THE OLD:BACHELOR'S CHRISTMAS. This is a reign of canine terror tn Brisbane. Executions : are being carried oat wholesale every day* and there is some chanee of walking the back streets in the future; without having a school of various seized mongrels hanging to ! one's what-dye-call-ems. The extreme penalty of the law is i carried out thus: The dawgs, ; (being first caught, of course), are placed in a corrugated iron room, where they are in utter ^darkness. On one side a trap door is opened at intervals, land the benighted animals, tired of oblivion, rush at it, as j jonedawg. The' trap-door gives ' access to a cage; and the cage, j 'when full of passengers, sinks j by "mechanical means, and finds 'access'to a tank foil of water.' When the police consider 'they •have "done the deed>" the •cage is hoisted by means of a 'Windlass, and the deceased are carted away * to the manure 'depot, and buried. No post mortem is held ; it ie quite un necessary. All concerned know, jwithout any such formal non- , sense, that the- verdict would be " drowned: in a cage, teaused principally by . npnr jregistration/' This mode of Execution, it will be observed, j jdiffers . frpm the usual thing, inasmuch as the condemned I jmay choose his own time of(de- ' jparture. I haven't hea^whafr jcoursewould be adopted, supposing one of the jdootaed betrayed unwonted indifference as to what jwas going on outside the trap-door^ and remained, jcontentedwith his lot, in the original tenement. The whole thing seems to carry a moral, about, curiosity, or something. , ! i Ax. the recent guoit match at Townsville, Simpson j was appointed scorer, and afterwards chairman of the convivial -part of the business. He made a. l9peech,ofcourse, and saidliei^was a Geordie "(as: if' jevjerybddy; didn't know that long ago!) and took,a, great interest in the game. He wpB frequently interrupted by an individual who insinuated that ibis color belied him. He wasn't" no niggah, but a imejjabah, ob de Waf Labahs Lumpah's ^Urnon." He was so enthusiastic at. certain stages that Geordie lhad. to. frown bim into decorum several times. iGeorge Smith, the-caterer, also dug down and spoke Sa piece, to the effect that Denham-street was once the West end, and &c.;, &c.;, &c.; We've heard, that before. - . - .; " Old Mitchsll/' of Rangoon and Fiji celebrity, is up at Hughenden, and has something big on in jthe jewellery line forChristmas. And, talking about Hughenden, Roberts (of late Roberts and 'Low, Chartera Towers) is too, doing something, in the sketching line. I believe he wants to place Mount Walker in the market as a goldfield1 And more Hughenden news : ... The amiable and fair hostess of the Great Western Hotel there has re turned from her trip South. She .took with her a regular lucky-bag. She had presents for everybody . $he had seemed to divine the fads of all her ac quaintances, and appeared inthe role of a benefact ing goddess. Then, flying from a hostess to a host, Plet^r. Ifeiison (not the admiral, nor yet the saint) is piaking i immense additions to his hotel at Hugh ehden, and, yribfin Separation does coxae, that lively little tova is not going to " take a back seat" any more. • r.; " Father " Abraham has resigned his position as Alderman of the Townsville Municipal Council, the cause assigned beiqg, press of business. Come to think of i$, the Towns ville patriarch, at the meeting of the Council at iwiuch his resignation was.accepted, was also appointed assessor of the Municipality,' at a salary of £56, in preference to two gentlemen who teridered for the positionati>55; and another who bfferedi tp perform the duties of the ofl5.ce for the sugi.of a50. Wonder was the press of business re ferred to, actual^ or only in perspective at the time? The Jewish element is coming to the front in TownsiiHe, anyhow. Bates bangs Banagher, and " Banagher bates the divil." That is a motto every true christian should jpaste on hisbluerbibon on St. Patrick's Bay. I am led to resurrect it thus out of season, in consequence | erf a quaint advertisement I have set eyes upon, in a country exchange. This advertisement starts in the {form of a legal indenture, and says"To all whom jit may concern (and their friends, if living.)" That ishows that,- though Bates may he a good man, he's jafraid of ghosts, or else why doesn't he include the •friends, "if dead?" However, I will continue to 'quote:—"Know all men" (phwy not the women, jBates?) "by these presents that P. W. Bates, the well-known equilateral triangle, right-angle and bee line government contractor is now in the - West again;" and then he goes on to say how he's pre pared to take contracts. Blackall, thricelyblessed Blackall! has got this " equilateral triangle." I 'remember hearing how Dan O'Connell confounded a Dublin fishwife,/whose tongue was a volcano o* filthy .abuse and swearing. He called her all the mathe matical names he could think of. He scared her ;first by saying she was a scalane triangle and that her ihypothenuse was no better than it ought to be; but ihe finished her right off, after 10 minutes of combat, iand left her staring at him, speechless and van quished, by informing her she was- a bogus parallelo pipedon and that all the town knew that she had a polygon in her garret. This " equilateral triangle," • F.t W. Bates, is not content' with emulating Dan jO'Connell, but must surpass the great Irish Libera tor. He doesn't select a fishwife, but he taxes him self with various mathematical crimes. Live on, dear Bates• take thou many more contracts and let OBlackali flourish. Bates < is/ at present, engaged in jthe prosaic occupation of making additions to the iBlackall State Schools^ but he aims higher, and will 'one day build a mia-mia. At ,3 a.m. on • .Thursday . week, a fire broke ou in the Bhop and premises of Mrs. Fletcher, at Given Terrace, Paddington. Mrs. Fletcher first observed the flames and gave the alarm to her husband, with whoseassisfcanqq the three. children! were removed. A house about seven yards distant was only saved with difficulty.' The neighbors lent willing assistance, but their efforts were mainly directed to the second house which was much scorched: Fletcher lost every thing but a horse, cart, andharoess, which were in a shed at sotae • distance' ttf the rear. The house Was insured for £250, and the stock and furniture for <£200. ! Fire Brigade* Hinton and a few of his men krrivde rather late., but thebellhad not been rung. 