THE NOVELIST. A SEOOWD IiiFJS.* BR UNA, AJ^XAA-DISB, ACTKOB OF " THB WOOMP 0 vol; il Chaktkb V A snell of fine warm .Breather enlivened the ."d of March, and greatly contributed to mm Griflith'fltfico««i^J<tbe;d#a»l»^a*»wm rr:n" in their accustomed ronune, saws that Mrk Griffith went out to drive at noon in ftead of half-past .two, aadtookluncheta on her return to .the hoUBfti ? : _ ? , The first time.ehe went otttiafterher ill ness, ehe was pcocaatfeiiwd br MtoiPwieiB flUSSdfcttMsf*1? Mildred was exceedingly wlpclant to.obcy this order. She had «d«varaendeav<mrcd to avoid driving out wUUrthe iimMwms old lfldr and bad hitherto succeeded tolerably well'; but on the present occasion ehe-could not refuse. . ? i J;, -The hour being early. Mildred earnestly booed Bhe would escape , an encounter with the Welby carriage and it4 occupants, as the knew Jane's strict adherence tofoshionable times and seasons; and she was further com forted by the knosylpdeeifchafcMra. Griffith rarely drove in. the Park. Shetherefore took courage, and: followed her . employer to the carriage with Jess nervousness than she would have felt three months be *°T" [[ you please, 'm, would yon mind ifthe coachman left thisliAtfejwireelatGteneraL Macfarlane's i" said Dan*, who was attend ing her mistress Jo tbe door. "it's., from Mis. Egerton. ma'Bm'i: tflmedindies.l^fttt here a few days ago, and I; h»4 a note from Mrs. Egerton asking me to send it to Green street So if yon wouldn't wind the coach man " "The coachman} nonsense I Yon are Bending he on Mrs. Egerton'a errands 1" in terrupted Mrs. Griffith sharply. " iiut it matters little where Idti,ve; «iv» your own directions. Da via " . Davie prudently refrained from a reply. "Tell Richards I cannot bear being, out longer than an hour," concluded Mrs. Griffith, as sbe was assisted into the carriage. . Mildred was pleased to observe that the blind lady was more cheerful than usual, as if Bhe enjoyed returning health and etrengtU. She could make herself moat agreeable when in the mood, and her young secretary was aroused and interflnted by her "keen well expressed observations on men and things. An hour passed quickly, and the parcel duly deposited as directed in Green- street, the horses' heads were turned homewards. As they were about to enter the Park by Grosvenor gate, a water-cart, too heavy for the animal wliiph dragged it, suddenly catne to astan'l, impedin^b^th the ingress and egress of Mrs. Griffith's and another carriage, also open, but occupied by two ladies ana two men. In the two facing her Mildred, with a wild thrill of terror, recognised Mfc Welby and Jane ; Lizzie occupied the ftont seat, and beside her sat alan^r-icoldng sun buxnt young man, vvJ^t iSXidred had never seen before. It was ah awful moment-rather an.age. White the struggling horse tugged and scrambled in vain, every nerve, every vein in Mildred's Bystem seemed uuddehly strained with intense, vivid, almost paiqful perception, her heart beat audibly to herself; but the Welby parly took ^otnptice of the veiled lady nicbed between the stately do wafer's draperies of velvet and lace and the side of the catrlage. Bnt how clearly thiongh her Teil Mildred saw the face she used to djead. Welby looked stouter and less bland thai) he did a year ago, and Jane*« expression was dissatisfied ; but Lizzie was radiant with a look of soft "happiness such as Mildred had never seen in her eyes before. What abundant time for recognition and observa tion those two or three minutes afforded, before the obstacle to YFelhy's progress was sufficiently removed to peruut his carriage to roll on 1 While bending over the door with a characteristic gesture of watchful care, to see that the panel did not graze gainst the water-cart, he passed dose to the wife he thought dead and buried away out of Bight. " What is it? What are we stopping for f' reiterated Mrs. Griffith-for tl^e cart Still lingered m their wiy. Twice Mildred essayed to answer, bnt her tongue clove to the rodfoi rher month. At last she managed to command her voice and explain; then they drove on. i. ' I have borne the drive better than I did yesterday, said Mrs. Griffith, as they pro ceeded down Grjsvenoj-place. " I shall get quite well and strong when I go down to ienuogjven. Iiy-tUe-way, you will come there with me?" '' "To Penuogwep,"'echoed Mildred, en deavouring to collect her ideas. " I have never thought of it" " W ell, Dray think of it now 1 I am used to you, ana very well satisfied. I am willing to increase your pay-your salary-whatever )ou choose to call it-so you had better cornc. Youwill like the place." it:i i a? ?la^. >'°Pr flJe satisfied," returned Mildred slowly, "aud-I will consult my vi mn leave London I shall he glad to go with you. tJ ' Iom.~8t,wait J"0111 aunt's pleasure?" li Ji rs". Griffith querulously. bhe ia ray best'and nearest friend. I do .. el!1® without consulting her." ' e wjJ,1 he very foolish if sbe stands in mnti wnj this haughtily ; and Mildred Silence? U° rep!>'» reac^cd home in said Mrs. Griffith, as Boon as Bhe rwf,f? threshold, ''let me have my lun 'mi»ediately; then I shall lie down and rest lor an hour or so." tnUHn^ f "PS^e, two gentlemen who were wiri together m the inner hall came for h^ 'ni "'!? wafi Bnan Leteh, whom Mildred othpr fo» y fie? j °,n several occasions; the face n ir ani dflflcer, with a proud aquiline recoffnfwii y Mildred a$ once in tlfp Btr ^ H1® man who had spoken toiler This ----a ?ew mon^8heforfer . SC0V( "er ip3 trembled, thrn»"\ rf1"' w,e 8lT turough his arm, saying; w,nfi "ope you are better for 'your drive; Hp'r ri i fed the blitid lady upstairs. ; * Griffith ,i?Ilo^to,i must he Colonel Egerton as was bewa il aha did not pwctive \--"eyond her *reach. Jt was caught and thin be proprietors of" The HcmlyhelcL however, while some one stud, low and oulckly s' "'Toil are illI-you are fcunt Can 1 help jotflV" ?' .Starred Into seli-possession, she looked up with an effort ana met Leigh's eyes." They were _so griivelyMnd/eo soft, so earnest, thpf she, i£lt a spdden sense of comfort, of sap-! consciousness of haying gained a J " I am only a little giddy. I-I am un accustomed to a drive. It is, passing away. You are verygood. l am much better. I, can go upstairs quite well f and the life-blood Seemedito xqah hack- to ber heart as the steady, light of his' thpughtful glance dwelt ^^ietine call i&yif;,)'! .* . Oh, no, no! I I'do not want anything but & nunu&ft;' quiet: see, 1 can walk quite . By a resolute exertion of will, and clinging tightly to the. banisters, she ascended U> tho .first jlahdibg and took refuse in the room assigned hfer.; , Hardly throwing aside bonnet ah^ ved, "she eat down to breathe and recover hersell, ,;<( .. ^ * 4 Tfrelong. dreaded and anticipated encouuter with her husband had overtaken'her at last, andeuG was sullsafe; ay. safer thou before ! i Itjcould scarcelyhappen thatalle should again j be in such close proximity to those she liad leftfor ever; She had .but to shelter herself behind her friendly veil, and* not bang looked ! lor, there was small danger of her pita-actingj attention; but she earnestly prayed , to be i delive'red from the eliock of such another meeting.] How thankful she -ielt to think 1 that she was free' from Welby's presence! j Tetthejecollectionof Lizzies bright face ! thrilled her with sharp .unreasoning pain. j She -had been fond pf, and grateful to her young step-diughter, who' she thought re tarned her affection: and now it nil was for gottonl For a few minuted she felt keenly1 tnat she had deliberately forfeited tier'place ; that the serried ranks of fife's on fr aril march had cloBcd up, leaving no room for a deserter !! Would it be so with Arthur and Gribble ? j Would they, if she revealed herself, receive her with ready welcome mid tender joy, or shrink from the return of a poor wandering I ghost, disfranchised from all butaun rights of home and help and habitation? It was a bitter moment j yet she did not feel that she had paid too high a price for her deliverance. Nevertheless, a strange passion swept over her-a wild longing to stand out before Mrs. Griffith and her haughty son, before Miss Ferrers and Frank, and this newly-seen relative of theirs, whose eyes haunted her with a prophetic promise of sympathy and wise counsel, a burning im Sulse to denounce herself, aud cry aloud, "I 'as dead, and am alive again ; I was lost, and 'am found." And if she did ? she would only be considered a lunatic. No, this would notdo. She was not herself; she had been terribly shaken; to-morrow she would be herself, and Btrive to be quiet, prudent in dustrious. " May I come in f said Davis, outside ; and enter that well-meaning abigail. " Law, Mrs. Wood, how white you look ! Mr. Brian, he says -to me as I was coming down frffla. MfJ, vJri(Tith, * 1 think Mrs. Wood is uot yery well; you had better look to her.' What's the matter, 'm ? Yoar dinner is quite ready ; come along and cat it-you are just exhausted." The dismay of Mrs. Leavett. when Mildred described her meeting with Welby and his daughters, may be imagined. She was always fearful lor her dear young lady, dreading un speakably the descentof Welby, full of wrath and veugeance, upon her-the revelation of everything, and a hideous scandal in which Mildred's character would suffer cruelly-and Mildred now, after months of closest com panionship, was dearer to her than ever. " I wonder vou didn't drop," she exclaimed. " You have a wonderful spirit. And how was the tyrant lookingt" " Just as he always did, deaf Koo; only a little harder." " Ay, I dare say. The like of him always does harden : and it will go luud with him yet. I wouldn't wonder, now you have met them once, if you meet them at every turn ; and I don t know how you'll stand it, Mcs. Wood, my dear. It will just destroy your nervous system. 1 wish we could get away out of London- ffcnt 7 am tied here, anyhow." " i believe I em as safe in London as any where," 6aid Mildred thoughtfully. " But in the confusion of yesterday, 1 remember Mrs. Griffith asked me to go into die country with j And aholl you go 2" .,"1,could not Bay 'Yes' or 'No' all at once, auntie; i asked for time to consider. Arthur might return, and I should not like to be out of the way. Hut after my adventure yesterday--" She paused. " Yon are safest with me,"Interrupted Mrs. Leav«tt, <" God knows who you might meet in a big country house!" "Mrs. Griffith appears to have no guests be yond the members of her own family; so I will bearwhntmore she has to say on the subject I rather shrink from being quite away trom vou." There was a pause, then Mrs. Leavett said, in a hesitating voice: " Don't you think, when yoar hear from Mr. Arthur, you'll just write and tell him everything, and ask him to come back to you ?" "Oh 1 not yet-not yet, dear Koo! I dread Mr. Gribble knowing what I have done- at least for some time, lie WAS so strongly op posed to a separation. He thought it would be so ba<l for me, that- he would be very angry, aud perhaps wanttne to make atonement!" " Well, any way, I wish-began Mrs. Leavett* when the .friends in council were interrupted by the entrance of the tidy little servant, who presented, a letter to her mis tro&s.; "Just see that I' cried Mrs. Leavett eagerly, handing it on to lier "young lady." " As the wish was on my lips I" " From Arthur I" cried Mildred, quivering with joy and anticipation. " What does he Bay!" ''Do you think I would read it.before t/ou, Misa Milly, though it is addressed to me?" But Mildred was tearing it open, and didi not heed. . i The 'nrat few,;, parAgrapba thanked Mrs. | Leavett for her prompt reply, aud apologised fpr.not wrifcjug sooner. '1 Waited,' he went j pn, "until riiad seen Mr. Gribble, Bince whioh l have been much engaged." Qn presenting inyaelt, with your letter as ftp introduction, pie good «pn was greatly overepme. ,He discovered, or thought he discovered, somejikegess in jne to my poor sister, to Mrhpm he seems to hjtve boen much attached.'^ Be told me a good deal about her married life. What adeetiny for a creature so loved and cherished as Mildred has been ! I don't seem'able to shake off the horror of it all! Von will he. glad to beer that Mr. Gribble is exceedingly kind-beyopd what I had any right to expect He has taken me into hlf? counting- house at a fair Balary. and mil hand over to me the balance remaining of his munificent gift to my sister. You see then, old friend, that ! have a fair start at Utit; and it will go hard with me if I do not I make the best of it. A warm climate suits me, and X have'no,tie La England; t shall therefore toy to make a home here. For the j present, I am Hz. tirlbble's guest; indeed, I can hardly believe in my own good fortune. It aeems as i| poor Hilly sent me good luck\ from her terrible :grave. Would to God she could share it 1 Letme hear from you now and again-you we so closely associated with those I loved, that I should not like to lose sight of you; and you, too, would, I am sure, wish to hear sometimes how I am going on. With hearty thanks for all your faithful ser vice, I am, dear fLo;o, yours affectionately, . " Aethdb Carb." When Mildred came to the end she handed the letter to Mrs, Leavett, and sitting down, covered herf&ce; with her hands. All hope was over for the present; indeed, she might never see her brother againJ Mrs. Leavett^ead on in silence. " Well ]" filie exclaimfcd at length, anxious to soften the disappointment, "I think, in a manner of speaking, Mr. Arthur's fortune is made." Mildred did not speak for a few seconds; I then 6be let' ber ' li&nds; fall, and tamed a deadly white face, with quivering lips, and wide Opeped, distressed eyes, towards her friend. _ * " Yea,, yes!" feh6 said, low and quickly. " It is goodfor him; but oh ! 'I cannot think of anything Bate my own despair. I have nothing (eft me nowr- nothing but loneliness ! and suppression all my life 1 Arthur is the ; one creature who could have been my natural ! companion and protector. For the first time \I dure not think ofwliat my future life will I be. 1 must never venture to be myself. It is ; too much for my Courage ! I had pictured i being gafe and at rest with Arthur, and my | dream has melted awiy. Nothing is left to i me. Ah! misfortune has made me selfish, jl ought to rejoice at my brother's good [ fortune; and I do-1! do! yet it is a terrible blow. 1 did not1 know till now how I clung to the hope.of his return. Again she rested her elbows on the table, I and covercd her lace with her lianda "Ahem !" began Mrs. Leavett, deeply moved by the sight of Mildred's grief. It »s a terrible disappointment What a thou sand pities this good gentleman hadn't been at hand to do something for Mr. Arthur, in time to save you from- from destroying your self in this way. If-1-" " What!" exclaimed Mildred, looking up and speaking more calmly. " Do you suppose I regret for a moment what I have done I I never hare wished, and never shall wish, it undone. No ; lonely and difficult as my position must be, I would not exchange it for whatl have left And, Koo, aunt-for,indeed, you are more than aunt to me-if I am not to have the comfort of Arthur's presence, the next best thing is to know ne is in good bands. witn~& tair chance of doing well, and that through me. But ob! if I conla see him aud open my heart to him-were it but once even f If I could correspond with hltnl. could bear my life better, liow hard it all is -how hard!" " You must try and keep op your heart, Miss Milly. Don't yon give up. It's early days as yet. Who knows what a year may bring about? maybe Mr. Gribble will come back sooner than he thinks he will. Maybe, after a bit, you'll see your way to write to Mr. Arthur." " Ah, yes! my only Consolation is to believe that all things ore possible; but just now I cannot. Just now I have gone down into deep waters, and no one can draw me out of them save myself." " Indeed, my dear young lady, you have been sorely tried. 1 wish there was any thing in this world I could do to help you. " You do-you do help me. What stay i have I but you t" ! " I am a poor reed to lean upon," returned; Mrs. Leavett " 1 aw thinking it's strange1 Mr. Gribble hasn't written to me about that i money." " He will, no doubt; perhaps by the next irtflil" | Mildred threw herself into the corner of the sofa, and began to re-peruse Arthur's letter. Seeing her thus absorbed, and feel ing powerless to (Jousole, Mrs. Leavett! Quietly fetole away, leaving her beloved ] young lady alone to battle with her own 1 grim thoughts. I This letter was a terrible blow to Mildred. There had been times during ber frequent reflections on the past, and dreams of the future, when the possibility of Arthur rc ! maining where he was had suggested itself; but she had always turned from the paiufnl idea, and now that he had come to a decision, which in his ignorance that his sister existed was perfectly natural, she felt she had no right to complain. Still, the disappointment was not less grievous. She had loved her brother well from childhood, and his companionship would have been delightful to her under any circumstances; but the secret of her great anxiety for his return was no doubt the fact that to him only dare she reveal herself with him only could she find safe legitimate protection. It was terrible to think that with no one save dear good Mrs. Leavett could she ever dare to be herself. For some hours she was prostrate. The full con6equenees of her daring and succeesful deed seemed to co ne-home to Tier as tliey had never done before, and all Mrs. Leavett's efforts to rouse and console her were in vain. Next day Mrs. Griffith was greatly annoyed by receiving a message through Davis. " If you please, 'm, Mrs. Wood das sent round to Bay she has a severe headache, and cannot come out this morning." " Sent round!-round what? the globe or the corner ?-or round the town ? 1 wish you would speak rationally V' said Mrs Griffith peevishly. " And how is it Mrs. Wood has got this headache? If she is going to be ill aud intermittent in her attendance, she will not do for me." " Well, "m, she has been very regular until now, and I am sure I hope she will be again!" A wish which Miss Davis more than once repeated mentally, as, with many rebukes and interruptions, she struggled through The Times. It was a d»y of annoyance and contradic tion, and afforded the confidential maid a fine opportunity of pointing out to an approving audience, in the housekeeper's room, the enormous benefit she had bestowed upon the family by securing the services of Mrs. Wood. j " Why," she concluded, " we ve never had such peacc and comfort for years and years, and Mrs. Wood, she manages the poor mistress as easy and quiet as-as-as if 6he were a baby."" " " She is a very superior young woman, observed the conk. '* And I muBt say," added the butler, who was considered a man of sound judgment and vast experience in 'social matters, con sidering die wasn't bom so, I never see a more thorough lady. Bless youit-she never makes a mistake, no njoro dodne of Gentility. * mudlalk| all\ Veeter songs of otl ! From this verdict there «r«a not a dis sentient voice. In the drawingroom the atmosphere crew a little clearer as dinner hour approached. Davis, who had been despatched to make inquiries, returned with the welcome intel ligence that Mrs. Wood was a little better, and hoped to be with Mrs. Griffith as usual nextday. " It iB a wretched fate to be dependent on hirelings," observed the blind lady bitterly to her eldest son, who had deigned to dine at his mother's house to act host to Mr. Ferrers, his daughter, and Brian Leigh. " I am not so sure of that," he returned. People generally do best lor the sake of their own interests." 1 "What a hideous doctrine," cried Gwen doline, who was being wrapped in her satin and swan's-down evening mantle in prepara tion for a reception, a soiree, and a ball at which she was about to show herself 2nd her attpndaiit; father, whose Bole and not too easy wfecttpation was care bf,'and obedience to, his wealthy daughter. " It is a dreary bit of philosophy," re marked Leigh, " but not without its grain of truth; still, I maintain that love is a stronger motive than even interest, when you can find the ingredients of that power " "A very considerable 'when,'" said Colonel Griffith. " We are late already, Gwendoline, "put in Mr. Ferrers. " And will neither of yon come to Lady Kirton's with me?' asked Miss Ferrers. No! you are really disagreeable." * Pray allow me a little of toy fion'g society, if you please," said Mrs. Griffith j "yon will find enough of gilded youth at your ball to admire nnd flatter you without Godfrey." "Gilded youth? Why, Consin Griffith,you don't consider Godfrey young or gilded?" " Steel-plated, rather/' added Leigh. 'Very good, Brian; you may take me down to the carriage for that" "Why didn't Frank dine here to-day?" asked Mra. Griffith, as Miss Ferrers, escorted by^ Leighl( had left the room. " I can't tell. His servant said he was out of town when I called to-doy, and that is very indefinite." "Has he any acquaintance at Hampstead?" *1 really don't know. Frank is vety gre garious, and has a considerable acquaintance in Bohemia." " Bohemia! I thought yon were free from the slangof modem Alsatia." " Alsatia was slang in its day, I suppose?" "Well, Brian, is there any news tfajs even ing?" asked the blind lady, as he re-entered the room. " 1 have had a miserably dull, nn comfortable day; that'is the worst of finding the very thing that suits one-you miss it so frightfully when .it rats out of order: My secretary failed me this morning." " Vou find her useful and satisfactory, then ?" said Leigh, drawing a chair near Mrs. Griffith. " Yes; quite bo. In fact, an infinite relief after the array of incapables that have made my life a burden to me for months." " Where did you pick her up ? asked Colonel Griffith, who was standing rather restlessly on the hearthrug, as though anxious to escape. " Oh, Davis found her! It is about the only clever actof Davis's whole life. She went in to gossip with a tradesman, or, rather, tradeswoman, in the neighbourhood, and saw ! Mra Wood was just what I wanted, after I had spent a small fortune on advertisements, and in paying unearned salaries to get rid 01 creatures with magnificent testimonials, who could hardly sign their names." "She is a good-looking woman-what Davis would tern genteel I fancy she has a history," said the colonel, carelessly. " I imagine she has; but she can keep her own counsel. I once asked her some ques tions about her husband, and her former life, but she made short work of them. 'There I is much pain and sorrow in my past,* she said, * I would rather not spe&k; of it' Of course, after that, I had no more to say ; but I shall find out her history yet," added Mrs. Griffith, with decision. " Do you think she is really married?" con tinued her Bon. "I think she is perfectly respectable. Whatever her past may have been, she is a capital reading and writing machine-she is evidently unambitious of being anything more, and that is a great recommenda tion." " How long has she been with you?" asked Leigh, who had been apparently in deep thought, his eyes bent on the carpet " She came a little before Christmas." " About four months ago I I am glad she suits you; it must be a great nuisance to listen to a dull, bad reader, and good reading is tare." j " You are not a bad reader yourself, Brian. ! I wish you would look through the evening papers and see if there is anything that would interest me." " In which case I shall say good-night," cried Colonel Griffith hastily. " I promised to meet Allerton at the club." "Fray do not break your appointment on my account," said his mother in her loftiest manner. " Many thanks for your permission: shall see you to-morrow or next day. Good- night, I Brian," aad Colonel Griffith strolled out of die room. His mother breathed a quick sigh, then exclaimed sharply: "The news, my young cousin, the news!" "There is noLhing fresh since morning, I assure you. Things look rather threatening between France and Prussia;" and Leigh proceeded to draw the blind lady into ani mated conversation, showing no small skill in using sufficient contradiction to interest her without exciting her wrath. Occasionally he read short passages from the leaders and "Foreign Intelligence" which bore upon the subjects under dis cussion. . . " "I fear my readiug is trying after Mrs. Wood'a You will miss her if she will not go with you to the country." "OhI she will, she must!" cried Mrs. Griffith. " I have not met anyone for a long time who has interested me so much. I am longing to find out all about her." ' Perhaps there is nothing to find out" " There is-I am certain there is !" " Why!" "Because I have never met a more tho rough gentlewoman. No nature, however superior and refined, and all that, could pro duce such a tone, such manners, without the polishing of early training. Then she has travelled." " Indeed 1 How do you know ? "According to Davis's story at the begin ning, Mrs. Wood, whose aunt keeps the grocer's Bhop where my ooolc deals occa sionally, was left a widow in America, and she came over here to claim some pro perty." " Oh t Then her engagement with you is only provisional!" ,, , " I fear so. She was very particular about agreeing by the week; now, if she comes to Pennogwen, she must make up her mind to stav six months." "The contrast between her style and het position 1b remarkable, but as you are s&tut; tied she is respectable " » r j ai? interrupted Un, Griffith. indeed, Davis says the aunt is rather a superior person, and was lady's-maid in a gentleman's family in the north for many years. "In the north ?" repeated Leigh. Ue remained silent for some minutes, and ly"eu uejet Afra. Griffith spoke answered faer somewuat at random; tlien, rousing himself, he resumed Imefioits to interest and amuse tils blind relative, succeeding so well that sue sat op quite half an hour beyond her usual time for retiring to rest, and Davis re ported that her mistress had gone to her bed like a lamb. * 2'1'. bidding his hostess good-night, sat for some time in profoundest thought, _ then, murmuring, " It seems lie rond belief; yet^-he rose, rang for the butler, and, as it was a fine, dry night, walked slowly away to Victoria-street, where the wife of a well-known journalist had in vited him to grace a musical party with his presence. _Thoi^h Mildred felt herself again nest day, Mrs. Oriffith complained that her voice was and that she read carelessly. Davis tells me you were ill the day before yesterday, after your drive. I hope you are not one of those unfortunate people who cannot bear the motion of a r-arrinjrg j" I don't think I am," returned Mildred, smiling, I certainly felt faint when I re turned. Perhaps the sudden warmth affected me. r u Af w^en we so down to Pennogwen, 55\. alone, and shall want you to drive with me every day. Have you spoken to your aunt, and are you willing to come to the country with me? Apart from every tiuog else, I really like your company, you must remember I have very few plea sures, (his with incomparable dignified graciousness. _ Mildred was touched. In spite of Mrs. urimtns selfish, exacting w&ya;, there was some subtle sympathy between them. I am most h&ppy; to be of use to you. I nave consulted my aunt, and, with her ap proval, I shall be glad to accompany you when yon leave town." "Good! You have decided wisely. As hare agreed frankly, without any haggling, l snail double your salary while you are a re gular inmate of my house; but you must not leave me at a week's notice.** " I should not think of doing so now." Good!" Baid the blind lady again. " I flhall goontof town in a month or six weeks, and u you want any money I will make you an advance. At Pennogwen you will join us flt luncheou-and dinner too, if you wish.** I would touch rather not," put in Mil area. " At all events, yon will mix with my family, and I wish you to be well dressed. I am told that your garo&ents; are nun-like in their simplicity. " I think my drew is suited to my station," said Mildred composedly; " and I can be of quite as much use to yon without mixing with your guests." *'it is unavoidable! You need not dine with us if you don't like, but for the test, your own Bense and judgment will point | out what is right. There, lam glad that is Bettled. Now, look through whatever letters there are. Brian Leigh was here last night and read me some ; they ought to be nnri<>r we paper-weight there." pile of circulars and a few notes onlr awaited inspection. Mrs. Griffith, after some instructions respecting the answers to her letters, said ." I wish you would look through those circulars, and tell me what they are about" Mildred therefore proceeded to ekim their contents, till she came to one which, at the first glance, she saw was very different from the rest, She dropped it, and went on to the next, which vaunted the admirable qualities of a newly-invented churn. " There, that will do! Ring for Black ; and I want Davis. I will take a glass of wine and a biscuit before I go out. I am sur prised Miss Ferrers is not here." The functionaries named made their ap pearance. The head of the house was care fully wrapped up, her wants attended to, &>d the carriage was announced. At the last moment, Gwendoline Ferrers came flying upstairs, breathless, witli a torrent of apolo gies. She got severely snubbed for her pains, and was marched down again in at tendance on her imperious kinswoman. The moment Mildred found herself safely alone, she took up the letter which had startled her, and read " Madam,-Are you aware that your son^ Mr. Frank Griffith, is carrying on a secret en gagement with a low person, the daughter of an attorney whose designing character is well known? If you do not take care, vou will soon be presented with a daughter-in law whom you will not like.-Yours, *' A WELL-\VISHEB." This was addressed at the bottom of the page " To Mrs. Kgerton Griffith, 2!) Eccleston square." "Have I done right or wrong?" Mildred asked herself, as she laid down the letter. * Ought I to have yielded to my impulse, and suppressed this ? Yes! an anonymous com munication does not deserve attention ; it would have annoyed and agitated Mrs. Griffith, and perhaps seriously injured her son." What should she do? Give it to Frank Griffith, of course, at the first oppor tunity. Sueii an entanglement would be doubly disappointing, she felt sure, as she saw that Mis. Griffith intended Gwendo line Ferrers to be Frank's wife; though, as far as Mildred could judge, neither seemed to have the smallest attraction for the other. It seemed curious that, having cut herself off from all family ties of her own, she .should have drifted into the domestic life of others * she felt that, though really free to leave Mrs. Griffith at any moment, it would not be easy to do so, for the bliud lady was gaining on her. At any rate, ill or well done, she must now suppress the anonymous letter-no choice was left her. After a few momenta' further reflection, Bhe hastily wrote: -"The enclosed was among some circulars delivered this morn .ye- It has not been made known to Mrs. preSecl "emS an°tyr,)tt0U8» il might be sup She put this info an envelope which she did not address, .and hid it in her pocket, Opportunity to hand it to Mr. Griffith. Then she hastened to mak< up for lost time, and complete the work lefl her before Mrs. Griffith's return. This accomplished, she took some needle' work which she usually kept beside her foi any unoccupied moments, wishing intently the while that F^ank Griffith might appear. It was more than a week since she had seen nim; surely he would come to-day I But this would have made matters much too simple, and the destiny which regulates human affairs is far too kind to story-tellers to permit such ready means of disentangling ft ravelled skein. . As Mildred mused, Bhe heard an approach ing step-a man's tread, firm and deliberate. Perhaps it was Mr. Griffith I How glad the would be to do him a service. She looked up brightly, eagerly, as the door opened to admit hi8 brother, who walked across to the portieres, raised one, and looked into the next room as if in search of some one. "Pray has Miss Ferrers been here?" he asked, returning and seating himself in an easy chair opposite Mildred, whose counte nance had changed unmistakably when her eyes met his. "She has gone to drive with Mrs. Griffith." Colonel Griffith smiled a somewhat mock ing smile. " I am sorry to have disappointed you," he said, looking at her. i "How?" asked Mildred. I " Your face, your eyes, are too expressive ! I cannot help perceiving that / was not the visitor you expected to see!" Mildred looked at him steadily in great surprise, but felt at a loss what to reply; she therefore contented herself with a silent bend of the head. Colonel Griffith expected a blush ing denial, which might lead to a conversa tion ; now he had to begin again. " I am afraid you are very easily frightened." "Indeed." "1 feel I ought to apologise for having startled you by offering the handkerchief I thought you had dropped-so abruptly. I mean that evening, you remember, some months ago." " I remember; yes; I was foolish to be so Btartled without a cause." " Did you think I was a pickpocket ?" " No smiling. " I did not think at all; I was simply startled at being spoken to, as I was such a stranger then." "-Ah ! you have a larger circle of acquaint ance now I" Mildred shook her head.-" It is curious my < finding you here," continued Colonel Griffith in his lordly way; not un civil, but speaking as the superior to an in terior. " I assure you I often wondered who you were, and where you were." j " Why ?" asked Mildred, quietly again rais- j ing her eyes to his, and looking at him calmly, while he hesitated for a reply. If he had been quite sure that his mother's secretory was but an unusally well-educated menial, he would have answered by a scarcely veiled declaration that he had taken a fancy to her. An indefinable conviction, however, pressed upon him that he must not speak to this pale, slender, grave young woman, whose large, lustrous eyes looked into his own calmly I and earnestly, save with a certain respect-a certain degree of reticence. He was greatly bored by this impression, and wondered at his own Iblly in pursuing the conversation; etlil he felt impelled to nitinue: " Why-a-you see, I thought I saw a like ness to-to a lady I used to know; and having once looked at you to assure myself ot jour identity, I naturally felt interested." " He thought he saw a likeness I" These a wful words struck terror into Mildred's heart .She coloured vividly-cheek, throat, and even (.belittle ears, behind which her hair was braided-growing rosy-while she burned with anger against herself for her want of self-control. She mastered her impulse to hide her face, however, and found courage to say *s the colour faded away, and lefther paler than ever " But now you see your mistake. You feel en re you have never met me before?" _ " Yea; that is, I believe so," returned Colonel Griffith, a little puzzled by her evident uneasiness, and thinking, " Has she ever met tiie before ? is she afraid of being recognised ?" " Yours is not a fare to be easily forgotten?" he continued aloud, with a bold admiring glance; "and I have often tried to think where 1 could have Been you." Silence ensued, Mildred not finding a suit l 'e an^ feeling by any means sure that Colonel Griffith was not struggling with the miets of memory, from which, ultimately, he would evolve a distinct recollection, and presently denounce her as an impostor and law-breaker. She looked at him with great, wondering syes full of dread. Was he admitting himself mistaken to throw her off her guard ? Tnese ideas Hashed quick as lightning along the slectric lines of thought, and, collecting her self, she answered quietly f'it is indeed unlikely that persons so widely separated as you and I are socially should ever have metand she took up her needlework to cover the silence she deter mined, if possible, to maintain. _ Her composure baffled Colonel Griffith's intention to lay the foundation of an easy acquaintance with his mother's interesting amanuensis. He was not given to take mucn trouble, even about his pleasures. He was considered utterly unimpressionable by women in his own grade of life, but he was not indifferent to tne charms of those of a humbler and more accessible class. In Mildred he saw almost all that was most desirable : what he considered beauty, grace a delicate simplicity (Colonel Griffith's tastes were decidedly refined), coupled with social position sufficiently obscure to authorise un ceremonious approaches from a superior in Somehow or other, without dignified airs of timidity, or affectation of any kind on Mildreds part, he found himself checked. &he; did not seem inclined to retreat either: she coolly plied her needle. "Atany rate, I trust yon forgive me for startling you as I dH," resumed Colonel Griffith.-Mildred bowed.-" I must confess that I saw you a little while before in that shop where you were buying silk or some thing, and I was immensely struck by let us say your likeness to-" he paused and watched her a* she looked up all atten f!pnT 'a My 1 knew, or to my ideal, it you like it better; and I followed to get another glimpse." 0Is$?.laJ-v y°u thought me like?" exclaimed Mildred before she could stop herself; then added quickly, " A stupid ." ^ J'ou told me I should be none .'fie wiser. -Jjkerose as she spoke, unable to bear the ES onyJ'""""-'hough she was the field ieiJ e e,"emy in Possession of rwnfabruptlv? 8 leiTerB Came into lhe, "Oh, Godfrey ! I am so glad you have not fo niZa>' b0"x * Covent Garden tonight. Aida, with Patti-and Formes Mrs. Itedmayne, and Urian Leigh are comiiv' aiV? ,j;ou WiH complete the party » «< Sfinitd>'B°od !1 <*nnot, reallv." Uut, Godfrey, we want you to escort ns Brian Leigh will join us at the theatre, but «fC « comj W1ih us! and Frank is away escort ' Wlth 08 and be ou' i, "A" days of women's lighie you want jio escortLite in London la safe and em itted enough to allow of your walkin" from carriage to your box unmolested." , You are really too unkind and selfish ! Godfrey 1 Have you no chivalry ? ' '1 "Nota spark. "" X°H,are aot .half as good .latured as Frank!" '' I &tp; quite aware of that" I do believe you won't come because you bate me," pouting prettily. " Oh dear no 1 Bat I don't care for the opera, ! dislike dining half-au-hour earlier Hwatuiia), audi parity promised M'lntae to look in at that new piece they have at the Strand." " What, that ugly, ill-bred General M'ln tyre ? I wonder you can bear him J" " He suits me admirably, I assure you." " Well," said Uiss Ferrers, drawing on her gloves, " I shall ask Bertie Wilmot in your place she shot a glance at her cousin aB if she had played a tramp card. " Pray do," said he, quite unmoved. "You will find him a capital exchange for my un worthy self." Miss Ferrers Baw it was impossible to move bim, and turning with a slight increase of colour to Mildrea, she observed : " Mrs. Griffith wishes me to say that she wants you in the diningroom. The steward from Pennogwen is here, and there are papers to be read and written." Mildred gladly obeyed. 