AN ORIGINAL BELLE. By E. P. Roe. Chapter VI.— A Scheme of Life. Marian vraifced for her father's return, having been much too deeply excited for the speedy advent of the quietude of sieep. When at last he came she told him every- thing. Az she described the first part of the interview his brow darkened, but his face softened as she drew towards the close. When she ceased he said : 4 Don't you see I was right in saying that your own tact would guide you better than my reason? If I, instead of your own nature, had directed you, we should have made an awful mess of it. Now let me think a moment. This young fellow has suggested an idea to me — a general line of action which I think you can carry out. There is nothii g like a good definite plan — i ot cast irou, you know, but flexible and modified by circumstances as you go along, yet so clear and defined as to give you something to aim at. Confound it, that's what's the matter with cur military authorities. If M4CIeIlan is a ditch digger, let him put a general in command ; or, if he is a general, give him what he wants, and let him alone. There is no head, no plan. I confess, however, that just now I am chiefly interested in your campaigne, which, after all, stand the best chance of brisgicg about union, in spite of your nega | tive mood manifested to-night. Nature will prove too strong for yon, and eome day — soon, probably — yea will conquer, only to surrender yourself. Be that as it may, the plan I suggest need not be interfered with. Be patient. I'm only following the tactic? in vogue — taking the longest way round to the point to be attacked. Lane said that if ycu carried out; your present principle of action you would have a power possessed by few. I think he is right. I'm not flattering you. Little power of any kind can co-exist with vatslty. The secret of your fascination is chiefly in your individuality. There are other girls more beautiful and accomplished who bsve not a tithe of it. Now and then a woman is peculiarly gifts with the power to influence men — etrocg men, too. You had this potency in no slight degree when neither your heart nor your brain was very active. You will find that it will increase with time, and if you are wise it will be greater when yon are eixty than at present. If yoo avoid the Scylla cf vanity on the one hand, and the Chsrybdis of fe'fishness on the other, and if the sympathies of yoar heart keep pace with a cultivated mind, you will steadily grow in social influence. I believe it for this reason : A weak girl wonld have been sentimental with Lane, wcold have yielded temporarily, either to his entreaty or to his anger, only to disappoint him in the end, or else would have been conventional in her refusal, and so sent him to the bad, probably. Yen recognieed just what you could be to him, and had the ekill — n&tcxe;, rather, for all was unpremeditated — to obtain an in fluence by which you can incite him to a better manbcod and a greater success, per. baps, than if he were year accepted lover. Forgive this long preamble ; I am thinking aloud and feeling my way, as it were. What did you ask him to promise? Why, to make the most and best ot himself. Why not let this silence suggest the social scheme of your life ? Drop fellow? who have neither brains nor heart — no good mettle in them — and so far as you have influence strive to inspire the others to make the most and best of themselves. You wonld not find the kitchen- maid a rival on this plan of tile ; nor indeed, I regret to say, many of yoar natural associates. Outwardly year life will appear much the same, bat yoar motive will change everything, and flow through all your action like a mountain spring, rendering it impossible for you to poison any life.' 'Oh, papa, the very possibility of what you suggest makes life appear beautiful Hie idea of a convent !' Convents are the final triumph of idiocy. If bad women could be shut up and made to say prayers most of the time, at least no harm would be done — the good, problematical ; but to Immure a woman cf sweet, natural, God bestowed impulses is the devil's worst practical joke in this world. Come, little girl, it's late. Think over the scheme; try it as yon have a chance ; use your power to incite men to make the most and best of themselves. Tins is better than levying your little tribute of flattery and attention, like other belles— a phase of life ss common a? cobble stones and as old as vanity. For instance you have an artist among your fri nds! Possibly you can make him a iietter artist and a better fellow in every way. Drop a|| muffs and sticks ; don't waste yonrself on them. Have considerable charity for acme of the wild fellows, none for their fdly, and from the start tolerate no tendencies towards sentimentality. Yon will find that the who admire girts bent on making eyes rather than men will soon disappear. Sensi ble men wont misunderstand you, even though promp ed to more than friendship and you will eventually have a circle of friends of which any woman might be proud. Of course yon will find at times that unspoken negatives will not satisfy ; but if a woman has tact, good sense, and sincerity, ber position is impregnable. As long as she is not inclined to love a man herself she can, by a mere glance, not only define her position, but defend it. By simple dignity and reserve she can say to all, "Thus far and no farther." If, without encouragement, any one seeks to bre&k; through this barrier he meets a quirt negative which he most reepeet, and in his heart does respect. Now, tittle girl, to sum np your visit, with its long talks and their dramatic and unexpected ilia tration, I see nothing to prevent yoo from going forward and nuking the best and most of your life according to nature and truth. You have a good start, and a rather better c jance than falls to the lot of the majority.' 4 Truly/ said Marian, thoughtfully, ' we don's appear to grow old and change by time so mcobasby what happens — by what we t fink and feel. Everything appears changed, including ycu and m self.' 4 It 8 more in appearance than reality. You will find the impetus of your old life eo strocg that it will be hard ev. n to change th« direction of the current. You will be much the same outwardly, ss I said before. The stream will flow through the same channel of characteristic traits and habits. The vital change must be in the stream itself— the motive from which life springs/ How true her father's words seemed on the following evening after her return! Her mother, aa she sat down to their dainty tittle dinner, looked as if her serenity had been disturbed by a single perplexing thought during the paet few deye. There was the same elegant, yet rather youthful costume for a lady of her years, the same smiling face, cot yet so fell in its outline as to have lost all its girlish beauty. It was marred by few evidences of care and trouble, nor was it spiritualised by thought or de£p experience. Marian observed her closely, net with any disposition towards cold cr cacaeicca criticism, hot in order that eke might better understand the conditions of her own lite. She also had a wakening corioeity to know just what her mother was to her father and he to her. The hope was forming that she ecu Id make them more to each other. She bad too much tact to believe that this could be done by general exhcratiocs. If anything was to be accomplished it must be by methods eo fine and unobtrusive as to be scarcely recognised. Her father's inner life had been a revelation to her, and she was led to query. ' Why does not mamma understand it ? Ci i she under stand it V Therefore she listened attentively to the details of what bad happened in her absence. She waited in vain for any searching and intelligent questions concerning the absent husband. Beyond that be was well) and that everything about the house was just aa she had left it, Mrs. Yosburgh appeared to have no farther interest. She was voluble over tittle household affairs, the novel that just then abecrbed her, and especially the cellars and there chagrin at finding the young giri absent. 4 Only the millionaire widower remained any length cf time when learning that you were away,' raid the lady, and he spent meat of the evening with me. I assure you he is a very nice, entertaining old fellow.' 4 How did he entertain you ! What did he talk about ?' 1 Let me remember. Now I think of if, what didn't he talk about? He is one of the most agreeable gossips 1 ever met— knows everybody and everything. He has at his finger-end the history of all who were belles in my time, and ' complacently4 1 find that few have done better than I, while some, with all their opportunities, chose very crooked sticks.' 4 Ycu are right, mamma. It seems to me that neither of us half appreciates papa. He works right on so quietly and steadily, and yet he is net a machine, but a men. 4 Oh, I appreciate him. Nice cut of ten that he might have married would have made him no end of trouble. I don't maze him any. Well, after talking about the people we used to know, Mr. Lanniere began a tirade against the times and the war, whicb, he says, have cost him a hundred thousand dollars, bat he took osre in a quiet way to let me know that he has a good many hundred thousands left. I declare, Marian, you might do a great deal worse.' 4 Do you not think I might do a great deal better ?' the young girl asked, with a frown. 4 1 have no doubt you taint so. Girls will be romantic. I was, myself ; but as one goes on in life one finds that a million, more or less, is a very comfortable fact. Mr. Lanniere has a fine house in town, but he's a great traveller, and an habit vc of the best hotels of this country and Europe. You conld see the world with him on its golden side.' 4 Well, mamma, I want a man — not an habitue What's more, I must be in love with the man, or be wont stand the ghost of a chance. So you see the prospects are that you will have me on your hands indefinitely. Mr. Lanniere, indeed ! What should 1 be but a part of his possessions — another expensive luxury in his luxurious life ? I want a man like papa, earnest, large- brained, and large hearted, who, instead of inveighing against the times, is absorbed in the vital questions of the day, and is doing his part to solve them rightly. I would like to take Mr. Lanniere into a military hospital or cemetery, and show him what the war has cost other men/ 4 Why, Marian, how you talk !' I with I could make you know how I feel. It aeems to me that one has only to think & tittle and look around in order to fed deeply. I read of an awful battle while coming up in the care. We have bean promised, all the spring, that Richmond wonld be taken, the war ended, and all o on serenely again ; but It doesn't look tike it/ 4 What's the nee of woman distressing themselves wi'h such things? said Mis sp'ce to a story. Oar whole big political squabble, and you t detest politics. It is just as Mr. Leunlere eay8, it our people had only let Mavetynfon all would have gone on well. Tfa6 oa both sides will find out befarethe .ummcr is over thit they hve gone too hr and fast, and they had better nettle thrir differences with words rather than Mqwhl We shall all be shaking hands Mid. nskim. up before Christmas.1 maiong Papa doesn't think so. Your father is a German at heart. He his the sense to be preotioal sbout ererv day affairs and enjoy . good dinner. bnVhe amuses himself with cloudy speculations and ideals and vast questions about the welfare of the world— or the "trend of the centuries.' as he said one day to me I always try to laugh bin out of such ramie nonsense. Has he been talking to yoa about the " trend of toe centuries J1 1 No, mamma, he has not, replied Marian gravely; 1 but if he does I shall try to uuder stand what he means and be interested. I know that papa feels deeply about the war aud means to take the most effective part to it that he can, and that he does not think it will end so easily as you believe. These facts make me feel anxious, for I know how resolute papa is.1 1 He has no right to take any risks,1 said the lady, emphatically. ' He surely lias the same right that other men have.' Oh, well,' concluded Mrs. Vosburch with a shrug. there is no use to borrowing trouble. When it comes to acting, Snsfr»H of dreaming and speculating on vast misty questions, I can always talk your father into good sense. This is the best thing about him— he is well balanced, to spite of his tendency to theories. When I show him that a thing is Quixotic he laughs, shrugs his shoulders, and good-naturedly goes on to the even tenor of his way. It was the luckiest thing to the world for him when he married me, for I soon learned h?« weak points, and have ever guarded him against thcai. As a result, he has had a quiet, prosperous career. If he wishes to serve the Government in some civilian capacity, and is well paid for it, why shouldn't he ? But I would never hear of his going to the front, fighting and marching to Virginia mud and swamps. If he ever breathes such a thought to you I hope you will aid mc in showing him how cruel and preposterous it is.' Marian embed, as she thought : I now begin to see bow well pepa uuderetands mamma, but haB she any gauge by which to measure him ? I fear he has fonnd Mb home lonely, in Epite of good dinners.' Come, my dear,1 resumed Mr. Yosbnrgh, we are lingering too long. Some of your friends may be calling soon, although I said I did not know whether you would be home to-night or not. Mr. Lanniere wili be very pt to come, for I am satisfied that he has serious intentions. What's more, you might do worse — a great deal worse.1 Three times you have said th&t;, raamyns, and I doc's like it,1 said Marian, a little indignantly. Of course I might do worse ; I might kill him, and I should he tempted to if I married him, and he knows it, too. Indeed, I scarcely respect him. You don't realise what you are saying, for you would not have me act from purely mercenary motives?' 1 Oh. certainly not ; but Mr. Lanniere is not a monster or a decrepit centenarian . He is still in his prime, and is a very agreeable and accomplished man of the world. He is well-connected, moves in the test society, and could give his wife every thing ' ' He couldn't give me happiness, and he would spoil my life.1 Ob, well, if you feel eo, there is nothing more to be said. I can tell you, though, that multitudes of girls would be glad of your cbance ; but, like so many young girls, you have romantic ideas, and do not appreciate the fact i bat happiness recoils chiefly frcrr- the cocditions of onr let, and that we soon learn to havs plenty cf affection for those who make them all we could desire y and she tccebed a bell for the waitress, who had been temporarily dismissed. The girl came in with a faint smile on her face. H&s; she been listening V thought Marian. 4 That creature, then, with her vain, pret y, yet vulgar face, is tbe type of what I was &he; has been lighting the draingroom fcr me to do what she proposes to do later in tbe evening. She looks jest the same. How unchanged all is. cs papa said it would be 1 licw unchangeable I fear much may be !' She soon left the diniogroom for the parlour, her dainty, merry, little campaign- tec? ground What should be its future reaord ? Could she oarry cot the scheme of life which her father had suggested ? Well,1 she concluded, with an ominous flash in her eyes at her fair reflection in tbe mirror, ' whether I can incite any one to better thingB or sot, I can at least do some freezing out. That gossipy, selfish old Mr. Lanniere mnet take his million to soma other market. I have no room in my life for him. Neither do I dcte on tbe future acquaintance of Mr. Strahau. I shall put him on probation. If men don't want my society and regard on toe new conditions they can stay away ; if they persist in coming tbey most do eometoing finer and be something finer than in the past- The friendship of one man like Fen ton Lute is worth more than tbe attention of a wilderness of muffs and sticks, as papa calls them. What I fear is that I shall appear goody-goody, and that woold disgust every one, including msyeif.' (tg as oomnaP'l 