iEfir uttser. Saturday, December 26, 1S85. A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND HAPPY NEW YEAR. What a world of meaning is. wrapt up in this quaint sentence, which is as old as the hills.' What memories of the past it recalls, and brings vividly before the mind’s eye of those who have witnessed the whirligig of time. Christmas re minds us of the land . that gave many of us birth, of huge fires and crackling yule logs, and the family circle gathered round the hearth, stone, at least once a year, while all without was chill and.wintry. The ice - laden blast, as it whistled through the queer old gables, in childhood's days, sang ghostly dirges, which fancy fed with a glamour of superstition, and fearful were the pangs experienced by many as they trooped up stairs^ to bed. Father Christmas was as ; much a reality to the youthful imagina tion as the mistletoe bough. There aie thousands in Australia who remember their first kiss beneath its friendly leaves, and the heart burnings that the custom has caused. Oh, the partings, hopes, sorrows and fears, the harmless winter blossom has brought into play. Where, ah where,' are those now that memory sends,- phantom like, before the mental vision ? Where is. the loved one. that was to be the wife of the heart and home, or the' upright form, strong and stalwart in manly beauty, that was to lead another to Hymen’s altar ? All gone into the mists of the past, and nothing re mains but shadowy forms folded within our memories. How different is the . scene here. No snowy sheets of drizzling mist, or thought of hobgoblins, ghosts or fairies. All is bright and sunny. Family groups are fouud in ferny dells and verdure clad valleys, near rippling brooks, tiny rivulets or running streams. At Chiistmas time the air is redolent with summer scents, and: nature’s prettiest garb invites all out of doors to enjoy the in vigorating influence of the incense wafted frem eucalyptus groves, which is offered up as a perpetual sacrifice lor the good of Australian humanity. On the Northern plains the agriculturist'may have hard times, owing to the neglect to con serve; nature’s kind restorer—water. But it is not there that Christmas parties wander. They are found in cool fertile spots ’neath the shaded fern, or the kindly shelter of an t owship, for f the district. Id began, have tis their nature to.” But difference should not be another name for malignity, and scurrilous abuse. We know it is easier to preach, by sad ex perience, than to practice, yet much could be done if a genuine trial were made. The pro gress of this borough has our warmest sympathy above all other considerations, aud on the many reforms necessary the Advertiser will speak with no uncertain sound. Therefore, may the present festive season mark a new era in the history of local public life. All almanac for thj yp-ir JESS6 is presented . witlithe^Christmas nu^jlior^pBy’/ie Advertiser. The most fortunate circumstance that has occurred during the present Parliament, excepting that of the erection of the Rail way Workshops, is the rejection by the Legislative Council of the Electoral Bill. This step having been taken it is now impossible for a similar bill to be introduced into the next Parliament before the third and last session. That which was loss to Moira, YViinmera, and Gippsland, was gain to Williamstown. Because by the time indicated the .population of Williamstown will have undoubtedly attained the qualifica tion To entitle it to return two members to the Assembly. Nearly a hundred men have been em ployed 'during the week constructing a siding along Railway place, terminating at the old cemetery. This marks a new epoch in the history of Williamstown in conse quence of it .being the-first substantial step in the transit and. shipment of grain. A long platform is tb - be constructed for bagging. These are of'course temporary arrangement spending the reiuofal^of—. the present Railway Workshops, the site of ' which before many months elapses will be studded with huge and permanent buildings for the convenience of our rapidly increasing export trade. A fatal accident to a young man, well known in Williamstown, is reported. Mr William Murdock, who eighteen mouths ago was stationed as a porter at North Wil liamstown, and was promoted to a station on the Gippsland line, last week had occasion to ride along the line on business. -While proceeding rapidly his horse fell and rolled over him, causing instant death from dislo cation of the neck. Last week a largo case of supposed drapery, imported from London and dis charged at Williamstown, was opened in consequence of suspicion being aroused respecting its contents, when, upon exami nation, it was discovered to be filled with refuse from a horse stable. The change must evidently have been made prior to shipment. Piscators should have rare sporf/dliring the holidays, as the bay is teeming with mullet. Garfish are plentiful just outside the break water pier, and can be taken with the rod and line. Flathead are also numerous just beyond the lightship, and furnish fiue hauls. Care should, however, be taken of the large sharks which often rob the angler of his fish before reaching the surface. The annual meeting of the Trafalgar Lodge of Druids is postponed, and will bn held on Tuesday next. The Wyndham Licensing Bench sat on Thursday, when the application of Mr. Micheal Walls for a license for the Club Hotel was dealt with. Mr. Alley was not in favor of granting the application, but the majority of the bench (Messrs Churnside and Cherry) were favorable, and the license was allowed. A delay of over a quarter of an hour occurred at the Williamstown Court on Tuesday morning, through only one justice of peace attending. After a search, the police managed to secure the attendance of Mr Campbell, of Yarraville, who, with AY Doucli, opened the court. The only case of illegal detention of goods was then called on, and the defendant, Mrs. Truman, forwarded a certificate of ill health. Her husband appeared to present the medical document, which was however useless, and he was allowed to leave the court to search for the doctor. After a delay of half an hour, during which magis trates, legal gentlemen, and reporters, had to sit idle, a messenger was sent for the defend ant, whoreturnedananswerthatshe was too ill to attend. TbeplaintifTssolicitorthenpressed the case, and obtained a verdict. The Newport Gas Company call for fresh tenders for the erection of a gas holder tank, on the company’s site at Newport. The government has decided to build quarters for the sergeant-major of the Wil liamstown Militia, at the Central Battery, aud for that purpose invite tenders, by advertisement. A drill shed, store, boat-shed, and work shop, are to be erected at the Naval Yard, Williamstown, aud tenders for their con struction must be lodged by the 14th Jan uary. Tne works when completed will be the means of absorbing the surplus labor of the town, and increasing the value of property in the vicinity. On Monday the New South Wales team of railway cricketers commence a two days’ match with a like number of Victorian employes, on the Williamstown cricket ground. The play commences on both days at eleven o’clock, and a band will be in attendance. The Central Board of Health have caused to be printed and circulated the appended notice:—“Id view of the approaching holi days, and of the apprehended increase of scarlet fever in Melbourne (as reported by the city health officer), this board desires to remind all persons concerned that anyone knowingly suffering from any dangerous, infectious, or contagious disease (which definition includes scarlet fever), or in charge of any person or child so suffering) ”tvho goes or takes such other person or child without proper precautions into any street or public place, or enters or takes such other person or child into any railway carriage, public con veyance, ship, or vessel, without previous notification of the disease, is liable toapenalty of £5, and expenses of disinfection of such conveyance.” TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL AND STEEL PILLS FOR FEMALES quickly correct all irrogulanties, and relieve the distressing symptoms so provident : with the sex. Boxes Is 1 pi 2s Od., of all chemists, Prepared only by E. T. Towle, Chemist Nottingham, England. Wholesale of all e Wholesale houses Beware of Imitation Trews, met with rribee on Satur. ng horse, when Fer him. Doctor K was telegraphed TWerribee by train, lad much shaken and WSt not otherwise seriou sly in Gcese and duck stealers are as numerous as ever this year, and materfamilias mourns the loss of her succulent Christmas treasure. A gentleman, who has lost three “ Saviours of Home,” has patented the lines, “ When the thief creeps into the fowl-house the goose slides out through the door.” The depth of water in the Yan Yean reservoir last week was 19ft Sin less than that registered after the heavy rains a fort night before. The rate of intake was eight million gallons, and output nineteen million gallons per twenty four hours. The Williamstown Botanical gardens are a pretty sight just now, and should prove a pleasant resort for picnic parties ; while the reserve at the rear is open as a cricket and football ground for the children. A evening journal lately contained an account of a fifteen feet snake, which was killed by a woman with a toma hawk. Up to the present we have refrained from harrowing readers’ feelings with snake stories; but as Williamstown must not be behind the times, the fact that three average sized snakes were killed, on Monday last, in the Batteries, must bo lecorded. ■■ Nearly one hundft'd men arWkt engaged constructing a siding at: the Central Railway Station. The work is very laborious, as a quantity of bluestone has to be cut through. Mr W. H. Croker has been elected a member of the Council of the Law Institute of Victoria. The current number of the Leader has been received. The issue contains a fund of information! It is still believed in official circles that Mr Service will go home to be knighted, and that Mr Berry will become agent general with the prefix of “Sir” Graham. It is no secret that Mr ICerferd is to be the additional judge. Thus the ministry will become “a something” of shreds and patches. The current number of the Illustrated Australian News has been received, and is worthy of special note. The engraving which accompanies it graphically depicts an aborigine’s funeral by moonlight, on the river Murray. The other engravings, to gether with the letter press, are of the usual high class order . Ammunition for the Martini-Henry rifles, to the .extent of 4,000,000 rounds, has been ordered from England by the Minister of Defence. The funds necessary for the pur-: chase of the ammunition have been derived from the sale'of.obsolete military stores. The first four apprentices, under the regu lations published in our last issue, have been engaged by the naval commandant. It is expected that the full number required will be readily forthcoming, but the commandant will only accept lads of good character. The Newport and Braybrook junction liue will be opened for traffic in the course of a few weeks. It is destined to have a most important effect upon the shipping interest in Williamstown, by largely augmenting the output of wool, grain, and other products. The Harbor Trust offer a reward of £10 for information that will convict the person or persons who broke adrift, the black perch buoyant the mouth of the Ibarra, on or about the Gtli insjtant. > The current number of the A lliance Iiecot d, which gives the usual epitome of temperance news, is acknowledged. The annua! apportionment of the Hospital Saturday and Sunday collections is announced as under:—Melbourne Hospital, £2,S09 16s Hi; the Alfred Hospital, £1,294 lSs 9d; the Benevolent Asylum, £905, Ss 5d ; tae Lying-in-IIosptal £S41 12s 4d; the Hospital for Sick Children, £1,019 Is; the Eye, and Ear Hospital, £4SS 11s 3d; the Honveopathie Hospital, £345 15s 2d; the Austin Hospital for Incurables, £984 Ss 3d; the Immigrants’ Aid Society, £3S0 7s lid. Special votes irrespective of subscription lists were set apart for the Calhngwood Dispensary (£75) and the ■ Richmond Dispensary (£50). Arrangements are being made with the treasurer, who is absent from the-colony, for the issue of cheques to the institutions at the earliest date possible. I The acclimatiser of the sparrow, rabbit, for, and other pests, has anew craze. He wants to import and let loose the Cape “ butcher bird.” It is sincerely hoped, this enthusiast’s scheme for increasing the feathered tribe of the colony will be nipped in the bud. The “ butcher bird” is one of the most deadly enemies of the bush songster, and is capable of decimating a whole grove of birds in a few weeks. His habits are peculiar, he is never satisfied, and kills his game both by day and night. Swooping upon his victim lie rends it to pieces, and then hangs it on a branch to dry, while he looks for another bird to treat similarly. Files by the last mail contain the informa tion that Major-General Steward, who acts as inspector of military stores for the Vic torian and other Australian Governments in England, recently recommended that the calibre of the three 9in. breech-loading guns which have been ordered for the Victorian Defences should be increased to the service calibre of 9 2-10in., and that service pro jectiles should be used in connection with them. He pointed out that one great advautage of the change would be that in the future projectiles for the guns would be procurable from the Royal Arsenal at Woolwich, instead of specially from the manufacturers, and lie also stated that his recom mendation ivas in comformity with the views of the director of artillery for the Imperial Government, who desired that the colonies should always conform to the service patterns n the matter of calibre. He added that when the hydro-pneumatic carriages, upon which the guns mentioned were to be mounted, were first designed for heavy guns, it was considered necessary to use light shot and very heavy powder charges, but it had now been found that the service shot could be used with the higher charge of powder necessary for the hydro-pneumatic principle. On inquiry, it was ascertained from Sir Wm. Armstrong and Co., who were instructed to make the heavy guns, that the calibre could be altered as recommended without adding "to the cost of the weapons, and it was decided that the change should be made. DECLINE OF MAN. Nervous Weakness, Dyspepsia, Impotence, Sexuas Debi uy, ■ cured by '* Wells’ Health Ronewcr.1’ At Druggist. \Felton, Grimwade and Co, Agonts Melbonmov^ “Foa The BlOod~'-is the Life."-* CLARK'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURES is warranted to cleanse tbe blood from\all impurities from what ever canso arising. For Scrofula. Scurvy, Skin and Blood Diseases, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of tbstimooials. Sold in bottles, 2s 9,1. and 11s. each by lOhemists and Potent Medicine Vendors everywhere! Sole Proprietor Tmt Lincoln and Midland' CounTias Diiuo Go Lincoln, England. / The clock at the Central Railway Station stopped for its holidays on Monday. A joker suggested that it he removed to the refreshment rooms and labelled “ no During the hot days of last week the locusts were singing merrily in the trees in the various streets of the borough. This is the first time for many years that these pests have visited Williamstown, and their presence indicates the appearance of hot weather. Andrew Lutnsden, a seamen belonging to the barque Clydebank, was sent to goal for twelve hours, on Saturday, by the Williams town bench, for wilfully disobeying the law ful commands of the master of the vessel The Williamstown division of the Naval Brigade were given their last drill for the present quarter, on Saturday afternoon, at the drillrooin. The 32-pounder guns, lately landed from H.M.S. Nelson, were manned, and the men given an instructive afternoon’s The Wyndham Shire Council is calling for tenders for the erection of a timber bridge over the Werribee Hirer. The bridge will supply a long felt want. The first large drapery and millinery establishment in Newport, opened by Mr J. T. Goldsbrough, is advertised in thra^Sue. The shop should prove a convenience tOT^e inhabitants of that rising suburb. Mr. John Gillett, waterman, street, performed a plucky act afternoon, at Sandridge. A boai -with two men - Sandridge pier, aut>-./™Ettp watermen, put off in the heavy sea, and rescued the whole party. As this is not the first occasion by many that Gillett has saved life at the risk of his own, his conduct should be brought under the notice of the Humane Society. Attention is directed to the special adver tisement of Messrs Mclndoe and Co., whose Christmas specialties require testing to be appreciated. “Velocipedestrianistiealistinarianologists ’ are invited, by announcement, to call and inspect Mr C. Holmberg’s Christmas exhibition of incomprehensibilities. Complaints reach us daily of the thistle pest, and it is really too bad that the Council do not take steps to abate the nuisance. The Military road, around the entire length of the Esplanade and Victoria street, is almost obliterated, and this splendid promenade will be lost to our visitors during the holidays. Surely a day labourer could be spared by the Council to do the necessary weeding. It has been rumoured for some time past that the P. and 0. and Orient line of steamers proposed sending their ships to Sandridge instead of Williamstown. We have made inquiries, and find there is no truth in the statement made. - - At the Williamstown Court on Thursday, a vagrant named Henry Jervis'Styles was sent to gaol for fourteen days. Michael Ahern* charged with passiog a valueless cheque on Mr. Jas. Adams, bootmaker, of Nelson place, was remanded for a week. The Williamstown Borough Council have adjourned for three weeks, and will hold their next meeting on the fifth January. A seaman of the ship Aviemore, named Oscar Watzwagger, who was granted bail on Wednesday to appear at the Williamstown Court on Thursday, to answer a charge of resisting and assaulting the police, absconded from his bail, which has been estreated. A warrant was issued for Watzwagger’s arrest. A thief entered the yard of Mr. T. D. Hammond on Weduesday evening, and purloined two-geese. Tenders are called; by advertisement, foij the erection of banking premises, for the CommercialjjBank, at Newport. During the northerly gale on Wednesday morning, several ballast crafts dragged their moorings, and numerous small boats were sunk. No casualties were reported. A lad named James Thompson, residing with his parents in Douglas parade, while playing on the Railway pier, on Wednesday morning, met with a painful accident. The boy was knocked down by a truck, which ran over his foot and severely crushed it. Dr. Figg attended the sufferer, and, dressed the wound. The accident should be taken as a caution to those parents who allow their children to play about the piers. A horse, attached to a light traveller’s buggy, bolted along the Melbourne road on Tuesday morning, and was pluckily stopped by a quarryman, who refused to give his name, or accept any reward. The trap contained Bamples of glassware, which escaped almost uninjured. Messrs Allen and Gove advertise their price list for photos. The firm’s “ flying branch ” is a portable roomy hall, with glass roof for the purpose of securing a good light, and is situated close to the Gem pier. On Sunday morning a large seal was noticed disporting itself near the baths. A number of lads at once assailed the visitor with stoues, and it made off down the bay, in the direction of Point Cook. At first .the animal was believed to be one of the sea lions which lately arrived in the American barque Jarsolfarer, but on iuquiry such was found not to be the case. The capture of the stranger would prove a welcome addition to the Melbourne Aquarium, and a harvest for a lucky fisherman. About three months ago a seal was observed alongside the Port Melbourne pier, and an unsuccessful attempt made to capture it. A “ real live” Hobson’s Bay seal would be a curiosity that would amply repay its possessor. A serious stabbing affray took place in the bay on Sunday evening, on board the ship Newman Hall, lying near Sandridge. A quarrel arose amougstthecrew,when a sailor, named Emil Burbaul, stabbed a shipmate named’ Frank Patterson in the chest. The wounded man was taken to the hospital for medical treatment, and his assailant was lodged in the Sandridge lock-up, on a charge of maliciously wounding with intent to kill. 