MISCELLANEOUS. There will be a loan balance of £1,623,000 available on January 1. The Barossa water scheme has been rejected by a majority of 20. The prorogation of Parliament took place on Friday last. A shock of an earthquake was felt in Jamestown on Saturday evening last. The Rev. W. Clare, pastor of the Angaston Union Church, died on Sunday last. For three weeks' work at the New Era Mine, Woodside, 250 OZ3. of gold have been obtained. Mr. P. Manifold, of 'Victoria, has died and left behind him £330,000 for his mani fold friends. During September the imports of the colony were £1,450,214, and the exports £597,382. The proposal to build a ship railway across Ceutral America is being leyived. Cost, fifteen millions sterling. The average wheat yield this season in the colony will be, according to Mr. S. D. Glyde, M.P., about three bushels per acre. Mr. Landseer's motion in favor of pros pecting the Ecbunga gold-fields has been pafsed iu the Assembly. The sum of £80,000 has been passed as tbe first instalment towards the Beetaloo water scheme. The steamer Dorunda, -with immigrants, has arrived at Townsville, Queensland, with cholera on board. Several have died from the dieease. The Treasurer hopes to reduce the deficit, which was £709,240 last June, to £497,327 by June 30, 1880. Can he accomplish the feat ? We trow not. A waggon load of furniture worth £200 while being removed from Adelaide to Brighton took fire, and the furniture and waggon were destroyed. Twenty-seven hands were dismissed from tbe Government printing office lately, wbicb perhaps accounts for the Gazette being less bulkv lately. The Hon. S. Tomkinson says that the country Press is equal in ability and charac ter, if not superior, to that of the City. We blush ! A petition has been presented to the Assembly, signed by J. Clements on behalf of 1,200 citizens of Adelaide asking for work for the unemployed. The motions of Mr. Caldwell for the es tablishment of a national bank of issue aud the abolition of the auction system have been erased from the notice paper. A paper piano has been manufactured at Paris. The material for the case wag com pressed and took a perfect polish, and the tone of the instrument, though not loud, was very sweet — a soft, full, quasi con tinuous sound, resembling somewhat that of the organ. Mr. Rees says ' Bishop Reynolds was sensational, Deau Russell fussy and vacil lating, Mr. Searle caluuiuiously libellous, the Rev. R. M. Hunter rankly hypocritical, Mr. C. H. Goode ruobishy, and the Rev. J. C. Kirby illogical' on the Social Purity Question. When Prince Alexander was offered the throne of Bulgaria, and came to ask Bis marck whether he should accept the honor, he received for answer — so at least it wan given at the time : ' Oh, certainly, by all means ; it will always be a pleasant memory for you, even if you don't etay long there.' A considerable decrease is reported to have occurred iu the arrival of foreign vessels in the port of St. Petersburg, in con sequence of the increased customs tariff. During this summer only 1,472 vessels arrived, as compared with an average num ber of 3,000 vessels in previous years. Says a Melbourne writer : — ' Talk about the lion lying with the lamb! That is nothing to an event which occurred in Mel bourne last week. The . Brewers' Em ployes' Eight Hours Association chose the Temperance Hall iu which to hold their annual social. That is beer assisting water, and water helping beer, and no mistake. No doubt the brewers1 em ployes are all total abstainers.' A very curious thing (a Madrid corres pondent writes) seems to have occurred at EcijH, province of Seville. A thunderstorm passed over the town, and two hours after it had ceased upwards of 3,000 persons were attacked by diarrhoea and vomittiug, and all the symptoms of cholera. Two thou sand more were attacked the day after. Ail these persons were completely prostrated for 24 hours, but recovered without any deaths occurring among them. The Sydney Globe relates the following story : — A story is told of one of our sheriff* officers. The sheriff sent him a scire facias with iustructiou that if the defendant could not be found to leave a copy at his last place of residence. When the officer reached tbe neighborhood he found that the defendant was dead. After reading tbe instructions carefully again he crept into the graveyard aud quietly laid the copy on tbe defendant's grave. The return tead as follows : — ' Served by leaving copy on de fendant's last residence.' Instead of a craze for old china, there 16 now a craze for old silver. It is not un common aow to see a silver wine-cooler made the base of a velvet or satin pin cushion, and used on toilet-table or work table. All kinds of old silver ornaments are being raked out of oblivion — book clasps, waist buckles, and the like; and these, joined together, are made to form mirror or photograph frames on a back ground of dark velvet. Ever; kind of old silver nick-nack is now laid out on tables in drawing-rooms. The mania is a very harm less one, aud will bring many curious old relics into the light of day. The other day at Middlesborough a Dr. Strathern appeared as a witness at petty ses sions, but declined to take an oath, ou tbe ground ' that it was a very serious thing to isiss a book which wag bandied by all kinds of people.' After some argument, the doctor offered, by way of compromise, to kiss the boak if a clean sheet of. paper were placed ever the cover. The bench declined to accede to this, or to allow the doctor to make an affirmation, and eventually he con sented, under protest, to 'run the risk of catching disease.' Arrangements ought certainly to be made at ouce for disinfecting the Testaments in all courts of justice. An ingenious invention has been per fected by a Tesmanian farmer in order that his -working horses may be certain to get their early morning feed whether the driver gets ftp in time or not. It is well known that it is no use leaving fodder for the morning meal in tbe manger all tbe night, for the hotse, afier breathing on it so long, takes a disgust to it and leave it. So Mr, Forsyth, of Bridgewater, Tasmania, set himself to work out an alarum clock for the stable, which at a given hour drops the chaff and fodder into all the stable stalls of bis eight horses, and this it lias done now for six months past and as reliably as if a man had been told off for that purpose, On September 10, about 4 in the afternoon, according to a Swedish news paper {the Selsingen), a swallow surprised the laborers Ljupvik sawmill, by flying into the mill and alighting on an empty truck, where she remained quietly crouched up, and not only evincing uo fright at being ap proached, but even allowing herself to be taken. When tbe man who held her in one hand stroked her with the other, an insect crept out from amongst the feathers, some what resembling a spider, but not a common one. The swallow kept quite still until the insect was removed, when hardly did she feel herself free from her tormentor before she took wing, and, chirping gaily, flew out into the open air. A fatal accident has happened at Bom bala, says a Sydney journal. A boy named Lawless, 15 years of age, shot his eister, 12 years of age, through tbe heart. Death was instantaneous. The boy and bis father in returning home called on a married sister. The boy remained there, and his sister went outside to get water, when tbe boy, in a joke, stood at the back door with a gun, intending to frighten his sister, and saying that he would shoot her he pulled the trigger, and she gun went off. The boy thought the gun was unloaded, and since the occurrence he has been almost mad. At the coroner's inquest a verdict of man slaughter against the boy was returned. The Sporting Times is responsible for this first-class joke about a first-class comic singer: — Tears and years ago, before Arthur Roberts bad climbed to the lofty pinnacle of fame which be at present oc cupies, he was on a tour with a party of temperance handbell ringers, aud for the look of the thing, when they were sojourn ing in a town, Arthur and another equally consistent blue-ribbonite used to journey out to an adjacent village for refreshment. It must have been raiher a jar for the local teetotallers when the proprietor of the hostelry hung out a big placard to this effect : — ' If the two Good Templars do not claim their regalia which they left here last Sunday, they will be sold to pay for the beer which was not settled for.' Referring to tbe visit of the Wanderers to Apsley, the correspondent of the Hamil ton Spectator says : — ' The Wanderers * came, saw, and conquered,' giving our men a great drubbing; Apsley making 108 and the Wanderers 240 for the loss of four wickets. However, if it is any consolation, they defeated Narracoorte and Penola just as easily. The veteran Mullagh, for Apsley, played a good innings for 39, the caich that disposed of him being a most brilliant one, at long leg. The principal scorer for the Wanderers was H. Daven port with 106 not out, a very lucky hard hitting innings. Evidently the safest place he could put the ball was into a fieldsman's bands, judging by the catches that were missed off him.' An exchange Company's telegram, dated Gibraltar, Friday, states: — The bastinado ing of a young woman in Tangier, news of which has juet reached Gibraltar, has caused intense indignation. The flogging was ordered by a Moorish official, who compelled the husband and father of the girl, with their arms tied, to be present while the outrage was perpetrated. The victim was afterwards taken to the house of an English lady, who carefully nursed her, and who will probably take charge of her till her confinement. The British residents have petitioned their Minister to interfere, and are agitating for a foreign protectorate. There are rumors of an insurrection in consequence of the con tinuous cruelty of the Bashaw, who is responsible for this outrage. The trainer of Hermit for his Derby suc cesses, George Bloss, died at Newmarket a few weeks age. The news recalls the events of that most sensational race, concerning which the following story is told : — Captain Machell, as the world is aware, was manag ing Mr. Chaplin's horses, and though there had been no actual misunder landing be tween Lord Hastings and Captain Mnchell, the circumstances of tbe case made it natural that there should have been no in tercourse between them. Lord Hastings stood to win a large fortune on his own animal, -ind did not for a moment ap prehend the faintest danger from Hermit, wbo was generally believed to be unfit, given to breaking blood-vessels, and al together without the ghost of a chance. Before the race, however, Captain Machell met Lord Hastings, and told him that the public impression about Hermit was en tirely wrong, that the horse was not only well, but, in spite of the price, exceedingly likely to win, and begged him to save some of tbe money on Mr. Chaplin's colt, point ing out that a very small outlay would, in the event of success, bring in a large stake, for Hermit started at 66 to 1. Lord Hast ings refused, vowing that nothing could make him believe that Hermit was worth consideration. How Hermit won, and the hearer of the crimson and white hoops was defeated, turf history relates. Lord Hast ings was practically ruined ; but neverthe less, he was among the first to congratulate Captain Machell, nnd to thank him for the advice he had proffered. A correspondent writes to an English eporting journal : — ' Reading your anecdotes of runaway horses puts me in mind of a story I have often beard when a boy, wbich happened to a fast Coach that ran between two towns in the West Midlands some 46 or 50 years ago. As was customary, the coach pulled up at a small public- house four miles from the town on the last stage to put down parcels, &c.; The only pas senger was a gentleman, sitting behind with the guard. The coachman (a man I well remember, and a firat-elaes whip) got down for a minute to warm himself, as it was a dark, cold winter evening, about 8 p.m. ; he came back promptly, took hold of bis reins, and with his foot on the box of the wheel called out 'right.' The ostler let the leaders' heads go, and by some mishap the coach mau lost his footing, and was flung on to his back ia the road. The guard, who was in the act of swinging himself up, henring the coachman fall, jumped down, and away went the reins on the ground — the passenger, finding no conchman, got down, and was considerably damaged by landing on bis bands and knees in the road. Tiie horses continued their way at, I fancy, a faster pace than usual ; went through two turnpikes which were open, acioas a narrow bridge over a river, and through a still narrower old JMorman gateway in the middle of the main street of the town, pulled up opposite the hotel as was cus tomary, but having come faster than usual, and no horn being eounded, nobody was out in tbe street ; finding nobody to meet them, the horses started on again to the top of the street, round two vary sharp corners, into a very narrow street, and pulled up at their own stables safe and sound, without the least damage to coach or horses.' 