THE BURIED FORESTS OF NEW JERSEY. Novel Industry of the Dennlsvilliaxk. Four miles beyond Woodbine, out on the sandy stretch of old sea bottom or beach that is named the Gape May Peninsula, we came upon Dennis ville, whereallthe Dennises of all time had evidently settled. 44 We re all in the loggin' business," said a tall, thin Dennis, yet as far as the eye could reach not a tree could be seen standing that would make even the ghost of a fair log. 4 4 They ain't a growinV continued the man. ''They're underground. We dig for them or spear them, as yon might say. Here's the tool," and. stepping into a low hut, he brought oat a crovrbar that, like everything else, seemed attenuated and was stretched out into a long, slender- pointed rod. w We 1 wade along," continued the man. " and probe with this feeler, and when we strike a log we feel around, and if it is a good one we dig her up, and if it ain't we let her soak ; that's about the way of it." 44 So in Jersey yon barrow for your logs ?" 41 That's about it," replied the man. 41 You know, we're obliged to be a whit odd or so ; we've got the name of it, onny- how." The secret of this business " said my friend, the geologist, 4,is that ages ago all this area was covered with a fine growth of large trees, aud tbe same are found growing in some parte of the swamp yet, but they have died ont and fallen down and sunk in to the soft mild, and so been covered up by mould and mud, until many other layers have grown over them bnt in some remarkable way the wood is preserved, and these sunken ancient logs are just as good for shingles and other articles as they were when alive ; hence for many years there has been a steady hunt for them, and Dennis ville is a result of the industry. To the botanist the tree is the evergreen white cypresB and the numbers that once grew over this swamp' and that have been entombed are beyond conception. The trees upon or near the surface are the only ones available and fortunately are the best, bnt far below there are probably myriads of others turned to stone and representing the past geological ages of the earth. The logs are worked out by the men who are nick-named 4 Swampoodles,' and 'who live in the malarious district all their lives. "When a log is foand a ditch is made about it, into which the water soon flows. A great saw is then applied and tbe roots removed, and as a rule, the log will rise to the surface and can be cut up and carried off, though in many localities the shingles are made right on the spot and dragged over the swamps on roads, in many cases, made of boughs and twigs. This curious business is not confined to New Jersey, bnt over in Delaware and Maryland there are similar swamps, where the shingle business has been carried on for years. One of the swamps in Delaware extends over twenty-five square miles, aud hardly a bouse in Sussex County but what is shinded from the ancient deposit. '' — Correspondence Philadelphia Times. 