Dream Amy. A RECORD OF SOME EXPERIENCES OF A BARRISTER AT LAW. By John lb Gat Bbereton, M.D. Chapteh I. It is a week to-day since we burled our little Amy — our only child— four years old the day she died. Ji seem a to lift somewhat from my load of gloom to sit down and write the story of my grief. 1 know that such grisf is common enough, but it is new to every one on whom it falls; and on me it has fallen with a crushing weight. There is some thin? in our case, too. which I am not sure is quite common ; and I desire to record certain particulars while Btill fresh m my memory, and eo preserve them for further consideration in mlmer moments. So I write the starv of mi oriof Mi grief'; for, on reviewing my past experience, I cannot recall that I ever had a grief till now. The tenor of my life has been, I suppose, exceptionally even aud felicitous. I early achieved a sufficient success in my profession, as indeed we barristers in Sydney very commonly do. My father was generous, and not only allowed me to study at Cambridge but furnished me with ample means to travel before I settled down for life in my native city. 'Now, while you are young,' he used to say, ' is the time to see the world and enjoy what you see.' 2 married the girl I loved, the sister of a college chum, the life and light of her homo— a ramb ling old inaBor-hou£e embosomed in ' immemorial woods in tho fait eat nook of flowery Devon. 'A rosebud (not) set with wilful little thorns,' but *' sweet as English air could make her.' She was the tutelary angel of the village. There was not a man, woman, or child who* did not feel a kind of proprietorship in her, and regard her with the pride which attaches to possession. ' Our Lady Hester ' was the name by whidi :«he was known to young and old. She was little more than a child when as man and wife we eel Bail for the home which, with no stinting hand, had been provided for us in sunny Australia. Within easy dis ance of numerous friends and relatives, our house had never been.-dnD; but since the* birth of our little Amy we had simply bathed rathe perpetual sunshine of uninterrupted and.-nndondad bliss. In -short, our few years of oarrisd life had been like one loDg summer holiday. Those who ? ft fin what a. iwffrtt ^TffT¥.^**fl tfflritJfHt rii'Jd—thKjy'idaif Iove-4 fa a Itanse, ino^ wiwt W8 have isat. To those who have- not jsaiised that- joy no dweaptic.n of mine eoald convey any idea of it. At is needless, -veers it passible, for tue to d wxibe wb*t our bright and lovely shiid has been to , us. Hastaenv Y-in, Abe wards must be written; our&xara; of fey U a. taking ol «iw pasi. . There bad teen nrosn talk, and «be herself hai been not a little dated about her cooanar birthday f attl-th&jcranJ-; c&3drens* 3 tzbflee which was to celeorate it. She had .gone totted a fiuk lavetwo, bat fms Wi«i.*teibttte.3 tohar ehildiab, eyntemt- nt «nd caused no aUirin- Be&re; maraiag she was mexcru.^i£ag pdo. Dr. Hector, onr aear neifrhbour and. aa in.'imate fnuad, whs quisfcty in aTtendan.T3, and prr, jiounod-tne cise rolkusiarory ani not uoattended with. ** da&ger;, bat did not. seem to be w.riaosly «l*nned- R«?r ^c^icie fortitude and quiet acgniaaoKi^ fn. whatever wa» Tiqairidof h&rthsBw; us off oor gnaiOL — -'ran amongst ias ren. ^Although it was- evidently a tral fb her, she look her onedietmis and aucU. ivnA. as wks pce*caU-^d with unsnmpiaiji iBfr 8iibmi-»iv-Hnfji*. ^JUe appeared somewhat better towards . the evening of the «ewod day, Ths doctor saw her about *nit1o»-u oad sn--ke kopefaliy of Jner Mae. A few hoars later, after & vx »Fertt pcroxfun, the pain suddenlv ceased^: thefliwhof fever Jeft her beaatifal faatttrea; she aeuie&. Jbertof isto a aMnral attitude, and want off into a quiet doze. On awaking- abedeelared hftteeB better, and we aijj 'thougtitheT so. It w±&M.brtuf; iiltuiua^&cIn.aleisrjsiBntes;: her »i!d. sweet prattle and ringoUtr faw*« exited srar alarm. She requeued every ioraate of ttm house, indndicg' :hercaiiarv and i-et -kittOL, to bi brought -to.her he4*Mtjt- that she m!£iit.bkl theai all go ,d-nigh.t. . CiaspuK myneek, anf drawing- jar in? ad down to her, she .fl-iid, **? Don't be aocry, papi. £ Aiu not gotng to sl^ep hece to-m»ht*'t ' What,TU*ke's you a«y so, birdie F ° I replied. ° 'Yarn. are in your onu litile cot, aad hae ia 'mi'im at jour sida,' ' Ths Beantifiil Lsdy told moea,' .wisher anas-erv ggmT I sbjdlbe qoile wall in the Buormnjc-' \- 8he geatty but decMedly rsl ussd aE food and martinm*^ n plying- whenever it was ptesei upon her, '*- Ida not wwnt it ; I-shdli be qaite well in. the moBoag/3' I thought her sweet fa*'*'' sas ddixium. aTtfrnr^rfi «Jny seemed quite free from fever, sad was ralm «m3 eiliecfedk. Of course we huimsot for the dorfor. Whan lie axrl«4! she SHid, M I'ni pUd yoa'v-e corns hack, Victor; 1 dil not bid you good night. I am not going to steep her*. ta~ night.' He made some eodeatirjg reply— for, Eke all who knew her, he lovtd cur Amy — but i sav by his fjtce that wuna eerinns change h»i tdcenplaci. Wo fttepped out together iirte an. a5 jotning; roam. H* could ill eonbeal his emotion, larmtt »rr«atn».iMm»n»i£— - we were more fban brtrtriEra, Rec?or«nAI, Placing; Ms: hand upon my shoulder, he said, vou nmst 4e«rit bzasdf my dear fellow.' 'Bheie not,'I^aspad, ' surely ehfiw not ? 'iatt couid.say no more. ' ? *' Yes,' roplieJ die doctor, with .Bmder firmneaa, wniso. I could Bee cost him an effort— ?* Mortification has set is.; ?slifi is dying.' '? And the mother f ' I asked. 'It will be best for you to break it yourself. She wiUba under lest) restraint, And if she cm weep she will be safe* I will call early in the morning, but it will bℓ ofertie&ro; -then.'' . « When 1 returned to the sick room it saw my wife en frm* knees banding over die little patient, who had iiarazias round her neck. The child saw me enter, andeaidiathe fame sweet calm voice with which she had spoken ever tfince the fatal change, — 'The Beautiful Lady has been again, papa; l fnail Do quite well mine morning. ' The mother looked at me with wistful, enquiring- evea. I baasrl^rhat the look-me«nt, and bendtBg-downl jdased her brow and said, ''Yes.' And the child said ' Yea.' And the mother 'dssel her pale lips and said ' Yes.' Again our little darling fall into a quiet dope. When Bbe awoke the grey light of dawn lit d'ralytiie casement of hat room. ' lift me,' she eaid. Her mo&er; raised the Tiltte head into her lap. Turning tow«rdB the oa-%msnt she opensd her eyas wide, so wide, — great wondering «yes — for« moment. Then the lids fell suddenly; the head dropped upon the breast ; and we knew that the light of our Itfenafl gone out. Onjkf TBtt H. ' - I sat dazed for a while ; I think a good time; 'tow long I do not know. When *I first took note of things my wife was kneeling with her headMrifcd in the pOtow by the still face of what bad been our Amy. I saw that she was weep ing, and I know that she was-pmying, and prajing for rue. I stole Boftty out of the room* saying to myself, '* Xhsi^s one to Faith.' I was stunned. 1 could neither think nbr act. 1 walked automaticajly nnto our darling*'* nunmx-y. There were her little boots, her clothe?, £er toys, tar kitten, her canary. They seemed to mook me. 'To what purpose are all these things;? ' I eaid to mjseif. ' To what purpose is anything ? To what purposo are we P* I stepped out through the open casement uponihe lawn ; the flowers, spangled witli dew, were lifting S*jeir beads to fhe - rising eun. The morning was as fresh, clear, wad bright as morning can be. The distant iiarhour shimmered thntuea the waving trees, and the bright hills beyond flung -back the ?clear light of the Australian sunrise. ' TMs is gouig to be what people call a beautiful day' I said bitterly. ?? To what end? To what end? Why flat? Why toil P Why surround ourselves with ilowers. or books, orpictnres, or anything else? They ai© the child's toys over again ; the gewgaws of a jet more futile illusion. Above, (below, around I saw nothing but death. The whole world looked ?funereal and grimly ludiorons. My breast shook with » xonvulsivfi, stifled, joylws laugh. As soon as I wasAblesto control myself Icaturnedto £tt ^Chamber of death. Mv wife hpa.nl ntvannrnanTh afiMifliw as it was, and, rising to meet me, she 1sidoaer*heBd-tnmy (breast aud said, ' Iamaowny foryou-darfinR : itntind, hard for you, but we mnst bear it bravely.' Z could mafct no reply, but thought ' What else can we do hut bear it it and all the rest ?' I think we did not fully realisa our Ions until after the funeral. Till then there was sdU a kind of presence, eves, in the lifeless hedy of our darling. The last rites were performed by our friend Dr. Broad. Broad bad a sort of institutional position in our family. H* came to the colony somefifty years ago, and wasfiarson ol our district before it was a district, if I may be allowed tht Hib^mtanistu. He married my father and mother, and bap tised all their numerous children. ' Our family would regard no gathering, and especially no celebration, as complete and * constitutional without the presence and countenance of dear old Broad. Ab a matter of course he returned to the house - and spent the rest of the day with us. He is a parson of fhe old school ; sociable, scholarly, and unobtrusive. I think he was a little aoUcitouB for me on account of my reticence and sullen gloom. When the heat ot the day began to subside ho proposed a walk. I mechanically assented, for it was indifferent co me what I did or what I did not. He talked about many tilings in which he Imew I took interest, and I appreciated his kindness ; but the same question arose in my mind in response to everything he said — kindness or nnkindnsee were equally suggestive of the one dominant idea, * To what end? to what end?' I saw clear enough that the old man was all the dme merely beating about the bush, and that his kiud heart yearned to give me some little word of comfort, which his delicacy— for he knew my opinions — would net allow him to obtrude without some warranty' on my part. It would have been churlish not to give him ths opportunity he sought. We had reached an iinence which commanded a fine view of ?bush, harbour, -far-retreating promontory, and illimitable blue sea beyond. 'We bad walked « good way, and were not -sorry for a pretext toseat ourselves upon the fragrant and springy turf. After a moment's silence, looking vacantly into the clump of flowering heath .at my feet, 1 s*id, *' &\- the illusion is broken at last'' \-- I think I know to what you allude : voa mean €he illusion that, that ? ' ' The illusion, the romance, thatj.I~rand my brave wife had a cm' Id,' 1 replied— for I saw that he was in « dilemma how to put his surmise —'that we had a life-long object of - interest and love, four last 'kind ^offices fasve closed the book, doctor; I suppose wmutf place *t«n Ifceshelf far ever.*' ? . ' The Oludon, my dear friend, mayBe fn ftm Buppoc tisn fltatyoa have her no longer ?«? an »b]ect«f love and interest.' JJli_,, „, *' Thn ; wnnffttrr5— ? He opens his ease akHfully,' I ju^^i't^|j[*k^^AM^^M|^£d£h*MU4f ^L MaAmJL ^|SBJS woke in my breast that he might be going to follow up this fcautious approach with some piece of experience which might render not unreasonable the belief which to many blindly entertain in a future life. ? « Your experience,' 1 rejoiced, M ha*, of course, been widely different to tny own. Tell meplainly, do you know tnjrtiog which makes it probable that I may eee my child ejkeinf' ?-?-?- ?? In these matterB,' he replied, '«. we necessarily walkjbj £aith and not by Bight. The time and conditions for know ledge, as yon use «he ternijiave not yet come to youand me^ therefore we are told, to cheer us through our promtionary d& state, that what we know not now we shall know here sP^k After ' ** The plain and cbef rlfss purport of which is, yon know no more than I do. We shall know if we sball know ? fck- yon see, dear doctor, we are radically agned. You are an agnostic not less than mrsolf ; the difference lies only in the names we give to our entire absence of knowledge. I call it ignorance, total and complete ignoracco ; you call it faith.' 41 But I moBt sincerely ard firmly believe in a future life.' ?*« Yes, and this time last week I most truly and sincerely believed myself in the possession of a priceless and life-long j«y — illusions both.' . . ?? I think you will at least adroit that yon were happier in what you deem your illusion than you are cow in your presumed disillusion.' , . 'That may be; although, as I cm still reeling from a How, I am not in a position to judge; but evenit be so that docs not prevent the inevitable desire to know the truth, be the Knowledge bitftr or sweet in its fruite. It does not mato the illusion U ss ilhuive, or the disillusion avoidable.' , *? It seems to me,' replied my friend, 'that the true qii fmnce between us lies in this, th*t I beliwe you will f ome day know what you ere now ignorant of, and that you believe ih?re is nothing to be fcnown.' ' . u That is fairly enough put, but I confess I thought it just possible you might know what I do not. If by a word you could dispel my doubts you would speak that word. You have no such word at jour command. As to tae earnestness of belief, tbat no more establishes Us object than the sincerity of doubt proves a negation.' ' But we each of us hold a belief rone the less. The event will demonstrate one or the other in due time.' 'If am wrong events will no doubt prove roe to be eo ; but if 1 be light 1 shall not be able to claim any triumph for we stall simply pass from ignoianceinto oblivion.' My friend could not suppress a' smile at the grim advan ' tige implied.. 'It's heads I win, tails you lose,' ho said. 18 But, seriously,' be continued, ' you cio not put your case quite fully. The transition you anticipate is not simply from ignorance into oblivion , but from ignorance into nothing 'ness, which seems to me to involve a paradox. I cannot conceive that which is something ever becoming nothing.' ' To make your position good you must first show that the mind is something apart from matter. That is the very question on which I thought it possible you might throw some light. Again, your argument, that because the phe nomena wo call mind have existed connected with an indi vidnal experience they must always continue fio to exist ? (notwithstanding the extinction of the body as an individual exis(enco) applies equally to the lower animals as to man.' ' That is a consideration which has often puzzltd me; but jpe know so little.' * 11 True,' I replied, ' we are both ao-nostics, but as our ignorance still leaves us our doubts, I supbose we mutt be allowed aleo still to entertain our hopes, u we have any. It is only when we dogmatise on matters outside ourex pcrience, and persuade ourselves tbat we know whefjpe do not know, or deny the pofcsibility of others knowing because we are ourselves ignorant, asserting like Hamlet's mother in the presence of the ghost, invisible to her but visible to Bamlet, « I see nothing yet all that is I see,' that agnosti cism becomes, instead of a candid confession, an absolute idolatry of ignorance. Of odo thing 1 have no misgiving— that it is to the interests of mankind to know the truth, let it make what havoc it may with cur pretty card-houses and temples of miet'r I dropped my old friend at the parsonage-gate. He had at least, done mn this much good— roused me out of my stupor, and turned my thoughts somewhat toward their ? normal channel again. 