CHAPTER XXXVIII.-" DARKNESS FOB LIGHT, AND LIGHT FOB DARKNESS." Ishmael walked home in the calm morning air, through the silent sleeping city, where the only signs of life were in the region of the great central markets and on the quays and bridges, across which the great waggons were slowly creeping, laden with the produce of distant fields and gardens, farms and orchards. To him this aspect of newly-awakened Paris was of all her aspects the; most familiar. He loved the quiet of her streets in the clear morning light. He had walked from harrier to barrier, across all the width of the city, on many a summer morning, when his mind was full of some now scheme, and he had to flight his way through the mechanical difficulties of the work, to strike out new paths, to overcome obstacles that had barred tho pro gress of his predecessors in the same kind of work. To-day it was not of some great combination of stone and iron that ho had to think-the thoughts that agitated him were of Hs own life and his own destiny, and. interwoven with that life and destiny the fate of the woman he adored. Lifo and love smiled upon him all in a moment, after lons: years of shadow and gloom. All things were well with him, save this new peril which had come upon him like a thunderclap in tho midst of his delight the peril of bloodshed, tho chance of slaying his old enemy, or being slain by him. For years he had waited for his chance, had courted the oppor tunity, had held himself cheated, in so much as his own honour and his wife's sin romainod un avenged. And now the hour of vengeance had struck-and it seemed'-to him an evil hour. Could he recoil from the chance when itofforod? Ho remembered his challenge to the seducer, the pencilled scrawl thrust into the frame of tho looking-glass. "Was this challenge to provo but an idle threat, because of the passage of time ? There aro wounds that time can heal, wrongs that time can lessen j but not such a wound or such a wrong as this. Yet what a work had timo dono since the hour of Paquerotto's flight. Time, tho avengor j what a wreck had tinie(niade of his enemy ! That hag gard ashen, faco with its hollow oyes and hedlow cheeks' haunted him like the face of the very dead. It was like an awful caricature-a gastly Wiertz picture-of the man he had known years ago the poet, the jester, a little faded hy a life of late hours and intellectual labour, full of joyousness and keen zest for pleasure. Now what a wreck ! what a pale shadow of that brilliant youth ! Ishmael's heart sank as he pictured the meeting with that ruin of a mau. Sword in hand, foot to foot with a spectre ! Could they two meet on equal terms ? He stayed at home all the morning, waiting for a message from his foe. It would be late perhaps before the drunken jester of last night would be sober enough to think and to remember. But when thought and memory came, Hector de Valnois would surely answer as a gentleman should answer, even a gentleman in ruins. The morning seemed passing weary to Ishmael, as he paced up and down his study, waiting for a message from his foe, and pining to be on his way to the villa in the Bois de Boulogne-a pri vileged guest. His papers lay untouched upon his desk. He coidd neither work nor read. He could think of nothing but the agitating scenes of last night. In one moment his thoughts wore of Constance and a blissful future ; in the next he was haunted by the visions of Paquerette's pale face, the ship in mid ocean, the lonely death. At last the expected messenger came in the per son of Armand de Keratry, with whom Ishmael was tolerably intimate from frequent meetings at the Jarzes, and other haunts of idle youths. " I have spent tho last two hours with your old i friend-and your old foe, Monsieur/' ho said ; ' " and I am charged by him to offer you satisfac I tion for all past wrongs. He will meet you when I you like, where you like, will give you the choico j of weapons. He acknowledges some deep wrong done you in the past-the nature of which he has not communicated to me. I can only say that the wrong must be indeed foxd and unpardonable if it justify your thirst for revenge in your own mind and in the sight of your fellow-man-to say noth ing of the eye of Heaven, winch I suppose we may dismiss as an idle superstition." " It is no superstition in my mind, Monsieur de Keratry," answered Ishmael. " Tho wrong done to me by Hector do Valnois was the dead liest wrong one man can do another-a wrong that justifies mo in demanding that man's lifo, although h« onco saved mino. There are some injuries that can only be washed out 'with blood. I have waited for years for this atonoment, and atonement is doubly due now-due to the dead, to that, villian's treachery. Why should 1 hold my hand to-day ?" " Becauso to meet that man with sword or pis W in hand would be nothing loss than murder. Do you think that wreck of manhood, that moro shadow of a man can meet you upon equal terms ? Do you think that shaking hand, made tremulous by the slow poison of absinthe, can have the faintest chance with sword or pistol against your nerve of steel and muscles of iron? Can the dead Btand up against the living ? You in the pride of un damaged manhood, he the exhausted victim of au evil life of disappointment, despair. Would you call upon a ghost to atone for the wrongs done by the living man ? I tell you, Hector de Valnois is no better than a ghost. If you meot him the duel will be suicide on his part; on yours mur der." "Did he tell you to appeal to my sense of pity?" '. "No ; a thousand times no. Tho spirit of manhood is' not extinct, even after years of poverty, absinthe, depredation. Ho told me to come to you and arrange a speedy meeting-this afternoon if you like, an hour before sunset, in a quiet hollow boyond Vincennes. Ho described the spot to me-not too remote, yet secluded and safe. No, he bas no wish to avoid a meeting 5 he has an ardent desire to facilitate one-the feverish haste of man to throw away a life that has long seemed worthless. But there is such a thing as compunction even on the part of tho deadliest foe j and I tell you that to meet this man would be murder, a crime that would weigh heavy on your conscience, a sin that would haunt you to your dying day. Tho man is nothing to mo, remember-a chance acquaintance who had been useful to me in literature, and whom I have paid for his work. I plead to you as man to mau, more in your interest than in Iiis." "My own interest, my own inclination alike prompt mo to hear you," answered Ishmael gravely. "If I cannot meet him on equal terms, I cannot meet him at all. After what I saw last night-well, yes ; you are right. How could that shaking handhold a sword against mine Avhic1« has grappled with a young lion in Algeria. You are right. I must not meet him, although I can not forgive him. If I alone had been the sufferer, pardon might be possible ; but there is one dead -rdead broken-hearted-whom he wronged worse than he wronged rae. Her injuries can never be purged except vjÉe fire that burns away all sin. Tell Hector de Valnois that I declino his off er of satisfaction. It comes too late. Neither his blood nor mine can bring back tho dead, or undo the past. Tell him for tho life he saved on the 4th of December I give him his own ; and that so far life for life, wo aro quits. Let him forget that he and I ever knew each other. Let him forget his victim-if he can." And then, after a moment or so of hesitation, he added hurriedly, taking some notes from his desk and handing them to Armand : " You tell nie he is in straitened circumstances. I shall be grateful to you if you will relieve him -as though from your own purse. He. gave me his bed onco and dressed my Avoxuids. I thought him' a good Samaritan in those days." Armand de Keratry took tho little packet of bank notes without a word. " I expected no less from you," he said. " I know that you are a brave man as well as a good man; and no brave man would moot a foo upon unequal terms." They shook hands, and parted 5 and Ishmael felt as if a terrible burdon was lifted off his mind by the reteult of thia interview. Tb slay or to be slain ¡ neither a pleasant contingency for a man who has just woii the crowning grace of a pros perous cardor-the love of the wöman he adoros. It was 2 o'cioek in tho afternoon. Ho had not taken any rest since the previous day. Howlong ago it seemed now ! What a deep ravine had yawned asunder in the level monotony of daily life, dividing yesterday from to-day ! He threw himself into an easy chair, and slept for an hour or more from sheer exhaustion ; then dressed and drove to the villa in the Bois-that luxurious home whose threshold he had not crossed since the June afternoon when he avowed his intention never, to marry. And now he entered the hall with firm free step, as the affianced of the mistress of the house. The dogs came out and fawned upon him in friendly welcome before the servant could an nounce him. "Didshe send them, he wondered. He was a mah to whom animals came as by an instinct, sure in advance of his good will. Lion, the colley, put his nose into the visitor's hand and went into the salon with him, while Bijou walked composedly by his side, looking up at him with Berious black eyes, as if she had been expecting him for ages. And in the sunny window, with a little world of greensward, fountain and roses out side, Constance was waiting for him with sweetest welcome. And now began for Ishmael the halcyon days of his life-a time of sweet communion with the chosen among all womankind j of growing inti macy with a nobler nature than it had been his lot to know until now. It was the absolute fulfil ment of his youthful dream-a loftier soul than . his own, stooping from higher spheres to bear him company on earth. What bliss to be understood as he had never been understood before-to find perfect sympathy, perfeet comprehension-to have his ambition no longer regarded as the common place contractor's greed of gain, but understood from a loftier standpoint, as the engineer's glory in great achievements, in difficulties vanquished, rough ways made smooth. They had so much to talk about in the present j and the future, that it is ? scarcely strange if he told lier but little of the past-since, to have gone back upon the story of those early days would have been to go too near the darkest passages of his bife. He told her of his wild free life in Brit tany ; of his scanty stock of learning acquired from good Father Bressant; of the, circum tances that had driven him from his home, touching but lightly; on his father's injustice, his step mother's ill will ; of his marriage ho said nothing beyond that first confession that the breaking of an old tie had left him free. Constance had drawn her own infer ences, and had made up lier mind that some sad Btory was involved in this old tie; and for her part she so gloried and rejoiced in his love, she was so proud of having won for her lover a man of a different stamp from all the other men she had ever encountered-the ideal man, in a word, the worker, the man who had faced difficulties and overcome them, and whose wealth of knowledge in all things was only less than his modest ap preciation of his own acquirements ; she was so proud of her lover that it never entered into her mind to be curious about the details of his life. She was delighted to listen when she could win him to talk of himself, but she never questioned him. Her faith in him was boundless. And so the summer days Avore on, and the sea son waned, and all the gorgeous winged butter flies of Parisian society had flown southward to bluer skies, to game and dance and flirt and gos sip and dress and paint boside the tideless Medi terranean, only transferring Parisian habits, Parisian extravagance, Parisian luxurious living to the towns scattered along the Riviera. .The Parisian was gone out of Paris, and only the trampling of tourists-American, English, 'Bel gian, German-populated the boulevards ' and kept up the clink of glasses, the crowd of idlers, at the little tables on the pavement, in the sultry heat of July afternoons. Constance and her lover cared nothing for the departure of these children of fashion and folly. They only waited till certain legal preliminaries should be arranged, settlements drawn, communi cations made with the lady's kindred, and so on. Lord Kilrush wrote to express his gratification at his daughter's engagement to so worthy a suitor as Monsieur Ishmael, whose reputation was European, and at the same time conveyed his regret at being under a medical regime, which forbade his leaving " Hombourg even for a fow days, and thus prevented his présence at the marriage ceremony. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 