AT WHAT A COST ! \- ny THE L.VTlt . -? HUGH, CONWAY. Author of " Called Back,"-" Dark Days," dc.' all ninuTs reserved. _ It- was Into at night. The fire had gradually settled down until it became a steady glowing mass of rod, giving plenty of heat "but little flame. The shaded lamp from the edge of ihe. I table threw a circle of. light, widening until it I reached tbe floor, where it lay. a luminous disc, and left, all- outside' in sombre gloom. ..The room was "evidently a library, as tall cases of- hooks, loomed from each waif,' and tho massive table in this cento; was strewn with pamphlets and writing materials. On a low chair, near the fire, partly iitflight and partly in darkness, sat a woman. She might have been abont forty-five years of age, and was still beautiful. Her hands, with the fingers interlaced, rested upon her lap, and her head leant, wearily, , against the side of the mantelpiece. Her atti tude, oven withont the traces of recent tears upon her face, betokened extreme grief. Well indeed migbt she grieve, for in the room above her lav n dead man — her husband. She bad bade her household' leave her and retire to rest, nnd hour after hour sounded as she sat by the fire and mourned in solitude. True, the man who had died thatdav had not been her first love : not the one she had once hoped was' destined to link his iot with hers. She had married him for esteem, friendship, respect, aud many other admirable reasons ; but her heart was with one. who had died many years ago. Yet they had been man and wife for 20 years, and his nnwavcring love, liis.kind- ness, tho homage he had ever paid her. had earned, as with a woman they ever must, their reward : and as with sorrowful eyes she gazed into the tire, aud lived again those 20 placid years, she felt that death had tiinj day decreed a void in her life which would never again he tilled. And yet the dead man had not been the most cheerful companion to a woman In tlie prime of health and beaut v. lie was over sad, at times gloomy : but no harsh words to her hail ever crossed liis lips even in his most dreary moods. He had lived a fair and noble life, doing in a quiet, secret way much good' in the place his life whs spent : good, the extent of which she, perhaps, only" knew. And as she thought of theso things and of the poor white- face upstairs, another flood of tears came to her relief. She wonld see it oucc more, to night : and by the side of that motionless form kneel down and sav, "If I have not loved you as your heart wished, 1 have done all that I could ; all that I promised." With this inten tion she rose from her seat, and rising, an object on the mantelpiece attracted her attention. It was a small key ; and that morning, even as he died, her husband, with feeble .fingers, had placed it in her hniid, whispering, with a yearn ing look ouhis_wan face, "Read and forgive." In the agitntiou of that terrible honr she had taken little notice of those mystcrions wonls — the last, indeed, he spoke— but now she re- membcreil them, and felt there was something he wished her to know. ! The key. she was aware, gave access to a secretaire in which her hnsband kept his pri- . vate papers. She raised the shade from the lump, and its light, hitherto concentrated, spread over and illmninated the room, in one corner of which stood a black -walnut bnrenu with antiqnc brifss handles. She opened it, and nfter a fow moment's search fouud what she. knew- intuitively wus the document designed for her perusal. It was a bulky packet, scaled nnd addressed, " For my wife. Private." Wondering, oven in her grief, what its con tents conld possibly lie, arid why the instruc tions to read it were conplcd with that piteous appenl for forgiveness, she rot uracil to her former seat, and after adjusting tho light, broke opeu the seals and commenced the perusal of the manuscript. Woman-like, : she turned oyer several pages rapidly as if to catch some idea or the general tenor of tile revelation, nnd as in the cursory glance she took she Fan- one name, a well-known name, written frequently, a feeling of fear thrilled her, and with a low cry of pain and horror she set lier lips firmly, and with eager eyes devoured the closely- written lines. The message from the man who lay dead r.m thus : — My Wife,— When von read this I shall be dead, and you will, I have little donbt. bo still hi the prime of womanhood. Whether the love I. have ever borne you : whether the remem brance of those years spent, at least happily,' under this roof together, will enable you after, reading this to think of me without cursing my name, I know- not. Yet, I dure not die anil make no sign. I dare not let the grave cover the secret which is fretting my life ont — which has twined for y/srs around my heart like a snake, and whicli will at last still its beating — a secret that even yon in your wildest dreams never suspected. As you read these pages you will weep, hut not for me. You will call for one who can never return, bnt the name- you utter will not ho mine. Widowed though "you be, it is not your husband yon will mourn. Yet when this Is written, my mind will bo more at ease, al though I know the confession which may lighten my remorse a little lays a heavy burden on yon. At least forgive me'this. How shall I begin? As I sit hero to-night, a lyeinntnroly aged man, I look hack through the long rears — so long, so weary to ine — and sec myself, in this same room, a yonng inan of 2fi, with ail that conld make life pleasant at my command. Riches and friends— youth nnd health— and; as I fondly hoped at that time, love, that sooner or. later would bo mine. Here I sot, I " re member, one winters evening, witli my favorite companions even then, my books. Was I read ing, or Was I dreaming of wlmt might be 1 I know not. My servant entered and handed me a card— "Mr. Gerald Gordon "—I shall feel, even in inv grave, your heart throb as you Tend tlmt name — Gerald Gordon bad been one of my dearest and earliest friends ; and, if lost sight of for . some years, never forgotten, i was delighted to find him nnder iny roof, and ha9ted to greet him. Ho bad prospered in the world, both having made and inherited money, aud had recently returned to England nfter some years' profitable work abroad. Affairs laid calle'il him to my neighborhood, and upon his return journey he had come a little out of his tvav to par mo a visit for the sake of old times. We were unfeignedly glad to meet, nnd, as our hands clasped, many recollections of happy boyish days rose between us, and the pressing invitation I gave him to stay some time with me was accepted as freely aud heartily as it was given. For you, Gertrude, least of all, need I paint his portrait ; hut well I remember, as he sat with me that night, looking nt bis handsome face with those straight, clear cut features, bronzed by the southern sun : his oris;), brown linir and stnlwartmanlyframe,andthinkingone of the, greatest gifts, after all, was personal ap pearance. Our conversation after so long a separation naturally consisted of questions nnd answers of a personal nature, aud I soon asked him : — " Have yoti met your fate yet, Gerald ?" " Been in love, I suppose you mean ?" lie re plied! laughing. "Well, "you see I have . just come from parts where a fellow must make love, or pretend to, to got along nt nil ; but I cannot plead guilty to any grand passiou as yet." ' Bnt how about you ?" he continued. " Have any bright rustic eyes come between you and your books Fool that I was, not to open inv heart to hint then nnd there ! Not to tell him' I thought of one woman only ! Yet I was shy and proud. X could lint even say that my love was viewed, favorably. A. withered flower, given half, in jest — do you remember it ? A littlo preference, it might be. over my rivals, and tlmt bestowed for the sake of friendship, not love — this was ail 1 had to sliow in the return for the love I laid ' given and which I knew must over give through lifo. So I laughed as lie questioned mo, and answered as in jest. I muhoartwhole as you, Gerald, and cer tainly invulnerable against the attacks of rustic maidens hereabouts." " 1 hoped and cxjicetod to be introduced to your future wife, m tho person of the only 4danghter of some neighboring squire; and would have done you a good turn by sounding yoiir praises whilst I admired his fat oxen." " Well, I will present you to nil the eligible daughters hereabout, and you can praise their papas' oxen on your own account." "Thank you — although, seriously, I am tired of living alone and' want a wife and a home ; so I. mil quite ready to meet my fate when and wherever she appears." ' I do not hesitate, my wife, to record these trivial words, for I know they will seem to you' as sweet echoes of a long-stilled voice. , Gordon ..and I ant talking nearly nil that ' ' night, and, parted at last, oaeli happy' to lind the other's friendship the same as of old. The next day, with little regret, I tossed my books aside nnd did all in my power to' make my guest's visit a pleasaut one to him. We shot, drove nnd voile together, and the short wintry days seomed-even shorter with my light-hearted frionil at my side. I took him to visit all my friends, save one; I need scarcely say the reuson for tlmt omission. Too well I 'know that, lind I been a girl, Gerald Gordon was the man who might have won my heart had ho chosen.. Too well I knew that if the eyes.of love enhanced, they did not imagine' your charms; and that liis iuterest, at least, could , scarcely fail to be uvoused. So I dreaded to \- hring about a meeting between him and you. It ctune at last. ,1 would have shunned that gathering could I have found a decent pretext, but the whole countryside were bidden to that ball and my absence from it would lmvo been ' remarked. Beside.., Gerald would have gone, anyway. Ho was very merry as we drove over at the expense of the imaginary persons we should meet; but I said nothing. The moment wo entered the room'I saw his eyes full upon you— saw his look of surprise, of ndinirntiou, as hecoru- prehended your regal beauty at one glauce ; and before tlie evening was over I felt that what I ilrcndeU was afoot, nnd that my friend would probably be my rival. If liis attentions to you that evening 'were no more than man 'might properly pay . to ' the most attractive woman in the assemblage, they were sufficient to_ make me fear the worst. "Even as l- wntc- tills 1 can sec bis tall figure bending over yon,- and hear him whispering words which, spoken with the easy self-confident manners of. a man of the' world, I knew intuitively, must have been sweet to any young girl's cars. :: At lost, that night, gay and enjovablc to all save ipe, ended, xou hail departed; and after that it needed littlo persuasion on my -part to draw "Gerald" from the scene. We started on onr drive home, with the stars shining pure and clear through the frosty skies. I was sullen and unhappy ; my companion brimful of cririositv to learn ali i could tell him concerning his late partner. "Is Miss Howard a friend of yours ?" was his first cincstion. - : "I have known her some years. Do yon ad mire her? ; Although I need scarcely ask," I added, bitterly. "Admire iicr! I should think so. I have seen some of;the most beantiful women in the world, but never one I admired more. She was not very Well dressed, of course, but that is only a milliner's business." So lie talked on and on as wo drove that six miles of' road, and my heart sank withiu me,, and I cursed the friendship which had led him to visit me and induced me to press him to prolong his stay. no spoke- of nothing but you, ringing your praises in virions keys, until I relapsed into a sort of moody silence, or onlv answered liis eu logistic. remarks by monosyllables. Probably he noticed'my changed manner, as on reaching home he said: " You arc awfully tired, I can see, Philip : so I will he merrifril to-niglit nnd not keep you up for another cigar. Good night." Whether he kept me up or not. it mattered nothing. Weary as I truly was, there was little sleep for :ne that night. " When we met the next morning it was the same again ; your image clearly was before bis eye'. Although he spoke jestingly of the havoc von had" wrought. I knew that more than jest lay under that laughing exterior : that tho impression you had made was no tran sient one! I "tried to hide my feelings, and to answer his playful remarks in the like vein, but iny efforts" were of little use. I felt that liis keen eye detected something amiss with me. lie looked inquisitive, but saiffnotbing for a while. After breakfast, us we were discussing our plans for the day, be asked — . "Would it not be politeness to ride over nnd inquire bow Miss Howard is after last night's dissipation ?" I started, and answered, "If von wish it particularly we will do so "; anil, as P forced the words, my voice sounded strange and I felt that the color had left iny check. Tbe manner of my assent must, I suppose, have strengthened any suspicion he already felt as to the trne state "of the case with ine, for he crossed the room, placed his hands on my shoulders, aud with liis bright searching eyes looked deep Into mine. "Tell me truly, Philip— truly, mind — is there anything like love between vott Uvo ?" Even then I might have told hint, bnt 1 was too proud to sav I loved without love ill return. Too proud to throw myself ou his mercy, as it seemed to me such a confession must : so I met his eves withont quailing and answered firmly : " There is no-love between ns," " But yon do love her ?" persisted Gerald. "I admire herfor bergrcat boautv ; that is all" And even as I told tbe lie, I saw thnt lie be lieved what he wished to believe, nnd I knew that my fate was sealed. "Then let ns go," he said, quietly, us he moved' his hands from mv shoolders. We rode over to your hotne ; we saw yon, nnd my. jealous eyes detected a faiut blush nnd look of pleasure on your face as you greeted us — a blush and a look such as my coining alone had never yet called forth. Gertrude, it is for yon, not for me, to picture the events of the next few days. Sick nt heart, I pleaded indisposition and' returned to my bookS; sacrificing politeness, I left Gordon free to follow liis own devices. Well did I know whither his steps turned every day, and clearly could I read in the hriglitcued expres sion of liis ever bright .faco how well the suit he was urging prospered. So much so, thnt it was witli a feeling of dull despair, not surprise, 1 listened when ouo night he told ine you had consented to be his wife. Loverlike he sat, hour after honr, dilating upon tlie perfections of tlie prize lie had won, and revelling in liis visions of fnturo happiness. And T, who loved yon as I believe no man ever jet loved w-oman, suffered torture on the rack of his raptures. I lind to listcu to your praises from tlie lip3 of the otic whom I iiad now almost brought myself to believe had robbed me of all I longed for In tho world. And there was to be no delay — no respite for me. He was wealthy, so what wns there to wait for ? Within three months' time yon were to be married. " How I bless the day I came to see you, old fellow I" ho cried once, in the effusion of liis joy. " Now you shall complete your kindness bv letting me stay with you until tho hnppy time. -Of course I must go awny for a lilt tosee about a bouse nnd that sort of thing, but I. mean to be licre as much ns I can." If I bad followed my true impulse as be spoke, I should have cursed liim and bade 1dm begone ; but I was forced to restrain myself and toll liiin .liow welcome lie was to make mv bouse liis homo as long as it pleased him. Yet I felt I dare not stay myself and witness his happiness. That night, as I lay in bed, casting nbont for an excuse plausible enough to enable me to leave inv guc3t alone for the next month or two, T knew that in the depths of my heart I listed Gerald Gordon — I hated him as the one who had stolen my life's hope from ine — I hated him for his animal spirits, liis good looks, his power of pleasing and winning tho affection of mail, woman, or child ; so different from me— I even hated him because I know you would be liappy with liiui, for he had all'the qualities to' make a home happy — I hated him as Coin hated Abel, and for the same reason ; had not his offering been nceepted nnd mine re jected ? And Eoreral dnys passed by ; each day the tortures 1- endured seemed greater, each day my hatred grew more intense. In a feverish sort of wny I forced myself to laugh and jest, and Gordon, with n lover's selfish ness, never noticed now how unnntural my manner was, or guessed how, by this time, I do- tested the sound or his voice, tlie dear ring of his langli, or even his very presence. " One thing pleases me more than I can sav," he placidly remnrked one evening. " It is that what I once believed to be n fact was only a creation of my own brain. I was afraid I might be tbe rival "of my old friend ; but Gertrude herself assures mo the only feeling that ever existed between yon two was o,.o of pure friend ship. So I am happier, knowing yon will dance at my wedding with a light hoart." Dance at his wedding I I would rather dance on iny mother's grave I Gertude, my wife, there is one day in every venr which is solemn and sad to both of ns. A ilay when the choicest flowers are laid on a tomb, now growing grey with time. A day, many hours of which tvou spend alone, holding a lock of hair and gazing on a miniature. And vet, if the love yon liore another man is strong in your heart, "upon that day you have ever sccined to draw closes to rne than at other times. As your eyes, sad with unforgotten sorrow, met mine, you think, "Our grief is from the Eaute source — mine for love and his for friendship." And with one memory between ns I know for the moment your heart grows, nearer to mine, and I realise what life might have been could your love liave "crowned it. Read now the trnth aud lia'.e inc. That day was the first for a long time I had spent alone with Gerald Gordon. You were away on a visit to some friends at a distance. Tlie weather was lino, through wintry, and ns T. felt T could not endnre tlie long hoiirs indoors, iu the society of the uian I liated, I suggested taking onr "guns and walking down to the coast in tlie hope of shooting some dncks. Gordon leapt at the idea. "I shall bo glad to do a bit of hard walking," lie said. " For three weeks I have only been love-making, and that isn't much exercise, 1 fancy my muscles must be growing soft from want of using." As ho spoke, he held ont an arm liko a iron bar for me to feci. An hour's walk brought us to the coast; you know it well. For .tlie distance of perhaps two miles, runs a turf covered, almost perpen dicular, cliff; then it shelves nivay gradually, and one can easily get down tothewater'aedge. Hero was oar destination. Wo intended .to walk along tlie edge of the sea, shooting any thing worth powder and shot. Tlio tide, when high, lashes the foot qf the coast cliff; when low, it leaves a strip of sand uncovered. The rock of which tho cliff i3 coui- jiosed is of crumbling, iinstnblo chnllc, nnd 1ms tlie habit of getting hollowed ont under the surface, leaving green cushions, firm enough in appearance, bnt apt to break awny as tlie nii- wnrv foot presses tlicm. A dangerous cliff it is, from tbe edge of whicli one shrinks in stinct ivoly. We walked briskly along tho green sward. I was some paces in "front of Gordon, not being much iu tlio humor to listcu to liis inevitable rhapsodies on the one theme. As he followed, 1 conld hear him Kinging a love song. It was Mexican, I believe, and picked np somewhere ou his travels. Though tho language teas strange to me, tlie words sounded soft nnd musical; and the repetition of the pahs' mate refrain almost maddened me, so well did I know to whom it was directed. Suddenly, tho melody of the song changed to a sharp cry of despair — a cry that went tlirongh me like a knife— nnd, as I turned hastily round, the rent nt the edge of tbe treacherous green sward told its tale, even before I beard the horrible, hopeless, dull thud on the sand bslow. Believe me when I say nt that moment nil thought of hatred and tuvy left me. Horror- stricken, I threw myself ut full 'length on the grass, and crept to the edg« of tho cliff, looking for what I dreaded to see — his mangled body. The clifl' at tliis'spot overhung even more than usual, nnd it was with a feeling of hope I saw that Gordon had fallen clear of tlie rock and lay upon the snnd. He was lying almost in a heap, nnd must have sustained fearful iujuries : but dead be wns not, for I saw liirn, after making a few piteous struggles, succeed iu turning liis face towards me. . « , , "Gerald." I cried, "are you. much-hurt ? For God's sake- try and nnswor me.'.t. i - .. .... .. \- A faint voice— the ghost ot his usual voice— ' replied. "I have broken one arm nnd, I thiuk, " my thigh. Can you come flown to me ?" : "I cannot," 1 said, "withont going nlqug the coast for a mile or more. l am going now .q to get ropes nnd help. Try and bear up till j return." ': And then; leaving my gnu to ntatk tho spot where ho fell, I turned" and, swiftly as I could, commenced running across country.: I kuew the part well. The nearest house wa's nt. least two niilcs away, .so the poorfcUow'mnst lie in agony for some timo before I conld bring him the indis pensable aid. With the remembrance of that helpless form lying on tho sand' before me, my thoughts were only how to rescue him with aa little lossbf time as possible, and for the first five minutes I ran at tho top of my speed. Sheer ex haustion, than compelled mo to pause and draw breath, and 'as I moderated my pace' tho awful thought for ihe first timo cauio to mo. The tide ! the tide I I remembered it was rising— that it was about three-quarters flood — tlmt Gordon was lying very near to tho edge of tho water, and I knew if I conld not boar him aid before tho sea covered that narrow, strip of sami ho was a dead man. And then tho temptation be- ; gan. Let no man say there is no ' devil, for I . toll you in thnt moment the devil was with me, He brought your form with all its beauty before me : yes, and with love for me shining iu your eyes. Ho shaped tlie thought in my mind, " It is for her, who might love you,' you , arc saving hiin. Is she not worth the 'siu?" And as the tempter prompted me, I said to - myself, " One half-hour's delay ; a rest by tho way ; a fancied inability to proceed further; a mistake — so easy to mnke — iu the road, and you were free otieo more and might vet be mine. Tlie price wns qgmo — loss of. honor, of self-respect, and all peace of mind; but, you might bo mine, and what price was too heavy to pay for that." And as thought after thought, each like a devil from hell, came to ine I leant against n gate : knowing as I did so that ever- moment I lingered risked a mail's life. The sudden temptation, tlie. commence ment of the crime, tbe consequences to follow', the shntne I felt, even .then, bewildered ine. and for a timo I was beside myself; I seemed in a dream ; all around mo was unreal ; tho nir seemed full of horrible forms aud sounds. How long I waited motionless, I caunot fell— W'ould that I , knew ! — it might liavo been _ moments, minutes, or hours.' At last it seemed as though I woke, and" as I turned nnd ran like one pursued bv wolves, 1 fancied I heard tho words, " Too late I too late 1" shrieked after me in fiendish glee. As I , ran, I believe I even ceased, to thiuk, and fell utterly exhausted at the door of the farmhouse to which I mechanically directed mv steps. In broken sentences I told my talc— I'begged the men to hurry down with the ropes — E offered large rewards should they, reach the coast iu timo to avert whnt I. now shuddered to think might happen. They started with a'.l possible despatch, and as soon ns my strength returned to me I followed. Gertrude, how can I pen tho rest? 1 reached the fatal spot just as the men from the farm lowered one of their party over tho edge of the cliff ; and as sick and dizzy. ' I leant ovor, I saw bgneatii' me the cruel waves dashing a dark form against the crueller rocks, und as one of the men turned to me and said, "Poor chap 1 Ir we had been a quarter of an hour before we might have saved him," I knew that in the eyes of God I was ns much a murderer ns the radian who drives his knifo through the heart of hi3 victim. Little wonder was it, as thev bore his nerveless form to the top of the cliff ; n3 I saw that pale face, stained here nnd there with blood ; tbe bine eyes yet open, and as I almost fancied seeking my own that I fell as one dead upon the grass and was, borne away unconscious as the man I had foully slain. IVhat more remains to bo said 1 You know tho rest — how tlie illness that followed was attributed to the shock I had undergono nnd the exertions I had used to save my friend. How people praised my presence ot" mind in at once starting for assistance. How yon — even you — wrote Kind words to me — words thnt cut my heart liko knives. Yet no one knew that witli me night and day was the face of tho dead, os I saw it ore I fell senseless on the cliff ; that ever in ray dreams I was running, it seemed to bo, from an image of you and that fearful things were striving to stop mo. No one know how often I went to the spot whore Gordon fell, - and timed, as nearly as I could, the rising- waters, to ascertain if it were possiblo for a man to have compassed the distance and b ought a'd in time to save him. Alas, I only learnt I was a mur derer in act as well as thought 1 I gained tho' prize that tempted me — but, at what a cost. When, after some years, you gave me your baud I knew your heart could noverjbe tnine, but lay iujGerald's grave ; I know that tho thing which at last induced you to accede to my repeatod request was more the lovo you fancied 1 bora iiiin than tlie love yon felt for me. And so, at the price of a life's remorse, I won n woman' whose love, In life, could never bo mine, and who, after death, must hate my memory. Ah, Gerald Gordon, slain by the waves at tho bidding of your friend, just as the supreme j07 of lifo was yours; your lot, after all, was happier than mine ! # > v # -. As she read tho last words Gertrude Blake 'dropped tho manuscript, nnd burying her faco in her hands, cried, "0, why did he teiline? Why did he tell mo ? This is the worst of all to hear. Thank God I have no children In whose faces I may see murderer written." ' Then, with bitter grief nnd hatred in her heart, she sat on and on tlirongh the weary night. And over before her was the imnge of Gerald Gordon, with the hungry waters creeping round hiin, his poor maimed limbs battling in vain struggles to. keep his life until the delayed help arrived. And her face was stern anu cold as she pictured it. If hei husband's hopes of heaven rested on her for giveness, she tolt she could not bring her lips to frame tlie words. She could scarcely credit tho talc she had read : atf times she fancied it must have been in a great part imagination. But his face, ever sad. even when others wore gayest, came again and again to her mind, and she felt that straDge sadness stamped the confession with truth. Yet in all else ho had been so noble, both in thought and in deed. Ho bad loved her so : aud now with his dreary'"secrot bared before lier, even through the bitter ness of her mind passed tbe knowledge that be bad been leading not only a life of re morse, but also of atonement, and as she. grew more calm she fell at last into a troubled sleep with wet tears upon her lashes. And as she slept she dreamed. They stood before her, she thought ; her first and only love, Gerald, and her linsoand, The latter, not thu careworn prematurely old man of the past years; but young, gay and handsome us .when lie rode with Gerald to see her that morning in' the winter. There was no sadness in his eyes now, nnd Gerald's arm was round his neck : — " Sweet love," she hoard him whisper, " see, I have forgiven — cannot you, likewise?" And then, striving to speak, she awoke. With the dream yet lingering in lier memory, she rose, und tearing tho manuscript to shreds, throw it upon tlie smouldering fire. When every vestige of paper was consumed she sought her room, but, as site passed the chamber of death, entered and, bonding over the pale, cold, placid face, kissed it, whispering, "I for give, as I hope to bo forgiven." , Tub Exu. 