THE RECOLLECTIONSOF A COUNTRY DOCTOR. Edited by Mrs. J. K SPENDER. Author of " Her own Bault," " Parted Lives," God. wyns Ordeal," "GabrieJle de Bourdaine," "Mr. Itobody," Ac., Ac. THE GHOST OF SIMON SHAW. PART IV. I knew that superstition still lingered among the people of Halstead, perhaps becautc tliey had never heard of School Bjiidt, and were less niroble-witted than the people in other countries who lived newer London. But all my experience had ocarcely prepared me for each an episode as took place in Simon's best sitting-room that •tight.' The ait,ting-room was rarely used, having beea shut up to save expenses since the death, of Mrs. Shaw. But John Barton, who was a votary of Bacchus, was accustomed sometimes to spend his evenings in the taproom of an adj¢ old gabled house, called the Harbour Bar, at which habiiuis as well as casuals would come dropping in by twos and threes to drink gin and water, puff vigorously at their pipes, and discuss the gwsipof the place. OB. tlus occasion-some e village" veterans, who were " curious about Simon fihkw^ and who were perfwstly willing to recognise a future host in Tom Barton, had corhe to comfort him in a genial way. AH SIGNS';of hilarity were conscientiously repressed,' -as -Simon's wife hid explained how JES nntse was keeping watch \- witki^ie]BK& XB&JII; " as quiet 1 as .quiet" in his bedT&hd; not' allowMto stir hand or foot for .MUlfe. ' - • ^One of the 'men, artib had theijift of silence, &na; who had conute^hently acquired a reputatbm fot wisdom, .Relaxed trom his usual inle, and tutned tne conversaticto bnighosta. ~ Another of tne «toutert and most stolid, who openly expressed his indignation that the law would not alio*? him to "have up" a woman whom lie knew, Who had the evil eye, and who was Baid to have bewitched his cows and pigs, shook ids head'over ghosts. He " belie ved/ashe raid, 4n toads, ana it was his conviction that/there was a "toad "nailed up somewheree." • .which, if it could be 11 took . down," would abate Master Shaw's pains. The darkness 'had increased by this time, and the mist BO common at • Halstead was beginning to penetrate the room, which was somewhat musty from the want of proper airing. A silence fell oil the group, for though candles were brought, the atmosphere was so humid that these did little to mitigate the obscuration, Each man looked fearfully at his neighbour, and then anew more courageous than the test, said in a j ubuant voice- 1 - " If there axe .ghosts at all, why ahould'nt they be pleasant company!" Ay, answered another, ,"I calls that fairly practical. When a ghost appears -cpeak to 1m, that's what I sea., "Andhask him 'ow he cornea to have 'is clothes on," said another sternly.' "Now, I never could account 'for piat. Ghost" is "ghosts, and clothes is elothea— they're different articles altogether, you'l Hall admit that," he continae(L gaAheringcourage from Ids own remarks ana striking hia hand on the table. "Don't yon be a meddling, Radical John Drew, or itPU .be the woas for ye," said the , second k speaker, who was wedded to tne older civilization, and whose serves, though be did. not like" to admit'U, were just a Bene jarred by the resonant noise caused by the blow of such a huge fist on the table. ' " Well, as I was raying, clothes is domes, and a man doesn't like to see a female ghost dressed like a rope-dancer—there's no sort of fitness in it—1 pat it to the company." Everybody seemed to be duly impressed— 1 80 much so that for a few moments not a word waa spoken. Then one of the men dropped his pipe and every one started, the cowardice as well as the courage of fools proceeding .from not knowing what is the proper object of fear. When the pipe bad been lifted up, and duly inspected, toe Conservative, Amos Newbridge, spoke in a solemn whisper. " It's my : opinion, sonny, as itH do yon no good to mock at ghosts m this 'ere . place, .seeing it is well beknown that there is ghost .stories, and ghost stories as has took place at JEblstead." There was something of the style of pulpit •oratory in the opening of this address, on -which Amos justly prided himself, and the -chairs were drawn close together as he con •tinned— "Did any of yon 'ore, present ever hear tell of the tolling o' the Church bell-as woke parson up in the dead o 1 night with the pit-apat cf horses' hoofs—and no horses and no living hands to ring 'em?" triumphantly asked Amos, becoming in his elation slightly •confused. "H'm. and saved a poor orittur'a life as wasfcwell-nigh forfeited. .For,whenparson went oat—to see whohad been playing tricks to make the zingm' o'. that ere bell—he found a poor girl with a bad fellow who had got her there for to' murder her. At sight parson he m&de; hoflL" " That don't wove tfoathe meant murder," remarked fcheRadical, as be knocked the .aaheB from hiB pipe.wiih a look of scepticism which was certainly disconcerting. V " Why firstly." explained-Amos, with an .air of speaking down to the non-infelligent, and counting eaoh point .in the argument on bis gnarled old $ngers. " Firstly, there was the bell; secondarily, there was parson; thirdly, there was the girL Don't be onto heart, John Drew, lf.yer have not the gift Of comprehension." This was again felt, to be impressive, and each man looked at the ceiling, where the smoke was lingering in the heavy atmosphere, •and forming a sort of imitation sounding board above the beads of the orators. " I don't believe, as I said before, in ghosts trying to frighten as," answered the incorrigible youth, who was determined not to be pot down.. lie would have liked, to emulate Amos,, and get np to make a speech, like -commercial-travellers are said to do for the «ake of whiling away the time. But the privilege D of holding „ forth at any . length ingth was monopolized by the older men at '" the Harbour xbc Bar, 'and a toothless oracle named Ji Jem .Harper took up the parable, in a mumbling voice. < ( Don't ye, sonny ? Why a man as is living mon is bound to be skeered. It's riling as is. and yet aa isn't-ra 'pearance so to speak where there's nothin". one who knows, for when there waB corpse liftin' in this ore parish, and when the knocking come from the coffin o' Danel Blount—aa was as fine a corpse as could be seen in the three kingdoms—and I- speak as one as knows, for I helped carry Mm to the. grave myseT, and when that ere coffin-was hopened and found to be nothing bat stones in u. Well, one night as I was a comin" The other men ware leaning forward listening to the thrilling tide, and wishing that Jim Harper's stumps of teeth would allow him: to tell it mote plainly, when a mufflod groan from the lad who had so bravely declared his disbelief in ghosts drew their attention to the fact that on a chair which had been hitherto unoccupied sat-a jfigure in white, with a face ' like a corpse, and the features of Simon Shaw. The figure, whieh wbs Immovable, seemed to loom through the cloud of smoke, but there was a threatening look about the eyes, which gave terrible point to Jem Harper's philosophic remark that the terror of a ghost was caused by the fact that it was the appearance of form without the reality, and such an appearance was liKely to bo in timidating. A sharp-shudder ran through the group—a shiver of horror through their veins. Tom Barton was the first to make oft overturning hu.shair, but he was speedily fol lowed'by John Drew. And thout Newbridge experienced a sort of dreary delight in the fact that he woald be able to crow over the youth if he ever came ajive out of the ordeal, he followed with shaking knees, knocking his ancient shins against the table ' Then there was' a general scuffle in which glasBes were broken, pipes thrown down, and the men, losing all sense of propriety, and fighting with each other, made helter-skelter for the door. NtMjne knew quite what had happened till they found themselves alive outside with unbroken bones; and no one—not even Tom .Barton—who wandered about for hoursdreamed of going back to elucidate the mys tery. It was long since the village of Halstead had been stirred by such an excitement. For the story had flown from mouth to mouth, gad was known even to the children by ** lime that the news reached me on the foll< log morning, that not only was Simon Shaw .dead, but that bis ghost had appeared .already. The messenger who came to me with the news had yielded to the general panic, bad lost ms good sense and self-commani and could only tell me that Mrs. Barton, am even the nurse, were "afeered to venture nigh the corpse that strange noises were 'beard in the room; and that they humbly bopedlwoold write the certificate of death, .and help them to hurry the funeral as quickly AS possible. {To be continued.) IF ALL use It. It is at erery ptcale. It fa fs erery kitchen. It gwes the finish to every diih, for arables, soups, game, fish, or cold meats. It assists cUjrestion and increases the appetite. It has a place at Oorermnent House, and (a seen at ervry respectable artisan's. The Protectionist* use it because it fs colonial,; the Freetraders because it is cheap. It Is the especial favourite witbsil iliiw because as one of the Sydney clergyman wrote—" It is the tost yet made.* It is th* Australian Relish, aada wWashingtonH.Soul,el 177, HttHfewt.8; SdsoldMbyjjjw storekeeper la Sostt BJM,OMSUIIlBfr 