SPORTING HEWS. SPORTING NOTES. (BY FLANEUR.) (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) A Derby drama ! Act I-Nordenfeldt to be scratched because his owner prefers to win with a horse bred by himself. Act 2- Nordenfeldt, it has been discovered by his owner, is bebig backed by the public; not tor sport, but to make money. - Act 3 Nordenfeldt likely to be retired at a moment’s notice. Act 4-—The stable has no money about the colt, if it had he would not be scratched. Act s—Fores tellers of the stable, agree to share Nordenfeldt wagers. Acts 0 and 7—Nordenfoldt starts. Norden fcldt.wins, and the horse that the owner bred himself runs a brilliantlastinthe slowest of slow time. The racing on Derby day was of the first class order of merit. Fields were good,, and finishes exciting. Nordenfeldt is at once a Mascotte and a deceiver. His win was a lucky one, and his performance a complete reversal of the work done by him on the training ground. Hie Dunlop crowd did exactly what I was afraid they would do—loft the blue riband on the training ground. Avery large per centage of our young trainers have become possessed of chronometers, and as soon as ever any of their horses show.the least signs of fitness, they have them going against the tickers every time- they are extended. In the list of horses which I am of opinion cannot win the Melbourne Cup, I have in cluded Liverpool, one of the most brilliant horses of the year, wholly and solely because of his electric doings on the track. Unless an outsider comes to. the rescue of the fielders in the Cop there will be sorrow in the camp, as the full extent of the double books have been laid with most of the good ones. So far, as I could learn, no very large straight out sums were won, but should the Derby hero repeat Ids performance or Despot win, from one to ten thousand pound sums will be quite common. Backers of Dnnlop and Thunderbolt for the Derby knew it was all up with them before the start, as the former was bathed in perspiration and the New Zealander was tucked up. Isonomy raised the hopes of the South Australian party when he went to the front at the abattoirs, and they were raised higher as he turned into the straight clear of his field. . Hopes burst up as he struck bis colors halfway up the straight. When 1 included Trenton in my list of non-likely winners of the Cup, 1 did so on the distinct understanding that he -was not well. I thought the New Zealanders bad not been in Australia long enough to have learned South Australian tricks. Well! well! as I said that he could not win as he was not well 1 will now say that ho stands a good show to win because his not-wellucss is of the fishy order of diseases. If it should ever be my good fortune to be again on a training ground where there are a lot of cripples and sluggards being put through I shall pick out the worst in both departments and go right away and back them. Just a couple of words about First Chester who was second for the Dcsby. The soft going just suited him to a T and a gamer bit of stuff or a better performance a second horse could not be, or do. My champion dreamer lias got slightly mixed over the winner of the Cup. He says it is a Chester that will win, but whether it is First Chester or Winchester deuced if he can tell. I have explained to him that either is equal to which, and both are alike. For instance, if First Chester wins, that will be a Chester win, or, transposed, Win-ehcster; and if Winchester wins, that will be a Chester first, or, transposed, First Chester. He couldn’t see it, and walked moodily away, perchance to drink. Hales scored his first Maribyrnong win on Saturday. Howie’s Moonee Valley fines remitted. Caulfield meeting profits £3(100. Archer has won Leger five times. English jockeys do not wear moustaches. Caulfield course to be widened. New Zealanders confident they will win Cup. A doxen stiff-uns in Coburg Stakes. Newstcad villanies to be exposed. Cerise and Blue hot goods for Cup. New judge shaped badly Derby Day. Hon. J. White has won three Derbies. Same celebrity has won four Maribyrnongs. O’Brien will beat Malone. My first peep into V.R.C. racing futurity for the season of ’Sj-SG resulted in my selecting the winners of the Hurdle Dace, Maribyrnong Elate, and Derby, and a second for the Melbourne Stakes. It is not much to blow about certainly, but when the chances are considered it may be reckoned a fairly lucky performance. To-day it is another case of haphazard or happy-go lucky, and hoping that the fickle goddess will for once prove reasonably constant, it is thus I want the nags to finish:— Railway Stakes, Isonomy or Winchester. Kessixotox Stakes, Maddelina or Nun. Hurdle Race, Agent or Insolvent. There is a grey horse in this race named Student. This University chap has stripped a good many times lately, and 1 have an idea that he merely did so to study the going of some others. If elected a wrangler to-day we shall be surprised at his altered form. He shall certainly be my rooster boat. Melbourne Cup. Trenton or White’s best. ■ As over 30 horses will go to the post, I claim the indulgence of a couple of cockboats, and they arc Metal and Brown and Rose. This same Metal is a.rough ’un. He is, par excellence, the motallician’s horse for the big event, and if there is a big boil over, I expect him to be the hero of it. Nursery Handicap. White’s elect or Damocles. Van Yean Stakes. Mentmore or Phaon. Monday. The prospect of a delightfully fine day lias led to a rapid and very great increase in the interest manifested in the running for the Melbourne Cup of 1835. At present the sky is clear anil bright, with a cool southerly breeze, and every prospect of continued fine weather. It will be noticed that at this [ time last year the backers were in a sad plight, owing to the downfall of the great Derby favorite, Bargo, but to-day their position is quite an enviable one, and their jubilation over the result of Saturday’s racing well founded. The attendance this year promises to bo enormous, as the city has never been so densely crowded, not even excepting Exhibition year, as it is now. Visitors having been pouring in from the arid backblocks and salubrious Tasmania, by train from Sydney and by boat from Ade laide, while New Zealand and Queensland have fairly contributed towards swelling the Cup day attendance. It is noticeable that although a number of the tipsters have given Nordenfcldt and Brown and Rose places in the great event, a great diversity of opinion prevails. The South Australian tipsters generally' go for Troutou, the Sydney tipsters for Nordenfoldt, Liverpool, or Brown and Bose, while the Victorians are equally divided as to the merits of Liverpool, Broun and Hose, and Nordcu feldt. Amongst the 'placed' horses most frequently occur the names of Sheet Anchor, Despot, Plausible, Kit Nubbles, Stornaway, Lord Exeter, Acolyte, St. John, Coriolanus, and Arsenal, while others are also supported. It will thus be seen that the various selec tions embrace a large number of good horses in a manner that cannot fail to be perplex ing to the ordinary backer. The Herald to night unhesitatingly . tips through the j “Eclipse” as follows:—Brown and Rose (Gough), 1, Acolyte (Sanders), 2; Norden feldt (Ellis), 3. If an outsider wins ’twill be Metal. Betting Market. Naturally the result of the Derby caused an alteration in the prices, and the latest quotations arc as follows: Melbourne Cur. —100 to 18 a'gst Norden fehlt (tk); 100 to 1(5 Trenton (oil); 100 to 12 Despot (off); 100 to 10 Liverpool (off); 100 to 7 Kit Nubbles (tk); 100 to 6 Brown and Rose (off); 100 to 5 Stornaway (off); 100 to 5 St. John (off); 100 to 5 Metal (off); 100 to 5 Acolyte (off); 100 to 4 Prometheus (tk); 100 to 4 Cerise and Blue (off); 100 to 4 Lord Exeter (off); 100 to 4 Sheet Anchor 100 to 4 Britisher (tk). The remaining horses are from 100 to 3 to 100 to 1, SCRATCUINGS. All Engagements.— My Lady. Oaks. —Vivacity, Isla. Mares’ Produce Stakes. —Strike. Melbourne Cor.—Honeydew. Yan Yean Stakes. —Dirk Hatteraick, The Pencil, Waterloo. Railway Stakes. The Pencil. , Nursery Handicap. —Menatha, Tele phone. The following are likely starters for the Melbourne Cup:—Blink Bonny, Tom Brown, -Trenton, Kit 'Nubbles; Coriolanus, Sheet Anchor, Warwick, St. Lawrence, Plausible; Liverpool, Acolyte, Prometheus, Dunlop, Thunderbolt, Grace Darling, Stornaway, Velocipede, Hilltop, St. John, Despot, Lord Exeter, Brown arid Rose, Wing, Nordenfeldt, Britisher, First Chester, Arsenal, Remus, Minerva, Metal, Cyclops, Yellow Hammer, Cerise and Blue; Lesbia. ..The following are regarded as doubtful starters:—Lord Wilton, Bos worth, Uralla. Weights. The following weights were declared to day:— Yan Ye ax Stakes, one mile.—Lantern, 9st lib; Middlemarch, Bst 131 b; Chuckster, Sst.l2lb; Stafford, Bst 91b; The Ghost, Sst Sib; Dirk Hutteraick, Sst 71b; Waterloo, Bst 71b; The Israelite, Sst slb; Irralee, Sst slb Anchorite, Sst 41b; St. John, Sst 31b; Win chester, Sst 31b; Thunderbolt, Sst 21b; Comet, Sst 11b; Bohemian, Sst 11b; Alphabet, Sst; Impulse, 7st 131 b; The Agent, 7st 111 b;, Merrimu, 7st 101 b; Country Boy, 7st 101 b; The Pencil, 7st 91b: Tempe, 9st 91b; Fernlea, 7st Sib; Signor, 7st Sib; Jocular, 7st7lb; Juanna, 7stGlb; Umberto,7st6lb;Ra vensworth,7stGlb; Scaramouche, 7st 51b; Marie Louise, 7st 41b; Lavington, 7st4lb; Muscat, 7st 31h; Evie, 7st 31b; Mentmore, 7st 31b; Minerva, _7st 31b; Lucky Hit, 7st 21b; Black Diamond, 7st 21b; The Chanter, 7st 11b; Kingship, 7st 11b; Waverley, 7st; Agatha, Gst 1,21 b; Rebus, Cst 1 lib; Derision, Cst 101 b; St. Odille, Gst Sib; Honeycomb,. Cst 71b; Meerschaum, Cst 71b; lago, Gst 41b; Egbert, Gst 41b; Islander, Gst 41b; Mrs Jarlcy, Gst 21b; All Black, Cst; Phaon, Gst; Baron Ncckar, Gst; Ragman, Cst; Real Jam, Gst. Nursery Handicap,five furlongs.—Acme, 9st 81b; Blairgowrie, 9st; Maddelina, Sst 101 b; Halcyon, Sst 91b; Louise Berta,Sst 81b; Munwyrtiua, Sst Sib; Garibaldi, Sst 71b; The Nun, Sst 71b; Trojan, Sst 51b; Phillip Augustus, Bst4lb; Kenneth, Sst4lb; Meunotti, Sst 41b; Yule Cake, Sst 41b ; Chesham, Sst 21b; Fobber, Sst 21b;’ My Lady, Sst 211>; Telephone, Sst; Utopia, 7st 131 b; Bosnia, 7st 131 b; Lord Chancellor, 7st 121 b; Claudian, 7st 111 b; Damocles, 7st lllb ; Crossfire, 7st 101 b; Dividend,, 7st 101 b; Manxman 11., 7st 91b; Repose, 7st 71b; St. Paul, 7st 71b; Gemini, 7st 71b; Devotion, 7st 51b; Tamarisk, 7st 51b; Mieawber, 7st 51b; Lara, 7st 51b; Yellow Jacket, 7st 41b; Fernandez, 7st 41b; Geelong, 7st 41b; Essie, 7st4lb; Mistral, 7st 21b; Mansail, 7st 21b; Brigantine, 7st 11b; Coonoop, 7st; Retort, Gst 121 b; La Crosse, Gst 101 b; Irishna, Gst 101 b. Alphat, Gst 101 b; Anonyma, Cst 101 b; Master John, Gst 101 b; Clelia, Gst 71b; Dufferin, Gst 71b. 