SPORTING NEWS. SPORTING NOTES. (BY FLANEUR.) From all parts of the compass come the reports of successful races on Boxing Day. I am specially pleased to lear that the sport at Bungaree, Ballan, and Springdallah /I«, S n! XCepti °“ a ] 1 y gooc, > alid xxaTcojitre- Yi?it9r§° CCUIre ~ d t 0 mar tbe enjoyment of i te.ulnt Cd " lfie l ,i J ller6 ' Vda n Splendid ai tendance and ■ the racing was very good.- a backer’s point of Mew the ointment w^°l nSI ?- erablymlxed with flies, and as there £ ■ b^ tl '" e , t 0 f oiget the “mixture" be donS+^ he26 ‘n lUSt ‘ and tbe Ist prox., no doubt they wdi get anothereqnally baddoseon the latter date. It is consoling, however, to know that sometimes a had. start results in a good finish. f ; Vulcan was put about as a real good thing for the Hurdles, and when it became known tlnit Corrigan was to steer him, the “ good thing - became a “certainty.” The certainty was backed for sums that would have made the bald-headed ghost of Croesus quake, and, like the vast majority of turf certainties, it did not come off; in fact, it did not even nearly come off. There are scores—nay, there are scores of hundreds—of Victorian citizens blessed with mortgages which they will never redeem, huge debts which ■ they can never hope to pay—nothing—all acquired and accumulated by backing certainties. Once more, the noise which cannot lose is the horse which does lose, and the horse which can fall a dozen times and then get up and win is the horse that stauds up and then can’t win. Seahorse, the hero of the'Summer Cup, is a rare bit of stuff. His condition reflected the highest credit on Mr 11. Howie, and the manner in which he cut down a brilliant field and fought out a desperate finish, stamps him as game as a proverbial pebble. - Ted Power, who had the mount, rode him with great judgment. His vigorous efforts in the straight proved that when resolute riding is necessary he is master of the art. Camerine rau a good and game mare. A great many persons declared that had TTnlo» been up, the mare would have been first, aud Seahorse second. I watched the race closely, and in my judgment Fred. Archer could not have got an ounce more out of her than Trahan did. ■- Mernder’s win in the Steeplechase 'was quite unexpected, and consequently more meritorious. I know for a fact that the , stable money was on a “ lepper” from an other district. Once or twice this equine giant struck so heavily that it was almost 100 to 1 against his winning, and 100 to 1 that he would fall. Lady Ashton, on the strength of hard pulling, clean jumping, and a brilliant dash of speed for a mile or so, had built herself a steeplechase reputation which only required a bit of luck to make her a ‘‘second to none.” She had her bit of luck on Saturday, and as she failed to score, I think at current weights she must be numbered amongst the medio crities. The odds about the k’rect card correctly placing the horses are ordinarily about 100,000 to 1, but in the Steeplechase it was done. Mernder. Lady Ashton, Native, said the card, and so said the judge’s numbers. Dividend’s win in the Juvenile Stakes re sulted in a large cake of gold being secured by his following, and on the following Mon day large dividends were the stable orders of the day. Solo won the Malvern Handicap in such capital style that many persons cannot recon cile preceding performances. There are several horses in and around Victoria at the present time that can win as often as they are asked to. Fred Archer has ridden in the Dewhurst Plate in nine successive years. His record is o firsts, 3 seconds, 1 third. Plaisanterie and Foxhall are the only double winners of the two C’s—Cesarewich aud Cambridgeshire. Jack Hammond, the owner of St. Gatien, who is universally regarded as one of the luckiest men on the English turf, lost a big fortune by the defeat of his favorite in the Cambridgeshire. Never within the memory of man was so much actual cash put on a single horse at the post as was put on The Saint. It was his first defeat, and the way the French mare put him through is now a matter of history. The French mare, says a sporting writer, is plain even to ugliness, but she can go fast, stay well, carry a welter weight, and romp uphill with it as if it were a feather. This is another case of “ handsome is as hand some does.” Lord George Beutiuok, the Lord Para mount of the English turf, was a serious de faulter in his earlier connection with it. His total winnings arc estimated at a quarter of a million, half of which sum he won with Crucifix. Lord George did not value money for its own sake, but as an earnest of suc cess. 