traveIIer. Three Weeks in Southland, N.Z. BY FRANK hIOnLEY. (Continued.) How long have I been climbing this track, piking ferns, murdering Shakespeare, apostro phising tom.tits, and perspiring freely. Seems like an hour. I must be at least a mile above the level of the lake. Surely I can walk and moralise at the rate of a mile an hoar. Let me see what the aneroid says. Great Jehoshophat I only 500 feet I But the apparatus can't lie. I'm not more than 16g yarde above the lake yet. I don't think I'll climb Iount Ernmlaw this time. It would look like taking a mean advantage of the mountain, to practise on a wood track at the back of Kinloch first. Just here I found the following notice nailed to a tree, which I give verbatim : " Head of lake, June 7th, 1881. Notice.-This is to certify that I, John Snooks, have this day applyed for a claim for wood cuttling." The, nawnle wasn't Snooks, but that's no matter. I went on about fifty feet further, when I came to the concluston that in a struggle between stome clothesoand Now Zealand scrub the scrob would get the best of it. Then I paused and looked around me, preparatory to beginning my descent. There is not much to see certainly. My horizon is limited to about fifty feet. The interlacing leaves of the black birch (Betula nigra), the white birch the (1. elba), the red birch, the totara, and he various other trees and bushes, effectually shut out the rays of the sun from the damp also ground beneath, where ferns and scrub, in endless variety and profusion, flourish side by side in their struggle for existence. I am and now 550 feet above the lake, and for all the view I can get I might as well be in the deepest dungeon in the old Bastille, or down 've in the lowest level of the Magdala claim at Stawell. r- Returning, a very pretty object caught my *ed eye--a dagger-shaped pendant of ice hanging vas from the roots of a tree which grow upon the sdy edge of a cutting. The water percolating ads through the roots was frozen as it issued in lly drops, and the translucent icy stalactite, ivo about two feet in length, sparkled like a huge 'he diamond in the sunshino. e- But Ihave no more time to dawdle here, as a that sound which rolls in a thousand echoes ted from the hills is the fog-horn of the Jane Id, Williams, and she leaves Kinloch in less than ter an hour. In ten minutes more I am carving an of ancient hilcken for the Lady of the Lale, ad whose acquaintance I made this morning; ter and we are discussing the probability of the sun shining during the next forty-eight hours he in order to reveal the beauties of the scenery, at- which, up to this point, have been hidden by he an envious leaden sky. n The lady is undecided whether to go or he stay. "Do you think it is going to clear ts up," she asks. I look out at the window; y, then I return and put on my most sympa thetic, and withal my wisest look, and respond th somewhat ater the manner of the immortal ae Captain Cuttle: i0 "The wind is now in the sou-west. If so 'd be, my dear madame, that it shops round to Sthe nor-west, or nor-nor-west by nor, we'll al probably have a change. If the glassdoesn't go down any more it will very likely rise n presently; and then we'llhave some weather, ir It we don't have some weather we'll likely at have some sunshine." S"Dear mel how very annoying. I think I'll go back." " I don't think that you can gain much by staying here, madame I " "Do you really think it will clear up in a day or two? if so, I will stay." "Truly, madame, I think you are wise to d remain." 1 " After all I think I'll go." r " Well, on second thoughts, I believe you n are right."r "After coming all this way I don't like in leaving without seeing something." "I commend your resolution, madame; only dire necessity drives me away from these A hospitable shores. I envy you your chance of remaining to seae the sun shining in all his T glory upon those gloomy hills, and trans- be forming them, as by a magician's wand, into w all the color's lof the solar spectrum."a Y" e I I will remain." p " Adieu l" "Adieu I" c The Jane Williams is a little crift oeven s smaller than the Mountaineer. She is not, bh like her rival, got up regardless of expense. se She has no gorgeous saloon shining with wm brass and nickel, and upholstered with crim. se son velvet or some brilliant imitation thereof. of But she is a good little boat for all that; thb and her skipper is a decent follow, too; but an cela va sans dire, as he is an old Victorian, he and all Victorians are good men when they Th aren't the reverse. Now we are off. The lat Lady of the Lake stands in a pensive atti- wh tude, watching our departure. I think she tic is even now repenting of her final resolution. tab We steer straight for Glenorchy which it gleams across the water, about three miles eei away, like a miniature painting on a huge the gray canvas. When about half.way across we Wi get a fine view of Mount Earnslaw, which ein hitherto has been hidden by the smaller but bee nearer MountAlfred. What a rugged old giant Ca he looks with1 hip storm-tossed loeks of cloud on n r -ee ? , orY head, ant; wh barrister should be ass' a Commission in~ o1ri--d abandonei ,. sno mercy brtn.nes;.m. There Le is a glacier somewhere about Mount Ernslaw mit which I have not seen yet; but which I am tio quite prepared to take on trust, as the atmo- the sphere and the water are alike cold enough of to indicate the presence of half-a-dozen re apeatable glaciers. The Rees River here Ho joins the waters of the lake; and although eer just now it is comparatively low, the captain Ca assures me that it brings down an enormous sal volume of water sometimes, and that the he shingle at the mouth of the river is con- and stantly shifting. Th Half-an-hour steaming brings us alongside ver the wharf at Glenorchy. me We have not very much cargo to take on wh board; and presently we are off, our pas- bla senger list being reinforced by the addition is of a fur skin-covered hunter, with a vener- eel able and unkalizoic dog; which must be an extremely valuable animal if only half as na clever as he is ugly. wh While we are steaming along close in to the get shore which lies upon our left, the captain as enlarges upon the past glories of the old dig- otl ging days. There has been plenty of gold " got about Lake Wakatip. We are steaming Cr past the old Buckleburn ' diggins' out of Ly which tons of gold have been won by diggers mi in the olden days from shallow sinking. A be few Chinamen still hang about the old place Lei with the strange pertinacity of the race. They the make their tucker now, and that is about all. As But there are quartz reefs higher up the river sae which have been lately turning out well, and for a revival in mining about here is quite on the It cards. re The sun is still hidden by the gray pall ce which for the last two days has hung about o5f the limited area of sky which the tall monn. ss tains leave visible. But as we pass the poi islands a fugitive gleam of sunshine gives los us a momentary glimpse at the exquisite re pannorama for which the Lady of the Lake is isi sighing, I hope not vainly. Suddenly, as if £ by magic, a wealth of gorgeous color breaks hs from the hitherto gray and gloomy moun tains. In the foreground is Pig Island, or h Pigeon Island, it matters not which, as there bh is nothing in such unsuggestive names. The Je blueablack waters of the lake break in small is curling white-crested waves upon the basalt an foreshore of the island. The pale green of al the ferns and cabbage trees contrast vividly ex with the dark glossy leaves of the scrub. Away beyond the strip of water between us wr and the further shore, and forming the back- Iof ground of the picture, the gray and brown ve walls under the magic influence of sunlight, tii turn from gloom to gladness. Instead of wl black and gray and brown our eyes are glad- bi dened by tender harmonies and sweet nuances or of color. Deep purples, delicate blues, tender ns grays and a perfect diapason of all the colors B from the red to the violet end of the spee- de trum are reflected from the needle-like peaks at and shaggy sides of those hitherto gloomy di hills; and, high above all, the pure white of ju the snow almost dazzles the eye to look upon w it. But this gleam of sunshine is only It momentary; and presently, like the ghosts f tr dead memories, the glorious vision disap- as pears. It appears to me that the beauty of Now ci Zealand scenery depends a good deal upon d light. This sounds like a simple truism and some very smart reader may probably remark that "any fool knows that." But a what I mean, it, indeed, I have any meaning, g is that light plays a more essential part in Sproducing magnificent effects among New h Zealand mountains and lakes than any other a a factor. Each point and peak, every angle a and escarpment seems to absorb that portion Sof the composite solar spectrum due to its si molecular construction and its angle of in cidence. According to the law of optics, P there is no color generated by any natural body whatever. In thl white light af the sun we have the sum total elof all possible colors; i Sand the various hues which greet the eye of Sthe observer as the rays of the sun fall npon Ithose rugged eights are due to the sltig I b prone? which fibre light und0co~utbeofOa liei?Ig d reflected back. Sometimes all the light is g absorbed, and a dense blackness appears; e then the red, the orange, the yellow, the it green, the blue, and the violet rays are ab e sorbed or reflected as the case may be, result. t ing in all the colors being seen from come d point or other, and all blended into a bar. y monious whole by masses of grays and other p neutral tints in the way that only nature can a blood her colors; while mingling with the y clouds are the snow-clad peaks. S" Clothed in white samite, mystic, wonder 0 ful." eIt is very beautiful when the sun shines. The Lady of the Lake by this time is pro bably happy; as she must have caught a fleeting glimpse, if no more, of the beauties of Lake Wakatip, and the mountains, under the vivifying touch of "That orbed continent, the fire That severs day from night." But now " the glorious lamp of heaven" is hidden under thick masses of vapor. The sombre gray walls are unrelieved by any splash of color or gleam of light; the black waters of the lake seem blacker and more unfathom. able than over; the shore flits past indistinct and shadowy ; the trees and scrub appear out of the darkness in front, and disappear into the darkness behind, and, the wind tossing their branches, they seem to turn eternally like the lost souls in the Hall of Eblis. The wind begins to rise. As it blows over those snow-covered hillls, it swoops down as if it had just arrived from some antartic waste of eternal icebergs; and seems to be embued with a demoniac desire to cut your ears off. You walk about frantically to keep up the circula tion, or you cower behind the boiler of the engine, which, in the Jane Williams, rises up boldly through the middle of the deck ; and ever and anon you feel in the darkness for your nose, to make sure that you have some. thing more substantial on your face than a lifeless and frost-bitten reminiscence ofthe past. But there is not much of this. Presently we reach Queenstown, and in the comfortable hotel of Madame Eickhardt I find as good accommodation, as good liquor, and as good meals as the traveller will find out of Melbourne, or perhaps in it. (To be continued.) 