The Ministerial Tourists at Townsville. Tite Premier lias delivered liis first ad dress on his present tour to an audience not absolutely in sympathy with all he said. To the gentle ripples of dissent we may owe it that Mr. Griffith gave an unequivocal forco to his utterances on the topics which he introduced. Mis figures to prove that the northern dis tricts had received th"ir share of public money did not admit a confradie'ory reply. ' Had they been less conclusive it would hare remaned open to him tjp ihow that it is impossible to [hold a perfectly even balanco every ; year in the distribution of public money. "What, for instance, is tho basis on which it is to be made ? Failing to get a larger slice of the good things of the Treasury on tho basis of popu lation we may see some deeply injured community resting their claims on the acreage of their land and the number of their cattle. If more money has to be spent at the centre than along the line of the eircumstance no injustice is done. There are persons who think that it matters little about keeping tho heart : warm if they' can .apply plenty of friction to the extremi ties. The Premier caught his hoarors by appealing to their sense of justice if the northern territories were made a colony, with Townsrille- at its head. " What would you do," said Mr. Griffith, " for Uowen ?" And he played with their fears by asking, " Suppose Boweu were the capital, what would she do for you ?" Separation is not an im probability, but it will have to wait for the fulness of time. The question of eolourod labour generally stands clear of tho par ticular case recently , investigated by Royal Commission. . Standing amongst many persons more or less interested in the wrongful recruiting of the boys from Now Guinea and its neighbour hood the Premier bad the moral cour age to say it was a bad job. Every man of reason, not personally in terested, will applaud him, and others will, in their cooler moments, be thank ful, if not merry, to think that there is at the head of affairs a man with the courage of his convictions. Any other public man in Queensland might have done the same, but the • point is that the gentleman who happens: to bo at the head of the Government now has done it. The question of alienating millions of acres of land to remune rate persons willing to' construct a railway across,, this country, has again cropped up' with all the unwelcome features of a ghost that we thought had been for" ever laid to rest. The Premier called attention to the wakeful dogs that are watching their opportunity to rush in. • It is well that they have the' gift of a large patience.' At present thoBe who won are laughing, and they are the men in possession. The two main points of the Premier's speech will probably be referred to again by him, and may therefore wait for remark by us. The hilarity of the receptions has a some what ludicrous aspect, but it may be excused on the ground that Townsville aoe3 not see a Prime Minister every dav. - • 