I Turf Talk. I . Bt MARTINDALE. During the coming'week racing in New South Walos will be somewhat brisker than that of last. Our index shows that there will be race meetings at Liverpool on Wednesday, Tamworth on Wednesday and Thursday, at Cannonbar on Thursday, and on Saturday next at Canterbury Park. Tho rain during the past week bas not been heavy, but it was thought b*st to postpone tho raco meeting at Liverpool until Wednesday, consequently the meeting that is down for this afternoon will then be held, and should bo an enjoyable one, as the course ought to bo in excellent order. On Mon- day last Mr. Scarr issued the weights for the three handicaps, which appear in another column. In the July handioap, run for at six furlongs, I like best the chances of Faugh-a-Ballagh, Wanda, Miss Livingstone, and Pet Girl. In the Liverpool Handioap, a mile and a furlong, Faugh-a Ballagh is again fairly treated, as is also Freedom, Wanda, and College Boy. In the Weltor Handicap, Prodigal, Upper Cut, and Tristan should run for- ward. With Liverpool over, those that go to the country will be turning their attention to Tamworth. By the' list bf acceptances published elsewhere, it would appear to be a certainty that tho fields will be numerous.'/ In the two'prinoipal events, the Eàoe Club and Pool Uiver Handicaps, Wallangra holds the pride of place in the weights.,. In the first- named rim tor at li; mile he is weighted at 8st 21b,r and in the other," which is a couple of furlongs shorter, at 8st 31b. In'tho milo and %rhalf raco he should just about win, though Hazard and Godiva may prove trouble- some j'but at tho Peel River Handicap; if tho horsè is well, I do'not;thin* anything.oan boat Allandale. Freedom, if sent up, should also run forward.- Those who wish to bo present should loave the metropolis not later than Monday night. They; will tbon arrive in plenty of time,-and af ter witnessing the-two days' Bport can; if they so wish, bo baok in ample time for Canterbury Park on Saturday, v According' to accounts . reoeived, the late wet weather has some what interfered with the prepara-; tion of the new course at Rutherford. The com- mittee who are looking after the interests bf the Northern Jookoy Club aro by no means idle, and already close upon ¿8500 has been expondod. The weather, however, has so interfered with the work that it will be well into October before it will be possible to raoe upon it. Seeing that most of our leading sportsmen are then away in the; southern oolony, I think the N. J.O. would do woll to give their course plenty of timo, and leave it till the following month. . Plans for the grand stand ? and other buildings aro being prepared. . - í \- Tho running-off of tho various events comprised in tba programme of the V.R.C. Winter Steeple- chase Mooting engaged all attention upon Saturday last. Aocording to aocounts tho weather was some- what threatening, but that did not keop the sporting public away from Flemington. Amongst tho visitorw this oolony was especially well represented. With the exception of the flat raoe all the events produced easy wins, though oxcollont fields contested. The racing opened with the Maiden Hurdles,'for which Hippogriff by Aldinga from « Hippona went out favorite. ' Ho was - piloted." by Corri- gan, and won, cleverly.- . Raven,:..-.tho second favorite'.' never secured a placé.... In tho , Mn iden Steeplechase hackers again wero snjjcessfu),' .as Reti- rent, by- Silence; who wont out at 6..to 4, won as; he liked. -For'tho.Grand National Hurdle Raoe1 Shoot Anchor was looked upon as a real ,good thing, but, he failed to got amongst tho first thr09,.The Agent boat- ing Guardfish in tho run homo. Corrigan was again siiccoBsful in the Grand National Steeplechase on the sooond favorite, Wymlett, by King Tom; Sailor and Denmark following him home. The ohestnut gelding Plamborough, well-known to frequenters Of Rand- wick, was the soloctod favorite for . the Soiling Hur dlos; but was heaton easily by the Wagga horse Student, notwithstanding that he had Corrigan on hi? back... Sixteen went out for the Plat Race, Pavor at .7st 41b.boing the public pick. Ho; had no Bay iu tho finish, which was fought between The Ghost, who won by a head from Plausible, and Bohemian, who finished third, which brought matters to a conclusion. During tho afternoon there wero a groat number of falls, but'fortunately, with one exception, that of Tantalisor in the Grand National Hurdle Raoe, they were unattended with any serious oonsequenoes.; j "I was iii hopes this weok< of being' able to tell how someiof tho horses wore going at Randwick, but the weather- has bean such that it has prevented tho opening . of the course.- proper. On Tuesday last the Hon. J. White, accompanied by tho secretary, paid the course a visit of i in- spection, . with, a view of settling , upon a day upon which to opon the course for work. The result waa that another week's dölay was deoided on. This waB made oertaih on Wednesday, when-the rain came down in torrents. It must now bo fully ten years since the ' course had such a saturating. About that time ago ,I remember going out one morning with Mr; P. Tattersall, and the hollow at the baok was full of water, upon which a braoe of wild duoks Wero calmly swimming about. Should this weather ¿on -tinue, our horses will bo vory backward for their spring engagements. ¿.Ib is somewhat unfortunate for. the Mudgee folk that tho Sydaoy Turf Club have decided upon racing so olose upon their annual gathering. As far as tho metropolitan sporting public are concerned it makes no difference. Those that wish couldeasily mako tho trip to that pleasant town, witness tho two days' raoing, and then bo present at Randwick on tho fol- lowing day. Where tho trouble arises, however, is with the horses. With tho prospect of a good day's racing at Randwick, owners and trainers do not caro for facing a journey with its attendant expense, like that to Mugdeo, consequently they will not enter. ThÍ3 is great loss to the meeting, as it considerably enhances the Bporfc in tho eyes of the country folk if ' there aro horses from Sydney contending. The Mudgee Club have right upon their sido, as the dates for their meeting wero fixed, if I mistake not, in April last. This clashing in important sporting fixtures is a very serious thins. Only this woek a member of another branch of sport (cycling) called my attention to tho f aot that the Northern Hunt Club had "jumped," so ho expressed it, the date upon which, a great reunion of wheelmen is to take place on the Association Ground. He and his com- panions wore very wrathful. At the Bame timo, I could inform both, wheel and turf men that they both selected a date whioh had been chosen by Mr. Erank Smith for the running of his all-important Sir Joseph Banks Handicap. I would remind those owners who intend nominat- ing for the principal evonts of tho New England Jookoy Club Spring Meeting that thoy close upon Tuesday next. Tho Spring Haudioap, run for on tho first day, roooivos 50 sovs,andtho Carrington Handi- cap, which will form the feature of the Becond day's running, as 100 sovs added money. Both aro run for at favorite distances, and should receive numerous entries. ! Last Monday a rumgr wag ojrouJatod thatjlr, L¡_. Pyko, the well-known bookmaker, had dropped down dead in Melbourne. A s usual at any important race meeting1, Mr. Pyke attended tho, Grand National meet at Flemington, and it was also his. intention to have paid T>éniliquin a visit. He was deluged with wires, however, asking was it true. It is needless to say that it was only an idle rumor, and its foundation cannot be traced. It bas had, however, a very seri- ous off ect upon his mother. Last Tuesday was the date put down for the receiving of tho general entries for tho Canterbury Park race meeting to bo held on Saturday next Tho total number for tho five events was 59, quite enough to provide: excellent sport, should the weatbor prove favorable. Mr. H. Stockdale bas purchased privately from Mr. T. L. Baker, the yearling filly Queen of the South, by Henchman from Queen's Head. I Tho "Wollongong Turf Club are out with their dates for the next spring race meeting, to he held at the picturesque course on the hanks of the Tom Thumb. October- 21 and 22 are put down as the days for racing. They appear to fall very well, coming as they do between the spring meetings at Caulfield and Flemington. Sydney visitors that so wish can pay Wollongong a visit, and then have almost a week to spare before joarneying to Flemington to witness the y.E.G. Derby and Melbourne Cup run for. Excellent entries have boen received for the various events to- bo run for at Bosohill ou August 8.^ The/ entry closed^ on Tuesday last, and, by the- list published in another column, it will be seen that there are" no less than 119 names received for thofive events. The numbers in each event are "as "follow :-Spring' Handicap,' 34; Ex- change Plate, 14 ; Junior Handioap, 24 ; Novioos' Plate, 24 ; August Stakes., 23. ' , ; \, ?- A match bas been arranged in the northern dis triot between Mr; T. Cree's b h Doubtful and Mr. Kelly's ch h Joker; Tho distance is ono mile, and the stakes JJ25 a side. Wallsend raoooourse is to be the Boene of the match, and the date August 15. Aocording to a private letter received from the secretary of the Cobar Turf Club, Mr. S. E. Wood, the late annual raoo mooting, held on July 3 and 4, was a great success. Splendid entries were received, and with the exception of the Maiden Plato, tho finishes were very oloso and exciting. : Tho Maiden Plate opened the meeting, and. was won by Hard Times, who also finished second in the Flying Handi- cap. Stokes, Junius, and Muldoon oooupied the places in the Midwintor Handicap. The Publicans' Purse was won by half a length by Junius from Mul- doon and Stokes, the last named pair finishing a dead heat. On the second day Mr. Corrigan'sQùeerfellow won tho first event, and Dootor secured the Town Plate. Tho attendance was such that it gave tho purobaser a good profit on his outlay, and, taken all round, the meeting was a financial success. : The raoo properties in conneotion with the Canter- bury Park meeting will be disposod of at Fennelly's Bazaar on Monday next. * A further addition has neon made to tho pro- gramme issued for tho raoo meeting" to be held at Randwick on August 22, under the auspices of the Northern Hunt Club, The additional race is for horses the property of members : of a recognised Light Horse Corps. Tho conditions are as follows ¡ A trophy value 25 sovs for the winner, and a sweep- stakes of 1 sov.'for.starters to go to^second horse; for horses the property' of, and to be ridden by, mem- bers of the LigKt Horse ; weight list 81b,- no allow- ances; a winner,óf any prizo of the valúe of 50 sovs to carry 71b, and of 100, sovs ;pr;over 141b penalty ; 7 furlongs^ The .entries , olose on August- 3. ' The riders are to wear undress uniform,: with a 'distin I guisbing sash or sleeve knot. ' ? L'Y] According to the latest advices: from England the turf is abolit to loso Lord Rosebery, Who it is stated will shortly sell off his entire stud. In I the sanie message it was also stated that tho Prinoo of Wales intends to nominate something for the next Derby and Oaks. The Prince has always taken a lively interest in horso racing, and it is reported .landed a good stake on Melton ovor tho last Derby. The Prince of Wales's colors aro purple body and gold braid, scarlet sleeves, blaok velvet cap,- and gold fringe. Tho Yerong Racing Club and Eulowrie raco meet- ing have been registered by tho A.J.O.' V / * The Tasmanian brood maro Young Prudence, by Peter Wilkins from Prudence, died last week; She waa the dam of tho steeplechase horse Echo. BELL'S LOTS says wc hoar from a roliablo corres- pondent that Farewell, the One Thousand winner, was thought so little of for racing purposes ' as a' yearling that she was turned away with the mares to oe bred from. Sir Tatton Sykes, wh«n on a visit to Eaton liked tho daughter of Doncaster so muoh .that she was sent to Kingsclere tb be trained. In the trial previous to tho Two Thousand, Paradox gavo Farewell 211b and an easy boating, and it is evident that the fillies that ran ia the One Thousand were a very moderate lot. According to the balanoo-sheet to be submitted to the annual mooting of tho members of the Victoria Eaoing Club on Monday week, all the raoe meetings I bold at Flemington, with tbe exception of the Spring, are a loss to tho club. Tho profit made out of the last Spring meeting was ¿612,622 17s lOd. The heaviest loss was on tho Autumn meeting, the den- j oiency being ¿81693 53 3d. ' The los3 on the New Year's Day meeting was ¿8600 17s 3d, whilst the Grand National meeting last year only produced a deficit of ¿8151 ls 2d. After tho receipts from the Spring meeting comes the itom of ¿84785 in connec- tion with members' feos, and the bookmakers contri- bute the substantial sum of ¿81009 10s. This amount has beon received from 123 bookmakers, who have paid ¿25 for the privilogo of betting in the paddock, and 89 who have beon registered to business on the " hill," at ¿810 10s. Tho English correspondent of the AUSTRAL ASIAN. speaking of the Derby Day, says :-I shall not attempt to describe tho scene, or the paddook, or the ruffian- ism, or the miserable arrangements, the terrible crush and disorder, and the altogether discomfort attaching to a view or attempted view of the Derby. Personally, I always miss the first race, and so run down from London Bridge af tor the orowd, and after seeing tho Derby I got back again before the crowd. Of course I have done tho road many times and oft, and as I am getting older, I don't see muoh fun in being peppered with peas, flour, and occasionally an empty sodawater bottle " thrown in'" Tho annual raco mooting at Deniliquin appears to have been a succos3. Excellent fields oontested eaoh ovent and the finishes were very good. On the first the backers of Kisba backed him down to 2 to 1 for the Plying- Handicap of sis furlongs. Alex. Eobortson had tho mount and got his horso well away, but was defeated in tho run homo by William Toll. Strange to say the defeated favorite, Kisba upset a good thing in tho noxt race, the Warbreccan Handi- cap, of a milo. Sir CharleH with Eobortson up, went out at 2 to 1, while 10 to 1 was bad about Kisba, who came at tho finish and beat Sir Charles by throo parts of a longth. Joe's Indian Queen II. was looked upon as a good thing for the Mrst Hurdle Eace, but never got a place ; Brown Girl by Wizard, winning comfortably from Marie, with Letitia third. Backers had a turn .UV the Jookey Club Handipap, Tantaliser winning easily. Tho Midwinter Handicap was also a win for tho favorite, "William Tell. From Mr. C. Penfold; secretary, of the Canterbury (N.Z.) Jockey Clttb,-1 haye received a very.neatly ar- ranged little booie, containing programmes, &c;, for '85-'86. . . : v . . . ; _ The Now Zoamnd horse July has left for Australia. He is full brother ta Sir Modred, but was foaled in July, from which he derives his name. The cross-country rider; E. Mlvor, who had. the mount on Progress when be won our Grand National Steeplechase, has ngoin had the hard luck to put his collar-bone out. This was caused by Progress coming down with him on Saturday last. This is the fourth time bis collar-bone has been put Out. " Augur," of the AUSTKAIIASIAN, writes thath« had a look at the new training track which has been made at Flemington. It is notyet finished, but prob- ably will bo in a few days. It appears to be a capital job, oxcopt.that it ought to have been about 10ft wider, for whilo two horses aro cantering it will be , dangerous for others to pass them at a gallop. The new. railway platform is fast approaching completion, and the tunnel through which the grand stand visi- tors will make their way will bea groat improvement. The balanoo-sheet of the Victoria Racing Club was published last week, lt shows that tho profit on the last Spring. Meeting was ¿612,622 17s lOd. The loss on the last Winter Steeplechase Meeting was ¿814 11s 2d j on the New Tear's Day Meeting ¿6600 17s 3d; r and on the Autumn Meeting ¿61693 5s 3d. Members . nnntriKnt.A nnarlv .£5000. and tha bookmakers . inst over ¿64000. "Pendragon," of the English REFEREE, says : After all.tho silly, pother that has been made about. the deterioration of the English racehorse, it is grand to hear Mat.- Dawson, a mau of the highest and hardest practical, experience, expressing bis undoubted opinion that thoroughbreds are better than -ever they were before ; and that with regard to tho muok talked-about stayers of the days when four-mile heats were fashionable, a moderate borso of now could stay by the Bide of a obampion of then without being in any way extendod, and therefore without being in any way distressed. When the time for coming away arrived he would oome away w-taout an ofEort. Pace is the real criterion of staying power, as has baen here so often insisted. Eclipse is sup- posed by many to have been the fastest runner and the best stayer that ever lived. Mr. Dawson would not be inclined to favor the chances of Eolipse, if it were,possible to get,'"by;miracle or otherwise, that wonder of wonders baökjirito best shape again, and ho were in the Cesare witch of 1885, with any weight his trainer oared to deolare was best suited to bim. The fact is, that- it would bo impossible to han- dicap tho best horse of as little ago as 50 years with, the best horse of now by means of weight, unless' something quite out of all fair consideration were to, bo put upon the i latter-daysample;theirace would i , have to be arranged on the pedestrian p'rinbiple^anoV the ancient timer be allowed a start in yárds^ífMoi in furlongs. ' . The gates, booths, &c;, in connection with the en- suing Tamworth Race Club meeting were sold last week by Messrs. Nathan, Cohen, and Co., and realised in all ¿6137.103. The gatos brought ¿6101. ) The balanoe-sheotwhiohwas presented at the ninth meeting of the Victorian Trotting Club shareholders showed the receipts to bavo been ¿63260 Hs lld, and the expenditure ¿65447 17s, leaving a debit balance of ¿82187 5s ld to bo carried forward. The liabilities amount to ¿65020 3s 6d, but this amount is met by assets to a like amount ; the value of tho buildings and: improvements being set down at ¿61500. V' /Aooording to latest accounts Mr. Thomas Coke* has nearly rooovore.d from the accident, which bofel bim à few weeks ago.. ; He4s now able to get about * again. . j, '?? Tho well-known cross-country'.: rider, Donny* Cal« lañan .' tas located;, himself ; at' Flemington. He has several boxes and will train horses," t Mr."W. Gordon w^s successful with his beautiful - filly ¿Sandal, at Port Augusta, where she won the Port Augusta1 Cup, boating The Lawn, Exile, and others. Sandal is half-sister to Footstep and Lord Wilton, by Winterlako from Instep, by Lord Clifden, and was bred by Mr. William Blaokler, who leased her to Mr. Gordon f or.raoimj purposes. ' Tho English sporting writor "Kapier" says:-I note that a good long timo ago there were some sharp people at what is now the turf metropolis. In the reign of Edward I. an inquisition was held, and a 'jury found that a robber carno into Nowmarkot, and stole a horso worth 14s, whereupon Nicholas.le Reos, tho king's bailiff, arrested man and horse, both of which he detained in custody. Fourteen shillings was not much to give for a horse, but, of courso, 14s in the reign of Edward I. represents a comparatively large sum now. However, tho point of tho story is that while tho thief was in durance ho soizod the opportunity of stealing tho bailiff's purse and bolt, ana escaped with the plunder. It would have paid Master Nicholas le Rees better if he had not been sucoesBful in capturing this very light-fingered varlet. ¡ ? There was some extraordinary ra oing at Rockaway, in the States, the othor day, if the account in the NEW YORK HERALD is correot. The affair started! with a half-mile race-for qualified hunters, asome* what short courso to test tho capacity of a hunter, one would think. " All tho horses had their front; hair braided and their back hair banged," the reporter states, as the result of an investigation of tho animals* . manos - and tails. The favorite was beaten by a; creature which suddenly "seemed to think that he had a train to catch," so ho hurried. Then there was a steeplechase.' It was thought that a horse called Ecuador would win, but " when he got as far as tho first jump he _ deoided that hehad had allhe wanted," soho stopped. Another oame along as if he was on roller skates j several foll, others ran round their fences, and they "mixed things so that it took tho judges twenty minutes to decide who had won." We can only hope that the race was given to, say, ono of tho first three or four. In tho States, a3 here, aro to be found "benevolent individuals who wantedto sell 'tips' warranted to enablo tho purchaser to win all his bets. One descendant of an African nobleman asked only 10 conta tor tño privilege. i The value of tho last English Derby Staked was ¿84525, a slight falling off from last year, when Sir John Willoughby and Mr, J. Hammond divided ¿84600. Melton's Dorby time comes dose totho2inin 43sec credited to Kottlodrum and Blair Athol in 1861. and 1864 respectively. The son of Master Kildara' and Violet Molroso accomplished tho distance in 2mi]j| 43 2-5seo, while last year the dead-heaters, St«. Gatton and Harvoster, occupied 2min 46 l-5seo. The . previous timos read as follows :-In 1833, St. Blaise, 2min 48£seo ; in 1882, Shotover, 2min 45Jseo ; ia 1881, Iroquois, 2min 50soo ; 1880, Bend Or, 2mia 46seo ; 1879, Sir Bevys, 8min lsec ; 1878, Softon,, 3min ; 1877, Silvio, 2min 49isec ; 1876, Kisber, 2min 44sec; 1875, Galopin, 2min áSseo : 1874, George' Frederick, 2min 46£seo¡ 1873, Doncaster, 2mio, 50soo ; 1872, Cremorne, 2min 45|seo; 1871, Favonios, 2min 50seo. ' The Prefect of Police at Paris still continues to take stringent measures against the betting agenoies ; the authorities being determined not to allow betting to bo carried on except on the racecourses, gomo; v.. littlô time bock tbe police ordered the establishment . known as the "Intermédiare du Turf," which is "?? situated in the. Bue do Choiseul, to be closed, and they have now made a raid trpon the offices of " williams's Turf," in tho Rue Lepeletier, and con- fiscated all the books and money found in the pro- prietor's possession. ^ The proprietor carried on the business of a commission agent as well as a tipster. 