EPITOME OF NEWS. We compile the following from the various journals to hand:— On Wednesday evening, Mr. A. S. Browne, Mount Vincent, remarks the Mercury, experienced an ac cident of a very unpleasant cha racter, and one narrowly escaping being attended with serious conse quences. Apprehending a call from an unwelcome visitor, Mr. Browne proceeded to load his re volver, when one of the barrels went off, and a portion of the con tents entered the fleshy part of the left hand. The remainder of the charge passed close to one of the members of Mr. Browne's family. Mr. Anderson, the managing di rector of the Orient Company, has arrived in Sydney. Sydney, Friday.—Great excite ment prevails in Melbourne to-day over information published in the later editions of the morning pa pers that three Russian men-of-war are at Cape Town, waiting the rendezvous of seven others. A banquet was given in the Town Hall, Sydney, last Friday, by the Mayor of Sydney to the Mayor of Melbourne. 'There were present besides the guest the following gen tlemen :—Sir Alfred Stephen, Sir John Robertson, Sir Patrick Jen nings, the Colonial Treasurer, and a number of aldermen. After lun cheon, the usual toasts were duly honoured. We (Dubbo Dispatch) regret to say that the men Angel and Thur ston, who escaped from Coon amble Gaol and who have been declared by the coroner's jury guilty of the murder of Warder Mitchell, are still at large. Some information regarding their movements has been gathered by Sen. Constable Cusack, of Gilgaudra. On Monday be reached a hut in the Warrumbungles, and discovered that the two had been there on the previous Saturday night. Thurston only then got the leg-irons off He had cut the con necting chain, and tied up along each leg the piece of chain. It was not, however, till he reached the hut that lie managed to get the rivetted rings off his legs, which were in a fearful condition. They were very much swollen. Thur ston was scarcely able to walk, and several times he had to be carried on his companion's back. Cusack and other, troopers are now hunt ing the pair in the mountains. The vintage is now in full swing at all the principal vineyards in the Albury district, with most encourag ing results, the quality and quantity of the yield being above the ave rage. The demand for wine appears to be also improving, some of the larger manufacturers experiencing some difficulty in obtaining an ade quate supply. The price paid for grapes ranges from £6 to £7 per ton. The Council of the Rifle Volun teer Force in South Australia have decided to support the movement to send an Australian team to Wim bledon, and have issued circulars asking subscriptions to defray the expenses of the Adelaide men, which are estimated at £350. A suggestion has been made that the following men should be sent:—New South Wales 3, Victoria 3, Queensland 2, South Australia 2, Tasmania 1. The team to leave in May next, and each colony to select a captain in turn if a team be sent home yearly. The New Zealand Government have received from King Maliteoa, of Samoa, a copy of the Samoa An nexation Act. Active preparations are being made in Melbourne for the defence of Port Philip. In addition to the 20 Whitehead torpedoes ordered from England, the Minister of Defence has ordered, through the Agent General, another battery of 12½ pounder field guns, to be accom panied by a full supply of ammuni tion. The question of providing a temporary means of defence for the South channel until the fort for it is built, has been under considera tion for some time past. One of the most recent proposals was to place three hulks in position within the annulus, protect them with sand bags, and mount two 9-inch guns on them, and one 80 pounder gun, while some preliminary diffi culties connected with the proposal are being dealt with. It was found that with the assistance of the Public Works Department a still better arrangement could be made. It is now intended to erect two plat forms for mounting two 9-inch guns. The platforms will be 40 square and 40 feet apart, con nected by a narrow gangway at the rear, and when completed they will answer the purpose of the tem porary defence of the channel ad mirably. The Mercury says:—A Fatal Load: Mr. John Walsh, of Hunter street, in this town, has shown us several stones taken from the sto mach of a horse his property which lately died. These contents of the animal's inside number four, and weigh altogether four pounds and a quarter. Their external appear ance is smooth and of a dirty white colour, and their structure, revealed on breaking them, shows that they have been slowly built up by de position of particles. A fractured edge exhibits the thin laminae of which the mass is composed, but there is in the case of two out of four which we broke, apparent evi dence that the process of deposition was completed and renewed, for the outer crust envelopes a second crust, which in its turn encloses a third, and so on until the original core is reached. One of the stones is small, yet it contained a core with a fairly smooth sur face, an envelope of this Core and an outer envelope which had taken the smooth surface common to the other three completed de posits. Few people can realise what is being done in the sister colony, in the way of saving water. Besides several schemes of water supply for towns there are many executed or in course of construction, under the water trusts created by recent le gislation. In a report before us, contributed to the Melbourne Ar gus. we read of a reservoir at St. Arnaud, which impounds 42,000,000 gallons. That is a town supply, of old date, but Donald, in the same shire, enjoys a supply under one of of the new water trusts, a weir in the Wimmera at Glenorchy having i diverted water for 60 miles. Where there was formerly a dry river bed, that is, there are now 60 miles of water. Works at Lake Buloke, a nominal sheet of water, 20,000 acres in extent, has been made by the Wimmera trust an actual lake, a mile long, half a mile wide, and now a foot deep. It has been fif teen feet deep. What was once a race course has become a scene of a regatta; wild fowl haunt the spot, and immense quantities of stock are watered at this splendid reservoir. With some further ex penditure, local irrigation will be come practicable, for more water can be stored, if money be forth coming. These are three instances of conservation, and in one case the work is credited with having kept in existence what is now a thriving agricultural township. At the Gundagai police court, the other day, Thomas Butler, Harry Keogh, and Peter Lawrence, were charged with assaulting and rob bing a Chinaman, at Muttawa, in January last. The prisoners were arrested on warrant at Michelago, and sent on to Gundagai to be dealt with. Butler and Keogh were each fined £20 or one month, and Law rence was discharged. A man named Robert Foster was brought up lately at the Gundagai police court charged with assault ing his wife, and was ordered to find sureties for his good behaviour for six months, in default to be fined £20 or one month in gaol. At the Braidwood Quarter Ses sions recently, William Williams, farmer, pleaded guilty to fero ciously assaulting his wife. Many gaol records were shown against him for assaults and horse-stealing. He was sentenced to five years' im prisonment with hard labour, and the Judge ordered a divorce. The building trade is active in Hay, as the belief is general that a good season is at hand; and the town being made the centre of the lands office, and the seat of the bishopric, must result in its rapid progress. It will be fresh in the memory of our readers (says the Narandera Argus) that Mr. Angus Robertson of Yarrabee Park, some time ago stated his intention of offering a prize of £200 to be competed for at the Wagga and Narandera Pastoral Shows. No conditions were de finitely decided upon, but it was, we believe, proposed that the prize should be given for sheep to be shown at two successive shows at each place. Mr. Robertson has since deemed it advisable to divide the handsome prize between the two associations, the committees of each to submit conditions for the donor's approval within a month. Mr. Robertson has banded to the proprietor of this journal the two cheques, for £100 each, accompa nied by the following letter:—"I cover my two cheques for £100 each, to be placed to the credit of the Narftndera and Wagga Pastoral Associations respectively, a special meeting to be held within a month from this date for conditions to be drawn up for my approval. My sole object in giving this prize is to induce the best sheep in the colo nies to compete at the show in this district.—Yours faithfully, Angus Robertson, Yarrabee, March 7, '85." The Dubbo Dispatch says On I Thursday, 19th inst., a child nameioa Esther Kate Weston, residing with her uncle, Laclilan Stewart (a boun dary rider on Mr. E. Flood's Berida Station), left his hut about 9 a.m., accompanied by two of Stewarts children, the eldest of the party be ing ten years of age. In about half-an-hour the two Stewarts re turned without their little cousin (aged two years). Mrs. Stewart, who was alone at the tune, then went in search, sending her eldest son, on his return home about 11 a.m., to inform Thomas Foran, of Black Stump, of the occurrence. Mr. Foran not being successful in his search, word was sent to Berida head station, when the hands there and volunteers from Collie (in all about fifty horsemen) turned out. The search was continued until Satur day, 21st inst., when about 4 p.m., the dead body of the child was found by Mr. Thomas Sheeby in Foran's Paddock, some three miles distant. The body was much dis coloured. When unable to walk any longer, the poor child had evi dently crawled on its hands and knees, vainly endeavouring to find the help it needed, and what its sufferings were no tongue can tell. The little thing was lost over 50 hours. A splendid change has taken place in the weather at Bourke. Two of the heaviest laden teams that have travelled between Cobar and Nyngan for some time left Cobar last week. Two waggons, each carrying eight tons of copper and drawn by ten horses, were de spatched for the railway station at Nyngan on Thursday. Saturday's Newc. Heraad says: —Some unusual excitement was experienced in Colton-street last evening. Numbers flocked to the scene. The first intimation that something amiss was stirring was an Adamstown omnibus, contain ing a marriage party, coming up the street at a smart pace. Their destination, of course, was the of fice of the registrar. Upon reach ing their destination they alighted, and on making enquiries, those who were waiting to be linked in the holy bonds were informed that the gentleman they were in search of was indisposed. Nevertheless they decided to remain for a time (only two hours) to see if the registrar would become convalescent. They did wait, and much to their disgust, bad to depart, there being no ap pearance of any person to tie the desired knot. The party then pro ceeded up Watt-street to the par sonage of the Rev. Mr. Gordon, where fate was again the reverse of generous to them, because the rev. gentleman was out. His son voluntarily went in search of him, but without success, and the bridal party had to depart without being united. The presiding magistrate at the Newcastle poliee court lately re marked during the hearing of a wife desertion case that lie had quarrelled fifty times with his wife, but had made it up again. The Postmaster General has just issued an official instruction upon gambling and betting, in which he says:—" A case having recently occurred in which betting on horses and playing with cards for stakes far beyond what the players could afford to lose were proved to have taken place, not only on the official premises, but in some instances dur ing the official hours, the Post master General has felt constrained to direct that the superior officer who had taken part in and en couraged these malpractices should be dismissed, and that of six subor dinates one should be required to resign and five be reduced in their class, the reduction ranging from four to 44 steps. A postman also who acted as housekeeper has been deprived of the housekeepership as well as his good conduct stripe. The Postmaster General deems it his duty to make these punishments known by way of warning, as in the case of Post Office servants he regards gambling in any form as an offence and one which it is in cumbent on him to put down." We (Mebcetby) are not among the num ber of those who condemn the re-appear ance itself of Sir Henry Parkes in the political arena. This is a free country. Every man is within certain limits at liberty to do exactly what he pleases. Sir Henry Parkes has served the country so long, and on the whole so well, that he had fully earned the right to retire from politics if he felt so disposed. And he lay under no obligation whatever to ex cuse or explain such a step. Thus the Echo :—The special business of the special session has been concluded ; the action of the Government has been formally approved; the Indemnify Bill has been transferred from the Govern ment to the Parliament. The ghost of the violated Constitution lias been laid until the uext general election. Perhaps it may be raisedagain then; but it will be an ill-mannered ghost if it should disturb us any more during the life of the present Assembly. John Barrett, has been convicted at Hobart, of being one of the Beaconsfield bank robbers, aud sentenced to four years' imprisonment. Charles Ward, charged with perjury in connection with the action of damages for arrest as a Beaconsfield Bank robber, was tried the other day before Sir Henry i "I ey. The prisoner swore at the hearing of the action that he had never been in prison, but witnesses from Mel bourne and Sydney gave evidence that he was a well-known convict. He was found guilty, and sentenced to six years' impri sonment with hard labour. Only one family and two single men from the recent immigrants now remain at the depfit, Brisbane. There is a good demand for labourers of all classes, and servant girls are not to be had. Patrick Griffiths, who recently jumped overboard from the Katoomba (s.), on the passage from Sydney, was again brought up at the Brisbane police court last Wed- nesday, and charged with attempted sui cide. The accused was discharged on ac count of insufficient evidence. Mary Delaney and Ellen Grealy, who were remanded recently at the Wodonga Police Court on a charge of murdering the J illegitimate male child of the latter at Kergunyah, in February, were again brought before the Wodonga Bench lately. As a further investigation did not warrant the prosecution in proceeding j with the capital charge, the prisoners were jointly charged with the minor of- fence of concealment of birth. The evi dence showed that the child was horn on February 2, and that the body was burned in a hollow log next day. Both prison ers had admitted burning the body after the child died. The accused were com mitted for trial, bail being allowed in £50 each. Mr. Stow, third son of the late Judge Stow, died at Adelaide, last Friday, aged 21\. His death was the result of a col lision with another cricketer on the Oral ten days ago from which he never reco vered consciousness. The use of the Mechanics' Hall at Launceston has been refused to Miss Ada CampbellTor freethouglit lectures. The Melbourne Age reports that a pri soner of the Crown named James Web ber, 42 years of age, under a sentence at Pentridge of two years for cattle-steal ing, was found dead in bis cell in the A division on Wednesday morning. The district coroner held an inquest at Pent ridge yesterday on the remains. Mr. Gale, governor of the gaol, stated that deceased was received at the prison on the 7th instant, and was at once removed to the prison hospital. Dr. Stewart stated that deceased on being received at Pentridge, was suffering from dropsy and heart disease, and he admitted him to the hospital, and on the 21st instant, the dropsy having disappeared, he sent hiin to the A division to carry out his sentence, but medicine was still given to deceased. Ward Meagher, on going to Webber's cell at a quarter past 10 a.m. to warn him for exercise he found him dead, sitting on the wood he was engaged in picking. A verdict of death from heart disease was returned. A man at present unknown fell from the rigging of the ship Ingleside, at Woolloo mooloo wharf, the other afternoon, and was killed instantly. The Victorian Parliament has been fur ther prorogued till the 14th May. The Queensland Supreme Court Judge ship, vacant by the death of Mr. Justice Pring, lias been offered to Mr. J. F. Gar rick, Agent General. The Government have telegraphed to him to that effect. It is not intended to temporarily fill the of fice, pending the permanent appointment. Should Mr, Gar rick accept this position his elevation to the Bench it is said will meet with general approval. It is authoritatively reported that the late Judge Pring died from bronchitis caused by a severe cold. Mr. F. R. Martin, chemist's assistant, 22 years of age, died recently in the Mel bourne hospital from the effects of opium, which he swallowed the previous night while suffering from the effects of drink. Ouly a few issues back we (Bathurst Free Press) chronicled a sad accident to a man named McGarry, while he was engaged with a threshing machine, he having died a few hours after the acci dent. The family felt the shock severely, and had scarcely realised their loss when again they were thrown into trouble. On Friday night Mrs. M'Garry, Sen., mother of the unfortunate man who was killed, was engaged on the farm, near White Rock. She had been butter-making, and the butter was placed in tubs. Being desirous of cooling this, Mrs. M'Garry carried the tubs into the yard and at tempted to pull one out of the other. While doing this she overbalanced herself and fell to the ground. She was unable to rise, and was assisted into tbe house, where attentions were paid to her by her family ; during the night she suffered in tense pain, and on Saturday a messenger was sent for Dr. Machattie. The doctor went to White Rock as soon as possible, and as soon as he saw Mis. M'Garry he said her thigh was broken, and recom mended her removal to the Bathurst Hos pital. The doctor considers the case a very serious one, and the danger is in creased through the age of Mrs. M'Gariy, she being between GO and 70 years of age, and her present low physical condition consequent on the recent trouble through which she passed. Murrurundi is agitating to be incorpo rated as a borough. The Toowoomba Chronicle says :— Yesterday a hen's egg was brought to our office, and it was certainly the largest spe cimeti of the kind that we have seen for a long time. It measured eight inches, by six inches, and was iu every respect larger than an ordinary goose egg. The Taroom correspondent of the Bris bane Courier says:—An accident oc curred about forty miles from here to Mr. George Boulton, of Springvale, that might have terminated fatally. It appears he had placed a gun up a tree (muzzle down wards, the gun being loaded) for a short time, and upon his return lie took hold of the muzzle of the gun carelessly, the ham mer caught in a limb, and the gun went off, the bullet passing through the fleshy part of his thigh just above the knee. Fortunately no serious damage was done beyond incommodating the sufferer for a time. It is wonderful that the weekly cautions people receive from the careless use of firearms do not have the effect of making them more careful in the handling of loaded firearms. The Toowoomba Chronicle says:— The other day a Leyburn correspondent gave an account in our columns of the poisoning of a valuable sheep dog, the property of Mr. Overton Bell, of Ley burn, by one James Clark. At the Ley burn police court last Monday, before tbe Police Magistrate and Mr. J. Porter, J.P., Clarke was charged with the of fence. The prisoner stated that he only carried the stuff in the match-box for the purpose of destroying mice. He said he was not in the habit of poisoning other peoples dogs, as he set a high value on his own. It transpired during the hearing of the case that only .ten minutes elapsed from the time the prisoner was seen spreading the stuff on the meat till the dog died, showing that the cause of death must have been stryclinine. The Bench did not give prisoner the option of a fine, but seutenced him to four months' impri sonment in Toowoomba Gaol, with hard labour. The Bishop of Riverina has resolved to make Hay the seat of his bishopric. The Brisbane Observes says that in Queensland the sugar industry is dying out, wheat-growing on the Downs doesn't pay, and that it will take the pastoral in terest two years to recover the losses of last year. As a proof of the old adage that reports never lose anything in transmission, we reprint a telegram that appears in an Eng lish paper—the Liverpool Weekly Re cord—of Saturday, January 31. It reads thus:—Terrible Railway "Accident! 40 Persons Killed. Sydney, Thursday. The accident on Sunday evening to the mail train near Wagga Wagga is a very terrible j disaster. The line, it is now found, was undermined by the floods duriug the late \ heavy rain, and as the express came up, it dashed into the creek. The carriages telescoped each other, and about forty passengers were killed, while many more { were injured. The South Australian Government have accepted a contract for the supply of 34,000 lbs. of corned beef, at over 3d. per lb., for the'Indian Government. A Maori prophetess at Kawa Kawa, N.Z., has fixed the beginning of the mil lennium for the 28th instant. At Hokianga, N.Z., a Tohunga has arisen who states that Christ's mediation is only for the Pakehas, and he offers to the Maoris his own plan of salvation. His system is to make burnt sacrifices of cats and dogs, and he is now having an altar built, on which he states that he will sacrifice his own daughter, she hav ing given her consent. The police, how ever, will interfere and prevent the sacri fice. The steamer Triumph, which was wrecked near Auckland about a year ago, has been thoroughly repaired and refitted, and will again enter on the intercolonial trade. There is much disgust at Walgettat the Government not finishing the new gaol at, that place. The Walgett people are looking ahead. The News of the 14th says:—It is cur rently reported that the following gentle men will submit themselves as Parlia mentaiy candidates for this electorate at the next general election :—Messrs. Chas. Collins, D. M. Jones, F. W. Buchanan, James Moseley, and C. Close. On Thursday night, the 12th March, a thief stole a horse, sadde, and bridle from the residence of Mr. A. Bailie, ranger, of Forbes. He rode off, following Bailie's tracks a short distance towards Forbes, and then turning off on to the Parkes road, where they were followed next morning by the tracker Glass and trooper as far as the Tichbourne, and from thence to near Parkes, where the tracks were lost. The mare was subse quently found near Gunningbland horse paddock, and was brought into town on Monday last by the Dandaloo mailboy, and restored to its owner, minus saddle and bridle. The saddle and bridle were afterwards recovered. In his place in the Assembly, on Wed nesday, Mr. A. G. Taylor offered an ex planation in reference to a statement he made last session concerning Mr. Moseley, a magistrate at Narrabri. That statement contained a charge of cruelty against Mr. : Moseley, based upon information given by a person named Wright.- Upon enquiry being made, Wright was compelled to withdraw the statements, and admitted that they were false. Under these cir cumstances Mr. Taylor felt obliged to withdraw the statements he had made in the Honse last session, and he expressed regret that he had been the innocent me dium of making the charge. The Squatting Investment Company of Goulburn have commenced an action against Permewan, Wright, and Co., to recover £30,000 for alleged non-delivery of stock. Every day (wisely remarks the Dubbo Dispatch) the necessity for a larger mea sure of local government becomes more apparent and urgent. The wants of the country districts would be much better attended to by bodies elected by them selves than under the bureaucracies which now rule. Edward Fisher, who assaulted Consta ble Key, of Wickham, last December, was on Saturday morning seutenced to three mouths' hard labour in Maitland gaol. When sentence was passed pri- soner asked whether he could not have the option of paying a fine, but his worship said no, the case was too serious a one. Prisoner looked very blue when he left1 the court to go up from the public gaze for the period meutioned. The following is the dying declaration of Acting-gaoler Mitchell, who was re cently shot at Coonamble:—" I am act ing-gaoler at Coonainble gaol; at about a quarter past six o'clock this morning, the 12th March instant, I opened the door of the guard-room Coonamble Gaol; the warder just then came into the cell where the convicted prisoners Angel, Thurston, and Courtney were confined; I heard a noise in the cell as if a man was being strangled ; I came in and the war der was lying down on the cell floor; and Angel was strangling him and Thurston was taking the revolver from him ; I made a rush and- Courtney knocked me over ; Angel then got the revolver and both he and Thurston rushed at the cell door; Angel said ' Keep back or I'll shoot you ; I made a rush to try and get the revolver from Angel when he shot me ; they then shut the warder and myself together with Courtney, who did not get away, owing to Warder Langley's threatening to kill him if he moved in the cell and rushed away." The boiler of the Phoenix flour mill at Wagga burst on Monday, damaging £600 worth of property. No one was hurt. The case of Brown v. the Commissioner for Railways, for damages for injuries re ceived at the late railway accident be tween Ipswich and Brisbane, was con cluded ou Tuesday, and resulted in a verdict for plaintiff for £3000. Brown, it is stated, is permanently injured, aud his life is likely to be shortened by the accident. We (Cooktown Independent) regret to learn that the blacks have made another raid on Harry Jones, spearing and roast ing several valuable cows. Four civilians —all experienced bushmen—surprised about 120 Myalls in their camp near Kul burra, and found the carcase of a cow splendidly boiled between two sheets of bark raised on stones above a log fire. Our informant says that Soyer could not have either roasted or Beasoned the feed better, and wonders where the appetising herbB were found. As usual, the police were reposing at the Laura. A corre spondent, however, asserts that Jones keeps only one white and two black pro tectors on his stations, where at least half a dozen good bushwen are required. At King's Plaius, too, one horse and two bullocks have been speared and eaten, and on the Endeavour and M'lvor the settlers are compelled to keep their cart ridges dry and their rifles ready. If this sort of thing goes on much longer the settlers will be compelled to form a Vigi lance and Mutual Protection Corps from the Bloomfield to the Kennedy, and ignore the black police altogether. An accident (says the Rockhampton Bulletin), which unfortunately termi nated fatally, happened on Saturday last to an elderly man named Edward Harris, employed by Mr. E. S. Lucas as gardener at his residence on the Berseker Range, near Lake's Creek. It appears that a short time ago Mr. Lucas bought a pony for the use of his children. The animal' proved rather spirited and flighty, and on Saturday Harris was asked to ride it into Rockhampton to get certain provisions needed for the household, and to quieten the pony. He started early in the after noon, executed his commissions, but did not return in the evening. He was subse quently discovered lying in the bush in an insensible condition a short distance from Comley's, and in the direction of Mr. Lucas's residence with a pipe and match box beside him, and the horse gone. He was taken to the hospital, but never regained consciousness, and died at half past two the following morning. It is supposed from the position in which Harris was found that he was lighting his I pipe, when the animal he was riding be came restive and threw him. "Augur," in last Saturday's Austral asian, writes:—Bookmakers, as a rule, are not angels, and when they commit themselves they receive but scant con sideration. Nor should their deeds of benevolence be forgotten. One of the fraternity last week showed an example which might, well be followed by other turfmen who land a big stake. I allude to Mr. Samuel Raiusbuy, who had a good time at the late V.R.C. autumn meeting, and didn't forget his brethren in distress, for he sent to the Argus a cheque for £150, to be distributed amongst the prin- cipal charitable institutions in the city, Go thou and do likewise, say I to those who may be fortunate enough to appro priate a big sum at the next important meeting. Ferguson, who rode Tand stickor in the Elsternwick Park Steeple chase, did something which will always be regarded as an honourable action. He had backed Our Boy with Royal Maid for the1 double (Hurdle Race and Steeple chase), and, with money promised, stood to win about £200 if Our Boy won tbe Steeplechase. He rode Tandstickor, and just beat Our Boy. Comment on con- duct like this would be superfluous 78 matriculation students out of 115 passed the recent University examina tion. The Mackay Mercury is responsible for the following :—Captain Sam. Craig, of the schooner Princess Louise, who has lately returned from the coast of New Guinea, says that when on shore at St. Stephen's Island he saw a monstrosity in the shape of a man whose body measured ; 2ft. 6in. The head was nearly 3ft. long and veiy large. The natives carefully tended the creature (for whom they showed great affection) and they would not let Captain Craig go near for fear of injuring it. Afterwards they removed it to another part of the island to prevent its possibility of being stolen. Captain Craig on his next visit intends to get specimens of the men with tails,. who are \ supposed to dwell about that quarter. With these and other rarities it is his in tention to start an exhibition in Sydney. We (the Gympie Times) learn that a company is being formed in Brisbane to establish an ostrich farm on the fine pro perty at Coolum, Noosa, owned by Mr. Walter Hay, which is considered pecu liarly well suited to such a purpose. Most of the shares, we hear, have already been taken up. The Western Independent says:—A very serious accident happened last week to a little boy, years old, son of Mr. Thomas Quirk, Mayor of this town. The little fellow was in the mill yard when he either fell from a stack of billet-wood, or 1 a piece of billet-wood fell upon him, or he ' was hit by a stone, it is supposed by a mis- , sile from a catapult, the blow or fall being j sufficient to cause a fracture of the skull with depression of bone. The sufferer was of course rendered insensible, and lias been unable to account for the acci dent. Dr. Rygate was immediately sent for, and shortly afterwards Dr. Cod ring ton, of Orange, was telegraphed for. Everything that can be done for the poor boy has been done. The wound is in the: forehead, just above the eye. The laud fever in Sydney seems to abate none of its intensity. Saturday's sales totalled over £30,000. The Rev. W. G. Lawes is translating the Gospels into the dialect spoken by the ; Motu tribe of New Guinea. The Brisbane Telegraph, in speaking of the late Mr. Justice Pring, says :—For four years afterwards, Mr. Pring prac tised as a barrister in England, chiefly, however, in his native county, and was fortunate enough to make his mark as a criminal lawyer at the Devon Quarter Ses sions. The news of the discovery of gold in Australia operated on his mind as it, had done on many thousands of others of j all positions, whose ideas of rapid for- tunes beiDg made in a few months at the goldfields had caused them to desert everything for the second El Dorado. Mr. Pring, when he departed from Bri- tish shores, in 1853, had no intention whatever of following up the practice of his profession ; for some time after his ar rival he joined a number of men who were about to try their luck at tbe dig gings near Bathurst, where, it may be re membered, gold was first found in the mother colony. His success, however, was not particularly great, and finding his own calling a more lucrative one, he settled down at Sydney as a barrister. In one of his trips to Bathurst on circuit, he was fortunate enough to attnict the notice of Judge (now Sir William) Manning and it was due to the influence of that gentle man that the position of Crown Prose cutor in the Moreton Bay district was of fered to the rising barrister. . . . . He was appointed acting Puisne Judge of the Supreme Court in 1882, and was ga zetted judge last year The deceased judge.was not only popular as a public man, but he was successful in mak ing warm personal friends among the most reputable men of the colony. Pro bably the greatest achievement as a law yer was that memorable prosecution of J. T. Griffin, once Gold Commissioner of Rockhampton, who was convicted of the murder of two troopers under his com mand Mr. Pring was mar ried in England, and leaves a wife but no family. On Thursday a man named Rawson, a small farmer, was committed for trial at the Bathurst Circuit Court on a charge of stealing 47 sheep the property of Mr. Donald McRae, of Campbell's River, also a farmer. On Tuesday a clerk named William Henry Cosir, aged 21, was arrested in Melbourne on a chaige of stealing £50, the property of Messrs. Coates and Har Pew?M an^natta' New South Wales. While a boy named William Martin (says the D. D. Gazette), was playing r ™%0TZ C01uIPaUI0D8 &t; ^akfast Creek , Thursday, he attempted to cross the the6w^ra I and f'PP^ and feU into the water and was drowned. The creek was only some six feet deep where the accident occurred. The body was reco vered shortly afterwards. Mr. Chester, of Thursday Island tele 1 ^hed ,affc TJunxfey to the Queerehmd Under Colonial Secretary as follows .— The crew of a shelling boat, owned by Mr. Clark, have been attacked by abori ginals near Hannibal Bay. A diver and tender were killed, and two men were severely wounded. I will hold an en quiry." The Ipswich cor. of the Telegraph writesIt is my painful duty to chroru-" pie the death of another well-known resi dent of this district, Mr. W. G. Beverley who died at his residence, Coochin, on Tuesday last. The deceased some months ago underwent an operation for the re moval of a tumeur from his neck. He Beerned to be on a fair way to recovery soon after the operation, but his neck be came very much swollen, end it continued to swell to such a size that the unfortu nate gentleman was given up by his medi cal adviser, and he succumbed on the date named, after a long and painful 91 ness. Tim Maryborough cor. of the same Jx?> r writes; Mr. Heniy Missing, y.;P '.of Gootclue, was chaiged to-day at the Tiaro Police Court with branding a bull which wasn't hfs'n. There has been a great deal of cattle stealing and duffing going on in Tiaro for the last two or threl years, and farmers are getting soreon the subject. ^Austodycus," in the Brisbane Week, wntesSomebody lias been worrying me to read something that a religious jWr has been saying about me. I wantto feel charitably disposed to all men, and I do not read religious newspapers inconse quence. If I were to be inoculated with * any of the unspeakably bitter and inde scribably mean spirit that appears to guide the pens of some religious editors £UA A®"!' 1 might get the paper into half a dozen libel actions 'in smontti-** and myself thoroughly hated by every body whose good opinion is worth having. Its all very well writing such stuff when there are only the editors, comps., and readers to look at it. I've got many thousands to consider. Also:—One titUe item that should have been added to the Telegraph's obituary of his Honor Mr. Justice Bring, was not a very important one, but it is as well to ; remember just now. Unlike most public uieu in Queensland, his Volunteer spirit did not vent itself in talking about it and drafting statutes that may benefit < the next generation or so ahead. He served as a private in the Artillery Force many years ago, and stock to it till it hadto succumb to that mysterious law of decay which at one time or other operates on all Queensland battalions. Then he was asked to join the No. 1 Company of rifles ha captain, and consented. He kept his position for some three or four years, fill the enormous pressure of his professional duties compelled him to retire. It is hardly necessary to add that he was a popular officer; he couldu't help it, yon Petersen, the driver of Cobb's coach from VVlndorah to. Blackali, along with a , lad uamed Eagan, have been drowned in the Thompson Rivet, Q , Air. Donald T. Mackenzie, late inspec tor of sheep for the Warrego district, Qd is dead. - '' Mr. Sala, during his 30 years' connec tion with the London Daily Telegraph has penned nearly 7000 leaders. At the recent sitting of the Presbyterian Synod at Sydney, two ex-Methodist clergy men were conditionally admitted into the tanks of the Presbyterian ministry. In Victoria 279 teachers have appealed against the classification of the board of classifiers. A sad gun accident (says the Gujjdagai Times) happened to a lad named George Hilton, aged about 15 years, the oilier day, at Tarcutta. Hilton left home with ; the intention of "fishing arid shooting on the Tarcutta Creek. While walking up the right bank of the creek, holding the gun on his shoulder and a fishing rod in his hand, by some means the gun fell to the ground at the back of the lad and er ploded, the contents lodging in one of hiB feet. This occurred at the spot about a' mile from home, but as luck would have it one of the injured boy's brothers was in eight and ran home to inform the parents of the accident. Before anybody arrived - the boy was nearly exhausted from loss of blood, but as soon as a trap could be procured he was taken to Wagga for medi cal treatment. "The Mogul of the Assembly," ex claimed Sir John Robertson, on Tuesday, when reproving Mr. Dibbs for anebulli fcion of temper at an ill-natured remark of Wisdom's. • Monday's Echo says :—It is seldom that even their Honors the Judges -do such a thoroughly 40 days' work as the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Lines got through on Friday last. Thanks to the former, three of the Bondi larrikins retire for eight long weajy years from the fes tive scene of their ferocious joys; and, thanks to tlie latter, the wretch who plied so long in thismoralcityihemost " dread ful trade" that ever disgraced humanity is relegated to what he rightly called the " living death" of 15 years' penal servi tude. His ' miserable accomplices have fared somewhat, better; but the fate of all is terrible enough, and should suffice to frighten (if anything could) similar,' but so far more fortunate, criminals from their horrible practices. According to all ac counts, there are plenty of them, but the difficulty of detection, as has been proved by several fruitless prosecutions, is ex treme, and it is only a case of the Sheri dan kind that occasionally avenges out raged justice and humanity. A stabbing affray took place in the Brisbane gaol a few days ago. A Chi nese cook, a prisoner, quarrelled with another prisoner named M'Donald, and stabbed lilm with a carving knife. ' A magisterial enquiry has since been held,! and the Chinaman has been committed for trial The public hiring of the single girls who arrived by the immigrant steamer Gulf of Mexico took place on Saturday morning, at the depot, Hyde Park. The number of girls available was 66, and as there were over 100 applicants, the iromi grants had no difficulty in obtaining situa tions at excellent wages. On Saturday evening last, at about'8 o clock, a terrific storm of hail and rain passed over the town of Mucrurundi. There are several cases of typhoid fever m the Launceston hospital. 