-Yictorian Sporting Notes, BY MARTINDALE. A more wretohed week, as far aa the weather is concerned, than of the past seven days it would be hard to imagine. Thursday and Friday last were fail days, hut on Saturday, just as the horses went out tc start for the first event of the Caulfield meeting, it came on to rain, and from that up to Wednes- day it waa nothing hut showers, with a cold, cutting wind. Tho effect of the wot on the training tracks at Flemington has been most disastrous. Tho sand track has been a perfect quag- mire. At its best it is very treacherous. The horses when they gallop on it v/hile wet, sink in very deep. Tho brush harrowing only covers these up slightly, and when the horses again go, they put their feet in these holes with disastrous effect. Tho deaths of both Helene and Wizard can both bo laid to this. There ia not tho slightest doubt in my mind hut what Helene ruptured herself upon it. Wizard was cantering very slowly when he fell and broke his shoulder, which caused him to be destroj'od. Not a fow think that old Commotion's retirement can bo put down to tho samo canse, and many others have felt tho effects. The tan gallop is not appre- ciated, and the cinder track is that hard that ono could hardly make an impression on it with a sledge- hammer. Tho Now South Wales horses have most decidedly the best of tho condition, which can bo easily ¡tmdorstood seeing tho unpropitious weather whioh has prevailed during tho winter. Those in work at Caulfield are better off, as tho soil is of a sandy nature, and tho rain has not such an effect upon it as at Flemington. Of all tho gallops that I have witnessed at Flemington that performed by Tom Brown on Saturday morning is the best. Toddy M'Grade was up, so that he had a fair weight in tho saddle. Coronet was put with him, but he waa outpaced from the jump, andi don't think I over saw Tom Brown move so well. Prince Imperial also went well tho same morning with Lord Wilton, but the ohosthUt is a noted bad one in pri .vate. Tho New Zealand horses have all been doing j well. Liverpool strides along in. grand form¿ and during the last few days has made a bo3t of friends. Winchester also finds favor, and Thunderbolt's performance" each time when; he is asked to gal- lop is not amiss. . Trenton,, sinoe I have soon him properly extended has ploased mo very much, iand must take, a lot of boating in the Melbourne Cup. When going at a slow pace he does not im- press favorably. Nordcñfeldt never lookod better, ¡and Uralla hasoome on somewhat during tho past -week, and should she continue, tho Hon. J. White may yet haye the pleasure of winning a Derby with ono of his own breeding. Tho Maribyrnong Plate candidato, Philip Augustus, who mot with a slight mishap ono day last week returned to tho traok on Monday, and goes along all right. Prince Imporial looks and goos in capital form, and his owner ia very confident about him. Old Commotion's, retirement was a great blow to backers, who have been having a rough timo of it. Had the weather proved fine, last Saturday's rabin at Caulfield would have been most enjóyame. Th course and its , surroundings looked delightful ¡ The paddock was. heavily coated with grass, au . the flower hods : îwere »seen .to the bee advantage. The '-'additions and improvements ; t the grand; stand were highly approved of, and th press rppm is.all that gould be wished. Tho attend ance was a very good one, the best, in fact, that ha yet assembled on a-Guineas day. The railway wa responsible. for tho conveying of 3814 paF songera, and, as in addinion to these 1627.pai .at-1tho other gates, there were over six thousan pooplo present. Had tho rain hold off those woul .no doubt have boen considerably augmentod. A times the showers that fell wero very hoavy, and thi mado walking about very disagreeable. The public however, would not forego having a look at tho car didates for the Foal Stakes and Guineas. Amongs tho Foal Stakes candidates the winner, Acme, wa the only ono that was in anything like 001: dition. She did not run any too kind, an had . very littlo to spare at the finish I . cannot go into raptures over Mr. Watson' starting, and his dismissal of the field for tho Maido: Stakes was far from a good one, and it will surpris me much if the Btart for tho Cup is a good one Monte Christo disappointed his admirers, and it i ívist ' poasiblo that it was not his true form. Tb time, lmin 49seo, considering the going waa verj good, and the way in which the gallant soi of First King and Tardly oatne away at thi finish stamps him a good one. Tho Hunters' Cuj was productivo of an excellent contest ; the amateur going at the jumps in a must fearless fashion. Hat Gippalander.'arider used the least iudgraent he mus: have won easily.. With a fine day, the attendance on Saturday wil be a very numerous ons.* ( I doubt if ever: there .wai Buoh a betting race as this Caulfield Cup before. Nc end of horses have been backed, and it is a curiout fact that a; horse ] can be; backed for ¿820,000 and ii will hardly oauso him ito ascend a point in the market,; Almost every day there has boon a frost favorite, and.each one has been backed for thousands. .j.TKeldáy's. programme, will contain six ovents, open- ing at 1.30 o'clock with a selling race of fivo furlongs, bat the ; starters are so doubtful that I cannot hazard à jpickl ; The Seooridi Hurdle Race follows, and to my thinking tho finish will lay between Duration, Mis- take), and Eavensworth. The Nursery Handicap looks; as if . it -would bo productive of an excellent .finish between Crossfiro and Damocles. The race for the Caulfield Cup will be a great one, and I fully ex- pect to see at the least 85 starters. Whattheamount of money is that has beon invested upon this race it would be hard to say. Those that please me most are Prince Imperial, Welcome Jack, Tom Brown, Despot, Lord Wilton, and Winchester. To pick one I shall go for Prince Imperial, and the next best may bo Welcome Jack, Despot, Tom Brown, and Winchester. ^ In the Windsor Handicap, according to weights'I can see nothing that pleases me better than Rebus who, with 6st 101b on her back, should skip over the six furlongs at a very merry pace. She looks in capital form, but has so often disappointed over here that they are frightened to start her. Of the others The Ghost and Jooular look to be well treated. Splendid entries have boen received for the minor events of the V.lt.C. meeting, and the breaking down of Commotion has caused many n-nimals to be entered in the weight-for-age events that would no doubt, have not been nominated. The great puzzle hero is, will Nordenfeldt get out with the colors up for the Derby. The owner has been interviewed, but I am afraid the interviewers did not learn much. In looking over the general entries, I find the name of Nordenfeldt in the Melbourne Stakes, whioh forms the opening event of the meeting. Now this is a pretty good hint for what he is intendod. Tho en- tries were not made till Monday last, so that the owner was fully acquainted with Monte Christo's form. Perhaps they are relying upon Uralla, who has come on very f aBt during the last week. If well I should be quite satisfied that she could win. The j oool weather is all in nor favor, and if all goeB well I I have every bolief that Bhe can win. Winchester will be a hard nut to crack, and Thunderbolt looks well, but I loubt if they have the pace of the speedy daughter of Chester. During tho past week there has beon a great amount of betting performed, and I doubt if on any previous event in tho colony has there boen such heavy invest- ments made as over the coming Caulfield Cup. ¿81000 will not cause a horse to alter a point, while ¿820,000 will only cause him to go up ono. The strange case, however, waa Prince Imperial. No one would back him until Monday aftornoon, when the " levithian," af tor a deal of talk at Mr. John Mayo, offered and challenged him with an offer of 5000 to 150. To tho surprise of the layer it was taken. -The result was electric. In leas than an hour the price of Prince Imperial went up to 100 to 8, and a little later on it wa3 10 to 1. Now, other horses wore supported by their party for thousands ; still 100 to 4 and 5 was the best offer. On Tuesday night Mr. Joo Thompson was thoroughly on the warpath, and offered 10ü0 to 10 about a lot of the Caulfield Cup candidates. At thia price Hilltop was backed, and 5000 to 25 was taken about Anglesey. Tho Wagga mare Minerva was also backed at 100 to 1. The dcth of Helene on last Thursday night was a great blow to her party and tho public. Sho wa3 in groat form, and her chance of winning at Caulfield looked particularly good. Tho examination showed that sho had ruptured au artery. On the Friday aftornoon, while oantoring, Tho Wizard foll aiiu broke his shoulder. Ho was at once shot. Thoao two animals meeting with their death, and tho breaking down of Commotion and others, does not speak very highly for the Flemington training track, tho best of which, in wet weather, ia the nowly mado ono inside the course proper, and even that is bad. Almost all the Now South Wales hordes have arrived, and appear to bu the best as far as condition goes. Tho Adelaide Derby horse, Isouomy, has not yet arrived. He is reported to be an out-and-out good ono, and should take a lot of beating. Billy Farnan has again challenged Lees to box, one to win, under Queensberry rules, for £100 or £200 a side, and has put up a deposit of £30. j The great half-mile raoo between Malone and '!? O'Brien is to bo run off on November 6. The celebrated wrestler, Clarence Whistler, is very dangerously ill. 