ANASTASIA, A VIcronauA ROuaCE or '70. Br W. 3L SontH , . Author of "The Two Lawyers." CHAPTER XVI (COyr.\eD,) At this unexpected avoial, Mark brightened. Ho'had deemed his chance better of late, but her moments of cool ness had chilled him. But here was hope -she loved him ; had confessed it. -Why did she so discourage his suit, why make obstacles when there should be none 1 He loveether; she too had confessed love for him, then why the barrier, or where :I He was impetuous to rashness; he would ask for the cause, and then-but her, his thoughts of 'how to remove' the cause clouded, and for some seconds he knew not how to proceed; then, gazing at her sad but beautiful form, he said-. "Anastasia, I care not for the opinions of others. All else fades against my love for you; nor do I care about the mystery of your life. I know.I love you; more I do not wish to know. This is' all-the eloquence I can use." "Mark, I cannot marry you, noinaifter how eloquent your persuasion or howi *great your love." "You cannot marry me, why '. There are none to say you nay, and in my case I care not if any do t",. : " . "True, there are none who will; still, cannot under any circumstances marry. If others break their vows, that can be no excuse for my wrong.doing.": i ; "To what hidden mystery do you'refer 1 How would you break vows were'jon to "Ie merciful,; lark, and d. noi lkuse, let the past be buried betweeniis'for yeer Once it was my misfortune to-loie, not wisely, but too welL This'is the secrnt that holds me from you?..i Do not, if you love me, question further, had you.never met or loved me, you would' have been much happier. Still, if you have?been foolish, I cannot boast,:for I too have be~n guilty of that which I thought all imp?is sible. I do not blameyou Mark. Ishould have been more firm; still now' I would ask you to spare us both. Return to Sa:endhurst, time will bring -its soothing balmu to the bereaved 'mind, and, in future Mark, when you have outgrown this. in fatuation and are making love to some of the pretty rustics there; forget your-past foolish lore, and think of me as leniently _s possible. If yousuffer, rememb?r I too shall while life Lasts." As she spoke, her eyes dilated, and her breast heaved-then a vacant expression overspread her fen-i tures like magic, and starting forward a pace or two with right hand extended, she went on in quite a dazed manner. " Others should revel in enjoyment, iihile I, who alt but woman, should suffer on. 31ynaguislh of heart is naught to him who caused it. He has the legal right, the heredit:ary right of noble bl,,d, while -l amt of the common herd.. What right hlve I with sensitive feelingsl Mine should be of iron, then could "I endure the blows of an Eniglish aristociat, Abh all ! England'e glorious monarcliy, which costs as much to maintain as awould keep ie affluence the millions of starving poor, in that boasted land. You, Mark, !rho are of foreign birth, knows not how proud we are of England's glorious crown" Ha ! ha I "Sihe laughed hysterically- no" I a not mad-they cannot consign me there again." Then turning towards Mark, who had watched her breathlessly all the time, she stangered forward, and but for him would have fallen prone upon the floor. "Oh God," he exclaimed," wlat-ihave Idone, I have killed her," then placing her gently on the couch, he rang violently the belL Go, send, quick ! bring a doctor,"ahe's dying. "Oh ! sir, I know," and without taking, heedof Mark's instructions, Julia huc siedly reached a bottle of smelling salts, and placing it in Mark's hands to hold, she hurriedly brought water, and dashing it quite violently over her stood waiting the result 'Why, woman, don't you send for the doctor I quick or I'll go myself.; "Oh Sir I dare'nt. Mlissus told' me never to do that; she'll be better soont now. Mark, for some seconds sat speechless, for she looked so like death, then'turning to Julia he asked, " Des your mistress often suffer thus 1" " ' " Oh yes, sir, whenever she's much put " Ah, she moves a little," bserved Mark, then a long- drawn sigh escaped hler, and again all was still' Mark with difti calty restrained himself from: rushing from the house in search of a doctor, and he would have done so but fir Julia's re peated assurances that she had'definite instructions on the subject ' '' "Why, lor' air, I see'd her ?vdrse nor this, when - " Julia suddenly collapsed here, as thIough remembering herself, while' Mark asked, "Well, you saw her worse once, whenl". . "Oh please, sir, she's acoming to please "Ah yes, thanik heaven, she looks better now, the color retiurns;" then rais ing her head gently, patintly' they both waited the result: .. : :i, - Gradually but surely she' "me to, and as she did so, her eyes opeled'wide, look ing lovingly at Marki? faint 'smile,. ii perceptible bhut to th' eyes of a lover, then dosiaig her eyes she- lay motionless. "If Iain't rude, sir, would you leave hlier to mo now, I'll get her-to her own room, and then she'll be better." ': " Certainly,.why wasIso thouhtless I" then placing her head in Julia's hanids, he gave her 'one fond lok, which ?'he an asrr~l by half opening her .eyes' aid at temnipting to smile, and taking his list aind wishing Julia gsd. nightt .wiith a m essn e to her mistress tlhat he awoild calln o'the minorrw and enquire about her, he left the hoise and walked hurriedly. towards towln. - . ,- .. ... He:walked on morolike one in a dream thant otherwise, with mutinous thoughts clammering within him. " What means thisterrible mystery," he muttered, "that surrounds her on.erey side l Why can Snotshenmarry. She does not say definitely that shetis married, nor give me grounds for her refusaland yet I know she loves his." As Mark ruminated on this there oceuried to him like lightening flash tilhe memory of the brooch and the phlotograph, and then came to his mind the thought of a cruel romance, only half believed by some; relating to the original of the picture, and a diseussson he had lately heardl on the subject, and the injustice of the case commnented on. Then in his mind came the conclusion that Anastasia was the victim. Ah, lhown he felt for her, as well as lived hlier-a true brotherly sympathy. How harshly and mercilessly had she been treated, and why 1 Because she was true to her vow, tihe vow at the The right of publishin- this work has been porchaneit by the proprietor of Tie Gippoand TisYm. The author reserees ll other ne[hta. altar. If the minister wao not true, the vow remained,, taken by bloth, and how soon disregarded by one. The foul fiend in human form, who deceived her to-day, while to-morrow he assumed the polished gentleman. Ah ! how proud ought Eng land to be of such as he? Thus Mark's mind dwelt on the absorbing subject, ab sorbing to him. The villain of the vile plot to deceives pure and innocent girl, whose only fault was, that she had loved *not only unwisely but too well. That unlike too many of her sex, she was not to be bought over with the (to her) useless dross, naught would she have but him, who she deemed and claimed her own, her deceiver, her worst and most foul enemy, and through the very strength of her devotion, when bribery failed, to what was she doomed I The worst of all living tortures, especially to one in her' position, a private lunatic asylum, there to languish and die, for aught her de stroyer cared." Theni came to Mark the memory of her last moments with him, her' wild 'ravings, her hysterical laugh. Al,; he murmured, she was .not mad, but they, to 'some 'slihtlextent, caused her to catch the con tagion, and I unconscientiously made herl revert to the subject, and the old wound (which had never properly healed) re opened.-; Oh, had I but the right; would 1 not iatch over her, consider her: every vant, nticipate her every wish, 'and, in: tiine ,to come,'alleviate the terrible pain she has endured through ahother 1 CH'APTER XVIL " .A DOTE AMONG THE VULTUE. , :. .-,Ah, Cincinnati, deuced glad to see yon old: fellow; but by Jove, how pale you look, seen a ghost my boyl" . :" "No Jarvis, I haven't seen a ghost. IFI saw a ghost of him I wish to see' the origiial"of, but can't; I'd have the' satis faction of putting daylight throug hhim." The'tempter smiled grimly' at thlie:tat of exciteinent he found Mark in; anid iflit-: tired to himself, In splendid triem for is to night, we can mould himf like wai," Then, turning to Mark, he smiled, blandly saying- . :. S" ever encourage in your: mind feel ings of revenge, my boy. : Come, have a brandy; that will cheeryou, and then let's away and see a little life. Excitement enables one to forget troubiile. But still to beh iridus,:'old: fellow,; lfa awfully sorry to see you troubled, and I assure you I trust you will find it transitory.":' "Thanks, Jarvis,' thanks for your ex pressions of good-feeling, but let's away and see ihoe will oin ,us at ferceiiary's in jkgaime of poker. Excitement is the only thing that will at:present'relieve'mn mind.: : r ;, . :;. ."..:} 'A fiendish smile'boverspreaidl the gaiii bler's features at this, but linking his arm in Mark's, they both 'strodlo up Bourke street, aid shortly' arrived at that den of iniquity, thel -hoteL: ..'.::,t "'You hare::not' been+ lucky .lately, Mark.' They say; 'hicky in love, unlucky at cards.',: I trust youa find one compen-; sate:yod for the other":; :: "Bah, one has alllock, or nono! o : It: never' raids but :it pours in; this blessed world . : .. n . -" " Never .be prophetic to yotr own:deo trment, incinnati, lest your -prophecy prove correct." ., ,i, " I don't care, I feel desperate, I shall play a hot game to-night, I tell you." "I say, you'll frighlteii me if ,you go onl like this;; you'll bluff mb out of evereiy pool," said Jarvis. with a self-satisfied smile. "Ah, here'sa Jackson,"ho: cnon, tinned. '"I'm glad of this. :Jaickson, will you. have a chip.. Mr Cincinnati's despe rate, and is going to .bluff us right out of' :the game.". . A glance of sipnificace paised between the confederates as .he sad i this,.'when Jackson replied, " Well gentlemen, I had i intended goilng right hiome, hut iif course, sooner than see you stuck, Ill stay for ani hour or two, but not .longer'."- rAs J:iek son said this, he gave Jarvis aglance, who nodded assent, and the trio satdown to. " Cut for deal," said Jarvis, passing the cards to Jackson;: who- cut, then Mark. " Y'ours is'a king, Jackson ; yours a ten, Cincinnati; my ace beatasboth of .you, so I deal."' "Go on," returnedd:Markl '-'as 'I am next the dealer, I'm ten pounds hlitiid':," !' Hallo,"'exclaimed the confederates in a breath, "Cincinnati; yous mean: busi ness to night' ;:... , " Yes, Jarvis, 'll: make short work of "This is a little too warim," said Jack son,," butif you will playso venturesome, I won't be mean ; I straddle 0the blind.' As he spoke he placed his twenty pounds in the pool.. : -,: . i,.o " It costs me eighty, pounds to play, .then, as I'm the dealer,'so I'll:have.a look." Jarvis looked over his hand at: Jackson, who nodded slightly, and then said S:"l'll play too, gentlemen.~ As he spoke he counted out. eighty pounds, and threw it ill the pool " What will you do, .in cincinnati It will cost you seventy.!! S"IPm there," said; Mark; tbosingo the amount on the table. r `r i . :;l,. ,I r! ' Ger.u-sa-lem! I'm not,.with:queen high,".and Jackson threw' hisacrds-on the pack. "You and I for-it,- Cincinnati ; what have you gotl "; ,. :;!:!: ."Apiair. of kings." "'Too good; taketthe money." : SMark gathered the money- and drew-it towards him; Jaiias remarking, as hq did so,:" A cool hunidred, by Jove. ' You'said you'd warm us, Cincinnati, and you have already.". ,. . :.: . 1o (To be ContinuedL) 