¿«ul Mtítht*. MRS. THORNDYK.ES CONSCIENCE. {From tlie Detroit Echo.) ONE brilliant morning, about two yean ago, a lady who was leaving her carriage, which had stopped before a spacious mansion on Fifth avenue, suddenly paused with an excla- mation of surprised welcome, addressed to a gentleman who was passing along the side- walk, " Mr. Varian !" called the lady. " Mrs. Thorndyke !" was the astonished reply. Immediately afterward they were shaking handB with apparently an equal amount of warmth on either side. The lady was tall, fair in coloring and noticeably handsome. Her age could not have been past 30. She wore a costume of black silk, cut with a most modish elegance. The gleam of her hair was an almost keen gold against the black of her dainty, bugle-trimmed bonnet. She had an upper lip that was perfect, a deep dimple in her pink chin, an arch, irresistible look about her straight, pure brows. But the chief charm of her face was a pair of golden brown eyes, velvet in their softness and 1'ewel-like in their lustre. The gentleman ooked a gentleman every inch, as the phrase goes. lie had a tranquil face, touched with a few wrinkles that seemed of that premature kind which thought and study will print at the corner of the eye, at the edge of the nostril. His smile was soft and Reniai ; it had a winsome spell to which tho dark gloss of his drooping moustache gave added charm. "Did you think me a ghost?" said the lady. " You looked so amazed at me that I half believe you did." " I was not at all prepared for you," he re- plied, in a slow, gentle way that was a habit of speech with him. Mrs. Thorndyke laughed. She made a gesture toward the impressive building just opposite. " I've been back from FariB over a month," she said. "Come in and have a chat." They mounted the broad stoop together, attended by a footman, who rang a boll for them. And presently they entered a drawing room appointed with richness, even splen- dour. "How ¡B this?" said Mrs. Thorndyke, with a light wave of one hand, indicating the fine environment. " Don't you think it rather nice ?" " I think it very nico," said Mr. Varian. " Sit down. Take that plush chair ; it's so comfortable. That is right-how like old times it seems to sec yon sitting beside me i I saw that you had got bock to America ; I read of your arrival in the Servia-wasn't it tile Servia ? And then there were one or two articles about you in the newspapers. They interviewed you, didn't they? How funny these American custouiB strike one after one has been away for an age, like you and me ! Wae it a great bore ?" " The interviewing ?" asked Varian. " I assure you I thought it a shocking one. I had no idea what to say. I fancy I really said very little. I've an idea that the re- porter made up all that stuff out of his own head." " But you ought not to have been bored," i declared Mrs. Thorndyke, beginning to take off her bonnet. She soon tossed it upon a little mosaic table near at hand. Her hair glistened about her lovely temples ; her eyes beamed like stars ; a slight colour had crept into her cheeks ; thc lines of her slender and charming figure took a new grace and sym- metry. She was assuredly a woman of great personal attraction. " You have written two novels since you were in Europe, and you should accept the penalty of your fame, I Varian," Bhe continued. " Upon my word, I quite envied you wheu I Baw how they hod received you here. Any sort of a definite ex- perience on this shore must be so attractive. " Yon don't like it here ?" "Like it? As if one could ! You don't j mean that you do ?" He nodded, with grave emphasis. " I find most of the people whom I have thus far met charming. There is a sort of tingle in the social atmosphere ; things are livelier and sprightlier, somehow." "How can you talk like that?" exclaimed Mrs. Thorndyke, with a pretty disdain. "You know you don't mean a word of it. You know that New York is detestable to you after all those years in Home, Paris, Vienna, even dear old smoky London." Varian was looking at the carpet " I think it horrid form," he said, "for an American to detest his own country." Mrs. Thorndyke shrugged her shoulders. " How rude of you," she said, but she said it very amiably. "Well, I suppose yon are right, however." Then there was a little pause and she stole at his drooped face a glace that was covert, almost sly. You are thinking of things that you will not speak," she at length murmured. There was a twinkle in his quiet eyes as be raised them to hers. " How like yon that is," he commented, with soft amusement. " You want to draw me out ; you want me to ask yon why yon crossed the ocean." Her colour deepened somewhat, and her mjm grsw serious. "I bad no nason to I _ _ _ _ ~~ come'Tiad 1f ' she questioned. Yon 'know what Alma Thorndyke was^and ia-in Parla, With tny great heap of money I did what ,I pleased, did I not t Look over my past life, Hugh Varian. I went abroad at 16, with poor dead father. At 18 I had married one of the richest menin Europe. He was 60, and had the gout, but he was one of the richest men in Europe. At 25 John Thorn dyke made me a widow. Then I loft London and went to Paris. I had social ambitions, and I succeeded splendidly." Varian was watching her now with much intentness, and not a little puzzlement as well. ; " U you did not succeed," he answered, " 11 don't know anybody who ever has done so. You got the Faubourg St. Germain people to come to your salons. You did everything." "No, I did not do everything." fheso words were spoken by Mrs. Thorndyke with so melancholy an intonation that her hearor started visibly as they left her lips. He rose with haste and went close to her side. "Good heavens,"he said, "your eyes arc fall of tears! What do you mean? I-I don't understand." The lady lowered her head for a moment, but before she did so he saw the tremor, that was disturbing her beautiful mouth. The next instant she lifted her head and mode a little imperative motion for him to reseat himself. He obeyed. She now addressed him with a certain fierce sadness. Her voice was almost a whisper while she spoke. "I don't think 1 have ever ïïMany man as I like you. That U just the word- like. So many mon have tried to make love to mo ; Îou'vc always been so discreet and sensible, have half a mind to make you a confession It will ease me, I think, if I do. You are not like the great herd of the others. You're cold -yes you are ; don't deny it. I do not beli- eve you're ever had a passion-a real passion -in your life. That is why you write so well ; your best critics know that you are al- most a great novelist and your little ones can you merely surgical and analytic because they want enthusiasm and " gush " instead of in- sight. I uBcd to be just as cold os you, and that was the secret of our old friendship. Wc could laugh together at thc whole silly comedie humaine, could we not? Wo neither of us ever got any wounds, and it was so entertaining to see the other victims carried off dying from the fight. But we were cruel. Do you remember how wo used to make our jokes in Paris about this heart-broken Romeo and that love sick Juliet? Well, I suppose punishment was only fair and rightful. It ought to have come to both of us, for we both deserved it. But it came only to one." Hugh Varian leaned forward with a very earnest and meaning look as he now res- ponded : " You simply amaze me. I don't think I guess your meaning. But if I do-" "Of course you do," broke in his com- panion. The next moment she had burst into tears. For quite a little while she wept almost silently. He watched her and his face paled while he did so. At last he said : " You followed Paul Charlton to this country. You came here because he came. I see it all, now. I never dreamed of lt before. And he is engaged to marry that girl, Gertrude InnBley." Mrs. Thorndyke bad almost crimsoned before he ended. "I should be so very angry," she faltered, "if any one else were as mercilessly blunt as that. But I-I suppose I have brought it upon myself, Hugh Varian. Well, am I not a sad fool? To think that of all men alive, it Bhould be he." Varian shook his head. " He can't dream that he has even roused your caprice. He painted pictures for you in Paris. You were his rich and lofty patroness. He would as soon have thought of trying to get the sun in heaven. And I don't-I can't believe that you would ever have thought about him at all if he hod been on a level with yourself or had shown you the homage of having been fascinated by yon, as such a throng of the others did. This is a mere vagary on your part. You must dismiss it. Can it be really true that you crossed the ocean because this man hadn t laid his heart at your feet ? Tell me it is not true and I will firmly believe you. Marvels are always hard to credit." Mrs. Thorndyke bad by this time gained her wonted composure. " I can really explain to you nothing," she said, measuring each word. " Tho whole thing flashed upon me one morning in Paris, when he bade me a polite, ceremonious, grateful farewell, after telling me that be had taken passage for this country. I spent the rest of the day in agony. I paced the floor of my chamber like a panther. I felt like one of those feline creatures in a French novel. My punishment had come at last 1 I would not even admit my maid for hours lest she might guess my secret from my face. You are the only person to whom I have ever breathed it. I don't quite understand why I do-it is like talking to one'sphysician." "Ah, said Varian, with a kind of solemn exasperation, " one's physician advises." She had knotted her hands together and was staring down at them as they lay in the lap of ber dress. "What do you advise?" she asked. "That you return at once to Paris-and forget." " I can't forget." " Then return, all the same." She very slowly shook her head. " Not yet," she replied. " Have you Been this New York girl, Miss Innsley ?" " Oh, yes ; a number of times. I know her well. Have you ever met ber ?" "No." " You shall do so at my house this evening, if you wish," said Mrs. Thorndyke. " She and her fiancé dine with me quite informally. Pray join us." Varian accepted this invitation, but he did eo in a rather bad humor. He knew Paul Charlton well, and liked him not a little. He hod heard that this Gertrude Innsley was a girl of rare good-sense and of just the properly grave, intellectual turn to make such a man as Charlton happy. She had enough fortune to produce a neat tributary stream in the direction of what her lover had already earned. Charlton had made a name for him- self in Rome as a painter of profound originality. He liad a touch of weirdness mixed with the poetry of his heart that stamped him especially as one who conceives with striking force. His enemies asserted that he was all conception and that he let exe- cution go to the painters who were in love with mere prettiness, and there lay about the whole story of whatever detraction and discountenance he had thus far had to fight against. These two men had known each other well abroad, and worked in widely different fields with not a little sincere congeniality. Charlton had often frankly complimented Varian as a novelist ; indeed, he thought there were certain points about his friend's books that were unsurpassed, nearly unsurpassable. But he had bis little stiletto of criticism, which he now and then knew how to draw red blood with. On the other hand, it was very much the same with regard to Varian's feelings toward h¡8 friend's pictures. They had each given the other certain thrusts, and were both perhaps the better for the antagonist dealt with. In character they were almost antipodal. Hugh Varian was all repose, concealment, polish, discretion. Society accepted him and respected him ; he represented so much oi I that graceful yet emotionless decorum which is one of its chief cults and tenets. He was not at all salient as a member of it, but then he was never in the least diminutive. Ho had held his own among the best people in foreign circles, but he had never flaunted his own there nor seemed to heed much whether or not it were paid great deference. His place and fame in modern letters had come to him slowly, but he had never seemed in the least haste either for distinction or achieve- ment. His dead parents had long ago left him comfortably prosperous. Paul Charlton, on the oontrary, had had, years ago, to strive hard for actual bread. But he had always served his ideals with rigorous fidelity. There were those who ' lib ew-and none knew "better than~"Viarîan that.he might repeatedly baye .minad money and a kind of «neceas, by shiting indivfd uality and forsaking cherished principles. But the want and strife and worry had now given place, with him, to a secure peace, and a wholesome competence. He was recognised . he was even, in some quarters, quite greenly laureled. ..-,?<. He had a far more picturesque and dis- tinguished look than his friend. He wai «ot very tall, and his figure, slenderly built,' ex- pressed by its brisk movements, its often odd postures, an almost painful overplus ' of nervous energy. His head, with its broad forehead ana full temples, was clad 'erith flowing silky hair, black as night, and the eye with which he met yonrs when his firm, thin hand took your own, was very dirk indeed and of vivid brilliancy. He never wore either moustache or beard, but a bluish line marked his upper lip and found1 oorrjps. Sondent hue aboutthe compact moulding of nil elicatc cheeks and chin. This effect came, most probably, from the extreme softness and clearness of his complexion, which was quite olive in tint. Hugh Varian had wanted very rouen to meet nim since leaving the steamer.' But a number of assertive duties-the looking "up of near relatives not Been for several years, and the investigation of money affaire which might well nave received more prompt attention-had thus far stood in the way* of their coming together. They had correspon- ded since their separation, and in his letters Paul Charlton had mode not a few confidences regarding Miss Innsley and his engagement. "Her father," he had written, "was, 20 years ago, a rather famous portrait-painter here. His work is not known over the',«ea, but I knew it well before I went abroad Und have always thought it worthy of higher praise than it received. Luke Inusley married a Miss Bond, of New York ; Gertrude is their only child. It was not considered,at all a good match for Miss Bond at the time ; the Bonds, you know, arc what people call an old family herc, and although Innsley's bride was of the poorer branch, her relations, I have heard, curled lips and lifted noses , at such an alliance. Gertrude lives comfortably, at present, with her mother, an elderly widow. They have apartments, as we used to say in Pans, here you would call them a modest flat." Paul had written much more of a personal and even amatory nature, concerning his promised wife, but even if his lines had not piqued Varian's curiosity, the latter would still have felt keen desire to meet his friend's choice. (7*o be continued.) 