KH. JAMES WYLLIE, chawbio 8 DRAUGHTS PLftYEp HP10H 8 ot Mr. WnieedTof fl appended items of interest wkH 11:5 8 tracted from a letter by £? 8 champion to the editor of this J tl« 8 America' I 8 pion of America, I played' 10 B of that number I won 4, the 8 being drawn. It is but fair to mim- ¥ 6 fl refused to play any other plavcr Se?h' r' 1 8 I was playing, with Mr. Hcffner Ihil u'! 8 H.T nlff my 1!eati!,s tliat ecntlcman £ 8 Had Heffner played me on (he same tore: "" H Freeman did, I havo not the l,„.,i;V,M fl that he would have 8 aware that on the 14A Lulre I|li 8 challenged nnyplaverin the worMV. 1 H 500 to 1000 dollars'at the Tmc .l 8 the challenge to remain open for six 8 weess ago I also issued a chall7„'„ ' fl tho Jkrohl and Weekly V, a '\fcr. fl that I would play au unrestricted lnatoh 2- fl sistrag of 100 games, wiih an-ci T I Great Britain or Ireland, end'' w,- fl undertake to prevent my oppon'-n' fre fl «''"n'ne 4 games, for a stake of hi fl £40 to £200, or X would undertake to win 4 V> - H mlOO for Hhke stake. Homo time fl Jaeteon of Manchester, cliallentrd Mr ivi fl of ILlmarnock, into of Mauchline, for £ifo fl a side. Mr. Reid has an important situation en the railway, and can only get opportnnitv fl match play at a certain time of the vear. TO fl that < tinle comes none of his opponciita will fl up thoir challenges, their excuse being tin" j0 fl did not accept in time. Such is Mr. Ja-kva's fl excuse. Injustice to Mr. lioid tito?" niatt-j fl should bo known. Give mv kind re-mis » fl Australian players, and 'toll tlic-m ika- 1 fl will not be surprised if cue oi iL?a fl should snntch the laurels from ik fl brow somo of theso days. Australia fcs fl done so with Mr. Hanlan, who was wnsil'ie I invincible, and had to lie at the lee, of an I Australian rower, who was scarcely knot, it 9 is admitted that Hanlan never rowed better ia fl his lifetimo. I saw Hanlan row Elliot a: 8 Newcastlo-on-Tyno for £400. Elliot had r.», I the ghost of a chance. Xow, I sav, Amtraili fl ought to be immensely proud of ht-r chamj:;a, B Mr. Beach. In conclusion, I hope the day U B not far distant when I shall visit Victoria; 9 and should I havo to succumb, niv opiossa:, H whoevor ho may he, will havo to fight inch ly B inch, when he does defeat me.— Yours, fo fl Jambs YVvj.lie, Champion draughts plover ci fl the world." fl 