CONGLOMERATIONS. Our readers were invited to supply tor publication " Conglomerations," in accordance with the follow ing conditions 1. The poems may be on any sub ject, and in any measure. 2. The seleccted words to be used in any order—i.e., not necessarily in the same consecutive order in which they are arranged. 3. At least as many selected words are to be used as one half of the number of lines in the verses in which they are embodied. The selected words were Gate, Gentle, Ghost, Glitter, Grain, Grave. We publish the following this week :— Had I a drain of sense When gentle Madeline first entered through thagate I should have met her with a heart, elate With joy. Oh 1 how intense Had then have been my happiness. But, I alas! Just like a silly long-eared stubborn ass, Shrunk like a ghost away. Was it the glitter of lier fascinating eye 1 Was it her radiant beauty 1 Why, oh why Did I so long delay 1 Why treat her with such cruel, cold neglect that day? Why look so grave on one so blithe and gay ? Ynoops. An ancient house, a verdant well-trimmed lawn, 'Twos there I dwelt and slept at ease till dawn; No thought of ghatt disturbed my rest. Till early glitter of bright rosy beams And gentle zephyrs called me from my dreams Of fairy land and visions blest. The rustic pate, I Beem to see it now; My father dear, with grave and thoughtful brow: Blight childhood's days and sports the best; When tripping lightly o er the smiling plain I viewed with childish joy the golden grain Till Sol sank softly in the west. B. S. S. One evening, when returning from a meeting rather late, I fancied I beheld a ghost below the garden gate, but gentle Jane came down the lane, and Boon as she drew near, I, leaping to her side, exclaimed " a ghost a ghost, my dear 1" " You silly man," she quick replied, " why do you thus behave; Oh what a sight, you look as white as though you'd left the prase. 'Tis not a ghost, 'tis bnt the post that bears the dial plate, And through the tree the stars yon see all glitter on the slate." 