THEATRE ROYAL. The Theatre Royal on Saturday night was crowded with the largest audience of the season to witness the first production here of Tom Taylor's comedy "The Overland Route." Some five and twenty years ago when this piece was first produced at the Haymarket the overland route and any incidents by the way had an interest which hardly attaches to the subject in these modern and luxurious days of rapid travel. The opening scene of the play is in the saloon of the P. and O. steamer Simoom, and the contrast between what might have been in 1SG0 and what is in 1885 could not be made stronger than by the plain paltry- looking saloon of the Simoom, and the carved and embellished interior of one of the P. and O. boats of to day. Just as the settling of this scene suffers by comparison, so do the business and incidents of the piece, which were funny enough to cause intense amusement when originally pro duced but come to us in a somewhat attenuated form through having been used over and over again in other plays, and these mostly of the farcical order. "Pun on the Bristol" is a rattling, roaring burlesque of Taylor's comedy, and owes it success mainly to the life and vigor that is thrown into the acting. We make the necessary allowance for a first night's representation, but "The Overland Route" suffered on Saturday through want of smartness and the rapid following of incident with dialogue, there being occasional lapses in which the performers were missing from the stage, and the prompter filled the situation. It is but fair to the principals, however, to say that they were not the offenders. In " The Overland Route" the dialogue generally is witty and amusing, and the plot is sufficiently entertaining to interest the audience, so that everything depends upon the performers them selves, and we have no doubt there will be a marked improvement when the piece is repeated this evening. At the opening we find Mrs. Seabright (Miss Marie Lanyon) passing as a widow and receiving the atten tions of Sir Solomon Praser, K.C.B. (Mr. Grenfell), and Mr. Commissioner Colepepper (Mr. Thynne). Mrs. Lovibond (Mrs. Chip pendale) is also a "grass" widow, and the friend of Mrs. Seabright, but they are a little jealous of each other's conquests, as Mrs. Lovibond has a devoted admirer in Major McTurlc (Mr. Mortyne). Captain Clavering (Mr. Willoughby), a masher of the first order, is badly gone on Miss Colepepper (Miss Gwen Lanyon), but this interesting young person, with the perversity of her sex, has discovered an old friend in a steerage passenger, Tom Dexter (Mr. Gates), who is a literary and medical Bohemian down on his luck, but who has shown his real grit in jumping overboard to rescue a passenger, and is appointed by the captain to act temporarily as surgeon to the ship. Tom Dexter now becomes the guardian angel of the erring ones 011 board. He informs Mrs. Seabright that her husband is a friend of his, and he will not permit her to accept a diamond necklace from Sir Solomon nor coun tenence an offer of marriage from the Commis sioner. He learns that Mrs. Lovibond's hus band left her some ten years before, but that he is actually aboard the Simoom in an assumed name, and that neither he nor his wife are aware of each other's presence. Lovibond (Mr. Musgrave) is very sick, and more than this he is arrested by a detective on suspicion of being a notorious forger. A good deal of fun is occasioned by Mr. and Mrs. Lovibond ere they are brought together, and then Lovi bond's troubles are not over, as he is called out by the fire-eating Major McTurk. These events occur in the saloon, and on the deck of the Simoom, but as the vessel is wrecked on a coral reef we find the characters in the third act in a more or less dilapidated condition. Tom Dexter performs wonders; assumes command of the party as the captain is disabled, settles everybody's grievances, furnishes medical advic • and comforts tor the sick, finds the missing deeds that make Miss Colepepper an heiress (and marries her afterwards), restores Mrs. Seebright to her husband, discovers the poltroon spirit of McTurk, and aids Lovibond to get out of the clutches of the detective as the real forger is found stowed away and dis guised. The principal weight of the piece falls upon the shoulders of Sir. Cates, and lie maintains it in the most creditable manner-, playing naturally and with ease, and winning the approval of the auditory. Miss Lanyon is a charming would-be widow, and manages her ancient lovers very dexterously till her husband arrives, and she falls like a fond and anxious wife into his arms. Mrs. Chippendale is of course all "at home" in a part that she has played from her girlhood, and she makes some admirable byplay in her love passages with the major, and her assumed fright at seeing the ghost of a man in her cabin, and that man her missing husband, Lovi bond. Mr. Musgrave gets a good deal of fun out of this ghostly personage, but he occasionally plays somewhat too palpably to the gallery, although his antics and his gags are conducive to laughter. Thr other dramatis person® are—Captam Smart, of the Simoon, Mr. Baker; Hardity, first officer, Sir. Fitz gerald ; Captain Clavering, Mr. Willoughby; Tottle, steward of the Simoon, Mr. Harrison; Moleskin, a detective, Mr. Aspinall; Limpet, Sir Solomon's man, Mr. Wiseman; Mrs. Grimwood, Miss Marie Wilton; Mrs. Rabbits, Miss Maud Lonsdale; Ayahs, Misses Hennig and Adair. On Friday next Mrs. Chippem dale takes her benefit, when there will be a change of bill. 