THE BENDIGO HOSPITAL. The hospital is in want of money : and has funds tied up which it could use for the dis charge of its immediate liabilities if the col lections made at some of the churches on Hospital Sunday were handed in to the treasurer. After the statement made by Mr. Abbott at the meeting on Wednesday evening, it may be anticipated that early settlements will be made by the clergy who have not paid in the amounts contributed by their congregations. A more excellent or estimable body of men than the clergy men of the various denominations of this district is not anywhere to be found, but some of thom have the fault of not being business men ; and no doubt have so much work of their own to perform day by day that they have little time to devote to money matters. It is very desirable just now, however, that they should endeavor to find time to square up accounts with the hospital. We trust they will not take this reminder amiss. We can quite understand that when men have their minds fully occupied with the consideration of important and respon sible duties, a matter of the kind to which we are alluding may be overlooked or deferred, and the necessity for early atten tion to it not be deemed of importance by them. When they find that it is essential to the effective management of our great charity that all the amounts collected should be promptly paid in, they will, there can be no doubt, hasten to communicate with Mr Abbott. But liabilities are still being in curred. These are inevitable the manage ment- cannot be carried on without money, and in another month or so accounts will be poured in for settlement, which, as we under stand, there may be some difliculty in meet ing. Consequently an appeal has to be made to general subscribers, who, it is hoped, will not be slow in responding. We are assured that all possible economy is exercised, com patible with the proper attendance on the numerous patients, and a careful ministering to their comforts, to say nothing of the large expenditure absolutely necessary for out-door relief. The interest on the endowment fund is a help, of course-, the investments being judiciously made, and probably no wiser course could to adopted than that of investing in Government debentures. Aid, however, from the public must be obtained to meet current expenses, and on the prin ciple that he who gives quickly, gives doubly, the charitable and philanthropic will do well to come forward as soon as possible with their contributions. CABr.'tGRA5l3.—The latest olcction returns show that 331 Liberals, 250 Conservative:;, and 82 Par nolites havo been returned Servia and Bulgaria both continue to maintain defensive attitudes towards cafih other. Sir Charles Dilke denies that the KadiUal party is anxious to turn the present Government out. Ho says they aro prepared to assist any Government in carrying liberal mea sures. Parliament —Both Houses sat last night, and pushed on with business. In the Assottlbly, the bill providing £3,000 for thtj Widow and family of the lato JiOO. J. M.Grant, M.L.A., was passed, whilu ft similar bill to provide£l,000 for tho widow and family of the latoHush M'Coll, M.L.A., was rejected. Tho Electoral Bill was under discussion when our report closed. Our Melbourne corres pondent writes :—Tho usual order of things .at tho close of a session was reversed) fUr, instead of there being a remorsOlDsS slaughter of chorished govern ment Innocents, bills were passed with a rapidity which promises an almost blank notice paper at tho close of tho day. Perhaps lion members were satiated with the destruction wluuh tlioy wsro willing parties to amongst their o;vn hills on the previous day, and were determined to assist in the solvation of ministerial measures. Tllu Phokogation.—The intontions of the Government as to the date upon which Parlia ment is to bo prorogued are now definitely known (says the " Ago"), Friday, 18th ilist, has beon fixed for the prorogation. The last day of the session upon which any business will be transacted will bo noxt Thursday, as tho proceedings on tho following day (tho 18th) arc usually of a puroly|for inal character. His Excelloncy tho Oovornor will attend tho Legislative Council at two o'clock and read tho speech with which tho session is to bo for; mally closed. Parliament expires by eiiuixion of time on tho SOth of Fobruary next, and tho general olections aro to take placo on the 15th of March. A Dl3THES3iN'0 Case.—At tho fortnightly com mittee meeting of tho Miners' Association last evening tho secretary reported that one of tho most distressing eases ha had ever known camo uuuer his notice on Wednesday at Kaglohawlt. A youth about 18 years of ago, tho only support of his mother and her throe childron, had, about six weeks ago, whilst working in tho Extended St. Mungo mine, stood too near tho placo where a I hole was boinc fired, and had thus inhaled some of the fumes of dynamito. When ho got homo he complained of boing ill, and consulted Dr Thorn. His brain subsequently became affected, and the doctor recommeuded that ho obtain admission to ft lunatic asylum. Ilia friends, however, called in the Chinese doctor, who apparently did the young man much good, for ho was enabled to walk about again for soma days. A fortnight sinco ho wai taken ill a second time. When Mr Phillips called the young man was delirious, aud had to bo watched day and night, whilst his mother was subject to fits. It was resolved on tho motion of Mr Harris to vote tho sum of £2 to tho dis tressed family. PROBATES AND LETTERS Of ADMINISTRATION.— At the Supreme Court yesterday, before His Honor Mr Justice Molesworth, Dr Quick obtained probate to the wills of the following deceased per sons:—John Francis Lewis, £5,000, Charles Wil liam Meeking, £2,913, Patrick Forrester, £940; Neil Robertsen, £563. A VbsiUREsomb Pa.isK.sgeii.—An elderly man named Hyman, travelling from Castlemaino by the 8.10 up train last night, narrowly oscaped being injured by getting into the tram while in motion. Thohoad-porter noticed tho risk tho man was running, and quickly pulled him away from tho moving train, thereby preventing what might have been a serious casualty. In all probability Hyman will bo proceeded against for an infraction of tho railway bv-laws. Tub City SunvKYOR..—The question of the ro tations of the city surveyor with the City Council will bo coneiderod to-day in committee of the whole council. Councillor Weddoll, wo are sorry to hear, will bo uniiblo to attend through illness. This may bo considered a reason for the postpone ment of tho di- cussion; but if it proceeds, the mayor, it is thought, as head of tho official staff, as woll aH of the council, will endeavor to throw oil 011 the troubled waters, as no ono can under stand whit charge will be formulated against the Burvoyor, beyond that of having been too powerful in the wording of his reports, or, in other words more combative and contentious than councillors} expect their officors to be. This is a fault which many people think might b-3 corrccted. without the application of any very desperate remedy. The Regent Accident ax Goldes-squake.— James O'JJea, who has been lying unconscious at his house over since ho met with the accident at Golden-square alroady reported by us, took a turn for the hotter yesterday, and his medical atten dant, Dr James Boyd, has hopes of his recovery. The Matriculation Examination'.—The time tablo for to-day is as follows:—0.30 to 11.30 Greek (pass), 9.30 to 12 30 Greek (honors); 2.30 to 4.30 German (pass), 2.30 to o,30 German (honors). Readings kiiom Dickens' Works.—Lust even ing the audience which assembled at tho Congre gational Church enjoyed a rich troat. The Rev D. .Tones Hamer of the Independent Cliurcli, Collins-street, read .selections frorr. tl>e Christmas Carols by tho over popular author, the late Charles Dickons. As most peuplo know, Dickens himself was a reader of great ability, and ill rendering ox tracts from his own works used to attract largo and appreciative audiences. Very fow subjects could be mc.ro welcome when placed before an audience in this way than tho homely and attrac tive compositions with which Charles Dic kens has delighted, and will continue to delight, the great mass of English speak ing people. No doubt the great majority of those who were present last evening were thoroughly familiar with tho story of Marley's Ghost and Ebenezer Scrooge, but few, if any, of thom over understood or appreciated tho narrative so well as they did last evening. Tho Kev D. Jones Hamor camo from Melbourne with a great reputation, and his interesting readings wero dis tinguished by marked ability. Ho read with clearness and distinctness, modulating his voice and varying his tones with every change of the story willi great dexterity. Tho transitions from grave to gay, from the deeply pathetic to the exquisitely humorous were accomplished by the reader with success only equalled by that of tho writer, and when tho climax was roiched in the reform of Scrouge's nature, tho audionco signified its appreciation of tho narrative, the author's lancniape. and thn reador'n interpretation of it, by hearty applause. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr Hamer, on the motion of the Rev H. I. Green. During the even ing selections wero rendered by the choir under the loaderohip of Mr lluper, Miss H. Leo presid ing at the organ with her usual efficiency. A Gate out or Kei-aih.— The iron gate at tho corner of the Upper lteserve, facing the Five Lions Hotel, is out of repair, abd many peoplo whoso business takes them through tho Keservo liava been unable to open it. Tub State School Teachers' Grievances.— The local members of the School Teachers' A sscciv tion (writes our Oastlemaino correspondent) have expreesod themselves in vory grateful terinn upon the consistent and persistent advocacy of their claims by Mr Mackay and Dr Quick, the repre sentatives for Sandhurst, both in Parliament and on those occasions when grievances have been brought under tho notice of the department. Tho teachers regret that serious iljness has prevented Mr Mackay's attendance in hia place in Parlia ment during tho past few weeks, and hopes are entertained|that their "special advocate" willtoou.-o far recover his normal strength as to permit of his further personal intorest in, and advocacy of, the Teachers' Union. Larceny.—An old offender named Jano Cava nagh was arrested by Constable o'Loughlin yes terday afternoon for the larceny of a. tumbler from Pascoe's Limerick Castle Hotel. BENDIGO DEUTCHER VEREIN. —The annual meet ing of this society was held last evening at the Black Swan Kotcl. There were about 60 members present, and Mr A. Bruhn, president, occupied the chair. The balance-sheet showed that there was a credit balance at the bank of £1,103 10!. The receipts were £G85 19s 8d, and the expenditure £089 17s 9d. A great amount of sickness had pre vailed, the sick pay being £237 10* 2d. The elec tion of officers for the ensuing twelvo months re sulted as follows :—i'resident, Mr A. Bruhn, re elected; vice-president, Mr J. Collard; secretary, Mr h. C. Weibgeu; asbistant- eecretary, Mr 0. Leunig; treasurer and librarian, Mr J. Klunder; board of members, Messrs S. Max, i-\ Jung, A. Ludge, and W. Keimers; auditors, Messrs W. Humine and f. Muller; trustees, Messrs Max, Vahland, and Nagel. Next Wednesday week a presentation will bo piven to Mr Kluuder for act ing as honorary treasurer during the pant k! yearj. Decentralisation- League.—The general com mittee of the local league will meet this evening at the Town Hall to elect delsgates to represcut tho league at the Ballarat convention. A BUGGY Accident.—An accident occurred yesterday afternoon to two sons of Mr John Wearne, of Emu Creek. They were driving to Sandhurst, and when they had reached as far as Sheepwash, the horse suddenly shied, which caused them to be thrown out of the buggy. Fortunately they escaped with but a few slight cuts on the face and body. They afterwards continued their journey to Sandhurst; and were attended to by Dr Atkinson. A Young Incorrigible.—A lad named John Kennedy, alias Cameron, about 15 years of ago, | was brought up at the City Cou::t yesterday I charged with obtaining a quantity of bread .Mid biscuits, valued at about 3s, from Mr Connell, baker, of Long Gully. The prisoner pleaded "Guilty." The prosecutsr stated that the lad hud on several occasions obtained goods from hiin by ; representing that they '.vr.,-a for a Mm Uibb^rd, who resides near witness's bakery. As witness's suspicions were aroused ho made inquiries and when he found that Mr a Hibbcrcl know nothing of the affair he detained the prisoner when ho cama to the shop dn Monday Inst until Oonstnbld Hayes at rived, and took tho lad into custody. The prisoner then gave the name of Kennedy, but tho conatablo subsequently discovered that his proper name was Cameron, In March last the yoitng sdarajj Ivas Glint to gaol for n month for larceny, and during the last few Weeks he h;l3 been staying away from his parents' homo, and living on tho food lie obtained from Mr Council. Tho bench sent him to gaol for two months, with hard labor. . . A LUNATIC.—At the conclusion of the business at the City Court yesterday, Mr M'Ilroy, the superintendent of the Benevolent Asylum, applied to the bench to have an inmate of that institution named Susan Leech arrested. The woman has been very refractory lately and has shown unmis- takeable signs of insanity. Sergeant Fahey inti- mated that if the order for her apprehension were issued, he would have the woman removed to the lunacy ward of the hospital during the day. The order was issued accordingly. A NEW STATE School. —The residents of Eagle hawk will doubtless bo ploasu.l to learn that, after months of agitation, tho Government are at last taking solilo definite action towards provi ling thein with adequate school accommodation. Yesterday morning tho plans and specifications of a now building to be erected ou tho site of Mr Blade's old State school, tsTo. 210, were sent to tho Warden's offico, in Sandhurst, where they may be inspected. The cJntre portion will bo two stories high, with a bolfrey f'li top. Ono of the wings has already been built. The building will bo of brick, and, when complotcd, will be one of the bandsomestaud most comfortable of its kind in tho distrct. A Warning to PUBLICANS.—John Madden, Mid liti&nsco; of the Haymarket Hotel; Market square, Was before the tiity Bench yesterday, and fined with "0J G;i costs, for allowing cards to bo played in his hotel at an early hour on Sunday morning last. Senior-Constable Douglass deposed that the houso was well conducted during tho day, but at night it was frequented by larrikins from Back Creek, who stayed there until all hours tho following inorhinf*. Sub- Inspector O'tfliherty iuti inatodthatitwas his intention toopposd tho rencitoil of tho defendant's license at tho next annual meetine Kangaroo Flat Volunteer Fire Brigade— The annual meeting of this brigade was hold at the Weighbridge Hotel on Tuesday last. There was a fair attendance of members, Captain Waugh taing in the chair. The election of otficers for the next twelvemonths resulted as follows Captain, John Riddihough; lieutenant, Jas. M'Pherson ; lion secretary, \V. J. Kiddihough; hon treasurer, Robert Slessar; ho*e officer, E. Connor; apparatus officer, 1*. Orchard. Tlio balance-sheet for the last twelve mouths was brought up and read, and showed the financial position of the brigade to bo iu a satisfactory state. One active member was elected, and after disposing of some routine busi ness, and passing the usual votes of thanks to the retiring ofilecr«, thy meeting terminated. Fire in the RESERVE.—Two young urchlns named Frederick and Gus Cordingly were each fined 10s, with 7a 6d costs, or in default four days' imprisonment, by the City Bench yesterday, for the carel.-ss use of lire, by which conquerable damage was done to property in the Reserve on Monday last. It appears that the lads, who are oalyt about eight and ton yertrs of age, wero smok ing in the Reserve and carelessly throw u match on to the dry grass, thus causing the tire. Tho policc gave them a very bad character, aud their mother who appeared in Court was warned by Sergeant Fahey that if her children wero again found loitering about tho Reserve, where thoy have been in the habit of sleeping at night, they would bo locked up and sent to tho Industrial schools. A WiiKTOHUri Favilt.— A pitiable sight was witnessed at the City Court yesterday, when a married couplo named Robert and Margaret C'Jn nelly, neither of whom is more than about 28 years of ago, were brought up for drunkenness, and their three children, who were wretchedly clad, hatless and barefooted, stood beside them as lieglccted children. The parents were arrested on the previous evening, while the children wero found in the rescrvo at an early hour yesterday morning. The father is a woodsplitter, while the mother, so Senior-Constable Douglass stated, was totally unfit to have children under her care. Tho family had been residing in a hovol off Birnal street, and tho children have been subsisting on the charity of neighbors. The parents were each fined os, or in default 21 hours' imprisonment; and tha children wore sent to tho Industrial School. WhicbeThby wekb Bohn.—The answers given by witnesses to questions uro sometiinos very amu sing, and at tho L'olice Court yesterday one of tho witnesses caused a hearty laugh through his misap prehension of a question. He was being examined by Sub inspcctor- O'Flaherty with regard to tho paternity oi three neglected children, when tho ofiicor enquired'— " Were tho children born in wedlock?" " JsTo," replied the witness, "two of them wero born iuiichuca and the other in Sand hurst.:: Interesting to Auctioneers.—A case of some interest to auctioneers was heard at tho City Court yesterday, when Mr R. O'Neill, the well-known auctioneer, was charged on summonses issued by Mr Lloyd, municipal inspector of the cattlo yardH, with " that ha did after tho coming into force of a regulation of the City of Sandhurst, No. 21, and whilst tho name was ill force, sell stock, to wit, sheep and lambs at an auction sale at an hour con trary to sec. 4 of such regulation." MrMotteram, who conducted the prosecution, remarked that by an arrangement he had made with the defendant's solicitor, the latter would plead guilty. The council had no desire to deal harshly with any salesman, but still the other auctioneers must bo protected. Mr Macoboy, for the- defendant, stated that the proceedings had been brought under a by-law which has not yot been published, but under which stock can only be sold by auction duiing certain hours of tlie day, while private sales can bo effected at any time. Mr Macoboy was proceeding to explain that the salesmen had made an arrangement amongst themselves in re ference to tho matter, when he was stopped by tho Bench, who stated they could not take judicial cognizance of any private arrangement. Mr Macoboy said the defondant had committed the offence under a misapprehension, but as soon aa these proceedings had been initiated ho had desisted, and would not bo guilty of a similar offence again. In the first case a fine of 20s with £L 10s costs was inflicted, nod the second was withdrawn on payment of £1 Gs costs. CONCERT and Dance.—A concert and dance were hel l in tho Strathfieldsaye Shire Hall on Wednesday evening, in aid of the picnic fund of School No. 1,211, There was a gAod attendance, but the expanse* incurred were .so heavy that it is doubtful whether the venture will prove a finan cial success. At the concert the chair was taken by the president of tho shire, Mr J". Patterson. Tho gems of the evening's programme were with out doubt the glees given by the school children at the opening and closing, The children were taught by Mr A. G. Finster jnnr., who is the Government singing master, and h;in- charge of tho school. The voices of tho children blended most harmoniously, and their training reflects the greatest credit on Mr Finster. Little Bertio was encored for two comic aonga, whilst ho abo executed a sailor's hornpipe in good style. Mr G. Uain'tj ventrilorpiial enter tainment was i) uch o»j»yed by all present. Mr White, of Melbournu, gavo two songs, and his rend-riug of the " Bine-tailed Ely " was very suc cessful. Songs were also rendered by the Mishcs D. Fox, Coyle, and Meyor, and Messrs Brown and Prankerd. A duet on tlw piano wa? well played by Master and Miss Mearcs. The hon. secretary, Mr P. Meares, was most obliging and onrteous. Votes of thanks were accorded the chairman and those who assisted at the concert, Messrs Bain, White, J5t>mervillat and Little Bertie being specially mentioned. The accompaniment* were played by Miss Prankerd aud Mr Flutter, whilst the latter provided music at the dancing, which wa3 kept up until two o'clock on Thursday morning. I Band or Hope Meeting.—A correspondent at Epsom writes :—A Band of liope meeting was ; held list Wednosday in tho Wesleyan Cliurch, I Epsom, at which there wam a large attendance, several having corno from lliintly aud other places. The Band of Hope from Eaglehawk, assisted by their brass band, wero present, ami carried out an excellent programme. Mr Edwin Tiebilcoek, of Kp.«im, oilkiated a.-s chairman, ami the meeting commenced by tho bauds rendering the hymn from Iloyle's collection, entitled "Men for the times." Mr J. Manderson then engaged in prayer, which was followed by a few good remarks from the chairman. A musical selection by the band was then given, alter which Mr Toll gave an ex cellent readiug, entitled "Fool's nonce." This was followed by an ably delivered rccitutiou —" Drink," ljy Mr sweetly sang " I have seen a gilded palace." The next was an interesting address by Mr H Cargecg, vice-president of tho Band of Hope. The brass baud than favored tho audience with another musical selection, followed with an admirable recitation by Mr J. Thomas, entitled "The doctor's mistake." A dialogue, " The Band of Hope spectacles," by Mioses il, Bchofield, K. M'i)oweIl, and If. jerpell wan woll received. A trio, " The social glas^," by Messrs Murdock, J. Manderson, and Toll, was .very well appreciated; Mr Winsor, also vico-president' of the Band of Hope, then gave a stirring address, and earnestly exhorted all to sign the pledge. Another pleasing selection from the band then given, after which Mr 11. Murdock sang "The teetotal car," for which he was loudly applauded. The vocalists -were ac companied in first-class style on the harmonium ind ilv.te, by Messrs J. Thoims aud Richards re spectively. A hearty vote of thanks by acclama tion v:as, o-i tho motion of Mr A. Jenkin, seconded by Mr R. C. Urquhart, accord.}"! the members of the bands for the kind and successful maimer in which they had carried out tho programme. The Benediction wasthun pronounced by the chairman. Subsequently some of those present camo tip and signed tho pledge. This is the first time the band has been here, but the wish was freely expressed that ero long wo would be favored by another visit from our kind friends of Kaglehawk. 