OLCOTT SCIENCE. (Saturday Review.) Mme. Coulomb has recently shown, with extreme frankness, "how it is done, how psychical messages are mysteriously con veyed by the aid of a piece of string, and how a Mahatma can be improvised with a sheet and a sofa-cushion. The miracles of "Theosophy" being thus partially accounted for, as in conformity with natural law, per haps it is fair to examine the philosophy which is based upon the miracles. In a little book styled, "Theosophy, Religion, and Occult Science" (Redway), one of the apostles of Occultism, Colonel Olcott, states, 'in reprinted lectures, the nature of the very extensive faith, which is in him. "There are metaphysicians enough," exclaims the gallant Colonel, " to enlighten and confuse the higher reading public but to one who can follow them through their demonstra tions there are fifty who lack, time, ability, or both." To these fifty lost sheep, who lack time and ability, Colonel Olcott appears as a missionary ; " this, primarily, is my public," he remarks; and he attempts to sweep away the Materialists, and their friends the Positivists. These misguided men are "jostling the Ecclesias- tic, "undermining spiritual aspirations" (think of undermining an aspiration !), and " blackening the sky of sunny " Intuition." Sunny intuition is good ; and so are all the Colonel's metaphors. His lectures are, indeed, a howling menagerie of mixed meta- phors. The Colonel remarks that he plants the Theosophical Society upon a " basic general proposition," the proposition being that the idols of Materialism are to be de- molished by the hammer of science. So now for the Colonel's " Science." He and his friends have "verified the existence of two sublimer states of matter than the form we are told about by our fashionable scientific authorities." Thus aided, the society- which we left planted upon a basic proposi- tion as upon a rock that can buffet the storms of criticism-is "fast growing into a banyan tree," basic propositions being, ap parently, favourable to this class of vegetable life. Inquirers ask, " says Colonel Olcott, whether the society believes in the Immortality of the Soul, and whether a library will be established, and accessible to the Fellows? Inquirers ask fifteen other questions of equal importance, not including whether election is by ballot or by committee. We cannot, of course, reply to all these interesting demands, it is enough for us to try to find out how Colonel Olcott "verifies the exis- tence of two sublimer sorts of matter " than are dreamed of in our philosophy. The fact is that Colonel Olcott appears to make almost too limited a bid for public con- fidence. He seems to believe in the seven principles which Hindu philosophers have verified in man. ' " We are seven," each of us may say, and while the materialist, like the prosiac poet, insists that we are only one apiece, we may enumerate our Sihulà àarira (rira bien qui riva L dwnier) Jiv(i, Lirtgqsarira. Kamaritpa, Manqs, ' Éndclhi, and Atma. Possessing at least five more component elements than the ordinary allowance of body and soul, why does the learned Colonel only verify the existence of two sublimer forms of matter ? We wonder the more at his moderation as he might have declared for at least seven times seven more sublime forms of matter. Each of the seven principles is divided by the mild Hindu, the Colonel's master, into seven sub-groups. The fourth of the seven, the Kamarupa "resulting in the Double," is the important one of the lot for Theosophy. "And is old Double dead ?" we may ask with Shallow, when anyone expires, and the Theosophistic answer appears to be that old Double, or Kamarupa is not dead, but survives the decease of the more Sthulasarira, or material body. The answer is important because it is the key to the whole Theosophistic posi- tion. That position is that ordinary religion cannot face the oppositions of mate- rial science; that Theosophy, on the other hand, can meet science with science, and demonstrate or verify the exis- tence of forces which religion accepts and which science refuses. The demon- stration is provided by means of the 'Kamarupa' ''resulting'in the Double," for material science will ^mve 'nothing to say to tlie Doublo, while religion is expected by Theosophists to welcome jllie« Double as ¡a 'valued ally, i'ColonoliOlcott'B dootrine pt the Doublo, then, may ashwell ,13e stated' in ,l)isown lai)gii!Íge:¡i-"Now the next'ques- tion to be asKed us ,is. whether this foin th principle,! lesulting- us, uïïai/itvtrttpa, or1 the human 'double,' is intelligent or non-intelli- gent,*, matter or ^ »spirit ;' and the, next, whether its existence ^cíin' be' Scientifically' accounted for and Jippioved. ~W,a will lake them in order, tiii itself the living man's double is either a va])our, a miBt, or a solid form, accot'dirig'toits relative State of con-i densation. "Given a outside the body one s¿t of atmospheric',1 e2êelric/( magnetic, telluric,, 'and'other coríditioné^' thisi form ,may be in /jisilile^yet' capable of' making* sounds, or1 'mahifes'tingrolfhêrrsigns* of. its, presence!;' given another set of conditions, it raay<be( visible,'but as'a "misty vapour; 'given 'a'^ 'third set, itj'm'ay'be'cóndénscd hilo perfect' ',visibility,)and'éveil tangibility."1 , j t ' j * Hero is the cieed theosop|iislic jin a nut- shell. Man's essence includes something'' for which physical science lins no place-a' something which,'m áccor°dance"with elec- tric, magnetic, and tellurjc ¡ conditions, may be a vapour, or a mist, oí- something tan- gible, and which may evofi survive the death of the body. Obviously this Double is no more than the old familiar ghost or wiaitl), or in its 'tangible' shape, the ."'materialised spirit" of the Slades and Sludges, rThe existence of such .things is coitainly not a new doctrine ¡ ' for, except, perhaps, the Masai of Central'Africa, we are acquainted with no savages who do not believe in the Double, and whose sorcerers do" not tiado in the belief. Nor is the foundation of a kind of creed on the " basic rock" of these fancies a novelty ; for, if Mr. Herbert Spencer is correct,,sa vage religions have no other foun- dation. > So far, then, Theosophy cannot be held to have made any advance on mere -old-fashioned Spiritualism,-whether savage or American. But, it may be said, the difr ference lies in this, that the savage's "Doubles" are mere dreams and confusions of thought', the Spiritualist doubles mere blad dersand dummies, while thoTheosophists ha vc actually "verified the existence of such " sublimer foi ma of matter." But have they " verified the existence," and how did they verify it 1 Why thus :-" I am now speak- ing of the apparitions of dead persons, says the Colonel. " t have myself seen more than 500 such apparitions in America, where hundreds mora saw them, and have recorded my experiences in the form of a book." And this is verification ! Coleridge did not believe in ghosts, because he has seen too many of them. Because he has seen so many, Colonel Olcott is not only a believeij but holds that he has " verified" something. Why, all men know how these apparitions and materialised Mahatmas and the rest of the fudge are manufactured ! Colonel Olcott is quoted in "Theosophy (Tn veiled " as having íemarked, " A Christian sect has adopted the motto finis " corowit opui-the end justifies the means." The Colonel's Latin is not better thon Mme. Blavatsky's ; but he, at all events, repudiates the doe ti i nu thal the end justifies the means. Only people who hold that Jesuitical opinion 'could speak with tolerance of these Ameri- can' apparitions, ' more than . '500 in number, which the Colonel cites as 'a cloud of witnesses. Mme. Coulomb has described the making of an apparition by her own fair hands ; it was cut out in paper, stuffed, and sewed, " the arms were only up to the elbow." America is full of such apparitions, and they appear in " the constant presence of persons of highly sympathetic magnetism," "Some call thom 'olementaries,' others ' shells,' " according to Colonel Oloott -"others 'sells,'" ho might havo added colloquially, but with peifect truth. But the apostle of Theosophy deems that these manifestations are " the undispersed phan- tasms of the dead, the apparitioual forms oE human beings in transit between the states of full subjectivity and full objectivity-i.e., between life in this world and life in 'Devachan.'" This, to bo brief, is what it all comes to. Theosophy, falsely so called, is ft mixture of American sentimental theology with 'quantities of spiritualism and savage super- stition, bedizened with outlandish Oriental, names. The patentees of this precious com- pound carry it to the Indian market, whero they prose about the Vedas and tho primitivo Aryan monotheism, as if they know anything about the Vedas, and as if tho primitivo Aryan's creeds were a jot moro refined than those of! the primitivo liskiino. Young Baboos, with the delusions of their raco not purged away, aro caught, perhaps, by Europeans and Americans who believe, or aflbct to believe, in tho magical powers of Yogis and Bogies. Theosophy is a mci o mixtuio of the faith in Kitty King with the smatterings of Oriental studies misunderstood and misapplied. The doctrine is conveyed in languago of inco- herent absurdity. "This supernatui-alipin" (that of people who diangrco with Colonel Oloott) " is the curso of all creeds ; it hangs like an incubus" (we should like to see tho Colonel's idea of an incubus) " around the neck of the religions, and hatches ¡the satire of tho scopticj it is the dry rot that catso(ifc tho heart of any faith that builds upon it." A supernaturalism which is a dry roi that can be built upon, which cats out hearts, aud incubates satiio, and hangs round'necks like an incubus, is a very odd agency in- deed, and woithy of the rhetoric of Olcott* science. > i 