* itoveltet danltonFdoom. ^ \- CHAPTER III.—(CONTINUED.) By WAIF WANDER. JBut there was that in the woman's face, and especially in her dark, deep set eyes, that was av?srning to a closer observer. . It was a hard f$ce, a cruel face, an obstinate face, an utflferly untrustworthy face. If ever f^oajir^e and prejudice, and a total want of mot^-H^onBciousness were stamped, upon faatran they were stamped in the cotmtenssnopoi Mrs. ^Brady. Each of the three children that seated themselves at the table xofmct' her on the occasion of which I write hadeome resemblance to the mother; but the j . unsojgipnlous cunning of Cornelius, the animarvanity of Nora, and the ungovernable jga^onsthat gleamed in the eyes of father T were all doubled and intensified in the Joan's face. As the man we call Father (seated himself opposite^*) where she l *he leaned on both hands as ^he rested ___ l ion the table and befit over it toward his fcbwed face, as she mattered angrily between cerifct teeth! it's on you again ? Oh, blood of the Jbwe^ Bradys, of Clogher, turnedto water, the tj&M; is comin' onan' iPs freezin' ye are I" ... . .The bitter scorn of the tones was felt keenly by "the man to whom they were addressed, and ap>nce was flashed from his awful eyes into the woman's that WBB terrible to meet. **-By—i—r"he cried, if yon weren't my mstheryou would haunt me too, for I'd kill jrocl And as it is you'd better be warned, for ^ou may go too far some day, and' my. life is 'of little worth. She started back as his olenched fist Was ^struck so violently on the. table that the dishes were disturbed, but at a warning movement ftom Cornelius her mood seemed to instantly change, and she langhed harshly: "One can't say a word to you at all, James, these times," she said ; can't yon take a joke from your mother ?." " Joke!" he repeated, as he stood up and dashedhischairbackfrom the table, "Am I a child again that you think to twist me round your finger ! Joke I who in their senses would joke with blood on their hands and the Hangman's rope round their necks?" and he dammed the door of an adjoining room behind him, leaving his sapper untouched on the table. Mrs. Brady's face grew white as chalk; and she fell into & chair, staring at Cornelias with Iter terrified dark eyes. " What has come Over him at all, Conn," she cried; "he's not the same man since we : come here.. Oh, my God, do you think he'll i go back on us after all ? " and shexockedherself to. and fro despairingly. " To tell you the truth, mother, I'm gettingafraid," replied Cornelius, as heattacked his! food with an appetite. "I hope that the; black coat isn't putting ideas of religion and! repentance in his head." "If I thought so I'd tear It off his back I' A son of mine torn white livered ? A mans with my blood in him torn back from the re-. venge' I swore him to on the cross ? If I thought so,"I'm his mother, and I'd Tmifahfrrv with my own hands." She looked as if die would. She seemed £aite capable of any deed as she rose Mid shook her right hand out.clenched against the air arouild her. As her long- fingers gripped each other, then so they- would doubt* less have gripped an enemy's throat had-it been within reach when the hot blood was boiling in her^eins—the same blood, as she had truly said, .that had made father James a haunted man. And Nora ate her food hastily, and scarcely hearing a word that was passing round her; for .she was used to' her mother's temperj though she was not in her secrets, and never troubled her head as to what aroused it. At {he present she was toomuch ocoupied about the admirer her brother had given her in his idle chaff, and calculating the effect of a dress she intended to don on thejnorrowwith the sole hope of exhibiting herself in it totheunconscious Irishman. As for Mrs. Brady, she had forgotten the presence other youngest until it was recalled to her by a motion of' Cornelias as he spoke in a low voice. "You forget, mother, that somebody is here." " Oh Nora ? She never hears anything that does'nt concern her own self, or sees anything, God help her, bat her own handsome face in the glass. Nora! Nora, Isay 1" " What ? " returned Nora, with a start on her return from the realms of fanoy. " What wor you thinking of ? " Tady Connor," promptly replied the girl; and Cornelius rose from the table with a loud laugh that made the angry blood rush into his sister's face. CHAPTER IV. THFI! FOBT0NE«TE£LEB OF MOUNT BOBAH. THE hut is high up on a spur of Great Mount Roban in a sheltered spot nearly hidden ity trees and big brown rooks, half coveredwith green moss and grey lichen ; it was built of heavy timber slabs, and covered by sheets of box bark, both of which showed the weatherworn hue of many years. From the front of this hut on the side of the mount one of the grandest views around Marranga was discernable, and if it had been built for the purpose of espionage, no situation could have been better chosen. The township lay under the eye like a green map, dotted with little white cubes that represented dwellings, and right across the long line, of the gleaming creek, past St. Herricks,. and up the slope where the lone cemetery lay, not a human being could move without being traced from Nan Griffith's hut. * The very gully where lay the long-deserted claims was open to the view from that hill home; and as far as the eye could reachfar across the plains bounded by the low; purple-blue hills, one could follow the track along which the coach passed once a day; in short, the eyrie of an eagle was never built in a more commanding and yet retired spot. 'Two or three days after that on which my story opens, Nan Griffiths was sitting on a block of wood outside the door of the hut, and under the heavy shadow of a spreading tree that bent its crooked branches over; Iier ancanny-looking figure. She was a . very old woman, with white-hair hanging loosely over her shoulders; and^a long cloak that covered her even down to her feet; to this cloak there was a hood that could be«drawn at will over her head, and holes, through one of which a skinny hand was passed to grasp a crutched stick. The old. creature was toothless, and her skin was shrivelled up on her face like sun-tanned leather•;.- but the keen dark eyes that sparkled under the long white hairs of her eyebrows were apparently aB serviceable as when she was 20 years younger. She was muttering and mumbling to herself in a dissatisfied way that.made her sharp nose and chin meet in a. manner that gave her some resemblanoe to a bird-of prey; when she saw a woman climbing up the track among the trees leading toward the. hut. It was a tall, pale-faced woman of about thirtyfive, with dark hair and eyes, and a weary, helpless look in her face that would have won the sympathy of a stranger, but did not. seem to be noticed by Nan, who was her mother. "What a time you've been 1 Faugh,the women there isin these days 1" 'I was as quick as I could, be," Ellen Griffiths returned,- as she• seated herself rwearily near the h8g, " and I'm as tired as death." " Death is never tired, you fool, and you always are," Nan growled; " and now; you sit were staring before you without telling me a word; did you see the child.". " Yes, but I had a rare hunt for him." 4 4 Where was he ?" "Up in the cemetery at the Colonel's grave." "By himself ?" " No, he was with Resignation St. Herrick," The regly.seemed to stun the old hag. with surprise. With Resignation St. Herrick 1 With her of all the children in the world I" and then a: harsh, cackling laugh burst from Nan's lips, as she clapped her hands joyfully. "It would be grand," die-screeched; "I. wieh I'd thought of it afore; butthere's time, i enough. I'll make a policeman—a trap of 'him.' I "A policeman I of who?" " Of Dan 1 would it not be grand if he were to trap Colonel St. Harriet's murderer 1" j Ellen looked at her mother with a stony horror,'but she said nothing, though the hag went on as though she had. " Oh ifs awful isn't it 1 your mother is a hard-hearted, cruel old woman, that would hunt to death the man you loved. Faugh 1 you white-livered worm, that would turn and lick the hand that struck you; are you a child of mine at all ? " Ellen Was used to such talk, and she said nothing save what was expressed in the worn to deiath, weary look in her poor white face. " Tell me what you heard, curse you, and don't sit there like a senseless image driving me mad;*' 'shouted Nian, as she seized her daughter's arm and shook her violently; ." open your mouth and- speak, fool that you are." " What am $ to tell about first ? " " The new people at St. Herricks, who are they?—quick." " Their name is Brady, an old mother, two sons, and a daughter. They've taken St. Herrioks—rented it of Mr. Pollard." " And is it true that they're going into the old ground again ? " "Yes." The hag gave her daughter another vicious shake, and her sharp, prominent chin worked like-the half of a pair of nut-crackers as she shrieked— " I'll throttle you if you don't speak out! what has come over you at all fool?- Have you seen a ghost—the ghost of Colonel Herxiek, eh?" " No, but | have seen a» face like Dan Lyons." At the reply the old' woman's hand fell from her daughter's arm as she questioned anxiously. "You don't mean that he has come back; Ellen?" "No, it was in a woman's face I saw the likeness, and then it was in the eyes only.; When I was looking for little Dan I went; round by the fence at St. Harriet's, and: found a young girl-looking over it as if watching for some one; it was the daughter of the Brady's that have taken the place." " Well 1 you spoke to her of course ? " • . " Yes, and got a good deal of news out-of her, but before I left her mother came out: and called her angrily away. It" was in Mrs. Brady's eyes I sawJDan Lyon's." " It was in your own. eyes you saw a fool," 'said the hag scornfully. " You think of notjhingmoming, noon, and night, but that double, dyed murderer that left a curse on you and yours. Go on with what you. were saying." "She's a young girl, and a silly one, the Brady girl; but you'll soon see her foryourself, for I told her about you, and die's sure to pay you a visit. She thinks of nothing but sweethearts, and her brother has told her that a man is in love with her," "Whatman?" "Do you- remember Tady. Connor; mother?" "That Connor that worked in the Gully when the Colonel was killed ?" "The same." " Something is going to happen I" exclaimed Nan; wildly. " No Wondftr I dreamed of strange things and saw strange signs! Go on.I" , " When Mrs. Brady called the girl inside I went on toward the cemetery, and I met Connor himself on his way from the Gully." "Did he know you, Ellen?" " Yes, at once, and asked'me if you were alive yet. He is coming to see. you about some dream." " Aye?-he was always a soft fool, but an open?handed one, too,.so he's welcome." " If I don't mistake,, that's he coming up the hill now, mother," said the woman, as she pointed down toward a man who was steadily climbing up the steep path. Yes, it was Tady, in truth, going, after many misgivings, to see once again the fortune-teller of Mount Roban, whom he had more than once consulted in the years gone by; for Tady was one of those not unusual characters in whom are combined deep religious convictions and an ignorant belief in supernatural powers and beings, and his ignorant mind was sorely exercised on account of a strange dream he had had a.few nights previous. . " How Mr. Leonard would laugh at me," he was muttering to himself in gasps, as the steepneBB of the bill tried his lungs severely; " he don't believe in fortune-tellers or witches, or anything, but seein's believin', an' well I know Nan is a witch if there was ever one in this world." ^ { , When he reached the hut there was no one in front of it, and the door was shut. He knocked a low, respectful knock, and nearly jumped out of his slan as he was bidden by name to enter. : w Come in, Tady Connor." "What am I frightened of ?", he- reasoned with himself as he lifted the latch and pushed open the.dopr. "Of course' Ellen has.come back andtcbld her she seen me." When he^entered the low, dim room, with the clay floor and the smoke-blackened rafters, he' saw that there was a small fire on the hearth, but no one beside it, and then he turned at a sound that made him shiver to see Nan Griffiths standing on the threshold of an inner door with a huge black cat at her feet. It .was the cat's unearthly " me-a-w 1" that hadmade Tady shudder from head to. foot. " Welcome, Ta<ly Connor," said the hag, as she advanced and stood before him, her skinny hand grasping the stick, her low bent form stiU covered with the long cloak. " The seas have rolled between us for long years, and now they have brought you back again." " They have, ma'am," said Tady, as he made.a respectful scrape with his right foot; and I'm glad to see they have left you looking so hearty." " Time makes no odds to me,' she said, as she drew a seat to the table and sat down, while she pointed to another for her visitor. " m live until a man dies, and then my work is done. Sit down." Tady would: have liked to ask her whose death was-to precede her own, but he dare'nt, and waited humbly for the hag to speak agaiti. "You want to consult me ? " she asked, as phe put her shrivelled face so near to him that the fiery little eyes so far back in her head seemed to burn him. " Speak out what it is while the humor's on me." " It's a drame I had, Mrs. Griffiths-^a drame that's troublin' me intirely; an' knowin'well how knowledgeable you always wor, I kem to ax you about it." " All right," she replied, as she drew toward her with a skinny paw the coin Tady had laid near her on the table. " Skull, fetch the master's boob." " The latter command was addressed to the black cat, who instantly entered the inside chamber and almost instantly .returned with a little bag in his mouth, which he deposited oh his mistress ? s lap, taking the opportunity of his vicinity to the terrified Irishman to Spit and " wa-ow " viciously in his face. " Down, Skull" cried Nan to the cat as she opened the bag and drew a pack of dirty cards from it. "Now, Connor, tell me your dreain." " It's twice now I've dramed it," he said, turning his face away from the cat, who still glared at him. " I thought, do you see, that I was down in the old shaft at work, and that with every spade I dug I turned up the head of a man. I thought that I always expected a lump of gold, and saw it shinin' as I turned the shovel, but whin it come up it was always the same man's face wid blood on it." " Did you know the face ? " asked the hag solemnly. " Yes, X did." " Whose was it ? " " It was Dian Lyon, the murderer's, face." <> Something is gqing to happen Tady Connor! " she said, almost repeating the words she had used to her daughter. " The .dream was always the same ? " " Always, ma'am." With her . jaws munching and mumbling horribly the fortune- teller spread the cards before her, and with such a keen anxiety in her own repliant and withered face, that it was evident she possessed some belief in the art she'practised. Unconsciously to himself, the little Irishmanliad uttered the one name in the whole world that had power to excite her worst .passions, for there are far worse passions than the reigning one o! Nan Griffith's, which was cupidity. " What man is plotting against you ?" she asked him suddenly, as he anxiously watched her face while she scanned the cards. You have been speaking to him lately,: though you have not touched his hand—who is it? " and-she turned her eyes keenly upon Tady's face. , "Idon't know, Mrs. Griffiths. I haven't spoke to a soul to-day but my young master, Mr. Leonard Prosser, and I'm sure he'd plot nothing agin his«fosterer." " You spoke to no one else?—mind what you say, Tady Connor." •J'Be this an'be that!" asseverated Tady, and then he all at once stopped, and with a . gasp ejaculated almost in a whisper, " Sure it wouldn't be Father James t" "Who is Father James?" Nan aBked suspiciously, " and what right have you to. be talking of clergymen here ? Why, the very : cat knowfi you have named one—look at him!" In fact the black cat had tamed toward: the terrified Tady, and with every hair on end was me- a-wing and*spitting at him. "Spake to him 1 quiten him for my sake,. Mrs. Griffith's ! sure I meant no harm, and; at any rate Father James isn't a priest at all sein' he isn't in orthers now; he's the gentleman that has rented St. Herribk's an' is livin' there wid his family." A sadden remembrance of what her. daughter had said 'about Nora Brady made the old hag grin to herself as she ordered her familiar to retire, and she resumed the reading of the cards die had laid down. " I can tell you nothing about your dream until you dream it once more," she said, " but beware of a dark man that iB plotting against your very life." "How will I find out who lie is?" asked Tady, anxiously. " Through a giri," replied Nan; " a young girl with dark hair that's in love with you." " With me ? It's jokm' you are, raa'm." Don't I look like a woman to joke?" was the angry retort... " There's a girl in love with you, and you'll see her this very day, for she's waiting and watching for .you at this -moment; and now go, for J can tell you no ^more at present. When you dream the third time come to me again." Tady got up, and having uttered his thanks, gladly hastened out of the hut. His superstitious terrors of old Nan and her cat, although partly overcome' by the wonderfully good news she had told him, were yet quite sufficient to render his escape into the pure air of the mountain a pleasant one, and he hastened down its Bide to be at leisure to think over his unexpected good fortune. Good fortune, indeed, and at last! I think I have-told you that Tady Connor had numbered'- some thirty-five years, and during many lustres of those years it had been his hard fate to have been hopelessly over head ^nd ears in love very many times. Tady's heart was soft, but those of the maidens who scorned his turned-up nose, his crooked fingers, and his red hair, were as hard as the nether'millstone. In vain had hei year after year pictured to himself some lovely inamorato transformed into a loving wife, and called Mrs. Connor. One by one his hopes had been blighted, and his person mocked or laughed at, yet here was a young girl with dark hair in love with him—actually in love with his very sdf,'without being asked or even known at all! Delightful thought! but there was' one drawback—he had a rival, for that was the decision Tady came to regarding the dark man old Nan had declared to be plotting against him, and warned him against. " pf .coorse it's some chap that she won't look at on account of her love for me, the darlin' 1" he soliloquised. " I wonther who she is at all, at all? but, sure, I'll know soon, for I'm to see her this very day," and poor Tady, believing in Nan Griffiths with all his little heart, went down the hill rejoicing and looking all around him for a sight of the girl who at last had been the one to appreciate the hitherto despised little man. " Maybe she's behind some of the bushes or rocks watchin' me the crathur,"lie murmured with a fond smile, -as he took off his hat and arranged his red, stiff locks. " It's well I put on me new coat, though 'twas for old Nan I did it. She was ever an always very particular," and he squared round his funny little person to look at his heels, as he gave the admired 'blue coat with the brass buttons 'a* vigorous tug behind to make it hang more gracefully. He had to pass St. Herrick's on his way to the townBhip—doubtless the cunning hag he had just left had calculated on that fact, and also another fact,, the latter being that Nora Brady was again standing at the fence under the trees, watching and waiting for the sweetheart her brother had promised her, little thinking what events would follow from the effects of his silly fun at the expense of Nora's well-known vanity and weakness for the opposite sex. She had seen Tady climbing up the hill: path, and now watched his return with a beating heart and a conscious smile on her coarse, rosy face. St. Herrick's had, as we know,-an interest for Connor that Nora did not guess at, and for a moment, as he passed it, he forgot the fortune teller's prediction and thought of the murdered man whom everyone had loved. In jthe very middle of these sad thoughts, however, he heard a slight cough, and with a sudden return of his warm admiration of his unknown inamorato's taste, he stopped and turned in the direction of the (< ahem." : Had there been an observer of the meeting between Nora and Tady he must certainly have been an amused- one. The girl was craning her neck over the fence in trying to follow with her eyes Tady's passing form, when at her cOugh he turned suddenly and stopped, then she drew her big head back and Tady struck an attitude, an attitude so ludicrous and comical that nothing but the girl's exaggerated self-conceit prevented her from observing its true nature, but as it was she saw nothing save unbounded admiration of her over decorated self, and was immensely delighted, so with the envious fence only between, them Tady grinned from ear to ear, and fell awkwardly upon his knees on the damp grass, under the thick trees that protruded their great branches over the dilapidated fence. Are you Tady Connor ? " simpered silly. Nora,-as she scanned her lover's rather singular-proportions lavishly displayed by his sprawl upon the grass. " I am, mavottrneen, I am that happy man," cried Tady. " What makes you so- happy ?" " Because at last I see the beauty an' the darlin' of the wide world here forenint me this blessed day." "He-he-he!" He-he-he wasn't much, but, with the accompanying leer from Nora's small, heavy eyes, it expressed great encouragement to poor Tady. " Arrah, don't be laughin' at me asthore; sure, you'll brak my heart if you do I" And with a good deal of grunting, Tady struggled to his knees, and ventured nearer to the fence. ' I'm not laughing at you. How did you know I was here?" Nora asked, as she arranged her ribbons and cheap ornaments pretty much as Tady had arranged the tailof his coat a little previously: "iNan tould me agra, an'sure it was meself that a'most flew down the hill to come to ye," replied Tady, but he was Wondering all the time who told the girl his name, and then deciding it was that dangerous dark man who was plotting against him, he determined to ask her at once. „ " I say, agra, who was it" tould you me name ?" " Conn did," and as Nora went on, he was muttering, almost audibly, " D Conn, who ever he is." "But who is this Nan yon" are talking about? Is she you're sister ?" "God forbid 1" and Tady crossed himself devoutly, "arrah no, asthore, she's an ould woman that has lived up on Mount Boban these twenty years, an' she's a fortune teller." The latter words were uttered in a whisper, that necessitated Tady's monkey-like face being protrrfded over the fence in dangerous proximity to that of the delighted Nora, who was, however, woman enough to-affect a prudery she was far from experiencing. " Go away with you—it's a shame foy you, and if mother or Conn was to see you, both of us would be killed." " Divila care I care! Who's Conn ?" asked Connor, with a scornful twist of his ugly nose at the mention of a name he had identified as a fancied rival'.- " Fd be sorry to vex the mother ov me darlin' girl, but as for Conn—to the divil wid him, I say ! Who is he, at all, at all ?" '' Conn is my brother,"didn't you know that ? I've two brothers, you know, Conn and James, Father James, they call him now." " Oh, Lord I is Father James a brother of yours? But afther all, why should? we be afraid of him or any one ? I'll keep company wid no daeentgirl' except for dacency, and sure he could marry us if he was agreeable." " Marry us," repeated Nora, with "a giggle again, at the idea" of this ardent wooing. " 'Tis early in the day to be talking of marrying when I've only seen you a minute or two ago; and besides,. James couldn't marry us, for he's not in orders." "Oh, I forgot, he tould me so himself agra; but never mind, when we makes up our minds we can aisy find a priest to tie us together for a happy life. Who's that ? " That was someone shouting shrilly " Nora ! Nora!" in the direction of the house. . " 'lis me mother! I must go or ahe'll kill me." " Stop one minnit ashtore; Whin'll I see you agin? Tell me quick aow. before you go. Sure I'll be thinkin' it months till I see yoar beweheful eyes an' your darlin' face again." - " I don't know, I'm often'here at the fence, and if you'41 whistle I can come mostly any time in the evenin'." • _ " Oh, the lovely crathur 1" murmured Tady, as he gripped the top rail of the fence-and stared^ after the quickly retreating figure of his fat inamorata. " Isn't she the darlin' of the world to take a fancy to me in this way, an' not a sowl to care for me in this wide world but Mr. Leonard ?" and the name reminded him that he had better not keep his young master ignorant of his whereabouts much longer, so he tore himself away and made for the township. CHAPTER Y. THE BEAD MAN'S CURSE. Lone cemetery of Marranga, where the few dead sleep far from the world they may know no more, and where the rustle of the long grass over their neglected graves is rarely caused by a human footstep. There in the quiet nook on the hill-side may the bird rear her young in peace among the spreading trees of the old Bush Land, and the breeze whisper to dead ears unheard save by the young of the wallaby that sometimes venture to peep from among the rocks that bound its fence. To a stranger no desolation could seem greater than that of Marranga -graveyard, where a dozen graves had sunk among the grass to sad neglect, and over only one had a name or a date been inscribed. And that one, on a head-stone of white marble, stood out from its surrounding, of flowering plants, like a sentinel who never sleeps, to guard the last restinjj-place of a St. Herrick. That spot alone - in the grass tangled enclosure was carefully tended, and lay an oasis of blossom ip. a desert of desolation. The black letters on the pure surface of the head-stone had in some measure faded, but the inscription was yet plain enough to the eye had there been oiie in the vicinity to read it. But it was yet early in the morning,- and the man who was slowly approaching it had not as yet reached the graveyaid. Indeed he seemed in no haste, for he toiled up the elope as one afflicted with weakness, and when he had reached the gate, rested long on it, gazing toward the white sentinel tomb, He was a tall man with a white haggard face under a slouched hat, and he wore a long, black semiclerical coat. It was the new tenant of St, Herricks, the man known as Father James. Perhaps hie did not mean to enter at all. He stood there so long, and so motionless that he might have been as dead, as that man over whom the white stone stood, for all appearance of life that he exhibited. Magpies were stalking proudly in the grass, and greeting the early sun with their sweet gurgling notes. The laughing jackass, perched upon the limb of a leafless gum tree, shrieked out a wild chorus to some distant mate. The green paroquet fluttered and chattered among this branches, but that statue-like man did not seem to see them or hear anything until there was the sounds of voices behind him, and then he turned his head just a little way to see who were the unwelcome visitants to a spot he had believed too lone to bring a single human being to gaze upon his face. It was fair designation St. Herrick who came toward him, though he did not know & then, and beside her walked a boy of about her own age, a boy with a bold, intelligent eye, and a fearless mien. . Close beside Resignation walked Guardian, her great dog, with his eyes closely and suspiciously scanning the stranger as the trio neared him. Resignation was attired as she had been when I first named her, A pale blue-fleecy dress enveloped her slight figure, and from under her broad drooping hat her flossy fair hair fell in a cloud over, her shoulders. In one hand she carried a little basket, the other was laid on the dog's great head, as the child noticed his uneasy movements. The boy's stout, healthy, figure was clad in a shirt of some light "flannel material, and; a pair of well-made dark trousers covered his sturdy limbs. A straw hat shaded a pair of fine dark eyes, iand a handsome bright face, browned by the sun, and ruddy with health;. Hush, Guardian, you must not be rude to strangers," designation whispered in response to the dog's subdued growl. " He will not bite you, sir." Father James made ho reply, and the children passed him to enter the gate. The lad went on without vouchsaving the man a second glance, but Resignation paused with her soft hand on the still open gate. " Would you like to come in, sir ? It is not private. Would you like" to come in and see my dear father's grave ? " v " Your father's grave 1 Why should I want to see your father's grave, child?" The words were spoken so sharply that the child drew back a little; during all Resignation's little life these were the first words she had heard in any other tones than affeetion or pity, and she fixed her large calm eyes upon the mart" in a sort of mild wonder as she replied, j " I beg four pardon; I thought you were i the gentleman,who has taken the house where papa used to live, and that you might* like'to see his grave." " Who are you, child ?" he asked in; trembling tones, as his white face seemed to yet blanch of a more ghastly pallor. " I am Resignation St. Herrick,'^ she answered; " my father was Colonel St. Herrick." Stay, I will go with you," he murmered, as sh6 was turning away with a disappointed look to follow her companion. The gentle child waited gladly until Father James had passed the gate, and then she closed it behind him. He allowed her to pass him, and. then followed her up the narrow pathway between the long grasses of the old graves. If she could have known what waspassing in that man's heart—if she could have read his thoughts, hidden beneath that, outward calm and that priestly dress, what would Resignation St. Herrick haye done, or what'would the poor fatherless child have said? He followed her light steps until she stopped near a grave, where flowers grew under that white marble headstone, on which the priest ? s eyes seemed fixed with such a stony glare that the lad who knelt by the grave with a trowel in his hand stared, at hnn in wonder. If the words had been red hot, and pressed against the man's naked breast, his face could not have expressed a greater agony of fear and pain. SACKED To THE- MEMOBY OJP COLONEL THEODORE ST. HEBRICK, Foully murdered at Marranga, June 19th, 186— " Vengeance is MINE, I will repay, saith the LOED." ' The child saw that his eyes were tracing the words, and waited silently and respectfully until he turned his face away, and sat weakly down on a grassy tuft with his back to the headstone. The boy looked at Father James with a suspicion that he evidently shared with the dog, for at every movement of the man the animal showed his teeth, though silently, doubtless from respect to his young mistress's former reproof, but Resignation regarded the stranger with a yearning pity that her soft question explained. " Did you know my dear papa, sir ?" and as a reply Father James shook his bowed head. " You have perhaps lost a dear father, too ? but not in so sad and cruel a way as I lost mine. .Oh it was cruel, cruel." "It Was worse than cruel; it was inhuman and - cowardly ?' cried - the lad, striking the trowel on the grass he was kneeling on for emphasis; " and if I was a man and met him I would kill him as I would a snake." " Who are you ?" asked the priest, suddenly as he turned his face toward the vehement " Me ? My name is Daniel." "And Daniel is my friend," explained Resignation eagerly. " He has always helped me to keep papa's grave nice, and when he is a man he is going to find papa's murderer and get him punished." She said the last words in a low, emphatic whisper, looking round her as if fearful of being overheard as in a matter of the most secret consequence. " Yes, I shall find him," Daniel declared, proudly. " Old Nan wants to make a policeman of me to run the villain down; but I shall find him without being a trap. He may hide himself anywhere, but I shall find him, for it is fated-that my hand shall put the rope about his neck." "How do you know?" asked the whitefaced priest almost in a whisper. "Because granny has said so, and she is a reader of the stars—they cannot lie, you know, and besides I feel that I shall know Dan Lyons by instinct if ever the villain comes near me." " Was Dan Lyons the name of the man who " and he nodded toward the head- stone, though' he did not turn his eyes toward it. "Yes, didn't you know?" Resignation asked wonderingly. "He was poorjpapa's mate in the claim, you know., It doesn't tell about it there"—and she pointed^ to. the stone—" but mama has told me all about it over and«7er again. Dan-Lyons buried my dear father alive—papa wrote about it in his note book while he was dying,-and mama has the note book. yet. Just - fancy what -it must have been to be crushed; down in the dark ground alive, but smothering, and thinking of mama and me all the time t Oh, poor papa 1 But I would rather have been him, even then, than the wicked man that killed him, for he was going to heaven, but the murderer can never, never go there." " Are you sure of that ? " How eagerly the question was.asked l with what trembling lips and .craving eyes I " Of course he can't!" cried Daniel; " he must go among the devils, for he was one of them 1 he was no man.! didn't he bury the Colonel alive and stand looking at him and taunting, him while be was dying ? " Only a devil could do that I" . - " Maybe, Daniel, if he was truly penitent," Resignation said doubtfully; " if he is sorry and asks -God for Christ's sake, He may for-' give him after a great while." " Never i all the sorrow in the world wouldn't undo -his sin or make a dead man live again! Besides, if he was.sorry he would have stood out before the world and confessed his crime I " From one to the other of the childrens'' faces Father James gazed eagerly. What could he be looking for ? In Dan's eyes he saw only a fierce anxiety for justice on the murderer, in Resignation's a pitiful doubt, as her knowledge of ^God's mercy was contending with hoc righteous abhorrence of .the man whose crime had made her fatherless. "It was cruel," she repeated, as she patted the mould, around some plant on the grave beside which she now knelt softly, "andif it was not my poor papa he had killed, I might be sorry for that bad man, but it is. hardly natural for me to be sorry for Mm" " Sorry for lam ? I wiBh I was old enough and—and I'd " , _ " Vengeance is mine," repeated Resignation from the stone-f" mama, says that aB surely as. God's sun shines in the sky God's vengeance-will overtake s Dan Lyons, the murderer.". . . • Still from one young face to another the man looked voicelesely, the children now tending the flowers, on the ; grave and Jiot regarding him, but each engaged with their own thoughts. At last the man shuddered from head.to foot as though a fit had shaken him- with its last throb, and he spoke, to the boy. . . "Did you say your name was Dan?!' " Yes, I wish it wiasn't! why did. they call me the same name as that murdering wretch ? I won't have it! " " I never call you D^n,'' said Resignation softly; v Daniel is a nicer name, and the Daniel in the Bible was a good man.". - , "Your name is Dan?" persisted the stranger; "Danwhat?" . i'My name is Daniel Griffiths if you want to know," the boy replieddefiantly, ior he resented the priest's insisting on calling him Dan. " What is your mother's name? " "Ellen,.Ellen Griffiths; she is old Nan Griffiths' daughter." " (To be continued.) 