THE BURIED LEEACY : The Bailiff's Scheme. By MRS, HARRIET LEWIS. itfrfiOB otf 'thb bobble iffs,' 'the rival -H)tJSBff6/* *'tfiifi HOXJSB OF SfiCBETS,' BTG. CHAPTER 3txt. — fCoimymsD.) Hugh, his face flushing, told of Rosa tnond's adventure on the -bridge near the lowers, and of his opportune appearance on the scene, and of his subsequent visit at iier house. Miss Deane felt his hand tremble more than Once in hers, and she read in the light ihat ebbed and flowed in his eyes the story of his love for Rosamond Wilchester. ' Miss Wilchester is a lovely girl, Hugh,' she said. ' I am glad you- are interested in her. Since Sir Archy and his daughter are already acquainted -with you, let us call tipon them in a day or two, and make known our relationship and your history. We may need their friendship. At any rate, Sir Archy'8 counsels would he valuable.' Hugh assented, and then they talked of themselves, and of Hugh's dead father, and Miss Deane expressed her perfect conviction that Lord Paget had told the truth con cerning his marriage to his brother, and that Lord Leonard had resolutely suppressed that truth, destroyed the marriage certifi cate, and conveyed to her the false story of her child's death, that no obstacle might intervene between Lord Leonard and the object of his ambition — his father's title. The mother and son were sitting close together, their hands clasped, when Mrs. Cummings entered to announce that dinner was waiting. Miss Deane smiled at her start ot surprise, and in a few words told her of Hugh's identity. ' He's the very image of Lord Paget !' Said the good dame, delightedly. ' Is he called Lord Paget, too ?' ' 25b ; for the present he is simply Hugh Chatidos,' replied her mistress. ' He has his, 'rights to struggle for yet — his spurs to win as they said in olden times. But he will be Lord Paget yet.' She put her arm in that of her son, and iihey made their way to the dining-room. After dinner, Miss Deane and Hugh re turned to the parlour, where the afternoon pbssed in a delicionB communion. Every moment made them better acquainted with, each other, and Hugh was soon in a glow of admiration for his- noble and beautiful mother. He found that, though living the life of a recluse, she did not hate mankind ; that her soul was the abode of all generous and charitable thoughts, and that her life was one of unostentatious goodness and full of kindness for the poor along the coast. The night came on early, without a twi light, the gray clouds that had darkened the afternoon shutting down abruptly upon the moor and the glen. ' The parlour shutters were closed, the curtains drawn, the fire heaped np with fresh fuel, and two tall wax lights placed tlpon the mantelshelf, thus giving to the room an added cheeriness. ' It will be a rough night off the coast, I fear,' said Miss Deane, arising to shut the door, which a puff of the wind from the hall had blown open. ' How the wind breaks down the glen* I hope there are no vessels tear the coast to-night.' Hugh leaned back against the cushions of his chair, the fire-light playing on his handsome face, and looked up into , His mother's eyes with an expression of deep content. ^ ' It is such a night as makes one appre ciate a home,' he said, 'and it is the first night in my life when I felt that I had a jhome.1 At this moment steps were heard in the hall, and Mrs. Cummings made her appear ance. ' If you please, Miss Gertrude,' she said, ^.there's an old gentleman wants to stop for the night. There's a storm coming up, and he's afraid to keep on his journey to the Bathmuir Glen/ * An old gentleman ? Who is he ?' *He says he's a doctor, Miss Gertrnde, ;*ud has been to see a patient on the moor, &nd; that his cob took fright and got away worn him, and he's got to get home on foot. Jfe's not fit for a ten-mile walk in this wind. fSBtdll bid him stay?' . 'I Will Bee him,' eaid Miss Deane, cau TOttfcly. She followed her servifcress to the kitchen, .*™iere,&t; the corner of the broad hearth, an ©Id man was sitting in a bent attitude, his '°&gi; thin, white locks half veiling his ?ace. Miss Deane had at first thought been in clined to be suspicious of this claimant on jjher hbspitalitv ; but her suspicions fled pwhen she beheld the heavy staff at his side, pthe seeming palsy that shook his frame, and iis general uir of decrepitude. Surely there be no harm in an old man like this. He looked up as Miss Deane's light tread sounded bnlhe uncarpeted floor, grasped his Bfcaff in his trembling hands, and arose to his feet, botving lowly. ' Lady, I ask a night's shelter,' he said, in a tremulous voice. * Ybttr servant has tolcL you of the accident that has befallen me? My cob broke from me and ran away as I was in the act of mounting him. I live in the Rathmuir Glen, but I cannot undertake the journey in the teeth of this wind.' '.You- are an old nuin to attend upon patients,' said Miss fieane; Jdn|l^.; .. * Not so' very olfl-^only id, lady. And there's many a one that would rather have old Doctor Sanders liow; than .any of yoor Hrie7nteW-fangl^ 46ct0#A;s&id; tho old man,j TTith_ ;appa^enl; ; jpridje. - C* i^e're^s. ,-plcnjty of j toughneso in tny oXtL'-'hpQfeityeb, ':-in'3 1'il do i'Map- ;'-V;:Msv: ??' ?-?? Jf:^-: f ?'?-'?;??£ ^XtTi&f; i -\ Sitlyikcj.oM'l^ 'Very well, Doctor Sanders/ she said. * You are welcome to stay* Won't you join us in the parlor p* ' Oh, no, no, lady. I am but a Simple old fellow, not fit for ladies' company. If it's all the same to you, I'll take my old bones to bed. The wind has buffeted me sorely.' ' Yflu will at least have food ?' The old man declined the proffered hospi tality. ? ' You BhalL then, be shown to your fooxb. as soon as it can' be got ready,' Baid Miss Deane ; adding, as she turned to her house keeper, ' Mrs. CummingB, get the bedroom next to my eon's ready, and Bhow the gentle man upstairs.' ' ? . A quick, strange gleam shot out . from beneath the old man's downcast lids, .but he sat down shaking as with palsy, and mut tering, his thanks in a broken voice. Miss Deane lingered but a moment longer, then returned to the parlor. A few minutes later, the infirm guest was heard tumbling up the stairs to his room. The mother and son teat late in conversa tion, but mounted the stairs at last to getter. ' This is your room, Hugh,' said Miss Deane. conducting him to the room over lhe parlor. ' Mine is further along the hall — the third door. I put the old gentleman in the room next this. If your wound should disturb you in the night, do not hesitate to call ine. Hemember — the third door.' She kissed him tenderly and withdrew, going to her own room. For a while Hugh softly paced the floor in his stockings, hi* thoughts divided between his newly-found mother, his prospects, and Rosamond Wilchester. ' I feel that I . am considerably nearer to her now,' he thought, with a glow at his heart. ' And perhaps to-morrow I shall see her. The gulf between us shall soon be bridged over, and then — ' His face glowed, his eyes shone with a joyous expectancy, and a smile quivered about his lips. He continued his silent walking until a sense of fatigue began to creep over him, and bhen he undressed and went to bed, soon falling asleep. It might nave been an hour later, when a ieathlystillness had settled upon the house, that the door of the next room softly opened and the white Head of ' Dr. Sanders' was thrust cautiously out into the dark hall. There were no spectacles over his eyes now. They shone bold and keen and bright without disguise. They were the eyes of Lord Leonard Evremond. The pretended doctor was in fact Lord Leonard, skilfully disguised. ' All asleep,' he whispered. ' He sleeps in the next room. I have only to be bold and swift and cautious, and this stumbling-block is removed forever from my path. I have 3verything in my own hands now. Now is my time.' He- stole into the hall, closed his. door, listened while he crouched in the shadow of bhe wall, and then, like a tiger intent on his prey, he crept noiselessly along the corridor to Hugh's room. A moment later he entered it, closing the loor behind him, CHAPTER XXII. — Strange Arrivals. Upon the evening of the same day on which Hugh Chandos arrived at Glensae — it nearly the same moment in which the dis guised Lord Leonard Evremond stealthily jrept to Hugh's chamber — a visitor made bis appearance at Sir Archy Wilchester's Moor Cottage. The visitor was of course Jason Hadd, the bailiff's son. He came alone, with luggage enough for a, fashionable young lady, and with an evi dent determination to conquer Rosamond's, heart, now that he had, as he supposed, the whole field to himself. The parlor was lighted, and Sir Archy and Rosamond were sitting before the fire, Bonversing in low tones, when the cab wheels 3topped before the door, and Jason Hadd made a noisy entrance into the hall. ' We may as well bid adieu to peace and quietness now,' said Sir Archy, bitterly, re cognising the young man's affected, high pitched tones, 'from this moment, during our stay here, we are to be under this fel low's surveillance, I suppose.' Before Rosamond could reply, the visitor was ushered into the room. The young girl arose with grave dignity, and bowed, but did not offer her hand to the unwelcome guest. Sir Archy followed her example. 'A cold night,' said the 'bailiff's son, ?somewhat disconcerted by the coolness of his reception. * The wind is blowing great guns. It's not a pleasant place up among these hills at this season.' He drew near the fire and took possession of an easy-chair, with an affected shiver as he spoke. ' It is much pleasanter in the summer,' said the baronet, forcing himself to speak courteously. .., ? .'? , * Oh, it;is ! I should hope so ;' and Jason Hadd shrugged his shoulders and laughed lightly. ' We'll try it next summer, will we not, Miss Rosamond? With horses to ride, and a boat on the sea — which cannot 13B many miles distant-^-we could pass a delight ful summer here.' Rosamond did not reply, and Sir Archy hastened to change the conversation. At the earliest practical moment Rosa mond excused herself, and retired. ' Sir Archy soon after showed his guest to his room. , During the next day Jason Hadd devoted himself to Miss Wilchesjber, playing for her, practising duets with her, accompanying her on a walk over the moor, and overwhelming her with attentions which she would have given much' to escape. The day dragged away, the evening wore on. Rosamond sat in the parlor listening wearily to the florid compliments of her un welcome suitor, her thoughts elsewhere. Sir Archy paced the floor restlessly, sick at heart. . ' - ? -.'.,',' '? ? 'This cannot go on .much longer,' mat tered the. baroneii, with a glance at his daughter* * Bnt what can t do P? At this juncture Were heaatfl the sounds of an, arrival. ? \:.\\. - ? ? . I ???.?imbo can that be?' asked Jason Hadd, with quick suspicion. ' You do not expect 0&er;]pyesi^^jr Atchyf * ; . ?? :;r'^v 'had .'?*¥-» :-pr^^ttt|itioM-ri»i'a4^'^Ws;s;|^^ suspicious gaze, and regarded- him with in dignation. Sir Archy was on the point -of replying sharply, when quick steps . weze heard in. the hall, and an instant later the parlor j door was burst Open, aad AmOsJHadd, the; bailiff, rushed into the room. There was a strange eagerness, and ex-; citement in the manner of the land agent-^-- a perturbation ?which he had ' never before exhibited. His clothing was disordered, his hair disheveled, and his whole appearance was that of a man Upon whom some great and unexpected reverse had fallen. He stared at Sir Archy, at Rosamond, at his son, and glanced around the room quickly, as if in search of a fourth person. - 'Where is she?' he demanded, excitedly. 'Where is she ?' Sir Archy's countenance expressed his astonishment. - . * For whom are you inquiring .?' he asked. 'ForBettine— old Bettine !' cried Hadd. 1 She has run away from the Towers. She has robbed me. She procured a ticket to Cockburaspath. Is she not here ?' 'We have not seen her,' replied Sir Arehy. ' But she must be here ! I traced her in this direction!' and the bailiff's wild eyes searched the baronet's face in a keen and eager scrutiny. ' She cannot have dropped off by the way. The journey cannot have been a blind. You have not heard from her ?' ' I decline to be catechised in this man ner,' returned Sir Archy, haughtily. ' The woman has not been here. Let that suf fice !' The bailiff turned his bloodshot eyes upon his son. 'You have not seen her, Jason?' he exclaimed. * No. What's up ? What has she stolen ?' asked Jason Hadd, astonished at his father's excitement, as well as at his unexpected appearance. The bailiff paid no heed to these ques tions. ' If she has not arrived she soon will,' he declared. ' She may have travelled by the same train with me. I must have out stripped her by the road. This is better than I expected.' He calmed himself by an effort, and inquired; — * Are my men here yet — the fellows who came with the horses ?' Jason replied in the affirmative. * They are in the kitchen, I suppose,' said Hadd. ' I must see them.' . Without waiting for a reply, he made his way to the kitchen. After a brief consultation with the - men, he returned to the parlor, his excitement somewhat abated. ' My arrival was rather abrupt,' he ob served, with a disagreeable smile. ' The fact is, I have spent a day of great anxiety and excitement. I am most terribly hungry, Miss Rosamond, having eaten nothing to day. Would it be too much trouble to order me a little supper — a bit of cold meat — anything.' ' I will order it,' said Miss Wilchester, coldly. She withdrew to the dining room. Sir Archy immediately followed her. ' Well, what is it,' demanded the younger Hadd, on finding himself alone with his father. 'It is no light matter that has brought you here so unexpectedly. Is this talk about the old woman merely a blind, or has she really stolen something ?' ' She has really stolen something !' re plied the bailiff, with a groan. 'What has Bhe stolen — your books, papers ?' « The bailiff moved to and fro excitedly. 'Worse — worse I' he ejaculated. * Worse ! What can*be worse ?' The bailiff looked around him cautiously, drew nearer to his son, and whispered : ' You have heard the story of the Buried Legacy ?' ' The Buried Legacy ?' * Yes, the fortune hidden by the first Lady Rosamond Wilchester! You are certainly familiar with the story: how the Lady Rosamond conceiving herself in danger of being robbed while her son was away from England, caused her jewels, which her first husband had looted in India, to be secreted somewhere in the old Gray Tower ?' ' I have certainly heard some such legend,' assented Jason Hadd; 'but what has that to do with your hurried journey ?' 'I will tell you. The Lady Rosamond died without disclosing the hiding-place of her treasure. Her descendants have looked for it, but not so thoroughly as I would have done, for none of them have needed it until Sir Archy, and he has not dared to make an open- search for it. For years I have laid my schemes to possess that trea sure. I have dreamed of it sleeping and waking. It has ocenpied a prominent place in my plans. The ownership of the Towers, the alliance with the Wilchesters, the re covery of the buried treasure, I have schemed for these alike. And now — aindnow— ' ' ? He made a furious gesture, and resumed his fierce walk, *And now?' ' * For months I have kept np an occasional nightsearch of the mined tower. For months I have watched Sir Archy carefully, lest he should outwit me in this thing. I hurried TiiTTi and frig daughter up to this desolate region that I might have a clear field. Then hastening to improve my opportunity, I 'be- gan a thorough search. Night before . last I worked alone in the vaults of the tower. All day yesterday, after you left home, -I worked without resting. And last night I was at it again.' ' 'And had your labour for your pains, of course.' * - The bailiff paid no attention to this re mark, continuing his fierce walk, as he said: * In my excitement I forgot that old Bet tine .lived in the ruined tower. If I had thought of her, I should not have taken alarm, for she is feeble and deaf. It would have been easy to. dispose of her. The tower -had been examined thoroughly, the bricks paving the Hearth had more than once been taking up, but the idea seized me to take them up again;- I worked hours at tW:-^^..j^i^]Me.''h^^jixL)Bi heap. 1 finished at last, without having found any? tMng.U As iv tossed die last brick angrily upon the others, %he pile toppled over and fejiibo ^0^0ot^$At .*;? orashY '? And at;.#i& ^ame m^n^ri^ as I held the lantern above aj4teaf,:bn^:-jf the bricks feU ykUow pp bi*:pa^^rpp^;|p^W^e^l&e; within it. vl' st-pod for a momentkBtupent3d- of paper held the secret of -themiding^place) of .the treasure !' 'Well?' cried Jason Hadd, breathlessly, as the other paused, groaning. * In the midst of ay stupefaction — before I could stir^-k tall figtire, dressed in whi.te, flew past me, caught up the paper, uttered an exulting laugh, and dashed past me/ again, hurling the light from my haindsj When I recovered myself I was alone,,. and there was no trace of the strange, visitant.' 'Strange!' said the younger Hadd, j in amazement. ' Did you not search/for. him?' : ' ' Search ? I fairly ransacked the /tower^ And at last I went to old Bettine'fl room and routed her up.. She came to the dtoop, ten times as helpless and as deaf as usual. She seemed to have been just awakened from, her sleep. I questioned her, but , she; completely befooled me, and 1 left her at last convinced that she knew nothing of what had happened. I went away, ihalf persuaded that the figure in white was: the ghost of the Lady Rosamond. Yefc thei more I thought of it the more I was dis-i satisfied, and I went back to Bettine's room., about daybreak. Her door was locked. I broke it in. She was gone-^old red cloak,, mob-cap, and all — gone ! ' ' Gone ! ' repeated Jason Hadd, feebly. ' Yes, and left not a trace behind. I comprehended that she had watched me — that she had played the ghost — that slie had stolen the slip of paper on which is written the secret of the Buried Legacy. I hurried over to the village. As I hadfsus pected, she had left Wilchester by the earliest train — a slow one — and had booked herself for Cookburnspathi She has the paper in her keeping. She will bring it to Sir Archy. Hark ! Is not that the sound,' of wheels ? ' They both listened intently. ' Noj it is the wind,' 6aid the bailiff. ' I drove fast from the station, despite the roughness of the road. She must be near, though. I have stationed my men — the two who were in the kitchen — at the lower end of the lane, with orders to stop her approach. One is to hold her captive-while the other comes for me.' ' But if she should come on foot ?9 sug gested Jason Hadd. ' 'She will not. She is too old;. to walk, and too feeble to face. the strong Wand. The paper will soon be in my handstand I will start for home in the morning. To tell the truth, Jason, I don*t like my new clerk. He's altogether too well named tojsuit me. How Elhger came to recommend I him so highly I can't see.' fr ' Why don't you. like him ?' The bailiff frowned as he answered. ' I believe he pries into my rfffairs* I think my private papers and letiers have been tumbled over in my absences. My housekeeper says that he was up» all night; last night in my study, and she/ heard thei frequent rattling of papers. I foel somehow1 as if he were a spy on me. ^Yesterday I, entered the study unexpectedlyi and he had. no spectacles on* He put them on directly, muttering something about cleaning them^ but not before I caught a glimpse of his eyes. They looked strangely familiar to me. They reminded me isom.eh.ow,' he. added, hesitatingly, 'of Mairk Wilchester, who is in India — Rosamond's brother, you'i know.' ' Captain Wilchester wouldn't feel flat tered to hear that he resemibles that seedy old Sharp,' said Jason Hadd.. ' Doa't say so before Miss Wilchester. ^She wouldn't like it.' * I don't like the idea of leaving1 Sharp with full possession of the books- and so on; for two or three days, as I am doing,' said' the bailiff, fretfully. ' Of course he's all right,' said the younger Hadd. 'You are fretting yourself about; nothing. We must keep to the business inj hand. We must gain possession of that, paper. Strange the old woman don't comet. When did her train reach Cockburnspath ?' ' Not at all. Didn't I tell you she ?ncent on a slow train to the nearest junction, .and there changed ? I traced her half way'to a station, at which she got, out for refresh-, ments. She is devoted to the Wilchesters, and will not rest until .she has placed that1 paper in their hands. Let us go out on the porch and listen. We may hear the sound of an approaching cab, or see one of the.men, coming to tell me that she is captured. They crossed the hall, and^went out-? on the porch together. Meanwhile, Sir Archy and Rosamond, in the dining-room, -were indulging in vain conjectures as to the cause of the bailiff's TmfiTrnRP.tfif? visit. Neither of them had failed to remark Hadd's nervousness and excitement, and they interpreted his emotion favorably to themselves. Anything that could affect tha bailiff unpleasantly promised good fortune to themselves.. ' Perhaps it's something, about Mark,' sug gested Rosamond. ' He may have discovered that Mark is in England, and at Wilchester in disguise.' ' * it may be so,' returned the baronet. ' I do not quite believe that old Bettineiis the cause of bis anxiety or his journey. 'What can that poor old Woman have stolen from him? His story is incredible. He has some other motive. I do not quite like the look of affairs, Rosamond. We are in an unpleasant position, to say the least. He has his son and those two men under his control. You and I are completely at their, mercy, if he should choose to exert hiB power- There is nothing too bad for him to do. I Wish — I wish—' . He stopped abruptly, asthere came alow tapping at the window pane. ' It is a branch of the rose bush, papa,' said Rosamond. ' The window has not been shuttered.' The low tapping on the glass sounded again. . ' That is a knook made bya human hand,' exclaimed the baronet. ' Who can. it be ? One of Hadd's men f ' Both looked toward the window. At the same moment they beheld a faoe pressed against the glass— 4he wild, white face, framed in cap and hood, of an old woman. ? ? ' '? - ?; ; ???''?'; ': '?'' ?'' -It some poor, houBelesB Qroatnre* papa,' said Rosamond. ' I will let her in.* Bhe moved to the window and opened it, admitting the strange visitor. ^ As the reader has stuaaised, {he new comer ;wa8 old Betfcine. ? * : Father and daughter recognised her in amazement. ?* : '?'''' -:;. :,; .« Bettine 1' ejaculated &e; baronet. ' How .Bettine leaned against the wall, faint andj exhausted, unable to reply. . And at the same instant the '©ailiff asad his son were heard approaching Ahe dining room. (TO BE CONTINTJErjQ 