KVEHIKGS AND MORHINGB THE BUSH. IN Bt "PWJTKTBH." rph e game ol loo goes on—Mrs. Gwyder as the wife o! a Oongregationd mlnlster- Their opinion about the " Virgin Mary —St. Oliver (Cromwell), patron o! the Independents-Mrs. Gwyder M a widow —Is aeoond love the best balm for the grief caused by the death of the first— Mr. Weaterman's^knowledge of Catholic rites- God "unknowable"-God "unthinkable"—Why Mr. Westerman would be a Unitarian-Mrs. Gwyder wants to hear more about the Trinity.] PnEBTTAHTto the lady's intimation that the fate of three sixpences was pending, we looked to our cards. I held the king of trumps, and, aa the play soon showed, Mr. Westerman had the queen, while the knave fell to Mrs. Gwyder. Thus eaoh won a triok, and the stakes were doubled for the next deal. Previous to her last remark about the ghost of Athanaslua it had ooourred to me more than once that, from whatever cause it oame, Mrs. Gwyder had not attained to any great depth or height of faith in the peeullarftiesof those Protestant doctrines into which Mr. Westerman had been endeavouring to initiate her. She had been for ten or eleven years the wife of a Congregational minister of very reepeotable attainments as a soholar. He had been a student at Highbury College during some portion of the presidency of the Reverend Ralph Wardlaw, D.D., Bnd, by his diligent and amiable conduot, had attraoted the favourable and most friendly notioe of that able and eloquent champion of Nonconformity. There may even now be some who spend their prosperous evenings and their industrious mornings in the great Australian bushland who will remember Dr. Wardlaw's lttter» to that once redoubtable champion of Anglo-Irish Church of Englanditm, the Reverend Hugh M'Neil*, *o long of Liverpool In thene letters the Independent stoutly upheld the printipUt of Nonconformists against theprineink* of Evangeliod EstabliBhrnentiBm. Dr. Wardlaw argued from the Radioal ride of Protestantism, while Dr. Hugh M'Neile repelled hie brother- Protestant with the nsual arguments of Aristocratic Protestantism known as Episcopacy. In their eoclesiastiosl polity the "Independents"—that is, the Oongregationaliste—assert that awry tonffr^atim forms a perfect and complete Church in ttaelf, and Ifukp*mUnt on any other congregation. The Catholic Church is, therefore, on congregational principled, an Infinite number of separate congregations Mattered all over the world, with no vialble tie. or bond, or centre of union; eaoh oongregation hanging on Its own hook, beyond the teach of any other congregation. These Independents or Con* gregattonalists date in a loose way from the days of lb. OLJVKB CLOKWBIX, and their politioal tendencies may be estimated by the deeds of that great hero who levied war against monarchy, cat aa judge on King Charles I., sentenced that sovereign to death, out his head off on a acaffold ereoted in Whitehall Yard, put down the reformed and truly scriptural Churoh of England, expelled some thousands of her minister*, abolished the order of bishops, threw the " liturgy" on the dunghills, and forbade its use toe ever. Mm. Gwyder, aa the intelligent, sympathising, and affeotionate wife of a Congregational minister, waa well versed in the history of Nonconformity, bat slnoe her husband's death had had her thoughts directed away from her familiar and her favourite eohool aooompUshmente objects, books, musio, in vogue and when those she was at the Hofryl of her girlhood. The physicians, as they often do, had advised her husband, when at Birkenhead, to "try the air of Australia." He Med it, bnt without benefit to his fading and failing hopes and bedth, and died at St Leonards four months after his arrival. For atone weeks Mm. Gwyder was eo prostrated by the loss oi her 1 moatlo ' i-j'i-ii-- w „.„ r oompaa donate oondolera with her in her bereave' mot, die cesained oompoaure. and a the offer of bar brother,>ho had em early in TK> Ghaawmw RAVOMNUTR, and for nearly three years had performed the duties of housekeeper and mistiest of the Eorttdm tmi Shmnl SUA 8he was vary popular among the servants ot the establishment, although a pereon of tew words when giving directtoea, and waa gently atrict with them in the discharge of their respective offioea. Her position alao brought her in oontMi with a wide olraie of hotel : MU»k, aa 0a AnkHn tmd SIM was natroniaedbythe Agricultural and Hortieulto^ Or«totera\ the bam^wUdi y^wi ffraatiy te^peoted. It etroak me, ; ako, tioei one or two phraaca which aha Laflwssa «t tea, waa not i| '*- ^tta w A and waya ^ Ob-- Mto^irt, aa I «MB dieeovwted, aha VMB aot only art m far aa her i biat Out aba VM pergon of praotioal piety, and found her best consolations in her devotional exerotses. Of the sacramental system, I felt convinced, she was unblistfally destitute of.all apprehension, though her late husband b"" read with her many of the once wellclamoured TRAITS FOB THE Tun, and many oanstio comments upon them in various reviews and msgarinea, in whioh the Catholic system was referred to aa a system of sacramental grace in contradistinction to the Protestant system of justification by faith alone. Strange to say, Mrs. Gwyder had a profound feminine reverence for the ruym Mary, not at all as the Mother of God, or even as the "Mother of the Redeemer," but from some romantic, humanitarian notion that she was a type and a personification of everything that was pure, and generous, ana beautiful, and holy, and matronly in woman. Mrs. Gwyder did not believe that Mary o« Nazareth was the Mother of God. It was, of course, less than nothing to a Congregational minister's wife that a General Counoil of the Catholio Churoh had declared Mary to be 0£oro«»c. Mrs. Gwyder did not pay any regard to a General Counoil, but she revered her husband's memory and his sayings; and her husband had expressed his views about Mary, and with her husband's views Mrs, Gwyder most dutifully agreed. Mr. Westerman's aoquaintanoe with Mm. Gwyder had originated in the oommonplaoe fact that he had his rooms in the Horseshoe Hotel; but somehow the wicked thought sprang up in my evil-thinking head that the aaid Mr. •Westerman, who was six or eeven years younger than the proprietor's sister, was magnetically, or mesmerioally, or witohontftioally allowed oftener than his mere ordinary oooanons would aooount tor to enter the apartments of the hotel reserved as the domeatio retreat of Mr. Owen ap Bees and > his widowed sister. There waa no handle on the outside of the green ball* covered door, whioh opened from the oross-paasage of the hotel into Mr. Rees' tanetortm. This door waa fastened by a mysterious look, to which was attached a spring. By pressing this spring, the green baiie covered door swung open,and entranoe was obtained. Now, this spring look waB pressed upon by Mr. Westerman's thumb so regularly every evening for the laat three montha that the servants of the hotel who had the of the apartment began to look upon the oo-editor of the Groogar JMiy Chmmpion as one of the family, and frequently asked him if he would " tea in his own room or In the picture- room." Moreover, if lam to tell the troth, and the whole truth, another wicked thought foroed its suspicious way into my evil-thinking head. I almost hesitate to open my mind's cage, and allow my surmiae to escape. But then it Is ao troublesome to keep a secret. It-flutters about inside of you. It pent* to get out It is a fin in your boeom. You joannot let it sooroh you. It must break forth. I cannot, therefore, hide it from the world outside the Eormhot tmd Shovti Hotel that from certain symptoms which the experienced aye can diagnose, I arrived at the oonolusion that the younglooking widow waa cheering her solitaryheart with oertain faint and filmy fancies—soul dreams—Sitting cogitations— timid ooquetingaof the pensive imagination— • I i rr_lUlM« to hfi with bright possibilities too impossible to be alarming. Yes, I was persuaded that the pretty, and pious, and piqaante widow, who three years before had all bat died of grief on the coffin of her first husband, was now hovering in ooy xmoonsdousnsss on the indeterminate borderland of being in love with Mr. Westerman. They thought she would have died ot sorrow when Mr. Gwyder was carried to Ma burial. Her anguish was painfnl to behold. Bat that was three yearn ago, and time is a balm for wounded hearts. Sorrow strengthens acme, though it days others. A deep out may disable the buahman's hand for many weeks; but the inoieion gradually doses. The severed tissues reunite, and twelve months after the hand is aa whole, aa strong, as eervioeable aa ever. A soar may mark the spot whioh suffered the injury; but the hand is aa able to wield the axe aa ever. Mrs. Gwyder did not look love if love die tdt She would have disdained such paltry and housemaid vulgarity; bnt through her placid playfulness of manner than gleamed out an almost imperceptible Mortnto, whioh indicated the incipient budding of somehlch, it delicately watched uA i. might bloom into a rich, rewarding flower, which, like *ba antumnal ddOia, would outrival the Wash of snrtng's freeh blossoms. "Nowj" «id Mw.Gwyder, "I grow nervous. While I bad only aixpenoe at stake I oould oontrol my avaricious tendanriea and oalcnlato, bnt now that I have a whole ahiUing in jeopardy, I trembU wi aacred greediness that aaakes me lcogto wto. Pk«C«r," she eaM to me, as I tookup the eardsafweheh»d<mttha«n"giva me winning oardiu" a ik ««Alaa," kk I V>m tt wow mint said to her," yw» must appeal toMr.Weatemanfor audi self-deny tag Renerodtv; I am pitiksa when my own , faitemts are ooscaraed." I looked up from • the osidsl waa dealing as I spoke: acttt, j S ^ S t ^ ^ of h^b^ed! obKTa ^ffS^M^agwM^ palal Mr, and make oat ita aae 'took «p Ua 'oTri^M^, a?he w« betetamed Athaaadaa. Itbowbt ha appeared diMona T o s i M r i M b i jo carted by I %St ba oaly tha gbnaft, — — toawaa - 1 editor to be easily dbooooerted. "Your Church," he said to me, "has had a very hard battle to fight on every side in defenoe of that creed of hers whioh aha attributes to Athanasius. The question whioh I Bhould like to ask is how one bishop at Alexandria, in Egypt, could force his private opinions upon your whole Churoh, and compel her to adopt them as divine truths." " Yon would have cause for wonder," I replied, "If any bishop, not excepting thi Bishop of Rome, oould foree bis private opinions upon the Catholio Church. She receives private opinions from no bishop. What she believes and toaohea as divine troths she has received immediately from God. But what do yon mean by calling the Creed of AthanariuB a creed of the Catholio Church P" "I mean " he answered, "simply what I say. "Well," I arid, "then tell me by what General Counoil of the Churoh it has been adopted, and then, having been ao adopted, by what Pope has it been aooepted and confirmed, and then by that Pope notified to all the faithful aa of ecumenical authority." Mr. Westerman did not answer, and Mrs. Gwyder asked if the aots of a General Counoil required the sanotion of the Pope to make them valid. "Certainly," I said; "and no General Counoil ever formally adopted the Athanaaian Creed, and no Pope ever ratified it aa the official composition of a General Council; and, strictly speaking, it is not a oreed of the Catholio Churoh?' "What!" he exclaimed. " Do yon repudiate the doctrines ot the Athanasian Oreed?" "By no means," I replied, "hut I repudiate your private —that is, your individual—interpretations of that oreed: and I oall on you now to name the General Counoil whioh drew up tho oreed oalled by the name of Athanasius. Was it drawn up at the FIBST GKRXBUI Comraa 0f u. Nioea in — a.d. P Athanasius was peraondly - -•• present * at that General Counoil, and anted aa secretary, or one of the secretaries, to the Council, though he was not then a bishop. He never attended any other General Connoil, nor did any General Coun - dl ever vote it. If any Counoil did, I call upon you to name tt." " It is in history,' he said, " that it was adopted by a Spanlah Synod." " In what year f" I asked. " I do not remember the year," he answered. " That is;" I said, " you are not acquainted with the history of the Ot«ed. Do you know the history of the Nicene Creed which the Catholic Church embodies in the Mass and ainga or says every Bunday and other daya in the solemn worship of Godf Do you know the order of that worship P No. Does the Churoh my or ring the Creed ot Athanadut^n the Mass f You do not know; yet, not knowing, you assume an air of infallible authority and afieot to dedde on what you do not know. Athanasius waa present during the three months' sittings of the Council of Nioea. The Churoh sings or says the oreed then drawn up by the 318 Ushopa who composed the Council. There is another oreed oalled the Oreed of Athanadua. The Church has chosen to recite the former oreed in her ritual adoration of God,- and does not recite the latter. Oan you tell me why the Church usea the one and not the otherP" "I do not profess," said Mr. Westerman, "to be versed in your Catholio oaremonlals." " Yet," I said," you criticise and censure without hesitation. You have ohosen without inquiry to cultivate an antipathy to the Athanasian Creed, tor example. Thia antipathy oame in upon you before reason. What is this but prejudice P You do not know when, or why, or by whom, or where this oreed waa drawn up, or under what sanction; yet you bravely denounce and deny it all the same." Mrs. Gwyder's • - " ** * " v -dbymy make any remark, die interposed, "Now you are all going off into history, and history leads to argument, and no woman oan endure argument I want illustration. The doctrine of the Trinity is the point you began with, and thia is what I should wish to have illustrated, for I supposeit oan't be explained. The creed, I think, says that it cannot be comprehended, does it notf" " Tee," slid Mr. Westerman, "it says that God, aa Trinity in Unity, is incomprehensible, and it He is incomprehensible, how are we to know HimP We cannot know what we cannot comprehend and how many men of reflecting and philosophic minds have contended that God is UmarowiBLK, and, therefore, that all attempts to theorise about;Him, or to offer Him aword&p; or homage that shall beaoeeptable to Him, ta vain. "That," I said, "is one of tha latest theorisings of Mr. Herbert Spenoor. God, he says, is the UmktmomUo, As sirt»i we oannot Ml what, is pit wing or «spleMt«« to Him, and if we ofler Him any worship H maybe a kind of worehipwbieh Hevroold (not like, and therefore we need notofler®® iany worship. From this dootrine « - Herbert " Spenccrithaa " it baa been bee»1urtb« — r that, If God be ttubwwaife, He Ltastbe UmmuMS. We cannot think God.and,^^^^ is no God." my l^C' j-W ^ 'welliSm'tti nhOi h a w laiMimiuw r^T, rti.tti^ , ~ aotti ne Infinite Almighty Creator, <Jo8j hia aooounta for the visible uulvem u 52 ork, and relieves the mind from tbecmh ng weight and strain with wblohthe onedi 0( l» RHUINLLN (HIIIMII N»»TUWU II una • — ——» iw btlmii with the eostaoiea of an unmystlad eUoallsm, ran round the oyoleof discordant gnostiolsms, and at last took up his abodt n a Sodnlanised Mohammedanism."' "B^ nltarianism," said Mr. Westenaaa, «|> ot Mohammedanism. Unitariasism to. V " —.'•"•J l"". M. WHfllVIIIIO. night, for I wanted to bear about JKsi. <aHa«»m, and not about TJnitarianism, aai then you make a Hejira to Meooti and eon. mence a disquisition about Mohammedanlm aa if you intendedlo turn Turks and n«n* no end of wives. If the Trinity in Unity cannot be explained it oan be illustratsd, as tt has been to-night. I plead forfarthet illustration." " But" aaid I, "Mr. Wetterman's reference to Unltarianism affords th« most opportune and striking m<d« oj illustrating that fundamental doomas ot Christianity." 2nd June, 1885. , .1 