THE NOVELIST. TOPSY TURVY. BY AUTHORITY OF "THE FOB TAT," "THE PITY OF IT," ETC, ETC. CHAPTER XI. " Who ever loved that loved not at first sight 1 " It took the best part of an hour to reduce Gloriana's response to the un- intentional tip on her shoulder, to a sober pace. Then the lengthening shadows pointed to the sun-set hour. The long, broad dusty road had lost its white glare, and the scent from the gaily gestured hedgerows, of hawthorn and honey- suckle, and from the fields beyond of meadow sweet and fragrant grasses, filled the air with a dreamy perfume. In the meadows the mowing grass rose strong and thick, and richly green, or gleamed with refreshing coolness amid the massed buttercups like cloth of gold. In parts most exposed to the sun, the crop had been cut, and the young aftermath showed a sickly yellow, fainting for a shower in others the brown tints and the ripen- ing seeds, with here and there a tinge of dull red where the sorrel rose high, marked the course of the scythe for the morrow. Up from the hollow reads the rising slopes were clothed with the young wheat, each stalk tipped like a sceptre. It was nearing seven, and but a few stragglers were seen on the road. Here and there a weary horse cropped the succulent herbage by a ditch, or a donkey stood in the middle of the road patiently flapping his ears and tail at vain is Bus with the flies. The very cottages behind the hedges had an air of idle _ ness, and over the snug farmsteads a a spirit of peace and repose seemed 'brooding. Great elm trees overshadowed the old thatched cattle-sheds and brick-yards, and by one homely cluster of venerable buildings, a \- stream from a descending slope broadened into a wide deep brook, thickly fringed with green flags, bearing erratically, great yellow leaves. Beside the cattle-shed under the elms a dam _ "crossed the water forcing it into a a pond for the cattle and harbourage for the ducks. Now and then a dog would trot leisurely out of the thatch- ed gate at the sound of the horses' feet, make silent scenting, and trot leisurely back, the passers by he saw were not within the range of his duty, which was to keep tramps at bay. At turn of a rising hill the show vicarage of the county, as Judy in- reverently called it, came into view. A quaint proftmly-gabled old house, literally covered with ivy, except on the frontage, which was one gorgeous sheet of Grloire-de-Dijon, the pride of the vicar's wife. The circling wood divided the vicarage from the Roberts' parish church, a venerable structure, whether i of Anglo-Saxon or early Norman architecture, archaeologists could not "^ determine. Before the parsonage, on which the sun smiled all day long, when smile he did a time old garden, centred by a velvet lawn, sloped down to a little over, across whose still breast . beeches arched their topmost branches and whose banks were clothed with a thick gesture of blue forget-me-nots. Nearing the peaceful home of the living and the dead, Judy said softly, the calm evening influence on her spirit j "j do not know any spot where life and death seem so beautifully blended." "To the outward eye Judy." " One would like to sleep there " and she pointed to a mound under two yew trees, whose interlacing branches had been cut into a shroud- ing arch. "No one is ever buried there now " said the Squire halting for a second. " Fifty years ago there was a murder in the village, it couldn't be brought home to the suspected person, a woman. She died in her bed, and was laid there. A year or so after a paper was found in an old desk she had left to her grandson which he had sold. It contained the confession of the murder, so her family took away the head stone, and broke it up, and her grave has remained undisturbed by stranger or kin ever since. But you see, Judy, the sunset's glow lights 5 up the dark arch and the daisies and coltswort are as bright and fresh on the but of beneath, as on that mount beside the east window, where the ^_^saintly Mary MarlwooJ, the Vicar's '"""mother lies." I He maketh his sun to shine on the evil and on the good" whispered Judy. They pursued their homeward way without further speech, but each intent on the day's dying splendours. To the young spirit they spoke of life and hope, filling it with a glad wore ship and yearning for some great thing to do. To the worn and weary spirit they seemed an earnest of that land so full of rest, which eye hath not seen, nor whose deep songs of joy ear hath not heard." When the grey old walls of Egbert Hall came close in sight a trembling star stood out refulgent, and sunset glow bathed the upper windows and tipped the side tender green of the wood. it As they trotted up the drive the ^ Squire said a little meekly. "How did you like your visit Judy ?" " I don't think I ever enjoyed a ride more " she answered blushing and the Squire was satisfied. CHAPTER XII. 'A chief among us taking' notes." By the middle of the week in which Judy had gone with Daisie to Egbert Hall, Mrs. Aviniere was pleasantly lodged in the same house where Mrs. Beau morris had apartments. She had come from quiet respectable Castorham fully purposed to make or mar a plot, and the principal dramatic personal had vanished. But Mrs _Aylmere was of an inquiring mind, is and she set herself to work to collect materials in the event of fresh opportunities occuring for her interposition. To do this it was necessary to become mistress of the situation. She was of rather a timid nature, though persistent, a quality by no means inconsistent with that temperament, she weathered are preferred reaching desired The right of publishing " Topsy Turvy," in the Australian Colonies has been purchased by the proprietor of the West Australian. end by a circuitous route, taking care with a kind of feline instinct to mark points of vantage for escape, and to keep the way clear for retreat if occasion called. The evening of her arrival she spent at the lodge, and there by an inad- vertent remark of Sybella's she gathered that the Major's departure had been sudden, if not mysterious. Ma bella's aspect was however so serene, her answer to the widow's purposely inadvertent question, "if he would return this season " so indifferent in its negative, that a loss ex experienced inquisitor would have been misled. " If " she said to herself, " if their acquaintanceship had not been a little more than ordinary, Mabeila would not have come out so par with that no ' neither would Sybella have watched her face when I asked the question." Then she thought that Sybella turned a slightly inquisitorial eye on herself, and anxious to ward off observation from her concealed purpose she, like the lapwing when her nest is threatened, trailed a wounded wing slowly circling away to lure the in- truder from her treasure. " I heard he was very fascinating," she said, "and I feared for Judy. You see she is a little impressionable, and has made me uneasy in another quarter." The ruse succeeded. " Mr. Hawson " exclaimed Sybella, in the tone of a foregone conclusion. " My dear Mary " this from Mabel is, "it is only self-love. Calf love is a species of vaccination ; it guards you from the vital disease, or if you do take-it, you take it mildly. I never saw a gayer girl than Judy ; she's just as heart-whole as I am." " I think that kind of vaccination very risky," said Sybella, " and very far from effectual. You are very liable when you are well up in years to have a spurious attack of the real thing, and then it is all up with you, for your elasticity is gone and you succumb without a struggle." "What a picture" cried Mrs. Aylmer, perfectly understanding the covert allusions, " but prevention is better than cure you know. Judy may not be fancy-free, but I agree with Mabeila she is heart whole, and I want her to remain so. Is Mr. Rawson still here ?" "Yes, but he leaves next week," said Mabeila. "He called today to tell us of a tempting offer he has had. Some uncle, a London merchant I believe, has written to propose he should stand for Oxminster ; the seat is vacant by death." "Why he hasn't two hundred a year" exclaimed Mrs Aylmore, and no profession." "And no creed" added Sybella, but youth is omniscient, it sur- mounts the impossible by the impossible. Mr. Rawson will charge the wind-mill without even the tradition- ary sword." " His uncle " said Mabeila, " offers him an allowance of five hundred a year, but he makes one proviso, his politics must be ultra liberal." " I know who his uncle is " observed Mrs Aylmere, " he is a city knight, Sir Janiton Tomlinson, a very pretentious man, immensely rich and extremely mean ; a widower with no family, an entirely self-made man. Mr. Rawson is fortunate. Of course he accepts." " No ' of course ' about it " said Mabeila. " The young man is no time- servers. He has written to say that he should wish to take advantage of his uncle's liberality, but that he must stand perfectly on independent principles, pledged to no party." " I suppose " observed Sybella carelessly, " Mr. Rawson like his uncle has no pretension to good blood." " His mother's name was Tomlin- son, but I believe his father comes of a good though decayed family " returned Mrs Aylmere. "Then take my advice and keep Judy out of the way until you see how he gets on. Don't lose sight of him though these are degenerate day's and a city fortune is not to be despised. In this case it may have a high mission "-but what that mission might be Sybella did not say. " Ah yes " sighed Mabeila letting in a little light on her sister's train of thought, "nothing like building up an ancient house for taking the alloy out of money made by trade. But I can't say the name of Rawson strikes me as having the true ring in it." Mrs Aylmere did not pursue the subject. Whatever the name of Raw- son might sound to the Miss Fgberts, to her it had now, and for the first time, a true metallic ring. " I hear " she said, " that the famous beauty, Mrs Beau morris has rooms next to mine. Is she a pleasant person ?" To gentlemen, very said both sisters. "She is an income to Cook, the photographer, in Winsome Street," said Mrs Aylntere. " A mutual benefit " remarked By bell i, " he pays her a royalty. It nature were not so artfully assisted and so liberally adorned, site would hardly pass so well. Her chief beauty £3 her grace, and that you know is the secret of her effective poses. I wonder what keeps he here the London season is just in its height. "I heard " said Mabel's, " that she had no house in town this year, that she would not go into rooms, and that she could not afford a hotel. "Mr Iieaumorris hired a yacht instead, I heard her say something about making up a party for a cruise." "A party, Mabella ! men and a good chef you should say. She openly declares her preference for the society of men. Miss France says. she never goes near a woman unless she wants a blind or a fool. But she has a rival here who is running her close, Mrs Trelawney, a dashing Irish belle, witty and good- humoured, Miss Eber too is much admired so the London beauty hasn't it all her own way in out-of the way little Sandy cot." " Miss Eber ; why you wouldn't name her in the same breath with either Mrs Beaumorris or Mrs Trelawney " cried Mabella warmly. " In the first place she is insignificant, then she has no style and she is an adven- turess." " She is lovely I think " returned Sybella, " and as for the rest one can't be hypercritical in Sandycot. She is a great friend of Mrs Horseman and about suffices for his respectability I think." " Or her notoriety," Mabella spoke viciously for her, " Judy took a great fancy to her. She is quite young and yet she has no look of inner youth, I should say she had come through some great trial." " People with histories are to be avoided." Mabella looked acrimoniously exclusive. " Mrs Horseman may take what liberties she chooses with London society, that can take care of itself, but with small communities like this, where every one knows every one and intimacies are so easily formed, she ought to be very careful who she is responsible for. There is quite enough latitude already. We are constantly meeting people, pleasant enough and very well in their way, but who would be inadmissable into county society- there we make a point of knowing who's who. I know what you are going to say Sybella, that Miss Eber's a Jewess and beyond a pedigree in our sense of the word, but Jews as yet have no independent social status ; they force their way in to society adventurously, by wealth or genius. As a proof of the truth of what I say, name me one family who, like ourselves, or even the Brownlies, and they can only go back a hundred years, take their place anywhere in society as a matter of course, and apart from individual qualifications. My dear it takes three generations to make a gentleman, and the Jews disabilities act has not covered one yet." Sybella named several eminent Jewish names. " Cases in point, my dear, adventitious adventurers every one." OF Mabella ! that is going too far, you can't call the Wrathsbairns adventurers or the Duke of Tancred ! why these people are as much above society as society is above a retired green-grocer." " Sybella, an adventurer does not cease to be an adventurer because he is successful, any more than a usurper ceases to be a usurper because he reigns. The Wrathsbairns are a dynasty now I grant you, but who knows anything of the family apart from the heads, and the heiresses who have married well. Then as for the Duke of Tancred, though I reverence his very name for he is the bulwark of our old institutions, yet I am sure had he been in the purple he would not have had that over-appreciation of rank and circumstances he shews so palpably." Mrs Aylmere smiled to herself, over appreciation of rank," she thought to herself, " sitting in judgment on that as an evidence of alien ship. And these women look down on every one as pariahs who cannot claim descent from some old Norman robber or Saxon poor," but in a middle tone of reconciliation intended for both sisters she said aloud. "I never knew a Jewish family." "You would not be likely," Mabel-' is remarked obtusely, though with no intention of giving pain. " Jews, as I have been trying to prove have only place among the upper circles and the artist and city classes, they are never met with among the middle class gentry, small professionals and people of that kind." " A distinction " retorted Mrs Aylmore blandly " that ought to commend itself to the small professionals ; they escape both successful adventure- ers and old clo' men." " You see " said Sybella in a ban tering tone '' respectability- has its advantages, and extremes are to be avoided." As Mrs Aylmere attended by a page, walked home to her lodgings in Shore Street she felt grateful to the calm moon-light, it soothed her ruffled respectabilities. "It is always the same," she said to herself, "I am never half an hour in their company but they manage to remind me that I am not of their order to keep me in my proper place I suppose. If it weren't for Judy "-at that name the widow's irritation passed away and fair in the soft still air of night there rose soon a stately castle, whereof a bright haired, bright-eyed and to the builder's sight, peerless maiden reigned as chatelaine. The smile that accompanied the coin with which she feared the page on reaching home com- pensated that usually mercenary youth for the smallness of its value. "I never thought the old 'un like Miss Judy before " he said, as he whistled to himself across the sands back to the Lodge. The next morning Miss Aylmere entered her name as a subscriber to the library over which she had her habitation. The bookseller, Mr Times, who was her landlord, she found taciturn, but his wife a gossip of the first water. Mrs Aylmere's voucher having been Miss Egbert, she was treated with deference. The Major's attention to Miss Egbert had been the talk of the place. Many a discussion concerning his intentions and his probable success had been held in that little shop and eagerly caught in by Mrs Time's quick ears. She was sharp and she saw that her new lodger was inclined to be "convertable" as she phrased it, and as she herself was at all times ready to be communicative, a good deal of small talk was interchanged between the two. Both had a certain latent object in their affability. JkrsA\lmere wished to hear if her cousin's flirtation had attracted public notice, also in what estimation Major Tyler was held. Mrs Time, on her part, was curious to know how far the matter had really progressed, and above all what had caused the hand- some Major's sudden departure. The fencing was admirable. Common- places about Saudycot were exchang- ed, a few of the principal visitors, named by Mrs Tims, discussed, and a photograph of Mrs Beaumorri?, " By the sad sea waves" bought by Mrs Aylmere. "You ought to get Miss Aylmer done ma'am " Mrs Timms said " Major Tyler, you have heard of the hand- some Major I suppose, he was a great friend of the Squire." Mrs Aylmere gave a significant nod. Major Tyler wanted her to be taken as a mermaid, so Miss Daisie told me, sitting on a rock and comb- ing her beautiful hair. She is quite the b die of Sandycot ma'am, if I'm not too bold in saying it." Mrs Aylmere smiled as if gratified. " An only daughter is a great anxiety " she said, I think young girls ought to be kept in the back-ground. This public sale of private gentlemen. men's photographs jars on my old fashioned notions. Have you one of Major Tyler ?" Mrs Tims searched her collection " I'm afraid " she said " Miss Egbert got the last. Miss Egbert" and Mrs Aylmere shook her head gravely. " Yes, ma'am. People do say, but Sandycot is such a place for gossip, that the Major was very sweet on her. It doesn't seem likely, does it ma'am, no one seemed to know much about him. Mrs Beaumorris knew him, for I heard where she had danced with him." " Is there any gambling at the club here " Mrs Aylmere asked with apparent in consequence but a meaning glance. Mrs Time was quick ; she nodded confidently. "A deal" she answered, "Well now how strange things do turn up. I always said he wasn't a man to be trusted and I know " another nod " he was sometimes very flush of cash, yet from all I've heard he never once cashed a cheque while he was here. But I'm bound to say he was always very punctual paying everybody, and he didn't look like a sporting get. It must have been cards and cards is the ruination of hundreds. Well, I've known the old family at the Hall since I wasn't the height of that counter, and I'd be main sorry to see any harm come to it. But he'll be a great mass at the Lodge though ; as for Miss Egbert ever thinking of him it's just both." Mrs Time's looked confidently and inquiringly at her customer, but with no satisfactory result. Mrs Aylmere had got more than the worth of the photograph she had bought, but the vendor not one fraction over its value, beyond an ambiguous question, a portentous shake of the head and a significant nod, out of which however she managed to make some not insignificant capital. And now her end accomplished, Mrs Time's customer allowed herself to become suddenly conscious that she was compromising her dignity, if nothing else, by encouraging idle talk. She noticed too 1 the gradually familiar tone into which her landlady was lapsing, and. drew up, she hoped in time, taking care to keep as she mentally expressed it, her instrument well in hand, for future use if needed. So with a look of stiff surprise and the slightest hint of the brows, suggestive of dis- taste, but in a conciliatory voice she said, " You are interested in the old family I know or you would not have named such an absurd report to me, and I am sure you will take every opportunity to contradict it." She then asked her way to the baths and left with a friendly good morning. CHAPTER XIII. " A word spoken in an arrow let fly." Mrs. Jim's eyes followed her affable lodger with a puzzled look, such a look as the crowd in the fable might have had, when it saw the fox disap- pear with the piece of cheese in its mouth. It was past eleven when Mrs. Aylmere reached the baths, which were situated under a sandy knoll on the shore. She had only intended to reconnoitre and perhaps invest, in half-' a-dozen tickets for tepid shower baths, but tempted by a notice that a " Professor of Hydropathy with a trained staff administered Turkish baths in the graduated order of the System as observed in the East she determined to submit her travel tired body to the process. On entering the sweating room, to use its technical appellation, clad solely in a voluminous and' loose flowing robe of unadorned chintz, she found two of the pallets occupied. She chose for here one on the opposite side, and lying down closed her eyes. In a little she heard a rich sweet voice from one of the pallets say "How long have you been here dear Mrs. Beaumorris ?" "Fully- half-an-hour," was the drowsy reply. Half-an-hour good Patience ! I have only been five minutes, and I'm think- ing of ringing." Mrs. Aylmere could see the speakers without turning her head. The beauty board)" appeared to advantage. Her robe was a yellow green, and she was deadly pale art is impossible in the preliminary chamber of a Turkish bath. Her hair had been gathered up by the attendant in- to an uncompromising knot on the top of the head and the long full shrouding garment, hid the contour of her supple figure. She lay in the regulation attitude, prove on her back, an attitude prohibitive of pose, even had there been a provocative opportunity for her favourite artifice, which in the absence of the male ele- ment there was not. Her eyes were closed and the faulty line of the face whose attraction lay in the varying play of its features and its seductive and ever changing expressiveness, showed angular and disillusionised. Mrs. Aylmer could scarcely credit that she looked on the celebrated beauty, Creamy Beau in orris. With natural partiality she pictured her pretty Judy in a similar situation, but wondering at the same time, with a dumb questioning of her own power to discriminate, how Judy could claim a title to even prettiness, if that pallid, heavy-handed. and by no means one featured lace, was considered a model of beauty. " Dont " said Creamy in answer to her impatient companion. " Why." " It is not time, "I don't think they understand the thing. Do you know any one who has tried it here." " Oh, yes, Miss Sybella Egbert re- news her youth here daily, and Major Tyler tried to call back Europe to his visage three times a week-could'rrt afford more. " " Results neither you nor I require " and the lately impatient, speaker raised herself on her elbow and turned her head half round in the direction of the beauty, ready for a good gossip. " The rival beauties " said Mrs Aylmer to herself. " Why Judy wrote me they were always ' sparring' as she called it they seem very good friends. Perhaps as Judy would say, it is because they are au naturel." She then managed to get an inch J served look at Mrs Trelawney. "1 can understand her being a beauty " she thought, " but still she can't hold a candle to Judy, its all the make up, but there really is something to make upon there," and she was right. It was a magnificent form that in its impulsive twists and turns set at nought the regulation attitude so rigorously observed by its rival, and like a voluptuous cat, only half-pleas- ed with its lair, yet too lazy to seek another, trying in every posture of abandon to find the luxurious ease its lithe form and sybarite nature carved. Her hair had rebelled from the knot, and as if in sheer wilfulness streamed in leathery flakes over the head of the valley on to Creainy's feet, down the pink chintz robe which had fallen to her share, and curled in tangles round the chiselled arm, which had thrust itself, in all its naked splendour, from out the flimsy covering. Youth and blooming health lit up the large blue Irish eyes, full of sparkle and tenderness, and tinged the delicate face with the exquisite pink of a sea shell. The lips looked as if they never closed of themselves, but were always on the alert for a merry re- joinder, or sly word blarney. There was perhaps an indication of bone about the cheeks, which might, when the fulness of youth had waned, assert itself a little prominently. The mouth too owed its comeliness to the mobile lips, with their cherry fresh- ness j it was too large for strict beauty, but the teeth were faultless. The nose also might some day curve too sharply. Those were however the unkind possibilities of the future, the present was Catty's, a present of rich and magnificent loveliness. "I think I'll send the Admiral" she said. "I wouldn't " replied Creamy not moving a muscle. " Why." " It might do him good." Only Catty laughed. " Wherever did Major Tyler got his bronzing " she asked, you knew him didn't you ?" " Tens of years ago. He was fair enough then. " Mrs Trelawney's quick ear detected a sigh. " He looks to me like a man with a secret. They say he gambles." "He's throwing for a high stake just now." " Miss Egbert." " Yes." " Will he win." " If Elsie Eber lets him." " I said he had a secret." "A secret ceases to be a secret when known by two." '. I wonder he did'nt go in for that pretty little Judy Aylmere. She is heiress presumptive, is'nt she, to the Egbert principality. But may be the old ladies are keeping her for royal ty." It's a case of now or never. Old ladies are tough. Besides the pretty Judy's provided for, young Rawson's quite gone." " And you here, I fear you've been off duty. I suppose you threw the Major over." As Catty said this she looked keenly for an answer although she could not see all her companion's face. "Beau " her husband, " can't bear him " was the evasive answer." " He says he is a compromising person to know, and if one does touch the border sometimes, one likes to wear good colours." " How could Miss Eber interfere with him." Creamy rang the bell; she was ready for the second process." Listen, you're a woman of the world and can hold your tongue, you'll be here perhaps when I've left, watch things closely. If Miss Eber goes he'll come back. " Do you really think she'll take him." " No fools like old ones." " Well," said the magnificent Catty resuming her horizontal position, and speaking with a light temerity, that had in it the naivete of the ingenue, and haul out of the coquette. " Well if there's one thing that I've always set my face against it is seen ment, and for the matter of that love too-intoxicants both, and destructive to a career. The chemical mixture muddles the brain, and the pure vintage the heart, J vowed myself from the first to total abstinence and so I married the Admiral." " Creamy laughed, as she took the attendant's hand and rose lazily to her feet." I fear you have broken the pledge pretty often she said" I was wiser, I made my head young. " And you limit old." "Ah !" she lay at her full length, her heavily fringed eyes closed, and her hands crossed on her breast, like a saint in effigy, " Ah Belle Creamy, be- ware of Renaissance." Mrs. Aylmer watched from under her lids the belle Creamy glide languidly to the douche-room, her long vapoury gesture gathered just closely enough to her figure to define the grace of her movements. " The very poetry of motion " was her involuntary tribute of admiration. Neither Creamy nor her lively companion had caught more than a mere glimpse of Mrs. Ayhnere's face. That lady at her best had little about her to attract attention, and in her shroud- ing garment, her scanty locks pinned in a knot on the top of her head, she looked merely a middle-aged insignificant female, with nothing to draw more than a passing regard. "No body one knows " had been Creamy's inner comment. " No body that knows us" Catty's, and then both forgot her very existence, nor did occasion occur to remind them of it, as they were not called on to pass her pallet on their exit to the douche-room. CHAPTER XIV. : Och tion for somebody." Honor and shame from no condition rise Act we 1 your part there all the honor lies." When Lord Le Pole left his sister and sought the sombre wood in which to amuse, 912 was experiencing what had seemed to him but a brief hour since an impossibility, a new sensa- tion. He could not understand it Under the II of the broad belt of dense grow t' 2 of stood listening to the faint and falter sounds of Gloriana's springy cantering could distinguish it from the cobs decisively of con- scious of a strange depression, akin to the reaction sometimes experienced after an unwonted ebullition of high spirits. " A pretty little rustic" he said to himself, " Not at all averse to a flirtation" but his heart smote him. " Too natural as yet perhaps to know how to go about it, she'll soon learn." The amendment struck him as a generous. Well what did she choose that song for ! Little coquette ! playing off her " Allans-Dale." What a fool he had been vat could a light nature know of, ol, -pshaw the words were idiotic, beings mingling like water he was sure '* 3 laughed-jokes and kisses were what she understood. Once more, and to intolerable irritation his heart reproached him. Across his vision came that shy soft glance that had met his at the last line of the exquisite song. " Why not I with thine ?" Came too the rich colour, that in the fading light seemed part of the dying splendour of the day. It had bathed her fair young face, had tinged the graceful neck closed in by the jealous collar, nature's tell tale of the modesty and purity within. Why should she not be gay, she was but a child. The world had jaundiced him. Yes she was simple and true as she was lovely. The dark mood was passing away. He strolled on, but beside, not into the wood. She was but eighteen, his father told him so, a little schoolroom fledgling, heiress so his father had said, of that fine old Egbert property. It was expected of him by his family, they spoke of it as a necessity, to marry money, and here was money and family too, in a very agreeable form he must own. How her eyes had sparkled at the sight of the books ; refined tastes evidently. A year of society, London society, and a good dressmaker, and there would be few like her. That shy, gentle, look, so different to the assured ease, the hackneyed countries of the patent beauties of the day. He would train her in needful mannerisms, utter naturalness should be a solecism, but she would be plastic, and learn of him. He had rather liked Lady Irma Er come, a little more than liked perhaps. So had he at various periods of his manage fancied other golden goddesses, only to find them with feet of clay. This little wild-wood fay though he knew it now, had looked herself into his heart. It was a quaint term, he had had it from poor Brace (his valet), who died of consumption the doctors said, hut of a broken heart he knew, jilted by his humble love, who had, he told his master, looked herself into his heart. Then he remembered the child's question, as he peered into her eyes, and he smiled, repeating to himself her answer eyes are like looking glasses sometimes " - he wished that hearts were too. Suddenly, up from the path beneath, had somewhat by a low Kelly came the air whistled soft and flute like of ' Allaii-a-Dale. With a startled look he turned to the direction of the silvery sound, and saw Dicky, the Scotch gardener, whose handsome geranium had but an hour since received its name from the pretty little rustic, the unwitting disturber of the blasé exquisite's thoughts. Her song had awakened memories in the Scotchman's heart, and plodding homewards he sent out the old tune, clear and true, in the quiet twilight. A look half of contempt half of chagrin settled on the young man's slightly heavy brow, as he walked back to the house, quickening his steps to get beyond the sound of the obnoxious air. It seemed so he thought, a mocking answer to his rash wish that one little heart he knew of could be like a looking-glass The last words of the song came back to him, he knew them well. "And she fled to the forest to hear a love-tab." " And the youth it was told by was Allan-a-Dale." " Little coquette " he said to himself, she has begun early, and then he wondered what manner of man this Allan-a-Dale was. There was a stranger at dinner that evening. Mr. Ray mont, Lord Albany's solicitor. His presence was unexpect- ¡ ed by Lord Le Pole, had he - been in- formed by his arrival he v' Old probably have absented hiuiseK^aot from any pursuit in uuj^^uiuii viz on, ever ment, he rather liked him than otherwise, but from inherent distaste of business details, and these he know would be discussed ad nauseam when Lady Margaret had withdrawn. " Le Pole " said his father as the door closed on his daughter's receding skirts, " Mr. Raymont's visit has to do with you exclusively this time. Sir Oscar Pierce is dead. Le Pole passed a decorous moment, slightly elevating his eyebrows as in mild and indifferent surprise and said " Sudden I suppose. I saw him at Ascot on the cup day." Yes, he had a fit of apoplexy while dining at the House, and died before they could take him home. " Ah than Oxminster is vacant." "Yes, an unexceptionable opportunity, Mr. Raymont says, if we man- age well you may walk the course." " My dear father if I am to enter public life I prefer my credentials from a county, my own if feasible. Only imagine canvassing a borough I" Lord fe Pole's refined features looked, as far as their natural impassive news permitted, unutterable disgust. " I should prefer it too" replied his father, but even if chance offered we could not avail ourselves of it. A country election is a costly affair." " And I think," said Mr. Raymont " that we can secure Oxminster for 3500\. Beyond a few speeches you will really have no personal work in the matter, where there is no contest an election is a very commonplace piece of business. Sir Oscar was returned without opposition." " That was because of his local influence. Why in the first place he made the borough, and many say, by his enterprise. He was a genius in his way, nor was his genius 'barron, what it conceived it brought forth.' He saw the advantages t town offered for factories and trader a fine river, and a railway junction, and he bought up every acre of land he could get hold of. Then he built his factories, and now his soap washes, and his patent huckaback dines, millions. After a while he built streets of model cottages for his labourers, and I squares, terraces, and villas for the rising community. But for Sir Oscar Pierce Oxniinster would never have been important enough for a borough. And the wonder of it all was the man was a conservative and a gentleman, i Are you sure Mr. Raymont that the place is conservative. It was not on a political basis that it returned Sir Oscar. It has a very radical newspaper. " My Lord" answered the man of business "if you are in Oxminster the day after tomorrow tomorrow is the funeral, and pledge yourself to hold fast by the colours that have fallen from the dead man's hand, and to make it your pride and earnest endeavour to be always at the front in the cause of civil and religious liberty, and the rights of man, and to drag effe' e and venial monopolies at the chariot wheels of progress, I pledge you my word you will carry the day without a demurrer. The only man you need have feared is Sir Janitor Tomlinson, and he is too old-he is eighty ii he is a day. He is an un- compromising radical, but very crafty. He was an Oxminster boy and made his own way. He is very mean and yet he gave the town its park, its working men's college, its hospital, a conventicle and a church. It would have taken a constituency with sound conservative convictions to have rejected such a benefactor, and political convictions of any case I do not claim for Oxminster. But Sir Janitor is shunted, and the line is clear. You have only to strike the iron while it is hot, and the day is your own. You stand pledged to absolutely no creed, and can follow your bent. So that you have a seat in Parliament it is little matter whether it is for ant obscure borough or a great county, your eventual place is the Upper House, and with that in posse you require no adventitious accompaniment for the commons. If you were a large esta ted Squire's son, or the Squire him self, it would be very different. Then it might be infra dig to represent any constituency but that of your own county, unless you were going in for a political career, and then of course it would be a seat at any price." Lord Le Pole had listened attentively. His face wore a slightly con- temptuous look, expressive of distaste for, not only the proposition itself, but the arguments used to render it acceptable. " I am afraid I must disappoint you, father, ' he said turning to Lord Albany. " I could not speak into Parliament. If I could canvass a constituency it must be on a creed. Generalities are specious lies, I would not pledge myself to any man's colours-chip-trap as the phrase may sound, measures, not men ' is my motto alone." " What can the herd know of politics " said the earl disdainfully. " He is the honest man, the true humanitarian, who, pledged to general principles of civil and religious liberty, draws his own convictions from these principles, and does for the people what he thinks best, not what they think best." j " The people, my lord " returned is the young man quietly,." are no longer sheep to be driven, they must be as on the old days on the ha!'" "f Beth- any they must be led ' 'l> \ must know their leader's voice Strang ger will they not follow." "Leading and driving with a clever shepherd are the same thing. Auto- cracy and democracy are convertible terms" said Mr. Raymont. "You are really making a mountain out of a ghost of a mole-hill. But you are a conservative I presume." "That is just what I am not sure of." J " All the more reason for you to hold by broad principles then, and that is all that is demanded of you, but in any case you are not opposed to the present government." " No, decidedly no." Lord Albany who had turned a stern look on his son, gave a sigh of infinite relief. " Because I believe that all reform to be sound must be slow. Everything that is not ephemeral is slow. Those laws that have helped the development of civilisation, that are actually bound up in the constitution of the country, cannot be changed in a day, without shaking, society to its centre. I believe that the present government representa- true liberality. Conservatism pure and simple is a thing of the past." t To be continued. ). I observe," says a Victorian journalist, " the question of payment of members is occupy- ing a certain share of attention in New South Wales. I have attentively watched the operation of the system here from its commencement, and have no hesitation in saying that the principle, however plausible in theory, does not work well in practice. As you are aware, the Legislative Council renounced it a few years ago, and has risen both in character and in public estimation by so doing. Payment of members brings into the Assembly a class of political adventurers, to whom £300 a year, with a free railway pass available for the whole of Australasia, free stationery, free postage-stamps, and all the ad- vantage-, of a good club, to say nothing of " pickings," is an important consideration. It is not necessary that he should possess either character or ability ; nor will it prejudice him in the eyes of a " popular " constituency, if he has been a signal failure in the walk of life he has previously chosen. Provided he has a glib tongue, poses as a " friend of the people," and is ready to say with the American candidate, " There's my principles, and if they don't soot, I reckon I kin change them," he is pretty secure of finding a seat ; as also of retaining it, so long as he is diligent in acting as a commission agent for the wire-pullers in his constituency ; looking after a cheap sewing machine for Mrs. Dobbs; picking up a line of hardware at auction for Mr. Hobbs ; and making enquiries about a second hand piano for Mrs. Hobbs, while he is also expected to be very attentive to de- putations. In the old days I speak of the days immediately subsequent to 1859-we had no difficulty in procuring suitable candidates for the Legislative Assembly, notwithstanding the late Edward Wilson's often reiterated question, " "Where are the ninety ?" And, I think, no one who compares the Lower House of to-day with the same Chamber of five-and-twenty years ago can fail to be struck with the deterioration it has under- gone. Other causes may have contributed to its decadence, but I am convinced that payment of members has had a good deal to do with it." If you are wasting away with any form of Kidney? Disease, stop tempt- ing Death Austermere. and turn for a cure to a TTflP PITTERS. MM 