THE CONTRIBUTOR. NOTES NOW AND THEN. Bi J. M. A LOCAL OPTION MEETING. Strong convictions are to the world a price less possession, for without them I really cannot conceive how its most important work would be done. It is the people with the strong convictions as to the value of money and the power it gives, that do the most of the trade and manufacture, which ? makes up nine-tenths of this world's life, and on the spiritual side it is to the same energetic class that we owe onr political and religious revolutions, oar persecutors burn ing, and our martyrs being burned, with the same fiery zeal and determination. I pre sume it is from my lack of strong convictions that my career has been so unsuccessful, and that throughout life I have been tor the most part a mere spectator in the drama enacted before me. The numbing question, cui bono f has ever been pre&ent; when I was about to gird np my loins and quit myself valiantly in life's fight, and now, when youth has gone, I am not likely to take up a new rdle and descend from my comfortable seat in the amphitheatre to light with the wild beasts in the arena. And, after all, it u comfortable to sit still and look on. I confess that a world of mere spectators like myself is not thinkable without a shudder, and is only worthy of the one simultaneous, universal act of felo de se, which Hartmann rccommends as the solution of the weary problem of our time. But at present I see little possibility of such a world ever exist ing, for the tendency of things seems to drag every one into the arena, and leave none to occupy the cool benches under the awning. Under the circumstances, therefore, I may be pardoned for submitting to any "convic tions " which would lure me from my retreat to contend below there for the prizes and honours, which are so precious to most men. The zeal of the prophet is venerable to me, and I can sympathise with him when his ? sonl is aflame at the wrong and wickedness ? of men. £ut I confess that my habitual at- I titude is expressed in the ooet's iLjanclion " Fret not like an idle girl, ; Thit life Ls daah'd with flecks of sin. Abide: thy wealth is gather'd in, When Time bath sundered shell from pearL" ( And I can sympathise with the temperance , man when he denounces in his most in- , temperate terms-and it must be confessed : the tefms are generally intemperate-the i licensed victualler and the liquor traffic, j The teetotaller thinks he is on the Bide of < the angels, and considers the publican a son j of Noz and Erebos, and an ally of the j powers of darkness. Bat to me the latter is, after all, a man and a brother, and I think J of him in the tolerant spirit ot Barns's "Ad- < dress to the Deil"- I " But, tare you weel, auld Nickie-bon 1 . Oh, wad ye talc* a thought and men' 1 Y c aiblins might-I dlnna ken- 1 It was of even such a " convictionless," nerve- < less, lymphatic being as myself that Carlyle ' said, in his own grim fashion, that he was 1 created to be "perpetual chairman of the 1 Heaven and Hell Amalgamation Society." < At the local option meeting in one of the 1 suburbs which I attended the other night I Tere were certainly few who merited the jibe 1 of the Chelsea prophet, for the hall was filled J in about equal proportions by staunch tee- ? and by equally staunch publicans J and then allies. The former seemed decent 1 men, and their behaviour "through- ] °"ljl,e was in favourable con- 1 opponents. The chair- 1 man was a mild-spoken man, who. in his i BUte hearts were < good-tempered because "they »««Ua^ go I lUtfli. . -*/??.> :>? +r, O],. j i *iiaf U)i;v i c >a,a (ii) njr ilib.ii t'-.a.ie, un oue fier^'Irish - .vdl'-t-J yai. " J rdhibition, is it' "A-j-e'** '<?* ' Asa another, "In Le!J! nor Hr- ? i A warlike-looking younp teetotaller. i. ; hair rose up as if ho v.as 3lv.-.v-.: ^\\. ghost, l«d the applaud, a»<; <%* ' i "Order, chair," wben the.* v.-a» a;,- oji* ' ruptwtL The big pubik;.n t .« prohibition in "hell, not here,'" resented this, and tried to drag him over a form; bat the p»ir were separated, and the threatened oombat was averted, f noticed {that the one lad/ who was present left at this eariy stage of the proceedings, and I .think she showed sound discretion la retiring. A thin4aced, oscetic-look ilj|g cl^Bmian worthed the - chairman, »liBer^S nill now before Still hie & stake I'm w&e; to think upon yon den, ipoi Et( pu jun ucO| ren for your sake!" pour out a j^lass of water from the bottle be side him, " Koxv, sor, wouldn't ti dhrop ol brandy do ye ptood On the local option ques tion he was discreetness itself, for he said that the principle cut both ways, na in some dis tricts where the number of public-houses was not up to the statutory figure the people could actually, if they wished it, vote for more When he came to the question of compensation, he I seemed to touch that which lay nearest I to the publican heart His words were for some minutes a mere dumb show, I in the storm of cheers and howls and divers | interruptions. One man was heard, nmid j cries of " Shut up " and " Sit down," nsking the speaker "What compensation d'ye tlii'ik, sor, would pay me tor being ruined intoirelyi" and another who demanded from the tee ! totallers around him "What am I to get ior my property ?'"was rewarded with thecheering answer, "Drowned in your beer." During a lull in the tempest the speaker was found still steering with consummate skill, for his words were " I am not in favour of com- j [ pensation, but still we will have to pay it, I suppose, as we have to pay for most other blessings." Finally, as a mark of the tone ! of the meeting, it may be observed that when he alluded to Mr. Gladstone ns a social reformer, a hostile howl arose in_ which | voices could be heard crying, " We don't want him," " Grand old woman," " He's no good." The speech was adroit, and calculated to awaken the minimum of opposition, but it was as uniike the ordinary diatribe of the thorough-going teetotaller before a friendly audience as water is to wine. In those dia I tribes,and inordinary "temperance" literature, I thepublicansareusuallydescribedas"rogues," " selfish poisoners," and " scorpions," who are to be "stamped out" and "ground down." These words and terms were care fully eliminated by the speaker, and his dis cretion was rewarded by a tolerably fair hear ing. But the topics he had introduced, such as prohibition, local option, and compensa tion, awakened bitter memories, and when he sat down Bedlam appeared to be let loose. A brewer's traveller, with a face so intensely purple as to suggest imminent apoplexy, stood on one bench and said, "Mr. Chair man, will you allow me ?" and amid yells and cheers, smiled sweetly and dived below again without waiting for an answer. On an other bench astout man,onlyashade less purple than the other, was seen to gesticulate wildly, was heard to gasp out, " Mr. Chairman," and being butted by some one from behind, was also observed to dive suddenly below. Then a pale little bald man jumped on a form and said, "Is this gentleman aware that Mr. Sturt, the late police magistrate, stated that 75 per cent of the crime of Victoria was com mitted by the children of religious parents ?" No answer being vouchsafed to this rather irre levant query, a local draper rose to second the resolution. The storm lulled for a moment, as several of the noisiest interrupters left the room to adjourn for refreshments, and the chairman appealed for a fair hearing for him by saying, " He's a ratepayer and a working man, like ourselves." In seconding the resolution, he avowed himself, amid cheers, as in favour of compensation. He was followed by a little man in a Ions over coat, who, amid cries of " No water," poured out a glass of that fluid from the common bottle. His beverage was mild, but his words were fiery as he denounced the new bill as a covert attack on the principle of universal suffrage. Although small of Btature, his tones were stentorian, and he bad the meet ing with him when he thundered, " This bill says that the votes of ratepayers only shall be taken. But a man's a man whether he is a ratepayer or not (Cheers.) Every man. woman, and child-(laughter)-when they come to the age of 21-(renewed laughter and cheers)-has as much right as anybody else to vote." He concluded by moving, as an amendment-" This meetiug is of opinion that this bill is against the interests of the community." A big man shambled on to the platform, and blinking at the chairman and the meeting, muttered some inaudible words, and held out his hands as if invoking a blessing on all present He was evidently tipsy, and, being howled at by both publicanB j and teetotallers, he smiled resignedly, and shambled down again. The ultra-pnrple brewers' traveller took his place, and was greeted with cries of " Are yoa & ratepayer ?" He gesticulated and smiled as fatuously as his predecessor, and his only audible words were " second the amendment, gentlemen." He then retired, but only for a time, for on the floor, on a bench, and on the platform, his face was occasionally visible as a publicans' beacon Mid oriflamme. He was followed by a comical man, who spoke in jerks and winks, as if his eyes, and back, and legs were worked by strings. He had a printed paper in his hand, which appeared to be the copy of some Parliamentary bill, and he com menced with the remarkable words, " I'm a native of the colony, and I can prove it, and 1 can defy anybody to say 1 can't prove it I don't get my money .brought home to me every Saturday night like them gentlemen (with a paralytic wink at the platform), but this 'ere bill " He here, amid laughter and groans, fumbled over the leaves, and quoting something about " if any employer, journeyman, or labourer," con cluded with the demand " Now, why can't I get my money?" He blinked and winked for a moment, and getting no reply but howls and laughter, subsided like his predecessors. Even while the jerky man was speaking a little pale-faced Jew bounced upon the platform, and entered upon an ap parently fierce and unfriendly colloquy with the mild chairman. The little man had fierce black eyes, and a clear metallic voice, but his chief characteristic was a lead-pencil Sometimes it was in his mouth, sometimes behind bis ear, and at other times be was beating time with it triumphantly on the fore-finger of hiB left hand, as be hissed some unanswerable argument at his much tried auditor. When the jerky man retired the chairman put it to the meeting whether the man with the pencil should be heard, -:>n* tie decided, upon a show of hands. 3:.» was not a ratepayer, and ah.-aid r t, therefore^ be heard. But till the '.ad o' :h. proceedings the little pale-faced man. :.!?<metallic voice, and his lead .. unted the chairman and the ver, evermore." He stood beside ith . Ionian sometimes without speaking, ? s "-nt implacable Erinnys, but some f i w.-'= he would stride to the edge of the plat iorrn and say, " I don't care tuppence for the motion, but as a citizen In a public meeting I demand-Whathe demanded, and why he did notcare "tuppence," was never discovered, lor themeetingaf ways howled him down when be demanded: but he had his revenge. He never deserted the patient chairman, and just neiore the gas was turned down, when all was over, I saw him, with the old triumphant motion, clenchingsomethingunanswerable by beating the pencil on the left band index finger at the ear of that much-tried individual. ? A quiet Scotchman next addressed flue meeting in support of the amendment His' voice had a soothing effect, itodche was listened to quietly whUe tA }|Lrtuled his reasons against wnat ha con. «Aanf. fSnlrA»Sni» wMi +lta If* was the only sensible speaker on the side of the publicans. As the time wore on the meeting Srej* more noisy and more intolerant ol argument. In the passage the fresh voices ol a Rins choral class upstairs might be heard in strange dissonance with the din in the r<>om. The chairman tut the amendment lust, which found few supporters, but when lie submitted the original motion, publicans anu teetotallers voted for it almost unanimously. He was about to doc) a re the original motion carried when the purple brewers' traveller made one of his periodic re-appearances, a.n<1 forced hint to put the amendment again. This part of the proceedings was therefore commenced de voco, and as the drink supporters were now aware how to vote, the amendment appeared to be carried, amid what the papers term " dicers and con fusion." An excited publican demanded ol the chairman " Which is carried," and the repiy,80 far as I beard, was " neither," but as the report of the proceedings in a temperance journal declared the original resolution carried, I am prepared to confess that my ears might have been untrustworthy wit nesses. The resolution, which so far as I heard was not carried, was followed by the customary motion, " That a'petition embody ing the above resolution be Binned by the chairman on behalf of this meeting, and for warded to the members for the district for presentation to the Legislative Assembly." What the speakers said for and against this motion, I confess I am not in a position to say, as the confusion became " worse con founded." There was a wild phantasmagoria presented to me, in which the little bald headed man. who turned out to be an ad vanced freethinker, and a pale faced youth, who in clear, ringing tones denounced him as " tile man who has come all the way from Boston to tell us that we don't want local option," appeared as if to join in mortal combat, but, as usual, they were prevented. They were followed by a tall, bluff clergy man, who appeared to say something kinuly and humorous, for those around him laughed heartily. The chairman declared the second motion carried, and the proceedings closed. But, before the gas was turned down, the last tableau I saw was the implacable little Jew and bis pencil and the long-suttering chair man atguing the old mysterious point in the old incoherent way. The proceedings described above tend to make one doubtful as to the value of public meetings, where much difference of opinion exists. But to me they appear to inculcate to the intemperate temperance people less of what Carlyle calls " short vision and head long extensive dogmatism." In Longfellow's "<iolden Legend," Lucifer, as he disappears, says to Prince Henry " Drink ! drink ! And thy^eou! shall sink Down into the dark abyss, Into the infinite abyss, From which no plummet nor rope Ever drew up the silver sand of hone." The working classses, better housed, and fed, ahd clad in this country than in the old European motherlands, are more and more inclined to agree with the opinion of Lucifer; and if social reformers could only teach them how to employ their abuntdant leisure »hours profitably, the intemperate temperate people and the intemperate pub licans could be left to carry on a beneficial war of extermination. 