?--'' r-T~~' ? "J. ' Parliament in Session. Tuesday, theBixth and concluding session of the eleventh Parliament of New South Wales was opened by the proclamation being read at noon in both Houses. About a quarter-past 12 the Governor arrived in state at the Legislative Council chamber ; and when the members of the Assembly had attended in pursuance of the Bummons of Black Bod, his Ex- cellency read the following speech . HONORABLE GENTLEMEN OF THE IJEOIBLATIVB COUNCIL, AND GENTLEMEN OP THE LEGISLATIV- ASSEMBLY, I have called von together at a period that it is presumed will cause you aie leaßt personal inconvenience in the dia charee of your publio duties, for the purpose of making the necessary provision for the public service, and of inviting vou to deal, before the close of the vear and of the exist- ence of this Parliament, with at least two questions of nrimaxv interest and importance. 2\. Since the period when yon were summoned to give Parliamentary sanction to the action of my Ministers in the despatch of a Contingent of Australian troops to assist the Imperial army in Egypt, our forces, having dis- charged the duties which they were required to undertake, to the entire satisfaction of the Imperial military authorities, have returned to the oolony. They have, by their service and conduct, earned the gratitude of the Sovereign and of her people, and strengthened the ties by which the various parts of our Empire are bound together. 8\. As within a brief space after their departure appre- hensions were entertained as to the maintenance of peace iu Europe, immediate steps were taken to place our system of defence in as thorough a Btate of efficiency as possible. With this object a system of torpedo defence has been established; and, in addition thereto, the artillery forces, both of a permanent and voluntary character, have been considerably increased, and our local naval volunteers largely augmented. 4, A large increase of the military forces of the colony, due both to the spirit evoked hy the dispatch of the Con- tingent and the 2)ossibility of war, has taken plaoe. 5, The works in connection with the Sydney water supply are being vigorously pressed on. But the Government, fearing a continuance of tho dry seasons which have re- cently prevailed, entered into an agreement for providing a more immédiate supplementary supply to augment that from Botany, and the work is now in hand and well ad- vanced. The waterworks for some of the country towns are also progressing. The important works in connection with tanks and wells in the interior have been, owing to the un- favorable season, carried out under the most disadvan- tageous circumstances, but works have been undertaken and are now being proceeded with by means* of which storage will be provided for an increased supply of 320.000.000 gallons. 6\. The Boyal commission appointed in May of last year for the purpose of making inquiry as to the best method of water conservation and distribution has pursued its im- portant labors almost without intermission from that period- and the results of its investigations will shortly be in the possession of the country, and form the basis of some large moasure framed for the purpose of securing the objects which were contemplated by the appointment of the commission. 7\. Of the Sydney sewerage .works the main outlet for the southern sewage has been finished, and on'the completion of the syphon across Cook's Eiver, now in course of con- struction, will be brought into immediate operation. 8\. The Government have taken advantage of thepresenoe in these colonies of the eminent engineer Sir John Coode, to invite him to inspect some of the harbor works which are being carried out on the coast. A design for an exten- sive system of wharfage for Sydney is being prepared, and will in due course be submitted for the consideration of Parliament. 9\. Since the close of the last general session in Novem- ber, 1884, the work of railway construction has been prose*, cnted with vigor. Extensions have been opened to Bun- gendore, to Young, and to Bourke. The flrst-named is a part of the extension that is to terminate at Cooma, the principal town of the Monaro table-land., The second, to Young, is a section of the railway that is to connect the southern and western systems, and so admit of the tramo of the northern and western districts passing toj'the south without the neoessifcy of its being brought round to Sydney. And the third, to the important town of Bourke, which practically marks the present limit of the Great Western Railway, which now unites the metropolitan seaport with the river Darling. At the present time there are 1704 miles of rail- way open, and 433 miles in course of construction. Active progress is being made with the surveys of new lines for which provision was mado during the last session, amongst them the extension of the railway into the oity. The plans for thiB line will be submitted for Parliamentary approval dunntr the session. io. The late disastrous seasons have prejudicially affected tho revenue derived from the railways; but notwith- standing this, the direct returns hovo been fully equal to the amount required to pay interest upon the capital invested, while the indirect benefit which the railways have conferred upon the general community, in developing the resouroes of the country, is far in excess of any such consideration, and is indeed incalculable. '< GENTLEMEN OP THE LEGISLATIVE ABBEMBLT,-' 11, The Estimates of public expenditure, prepared with .a due regard to economy and efficiency in the publio service, will be laid before you as early as possible. . HONORABLE GENTLEMEN OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL, AND GENTLEMEN OP THE LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY, 12\. The public income of the first eight months of the present year largely exceeds that of the corresponding period of 1884. The five and a half million loan, the negotiation of which was postponed in July laBt, owing to a reported panic on the Stock Exchange, will he placed upon the London money market at a favorable opportunity. IS. The onerous duty of perfecting arrangements tobring into operation the Crown Landys Act of 1881 has been suc- cessfully discharged. The local land boards are perform- ing their functions of administration with satisfaction to the publio, and^ the division of pastoral holdings, which was found to present difficulties greater than were at first anticipated, has, with a few exceptions, been accomplished. The land revenue for the cur- rent year will fail to realise the 'expectations which were formed as to its amount. This disappointment is at- tributable to the necessity for delaying, in the public in- terest, the immediate operation of the Act, and to the impossibility o' perfecting in time essential arrangements for the appraisement of the rental of 32C0 different hold- ings. The increased revenue to be derived from pastoral leases must therefore be regarded as deferred to the ooming year. 14\. The work of primary eduoation is being carried on with vigor ana success. Ninety new Bchools have been opened to June £0, and the number of pupils m attendance at that date was 148,000. Further efforts have recently been made to extend the teaching of the principles of physiology and hygiene in the public schools j and, in addi- tion to the ordinary school teaching of these subjects, a course of lectures hy a qualified gentleman is being deli livered to the teachers and students in training. The pro- vision made for higher education in the metropolis is being largely and successfully availed of, and there are signs of in- creased prosperity in high schools established in inland towns. 15\. It is o, matter of congratulation that the country has n^.t£Zi £ t2tbeK the Wvuy to ifs general prosperity EÄSuJ*^ *?"*««» droughts through whioh it ««* SA Wlth0a* example. The losses immediately ana indirectly consequent upon a rainfall which for the J»T JS?0ny wal8°Per cent, below the average, and in SwSJ«? S muoh more« haTe materially iniured trade, limited the opprations of capital and enterprise, and pro porbonately affected the publio revenue. »Tifl +^n+?freement» subject to the approval of Parliament Wi«"T,-e C0Pcurrence of the Imperial Government, Waff vS£71TOdlÍt5etw¿en *»"» col°nies of New SoutS BAS^wViB80^ Australia for the initiation of the eriÄT ^Ä1!*06 on the termination in 1888 of öS SîSSî*! «m*»«t lietween the colony of Viotoria and th« £2T?K "P 0rf"»*nl Company, on the principlesTof Com£nlent confcract between this colony ana the Orient 2SïAfi1.îfraa,g8Tlmt xhas ï?°n m^e for the continu Invitad In no +°r Seirvicf ' *? which your approval will he contrac't. e lfc oofcerminous with ïhe Victorian Trnïwi8#A,Wi1uia0r*t5re consideration of my advisers KbridW, winy °f. Ne-W.Souül Wales Bhoald continue ^m«î2îninîlBÏFnco),etw8e,lSydlMV a»0 S«1 Fran itlshoueatÄiIiatlo\of Represent arrangement, and vuway wm ce enabled to keep up regular eommuuioà ta- tton with the vast continent of America at a reasonable cost, 18\. There ia every reason to hope that nepotiationB DOW pending will result in a reduction of the charges for tele- graphic messages transmitted between Australia and Europe, and also between Australia and Kew Zealand. 19\. With the conviotion that the Eederal Council Bill, recently passed hy the Imperial Legislature, would not have proved, in the form in which it was submitted, acceptable to the people of this colony, my advisers did not join in supporting that measure. The nature of the amendments which, to secure co- operation, it would have been necessary to make in the Bill, were communicated to the Secretary of State for the Colonies. Had the sugges- tions proposed by my advisers been accepted, a compromise might have been effects d, hy means of which both this colony and that of New Zealand might have been included in the Council. 20\. Measures will be at once submitted to you for the division of the colony into self-governing areas, and,for the establishment of a system of local government, and also fox dealing in the fullest manner with the whole question of the regulation of the public health. These bills, which have Deen the subject of long and anxious considération, whioh have been urgently called for by the whole commu- nity for years past, and which are of incalculable public importance, will, it is to be hoped, enlist your hearty sym- pathy and support. 21\. Measures will also be submitted to you for amending the law of patents, for preventing mining under publio streets and roads, and for regulating the opening of publio roads. 22\. The mining interest, generally, is favorably pro- gressing, notwithstanding the recent temporary depression in tin and copper mining, due to the low price of tnese metals in the nome market. The recent discoveries of silver ore in various parts of the country are leading to the settlement of population in portions of the colony hitherto occupied only for pastoral purposes, and from the rising silver settlements in the Barrier Sanges a considerable increase of revenue may bo expected. 23\. In commending these matters to your careful con- sideration, I am gratified to be able to congratulate you on the continued prosperity of the colony, notwithstanding the trials to which it has been subjected by the protracted droughts 5 and I humbly, pray that, with the blessing of Almighty God, the labors which you are about to under- take may bo fruitful of immediate and permanent advan- tage to the country. The ceremonial in connootionwith the opening waa of the usual character, and at ita conclusion both Houses adjourned until the usual hour in the after- noon. COUNCIL. The new members appointed, viz., Dr. 0. K. Mao kellar, Dr. J. M. Creed, Messrs. W. A. Long, W. Halliday, S. Charles, H. Moses, A. Dodds, and John Lackey, were introduced at noon and took the oaths. The seat of the Hon. S. A. Joseph was deolared vacant, that gentleman havinsr been absent for two sessions without leave, and a message was received from the Governor stating that leave of absence for a year had been granted to the Hon. B. P. Abbott. At the evening sitting the Governor's speech was taken into consideration, and the addresa in reply was moved by the Hon. Dr. Mackellar and seconded by the Hon. Dr. Creed. Both gentlemen, as is the rule on occasions when there is a friendly disposition shown, ran over the items in the speeoh. in a general manner, and, as might be expeoted from medical men, brought into chief prominenoe the value of the proposed Publio Health Bill. Mr. King was the only other Bpeaker, and he only I pointed out that the services of Admiral Tryon had not been specially mentioned. He also elicited the faot that the bill sent in to the Imperial Govern- ment, for the equipment as cruisers, during the war scare, of the Maasilia and Lusitania, amounted to over -8100,000. The address was then agreed to, and the Council adjourned to the following afternoon. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBEB 9. The Address in Reply having been presented to the Governor, the Council proceeded with the business of the session. Mr. Dalley stated that since the Soudan affair, eighty-two offers for the formation of local oorps of volunteers had been received, of whioh forty-three were accepted, The corps mentioned were :-Sydnoy Lancers, Balmain Artillery, St. Leonards Artillery, Botany Artillery, Braidwood Infantry, Murrurundi Infantry, Albury Infantry, Mittagong Infantry, Young Infantry, Campbelltown Infantry, Forbes Infantry, Hunter's Hil* Infantry, Dapto Light Horse, Burrawang Infantry, Hay In- fantry, Inverell Infantry, West Camden Light Horse, Moruya Infantry, Nowra Infantry, bungendore In- fantry, Tenterfield Infantry, Bega infantry, Armidale Infantry, Glen Innes Infantry, Tai ee Infantry, Cowra Infantry, Uralla Infantry, Camden Infantry, West Maitland Light HorBe, Camden Light Horse, Narran- dera Infantry, Grafton Infantry, Ulmarra Light Horse, Ashfield Infantry, Bowral Infantry, Picton Infantry, Burwood Infantry, Araluen Infantry, Quirindi Infantry, Marrickville Infantry, Newtown Infantry, and Robertson Infantry. Farther, he said that up to August 31, ¿24,784,315 had been received out of the estimated ordinary revenue for the year of ¿88,485,250. After the appointment of the usual sessional committees, HOW THE MONEY GOES. Mr. Piddington moved for a return showing the revenue and expenditure on the Consolidated Reve- nue account from January 5, 1883, up to the end of last quarter His object was to show that we were greatly outrunning the constable, and had a defi- ciency now actually of three millions, for whatever might be shown by bookkeeping there was no cash to represent this sum. Mr. Dalley had no objection to furnishing the return, although it would be merely an abstract of the statements published quarterly in the GAZETTE J and he twitted Mr. Piddington with not having in support of this peouliar financial hobby of his moved on the first day of the sittings. The idea of what that gentleman would do was the ghost that had haunted Mr. Dalley at all his banquets during reoess. No useful discussion on the informa- tion even, even when it was supplied, could take place, and the return might as well have inolnded the transactions of former Governments. But Mr. Dalley dispelled one erroneous notion-that the recent five and-a-half million loan had been withdrawn from the London market. In fact, it has nevor been put on the market at all ; its floating was simply postponed, the reasons for whioh have to be explained by the Agent-General. Mr. Webb and Mr. A. Campbell both deprecated the dismal tone assumed by Mr. Piddington, and suggested with unconscious irony that it might have the effect of damaging the credit of the oolony. So the motion was oarried, as were two other financial motions of the hon. gentle- man, who was thon elected Chairman of Committees I for the session. j A PUBLIC HEALTH BILL was then introduced by Mr. Dalley, and read a first ' time. The object of introduoing the measure in the Council -was that members might have some- thing to do j but there aro grave doubts whether, ' as it deals to some extent with publio expenditure, it ought not to have been originated in the Assembly. All that oan ad- mittedly be done with it in the Council is to disouss its general provisions which relate to the important question of quarantine, of tho prevention of epi- demic diseases, of the protection of infant life, of the regulation of common lodging houses, of the regula- tion and inspection of dairies, of the adulteration of food, of noxious and offensive trades, of publio baths and washhouses, of nuisances generally, leaving J f other matters involving financo alone. How tbli is to be done is a matter whioh Mr. Dailey promises to consider. Meantime the bill will be printed in such a way as to show what parts the Council mayor may not touch. The House then adjourned until Wednes- day next. ASSEMBLY. NEW MEMBEBS. Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. I. E. Ives, the newly eleoted members for Argyle and St. Leonards re- spectively, took the oaths and their seats ; the latter eroing to the Government benches, and the former, of course, to the Opposition side. Mr. Lackey's seat was declared vacant by his -nomination to the Council. After hearing the Governor's speech, the House adjourned till the afternoon. Various papers, the accumulation of the recess, were laid on the table by Ministers, and the air was thick for some time with notices of motion and of questions when the House re-assembled. There was a tolerably strong muster of members on both sides, the Government benches being, however, best filled. LEADEB FOB THE OPPOSITION. I An Opposition cauous was held during the forenoon to decide upon a lieutenant during the absence through illness of the leader, Sir John Robertson. Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Wisdom both declined the position, and ultimately Mr. Burns consented to act, and took the seat accordingly. It was also arranged that he should move an amendment upon the address in reply, which would be tantamount to a vote of censure on Ministors. SIB HENEY IN HOT WATEB, However, Mr. Burns got no opportunity of doing anything of the kind this evening, for at the earliest possible moment Sir Alexander Stuart rose on a ques-, tion of privilege. And the point was to draw attention to the letter written by Sir Henry Parkes to his constituents, when he resigned his seat for Tenterfield, in November last. In the letter occurred these objectionable words :-" I have seen immense sums of publio money voted away by private pressure and bargaining, in the face of the openly avowed convictions of members BO pliantly yielding up their conscience." These, it waa contended, implied a charge that wholesale corruption waa existing amongst members, and it was for the House to consider what steps it would take to vindicate its honor. The letter having been read by.the clerk, Sir Henry Parkes rose, admitted having used the words, and refused to re- tract or qualify them : but explained that they were not intended as a stricture upon the Assembly as a body, but" only upon a certain section of it. There- upon Sir A. Stuart declared that this sort of admis- sion only made matters worse, and moved that the statement contained in the letter was " a gross libel on this House»'' Sir H, Parkes at once left the cham- ber, and then commonoed a long and aorimonious debate, whioh lasted for some six hours, and of which it may Baf ely be said that not a dozen sentenoes were of the slightest interest or impor- tance to the country. The Opposition led off with Mr. Wisdom, who denounced the motion aB ridicu- lous, and really intended to gag people in and out of doors. Thon Mr. Levien commended the Govern- ment and denounced the other side. Mr. Badgery wanted furthor information, and Mr. Buchanan en- deavored to direct attention to himself by using the strongest vituDerative words at hand. Thev had no effect, however, beyond producing the accustomed laugh; and Mr. E. A. Baker commenced to give a history of his connection with the Milburn Creek affair j whioh, at last, the Speaker had to point out had no connection with this ques- tion. After swaying abont in this way the debate waa directed to a point by Mr. Purves, who started the Grafton and Glen Innes railway matter. This brought up the subject of railways generally, and railways suggested log- rolling, and - log-rolling meant corruption,- and everybody else but the particular speaker had log-rolled, but not corruptly-the corruption was wholly at- tributable to the Government, who had promised railroads everywhere, in order to secure votes. How- ever, " log-roliing" is a very good word, and answered an admirable purpose here, for members by degrees talked themselves into the belief that Sir Henry Parkes meant nothing but "log-rolling," and log- rolling is human nature. In this comfortable assurance the House divided at midnight, 31 voting for the motion and 27 against. Out of such a result nothing farther could come, and Ministers were satisfied with placing the resolution upon the records of the Assembly, notwithstanding Mr. Wisdom's taunts to carry the matter further. Sir Henry Parkes returned to the chamber and told the House that their last act was their crowning folly, and that j "HE SNAPPED HIS ÏTNGEBS AT THE WHOLE CABOODLE." But as he seemed desirous to have a final deoision, Mr. Copeland obliged him by moving, pro forma, that he be expelled, which was negatived by twenty-five to two, and BO the first day'B proceedings termi- nated. IN THE ASSEMBLY, WEDNESDAY. After what may be termed the preliminary canter of the preceding day, the House settled down to con- sider the address in reply, whioh contains an assur- ance that the various measures promised will receive most anxious and earnest consideration. In order to show how sincere this promise is, the Opposition propose adding a censure upon Ministers for not having given them an earlier oppor- tunity of discussing them-in other words, the business of the session commences with an attompt to oust the Ministry, and the motion in question was couched in similar terms to those by which Mr. Stuart overthrew the Parkes-Robertson Administration."' THE MOVEB AND SECONDER, Mr. Ives and Mr. See respectively, moved and Beoonded the _ addresB in reply in good sensible speeches, oonsisa ing, as usual in suoh cases, of a run- ning comment in favorable terms on the speech it- self. LEADING THE OPPOSITION. Mr. Burns rose to move the amendment referred to. He frankly admitted at the outset that he did not expect that it would beJ carried; but it would serve, at least, as a protest against important legislation, such as the Local Go- vernment Bill, being brought forward when there was really not sufficient time to give it needful con- sideration. Therefore he thinks all that can or ought to be done this "session is to attend to matters of finance. Although he does not take a gloomy view he fears that through reckless extravaganoe the Government have allowed the publio revenne to drift far behind the expenditure, and not only so, but the revenue from land and railways is not nearly what it ought to be, or was expected, and fur- ther, we were paying too high for the floating of our loans in England. Mr. Burns made a temperate speech, so much so, that it could scaroely be con- sidered in the nature of hostile criticism. He dealt much in generalities, probably knowing full well that details would be amply supplied by more violent members of the Opposition, nor was he far wrong, for Messrs. Abigail and Buchanan followed ; the form« travelling all round the compass and the latter attack- ing with oratorical great guns, which would haye dono immense damage* had they been loaded with anything1 but blank cartridge. According to Mr. Abigail, tha Government have not done a single thing that ist right, or if they have attempted one they have done it wrongly ; and Mr. Buchanan only gave them credit for hanging the man Johns. Mr. Heydon spoke well and earnestly. His principal 'sub jeot was the Land Aot, whioh he considers to bo .' the causo of all existing evilB in the country. Of course he condemned it severely, as he always! . does, although it was not very olear what connection ' there was between that subject and the motion before the House. The other topio on which he disapprovedf of the Government waa their action as to the Federal Council, by which, as he considered, this colony would be cut out of the union. On these grounds ho spoke as a fair oppositionist. The only Government member who spoke during the evening was Mr. Triokett, who rose immediately after Mr. Burns, and who appealed to members to abandon fruitless discussion on a motion whioh admittedly could not be carried, and to devote themselves to the considera- tion of the publio business before thom. After Mr. Heydon's speech, the debate was adjourned until the next evening. THTTBSDAY, SEPTEMBEB 10. MR. BUCHANAN A1TTEB THE WATER COMMISSION. The Premier having informed Mr. Buohanan that member« on the Water Commission were paid £2 2a per day (except members of Parliament, poor fellowB Ï who received nothing), and further, that J3260O had been already absorbed in the expenses of the commis- sion, Mr. Buchanan moved, "That Messrs. Murray, r , Lyne, and Targett, being members of this House,- * and also members of the commission, had accepted offices of profit under the Crown, and 'there- / fore their cases should be referred to the- < Elootions and Qualifications Committee." Mr. Abbott explained that they had not received a penny, and that such a matter could not be enter- *? tamed, upon the mere statement of Mr. Buohanan, without any proof. Mr. Proctor supported the member for Mudgee ; hut when tho division took place Mr. Buchanan was left alone in the attitude of patience on a benoh. THE CONTINGENT.-LEASES, RAILWAYS, &0. In answer to a question, it waB stated that the ' cost of the Contingent to the Soudan would be > covered by ¿8115,000; that leases for pastoral and farm lands contain a oovenant whereby Government can resume any part or the whole of the land,for/ gold or other mining purposes; if it is so resumed it must be offered at auction, and passed twice before it can be disposed of for any purpose ; that the total amount for the North Shore wire tram« ' way is ¿835,500 ; that 221 applications for oyster cul- ture leases have been received, most of which have been granted ; that trial Burveys for the North Coast Railway aro not completed, and no route has yet been decided upon ; that the plans for the Newcastle and Plattsburg tramway are ready, and tenders will be invited as soon as authority can be obtained for run- ning the trams over the Co- operative Co.'s railway line ; that if time will permit, a bill will be introduced to deal with the said drift nuisance at Newcastle ; that i tenders and designs for the Hawkesbury Bridge have i been submitted to Mr. Fowler, consulting engineer, i in England, and will bo submitted here to the ongi- > neer-in-ohief for report ; that tho railway accounts , aro verified by the Auditor-General j that inquiry , will be made as to establishing farmers' excursion ' trains between distant distriots and Sydney j ! and that the petition from vignerons at Corowa > as to the Victorian reductions on the importation of . vines and grapes has,not been received, but the ! matter has reoeived attention, and the director of j;, < tho Botanic Gardens has been ordered to report upon the subject. DEBATE ON THE ADDBESS was then resumed by Mr. Wilkinson, who delivered a long and able address on the subject of intercolonial federation, disapproving-of the bill and thereby supporting the action of 'the Government. Mr. Burdekin followed on the other side, arguing that ' time was all too short for the important work, ' before the House, unless it was bungled and rushed * in a similar manner to the measures of last session, - inoluding the Land Act. He believed that the Go-T vernment had boen in offioo long enough, and that the country had no confidence in them or in the Par- liament. There should now be an end of them. Mr. Young also went in tor general condemnation oil Ministers in regard to everything that they had undertaken, including land, water, and finance. Then we adjourned for tea. - «i , On re-assembling, Mr. Gould resumed the debate, ' fairly criticising the whole of the polioy (of thei Ministry, not from personal points of' view,? but upon its general bearing on the welfare ol the colony. Mr. Clarke, though he supported the Government generally, admitted . that it * would be perfectly impossible to carry the Local Government Bill through Parliament this session, though he would do his utmost to carry the Publio Health Bill. He contended for a fair trial of the Land Act, and allegedethat the late Government, were more chargeable with corruption than the pre- " sent. THE SENSATION OE THE EVENING came when Sir Henry Parkes rose at ten minute* s ? to 9, and ^was received with general oheers from those who expected a strong Opposition speech, , as well as from those who knew there would be some ' fun. He commenced with a throw at Mr. Gould, and ' then made an appeal to consideration on account of ' his old age, following up with a very bitter and' vigorous personal onslaught on Mr. Trickett, whioh . he carried so far as completely to defeat its object. Next he went on to attaok the Soudan expedition,_and at great length proceeded, to show why it was in his opinion a great mistake. It was needless, and it was forced upon the Imperial Government. In sending the telegram of assistance, and in his dispatches, the Governor grossly violated his position of neutrality. He specially denounced the dispatch in which His Exoellenoy described the opposition, led by Sir Henry Parkes, to the Soudan contingent as insignificant^ Ho maintained that Lord Loftus was the most insignificant individual in New South Wales. [An assertion received with loud applauBe.] He was unfit to be the Governor of a great colony. The Government, Sir Henry said, were an administration of expeditions, squandering money in special trains for these excursions. The ejaculation by Mr. Abbott that the hon. member waa was himself in debt to the railway department brought this partof the argument to a close. The hon. member then went on to refer to the Land Aot in dis- paraging terms.a It was not beneficial to the pastoral tenants, and injurious to settlement. He then carno to the real charge against the Government, which was the delay in calling Parliament together until it was too late to consider publio business properly. ( Parliament ought not to be allowed to run into a moribund condition ; but he charged the Government/ with a groBB bi each of faith. They obtained supply > at the beginning of the year ,on the promise that ' ' members should bo > called together in May lasl^ . whereas we were now in September. The measures the Government introduced were ut- terly rotten and worthless, as witness the Civil Service Act and the Land Act. He oonoluded his Bpeech with a eulogy upon good parliamentary government. Mr. Dibbs then rose to reply to Sir Henry, first cn the ground of his personal attacks on Mr, Trickett and the Governor, whioh latter lie . characterised as gross and brutal, and he contrasted his present remarks with the way in whioh he defended Sir Hercules Robinson in his comments on the Gardiner case. Here there was considerable uproar, but at length Mr. Dibbs got the opportunity of resuming, and of attacking Sir Henry Parkes on his táctica in staying away from Parliament while, in his own words, the colony was going to the devil ; and turning up for Argyle under certain circumstances afterwards. Going on to the loan question, he said that the 5 J million loan had never proceeded beyond preliminary négociations, and never was placed on the market. The charges of extravagance and corruption whioh Sir Henry Parkes had made damaged the country far more than the loan matter or the Soudan expenditure. With regard to the delay in the session, the reason whioh caused it was the illness of Sir A. Stuart, and was precisely the same as caused the delay when Sir H. Parkes was Premier. Mr. Dibbs finished with a defence of the Ministerial visits to the country. Mr. Sydney Smith followed with an attack on the conduct of public business generally, and defied Ministers over and over again to deny the truth of his statements. He deferred the dump-car question to a future occasion. On the motion of Mr. Stokes the debate was, at 11.30 p.m., adjourned until next day. ? '" i im i i .----ml 