THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. [Continued from the Supplement] BILLS OF SALE BILL. Consideration of amendments of the Legislative Council. Mr. HOMBURG said p[?]t 2 of the [?]ill, which related to cavecats being entered by creditors against the registration of bills of sale for antecedent debts, had been struck out by the Legislative Council. Then the Council had altered the time daring which a landlord should have tbe power of distress from si.v months to twelve months, bad increased the fees on bills of sale np to £50 to 10s., and bad made an altera tion as to registration, which latter wonld be a hard ship to creditors who were desirous of investigating the contmuancy of bills of sale. So far as the striking out of part S was concerned he very much regretted the action of the Council, but as it was late in the session, and there were other provisions in the Bill it was desirable to carry, he would not jeopardise tbe passing of the measure. He moved that the amend ments should be agreed to, and trusted that at some future time he might. In an amended form, introduce Hie provisions which had been objected to. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) trumghttbecaveatclausestvereof great Importance, but as it was necessary to have some legislation with regard to the old statute relating to bills of sale, the Government wonld not oppose the amendment. Tbe motioTi vas carried, the resolution reported, and the report adopted. LOAN BILL. In cemmittee. Clause 1. Treasurer may issue bonds. Mr. HOUK6KVELL said this clause in effect com prised the whole Bill, and was in itself more clearly indicated by the schedule. He regretted that the Treasurer had not hud before the House the financial position and requirements of the country, and then the Attorney- General as representing the Com missioner of Public Works could hare elaborated tbe various works necessary to be initiated within tbe next twelve months. He could I have wished that the Attorney-General would have in timated that he would not have proceeded with any of these specific measures unless he had the sanction of the Houss with regard to each. Then tbe House wonld not have been in the unfortunate position it now was of baring in the most hurried manner had this in digested scheme brought forward. It seemed to bim like an after-thought on the part ot the Mjnisfary—a sort of fear lest the policy they had brought before the House was not altogether a wise one. (Mr. Burgoyne—" Hear, bear.) It caused the public to think that there was a bogus public works policy introduced so as to enable the Government to raise a loan. He questioned very nrneh whether the Government would require to raise a loan within the next twelve months, for the proceeds of the last loan floated, if properly adjusted and administered, would carry us on up to February or March, ISS". At the same time art}' Government ought to be in a position when the London money market was favorable to float a loan, and this was what influenced the Treasurers of New Booth Wales and Victoria, who had a kind of reserve, so that they could float a loan whenever circumstances warranted such a proceeding. While he did not think there would be any necessity to float a loan until February or March, 1887, he thought the Government ought to bare the sanction of Parliament, so that tbey might float a loan if tbe London money market presented a favorable opportunity. He considered, therefore, that the Government ought to have approached this matter in rather a different spirit, and if they had not been so hurried in preparing their plans for the House he thought they would hare been more successful than they would now be in carrying thescbednletothi??flL Hewasafraid that they had j rather courted defeat than tried to win success, and he regrettrf this rerymuch,ljecari9ehe was extremely anxious to help tbe Government in this matter, just as be believed the members of the Govern- I ment would help any Treasurer in taking advantage of any favorable opportunity. He fully apprehended all the financial bearings in connection with this matter, and while he was desirous of helping the Government, he could not support the proposition as it was now submitted to the House. He would move for the postponement of this clause, which expressly set forth the amount of the schedule, until after tbe schedule had - been considered. Coming to the schedule he might say that there were some items which he thought should hardly be incorporated in a loan Bill, and amongst these he might mention composite carriages, additional traffic requirements for Port Adelaide engine-shed, turntable, and all that kind of thing. After a line had been com pleted for a number of years be thought It was questionable whether it was wise to ask for loan moneys for the conduct of the traffic. Some of the £43,000 made up of some of the smaller items ought not to have been included, but he did not want to be hypercritical that night, and did not raise much objection to this. Then there was an amenntot £505,000 for the Strangways Springs and Peake railway. That was a line that might fairly be included in a loan Bill, because the expenditure had been authorised by an Act of Parliament. He would, however, point out that under the most favorable cdrenmstances it would take some couple of years to finish this line, and therefore there could be no hurry with regard to borrowing this half -million of money. If the money were raised to-morrow It could not be applied to this particular work under two years, because it would take fully that tune to complete the existing contract, and a further time would be needed to allow contractors to examine the country beyond, and to call for tenders. (Mr. Coles—" Hear, bear.") Really the most debate able part of the schedule was the item waterworks £680,000, in which was included £200,090 for the carrying out of the Barossa water scheme. This really was the head and front of the offending of the schedule. If tbe Government had simply stated that they wanted £600,000 for water conservation purposes it would not have been half so objectionable as was asking for £200,000 as a first instalment for the Barossa water scheme. This was only the thin end of the wedge the insertion of which ought to be resisted, because this was a pernicious system in con nection with the initiation of public works. Noone in , the colony had an idea as to what the ultimate cost of 'this scheme wonld be. The Attorney-General said It would be £700,000. As a oommon.sense man he would Say that the cost would be double that amount. (Mr. Catt—" It could be done for half a million.*') He did not think it could be done for a mOlian and a naif if it were carried out with a system of reticula tion, which would have to be done if it was-tonocom push the subsidiary water supply of Adelaide and tbe muiuuuding neighborhood and the irrigation of the Adelaide plains. It was asking tbe House to follow the Government too blindly to ask members to adopt a scheme suddenly brought forward in what was not a practicable form, and it would berAnngingmeoonntry into a debt for a scheme of the advantages of which he was doubtful. The water requirements of Adelaide and its neighborhood were well supplied at the present time, and would continue to be well sup plied for a number of years. (Mr. Burgoyne—" Hear, hear.") If it were necessary to increase tbat supply it could be done at a more moderate cost, and be better done by having a number of small reservoirs close at hand. This wonld be far better than baring so huge a system as that now suggested. The supply ! would be better, and there would be less danger of j those terrible disasters which ooourred in India, where the dam-heads gave way-and the surrounding ! country was flooded. If the Barossa eeueme were looked at apart from its advantages to the city, it stood at once self-condemned. A large amount of the revenue that was to be obtained was to be paid by the city and the suburbs. They were to pay for the water la per 1,000 gallons, whilst for the purposes of irrigation let was to be paid. For many years to come we would not require this scheme, and for irrigation purposes alone it could not be made remunerative, and therefore the whole inhabitants of tbe province would be taxed to supply a number of j landholders on the Adelaide plains with water. These plains were now well supplied with springs and wells, and domestic and stock purposes were amply provided for. If this water scheme were carried out the cost to which the landowners would be put in the way of distribution would be so great that it would render irrigation prohibitive. He believed that this was an ideal scheme. The House had neither time nor enmortunity tor considering a scheme of such magni tude and importance in all its bearings, and tbey had not the information which would justify them in supporting it. He would oppose the item of £200,003, The second item under "waterworks" was a first instalment of £80,000 for the Beetaloo scheme. He had some knowledge ol the country between the northern part ot tbe Peninsula and Beetaloo Springs, and be was inclined to favor tbe soheme; for with this large area of country now under settlement and a large area under cultivation there was not enough water, even with the dams and tanks that had been formed, for domestic purposes and for stock. There fore if the scheme were carried out it would materially aid in . the settlement of the country, and it would be oi great advantage to the settlers to have only to go four or five miles for their water supply instead of fifteen or thirty miles as at present. The scheme would be of practical and permanent utility, but he was not prepared, unless there was a Bill brought in setting form the requirements of the country and also carefully guarding the general public of South Australia, to consent to the scheme. There would be seasons when the settlers would not use ahy of the water, ana before the scheme was carried ont tbe Treasury should be protected by it being made compulsory for the people to pay for the great boon that tbey would receive. Dnless this was done he would not be prepared to go fcr the scheme, though it appeared to be one of considerable advantage. If tbe Attorney-General in stead of asking for the Barossa and the Beetaloo schemes had told the House that he wanted hall a million of money for water conservation generally, and if he had given a. pledge that the Government would not undertake any of tbe schemes until he had brought the matter before the House in the form of a Bi'l, he would have had his warmest support. It would, however, be most injudicious to pass any amount for water conservation without such a promise on the part of the Government. If such a promise were not given it would be the duty of hon. members not to give the Government authority to raise the loan. There were many other items in the schedule, some of which he would resist at all hazards. For instance, there was the £140,000 for the Northern Territory. The Northern Territory was in the position of having ample loan money, and, therefore, it was idle to borrow money for them. If the money were borrowed the interest would be accumulating. This would not be an economical way of doing things, and it was highly improper to thrust on them a loan that was not required. The principle was a vicious one, and should not be adopted. The item that commended itself to bim was that of defences. This was a matter that ought not to be undertaken spasmodically, but year after year our defences should be increased so that by-and-bye, even if our position was not im pregnable, we should be able to defy any small force attempting to land in the colony. Telegraph and telephonic extension was remunerative, and tbe money spent on it brought as much revenue in pro portion to expenditure as almost any other amount expended. The telephone especially was a great boon to tbe people, and very profitable to the department. He would like frirther information with regard to the amount of £16,500 for harbor improve ments. Last year £10,000 was placed on tbe Estimates for improvements at Pert Pirie, and he was then ad vised that that amount would meet all tbe require ments of tbe place. He believed there was a large amount of reclaimed land at Port Pirie that was not bringing in anything to the colony, and some amount of wharfage accommodation that had not been used at aU. Indeed double the quantity of goods could be taken from tbe wharf. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands—"lt is not for wharfage accommodation ata'L The Chief Secretary—"The money has been spent out of the deepening fund.") It was not to carry out any further works? (The Chief Secretary— " No.") He was glad to hear it, because the works they bad at Port Phie were more than ample for the requirements of the place at the present time. Qe was extremely sorry that tbe Government had brought tbe matter forward so hurriedly, because by so doing they had courted defeat. A Bill dealing with matters of grave and lasting importance, involving an expenditure of over a million of money and interest amounting to £40,000 a year, should not be rushed upon the House without giving hon. manners tune to fairly and houesUy-con sider it He also objected to the way in which the Attorney-General had tried to mix up the labor question in regard to the BilL It looked as if the matter was brought -forward in fids harried way because the Gorexnraent were repenting of their ?nevjous intention of nefpreceeAing with workrof development this session, and thought they were now absolutely necessary. He would go with tha Government as fax as be dared to go, because ho reoogntoed that them were matters outside and above party politics. (Hear, bear.) And It was because be felt that that be asked the Government to alter their schedule with regard to water conservation, and tff embody the items in one amount of half a minion ot money, ana give a pledge that they wonld not undertake ?uv of the schemes before Bills had been brought forward Betting out how the money was to be expended, ?nd hoarding' the general taxpayers of the province from any advan tage that might be given to any particular locality. If they did this be would support them, because he believed It would be in the best interests of the country to place them in a position, bo that if oircninstanoes arose that wonld enable them advantageously to float a loan for a million of money obey would be able to do so. In view of this he would move the postpone ment of the consideration of clause 1 untfl after the schedule had been considered. The clause was postponed. Clauses 2 to 8 inclusive passed. Schedule. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD suggested that the details Of the items should be put line by line. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said the Government had no objection, and he thought this could be done because a clause In the Bill referred to the parliamentary paper which contained the details. The CHAIBMAN—I do not think I can put to the committee any question that is not under considera tion. The Hon. R. D. ROSS slid that some years ago he bad strongly objected to tbe Government givinglump sums without tbedetails,andtbe mattereventuated by reference being made in the BUI to the parliamentary paper in which the particulars were set out The Audit Office was guided in p-"W*ng credit in tbe public accounts by the parliamentary paper referred to iv the Loan Bin. That had been done for some years past (Hear, bear.) The CHAIRMAN—The committee ought to have the power of considering the details of the parlia mentary paper. I think the proper course will be for me to leave the chair for a moment, and when the Speaker is in the chair for the House to order the paper to be considered by the committee. The House resumed, and the Chairman reported that the committee wished to consider the parliamentary paper in detail. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) moved that the paper be referred to the committee. Carried. In committee. Railway accommodation —Turntable, coal-stage, be, engine railway-shed, Port Adelaide, £2,008. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C Bray) said j the construction of the shed was provided for in last year's Bill, and the turntable, coal-stage, and other appliances were necessary to complete the work. Mr. COLES asked whether the shed was completed 7 The CHIEF BECRETARY (Hon. J. C Bray) said the engine-shed was completed. The other part of the work was in progress. Sir. BOWER thought it would have been better to pay for these works out of the earnings from the railways. If our railways did not pay more than the working expenses, the sooner some were shut up the better. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD was astonished to see the item on the schedule, because an amount of £6,000 for a running-shed at the Port Adelaide station had been voted on the Loan Transfer Bill last year. He did not see why £2,000 more was required, and unless tbe committee had more information they would not be justified in voting the sum. Last year the follow ing amounts were spent on the Port Adelaide line :— £4,000 for railway store depot; ruru&ur-sbed;, Port Adelaide, £6,000; additional rolling- stock (Port and North lines), £84,000; Glanville station, £8,000; Islington, £3,400; in addition to £6,000 or £7,000 for the completion of tbe Pint Adelaide station. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon J. C. Bray) pointed out that without the turntable and other appliances the running-shed would be practically useless. She Hon. T. PLAYFORD said Minister? expected when the Engineer-in-Chief said he wanted a certain amount for a work that the amount wasall that wordd be required. (Hear, hear.) If more was asked for afterwards both the Minlrtrrw and tbe House were deceived. (Hear, bear.) The officers in the depart ment Should know that when tbey asked for amounts for certain works they should include the appliances that would be required to make them nsefnlto the public It wonld be well to strike out the line unless further information were given. Hr. DUNCAN said that in the report of the Com missioners of Audit there were certain unexpended balances for certain railways, aad others were for lines not specified. Could not some of those items be applied to meet cases like the present? The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said the details to which the lines applied were fixed, and the money could only be applied as voted, unless a special Act was passed for their transfer. Mr. GILBERT was glad to see the item ventilated, and he hoped it would not be passed without the I fullest information. He hoped tbe attention of the heads of departments would be called to tbe remarks of Hr. Playford. Mr. FORNER protested against the practice of putting such items in Loan Buls at aU. They ought to come out of revenue. (Hear, hear). Lines ought not to be restocked out of borrowed money. He quite agreed with what Hr. Playford had said. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. O. Bray) said that new and additional works oouid only be provided out ot tbe revenue, but must be charged to capital. At the same time be quite admitted that the Engineer in-Chief ought to advise tbe Commissioner ot Publio Works exactly what the total oost of any work would be and not bring forward additional items. Hr. COGLIN said the Government might well be entrusted with the money asked. Tbey would give a good account tor it to Parliament, and if they did not find it necessary would not spend it. Hr. LANDSEER was glad Hr. Playford had directed tbe attention of the Honse to the matter. It would be impossible to go on borrowing money to make works which cost infinitely more than the first estimate. The only effect must be that taxation would amount to such a degree that railway exten sion in the country districts would soon become im possible. Hr. J. L. STIRLING thought that the relations of the Commissioner of Public Works and the Engineer in-Chief should be so defined that oo the one band a Commissioner of PuWic Works would not coerce the Engineer-in-Chief into fixing too small a sum as the probable oost, and on the other that the Engineer in-Chief should not mislead tbe Commissioner of Public Works by underestimates. It would do no harm to road the department a lesson by voting against the item. Mr. MOODY said that the amount now asked was dearly one that ought not in any case to appear on the Loan BHL Hr. COLES wonld like to know if there was not eaeyueh still left ont of the vote of last year. He believed the contract was a good deal under £6,000, which was voted. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said he was informed by the Public Works department that tbe abed would not be complete without the items asked for. He could not say what the contract for the shed came to, but it was certain that the items were still wanted to complete, and were not provided for originally. The item was put, and declared carried. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD called for a division, which resulted as follows:— Ates, SO—The Treasurer, Commissioner of Crown Lands, Minister of Education, Messrs. Atkinson, Bagster, Basedow, Bews, Bower, Caldwell, Catt, Coglin, Copley, Darling, H. E. Downer, Duncan, Clyde, Green, Handyside, Harvey, E. W. Hawker, Johnson, Hsttinson, Moody, Bounseveii, Smith, and The Chief Secretary (teller). Noes, IS—Messrs. Bagot, Burgovne, Castine, Coles, Furner, Gilbert, Kingston, Krichauff, Landseer, Dr. Stirling, Mr. J. L. Stirling, and the Hon. T. Playford (teller). Majority of 11 for the Ayes. Turntable, coalstage, be, Adelaide, £1,000. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD would repeat his previous remarks, as they applied to this item, and regretted that the House had not supported him on the division he had just taken. He had received no intimation whatever from the E^gmeer-m-Chief that the amount he asked for last year wonld not be sufficient. However, he would not press tbe matter to a division. Mr. FURNER—Has the money been spent ? I The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray)— No. The item was similar to the last one, and he would call the attention of the Engiueer-in-Chiel to what Mr. Playford had said. Hr. CATT said it must he the duty of the Chief Secretary to point out clearly to the Engineer-in-Chief what had been said. At the same time be did not see what was the good of dividing on the point, as it was only making the public suffer if the item were neeatii'cd. Mr. GILBERT could see no cturantee that a farther amount would not have to be provided again. It was time to put a stop to this sort of thing. Mr. COGLIN hoped the House wonld not be divided again on the point Proper representations would no doubt be made to tbe. Public Works department on the feeling of the House in the matter. Mr. LANDSEER believed that there would be a great falling off in the country's trade next year, and it was a great pity that they should go in for any further expenditure in regard to shed accommodation at Adelaide or Port Adelaide. Mr. KRICHAUFF thought it a pity to spend ony considerable sum on the Adelaide railway station, because before long a change of site would be neces sary. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD said that the raila-ay running shed waa not directly connected with the railway-station. It was to obviate the necessity of running backwards and forwards to Islington, and would be placed on the park lands, where it wonld be of use even if the site were changed. As to what Mr. Catt had said, he would explain that his division was not intended in any way to make the public suffer, but only to read a lesson to the officers of the Pablic Works department that tbey must be more explicit as to the total cost of works required. Mr. BEWB said it appeared the work, for which £10,000 had been granted, was not yet begun, and it was not certain whether the Government would get the necessary land. He thought this should be put right before they voted the sum. Mr. GREEN asked whether the sheds were being constructed of iron or stone? Mr. J. L. STIRLING deprecated asking for large sums to complete works which were not commenced. II tbe turntable was so necessary why was it not in cluded in the general estimate ? Mr. BURGOYNE understood the building- was one of jarrah, framed and covered with galvanized iron. It seemed extraordinary that out of an amount ot £10,000 they could not save the £4,000 required for a turntable. Mr. CASTINE said that when our railway sheds are moved to South-terrace 6ome of these buildings would probably have to be moved. Mr. GREEN would inform the House that the whole running-sheds, engine-sheds, workshops, and boiler bouses on the Glenelg line cost less than £4,000 to erect. (Hear, hear.) If the Government wished to give accommodation to save the engines running to Islington they should be able to put up a similar con struction for less money. The item wasneclared passed. Hr. LANDSRERcaIIed foradivision, which resulted as follows:— Ayes, 19—The Attorney-General, Treasurer, Com nrasioner of Croan Lands, Minister of Education, Messrs. Bagot, Bower, Caldwell, Catt, Coglin, H. E. Conner, Olyde, Harvey, Johnson, Kingston, Martin son, Rees, Rounsevell, Smith, aud the Chief Secre tary (teller). Noes, 21 — Messrs. Atkinson, Bagster, Basedow, Bews, Burgoyne, Castine, Coles, Copier, Darling, Duncan, Furner, Gilbert, Green, Handyside, E. W. Hawker, Krichauff, Landseer, Moody, Dr. Stirling, Hr. J. L. Stirling, and the Hon. T. Playford (teller). Majority of 2 for the Noes. Additional siding for traffic requirements. Port Adelaide, £3,600. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) said the Rosewater Council had taken a road during the time of the late Government, the result of which was that the new siding was required. Passed. Additional siding to railway stores depot, Port Adelaide, £8,000. She AITORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. 3. W. Downer) said this work was authorised bythe late Government. The first instalment was passed last year, and the amount now required was to extend the accommoda tion. The .object was to have aB the stores in one place and thus carry out the views of the late Go vernment, '- The Hon. T. PLAYFORD understood some addition - would be required to the amount authorised last year," bnt he was surprised that the accommodation pro. Tided at that time was so quickly used up. Passed. Additional flood openings, Port Augusta and Hergott line, £6,800. , The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. 3. W. Downer) said this was required between Parachilna and Farina and Farina and Hergott. Recent floods carried away the banks, and it had been found neces sary to have these flood openings. Mr. DUNCAN said there was £7,554 still to tbe credit of this particular line, and why should they require to borrow moray,? the ATTORNEY- GENERAL (Hon. 3. W. Downer) said that amount bad been applied to the Port Augusta wharfs and other purposes. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD said in making ont the Loan Transfer Bin last year the Government left an amount for fencing this line, and be thought the £7,664 must be the balance which had not been expended when the Audit Commissioners made their Tbe CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. 3. C. Bray) said according to the Loan Estimates the amount was for wharfs at Port Augusta. (The Hon. T. Playford—" I doubt whether it is.") The Loan Estimates said the estimated expenditure was £18,000 "for bunding wharfs, Pert Augusta, contract for which has been let; completing fixing guard rails on bridges, and relaying hist eleven miles of line with 604b. plant." ?Tbe Hon. T. PLAYFORD said be believed tbe amount was tbe balance of the money applied to fencing the line, and he could not see any connection between this item and the Treasurer'e statement. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said the Engineer-in-Chief informed him that tbe money had been appropriated for various works, and he would not have sufficient money for these flood openings. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD said if this money was to repair damage dooe by old floods it ought not to come outofloan. [Here the hon. member was interrupted by a noise outside.] The CHAIRMAN—WfII the hon. member proceed with his remarks? The Hon. T. PLAYFORD—I will if you wilt stop the noise outside. The CHAIRMAN—I cannot deal with the noise outside. I will when it comes inside. (Laughter.) Tbe item was passed. Hamley, Wakefield, and Wallaroo line—Two com posite carriages, £2,000. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. 3. W. Downer), in answer to Mr. Bews, Said be was informed that this was the usual oost of such carriages. Tbe Hon. T. PLAYFORD said the Engineer-in- Chief never intimated that these carriages were necessary, afl the rolling-stock being provided for in the Loan Transfer Bill. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. 3. W. Downer), In reply to Mr. Fobkbr, said these carriages were now being constrncted. The item was passed. Thirty goods waggons, £3,000. TheAOTORNEY- GEHERAL (Hon. 3. W "Downer) Said, in reply to the Hon. T. Playford, said these waggons were being constructed under contract. Hr. BEWS said these waggons were necessary, but he could not say as much for the other item. The item was passed. Strathalbyn and Goolwa line — Strengthening bridges for locomotive requirements, £3,000. Hr. COLES asked whether this would be sufficient. Hr. Darling, when Commissiooer of Public Works, said the total coat would be £6.000. TheATTORNEY^IENERAI. {Hon. J. W. Downer) said his impression was that this vote would cover tbe cost incurred. "Die item was passed. Two locomotives, £B^oo. Hr. KRICHAUFF asked on what part of the line these locomotives were required ? (The Attorney- Gentral—"Between rHrathalbyn, Goolwa, and Port Elliot") Mr. COLES said the locomotives were to replace the motors, which had been found to be unfit for me. The item was passed. Nairne and Victorian border line—Siding and wharf, Hurray Bridge, £16,000. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. 3. W. Downer), in reply to Hr Coles, ssSd this amount was made np as follows:—Land, £636; earthworks, £2,161 ISs. I0d.; culverts and fencing, £203 ISA. Set; permanent way in 68 chains of main line and one nuts of sidings, £4,908 Is. 6d.; wharf, 800 feet by 20 feet, £4,727 Ss. Id.; goods- shed, 100 feet by 42 feet, £1,444 10s.; cranes, £1,890 ; maintenance for one year, £228 IBs. 2d.; and lo per cent, for contingencies, £l£e& Us. £d, made a total of £14^69 Ms. Md. Mr. COLES said it seemed to him that this work could be done for half the amount, and he mored to reduce the item to £7,600. Mr. BAGSTER asked if the Government were oom mitted to any of this expenditure ? The AWORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. 3. W. Downer) said Government after Government had promised this work, and the promise proceeded on the reooenrtion by the different Governments of the absolute necessity for constructing the works in order to avail them selves properly of the traffic on the line. (Hear, hear.) Hr. COLES said the late Government promised that a siding and wharf should be constructed, but it was never contemplated that they should go to the extent now suggested. This siding and wharf could be put up for a much less amount. Hr. REES would remind Hr. Coles that he had dealt kindly with him in some items placed on the Estimates relating to his district. {The Hon. T. Playford— "Lbg-roumg.") The Hon. Mr. Playford was always imputing motives, and be would ask the hon. member whether he had ever known him guilty of log-roDinc. Let him name one instance it he dared (Tbe Hon. T. Playford—" why did you men tion it?') If the hon. member bad any sense of humor, which he had not, be would have understood that it was only a joke. (The Hon. T. Playford— "WeU, what I did was only in fun." Laughter.) The hon. member was a humorous man, and he apolo gised. (Laughter.) He (Hr. Rees) had seen suc cessive Commissioners of Public Works with his colleague, and on one occasion be bad seen Mr. Coles, and they had been Shown the original drawings by the Engineer-in-Chief, when the Engineer-in-Chief said that the cost of the work would be £16,000. (Mr. Coles—" No.") The estimate read by the Attorney-General was unanswerable, and he asked on what Hr. Coles based his estimate? Tbe Hurray Bridge was the emporium of a large trade, and was surrounded by a large agricultural area. - (Laughter, and Hr. Johnson—"Hear, near.") Would hon. members say that there was not a large wheat growingareain the hundred of Hob&ong;?Thecostot shipment at the present moment was very much more than it ought to be to fanners in that hundred. (Mr. Landseer—"No.*3 Hr. Landseer represented Hilang in this House, and should be the last man to speak oo this subject, and he was amated that every time Murray Bridge or Morgan was mentioned it should be Eke a rod ragtoa butt. He did not grudge the hon. member —(Hr. Landseer—" You have no right to grudge me.") Actions spoke louder than words. (Mr. Land seer—"Hy actions speak for themselves.*') The trade on the intercolonial railway would be—(Mr. Land seer—"A rotten affair.") Laughter.) There was a large population at the Hurray Bridge. (Mr. Land seer —"A large population of fiddlesticks." Laughter.) If the hon. member would go there he would be able to address large meetings and descant on thefutare of the Murray. (Laughter.) This work had been promised by successive Governments, and it would be most unjust to repudiate what was due to these people. Hr. LANDSEER said there was not a man in the House who had done more for the Hurray trade than he had, and if he thought there was the ghost of a chance of tbe work being required he would be the last to speak against it (Hear, hear.) There was one of the best landing- places on the river Hurray at the bridge. The steamboats could go alongside the bank, and the roods could be rolled off without tbe slightest difficulty. Ail the material used by the contractors had been landed there, and the small srdintr that they had used was sufficient for aU requirements for some years to come, especially as so much trade would not be done as had been carried out in the past. He was interested in land at the Murray Bridge, and he traded with tbe district every week; but he thought it would be a great eharue to vote this sum. Mr. DUNCAN said if the Government could show that the trade would justify the expenditure of this amount he would support the item. If not. he would oppose the whole amount. Mr. JOHNSON thought Mr. Landseer would have done well to remain silent, as it was well known he was directly interested in the question. Now that the railway had been made it would be the height of nonsense not to utilise it to the greatest extent pos sible. The wheat area was gradually spreading from the Murray Bridge to Morgan, and the trading steamers brought wool and goods down to the stations between the bridge and the North-west Bend. The contractors had indeed landed their material at the bridge, and taken it along a siding. This siding had been used by the people since, but it was too steep, and it would not be used when the railway crossed tbe Hurray Bridge, as there must be a turn table on tbe line. The bulk of the wheat that now came along the main road to Hannum would go over the railway line if the improvements suggested were carried out. It had struck him at first that the work could be carried ont for less than £15,000, but the Attorney-General had shown that goods-sheds aud other items that he bad not taken into considera tion were included. Something might be saved on the wharf, because it was one of tbe best natural wharfs ontheHuray. In reference to the statement of Mr. Coles on the previous day that Mr. Edwards had said that the siding was not required, he bad received a telegram from five gentlemen in the district stating that Mr. Edwards had at a public meeting spoken in favor of the proposal, and had taken an active interest in drafting a memorial in regard to the matter. He be lieved the fact was that Mr. Edwards had bonght land in a private township, and he thought the construc tion of this siding might affect his land. The work was contemplated when the line was authorised, and it was a very necessary work, and would be payable. Mr. LANDSEER pointed out that the farmers got their wheat taken from their doors for 64 a bag, to that they were not very badly off. As a matter of fact the farmers in the Hurray Bridge country would cart their wheat to the railway sheets, and ast to the wharf. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD said when the railway line was authorised neither a wharf nor a siding was contemplated at the bridge. It had struck him that a siding would be absolutely necessary, and that there ought to be a goodaehed as well, because it would be required for the river and local trade. He had therefore suggested that an inexpensive siding should be made down to the river, and an inexpen sive wharf sufficient to meet the email reeruirements of the locality. He thought from the figures read by the Attorney-General that the Engineer-in-Chief had made far too liberal n provision. A few.pine poles driven in with a little staging would answer all tbe purposes for a wharf for many years to come, especially as tbe boats could come alongside and the coods could be run along a plank with very little trouble. (Hear, bear.) Mr. MOODY agreed with Mr. Playford that the amonntwas altogether exoessivefor the acoomenodation 1 required. £6,000 would be ample to meet all that was wanted. The amendment was put in the form that the item stand at £7,600, and declared carried. A division was called for by the ATTORNEY GHNEKAL, and resulted as follows :— Ates, 26—Hon. T. Playford, Messrs. Atkinson, Bagot, Bagster, Basedow, Beaglehole, Bews, Bower, Burgoyne, Castine, Catt, Copley, Darling, Duncan, Furner, Gilbert, Clyde, Handyside, E. W. Hawker, Krichauff, Landseer, Moody, Moule, Dr. Stuluur. and Hr. Coles (teller). Nora, 9—The Chief Secretary, Treasurer, Commiss ioner of Crown Lands, Minister of Education, Messrs. Coglin, H. E Downer, Johnson, Bees, and the Attorney-General (teller). Majority Of 16 for the Avea Pars—For, Hr. E. T. Smith; against, the Hon. G. C. Hawker. The item as amended was passed. Strangways Springs to the Peake, £605,000. Mr. COLES would negative this item for the reasons which he had stated on the previous evening. The item being declared carried, Hr. COLES called tor a division, which resulted as follows:— Ates, 21—The Chief Seoretary, Treasurer, Commis sioner of Crown Lands, Minister of Education, Messrs. Atkinson, Beariehole, Bews, Catt, Coglin, Copley, Darling, H. E. Downer, Furner, Cflyde, Handyside, Johnson, Kingston, Moule, Rees, Rounse vell, aad the Attf-rae-Mteneral (teller). Nobs, 16—Hon.- T, Playford, Messrs. Bagot, Bagster, Basedow, Bower, Castine, DtuKsra, Gilbert, o^siet^ iju^ et-iMy- ; Majorityx? 6 for the Ayes. PAm-For,Mr.*X&niUi; against, the Boa. Q, C Hawker. The total Item ot rsflways was then pawed at £637,400. Waterworks.—Barossa water scheme (Brit instal. mentX £200^)00. Hr. ROUNBEVELL was willing to support the 1 Government as far as be could, and would, if neees sory, support on addition to the line of "water Oon servation*' generally, but be must oppose the line now before the Bouse. Hr. ITJltNE?thoughttherocorndbe Utile doubt that the site would be excellent and the supply of water good; but he thought it had not been made clear that the water would be generally used except far the supply of the city. They did not, in bet know enough about the scheme at present "lie item was declared negativedandaoSvisionoaaed for. which resulted as follows :— Arss B—The Chief Secretary, Treasurer, Commis sioner of Crown Lands, Minister of Education. Messrs. Cat*. H. EL Downer, and Bees (teller). ?"-?-*???? Nobs 28—Hon. T. Playford, Messrs. Atkinson, Bagot, Bagster, Beaglehole, Bews, Bower, Btirgoyne, Castine, Coles, Copley, Darling, Duncan, Ftrrner Gilbert, Clyde, Green, Handyside, E. W. Hawker, Johnson, Kingston, Krichauff, Landseer, Moody, Moule, Dr. Stirling, Hessrs. J. L. Stirling and Boon, seven (teller). Majority of 20 tor tbe Noes. Beetaloo water scheme (first instalment), £80,000. Mr. ROUNSEVELL would like a promise from the Government that they wonld not expend the motley till they bad brought in a BID f Or the purpose. Hr. BEAGLEHOLE moved to reduce the amount to £60,000. He believed the work could be done for very much less than was proposed. It was ths wrong time to go in for a water supply for Yorke's Peninsula; it only required a slight fall in copper to lead to the desertion of the copper mines; the farmers Were the only ones needing water, and such a reservoir as that suggested by the Government engineer was not required. E3 Mr. CATT regretted the amendment- exoeediagsy. The question was one of vital importance to a large district now suffering from water famine, and requiring; a supply to keep fhe stock alive. (Hear, bear.) The country was some of the best in South Australia, and would give this year a fab average. The farmers were now carting water twenty miles. (Hear, hear.) U the 00-mmttee in sisted upon a scheme guaranteeing 4 per cent interest being paid, we ShoSld never have It: nor was it true that the State nowhere inter vened in these works. It Was done in India, and there ten or twelve years was considered thesbortest term in which a water conservation scheme could Sy. (Hon. T. Playford—"That is for irrigation.*-) r. Culchetb also agreed that no irrigation soneme could pay from its initiation, and ths fJoverninent should, he considered, help generously during the first year. As to the scheme Itself he still thought the expense proposed larger than was absolutely necessary, but having seen how life was a burden to these people owing to lack of water be was prepared to support it As rt Was much of the water in the dis trict was not snch as would be given to dogs in Ade laide. ISgntythoin?tnd pounds was not too mnob to vote in the first case, and ho hoped the OottdOttae wouklexti?ctnoptonassfrom the Government With regard to a Bill being introduced. Tbe circumstances were altogether unusual, and required exceptional measures. He believed a saving could be made in tbe cost of tbe pipes, which for ninety miles were to oost (with reneving reservoirs) £136,000, whereas Hr. Deakin said thirty miles ot cemented iron-piping cost only eiifiOO. He also considered Hr. Hestayer*s report unduly unfavorable, as it was based on a peculiarly dry season. Mr. FUBNEB said the towns bad made ample supply for water. It was the inhabitants of the dry farming area who came upon their dams for water. He was surprised that Hr. Bsagiebeuefaadtbetemertty to move his amendment She £80,000 'was only a third of the amount required; therefore what was the good of cutting it down to £60/100 just now 7 The farming country to be supplied with water was Some of the best in South Australia: and by this scheme a large settled ponuloHon would be located there, and that was better than trying to settle the far interior. The ATTORNEY-GEM ERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) would give no assurance to Mr. RounseveO that the work would not be proceeded with until a Bin was brtroduoed next session. (Gbeers.) The proposed reservoir would be entirely on Crown lands, and the watershed was Grown lands. There need be no delay in pushing on tbe works, and if necessary legislation could be mtrodosed next session to deal with the question ot distribution. Aa to the amendment, bb would point out that this scheme wordd take £250,000 to carry out, £120,000 being for tbeoonatrootionof the reservoir, and £130,000 tor laying a line of pipes. The vote of £80,000 was merely ah iranabnent of 'the work, and the Government thought it would employ any tabor that could be put upon the work in the ensuing year. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BEES said the Beetaloo scheme had been again and again discussed in the House. In Kadina the in habitants had been drinking filth that they called water. (The Hon. X Playford—"The people in the townships don't want this soneme.") who said so? (An hon. member—" The members for the district") WeU, he was perfectly amared. That was idle rubbish, and the representatives of fhe district were not stating what were facta. With the noise ringing intheirearsof the voices of those CTvingrfor juatiee he was surprised that a Urge section of the Honse who wished to jump the Treasury benches, and in the second place those who represented large landed pro grietors who were trembling less their land tax should c increased, were trying to delay the passing -this scheme. (The Hon. T.Playford—*'Youhavenoland.'*) The hon. member was always imputing motives. (The Hon. T. Playford—"And yon have Just done the same." Laughter.) No he had no land. He had bad no father who had left aim a competence like the Hon. X. Playford. <The Hon. T. Playford—/' I never said so.") The baa. member said so on the floor ot ; the House. (Hear, bear.) He (Mr. Bees) was plead ing for a large number of people who were unem ployed.and he could not understand the action of the House with regard to this Loan BOL Every one must admit that we were langreishing for public works and public expenditure, and yet they lingered, shivering, fearing, doubting, and dreaming when they were forcing the people from these shores. Mr. DARLING had opposed the Barossa scheme in order that frrrther uttornnrtion might be obtained in relation thereto, ami that the people chiefly interested might have an opportrunty of expressing their views. But-as far aa tite Beetaloo soneme was osnosrned he > had traversed the district from east to west and north ito south, and he sjas sore any member visiting the district would vote for the item. We ought to help those who were willing to help themselves, and this was whattheae people bad tried to do. Dams had | been sunk, and they bad not contained a drop of water for the last six or seven months, i and fhe farmers woe carting water for' many muss. "The inhabitants of the district were quite willing to be rated if the scheme were carried, or they were willing to pay for the water in accordance with what the Government proposed. For at least 100 days In the year there were 100 waggons in that district engaged in carting water. Four 1 horses, a man and waggon would cost the inefividnal 20a. a day. This meant £TO a week or a real loss of £10,000 per year. Htheyhadwoterthey woaldbeable to keep the men employed on the soil, and he reckoned that in this district the country bad lost £20,000 a year owing to these 100 men having to cart their water. Some members said that in some years the water would not be Rrndred. Wen, he had known the district for fifteen years, and never knew a single year when water had not been required, and when there had not been large numbers of teams on the roods carting water. HT. BEWS said there seemed to be same misappre hension on Otis matter. He had not said that the scheme was not wanted for the mining districts, but that there was plenty of water for them if the lanre agricultural area outside was provided with a suitable - supply. Unfortunately there had been several droughts during the last seven years sinoe the country north of Wallaroo and Kadina had been taken up, and the supply of water had nearly run out because [ tfaepeopte<2Wallaroobadsharedttwh%liiaseoab-ide. The ecberne was proposed some years ago to serve the three provincial towns, but between Beetaloo and the -Peninsula there was a tract of country seventy miles in extent which was considered entirely unfit tor agri cultural purposes. Now, however, of the country between the seaboard and the Hummocks, represent ing from Moonta to Beetaloo an extent of over 1,000 square miles, a great deal had been taken up by selectors; and the agricultural returns for tbe last seven years bad proved that this country was excelled by none in the colony for the production of wheat If hon. members could see how the selectors were I suffering in tbe hundreds north of Wallaroo and Kadina there wonld be no more oppo sition to the scheme. During one of the water famines he knew that farmers who had reaped all day had gone the same evening a distance of twenty milesto Wallaroo for water and returned to work next day. This bad been repeated three | times a week, aad a certain number had to do this every year. This state of things was certainly not due to improvidence on the part of the people, because the catchment area was such that it was only once in two or three years that a sufficient water supply could be obtained. IHe would not urge the scheme if the people wonld ' not use the water. One of the largest deputations \ that had waited on the Government bad seen the Commissioner of Crown Lands in reference to this matter. On it there were representative landowners from Crystal Brook to the lowa end of the hundred of Ninnes, representing 1,000 square miles. They came from public meetings held throughout the country, and were pledged to pay their fair share towards tbe work. (Hear, hear.) The work would not pay at once, but it should not be forgotten that 100,000 gallons of water were now running away that might relieve the wants of scores of families. The echeme should be initiated, but before anything like distribution took place provision Should be made that tbe people should pay a fair price for the water. He hoped the committee would support the item. Mr. GILBERT said be wanted to be satisfied that the farmers would pay such an amount for the water as would make the scheme reproductive. There was nothing to Show that they were in a position to pay. Some hon. members advocated starting the work, and afterwards making provision for the distri bution. The scheme would cost £10,000 a year in interest, and this was a heavy amount for benefiting 700 or 800 persons. He was in favor ot the <^bffm?, but wished to have further information. : Mr. SMITH said it must be remembered that thi* ' was only a first instalment, and that the total cost wordd be a quarter of a million of money. The Bouse bod no right to scatter money over the country without getting a return * for it He would be in favor of spending money in water conservation works if they ware likely to be reproductive. Before the Bouse voted for the amount he thought the Attorney-General should bring in a BiH showing how the money would be expended. No doubt the farmers who had carted water twenty miles would be willing to pay something, but a Bill should be brought in, showing under what terms they would take the water. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DUNCAN said a good case had been made out, but he foiled to see why it was an ex ceptional one. (Hear, bear.) If it was ol such importance why had it not been brought forward earlier ? (Mr. Catt—" We were promised a Water Conservation BOL") Becaase that BUI bad not been carried there was no reason why tbe House should be asked to expend £200,000 in this hasty way. In reference to another place the Government had said tbey would undertake certain improvements for a water supply provided that people in the neighbor hood guaranteed the interest on the outlay. He would therefore move as an amendment—" Provided that the expenditure shall be made upon the people interested undertaking to guarantee the interest on the outlay." (Hear, hear.) Hon. membersknew that fanners In many localities bad to cart water more than twenty miles, and this place should not be favored beyond others. If the Attorney-General would not agree to the amendment he might put a clause in the Bill providing that the people should pay the | same rate as in other parts of the colony. Only lately they hod been told of a wonderful supply found by sinking a well at Barunga. (Mr. Bews—"lt is only fit for stock.") It would be cheaper to en courage weU^anking generally by any """? in their power than to go in for the first '"i*"1"""'* of an expenditure of a quarter of a million. Mr. BEAGLEHOLE believed that if the amount voted were reduced a cheaper mode of supply would be found. Artesian wells along the foot of the Talus would give all the stock water required, and other water was not asked for. Tanks would give the domestic supply required, and one good rainy season wauld give threeor tour years domestic supply m the tanks. £60,000 would be ample- to give the stock water reeuiired. As to the people being able to pay £10,000 a year for the water. why tbey were now cctnrnammg that th-^-jo-ddnoft even pay the land fax. At any rate his schame waa worth a trial. - Hr. CALDWELL wordd support the nmtndra- arl proposed by Mr. Duncan. Oray a tew months ago a large deputation watted oh the then OarnmU?ionarof Public works and offered to guarantee the interest on tbe nowiwry eafienditare. He Would go for the full amount B the col^ was protected fn the matter of ths interest and It most be exceptionally trsaS. ? iomeaueh ecberne was not earned she ooemsrjr *mWI lose the population now settled in the dtstHot. 'Httcons? tnents had danceS sheyooukf to help tneroSefres and could do no more. He hoped the nnwiiilttui would smroort fhe Government In votihr feVr?Ati^uyw, itr. CASTINE etad aopropercnrsnaeratlorl had been' given to the scheme. Mr. HestaTer*s own reports showed that they ware naming blioxHy irr>e? the matter. Hr.lfeatayerBam''BonKOftfceconclosutisl have arrived at are based upon the observations of persons resident in the district" and soon. They wero interested persons in fact What value oould be attached to the reports they bad 7 The money would be tar better laid ont in the construction of a railway to develop a new district If the rosidontn ware enexraragevi to coileot water in their own dams they would not near so much about want of water in the dry districts. He did not say be wonld Oppose the Bcheme if sufficient information was given to show how it could be began, bat as tins bad not been done he would support the amendment of bis hon. coDeag- ae. Hr.XANDSERR regretted that the Government Had not given the House the information that the residents of the district would pay a reasonable amount of interest on the outlay. There was the whole ofthe country from Morgan to the Bum suf. fering from exactly the same thing as on the Penin sula—carting water fifteen and twenty miles—and these people should hot have to pay taxes in order to Sive a supply toother more fortunate colonist*. He id not begrudge the Peninsula people the scheme, bnt those fo be benefited should pay a fair share of the interest Mr; CATT said there was no idea Of supplying the water free of east, but it wordd be unfair to tax the consumers to the fan amountat first Before Hr. Mestayer came Hr. Jones was suite in favor lot i the scheme, bnt as Hr. Mestayer wis sent up alone to 1 enquire into the matter his report was naturally a hurried one, and not so favorable as it would other' wise have been. Mr. BEAGLEHOLE, at the request of He DuneaA and other members, withdrew tab amendment Mr. Duncan's ampnUinpnt was then put Tbe CHAIRMAN said the amendment nfight be accepted as limiting and denmng the vote, brnT there was no Indication what uterestwastobe paid. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. 1. W. Downer) said the course the Government wonld tah* with SOD or 400 people would necessarily be different to that adopted Where thousands were *Q**xmrrtil. The Go vernment proposed If the vote were carried to pro ceed with storing the water, and next session tbey would introduce a Bfll tego?ttrng the aistrlbotiou. (Hear, hear.) In answer to Hr.:Oaudwbd, he aajd toe had heard of no mrnnliij gjiamiUm liiilihi imijy. bnt the Government Would be only too glad to accept guarantees. The amendment was negatived on (he following division :— Ates, 12 — Hewn-, Atkinson, Bagot Basedow. Beaglehole, Caldwell, Casting Gilbert, Johnson, Land seer, Rotrnsevell, Smith, and Duncan (teller). Nobs, "rO-t-The Chief Secretary, Treasurer, Commis sioner of Crown Lands, Minister of Bd-a?vtion.Hoii. T. PUyfc>*d, Messrs. Bews, Catt, Coles, Copty, Darting, H. E. Downer, Fnrner, Giyde, E. W. Hawker, King ston, Moody, Dr. Stifling, Hr. Stirling, and the Attorney-GenetalAeller). Hajotity of 7 for the Hoes. OntneteottePttatfhettamsonidasTS-iuted. Hr.BOUNSEVELLeaM be had extrs&siegretin; Opposing this e-q-CHMiuwuuhsattoOOisMunentgave a promise that before water was dfattibuted to the area to be served, a Bill would be introduced, either fixing rates at tier gallon, or on the expenditure. (Ths Attorney-General —"I gave a distinct assur ance-") Then he withdrew his ofjoosttion. ?The than passed. Wagoonjep^^^ M The ATTORNEY-GERERAX (Hon.'J, W. DownerT moved to make tffis item a^OOB/^Wthen couH obtain a general Iwin tm Vm imi ffiin i?r water ooa sertatton. They wonUjta-ovtdeln the Big that ??> osptmg for the expaodfaae disttactl-r antl-orised, snch asm country districts and tha Beetaloo setterae, none of tins-money should be spent' without 'the anthoiliyoriWiat?ent The CSAIBHAN-^y fhe ?oTernor*e message t find that the amendment can be'ptrL as the total would then be within that rooominendea. KMr. COLES protested against the Soveroment tackiiig on the amount of the Barossa'Scheme on Which they [bad been defeated, to this Item. There was a balance of £45,?00 of the water coasertatfoa loan available during the pi??Uit year, and with -the amount of £gO,OOO that had been fjaased, then wonld be £76,000 for water conservation piiiiiiiii This was amply smnoent The Attorney~Ge??ral knew thrt as socm as the money was borrowed it would be devoted to other puiuusta tbah water obustaiatton; and therefore the British pnhlie was litlnjTmsn'iitl The motion was put "that tse Bne stand at £220,000,- and nesstfved. The motion was then put "that the-line stand at £420,000,** anddeclaredcarried. Hr.COLEScalled-fora division, wWch-reiuTtea as faHawst— -Ana, 17—Tbe Chief naoretary, Treasure*, sjsiaf missioner of Crown Lands, Minister of Sdncstttix, . Bon. T. Pbyford, Hessrs. Beaglehole, Bews. OatV Darling, H. E. Downer, Furner, GByde, Johi-Bray Kingston, Moody, Bounsevell, and the Attorney <tei£ral<tener> - Nobs,U—Messrs. Atkinson,Bagot?asedeW.CaloV weH, Castine, Copley, Duncan. Gilbert,' B, W. Hawker, Landseer, Moule, Dr. Stirling, Messra J. I*. Stirling, and Coles (teller). Majority of S for the Ayes. Para—Eor, Mr. E. Z. Smith; against, Hon. G. C Hawker. The total waterworks.pnsowi at £680,090. New Parlianuait buildings. To complete contract, £63/100. New Government offices to complete, £1,100. Passed. Northern Territory. JEMO.OOO. Mr. BOUNSEVEU, opposed the item. There-was no taeoessity for it, Jtfcnngh the fin— i s ?t the Ternn? should be placed on a-fair taaas, and St would be a vicious principle to borrow mane** eh . behalf ofthe Territory wheneverahehaCTianodtooirgtt ' to South Anatolia. There was now nearly £J^BfcM> ot borrowed nroney^on Tpehalf of theTtfiifiaj inishe handst3f?wTth*wMralians,aa?ttwoTsMtt unfair to increase her annual expsadsture bjr ths - amount of interest that would accrue. ThaTerritory had really hundreds oTthoasandsot psonoWsaartdng . to her credit with South Australia, aadsvsntfthe railway was begtmat once it wonld take two or three years to absorb the loan money they had on band. Mr. E.W. HAWKER did iiot-m why tbe^TenrMy should not be debited wtthtbe amount and South Australia proper crodited with it Mr. "FOBNER "soned this woaU tsotfcepressed, as the money on the fine Greek rail way would not be expended in twelve months, and there wonld tbe a sufficient amount with which to go into the London* market Hr. DUNCAN said South Australia bad advanced the Northern Tcarritory ont of ievsuus,and it Should be repaid. The CHIEF SECRETARY<Hbn. J.CL Bray) said We had got *h.?tmnnpyl-^V-?< | ii?g-S?-ai?'-V..iljr?ji tt*r the railway, and as we were going to construct this railway we ought not to take £140,000 from the railway fund. Mr. MOULE said it wonld be much better to make a book entry than borrow the money. This, as welt as other amounts, had been included in the Bill to order to float a decent loan. The item was declared carried. Mr. ROUNSEVELL called for a division, which re sulted as follows:— Ates, 17—-The Chief Secretary, Trcaorrrer.Oommis. *Mn*x at Crown 'j"*'. Minister of Kifnratinn. Hessrs. Basedow, Beaglehole, Caldwell, Castine, Catt, Copley, Darling, Duncan, Clyde, Johnson, Moody, Smith, and the Attorney-General (teder). Nobs, 16—Hon. T. Playford, Messrs. Atkinson, Bagot, Bews, Furner, Gilbert, E. W. Hawker, King ston, Landseer, .Morie, Dr. Starling, Messrs J. L. Stirling, and Rounsevell (teller). Majority of 4 for the Ayes. The-Item passed. Defences.—Bear defence and barracks, Largs fort, £6,600; Militau-j-- roai), £24,600; guns, be, for patrol steamers, £6,006. Passed. Total defences passed at £37,000. Telegraph and Telephone Frrten?iore—Telephone '"'t'vm"". £10,000—-Clarendon to Meadows, £760;. Cope Boida telegraph, to complete repoling, £1,250 ; Minlaton to CnrmmtiHra. £400; BedMD to Koohrnga, £600; Warooka to cape Spencer, £2,400. Telegrapn cable—Cape Spencer to Attborpes, '*"**"'*'*' c cost at laying, £2,000. Passed. Harbor improveinente, £16,500. Mr. GLYDE said be understood that there were no fresh wharfs to be constructed, and that this waa entirely a recoup to tbe Marine Board for a liability already incurred. Hr. FURNER asked whether there were any funds in hand for deepening purposes i (The Attorney- General—" No.") The item was passed. The total was then passed at £1,332,400. Clause 1. Treasurer may issue bonds. The clause was BTn**r"-V* J in accordance with the total of £1,332,400, and passed. Tbe ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) proposed a new clause to follow clause 7—"Tbe Government shall not expend any portion of the £420,000 hereby authorised to be borrowed for water conservation without first hiving obtained the consent of Parliament to such expenditure.** That had nothing to do with the Beetaloo scheme and the £30,CU0 for water supply in country districts. Carried. The preamble passed. The title was amended and passed. Tbe Bill was reported, and tbe *-*"^*i-ig orders baving been suspended the report was agreed to and the Bill was read a third time and passed. AIUOURNHENT. The House at 12.40 ajn. adjourned till 2 pjn. the same day. _^_____^____ In the "Hansard*' report of the legislative Council proceedings on Tuesday the Hon. H. E. Bright was represented as saying that he did not think the Engineer-in-Chief was the proper person to report on the Upper Stmt railway- station. What he did say was that the Locomotive Engineer was not the proper person. 