CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH EXTENSION SOCIETY. ANNUAL meeting. in the evening to an nual meeting of the Congregational Church Extension Society of New South Wales was held in the Pitt-street Church, under the presidency of the Ron Walter Mathison, B A The Chairman said that they met together that evening in the interests of that association which represented the aggiCbhtve part of their Christian work. He regretted so far as the meeting was concerned that the sum should have come to prevent a larger audience from assembling, but the man would be of such great and wide good that they could not very much regret it They met together, as he had already said, in the interests of that association which represented the aggressive work, and the activity and earnestness that they displayed in thou work was representative in a very true way of the amount of then spirituality It they were to be faithful to the Lord Jesus Christ, they could not be content with the personal enjoyment of the life and light which came from Him, and the more they realised the blessings of His life ma light the more anxious must they be to bring till then ldlowBundoi their blood influence There was enough y work to do in this great and in which we wick placed In order to do that work they wanted men and they wanted money Then greatest want was the want of men He for his part had no doubt about the money being for the ema if they had greater need for it in actual church extension work When they looked into the vast interior of this col 5 in, and collected upon the great spaces where no Collyu "ations] church existed, the_, i not feel that they were not doing their proper share of work towards the Chiibtimisution of our land He hoped that the time was coming when they should extend their borders year greatly lit hoped that the time was coming when with new zeal and death munition they should go unto Hit iisngtown-> of the water is to establish Congregational churches there He not long ago received a letter from a gentleman in the principal town of New England, and from the representations contained in it as to that place and its necessity, it made him feel yen strongly the limitations under which they were placed the one great med wit-- he considered, that then young men should feel the call of God to become the pic choirs of His gospel And he thought that the and might be run- pi ebbed upon their young men in their own spirituality be increased, and if they showed in all their spirit and com ci Nation a mine active, vivid ancient in the extension of the kingdom of their Lord If twice 1 and more upon the hearts is a solemn and pressing duty to take that part in the fulfilment of that great comm mel, Go by into till the w 01 Id and put ach the gospel to the whole question," he thought there would use up prophets Union "st them to whom the call of God would come as imperative to pic Rich the gospel The Rev J F Cullen (secretary) them to in the annual report of the Congregational Church Extension Such by (which is embraced in the report of the afternoon's pro seed uses of tin miles) Mr James R 1 units (one of the measures) next read the building loan fund account and the treasurer's' financial statement the Rev C WitxrL rose to move the adoption of the report He said there was no more vital nutrition, it seemed to him, before them as a Congregational union, than that of church extension, and he thought that they should do all in their power to put themselves right with it Only when they took it up man c neat and practical wtiN villa tVv fulfilling their mission is churches of Christ, and, believing this to be the case, it was certainly his desire to say branching, to stimulate their interest in the work of the Church Extension Society (Applau e ) As to the need for church extension, they could be no question accounts was being rapidly filled up with people in d they must take this shale with the decisions not time in uppiNiug them with the purchase, of thcno->pcl There was plenty of unoccupied ground, and the lihOtnti of nil demon stations would be taxed to the utmost to keep unto with the requirements of the population they were bound to do all in their power in tliisiliieclion By 1 inch extension th<N mean plainly puts nip that they want to plant Congregational churches all the colony honor they intended to occupy the Ground the ruts they could The v were not 'content simply that it be oittipitd They wanted to occupy it they had the sound conviction that their CoiigH"uticnnl Churches more nearly approached to the Scripture deal of churches than in N others, said that they were best fitted to do the work of Christ in the world and holding such views, they wanted to multiply churches of our order everywhere (Applause) They did not know any better way of benefiting the people than I liv carrying; out their emit Lums in for mine them into Congregational churches. (Applause.) What did they, as Congregationalists, mean by a church? They did not believe that to fence solid certain number of people, organise them, and administer the sacraments to them, was to form them into a Church. They maintained that a Church was a society of believers in "Jesus-of persons regenerated by the spirit of God, and that that was no Church which was not so composed. They held this in the deepest sense, therefore, Church extension meant the conversion of sinners to God. And so when they spoke of church extension they did not contem- plate merely the growth of their denomination ; if they did, he was no Congregationalist ; but they directly aimed at the salvation of sinners, and then their formation into a church, along with believers already existing in the locality who were disposed to associate with them, in doing this they believed they were carrying out , first of all their great commission to make disciples of all nations, and to preach the Gospel to every creature. Secondly, they believed they were following in the footsteps of the early Churches, which were composed of believers, as they learnt from the Acts of the Apostles, and from the fact that they were addressed in the Epistles as saints and faithful brethren in Christ Jesus. And. thirdly, they believed that in forming the Congregational Church they were giving an order of Church government which put every Christian man in his right place, and developed true manhood in Christ Jesus. But, however satisfied they might be with their principles, this of itself would not" secure Church extension, and thovkiiovv that too they fell far short of their ideal. They needed there within them a force which would cause growth and development. Power was their great need. The spirit of God was their great want. The Congregationalism was all right, but they wanted the living power, 'Tis The whereof our nerves are scant, Oh life, not death, for which we put, More life, and fuller, flint 1 want." They know how Congregationalism was planted in Scotland. Men full of the Holy Ghost and of faith went up and down the country preaching the Gospel, and many were converted to God. These converts formed themselves into Congregational churches. They needed such never- flow of power in all directions. And they know how the Apostolic - churches were planted. " The disciples carried till they were clothed with power from on high, and then went forth in the power of the Holy Ghost, and planted churches everywhere. They wanted this baptism of power. They knew also, how, under the direction of the Holy Spirit, the churches sent out accredited men to carry on the work of evangelising the world. " Now, there were at Antioch, in the church that was there, prophets and teachers, Barnabas and Simeon, that was called Niger, and Lucius, of Cyrene, and Manner, the foster brother of Herod the petrarch and Saul. And as they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me, Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them, Then, when they had fasted and prayed and laid their hands on them, they sent them away. " So they, being sent forth by the Holy Ghost, went. They needed in their Churches more like those who understand about the Holy Ghost and know His voice. Their circumstances might be different from those of the early Churches, but their power must be the same as' theirs. There were many ways of planting churches. Sometimes, as in the cases he had referred to, they were formed as the result of a widespread revival. Sometimes they began as missions in connection with churches, and in due time were elevated to the rank of separate churches. Sometimes a few Christian men, without prompting from anyone or external aid of any kind, moved by the love of Christ, began to labour for the elevation of souls, and a new church was the result. The more method did not concern them here, but the power, without which all their methods were fruitless. There were men among them, he had no doubt, whose whole heart was bent on seeing the cause of Christ prospering, and who were consumed with a God-like zeal for the salvation of souls. But were not these men too few ? Should they not have more of the power of the Holy Spirit among them ? There could be no doubt that God expected of them growth and progress. When. He first blessed man, He said " Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish the earth," and this blessing they believed to be spiritually, theirs in Christ. Prophecy predicted a time when the earth should be full of the glory of God; and they believed it was through His Church that Christ was to accomplish this. They had the promise that the little one should become a thousand, and the small one a strong nation; and they believed that they had inherited the premises, and that they should be fulfilled in them. He should like to specify one or two things which seemed to him especially to hinder the work of Church extension. (1.) The selfishness of Churches. They sought their own aggrandisement They wanted to absorb everything into themselves. They never thought they were large enough. They viewed with alarm' any movement that threatened to divert ft in themselves the sources' of enlargement. Pastor or people or both were afraid of being encroached upon. They were generous at a distance, but their neighbour they did not love as themselves. Sometimes Churches had done all in their power to frustrate attempts to plant a new church in their immediate neighbourhood. He hoped it was very rare for Churches to act so ungenerously. They would not got much co- operation from such Churches unless they guaranteed them that they would not trespass on the preserves. (2.) Feebleness in Churches. Feeble Churches would never do much towards Church extension. By feeble Churches he did not mean small Churches. Many small Churches were full of zeal and enterprise. By feeble Churches ho mount those which locked vitality, whether they were small or large. Those could 'do little till they were themselves brought into a right condition. Feeble Churches usually locked an evangelical ministry; they were very' often quarrelsome, and" frequently they found one or more men lording it over the rest. Such Churches needed to be revived themselves before they could lend a helping hand to others. Feebleness was a fatal barrier to Church extension. 3. He thought they might safely predict failure white men, in trying to plant a Church, relied on substitutes for Godliness and power, it seemed to him that the temptation to ministers and Churches was nearly all in this direction at present. They were told that they must make religion attractive and give the people what they wanted, and he lectures, novelties, and external india were generally put instead of the simple pinching of the Gospel He did not speak of these things in their own pi-to Instead of making Chub and line elicited the great attracting power, tins He said, "I, if I be fitted up, will draw all men untrue," and laying a good foundation, for a Church in labouring directly for the eoiiNeibon of si rulers , the people were drawn together by other means I hey know that, if they were to be wisely about planting a Church, they trusting a solid foundation by getting God's people filled with the Holy S jin it and souls saved but sometimes they saw other methods resorted to These might su itch a transient success, but, as a rule, The effort ended in failure He would like now, in conclusion, to suggest one or two things which they needed in order to scant sutch a in the work of Church extension f) They must take time to found the subject they must lead abor t it, study it, and if they did so they would soon do thou pint of helping on the work In this state It was reporting (2) chemist gue the Church Extension Society the 1 kinds which would enable them promptly to 80170 the occasions which owner (J) The Chuitlits must furnish men fit for the work if the life in the Churches lose to its proper level men would come forth full of faith and zeal the work required men who had faith in God, and who were not afraid to risk the success of His cause on the simple pie telling of the Gospel God was not afraid to stake the success of His Kingdom on the Gospel, and where He was confident they need not doubt of fear they n ensure that their wisdom couldntNoi mont anything that would do the work of Christ in the world so well as the Gospel of the glory of the blessed God they wanted to believe conclusively that the Gospel was sufficient for God's work and to pi each it fearlessly 1 hty were told on the one hand that they must keep abreast with the intelligence of the age, and on the other hand they were told that they called through living too much to be intellectual What w ci o w e to do i It seemed to him thither wanted to throw the whole strength of such intellect as God had given them into the pic idling of the Gospel, and, at the same tune to remember that it was only when the intellect, and the his art, and the average Witton and the whole man was possessed by the spirit of C of and pressed into the service of the Gospel, that the Gospel was adequately presented (1) they y intend to be thorough Congregation artists Having lost the life and the material when with to build. a Church they must believe that the best possible lot in it which that Church could take was the Congregation of He honestly believed that the church and was superior to any other i Vud he did not think that they need be well lined of then long ago told him Up i cause ). It produced story of Christian men, just what God started and the Church needed lit bchtNcd if ever there was-, one church for the future Cou gic¡,atioiuilisiii w is the that of the future ( Applause ) lit had much pleasure in moving the adoption of the 10 pit and he 't nee sheet The Rev J Uni seconded the motion for the adoption of the report He thought they had re- soon to be thankful for the work which had been done by the churches in the past and that the might hope for most prospect in the future the society was a very tie citing one and to quitted the warm sympathy and continued liberal ty of the present 1) in the it of "Bent st near li puts us in the land After lifting at some length to the imperative acc which existed for the efficient Church Exton on SxictN ht b and this was in a Nt outlet for one and tiny things in God they had called on these tim a they had all sympathy with the desire of title movements of the age but there were ninety pounds which fill them with comedy to be used to racing circuit prisoner the intend t .,] eel lily when they saw her missing It i getting. God and consecrating nil then powers of science and politics lit up 1 in eulogistic terms of the late ones to the Acting in divine J nu than 1 dwells in the dust on a: church evening and went o t biN that he was delighted beyond measure with the case is not Conya, thou dum "inch by their Christians ( Vppluust ) V rather better exposition of Caution ttioniihbin lit nove bend from the upset any until tHen lit a ) he agreed with him that Ci>n_,icgitic advising you that ifjutcptiou of Chu trinity It was something positiNt He moved that the N sh ski go on with On w m Kitty hereunder ken, and concluded by seconding therese lution I Vu W J Gm EN delivered steadiness, which was cx slim iron n of the constitution and functions of the Church Extension Society and in which he traversed the report presented to the meeting He added that the churches could make that society a great power it theN would They should be no means. be content with the status which the society had at the present time. The future prosperity of the Church would, to a great extent, depend upon that association. The resolution was then put and carried, and the meeting terminated in the usual way. to-day's busINESS. This afternoon's sitting of the Union will commence at 2 o'clock, and will be continued until about 6 o'clock. At half-past 7 o'clock there will be in the church a public meeting in connection with the London Missionary Society. Amongst the notices appearing on the business paper of the Union for consideration to-day, are the following: Roy. J. F. Cullen To moved. That this Union deplores the pro- valence of drunkenness with its consequent poverty, suffering and Clinic, and whilst relying chiefly on moral influences for its cure, recognises the need also for intelligent legislation." 2. "That this Union recognises the earnest work of the Local Option League of New South Wales, and approves of the principle of local option on the electoral, franchise and justly applied ; but regrets that the committee of the league should alienate large sections of the community by over-rigidity on subordinate questions." Rev. S. Bryant to move "that the Union committee be requested to adopt such means as may appear desirable for the support and furtherance of measures for sanitary improvement and the preservation of the public health." 