TRAINING NOTES. OAULFIELD. By "Mozart." Quito a spring morning. Mr Benco was first to snow up with Yoloci- pedoand Lando, the pair boing sent a quiet round of tho grass (which had considerably dried up since yostcrday), the Cup horso un- doing n third for good striding work, the littlo chesmit, who had trotted to the six fur longs, joining him for a jun homo. The big son of Penman will not want to let tho grass grow under his fcot from this out. Alhanns and Cl'andos strodo along for five furolngs. Later on Lottery was treated to somo jumping over tho smaller sticks, which ho did not take to kindly. Mabel Grey was sent a coupleof rounds for steady work, pulling and reefing all the way The pair rait a strong half mile in corapuiy. Mr Davis put- Ditto through 4 or 5 miles steady, Meerschaum being similarly treated. Manxman and Dulcet were cnchsont half-a-inile ot three-quarter pnee. Caraerine was nob out, but I am told sho is all right, only still a littlo Lender from tho wound. Mr Selmnn sent Too Too, who was very oogcr to go along about mllo for serviceable work, she ia looking fresli and healthy. Mr Conolly treated Lord Chancellor, Don Giovnni, and tho Marihyrnoug— Noa colt to a tpiu for £ mllo, tho first named will provo the hoes later, on in tlio season. I think Mossi- f ace and Orlando slipped along for fivefurlongs. Princo Rcgont, Topsail and Lady Ashton were aire out, the latter cantered u mild turn or two on tho sand. Mr Jones had Blink Bonny and Hlppogriff iuiibt.1 nig ohuiwjj iui t» luul/lu ul 1uuuu3, 1>u3 daughter of St. Albans moving gingerly. Solo i anil Ilcro Goes cantered n coupfo of turns, brushing homo from tho turn. Louis strodo along for iivo furlongs. Melodious moved along at a good useful paco for a mile, The Stag, Pritmis, Gold Ton doing Ateady work, on tho sand later on. The Bohemian moved along iu good style for a mile, 'and tho two-year- olds, Garibaldi and Louise Borta, cantered a couple of rounds right banded brushing along for half mile, tho second time tho colt going nico and (prickly. Lizctte put in somo steady work on tbo sand ; sho is looking well. Violet sti ode along for a few furlongs after doing a coupleof mild turu3 ; she does not seem to im prove at all, as far as height and breadth go. Mr Kelloy gavo Clansman, Taleboy, and Frcetrnde, somo . half paco work. Dcirauder cantered' and spurted, Pooping Tom doing thrre or four stendy rounds on tue sand. Mr King gavo Vanderbilt threo rounds im proving to good striding work, .the Millionaire going strong and well. Mr Batty sent Robin some- hnlf-paoo work,, often leading Umberto a couple of steady rounds. i ltosicrucinnt Astronomer, nnd Dccefvor were- ; alro out for suitable work. ! Calma wus wal ring about. ' Mr Leek had St EUcDj Plumpton, aud the ' Locklcys Hoyden colt doing varied work — can tering and trotting. The colt and Plumpton finished up with a spurt for 8 furlongs. Sir Donald put in balf-paco work witUBarues in- tbo saddle. Master Pinetop and Postboy cantered.' After breakfast Mr lleed sent Nuncio and Bonny Bco mild exercise, Grace Dnrliog'and the Ghost striding along in company for good work. Mr Harper's Douglas accompanied Pliccbo Walton for a canter, tlio former afterwards strodo along for useful exercise. Updo my leaving Mr Campbell had not put - iu an appearance with Mozart and others, Mr ltowe lias left for Sydnoy with Gratton. Vision is expected at Caulficld to-day. 