MINING AND TRADE TO THE EDITOR. —Yours, &c.;, ENTERPRISE SIR, —The men of Ballarat, famed for their energy, enterprise, and pluck in most things where the ghost of a show fur profits can be seen, are decidedly apathetic in taking part in about the onlythiog that will, aa a matter of fact, contribute to renew its original greatness as a goldfield. I, by invitation, attended three meetings of. gentlemen enthusiastic in getting up a prospecting company, but, I re gret to say, the parties who should be the foiemost in tliiß enterprise were conspicuous only fur their absence, via., business men of all classes, and the meetings, therefore, were very sparsely attended. That Bdlarat has fallen very low as a gold producing field is very apparent. Speak to the draper, store keeper, butcher, baker, &c.;, nothing is heard of but “Duil times 1" “No money!'’ “ What : are things going to turn •t- ?” &c.; Now, the object the’ gentleman bad in view in notifying the meetings re ferred to was to arouse b feeling of interest leading.to a spirit of enterprise for the general good of sll, and it is clear that the business people who have their wares to dis pose of would ultimately be the greatest gainers. It ie not to be supposed that the auriferons wealth of Ballarat is exhausted. True, moßt of our alluvial leads have shed their golden lußtre but we have undoubtedly io our innumerable quar'.z lodea a Bource of wealth ; that will nut be exhausted for centuries. Alluvial mining hithe to haß been so productive that but little attention has been paid to quartz mining, and it . may be said we know very little of tbs value of oar qnartz resources, -The -little we do know is proof ;of. their bear iog prospects .which points "very- en coursgiogiy to future success. The Tem perance Lode, Indicator, Black - 'Hill, Smith’s Freehold, Washington, and Band and Albion Consols, &s.;, which have been worked with fair results, 7 should establish confidence in the further development of quartz mining. Is this further development to be carried out, oris our beautiful city to fall into decay ? It is wry clear, and we feel it when' mining is .dullj 7 when the gold is not obtained everything in; the shape of business is correspondingly dull and r icevirta.' It,:therefore, behoveß the wealthy miner, speculator, merchant, aud busi ness man to come forward as one man, have a mass meeting in the Alfred Hall to discuss ways and means of ‘ getting up a prospecting fund, to‘be judiciously spent in opening up new discoveries, sources of wealth, when re munerative employment 7 would then be for the miner within' a reasonable time, and a return of the good old prosperous days would be the result, causing miner and business man, &c.; r hlike to look happy and cheerful.- 