YOUNG MR. NIGHTINGALE. By the Author of ' Hobsoit*s Choice,' &c; (Continued. \ CHATTER X. — OUR GUEST. To do Mr. Maulevercr justice, he strove his best, I may say he acted his best, to commend himself to tbe favour of his hosts. He assumed a marvellous nolish of manner, as thouph he were playing a nohie lord in some old comedy. He called my mother ' Madam,' and bowed reverently whenever he addressed her. He listened to her every remark with profund attention. He took a pinch of snuff from my uncle's round box with extraordinary grace ; a certain distinction even attended him in the fit of sneezing with which he was subsequently afflicted, not being accustomed, I think, to real snuff. And then, how different he was to Mr. Uyp- ave. What a flow of conversation he possessed ? The swiftness of its current swept us all along with it. He could talk upon any subject and display interest in everything. Now he was chatting to my mother about her knitting — she was making a warm petticoat for Jim Truckle's wife, to be really for her by next winter— now he was deep in agricultural mysteries, subsoiling and the rotation of crops, with my uncle. What did it matter that he knew nothing whatever about one subject or the other ? It was wonderfully pleasant all the same-. And what a fund of anecdote he was ?faster of ! He had acquaintance with all the day, many of them so new, or so recently be come old, that we had never even heard ot them. He had been in London within the last month, and it was clear he knew that great city intimately. And what a choiceness of diction, a richness of voice, and above all what a play of features he possessed ! The way in which be sometimes winked at me, in the midst of his most solemn speeches, was quite convulsing, it was so humorous. It was curious, I have often thought since, how quickly he appreciated the fact that he was dealing with simple but serious people, to whom levity was distasteful and jesting un pleasant, if not unintelligible. He maintained in the parlor a polished gravity of demeanour, smiling occasionally in a dignified, composed way, but never laughing or attempting to pro voke laughter. Yet he promptly discerned in me mirthful inclinings, and as we paced the garden or the farm-yard, did not Lesitate to appeal frequently to my sense of the comical : strove, indeed, in a very pronounced way to stir my laughter, and certainly succeeded. And then he read Shakespeare to us ; not being specifically invited to undertake that task, nor deliberately proposing it himself, but drifting towards it by mere accident. Some doubt had occured to him, he said, as to a pas sage in Hamlet, and did we happen to have a Shakespeare in the house? I produced the volume. He read aloud a few lines, closed the book ; re-opened it ; read from it again ; and at last by a gradual process he arrived at favor ing us with systematic recitations from the poet. We were all gratified, I think. I was deliehted, I know. And 1 could hear that Kern was listening at the keyhole. Indeed, I opened the door suddenly and discovered her on the door-mat, with the larger portion of her apron crowded into her mouth, as though by such a proceeding her sense of hearing was somehow intensified. I thought his efforts quite triumphant. Of course, Mr. Bygrave, whether in reading-desk or puip.'t, was not to be mentioned in the same breatxt with him. He was pompous perhaps ; his facial move ments might have been called grimacing by ill natured critics ; and there was something ven triloquial about his strange and rapid diversity of intonation. Still it was very interesting. He made me start, aud my skin change suddenly to ' goose-flesh' all over, with a sense of an icicle being slipped down my back, when he introduced the ghost ! How sepulchral was his speech ! A rush of cold dank air as from a newly opened tomb seemed to fill the room. I was distressed that my mother any my uncle were not more enthusiastic in their re cognition of Mr. Mauleverer's exertions. But they were not given at any time to much fervour of expression. The reader seemed content, and smiled with self- approval, as he dabbed his moist forehead in the pauses of his performance. And certainly by their stillness and their air of attention and surprise, they rendered him a degree of hemage ; though I remembered that once my uncle had, with uwch the same expression of face, contem plated j dancing exhibiting in Steepieborough market-place. Bat Mr. aiauleverer seemed satisfied with the effect he had produced, He had possibly suffered now and then, in the course of hie career, from listless and un sympathetic auditors. He continued to cut black shades. My mother thought my uncle's portrait unmis takable. He held hers to be decidedly faith ful. Each forbore to discuss the merits of his or her own silhouette, I noticed. And then Mr. Mauleverer gave me my first lessons in drawing. 