CRUMBS. Farthing postage. Another Jack in office. Crop of locusts at Qnorn. Take back those Estimates. Sir Henry Parkes redivivua. Sydney Ministry smashed up. Silverton still impressing people. One Jack out ana another Jock in. £50,000 changed hands on Caulfield Cup. Population colony, September 1,820,451. Congregational Jubilee Fund £15,979 8s. 2d. £4 per acre refused for a standing crop of bay. Dominion lines likely to carry Australian mails. Earthquake at Palermo — eight persons killed. £5,000 guaranteed by plucky Edwin for Jubilee. Echnca catastrophe — father and i drowned. Moonta though low in copper will be rich in wheat. Lord Roabcry is the future Liberal Colonial Minister. Breakers ahead for the reconstructed Ministry. The Schubert of Australia a resident of Adelaide. Ministerial Marionettes—stage manager, John Bray. _ Nine Jubilee Exhibition guarantors sub scribe £9,500. Quite a hero to accompany Davie Lindsay in his northern trip. Intercolonial line likely to be opened long before contract time. Loeic, with noddings on, was more than a match for his gaolers. Curious that horses should bo cheaper in Adelaide than in Sydney. Burnside is luckier than that stowaway the Daily Telegraph tells about. Only £3,(jOO lawyers' costs to pay for "the other side" in that land spec. Northern Territory income last year £61,000; expenditure, £90,000. Well, Weill Corner turned at last! Just read list of Jubilee guarantors. The Customs tariff—'" A colossal piece of work"—introduced by a pigmy. Three hundred and nine thousand tons of breadstuff's exported this year. New Parliament Buildings to have electric light—when completed next century. John Elder, just sailed, is taking home £312,500 worth of gold from Melbourne. Do all the good you can in the world, and make as little noise about it as possible. Can't the Government dispense with the useless ones in the Government service f Two camels and outfit to be contributed by Government forexploring trip. Generous 1 Soliloquy by ex-Hon. John— Farewell, farewell, a long farewell to all my great ness. £18,000 paid into Customs Thursday, Friday, and Saturday for short-measured spirits. Impecunious Newland has raked together £40—in cash, too—for Explorer Lindsay's botanist! Fourteen ocean steamers arrived during September, 12 of which could have gone up to the wharfs. Victorian Railways under the Board pay about 4 per cent, instead of about 1J under the old system. Press ▼. BuBhmen Monday. By a series of accidents the Press made 232; Bushmen two out for 24. "Johnnie is our Darling"—an old friend under a new mask—as sung with variations in the Assembly. £150,000 for marble palace for M.P.'s to be paid for by stopping Civil Servants' children's bread and butter. Our G.O.M. thinks £50,000 a year may be saved in the Civil Service expenditure with no meat injustice. Working man under new tariff will pay 15 per cent, on his clothes; rich man 10 per cent. Ib this fair? The Prince of Wales is entitled to wear seventy different uniforms—and he has to pay for all of them, too. The very food (condensed milk) employed to save life is put under duty to help an im pecunious Treasury. If people who have lost the use of their liver would go in for buttermilk they would soon have a new one. An Iowa woman, who ownB a coalmine, says she might have married two men a day for the last two years. Sir 'Enery Parkes expects heavy taxation will be required in Sydney. South Australia going to have company. Who'd have thought Lord Rosebery's fancy Australian statesman would play second fiddle to John Downer ? An all-round 10 per cent, reduction in the j Civil Service salaries over £200 would cause a treat deal of injustice. i Local Courts in the country can be grouped together, and much economy effected to the State and to individuals. Shepherd Kings of the South-East now want a rabbit-fence along the Border—at people's expense of course. Halbury folks advocate homesteads for married men only. Good so far, but what about widows with families? Dr. Campbell would sooner that both Chambers went to the country than that the new tariff shonld become law. A fashionable London chiropodist adver tises that he has removed corns from several ' of the crowned heads of Europe. The Austrian Court declines to receive Mr. Kelly, the new Minister from the United States, because his wife is a Jewess. Never say " I can't" unless you are asked to do wrong, and then say "I won't," and say it in a voice of thunder, too, if you like. Take back—oh 1 take back—those Esti mates. If, Messieurs Ministers, you do not cut them down, the House will cut you up. " How old are you, my little man?" asked a gentleman of a tot of four. " I'm not old," was the indignant reply; "I am almost new. Out of the numerous editions of the revised Bible published by the Oxford University only three typographic errors have been found. . Mr. Playford thinks £50,009 a year might be saved in the Government expenditure without touching the Civil Servants' salaries. Hon. W. A. E. West-Erskiue, M.A., and Professor Boulger, M.A., will represent the University on Board of Gov - - ... ivernors of Public Library, &c.; Though John Broaie " can't express his thoughts in choice language he can think well, says John Dunn—just what Jack's parrot could do. An animal has a head 9 inches long, a tail as long as its head, and half its body, and ja body as long as both head and tail. What is its entire length? Pictuie for a cartoon—1The Ministry bend ing over the happy features of their muoh esteemed acquisition, and saying "Let us Bray over our Darling." Moore, Blanche, & Co.'s tender for con structing the Mount Gambier and Narra coorte Railway is the lowest. Amount £98,050, or under £l,600per mile. Special prayers of thanksgiving have been offered in the Transvaal that the Govern ment were able to borrow £5,000! Time Newland was on his knees. " You can't cure a drunkard by imprison ment," says a physician. No, perhaps not, but you can keep him from drinking, which amounts to abont the same thing. Carry out the Exhibition on the co-opera tive principle in £5 shares, and we would " attract the attention of all nations and win the approbation of some of the nobleBt men of the age." Crossing the road until you see a gig coming one way and a cab another; so that if you move on you are sure to be knocked down by one, and if you stand still you may possibly be crushed by both. The condition of the "crop of mistakes" under the new tariff affords a prospect of a splendid harvest of disputes. Had we not better appoint a Solicitor-General solely to advise the Government thereon ? The cast-off boots and shoes of Yankees and niggers are now ground up into pulp, and reappear gorgeous in tints of bronze and old gold as leather paper on firescreens and the walls of fashionable mansions. At the last meeting of the Goodwood Literary Society representatives of the Park side Literary Society carried a motion of want of confidence in the Downer Ministry, and this in a Protectionist town. A Gallipolis man has invented a machine which will tell the price of a ham weighed on it. Now, if he will invent another to pay for the ham, he will have done much to in crease the sum of|human happiness. Rowland Rees rampant; lost by a length Full msny a gem of purest ray serene The dark unfatbomcd caves of ocean bear; So Rowland still is doomed to spout and dream Of office, but to find he isn't there. " This fruit-cure's a fraud. I have tried fruit at every meal without the least im provement." "That's odd. Why, look at me, 1 subsist entirely upon fruit." " What kind of fruit?" "The fruit of my own in dustry," Paying your addresses to a penniless fair one under the impression that she is an heiress, and on discovering your error, having the option of marryiog the young lady's lady or of being shot by the young brother. There are three newspapers published in French Cochin China and one in Tonquin (L'Avenir du Tonquin), the rest of the news papers credited to Asia appearing in India, withthe.exception of six which are published in Persia. If the establishment of factories will in crease the value of land, they may be sought after; but when the highest speculative value has been reached, the residents are at liberty to discover the inconveniencies and agitate for their removal. 'What a sad fate that flirt has come to!" exclaimed Dr. Easem, as he laid down his paper, " Why ? What has happened to ner?" eagerly asked Mrs. E. "She has married the fellow who was fool enough to flirt with her," answered the doctor. Harvey discovered the circulation of the blood. That was comparatively easy. The circulation of the blood is limited to the extent of the human body. The circulation of some newspapers is not limited even by the startling extent of human imagination. Mr. Chamberlain thinks that security against the new departure of Mr. Parnell can only be obtained by the country giving the Liberal party at the general election such a I majority as will render them independent of both Conservatives and Parnellites combined. Judge—" Please describe the man you saw talking to the prisoner." Prisoner—" I don't know now ter do it, yer honor." " Can't describe him ? Did he look like any of these lawyers? Did he look like me?" "No, yer honor, he looked like an intelligent gentle man." The very essence of a letter is that it shonld not merely contain news, but that it should bring with it a touch, a subtle some thing, which is individual to the writer. And the best letters often contain the least news, but are written as they are read, without effort. Yes, the North Australian (Palmerston) paper is a plain writer. He thus cheerfully refers to his contemporary:—" The bilious old print which emanates from the neigh bourhood of our back yard had another peck at Mr. Pater in its last isBue. It's the liver, sure enough. Dainty dude—'"Melinda, how did von like my serenade last night?" Melinda — "I didn't like your position." " My position ?— my attitude, yon mean." " No, your posi tion. Yon weren't far enough away for me not to hear yon, and you weren't close enough for me to scald you 1" Dr. Campbell has received the following telegram illustrating the operaticn of protec tion in Victoria: — " Machine-made shoes cheaper yet dearer quality, worthless wear; woollen fabrics dearer 30 per cent. Cost living enhanced all round. If protection pro duces loweBt prices, cui bono to the pro ducer?" Speaking of this colony, Marshal Booth' says:—In South Australia alone we have forty-two stations; and in my recent tour of that colony I ascertained that a vast amount of social, as well as spiritual, good has been effected through our instrumentality. A large number of people there have been reclaimed from inebriety and infidelity. Twelve hundred newspapers are published in Austro-Hungary, of which 150 are daily the most remarkable of the Austrian journals being one called Acta Comparationis Litera rum Univcrmrum, which is a review of com parative literature, with contributors iu every part of the world, each of whose articles is printed in its native tongue. A lady who has been abroad was describing some of the sights of the trip to friends. "But what pleased me as much as any thing was the wonderful clock at Stras burg." " Oh, how I should like to see it," gushed a pretty young woman in pink. " I am so interested in such things. And did you see the celebrated watch on the Rhine, too?" Spain has about 850 journals, of which a third are political, and Russia haB only 800, of which 200 are printed at St. Petersburg, and 75 at Moscow. Several of these journals are published in three different languages, and there are also four published in French, three in German, two iu Latin, and two in Hebrew, besides several others in Polish, Finnish{ Tartar, and Georgian. Familiar Similes.—As plump as a partridge. As poor as a rat. As strong as a horse. As weak as a cat. As white as the snow. As black as your shoe. As poor as Joe's turkey. As rich as a Jew. As pale as a ghost. Asplain as your nose. As brave as a lion. As red as a rose. As tight as an oven. As cold as a frog. As gay as a lark. As sick as a dog. As freBh as a daisy. As deaf aB a post. As cool as a cucumber. As warm as a toast. A Conundrum.—A housewife in Eapunda put eleven duck-eggs under a hen, which sat upon them until the proceas of incubation was well advanced, when another hen, not a member of the Peace Society, disputed the possession of the nest. Between them the eggs became cold, bo the lady placed them in a warm oven for some time, and then returned them to the nest, when a neigh bour's turkey, on an afternoon's excursion, discovered the unborn orphans, and after a short time. sitting upon them hatched six healthy ducklings. Which has the best claim to be considered the mother, the duck that layed the eggs, the first hen that sat upon them, the hen that disputed possession, the iron oven, or the turkey that brought them out ? 