TASMANIAN INTELLIGENCE. (roomt o0u OWN CORRESPONDENTB.) IIonART, April 2. Lieut.-Colonel Home, whose six months' leave of absence expired yesterday, has written to thle lion. WV. H. Burgess with re ference to the retention of his services. The Treasurer will bring the matter under the notice of his colleagues. In connection with the application made yesterday by the deputation from the eight-oared crew for free passes to Victoria and New South Wales, Mr. Burgess has telegraphed to the Governments of those places. Courts of General Sessions will be held next Monday in Hobart and Launceston. The monthly sitting of tile Small Debts Court was held this morning, before Mr. Commissioner Tarleton. In the case of the Austral T.M. Company v. Whhelan, a claim for .£8 ls 3d for calls due, Mr. Simmonds (of Messrs. Clark and Simmlonds) appeared for the plaintitf, and Mr. 1R. Sargeant for the defendant. After having heard the evidence of Mr. H. J. Warner, manager of the Company, and others, the Bench gave judgment for the plaintiff for thile full amount. In the Supresme Court, in Chambers, before lMr. Acting Chief Justice Giblin, to-day, in the case of Knight r the Upion SteamshipCompany, Limited, the Attorney General appeared in support of the sum nons on tile part of the defendant com pany, applying for the particulars of the nets of the alleged negligence, which was to form the subject matter of an action at law, and also for ten days' extension of time to plead. MIr. John AM'Intyro (of Messrs. Butler, M'Intyro, and Butler) ap peared for the plaintiff. Having heard the arguments on both sides, and read the affldavits made by Messrs. M'Farlano Bros., the local agents for the company, his Honor expressed his opinion that the allidavit did not come within the meaning of the authorityl which counsel had quoted, and accordingly he refused to make an order for tile furnishing of par ticulars; lie, lhowever, granted, on the usual terms, seven days' further time to plead. In the elms of Livingstoeo versus Henry, before DMr. Acting Pluisno Judge Wreafordsley, Mr. J. B. Walker (of Messrs. Young, Walker, and Allport) ap peared In support of the adjourned sum. mnons, and Mr. Livingstone appeared in person. His Honor adjourned the sum mons until April 20th, and directed that in the meantime a copy of tile award which haid been made by the umpire should be fur nished. It will be remembered that in tbjs .case plaintiff brought an action against the defen?adt, and the mstter woe referred to arbitration. Prjor to theo award having been made, the plaintiff brought a subse quent action, and now the summons stands adjourned until the copy of the award has been supplied. Rlecently somle foolish individual has been playing at "ghost " during the late hours of the night, about some of the streets in the western part of the city, and several children and women have been scared by his pranks. On Tuesday, about midnight, as Sergeant Plane and Constable King were crossing the angle of Antill and Davoystreets, they saw a strange lookitig object draped in white auddenly jump on the.pavement. Retiring into the shade they awaited its approach and then sud denly seized it. A very brief inspection disclosed its identity, which was nothing more suplernatural than the form of a well-known, if not particularly brilliant, menmber of the Hobart legal profession. On being' asktd what he was doing, lie replied, "Only taking a walk." The ghost-for it is presumed that the captured lawyer and the spectre of otliernights were one aind the 'same-wash not taken into custody, but the matter has been reported to the Superintendent of Police. * The eight-oared crow will run up to Noew Norfolk this. evening or to-morrow morning, returning. on Monday evening. They will thus have a splendid opportunity of practising in smooth water. 'Capt. E. M. T. Boddam, Staff Officer, and Commanding Officer of the Engineers Corps, has sent in his resignation. He has accepted a position on the New Zealand defence force. Mr. R. A. Atkins, late Governor of the Hobart Gaol, and Mrs. Atkins, returned to Hobart to-day by the s.s. Tarawera. They have been absent for 13 montlis, and have travelled through. America, England, Scotland, Ireland, Norway, and Sweden, returning by the overland route. Mr. Atkins does not intend to,;assaimo official duties again. .: ,, . A meeting of those interested in the estalblishment of a; coinpany for trading in fruit, etc., was :held in Messrs. Howe, Bickerton, and Co.'s office, this afternoon, but in consequence of the small number present ,it was decided to adjourn the meeting till after the Easter holidays, when a large attendance is expected. After to-night's meeting in' the Town Hall, a number of persons gave in their names to Majors Crowther and Davies. The total number. thus received so far is 134. I understand that about 80 besides have given in their names, for the corps under Colonel St. Hill. Adverse comment has been excited by the Government's determination not to immediately carry out the submarine min ing work which they had under considera tion for the River Derwent. The reason of the 'change in their plans is that the work would be very expensive, and does not at present appear urgently necessary, and further, it is a work which could be promptly executed whenever required, 