SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. -A RACING. The following horses arrived yesterday from Adelaide by the s s Victorian -Lantern, Ruby, Sandal and Miss Merlin The booths and gates at Flemington to be used in connexion with the forthcoming South Australian Jockey) Club meeting were sold yesterday at Kirk's Bazaar as follow - No 6 booth, on hill, Mr H Skinner Golden Gate Hotel s 17 No ] do Mr T Sheehan, New Treasury Hotel, £12 No I, do, Mrs La fronts, Commercial Hotel at No lido , Mrs 1 inns Goode road, 21 No 7 do Mr Skinner, £2 J , No 'I do Mr Skinner, £20, No 'In do, Mr Skinner £1, No booth, on that Mr Skinner, £8 carriage paddock, Mr Bernard £21, gates Mr Gobel, 12s, oyster and fruit stands £4 Nos 2,4 and 0 booths on the Uni were passed in the total pro- cells of the auctions were £100 The acceptances and general entries for the Adelaide Racing Clubs meeting are due to du) Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co hold a sale of racehorses to day from the stable of Mr Robert Howie After the settling on Saturdays Caulfield races v extends) some business was done on the chief handicaps at the ensuing South Australian Jockey Club meeting confined, however, to one horse, mundy lantern For the double event the Adelaide gelding was backed to win all the money in the market at SO To 1, and at, night, at the Vic touring rooms life 1 was offered for the Goodwood Handicap, straight out 10 To 1 was booked wherever available after which 8 to 1 was on offer With the exception named, business was almost at a standstill during the entire day and evening A thoroughbred 1 nish horse named Cheviot arrived in Hobsons Bay by the steamer Bucephalus Chex lot is a handsome horse standing 15 hands 3in high He in a bill) with black points and was foaled in 1877, Ina dam being Grey blockings, a Stockwell mare, and his sire Adventurer Cheviot has been imported by Mr J li Hunter SOUTH AUST ALLAN JOCK] Y CLUB MEETING The following handicaps were issued yes- terday for the three days racing at Fleming ton, commencing on Saturday next - BEST HARD! I RACE. st lb Sir Patrick 11 1. Hazard 11 12 rim Acott li to (disaster 11 0 Student 10 12 Minerva 10 to Lcho 0 10 latter 11 10 st lb Chats worth 1) 1 Saul ing Fund II 7 1 totaller 1) 7 Old Soul I) r Ruby II 4 x. ellon Ifnmnier 11 0 Denmark 12 11 John 12 0 RlaoUhorll 12 8 Deceiver li IS Clarence 11 0 Marquis of Water for 1 11 7 Songster 11 4 Governor li 0 Meteor 0 0 Duuuna 8 11 Dunlop S 10 Velocipede 8.10 by recto 8 7 ht John S 7 Umberto S 0 H to 8.0 uyiukliatia so Sun) rises 8 C Station 8 4 Meander 8 4 Ringmaster 8 S Ace 8 I Melodious S 1 Marie Louise 8.0 Manfred 7 12 Salvo 3 7.10 boat ST! had ECU ISh. st Ib st Hi Moonlight jo II door wood TO 2 Colebrook 100 Beresford I) 12 Dollar I 8 Mars 0 7 Chester 0 7 Whitehorn 0 7 X Hotel last Ixnno Honora Bonnie Scotland Acres Shaw and Uliilumo DCIIHIOII Anacrnui halo Delaniln Mookra Gins) s Warning: Remus Miss Met On Donn) Rollo Meerschaum SHERWOOD PARK MEETING. All mr 26 AND 27. Hon Judge Mr I W Scott Slipper R G Banner mr nuns STAKES, For 20 dog i puppies at 3 guineas each A Inner £27 second end third £6 lost. two dogs 25 each expenses £11 has two forfeits, £2 2s total, £05 3 It Glendalough beat Master Jeffry Martin) able Mr T Grants of oar w Glendalough by Oiorsman -Don) Juan (his)) beat Mr W Harper W E Hart le). b) Harrington inclination (Got and won the stake HIL OAKS STAKES, For 16 bitch puppies at three guineas each YY inner i. J second 15 third, if two dogs, £3 each expenses, £11 17s., three forfeits, £1 3s , total £60 Mr ii Patterson's! w Icncll by Chester- Riviera (Got heat Mr O Scores r or of w 1 (casant Oh I by Dionysius O Ivane-Wee Cash (Not and won the late II MOOR ST Mels, For c (lit i lip lies at three girls £15 second is ACU 103 Is Mr Cmitiicrams bk w d Shoveller v Whistling" Dick's I) Timor beat Mr li Irasersrwii Kew Joe b) Master re-seal (Brit "r Hoojers for I had) Morn I) Ron-Maud beat Featherston bit w d I mu) Lal b) Kiwi id Lu ) "r I S Ran out s bl wd Peter Gazelle lv Bros I .-Ruvveiia rest Dr Hthcrstous word rain) Boy by Ku v lnl-lusthaiu r 1 Daley s bk and Sir I tried I) Master Joe Bronze In" I next Mr J W Crosbie s r w d 61 ance It by Chcsturlleld-Dun loan of III Mr O Hood c s f w d II by Morn by Ron-Maud beat Mr H S Barrett bk w d Bahr Gazelle by Broadway Rowena and won the stake TOORAK STAKES, For eight all ages at three turn as each Vi inner air second JCll less expenses £3 14s total je Is Mr It Cllruallos r viv 1 Wcinbco lawn bvWcr ral to Hope-Radiant to it Mr R W Fraser a r w b Real Grit I ) Chester-Master Sinithcrams w bk b Sweet Belle bvWlilstilnt Dick-M)»tlf also Xi Krtlosfw I Onyx b) Minstrel Ro)-\\\X absent Mr II Gravsbk v b (rates by Cllosterilold-La lv leitMr OSheasbd w b Waterwitch (late slips)) by Magician Hussy Hon. W. M. Tulloch a 1 k w li Meter b) Chester Mut beat Mr J Dale) s w f li Blue Ribbon I) C mitai-Raiatta II III lion W X1 C illocl 2 Ike 3 b Meter b) Chester Mini It it Mr li Smithciaiiti w bk b Si cot lillie b) YYIilstlinc, Dlcl -itself and won the stake MONDAY He attendance at Sherwood park today showed an improvement on Saturday but still the ationute ne orded wnsconsiderably short of what the excellence and importance of the sport demanded There were 20 courses on the card commencing with the two made up stakes, and the meeting was brought to a conclusion in little more than a couple of hours from the beginning at 2 o'clock The two Puppy Stakes as a matter of course engrossed most attention from the onlool era the three left in each stake being on Saturday clearly the pick of the lot The winner of the Derby however landed very easily at the finish from Hartley, and it is noteworthy that both are trained by I Ogden who judging by what he has in hand ought to make a prominent display during the season I owned the winner of the Oaks won the deciding course from Pleasant Girl with little trouble, pro xious to which she had outworked Wild 1 Billy tillite unexpectedly in fact the way Mr Whittingham s puppy died out seemed rather inexplicable considering how bril Huntly she had run on Saturday Pleasant Girl performed most consistently for she occupied the same position in the Sherwood park St Leger three weeks pre lously There was not a murmur of difference from Mr Scott's Judicial decisions to day, and he must certainly be congratulated on having got through the two days with the utmost credit Banner likewise slips ed at the meeting in his usually careful style and the general arming ments of the spirited proprietor left nothing short Below are the details - 1 least she is -Moirlbto drawn, on a clear of her race got up first and score I an very easy win from Red Grit. Only a man about an as yet Federal a bye Gratia drew out frail Waterwitch, and only use! a strong hare twice before It fainted covert. Meter took ft long is ill from Blue Ribbon for the main points near which the latter put tooth in a ? piece of go to work but not enough to win when at IN came to grief first lies - Sweet Bella went away with a strong le ii from leather lawn and only allowed her to \- t us two or three points alongside the covert Shot r uno i nat Gratia on the outside and appropriated nothing Hill line escaped in Deciding Course -Meter went past Sweet Belle in the run up and won all the way teachers JIM in brims-After is no course bind other took a very i renounced lead from Kew Too which alone on him the college as he never reached a trade or life in a loan, slip After lunn) Lal and Hazy Morn were each unsighted the latter drew out and won all one way to covert Bahr Gazelle bodies Kleatcxuuipluo! I filling So) all I rarely allowed by u a small elm OJ in a good trial Sir 1 Patrick oed Chance II were Business I and the latter being used IIIKII are (nicely was sent out counted when Sir Patrick got a oz ission First lies - Play More led Snaiellcr four lengths turf in nice (Milang and is it the fire is brother to 1.111 Mr Patrick was made in r t Belle Ihr o k (tin when a list sent to the latter who had one or, opium which a fine finish or in a part of Vii Daley s due did not hall ice Uni Uni, of late -Harry M ni (UBI taxed in order I, of] near all | points and although Behr little or form 1 lies there in a trial of 1,00 I length he was at last left ited by a man ] omis limit STVI PS-The life - Glin though you pass Master I live in the run up and after a I r I I int display left off a hollow winner Hartt v it to run This I do with countries trotter, who had not the ghost of a of men in a short Bplu Heel fine Course - (Hi a-length led up for first two turns as I pass. I Hurl but for the same amount of work a lot of care and the storing folio veil at the conclusion of which Glendalough killed and Son \- IBll) Oins STAn s Third Ties -VA II 1 Emily was a good length faster to in 1 boil till Hearing the hair will a the latter as of out on the inside and thereafter on well He went Girl then ran as if. it tilling Course -11 well show til j see our 1 lease t Girl and was also the classics In a short worth colline WOODSTOCK. CLUB 'The following; is the draw for the nipples of the above club, taking place 011 thursday next - Mr A Wright's Cup Might next Mr P Illordanj Gipsy is Mr 1 Mon 66 a Bashful Boy nest Mr Y M Coi 1 Spring Mr If Beauties Cumberland-road ngst Mr T Butters Years Mr R Ia} no s GlvdongstMr v O'Connors Little of oil Mr C l'a} no a VMilto Stool Inga agst Mr H Beattie's Bitter Sauce Mr P Anderson's Kelly Ila; ni,8tMr M C Connors Atuluntti Mr J Shanks Nero ngst Mr I Ireland's Little Wonder Mr J Shanks Spring nest Mr W Passes The ALont(lato Kelly) Mr 1 Butters Le Grand aged Mr J Lionel a late Mr A Cameron s Blue n h 0 CRICKET' A meeting of the A victorian Cricketers Association will be held this evening at 'Young and Jackson's The final match of the season between the Se is MclbouiucCrlcketaud Port Melbourne Bow Une Clubs will be paid all this afternoon, on the South Melbourne cricket bowling green LACROSSE St Francis Xavier s College 1 University Team rcpiiaciitliig the above clubs met on later day and the result was a victory for the University is three to fly to their opt omits one forthollnluislti win iron 0 Parnell, Langlands and Vance dUtit still lied themselves whilst for the Coliseum S Gleeson V Al Lean 1 Ward, and warm tried hard to avert defeat Ci CUNO At a special meeting of the Victorian Cid at Union held last night It was dec! led that Victoria should be represented at the forthcoming,. Intercolonial race inciting to be held in Sydney by the Suburbs! Bicycle Club, on the Hill also mixt HOWING LhECrttlO TI LIGUAI li CLUB-The I electric Telegraph Rowing Club's Trial Pairs were rowed on Saturday on the Upper Yarra from Brander's ferry to Edwards boatsheds with the following result - First heat. Johnston and Peacock ass Matches an I Schmid v on by the former on the cost Second Heat -Port and later nest Unwin and Moloney W 011 by 1 over by a length an 1 a half Third lent Howard and M Minion oust Wilkinson and Azzoppardi 15 on by the former crew Fourth heat -Johnston ngst 1 erect -This was the best room of the day, been crow a iron lung level all the way, Johnston Janet managed. to get the nose of his boat past the w inning). post first The final! heat button Howard and Johnston was found on Monday afternoon and was won by the latter by about 3ft, after a hard struct .MAHlBiRNO.NO ROWING CLUB-The scratch four oared races in connexion with the Murray among Rowing Club came off on Saturday the course being from the Powder Magazine Canal to the shells The following were the results - First winter 1 Brotherton (how) 1 Bell c) ('C W Bloomfield (I) 0 Jones (stroke) J H M Loughnan (how), 1 Stronach (-) II Grillltlu (3) A Munificent (stroke) Job lies s crew led from start to finish and! won by three lengths. Second Heat, II Nurrls(bow) II Lciorctt (2) v Stronach (I), F Grantham (stroke) L. L. Gibson (bow) A Young (6) J Miller (F) W Tulle l! (stroke) Both crews caught the water together s I tullock s after going a few yards had a length s lead which they nialiitnlncdto the bond when Oranthu 1 put on a spurt and caught up trim them to the sculling post It was a very exciting race Qrvntlmml crew eventually w lunch), in half a length Third Heat -I I tions (bow) V V quite, (") J Miller (3) a Broomfield (strol e) route Jojueis crew Mon by the winners of the first heat by a length Final Bentley m s a and Grantham s read the third Both crews got away well together tal Joy lies s, at the head blown away and wontotnlorUbl)' by a couple of odd lengths 