SUetcftei\ Sprlug-Heclcd Jaclt. (From AU Tho Year Round.) Is is now neatly half a century sinoa the in habitants of London and its snbur'oawero kept in a constant state of terror by a man, who, under various disguises, would suddenly ap pear before the unsuspecting pedestrian, and, after having nearly frightened the traveller out of his or her senses, would as suddenly disappear with terrible bounds, leaving the impression upon his affrighted victim that his Satanic Majesty had condescended to pay him a visit in person. Evening was the time gene rally ohosen by this eccentrio character for his exploits, and, doubtless, thero are many living who oan reoolleot tho pang of foar wliioh shot through their hearts when, leaping from Bome dark corner, out of a door-way, or over a hedge, he stood before you. Who this singular being was, or what was the truo object of his escapades, can only be left to oonjeoture, as he was never captured; certain it is, that robbery was not tho motive, for he was never known to take a single coin from his viatims, even when fright had ren "? derea them an easy prey, nor did ho often praotice any other degree of oruelty beyond soaring them, which, however, was quite suffi cient, as in some instances tho sufferers never thoroughly recovered tho shook to their nerves. The only surmiso as to liia identity that ' was ever hazarded, was that ho waB tho Mar quis of Waterford-then famous as a ring leader in all that savoured of fun and frolio but not a shadow of proof could be ever ad duced in support of this theory. The more gerjer&l; belief appears to have been that thero were several persons concerned in the affair; that they were members of high families, and that the causa of their pranks was a bet of three thousand pounds that they would pro cure the death of not less than thirty human beings, apportioning them with nioa descrimi. nation as followsEight old baohelors, ton old maids, and six lady's maids, and as many servant-girls as they could, trusting that by depriving them of their reason they would ao celerate their deaths. This is, of course, in ' credible, but the chief clerk of the Mansion House police- kourt, in a letter to tho news papers, said it was so reported to a committee that was formed by the Lord Mayor for tho ' purpose of tracking and prosecuting tho scoundrels. ' It is difficult to assign the exaot locality ' which gave birth to this extraordinary freak, either sido of the Thames olaiming tho dis tinction ; some averring that it wan at Ham mersmith, others again that it was Barnes. The moat trustworthy accounts givo tho palm to the latter village. It was in the latter end of 1837, at Barnes, that the ghost made its first appearance in the shape o! a large white bull, attnoking seve ral persons, mora particularly women, many of whom suffered most severely from tho fright. At East Sheen, in tho form of a white bear, thealleged spirit carried on similar gam bols. His ghostship then estonded his opera tions to the town renownod for " maids of honour," and in tho course of a few days all i Biobmond was aghast at tho tales of women being frightened to death and of children be ing torn to pieces by him. Tho soaroh after the unearthly visitant was hero becoming too . warm for him, and he shifted the scene of hft labours to Ham, Kingston, and Hampton, at which latter plaoo ha was seen, olad in armour ol brass, with spring shoes, and large olaw lika gloves, but being hotly pursued he sealed the walls of Bushby Park and vanished. Ted dington, Twickenham, and Hounslow, all had atorios to toll of his appearanco, and in Sion Park, the seat of the Duke of Northumbeiland, tnany and fearful were the injuries said to have been inflioted by him. At Isleworth a oar pouter was seized at eleven o'olook at night, and moat unmercifully beaten by the ghoat, who was attired in polished steel armour, with red shoes, etc. It must be noted what an ex ceedingly varied wardrobe this sprite rauat have had, rendering it very difficult, one would think, for him to move, with auoh extensive properties, with alacrity from place to place. The neighbourhood of Uxbridga was the next soeno of his pranks, and he approached the metropolis through Hanwell, Brentford, and Ealing, in which last place ho was seen in steel armour, striking terror into tho in mates of the various schools located thero, and frightening the blaoksmith of the village so oompletcly as to force him to keep his bed in consequence of the shook he sustained. At Hammersmith ho found a determined op ponent in tho shape of a laundress, to whom he appeared in the form of an immenso baboon, sis feet high, with enormous eyes, and arms of an extensive length; and in striofc keeping with his animal appearance, he grunted like an hyena, This oourageous woman, after an ineffectual attempt to avoid her unoanny visitor, determined to give him battle, and flew at him with such fury that ha was glad !)o give up tho contest. Even tho royal preoincts of Kensington Palace did not escape from his visits, children hav ing seen the unearthly being danoing by moonlight onthePalace Green, and ever and anon soaling the walls of the royal foroing houpes. In consequence of the panic attending these exaggerated stories, tho police had striot orders to investigate their truth, but were un able, in the majority of oases, to trace any person who had really aeon the apparition. That there was mischief afoot, however, was clearly shown by tho applications at the Man sion House and other poliae-aourtslfor protec tion. At Paokham he caused the greatest alarm Hudging by a letter to tha Lord Mayor, from a resident there), appearing in a new character, as a spectre, and soaring out of her senses, amongst others, an unfortunate servant girl who opened a door to him; and the writer also said that seven ladies had been reduaad to the samo nnhappyiiatata [through fright at -the awful apparition. " Letters poured into fho Mansion House from all parts of London, showing how universal was the terror whioh had been inspired by this masquerading misoreant. Several persons, most especially women, wore injured bodily in many instances by the olaws with whioh ho appears to |have armed his hands, and if ono writer may bo believed, several deaths on the south side of London had been caused by tha shook his appearance had given, A letter from St. John's Wood stated that for a whole fortnight that neighbourhood had been favoured with Spring-heeled Jaok's attentions; he sometimes appearing as a bear, and some times olad in mail. This correspondent assorted that the bet, whioh was supposed to be the oause of those pranks, was that the monster should kill six women in some given time, That his appearance was calculated to up set even the stoutest-hearted must be ad mitted, for the Lord Mayor himself, though muoh inolined to be sceptical, acknowledged that he had been givon to understand, on un doubted authority, that in the vicinity of Forest Hill, where he resided, one of the female servants of a gentleman who lived near his house had been terrified into fits by tho sudden appearance of a figure olad in a bear's skin, whioh, upon boiug drawn asido, exhibited tho human body, with long horns emblematical of Satan himself-clad in a suit of mail. The .' ghost " did not disdain to avail him self of material means of conveyance occa sionally, as is shown by a letter to tho Morning Herald, January 16th, 1838, from "A Resident on Paddington Greon," who stated that ho had seen, close to his house, a figure clad in white, closely pursued by two men, and, after a smart ohase, this matter-of fact apparition jumped into a cabriolet, and was driven out of tha reach of his wonld-ba oaptora, A committeo waa formed at tha Mansion Houao in January, 1888, for tha purpose of receiving subscriptions, and to deoide upon the best means of capturing this uneasy spirit, and of visiting it with tho punishment whioh it so riohly deserved. In sending a donation of five pounds to tho fund, a gentleman residing at Dulwioh wrote that his daughter was lying In a. very dangerous state, having been nearly deprived of her senses by tho sudden appearance of a figure enveloped In a white sheet and blue fire, whioh had mot her on her return home from a friend's house; others equally testified to injuries received at tha hands of the hobgoblin. A roward of ten pounds was offered for the apprehension of tho heartlosa scoundrel, but unhappily it com pletely failed in its objeot, and tho perpetra tor of this ghastly " joke " continued to bo at large. Thinking, perhaps, that ho had dono as muoh harm as he desired in the other parts of London, for a whole month Spring-heeled Jaok devoted himself to disturbing tho psaca of mind of tho dwellora in tho East End of the metropolis, the neighborhood of Bow being particularly patronised by him. Ohq groga outrago caraa before tho polioa-magi etrato at Lambeth-otreot, and caused con. siderable attention. A young lady, named Alsop, living with her parents in the vioinity of Bow, stated that at about a quarter to nine o'clock on the evening of February 21,1888, she heard a violent ringing at tho front gato of tho house, and on going to tho door to see what was tlia cause, she saw a man standing outside, of whom sho enquired what was the matter. Tho parson instantly replied that he waa a polioeman, and said; " For God's sako bring mo a light, for wo have caught Spring-heeled Jaok hera in tho lane," She returnod into the house, and brought a candle and handed it to tho man, who was enveloped in a large oloak. Tha instant she had dona so, however, ho threw, off his outer garment, and applying the lighted oandle to his breast, presented a most hidoous and frightful appearance, and. vomited forth a quantity of bluo and white flame from his mouth, his eyes resembling red_ balls of fire. From tho hasty glance whioh her fright onablod her to get at his person, she observed that he wore a large hel met, and his dress, whioh appeared to fit hira very tight, seemed to her to resemble white oil.akin. Without uttering a sentence he darted at hor, and catohing her partly by her dress, and tha back part of her neck, placed her head undor ono of hia arms, and com menced tearing her olothcs with his olawa, whioh sho was certain were made of some metallic substance. She screamed out as loud as she could for assistance, and by considerable exertion got away from him, and ran towards tha house, to get in. Hor assailant, howevor, followed, aud caught hor on the doorstep, when he again usod con siderable violence, tora hor neok and arms with his olaws, as well as a quantity of hair from her head; but Bho waa at longth rescued from him by ono of her sisters. Her story was fully oorroboratcd by her paronta and sisters, and her injuries, whioh wero very con siderable, bore unmistakablejtestimony to tho truth of tho assault. Subsequently in Bow Fair Fields Jaok nar rowly esoaped capture by some workmen, and it waa only by his extreme agility, and inti mate knowledge of tho locality that ho got olear off. Two men were arrested aa being concerned in this affair-one a magter brioklayer, and tho other a oarpentcr; but after a very long and soarohing investigation at Lambeth-street polica-oourt, they were dis charged, aa they were not fully identified aa boing the aotual perpetrators, though it was certain they knew something more aboutgtha matter than they ohoao to acknowledge.' Another sample of the ghost's playful ways in the East End of London, was shown by a statement mado before the magistrate at Lambeth-street polioe- oouvfc, Maroh 8, 1838 by a Miss Scales, who deposed that as Bho and her sister wara walking in Limohouso about half-past eight in tho evening, on coming to Green Dragon Alloy they observed some person standing in an angle in the pas. sage. She was in advauca of her sister at tho time, aud just as a{ia name up to the paraon, who was enveloped in a large cloak, he spirted a quantity of blue flame right in hor jfaae, whiah deprived her of her sight, and so i alarmed her, that she instantly dropped to the ground and was seized with violent fits, whiah continued for several hours. This in. dividual was described as tall, thin, and of gentlemanly appoaranoo, and carried in front of him a small lamp, similar to those used by the police; he did not utter a word, nor did he attempt to lay hands on tho young woman, but walked away in an instant. Not oonfining himself to tho orowded parts of the metropolis, ho made tho suburbs his hunting-ground, and terrorised both Bides of tho Thames to enoh an extent that but few femalos would venture out after dark without suffioient escort. Ho visited Blackheath in a truly novd and marvellous Imauner, Three ladies were orossing tho heath at about Bix o'olook, when they suddenly oama upon amon Btroua figure before thera, and as tho lamps had been lit some time, they had a good view of it. Tho Imonster, they said, had a phos phorio lustre, showed tremendous long ears, horns and tail like those of a bullook. Ono of the ladies fell down in a fit, and the other two had resort to that potent weapon in the female armoury, a good scream, whioh promptly brought a polioeman to their assis tance, and on his bold advanoo the apparition threw itself over his head and disappeared on the heath, during whioh gymnastic per formance, it was said, tho hooks, or springs, on his heels were distinctly visiblo. In a pamphlet, published at the time, we have preserved to ua a portrait of the "ghost," a3 lw appeared in this instance, and tho representation even, muoh leas the reality, j is quite enough to upset the nerves of any ordiuary-minded person. He is dopicted as clad in all the orthodox details of a satanio outfit, horns^tails, etc,, with fearful daws on both hands and feet, the latter additionally armed with largo hooks, attached to the heels, whilst his countenance puts any mediraval conception of tho Evil One quite to tho blush, No wonder, then, the ladies are shown as suffering an extromity of terror, with their mouths extended to their utmost oapaoity, presumably screaming. In another tract thero is a similar'portrait of this man-fiend, its horrors being heightened by being highly.oolored.and there ha is repre sented as appearing in a ohurohyard to two women. In a third booklet he appears as in half armour, with helmet, eto., his nether limbs being clad in a species of fox-hunting cos tume, a huge cloak adorning his back, Having alarmed the dwellers on tho south side of tho Thames, so as nearly to deprive thorn of their senses, ho again crossed the water, and appeared to a party of poople near Holloway in the guise of a bear. Hero, how ever, ho mot with a reception he hardly con templated, for thera being a brickfield handy, the men of tho party treated him to a Bhower of brioks, a modo of treatment whioh he by no meahs relished, and whioh induced him to beat a speedy retreat, Ono evening, near Lord Holland's gato at Kensington, a gaunt figure accoutrcd like (Don Quixote, and oovered with spikes, was seen striding along tho road, and, after staring in tho faces of some labouring men, disappeared in an instant. These men, it is said, went into a beer-shop in the vioiuity, and then relating what they had seen, they again went to tho place whero tho figure had appeared, in expectation of its return. However, thoy did not meet it, but they saw an unoouth monstor, having the shape of an enormous baboon, playing it3 antioa henoath somo trees whioh overhung tho road, As they approaohed tho creaturo sprang up on tho branches and disappeared, Spring- heeled Jaok, of course, being oredited with this mysterious ooourronce, Hackney was favored with an extraordinary vision of this many-shaped intruder on tho publio peace, for he appeared, so the story runs,in tho shape of a lamp-lighter walking on his head and hands, and oarrying his ladder between hia feet, to whioh was sus pended a lantern of largo dimensions, amply lighted. And this curious creature, on being approaohed, somersaulted so high that those who saw it wore utterly astonished. But this, surely, is rather more than oven the most oredulous ought to ba expeoted to swallow, aud tho story must hava been manu. faotured to food the publio taste for the marvellous. Another glimpao o! him was had on tlia road to Woolwich, when a blue flame Issued from his mouth, aud a girl who witnessed it fell into fits. Hia dress on this ooaaaion ia described as that of a gentleman, with the somewhat startling addition of a wide strip of soarlot down tho back of his coat. Being pursued, ho sprang over the fonces as usual, and was out of sight in an instant. Still Iingoring in Kent, ho was found the following night at Dartford, where he was olad iu a bear-skin, and amused himsolf with tho mia ohievoua triok of putting out the town rbs and leaving tho streets in darkness. Tho ubiquity of tho follow was something wonder ful, and tended, of oourse, very muoh to en hanco his fame; no soonor was he heard of in Kent than ha turned up at Hampstead Heath, springing over the furze-bushes aud somersaulting ovor tho gravel-pits, So numerous wore tho tales told of Spring, heeled Jaok that a good many must bo sup posed to be truo; whilst, on the other hand, great allowauca must bo made for oredulity, somo people not being content with the mar. vellous as they find it, but being only too happy to add thereto. Aa a final speoimon of the nonsonse circulated about his appear ance, perhaps the following is about tho best: A wonderful sight, it was said, was witnessed on Primrose Hill one evening. On the summit appeared a huge figuro of a man, in a flame of pale blue j it then assumed the bulk of a massivq elephant, then of a windmill in full operation, and lastly, iu lessening its dimen sions, it became a largo ball of snow, which rolled down the hill, and escaped furthor notice. _ What Spring-heeled Jaok had to do with this dreadful appoarance is not at all oloar, but it was attributed to him, neverthe loss, such was tho hold that ha had,obtained ovor tho public mind. Whether too much attention was boginning to be paid to him with a view to his capture, or whether hia love of mischief had died out cannot be told, but certain it was that noth ing was kuown publicly of this singular beinp aftor April, 1838, having kept London in a ferment of bxoitemont and terror for about six monthB, The foregoing arc only a few of the stories, voracious or otherwise, that were related of him, spaeo not permitting'any mora detailed account to bo given. Tho notoriety this fellow had obtained seems to havo had the effect of making manv silly young men omuloua to enaot the ruffian HI a small way, considering it tho hoight of cleverness to frighten womon and ohildron out of thoir wits, under tho belief that Sprint ncelea Jaok was attaoking thorn, Manv cowardly assaults on women were reported in various parts of tho metropolis, under the im pression, doubtless, that it was all a " lark ." but it was a joka tho victims hardlv annra. mated, ns, should they Boroam out in thoir terror, their nnmanly assailants did not hoai tsta to strike them with thoir fista ID the mouth, in order tosilenco thera, Ono of these imitation of Jaok, a younc footman, who had kept tho inhabitants of Kilburn in considerable alarm by sallying out upon thorn disguised as a ghost, in a white slieot and hideous mask, from which depended a long beard, was captured and fined £4. which seems hardly an adequate sentence lor the offence, seeing how seldom these them 8aV° 'U8^00 a °^an0Q °f punishing In a satirical paper, the " Age," of Maroh 11, 1838, ia found a reoipa for the oure of " spring.heela " in " Jaoks," " Take ol poae, pepper, salt, and gunpow der an equal amount. Fiat mixture in blun deabuoii without 'eoruple." Make applica tion in the region o£ the 1 os oooygis,' and lot fly. Wo are happy in having the bust opinion that no person afflioted with 1 Spring-heeled Jaokiara' oau withstand the ofieots of this tieatnaent of hia nervoua aystem," Undoubtedly, if this proscription had been followed extensively in its entirety by tho in habitants of London, there would not have been muah more heard of the pranks of theae cowardly fellowu, whose only redeeming point was that they abstained from plundering those who had been weak enough to be frightened by their appearance, 