TbeCeatral ingar Mill Vote. IT was to be expected that the vote for central sugar mills would provoke hos tilities. Ever/ day since it was tir-st definitely named the principle of the vote has become clearer, facts illustra tive of it have multiplied, and reasons for it hare gained force. On die other side preparation shave not been neglected, and Jast night showed that at least some bon. members had stored up aconsiderable quantity of feeling, If we except Mr. Lumley Hill's Latin, there was nothing Jieside feeling to note. And speaking of that fragment of Latin and logic it may be remarked that whilst £h**-ttE> was no " dpg " ia the words, the ghost o£ Aristotle mast have shuddered if it noticed the connection in which they were used. We must give Mr. ituuie Black his dne for having put the case if possible, better than if was put from the other side of the tiouse, ho far as the precise object of ihn vote is concerned. It is an experiment Should it succeed a part of the difficulty in regard to the sugar industry is solved; should it fail, afiairs ;can be no worse than they are now'; they may be better. ; Let us put the case from this point of view. At this moment the sugar industry is in great straits, ftojn two causes. First the want of of cheap labour-we do not say coloured labour on large plantations; and die want of machinery on small ones. It is useless to keep silence on the fact that there prevails a strong'feeling, an increasingly strong feeling, in tLis country against all forms of coloured labour. The two wain reasons for it are that coloured Jabonr£anm>t be introduced without white labour, and that to use coloured men as longns we please, and then to drive them out of the country, is a thing so deplorably unjust that modern civilisation denounces it. What is to be done awaits to be seen. All hope of getting continental supplies need nut yet be given up. Bat if that supply had come the case of yeomen cane growers would remain to be dealt with. These men, who ought to know theirjown needs, say "We want help at a pinch at which our own strength fails ns." Their way of putting the case is a complete answer to some of the objec tions raised to the loan. One hon. member said that there is ju~>t as good a reasou for loaning money to aid farmers to thresh wheat, and for aiding other persons to do other similar things. The principle of atl these cases is the same, but at a glance it is seen that it does not apply equally to them all. For instance, in the matter of machines to thresh "gain, they aie movable*; and the same may be said of evety other piece of machinery used in agriculture. The steam plough of England is owned by an individual or a company having nothing -else to do with farming. It turns over an 3stafe in a few days, and is moved on to the next. Unfortunately the sugar mill of' the day is a fixture It can sweep only a limited area, and that area may be too small for a purely mill propiietary. If the farm and the mill can be allied, as is now proposed, success may be assured. The proposal is not at once to place these facilities everywhere without further considera tion, but to select a few positions most favorable to the project, and to make a triaL It is possible that in every place success will not follow,; it is certain that .in some it wilL Let it be tried; let a note be made of it what are the causes of failure, should failure ensue; and what are the conditions of success, where success is recorded. Experience will soon teach her inevitable lessons, : and the strongest will must bow. The hope is cherished that the picture limned: by the Premier will be drawn in the lines and colors of real life. He said-, " Just contrast for a moment the future! of this colony withihe rich agricultural land settled upon by small farmers cultivating1 their * own property; crushing their cane or manufacturing their other tropical produce at some. central mill-a large population such as the land was capable <if sustaining-^ just contrast that withtba othcpjpicturn -the land divided' into .*? few large estates at , from 1,000 to. 10*000 acres each, worked by aliens, and maintain ing, as the late Loid Bfaconstield said, three sets of people-the laborers who worked-on the soil, the men wbo lived there to superintend them, and the absent landlord, who drew his profits and spent them abroad. Contrast, he would say, those'two states of civilisa tion contrast .the two .conditions of things in the welfare of the colony, and conM there be -stay doubt which of those two alternatives would be the most beneficial f jFor an issne bo laige,rand: the experi jnentjp wairiii ^raflp^O. Hut isi the oftfc^^tion. fJhefMfia.. ®h *^icb>the money w%o, be advanced Is j«no^ferra^w,^^l^^4rgdy a qaesti^p,, I of pradence and ^k£l(,clurected by experi- * ?ence and common sense. Obviously the | conditions impoaedwoat-be^uch «s |will. I »t the same time secure the Government and leave die ecbeme workable. ;The *noney must not be thHnrn Mtaaj^rlB IkeadjtiDait woiildbeiegudly injudiaons far it The liinitatton in itB tise ttlttefc he. I fafr as as«afe; »ma fco'fenppose that" j these condnionswiilnot be atteiided to is to susuecf tbeeood faifch of the Govern- j meat -Telegraph. 