LOCAL AND GENERAL. Wa regret to announce that after a long and painful illness, Mr. C. G. Rasmussen died on Tuesday morning last, at the age of 54 years. The funeral took place on the following day, the members of all the local public bodies and a large number of the general public joining in the procession. The brethern of the Wimmera Lodge of Freemasons met at 2 o'clock, and the lodge having been opened by Worshipful M.nar - E. C. Rogers, marched to the deceased's residence and thence to the cemetery, the number being 34. The fire brigade under Captain Wright was also well represented by 25 members, in addition to the band. Full particulars are given in another coluhimn. FivE candidates are now definitely in the field for the three vacancies in the Borough Council, namely, Messrs Drummond, (retir ing councillor), Arnold, Clark, Moon and Williams, and their announcements appear in our advertising columns. Contests are also to take place in two of the ridings in the Iimmera Shire, and Messrs S. Carter and Laidlaw have aiready held meetings at Natimuk in the West. For the North Riding, a numerously signed and influential requisition to the retiring councillor (Mr. Gee. Bell) is advertised to-day, and a keen contest-ris-cpected-between-him and Mr. Geo. Paine: Mr. J. C. Carter is apparently to be all ved' a-walkover in the South Riding, no opposition having yet been declared. ihireneminatiinsmust be lodged at the resmences of the returning officers before 4 o'cbek to-dayf Tiar annael meeting of subscribers of the Horsham HIspital was held at the Borough Council Clambers last evening, the atten dance beingexceedingly small. Mr. R. H. Andrews presided, and apologised for the absence of Mr. H. R. Kruger, vice- presi dent; Mr.jDrummond apologised for the absence oft Mr. Schurmann; and Mr. Robinson for Mr. Bowden. Before proceed ing, the cluirman said he could hardly allow the business to commence without referring to their late lamented president (ir. C. G. Rasmussen). He thought it was only right to refer to the great lossthat, not only the Hospital had sustained, but the town and dhtriet in generaL He had never met a morekindly and unostentatious man than the late president; he was always willing to do what he could in any good cause without taking any credit to himself for what he did.. There was never anything required to be done, whether for the hospital or anything else, that he did not do the best he could for it, and he (Mr. Andrews) was sure they all regretted that he was not there amongst them at that meeting. "Subse quently Mr. R. Clark, sen., also spoke in eulogistic terms of the deceased gentleman, and said he never knew a more patriotic a?iritedmnan,-and the attendance at the funeral on the previous daywas sufficient evi dence that his loss was felt by all in the town and surrounding district He moved, "That the president write a letter of sympiiiathy to the deceased gentleman's i?idow, ekiressiig the deep regret of the committee at her iereavement, and the loss sustained by the district in the late president's death." Mr. Cameron seconded the motion, which was earried'unaniinously -AT the annual meeting of the contributors to the` Horsham Hospital, last evening,- Mr R. H. Andrews was unanmously elected President of the institution, the result being ree?ived with accelmation. Mr. -Andrews returned thanks, sad expresssd his intention of doing, as he had in the past, all he could for the benefit of the institution. Mr. James Brake and MIr. W. C. Wright were elected Vice-Presidents, the latter. returning thanks, and Mr. Cameron returned thaniks for Mr. .Brake, who was unavoidably absent. Mr. B: 3.' Nicholls,- manager of the London Chartered -Bank, was unaiimously elected honorAry treasurer. The retiring members of the Town Committee wer r e-appointed, and Messrs. H. R. Kruger, Noradjuha; 0.O Blaney, Muirtos; and John Scott Liawon, Hewell, were appointed as country members of- committee. A conversational discussion took place as to the secretary and collector 3 receiving commission on amounts he did not Scollect personally, and eventually the matter was referred to the committee to enquire into the whole matter of secretary's salary. and t commission, and to deal with itiat once.,:?A 1 vote of thanks wa passed to the imedical Soficers, sd othe pceedins otefi' iotedbtA if held over. `" I Es rfincny T fr. Healey, the contractor for the MicKnzie-tramway, had finished ballasting thlie ne, and had the trucks repaired, the tru~ks were employed by several parties fito?ringig in firewood from tbe McKenzie. ThE, charge for a track 'bringmng is fie cords Lf wood is 8s per day iof8 hours.-The first revenue from the line was paid in to th e.corporation yesterday. Seve?il parties. are` now using trucks, there being a--considerable quantity of firewood, and posts and rails stacked. near the McKenzie quarries, wuhich will be brought to Horsham by means of the tramway. AsPoECAa'meeting of theHorsham Borough Council was held on Tuesday evening to deal with tenders "for quarrying, breaking, hauling, &c.;, about 5000 cubic yards of metal." Present-Crs. Brake (acting-chair man), Robinson, May, Cameron, Drimmond, Clark, Hocking, and Wright. Before pro ceeding with the business for which the meeting had been called, it was unanimously resolved, on the motion of Crs. Brakesand, Cameron, "That a letter of eondolenceo be sent to the widow of the late Mayor (Cr. C. G. Rasmussen), and that Crs. Drummond and Clark and the Town Clerk be requested to draw up such letter." All the councillors joined in expressinig their sympathy with the deceased gentleman's family in their bereavement, and also in recognising the loss sustained by the various public institutions in the town in his removal by death. The council then went' into com mittee to consider the tenders, of which there were six, varying in amounts from £1702 6s to £2149 Is. After due considera tinn the council resumed, and, on the motion of Cre. Drummond and May. the sLnder of P. Healcy £1702 Gs, being the lowest, was accepted. The matter of the official opening of the tramway was then dealt with, and, after some consideration, Crs. Clark, Drum mond, and Robinson, were appointed a com mittee to further consider the matter, anmid report at the next ordinary meeting of the council. THE adjourned meeting of the Borough of Horsham Waterworks Trust was held on Tuesday evening, all the commissioners being present except Com. Tymms, from whom an apology was received. The com mittee appointed to consider the valuer's report and letter received sat the previous meeting of the Trust submitted their report, recommending that the offices of secretary, collector and valuer be combined, and after some discussion it was resolved, on the motion of Coms. May and Hocking, "That Mr. Collins be appointed to the combined oflices of secretary, collector and valuer at the rate of £50 per year, one month's notice to terminate the engagement on the part of the Trust, or MIr. Collins, at any time, and the Trust agress to pay the premium on the guarantee required." A. instance of the commendable promp titude with which the Australian iMutual Live Stock Insurance Soceity settle'claims on the death of stock insured, has been brought under our notice by Mr. Thos. Young, the local agent for the society. Mr. Lee lately purchased two valualle stallions in sii lhourne, whicl hIe at once insured at the headl office and obtained the interim receipt. Before the policy was issued oneof the stallions died, and the notice of claim being sent on the 27th inst., accompanied by a veterinary surgeon's certificate, a cheque was received by return post for the full amount insured. To-Moenow afternoon a football match will be played betwe~i the Horsham Union and Minyip clubs, on the local ground. The former will be represented by-Bolton, Bow man, Burbidge, Dunbar, 'V. Clark, D. Clark, Fraser,Dew, Rogers, Ryan,Gtanton, Anderson, M'Cleery, Pearson, Ward, Stevens, WVeight, Thompson, Woodville, Taylor. Emergencies -lrummons, T.ing, and Bodycombo. The 3Minyip team will be chosen from the following :-Kirby (Capt.), Selkirk, Tawson. Heinz, Upton, M2Laud, Lloyd, Burns, Connelly, Keenan, -Murphy, Gundy, Gibson, Davidson, Faucus, M'Cubbery (2), Powell (2), Kirby (2), Heath (2). King '(2). The committee of the recently formed local Licensed Victuallers' Association met at Barrett's Royal hotel on Wednesday evening, and having considered certain matters of detail, and the proposed rules for the guidance of the society, adjourned for a fortnight. Or Wednesday a man named Edward M'Cormick was charged by Constable Hum phries, before Messrs. S. B. Bolton and A. W. Walters, J'saP., with being drunk and disorderly, and was fined 20s. with thir alternative of three days' imprisonment. - Acconsrs are at the Horsham Sub Treasuiry, payable to the following:--P. Anderson, R. H. Bullock, J. A. Sutcliffe (2), Dr. Young, G. Wood, E. Chidzey, Wimmera Shire Council, W. J. Carroll, E. O'Sullivai, J. Storer, and A. Storer. W? remind our readers of the anniversary services in connection with the Horsham Bible Christian Church, to be held on Sun day next, when the Revs. A. Plane and F. Snell will officiate in the morning and even ing,-and also the anniversary tea and public meeting to be held on Thursday next. It has been the custom of this church, for some years, to have their annual tea meeting on "show" night, and the usual custom, it will be seen, is to be followed on the present occasion. Weunderstand that a rumdur has been circulated that it is intended to postpone the tea meeting to some other night, but we have been requested to give the statement an emphatic contradiction, it being fully in tended to hold the meeting as first an nounced. WVE understand that Mr. P. Hesley, the successful tenderer for quarrying, hauling, and breaking stone at the JMceKenzie quarries, will make a start at the work to-day, and it is anticipated that stoneno will be brought into Horsham on Monday; so that it is evidently -Mr Healey's intention not to lose much time in carrying out his contract. AT the usual meeting of the Debating Society on Monday evening, the.essay by " Advance Auonsrlla" on thesubject "'VlWhat are the chief causes of poverty in Victoria," was read and very favourably criticised. The judges (Dr. Young and M~r. R. Arnold), in announcing their opinion, gave elaborate and interesting reasons fdr recommending that the prize be awarded to thd essa±. This, on a motion by Mr. North, seconded by Mr.Lekchman, was unanimously assented to by the society. The author turned out to be Mr. Jno. Harvey.. . TuE local branch of the Australian Natives' Association held its usual meeting on Wednesday evening, the president in the. chair., After the reading of the minutes _and correspondence, and the discussion of soime general business, readings, recitations and songs were given by several siembers of the branch, the result being avery pleasant and enjoyable evening. An extra attendance is expected at the next night of meetingl when the medial officer (Di. Yuiig) will deliver a lecture on the subiject of i' The human brain." Li. E. F. Moon, senor .opratort the local telegraph ofice, ileaves. to-day for Geeloang, to which office:he is being trans: ferred at his:bown request. He will be succeeded by Mr. Ellis,.from Murtia.. - F'so a Nhill telegram we learn that the following are the nominations for the Lowan Shire :--West Riding, 'Mr., Jacob "Joseph, unoppse id; entre; William Mahdofiild and Olivei Cromwell Chambers... For auditor; Joahn Walker, unopisosed: .... -, i WE' are requested to remind those con. 'e1? ed, that the acceptaii.tfo. the three PiWrciltevt art oe the Horahami nc?s close; to-nilght and entries for therPdny Racer and Slln~ II r dle llaeetd-morrow yeviankat I)i1haitt, Hat Held. I "(I b~l:IIihis' ss1lesu: ?h ?, StdanZ reports that the following nominations have been received for the vacant seats in the Dunma."kle Shire Council For the North Riding, 0. Carroll. essrs "I. 3M'DougalL and A. Slokirk; for the -East, Cr. Dancan and Mr. J, .K. Dyer; for rr. Bennett's seat in the West, Messrs A. Gorrie, and C.A. HabeL Cr.'Jessell went for his own seat, and was returns d unopposed. Meesrs Gawith and Joas. Davrid on will con test the auditorship. Wa learn that the application made by the ?Wiminera Shire Council for a loan of £1,000 for, water conservation, at )-.artook has been grasited. Way are desired to contradict a '?eport which has beencirculated that 3Mr. P. Wil liam's was to run with another candildate for the boroagh election. I?e the Assembly, on Tuesday night, i." reply to Mr. LEngdon, Mr. Service said it was not the intention of the Government to abolish the duty on wire netting, otherwiso it would haie been announced in the Budget speech. The Government had under con sideration a proposal to deal with the matter in a different way. Ws (Spec'alor) understand a requisition is being numerously signed, asking Mr. Woods, of Balnmoral, to allow himself to be nominated for a seat at the Kowree Shire Council table • The retiring councillors are Crs. HIoare and Philip, both of whom, it is understood, will be again in the field. .Mu. Service sees no reason why the Agricultural College Council should not be appointed as a Royal Commission to inquire .,ws and report upon the class of vegetable products that can most profitably?.o eulti rated in the colony, iith or withouo Irrlga tion. He was on Wednesday waited upon at Parliament-house by a deputation from the college council, and promised (says the Tel?graph) to consult his colleagues in the Ministry on the subject. The commission has been suggested by Mr. W. Madde~ , .LL.A., in consequence of the state of the wheat trade. AN Inglewood ghost scare (says the Bendigo Advertiser) has come to a termina tion after some mischief has been done. As a resident and his wife were walking down the Tarnagulla road lately after dark, the monster came out from the scrub, attired in white. The lady fainted, but her companion seized and threw the apparition violently on the ground, giving the intruder a few hearty cuffs, and unfortunately letting him go with punishment far too light. As the name of the young man; is freely mentioned, it is to be hoped he will be made to answer for his performance at the local police court--tlat is if there is any law to punish ghosts. AxroseO curious in wanting to know tile adaptability of the mallee land which sur rounds our town for better purposes, will see a .sight in the small garden of Mr- James Chadwick (says the St. Arua ? JfTerircry), where orange trees are in full bearing, one small tree not more than three feet high, and otherwise about the size of a large gooseberry tree, containing four and a-half dozen of a most delicious, large sized fruit. Tae development of the Fish Creek business (says the Argus) was not arrested by Mr. Richardson's resignation of his position on the Executive Council. The subject was reopened in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday by Mr. Bent. He is not satisfied that the matter should rest, and, in speaking on a motion for adjournment, asked Mlr. Service to appoint a board, or to agree to the appointment of aselect committee, to enquire into the whole cireumstances of the selection of land at the Creek. Is is very strange, lie thinks, that so many members of Parliament should have known that the land was open for selection, while others were in the dark. The administration of the Landw department isat fault. Mr. Service prmpt!y declined to reply to the question unless nntien were given, and Mr. Bent agreed to give notice of the qiuestion. The matter would have dropped had not Mr. Tucker replied to Mfr. Bent's reflections on the department. For himself he could certainly say that he knew nothing of the selections. Ire kept aloof entirely from all such business, because to him lay appeals. Mr Mason could see no reason why members of Parliament should not select land, but Mr. Gaunson replied that it .was "serambling" bymembers that caused a bad impression in the country. 1lr. Cooper said he was an applicant for a selection, but so far from receiving early and secret advice, he was too late, and was unsuccessful. He hopes nothing morc will be-said of members having been "put up" to select the land. Mr. Wrixon thought it was clear that certain persons had secured land at Fish Creek contrary to law, and he asked the Minister of lands to dispossess them at once. Mr. Mirams and Mr. Bowman sit togetherin the Opposition Corner, but do not agree on all points. Mr. Mirams says that "lies in the Argus" have caused all the trouble about FishCreek. Mr. Bowman, on the other hand, thinks the Government should follow the Argus in this business. Io a "'aturalist's Letter," the following passage (says the Torbfrt Mlercury) occurs, relative to a visit to Aden a few weeks ago: -"At Aden rain had fallen for the firsb time for more than five yehrs, and a heavy fall it appears to have been, for the otherwise avid chocolate colored rocks were actually covered with a film of greenery-a circumstance so rare as to deserve putting on record. - Whilst making a short visit to the celebrated Tanks (which are by no means of such high anti quity as people ignorant of arehweo'ogy somne times make onut). I was able to ascertain -lnwhat the g.~ena plants were. The chief ,of them was an unbelliferous plant, not yet in flower; the others were nettles, mignonettes, yellow snapdragons, Eo Kow long and patiently must their seeds lie in the ground, await ing a chance shower of rain to fall, even after many years. But the world is fuller of patience than we imagine." TPat Brisbane correspondent of the Arci se states that Mr. Ruthning, thie acting-Gernman oiltil inQineensland,has received instructions from the Imperial coasul- genesel in Sydney informing him that proclamations have been published by the German Government for bidding the acquisition of land, exorept uender special Government sanction, in the German territories in the Paciflc, and'also forbidding thqe' exportation of aborigina's from 'thoec territories, and the sale st arms, ammunit ion, explosives, and alcoholic liquors to the abori ginals. Thlere are reasons for believing that the restriction bin the removal of the natives was to some extent necessitated by certain i~ction intended by olanters in different parts of this colony. LaTe news 'from China states that great loss of lie anddestruction of property had resulted from the banks of the Canton.River giving way, and the flood reaching Canton. The full extent of the flood was experienced on 22n1d Jnne. In the coufitry districts there was 'also great destruction.. A vast number of 'villages were under water, and 330 dead bodies were seen in one village alone. It is also stated that the French evancuated For mosa on tlie s2lt Jsne, and notice was given to "il 'British subjects harvbig houseds in Kehuing to send in their claims for damages. The cityisin ruins and levelled to the ground. All"' bstrvetioas to the navigation of thelports of China have been cleared. :Ta debate dn the second reading of the Licensing Bill was commenced in the Legis lative As~e.bly on Tuesday by Mr. Bent, At the outset he intimated that he would move that the bill be read a second time "this day six months." He spoke for three eaours,~and kept hon. members -live duting the lwhole time, colliing once or twice rith t. times "sey cone-at the expense of Colonel Smith, Mr. Hall, the Chief 8l',retary the Premier, and a number of other mer bers. He objects to the bill because it is unnecessary, and ealculated to damage tine reputation of the colony in the eyes of th4 world. It confiscatesproperty, andtherebh shows that we are not to be trusted, an, stamps thepeople as drunkards. In addition to these serious blots Mr. Bent has discovered that it aims entirely at suppressing the poor publican, leaving the wine and spirit mer chant alone, and not affecting the rich man'k club. He was angry because the Chief Secretary included in the paper distrihbute for the information of the House an anmony- mons letter. In the meanest borougl council, in the remotest Rechabite tent, or in any court of Oddfellows, an annonymous letter is thrown into the wastepaper baskets The Chief Secretary should have done that with the letter by "Real Justice." °r. Coppin was the only other sleaker. Tihe bill is altogether nnmecessary, in his opinions , td the grievances said to require remedlying ha ve been created by the Chief Secretary r~ a cc kshy to be knocked down again to keep the Government in office. The "one-lar' I-na e will affect society ceriously, because 11 ct 'aracters, good and Iad, will have to eek r efreshments at the same counters,. .fr. Ii rams moved the adjournment of the debate ( says the Argu?), and the House rose at half-p tast lOo'clock. The hat f-yearly meeting of shareholders in th Hors, wam Gas Company will be hehl is he Mechas dies', on Monday, at S p.m. A QADa IL.L Assembly will be hell at green Park, on Tunsdaynext (race night'. onnr exhibitors should bear in minr h?nt entries fa the Horslm Show will clte o-morrow. 