SPOBTIltGTOPZCS. a iok ahead. . ;.ij» Sx " Vigilant." " iffair nerer «« but alwaya to be Ueeaed" U one of ihe first princtples id the creed of the sait£ man, and whether he be backer- or bookznaker, trainer or tout, his looks are steadily directed ahead, and the past is only turned .to as a reference for futnre profit. Fast losses are to the backer only au incentive to additional investments in the future, while the comfortable sensation experienced by the metallidan as" a result of a series of " skin- ners" impels him onward, possibly to 'iortnne, probably to ' a run of remarkable reverses similar to those 'of the past week- at Band- wiok,BosebiU,and Adeloide.Thwe seems toma to be a law of gravitation in raoing affairs, and bb oertaihly as the apple wbloh old Isaac Newton saw fell to the gronnd instead oiMil- fng up'to JBtohwen, no surely will the backer and rink if be plunges indiscriminately, and so assuredly will the pietalliosnriiok in the mire hi the long run if he "mixes the game/' ignores the odas, and plunges against one animal. In betting to figures there is a big percentage in his favour, but let him overlay his book, without being 11 in the know," and sooner or later he must come down, crash 1 Henoe the necessity alike to punters and ring men to "let the dead post bury Its dead, and look to the future to make a zeooveij. a And this peculiar propensity for piueauy lgnoriog %ut» past and looking straight abend is, by-tbe- way, not wholly confined to raring men. Without it, believe me, trade would be at a standstill and speculation a mothered. How ever, the sanguine feeling which impels the gamester to look to the front outs both ways, and is just as often injurious as advantagsbns. I have for years known an otherwise most estimable young individual who, c vestal of the fatal hankering after borce-raoing and hazard, would probably stiok to bis forte for powerfully descriptive writing, and leave the betting book and 44 the box " 'alone, but, like Hioawber, he appears to be always waiting for something — probably the five— to turn up, and though, if be lives long enough, it is bound to come "some day," his condition is ohronic, and may be sum moned up in one word— 44 broke "—this all arising'from a sanguine temperament and a disposition to look ahead. As it was scarcely my intention when commencing this artiole to wander off into an erudite disquisition on the advantages of looking ahead, I will disentangle the thread and get straight on to my subject—' 14 Coming Events "—the most important of whioh is the V.R.C. Grand National Meeting in July next. Books will soon be opened on the Maiden Hurdle Bace, and if "the little bird'1 who generally keeps me posted is chirping aright, Ioeolvent, Sheet Anchor, The Ghost, and perhaps Tom Brown will each start, and will each acquit himself oreditably. Ring wood, Royal Maid, aud most probably Merlin will be candidates for Grand Na tional Hurdle honours, and with Morven aud Criebrook in the G. N. Steeplechase, Dow- ling Forest, will be hard to beat in that event. Looking still further ahead, the V.R.C. Derby Is anything but as open as supporters of New6teud imagine, as, with the pick of Mr. White's lot (which, after all, may not be Monte ChrUtu) fit and well, and Mr.' Robertson's best in the field, the race for j the Victoria, blue riband is Jikfily to excite j a keen contest this year. All sorts of I rumours have reached my ears relative to i Newstead's condition, several Adelaide visitors distinctly asserting that the oolt has grown abnormally fat, and cannot possibly be got ready by October. As I notice the ring take 'no liberties with his name in their betting books, aud there are still sir months in which to prepare bier, these yarns must, I think, be taken with a very big epoonful of saline matter, and tbe two-year-old that beat Malua mtut be re garded with a watchful eye. A sign of tbe times which must not be lost eight of in a preliminary gallop such as I am now indulging in is the visit of the Hon. William Robinson's New Zealand horses— Vanguard, Liverpool, and Manchester— eaoh of whom will, I believe. be entered for our weight-for-age and big handicap raoee. Several of the Adelaide trainers contem- flate settling permanently with us at 'lemisgton, but this, unfortunately, will be counterbalanced by the absence of Messrs. Duncan and Robert Robertson, the first-named having removed his string to Randwick, while the latter gentleman is about to take the Derby colts, Dualop and The Teacher, together with Dirk Hatteraiok and others, to Adelaide, where they will be prepared for their Spring engagements. As I mentioned last week, the v.R.O. pro gramme for 85— '86 is far and away the moat liberal ever framed south of the line, and will naturally combine with other oauⅇ to render tbe ooming season memorable in Australian turf history. I don't know that I can wind up this article 'more fittingly than by. reminding racing men that Monday next is the first of June, and advising them to 41 look ahead." 