John Mliam's Double. A STORY FOUNDED ON FACT. By JOSEPH HATTON. Author of " Clytie," " Gruel London," " Three Recruits," &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter I.—Recalls a Tragic Case op FelodeSe. When John Needhatn's dead body was found on Hampstead Heath the reasons for his suicide were discussed and considered sufficient to account for his death. Having, however, regard to the fact that no complete explana tion could be arrived at as to the disposal of the vast sums of money known to have been in his possession, it was reported both in Ireland and America that the bidy was not his, "but one procured to personate him, while he, during the excitement of the supposed self murder, effected his escape." The newspapers of the time (I have a file of them before me) were full of the tragic story, and a deceased journalist has • included the history of the case in a-record of "The Com-' mercial Crisis of 1857 8." I shall take the liberty of borrowing from his pages the fact of Mr. Needham's rise and fall, supplying from my own notebooks the solution of the mystery with which the famouB financier's death has hitherto been surrounded. In regard to the theory suggested in Ireland and America, the historian says, " Unless the witnesses on the coroner's inquest were perj ured, and the coroner himself was in the conspiracy, thiB hypothesis is altogether impossible. The identity was sworn to by his servant, the medical attendant, and by the coroner himself, who knew him well, for they were members of the House of Commons in the same parlia ment, and sat together on the same side of the House. '' There was also other independent testimony in this direction; and romantic as the idea of a spurious corpse and a successful flight from criminal persecution and public disgrace may be, history records against it the sad sober facts of suicide, death, and burial of one of the most remarkable and clever swindlers of his time." Up to the evening of his death it seems he maintained his high position, his coolness, and not a little of his apparent prosperity, except to a solicitor whose evidence was reluctantly given at the inquest. Nevertheless he had laid out the plan and method of his own death with mathematical care and precision. So much so, indeed, that an advocate inspired by a clever brief might logically have maintained that the systematic attention to details in so painful a business was evidence in favor of the hypothesis that the dead body found on Hampstead Heath was not the body of John Needham, late one of Her, I Majesty's Lords of the Treasury. But this idea^ | of impersonation was not suggested at the time, and so far as the settled history of the case is on record such an explanation is inconsistent with the evidence, and beyond the reason of established fact. It was urged at the inquest, in favor of a verdict of temporary insanity, that John Needham's conduct on the day of the suicide was very strange; and that the method of carrying out his self-murder was not that of a man in his right senses. It appeared that on the day of his death he had gone to a great deal of trouble to clear his house of the ser vants, inventing singular excuses for sending them away, even getting tickets for the opera for them, giving them a supper, saying it was bis birthday, and finally, in the most mys terious fashion, driving his brougham to the spot where he had arranged that his dead body should be discovered. These, it was contended, were not like the actions of a sane man; they_ were fantastic, and in no wise characteristic of the calm, businesslike intellect of Mr. John Needham. On the other hand it was shown that he had up to the last moment conducted his affairs with cool ness and sense; that he had had a serious and important interview with his solicitor ; and that he had written letters imme diately prior to his death which were the letters of a man who thoroughly knew what he was about. A parlormaid in his service had reported to the cook that he was mad, but that was only her ignorant, foolish view of some sudden act of liberality on the part of her master, while the coroner thought his entertainment of the servants as reported rather tended to prove his sanity, for he had evidently not beenaverygenerousemployer in the matter of feasting his dependents, and probably he desired in a manner to make up to them for his neglect, seeing that neither at Christmas, nor Easter, nor at any other time was he in the habit of going out of his way to make the season pleasant at Portland-place, where he had resided ever since he came to London. Complete as was the identity of the body, clear as were the reasons why John Needham should commit suicide, sane as the jury regarded him up to the very moment of his death, there was still an air of mystery about this case, which was heightened by a member of parliament, a day after the inquest, remarking one of those strange coincidences which are among the puzzles of everyday life. Possibly had not the honorable gentleman in question been a spiritualist his letter to The Tinus would have attracted general attention. As it was it only marked the writer do wn as an eccentric person, and so cleverly was this idea woiked that he was turned out of his seat at the next general election as an impractic able, crazy, ghost-seeing spiritualistic dreamer. He had declared in The Times, not as an argu- ' ment in favor of any further investigation, but as an illustration of the truth of the straager things than those that are dreamt of in our philosophy—he had positively asserted that while John Needham was lying dead at Hamp stead he saw him on the railway platform—saw him and spoke to him. A correspondent in reply—who contended that John Needham, " like all suicides and murderers were mad; they could not commit their crimes and be sane" —suggested that the M.P. who saw the gho3t at Liverpool was also "touched in the upper story," and there the matter ended so far as the general public was concerned; but the ■ correspondence started strange and wild sur mises in the minds of the people of Hampstead, led to curious speculations in the smokeroom of Jack Straw's Castle, and gave color to the suggestions already referred to as to the possibility of the corpse not being that of John Needham. Be it the privilege if not the duty of the present writer to raise the curtain upon this strange mystery, the romance of which, he feels sure, will suffer no curtailment of interest from, but will be rather enhanced by the matter-of- fact way in which it is proposed to narrate it, partly, as previously stated, from published history, partly from private notes. The mysteries of London are many; but none of them present more startling or dramatic passages than those which belong to the genuine history of the body found at Hampstead in the summer of 185(1, and regis tered as a case of felo- de-se by the coroner for Middlesex and a sworn jury of responsible • citizens and ratepayers. 