CRICKET. CRICKET CHATTER. Bl JfttLlX It seemed hardlifiesthat a cricket season should have to give tip the ghost on each 4 charming afterooonaa we were favoured with on Saturday laat The atmosphere waa .imply delicious, and the^ky was beautifully Idea Mtd unfleckea by * Binjile cloud. All those who oould mail?*e it.were out of doom to inhale the bracing, fieaUhaomb tit, and to revel In the aunabine, which speedily dissi pated the early morning haze, and caused every body, especially lovers of sport, to tod on the beat oi terms with our ancteol ~ - ^ ..S CkI i fini and ever . welcome friend old ,SoL ; Brt though our knights of the wilk>w m4 eveiy.jeason to be well a&tiafiixi; tfeeveather, it ca&nofc; be laid cases were in favour of the bowlers. At Richmond, where the local men continued their witch against <_RT\ton, there was ft very fafr displav in all department* of the game It will be remembered that mchmonrt had on the lirst day lost nine wickets for 226, and that li. Smart and Carlos were the not outs. These two resumed on Saturday, and Carlos quickly lost Smart, who was flooredI by Richards without a run being addetf to the 226. Richards altogether bowled 1 Zi balls for 56 runs, five maidens, and six wickets. Considering that the pitch was faultless on the firat day, when he securea five wickets, this performance may be set down as a ent>ital one against such sterling batsmen as Richmond numbers in its ranks. In their essay with the bat Carlton m^dea bad start, Kobertson, their stonewaller. bein ] bowled by Sam Morris for a couple. Jie\e ridge, who batted nicely for 7, a'80.f®",,* victim to the right arm of the Sam. Freeman played a very neat and finished game for 22. He jiaB one very effective and prettily-executed oft stroke, and lacks neither hitting capacity nor skill in defence. His display on a bowlers wicket merits the highest praise, for it was excellent in every respect \ oung Ireeman, who is a student at one of the affiliated colleges, will, it is unde^tood, play for the University club next season. He will be a decided loss to Curlton. It was pleasant to Bee our old friend Midwinter wielding the willow once again. He has not fully re covered from his recent illness, and BO it was not expected that he would perform up to his form. N one the less he was shaping very well, and looked like stopping when he was capitally caught by Chessell, who was stationed close to the boundary on the off side. ; The hit was hard, clean, and low, and Mid. observed that it was just like his luck to be caught off so good a stroke. 1 he Carlton wickets fell so rapidly that it aeeinea | SB if thev would be all out for 50 or 60 ; but the advent of A. Drowning to the crease soon worked a great improvement in the record. Though he is a big, strong fellow, and hits in practice with Bonnorian power, his customary style in matches is to potter about and play a game which invariably brings him to grief for next to nothing, ilis friends often advise him to Bmite as he does in practice, but he ignores such advice, and becomes a painful potterer. On this occasion, however, he played liis practice game, and from the start hit out in the most telling fashion. Fives and fours were credited to him, and every hit he made Was clean, vigorous, and true. He went in after the fall of the seventh wicket, ana rattled the runs up at such a rate that when the innings closed for a total of 110, no fewer than 52 of the number were made by him. He kit one ball from the northern wicket very nearly over the outer fence by the railway a magnificent stroke. It is further to he re marked that he was not out, and that for the last quarter of an hour the light was very bad Bobad, indeed, that in nine cases outof ten the umpires would have drawn the stumps when Browning appealed on the subject of light. But in this case the umpires made the Carlton ians play on, and at 20 minutes to 6 they were all out, and Richmond had won by 116 runs. A. Browning was highly compli mented on his excellent exhibition of power ful hitting. G. Browning played fairly well for 11, and Melville deserves a word of praiae for'his similar contribution. Sam Morns took lout wickets tor 31, E. Turner five for 45, and Hosie, who went on when the last man came in, bowled Bix balls for one wicket without a run being scored off him. The fielding was capital in some instances. Eosie, at the wickets, made one excellent catch, and stumped G. Browning off Turner in good style ; but he made two or three bad misses. The new curator of the Richmond ground does his work in a most efficient manner, and the wickets he has prepared bave been spoken of in the highest terms by all visiting teams. The Richmond foot ballers will play on the ground during the winter, and if they show anything like first class form the coffers of the R.C.C. will pro bably be materially benefited. Melbourne wound up the season by de feating St. Kilda on the M.C.C. ground. On the first day St Kilda on a perfect batting wicket made 139, and M.C.C. had lost one wicket for 82, Blackbam 39 not out, and Swift 31 not out These two resumed on Saturday, and Swift was the first to fall. He hit his wicket in the most accommodating manner after adding 16 to his score of the previous week. His runs were well obtained on a difficult wicket Blackhara supple mented his 36 by a capital 32. He nego tiated several excellent overs from Cotter, whose bowling at times cut about in Eost puzzling fashion. Altogether Blackham 8 nings for 71 was a performance quite in keeping with his many fine exhibitions of batting this season. He was very smartly Bud cleverly stumped by Fox off Cotter. When you take Blackham's 71, and Swift's 47 away from the M.C.C. total of 181, you have only 63 runs to divide among the re maining nine men and sundries. Of this 63 .Tennent made 16 in good form, and Lawlor made 10, by no means in his best style. He geemed all abroad to Cotter, who eventually got a 1% - before verdict against the Quondam Ballaratian. Cotter took five wickets for 82, and bowled with good judg jnent throughout M'Culloch took three for 45\. The finding was very fair all round. South Melbourne were victorious over Port Melbourne, whose total of 96 fell short of the Southern score by 81 runs. Those who were instrumental in realising the Port record were dealt with last week, and those who were the principal contributors to the 127 put together by South have now to be mentioned. First of all comes Gibson with 31. As usual, his play was correct and neat and his opponents were very pleased to see him floored by young M'Leod. H. Trott, the Capulet man, who frina figured to great advantage in almostevery match since be donned the red and white. of Che Heatherian clan, baa again to be men tioned in laudatory terms for hia well boropoaed 28. Walters, the leviathan of the Southern team, had to rest content with a modest IS, and J. Minchin totted up a dozen in his usual style. J, Slight and Smith ob tained 11 each by genmne cricket The feature of the day's play was the fine bowling of M'Leod, who sent down 93 balls for 14 rqns, 7 maidens, and 5 wickets. The young Port Melbournian has reason to be proud of jsnch a splendid record. Armstrong took four .rickets for 94. ? At Sandhurst, on Saturday, the Bendigo United fellows met fifteen from the Strath fieldBaye, Axedale, and Whroo on the B.U.C.C. ground. Back Creek. The fifteen made only-81, to which Kronke contributed |j(8, Russell 12, and Pascoe 10. W. Camp bell , reoently of Jolimont, played for his old comrades of Sandhurst, and secured six of the combined fifteen for 29 runs. Maualick tookthree for 10, W. Beswick three lor 16, and Wi Harrf twoforlS. Bendigo United, bat ^'" ^en ahort, sooted 270,ot which riemde 77 in bir best form. G. ?rifch meucUi jpnt together 66 (not *" tlasa f orm. A. Mackay batted Hipgrave took five of the seven wickets for 70. In a cup match at Hobart, V. Harris, play ing for the Wellington against Derwent. made the fine score of 101 by a masterly and finished exhibition of batting. There was some small scoring in a recent match in Tasmania. Brockley played Woods dale, and the former scored 22 and 52 against 44 and 22 renlised by Woodsdale, whose representatives had to travel 20 miles to play the match. For the second of Richmond against the second of Carlton, Mullett, a very good all round man, secured six wickets for 19, three of them falling to him in consecutive balls. Carlton scored 109 and 33 against 81 and 31 for two wickets recorded by Richmond. A member of the Melbourne club informs me that Mr. M. K. M'Kenzie, of Reedy Creek Station, in making up an Easter party this year and last year, specially invited some cricketers to his station to play against the Broadford club, so as to encourage its mem bers in cultivating the game. In the match this Easter the visitors made 90 and 45 for nine wickets. H. Taylor (M.C.C.), W. Campbell (E.M.C.C.), and. J. Bruce (E.M.C.C.) were the principal performers. Broadford made 67, to which a player whose name is not mentioned contri buted 27 in first rate style. Ross and Lloyd bowled well for Broadford, whose fielding was also very good. Mr. M'Kenzie goes to a lot of trouble in entertaining bis cricketing guests at luncheons, picnics, drives, horse riding, dances, &c.;, ana during the match he provides a first-class luncheon for both teams at the leading hotel in the town. Mr. M'Kenzie does all this for the good of cricket, and the especial purpose of promoting the interests of the game in Broadford. My informant states that the Broadford fellows would do anything for Mr. M'Kenzie, and so indeed they should, for it seldom happens that any gentleman will devote bis time, attention, and money as Mr. M'Kenzie aoes to en courage the development of local cricketing talent I may add that all the visitors have very pleasant memories of their trio, and of the many acts of hospitality and kindness shown them by Mr. M Kenzie. 