john needham s double : A Btobt Founded on Fact, BT JOSEPH HATTON, Anther of "Olytie,''. "Oniel Lundon," "Three xtesnUs." Sea. > OHAPTEB XII. — A Bundle of Lettebs and Telegbams, . wmcn ' bbings this Tragic Stoby to an End; From Joseph Norbury," Liverpool, to Miss Kate . , Norbury. Wvednle. " Arrived hero safe and well— much better than when left home. Go on board Ocean Queen fiwt thing, in the .morning.,, God bless you. Hope. Aunt Borothy is quite well. Best love." "Love and congratulations ou your improved health, Fair weather, a pleasant voyage, and a quick and safe return. Aunt Borothy joins with me and Bick in best;wisbcs and God-speed.',' From Joseph Norbury to Kate Norbury, " Good-bye my dear sister, just off on tbo tug to OceanQueen, will write from Now York, write to me at New York Hotel, best' love to all." These three telegrams demonstrate tbe com pleteness of Jobn Needham'a escape, and the safe beginning of his new caretr , in the assumed cburacter of Joseph Norbury. Monday's news papers, however, bad a great shock -for Kate Nor- bnry in tho report of John , Necdham's suicide, Tbis was the one acquaintance Joe had made in London, and they wore so much alike in appear ance that hc bad written and described tho odd circumstances of their meeting. The affair disturbed Kate a good deal ; but Aunt Borothy calmed her with affectionate advico and wise comments upon tho proverb that truth is stranger than fiction. On Tuesday night, howeyer, when Kate read that Mr Green, M.P., had seen John Necdbam on the platform of the Liverpool Bail- way Station, a strange sense of fear and alarm took possession of her, and tho following telegram passed between her and Bick. From Miss Norbury to Bichard Woodville, Manchester." "Please como to Wyedaluntonce, Aunt Dorothy and myself are anxiouB to confer with you on an important matter." . , From Bicbord Woodville to Miss Norbury, " I shall catch tbe mail and be with yoa before eleven." - . From Bichard Woodville to Horace Wood, of ' : Wyedale, at the Cottage, Bichmond Bridge. ' " At what hour did you Bee Mr Joseph Norbury on taturday, and when did you leave him 7 f lease reply at once." ' Wood to Woodville, "Dined with him at bix, New Hnmmnm's Hotel ; left him at nine ; why do yoa ask 7" Woodville to Wood. v "Did lie'mention Needham to you In your con versation, and do yon know where he went after dinner? And if you do not, 'please go to the hotel and telegraph, at once the hour he went out, when he returned, And. what ho did, Kate is dis turbed for some relson abont him." Wood, New Hnmmum's Hotel, London, to Woodville, Wyedale, "Am Btaying here to-night ; return to-morrow. Joseph did not mention Needham to me. The porter Bays he went out at about 9 o'clock, smoking a cigar, that he returned at about half- past 1, said he hod been in the country, and had ! lost the local train, ; seemed in good spirits, was ' called in the morning at 7, bad breakfast, paid his .bill, and left by 10 train for Liverpool." Woodville to Wood. " Bon't -come down ; I will come up— wait for me," ...... Dick arrived in London on Wednesday night, read the evidence given at tho opening of the inquest, conferred with Lawyer Wood, talked , with the porter, and on the next day ossed per mission to see the body of tho suicide. The shell had been screwed down, but through the infiuence of Mr Wood the coroner gave the necessary order . to remove the lid; Decomposition had set in, bat the face had not much changed, and Wood ville was shocked at this resemblance to his friend, Later in the 'day he had an interview with Mr Wilfred Green,, the -member for Harwood, who stated that the gentleman he met at Liverpool I said he was Joseph Norbury. . From Bichard Woodville, New Hummum's, Lon- ' ' don, to Misa Norbnry,, Wyedale. "My Dear Kate, —I have doire as yon' desired in all things, and come to the oonolusion tbat our dear Joe is all right . The . coincidences which have made such an impression; upon you would have only amused. you had not this. miserable man committed suicide. . It was the shock ot his death coming upon'Joe's of him that set you thinking of -the tragic: possibilities you have imagined, - Then that old' fool- Green (bis con- . stituents were Green when .they elected him) not , taking the trouble in bis letter to. the ".Times to : say tbat the stranger gave his name, and -that it ..was Norbury ; he did not do this because he ' wanted to make out that he had really : seen- a t-'ghoatr-the idiot; but' hoWfh'at he has -/been' chaffed, and people say the wholo! tblng'was an 1 . invention, be is very glad to have it shown that he really did see somebody; and tbat the stranger ..was very much like Needham. A pompous old . ass, this; Green, with a great wide straggling fore-' \- head; goggle eyes, and a very self-assertive manner. \- I can' quite understand Joo snubbing him— it was ' juBt:like'JoB to.do/so. - ; - " The adjourned inquest takes placo to-morrow, hut .there/are no new facts,/ - The body was fully identified, and there does not. seem to me a single suggestion;: my dear Kate, to bear out' your alarm ing fancy that Needham had killed our dear Joe j and escaped in his clothes, etc, My dear child, it is only a bad.dream. .1 saw the body this morning. ' It startled me for a; moment, it was like him but stouter and taller; and— well thank God it wee;.' not- our dear, ..great-hearted' Joe, "i Further- 1 more I found at the hotel that Joe. had left some money in charge of the landlady ;ithat part of his luggage was in the baggage-room, and that when he paid his bill he forgot none ot these things- 1 JOu exoluslvu Ilgbt ot poolloaaoa in tiuw euwn W-ltij has been parcteied By toe proprietors ol tbo " Deity Tels- gropb." | rled forthe'timir to think ..myself a ..detective' ; acting, npon' V information he had received," and : followlng up your theory ;: but it would not work; thank' goodness, and. Wood, who , leaves to-night, will toll you so and give' yod the.1 comfort of our united opinions to tnie, effect. Besides, as I said before, Joe's telegram from Liverpool, mentioning ; Aunt Dorothy shows .that! howss not Needham: or Needhain's ghost ; in masquerade.' No, not i my . darling .Hate, you are not well, Joe's going, har troubled you, the shock of this man's death,;: fol lowing as I have said before on Joe's genial : men-, tion of him ; . and the .'sensational novels you bavo been reading lately ; thesis athe causes of your morbid thoughts. ; Forgive me for saying morbid.' The truth is you are lonely and fanciful ; so, also, am I ; and th'e bcst' thihgfor both of ns is to get married. What do 'yon say now to this proposal— a honeymoon tilp to New York I Won't that benefit you 7 , ; Then you can tell Joe yourself what a dear . silly goose you nre, and what a wildgooso chase yoa sent mo on to this . great, bnsy, God-forsaken city, wheq I would have much preferred a day's' fishing. in the Wye, -a ramble with you, and rn evening's whist with Aunt Borothy at double dummy. Well, Bhall it be as 1 suggest, and toNew York for our honeymoon 7 . " Your devoted and ever affectionate, A " DICK," . ! Thereupon, followed in quick succession the following, telegrams - . From Miss Norbury to Bichard Woodville,. . " Y'es." . - , , t. i | From Bichard Woodville to Miss Norbury, : ; ' Do you really mean it?" : From MissNorbury to Bichard Woodville, . : V I never waa more in earnest. Wait for.letter which I am now writing, and then come to Wye- - dole with all speed." . From Bichard Woodville to Miss Norbury. "X wait impatiently, and I write meanwhile, so that our letters will cross,' ' " My dearest Kate,— Your telegram fills me with alarm and with joy, and I should not be tho honest Bick I hope I am if 1 did not say that joy is in the ascendant. We shall bo two happy people, because we can make sacrifices for each other. . Our love' has nothing of selfishness in It, and while we have postponed oar marriage for the sake of others, we are now,- it seems, to hutry. it on because we both love our dear Joe, and you are miserable in his absence. Well, so am I, so far as it is possible for a man to ho miserable under the circumstances. You havo got .some strange fancy into your dear, little head about Joe, - and will not be satisfied without following him to New York, 1 take you at yonr word, and shall write to /Man- . Chester by thia post to fix my vacation, and - 1 am glad to say my- partners can well afford to let me go. . Business has prospered with us, and the future is even more hopeful than our most san guine expectations. t)o, ewoet Kate, - my dear love and friend, we . will become . Mr and Mrs Bichard Woodville as quick as the law and tho church will let us, nnd then 'Hail Columbia.' The hours are weeks until 1 got your letter in tbe morning, my dear, dear Kate, . Love to Annt Dorothy, and a heap of kisses for you— one of which you can transfer to 'A.D., hut only one, ' "Yonr own, DlOK." " My dear, kind Dick,— Our dear Joe is flood, I am sure of it— dead, and buried in that gravo in . Kensal Green. Don't- think no mid, Aunt Borothy says I am ; she is very good to me. Br Waro says tbe nova ; of Mr Necdham's death, coming upon Joe'B' letter . describing their meet ing, hss upset my nerveB, - Lawyer Wood has put .the affair in what he calls its legal and logical Bhape, and laughs at me 1 But, oh I Bick,: there is on instinct that is above logic, a pain that is beyond medicine. My heart knowsits ownsorrow, and my heart mourns for our dear Joe. He is dead, nnd that man Needham has gone to New- York in his place. ' Mr Green may nave a name ' that suggests ridicule, and a belief in supernatural things that scornS foolish, But I have seen Joe since he left ns, snd he was standing by tho white column in the church-yard. 1 Baid nothing of this until I-rcad Mr Green's letter in the " Tim s," and- then my heart, and sou1, nnd mind, all my being, were filled with the revelation 'of Joo's death, It was on Saturday night. - You had just airiv'ed by. tho mail from Manchester. The clock was striking ten. It was a lovely might, There was a beautiful moon. 1 looked ont of tho window to' blow a kiss in .my fancy far .away to Joe, when tho moonbeams seemed to Btrike a halo aoout that whito colnmn in the chnrchvard, and though It is a quarter of a mile away,l distinctly saw Joe standing there, He was in evening dress, and bo looked towards me and then turned sadly away. Whilst 1 gazed transfixed, a cloud passed over the moon; and churchyard, column, the sad vision; and all vanished away. Don't you remember that I was sdd all the night 7 Bon't you remember that Aunt Borothy gave me hersmcllingsalts,and that sho was very angry because I revoked at whist. Don't you remember that yon said I looked pale and ill the next day at church, and that you put it down to poor Mr Lake's sermon, ' Your cheer ing words, Aunt Dorothy's kindness, helped me to begin to, forget what I bad seen or fancied, and Joo's tclegramB on Monday quite cured me until night, when the death of Needham shocked me, and the letter of that member of Parliament in the 'Times' on Tuesday drovcmo crazy, I recalled the vision of Saturday night, andmy heart seemed to cry out 1 he is dead, your brother is murdered, the WTOfohed men who war like him has poisoned him I' I could not shake it off ; I cannot now, even after your letter and assurances, nnd the evi dence at tbe Inquest, the identity, of the letters, everything, 1 am a woman and not logical ; I am a woman and don't ask me to reason, 1 love him ; I ask my heart does hellve 7 The answer is, -No 1' 1 go into hiB room, I touch his coat, I look at bis picture— docs ho live 7. 1 ask. No 1 His dogs go whining about the place, tbe summer wind moaus in tbe trees, my pigeons come and nestle upon me as if they knew and were sorry. Two of tho roses on the grave where Joe's heart was burled with hers bo loved so (and I loved her dearly as i could love and did love everything he loved), two of his favourite rose trees are dying, and I never saw so red and angry a sunset as that of last night. Now dearest Bick, coute back to Wyedalo and takn me to New York. That is if yo- care to have so for lorn a companion. I have told yoa all Ifeel, and fear, nnd dread ; bnt I am still the business-like little woman you say you admire, and mean to be very shrewd and business likb, and cither to find Joe nllvo on the other Bide tho sea or to track the murderer down, So if this U the sort of woman you care to motry, go to Boctors's C.inmuns,get. the license, biing it and my things are packed for oar journey. And, oh I if God should be so good ns to spare us tbis awful calamity, if bo ahould re verse it as He can, if that vision and ail the rest should be nothing but 'a little disorder and an overwrought facuy,' as Aunt Dorothy says, then, ' dear Bick, my best friend, what a happy, happy world it will be I Oome to your wretched, (loving "Kate," We gather from the next letter in the bundle: that Dick did procure tbe license, that the couple were married, and that they sailed- ae speedily as circumstances wouldpennit for tbe New World. From Bichard , Woodville to Mrs Dorothy, .Norbury. : "New York Hotel, New York Oity, U.S. " My dear friend, - " We have just arrived, after astormy pasv sage, and I write to advise you of - this, according to promise, but I. can -do little -more at present . than to give yon this information,' Kate did not . suffer from inal de mer ; it turned out that I war the wont sailor of > the 'two, If we should only find that. all is well we shall have a very - happy time;" I need not tell-you that Kate is the dearest, sweetest girl in the 'world./: -Yon know that ; Wye- daleknows it ; everybody -knows it, ' The sea air and tbeohange ; have done her good, - Sometimes during the' voyage-she 'seemed to forget all the gloomy -forebodings.-' Sbe made friends with a moBt agreeable American family living in the Fifth Avenue— father, mother, two' daughters, and a son very nice young'peoplo all of them, father and . mother as youngas the rest; and they havelnvited us to dinner, - The' weather ie exceedingly bet, and New York is almost- like a Continental city, 1 think we shall like the Americans, which will be quito ih keeping'with my'.business' experience of them gained in Manchester, though I kno w you are prejudiced on account of the slave business, but every nation 'has its peculiar institutions, and after all we English endowed the States with' this one, to which you and 'all of us now so muoh object, It is like me, you- will say, to leave ' what may seem the bad news of ihy letter to the last. Joe Is not bore, and now I am sorry Kate did not let me write a mail ahead of us to say wo were coming, He left a 'week ago, for the West they \- think, or for one of the snmmerreBorts, the' hotel people don't know which. They believe he went West, as he made some enquiries as to the zoute to hicaco, and talked of going back to, England by ! way of 8 an Francisco and Japan, which means ' a , tremendous . journey; and., a dangcrons one, acrosB.the- Plains. Kate hears hp well'.under: this hews, which unlets it is explained .tomorrow by the lawyers in re tho Norbury property business, is rather extraordinary.- T. wish., we had' Written to him : that sufficient for toe day.'- The , best news is that we have arrived safe and well.; Kate fsr. better .than when we sailed ; that this', hotel Bcems.very ; comfortable, tbe people civil ; and let ns hope that Kate's strange and cartons ; fancies will be dlrsipated to-morrow, It'' there is time to put a postscript ..to this letter before the , mail goes in toe morning, I shall add it with toe latest hews of Joe . that can be ' got, With oar -' united loves, I am your true and affectionate, - : i - . " DICK." "P.S. Just, time to say have seen the lawyers;: they, had written to .Kate a week ago, and Ten-' . close a copy of their letter.! ' . (TO BE , CONTINUED.) . 