Correspondence. {"From our own Correspondents.) Petersburg, Dec. 2. A military concert was held here on Friday, 27tn Nov., in aid of the Terowie R. V. F. funds which on account of a local entertainment to be held on 1st Dec. was rather poorly patronized The Terowie Christy Minstrels journeyed across in the afternoon, .and gave the first part of the programme creditably. Mr. H. Sims as Tambo and Mr. 12. S. Gray as Bones succeeded in pleasing the audience. Credit is due to Mr. Sims for the trouble he has taken in forming a christy ring in Terowie and his absence will seriously affect them. After the interval the second part, which was musical, was carried out fairly well, concluding with the farce " Gran jnudder's Ghost," the characters being taken by Messrs. Francis Jas. and John Inglisand Hodgetts, after which Capt. Bleechmore made a few remarks saying he was sorry that the entertainment's clashed with one another, but he could not alter the dute as the printing had been doBe, It seemed a pity that the entertain ment was pot patronized better it being put off •two ,or fhree times previously on account of the hall being engaged. The "Ruby Party" appeared for the first time before a Petersburg audience on Tuesday, Dec. 19th and were a decided .success the proceeds were in aid of the Peters burg Show fund, which will he greatly benefited by last nights entertainment the hall being full. The musical selections by Messrs. Lilly white J. Forgan and W, Forgan were very good. Mr. W. Forgan in his singing fairly brought the house down, being encored after each song. Mr. J. T. Short in his song "Dr. Quack" was also encored, his make up being splended Mr. E, Rudland as an amuteur in Ventriloquism is not to be beaten he succeeded in all his efforts in thoroughly pleasing the audience, too much praise cannot be given him for the trouble and time he has spared in connection with this entertainment, and it must be gratifying for him to know that his various efforts were thoroughly appreciated. After the entertainment dancing was kept up until the small hours to the pleasing strams of a piano, volin and cornets. 