DCPQQL sxAutitAmw. MODEL PUBLIC SCHOOL. Th. moat enjojraoi. ua.v ot the year to tha jQttpg Mlea a$tM$Dg t|ie Mwtol , ppMlo . , < School) Foi-ttfc.t) is itn&mbtallr; that 'an- which tb«f giv» clmir ctcmuUexhlbitioBof thair . educational progress. JLUie pshiijitiop WM hm it> tbo gifls' 4cpartu)?nt of the school y«at«n1»y afternoon. Extensive preparations had been mad. fpr the event. The pupils were tastefully attired - and the schoolroom was beautified wjth th? '.» usual forpis of decoration. £ larg. 'nqpiher of >: the pupils' parents attended the exhibition. The performance preceding the exhibition of needjework was inaugurated by a chorus which - was excellent )y sung, as WW the OhristipM Carol which followed, the solos introduced .by two young ladies being particularly well given. With a temporary stage without scenery or the inevitable mechanical effects, a drama in threo actej' entitled'" 'School for Laughters," was ye; presented, i.u niaoy rMpects if ivas .succes.fnl, q jred pleasurable to tbe audieuce. It was in every way so to the performers and their school companions, who watched its progrej. with rivettcd attention.' The drama mps| haye been persistently rehearsed, ps . every performer knew her l»rt ' to the word, A ghost was introduced in this drama, obviously for tho special delight of the audience, the youthful ' portion of which yelled iu ecstasy. Miss May Lane displayed so mucli dramatic w talent ig her ' artistic representation pf th. heroine of the play that she way he regarded- as the star of the company. Next in importance was jtlies Louisa Cox, who well enacted the part of an elderly matrpn. Between the acts pf - the draina several choruses and solos were supg by tig! pupils huder tfie direction of UerrA)pan. The'singing was the distinguishing feature of the whole performance, the chorus being sang in unison and good time, while the pn'rt- singing \ demonstrated that the best voices ; had beeq selected for the solos, which, wliilo miiiicieht to show the quality and compass of the voipes, did not in point of length or otherwise strain the vocal powers of the young singers. A very handsome and valuable col lection of book prizes was presented po "Uo- pupils who had excelled in the various branches of school education during the year. At the " eonclnsiou of this part of tlio pro; gramme, which wa3 rather protracted from the great number of prizp-winiiers, Mr. Mel; : viiJo,'iI.P., addressed the jfupihi, compliinentipg them on their bright aiid happy appearance and "congratulating them upon the ability of tha teachers, us manifested in tho all-round pro- licieucv of tho school, lio called for cheers for Mrs. AlUugiiam and her principal assistants. These werp heartily accorded, whereupon sgrc; ral qi the pupils themselves iepllpd tor. cheers for Herr Alpon aud Lieutenant Mul- bolland, tu which proposul thu pupils onthu-' siasticaiiy responded. The chairman (Mr. , Forbes), one of flip examiners, having boen similarly honored, the audience adjourned to auother part of the school, where the nee(l|o and other art work of the pupils was ex hibited. It was admittedly one of the best' displays ever given in connection with tbo sellout, evidencing that the Model Public School is still worthy of its name. To-da.v tbo younger pupils will receive their prizes, and afterwards the school will break up for tbe Christmas and Now Year holidays. 