Ifleut Food for Nci'vons People* Pome la Road for nervous persona, but is not easily digested. Wild game ia excellent. Fiah la Rood for nervous people, Egg3 boiled just enough to harden tbo wbito aro easily digested. It is a mistake about people cfttiug too much. The majority do not eat enough. Nervous dyspepsia cornea from working too hard and not eating enough, When a man begins to Buffer from overwork ha shoald eat plenty oE good bread and butter, drink two qnarts of milk a day, and eat plenty ot good .meat. Whan BUOU a poreon resortd to a 'vfgatabl&diet; ho grows woakei and loses hia nerve power. Ax a meeting of tho Anihropalogieal Insti tute, Mr. Jiituea G, Fraaer rend o paper on "Certain Lurial CuHoma, aa iiluatrativo of tho Primitive Theory of th.o Haul." The Romfina had a ouatora that when a man who hud been reported to have died abroad 'ra« turned homo alive, ho ohould enter hia hoiisfl, not by tha door, but over tho roaf. Thia cnatotn (which ia Btill observed in Persia) owed it3 origin to certain primitive beliefs and cuatouia with regard to tho dead.' The ghoat of an unburied man waa supposed to haunt and inolcEt tho living, eapeoially Ilia rclativoa. Hcneo tho importance attached to (he burial of tha dead, and various precautions) wcro taken that tho ghost should not roturn. When tho body of a dead man could not bo found, ho waa buiisd. in cfligy, and thia fictitious burial waa held to ba suflhioiU to lay tho wanderiug ghost, for it in a principle of primitive thought that \Vbat ia dono to tbo effigy of a man ia (lone to tho man himself. The Director read a paptr by Admiral F. 8, Tremlett, on tho " Houlptured pjl.'ocnaof tho Morbihan" ^North-weefc Franco.) About ,80 i-eulpturea had been found, invariably on tho inteiior surfacea of the cap-atones and their supports. It ia remarkable that thay are con fined within a distance of about 1.2 milea,&nd; nro all situated near tho eea eoaat, beyond whioh, although the mcgrilitha are numerous, there ia a completo absence of eculpturea. Tho eculpturea vary in intricacy, from 8implo wave-linea and oup-marldnga, to soma that liavo beon compared to the tattooiiiK of the Now 2eaIftuawB, -K nowMyo, 