SPORTING. "?Y CEN cTAUR. The Geelong meeting took place last week, rud as usual was patronised by very few Goelong people. The Melbourne folk mustered in force both days, and made that usually quiet spot pretty lively. The fields were amall and the racing fair. The big event of the meeting was won by that consistent mare, Camerine, Sir. W. J. Clarke's horse Athenian running second, with the favorite third. The Hlandicap on Saturday was won by that' game little horse Acolyte, who must have won by this time a small fortune for his, lucky owner. This horse should have a great show in the Australian Cup, as he is gifted *ith pace, and I am sure possesses staying powers. The other events of the meeting do not call for special mlention. Next Saturday thesiAmateur Turf Club hold another of their pleasant omeetings.' With fine weather I have no doubt: ehere. will be arlarge attendance: My predictidons ore :-For Novel Selling Race, Stonebroke; with Anagram and Honora next best. The hurdles I fancy Belle Brandon, Con nundrum and Old Soul, and for Steeple, Argus Girl, Struggler, and Mystery.' For the Hawksburn Handicap, .Camerine, Middlemarch, and Grace Darling; look best, and St. Valentines Handicap ought to be won by Anarchyl Berkley, or Nuncio. For Selling Steeplechase I fancy Deceiver, Struggler, and Fame. The first payment for the Australian Clip and Newmarket, took place on Mon day, the next will not be until 20th inst when those not declaring, will be liable for the total amount of sweepetake..' The first genuine commission for the Autumn meeting came into tho'ma~rket on Monday, a well-kiiowvn owner of rce horses:backiog Sir Garhet fo6r Newmarket Handicap to the 'tune ' of '£20,000, also coupling him. with 'Le. Grand to win the double, Cup and Newmarket for £12,000; and a little money has also gone on to Coningsby and The Ghost, the Australian Cup has not been touched ex cept in doubles. The Hobart Cup will berun for 'on the. 11th inst., Coriolanus or Mozart should finish the winner. .General entries for '.1RC. Autumn meeting must be made before 4 o clock, Thursday, 12th February, at office.of Secretary, weights will appear onor before. Monday the 16th inst. 