Tlae Eun on Haverlcy Wold, By INA L. CASSILIS, Author cf "Society's Queen," "Strangely Wooed Strangely Won," &c.; Chapter I.—The Guest or the Chimes. A Yorkshire moor, a blinding fall of snow, and a dark night are not conditions any one would voluntarily select as con ducive to the enjoyment of the Christmas season ; yet, on a certain 23rd of Decem ber, a few years ago, all those conditions fell to the lot of a traveller who, mounted on a handsome chesnut horse, wa3 pro ceeding slowly along an almost obliterated path. The rider was a man of seven or eight and twenty, tall, and sat his horse like one brought up to the saddle ; a military cloak was flung around him, the collar drawn high as a protection against the cold wind that swept over the waste of snow, and his slouched hat was set low on his brow; but a pair of very bright blue eyes strove to pierce the veil of snow in search of a light, and ever and anon kept watch on the path, which every moment grew less distinguishable. 'By Jove!' he muttered presently, brushing the snow from the fair moustache that shaded a handsome mouth, ' things are beginning to look queer. They told me I should pass a roadside finger -poit, and I have not passed one yet, and that was to be my guide to the inn — The Chimes—which I should not be sorry to reach. I greatly prefer campaigning in India to this sort of thing.' Almost as the words left his lips, his quick eye caught sight of some object a little way ahead, that flashed for a moment through the Bnow and gloom, and disappeared again ; but the young officer—for such he seemed—urged his horse forward, and his heart rose up with rent wed hope. Surely that object was the finger-post. Another moment proved his conjecture to be correct. There, like a pale, thin ghost, stood the finger-post, stietcliing^out its battered arms to right and left. Lifting himself in the stirrups, the traveller read on the one arm, ' To Todmore and Foxley ;' on the other, ' To Hildon and Bicklemere.' The latter was the road he had been told to take, and he turned his horse into what had become little better than a track, but still, especially to military eyes, clear enough to be safe. In another half-hour the traveller be held a light glimmering through the dark ness, and presently, bending forwards, he could discern the outlines of a low, stragglinglmildlBg, wEich stood tf little^ back from the road, and seemed to be completely isolated. But late as it was, eleven o'clock, there were evidently people astir, for as the traveller came in front of the building he saw a ruddy blaze of light in the parlor window, and heard a sound of gruff voices from within. A covered waggon, from which the horses had been taken out, standing near the roadside, afforded a clue to the welcome sounds, which at least promised a fire. The traveller rode up to the door, and springing to the ground rapped with his riding whip. Almost immediately the door was opened, and a tall, powerful Yorkshireman, with a lantern in his hand, presented himself. 'I suppose,' said the stranger, shaking the snow from his cloak, 4 one can have a supper and a night's lodging here ?' ' Where else, sir V returned the burly landlord. ' Walk in, sir. Jos, see to the gentleman's horse.' A clumpish - looking lad _ made his appearance, but the traveller insisted on going round himself to the stable, and seeing that hiB horse was well housed and groomed and supplied with provender be fore lie art ended to himself. Mine host was waiting at the door when he returned. 4 Fond of your horse, sir ?' said he smiling. 'I am a soldier, friend, and always take care of my horse first of all.' 4 A soldier ! Ah, indeed, sir. Come in. Your supper will Boon be ready. Awful night, isn't it ? Did you come from Overburn ?' 4 Y es, from the station. I am on my way to Hildon, and I was directed to this place for a night's lodging.' 4 Couldn't come to a better, sir, though I says it.' As he spoke he opened the door into the chief or, a3 it appeared, only public room of the inn, which was floored with tiles and roughly furnished, but a huge fire blazed on the hearth, and in the chimney corner sat a red-faced carter, in a coarse smock-frock. This individual crew his pipe from his mouth, and stared hard at the newcomer, but did not offer to rise, and the stranger, who, soldier-like, was evidently accus tomed to make himself at home under any circumstances, threw off his cloak and hat, and advanced to the fire with a courteous, half-careless, 4 Good evening, friend. A fine night for travellers, eh ?" To which remark the carter responded by a grunt, and continued to stare. The new arrival was certainly not of the clasa to which the guests at the Chimes were ac customed. He was a tall, aristocratic-look ing man, whose air, speech,and clothes be spoke tho Londoner ; a handsome man, too, with that blending of power and gentleness in expression which wins alike the trust and respect of men and women. Although his hair and moustache were of a sunny tint, his complexion was deeply bronzed, nor had the delicately-made hands he held for a moment before the blaze escaped the effect of tropical suns. On the third finger of the left hand flashed a rose diamond of great price and beauty, which it did not seem to occur to the young man he would have done wisely to remove. 4 Ilow far is it to Hildon V he asked, making another attempt at conversation, 4 Blatter o' twelve mile.' 4 Along tins road ?' 4 Noa, cross-cut. Eben '11 show yer th road.' 4 Eben,' probably an abbreviation of 4Ebenezer,' was evidently mine host, who at that moment returned, announcing that his niece would bring in the supper directly, and he seated himself before the fire with a jolly smile on his round, good natured face. 4 You were bold, sir,' he began, 4 to attempt Eaverley Wold such a night as this.' 41 hadn't much choice, mine host. I am on my way to Hildon, and I am due some time to-morrow. When I reached Gverburn I found the train could get no farther ; the line was blocked, and likely to remain so till Heaven knows when; but they told me X could ride across the moor, so I had out my horse, and resolved to try the experiment.' 4 Ah, sir, I see—youiig lady up at Eildon, eh f 4Nay,' said the other, laughing, 'I hav'n't yet found that young lady.' 4 Hav'n't you ? Well, it's not for want of good looks to take the women's fancy. It's the manor peopk you're going to see, I take it?' 4Jt is.' 4 Well, sir, I hope you'll have a merry Christmas. It isn't very merry Christ mases we get here, for there isn't a house within eight or nine miles every way, and so you may imagine it's dull.' 4 Dull, 1 could not live such a life. How does your niece like it f 4 Well, not much, I suppose ; but she's not my niece, you know, sir, though I call her so. She's a lady—true as true, sir. Eer father was an artist—name of Brandon—come here with her one such night as this, and she was ju3t a baby. Bis had been a runaway match, he told me ; his wife was a great lady, and that was all I knew. Be died quite sudden in the night and left the little one ; so what could I do ? I couldn't find out who she belonged to, so I just kept her here. Hist! sir, here she is." After hearing this romantic story, the young man naturally turned to look with considerable curiosity on the damsel who now entered, bearing a tray, and his start of wonder and admiration must be for given him. He beheld a girl of about seventeen, tall and slender, clothed in a scarlet petticoat, with a blue handkerchief fastened picturesquely across her bosom. A quantity of dark hair clustered over a small nobly posed head ; her face was a pure oval, her complexion clear and pale, her features delicately cut, her eyes large, dark, lustrous, and shaded by very long lashes. Altogether the girl was remark ably beautiful, aud looked about as un fitted for the coarse mean life to which she was doomed as it was possible to imagine. To judge superfically by her face, she seemed to have acquired a sullen proud indifference to her fate. She > scarcely looked up as she came in ; she set down the tray and began laying the supper as if the room was empty, save for herself, and when her task was done sha said quietly, 'Supper is ready, sir,'and went and sat down apart, drawing some work from her pocket and plying her needle quickly and silently. Her voice was sweet and low— the voice of a lady, but without brightness; it sounded as her face looked—as though laughter were unknown and happiness no more than a word. The young officer could hardly take his eyes off the girl, who never raised her own, or took any part in what followed, 'Baika's a queer 'un,' said the host, jerking his thumb towards her, 4 but a good girl, sir—never complains ; queer name, too, isn't it ? That was the name on her clothes plain enough, so we kept it.' 4 It is a foreign name,' said the young man carelessly, not wishing to talk about the girl before her face. 4 Do you like cigars, Mr. ? I beg your pardon.' 4 Oh, Shelton's my name, sir—Ebenezer F helton ; but, bless you, they call me Eben. Cigar, sir? Thanky ; well, I'll try one, though I don't remember I ever smoked one before.' It was a very dainty case the officer pushed towards him, and bore en graved on it the name and status of its owner—4 Captain Grahame Errington, —th Hussars.' 4 That your name, sir ?' said mine host, reading the superscription. 4 That is my name.' 4 Captain Errington? All right. Thanky Bir, much obliged.' 4Eben,' said the saturnine carter, 4 wasn't it to-night last year that traveller from York fell over into the tarn ?' 4 No, no,' said mine host, settling him self in the chimney corner as he spoke, ana ttrburly form almost disappeared in the gloom, ' that wa3 on Christmas Eve. A dreadful thing, Captain Errington. lie had come here for the night, that gentleman, and the next day he would go on. Well, I went with him to pnt him in the right way, as far as a finger-post yonder that showed him ; and he must have taken the wrong way after all, for his body was found nearly a month later in Banersley Tarn. He'd fallen in. You see, you can't tell the tarn is there till you fall into it—not in snow time; the ground all looks so fair. There's more than one has lost his life there.' 'I must beware of it,' said Captain Errington, laughing. Oh, Bir, you couldn't mistake if you were careful. I'll show you the way all right.' ' You are too kind.' The young man rose from the table, and Eaika rose too, and went to fetch him a candle. 'What time will you be called, sir? she said, returning and giving him the lamp. ' I am a soldier, Eaika,' said he, smiling; 'I always wake early, thanks.' ' Very well, sir. Good-night.' 'Good-night, Eaika.' She looked up for a moment, but her eyes fell and a light color crossed her cheek as she met Captain Errington's gaze. Eo doubt she had been admired often and boldly enough, but had pro bably never encountered admiration so blended with reverence and pity; nor is it likely that she had ever before been spoken to by any one belonging to the class to which her birthright entitled her, and her heart beat with a new and be wildering sensation as she turned away and sought her own little chamber. Per haps that poor heart, struggling ever like a caged bird, would have beaten faster yet had she known that the handsome officer's thoughts were so entirely absorbed by her that he did not sleep for hours, and quite forgot to wonder how Ebenezer fchelton made a living out of innkeepingin the midst of a Yorkshire wold, where his takings could hardly amount to £20 a year. 