ECHOES OF .AtELBOUII NE. d (Br Tly GJionor.) The colony of Victerie is now engaged. in regard to Lord Derby, in busily cirryingout a piocess metaphorically known o' . "throwing I: water on a duck's back." Not that the head of the noble house of Stanley could by the - greatest stretch of the imagination of oven the 0 moot goshing of youog atton over be cotled 'a dock," belonging no the obvtoosly toes to the ct clase the rude oago of Chelsea has branded as 1c "oanerouo politicians." But within the last A ton days the Colonial Secretary has had any ao amount of resolutions, more or less wishy. pl wasby, thrown At his head, and apparently 11 with very little effect. lia aristocratic erso have no doubt tingled in the way in which auricular P appendanes of more plehoean mortals who are being talked about behind their backs are raid ro to tingle, without any outward and visiblesign P of any alteration in the Fabian policy his Lord. u chip has adopted. He still goes on "never to minding" protests and Premiers, bent Ap- it parently on placating France and Germany at i any cost. The' voice of Numoricalh has been, ta raisod in vain, nod the indigoantechoee of Shopperton have fallen on deaf ears. Ballarat t has wasted her eloquence on the desert air, and even the mild thunder of the Geelong P meeting has failed to rouse the ruler of Ii tOle Queen's foreign possessions to a sense of his duty to Australia. What then ti romains to Ito doneo The annexation question on has boon taclkad~ad earithen threadhbare. Mr. t( Gladstone and hi Mtinietry have been lhunsed from the Snowy River to the South Australian to border, and from Dimboota to thePromontory, e and nothing has come of It. Surely there must 0 be nome better method than transmitting reno. I lutiono by cablegram,to let the English people q sec wd are in earnest. We have but " to nobly p dare," and the clouds that now hang over us ft will vanish into thin air. A melaoge home y that our gunboats were awaiting, with steam ti ip and anchors apeak, the permission to act for lem in Otto piresnt iecergency, and that 0 failinig the compiaiane of the authorities of e' Downing-street with our wishes in regard to c0 Now Guinea we wcre prtotareit to act for our- a selves, would do more to rouse Lord Derby ci from his present state of apiathy than any ot number of public meetings with indignation ti ad fib pumped up to order, L It may be rank treanon to give utterance to the thought, but nevertheless to the close G observer of current events it in apparent thati b there is, notwithstanding all that has been h said and written, a want of " thoroughneou" d in regard to this question of annexation.There in is no real enthusiasm shown. Wore popular p feeling running with the force which it would derive from unanimity it could hardly he with stood, eveni by gentlemen of Oine luiaene faire schoeol, he which Lord Derby belongs. People when fairly aroused are not as a rule mealy mouthed, nor gieen to weight their oaprrassiue. And that there line been a large hnnt of that gi discretion, which the poet tells us in better It than valour, shown by the gentlemen who have 0o "orated" at the "indignation" meetings, no a, one can deny. There has been displayed in a n marked degree a desire to hart noono's feelings, t0 and not to tread on either the cores of Ger- p mony or France, oavouring rather too much of i humility. In point of fact we have been doing T tte very thing we are ready to abuse the mother b country for doing. Were some modern Diogenes. lantern in hand, a tosetforth in questof an honet manit is p hard to say, in this age of shame, in which d direction his search should be prosecuted. The al task, however, of discovering any number of dishonest ones would not present anything like at the same difficulty. A stroll among the whole. sale milkmen that siopply the retailers of g Melbourne would at once furnish him with a " sebject." These gentlemen met in Coburg e on Tuesday night and passed a resolution, the t1 cool effrontery of which can only be accounted for on the nopposition that a long course of S fraud hoa entirely blunted their sense of din- L criminoting between right and wrong. Thoy a nlfii mail thiat"the recent heavy fiesaimpoed h. in the reline Court for the adulteration of with b" rendered it necessary to raise the price if the IN public were to le supplied with a pure article." n The cool effrontery of those self-nonfeesed adul- ir teralors eon hardly be paralleled. They tell us in effect that if we d, sire they should be honest ti we must pay them for being so. Can the force w of impudence further go? If it he a sin to rob m a poor man of his beer, is it not a crime of a far w deepee dye O rob the poor man, and especiailly i the liner child, of its milk? A little of the I energy shown by the excise officers in securing so fee ter iMajsiy's liges " the pure juice of the w grope" might, with much nolountoge, ho de voted to obtaining for them what our American ti cousine term the pore "juice of the cow." The bootmakoers' strike, or look-out-for the r men style it the one. and the masters the other -still continues. But the cnd is surely not S far off. The strikers no Moniday only receivedb half the allowannee they hane hitherto been p paid, andasubacriptionsaireecoming in oeryalnwly, C And the metropolitan jeiirnalsnare tereaing with gi letters suggesting a compromien, and a re ference of the matters in dispute to arbitiation. m There is one suggestion, however, which hoa not been made, but which is now humbly w offered. It is to put Mr. Trenwith, the ti Secretary of the Bootmakers' Union. on half- tl pay, or no pay until the strike in ended. Were It this plan adopted, the men would all be at f, work again in a week. p Meanwhilothe proprietors of the boot fae- n tories Are talking of sending hometo England to for hands. They need hardly, however, adopt h this course. Let it be cabled home that d married men on strike are getting 25s a week, C and single men 18, to walk About with their e hands in their pockets, and hundreds of " the v trade," who, like the man from Itancheeter, t have got no work to de, will gladly come end t join the army of "snobs " in Victoria. Indeed, a were the rate of strike pay generally known in b England, there might even be a rush of country I curates to these shores, gentlemen who for the nonce would adopt St. t'tspit as their patron, e in order to obtain an amount so much in excess v of thtei ordinary tilpeod. t Can it he that there for whose benefit it has been proposed do not appreciate the blessings p that are to follow on the establishment of a t Working Men's College, or is it with a view of d allowing the honour to attach solely to Mr. v Ormond-thus securing for that gentleman the t knighthood or bhnonetly to which he is known a to aspire-that the subscriptions of the trades. b men of Victoria to the building fund Araso ien. ordinately small? The sum of £23,000 was b promised by the gentleman named, contingently t on £3000 being raised by those interested within a twelvemonth. During that period 1 only £100 hoe heren subscribed, out of which d ialtry sum .020 han ge ine exnnses. Fin upon then"working menw f Victora !a C The proposal to establish a Historical So. ciety in Melbourne is one which- provided f Alvays that the intention of the members is to deal principally with the history of the e coloey-,s not made a day too soon. Victoria r is hardly a half century old, and yet many of f the events of her early days are already matter i for controversy. Ask any dozen people, for I instance, who founded Victoria, and the chances are that the honour will be attributed I variously to Batman, Fawkner, or Honty. I History has been likened to one of those mys to, ions arrangements known to ladies as"dress I imiproverir," being iin reality a etere fictien, founeded upon a mere er less eolid sobsteatom I ef fact. The grecter the aetount of fact, the more attractive is Oto loction likely to bruce. I Te protie vocot heassscnear di a ovidea Socit haf iagal hrbce acandatisold li ah Matthuoian proelioities. who has already en thron enoontioes been arrnigned looereaf cy is the horoitie. Once more ban miheooee oem mitted for trial fur illegal eervicco rendered to "~ a victim of ciecumotanocs." The mtatter wcould tierhapsn of ilnelf he hurdly evorth notice. hut foe eomneegoingler fucte brought out durieg the piroliminary investigatino at the City Police Couirt. It wasn theree shown that the tpublicity~ giree to the former proceedings had roendered Moro. Taylor sigena enevice ih the eway ef advertieling her rreidcene aed her bueni. soons. which in all prohalbitity. hut fce the pub lication of the delails of formor canes, would ,have ermaleed iunknoemn In vinew of this fact Swoculd it net he well if te future the Ceurt ivwere nicared dtroing tho hearieg of similar ebcargen, and sonie discretion ehowe by the Press iin their reports of the preorediege ? "Buiantesa" is an aure n ecluituor In adver tine ceps." And why, it mabe akedslnd the burleoesv f the bind pretils ready to help in erisoey btnto noiwll"b advertisb oIed graos .Apieouo of Ibe boetmokers' strike, said Operative Ice. I, alluding to she rony timee onyddnby soe n oeee tary w of OlnUntr "Ternwiih'ashstes!l" retihtd Operatlee Ne. 2 ''why, the follow neven mete a pair to bin life l" Evidently No. 2 was net good at metn littr. He hailed from the Lsed o' Cabes. Witilliam Spicer, aged 04. and Men. Bltitndu Ann Wood, atoco 73, wore intrried i o hiort time ago tnt Italluten, Ncw York. SThis in thte thIntd snetrimtoeial venture of O tto bride, and thne fourth of the groout, ott tho of Englisht birth, bitt has lived on a entaall focrm noetar Baullston for ever fifty Sycocro. Hite third evife died on Augeut 25. 'rc Twowekek tigo he necucred MSrs. Wo~vod ito tomoporary housekeeper, ned, leking tier no ewell, he hias taken hcr for bettor or neorno during life. Tue O'ALumOTTY Or PHTIeancIAN to Often ei'ideneod by the erroro they niocko in Sdiagnoeng dioconeu, and thin bring the come. ,maltreatment in thte inevitable oeiboence, -Tlto.re tare certoin ailmtinte, however, Olhat c ore unmietokahle On their oympttome, ouch noa indigeohion. dyopepola, loun of appietito, thflatiulency, norvous debility, kidney agfec. o tionn, and ohten thteoe appear, inotead of ocsekieg tuedical counnel, if the afflicted evill -only hove recourse to Udolphto Wolfees SSchoicdam Aromatic Schnapps, mucte ex Spcnsc would be epared and mouch nuffering alleviated. 