THE BIBLE. e r • itb irniU>*si\Tioii« jaa> BnaoK The following lecture on the, nboTer.ub- eoi was delivered by iheBov. Allen Hie.. reanlsstSunday moinrogiuUic Bruutwick Presbyterian Church. As the matter is just now of much importance to English 'speaking people, we publish the dieconrue, :-which j6 foil o£ information and interest, in trtrnso, bo that our readers may note in a succinct farm various stages thuugli. Jjrhich the BOOK bM pawed from the •earliest ages down to tlie present day. Tie rcr- gentleman based his remarks ou 2nd Suimfl ixli chtp. imd Slat verse., "As for God his way is perfect, the word of the Lord la tried." 'J'llE J.ICTUBE. ^Tlie word of the Lord lilw his works •was notcompoied and completed »t onoe. Tie teaching of science a* well as that ol Seripturi shows us that there were successive creations in the heavens and in the iearth. that on* strata of the earth su«- t i-ceeded another until the last was formed aha tlinttlioie was a succession of vegetables and animal* suited to the circumi stances in which they were io exist iASd so ih the composition of the Book. •Holy men of God spake as they were moved l>y ths Holy Ghost,' Tims God at sundry times and in divers manners spake in times past unto the fathers.' These speeches were probably set down and recorded in snatches ami scvaps, genealo- . mere kept imd events, were cntoossed Bometimoi on leaves,' and skins or tablets, .and subsequently engrareu oa . slabs. -SSiere wcre two operations in constructing scripture, that of inditing what i S unknown ana that Of editing what Had pro.i ufely been inscribed These a, l ofrt en intiy bavE been performed b} ont- ma,i So in the hooka-of Moies we :•,, ia«y assume that he collected all Genesis. tend some part <it Exodus, that be .indited ••"".-IbwISSltUie other books, wlnle Some other liand-added the last chapter of Deuteronomy, and all the five books, the Tentaitduehcoraes under the name of Moses. So in the Book of Psalms, while the whole bears tho name of David, Moses and others made contributions to tho Pssltur. The historical books had many authors, and even tlie prophecies were not all of those whose nainot are attached unto them; but probably there were additions made to some of these books. There was 'thus a gradual prrmrth until the old testament canon was completed. HIOBO Mued books were most jealously guarded by tho Jews, and were preserved in their purity, and transcribed with the utmost.accuracy. As .ill indication of the care with which the sacred scriptures were preserved it may he mentioned that every word and each letter of the book was counted, and that thev not only know the number, but even pointed out the word which stood in the middle of the whole, as well as those of the beginning and the cud. The okbst copy extant of the Old Testament was inadein the nuith or tenth unitary of the Christian era, whilo there are copies of the Kew Testament much older, even back as early.as the loiirtli century. The Old has its own appropriate ending, while the Kew -closes with a prohibition of adding or taking from the words of tlic book of this proDliccy under the heaviest penalties, thus ara the sacred scriptuKB sealed up, and stamped with divine authority. The Old Testament canon was completed about 400 years B.C., the Kew towards the close of the Grut century o£ tho Christian era. Both together constitute the .Bible, or what is called pre-eminently 'The Book.' The whole of the Old was written otigmally in Hebrew, with the exception of a few portions composed in Chaldee, a dialect ot Hebrew, the New was all written m Greek, but it is generally supposed that tlffi first gospel bud two originals, une in Hebrew and the other in ::.'.- fircek. During the third eontury before Christ large numbers of Jaws settled, in Egypt The Greek was the common .:•- language ."ofthe learned. jn..tJiM iBge, and -«t bscamo necessary to -have the Iihlr t jisiated jnto -that ianjuigo for i' oir an Ptolemy Hiiladtlphua^mi of ^i' r iBPEt jJlinrtriontofJBgypfs ttuimirdiS, ndly io .flic Jews Among other worWkefounded.-thB:grcateitlibiBiy: of' . seventyoE the most learned-men Ho 'trans-, / s -late the sacred scriptures. froprRobrow into Greek With this he adorned his library and affordod facilities to ibe Jews for the retention of -their'-religion. This first translation is now known as the \- Septuagint or the seventy. It wascoinpleted about 250 years before Ghiast. It came into conniiou use inlnstmie, and the quotations from the Old m the Now Testa- ment areusually taken from tbeSeptuagint. By usuig. tlie beptuagint translation Our Lord-sanctioned ihe 1 making and the use of translations of the 6acrcd writings into the common tongue, aud we have the immense advantage ol having both the original Hebrew version and also the beptusgmt coi tion. We do not however, allow that auy translation of the original text can have as much authoritv as the text itself, the original alone was given by inspiration of God, and to it wo must appeal as onrinfallible authority. There IB evidence that versions of the Scripture were made for the different dialects used, cuch as ths Svvmc and the Samaritan of apostolic times, the feeptuagint however •was the version, tho Greek speaking population used until Jerome rendered the whole Bible into latin, and this was the version in use in the western churches, and is now known as the Vulgate. Both the Septuagint and the Vulgata may be regarded as ftithM and c.vcei!ent translations of the scriptures, though neither of them is as-accurate, and close to tho original, as . our Knglisli Bible, the authonsedversion, -which has now baon in common use for the last 274 years. The first translation of the bible into JSnghsh was made by WickMfc, the next by Tyndal,? afterwards came Coverdalo and C»nmer, theu the Bishop's Bible and the Genevan Version, the authorised version (sometimes called Sing James' Bible was completed in 1011, and upon fho whole . can hardly be surpassed for accuracy* While -too much credit cannot bs given to \- Hie learned and able and faithful men who - ; made lis authorised version, while it conld . 1 not bBexcelledfor punfcy of si j-ie, and accu- :s- racy o£ expresBion, as te wbole,-consider^ . 1hii 15nplis1i Bible must be considered as ie'^diim&iwau;&iJtwiioip; much,io£]0ep .up. t ; , i ihe dmtftc1«r®£;onr.:Janguage, WB^cannot : r :i»^rd£h»AranBlatii)]lraB,perIectin eveiy mm xcspecl. The tei.t itself is now more correctly jiseertained liy comparison of : vanoUB Copies than it was in .their time, v iOor ItiloWieSgq of liible lands.isL^reater. The naturalinstory of plant* and animals alluded to in tho sacred writings is mors reliable,^and,.with our information, .there should be many improvement* in 3-ondcrjug the orlgmal text into the knguaga of .. the-present 3ay. It may be also remarked thatthetEnglish tongue has considerablv altered for %he last 250 years. Many words in use in the 16th eeotnry Iiave -tecome obselete, while others mean now the reiy reverse of what they-did tlion. When you ' read of 'Jonathan s artillery, . aware that there were no guns in hlsday, what are you to understand by it? and what ib tneant by 'bewray Jeasmg auches, sitli, And many more Archaic expressions. \- The word'-prevent' in our English Bible -Jneans'precede,'whilem common speech jt means'to stop. 1 Tie word 'Ict'inour bibls mttoiB '.to binder orturn aside' but in common4iseitmcansnot'to hinder.' Isaiah 43.13. ii •••••. . i'or the last 50 years'" there has been a \- growing conviction that a new tranlation at laast a itovmon of the anthonsed veraion bus becoroa necessary. In the •year lS70 a convocation at Canterbury Jesolved to .atari tho wovk and . two com- •-panieswercsalected from themost learned . and ^adicions luon in 1hs Unltod Kmgdowi. \- One company for the revision of the Old Testament and another fortlieKcwTestamont Soon afterwards similar companies 1 formed in America, and; all parties •nro»k«d with ,a,coo5 -will and . harmony,- 5)he ravision of New Testament was' Completed in ten years and w is published Jflthayear 1S80 Jtv.ag reccived witb unbounded interest, BD3 was scanned with' i ihe itritVil E< ruuny, tha res llhsingthat 9 conceuruB of opmi&n; sgrees iu retuniog the old version, ana iiBing the newaa an aid to understand the other. As a translation the new d»SB not snrpass the old, L upon, the whole,.although same .places are-made plainer and generally where a change has been made, the sense is more literally rendered in ths now, than It was in tbs old. The chief advantage has been in restoring U» paragraph? in Bngliab, BO, as to make the diviBion to correspond with tl\« original aeclions, and Bohavethesenae unbroken, as was done by the chapters and Tiros of out old translation. Bafore the Revised Old Testament was issued from th» press there were suspicions that great changes would be made, and some prejudice was created on this account, but now that it has reached us all sueli fears arc di&pelkd;, and-we imd that the Old Tastamcat revisers have been even more conservative than those of the new. And that the changos art! comparatively tew. Among tho rules laid dawn for conducting the work were these, 'To introduce as few alterationsoas possible into the text of the authorised version,consistent with faithfulness.* To limit ns far as possible the expression of much alterations to the language of tho older English Tensions.. 'To revise the headings of tlie chapters and pages, paragraphs, italics and punctuation.' These resolution! hare been faithfudy adhered to, and the result has certainly been advantageous. We liavt -now tho para-, graphs in the now Bible corresponding to, the Hebrew text. "VVe have the poetic parts put into parallel linos after English u6ago- The two versions, the authorised 1 ; and the revised, are printed in parallel; columns in one volume, with the marginal ; .renderings of each version relairie!-. in -their respective places. Wc emi lutw that nothing has been - Jost, . while -aom&; thing lias been gained 'by the labors of the- 'revisers. ' Wo may briefly -note the .method ad- 'opted in conducting the SeviBion. When w company met, their Secretary ;rcad aloud tlie original Hebrew or Greek: as the case might be. one vcrac xt a liinc, then the authorized version of the same, and then the propoeed changes. The authurs of these proposed changes might be - sent, or they might send their proposal m writing. Each proposed cliangc was moved and seconded and fully discussed, and if earned by a majority, was rcctivcd, Tho whole book was thus gone over for the first tiino, then the}' commenced second revision, following the sauic pla hut making no cliangc unless carried by a majority of two thirds of the company t or the third timo tho whole was froiio over again, and the work was refined and finished off, each inaltir requiring a majority of two thirds to carry it. ISach company sat for asesBiou of ten days iu succession, aud for six hours each da.y makang up S5 sessions, or 7U2 days, extendsng over 14 years. The labor must have been rery arduous. Of t lio 3G liieu originally appointed in Great Britain, only li> are now remaining, the others died or rcsigucd. Their places for tho iii'-.l five years, were filled up by fresh appointments. As the work of tho companies in l!.iigland progressed, the results were for* warded to tho American compauics who made their proposals and criticisms and thesa wera again considered by ihe com pany in Loudou. aud were received or rejected after discussions aud decisions in former revisions. Tho amendments suggested by the American divines, and rejected by^the British, are printed as appendix to each of the Testaments, old and new, And ou these proposed changos we may remark that they are geuorally moreiu harmony with tho present usages of the Buglisli language, and we would consider them improvements, but w< greatly admire tho conservatism of tli< British revisers. Let us • mention a few samples of tlie: Aniencan suggestions which woro rejected, by the English, they would reject :at -the .head of oacli book where :it occurs, ilie word rsaint' and they would read the gospel according: to Hitf* tbew,5Mark,stnke and- John.: They: would expunge tbe ^v-onl 'G'host iiud read thQ 'Holy.^pirit/in . all.ihB iexls'wlmc .it ^i(!BUrs. -Instead 'tempV -tlieyi would s ^pul-fty'^ol 'testament' tiioy^ouiajireferj ^eprtnantj'vand for Mpp^ehond/they wonld ! substitnta flay liold-on;'the :tendeucy,0f; the:- Amancans being -to - aiodeliuue.5tho: words while Engbsh .rcvcrcnce for: th6 Bible cling to,its terms- even wlion they have gone out of use in common booltB and conversations. After all the labours of the revisers the obanges made 111: our English Bible aro immaterial, and they aro not always an improvement. The first wo find m Genesis, 1 chap, and 2nd verso, for 'Without form and void 1 they mako it 'wastB and void.' Tho 'unicorn tliey render * wild ox.' For the word translated variously in the authorised version.' hell,' tho'grave'and 'pit they rctaiu the Hobrew sheol. Thogmnls,of which we read in the old version, they replace by the Hebrew wold Ncphilim, And for what wercad as grove connected with idolatrous worship they retain the Hebrew Ashcrali. Thov have not done away with obselete and archaic expressions, and even the words that have changed tbeir spelling and others that have changed their meaning are Btlll retained. Almost all the indelicate terms are continued, mid upon the wliole fidelity was preferred to iaste, ai?d truth is not, compromised. The more wo compare King Jaiucs' Bible with the onginal and with other translations and revisions, tho more Ave appreciate it and every trial to improve it only attests its accuracy. Not that it iB perfect, nor is any other translation cgunl to tlie oricrinal nor will any ever be. Our authorised translation is probably as good ns ever wc shall get. What wo wish to be done is to teach tho young to read the scripturcs in their inspired words, those which tho Holy Spirit taught their writers. Apart trora the intrinsic merit of Hie revised version the work will accomplish much good. Think o£ the millions of copies that will be put into circulation, the cato •with which it will bo read and considered, the criticisms and comparisons that will he made, and the search that will be made of the senptnras. Will not Christians ho thus edified and tsarelese ones convinced, and shall not confidence m our Bible he better established ? All this sliould enhance our assurance-of.the; doetnno as well'as our trust :in sach text »Mbo truth. - And thintofitho progress mademthediffnaon ofDivine truth lutoihevanous nationsof The Bible is now translated; JPto tj2B0 stonguee, ".and-iOne ttBOietyrSias thin 41iib century circulated onellUndred milliou copies of it. What muat be tll& total of its circulation, and yet the interest is increasing annually; and never tiavo the scriptures been Bought with suoh avidity as has been evoked - by this la6t ; -revision. At midnight the stores were opened- for its sale, yet even, then; tlie crowds that rushed for it, could riot be supplied with sufhcient rapidity. Who can be so careless as to neglect this book, the secret of England's greatness, the leaven, that is spreading to the whole world? Like as ' tho rain coiaeth down from heaven and retumeth not thither, but watercth the earth and nukotli it bring forth and bud that it may giv seed to the sower and bread to. the cater so shall My word be that goeth forth out of My mouth ; it shall not return unto Me void, but it shall accomplish that which I choose, and it shall prosper in that thing whereto I sent it,' T 