Professor Pepper's Lecture. Last evening Profo33or Pcppor lectured to a fairly numerous audienco at the School of Arts ? on olomentary chemistry. He began by saying that it web a very curiouB thing to think of that everything in the world, whether it was - the highest mountain or tho lowest valley whother it was tho most beautiful production. of naturoor art — all oatno from cortain definite sources. One might go to Windsor' CastW to see the beautiful pictures thore, and .all the splendour of a regal pukes, and one might. descend to the lower kitchens or visit the baronial dungeons, or might see the massive silver plate, and if one was specially favoured might see tho Queen's jewels. And yet all. those things, one or the other, wore but oom posod of 62 or 03 elementary bodies. If ihat waa a fact, it showed us clearly enough that we ought to study ohemistry. It was an exact scienco. Thoy knew that it was im possible to interchange ideas without words, ancT. he was almost grieved to say that a reoent dictionary contained no Ic23 than 1 30.000 words, whilo Johnson's contained 58,000, there being an inorease of 124 per cent. Chemistry was puzzling enough, but, . after all.Kkathe. dictionaries, it was necessary to begin at the alphabet. The sixty-four elements were classified first into three prominent ga-es — oxygon, hydrogen, and nitrogen. The wodsJ; of suoh a lecture was that ho -was unable to begin by .telling them of Buonaparte, or Wellington, or Byron, but ho would do his beBfr to make himself as intelligible as possible. Ii* addition to thoso throe prominent gases there wore seven metallic substances. How speoially favoured wore they in mineral de velopments in thi3 beautiful land ! What an opportunity fov any young man j ust now. , Why he almost wished ho hud bsen born twenty years lator, and ho hoped that his cominjr hither would bring hundreds and thousands of otheus out Jo Queensland. (Cheers) The mean» of pro duoiug wealth here were simply boundless. Ho eiHv all thut- in Ms: studies in tho laboratory The subjeot for to-night was on the goneral. physical properties of jrase-i. They must all havo a beginning in whatever thing they were trying to study. There was tho difiorence, for instance,' between tho fluids- and tho solids. There was a powor of ' attraction whioh com bined similar particle!) substantially together, that was called cohesion. The lecturer here illustrated his meaning with au experiment with two pieces of load. Referring to the in destructibility of all created things, tho.pro? fessor said that Nature was not autoisratici* she would not endure a Czar. One great power wasbalanced by another. Nothing eonldbo des troyed. A s faros one elomuut was concerned there wore threo shapes of it — ice, wator, and steam _ Were the ico to preponderate unduly, all the streams and lakes would be locked up, and would become solid and useless. No ; that was 0 unterbalanoed by the aotion of heat. Nothing was over demolished. Tiicy could, change from gas to liquid, and from liquid to solid. Shakespeare had wonderfully expressed this in his famous saying, ' Imperial Osesar dcad and turned to clay may stop a hole to turn the wind away.' (Laughter.) The modifications of cohesion wero 60 beautiful. On the eamo principle that a piece of ealt absorbed the moisture in a glass bowl, so the roots of plants and shrubs drew up. tbe necessary nourishment from tho ground. They would see this 'buch candle,' nothing more than a bit of cane, dried and stuck in a. pliial containing turpentine, and observe how this power of cohesion Roted so us to throw out aratber brilliant light. Another experiment. was then produced, in whioh a piece of brass that would not go through a gauge of a certain, size was operated on by a strong heat, with tho result That the metal became transformed.' into fiery stars falling- on the tablo and. plot firm. When the henfc -was removed it was found that tho brass was able to go through the gauge. The unaided strength of Sampson even oouldnot have dono such a thing us that, The brass hod porosity as well as allother metals. This porosity was the probable cause of th» elasticity obeervable in metals, and also for the enormous compressibility specially notiroabls in auoh ft metal as gold, which could fete flattened out to the 283,000th port of an inoSV And this porosity extended to stones and pebbles, andeven to Ivory, although in the latter ooso, the pores in a billiard ball could not often be discovered. Tho idea of porosity, however, beenme ridiculous, when Sir Ieaao Nowton re inurked that if the earth became so ologtd up as tii be absolutely without pores, its dimefl nions might possibly be not more one than oubio inch Iu thiokness. Undoubtedly if tlioj couldget rid 0! the porosity, it would bo possible to woik some extraordinary experiments. Archimo'«3 would have moved the earth hod he found his lever. After some further experiments of a most interesting character the pro fessor -K-ent on to say that thona TrtM tho teachings of science. He could eay that he had paw cd, as they could imagine, many years in tho pursuit of Boit-Loo, mid ho was just »8 euthuBiiiatio that day 03 ho was when he first ontorod the Biudv of it. It was a science that, above all perfected thn roauoning power* ; there was always something to bo gainod from It. The next experiment was to burn solids into' ga:-, and by moans of a tmall retort containing coal tho professor prn.luced Home fairly deoent'. ;-':-is instantly tSo heat was applied underneath. A further oxperiniuut of the instantaneous* lighting of a number of wax candles in th»- palace of the Quoon of Holland by moans of ' gun o.itton was first explained and then illus trated in a mobt amusing manner. Tho pro pcrtk'H of iodine wero thon shown, and some douionstrationB mode with the use of tho oxy hylrogen gas. In oonelURion, Professor Pepper' stated that ho phou-d utill try his best . t» ?ro on- with those leotnrpfl ; indeed, he had: half iiromiKod the oommittoo that onoe more in hi« life he would exhiWfc .' Popper's, ghost;'' ('A'^pla'ttso). ,'.Hp ' would -.uot.do.it for any lieouniary profit, for after kJ-e oxpennes were vM— and hi- oould n*«ure thorn that it was not a clu ap thing to do, although ho hud all thft Ki'l-uiatuB nt haud — tio hud proposed thut the iulniu«iqn for the flr^t night should to '2*. 6d., t--u D-.cond Is. (id , und tho tliird Is. ; and that'. all tha proltt after )wying working expenses should bo devoted to buying books for the ftiluuil of ArU' library. (Appluuso.) Th* it.f.t.iing then oonoludod at an early hour. 