OPEN COLUMN. RIVERINA CHURCH SOCIETY. (To the Editor of the Riverine Crrazier.) SiPf — Will you kindly allow me space iu your valuable journal to make a few roraarks on this subject? ?* ' In his address delivered at tho meoting convenod on tho 21st inst. for tho purposo of considering tho formation of a Church Society for Kivorina Dioceso, as reported in your l«»st issuo, it is remarkable how zealously Dr. Linton trio3 to account for tho faith ho professes and moro so, tho manner in which he does it. Riverina was hithorto remarkable for tho absonce ? of bigotry or roligious dUsentions, but it soems His | Lordship doos not coiuidor such linppv harmony his | proper olemont to live in, and detormitios to suit it to hi* own tasto by introducing such insulting com parisons, and remarks as the following pa- sago from his address contains ' He was sure, oven though it cost a littlo more, that they proforrod a married clergy to having thom necessarily single men. If for missionary work the single life was undoubtedly iu somo respects an advantage, yot for powor of entering into hoart-lifo, and for giving sympathy with tho joys and sorrows of homo lif«*, tho married state was to bo proforrod. It was a fact, to bo noticed that in eountrios such as Italy and Franco, whore tho Roman part of the. Catholic Church prevailed, which forbad marriage to its clergy, not only was thero.no word in tho language for homo, but tho thing itiolf did not exist in tho same way as it. existed in England,-, in Gonnany, and in Russia, where in the parsonage of a married prio.^thood woro thousands of model homos which extended thoir beneficial influenco far and wide.' Whilst His Lordship hero sets out on tho presump tion that himself and his flnck aro unanimous ns re gards thoir preference for a 'married clergy'* — in which matter, by tho way, tho Protestant Church has uo option — and benignly grants that, for missionary work the single lifo is undoubtedly iu somo roipects an advautngo, yot for 'heart-life, ami for {living sympathy with tho joys and sorrows of home lifo,' tiio married stato, he says, is to bo ' proforrod. Would Dr Linton kindly say upon what authority he m»ikos this assortion ; and what he moans by 'heart- lite ? ' St. Paul commands Timothy (I Tim.-5-22) to 'keep himsolf cluisto,' and the samo great Apostlo (I Cor.-7-32-3) emphatically says that: — 'Ho that is without a wife, is solicitous for the things, that bo long to the Lord, how ho may pieaso God. But ho that is with a wife, is solicitous for tho things of tho world, how ho may ploaso his wifo : and ho is di vided.' In the face of this I' should like to know if His Lordship would doliborately abido by the abovo assertion. However this is not all tho information His Lord ship imparts on tho mattor. Is it not doplorablo to find a person in such a high position as that which His Lordship holds, saying that in Italy aud Franco thero is 'no word. in tho^ language for home ?' .This, in deed, is a fact to bo noticed, if corroet. But less surprising is his statement that the priest's houso in Italy and Franco did not exist in the samo way as it parsonage of —what His Lordship calU — a married priosthood. Tho roason is simple. It is bocause they aro priosts and not parson's. Priests oboy tho laws of God and aro guided by tho Divine Teaching, as laid down by Christ Himsolf both by word of mouth and through tho Holy Ghost. Should ono of thom bo so woak as to allow tho passions of tho soul superaedo roa^on and religion, and try to possess a' homo sueh as His Lordship prefers, ho should imme-. diatoly coaso to oxorciso his priostly. functions; Who heard of tho 'married priosthood' in England or' Germany boforo tho Reformation ofFoctod by an apostate priost ?. or in Russia, boforo thoir intoUoetual pride separated thom from the Motlior Church of Romo? It, did not exist. It was thon, for tho first time, a ' marriod clorgy' bosan to be considorod pro forablo for ontoring into 'heart life and for giving sympathy with the joys and sorrows of homo life,' bocauso among what is called tho roformed class no clorgy would remain single. It need scarcely bo montiondd that such a class as marriod clorgy never oxisted iu the Church of Rome. . But it is only with hushed breath wecan road those i words : — It was a fact to bo* noticed that. in countries such as Italy and France, where the Roman part^of the Catholic Church prevailed ? ; ? ' Doos His'Lord ship moan by tho 'Catholic Church' tho Church Christ established on earth? If so; doos Jio in sinuate that it can bo composed of parts so widely differing from each other as the Roman Catholic Church and tho Protostant ! ' I, thorofore, a prisonor in tho Lord, bosooch you,' says St. Paul (Ephi. 4-1-5), 'That you walk worthy of tho vocation in which you are callod — as you aro called in.ono hopo of your ?calling. Ono Lord, ono faith, ono baptism.' His Lordship knows woll, I prosume, that- tho married clorgy, among whom ho himsolf is, or thoso holding their tenets, aro not of ' Ono Faith ' with tho Roman | Catholic Church; and tho inforonco from this is a fact to bo noticed whon.tho virtual admission comes from a porsrm in Dr. Linton's position, that tho Roman Church belongs to the- Truo. .Catholic.. Church of Christ. Yours &c.;, , M. VAUGHAN, C.C. 