SELECTED POETRY. THE BUSHMAN. Mere am 1 stretched, in careless ca=e. Outside my hut in this strange old wood : The magpie chatters somewhere in the trees. And the curlew pipes in its dreariest mood ; The passion flower's clinging leaves interlace As a screen from the glare of the setting sun, While phantoms of old Hit past my face With the old year's hours dying one by one. Wattle tree perfumes fall thick on the sense, And acacia blossoms whiten the ground, While the silence around me, growing intense, Would lap my soul in a languor profound, Save for the mosquitoes' unwelcome hum, Fanning their fires as the day grows cool, Or the "muffled monotones " that come From a haunt of frogs in a neighboring pool. The forest is peopled v ith stiff stark forms, That stare me like sentries in the face— Not men, but trim weird trees the storms Have thrown together devoid of grace — And parasites cliuib the bald smooth sides, Hanging their tendrils from every hough, Like my present life, that scantlv hides The ghosts of hope that are ended now. " Friends';" I had troops in my younger days — At least they appeared to 1.x- so to ine— They augured in> future with smiles and praise, Faithful and steadfast they promised to be But now, like a withered leaf lightly whirled Ey the wind from some far-off flourishing stem I am blotted win !1> out of their world, My very name is sorgotteu by them. " Eooks';" Ah, well'. 1 am not the dunce Von may think me now, prosaic and slotv— Grave or gay, I ioved them oce, And they quickened my pulses long long ago — But useless now as these ringed old irums, To cheer or shade they have lost the art— As vinegar upon nitre conies The singer of songs to a worn-out heart. I was one time tempted to drown in drink The regrets that haunted me from the past — But the fiend was conquered—I could not link Kemcrse to the shadows around me cast— Hardly dealt with I think at times, I'll keep the innermost shiine unstained, Moiling still that more generous climes May in God's universe yet be gained. Aims, that forni' d the romance of youth Hopes, that stirred me in earlier life— The yearnings for undiscovered truth. With which my boyish days were rife— The thirst to rise, excei, command Seem only now to provoke a smile, As 1 take my felling axe in my hand And hack at the forest with ceaseless toil. M'ow for my pipe. The dying sun Darts its last rays tnrough yon old sheaoak ; And the phantoms vanish, one by one, Before the ascending wreaths uf smoke. I have done an honest day's work, God knows, And when I turn in, ai d go to sleep, All I ask for is deep repose In dreamless slumbers my soul to steep. 