CRADLE AND COFFIN. PBOK THE SPANISH. Thebb is dancing and laughing and drinking and song, But the babe in the cradle smiles not with the throng, ' There is silent lamenting and sorrow's hot tear, But a smile lights the faoe of the dead on the bier. Why the dance for a birth, why the tear for a death ? There's the panting of woe in an infant's first breath. Men know not the time for their smiles and their tears: When grim logic would groan, the air waves with their cheers. A day is a lifetime; what is death but a sleep P When men doze o'er the wine-cup 'tis dangerous and deep. True hate is avoidance. Love not the content Of the throng singing songs through a lifetime gay spent. They rite surly from oouches of down in the morn, And blush at the sweat drops of toil that adorn. Scarcely heard ia the wail of the babe from the womb, When a crape tells, of age to be laid in the tomb. From the highway of living the graveyard's a span, From the babe to the lad, from the lad to the man, From proud manhood to age, and from age to the hearse, From baptism sprinkle to funeral absterse. Ay! sorrow's the stamp on the brow of the born, But the roses on graves bear no punishing thorn. On alow funerals is fixed the pale infant's bright gaze, But the eye of the dead sees eternity's blaze- Why, then, amile for a birth, and why weep for a tomb P Why tbe torch in the sunlight, dosed eyes in the gloom ? While they drink round my cradle I laugh at their toasts, None know tbe true good but the kingdom of ghosts. How empty the joy over one born to die— For one dying for- life, oh ! how empty tha sigh! Sin alone is fit cause for man's sorrow and tears, Not the cup nor the dance, but 'tis virtue that oheers. When my time shall have come, and death Stands hy my side, And a coffin shall cover my strength and my pride, *" •; • Have dancing and drinking and laughter and song, _ As who toasted myhirth hear myooffln along. —Boston Pilot. DAOIOJr WlLLiAKS. Mb. J. E. GoB»r, ttw «ew Solicitor- General fer England, waa te4j»ay years a resident of NafrJ&ribjqd; held tha offiaa of ^JommUstease nd-j trite. ~ 