ECHOES ^ OF MELBOURNE ' . , ' ' .?,' (By The Ghobt.) The .threat, or ,a possible : dissolution which; Mr ; Berry's denial notwithstanding;, was certainly made by thai; gentleman, has apparently .'not. been without a .'certain effect in' the Assembly. A| little iess talk anda' little more work have characterised bhe proceedings of : tho people's chosen re r»'nRpTifn.tivAa'i rlnrincr r.ViA . Yianf; -: tvfiAV.1 Whether or notthb present; Licensing Bill will ever find aplace in theyictorian. Statute jBoofci is1 still very! doubtful, for, given the number of 'clauses' alreadyjdealt with, and the 'number still to be considered, the time xlready. consumed! in debating the first, sixth'.,, of the 'lrieasurej and the, number bf forking .Parliamentary ,days be fore tho generall election in February next, it is evident, according to a, simple suin, in proportion, th at' ; the; 'rate of' progress.1' will have to be considerably accelerated'if the bill is'realJy to1 be 'sent, to the Council iri' time to afford ' tlie'1 'rep're Bentatives. of wealth, property, arid vested, interests' any time to consider -its provi sions. That the Tipper Homo will pass so important a measure without ; due debate md deliberation* can hardly be expected, ' md. as . it-iis impossible ! to prolong the: bxistence of a moribund 1 Assembly, the chances are very much in 'favour, of the. inethod of dealing, with the liquor;: traffic -eing remitted to the constituencies, and ;he election turning upon the question as to whether or not '.' the poor loan,' who, )y .tie' way, has been considerably '?'[ trotted pufduring tlio debate, is,-or is. riot, to be f' robbed of 'his jbeer,' whiie the more., fortunate member, of 'a club' is allowed legally to get drunk on every day of the week. . ? I ....'. ? I - '?','. 1 Despite'the fact that the Licensing Act Amendment Bill'riow block's the way of all legislation^ n6':soetion- of the community Willb'e much' grieyed should it go to swell the list ; 6i-' slaughtered innocents ' that invariably' heralds; the end of eyery;sessiorif From its very nature the measure pleases . no one: jThe rabid teetotalers, think It, does /not igb far enough;! the publicans thinkitgpeV tpo,far ; ;and the great mass of the.peppie, rwho^ aro not ? inteteated one way^or the other,' aro indifferent, as to whether the bill is passed- or not... They rightly assume thata man,!with thewhere withalin his pocket, can always obtain a drink now/ whenever he wants1 it; and that no ariiouriib of legislative enactments will yeryimuohr alter -the.; situation . -rN ot with-. standingali the efforts made by^the diari-^ ti^sand the various temperance societies to ; ' pamp up.' public ..enthusiasm, and place1* the liquor' question -iiiriorig 'the' list of ' burning' ones, the great -majority -of Victorians continue to'diaplay a good 'deal of apathy in regard ''to the ;matter. The people feel — arid rightly too— that there are other social problems i that staridin more urgent heed of ? being solved— to J wit,' tKe Factories Act, dealing with the hours of labour in shops, stores, wnd .factories, and1 the Electoral Bill, whicli is to introduce the system of single electojwtles,- and bring1 the constituencies more in ia/rmony with '? the changes^ that havo occtwrod in our shifting population than they at present are., The process of boing disillusioned is never a pleasant one. The child who dis covers that its doll is stuffed with saw dust, and the politician who finds that the representative lie has trusted is^ after all nothing bettor than a titne-serving and selfish demagogue, alike feel a keen pang of disappointment when tho truth first flashes upon them. Every allowance must therefore bo made for tho foelings and consequent strong language indulged in by the Trades Hall Committee : in regard to the present Chief Secretary. Mr. Berry is nothing if not tho ' friend of the working man.' By means of. his pro-J fes'sed friendship for tho ' 'orny 'arided'. ions of toil' ho has clambered into power and office, and it seoms to the aforesaid^ working man somewhat hard that after he * has been uBed as a ladder ho should be un' ceremoniously kicked aside. Alas, for tho : .constancy of popular lovo!'- ,TheJ Chief S«cretdry, .. the whiloih. ? tribune : of the people,'' who was' wont in., days of yoro to 'wield- at will a fierce democracy,' has been hurled : from his pedestal and denounced as 'a ^ham,' a 'fraud,'(and an ' utter humbug,' : !by those who a short' timo ago were his ? unwavpring; admirers ! : Because, being en- \ ' gaged 'as is stated, ^at an Executive Council '? ;meeting,r he c'ould'hdt wait to listen to tho..i orations ? of .tho ? deputation .that .' waited ' 'Upon.'.hirnit6 .request: that the FactorieB.-. .Bill might .at -onbebe dealt with, and did ' mot !show. sufficient - '. respect arid'.' polite- J rieBs' :-to' his interviewers ; Mr. Berry has', been denounced .-in good Ground sot terms. - :Th'efe are, of course, in political circles' numbers, of people who have never enter- , taincd in regard to Mr. Service's Chief i ^Secretaryi.'ahy other, opinion save the ?'? .one just..' placed on record by the Com- . rnittee .of:. the Trades' Hall; but:.to those who -have. ?'?pinned their faith hitherto .to .the skirts of tho honourable' niember for-'Geelong, the hxu'lirig of ther 1 popular idol from his pedestal comes soine iwhat ns a shock. In politics, as in love, no . ' ,ono likes being jilted, and in the former being ' found out ' is quite as unpleasant as being exposed in one's little amours, after the fashion of the Pall Mall Gazette. I The nineteenth century rimy hereafter come to betnbwn. as tho era of 'big' things. It-is'an epoch of big ships, big companies, .bTg' speculations, and ..big... f. smashes.' : Nothing now goes down with the public unless' it happens to. bo on'a,-! colossal scale. So it comes to pass that wo have had ; presented to Parliament within the week a gigantic ' ladies' peti tion' in favour : of, the present Licensing Bill. It 'was ..stated on. its intrpduc.-. tion , into ' the, Assembly to , contain forty- five thousand signatures and to be a quarter of a mile long.' That it only boasted this length arid number of names speaks volumes for the' modesty of the honourable member who offered (the docu riient to the Speaker! It is hardly likely that anyone ?'would; go to the trouble of ineasuring, tho document or counting the , autographs^ and had it been affivincd the '' curiosity of. literature' was five miles long and contained five hundred thousand signaturbsi no' one in all' probability would have' denied the allegation. Any way, the petition was assuredly ' a weighty one.' 'VVe all have heard of the joj experienced over the one repentant sinner, contrasted with the satisfaction felt in regard io the ninety and riine just persons ?yvho need no repentance. Somethiag akin to: this, feeling, was shown the ofshar '? day ' at' Horsham, when on the verdict of acquittal being 'delivered by tho jury, and the prisoner, sot at liberty, the alleged barik'£robber, Hugh' 'Milne Smith, late a cleric in ~the' employ' of the London Char tered .Bank, was received with 'loud cheor:s' by the crowd assembled to hear the . trial.' The sympathies of the public are ! evidently with the young gentlemen placed .! in1 positions of trust, aad with the handling of '' almost unlimited cash, paid at the riiunificent '' rate of eighty pounds per anrium. '?'?.?????? i The leading rneriibers of the Melbourne ' Presbytery do not, if tho revered pro- ' fessor Kontoul is to bo, accepted as their mouthpiece, hold! the superior courts of law in very high esteem. During a speech de livered by the rev. gentleman named apropos ' of the ? appareritly interminable Scots Church embroglio, lie said the 'Presbytery might perhaps find themselves in the. Supremo Court, which would only bo good for the lawyers and the Devil.' In the minds of the ' common herd' the gentle inen of ,the lpngrobe have long been known, -; as the ' Devil's. Brigade j' but it would^ perhaps bo difficult to find an instnnce in~ which on any, former occasion lawyers and his Satanic Majesty have been bracketed togother.by a learned Professorof Theology in a recognised university. i And talking of tho 'Strong' controversy, where is it to end ? The adherents of the : reverend .gentleman's church have nearly ' all declared themselves loyal to tho Church, - J and',) as true and lawful Presbyterians are ?' desiribus 1 of. 'calling' a minister chosen by,, themselves; The.'G.eneral Assembly,,; howeyqr, who have constituted themselves prosecutor, judge, jury, and, executioner in, regard-to other people's orthodoxy, still P persist' in appointing; the ? preachers/ to' whose guidance alone the late. '. Strong' flook.are britrusted from Sunday to ? Sun day. ..'No .parson not ento'rtaining strong^ Calyanistic views need apply ' is the rule' ? in'.'regard to the pastorship of. ;the ? Septa' '? Church'^; -and this, in the nineteenth cen7. tury,, arid' iri; a country ' .where Bishop1 Mo'orhbus6's: last lecture'' pri' the Giiliit ian * Lapse, in which the doctrine of the a'tbrie- - rrierit isr 'liberally ''dealt with, has been, llowed to pass without reply or corii' ment. 