IN THE DARK. 1 It is the strangest, most unaccoun table thing I ever knew ! I don't think I am superstitious, bat I can't help fancying that ' Ethel left the Bentence half unfinished, wrinkling her brows in a thoughtful frown as she gazed into the depths of her empty tea-cap. ' What has happened 1 I enquired, glancing np from the Money Article of the Times at my daughter's pretty, puzzled face. ' Nothing uncanny,. I hope ? Yon haven't discovered that a "ghost" is included among the fix tures of onr new honse V This new honse, The Cedars,, was a pretty old fashioned riverside villa be tween Richmond and Kew, which I had taken furnished, as a summer residence, and to which we had only just removed. Let me state, in parenthesis, by way of introducing myself to the reader, that L John Dysart, am a widower with one : child : the bine-eyed, fair-haired yonng lady who sat opposite to me at the break fast table that bright Jane morning : and that I have been for many years the manager of an old-established Life Insurance Company in the City. ' What is the mystery ? 1 repeated, as Ethel did not reply. She came ont of her brown etndy, and looked at me impressively. ' It really is a mystery, papa, and the more I think of it the more puzzled I am.' ' I am in the dark at present as to what "it" may be,' I reminded her. ' Something that happened last night. Yon know that adjoining my bedroom there is a large, dark closet, which can be need as a box or a store room 1' ' I had forgotten the fact, but I will take your word for it. Well, Ethel 1' ' Well, last night I was restless, and it ; was some hours before I could sleep. When at last I did so, I had a strange dream abont that closet. It seemed that as I lay in bed I heard ' a noise within, as if someone were knocking at the door, and a child's voice, broken by aoba, crying piteonsly ' Let me out, let ont 1' I thought that I got ont of bed and opened the door, and there, crouch ing all in a heap against the wall, was a little boy ; a pretty, pale little fellow of six or seven, looking half wild with fright. At the same moment I woke.'' ' And lo, it was a dream f I finished. ' If that is all Ethel ' 'Bnt it is not,' she interposed. 'The strangest part of the story has to come. The dream- was- so vivid that when I woke I sat np in bed, and looked to- ward the closet door, almost expecting to hear the sounds again. Papa, yon may believe me or not, bnt it is a fact that I did bear them, the muffled knocking -and the pitiful cry. As I listened, it grew fainter and fainter and at length ceased altogether. . Then I summoned courage to get ont of bed and open the door. There was no living creature in the place. Was it not mysterions J' she concluded. ' What can it mean ?' I glanced at her with a smile, as I folded the paper and rose from my chair. ' It means, my dear, ttmt you had night-mare last night Let me recom mend yon for the fntore not to eat encumber at dinner.' ' No, papa,' she interrupted. ' I was broad awake, and £ beard tbe child's voice as plainly as I ever heard a sound in my life.' Why didn't yon call me V X was afraid to stir till the. sound had ceased J but if X ever hear it again X will let yon know at once.' Be sore yon da Meantime, sup pose yon come into the garden,' I con tinued throwing open -the French win dows ; the morning air will blow all these cobwebs from yonr brain.' Etliel complied, and for the present I beard no more of the subject. Some days passed away, and we be gan to feel quite at home in our sew quarters. A . mom delightful summer retreat than The Gedars could hardly be im agined; With its cool, dusky "rooms, from which the' sunlight was excluded by the screen of foliage outeide; its trcliLod verandah, overgrown with creepers, and its ' smooth lawn, shaded by the. rare old cedar-trees which gave the place -its name;;' . ; Our friends soon discovered its at- tractions and took care that we should not stagnate for want of society. We kept open house ; lawn-tennis, garden- parties, and boating excursions were the order of the day. It was glorious sum mer weather, the days warm and golden, the nights st&riit; and still. One night, having important letters to finish, I sat np writing after all the household were in bed. The window was open, and at intervals I glanced up from my paper acroSB tbe moonlit lawn, where tbe shadows of the cedars lay dark and motionless. Now and then a great downy moth wonld flutter in and hover ronnd the shaded lamp ; now and then the swallows under the eaves uttered a faint, sleepy chirp. For all other signs and sounds of life I might have been the only watcher in all the sleeping world. X bad finished my task and was jnst closing my writing-case when I beard a hurried movement in tbe roomabove — Ethel's. Footsteps descended the stairs, and the next moment the dining-room door opened, and Ethel appeared, in a long, white dressing-gown, with a small night-lamp in her hand. There was a look on her face which made me start np and exclaim : 'What is the matter! What has happened!' She set down the lamp and came to wards me. ' I have heard it again,' she breathed, laying her hand on my wrist ' Yon have beard — what !' ' The noise in the box-room.' I stared at her a moment in bewilder ment, and then half smiled. ' Ob. is that it !' I exclaimed, in a tone of relief. ' Yon have been dream ing again, it seems !' ' I have not been to asleep at all,' she replied. 'The sounds have kept me awake. They are louder than the first time ; the child seems to be sobbing and crying as if his heart wonld break. ' It is miserable to hear it ' Have you looked inside !' I asked, impressed in spite of myself by her manner. 'No, I dared not to-nigbt I was "afraid of seeing — something,' sheretnroed with a shiver. ' Come we must get to the bottom of this mystery,' I said cheerfully, and tak ing np the lamp I led the way op stairs to her room. As the door of the mysterious closet was level with the wall, and papered like it, I did not perceive it till Ethel pointed it ont. I listened with my ear close to it, bnt heard tbe faintest sound, and after waiting a moment, threw it open and looked in, holding tbe lamp so that every corner was lighted. It was a cramped, close airless place, the ceiling (which was immediately below the upper staircase) sloping at an acute angle to the floor. El glance showed me that it con tained nothing but a broken chair and a couple of empty boxes. Slightly shrugging my shoulders, I closed the door. ' Your ghost is " vox et pr&terea; nihil," it seems,' I remarked dryly. ' Don't you think, Ethel, you may have been Ethel held up her baud motioning me to silence. 'Hark,' she whispered, 'there it is again 1 Bat it was dying away now. Listen ' I complied, half infected by her excite- : ment, bnt within and without" the honse all was profoundly still 'There — it has ceased,' she said at length, drawing a deep breath. ' You heard it did yon not!' I shook my head. My dear Ethel, there is nothing to hear.' She opened her bine eyes to tbeir widest. 'Papa — am I not to believe the evidence of my own senses ! ' Not when they are affected by nervous excitement. If you give way to tins fancy, yon will certainly make yourself ill. See how yon tremble ! Come, lie down again, and try to sleep.' ' Not here,' she returned, glancing ronnd with a shudder. 1 shall go to the spare chamber. Nothing wonld induce me to spend another night in this room.' £ said no more, bnt I felt perplexed and uneasy. It was so nnlike Ethel to indnlge in BuperstitiouB fancies that I began to fear ehe must be seriously out of health, and I resolved for my own satisfaction to have a doctor's opinion regarding her. It happened that our nearest neigh bour was a physician, whom I knew by repute, though not personally acquainted with him. After breakfast, without mentioning my intention to my daugh ter, I sent a note to Dr. Cameron, requesting him to call at his earliest convenience. He came without delay ; a tall, grey- bearded man of middle age, with a grave, intelligent face,' observant eyes and sympathetic mariner. ' His patient received with undisguised astonishment, and on learning that he had called at my request she gave me a look , of mate reproach. ' I am sorry that papa troubled yon, Dr. Cameron. There is really nothing whatever the matter with me,' she said. And indeed at that moment, with flashed cheeks, and eyes even brighter Rimi mqtal, she looked as little tike an invalid as conld well be imagined. 'My dear Ethel,' I interposed, ' when people take to dreaming startling dreams, and hearing supernatural sounds, it is a sign of something wrong with either mind or body— as I am sore Dr. Cameron will teU'you.' The doctor started perceptibly. 'Ah — is that Miss Dysatt's ease !' he enquired, turning to her with a sodden look of interest. She coloured and hesitated. ' I have had a strange — experience, which papa considers adelnsion; I daresay yon will be of thj same opinion.' 'Suppose yon tell me what it was !' he suggested. _ She was silent, trifling with one of her silver bangles. ' Please excuse me,' she said hurriedly, at length. ' I don't care to speak of it ; but papa will tell you; And before I conld detain her, she had hurriedly left the room. When we were alone be turned to me enquiringly, and in a few words I related to him what the reader already knows. He listened without interruption, and when I had finished, sat tor some moments withont speaking thoughtfully stroking his beard. He was evidenaly impressed by what he heard, and I waited anxiously for his opinion. At length he looked np. ' Mr. Dysart,' he arid, gravely, « yon will be surprised to learn that your daughter is not the first who haa had this strange " experience." Previous tenants of The Ceders have heard exactly the sounds which ehe describes.' I poshed my chair back half-a-yard in my astonishment. ' Impossible 1' He nodded emphatically. ' It is a fact, thongh I don't pretend to explain it These strango manifesta tions have been noticed at intervals for the last three or four years ; ever since the honse was occupied by a Captain Vandeleur, whose orphan nephew ' ' Vandelenr !' I interrupted ; ' why, be was a client of ours. He insured bis nephew's life in onr office for a large amount, and ' And a few months afterwards the child suddenly and mysteriously died !' my companion pot in. A singular coincidence, to say the least of it' ' So singular,' 1 acquiesced, ' that we thought it a case for enquiry, particular ly as the ex-captain did not bear the best of characters, and was known to be over head and ears in debt Bnt I am bound to say that after the closest in vestigation nothing was discovered to suggest a suspicion of fool play.' Nevertheless there had been foal play,' was the doctor's reply. ' Yon don't mean that he murdered the boy 1 that pretty, fragile-looking little fellow ' 'No, he did not murder him, bnt be let him die,' Dr. Cameron rejoined. ' Perhaps yon were not aware,' he continued, ' that tbe little lad was some what feeble in mind as well as body ? I attended him more than once, at Vande- leur's request, and found that among other strange fears and antipathies he had a morbid dread of darkness. To be left alone in a dark room for only a few minntes was enough to throw him into a paroxysm of nervons excitement. His nncle — who, by the way, professed more affection for him than I could quite believe in, when I noticed how the child shrank from him — consulted me as to uuc urai weans ul uvercooiing tula weak ness. I strongly advised him to hnmonr it for the present, warning him that any mental shock might endanger the boy's reason, or even Ms life. I little thought those words of mine would prove his death warrant' ' What do yon mean !' 'Only a few days afterwards, Vande lenr locked him np all night in a dark closet, where he was fonnd the next morning, crouching against the wall ; bis hands clenched, his eyes fixed and staring — dead.' Good heavens, how borrible ! Bnt no word of this was mentioned at the inquest!' ' No ; and I did not hear of it myself till long afterwards, from a woman who had been Yandelenr's honsekeensr. bnt was too mnch afraid' of him to betray him at the time. From her, too, I learnt by what refined cruelty the poor tittle lad's nerves had been shaken and his health undermined. .If " the inten tion makes tbe deed," James Vandelenr was a murderer. ' I was silent a moment, thinking, with an uncomfortable thrill, of Ethel's dream. ' I wish I had never entered this ill-omened house !'. I exclaimed at length. ' I dread the effect of this reve lation on my daughter's mind' ' Why need yon tell her !' he ques tioned. ' My advice is to say nothing more about it. The sooner she forgets the subject the better. Send her away to the seaside - change of air and scene will soon efface it from her memoiy.' He rose as he spoke, and took up his hat. ' What has become of Vandelenr !' I enquired. ' I have heard nothing of him since we paid the polity.' ' He has been living abroad, I believe — going to the dogs, no doubt. Bnt he is in England now,' the doctor added : ' or else it was his "fetch " which I saw kt yonr gate the other night.' ' At onr gate !' I echoed in astonish ment. What , the denes was he doin? there! ' He seemedto be watching the bonse. It was last Sunday evening. I bad been dining: with friends at Richmond, and on my way back, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I noticed -a man 'leaning over the gate of The Cedars.' On hear ing footsteps he turned- and walked away, bat not before I bad caught a glimpse otitis face in the moonlight' ' And yon are sure it was he!' ' Almost certain —although he was greatly altered Yof ' the worse; I have a presentiment, do yon know, that you will see or hear of Mm youttelf'' before long,' he added thoughtfully, as be shook hands and went his way. I lost no time in following his advice with regard to Ethel, whom I despatched to Scarborough, in charge of my married sister, a few daya later. I had taken a hearty dislike to The Cedars, and resolved to get it off my hands as soon as might be. Until another tenant conld be fonnd, however, I continued to occnpy it, going to and from town as before. One evening I was sittiDg on the lawn, smoking an after-dinner cigar, and re reading Ethel's last letter, which quite reassured me as to her health and spirits, when onr sedate old housekeeper pre sented herself with the information that " a party " had called to see the house. . A gentleman or a lady!' I enquired. ' A gentleman, sir, bnt he didn't give his name I fonnd the visitor standing near the open window of the drawiog-room ; a tall, gannt man of thirty-five or there- abonts, with handsome but haggard features, -and restless dark eyes. His lips were covered by a thick moustache, wMch he was nervously twisting aa he stood looking ont at the lawu. ' This honse is to let, I believe ; will yon allow me to look over it !' he aaked, turning towards me as "I entered. His voice seemed familiar ; I looked at him more closely, and then, in epite of the change in his appearance, I recog nised Captain Vandelenr. What could have brought him here, I wondered. Sorely he would not care to return to the house, even if be were in a position to do so — which — judging from the shabbiness of his appearance, seemed very doabtfnl. Half-a-dozen vague conjectures flashed through my mind, as I glanced at his face, and noticed the restless, 'hunted' look which told of some wearing dread or anxiety. After a moment's hesitation I assented to his reqaest, and resolved to conduct him myself on his tour of inspection. ' I think I have met you before,' I said, feeling carious to know whether he recollected me. He glanced at me absently. ' Possibly — bnt not of late years ; for I have heen living abroad,' was his reply. Having shown him the apartments on the ground-floor, I led the way upstairs. He followed me from room to room in an absent, listless fashion, till we came to the chamber which Ethel bad oc cupied; Then his interest seemed to revive all at once. He glanced qnickly ronnd tbe walls, his eyes resting on the door of the box- closet. That is a bath or dressing-room, I suppose,' be said, nodding towards it. No, only a place for lumber. Per haps I ought to tell yon that it is said to be haunted,' I added, affecting to speak carelessly, while I kept my eyes on his face. He started and tnrned towards me. ' Haunted — by what !' he inquired, with a faint sneer. 'NotMng worse than rats or mice, I expect.' 'There is a tragical story connected with that place,' I answered, deliberately. ' It is said that an nnfortnnate child was shut up there to die of fear, in the dark.' The colour rushed to his face, then retreated, leaving it deadly white. ' Indeed he faltered 'and do yon mean to say that he — the child — has been seen!' ' No, bnt he has been heard, knocking within, and crying to be let ont. The fact is confirmed by every tenant who has occupied the honse since ' I stopped short, startled by the effect of my revelation. My companion was gazing at me with a blank stare of horror which banished all other expression from his face. ' Good heavens 1' I heard him mutter ; (mm it Ka hmn 9 flan tllifl ha fcha ppucnn why I was drawn hack to the place in spite of myself? Recollecting himself, however, he turned to me, and forced Ms white tips into a smile. ' A mysterions story f he commented, drily. ' I don't believe a word of it, myself bnt I ehould hardly care to take a honse with snch an uncanny repntation. I think I need not trouble you any farther. As he turned towards the door, I saw his figure sway as if he were falling. He pnt his hand to his side, with a gasp of paiu, a bluish shade gathering over his face. 1 Are yon ill !' I exclaimed in alarm. ' I — it is nothiog. I have a weakness of tbe heart, and I am subject to these attacks. May I ask yon for a glass of water !' ' ' I left the room to procure lb When I returned I found that he had fallen upon the bed in a dead swoon. I hastily despatched a servant for Dr. Cameron, who happened to be at home, and came immediately. He recognised my visitor at once, and glanced at me significantly. I rapidly explained what had happened, while he bent over the unconscious, man, and bared Ms chest to listen to the heart beats. mi 1 J LI 1£ LI- I. YY lieu ue nuoni uuuwu uu i«n wee ominously grave; ' Is he in danger !' tasked, qnickly. ' Not in immediate danger, bnt the next attack will probably be iris last. His heart is inhrtally diseased.' It was nearly an hour before Vandelenr awoke, and then only to partial con sciousness. He lay in a sort of stupor, his limbs nerveless, iris hands cold and damp. ' It is impossible to remove him in thiB condition,' the doctor remarked ; ' If ear he most stay here for the night. I will send you someone to watch him.' ' Don't trouble — I intend, to sit np with him myself, I replied, speaking on an impulse I conld hardly explain. He looked at me keenly oyer his spectacles. ' Should yon like me to, share your watch !' he enquired, after a moment. ' I shall be only too glad of your com pany, if you can come without inconven ience. He nodded. ' I must leave you now, but- I- wili return in an hoar,' be responded. Three boars had passed away it -was nearly midnight. The night was op pressively close, and profoundly still, The bedroom window stood wide open, bnt not a breath of air stirred the cui> tains. Outside, all was vague and dark, for neither moon nor stars were visible. - Vandelenr still lay, half-dressed, on the bed, bnt now asleep. His deep, regular breathing sounded distinctly in the silence. Dr. Cameron sat near the dressing-table, reading by the .light of a shaded lamp. I, top, bad a book, but fonnd it impossible to keep my . attention fixed upon it. My mind was possessed by an uneasy feeling, half dread,, half expectation. I fonnd myself listening nervously to fancied sounds, and start ling when tbe doctor turned a leaf.. At lengtb, overcome by the -beat >and stillness, I closed my eyes, and nnconr scionsly sank into a doze. How long ,it lasted I cannot tell, but I woke abruptly, and looked ronnd with a sense . of vague alarm. I glanced at the doctor. He had laid down his book, and was lean ing forward with one arm on the dressing- table, looking intently towards the door of the box-room. Instinctively I held my breath and listened. Never shall I forget the thrill that ran through my nerves when I heard from witbin a muffled knocking -sound, and a child's voice, distinct, though faint, and broken by sobs, crying piteously : ' Let me ont — let me out !' ' Do you hear ? I whispered, bending forward to my companion. He inclined his bead in assent and motioned me to be silent, pointing to wards the bed. Its occupant moved uneasily, as if disturbed, . muttering incoherent phrases. Suddenly he poshed back his covering and sat upright, gaz ing round with a wild bewildered.stare. The pitiful entreaty was repeated more violently, more passionately than be fore. 'Let me ont, let me out !' With a cry that rang through the room, Vandelenr sprang from the bed, reached the closet door . in two strides, and tore it open. It was empty. Empty at least to our eyes, bnt it was evident onr companion beheld what we could not. For a few breathless seconds be stood as if frozen, hia eyes fixed with the fas cination of terror on something jnst within the threshold ; then, as if retreat ing before it, he recoiled step by step across the room till he was stopped by the opposite wall, where he crouched -in an attitude of abject fear. The sight was so horrible that I could bear it no loDger. Are you dreaming ! Wake up !' I exclaimed, and shook his shoulder. He raised Ms eyes, and looked at me vacantly. His tips moved, bnt no sound came from tbem. Suddenly a convul sive shudder ran throngh Mm and he fell heavily forward at my feet ' He has swooned again,' I said tam ing to my companion, who stooped and" lifted the drooping head on to his knee. After one glance he laid it gently down again. ' He is dead,' was his grave reply. And -with Vandeleur's death my story ends, for after that night the sonndB were heard no more. The forlorn tittle ghost was at rash 