DISTRICT NEWS. [ConitBsrONDENTa aro invited to sond us communications of any subject relating to the welfare of the district,! COUHIXUTOI. Tn R WBATIIEII.-Rain Is badly wanted here at present, both fe r crops and pint uro, and ovoryone ls eagerly looking for lt. Wo have had a few Bhowors during tho last few weeLi, hut n sutllclont to do any pormnnent good, a few days sun romoA.'iyj every trace of it. At present tho sky is overcast wi,h clout't thai seem heavily charged with the watery element, but they seem very unwilling to part with lt. Some of tho days lately have beon unbeatably hot, notably last Sunday, on which day the thermometer must havo regia tercel ovor 100 degrees. TUE Citoiu - Some rain that fell about a fortnight agu en ah1 I tho fur mers to got their corn planted, but after comh g up thciJ was not sufficient molBturo to koop lt growing, and a great denl of it ls in a languishing condition, and insanw places has quite giren up tao ghost. Corn which Is now lipo Is In most crises a good crop, but in some instances a complete full uro. Up tba rivera little further the enrly crop was cut down and replanted. Despite every obstacle the cano crop nourishes, ana promises tho grower it good return for his labour, but this crop has n formld- ? able enemy to contend with, in tho ulm tia of frost, from which the maine crop Is exempt, which makes things about equal. OunBcnoou- This building ls slowlyappronolilng completion, the roof being now on. tho dimeulty in getting carpenters ts the principal reason of the dulay in it) construction. I havo not yet seen tho building, but 1 benrlt is altogether too sm' \ Whut with small school housos and no teachers, usidence, we: .» badly treated by tho Department. Hut lt ls our own fault. AOUIDKKTS. -We have had our own share of casu ali ties sinco tho now year cunio in* Tho first to record was that of Mr James Campbell, who got a severe wrench of the ancle by a horse which dragged him som o distance Ho waa confined to tho house for somo tiuio, but ls now all risk . The next unfortunate waa Mr A. Head, who hud ono arm broken, and tho other sprained, through n, fall from a horse. Ile is now able to knock about a little. Next was Mr J. Livingstone, jun., who had tho misfortune to mu a snake bone into one of ida lingen while cane stripping. Tho flngor became so Inflamed that he becamo alarmed, and sought medical advice. Ampu' * tlon was ut first thought necessary, but 1 nm happy to any tho Üngor was saved, and is nownuarly well again, The Inst acci- dent to report was a broken collar bono, to tho credit of Mr J>. Camoron.tgot by a h ors o falling£on him. Tho animal, which was rather rowdy, attempted to bolt, nnd tho bridle breaking on ono Bide, loft tho rider ut his mercy. However, Cameron did what he could with ono rein, but soon h nd to bite thc dust, whether from being thrown or thu horse falling he cannot re- member, os ho wus stunned and remained unconscious fur nearly an hour. A buggy was borrowed to convoy tho sufferer ta Cnslno for medical attendance, nud whllo getting ready tho animal attached to it bolled, smashing the shafts, and loaring Cam ur ou no alternative but to rid u 16 milos. He is now ona fair toad to recovery.-February 10. 