lovelier. '?DAN LYONS' DOOM. ;. By WAIF WANDEE. ??': Vi CHAPTER V.— (CoimnuuD.) I' My God!' murmured that wretched bemg.ashe got np and went away past the growling dog, ' surely my punishment is too . greatl' Tho children both rose and stood looking after tho priest's retreating form. Neither o£ them had heard his despairing ejaoulation, i but they could bos from the unfortunate ?''.; ;?????: being's gestures that ho was in great pain of Bomekind. 'He muBt bo very ill,' the gentle littlo girl said. 'Is that a clergyman?' asked Daniel, with a heavy frown over hi3 fine, and yet Bngry eyes. 'I think so. Hois oalled Father James, you know Daniel, and don't you see his ? dress?' 'I know nothing- about his dress; I never saw a priest boforo, hut I know one thing, and that is that whoever that man is he is a ? bad one.' ' Oh dear, how can you tell ? ho was a ?little rnde I think, but he looks ill, and sickness makes people short-tompercd, mama lays.' They resumed their work on tho grave, and were ailent for some moments, nnd it tvaB Daniel who broke tho silonoe by tho abrupt question. ' Besignation, did you ever see a pioturo of Dan Lyons ? '. .''Oh no I. why do you ask that?' the ehild asked, as ebo again lifted her eyes and', tested them on tho boy'a faco, ' Because I ?honld liko to know exactly what ho was liko ; you know something about it, don't you 7 I've often asked mother to describe him to me, but she only turns her face away from me when I do. What was he liko Eesigna .- tion? What kind of faoo had ho?' 11 Mama has told me,' was the reply in a .low voioe, as the little girl glanced around with'a shudder;' and I often dream that I Bm looking in his bad face. He was a tall, Stout man, with a fat, red faoe, and great coarse hands and feeii. ' He used to drink awfully too, and was always bad, evon beloro he killed my poor, darling papa.' _ ' Of course ho was,' Daniel obsorved de eidedly,' and Dan Lyons was big and fat— oh?' - 'Yes.' 'I wonder what booa'mo of him ; tho police ? never got on his traok.' . ' Oh no, I hopo ho is dead.' 'I hope ho is not I I hope I shall seo him die by_ mohes 1 ' Resignation shook her head. Daniel's faoe was flushed with passion, his hands were clenched, and his grand dark eyea seemed to flointillato. ' It is so strange that you should feel it bo,' the girl deolared, ' Mama often remarks that if it- had been your own father who waa killed you could not have hated his murderer more.' ' That is true, I could not.' v Again there was a short ailonoe, again broken by the lad. 11 Eesignation tell me about a sensitive plant ; what is it ?' ' A sensitive plant 1 Oh, it is a plant whose leaves shrink and olose at the slightest .. touoh. Why, Daniel ?' 'I winh we could get one and plant it hero,' replied the boy, laying his hand just Over where tho heart of the dead man had onoo rested, ' and then if Dan Lyons dared to put his foot near this, tho loavos would tell us.' ' I'm afraid they could not do that, Daniel,' Besignation said with a littlo sigh, ' but God will toll us, aomo day.' 'Aye, child, God will tell you some day, but it will bo so near tho moment when you flhall seo your father's faco for tho fl'rBk time that the horror of tho knowledge shall bo overwhelmed for ever in the brightness of an everlasting heaven.' And that wrctehod being, who had rushed away from the grave, with his hands clenched and an awful horror in his eyes, opened tho gate and went outside tho fence of tho on olosure._ Where was ho going ? Ho did not know himself at the moment ; anywhere, any whore away from tho preRonoo of those chil dren, and tho vicinity of that grave. Ho sat down whon he had gone a littlo way down the hillside, and bent his white face into hig hands ; but that did not hide from his hidden oyea those staring blaok letters on tho white Btono — ' Vengeance is Mine ; I will repay, Baith thn Lord.' Thoro was tho rustlo of . leaves and grans around him, and tho twittor of birds over his head, but he hoard only tho words Designation St. Herriok had repeated ftshermother'fl: 'As surely as God's Hun shines in tho eky, God'a vengeance will over take Dan Lyons, the murderer.' ?Father James Bat thoro for some time, and then ho suddenly lifted his head and looked np at the pure, palo- bluo, sun-flooded sky above him. Was ho thinking of the Great First Cause, whose dwolling our human veneration looated high abovo tho olouds, Whether they float abovo tho far East ot tho far Went ; tho ioy Norfh or the frozen South? Was ho doubting tho possibility of a prayer reaching tho foot of the Great Whito Throne through that polluoid other that wag as brans to tho prnyoru of the unrepentant sinner? Who may toll? But he got up as suddenly aa ho bad seatod him BOlf, and drained a little flask ho had in his pooket ere he went on his way with a doter mined step. He muttered to himself as ho went, atrango words that but hinted wildly at tho secret he carried. ' I will bo a coward no longor ; it ib the only chanco or hopo,' wore somo of tho words that droppod from his pulo, drawn lips. ' I have come all theso miles to do it, and now . that I am hero I dread to apeak. Nonsense, she is but a woman after all, and if aha denies me I oannot b& woroo than I am.' It was toward a pretty oottago at tho very outskirts of tho township that his stopa woro i turned. It lay in tho midst of enoiroling verdure, and faced tho oreok. Whon one crossed tho littlo bridge that orossod Kobnn Greek tlfey stood at tho gato of tho cottage, on the very threshold, as it wore, of tho garden in front of it. This oottago was the one Mr. Pollard had ? built for tho widow of Oolonol St. Horriok, and he had dono all that was possible to give brightness to tho homo of tho poor lady whom all pitied ; but ho had failed. . How is it that thero is a something always visible in oven the outside of a houso to hint at the feelings indulged by those who inhabit it ? The garden of tho oottago was neatly kept, for Designation and her rough friend Daniel Griffiths spent muoh of thoir time in it, but tho very flowers were chosen for their aub dued tints. There were no flaunting oolors there among tho green freshness. Perhaps the prinoipalreijson that glaring and gaudy oolors wera avoided waa the foot that evory. thing at the oottage was cultivated with tho one idea that at somo time or other, in blossom or plant , must go to dooorate that saorod grave of the husband and father. In no garden round Marranga.wero seen auoh lovely whito and yollow and polo blush roses. May and jasmine and honeysuckle, and great pale pasBion-flowers made bo'autif ul ? tho trellis work of the fsummor -house and droopod from tho vorandah. In their season tall, whito Easter lilias stood spntinol ovor tho beds as did that whito stono in tho oomotory over the breaBt of tho murderod man, and tho Guelder roses, big balls of clustering blosBom, floated in a ecu of green loaves near the pale blossom ing lilac Into thia gardon of pale, pure flowers stepped that blaok-robed man with tho hollow eyes that wo know aa Fathor James. If his heart beat hard and painfully thero was no outward ovidenoo of it aa he knocked at tho door under tho shadowod vorandah. Thero was no sound to tell of lifo in that still house. Tho windows in front were hung with dark colors, and there was no floatingbraoze blown lace to give lightness and graco to the rooms within. When Mrs. St. Horriok's great troublo fell upon her lifo she accepted it as full and complete as though no sun ever shona on God's other gifts, at least, for her. When she opened tho door to that knook, Father James's eyes rosted on a woman as white-faced as himself, and with robos as hopelessly blaok. Sho was young, at least oomparativoly bo, thirty- two or throe years old perhaps, and Bho might have been beautiful once, but in her features thoro was no traoo of gentle Resigna tions sweet features or expression. Mrs. St. Herrick's hair was dark and her eyes grey, but every feature was hard and cold and bitter, for bIio had never forgiven Fato for the oruel blow that had stricken her lifo's idol from hor side. If I dared to say it I would hint thc4 she had never forgiven the God who^ had afflioted her, and yet, strange anomaly, ohe had borne sweet, patient Resignation St. Herrick. When she stood before tho man it was with il VmrrI nnpnfTnninfT fftnfl tlinf. r\lr\ nnh nlinnrro until sho grasped his errand. ? 'I am Father Jumes Brady, the now tenant of St. Herriok's, and have some business with Mrs. St. Herriok.' ' I am sho,' was the reply ; but she mado no movement to admit him. ' I have come on an errand of suoh moment that, I am sure I need not apologise for re questing an interview. I have como to you at the request of that unhappy man, Dan Lyons.' 'What?' 'It is tfue, madam; I have como from him.' ? ..'Ob, heaven 1 has the time come at last I Shall I see my darling avenged at last; at last 1' She had seized his arm with no gentlo hand, and waB dragging the priest into the sitting-room while sho waB speaking. ' He has been caught ? He has given him. self up ? He has confessed ? Ho is oon demhed? He will die? Come in and toll me all — alii1' He fell rather than sat down upon a ohair rear tho door, and lifted his hat for a moment, only bowover as if to relievo himself of an in tolerable burden for ono moment, for he re placed it inBtnntly. Mrs. St. Horriok had, however, seen tho tonsure, and it was to her a confirmation of hor dearest hopes. ' Yes, you are a priest,' she added excitedly, 'you havo seen tho monster, and ho has con fessed to you, and you bring mo tho glorious tidings.' ' It is a mistake,' the visitor roplied in a low tone, as his oyes remained riveted on tho carpet at hia feet. ' It is true that Dan Lyons has confessed to mo, but ho is far away in another land, and is not a prisonor.' 'Not a priaonor I You know of his orime, yet the murderer iB free. You then are an accomplice — a villain of as deep a dye aa Dan the accursed himself ! ' ' I am a priest,' tho man replied, in a voieo that trombled in spito of him, ' and I reoeived the confession of tho man under tho snored seal of the confessional. I am hero with tho words that unhappy man has put in my mouth to speak to you. Will you listen to them ? ' ' Yes, I will listen.' Mrs. St. Herrioks sat down opposite Father James with hor eyea full of tho strong deter mination that was a prominent point in hor oharaotor, and her heart waB beating with a wild hope. Oh yeB, Bho- would listen, anu with suoh aouto pars that not one olno that might trap tho spiller of blood should escape them 1 ' I must toll you his story — tell it to you from tho moment when ho fled from Mar ranga.' ' From tho moment that ho knew my poor husband had written, denouncing him with fingers that wero stiffening in darkness and doath 1 Go on I ' 'Well, he fled. Ho had means, for in tho very instant tho falling earth in tho olaim shut in St. Horriok'a face, he saw gold in Binning pieces in tho soil around him, and scoured enough to talto him far away from tho sceno ot his crimo, nor was it exhausted when he oamo a repontant man, to the monastery of whoso order I was a brother. ''Whore was it ?' tho widow asked, as hor braath camo think. ' It does not matter. It was on tho Gon tinont, and Dan Lyons gavo the brothers his gold, and beoame ono of tho brotherhood. For years ho lived an inoarooratod and Belf donying lifo in that monastery, only to grow thinner and whitor, and more bony and haggarcl with each day, for ho had not con fessed his orimo, and hia sin lay liko lead on his soul. 'At last ho pluoked up courage, and ho confessed — ' ' ' To you ? ' interrupted Mra. St. Her riok. ' Yes, it waa to me, and oh, tho talo ho told was awful enough to soften the hardest hoart — oven you, agaiiiBt whom his sin was groat-cot, would havo pitiod tho wretched being, had you heard tho story of hia suffer uufferinRB. 'HI pity Dan Lyons 1 ' Sho actually laugnod as she fltarcd in tho priest's faca, a laugh that was aa wild as waa a laugh within tho coll of a maniac. 'Yea you would,' ho oriod angrily, and then aho noted for tho first timotho smoulder ing firo in hia deep-sot oyea, ' you aro not a rook or a stone, you aro a woman, and you muBt fcol 1 ' ' Yes, I feel,' Mro. St. Horriok. exclaimed, ' fcol that if I could Bavo Dan Lyons from eternal torture by lifting up my flngor I should out it Off, lost I should lift it in my Bleep. Who aro you who aakfl a woman to pity hor huoband'a murderer?' 'Listen yet,' the priest went on, but both his pallor and the firo in his eyes woro inten sified as he saw the unforgiving passion in the widow's faco, ' you know the man's Bin but you do not know ila punishment. Tboro is not a living being but tho man who spoaks to you now that knows what woro the last words your husband spoke. Shall I toll them tojou?' ' Yes, tell them.' ' Thoy wero thoso : ' If you loave mo hero to-day, as you see my face now, you will see it at this hour ovory night until you die your pelf, and your own death will bo worse than mine — aye a hundred times.' ' ' My husband said that ? ' \- ' Yea, and tho ourao has boen fulflllod. It ?was after sundown whon Dan Lyons loft him thoro to dio alone in the collapsed olaim, and he did not dio until after midnight.' 'How do you know? Oh, my God, how do you know that my darling suffered bo long ? ' ' Booauso from sunset to midnight for noarly twelve awful yoars Colonel St. Hor riok's faoe is before Dan Lyons' oyoa. No matter where ho goea, or how he hides, it is thoro, alwaya thore. Seas have been botwoon him and tho dead man'a grave, hut that faco is olonr and fresh as though tho real faoo had not moulderod to dust yoars ago. Oh, think of that wrotohed man's misery and pity him now.' Father Jamoa might have boon pleading for himsolf so earnest, ho oraving, so pleading was his trembling tones. With his thin white fln gors clasped as in prayor, ho bent forward, and, with great tears in his awful eyes, begged for pity on tho far distant man who had blood on his hands 1 ' Was'it my pity ho sent you all thoso thou sands oi milo3 to ask ? ' tho widow Baid with a sneer. ' No, it was for your forgivenoBB, amljin the name of that Christ wo both worship give it to him I ' ' Never ; if my own salvation was tho for feit I should not forgive Dan Lyons I Go man, you aro mooking mo 1 How dare you ask a widow to forgive tho murderer of her huBband.' Ono moment yet, oh listen yet. A holy man haa told that wrotohod man that the moment ho roooivoa your forgiveness ho will ceaao to bo a haunted man — oh, for tho meroy and oharity and pity ol Almighty God, forgivo him I ' ' You are mad 1 ' sho oried, as she roso and pointed to the door; 'you are a mad man and I am a lone woman— go ! I heard that you woro ill and I am sorry for you, but I did not know you wero a lunatio or I would not havo admitted you. I shall toll no one of this absurd' visit, so you see I am meroiful, though I would not forgive a monster.' Ho roso and faced her. 'I atu not mod,' he said, 'and I have only delivered Dan Lyons' message. Onoo more is your answer no — you will not forgivo aa you hopo for forgiveness ? ' 'Never! Havo I not said it? I am a woman, but I could see Dan Lyons tortured to death and rejoice in the eyes that enabled mo to see it ! ' Father Jamos looked steadily into tho ex citod woman's flashing oyoa, a look that aho never forgot and that puniBhed her for her hard heart until the light ot lifo loft her own eyoa. ' I have heard your answer, and now listen to Dan Lyon's worda. ' If Bhe refuses, tell hor that what Bho has suffered in tho past shall bo a? nothing to what sho shall suffor in tho future— that I Bwear before high heaven 1 ' ' If Dan had been swearing himsolf ho oould not have looked more terrible than that blaok robedmanl ' As ho lifted his thin hand up with the oath, Mrs. St. Herriok fell baok on her seat scathed by the terrible look in hia eyes, and Father Jumes went oct alono, brushing the pale flowers of tho garden -with the skirts of his blaok coat and wiping his feet On tho threshold aa ono who leaves a curse behind him. CHAPTER VI. Tnn HOGGET OIiitM. Lrt'uh suppose a gap of two or threo weeks between the opening of this chapter and the alo3o of the last, and note a few of the events that had occurred during those weeks. In the first plaoo shaft No. 2 in tho gully had been cleared out,, rigged with a windlass arid other digging gear, and a oompany of four, formed as proprietors, though but two of them wero working partners. Of the four of course Tady and hia master woro two, and tho other two wero Charlie Ellis, the favorito young troopor stationed at Marranga, and a young man named George Clark, tho son of a farmer in tho vioinity of the township. In olaim No. 1 a groat deal of work had also been dono, but thero was a great deal more to do. For ono thing tho No. 1 workings had been originally far moro developed than any other opened in tho gully, and had, at tho time of the murder, and in oonsequonoo of tho murderer's displacement of tho props to ef fect hia purpose, fallen in almost from tho surface, so that to onablo tho mining to ba resumed on the original plan, a great deal of oloaring-out work had to bo done. Whilo his brothor Conn, and'othor engaged men woro occupied in this work.Father Jamos had been almost entirely confined to hia room, and no one oould doubt his illness who looked into his face. There was a dreadful warfare going on in that miserable man's broast — a wariare that Nora never once was aware of or noticod, that Conn, saw but did not quite understand, but that Mrs. Brady watched with a keen eye and a purpose deathly and vindiotive. He wandored around the gardens in the dtiBk of evenings, avoiding hie kind as though the sight of a human faoe waa hateful to him, and moro oapeoially did tho eight of his mother act upon him in tho strangest inan nor. Ho would shudderif his eyo met her'a, and turn away hurriedly Bomotimes, whilo at othors ho would meet hor-look with ono so awful— no full of whito, threatening anger — that sho would hasten away with tho foar of sho dared soarcoly think what in hor hard ened hoavt. In tho dead houra of night, too, thoro were oomotimes heard Bhrioks as for moroy, and shouta as of triumph, and groans aa of a deathly agony, and whon thoso of St. Horriok's heard them they woro wont to cover thoir heads np in tho bed- clotbos, and wait for Bilenoo in fear and trembling. But St. Horriok'fl was far from another houee, and no hint of these disturbanooa Lad as yet leaked out for Nora, who was tho only ignorant ono of tho family, waa a heavy sleeper, and easily terrified by a hint at ghosts; ho they had littlo trouble with hor ; only Tady, hor lover, felt tho troublesome effeots of tho ghost rumour, for Nora would not meet him after dusk for all hie bribes of ribbona and cheap jewelry, and ho was work ing ho, lmrd'in tho jay time that ho oould not snatch many momonts to gladden hia littlo oyos with a sight of his darling's faoo. Ono brilliant morning, when tho sun's raya woro sparkling in tho waters of Crook Roban, like a rain of diamonds, and whon every leaf and flower Boomed to havo retained nil tho frcahnosa of tho nweot dow, Loonard Prossor mounted his horBO and rodo tho short distanca botweon the Marranga Hotol and tho Mar ranga Polico Station. His destination was tho latter, for during tho timo that has elapsod ainoe I oloood my laut ohaptor, Loonard had foimod a sincoro liking for young Troopor Ellis, who had by ohanoa bo- come a partner in;No. 2 claim with Leonard Prossor/ As the young Irishman rodo up to the sta tion, Charlie Ellis led his horse out from tho stable by a side gate and brightly greotod hia now friond, and if ono had called a parade oE all tho ' mounted men' in Australia, thoy oould not have pioked out a oleaner- limbed, a bettor made, or a handsomer-f aoed member of tho corps than Trooper Charlie Ellis. No ono ovoSoalled Aim ' Ohawlos.' You could not fnnoy such a thing, looking in his bright, opon, boyish faoo. Ho was Ghatlio with every ono, and, aa I havo said before, a favourite, with every one also. ' My word, what a killing swell you aro this morning, Oharlio I' said Leonard, as he drew his horso up, ' whoever gets your breeohos up deserves a testimonial.' 'Yob, ProBser, I flatter myself they're a good fit,' Baid tho young ohap as ho scanned his handsome limbs, ' but as for being a swoll, you must remember that it is not overy 6ne who can afford to dross as oarelossly as yourself.' 'Is that intondod for a rap, Oharlip?' asked Loonard with a smilo ; ' woll, I boliovo I am rathor oareless, but isn't this tweed good enough for this occasion, oh?' ' You know I don't mean that, Prossor ; I moan that your appoaranoe is always that of a gontloman, no matter what you wear, whilo I must be natty to be noticod at all.' 'Oh, suoh apparent modesty 1 I thought yon wero above fishing for complimonts, Ellis? I am certain that you know aa woll as evory body olso that there ia not a handsomer young ohap within miles.' ' I know I'm not bad looking, but I envy your inchoa, and your broad shoulders. I'm suohTa little ohap, Leonard.' ' Do you oall fivo feet eight littlo?' ' Well, yea, I do — for a mao. Do you know that Miss Clark is five feet six and a half.' Leonard laughed pleasantly, and poor Oharlio's f&oo; grew rosy as a girl's. ' That was a slip at any rato, mydoar fel low, and so it is in comparison with ' Miss Clark's inohos that you are disgusted with your own? Now, do you know that I should . muoh prefar you medium length of limb to my own ?' ' Would you really ?' ' Yes ; and ladiea, espooially tall onos,' he added, with a sly glance at his companion as they rjde away together, ' alwaya liko men of niodium sizo best.' ' Hum — I hope it may prove bo in this instance, for to toll you the truth as a friend, ProBser, all my future happinesa deponda on Fanny Olark'a opinion of me.' ' My door fellow, you havo my vory best wiahea,' and tho hands of the two young men woro olaspod, ' and I think that as she is a young lady of taBte thore can be no doubt us to tho rosult of your hopes.' ' But look at my position, Leonard. How can I auk any girl brought; up as she has boon to become a polioeman's wife? Tho vory namo ia enough. If tho olaim would fulfil Tady's expootations now, there would be somo ohance.' ' Let us hopo Tady will bo a good prophet then, if only for your sake, Charlie. You know I caro very little for my own. I havo enough for oomfort, and havo no oraving for anything beyond what my income will afford me,' ' Lucky fellow 1' exolaimed Ellia, ' and you havo never fallen in love, yet?' 'In love? oh fifty times 1 I hoTo been in love always over Binoo I oan remember until within tho last few years. I think I must have used up all my allowance of what ia oalletl love in my aohool dayB, and so havo none left for my years of disorotion.' 'What is oalled love?' Charlie ropeated. ' Don't you believe in tho feeling, then ?' 'I can't from personal experionoe at least,' replied Leonard ; ' for the feeling that did duty for lovo with mo was bo inconstant that it Boldom lasted longer than until circum stances brought me in oontaot with a now face. But talking of the tender passion now, there's an inBtanco if you like in my friend Tady Connor,' and the speaker threw book his handsome head and laughed joyously. 'Is the d ? fool in earnest?' asked Charlie, with disgust. 11 In earnest ? I should think so 1 Ho is thinking of Nora and' nuggets from morning until night, and from night until morning, too, for ho muttors ' me darlin asthoro machreo Nora,' in hia dreams, and fancies he is stringing nuggets to hang round her 1 bewolieful nook '—oh yeB, he is in earnest— quite I ' ' Ridioulous I ' oried the young trooper almost angrily, ' a man of his ago and appear ance I ' ' Be moroiful, my dear young Adonis ! ' returned Leonard with a Btnile that showed hia strong whito teeth under hia glossy mouataoho ; ' muiit ono bo handsome to havo a hoart ? I aBsuro you that poor Tady has ono, and a warm and true one in spite of hit) disproportionate shape and funny limbs.' ' I don't doubt all that, but at his yoara ono might expoot sense enough to hide any ridioulous exhibitions of his folly.' _ ' I'm afraid Tady does not think sufll oiontly of appoaranoos,' responded Leonard with gravity and a sly glanoo at Charlie's 1 cords.' ' 'In ono senso ho does, 'quite enough, retorted tho young 'bobby' with somo boat ; ' I'm suro whsn he dons that blue suit with the brass buttons hiB airs of con soioua self-appreciation are siokoningl and beaides how oan ho feel anything for a girl liko that ? ' 'Is Miss Nora Brady not so lovely and lovoablo as poor Tady imagines her then? You know I havo novor aeon hen' ' Nora Brady ia a lump of a girl without, I do boliovo, ono ounce of braino. I don't believe I ovor aaw in my lifo a oroaturo ao unuttorably stupid and animal-like as sho.' ' Sho is no favorite thon, Oharlio? ' 'Not of mino, and I dotest the wholo family I ' Loonard looked wonderingly at his com panion. Himsolf of a oalm and oven temper and an nnoxoitablo temperament, to him tho strong feeling oxhibited by Oharlio Ellis was a mattor of surprise. ' I had business at St. Herriok's ono day,' tho young troopor wont on, 'and had an opportunity of sooing something of thoso Brady's. Mrs. Brady especially haa ono of the worst facoa I ever aaw, and if thoro wob any underhand and hidden law-breaking going on in Marranga, I should bo inolined to look for a oluo to it uudor tho roof of St. Herriok'S.' ' Talking of St. Horrick'a, that waa a Bad thing ubout Colonel St. Horriok'a murder. Now if I woro a policoman I think I should fool dooply interoatod in that orimo, especially stationed hero on tho spot.' (.'/'() be continued,') 