VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB RACES. THE CAULFIELD CUP. A day s racing such ns Saturday s ot Caul field must pass into turf history as an extra ordinay event, and its place will be justified by three circumstances, lhere was the largest attendance ever seen on the course an almost unprecedented field ot 41 horses started for the Caulfield Cn; and the alter noon was shadowed by a calamity entirely singular-undeniably sid-such a calamity as has hud no parallel in lustraban spoit The first ot the three lacla BIIOUI I be n ceutrivl point in nnynarration tor nearlv 20 000people g îthered togethe 'where no such number had ever previously Hsembled. The second was moro important but the third almost crowds out all other recollections of what would otlu.rulae have been a very enjoyable îneet ine lhe first observntiin must necessarily le nbout the weather How is it that the Caul field races are Bel lorn 'avourel by fine wea ther' lhe diy beiore the l uineas wns li brilliant Spring day, the day of the eiumeas was inferably wet Last J-riaoy was genial and winn uni gave some hope that the Cup was to be run under happy atmospheric conditions yet Saturday was ns wretched as could possibly be imagined one of those days on which a north wind bloi a us strongest and then dies a bizi, sultry dusty combination not improved evceptui" ui temper nure by a Btrong wind from me si t which closes the afternoon and gives promise ot a glorious Austrabau to morrow I ) walk the grounds in a generous min is scarcely less discomforting than to feel oneselt grudually becoming bc"nmed and irritable in on unceasing move ment ot dust, vet above all this the vast company bore themselves cheerlully and ap provmgly until a disaster drove away all thou"hts of the surroundings and left very little care for the sprrt ^ucli an event is happily of very rare occurrence at oui race meetings BO that they nre not lil ely to Buller in future \s tor the weather, the beat is hoped for from Mr Bonds ad ministration Some day he may bo able to strike a favourable ocle, when both Guineas and Cup will be run under cheenug auspices Given a fine afternoon, line lields, and immunity from serious accidents and there is no place like Caulfield 11cm Hinton is i,rnnd und all ubsoibitig, where every person is- a unit nothing more , but Caulfield is a concentration of al! that is best, where each section is within easy distance of the other, all the appointments are comfoi table and snfiicient, the manage ment very good, and the ciovvd never so dense its to prevent a man Unding all his friends. I ravellers by rail were not so well pleased as usual with the traffic iirrnngements , but as Mr Speight was in one train and Mr Tord in another, both of which took three quarters ot an hour to run from 1 inders street to the course, the cuu_e of the delay w ill no doubt be invcBti"nted All the trains cicepting two were made up of firot und .econd class carriages, but the two were second class only U hey left Melbourne about half past 1 0 clock, and as there was a considerable pressure at the time, man) ladies and gentle men holding first cluss tiel ets had to proceed bj them 'I he arrangement n us uucomfort able lhere was a numerousattendiince of ladas, and the grand stand and lawn looked brilliant until tho south wind blew lair into the faces ot all, and covered them with the dust loosened on the Hut bv the leet ot the thousands who tramped ov ei that area 1 he costumes weie singularly plain-very few were striking It would have been injudicious no doubt to bave at'empted a display on euch a riaj , but apart irom that the Caulfield Cup will never be u dress) event Hie triumphs of the modtate « art ure for exhibition only at the Melbourne Cup which is so close at hand His -Excellency the Governor and lady 1 och drove to the course in a four in hand, but they left rather earl) After the accident in the gieat race of thedav, His I xeellency visited the injured ruléis, and was bohcitous on their behalf After that i ísit he returned to Government house His departure at that juncture was accepted as a graceful and thoughtful mark of re"ret for the misfortune, lind from that time the exodus began 1 here wus a large number present on the border of the carnage paddock as His L\cellency drove Riva), but the usual cheer was not given It would have beeu inharmonious. J he racing was uniform!) good-the de id bent between ravensworth an 1 Duration in the Hurdle Race, and the victory of Sir W 1 Clarke s Damocles in the Nursei) Handicap being luting preludes to one of the grandest equestrian disphi)s ever been in Australia. 'J Ins waa in the Caulfield Cup llieie were 42 horses on the card, and one onl) vv as scratched, Forlorn Hope, colour all black ominous name and insignia 'Hie clerk of the seules never had BO much work to be per formed insoshortatime Hie jockojsliledin on one side, were weighed and sent out ti e other, Buddie in hand, trainers and owners vi aiting for them at the bottom oi the steps and giving them safe conduct to their mounts three quarters of an hour were occupied with this operation and one bj one the animals passed out to the cou- se and their colours were noted as closely as pos Bible. 1 he procession seemed never ending 'lhere waa every imaginable tint of silk , chestnut black, brown, buy, and gre) horses Bmall jockey s riding at si\ Btone four be irded jockejs who have travelled at lightning speed m many a great race, and some who aro comparative new chums 'Ino animals passed and repasaed at gallop, canter, walk, and any other gmt known to horses und c,radunl!) found their way to thcstartiuc, post whither wentMr T W utson with his red Hug, 'Hicj wore not quite lost in the hn/e and dust but were barely distinguishable 1 ho crowd waited in suspense for the sturt '1 he horses could not be ranged on even terms tor a ' bend oil ' Now one would 1 reak the line and have to be pulled up in 20 oi W janis tho ne\t minuti nearly all would be ready for thu word when another would unaccountiiblj turn round and repro duce confusion Tor a moment it Jool ed as it order would never be íestored, uni even the bookmakers who had invaded tilt lawn, st ipped calling the odds in wonderment At last the Hag dtopped and the li took the ground, not evenly butnsnearlj ns possible tigpüier, and with restrained power and stead) puce, they came forward looking mag nilicent Up to the stand on the Hut, tuen to the boundnry of the lawn, then in a Hash the) were post * Ami tho beat and tho beat of tho 6« Ift horses feet mingled with the subdued hum of bust) conveisation between the joeke)a, and mude harmonious music Up the rise on the rieht the squudion was as compact as ever, but borne tailed as the) rounded, and weie lost m the dust eloud created by the leaders. At the back there weie more than thirty in a lunch, and they were going splendidly T hey swung into the northern running, and when about a dozen showed improved pace, and the balance vv ere being called. 1 he ruck vv ere making a gallant rush for u good place, when suddenly there w as a gap as if an earth quake had swallowed several 1 here was dust and hurly burly, two or three were seen to topple and fall, others to jump, and then it was known that there had been ii mishap '1 bree seconds must hav e cov cred it, ulthouc.li an hour seemed to pass. On came the leaders into the straight thoso vv ho intina"cd to keep their legs followed gani"!}, and a close race ensued But Grace Darling bud all the strength and ileetness necessary, ber rider beat oh Britisher and then resumed his seat in the saddle and won beautifully lhe blush was a strange contrast to the lirst run past The stragglers inn home with half a doren th it wer« riderless one curried a saddle torn in halt- evidence of the crash-and another had no bridle One hors», Larali, did not come in at all He broke his neck in the smash, and Ins carcase marked the spot Tor some time no one suspected that any of the riders had been seriously burt, but veiy soon the un- welcome news spread, and was confirmed I when the ambulance waggon drove up with ! the lifeless form of Donald Nicholson, and Cracknell, M'Grath, and othera terribly in- jured, lhere was au eud to all enjoyment, and even if Lady Ashton had won the Steeplechase, us sbe deserved to do, the spirit of the day would not have been restoied. THE RACIVG The opening event on the programme was the Selling Race, which brought out nine horses 1 he noticable incident in connexion with the race was that Primus and Scara mouch were in turn made favourites. It sometimes, but not frequently happens that those who should know which horse is really the best one are unable to Bettie the matter definitclyuntil just before the start fortherace. Scaramouch was the last, and consequently the best, favourite, and he won as he wished from Frunus, with AlbmiiB filling the other place '1 he owner ha 1 to pay MO to get the horse back again, the money all going to the club For a hnish, the Hurdle Hace, with 11 starters, turned out to be the event ot the day The Sydney lit rse l»nv ensw orth, w ith Batty to guide lum, was thought to be the best amongst them, und went out hrst favourite, but be had only the veiv slightest call over tne consistent Durillon m the wagering Tho two miles weie H ifely covered by nil except Despatch, who struck the hurdle in trout of the stand. T he horse seemed to stand on his head for a moment, and when he rolled over with hu neck twisted beneath him, it Beemed ns thounh hu racing were at an end, but be rosp, looking a bit dazed only, lind wilked away Malone wus thrown under the railing, and waa unable to rise fora time, ns ho beemed to be slightly injured about the body, but nothing 6enous resulted At the turn the linishseemed to rest between Ravens- worth and Mistake, and, as the former kept in trout when challenged he seemed to be winning. Half way down the straight the now lumilior black horse bearing the gold spotted blue jacket carne with a wouderlul rush uIon" the mils Batty on Ravensworth, Beemed to anticipate something of the kind, lor he lool ed repeatedly to the right nnd left Ile saw Duration m time, and sat down for a hard finish, but the bluck caught bim in every stride, and just nicked m for a deud heat us the post wus gained Yl'Leod had delayed his lush just an instant too long Mistake, who Seemed to be beaten half-way home, came unuin most unexpectedly, and in an eil ort to cut in between the leaders, was only a neck behind Butty s display on the favourite was not by any means lus Eêst-jecord, and by comparison M Lcod, notwithstanding the slight error of judement which cost him the race, hud much the best ot it The finish created great excitement, Duration and his nder gaming a special and cordiul cheer as they returned to seale. The Id young sters on the curd lor the two year old Blake all remained in , Mr Long s colt Yel low Jacket, a. son of I he Drummer, and one who looked like racing, being made fiist favourite. After bim Damocles was in inoBt demand, and Manxman II would have cur- ried more money bud his backers been conli dent that the colt wag in the humour to try Ina best as lie seems to have a will of his own The light by this time had got very bud for picking out colours on the tarther side of the course. The racing down to the turn in was between Munwyrtmn Manxman IL, und trojan, but at the turn little lian nu_an asked Damocles tor his eflort, und the son ot dung lorwnd re sponded gamely Ile bad everything settled in 00 yards, and caine striding home the most comlortablo ot winners Hie time for the race w ns not too brilliant, considering thut the turf was favourable lor record breaking Hie winner, however, finished with something in hand, so that the time relieeted more directly on those behind him 1 he Adelaide colt 1 rojan got second place, while Manxman 11 was third Hie numbers had hardi) been hoisted on the board before the hundreds of people m the reserve turned by one consent to the saddling paddock to catch a glimpse of as ni ny as possible of the 41 Cup horses before the) were called awu) by the starting bell One of the grandest horses m the paddock was certainly Lord Wilton, easily distinguishable b) the black spoton bis hip 1 he e_csnut was aito.ether a finer horse than when he won the Adelaide Cup Another not unlike lum was Prince Imperial, whose lund legs ure bent m that characteristic way that utne nilly denotes speed and power alike m a -re)hound and a horse , wiry and bo, boned he _uve the impression altogether of beni!, a slushing horse Hie first colours notice able in the paddock were the black jacket, cold sleeves, and cherry cap of Lord Lxcter In luture thej will be associated w ith one ot the saddest pa_,cs m the history ol the Caulfield Cup Loid Lxeter, a brownish chcBiiut with his lore legs tightly bundiu,cd, uttructed much attention by le ison of recent Sydney performances. Britisher, as he was led round by the crude cross country hoi.seman, Corrigan, nus not so bril,lit ns when be Blurted tor the Adelaide Cup and was mueii finer ni appeur ance Lesbia was much finer, and to the ordinary obseiver the mure, even with her h"ht weight, seemed unlikely to hist for even u mile und a hull Hie bi_, brown L_n tern, whose tail seemed to have boen scraped to reduce weight looked verj hard, and had no flesh about him that vvus not required. Grutitude with her greyhound appearance, seemed to have scarcely changed a hair since she started in the Derby and Oaks last spring, but vvus dccidedl) less fretful As Countr) Boy, another ol the hard, spare, wiry kind, was led about the paddocl, u treat uiuny mia took lum lor Despot, und remarked thut he bud changed considerably during tho )eur Mr W lute s boree a much more I,meemi animal wus bemg saddled under the sheds the spot being indicated by the familiar Cambridge blue jucket on 1 His, as well as the blue and white saddle cloth and loreheul band A great man) w nited about to heo the red blanket removed lrom Claptrap, who curried his head jauntily as ever, and looked very vvelL 'lhere vvus great unxiety to see Welcome Juck, and more people inquiied for bun than manured to find bim. One ol the first jockejs in the saddle wus Curran on Minerva the preparation of the tabletop muru being superintended by Huies An immense crowd githered about \elocipede in one corner Sardius, with his white trappings and the all white of his rider, wus not hard to find, and muny people gathered around him in the belief that they were in spectinc. a prob ible winner Hie li"ht bay Andes looked very bright, and wanted to (.ullop eveu in the crowded paddocl Ti e starting bell rani, belore half the Cup candi dates could be inspected No one seemed to buvp noticed Grace Darling much until utter the race, when the mure had a kvée all to herself 1 here was a rush irom the pad dock to the stand mid other elevated points to Bec the horses filed through the pas sage usually reserved for horses return ing to weigh after the race. By this plun every horse carne ui turn under notice A choco! ite jacket fixed Impulse as the nrst out then carne Velocipede, carrying in addition to his spotted jucket, perhups more individual wagers than any horse m the race AH the horses hied throu.h, it vv as noticable that every colon), with the exception of W estera Ansarulia, not v et recoyused us a great racine, centre, had ita representatives. 1 hu white black and gold colours of the lion W Robinson nero new to Victorians, and helped to fixed the identity ol the New Zealand colt W incheuter Last of nil came the other Maori, Welcome Jack, with the tamihar figure of \eomans m the saddle, and tetlow Hammer, with a very Braall jockey to guide lum. These pur were in every way a rematkable contrast The field ot 41 was the lurgest but one that has ev«r started in Australia, the exception being vvbeu the Ghost v on the Ladles Bracelet on the same course fioni 11 others lhe nee waa a singularly open one, a great many horses h.iv uig been tucked to win small fortunes Velocipede, Prince Im penal, and Madcap were equal favourites at 10s io 1 the prices, which «croon the whole liberal, ranginc, from thut tiguro up to the extreme odds of 100 to 1 W a.ers at this long price were uctuall) laid a-uinst Dirk Hatteraick, Lintern, Signor, lhe Vndes. kiiiksinp, Black Diamond, Sirocco, and \ ision. lhere was great delny at the start, but not more perhaps than mitht have been expected with a young starter, and alter one or two breaka they were off to a linly good Bturt, Madcap having tho best and Despot the worst ot it YViu chester took the lead before the stand was reached and kept it right r iund to the back, but aa the sod wall vv na neared the light-weight Y ision was taken with a ruBh to the front, and led them down tow ards the turn. Betöre this point was gained a terrible accident occurred which quite destroyed all turther interest in the race Just as the horses were sweeping at a tearing pace to wards tho turn Too Too tripped and fell and in an mutant a dozen horses caine crashing over bun, and were all on the ground together The magnitude ot the disaster was not nt first realised, and it carne as a painful shock nlterwards to learn that the popularhght weight jockey Donald Jv ichol Bon was killed instantly, while Cracknell and other riders were badly hurt 1 ull pnrticu lura of the pitiable mishap are given else where so thut there is no necessity to dwell upon it hen As for the continuation of a race over which a shadow bus been cast, so ronny horses were either brought do«n or interfered with that the leading group, mode up of Conolnnus, Britisher, Hilltop, Grace Darling, and Muñe Lomee had it all to them selves Conolunus led into the straight, but Britisher at once.passed him and looked like winning YVhen Grace Darling made her effort, however, all doubts were at rest, for the mare caine along gamely, and won by a length and n quarter from the Hnllnrnt horse with the v eteran Cunolanus thud '-ev eral large sums were won by Grace Darlings performance, and a few cheers were raise t, but these were quickly hushed when the fact of a sad fatality spread throughout the course. The time for the race was the quickest yet made. All enthusiasm over the victor), as well as interest in the events remaining, had been chilled Nine horses Bandied for the Steeplechase, and backers were unable to make a choice between Colebrook, Lad) ?Vshton, and bailor There were several mishaps in the race, but none serious. Both the Chesters came down, and the men lion uf this incident draws attention to the lolly of two horses of the same name being allowed to sturt for the same race here, a thing not permitted by the Y R.C rules. Suitable names are not difficult to find and the fact of a greiter horse than these two jumpers having a first claim on the Hume ot Chester should have prevented either of them bearing it Lady Ashton, alter leading nearly oil the way, was challenged near the hnish by Studley, but what must have been au exciting race was spoiled through Mr Millers big horse swerving away from the brush fence in the straight, and taking Lady Ashton with linn Both ran round, ind, strange to say, both slipped Studley s rider losui' his balance and lulling over his horses side in n vam cftort to keep lum straight, while Lady Yshton slipped and tell Sailor, who nu instant beloro Beemed to have not even a thousand to one chance, blundered through the blush as the winner ot the ¡steeplechase did on the same course on the Guineas day, but M'Lcod, by a great efioit 1 ept the little cbesnut on his legs, und he cantered home an easy winner, Lizette and Retí cent, who had both been beaten oil, lillie,; the other places Sixteen horses saddled lor the last event Merrimu and st Oddie being favourites, iruhun, who on Clantrap come I down with the others in the Cup but got oil almost without a scratch had the sutisfuc tion of bringing Mr YY hittinglmm s hand Borne big chestnut hornea vwnncrfrom Rebus nnd the Adeluide horse Jocular, who cot the two other places Hie tollowing are the par ticulare of the racing - SELLING RACE Of 100 sovs. The winner to be sold for £150 Five furlong. Mr T Coffey's, b or br g Scaramouche by Bethnal Green-Gironde (nil) aged 7st, 4lb (Sanders) 1 Mr T Jones's ch g Primus (nil) aged, 7st 4lb (A. Blair) 2 Mr J Warne's ch c Albanus (£50) 3 yrs, 7st 7lb (Bence) 3 Mr A Summer's b g Ace (£25) aged, 7st.11lb (Cope) 0 Mr C Tattersall's b g Goldtop (nil), aged, 7st 4lb (G Blair) 0 Mr W Little's b g Wisdom late Northern Light (nil) 5 yrs 7st 4lb. (Walkcr) 0 Mr K Malone's b or br c Relieur (nil) 3 yrs, 6st. 7lb (Cracknell) 0 Hon W Pearson's b g Sparkle, (nil), 3 yrs, 6st 4lb (Toole) 0 Mr G Davis' g f Dulcet (£75), 2 yrs, 6st 2lb (Williams) 0 Bettingc. -6 to 4 (at flrst 3 to 1) agst Scaramouch, 5 to2 (at first 6 to 4) agst Primus Scor.ii ouch© waa anxious to go an 1 broke away once or twice When the word wa» civ cn Iho Ace wa. Ui quickest in motion, followed by Primus and Ëcnrainoucl e with SiMirlUo last. They wore all in a cluster at tho ,ol wau, I oldtcp having tho lead, with liuicet and The 4ee i oxt lo lilli, and beara mondie und Alb_nus in a fine whilst V\i_om had dropped bael la u Turniii. toward« the bond Oold top next tlie rails had a .light lead Dulcet bein, a neck I ehu d Tho Ace then .hot out, and carno to the turn with a lo-id but a ru.i_ change followed Primus was really the first to fclioot his head Into tho ojien but once in tho straight Searamouclio caine out, and won easilj bj two lenuths and a half from 1 r nins Alhauus bell ^ Uur. till e lUarters of u length tutthcr lack lhe Ace was fourth \\\ is lorn fifth col 1 Xop al\th Dulcet ievenUi bparklo cmlith and Itclleur hit Time lui ki The wini» r was boukht m fui £40 allot which w oat to tlio club SLCOVD IILIIDLl ItACE Of 3 80Vs each with 100 add il Two miles. Mr f Cnji>t,1)1 ii Duration by Hughenden.-Ubi noinuij.iL, byts lut, iblh. (ii UIMI) t Mr J Mu)0 8Í> o 1 uetiiiworth by Grandmaster, 4yrs Hat 101b (líatU) t Mr v tiaqul s bil Mlstnl e G yrs, 10«t. 71b (M Gowan) " Mr J Cox a L, *r Student a ed list. (.rernueon) 0 lion \\\ 1 carson t» b m C-asaliei C ¿ra, lOst. 1-lb (Cupitt) 0 Mr ¿J O Connor a bl or br h Master Pinetop, if"ed. lOst 101b (Dclanev) 0 Mr \\\ Littles b glrobicui, Q y vi, lOsit Dib (bcobic) 0 Mr A Uozicr'sbrmRub>,ai)ed, lOat 61b (Mr a Ir lítate) 0 Mr A Harper's eh ü Despatch a¿ed, 9st 101b. (Malone) 0 Mr H b Cox, jim s b b Cockboat byra flat 5lb (Ott ner) 0 Mr \I Moran ab fe Waiter aged 8¡>t (liicke)) 0 tkttbi" -3 to 1 a¿st Ravensworth 7 to 2 osat Duration 4 to 1 af"st Hub), (J to 1 agut Problem, 7 to 1 fiL^t GasaHcr, lu to 2 pgat Alastor Iii ttop, 10 to 1 fife,st Mistake brom au excellent atait Ga^allcr went first a\\\a\, with Cockboat and Alastor 1 HIL top in attendance but tu thu boram were, ila JIL- tim lull Mistake pay ed tho three leaders and \uiit to the front Ravel s w ortli alt-o inov ed out from ti e1 uck an 1 took nccond {lace followed tv ¿later 1 int.top Hub) lroblem Cockboat and Duration with btinknthv»t At tho eod wall iliataltu had a couj lo ti kn"ths leid Halter Pinetop runtiii ^ ne\t to hi n v ith lb» emworth Rill ) and 1 roblcin in order but close together and Ua<*ohir bruising ap tho rear At the turn Mistake was in front and he led them up tho stricht, the otl er two places behn» ulled by Ravcn£Woith nnd 1 inctop olo«e together thu iornier with bia head ju&t; ni front. Ravensworth Btmck thu first of tilt btrai"ht hurdles heivilv and brought down a couple of panela tut kept on bia IC^B ROUIIL, pa*,t the t-tand the ordei was Mistake Master I int.top. Duration Ri\entmorth I roblcin W lutross Gabiller and Studc it. Dcbi a te h ca JIL do vn a uast\ fall at the hurdlo in front of the stan J BtrlkiuK Ul6 "a* u d roi ii n right over Ilia rider \\\w slightly stinnel but rolled un 1er tlio rall and clear ol tho other nor es le^s As thev Went up lhe hill a" ün Mistake was still leading, with Ma ter 1 inetop Duration 1 roblcin Rat IH vorth CJ silier student Kubj Waitress an 1 Cockboat foi lown i, in the oi 1er i ui c 1 I clore rcichin" the end of thu IU t milo Duration li id pasj 1 to tho fron with Cisalier and lrolkn text Durât ou 1 ci t his kal for an wstiiit oul\ us Jhstalto &¡san went up and at the back be was follovvid b) i roi kui and ¿luster llnettn X1 o litter however, at once ran into becond pice folio \e I b) Ravens worth ant <. ut-nhci At the sod wall Ms take was on v half a kn0th in front of Rester 1 inctop Tuen» orth t einç third ¡student the laat of the Jeadii " f,roup und toe k1 oat the ab solute last. U the tina tor hu ne 1 ravensworth had a slight lead from Mi tal o an I beemed to bo winnln, casiH but Duration carne with a wonderful rush on tli. ii side, and a grand race followed. Duration caught Ravensworth lu ever) itnde au I crût his bead in front inimediatelv after ] a^sine, thu pott but the jud"e L,I\C it a dead heat for ti e actual tlnUh Mitt Ule ulo eaiuo a0ain and tried to cut in botween ' tie j air was onlv beale i 1\ a nccK Problem was fount btud nt tilth o i&aliur; hixtn Master 1 inetop Et \cn tri Hut) ci eh tli Cockboat nett, and Waitress last lime liu ¿i .vtitsrnv nv.\Dic\r Of . sois each with loo addoJ Tor two j car olds Tour furlongs nn 1 a hair Sir « J Chrke s br o Damocles bj Gang For ward-Queen of Naples, 7st lib (.lanac, m) 1 Messrs Vt and A Crozier s br o Trojan, (¡st lib D o Brien) 2 Mr G Daviss bo Manxman If (late Manxman) "Bt. 81b (tarter) 3 Mr S Millers brcMunv vrtiia Est 101b (Barton) O lion n A. Lont s b o ) elloiv Joel et fcst (Colic)) 0 Mr J 11 UillsbroMieawb r 7st ."lb (Quinn) O Mr Ii -oniioil) us b e Don Giovanni 7sC 111b (Xrahan) 0 Mr _. Lccsb orbrf Anonjna "st 111b (Moore) 0 Meran tt and A. Crozier s b I Alpha, 7st 111b (Broun) 0 Mr D b «aliácea bf Essie, 7st 71o (M orricn) O Hon W Pearson a b ( Trislii n 7st iib (lower) U Mr J Tlioui]isoii a b c ¿luster lohn 7st elb (Nelson) 0 Mr vv Herr1! b or br o General Gorelon, Ost 12 b (Johnson) 0 netting -2 toi a".t \cllow Jacl ct 3 to 1 n.st Damocles 0 to 1 o^st Munwj rtina, b toi o¿st Io Jan 10 to 1 others Between the du t and the dull lieht it was liar 1 to pick out the horses from their colours on the tar s te of tho course After a fair sturt lhe lin t to Bho v in front wera Essie, Manxnall ft and Munvvv rtina all lu a group and runninc side 1 y Bl le There were several eilan cs before the tlrst iurlon" was covcicd, and then Trojan led tliciii dow n I -st the boil vv di at I up towards t o turn. Hero Mtluwvrtlna Manxman, anti Damocles all carno toirctlier but tile latter was tho first tosho v in the stnuht runnit " nn f keep ne his place uo to the post he won comfort iblj hy atwut three leug*lis from Trojan Manxniui tf bein, thirl olosoup Micawber was fourth Don Giovanni llfth \cllow Incl et sixth, and Anouv ina an 1 Master John last. Time, -Js THE CAULFIELD CUP Of 1,500 sovs, l 1000 sovs to the first horse 300 sovs to the second and 200 sovs. to the third One mile and a half Mr J G I old s oh m Oraeo Darling 0 j rs bj Tho Diver-Zoo 7st. 101b (Williams) 1 Mr M LoughUn a b L Britisher, aged, 7st .lb (rallón) 2 Mr J D Robertson s br h Coriolauus n_.cd Sst "Ile (Collei) 3 Mr i 1 -.brow s b or b* li Vi clcoinc Jack, G j rs Oat. 41b (Yeomans) 0 Mr h Vntsona b h .ardlui 0 yrs, O.t 21b (VVvman) 0 Mr 11 G talbot H eil ni Blink Uonnj, n"ed, S.U Sib (Kolcrtson) 0 Mr C J Braokcnreg'sbr h Toni Brown, D jrs S-U 7lb (M .rade) 0 Mr W Held, bo Mozart 4jrs 8stUlb (Hnmnire) 0 Mr J nedfearu a oh m ila J cap 6 j rs Sst- 21b (li O Brien) 0 Mr E VV Elliss oh h Lord Wilton s j ra Sst 21b (Moore) 0 Mr A It. Itobortson s eil h Dirk llattoraiclc, 6 v« -st, (Foom) 0 lion W learsons b« Plausible 0 j re 7st 121b (Power) .. 0 Mr J Crozier1»» jua , b h Tho Israelite, aç.cd 7st 121b (O Connor) 0 Mr S. Q Cook s b h Ánclese) U v rs (including 71b penaltj) 7st 121b (Dalton) 0 Mr A Halinhourgab Ii St. Lawrence 0 jrs 7st lllb (Sanders) 0 Mr ii li Tothill ns b I Gratitude, 4 j rs, "st Sill (Quin) 0 Messrs l\ and A Crozier^ br [, Lantern Oyrs, 7st 711 (nurton) 0 Mr M Jacobs a bl li Hilltop Ojrs 7st "lb (VVnrke) 0 lion J \\\ hito s j, h Despot Ovrs 7st, 7lh (bills) 0 Mr W Condon's br h Velocipede, 5 yrs 7st.7lb (Bence) 0 Mr J Mayo a clio Prince Impel in) 4 yra (illclud llllt 7)b ncnaltv) 7st 71b (M Olatll) 0 Mr 1 Hanns bl Impulse 4 jrs ist 01b (Ivlmi) 0 Mr U S Harris e bl or br lissner, D yrs 7-t Mb (Wcasol) O Mr U II T Halts g h Country Boj,-yrs 7 t 01b (Uutchlis) 0 Mr J n hlttlue.h'iin s b or br li Claptrap C j rs "st Jib (Trahau) 0 Mr VI 1 Jones s b g Tile Andes a.otl, «st Jil (Ulla)) 0 Hon Vv Pearson abo Kingship, 4 j n "st 31b (Cracknell) 0 Mr 6 G Cooks brf Marie Louiso 4)ra, 7st 2 b (Flanagan) 0 Ur J 11 Maddens oh f Tirpcia, 4 jrs, 7sL 21b (ilekl) 0 Mr \\\ r Hall ache Lord I xeter 4 jrs 7st 21b (Nicholson) O Mr J & Heals e in Lue!) Hit u iff H l"lb (1 .e) 0 Minerva, G yrs, 6=t 101b. Mr ii Uri ant'« br h Real Jaro, 4 y n, Ost 101b. (D W lilian s) . - , " * ° Mr I Paterson'* b1 g Black Diamond, oercd, Ost, 01b (Johnston) , . ° Hon W Pobinsons b o Winchester (lato Man ehester), J )rs, Cat. 91b. (lluxtablü) -. ti. 0 Mr J B. Cowells b c öiroceo, é yrs, tiet. Slb. (Morrison) . . 0 Mr S. Daviss br m Lesbia, 6 yrs, tac. 71b. (IL Brown) .. . it_ *> Mr T keating s b1 or br h "Vision, 5 yrs, Ost 51b (earned (ist 7Jlb )(M Gmre) . -. ° Mr A V nrndslun s ch b \eU)w Hammer, 5 yrs, bat 41b (llob'On) - ° Mr A. ^clnnn a br m Too Too, 5 yr», Cat 4lb (T Brown) . .. , ; 0 Mr B Ora) a br c taran, 3 yra, Cat. 41b (carried bst. ßJlb.)(TüoniBy) " . *. °* Retting -10 to 1 eacu a^at \ c'ociperle Prince Im penit, ant! Madcap, 12 to I each ag*t Lord bxoter, M, 1 Despot li to 1 acss Welcome Jad , 15 to 1 each a"^t blink Dcnnj Tom D-own n: d W inchcbtcr, 20 to 1 cac'i u^t I ord Wilton Plauaible, and Gratitude, -5 lo 1 each Rntither, Cluptrap and Sardius, 28 ta I ue.it Grice I arung, ¡0 to 1 air t Too Too, ¿J to 1 each Bp.-t Min na and st. Law rea c, 50 to 1-caeh a¿bt liu puke and Corio auu-c As the horses drew np in a straggling- lino, Yellow Hammer was on the extreme outside, with Israelite, Made ip Dlaek Diamond, and W elcomo Jack ranged in order alongside him In the centre of the bi«f field the conspicuous colours were the treen and white stripes wurn bv I tllon on llritisher. tbo white nnd \iolct «pots of tho fa\ouute, and tho tri colour jacket on St Lawauco Tho horses mov e l about constant^, and the ee\ ent> tit tho teat for a joung starter was admitted by all The hornes were never for an instant in lino at ono time and never even turned altogether in the right direction The fim brea avva> was made simm taiicouslj b) Too Too and Real Tam from opposite fides ct the ÜLM. Thcj ranged up toother again, and just as it seemed tho starter woutd get hisoppor tuulty Tvrpeia, ^anliu." Madcap, and Plausible all jumped aw a), and the Uno wai ajnin broken into fctuall fragment* Grace Darling and Lord Exeter were the nc\t pair to anticlpato Uio word by a bolt, and then Phuaiblc offen fed I) plajinjr his cm tounrv pranks, and «»pinning about amongst tho other horses I uced atout a.ain they were in a fairlj even line, and Mr Watson evidontl> despairing of getting a better opportunit), dropped his flat?, and called on them to L,O Tho cus tomar> shout announced the hell in motion Madcap being quickest In dashing from the Hue followed bv Gratitude, and then at least a score of others all in a Hue Xhf last to Ion c the uuir ; w ere Conolanus and Despot, the latrer being belli id the starter's prey hor«e when the signal waa civ cn, and having to pull round before settling Into his stri le As thu colours, like a pieco of brilliant silken patchwork streamed downtowirdstho stind there was timo to piel out the leading horses. Pr'ntc Iniiitnal tjtrodoilong with tho lead having next to hlui Mozait, lar|n.ia Claptrap, ' Lord L\eter,Tom Brown and Dirk Ilattcraick Thcpoäi lions chanted instan J>, for as the) iieared the Juo\o s box the >u\ Zealand colt Winchester carried his colours up to the front, and Just showed clear of Claptnp Prince Imperi ii and Mozart. Clo=e at tho heeisof tho trio were Dirk ilattcraick nnd Tom Brown, while as >et neither Despot nor Coiiolanus in the rear had attempted to mai o up the ground lost at tho start. As tliey passed up the hill, howoier, tho big black horse beean to thread slow l> butsurel) between the rearmost horses. At the top of the riso there was a clear length bctueen Winchester in front und the light tartan lachet on Mozart next to him Tom Brown and Dirk Hattcraick were racing Blue b> sido, and then carno Marie Louko Too Too, ' Plausible, Hilltop, linlibher, fairoceo, Graco Darling ? and Prince Imperial, while two creen jackets showed Black Diamond and Real Jain lu tho rear lhe first noticeable moiement bevond this | point was that Madcap pushed up towards the front coriolanus bad got w eil Lb rout, li tho ruck, and bedail to show conrmkUDUiiy amone, «t tho leading horses At the milo tost from homo Winchester was btlll in front and galloping so w eil Uv.it bo loo! ed HI o main taimtie, the iK)3ition for MHUO time Tho four heroes next behind him woe Madcap, Mozart, Coriolanus, aud Sirocco, then a lot of others In in indlstlutfukha bio cluster Hacin«' alun« the hack stretch Graco | Darling was taken up and as tho Geld Toaehcd the : furthest point from the *tand «ho ran into third placo, wlulathrec of tbo Mducv hornes nil took good positions in tliu Hist troup ihc order amongst tho leading horas al the bat k wosW htchesterflrbt followed b) Madcap, Grice Darling Lord hxctor, Prince lin perial, Tom Brown llnuiibli, and Conolanus, then tho wmo mixture oí dust and colour in tilt ruck thit | madu this pitt of the rice a hort of dim kukidoMJOi lo view all through Api«uachlri{, the sod wall, \ieion mado a forward doab, carrying his red jacket right to tho front and tor the first timo W inchester lost tho lead \ huon led them down towards tho turn at a rapid!) increasing pact, his nearest I attendants being Mario Louise, lord ï-xcter, Britisher, and birjnor J rineo linjicrlal was ilso well up and appeared to bo going spkndidl) Approaching the turn the horiics commenced to race, and just as they got nudwa) between tho sod wall and tho straight, erics of disma> on all sides an nounced a calaimt), loo loo was leaning b) about a neck, with Claptrap ne\t tho rails, and Sardius on her riL,ht, when suddenly tho whito Jacket and blue caj went down and In an Instant a ititk-A of riders and horses were rolling over each other on tho ground showing that a terrible accident had happened Tho rat» wis almost forgotten in ft ar/ul anticipation of tho damapo that must result from such a cnllupsc The big cap in tho field showed that mam hornes had j,onu down, but although conspicuous colours such as the all whito of 8ardius, the black jacket on Claptrap and tho cold skenes and cherry cap of Lord Lxctcr wcro instantly missed, no one knew the extent of thocalauutv ino hornes that actual I) fell or lost their riders through collision Wero loo loo Prince Imperial, baruius Claptraj), Tarpeia, Winchester, Lort! kxeter, Tom Drown, l)es|tot, äiraeco Thu Israelite, Kinghlup, 1 uck) Hit, Couu^r) I O), Impulse and Carah horsts that kept on their k"s were bbidcred, Lord W bton and Plausible being turned to Uie extreme outside and tlie latterespeciiH) turned ri^htround through collision with Tom Hrown lru.ticaU) the accident left the race to tho few liorna who c,ot clear through Marie Louise had thu 1 ad alter the accident but was beaten, and could make nu usu of it Conolanus, running wide of tue füllen horses, vas the first to como tound tim tura into ti io dear running attended b) Britcher, Hilltop tiiacc Darling, and Ma io Louise,^ndthe finlshwas limited tothesafiie Attirât liritisher lool ed liku whining but ai soon asWil bama set to wurk on Crace Dirllng, th mare answered S]ileudidlv, and coing to the trout in ver) Uno fat)le, illlekl Lui) b) a length and a quarter from Louise flub, Lesb a sixth, Anglesea seventh, Minerva eighth, Mozart ninth, \ ¡sion tenth, Uudcnp eleventh, und St 1 aw renco twelfth and llio Andes next, whito \e1low Hammer und Wo conic Jack carne in as the) went out, last Time, 2m 40*. lUL OAUMr 1M.D CUP UINIiEItS King Colo-Cha rade \ attention -Lou don Pride ¡St Albans-Medea 7 2 2£_'l7 2 41* 32 2 42 25 j 2 40V2S 18_1 Ma.t.rA\\_nei, .1SS2 Little Jack, I J" 1554 Blfnlc Donnj 1555 Uraco Barling, * Dlstauct increased to one nillo and a liait OiEV ST£_ PLECHASL Of 7 sors, each, with 200 sovs. added, second to recen e 40 so.s About two miles and a half Mr Q KUSSLUS ch g Sailor, bj» fcmuK.Icr, a_ed, Oat l_lb (.M'Leotl) 1 Mr fa. MartlnsbmLizette, aged list 01b (Uattj) 2 Mr G II Reads br g ltctiLent, ö >rs, lOat. «iib (C boston) 3 Mr M Loughlins ch li Col.biook, as ed, list, (boob e) 0 lion W Pearson s b m Lady Ashton, aged, Use lib (Carumer) 0 Mr G b Harriss ch g Chcstor, aged, 10at, 81b (Crtu) 0 Mr b Millers bff ^tudle>, D j ra, Ost 71b (Mr H \\\ atson) . 0 Mr A G Webbs ch g Chester, aged, Q L "lb ( \\\ inter) 0 Mr J Cox s b g Trlcl ctt, ace. Ott. 71b (Clune) u LlLtthu -4 to 1 each ot,8t Colebrook hauy Ashton and bailor, Uto 1 a^btbtudlej, S to 1 aj,st Hamas Chester l_izctto took tho Toad »hen tho flo^ dropped but Lady Ashton as on her last _atlop over this course, went to the front nutnediutee). and led tia Held over tho first fence closely followed In Lizette aim bailor HnrrlaaLhestcrcamedown at the first jump I*ul> Ashton went on with an increasing lead pjtit, the stand, and in her roir carno llcti cut i izettc bailor and Trickett withSttilu., lost Mr P ar ona naru bid A "0 lcm,tl H had as the\ I usscd over tho bill, ana round to the 1 au of ti c couru*, where lier nennst a tendant* "cro Sallur Itctlcont Cold rook, Ititi _tt at 1 Btudlcy rho portions were not nmtcualh altered au the} paired round b\ tin, to 1 wall and turn<. 1 towards tho reverie« 1 id\ Ashton »till I d them with a reduce 1 lead over Mu- stand/entesfor * sec or d time-, tito horses running next I eh nd her teuij. llcticcnt, Lizttte Sailor and Colebrook In the orle» í,l\,n with Webbs Chester last. At tho lintot ti e_j leiicea luc.eU btruuk and cuno down, .uta. the horau was ll8¡|1o Ou no cUmberei into tho Bid J lo and wai w amity cheered all round th_ tout-su for his pluck and perseveran LI \S thtj went up tho hill Ketli tntdropi ed t atl la<¡t, nnd tho fúicino.t liortjes wert Ladj Asbtou Colebrook balor and btudloj, In tho older f.lvcn Xricktt baulked at tim fuiieo un tim bill, mid went; no further Hound uH ti io back onco more Uetictnt awaiti went up amount the leader» »hilo Llzttto fell back and .temed to lune h.td en ou i, h of ic i he racm_, comuienctd carlv for ns they approached ibu sod w ill Studley drew up level with Ladj Ashton and dard ¡tier deter mined Lhat ti u maro should keep her leu I accepted tho challenge and the pair raced together over the remaining fences. Xhc last fence brought down the other Chester Lady Ashton mi 1 btudiej, tho latter next Uie Inner rails raced t-ido tv c1 J o up to tho brush fence lu tho straight bludlcj stem ed to be winning bul as eoonas ho sun thu fe_ic"vb tied it Although his rider s wcK,ht wus thiowu on tiu left rein, the horne I ore o\ei to Mut outer renco lu order tu get through the ¿ap and curried Lady Ashton with htm Tho mare run round tho corner of ti o jump, and slippin, came down close to the p cKet leuce willie Air Watson trie 1 .o hard to keep btudhv straight that as tho horse made a ilnal sw cn c to j,ei, lound tho rider lost his balance, and fell oier ti o side, both howo an i rider beiu^ down bailor the tlilrd hurte, blundered through luatcad of over tho brush, but M Lcod kept him on his lt¿s bj a (.rcat effort and cantering on won b) aboutadoi'tn lengths from LIrette, with Heticent thhd, and Colebrook a pooriourth Time, oin ula WI-ÍDSOH mVD.C-1, Of 3 soi s. cadi, w ith 160 added Six íur'onirs Di J Whittingham s eli o Merrimu 4 j rs, bj Arvus .candal-thitfonnlcre ist 21b (Trahan) 1 Mr 1 Coflov s b f Hebus 4)rs üt 101b (Cox) ¿ Mr C li T Harts b c Joculal, 4 jrs, 7st lülb (Hutchins) 3 Mr U & VVullaccsbh Cliuckiler, aced, Oat (li O Urteil) 0 Mr H llaldvvins br h llatlmi«t a_,td, St 71b (Farrell) 0 Mr 1 iones s bro Bohemian 4 us, "st. 111b (1 lanallan) 0 Mi J Warne s che Lando, 4 j ra 7_t 01b (Ston nell) -J Mr It ü Talbots b h Vinicrlej, r> _.rs 7=t 01b (Blair) 0 Mr N VVdsonsboRecalt.Jvrs, 7st.-lb (Itobcrt son) 0 Mi J Vihlttlii|,hai». h li Men inoie, 0 >n, 7st 41b (Cuj) 0 Mr L l.rushkasb g St Albert, 0 }r¡>, fls.t 1-lb, carried 7st Jib (U air) 0 Mr C. Daviss b l Meer«chiUlii, 3 jrs, Ost 101b (VV Winnis) 0 Mr J Harper t b I -t Odlllc, Jjrs Oat. 61b (John ston) 0 Mr 1 Hauke.s br ru llcprise, a_,ed, Ost. 71b (II Bro» n) 0 lion W rcarsona b f Parodj, S j re, Ost 71b, carried 6s_ 101b (Toole) 0 Mr b Oardiuei- br ( Buttress, 3 .rï, (Ht. 41b (Davis) 0 Bettln.;-, to 2 agit Merrimu, 3 to 1 atrst St Odtllo, 0 to 1 each agst Jocular and Recall, 7 to 1 nest Chuck* ster, 8 to 1 ogst Rebus, 10 to 1 each agat Parody and Wa* crley. After a oouplo of breaks tho horse, were sent away in draggling order, but, with dusk approaching, tho colours at the back nero aiiust indistinguishable bt Albert was the first bono to show io front, and close at his heels vero Merrimu, 1-ando, and Jocular, hut before the horses had gone 100 > ards, tho latter passed np into second place, and both Reprise and Recall mode a for»ard move At tho sod wall bt. Albert still kept his lead, and just behind him were Rebus and Jocular close to(rcther, the pair being followed bv st (Mille, Merrimu, Buttress, ami rarod> in tho order named. Rebus parsed St Albert as tho straight was ncared.and led do*n towards tho turn, ha\ ing Jocuhr, Merrimu, bt. Odtllc, and \\\ avorloy on tho outside, all iu clo.e attendance. Jocular went up at the turn, and wa. tho first to shoot out into tho straight, with Rebus and Merrimu «.it» Tho raco homo waa bet« ecu tho three, but Merrimu, in response to TrahanS call, strode elong finely, and petting In front a H til o wav from tho post, won by half a length from Rebus, who in turn beat Jocular by a head. Undo w-w fourth. St «dlllo tilth, Bohemian sixth, M averie) next, and Buttress last, Time, lui. 17s. III- STAKES WOX AT lill. MEETING. The follow ins: ia the \ alue of the stakes won ut the meetina - Mr J G Re. I- _ " 1st Caulfield Cup .. £1,000 0 0 Bon J White 1st Great toal Stakes. 640 0 0 Mr J VV hittinuhatn 1st Toorak Handicap .. 540 O 0 let Wind-or Handicap . 105 0 0 \- 435 0 0 Mr J Wilson, jure.- _" " 1st Caulfield OulueM .. - .. SOO 0 0 Mr M. LouRlihu _nd Caulfield Cup _ - _ 300 0 0 Mr O Bushell 1st Steeplechase ....... 2« " <. Mr J Cripps 1st First Hurdles .. 14* 0 0 1st ¡..corni Hurdles .. OH 10 0 \- 214 10 0 Mr N Wilson Ist Maiden Plato . _ .. _ as 0 0 Mr J D Robertson 3rd Caulfield Cup . .. - - 200 0 0 Mr O A. Harris 1st Australian Hunters' Cup .. _ 160 0 0 Sir VV J Clarke 1st .vursery Handicap . ISO 0 0 Mr T Cottoj - 1st ¡.elim« Baco .. 100 0 0 2nd VV ludsor Handicap . 3 0 0 \- 103 0 0 Mr A It. Robertson 2nd Caulfield Guineas .. _ _ 75 0 0 Mr J Majo 1st Seeond Hurdles _ - _ 69 10 0 Mr i> Miller 2nd Great Foal Stakes .. 50 0 0 Mr VV D Robertson -ud Great toal Stake» .. _ .. SO 0 0 Mr J Spiers 2nd Australian Hunter»' Cup .. " .0 0 0 _r S Martin .ud Stecplochaso._ 40 0 0 Mr J Monaghan Inl Caulfield CJulueas .. -. _ 25 O 0 Mr A. Anderson Jrd Australian Hunters' Cup .. " 26 0 0 Mr U. II T Hart -nd Maiden l'lato .. _. SOO Mr VV Uttb 2nd First Hurdles .. .. " SOO Mr A. thelman 2nd Tooran Handicap . .. _ SOO Me'srs. Vi and A Croker -nd .Nursery Handicap . .. _ 3 0 0 Total.£4,822 0 0 