THE- CONTRIBUTOR. "THE ENGLISH RADICAL CAUCUS, By a Bninsn Democ;iat, "In a couple of months (lie United Kingdaa will he in the throes of a general Parliamen tary election. Tho-two great political parlies iu tho State arc already marshalling their forcer, and preparing for an unprecedented struggle. Upon the result hang national issues more mo- mentous than have been conditioned upon any foregoing Parlininentnry crisis. Tho Reform Bill of 1832 admitted the middle classes to the oxerciso of suffrngo rights. Mr. Disraeli's measure of 1867 enfranchised a limited portion of the skilled artisan and small trailing claries, Tho act for assimilating tlio county to the borough franchise, ' which was passed lost session, while adding to the elec toral roll a largo section of the working classes that had been previously excluded from Ite constitution, confers voting powers on the agricultural ' laborers — a class hitherto regarded aliko hy tho old Whigs and the Tories as hopelessly disqualified, mentally, educationally and socially, to have any voice in the election of representatives to Parliament. Unques tionably tho most potent factor at work in shaping tlio progressive legislation of the into GoTornmont, and in organising the im pending electioneering campaign on tho Liberal side, is tho Radical caucus ; and as it is also destined to ho tho most effective element iu British politics, and to he instrumental in introducing fundamental changes into the social and economic life of tho parent country for many, a year to come, eorao account of its origin, dcTclopmeat and proximato designs can hardly be deemed in opportune. Besides, as not a few of the legislative enactments of Victoria arc fashioned after British patterns, it is morally certain that if tho powerful body referred to should pre dominate for a considerable period iu tho political sphere at home, its influence will ho proportionately reflected here. Mr. Gladstone, as tho working chief of the Liberal party, lias just issued his manifesto for the guidance ot his followers, on tlio eve of tho forthcoming election, nnd a telegram 'informs us that two such political, opposiles as Mr. Goschen and Mr. Chamberlain have, expressed their np- proval of it. It is further significantly stated that Jfr. ' Chamberlain, who is head centre of the caucus, is mitigating his recent aggressive utterances." if it is suppose, howovcr, that Mr. Chamberlain 1ms stated in tho least .tho political objects ho has foarlessly enunciated, and on tho attainment of which ho has 'set his heart, tlio dmrac- tor of tho man . is' misapprehended. ' r" Gladstone is physically able to resume ofiice, and is fortunate enough .to float into po»« on tho tide of tho new election at tho hen 0 a dccisivo 'Liberal majority, Mr. Chain « lain and his triends will loyally rally roan 1 standard, and co-opcnito with liiin in those moderate reforms which VV higs an c "cats can consistently unito under their na ion leader in carrying. But Mr. Chamber" will only consent to labor in tlio snnic cn with Lord Harrington so long as Mr. ' ' stone's undisputed sway continues, in tno l- of pushing his refonn scheme as for as poss i with" Whig assistance, on the l,r,"®,plLh n " half a loaf is better than no bread, tho great chief is compelled to rcliro public life, it is Mr. Chamberlains mflc intention to unfurl tho caucus flag, it to the mast head. . jc. Happily, on the organisahon to scribed, I am able to supply, to a t information. Fur years I was iutimalo relations with the head of Z movement, and took m nohrt part n, them in sowillS ,Uo S0Blls of ,n rcimino Deniocrncy in England, To bo strictly B Zto the Eadical caucus is dtrceUy do- w V, r0M the Reform movomeut of 1.832, f remembered by those fam.l.ar with the . r of tho agitation which culminated m '! , ,.rar | hat its ceuiro was Birmingham, «nd that it was the enthusiastic meetings held 2 ve„.)mil Hill in that town, combined with of tho thousands who assembled ,!' „)0u London, whicli finaUy alarmed he king, disposed tho party led by tho "Iron Duke" to make concessions, and rendered it ilossiblo for Earl Grey's Government in the face if formidable difficulties to pass their bill. From that tiino to tho present tho men of Birmingham have always been in the van of political progress. Manchester, on tho other Ld has not been uniformly loyal to Liberal principles, although a strong minority has Lpt the lamp of politicnl liberty, once trimmed by Cobden and Bright, in that tovrn burning brightly up to tho present. But notwithstanding that tho extraordinary amount of wealth accumulated throughout Lan cashire is immediately duo to tho impetus given h; the abolition of tho com laws in 1846 nnd a temporary monopoly of cotton manufac ture for tho world, Lancashire subsequently be- cjmo a stronghold of Toryism. Hosts of in- dostiious but ignorant mill hands, devoid of thorough politicnl convictions, became masters, and were pitchforked headlong into wealth in ttose prosperous times. Their improved material condition was a discipline that soon disclosed the fact that stern anil selfsacrificing Liberal principles were foreign to their nature. Their vulgarity gravitated to Toryism as the bul wark of conventional respectability. The ladder of Liberalism, by which they too rapidly rose to affluence for their moral health, was kicked away when it had served th'e grovelling ends to lrhich their ambition aspired. Tho first no table sign oi their defection -from the Liberal mod was their defeat of Mr. Bright at Man chester in 1857, after a lengthened period of faithful service. But iho.rcjccted of these coarso minded, plutocratic npostatcs of the north was cordially wolcomcd by tho truo hearted radical constituency of Birmingham. There is no town in England where comfort is more equably dis- hibnted thau tlio industrial capital of tlio Mid lands. It boasts an exceptionally largo num ber of small masters of moderate means, enormous wealth being raro in the bands ol individual inabitants. Tho consequence ii that there is a marked absence of that tendency to assumption and conceit which so often impels persons of inferior breeding to surrender principles for display, and which used to ho so often met with iu tho northern county which turned out Bright at Manchester and Gludstono in Sonth Lancashire, h'o Tory candidate has ever had tho ghost of a chance of being returned for Birmingham. The spirit of Attwood, Sturgo and Muntz has never ceased to animate the rank nnd flic of its population. Accordingly, history combined with tho genius loci, marked it out os tho normal centre of operations for tho Radical caucus. That organisation crystallised into its present form concurrently with tho movement h promoting a national systoiu of education, which immediately succeeded tho passing of the Moral Bill of 18G7. Not the least conspicuous figure in tho early stogo of the education movement was Mr. George Dixon, (i Birmingham, who about tho samo time vis elected ouo of tho representatives for 'he l.urniigli in Parliament. But tlioro was tnotlicr gentleman, still a mcro youth, the knowledge of whoso promising abilities was a yet confined to tho Birmingham nnd kighrfon Debating Society, at tho periodi cal meetings of which his first essays at l«uo.ie speaking wcro made. . I refer to 5 , i".1?''' 1I«- Joseph Chamberlain. Bis briliiant financial success as tho head a .fin'at industry could not satisfy nsaspiratious to public usefulness. Gradually lu> speeches on great political occasions u the Birmingham town . hall attracted tM not,, i of his fellow citizens, and iittiQUjin. « might be expected, so zealous a ernocKt ..-as not a favorite iu the restricted »«., x ury circles oi tito town, no was uvued by his friends to offer ' himself as candidate for tho town council. Mr. Jcsso 0 mp— who i lms sinco himself reached the itnV1 "J"niclPal honors Birmingham could be- , and bccoino eminent as a vigorous l'ur- tw, iw C0"Ctt2ue ' Mr. Chamberlain in s,c=e — all<l I worked togcthor for the wee r,!.'co'n"1' with tho help of co-workers lir-i ' !n winning for Mr. Chamberlain his sm«lP!i -' Va hfc, although only by a tab v'3fu'V' At a- banquet given to celo- coim.it ir ?m',<!rli>in,i s election to the town 2S. Dixon, then M.P. for the turn- i v , '10 following prophetic utter- tumric ii . ,ve 'o-Jnv takon the first step fflstiin.nl i ln ' ,"ction f Mr. Chamberlain to St ,Cj l c scrT'oe. naving been loa» tn.Cn ,.ler f f'10 council it cannot bo stra in ii' ')e=omcs nm>'r- When ho has wilt otjf.in capacity, if not before, ho goes to e? o, 53! .lu fhwhn'ncut, and if lie becam-n ' iff ? 3 'l0 w'" Boncr or later io the Mhiistrv i' ffovoniment, nud onco 'he Bfiti.ii r .W'J) onn day bo Premier of r iu in-i I'hat prediction was Iluyor of lo- ? (?r0 1876 he had been elected fiou— i)Pi„„'il|n",fif,"'n "iro times iu succos- 'nuuiciiid "t... "ut'10r f fho most marvellous "svoralte ,'I)J0\OU,CU'S ever effected in oue on the rciimniic c »iU "\cmiljcr of Birmingham Mr. Ciiadbtnnn i > ?r' ,1):TOn- In 1880, when "dkewssoto,. ?b mco' Sir Clmrles 'B"llv reemmi.! « ''l0 Cubiuct. But, k'baraiicrlvn superior merits of Mr. great Hadic.,! "pledged bend of the Went, S:r n, j cement in and out of Parlin- frieaq, aU(i it' ' ' 'j'ohned office iu favor of his I oUi to admit Mr rw?n0, 110 alternative h is barely ten v . 'am to the Ministry. ) cars since ho entered Parlia- ment, 'nud it is only the last link in the chain of Mr. Dixon's prophecy concerning him tlint awaits fulfilment, :That iie.will be Premier ere King, if lie lives, is just as certain as that Lord Salisbury now holds the reins of office. These allusions to Mr. Cliambcrlim, although apparently a digression, nro really indispen sable to a comprehension of tlio history of (he caucus. I have stated that the consolidation of the organisation dates front tho systematic efforts uindo to obtain an accoptablo education act when Mr. Forstcr was Vice-president of the Council, At tho instance of Mr. George Dixon, Mr. Chumlierlain and others, a con ference was iuvited iu 1868, of gentlemen from all parts of tho kingdom, kuowu to be interested iu tho subject. Mr. Dixon presided and Mr. Jesse Collings acted as hon. sccretarv. Among those who nttcudcd were Professor Thorold Rogers, now M.P. for 'Southw- ark, Mr. Mundellu, M.P. , Vice-President of tho Coun cil under tho luto .Government ; the lato Mr. Edward Miall, formerly M.P. for Bradford ; Mr. Cowon, since elec ted M.P. for Nowcnsllc-on-l'yne, and many- other persons of influence, chiefly Noncon formist. Tho outcomo of this meeting was tho establishment of the National Education League, of which Mr.' Dixon was appointed president, Air. Jessie Collings, hon orary secretary, and Mr. Adams, secretary, Mr. Chamberlain being chosen president of the executive. The executive-comprised' Sir Charles Dilkc, Mr. J. S. Wright, Into M.P. for Notting ham ; tho Hon. Aubcron Herbert, Dr. R. W. Dale; Mr. Wm, Harris, author of the History of English Radicalism ; Professor Hodgson, of the Edinburgh University, tho present writer, and somo others. Out of our body tho caucus developed. Wo drew up an act, to be sub mitted to Mr. Porstcr. based on tho best features of -American nnd other foreign school systems. Our scheme ignored the old plan of making grauts to denominational schools, and shadowed forth a British National system whicli. should be free and compulsory, as well as universal, secular and uudcuoiniuutionnl. But the Government of tho day was of a decidedly Whiggish fla or. and Mr. Forstcr, who has always been a sort of crossgraincd hybrid liberal, was hardly the man to make any decided stand against vested ecclesiastical interests. Tho rcsalt was that whilo tho act we prepared was taken by the Government as a basis of operations in launching their new bill the establish ment of school boards in tho country was made only permissive in the Government mcasnio. To obtain the Education Act even in iis . present qualified form, however, the National Education League, whicli was mainly composed of caucus men, hail a hard fight Many a time we who were members of tho executive cheerfully gave up our leisure hours to address public meetings of the qucsliou iu the large towns of Euglaml. Tho work ultimately became so exacting than we were obliged, in addition to the liberal com mittees organised in each locality, to have paid lecturers nud other agents appointed to instruct tlio people and distribute the litcraturo wo issued. But we hod our reward ; the reluctant hand of the Government was forced, nnd but for our laborious exertions it is doubtful if there would uow bo auy Education Act in Euglnnd. The deep impression our earnestness mnilo upon the country encouraged us to strike out in other directions, in whicli politicnl reforms were urgently wanted. Those who lmvo followed tlio history of tho Roform Bill of 1867, which was passed' by the Tory Government with a very bud grace, will recollect how Mr. Disraeli strove to hamper its wotking, so that, after all, the portion of the taxpayers it was ostensibly iuteuded to benefit should derive from it the smallest minimum of advantage. Ho introduced into it an obstructivo clause meant to facilitate a Tory being smuggled into " three cornered constituencies," or consti tuencies having three members, under the guise of Hare's doctrine of minority representation, where all throe had previously boon returned under Liberal colors. Air. Harris, a loyal nnd ittgenious member of our executive, contrived n plan by which tho trick of the Tory Hjbrow was effectually checkmated, to tho annoyance and discomfiture of the Disraeli Government, which reckoned very confidently upou being revenged oa Birmingham by securing at least one Tory representative for that metropolis of - radicalism and the caucus. As wo were composed for tlio most part of Nonconformists and of Churchmen, who depre cated tho injustico of llio Stato patronising any single religions sect to the exclusion of all others, wc directed special effort for a timo to the ques tion of disestablishment. Extensive organised endeavors wcro put forth through tho platform ami tho Tress to expose tho falso theory of an Established Church. It is at this poiut lliat Mr. Schnadhiirst, tho present ablo nnd itifiuon- tiul secretary of tho United Liberal Asso- niftiirme «nmnc imrtn ihn fif.enft. Tift had been engaged in business, but being much moro interested in thoughtful pursuits and progressive social and political movements, he was selected secretary of our Nonconformist committee. By his energy, aided by the wise counsel of Messrs. Chamberlain, Collings Wright and other Radical leaders, the scope of the caucus's work was considerably broadened. Disestablishment is not yet within the rango of practical politics, but whatovcr Air. Gladstone may say wo have unquestionably brought that great event within 'mcasurablo distance." Our next coup was the elaborate organisation of tho Liboral party alt over Uio country. To the caucus and its example in Birmingham is owing tho existeuco of tho powerful Liberal » hundreds " iu tho great and small centres. Thcso bodies aro composed of representatives from local committocs, which aro also organised in cacli of tho borough words. Iu somo eases the collcctivo representative bodies number 400, in others 600, according to population. Tlioy are all organically connected with head-quarters in Birmingham, and subject to tho (lirecliou of Afr. Schnadhiirst, who is always in constant communication with Mr. Chamberlain on questions of administration. In no borough or comity can any Liberal candidates canvass bo sanctioned unless ho is ac cepted by tho hundreds of tlio locality, and similarly the mot d'ordrc goes forth, wiion necessary, for the orgamsod opposition of thcso bodios to bo directed on occasion against tbo political enemy in full force. There is no interference, in the central adminis tration of tho caucus, with tho freedom of local liberal unions, for tho mombors aro chosen bv the voters in tlioir rospcetivo words, and no col lective action of tho hundreds is taken excopt by the formal consont of a majority of thoso composing them. Another object on which the caucus has bestowed a large share of uttcution is the crea tion rind extension of tho Agricultural Laborers' Union, which now lias numerous branches iu ovory -county in England. When Mr. Joseph Arch,. Mr. Jc3S0, Collings and Air. J. S. Wright entered 'on ibis department of caucus labor, the enso of the oppressed and despised class to whose interests they devoted them selves, seemed utterly hopoloss. The grout iaudownors troatod any' attempt to penetrate the benighted ini'ud of Hodge with elementary instruction and ideas of political right-wilh haughty scorn — just as .many squutters and mer chants and other capitalists in Australia regard with ill-disguised aversion the claims of small fannors -and tho working classos Eoek- iug economic justice. But the success of the caucus In arousing tho laborcra as well ns the mass of tho oporatircs to claim tiieir share in c'onstituti rial rights is apparent iu the recont triumph of the County Franchise Bill, under which 2,000,000 new voters will go to the poll in, November. 1 do not for a moment underestimate the marvellous versatility, sagacity and perscvcranco of Mr. Gladstone, or the great measures imperishably associated with his name. But I deliberately say that it would bo difficult, iu the entire history of reform, to find a man who in so short n time lias come to wield in Eugland so vast ail iufiu- enco in tho advancement of Liber 1 princi ples, # and the reconstruction of tho Liberal party on tho Radical basis, as Mr. Chamberlain. Ho belongs to that keen-sighted and determined but 6hrcwd class of politicians who quickly discern all the hearings of a question, but who at the somo time mako up tiieir minds cauti ously, and then act with promptitude and decision. I speak from personal knowledge when I say that iu Air. Chamberlain, whatever inay be his.pcculiarities, political justice rules with all the force of a high religions sentiment ; and Mr. Collings, his lioutcnant, although not possessed of the coiumuudiug talent and oratory of his chief, is a man imbned with tlio. same elevated spirit. Not tho least convincing proof of Mr. Chamberlain's sincerity appears- iu his recent exposition of his future programme. He advocates a graduated income tax, on tho principle thnt the incidence of taxation should be determined ex clusively by tlic amount of income a man has or may have over nftcr lie has provided for himself and those dependent upon him the necessaries of lifo. Ho makes this proposal with the full knowledge that he will bo largely affected by it himself, ns lie is credited with an income of over A'5O,0GO a year. If ho wore a needy office-seeker, going auy length in making promises hi knows he cannot keep, for the sake of humor ing his constituency, we should know, from local experience in Victoria, what value to set upon his statements. But having known him. in privato and watched every step in his public career sinco ho entered the town council of Birmingham, not without same apprehension at first lest he should succumb to the blandishments of high fiosition, I am prepared to say that a more lonest, ablo, reasonable and energetic public leader never . entered Parliament. On the other band, despite wlmt is said to tho con trary by his opponents, so far from belying his political creed by any personal despotism or meanness, he is full of affability, wit and generosity, being ever ready with his pnrso to promote a goud cause. Should tho caucus succeed iu placing a Liberal majority, ill tho new Parliament and increasing Radical influence in the Liberal Cabinet, tlicy will proceed without dolay to pass a Shipping Bill to circumvent the heartless devices of a certain class of shipowners who scud thousands of sailors each year to perish in leaky ships, iu order to realise tho high insurance they bavo offcctcd on the linscaworthy vessels. A redress of land law grievances will next occupy special attention; - The caucus will slim at the abolition of primogeniture, and strive to make it compulsory for those .having large holdings of land to dis pose of a considerable proportion of what tlicy fail to utilise for tho public welfare. Land lords will bo called to account for tho unearned increment of valno upon land they wheedled out of tho Stunrtj, William ID., nnd the first two Georges, hut. never paid. far. The land tax payable by them on tho unjust scale of the estimated value "bf tlio land two hundred years ago will bo! made n leading source of public revenue. Inquisition will be made into the plunder . of commons by cer tain greedy landholders. The caucus, at tho .appropriate- timo, has determined to ngil tato for the oxtiuctiou of n hereditary Upper House and tho separation of the Church from tho State, dospito tho outcry of sacrilege and confiscation which will bo raised by those in terested in maintaiuing ecclesiastical abuses in tact. .. . Tim Hoi.t.oway Saxatohium.— Tlio mag nificent sanatorium, built at a cost of 41300,000 by tho late Mr. Thomas Ilolloway (of pill and ointmout renown), -has taken twelvo years to erect. The sanatorium, which stands iu its own grounds of 32 acres, consists of h rectangular block of buildings, covering 8 acres of ground. Tho building is of red brick, faced with stone, and consists of four floors containing 600 rooms, providing accommoda tion for about 250 patients. The premises are throughout decorated iu a most effective style, nnd well adapted for tho purpose in vicw,_ and tho numerous pictures placed in the corridors and rooms aro specially comiuondablc. Tho sanatorium, which was originally planned by tho lato Mr. Ilolloway, who was in scorch of somo deserving chari- oblo object to tho fonuding of which he could devoto some of his vast wealth, was com menced, on tho suggestion of tho Earl of Shaftesbury, for supplying a suitable retreat for members of tlio bettor classes and profes sional men who might bo suffering from tem porary aberration of mind. Tho privato inmates of tho sanatorium will bo required to pay for thoir accommodation, whilo tho receipts de rived from tlieso will be devoted to tho mainten ance of litorary and professional men who have lost tho nso of their minds, nud arc not m a position to pay for their hoard awl lodgingi- Thcso persons will bo entertained freo of uil ex pense, and tho arrrngcraents nro such as to hold out tho highest promise for their mental im provement and recuperation. The sanatorium is vested in two trustcos — Alessrs. S. Martin Ilolloway. and Driver Ilolloway. Dr. S. Iters Phillips has boon appointed medical superin tendent, whose special cxpericnco of lunacy pro-oinineutly fits him for the post. The architoct is Air. \V. H. Crossland. Somo 2000 invitations wore issued, nnd tho attendance was iargo. ' Tho visitors remained till a lato hour, dancing being carried on iu the great halt i 