ASTONISHING BIGOTRY. W hue the Church at large is said to be softening down gradually the old and hate-; ful divisions which brought disgrace and> weakness on Christianity, there are a few ' to be found in every little community who delight in an acrimonious exaggeration of their exclnsiveness. A correspondence which cropped up in the Sydney Morning Herald this week is a fuany example of this. A clergyman of the Church of England, it seems, invited a clergyman of'' the Presbyterian Church to address his Sunday school children, himself recipro- eating. The Sunday schools are usually taught by laymen, so thut even that; insane delusion about Apostolical sncces- sion had not an excuse for its nonsense ; nor was there the opportunity for a random shot about "consecrated build ings," since Sunday schools are not held in such charmed places. Moreover, it is a well known fact that the minister him-; 3elf has full, "local option? as to the person whom he will allow to address his Sunday school. Nevertheless, a, vOry few, busy bodies have been outraging common1, sense by absurd letters to the' Herald against " interchange of- pulpits caususjiGhurch rules, -preaching of Cal vinism;.; breach of holy orders, &c.; nouelof: which dreadful things happened' at all;; But if they had happened, what then? Would- the world be destroyed should a good minister of the kirk preach to Mr. Hargrave's congregation of adults 4 ; next ; Sunday. Why every Sunday ; the ' Queen,-: when in- Scotland', is : preached to'' by,, a .minister of : the kirk— and" his so- called Calvinism does not seem to- have : injured her much. But the. Queeh is temporal head of Mr. Har-' grave's church, and also virtually of the Kirk. We are glad to say that ' the- writers; of the anonymous -letters-' re-' present no fraction of- themembers of the1 church; /and r= the < arrangement - is uni- 1 versally agroable to these. There "are" some -men; .who : put on immense! magni-1-' ; fying- spectacles in / their' zeal' for" what' ' they believe 'to ; bic:high,-churehi3m;-?Mid-'?': so make/as much/ mischief as tliey can out 1 of the simplest 'material; ' One of them in- tne> 'Diocesan 'Synod-— Mr.; 'Clarendon1.; S tuarb, actually - disco vered a- sia' ia the ! administration of the 'Holy- Communion- in theievening ; and proposed 'a'resolutio'n1 condemning the practice ; which resolution:0 vvas.eqiiivalent to a-vote of 'esnsure on the'1 Lord Jesus CAmi /MTOJeZ/j 'who'ilistituted ' it>-in the-.- evening." AlVlittle - bird; has " chirruped -to'' us ; . that" this ' Very same-' gentleman is not<entirely; uninterested in ; the> little'/storm ;in' a -'teapot, 'anent 'the- ; Sunday; school- mf- St. David's,; -Surry ' 4 Hills : and if tbeJchirruppiug be tru9, we- can. only say -that Mr: Hargraves4 has ' exceedingly - good company ' when sub- - jectod to his censures. - \- With regard to interchange of pulpits," alchough ic: be not involved iu-the present matter at-all, but- is gratuitously dragged1 intoitforsiQister-'purposea.afew- words- may be -useful; - There "is . at present in ' this .colony- no law,- ecclesiastical or civile ' which could prevent a minister ; of the Church of England from preaching in the pulpit of any Protestant denomination. This has been settled by formal. opinion given by the foremost ecclesiastical law yers of England, who affirm that even a clergyman beneficed in England can, out side England, preach in any Nonconform ist church. Much more can colonial ministers who have no benefice in Eng land. The Eev. Dr. Barry has preached in such churches, and the late bishop was powerless to interfere. On the other hand, there is no law of the Church of England in these colonies which could prevent a minister of any other denomi nation preaching in a Church of England. The Canons of Canterbury and the Acts of Uniformity are expressly limited to a portion of the island of Great Britain. In one case to the "Provinces" of Canter bury and York, in the other to " the realm of England, the Principality of "Wales, and/, the town. ,of Beiwick-on- Tweed." "What is called "the King's ecclesiastical , law" ,is allowed not to extend beyond England. But there is a colonial Act of the old' pre- constitutional times whose ghost still -sits .like a night mare on the/ Anglican' Church; overriding synods and ' parochial '/.convenience, namely,; the, Chureb1' Act,, in which there is a clause which /forbids any one without the license of the bishop to officiate in "ai church completed and consecrated." This secular law; ins such; a church would forbid a minister of a Presbyterian Church, but it . would equally forbid a minister of the. Anglican . Church if he r had .riot the" local bishop's license so that it is not .. a question of ' orders at all-1— but of local license.- It must. also. be remembered that- the prohi bition applies- only-' to' "churches com- plete<l ' And , consecrated j 'J . ' 'so that / in churches riot so circumstanced the in cum-. b61? b/eb/ b-i Idncl / his . pulpit, to /a brother of another /denoiriination. /Inter change. pf ,/pul pi rs wit hin . t heee limits is therefore: quite /possible,', arid'; tho clergy man -.cannot .'be punished -for encouraging it;/ Eut: all /tilings/ that are lawiful;;''are riot/ always expedient ; ari.d 'it will. -be better not to iridrilge this liberty rintil't he peoplo are prfipa/red'for it ; lest.strife and debate sliould., disturb a - congregation.' Let .us, pray-aridj strive /for the day in which such interchange shall call forth no whisper of remonstrance ; and' where we can indulge ;it' ;riow- with quietness ' arid cordiality letus do so. ' It 'does1' riot appear, however, /that it' was/even: attemp- ted at. St. .David's,- arid., the .letters; /are stupid buflelings of the; air. , ,, :,;/ > 