An Innocent Maiden. | CHAPTER XVI — [ Continued .) THE VERDICT. The cffoct of thom was immediately appar ent. Tho eminent counsel took the paper antl glanced over it — nn almost momentary glnnco, accompanied by no apparent change of coun tenance, oi' any other expression of smotion : but when, after barely a minute's pause lie re sumed his speech, it was felt, not. by ono or two, but by every soul iu that assembly, that a subtle change had como over it, and one for . wluoh no one, not oven lie himself, had been prepared. 'Gentlemen,' lie said,- abruptly, ' I was re minding you that the prosecution have brought foiwaril circumstantial evidence only, and havo attempted to strengthen it by a cloud of witnesses. I shall not imitate them. I slmll call one witness only, and on her evidence, which is neither presumptive nor circumstan tial, I shall leave my case, and leave it with perfect confidence as to your decision, in your1 hands. Call Esther Mavors.' There was a little stir in court, something like a smothered exclamation from that corner whero the vicar still held his watchful posi tion ; and the prisoner was seen to start Vio lently and change colour, looking about him with nn almost bewildered expression as though the name uttered was that least expeetcd in tho world by him ; but already it had been repeated by the usher, and next moment there was a movement among the crowd which wedged every available passage, as though someone was trying to make her way through it, and a slender, childish figure being half lifted, half assisted into the witness-box stood there, turning a pale and terrified face upon . the judge and jury. Hetty's face, indeed! But so changed, so sharpened and wast-ed by pain and sickness that those who loved it best would hardly havo known it, with hollows iu the delicate temples, against which the soft curls clustered with such childish grace, with the lines of her black frock hanging loosely over the frail, ? shrunken figure, she looked the very ghost of herself, and a ghost so small, so shadowy and youthful as to provoke a kind of pitying gasp from most of those who looked upon her. ?Yet though there was no tinge of colour in the small sweet face, whose timid, wistful ex \- pression moved many a heart to compassion, and though she trembled so exceedingly that but for having hold of the rail she must have fallen, Hetty had not lost her self-possession. Her voice was quite audible as she took the oath, repeating the solemn words after the ? clerk slowly and clearly as a child giving a message it had tried conscientiously to learn ; and her clear truthful gaze never wandered once from the person addressing her, or seemed cognisant of any other presence. Yet the first question Sir James asked her, ' 'Where were you on the night of the Gth of December between ten and eleven o'clock 1' would have been enough to make many girls i hesitate before the answer Hetty had to give. ' In Captain Pentreath's room.' She had said it — said it audibly ; but there ?was colour enough in her face now where the . .blood had rushed up in a fiery tide, aud, to the , surprise of everybody, the prisoner himself interrupted her. ' ' You were not ! It is not true !' he cried out, passionately. 'My lord, I don't under stand this. I ? ' . But a stern rebuke from the judge silenced him, and a very few more questions — questions put with a tact aud discretion which showed Sir James's ability more than all his previous eloquence — led Hetty on to describle how she had woke up that night, and seeing that it was past ten, and that Mrs. Pentreath had not re turned, had come down to Captain Pentreath's , room to look for a photograph ; how, whilst doing so, she had heard his latch-key in the door, and fearing to bo caught thus in ber night-dress, had taken refuge in the box- closet; ;sliow, shut up there, she heard him pacing to and fro and talking to himself .in his excite ment j how at last lie had gone away, ond she had seized the opportunity to fly to her own room. . ,i ;So kindly and simply, indeed, did Sir James r put his questions, and with such an encouraging semblance of there boing nothing surprising or compromising in them, that Hetty's trembling grew less violent as she answered, and her voico, which had sunk almost to a whisper after '. the first words gained a little in strength ; „ .^yhiie two at least of her auditors felt a grow ing relief and comfort which forced a low , . ' Thank God 1' from one of them. ' The worst, however, was to come. Sir James, , /who foresaw it all along, had done his best for lier, making her tell the whole story clearly -. and simply, so that, whatever might be to ''follow, it should have had its full effect ' beforehand on the judge and jury, and had ; ' even forestalled one question which he knew . the opposite side would ask, and probably wished to have satisfied himself. ,, r 'How is it that you have not mentioned v any of this beforp. 1 Did you not know the ' -importance it would be to the prisoner?' ' 'Thero was a moment's hesitation, and Hetty's '' face grow very pale again as she answered, ... more falteringly than she had yet done : ' I have been ill — very ill — ever since the . . inquest. This is the first day I have been let go out.' ' ' ' So 'I should infer from youV appourance,' said the counsel, kindly, though he knew she had not answered him. 'Indeed, I see yo:i are hai'dly well enough to be here now, so I will only ask you one more- question. Canyon ' ' swear positively, and without any doubt what ever,'- that the person who entered Guelder ''' Lodge at half-past ton on the night in question, and whom you heard speaking and moving about in the room where you were hidden, was the prisoner now before you 1' ii-.-'''' 'Quite positively. No one else in the ' house has a latch-key. Besides, I could not mistake his voice and step. It was he.' 'Thank you. I think, then, 1 may say, ' ? -v and I appeal to the jury to agree with me, that you have saved the prisoner's reputation and delivered him from a very painful situa , ' tion. My lord, I shall call no other witnesses. yhe case for the defence is an aHbi, and I ' claim that we have proved it, unless, indeed, my learned brother wishes to cross examine : : this— this little girl ' — he said the last words '? intentionally, and as a final eflort to spare her_' who has come forward in her present, state of weakness, and under such trying cir cumstances, to testify to the truth.' But his learned brother did wish.it -was, indeed, only to Pouuce 'Pon the noss the momont alio was delivered over to him ; and ho was on his legs almost before Sir James had sat down, the vory dillbrent tone of his voico making poor Hetty blanch and shiver all over in advanco. ' You say you havo lived five years with Mrs. Pentreath as her companion. During how much of that timo have you known hor son 1' ; ' About six months only, lie came home from India in August.' ' Still six months is long enough for two 1 young people, a young man nnd woman 1 especially, to get tolerably intimate.' Hetty made no answer. ' Were you intinnito with each other!' j ' We were very friendly — yes.' | ' So friendly that you wero in the habit of getting out of bed in tho middle of the night, ' and coming downstairs in your nightdress to search for any littlo things you wanted — ' photographs or the like 1' For a moment the girl merely looked at . him, such a blaze of wounded -dignity and dis gust in her eyes as even silenced a kind of titter which had begun in the gallery, nnd provoked someone - a woman, too — to cry ' Shame !' ' I was not in the habit of doing so. I only did it that onco because I wanted tho photograph — it was my own — particularly, and I had had no other opportunity of getting it.' ' Was the room kept locked then during the day ' No, but ho might have been thero.' ' And you could not havo asked him for it 1' ' No, I had dono so, and he would not givo it to me.' ' Then you were not quite on such friendly terms, after all, as you described just now 1' ' Not then.' ' And when did these friendly terms come to an end V' ' Some little time before. Mrs. Pentreath did not like it.' ' Mrs. Pentreath, tho prisoner's mother, had observed tho intimacy between you,' and disapproved of it ?' 'Yes.' ' ? ' Before that had she been friendly to you herself V' 'Oh yes; she- always treated, mo like a daughter.' 'In that case she could hardly have dis approved of your having a merely friendly intimacy with her son. Are you certain that it was nothing more : that you were not lovers, in fact; and that this affair of tho photograph — one you had given him, I pre sume — was not a lovers' quarrel ?' ' No ; I never gave it him, and we were never lovers. I never cared for Captain Pen treath at nil except as a friend, and I was very angry indeed when I found he had taken my photograph. I would not allow him to have it.' ' You did quarrel then 1' ' Yes ; he spoke rudely ti me, and 1 thought ho had acted in an ungentlemanly and dis honorable manner.- I said I would complain to his mother.' 'And did you T « jsio ? ' 'But instead you persuaded Mrs. Pentreath to leave you at homo on a plea of illness, and when she was gone, got up and went down to prisoner's room in the middle of the night? Are you sure — excuse my asking you the question, but there is a Latin proverb, Aman tium irae inteyratio amove , with which you may or may not be acquainted— are you sure that you were not expecting his return, that your visit was not for the purposo of making up the quarrel which you already allow ? ' The girl lifted hor head. The innocent face was dyed scarlet as though he had struck it a blow, and there wero great tears of anguish in her eyes. ' You have no right — it is wicked to ask me that,' she said, in a smothered tone. You know I thought he was in town for the night ; that it was only — only because of that ? ' ' Mr. Serjeant, is this necessary?' said the judge. He had daughters of his own at home, and one — a little thing she was, about I-Ietty's age — lying under the turf in Norwood Cemetery with the grass growing over - her. 'Pray do not exceed your powers.' {To bo Continued .) 