WHY SHE WANTED A KISS. " Kiss me again." Sibyl Sartorious spoke these words in a grave alm manner that betokened the serious import in hich she held them, and as Herbert Holdfast bent enderly forward and pressed his lips sofily to hers, he looked up to bim in the sly, cat-on-the-backfence fashion, tbat had so witched him in the golden-hued days of courtship. There was no tint of deception in the pure nature of this girl, and her every act was tbe result of reflection, often profound. Brought up in Boston, she bad all her life been accustomed to put to its best use the power of discernment which a thoughtlul mind gave ber. Surrounded as she was by the mystic influences of Emerson, the Concord School of Philosophy, and several large warehouses where mackerel were sold, it is small wonder tbat when, standing on tbe threshold of womanhood, she beheld suitors for ber heart and hand approaching, she had analysed with ciitical care the hope and fears of each—had subjected the character of every wooer to the rigid scrutiny of a mind that, sealed crosslegged on tbe starry summit of psychological research, looked upon a man as only vivified protoplasm, and the deepest emotions of tbe heart as merely ihe manifestations of a too active nerve centre. Herbert knew this. He knew thit this girl, the rounded curves of whose figure and the dewy sweetness of whore lips would have made an anchorite leave his jcb without a pang, had naught of passicn in her nature. And so wben be bad complied—ob, so gladly—with her request, there stalks from out the banauet hall of his imagination where they had so long been unwelcome guests the sheeted ghosts of doubt and apprehension. Be knew now tbat Sibyl loved him with a love that would never falter or fail—a love that, securely built upon a foundation of-respect and admiration, was now crowned, with the large, roomy, mansard roof of a deathless never-changing passion. Her words proved it. Never bet ore had she even as much as hinted at a kiss, and when he had sought to take one she had submitted to his caresses more as a dutiful than as an ardent lover. But now all was changed, and it was she who sought the bliss that a large, well-regulated, tbree-story-and-basement kiss alone can gi^e. The thought was ecstasy. "You love me better to day, Sibyl," he said, " than you did yesterday. Is it not so, darling ?" " No," fbe answers, standing there calm and pulseless as a clam at bigb tide. "Then why," he says, " did you ask me to kiss you ?'• "Because," Sibyl replies, "I desired to ascertain whether or not you had been drinking rum," CONCERT AT HENLEY BEACH.—The Military Band will give a concert at Henley Beach this evening. 