EOIIOES OF MELBOURNE. (Bl3 THE GIoaST.) People halve by this time come to look upon many of our Parliamentary proceed ings s as a farce-a solemn and expensive one perhaps-but still a farce. The an nouncement made night after night in regard to the Licensing Act Amendment Bill, concerning which "progress is re ported," has of course, in virtue of this prevalent belief concerning our Legislative Assembly,. to be accepted in its Pickwickian sense. For really though the cry is pro gress there is none-at least none the Go vernment can boast of. Twelve clauses, and those not the most important of the measure, got through in one week is nasuradly no great feather in the cap of a Ministry contronted by no organised op position. Some good work has neverthe less been done. The clauses in regard to Sunday trading have been passed, and the ridiculous provisions which appeared in the measure on its introduction by the Government, "abolishing" barmaids, have been excised. Henceforth the liquor dis pensing syrens, so dreaded by the gallant Colonel Smith, and so disturbing to the morals of Messrs. Hall and Gardiner, may possess their imperilled souls in peace. So many silly propositions were made, in the shape of amendments on the original Go vernacsnt proposal prohibiting the em ployment In licensed houses of any female under the age of 21 years, and some of the ridiculous amendments were rejected by such a very narrow majority, that Mr Kerferd wisely withdrew the portion of the bill known as "the barmaid clause," and thus saved the colony from the ridi cule which stupidly restricted legislation would have.caused to attach to Victoria. Although the piece de resistance in the Assembly during the past week has been the Licensing Bill, honourable members have found time to indulge in what our American cousins describe as "pipe laying" for the next election. A bill has been in troduced, and, in the most attenuated of thin Houses, passed through all its stages in the Assembly, rendering "eight hoursa legal day's work" in Victoria. In view of the fact that eight hours has never been considered an " illegal" period of toil, and that nearly all the trades in the colony enjoy the boon conferred by the Eight Hours League, the little piece of legislation referred to decidedly comes under the designation of " pipe laying." In view of the fast approaching general election the desire of honourable members to " make friends of the mammon" of the working man is perhaps not much to be wondered at. DMr. Deakin in one of his post prandial orations "let the cat out of the bag" about the Electoral Bill, and lie and his col leagues have had to "explain." The Com missioner of Public Works has, accor ding to his own account, been "mis reported." Unfortunately for Mr. Deakin, the three Melbourne morning journals are all in accord in crediting the Minister with saying that in all probability the pro mised Redistribution of Seats Bill would not be dealt with by the present Parlia ment. If the charge of misreporting be therefore correct, it is singular that all the Press scribes present should have fallen into the same error. But then as we all know, queer things do happen some times. Generally, the Assembly is ready to avail itself with alacrity of any and every holiday the propitious Fates may throw in its way. On Wednesday evening, how ever, discarding ancient usage, the people's representatives sternly resolved to re nounce the temptation of a Mayoral ball," and to remain at their posts. Perhaps the fact that only some 18 honourable members, out of a total of 86, had been in vited by Mr. Carter, may have caused this sudden accession of virtue. The mild "hint to stay away conveyed in the omission to send the usual invitation to members of the ' popular' chamber derives increased point from the fact that on the evening following the ball, the Mayor in vited the working men" of Melbourne to an " at home" to meet his Excellency, and in addition to the civic hospitality, to be entertained by the pick of our musical artistes, and the elite of our men of science: At the Trades Hall gathering, honourable members, who under no circumstances can be considered as belonging to the class -of " working men" were as at the ball, con spicuous by their absence. Evidently Mr. Carter, like Dickens's barber, knows how to " draw the line." The New South Wales Soudan Con tingent has come to be looked upon not only from a provincial, but from' an Aus tralian point of view, and Victoria 'has therefore as much reason as the parent colony to rejoice that the stigma attaching to one of the officers of the force has been removed. The accusation levelled against Lieutenant Mulholland has fallen to the ground. Mr. Suttor, M.P., who made the charge, has confessed himself unable to substantiate it. But he has not had either the manliness or the courage to apologise, and Mr.'Mulholland, being a civil servant, cannot without risking his position chas tise the cowardly libeller with a horse whip. For the credit of the cloth it is devoutly to be hoped that some of Mr. Mulholland's comrades, who have neither the fear of the Civil Service Commis sioners or Mr. Speaker's warrant before their eyes will, introduce Mr. Sutter's epidermis to a well-seasoned "cowhide." The announcement made by the honour able member for Brighton that he intends in future, as leader of the left hand side of the House, to render his assistance to Mr. Service does Mr. Bent credit. The praise due may, however, be discounted when it is borno in mind that it is now obvious that during this session,at all events, from the Pisgah of Opposition to the Canaan of ofice, the road is blocked, and that the time for journeying to the promised land of the Government benches from' the cold shade opposite has not yet come in its full ness. Mr. Coppin, who erstwhile as one of the shareholders in the Theatre Royal Com pany countenanced the "saddling pad. dock," has resolved to "star" in a new role. He has, as is well known to every body, "in his time played many parts." Latterly he has, as promoter of "our lodgings." been posing as a philanthropist; now he is desirJus of appearing as a social purist. The versatile member for East Melbourne has donned his war paint, and embarked on a crusade against the fair denizens of Latrobe-street east. He would have been wiser hadhe allowed theGovera ment to redeem the promise set forth in the Governor's speech at the opening of Parliament, and 'introduce the special legislation so much required. That Coppin should rush in where Berry fears to tread' is perhaps in accord with the eternal fit ness of things. The subject is a difficult one to deal with, and the fact that persons dealing with it must of necessity "put the fig leaf on their remarks" renders it still 'harder to handle. It is one which may surely hbe left to the combined influence of pamphlet, Press, petticoat, and pulpit. The rumoured resignation of the Agent Generalship by Mr. Murray Smith turns out to have been only a silly ranard. It is whispered, however, that in the office where the report originated the wish was father to the thought, as they are both 'desirable and aspiring candidates for the "billet" lying in wait not a thousand miles distant from Collins- street east. The breach between the Commander-in Chief of the Victorian army (Lieutenant Sargood) and the Commandant (Colonel Disney) is not yet healed, and when these gallant oficerso meet they simply exchange military salutes. What a pity both gallant officers don't follow the advice B3ishop Moorhouse tendered to his clergy and get rid of "the suffocating idea of self importance" that has covered them both with so much ridicule ! From a news paper correspondence which has appeared within the last day or two the public has learned tlhat schools which hitherto have been deemed nothing if not denomina tionalarestrictlyunsectarian.Thero is,sothe principals of those establishlments tell us, nothing of Presbyterianism about the Presbyterian Ladies' College ; and as for the Wesleyan College, why, the ladies, we are told, have the run of seats in the "Anglican" church. In this case there is really "nothing in a name," and although the Presbyterian and Wesleyan bodies con tribute severally to maintain the schools, it does not in the least affect the doctrine taught in the school. The " curriculum" does not embrace "sectarian religion.'' A Buddhist young lady, or even a daughter of Mr. Joseph Symes the Freethinker, would equally be welcomed to the semina ries, provided they paid the fees. It almest appears as if the world had not idtorod much since Judas sold his Master forithirty pieces of silver, when we find gentlemen ready to abjure Presbyterian ism and Wesloyanism in order to secure the pecuniary advantages attaching to "eligible boarders." September 28. Mr. Dobblidaysays that he has one of the most obedient boys in the world. He tells him to do as he pleases, and he does it without a murmur. A "monster in human form" says the only time a woman does not eiaggerateo is when she is talking of her own age. 