GUNDAGAI HOSPITAL. Tbe usual monthly meeting of the Gundagai Hospital Committee was hold on, Tuesday even- ing last. There were present — Messrs. Mackins (in the chair), Col. Smith, Bibo and Walker. The minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. The medical officer's report for May was read as follows:— Bemaining in hospital on 31st April, 2 males; admitted, 6 males; discharged. 4 males; died,' 1 male. Total, 13 males. Be maining in hospital on 31st May, 3 males. An account from Elliott Bros., Sydney, for £10 6s 2d was submitted. Dr. O'Dwyer stated that this amount was for instruments whioh he had returned, but he was informed that tho firm said they would merely keep them for the hospital unless an opportunity presented for selling them. Accounts amounting to £31 3s 6d were passed for payment. The offer of Mr. John Isaac, to collect sub-: soriptions for the hospital, was aoceptod, the terms being 10 per cent, for the first £100 and 16 per cent, for all over that sum. In reply to a question the chairman stated he understood nothing had been done to obtain tho unclaimed poundages, or thai Government sub- sidy; bnt he promised to ask ; tho treasurer to' write for thorn without delay. Mr. Walker, whoso seat on tho Committee had become vacant through non- attendance, wob re-elected. ' It was deeided to adjonrn the mooting until Tuesday noxt, the seoretary to givo written notice to oaoh member of the Committee. Tbe Visiting Committee for the month is— Messrs. Bibo, MaokinB and Murray. The meeting then adjourned. AMEETraa was held on Wednesday evening For the purpose of forming an Amateur Dramalio Club in Gundagai. There were twelve persons present and Mr. Griffin was voted to the ohair. A resolution was carried that a olub be formed, and those present form the com mittee. The following gentlomen were elected offioers :— President, Mr. J. ~B. Elworthy, J.P. ; Vice-President, Mr. B. Walton ; Seoretary and Treasurer, Mr. W. T. Griffin; Stage Manager, Mr. B. G. Ely; Property Man, : Mr. A. W. Pratt; Prompter, Mr. W. MoCook; Committeo, Messrs. A. W. Pratt, Tierney, Dhann, Hilly,. Ely, MoCook, Pago, A. Elworthy, Wilson, Walker and MoArthur, together with tho President, Vico-Prosident and Seoretary, who are ex ojficio membors. A sub- committee con sisting of Messrs. Pago, Ely, MoCook and Pratt were appointed to draw up a code of rules to be submitted to general meeting of the club on .Wednesday noxt. It was also decided that tho first performance should bo givon'in aid of a Moohanics' Institute in Gundagai. Tho moot ing torminatod with a vote- of thanks to tho ohairman. Who is Professor St. Loger ? Well, ho is a celebrated horse-tamer who claims to be ablo to subdue the most stubborn and vicious horses that can be brought to him. From the Yais Courier we extraot the following :—' Professor St. Legor, tho celebrated horso tamer, gave an exhibition of his skill in tho art of taming un broken and vicious horses in Mr. B. A. Barber's yards, at Hiimewood, on last Saturday (2nd May), and in the presence of several gentlemon proved his ability in dealing with any kind of horses in a very satisfactory mannor. First on tho list was a determined ' buok jumper,'1 ownod by Mr. Collins, of Euralie, and in a short space of half an hour ho was ridden and did not buok. Mr. Venables assures us that this horso had not beon ridden for twelve months previously, and had alwaj's oithor thrown his rider or attempted to do so by that vigorous and very varied performance commonly termed ' bucking.' After about an hour's skilful treatment an unbroken mare, five yours old, carried a man about the yard as quietly as if sho had been ridden for months. Tho Professor then operated on sevoral other ' demons.' Con spicuous amongst theso was a grey maro, belonging wo aro informod to Mr. Brogan, of Humewood. For tho last six or seven years this mare has been considered tho most vicious in the Toss district. Mr. Brogan, after tho Professor had hor for an hour or so, rode the maro out of the yard and cantered about the paddock. This was considered the event of the day, and for which Mr. St. Loger received a round of well-merited applause.' . It will bo seen by his advertisement that Mr. St. Logor will be.in 'Gundagai next WednoBday. , Pebbaps the best news nublished this morn ing is Messrs. McSharry and Co'a advertise ment for 200 men at once, to go on with the Tumut Extension— in other words to bring the railway into Gundagai. Thanks to the energy displayed by Mr. Whitton and the District Engineer (Mr. Simpson), we will hear the rum ble of the train' before Christmas. Some littlo delay ocourred at one time through the neces sity of gotting the permission of owners of land to commence work at once without waiting for the usual six months notice, but all parties be ing agreed, the work oan procoed, and yesterday morning tho first sod was turned of tho railway to Tumut, and we hope that oro long tho last one will bo doalt with. It is to Messrs. McOros san and McSharry that tho thanks of the com munity are duo for this oxtonsion, as both gontlomen havo novor ceased impressing upon tho Minister tho necessity thore was for tho line being continued. Tho contract price is about £12,000, tho lino runs through some very hoavy cuttings in rook, and 97,000 yards of stuff will havo to bo romovod boforothe vork is coiuploto. It is surprising how careless some pooplo are in money matters. Last Monday morning the hospital wardsman took apair of trousors belong ing to a patient for the purpose of getting thorn washed, when it was discovered that in the pockot was £184. Seeing that tho man is a navvy, and these trouBers were those he worked in ovoty day, it is surprising he kept suoh a large sum in safety. More romarkablo still is it that in these days of banking conveniences any one should keep such large sums of money about their persons. Ever since the dreadful storm which visited Qundagai in February last, tho stablo, in the oourt-houso has assumed the position— though not so safoly— of the leaning towor of Pisa. The.struoture is built of weatherboards on a briok foundation, and was ltteValiy%orewef off it at the southern end, and persons going near expeot every moment to see it fall down. Eithor the thing should bo made safe or olso pulled down before it destroys something in its fall. To give an idea of the magnitude of the business done at the polioe court .offices in Gundagai, we may mention that during last quarter Mr. Weekes received the sum of £432 as Clerk of Petty Sessions. .'''.. ? To-morrow tho concert, in aid of the Boman Catholic Ohuroh at Jugiong, will. take placo. In consequence of the large number of tickets which have been sold — over 400 wo are informod ? it has been deemed advisable to hold the con cert in Mr. Frank Lloyd's wool-shed, instead of in the court-house. It is anticipated there will be a large number of visitors from all the surrounding townships. ' Seeds of Grant, for sundry portions of land hove beon received by the Crown lands agent, Gundagai, from the BegiBtror-General's Depart ment, in favour of Mrs. Mary Oollan, Messrs. Wm. Jones, Owen Oooney, John Lloyd and Henry Osborne, all of Jugiong; also for Meears. Andrew Grain and James Neve, junior, of Adelong Crossing ; and Mr.; Samuel Bishop, Eurongilly. '''.'. '. '.'? ' '..'.,,'.'' ? The Towns Police Act has boon oxtended to tho town of Junoo Junotion. It is always gratifying to hear of. the success of tho native youth, and without wishing to' disturb tbe ghost of Anthony Trollopo, we may be pardoned for ' blowing ' that every day tho AuBtraliaus are showing that both in brain and musolo they can not only hold their own, but show their countrymen in England that they oan load with as much doxtority as they can follow. We aro led to think of these things by hearing of Mr. O. Weekes, son of the Clerk of Petty Sessions, Gundagai, who went home a couple of years ago to study medicine. Out of sixty candidates who were selected from the London University to andorgo a preliminary examination, preparatory to their going up for thoir admission as surgeons, eleven passed, and out of the eleven half were plucked when up for exam,, but Mr. Weekes passed with high honours and he is now a ir ember of the Boyal College of Surgeons, England. As Mr. Weekes is only 22 years of age, it must be admitted he has lost no time in prbsoonting his studies and we oongratulate him on his sucoess. On Wednesday last a man named George Pringle, a quarryman, in the employ of Messrs. JcSharry and Co., was admitted into tho hospi al suffering from severe injuries to his eyeB hrough an explosion. , Pringle was engaged in jlasting operations in the quarry at Muttama, tnd had put in a oharge of dynamite whioh skplodod bofore the had time to get away.' 'The anfortunate man is frightfully burned about the head and body, his eyes suffering the most, sno of them, we understand, being injured so much as to load to tho belief that the sight will bo totally destroyed. Dr. O'Dwyer at tended to tho sufferer immediately on his arrival at the hospital. A handball matoh has been arranged be tween Adelong and Gundagai to toko place noxt Thursday at Mr. K. Egan's well-known court at Adolong. We havo been shown by the manager of the Commercial Bank a nugget of gold weighing olose upon ISozs., which was unearthed eome whoro in tho immodiate neighbourhood of Gun dagai, but tho localo and other particulars con cerning it havo, as a matter of policy, been withhold from us. It is a compaot mass of rich looking gold, evidontly the output of some quartz roof, and we aro lod to understand that two other pieces have been previously found in tho samo locality. The Colonial Mutual Assurance Society advertise their prospectus in this issue, and judging by it it is very evident the sooiety is making such progress as will soon placo it upon equal terms with its great rival the A. M. P. Society. Mr. J. W. Benson, auctioneer and commission agent, is the agent for Gundagai. Hotelkeeferb are reminded that the Licen sing Court will sit on Wednesday noxt for the granting of renewals, considering applications for new licenses and transfers. Mb. W. H. Hilton's tenders for the wooden buildings to be orected at Edwardstown and Bongongolong for Publio Sohools have been accepted by tho Department of Publio Instruo tion. Mb. E. A. Ioeton, has been appointed Bo turning Officor for Tass Plains. At Mr. Watson's meeting at Coolao on Friday last, a resolution was proposed by Mr. Freorson, seconded by Mr. P. Maher, and carried una nimously, ' that Mr. James Watson do not resign, such course boing against tho wishes of the Ooolao electors.' PlKKSTONEon Watson. Tho followingextracts aro culled from a apoech delivered by'MrV Finkstone recently at Cootamundra :— ' They had had instances given them of Mr. Watson's potent influence, and that he succoeded in sottling questions connoctod with the Gundagai railway thatothor influence had beonunablo to aonieve in the matter of taking tho railway into tha township of Gundagai instoad of stopping a milo or so this side of it, whioh his influence had obtained aftor all other efforts for it had failod. [From the above it will be seen that Mr. Pink stone knows soraothing more than any other man living.-Ed. O.21.] The Illustrated Sy&ney; News for tho month is to hand. A now feature of poouliar interest to ladies are tho paper patterns supplied. The illustrations and literary matter are as usual very excellent. Mb. Wright, Minister for Publio Works, seoms very determined with regard to the Wagga-Tumbarumba line. He said at the Waggo banquet on Tuesday lost : — ' Ho had the honour of recommending their local railway from Wagga Wagga to Tnmberumba. - (Oheers.) He had been told by many people that he had made a mistake with regard to this lino, but he was certain that he had not, and he would bo satis fiod to allow it to be tried on its morits. (Oheers.) Tho lino was one whioh would open up a traot of rich country, and would be a productive line in a few years. He would promise them that as long as he was Minister for Works,~so')bng would ho see that the surveys of .their line were pushed on for oomplotion, and he would take ithe: first opportunity of laying thorn before the Parlia ment of the country. (Loud cheers.)" The Melbourne correspondent of the Albury Sinner thuB alludes to an old Tumut favourite : — ' And speaking of preachers, there is the Rev. 0\. J. Byng, one of Bishop Moorehouse'e best men, who lectured, to a Urge audience a few evenings ago on the enbjeotof 'Judos on his Trial.' - Mr. Byng broached the startling theory that Judas Iscsnot, instead of being a hangdog- . looking personage that painters from time iin momorial have represented him to bo, was in reality a good-looking sort of man, possessod of considerable ounning and general ability. In confirmation of this theory Mr. Byng pointed to his own experience, whioh was that the worst and most vicious people are to be found among handsome mon and pretty women. Mr. Byng may be right, but his theory would prove a' highly disturbing element on the modern Btoge,' as the villains and handsome young lovers would have to ohango places completely.' Messrs. Fisher Bros, and Holdeb have soourod tho oontraot for tho .oreotion. of poliw quarters at Adelong. ;;vi -;V.£i.JC;l.''i..M.'\il''j'' ,'; PARLiAMEST^b'ew.'^^P^SVodflnti tho 28Uiot JuiyVjoilJimiii vVf ,-:i.-.!ii -Ji : . ?- ' The eestheticism'of that eccentrio artist, Mr. Whistler, asfoarried ,to suoh extreme longths that he studies' harmonies of colour, in relation to the food which appears upon his table. A gentleman who breakfasted with him on a ro cent occasion, writes :— ' The potted shrimp . was an inspiration in coral and white, the curry a donoootion in Bopia and white, tho pmolotte was an olta podrida in ohrome and yellow, and tho hot cakes and bread arrangomonts in rich brown. The wino was of a high amber colour, and gurgled from globos of Venetian gloss of a _ darker tint.' A Card. — To all who are suffering from, the srrorjtBBd' indisorotions of youth, norvous weak.-. oo_y early jlocay, loss of manhood, &p.;, Iv'will' Bend» rooipa that will ouro you, f reo of charge This great remedy was disooveroOj a mission ary in South America. Send a solf-addressod envelopo and sixpence to prepay postago to the Bev. Joseph T. Inman, Station D, New York City, U.S.A.— Adv. . ' The origin and dato of tho first playing of whist have of late been much discussod, particu larly in England, where tho game received a degree and study well nigh religious. Hoyle, the earliest writer of any note on whist, com- ? monly called the father of the game, published his first .'Short Treatise' about 1742, in his 70th year. Though educated for the low, ho loved cards passionately, and was so skilful a - player that he used to reoeive a guinea a lesson for teaching different games. Ho spent his days and nights at tho cord tablo, whioh so agreed with him that he lived to bo 97. Whist is Bupposod to be a dovolopment of trump or triumph, played in England at least as early as . the reign of Henry VIII. Trump is mentioned in a sermon by Latimer, the Sunday boforo Christmas, 1529, and by Shakespeare punning ?n the word triumph in ' Antony and Cleopa tra.' Whist is not named by any writer of tho Elizabethan era. The earliest referonco to whist is in 1621 in the poems of John Taylor, the water poet. In the first edition of Cotton's 'Complete Qomoster' (1072) no allusion is made to whist ; but in tho second edition, issued six vears later.it is mentioned as a came ' com~ monly known in England.' Cotton's saying that the game getB its name from the eilence observed in playing it, although generally accepted, is by many regarded as incorrect. The proper namft is probably ^7hisk. A NTTMKEli of Ballarat gentleman, including three magistrates, havo docidod to form an ' Anti-Spirit Society,' in which those joining will pledgo themselves not to drink brandy, whiBkey, gin, and other spirituous liquors. Alo and porter are to be allowed almost ad UB. It is said that the idea is to induce spirit- drinkers to give np their luxury for tho mildor bovorage,.: and in due timo endeavor to got them to abstain; altogether. A beautiful painting.— Mr. G. G. Groon, of Woodbury, Now Jorsey, TJ.9.A., is/prosontiujf to(/ra'ggi6ta:p.n4_ others in this oounjry some very 'fine pictures in oil of his magnificent house and grounds and laboratory at that placo. Mr. Green is tho proprietor of Boeoheo's German Syrup and Green's August Flower, two very valuable medioines, whioh are mooting with great favonvtbo first, aa a leixiedy.for.Pulmon-- ? ,„., ary complaints, and the latter for Dyspopsin and disorders of the Liver. These preparations' hiivo attained an immons» salo solely on thoir superior merits and are Bold by all druggists throughout the world. The prico is tho samo for each, 3s 6d per bottle, or sample bottles for 6d. The sample bottles enable sufferers to provo - thoir value at a trifling cost. — Adv. The latest addition to our volunteer force ia - a skirmishing corps, to be called tho Bangers.' It is to a certaiu extent a swell corps, as tho members are to bo bollottod for, and to provide thoir own weapons and uniforms. Thoy will probably ho affiliated with the University corps, and constitute a sort of independent body froo IN tho year 1884 tbo residents of Bourko re ceived only ono mail a week from Sydney, and it was not until 1868 that they scoured a socond ono, which then was despatched by tho round-, about route via Wulgott. Iu 1860 this second mail was sent by tho direct Western route, and was even then eight days in transit. Now, however, there is a daily mail between Sydney, and Bourko, and in a few days mails leaving Sydney at S p.m. will reach Bourko, a dietanob of 600 miles, tho next day at 9 p.m; .only ocoupying 25 hours in transit. Passengers can now look forward to the Bourko trip as one of pleasure instead of one of eight days' torture, as it used to bo. Throat Affections and Hoarseness. — Allauf- ferinBrjfronrirritation of tho throat and hnnrnri^ — m ? nerfwill fx- agreeably surprisod a^f tho ahqSst immediate, relief affordod by the p£ of ??'Brown1! Brofioh—iTtaqhoa.' Those fatrTourtrlozongW' are now sold by most respectable^ chemists in this country at Is ljd per box. People troubled with a 'hacking cough,' a 'slight cold,' or bronchial affections, oaunot try them too soon, as similar troubles,, if allowed to progress, re sult in serious pulmonary and nsthmstio ? tions. See that the words ' Brown's Bronchial Troohes' are on the Government Stamp around eaoh box. Prepared by John I. Brown & Sons, Boston, U.S. European depot removed to 33 Farringdon-road. — Adv. Florilinel— For the Teeth and Breath.— A few drops of » tho liquid 'Florilino' sprinklei^-1— ;=' on,* wet tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather which thoroughly oleansos tho teeth from, all' ^ ??fflft_iti-ajifr' jmpnriHan, Wflnnn tjm piimi.'.pijS' Vents tartar, stops docay, givos to tho tooth a peculiar pearly-whitenoss, and a dolightful fra- - grance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or toba'coo smoke. The ' Fragrant Floriline,' being com posed in part of honoy and sweet herbs, is delioious to tho taste, and tho greatest toilot dis covery of tho ago. Prioe 2s Od, of all ohemiets and porfumers. Wholesale depot removed to ?? 33 Farringdon-road, London.— Adv. ; : ? V ' At Iiord Wilton's wine ; saloi: the. -'other day . some champagne sold for 410 ahUUqgs per doaan ; - that is, 34s a bottle, or about 3s 'forjm. ordinary wineglasstul. A fanoy prioe, surely 1 The EoBtbeurne. Board of Guardians havo ordered a minoing mdohino to bo suppliod for thouso of aged and toothless paupers in their workhouse.. The instrument is ordored at the instance of the lady guardians. Holloway'a Ointment and Fills. — Whenever . the^a'thnjfrwriable, ana tho^mponiture ronstaWy Changing, tho woafe andifelMWemust $-e voj£ caroful to nogleot no symptom of dis 'ordetod aotiori or ill health. Weak-ofteSted and Btrumoua subjoots will find in those noblo remedies the means of oasting out tho bad humours which originate and prolong their sufferings. The Ointmout should be wall rubbed twice a day over the choBt and the Fills takon in alterative doses. It will penetrate and aot moBt wholesomely and energetically 'on the disbaaed structures. These remedies manifest a wonder ful power in removing all taints from tho blood- and consequently in ouring a 'multitude of ohronio ailments whioh seemed to be almost irremediable. — Adv. Mothers Don't Know. — How many ohildren arq punished, for being uncouth(.'*ill(aU and indifferent to instruction or xoStsird simply hccaW th'syfaro out of health ! 'Aiftal&igait; ' fady said of a child of this kind : ' Mother don't know that she should give the little one snodorate doses of American Go's Hop Bitters for two or three wooks, and the child would be all a parent could desiro.' — Adv. A Cometary Season.— Tho number of comets thatyta\o tracked the horizon this yen nth theirjlary tails muBt have engendered flxafkiio troubles that have befallen us. . Drought*, murders, suioides, and other disruptions to the UBual routine of affairs have startled and annoyed the national sense, and yet, amid all thoso abnormal developments, tho sale of Wolfe's Schnapps has been steady and increasing. Bo sure you obtain Wolfo's Schnapps.— Adv. Experiments havo boon successfully made on the Now York railways with the system of com municating between moviog trains and tho stations along their routes (lately invented by Mr. L. 'J. Fhelps,) Words were distinctly transmitted while the train was travelling at tho rate of twenty-five miles an hour,, although a heavy snowstorm prevailod at the time. Mes sages have sinco then boon unerringly trans mitted whilst tho train was running at tho rato of forty miles an hour. The Government recoivod a telegram on Tues day from Colombo, dated Monday, stating that Eobiuson, of the Sydnoy Contingent, wan doad, and Coburn is in a critical state. WnEN Eobert Burns wrote 'Comin* thro' tho Eye ' he did not moan, ns many suppose, to picturo a coy sweet-faced young girl and a pro sumptuous young man kissing hor in a rye-Sold, but to a small rye or rivulet in Ayrshiro which could be forded. In wading over, or comin' thro' this ryo, or creek as wo would call it in this country, the 'lassies' had to hold up their petticoats, and it was a favourite pastime for Burns and his mischievous companions to lie in wait for the lassies orossing tho crook or comin' thro' tho ryo. When they got to mid stream tho 'laddies' would wado out and snatch a kiBS from tho 'lassies,' who wero unablo to resist without dropping their clothes into tho water. The Tumut Times thus refers to tho retirement of Sorgoact Zoollnor :— ' This worthy police ofBcor, after spending ovor a quarter of a century in aotivo service, has, through failing health, retirod from duty. In his day ho has proved himself a bravo and efficient officer ; and ho has oarnod tho good wishos of tho civilians with whom his lot has boen oaBt. That honours camo not in bis way waB his misfortune, not his fault. Howovor, we are pleased to loam that tho authorities have mado somo amonds for past neglect, and Sergeant Zoollnor, who had only about 10 months longor to sorvo to bo ontitlod to a full pension, has been pensioned off on half a sonior-Borgeant's pay. The Executive Counoil has mado, under the Oth section of the Act 19 Victoria No. 34, a regulation fixing tho fees to tho Distriot Regis trars of births, deaths and marriages of the colony, at two shillings for oaoh ontry mado. The claimant, otherwise SirBogerTiohborne, has turned his hand to pigeon shooting, and won a tnatoh in England a fow woeks ago againBt a Mr. M'Eay for a stdko of £100. The conditions wero 18 birds each, but tho claimant killing 12 out of IS against 6 out of d similar number to his opponent, won. ' . 