2 You know ' tig. pious to be meek, " ?■ And flaming rage to smother; You ought, if euiitten on a cheek, \- : Tarn to the smiter, t'othprr . And you muBt help a man when brokei . "Whenever it: befals so; And if a man should ask your cloak, Give him your coat, sir, alto. But though that is the Script'ral plan,; It *s hard to many a brother; i Far simpler seems it to a man— . r '•One turn deserves another." - : - ; So, if a correspondent should, Abbut you,. send a stunner To dish up here; if you, I would, ; r In turn, give him a one*! If here you get a jarring pound, Don't get your shirt-tail out; Give jar for jar—have round for round— 'Twduld be a Bound-about. ^ A child, 3 years of age, of Mrs. Longfeldt, iat Kiel (Logan way), was scalded to death the other dity, by palling a saucepan of boiling water over himself.' His mother picked him up in an unconsciotui state, \- and, as soon as he recovered his senses, plunged him into a tub of cold water. On stripping him, the child was flayed alive by the skin adhering to vthe clothes. The sufferer was rubbed with oil and arnica,^ butdied the next day. The system adopted by the mother, so disastrous in this instance, is said to b»e usual in Germany, of which eountry she is amative. The Melbourne (Vic.) City Council is issuing loan debentures to the amount of £150,000. The Union Bank there, with which the Council's account has hitherto beetn placed, refused to buy the debentures. Consequently, the C^iancil's account has ,been trans ferred tQ the Nafcional.And Commercial Banks, Mel bourne, which institutions have offered to purchase, the whole of the debentures,banking departure, hithertonnprecedented in Australia. A sbanoh of the Blue Bibbbn Society has been started at. Ta^om, tlie chief promoter of the same being W. C. Maytie, of G-hinghinda station. A pro minent Taroom resident recently gave a lecture in that town, in advocacy of the Blue Ribbon movement, and commenced bil evening's entertainment by " shouting^ liinejuicies iall round. It would be .a healthy thing if a good many of the old wine-bibbers floating round Taroom, donned " the bonnie badge o* blue." A Alexander Shaw keeps the Club-house Hotel, at Bourke (N.S.W.), and, on the 10th, had Thomas Chidgley arrested for obtaining from him £37 under false pretences. Shaw said Chidgley was gambling in his house on a Sunday evening, and, at short in tervals, borrowed from himjB5, £10, and .£20. and £2 more on the following morning, promising to repay the money as soon as the bank opened. The " false pretence " appeared to consist in the bank's being duly opened while the money remained unpaid. Chidgley, taking no heed of the bank whatever, or of its accessible condition, left the town and was followed by Shaw to Byerock, and there given in charge. One Samuel Bradley swore to having seen the money lent, and heard the promise of repayment made, but all the satisfaction Shaw received was to see Chidgley discharged, and hear-the Bench call the attention of the police to the gambling which was evidently carried on in his (Shaw's) house. A.. N. Copeman, Inspector of Stock in the Narrabri district, N. S. Wales, recently drew attention in the Narrabri Herald to the death of stock from over gorging themselves with saltbush. Since then, 40 Bheep, out of a travelling mob, which was Grossing the Galathera Plains, died from the effects of an over feed of saltbush, which,, when eaten in large quanti ties, iu:ts as a poison. TENDEEs are shortly to be called by the Govern* ment, it is said, for the construction of about 400 miles of rabbit-proof fencing. Queensland Ice and Freezing Co. has got its establishment at North Quay in -working order, and p|o^es^£b' supply ice at the moderate rate of id per Itj. Ifhe old Brisbane Ice Co. forced this competition its .utter incapacity to mfeet the d^m^nd in hot weather. It was a curious factthat, vrhetieveraperiodof particularly sultry weather was ; experienced, themachinery of the old company broke down; As, a consequence, whenever ice was most needed>it couldn't be procured. Under the new con ditions of' things, hot coppers should always stand an easy show of getting cobled. 2 ' £he storekeepers,.of Hughenden, have consented to jgivia%^c|ir ; emplbyees the prpposed weekly half- . toclose tlieir establishments on thesfe occasions. They will, themselves, remain on duty, which will, probably, deprive the released ones, or at least, some of them, of half the pleasure which would otherwise be afforded by the relaxation. • But, perhaps, the bosses will soon get tired of their 80lf imposed confinement, and hie them, like rational beings, to the scene of their employees' amujwmejit; where, after alii they will possibly meet the majbjity of the customers lor whom they are now ljjiihg in wait ■ l. C Mbs. M'KuBBtAv&TCs; hiscalled upon me with a request that I elucidate the following advertisement, before she shakes out her Sunday shawl to interview the " Missus," but I have been unable to assist her. " Wanted Gook. ■ Bread and Butter, no Laundry work. Wages 14s. per week. V Apply by letter, Mrs. Qt. M. Simpson, Bon Accord, Dalby." If the cook has to be a bread-and-butter Miss, Mrs M'Kurrianrjce hasn't a ghost of a chance, as she is a strong-minded womanof forty-; and she is in hopes that the myster ious words have reference to her own diet, or else to the materials to be submitted to her professional manipulations.; In any : case; it is too dangerous a matter for me to interfere with. r A p&iend; of mihe visUipg at a lk>ardinghouse the other evening* one of the inmateB of winch was a-man w^ho had recently been ran over by a 'bus, and Had jnsftf been np^cedjl^in bed;«s <SQpttfortably as possible. The;Injured man eye&with; much attention another visitor^ who, dressed in lengthy black coat, and white choker, looked suspiciously like a Rev* Father, whose presence was suggestive of greater danger than had been communicated to the sufferer. Watching for a chance wheri the general conversation lulled, the crashed individual proceeded to ease his oppressed mind by asking, "Please, sir, are you a parson ? " He was intensely relieved when the answer came, " Oh! no, be the powers, I'm a dacint man." This being highly satisfactory, the bed-ridden turned over and went to sleep, prepared to wake on the morrow, and take lip the new lease of life which had been offered him. The seamen of the Burwah have refused to receive the money collected for them in recognition of their conduct in rescuing the " Cahora" passengers. They complain of the contrast between the public's treatment of them and of Captain South, who, they say, not only didn't risk his life, as they did, in the rescue, but " never even wet his feet." They have handed the money over to a seamen's charitable institution, and, while they wish no more to be collected on their behalf, they consider that they should have received a testi monial, and protest against "a foolish and unjust hero-worship." i At Palmerville, the other day, a Chinaman walked into a store and offered for sale a very handsome nugget, and, after the usual amount of haggling, parted with it for £12; " welly cheap," aa he averred. The storekeeper duly forwarded it to the Hodgkin Bon, where it excited the suspicion of the banker, who, nevertheless, sent it on to Brisbane, marked " £4i Is. per ounce," He felt, somewhat, confirmed in his suspicions when he shortly afterwards, received a telegram which said " Ironstone, well gilded." Chinkie hasn't dealt at that store since, but, although, the storekeeper should have had enough of yellow by this time,, he says he would like to see him. He wants to ask him his opinion on the possible breaking up of the drought, and have a chat with him about Separation (of his pigtail from his " goose* egg of a head/') A Teutonic resident of Charters Towers has donated £1000 to the fund for the erection of a German church at the Tower. The munificent donor is one of the lucky shareholders in the celebrated Day Dawn gold-mine. 