SPRP YG-HEELED JAGiCK. \---0--- 1 (From A4ll, Ve Year Pound.) It is now nearly half a century since the I inihahitants of London and its su;brbs were t keIt in a :,star-t state of ter:-or by a man, Io. u:,'.er various disguises, would suddenly. a.pperr !·,fore the unsuspentin- pedestrian, I and. aft,-r having nearly frightened the I . vl:.r cut of his or her semses,. would as suddenly disappear with terrible bounds, l.avin? ihe impression upon his affrighted c victim that his Satanie iMajesty had con-I ,;';cend:ed to pay him a visit in person. EvQtning was the time generally chosen by this ccrt-atric character for his exploits, and, dkuhtless, there are many living who can re- c c"1·,l:t t?,e ing of fear which shot through their h;i.arts when, leaping from some dark corner, of a doorway or over a. hedge, he stoo. ibefore you. 7Who this sing lar being was, or what was, 5 the true object of his escapades, can only be left to conjecture, as he was never captured ; certin it is, that robbery was n::ot the motive, for he was never known to take a: single coin from his victims, even when fright had ren dered thenm an easy prey, nor did he often practice any other degree of cruelty beyond scaring them, which, however, was quitesuai cieut, as in some instances the sufferers never thoroughly recovered the shock to' their nerves. The only surmise as to his fidelity that was ever haz.r,!:led, w.ts that ie was the iMar jquis of Waterford-then famous as a ring I 'rdler in all thrt savoured of fnn and frolic l,-:t not a shadow of lproof could ever be ad cd;ced in support of this theory. The more g::eral belief appears to have been that 1i wee e re several persons; conie:rned in the , : that theyv were members of high f oailies, ami that the e?use of their pranks was a het of three thousand pounds that they wo!d! p.-n-'ure the death of not. less that thirty hulman beings, apportioning them with nice discriminiatioui as folows :-Eight old bachelors, tezn old maids, and six lady's i;n.i:s, and as miany servant girls as they could, tristing that by depriving them of their reason they would accelerate their deiths. This is. of course, incredible, but the chief clerk of the Mansion IHouse police court, in a I 'ter to the newspapers, said it wa: so rep:rted to a committee that was funred by the. Lord _IMayor for the purpose of .::a:k'l1" and prosecuting the scoundrels. It is dii ics'It to assign the exact locality which gav,. {i,?h to this extraordinary freak, either side f rithe Thames claiming tlh dis tinction ; son:- averring th..c it was at Hanm inersmith, o.,erms again that it was Barnes. The most tru stworthy accounts give the palm to the latter villae. it was in the latter end of 1837, at Barnes, that the ghiost made its first appearance in I the shape of a large white hull, attaekingseve ral p'rsons, most particularly women, many ,f whom sutffo'? most severely from the fright. At East Sheen, in the form of a white bear, the alth ed spirit carried on similar ,aml.o's. His hl;o;tship) then e,:t,,d led his operations to t;ie town renowned for " maids of honor.' and in the course of a fe'. dlays all Pichmond was aj:st at the tales of women ' ing ifrig !ten!ed to death :!ia:l of children be ing t~,r? to pieces by him. The: s.arch after tlxn unear'tl!y visits?:t was here h?cniing too warm for him, and he s?hiftdxd the scene of his laLrs to Hawin, Kingston and Hampton, at which latterplace he was seen, cladl in armour ofi brcis, witdh spring shoes, and large claw like ,lovys, but being hotly pursued he scaled the ":waIs of Bushbv Park and vanished. Tedlington, Twickenham, and Hounslow, all hadl stori.s to tell of his appearance,, and in Son Park., the scat of the Duke of North iu?erl~and, many and fearful were he in Juries said to have seen inflicted by him. At IsInworth a. carpenter was seized at eleven o'clock at night, ali1 miostunne:rcifuiiy beaten by the ghust, who was actired iit polished ste.el m-our, with red shoes, etc. It must i)e not?.3 what an excceling- y varied ward rho thIs siirit nm.st have had, rendering it very diiiticult, one would think to move, with such extelsive properties, with alacrity from piace to place. Th.: nteigdoturhoodl of Uxbridcge was the next s"ne of hisr prnks, and he approachedi thi" metropolis throug.h Hanwell, Brentford, and Ealing, in which last place he was seen in steel nrmour, striking te ?,'r into the in nates of th, vnx-yus, schoDols located there, and frh';,thei. . tin blacksmith o" the, village sorn ompletely . to force hinr t, keer, his bed iu consnrrq.unce rtf tlhe slhock h, s.,stained. At iH:umnerrsmith hic found a dcieter:inrel op 1..)nlent in thi: sa5h 'e Of a hlindre,.s, to whom h"' apptred in the fore otf an imiense 1 shea, s o feet hiih, with en:rormnous eyes, n,-l .rrue otf anr ,:tensiv-e leng.~t ; and in strict krnpiug with his animal appmeaniuc. he gru,,ted like a lhyenia. This couragous coI,?ini, aLter ati i.·etrctual atte:npt to avoid 1,.ir macan '¢ v'i.t tr, ('termiied to give him .Ettl,. a:id flew at hirm with such fury that l,.'wts glad to .iv- up! tle c,)t,,st. Eveni thei royal precicts ft Kensington Pahi:e diu nit, .-t-,-4 fL,m hIis visits, . hildrn hay moonlight on the Palace Green, and ever and s inoni scaling the walls of the royal forcing- I houses. t In consequence of the panic attending a these exaggerated stories, the police had strict a orders to investigate their truth, but were un- i aMe in the majority of cases, to trace any s person who had really seen the apparition. s That there was mischief afoot, however, was t clearly shown by the applications at the Man- s sion rouse and other police courts for pro- s tection. f At Peckhlam he caused the greatest alarm a 'judging by a letter to the Lord Mayor, t from a: resident there), appearing in a new character, as a spectre, and scaring out of her se:nss;, amongst others, an unfortunate servant girl who opened a door to him ; and c the writer also said that seven ladies had been i rtrduced to the same unhappy state through t fright at the awful apparition. Letters poured into the Mansion House from all parts of London, showing how universal was the terror which had been inspired by this ' masquerading miscreant. Several persons, t most especially women, were injured bodily i in many instances by the claws with which c he appears to have armed his hands, and if one writer may be believed, several deaths on the south side of London had tbeen caused s by the shock his. appearance had given. A i letter from St: John's Wood stated that for I a whole fortnight that neighbourhood had t been favoured with Spring- heeled Jack's at- 1 tentions; he sometimes appearing as a bear and s3metimes clad in mlaiL. This correspon- 1 dent asserted that the bet, which was sup posed to be the cause of- these pranks, was 1 that the monster should kill six women in so:e given time. That his appearance was calculated to up set even the stoutest-hearted must be ad mitted, for the Lord Mayor himself, though 1 much inclined to be sceptical, acknowledged that ihe had been given to understand, on un doubted authority," that in the vicinity of I Forest Hill, where he resided, one of the female serv-ants of a gentleman who lived t near his house had been terrified into fits by i the sudden appearance of a figure clad in a bear's skin, which, upon being drawn aside, ex:hibited the human body, with long horns emblematical of Satan himself--clad in a suit of mail. The " ghost" did not disdain to avail him self of material means of conveyance occa sionally, as is shown by a letter to the Mlorn inq LrJerald, January 16th, 1838, from '"A IResidea:t on Paddington Green," who stated that he had seen, close to his house,, a figure clad in white, closely pursued by two men, and, after a smart chase, this matter-of-fact apparition jumped into a cabriolet, and was driven out of the reach of his would-be captors. A committee was formed at the Mansion House in January, 1838, for the purpose of receiving subscriptions, and to decide upon the best means of capturing this uneasy spirit and of visiting it with the punishment which it so richly deserved. In sending a donation of five pounds to the fund, a gentleman residing at Dulwich wrote that his daughter was lying in a very dan gerous state, having been nearly deprived of her senses by the sudden appearance of a figure envelopel in a white sheet and blue fire, which met her on her return home from a friend's house ; others equally testified to injuries received at the hands of the hob goblin. A reward of ten pounds was offered for the apprehension of the heartless scoun drel, but unhappily it completely failed in its object, and the perpetrator of this ghastly "joke" continued to be at large. Thinking, perhaps, that hlie had done as much harm as he desired in the other parts of London, for a whole month Spring-heeled Jack devoted himself to disturbing the peace of mind of the dwellers in the East End of the metropolis, the neighbourhood of Bow being particiularly pan'ronised by him. Oie gross outrage came before the police m:agistrate at Lambeth-street, and caused considerable attention. A young lady, named Alsop, living with her parents in the vicinity of Bow, stated tlat at about a quarter to nine o'clock on the evening of February 21, 1838, she heard a violent ringing at the front gate of the I house, and on going to the door to see what was the cause, she saw a man standing out side, of whom she inquired what was the matter The person instantly replied that he was a policeman, and said, "For God's sake bring mne a light, for we have caught Spring-he,:led Jack here in the lane," She re'turndt into the house and brought a candle and hanlded it to the man, who was enveloped in a largre cloak. The instant she had done so, however, he threw off his outer garment, andl applying the lighted candle to his breast presented a most hideous and frightful ap pearance, and vomited forth a quantity of blue anti white flame from his mouth, his eyes resembling red balls of fire. From the hasty glance which her fright enabled her to get at his person she observe:! thlrt he wore a large helmet, and his dress, which itppeared to fi~t him very tight, seemed to her to re semble white oilskin. Without uttering ~a sentence he darted at her, and catching her p rtly by her dress and the back part of her nedk, placed lher head under one of his arms and commenced tearing her clothes with his claws, which she was certain were made of some metallic substance. She screamed out Sas loud as she could for assistance, and by Sconsiderable exertion got away from him, and ran towards the house to get in. Her assail ant, however, followed, antd caught her on Sthe doorstep, where he again used consider alle violence, tore her neck and arms with his claws, as well as a qgantity of hair from her head : but she was abt Yength rescued from him by one of her sisters. Her story was fully corroborated by her parents and sisters, and her injuries, which were very consider Sable, bore unmistakeable testimony to the i truth of the assault. Subsequently in Bow Fair Fields Jack n:rrmowly escaped capture by some workmen, and it was only by his extrema agility, and intimate knowledge of the locality that he , got clear ol". Two men were arrested as being concerned in this affair--one a master I brilc-layer, and the other a carpenter; but s after a veryT long and searching investigation I at Lxmbeth-strcet police- court, they were dis , chaired, as they were not fully identifierl as t bcing the actual tperpetratonrs, though it was Icertain "ihey knew something more about the Smatter than they chose to acknowledge. Another samp!e of the ghost's playful way in ti.r: Fist i':i.. of London, wa-s sh,.w,. by a statement made before the nmg'strate at Lambeth-street police court, MaLrch 8, 1838, t by a Miss Scales, who deposed that as she o and her sister were walking in Limehouse c about half-past eight in the evening, on com- i ing to Green Dragon Alley they observed a some person standing in an angle in the pas- f sae. She was in advance of her sister at s the time, and just as she came up to the per son, who was enveloped in a large cloak, he v spirted a quantity of blue flame right in her I face, which deprived her of her sight, and so i alarmed her that she instantly dropped to the ground and was seized with violent fits, s which continued for several hours. This in- s dividual was described as tall, thin, and of gentlemanly appearance, and carried in front of him a small lamp, similar to those used c by the police; he did not utter a word, nor I did he attempt to lay hands on the young c woman, but walked away in an instant. Not confining himself to the crowded parts of the metropolis, he made the suburbs his hunting ground, and terrorised both sides of the Thames to such an extent that but few t females would venture out after dark with out sufficient escort. He visited Blackheath in a truly novel and marvellous manner. Three ladies were crossing the heath at about six o'clock, when they suddenly came upon a I monstrous figure before them, and as the t lamps had been lit some time, they had a E good view of it. The monster, they said, had a phosphoric lustre, showing tremendous long ears, horns and tail like those of a bul- f lock. One of the ladies fell down in a fit, c and the other two had resort to that patent weapon in the female armoury, a good scream, which promptly brought a policeman to their assistance, and on his bold advance the appa rition through itself over his head and dis appeared on the heath, during which gym nastic performance, it was said the hooks, or springs, on his heels were distinctly visible. In a pamphlet, published at the time, we have preserved to us a portrait of the "ghost," as he appeared in this instance, and the representation even, much less the reality, is quite enough to upset the nerves of any ordinary-minded person. He is depicted in all the orthodox details of a satanic outfit, horns, tail, etc., with fearful claws on both hands and feet, the latter additionally armed with large hooks attached to the heels, whilst his countenance puts any medieval concep tion of the Evil One quite to the blush. No wonder, then, the ladies are shown as suffer ing an extremity of terror, with their mouths extended to their utmost capacity, presum ably screaming. In another tract there is a similar portrait of this man fiend, its horrors being height ened by being highly coloured, and there he is represented as appearing in a churchyard to two women. In a third booklet he appears as in half armour, with helmet, etc., his nether limbs being Acad in a species of fox-hunting cos tume, a huge cloak adorning his back. Having alarmed the dwellers on the south side of the Thames, so as nearly to deprive them of their senses, he again crossed the water, and appeared to a party of people near Holloway in the guise of a bear. Here, how ever, he met with a reception he hardly con templated, for their being a brickfield handy the men of the party treated him to a shower of bricks, a mode of treatment which he by no means relished, and which induced him to beat a speedy retreat. One evening near Lord Holland's gate at Kensington, a gaunt figure accoutred like Don Quixote, and covered with spikes, was seen striding along the road, and after star ing in the f ces of some labouring men, dis appeared in an instant. These men, it is said, went into a beershop in the vicinity, and then relating what they had seen, they again went to the place where the figure had appeared, in expectation of its return. How- ! ever, they did not meet it, but they saw an uncouth monster, having the shape of an enormous baboon, playing its antics beneath some trees which overhung the road. As they approached the creature sprang up on branches and disappeared. Spring-heeled_ Jack, of course,, being credited with this mysterious occurrence. Hackney was favoured with an extraordi nary visionof this many- shaped intruder onthe public peace, for he appeared, so the story runs, in the shape of a lamp-lighter walking on his head and hands, and carrying his ladder between his feet, to which was sus pended a lantern of large dimensions, amply lighted. And this curious creature, on being approached, somersaulted so high that those who saw it were utterly astonished. But this surely, is rather more than even the most credulous ought to be expected to swallow, and the story must have been manu factured to feed the public taste for the marvellous. Another glimpse of him was had on the road to Woolwich, when a blue flame issued from his mouth, and a girl who witnessed it Sfell in fits. His dress on this occasioni is described as that of a gentleman, with the somewhat startling addition of a wide strip of scarlet down the back of his coat, Being pursued, he sprang over the fence as usual, and was out of sight in an instant. Still lingering in Kent, he was found the following night at Dartford, where he was clad in a bear-skin, and amused himself with the mis chievous trick of putting out the town gas and leaving the streets in darkness. The ubiquity of the fellow was something wonder I ful, an I tended, of course, very much to en \- hance his fame; no sooner was he heard of k in Kent, than he turned up at Hampstead \- Heath, springing over the furze-bushes and i somersaulting over the gravel pits. So numerous were the tales told of Spring Sheeled Jack that a good many must be sup ' posed to be true; whilst, on the other hand, great allowance must be made for credulity, some people not being content with the mar vellous as they find it, but being only too happy to add thereto. As a final specimen c of the nonsence circulated about his appear ance, perhaps the following is about the best: 1 A wpnderful sight, it is said, was witnessed 3 on Primrose Hill one evening. On the summit s appeared the huge figure of a man, in a flame \- of pale blue; it then assumed the bulk of a t massive elephant, then a windmill in full i operation, and lastly, in lessening its dimen sions, it became a large ball of snow, which s rolled down the hill, and escaped further s notice. What Spring-heeled Jack had to do \- with this dreadful appearance is not at all clear, but it was attributed to him, neverthe 7 less, such was the hold that he had obtained . over the public mind. Whether too much attention was beginning to be paid to him with a view to his capture, or whether his love of mischief had died out, cannot be told, but certain it was that noth ing was known publicly of this singular being after April, 1838, having kept London in a ferment of excitement and terror for about six months. . The foregoing are only a few of the stories, veracious or otherwise, that were related of him, space not permitting any more detailed accounts to be given. The notoriety this fellow had obtained seems to have had the effect of making many silly young men emulous to enact the ruffian in a small way, considering it the height of cleverness to frighten women and children out of their wits, under the belief that Spring heeled Jack was attacking them. Many cowardly assaults on women were reported in various parts of the metropolis, under the im pression, doubtless, that it was all a " lark ;" but it was a joke the victims hardly appre ciated, as should they scream out in their terror, their unmanly assailants do not hesi tate to strike them with their lists in the mouth, in order to silence them. One of these imitators of Jack, a young footman, who had kept the inhabitants of Kilburn in considerable alarm by sallying out upon them disguised as a ghost, in a white sheet and hideous mask, from which depended a long beard, was captured and fined £4, which seems hardly an adequate sentence for the offence, seeing how seldom these gentry gave justice a chance of punishing them. In a satirical paper, the " Age," of March 11, 1838, is found a recipe for the cure of " spring-heels" in "jacks." "Take of peas, pepper, salt and gun pow der an equal amount. Fiat mixture in blun deabusii without 'scruple.' Make applica tion in the region of the ' os cocygis,' and let fly. We are happy in having the best opinion that no person aficted with ' Spring-heeled Jackism,' can withstand the effects of this treatment of his nervous system." Undoubtedly, if this prescription had been followed extensively in its integrity by the in habitants of London, there would not have been much more heard. of the pranks of these cowardly fellows, whose only redeeming point was that they abstained from plundering these who had been weak enough to be frightened by their appearance. 