MISCELLANY OF NEWS. Tim campaign in Touquin cost the French 96.000,000 dollars. Fonn well equipped expeditions aro to leave Germany for the North I'ole. A sox of Charles Darwin is about to do scientific mon a great servico by publishing an account of tho great naturalist's methods of re search, iu tho. courso of a biography of his father now being prepared. Wu aro informed that the Queen of Baro- tonga, is at present paying a visit to Auckland of a political character, hut no particulars have transpired. At a recent Cabinet Council, the Queen's mission was considered by the Now Zealand Government, but uutil tlio Governor's return to Wellington nothing definite will he decided Our readers will be interested to know that The Ago lost weak was cularged by tlio ad dition of a column to each page. Saturday's issue comprised sixteen pages, coutaining 128 columns and 3198 advertisements, by- far tho largest number, wo believe, that lias over appeared in a singlo issue of any Victorian newspaper. A Serious riot occurred on tho 12th inst. among the navvies at Cooraubong, near New castle, New South Wales. Tho difurbaucc nroso in Coulter's Hotel whilo tlio polico were attempting to arrest ono of the men for drunken ness. His companions interfered, aud rescued the prisoner. The police were compelled to fire their revolvers in : self dofonco. Throe of the navvies were shot, ono being seriously wounded. Three prisoners were locked up, but tho ring leaders escaped into tho bush. The greatest alarm prevails in tho neighborhood.. It is to bo hoped that if cholera appears in England it will bo kopt at a distanco from the town of Swnnsca , Dr. Ballard, who has been inspecting tho sanitary condition ot tho sea ports on behalf of tho Local Government Board, informed tho corporation that some pnrts of Swansea were in a " horrid slate." Ho complained of tho nhscnco of drainago and of tho dirty condition of tho cottages, but more particularly of tho fact that tho watershed from which tha snpply of water for the town is drawn was polluted with the drainago of a num ber of farms aud cottages. It teems that a severe outbreak of fever has rcccolly occurred among those cottages, and that the town only escaped by something like a miracle. It was also stated that'a drainage scheme, commenced by tho corporation in 1854, had not boon com pleted yet. According to recent statistics, about 150,000 tossoIs aro engaged" in Europo aud North America iu fishing. Nearly 700,000 men aro engaged in this industry. A ton of fish is said to lie equal to twonty-eight shcop. The catch of fish in European countries, the United Slates and Canada, for a single yeiir, is equal fo 42,000,000 sheep. Little account is taken of tho harvest of tho sea. The fishing boats at Byemonth, England, rise about 47,000,0000 mussels, or 620 tons, annually, in tho haddock fisheries. The annual fish product of tho United States is estimated to ho eqaal to 5,000,000 sheep. Were it not for tho products of the sea, thoro would bo n famine every year in many lands. Food fishes, oysters and clains are decreased or increased according to the draft mado on theso supplies, or tho care or neglect touching the protection of thesd sources ef supply. Attempt to Shoot an Acntras. — Every ono in Paris . knows that tho author who writes under, tho pseudonym of Gyp is Madame de Martel. That lady recently published a book entitled The Druids, which has created consider able sensation on account of certain well known notabilities hoing clearly indicated in it. Some peoplo aro. inclined to connect this factwilh an attempt which has been made on the life of ibe authoress. About ono o'clock in the morn ing Madame do Martel was writing in a room on the ground floor of her hole!, situated in the Boulevard Bincan, whon the bell of tho garden gate was rung. As her hus band was absent, Madame de Martel thought it might he ho who had returned unexpectedly, but as the clog began harking furiously she opened the window to seo who it was, Sho bad no sooner dono so than a bullet struck the wall closo to her, where it remains cmbodded. A secoud shot was fired, but no traco of that bullet has been found. Tlio perpetrator of the deed escaped without being recognised. Messiis. Pondor and Co., of Sydney, are actively carrying on tho business of Fonder, 'Evans and Co., the latter gentleman having re tired. But Mr. Ponder, , the sonior. partner, still continues, senior of tlio- reconstructed firm. Mr. Bonder's professional skill as a practical tea taster and blender has been invaluable, and- tho firm's tea tostin" rooms have been tho rendezvous of buyers sinco they were opened. These, which' are situated at the firm's establishment, Pilt- strect, aro titled up in trao Oriental fashion, and liavo all the incidentals requisite for sys tematic and competent work. The depart ment for blending and packing occupies an ex tensive store at tho rear, and is tho most ex tensive of tlio kind iu Australia. The teas aro spread on a specially prepared floor, 30 feet square, and hero the blending is effectually done, tlio tea afterwards going into fonr large hoppers or bins, capablo of holding ono ton each, through which they pass by moans of shoots to tho packers below. Hero teas are packed in tins nntl packots for houses in all parts of tho colonics, any firm's uamo being specially provided ns ordered. According to tho Tall Mall Gazette, tho Government of Germany 1ms published, for tho information or whomsoever it may concern a catalogue of tlioso Pacific islands over which it has recently assumed a protectorate. Wo aro somewhat astonished to find out how much has been quietly snapped up during tho past year by tho youngest of tlio European colonising states Tho list includes the north-east portion of New Gninea, from Adoljili nuvou, in IIuou Bay, to Humboldt Bay ; the islands of Dnroar, Berlrand, Tiger, Guilbcrt, Matty, Durvillo, Gressiau, Sclioutou, Vulcan, Dampicr, lticli' Long and Book, which all lie near the Papuan Coast ; Comerson Islaud ; the Echiquier Archi- polago j tho Anachoreten groups ; Boudeuse Island ; the Hermit and Purily group ; Jesus- Maria, Three King and St. Andrew's Islands tho Portland group ; St. Mntliias and Stormy Islands, New Hanover ; IVishart, Gardner, San Francisco, Sun Josef, San Antonio, Gerrit- Dcnys, Sandwich and York Islands, Now Ireland and New Britain. To these may now, wo suppose, ho added tho Caroline Islands; Tho extent of tho protectorate exceeds that of Eug- land, and Scollaud, and the number of inhabi- tants is estimated nt less than half a million. The only centres of German trade in fho new annexations aro Miuko, Matnpi, in New Britaiu and Jaluit in the Carolines. Charles Henrt Botdkll, the man who was nrrestcd at Vienna for having written threaten ing letters to Mr. Gladstone, with the view of extorting money from him, has been sentenced to six months' hard labor. Esa land's pig iron production during tho past half yoar amounted to 3,807,095 tons, or 184,125 tons less than ill the samo period of 1834\. The total stocks hove increased from 243.386 to 1,663,729 tons. The Bkbelliox in Canada. — Of tlio 70 British adherents of Louis Biel who were com mitted for trial, 40 liavo pleaded guilty to treason-felonv, - which is puuisliablo with death ; 28 half-breeds liavo also been tried. Tiie Callcndcr Hydrophatic Establishment, which is one of tlio largest in Scotland, was recently offered for snlo in Glasgow at £16,000, including tlio furniture, but there was not a singla bid. Tlio liouso aud grounds (30 acres) cost £38,000 only a fow years ago, aud the furniture cost £7000. The Discovert of Gold in Silesia. — Con trary to tho opinions of Professor Makowsky, of Briinn, Herr Saltcry, who lias returned from California, lias reported favorahlo results of his test, assorting that tlio surface mine begun by him near Fricdwaldau surpass in productive ness many American mines now being worked. At Smaland, Sweden, a debtor, whose lia bilitics amounted to about £4000, gave up his estate for tho bouefit of his creditors. The as sets, when realised, were sufficient to pay 78 per cent., and tho cost of tho administration amounted to tho sum of lis. Will tho day ever dawn when sncli a happy stato of affairs will ho possible in the British possessions ? ' Dr." Kleider, of St. Petersburg, calculated that 4950 lb. of meteoric dust fall on the earth every hour, which amounts to ahovo 11,435 tons a year. This is equal to about two ounces to each sqnare rnilo of the earth's- surface Surely so largo a yearly increase to tho weight of tlio earth must, unless there is somj compen sating influence, produce some chango in onr orbit. American Live Lobsters for England. — The Liverpool Jottrnal of Commerce says : — At Chatham, Now Brunswick, tho experi ment is to lie tried of sending live lobsters to England. Tlio screw steamer Clifton, on her next trip, will tako a tank containing 500. Should the lobsters reach England alive a large business in this line .will in all nrobability bo tho result. The Detection op immoralitt. — Tho World says : — Much indignation has been aroused in political and social circles by the statement that one of the associations estab lished to promote private virtuo has organised a staff of detectives, and that for weeks past the private proceedings and movements of every member of tho Legislature liavo been closely watched. Fears have been entertained (bat the supply of gulta porcha will run short in a very few years on account of the wholesale destruction of tho trees from which it is procured. A substitute has, However, lately heou announced. This is tho sap or juice exuded from tlio ' karite," or " care," a Ceutral African tree, whose botani cal namo is Bassia Parkii. As the tree is re ported to grow in all tropical latitudes, it is probable that it might succeed in Hawaiian gulches — another industry of the future perhaps. . . The name of tho Catholic priest recently ar rested at Leghorn for enticing young girls to rnin b£ means of a pretended orphanego is Bruzza. Ho called his institution tho Asylum of Son Filippo do Fieri, and- apparently re pentant Mugdalens were enrolled as sisters in tho servico of the house. Wlion tho police en tered tlio placo by breaking in tho doors thoy found twonty little girls held in cap tivity. One of them was about to hecoino a mother. Tho hogiis Sisters of Charity secured clients and also made victims while goiug about the city soliciting alms. Tho chief patrons of tho place were rich Jews. Father Bruzza, who is now in a coll in tho municipal prison, vigorously donies the charge, but the ovideuco against him is overwhelming. Tho mother su perior of -the institution lled'trom tho city, hut was subsequently arrested, and many other ar- orsts are oxpcclcd. Monsigno'r Fisaui, Bishop of Leghorn, .was greatly affected, and burst into tears on hearing the charge and the proofs agaiost Father, Brazza. The total vuluo of general imports into New South Wales,. rid tho port of Moauin, for tho quarter ending 30th September, 1835, was £181,804. . Tlio duties collected at Moanra for the same period amounted to £5,998 8s. 8d. : Mr. W. Davidson, superintending engineer of. the Yan Yean Waterworks, has just returned from a visit to Sydney, where ho inspected a process of applying a coating of asphalt to tlio insiflo of wrought iron water , pipes. Hitherto cost iron pipes have been used in con nection with our water works, hut Mr. Deakin, during bis. visit to America, discovered that a largo saving might he effected by tisin" wrought iron pipes coaled with asphalt, to prevent rest. Tlio engineer iu charge of tho temporary waterworks now in conrso of construction at Sydney, is reported to havo largo American experience in tlio usoof wrought iron water pipes, and to havo discovered an im proved method of refining asphalt us a coating for pipes of tiiis kind. Mr. W. Davidson was so satisfied with his inspection that he will roccommcud tho use of wrought iron pipes in connection with the new works to be undertaken for supplementing tlio water supply of Melbourne from tho Watts Bivcr. It is estimated that a saving of about £80.000 will he effected on these works by tho uso of wrought iron pipes. Bailway Under Tins Mersey Finished. — As an engineering achievement, thogreat tun nel under tho Mersey is an accomplished fact. Tho last brick has been laid, and all risk is at na end. Such is tho certificate, so to speak, of Mr. Fox, the eminent engineer, whoso skill and constant care have triumphed over tlio inherent difficulties of the enterprise. It is noteworthy that, in pushing forward tho excavations, tho engineers found that under tlio bed of th'o river was tlio driest part of tlicir work, and that whilo preparing tho approaches on tlio Birkenhead sido thoy met with shifting snnds, which gavo them their chief trouble. Now thut it is only necessary to pat tho finishing strokes on this stupendous work, wo congratulate tlio eminent engineers on its successful accomplishment. It will reinaiu for many generations a testimony to tho ability and usefulness of thomsclves per sonally, and of their profession at largo. Eqaal commendations aud congratulations, aro duo to ablo distauco of the opening of this Z-nY1; sub-railway. b 3 Ulaguiliceut thai "KhZ you of his divorce, pronminced bv ?ud'n dated , and tho honor of informing »m6aJ his marriage with , which wmT/0".®1 brated in Paris ou prox." cell!' 'musical newspapers announce that a profound sensation has been caused in '.ft? social circles " of Ocalo, Flu . in of tho sudden maniago of n wealths widow who rccontly celebrated her eightieth 'birthdZ' In Vienna the London revelations o1 vice have been dramatised in a play of five eotc „„ riraf tif0" Elders. Is that fifty American managors, nftor rcadimr this announcemen t, cabled to Europo for cop ? of the manuscript. Tlio " elevating and ,mri fviug influence of the stage spuds' the efforts of tlio press. Tim local examination in connection with the Sydney University commenced on Tuos. day. There were scvou candidates for tlm somor examination, tliroo being girls .„a thirty-three for the junior examination, of whotnrevcntecn were girls. Examinations aro also being conducted at Ipswich, whoro there are three senior and eleven junior candidates, and at Toowooiuba, where there are two <cniors and four juniors, Mr. Chamberlain and Disestaijlishsiext Mr Chumbcrlniu, writing to tho Kilmarnock Liberal Association, says I rejoice to think that tlio time is not distant when the qne«tion of disestablishment both in Scotland and Eng land will occnpy a foremost place in the Liberal programme. I am conviuccd that the next general election will give a great impotuslo the movement, and will throw much li.-bt on the rruesfion iu agricultural districts." Tiie Fastest Atlantic Passage ox Kecord —'1 ho feat, which lias been expected for one or two months past, of heating record time in tho passage across the Atlniitic'lias jnst been accom plished by the Cunard steamer Etruria. Tho Etruria having tlio greatest stcamiug power of any steamer afloat, except, perhaps, her sister steamer tlio Umbrin, it was anticipated that she would inako tho Atlantic passage in quicker time than lias yet been done. Sho lins made several very rapid runs, but tlio ouo rccontly completed lost was tlio quickest, Slio left New York with nearly 500 passengers, the passago occupying six days nnd nine hours, or tho fastest over tnndo by nnv steamer. The Criminal Sale of Young Gills in Italy. — Tl.o Daily News publishes tho followiug, from Borne " A criminal as- sociation is said to have been discovered, which carries on operations in Borne, Naples, aud Spolcto. In a scarcli made iu the house of a former Government official, who is reported to be a member of this band, correspondence with somo Americans in New York ivas found, Italian girls who were bought by confederates at a cheap rate in the southern provinces of Italy, aro alleged to hare been sold to tlicso Americans for 1009 or 2000 francs each. Ten persons, said to he members of this band, bare been arrested in Bomo." . A New Bank Note. — The Bank of Scotland is preparing for speedy Issue an entirely new kiud of hank note. It is to be in colors in stead of the black and white of the Ban!: of Eugiaud notes. The promise to par in the body of tho note is surrounded on two sides by a broad ornamental band, and on the other two sides by a border, in which the value of tho note is printed an immense number of times. The novelty of tho noto is, oi course, in its colors, which will mako photographic reproductions impossible, and, it is believed, will prevent forgery of the notes. The paper ou which tho now note is printed is made hy tlioraakers of tho paper on which Bank ot Eng land notes are priuto 1. Mr. Spukgkon presents in the followiug terms a mournful account of iiis survey of the pulpit everywhere in England : — " I am uot so unjust ns to conceal my belief that I see in the Episcopal Church at this time less of uubeliet than among certain dissenters. In fact, Noa- comformity in certain quarters is cateu through and through with acovcrtUnitarianismlesstoler- nblc than Unitariauism itself. So frequently aro tho fundamental doctriuos of the Gospel as sailed that it becomes needful before you cross tho threshold, of many a ehapcl to ask the question, '! Shall I hear fho Gospel here to day, or shall I como out hardly knowing whetiier tlio Biblo is inspired or not ? Shall I not ho mode to doubt tho atonement, tho work of the Holy Ghost, the immortality of tlio soul, the punishment of tho wicked, or tho Deity of Christ?" Tho doath is announced hy cable of Cardinal M'Closkoy, at tlio ripe ago of 75. The de ceased, whoso ntuuo has. occupied a prominent position in contemporaneous history, was horn m Brooklyn on tho 20th March, 1810, and re- ccivod his enrly education in the city of New York. After passing through his theoh gical studies in the seminary attached to Mount St. Mary's College, Emmctsburg, Maryland, kc was ordained priest in St. Patrick's Cathedra), Now York, in 1834. Shortly afterwards ho visited Borne, where ho studied two years Uo then returned to Now York, and tilled the position of pastor of St. Joseph's Church tor six years. In 1844 he was appointed coadjutor ot tho Night Bev. John Hughes, D.D., then he becamo bishop nnd subsequently Archbishop ot New York. Tho year 1847 saw him created bishop of tho new dioccso of Albauy, which charge he hold fjfor sixteen years, during which timo 1)0 fulfilled his duties with signal ability, and displayed a pliilaathropic spirit, which resulted in tlio establishment ot several hospitals, asylnms and schools, y" tlio death of Archbishop Hughes, in 18o4> Bishop M'Closkoy was transferred to tho vacant seo. Ho wna raised to tho dignity of a cardinal priest by Fopo Pius IX in 1875, and create a cardinal threo years later by Pope lc XIII. . T A cadle special to tlio Sua from says " Tho latest scandal affects Lion School, tho highest institution of its hiu i which is situated just across the river from royal castle and park of Windsor. It has ascertained that for months past hordes _ ahaudoncd women from tlio surrounding to and Loudon had a rendezvous nt Windsor. . aro met nt night by school boys 16 or 17 y old and driven around tho district m cam g Tho oxamplo of tho big boys was speed ily tuted by tho younger lads. Lecomi'iK h() daring, they invaded Windsor Park , women. An exhaustive secret inquiry followed ... discovery of these facts, and the result was ' t nc.nrlv 300 boys made full confessions, and nil the guilty onos were forbidden to return the next term. 'Hie head master forbears expelling ?,,:m publicly to prevent scandal, aud, mare- p!c? liecauso boy expelled torn Eton are for ever' ineligible for nppoiutmont in tlio nrmy, !avv or church, and havo their prospects in Ufeir over blasted. Mauy of the boys are conncctod with the highest Lug ish families, and every one of them is supplied with nil amount of pocket-money equal to an ordinary man's entire incomo. The boys presented lavi'h tips to the park-keepers and police to purchase their silcnco, and siuco the investiga tion the masters have mndo strenuous efforts to fcecp the shameful story out of print. 