Droams of the Derby- —Anon. ? i It is a rcninrkablo rircninstanco that spina, portion always druutut) the wiunor of the Dorby, unci., an-ingenious writer has kept a careful uote of a'l the Derby ? dreams and ail omoiia that bayo in his tiino becomopublic property, ?s well my of n few' , which liayio never found J their, way into print. Tbo first anecdote, is given on tho authority of Fred Booth, a. well-known bootmaker, nt ? one time resident, in, Edinburgh. 'Yon enn, uiiiko n niiut oT money, :.<>ver-Spaniel if you like to try," wore tbo words heard by a Yorkshire conmiorcial. of sporting proclivities us ho nwoko early one morn ing in May, 1831, ?in ijlaek Bnll in Glasgow. %: Ho '; wna ucyor very -cortuin \vhotb<jiUiu- had"; -"overheard tbo * wwrdis ?hpoiten by Konio "one, or whothor they -.wore (i. kind of,:Bupernntural revelation 'nnd came fiom-hia ownjipn. ; Two days jnflerwarde bo wns'iii "tondoii, and bmt no tiiuo in ninkiug "inqniries about tbo ; borfiCK entered ? for' ibo Dcrliy, tlio butting, etc.;--In the ond ho find tho covirago to tict oil the .curious. J ovu lation which bail, boon luiido to him,, much ngniiiBt;the iitlvioo. of bin fnViid.s, . who assured him .that tlio horso biid nnt the ghost of n chanen of winning, Uβ obtniiicd a sjocnl price, 40 to 1, ?ml on ibe course ho was induced to make .??. few bets by hearing a little boyunying, as the horses appearod, " 'J'hat's it, pn ; ihnt'h tho oho i" lifcftiufd bad won," when Spaniel uppenrcd. , Having tuken 50 to'l'to £5, lie then ntood to wiu more than a cool thousand if Spariiol proved the victor. On turning to sets wbo Hie boy wan addioiSHing, -.the fair head di?n'ppearod in the throng. Bpaniul did win the ruco, and with tlio cnpiliil tlniH acquired tho Yorkshire bagimm was enabled to becomo n partner of the Yorksliiro bouso for wbkn biv travelled. Curiously', enough, ho norer in nil hia. lifomado anotherbet, 'though ho aunnally attended JJonca?tur. hv ijixtecn. 'yearn after Spaniel's Derby. Air..-James Merry's Uoiu-astur, who bad won the Derby of 1873, neenis .to bavo been tho liero of a grout lenny dreaui? and otnons. Severnl' of tlu-s-e occurred to people in humble .circnmeCnnccsi one of tlieui boing a ccstcrmou'gcr.'.e wify.... On/ihi , Sunday nioining previous to the Derby she sang in her sloop with great vigour, " Tho boy in yellow, wius the day!" The coster, when ho eaw'the cb'loura.-on the course, nt oni.'O lailted Merry's t-011, and won £48, witl\\. which bo set up n pony and c?rt, calling tlio pony " Yellow J3oy," in memory of the evcnl. Ouoof the dream stories rcli;te.s io ft forinnnte bit of ''John Freeuian, one of the stock company in tlio old ?? Tbeatro Koyal in Edinburgh, who i.nadn a largo huui out of Lord lit-linton's FlviiiL' Diitehman. 