A Christmas "Below" •OE THE MYSTERY. OF FLYING SQUIRREL BEEF.' : THE company had resolved itself into a committee of the whole to consider the situation. The facts to -fce dealt with were amide. There vera six men, twenty miles from the nearest house, with an excellent baggy Anil harness, and then were two splendid horses, one of them ^lead'-lame—so-lame-that it could • 'acarcely "walk, and waspositiyely uselesB for thfe purpose of assisting to take back the baggy and its occupants. Wand&la;—^Mr. Fairshough's home station^was twenty miles away, and the point of departure in the morning was ten miles further. There was also every appearance ofathunderetorm— one of those that often -; in -tiiat untxy come up suddenly; after a hot dose day such :'as ' that hadbeen and indeed still was. One more fact—it was <JhristmasEvie.^ ei;.. f.il'I -•:•>'. .... The committee of the -whole soon decided thatfate <or circumstances had settled onething for them/land that was that they must, camp out. This had no. great terror for most of fhenu - iTheywere old residents jm thfe district, which wait half minitig, 'half pastoraL and if not all practiced iraehmen kneW something ofroughhig'iti'.sbihathad it' mot' be^n for the probability •of a downponr they would i peth»p«7-have beat little dismay ed at having jt» pass "the night in IheFlyingSqnirreliEjingee. It will be generally,adrnifted by those who know,^at 'tamping out all night in Australia may 1 be "'awfnlly joDy/' After a good day's shoodng to roll up one's rug -'and n smoke • peacefully nnhl Bleep comes iB comfortabla,' iand, if the companybe sociable, taquietvarn or'two may be ^ {dBasurably apbn and listened to under ^chitiraniiHtahceS. It is also enjoyableto attimble on &e; camp fire of a Bplitters'-'party after you have spent the day looking' for stray horses, and to I find a hearty weloome an d a well . filled " tuckerbox": ,'> The'^a{hedng round the firewhich' is the ^joiot propBrly of half adozen waggonersis'nlBO occasionally pleasant enough, 'while nbtlttng on earth «an exceed 'tiiB jovial and genial hflerity of the litde cdetieB which form thebiBehNS at night • jtime round the roaring £reon a new rash—new enough to be wiHiout buildings save possibly the first few speculative shanties. Wehave tried themall and findihey leave pleasurable 'reminiscences. • * But we haT»alBO tried camping out on a rainy night—a night follo wing :snc day as that oia whidi our story opens— when the' deceitful morning has made heavy clothing -and wraps appear nn necesBary, and when tiie nighr s soakin£ downpour has made a£re next to impossible, and washed the good temper outthe most amiahlfl ofmen. " ' A sh«rt, darkr crup looking man seemed to take cliartte of affairs at once, I and moved, eeoonaed, and declared t g jied, as it were, in one speech, a resolutiou that provided a programme— " Boys we're in for a night ofit; that's cerjarn. We must ri^ a breakwind for tiielliatses and osnqp in the shaft boon ourselves, light a roaring fire and do the best we can. There's plenty of tucker left in one basket and we've hacdly touched the bottles in the other. First thing in the morning one of us can ride to Wandella, get one of Mr. Fairehough's horses and come for the rest of us. Many a man has camped out' under worse circumstances, that's certain. -Tack and I will see to die fire. Mr. Fairshough and Mr. Dell shall look after the horses, and Wenall and Macklin can go along the hill and'see if we can manage to have a look below during 1 the evening; we can do our prospecting as well at night as by day, and in the rain as well as in 'fine weathar. What do you say? Assent was signified in varying tones according the degree of depression of fpirits felt. What was ^more to the purpose, however, iach-eet about the tas^ assigned with a will. I^et us make the' acquaintance of the fialf dozen men wejhave incidentally referred to. Sinclair, the spokesman, need rot be de- scribed further than to say he was one of .those pushing, persuasive men who would place the " promoters' scrip" in a new mining venture, even with men at first prejudiced against the speculation, and could prepare Weekly reports for the papers which, while containing no untruths, raised hopes and beliefs ddomed in too many cases to . be unfulfilled, but which tuarvellbualy conduced "toward the payment of calls: For thirty or forty weeks, perhaps, there can be little or no chinge in the appearance of the " country " a prospecting- shaft -is going through, but Sinclair's reports were never the same. There was always some Variation, and some new cause for hope ti}4t the shaft was '"in dose proximity to reef." JackFoyster, his companion ip j the search for firing, was an easy going youngster, of some five and twjjnty years of age—big, black-bearded jmd burly—who was in himself the :'ffstafi" of the "Gladstone Record." Qnje of those men always tnown by t^eir christian names, and with talent that might have been of service to him jmore settled communities but with an Endurable liking for up-countiy life : a'nd freedom from restraint in writing a country paper affords. The two left to lpok after the horses were Frank jFair? Shpugh, a young man who owned Wandejla station smce his father's recent dekth—wealthy, .good looking, with long fair moustache &nd3jluegray; eyes, man not yet of middle age. And, lastly, the pair who strolled past the mullock heaps and along the side of the range .Were a jolly rubicund broker named Wi«nall and old Mr. Maqklin, a practical miner, who was know^i as one of the most successful and" skilful mine managers in the^ district. . And the observant and practical reader notes that with the exception of the squatter and the reporter all were connected with mining pursuits, and their presence on the Flying Squirrel Ranges near an abandoned mine seems to: have an object. We point to the 'guns and other sporting fixings in the Waggonette to indicate it was a Christmas shooting <paxty,. but the .ob&etvant; And practical reader aforesaid knows better, and we hasten to say he or she :is : right. Under the' 'semblance of a ishboting party the six left Gladstone in Mr:; Fairahough'e buggy ^hat. morping. to, without ' feiciting stisbicion; halve' a look at the old.abandqned and haunted Flying Sqmirel ;Beef—unworked 'for years—which once yielded richly. They »cpording to law a vast claim, for which they were .to' seek^to obtain, a lease, and which would before long be ^placed on die market and be Jdiscussed and find its level under the '! y^randah [' in}. Melbourne, on the Corner" at Ballarat, and wherever scripdealera HoVcongregate. /And ,^hen :< that was necessary had been .done, and S very :good lundheon made i6f the contents of a couple of baskets from nndet 'the bnggy sbats,'it became apparent, first, that the signs of a storm made an early- start desirable, and, second, that one of the horses 'in gTa&wg;^ rouhd had 'lamed itself iand. itljat no start at all was possible. And iti waS hbt far frotn eiunset; "and the tpoon which .had .been, relied .on for flight on the homeward journey-Was, as \rellasthesun, already, thickly, shrouded .dby & dense black m&s; olfclbuiti 1 .^ ' : 1 .:; The spot was a wild and dreary one. From a broad level tract of country, thickly ; covered with -stunted .gums and peppermints, rose the lull on jnjhich we found die -party—a long partly barren ridge timbered pretty closely with irtaibark ; and scrubby undergrowth—the surface of the soil crisp and' shingly with morsels of snow and with d^d ahd^klched ^ee'tranks lying in all directions—some charred and scarred by the last bush fire. On the western slope bf- the-lull, but near its crest, were heaps of bluish gray skty mullock, in one or two places, one being sumounted witKTa rough bark jhut, formerly'protecting the topman from the weather, above which again .fpu*;lotog".ii^ trunks Werereal'^di leaning toward one another, and Btayed here land there fUl Jhe ^ray <up tO the jdecayih^ remains of old poppet heads. A -mined forge, the remains of some huts ;dnce dwelling places, ;'a: gwte-grown whim-ring, and heaps oi rubbish of all kinds, showed the spot had once been a ; busy Onel Nrhil& ttie condition of everything, with the long grass and the sprontings from tree stumps, told that it was some time since this occurred, j A little further east than the line of mullock heaps, and so nearer the ridge, was a gash or opening in the earth, some six feet wide, running parallel to tiie crest of the hill and the line of heap» wider wbii h it must pass lo wer down, since it alanted in that direction in place of going directly downward. This was, perhapB, 'n hundred yards long, and. from the Butface downward it was crossed here and there by props of timber thick as a small tree trunk. Away down the chasm became gloomy and dark and the props , indistinct, but as for as the eye could see the slit in the earth's surface, with smooth ropty top and bottom, went on and the gigantic ladder or lattice work was perceptible.' The experienced men who were now be-' side this, needed no telling that these were the old Burface workings of the reef underlying to the westward, to cut which at a greater depth the shafts had been sunk. The broker and his Companion strolled along to the extreme end of the cutting, which, like the hQl, trended a little to the east of north and then took a view of the situation: Macklin took put his pocket compass and placed it beside the cutting. He then said, speaking slowly: "As near as I can recollect, when I left here the reef had been worked at the two hundred feet level about aB far as that curly tree and I did hear that they went no further. It was running poor then and very likely they jibbed on it. Now, it's my. belief they would have found better stone that way if they kept on, and juBt beyond the tree is where I should like to sink. The stone ran poor to the south as well soon after and then the prospectors Backed all hands and worked a month - or two alone—there were three of them— and after that the mystery came on.' One of the three disappeared, or, at all events, was not seen for a week, and then the two came info town and settled up and left the district. And now the third reappears at times. Many of the Gladstone people have seen, him knocking about the old mullock heaps here at night, especially lately, and every one believes he was got rid of and that hiB ghost walks here. I don't believe in ghosts, of course, but people have seen something round here and heard noises too. But"—starting up suddenly— " look at the bootmarks!" He sprang to his foet and pointed to a spot a few feet distant where a kind of pathway had been worn along the side of the cutting. . On this -were plainly visible imprints of heavily nailed boots of an almost gigantic size. A certain involuntary recluse, of whom eveiy boy has read is- said to have sustained a terrible scare at finding a footprint on the sands on the seashore, but,he could not have started more violently than did the geaeraUy quiet Mr. Macklin- ' Long Bill, the man as was missed had a thundering big foot," said he. "Queer ain't it ?'* A closer examination only proved the fact that the marks were of recent origin, and ^seemed to run along the path until that reached a spot covered with reeky fragments, and there they ceased to be traceable. Returning to the point: .of discovery Macklin missed his compass, and was annoyed to find„thatAin his alarm he had- knocked jit; over; the",edge of the, cutting. Peering over he could see it resting on the sloping' foot wall some half-a-dozen feet below.. Taking a long pole, of which a great number lay scattered around, he tried to' rake the compass gently within grasping reach. Twice this was almost done, but at the third trial it turned on its edge and bowled merrily down the steep declivity. I regret to have to say that Macklin swore and that -Wenall laughed. " You'll have to leave it till we go down in the morning. We dhall be able to find it easily then." " I'll he hanged if I do, Tm going now," and without another word Macklin was off towards the camp, returning soon after, with a coil. of rope and a candle. The former he made^fast to one of the props close to.' tjie su«fac6 M aad sliding toi the next below & 'took two orthreeturns roundthat,. He then lit his candle and said — Now I'm going down, Mr. Wenall, and I'd like you to wait if you don't mind till Ii»me np."- " Will the props atand finn?" "Oh, I think so. You see the weight's all on this lower one, and jf it gives, the other'll catch it. So long,'* and with this, ' grasping the rope., and setting his feet finnly Sjgainst the footirjdliM startecL- . '." Wenall, watched the candle until, |ts" light nras , bnly a tiny spark, and then till it :disappear6id. : Almost at the same inB&uat;,. the, rope ceased its jerking. mp^«m and. he faew Macklin must have reachedsomeledge, plaiform or piece of staging, fidd was prosecuting his fliaardi. ;,He sat down oh a large block of quartz and waited.—waited until impatient—.Waited . until 'impatience turned to ^alarm. He pulled gently at the rope, ;getting down ito the second prop to do so/ iThe rope jwas quite slack. ~ He cooeyed^down into the blackness and reused horrible echoes, but no other response came. He'tried to hope Qutt Macklin was prosecuting his search-7^iit at;times coiild not help fancpng himlyingcrushed away belew there. - At last it,was"getting too horrible to bear. ^.'turned to chmb hai^c and to.run to the camp. for assistance when something obscured a little oi the light above him and. loo]king up he saw— Macklin'sfacelPeoring overtiie l^lge with a look <tf,atuciety i;Vhich at once turned to merrimuit wheoi he aaw the tdaim^brqkOr. V ; ^ , . - ; • "dome up and m tell you something qoser?', t ' •• jAnd.so he did. And this is the sabstance. of. the xoiner'a: account of faisi adventure. • '>..., On reaching a depth of about a couple of hundred feet he had found a ledge im which hie paused to rest a moment. The compass wasnot tiiere, bnd he coiddsee cleariy that in bounding upon the ledge that errant artide mnst have acquired new impetus and be furtherdown than he thought' The ledge " dij^bd ? a-gpod deal to the strath and it was easier ^ following this than lowering from prop, to prop.^ Still:^aBping tope ne went down it unf * . .. a stage roughly constructed of saplings and half closing the cutting. He calculated that he must now be from a hundred to a hundred and fifty feet south of the spot •where he bad entered the chasm, and that consequently his troublesome compass was in all probability lying on the same stage some hundred and fiftyfeet tothe north of him. He was turning in that direction when something stopped him. That something was a race I Macklin was no coward, but any man in a deserted mine, three or four hundred feet from daylight, and with the darkest of darkness everywhere beyond the small circular cavern of light pressed outward by the candle's a mine moreover all the country si for flamelet—in haunted by be excused and erasping his manrope^' pretty tightly. Only for a moment! He lay against the inclined rock face, down which he had descended, and listened. A human voice most nnmietakeably; singing some uncanny sort of song! Cautiously creeping southward along the staging for a short distance he listened again. No difference; still the same sounds. Another creep and .on the footwall to his left, not far ahead, was the ruddy flickering reflection of a fire I Afire of scone proportions, somewhere in towards the righ was casting its reflection there! Macklin almost held his breath as he crept towards this. Before he reached it he could tell by its shape that it came from a drive to the right or westward. Still creeping cautiously he at last arrived e.t the bright patch of light, and opposite the drive. He looked along the latter and saw that not fifty feet away it opened into a kind of " chamber," as the miners call it—large enough to accommodate half a score of people. Almost directly opposite the drive was an immense wood fire, roaring and crackling up die wall and findingsome kind of flue above. Moving about in front of it, apparently engaged in cooking, was a creature, weirdenough to be taken for a gnome at once. He wore moleskin trousers, a monkey jacket, and a "Derwenter" sort of hat Nothing out of the way in this, once nineteen out of every twenty bushmen did the same in those days. But the way the coat and trousers were patched was something to Bee, and the way the hair stood erect out of boles in the felt hat was something more. The patches were of varying materials, from blue blanket to chamois leather, and altogether the costume was outre enough for an Italian bandit, or any one else combining the villainous with the picturesque. "Halloa." There is not much in the word, as a role, but to have it shouted within fifty feet of your kitchen on Christmas Eve, if your kitchen is a lew hundred feet below ground and some score of miles from the nearest house, is disconcerting. So.it seemed to the gnome, who at once upset his pan of half-cooked chops into the fire,and then commenced swearing Bolvoctferonafo that MiwHin used afterwards to declare the firelightperceptibly altered in colour. ' "By Jove! Ifs Mr.Mscklin," said the voice which had been singing, and which was the gnome's property. " Ifs all right,sir; hold on till I pots the bridge across—my drorebridge. That's it, now you're right; come up to the fire; and how in the name of blazes did yer git here?" Thus adjured Mr. Macklin crossed the "drorebridge" toward the man whom he recognised as "Wallaby Joe," a skin hunter and station hand well known in the district, who was generally thought a ** shingle short," and who could never begot to node for any length of timewith other people, As 'soon' as Macklin had axpbdned matters, Joe grunted and said to. the fire-H>ta& events he looked'at ^ that "Ye'd all be a good deal better off down here to-night; there's heaps room and a good .few skins to he on. There ain'tno chops—cos why ? they're all burnt; but there's plenty of damper and sugar and some cold meat, and some " Wnplfljw hastily assured, him that the state of the larder did sot matter a rush, d for that there was plenty of all sorts of solids and a few liquids at the camp. ''Hot how the devfl.they're 6o get down I don't know," said he, "they can't climb down a rope the way I came." "Bless yer 'art," broke in the would be host,."they can be lowered down and yer mates can come down stairs. Fll show yer the way." Following with some little curiosity, Macklin was led across the drawbridge again and alone the staging some little distance farthersouthward. Then across another plank: and into another drive, which ran in towards die west, and along it till they saw the bottom of ladder and found themselves in i shaft. 'A ladder shaft, eh? Thafs grand. ' Leads through the upper level and is right io grass. Ifs safe enough, I came do wn it this mornia.' Pre been dmnun* down here all day; that's how I didn't know yonwas about. Ifs safe as houses. Tongo np and bring downyour mates and their traps. ceremony Macklins&arted;/and atxnm r " the dimbingpf the three "and odd feet of perfectly upright ladders in atime that, to anyone but a miner would appear incredible. and he hetecd acooey below and leant down to look over the edge of thscotting, startling the little broker so much that henearly made the descent frtm*^ aneoeedad , the horses. Msrlrfm's incredible tele staggered them, but the itiintm's aolemn awnnww thaiit was trueoould not'be gainsaid, and lUnluiagfa And JaA Tsiily fJissrcd' at the news of the ~ hit'ItIitti The provisions^ rngs, and ofiiffl impedimenta were divided into portable parcels; the waggonette was placed in as sheltered a position as possible; tiiehorses were securely tied provided with a liberal allowance of ender, and made as snug as could Then a start was -made Joe the dam, and in a short time they all found themselves at the ladder shaft. Wallaby Joe was awaiting them. It struck me yer wouldn't be able to get the tilings down if someone didn't show you, Mr. Macklin, so I come up. Come over to the wim shaft. Have you got a good rope? Because mine w ouldn't bear the weight of that there basket, nor the case neither." It took Mnrklin a very little while to produce the rope he had tied to the props in the cutting, and then the work of lowering the baskets, cases, etc., down the whim shaft proceeded. Joe had a round piece of timber laid across the shafts fittingin between rowlocks— if we may so term them—at each end. Taking a couple of turns round, this with the rape it acted as a kind of break or pulley, so that one man could lower very heavy weights. Joe went down the ladder shaft again to be ready to "land" each consignment at the bottom, and sure enough soon after the strain was off, and they knew the bottom was reached, a shaking of the rope, told them to haul up again and it came up clear. It took a good many loweringa before everything waa sent down, and by this time the wind was blowing in fitfulgusts; clouds of the blackest rested on the Cheviots, and big heavy drops fell noisily now and then. Making fort the rope, they ell turned to the ladder shaft. " Now, then," said Macklin, " who's the worst hand at this work? " Several modestly preferred their claims to be considered, the first to speak being the broker. " Tory well, Mr. Wenall, off you go first" "What!" exclaimed that jolly personage, " because I know least about the tillingaltogether?" "Certainly; going first a dip will only injure yourself; if yon were higher up you would sweep down all below yon as you felL" And the old miner laughed grimly at bis own joke. " Gould we not wait until each had reached the bottom before the next started?" said (he broker. "That would be the safer plan." "We should average about five minutes each doing the trip, and as you're good at figures, Mr. Wenall, jouH see that the last two or three would stand a chance of getting wet through. No, no. I was only joking jnst now. I'll go firstand you come next, so that I can let yoa know when the ladders change. There's no danger if you recollect one or two tilings. Don't look either np or down. If you look np you'll get your eyes full of mullock from the others feet, and if you look •down you may get giddy. Kmp your body close to the ladder, plantyour feet firmly, and take a fast grip each s b d time with, your hands; reoollect ifs them you have totrust to. Your feet would be no use if they slipped." And now — the raindrops coming thicker and foster—thewhole party disappeared down the shaft one by one. Funk Fairshough followed Wenall. He had never done any travelling of the kind before, but he was young and had the courage bora of a youth spent in the Mallee and the dangerous excitements of station life. Behind him came Jade, to whom the experience was anything but noveL He trammed " Sich a gittin' np stairs," and no supplied what he called an appropriate march. "Wouldn't 'Down among the dead men* fit better ?" said Fairshough. " Not at all, because in the firstplace we are already .below the depth at which such individuals repose, aid in the second we are not yet down.' 1 Joe was waiting for them and led the way. The staging was safely readied, and the whole party passed as gaily •long it as if a few saplings roughly laid in position were amply snfficient to have between them and eternity. They soon reached the drawbridge opposite the entrance to Wallaby Joe's qn&rters; and saw tiiewarm nook that was ready for them. " How the mischief does the firedraw so well, Jack?" said Frank, "and where does the smoke go to?" "Yoa see ifs just under a blind shaft and the smoke rashes up this until it reaches the upper level, and so loses itself in the old workings." " Yery deer. M get you totranslate it into English some day." All the articles they had lowered down were in the chamber, and over the fire hong a large iron bucket at water already almost boiling, while bundles of kangaroo, wallaby, and opossum skins were placed all round to serve as seats. Frank was-punied to know how all die baskets and boxes had beat brought there and said so. Joe grinned, and lifting a curtain of floursacks which hnng to the right of the entrance, showed them a large drive. "The wim dmlro not far In there." 1 "I thought it mast be somewhere in to the north," said Macldin, " but it wasn't down this dentil when I knew it" ; "How on earth can'ybu tell the of ^otmtMss down here, esshtce you lost your own." • y, you see, Mr. Fairshough, the reef runs pretty nigh north and south, and <1 camas we came east from the ladders tothe staging, north along that and esssto get here. But I must get my romp*** in the morning for all that." He and no more, for a glass was held before him by Stndair. The catering for the company had been left in the hand* of and WenaO, had •Git while jfiacUir snangedjfor4he liquids. He now saved a nip around, beginning with Joe, who needed no Active preparations for supper were on commenced. On the surface the am was just about setting, but tims does not count by risingand setting of son " below," and the party commenced to make a night of it in the afternoon, ,' Fiat some kangaroo skins were obtained from Joe and Spread in the middle of the floor. Some sacks on this and a broad while doth over all made an excellent table, and the elements of a genuine Christmas feast appeared one by one upon it. It was astonishing what those boxes and baskets had been made to contain. All hands were soon busy. Not one of them bad ever " assisted " at such a gathering before, but to none was it a rreater novelty—despite the fact that le was at home—than to old Joe, who certainty seemed to enjoy himself and thawed'out immensely. Having beat pressed'once or twice by Sinclair to "join h^n" he had done so,and was in so ddighted a condition that the perspiraqon literally soaked the tattered old red cotton handkerchief with whjch he kept polishing his wrinkled'old faee. It is not worth while attempting to report the conversation. Such fragmentary observations as "Take some mors beef?" "Pass another bottle of ale along here"; "Bettertry the ham"; "Where the mischiefs the mustard?" and so on, though fraught with importance at the time, are barely worth recording at length. That sort of thing could not last for ever, of course, and in due time Wenall and a volunteer er two had the greater portion of the solids cleared away, and the table made more thorly available for the ministrations of his colleague. Telling all to make the best of the wine titt he got (hem omething better, that worthy chief utler cleared out and washed a laige ish which had just contained a pie and began calmly to prepare the component parts of that liquor upon which the language bestows the name of its greatest satirist After a stiff glass of punch, the fun began to be livelier, and some toasting went on with mock solemnity and in one way and another each began to be on good , trams with the whole world and mar4 particularly with himself and companions. Wenall had got up and was commencing a speech when he was interrupted in a way that was in the highest degree disconcerting. A load: rolling booming sound that seemed to fillthe excavation and which they almost felt by the vibration of the air! A deep resonantgroaning sort of thunder, shaking the earth and leaving a tremulous sensation! An uncanny sound deep down in the bowels of the earth ana amid the thick darkness. Half the party sprang to their feet " Only afiake of mullock falling somewhere," said Macklin coolly. " Not near us, that's one comfort I hope it didn't toueh.the staging." "I thought it was the ghost of the mine at work/' said Wenall, laughing. " By the way, £ wast to hear more of that ghost yarn yet" .''The ghost yam by all means," said Jack. " Fve heard something of it before, bat never knew the rightsof the story." "Gentlemen,*' brokein"Sinclair, "let me call your attention tothe punchbowl and suggest that you. test its contents before the story is commenced." Solemnly was the punch tasted solemnly pronounced incomparable, solemnly every one resumedhis seat, or rather lounge, and his pipe, and quite as solemnly Mr. Macklin commenced totell about TUB GHOST OF FLYISO SQDIBBXL EEKF. " Ifs about fourteen years ago as nigh as I can recollect once die Hying Squirrel was firstopened, and toe way it came about at the firstwas rather gueer. The alluvial round here was just about done and no new was opening anywhere. Now down at Frenchman's Flat at that time was a store kept bi old man named FarrdL He had I married but his wife was dead and his son, a chap about nineteen or twenty, used tohelp him in the store. He had a daughter too—Minniethey called her —about, the prettiest girl round there. Minnie had heaps of sweethearts ; some of them just on for a lark like, and some in real sober earnest about k—dead struck on her. The one that seemed the spoonieat was flash Ned—Edward Trevor,he used to call himself, but J never believed that was his »«m» Jones or Snooks more likely. I don't believe he cared for tin girl a -bit neither, but wanted to get hold of her for a scheme he had. Hie was a knowledgeable chap, yoa must know, and had read a good deal—used to talk about mesmerism and biology and such like. Minnie oooldn't bear him, and when he came to the point and wanted her to splice, and her brother as Fve heard backed him up, she said she was a good deal too young to marry and kept putting him off, and her lather who loved her as much as he did aayth P N except brandy backed itr Qp,aad Hi Ned didn't get her. Soon after however die and her brother and Ned nssd tobe for ever driving out into the bosh in the spring cart and stopping all day. By and by it leaked out that Ned used to mamerise her in titsbush and set her taking for reefs and bads. They didn't seem to do much good at it^ and after a time Minnie got HI and the old manpnta stop to the bush work. inrss^gi kMsafitr ins fitrf D.TL, and the Melbourne came in on the stock and so en, and there was nothing left tor the youngetera. Before the {dace was sold and they had to leave, one of Minnie's other sweethearts, one who always seemed to be the f&vonrite;—«. chap they called T Bill—dropped on a patch over at /weight Flat and came sticking nptothe girl again. Yonng FamS was awfully wild about it and used to treat the poor giri shamefully, tillone day she was missing, and it out die had gone and got married to BilL And then SkrxeD seemed tocome round all at once, for he made a wonderful deal of her and used almost alwayB to be at Bill's place. At last he, and Ned, and Bill went mates and came oat to these ranges prospecting for xee&l; Soon after they struck this identioal Flying Squirrel fieof, and before long they bad a good many men at work. Claims were of course taken tip, both north and south—you'll find aline of shafts running about a mile each way— but none atruckit except the prospec tors. Our party sunk one shaft away to the north but, lord! 'we should hare had to sink a couple of thousand feet to re&ph; the underlay where we were, We didn't know much about reefing in those days, and made awful asses of ourselves. Well, our shaft being sickener I got pretty hard up, and took a job on wages with the prospectors. We got out a lot of rich stone and for a time the yields were pretty heavy. They needed to be, those times, considering the cost of carting and crashing, ana wages at three ten a week. At last the stone began to run poor both ends. The north went first. The Teef nipped out till it was barely a couple of feet thick, and the stone got poorer and poorer. Then they shortened hands and I was one to go. Then they sunk the whim-shaft deeper, and worked a lower level, and we heard things were looking up. They got out a monster crushinganditdidn'tpay expenses. Still they'd made BO much out of the claim they didn't like to give it up, I suppose, so they sacked all hands and started driving south, along the course of' the reef at the four hundred feet level. According to the yarn, the three were always quarrelling. Jim McNab, who stopped till the last lot was sacked, said the chief row was about Bill not letting his missis be mesmerised to look for golden stone. However, one day young Farrell and Flash Ned comes over to Frenchman's with Minnie but no Bill, They said Bill had cleared out, taking every shilling he was worth with him, and they'd made up their minds to let the claim rip for a bit. Things began to look ugly soon after, though, and it leaked out that poor little Minnie was as mad as a hatter, and at last she was sent to Yarra Bend and died there. As far as I can make out she never spoke one word after eihe came back to Frenchman's. After a bit Flash Ned was missing, and Farrell broke out drinking. There was plenty of talk, of course, but it was nobody's business. At last Farrell let out something about being able to hang Flash Ned, and they arrested him, but he died in the honors that very night. Tbe police came over here and searched the mine. A prel search! I'd like to have seen it! Wt they found nothing, of course, and after a bit the matter died out. I kept pretty busy at the reefs over our way, and of course began to know more about reefing. So from what I recollected of the Flying Squirrel I felt pretty certain that there's rich stone here yet. Fve been coming to have a tiy at it this last five years or more, but I could never see my way dear. At last Mr. Wenall asked me -one day did I know anything of the Flying Squirrel Beef. You might suppose I-was a-little nettled to find some one else thinking about ipy fancy spot, but I fold him' Iiiid, andthebhe said he and a few others were coming out to have a. look at it' and wanted me, as a man of practical experience, to come out too and let them know what I thought. He 'told me who were the promoters, and I said I'd join." "But the ghost; what about the ghost?" said Jack. "You haven't told us about him." *Fd like to yeer about this 'ere neighbour o* mine," said Joe with a grin, "I never seed nothin' of him and I've lived. here goin* on a couple o' years." "Well," said Macklinslowly," I rather think, mind you, Joe is the ghost. It's only this last year or so -Fve heard of hiB being seen so much, though there was a talk of him before. Some boys looking for hones saw him sink into the hill and disappear one afternoon. Though ghosts don't' turn but! aa a general thing at that time, they swore it wasn't a living man. Host of the Gladstone people bdieve that Long Bill's ghoBt Knocks about here as firmly as they believe—well anything." " What is your private opinion about the disappearance of the man," said Frank. , V My private opinion is that be was murdered and. that Flash Ned done it Young Farrell must have known all about it, but perhaps not till after it was done. Anyway if her husband's bolting drove "Minnie mad it needn't have made her brother drink himself to death. Hash Ned wanted Bill's mom and he wanted the girl, and I don't think he was one to etand at a trifle." " What sort of a man was this Trevor; in appearance, I mean?" Baid Frank, after a Bhort pause during which pipes were .puffed quietly. " Well, he was rather lah-de-dahish to look et; fair hair and long moustache ; had a lazy, lounging sort of way as if he had never done a day's work in his life, though he could work like a nigger when he liked. He was about five feet ten, I suppose, and seemed from thirty to thirty-five." Which apparently contradictory assertion conld only be understood by supplying the missing parts of a racy, elliptical sentence. T And now Mr. Fairshough and Jack climbed up the ladder shaft to see to the horses, and came, back to report. heavy rain without any indication of cessation. Then stories were told; pongs were Bung; more punch was brewed and disposed of until at last . one; after - 'another became Bo eleepy that turning in was absolutely necessary. Soon after midnight, and the arrival of the day of peace to all men, tbe peace of sound clumber Tested on each member of the watches were unanimous as to its being half-past six when Macklin, roused by the crackling of burning wood, found Joewas making up (he fire, and in turn roused the others. A hearty breakfast was disposed of, and then idl handfl dimbed to the surface. The nun had. ceased and ihe eun ahone brightly. The air was full of the song and chatter of birds, and the . day as merry and siinny asGbristmas ought .to be. Wallaby Joe volunteered to ride to Wandella for a pair of fresh horses, and as soon as he had started Macklin suggested a further exploration of the old workings to pass the time till Ms return. All agreed to this and .went below once more. At the bottom of the ladder shaft Macklin turned to the south and led the way along a drive. " I noticed this as we lauded," he'said, "and I think it will take us to the easiest way of reaching the bottom level." After about fifty feet the drive reached another at right angles to it which ran to the left, or back toward the reef workings. "It's pretty plain to me," said Macklin, " that this main drive runs all along the claim, and that they drove into the reef from it at pretty regular distances. What we want, however, is to reach the bottom level, and as there seems to be no ladder shaft to it we must go to the face aod see if we can pet down there." They then turned into the cross-cut and followed it until it opened into the same slanting, yawn- \-- - chasm as before. There was this erence, however. The fissure was narrower—not more than a couple of feet across. ; "Ah, here we are," said the guide, you see the reef has narrowed here and there are steps cut in the foot-wall,. By steadying yourselves against the hangingwall you canget down here right enough; only be careful, a slip would be no joke, I can tell you." And following Macklin's they, one after another, accom- E lished (he descent. On reaching the ottom the party found themselves on solid rock, with the gash where the reef had been stretching away above till the immense props, with their cap and foot pieces, became undiBtingushable in the gloom which the light of the candles could not penetrate. Along the level path at the bottom ran a tramway, and turning southward they followed it for some distance. All at once an immense heap of broken rock—quartz and schist -it all —.j ei j—barred their progress. They had reached the southern" extremity of the workings. Macklin seemed startled—surprised. He held his candle aloft and scanned Boys, I can't make this out," he said atlaBt. "The mineiB carefully timbered, and even if it wasn't the walls would stand here. They are solid rock. This mullock must have been shot down, and its just where I expected to find the mouth of the last drive' that was put in. They must have shot this down to hide it. Wait a bit till I have a look." And he scrambled up to the top of the huge pile of rooky fragments, loose pieces rattling down with every move. The others watched him as he perched himself on the top of the heap and noticed that he almost immediately seemed terribly excited. First he would hold the candle to one side of the cavern, and then to the other. Then he would take up a piece of stone and spit uponit and then look closely at it, moving the candle too and fro before it. At last he came hurriedly down. They must have put a couple of shots or more in the hanging wall and thrown out all thiB mullock to hide the drive. But while they were hiding they were finding without knowing it. The shots threw out so much that they have opened up a flat reef the -old prospectors never dreamt of. Here's a bit of the quartz thick with gold; gold in the .veins and in the solid; tea ounce stone at the least How thick the reef is no one can tell till it is opened up, but there it is. And now I'm going to have a look in the drive by hook or by crook, so lend me a hand to move some of this mullock." Willing hands were soon at work nying and rolling away the pieces of rock, and despite cut fingers and bruised feet they persisted until the corner was so far clear that they could see the open mouth of the drive. UfanMin entered it candle in hand; the others followed. All at once he etartBback, drops his candle, and clutches Wenall by the arm. "Look!" All do look, and by the flickering light see the end of the drive ; see propped in the corner a ghastly thing, with a death's head whose empty eyesockets seem to glare upon them. Only for a moment do they pause. The next sees them crowd forward; sees them staring with out-stretched candles and pale faces at a skeleton form, even now in the recumbent attitude of one working in a drive. Macklin quietly lifted the skull, and placing his finger near a small circular hole, said— Shot through the head I Poor Long BiU, no doubt! Well, we've done something this Christinas anyhow. We've made our piles, I feel pretty certain, and we've solved the Flying Squirrel mystsry at last." W. 