The Church 'Army.' NEW MISSION HALL. LAYING THE MEMORIAL STONES. Ou Saturday afternoon a large crowd of people gathered in Harris-street, Ultimo, to witness the laying of the three memorial stones of the St. Bar tholomew's Church of England Mission Hall. Among hose on the platform were Bishop Barry, Rev. George Middletou (incumbent of the parish), Kevs. J. D. Langley, T. B. Tress, F. B. Boyce, J. Penman, Paine, theBev. ' Captain ' Briggs (of the Church 'Army'), and Messrs. J, Struth, W. Crane, D. Sims, and N. Melville, besides a number of ladies and children, especially children. The Church 'Army ' baud, containing some sixteen performers, began the proceeding's by playing a hymn. The Church ' Army ' band must not be confounded with the Salvation 'Army' band. The former is deci dedly a superior organisation, and plays from notes, while the latter performsa sort of instrumental ' go as-you-please,' each player endeavoring to keep as near to the tune as he conveniently can without straining himself or his instrument. The first verse of a hymn, beginning ' These stones to Thee in faith we lay,' having been eone through, the band panged for the- next verse to be given out ; but were ordered to 'ran it on,' and thenceforth the hymns were played and sung in a very creditable manner right ;hrough' without a break. The Church 'Army' band is an. acquisition to the musical strength of the community, and this is more than can be said of its rival, in connection with the Salvation 'Army.' The first of the three stones was laid by the Bishop ' in the name of the father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' The trowel, a handsome silver one, was handed to him by Mr. Middleton. The second stone was laid by Mr. W. Crane, J.P., who said the attack would be short, sharp, and decisive, as each speaker would confine himself to a few facts. The clergy were unable to go into the lanes and alleys, and, therefore, special agencies were necessary to grapple with the crime which was rampant in. every city. An organisation had been formed in England for this purpose, and they were nndeavoring to establish a similar one in Sydney. Afterfsome more singing Mr. J. Struth laid the thud stone, and hoped the youngsters would feel as much pleasure in attending the hall as he did in being there that day. : ' Captain ' Briggs then exhorted those present to end money to the Lord. He had worked among them for years, and had never appealed to them in vain for a good purpose. The hall would cost about .£1000, and toward this he had received about J8200, in cludiner a cheque from Mr. Struth for .£100. Several ladies then went round with, the plates, and the rattle of coins mingled with the dulcet tones of the voice of Mr. IT. Melville, who addressed the assem blage in aid of the cause. He said : — ' The orginis ation in connecshin with the Church of Ingland' was intended to help those who could notlielp them selves, and he hoped they would dive deeper than three-pennies, and fetch- up shillings and halfcTowns. ~ The speaker was interrupted oc casionally by ' Captain' Brigggs, who announced the receipt of another JS100 from Mr. Struth, and then '30s from a local policeman,' and again 'another 3d from one of the Lord's lambs.' Each of these announcements was -hailed with loud ap plause. The Bishop then said that he wished to add the name of old Mr. Harris to the list of donors, as he had 'given the ground at a merely nominal ground Tent.-' The mission was a lay one, and he wished to leave it as much as possible to the lay members of the church. There were three kinds of life to lead,, One was of open Bin, when the liver was a drunkard, a fornicator, or a thief, a life not worth living. . The second was that of a good honest man -who tided, to do bis duty in this world. The third and true life was that in' whioh there was a knowledge of God, and he hoped they would live as if they knew they were in thepowerandhandofGod. He asked themto reject the ?Christianity of those who only tried to save their jbwn. souls. They «31 hod friends, servants, or acquaintances who could be urged to live a better life than they were living now. He asked them to assist and exhort eaoh other, not as' a matter of $6rm, but from their hearts. ' Captain ' ' Briggs announced that .£325 3s 6d had been laid on the stone, while the ladies had collected .£31 6s 3d, making a total of £356 9s Sd. The benediction having been, pronounced, the meeting broke np. . - . ? . ' . ''?* ? ? ? . ' ? ' -? They have a poet in Annidale, who thus *' does ' 'the- prose of the looal weekly.— ' Spring is now in fuU'toloom, . and Armidale looks ^beautiful. The English trees are all out in leaf, and the hawthorn and acaoia are in flower. The hills around look fresh - shu green ; and no one who sees our pretty little town now can dispute ite claim to be one oi the inoBt^beautiful places in the colony.' ' ? . ;, What fcan' Cuticuro do for !Baby?-r Everything- that Is 'purirying, beautirying,'and curative for ibe skin and. scalp theCuttcura Bemedies will fie. Nothing in medicine so ««resable,«o«peedyi and «- -wholesome Qoarante&dabso-; ?lutelypuMoadeatebT^eanalyticalobBttUBtsof the State it'StoBaachueetta, vhose certificates accompany every **oJEag*. For cleansing the. skin and 8oafi) of birth. 'Ji0r^'^r*T^ff ^xo£ ^tlbftt * 89i&iit0;|i&S; 'Of 'Cc^qol jAfiorx&sis;^ Ttiiiip i&M;^pe tisA pnrUxikinA piiioiifc -^mwlr^-aU^iAftiid foiTrioTOil 'ikSnrs; : ?{'?-' ^': -????'?? ^ ???/'.--''?' ?.?' — .' ' ? . ?„ '^msyuA Ijuunan^toriaa Water, aparely Aoralir** CTBo-, «o nortitolifhtfnl -ad Itetlthy perfume.— Jan. 