i THE BISHOP'S VISIT TO WARANGESD4-, I Tho Bishop of Riverina furnishes tho following ac count of his visit to Warangosda Mission Station for Aborigines. ' # Ho loft Hay by train on Thursday, tho 23rd inst., and at Darlington station was met by tho Rov J. B. Gribblo, whodrovo him to Warangosdn, which is in lovely scenery amid tho timber by tho Murrumbidgoo. Tho iights and shados mado the country almost liko I j tairy lanci. Attor crossing tno iorry in, wu-miytuu I Point, tho mission rosorvo was soon ontorod : tho I land is good, and has fed all tho stock during tho summor, without tho addition of any artificial fodder. .On neariug'tho:mission squaro an archway, formed of two bont pino yaplings, surmountod by a Hag of wol como, .was passed. A littlo later a troop of black children boro a similar flag as tho buildings camo in sight, arouud the vory pine, now' carofully foncod, bonoath which tho original mission party campod on coming thoro a^fow yoars ago. After hospitality in tho Rov. J. B. Gribblo's house, which forms ono cornor of tho squaro, a visitation of tho promises was com menced. Firat, tho cottagos of tho married couplos, 'consisting of a bodroom and outorroom, scrupulously clean, and each sholf and ornamont carofully dnstod. 'Opposito aro moro such houses and tho chapel. A third sido has tho barracks forsinglo men, that for boys, and tho schoolliouso; tho fourth having tho barracks for unmarriod women aud girls. Nono oxcopt tho sick, woro indoors. A gonoral holiday was givon on account of tho Bishop's visit: tho childron playod their gamos, two girls, ncwcomors from Sydnov, seeming at home with thoir frosh playmatos; tho women looked on at thoir husbands and sons and brothors who woro cng iged in a crickot inxtch bo twoon tho nrirriod aud single, which was won bv tho lattor. Excollont temper and great koomiois woro shown in tho game, and somo excellent crickot was to bo seo:i. No catch boing missed exenpt one, when throo tioldors eollidod in thoir emulation to got rid of a batsman. Throo choors, hoartv as from Eng lish lun^s, saluted the Bishop at a break iu tho game. As tho shados of night drew on, and tho ovoning moal was finished, sundry visitors from tho Point and tho noisihborhnod flockod in aud mado thoir way ovon tually to tho church. Boforo service an address was read by Mrjlo.inctt, tho po3tmastor and storekeeper, which;appoar3 olsowhoro, to which tho Bi.sli -o roplied. Thon tho:sorvice eommenccd: tho choir, com; »- ed of black childron, sang tho opening sentence '1 ?'?ill arise, &c;,' with groat swootnoss, as also tho varion ; musical parts of tho sorvicos. Ono sido of tho church was filled with aborigines and part of the othor, tho mission workers and visitors occupying tho rost. Tho revoronce was most markod, and no black failed to kneel in prayer. With markod attontion tho sormon on St. Mattiiow xi, 28-30, was listonod t ?. Noxt morning ng-iin all attended. The communion sorvice was real, and tho mission party and oight aboriginou partook: an, address boing givon upon Christ as our examplo. Lator ou the Bishop, accompanied by Mr and Mrs. Gribblo and Mr. Carponter, all on horseback, was shown tho mission rosorvo. cultivation ground, pasture, timbers, and swamp. Ho was likewise treated to tho interesting sight of a 'corroboreo' ? in which groatagilitv and powor of onduranco woro shown, and wondorful timo kopt, thero being a noticoablo differ once betwoon tho dancing of those from that neigh borhood and thoso from furthor north. Whatever Christianity, oducation, civilisation, and protection combined can effort, is horo to bo soon. What was at first characterised as a madman's froak, and opposod tooth and nail bv almost all sides, is now all but lot alono by enomies, and doomed truo wisdom. Difficul ties thoro aro and will bo, disappointments and trials, how could it_bo_othnrwiso ? But it is not in vain -thafn: hand isstrotchod out in tho namoof Christ to tho fallon brother or sistor. And Christians may well pray that'suitablo successors may be found to Mr and Mrs. Gribble, who leavo in July for liko work in Wo*tern Australia. Addross read at tho Mission Station for Aboriginos at Wanacosda road by Mr Bennett: - To tho Right Rovorcnd Sydnoy Linton, 1 D.D., by Divino Permission, Lord I Bishop of Rivorina. ) We, the nndorsignod residents of Darlington Point and neighborhood, dosiro to offor you a hearty welcome on your first visit to this portion of your Diocese. We feel the dcopostgratitudo to Almighty God for his goodness in bringing yon, Mrs. Linton, and your family safely, and in health to these distant shores ; and wo pray that you may .bo spared for many yoars to rule over us, and to seo tho fruits of your labors, in a largely increased flow of Divino blessings upon and oarnostnoss in tho propagation of Christianity throughout this your oxtonsive diocose. Wo aro especially thankful that tho choico of our Overseer in Holy Things has fallen upon ono of whom wo havo hoard tho reputation for godlinois, minis terial efficiency, and spiritual zeal ; and wo prav that you maybe Divinoly supported and directed in the anxious and arduous duties, which you aro about to faco, and that you may over find oarnost and ready response and zealous assibtanco from both clergy and laity in your work in tho Lord's vinoyard. Adverting to tho more immodiate object of this 'your visit, we bog to oxpross our satisfaction at your prompt determination, ns shown in your. early desire to mako yourself fully convorsant with tho working of this institution— which hns for its object tho amelioration of tho condition of tho much-noglocted aboriginos of Australia. In such laudablo work we feel suro that tho foundor of this institution will find in vou a warm supporter and spiritual guide. We mMst add that your early decision and action in this mattor brings with it tho conviction, and provos beyond a doubt, your roputation.Tor oarnestnoss iu all things relating to tho spiritual wolfaro of your children — bo thoy black or whito. In conclusion, wo should bo lacking in Christian gratitude did wo not rondor a duo mood of praiso and afToetionato romombrancoto ono who is in all respects worthy of such at our hands and hearts ; wo refer to tho L--rd Bishop of Goulburn, of whom tho oldor residents in this district ontortaiu foolings oflovo and admiration for his indomitablo porsovorance in visiting periodically, undor almost insurmountable difficulties, and at much personal inconvenionco and even poril, every portion of his, then, immense Diocosan territory. A-zain thanking vou for this, your early visit, and prayine that the Giver of all Good Gifts miy, in His merciful kindness, strengthen your hands, and that His blessing may rost upon your Lordship in all its fullness. Wo bog to subscribe ourselvos,- &c.;, John B. Gribblo, Chaplain Warangosda Mission. John Rushton, Assistant do. do. A. L. Bonnett, Postmaster &c.; 1 Duncan Frasor. II. M. Nowmark. &c;„ &c.;, &c.; ... Tho Bishop mado tho following reply : — I bog to thank you very warmly for tho kind addross I havo just received, 'exprossive of not only good fooling toward mysolf and family, but also of a real appreciation, of tho responsibility of tho work to which I am called, and of your sympathy with mo in it. May your oarnost desiro3 and prayors on my bo half indoed bo fulfilled ! I had the pleasuro of mooting Mr Gribblo in England and hearing something of his missionary and civilizing work among tho aboriginos, which intorostod ino much. I dotorminod as soon as possible to gain a porsonal acquaintance with it. and havo come hero as soon as cireumstancos havo allowed. I am thoroughly pleased with all I have soon, with tho mothod of management; with tho cleanliness and neatness of the cottagos of tho marriod couples; with tho rocroation provided for mon and boys in the gamo of cricket, so woll playod by a largo numbo*, that it would tako a good toam to bont tho players bore; with tho oducation given to tho childron. But what has pleased mo most, and indood is deeply affecting, is tho sight now boforo mo, a congregation mainly con sisting of thoso who till rocontly woro in their natural dopravity, intomifiod by tho vices thoy had unfor tunately gathorod from contact with tho whito, knooling in cloanlinoss and decency boforo God in tho liouso cf prayor, and thoir childron forming an admirable choir and leading tho praisos of. God with sweotness and efficiency. The Saviour's . promiso of his Presence, whero His command is oboyed, of making Disciplos of all nations by baptizing them in tho namo of tho Fathor, of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost, toaching them to observe whatsoovor Ho commandod, is wisely being fulfilled; Ho is hero to empower His word and to energize His sorvants for thoir labor of love f-r the despised outcast. It is gratifying to mo to notico that though out of sight, yet tho good Bishop of GouUmrn is not out of mind, and that his valunblo an I solf-donying sorvicos to tho diocose at largo and to this mission in particu lar, aro not forgotton. That God's best blessing mny rost upon this mission station, oacli individual of tho working *tafF, and ' those for whoso good, temporal and spiritual, it oxists, as woll as upon tho rosidents at Darlington Point and neighbourhood, is my wish and prayor for you. A public presentation of a testimonial and purso of sovereigns was rocontly mado to Mr W. Y. F. For rostor, who has boon tho local manager of the Bank of New South Wales at Doniliquin, on tho occasion of his loaving that district. Tho Tnamanian Govoruient has- received informa tion that tho lmporial Govornmont intend to com* I pleto the survoy of Bass' Straits. I An attoropt is about being mado to form a yolun I teor cMpaat Narandora. , ; ; 