fl€fi#S. Camiola : A Girl with a Fortune. By Jcsttx McCarthy. v Author of 'Mkb Misanthrope,*' 'Maid of Athens,' &c.; ChA1?teii XI&— RIVER OF REMORSE AND INNOCENCY. Suddenly Pilgrim was hailed from the road out of which ho had turned to reach the river side. ' Hallo, Pilgrim.' ' Mr. Romont, is it you ? ' ' 'Why, certainly, Pilgrim. You look a little surprised to see me ! ' ' Well, yes ; I am a little surprised, Mr. Romont.' Pilgrim became rather embarrassed. What lie would have Raid if he had spoken out his mind, was this : 'lam | surprised to Bee you going about openly in your ordinary ? costume and your own person, seeing that you are supposed i' to be somewhere far out of London, and that Albanian I Joseph is still supposed to be in Fitzureeham.' Pilgrim ! had never asked a question, or said a word about Albanian I Joseph ; but he knew perfectly well who Albanian Joseph I was, and Romont always knew he did. What little plot ,' Mrs. Pollen and Romont had in hand he could not guess, but \ he had a vague presentiment borne in upon him, he could ( not tell how, that it would prove to have something to j do with. Camiola Sabine. He knew it would be some | purpose of good to herself, but his heart was sad all the [ same. Every thought of her wounded him. He had not I senn her since that fatal day when - he made such a lament [ able exhibition of his madness, and he dreaded to look her : in the face again. ? . ' I am in Fitzurseham again, Pilgrim, as you see. There | is a time for folly and a time to be sane. I am trying to be 1 sane just now.' 'Were you op at the house? Were you looking for ! me ? ' J, ' No ; I haven't beeu up at Fiteurso House ; and the i. truth is I wasn't looking for j'ou, Pilgrim. But I am glad j to see you all the same. Are you meditating on the flowing ! on of life as you look at that shining river ? ' ! There was an enforced gaiety in Romont's manner which did not escape even Pilgrim's notice. ' ' Have you been at the Rectory, Mr. Romont? Have '; you heard how Mr. George is getting on ? ' ; 'No; I haven't been at the Rectory, Pilgrim; at least I didn't go in and I didn't make any enquiry; and I haven't \- the slightest doubt that Mr. George is getting on as well as ? his most devoted friends could possibly desire. That sort ; of fellow always does get on all right, don't you think?' j Pilgrim wondered what could nave induced Mr. Romont I to walk to the Rectory and not go in or even make an enquiry. Romont had been in a restless mood all the even ' ing, and he had wandered away vaguely from St. James's : street and found himself 'at last idly lounging round and | round that part of Fitzurseham where the Rectory stood. ; If there be any man or woman still young or having : memory of youth who requires to be told, as Christian Pil | grim apparently did, -why Romont hovered in theneigh , bom-hood of the Rectory, then on that man or -woman are love stories and love's experiences thrown utterly away. ! 'But what are you doing here, Pilgrim? You look 1 like a watcher; as if you were on the look-out for Bome thing.' v ; . ; ' I am on the look-out for something, Mr. Romont; per : haps you will think me absurd if I ten. you.' ' My good fellow, what does it natter whether I think you absurd or not ? What does it : matter whether you aie ~ absurd or not ? Are we not all iabfeurVL every one of uh, at | almost any hour in the day ? I hopfe to neaven that you are tremendously, insanely, preposterously absurd, Pilgrim; because you will then keep me all the better in coun 1 tenance.' i v- . =? ? ' I know, at least, that you won't laugh at what I am ' going to say to you.' : '1 don't think I feel much in the laughing humour, Pil 1 grim; but go ahead.' [ At another time Pilgrim might have paid serious atten tion to Romont's words and manner, nnd might even in bis humble, friendly way have pressed for some explanation. Now his mind was absorbed in one thought. He told his thought to Romont in as few words as ha could put it into. Romont did not laugh, but shook his head very gravely. 'Of course, this is mere conjecture, Pilgrim, and there may be nothing in it.' ? ' ? ' Of course, of course, Mr. Romont.** * ' But still,*' Romont said, ' I ain almost adined to think with you that something bad may becoming. Things do look ominous, and I am abwwderento attach some importance to the fact that thaWtion has taken w strong a hold on your mind. If she ever were going to do it, hew, certainly, would be the likeliest spot. Anyhow, no harm can come of our waiting and watch ing.' ' 'Will you keep me company, Mr. Romont?' ' Of course I will ; I am just thinking what we had . ' better do. Look here ; we'll get into one of these little boats. There's one lying off the Old Ferry Inn^ we'll get into it and just go : out midstream and get behind one of the big barges there, and keep our eyes *Sxed on the shore and the churchyard wall, makes one feel creepy, doesn't it? But that's the thing to do, you' maybe Bure. If the attempt is made here, Pilgrim, we can save * her.' - . ? ' What would you think, Mr. Romont, now rchat you are here to keep watch, if I were to go .back to Mrs:. Lam mas' e house and tell her of our suspicions, and get her to to look after Vinnie?' ' Wouldn't think about it at all, Pilgrim.' 'No, Mr. Romont?' 'No.' ' Not tell the girl's mother- and put her on her guard?' ' Certainly not. Pilgrim.** Pilgrim was absolutely dumbfounded. Not to go at once and tell the girl's mother; not to put her on her guard; not to have some restraint used with Vinnie! This was marvellous. Only his implicit faith in- Romont could stand it. . ' My good fellow,' Ronumtr said, ' don't you see that if this girl is bent on killing' herself nothing on earth can prevent her trying? To ga and frighten her mother, and set her mother to frighten lier, would be the stupidest policy in the world. It would only come to this, that Vinnie would put off her attempt to some time and place where we should not be standing by to prevent her. The _ best thing we can, do is to let her try here under our very eyes.' Pilgrim's breath was almost taken away. \- ' But suppose we don't succeed in saving her P' ' Of course we'll save her ; what is the matter with, us ? If she does come here the tiling is easy ,* and if she doesn't come here, then we can't tell- where she may fp. It is an off chance, but is a chance. I think she will come here.' ' Then don't you think we should stop her T* 'No, no no; the only thing is to letter go right in to the river. Many a girl when onoe she is in would endure the worst troubles in life to be out again. If they are pulled out they become ashamed of the whole affair, the row, and the scandal, and the exposure,' ?&& bU- *ae re8t °f it;, and they get back to their better senses. No; girls t- don't often try that sort of thing a second time.' ' I suppose you are right, Mr. Ptomont. You are sure ? you can save her?' i% -( Of course; of course. My go od fellow. t3o you think I never saved any one from drownin ^ in my life r ' Romont spoke as if saving people from -9 xowning was one of the commonest incidents in an ordinar y man's life.' ' I am sure I never did,' said Pilgrim, sadly. (: Lots of things you never duf, Pilgrim. But there's one thing I know you can do; and. that is obey orders.' «'Ye3, 1 can do that.' ' Very well, then ; if anvtrfing should happen, if we should see anything, yon had be'der let me boss this busi ness—let me manage it all, if you don't mind.' ' Certainly, Mr. Romont.' 'I think lam a coaler hand, don't you bum; audit this should happen we must bear in mind that we haven't merely to prevent the poor thing from coming to any harm just now, but we have to prevent her from ever trying it on again. Do you understand what I mean now, Pil grim?' ' I don' think I do, Mr. Romont ; but it doesn't matter if you do. I'll just take my orders.' ' All right ; you will understand.' There was a silence for some moments. Nothing was heard by the two watching men but the lapping of the water against their own boat and round the bows of the barge behind which they lay sheltered, and the occasional barking of a dog and the chiming of a clock in somc.bclfry tower. 'Ten o'clock! If she is coming at all,' Pilgrim said, in a low whisper, «? she won't be long now. Keep a sharp look out, Mr. Romont ; your sight is better than mine.' ' Why do you think it will be soon now ?' ' She will wait until her mother has gone to bed— that will be before ten.' 'Oh.' There was another pause, and for a longer time. Pilgrim was growing almost sick with nervous anxiety. Although there was no moon the skies were singularly clear, and the eye travelled far under that luminous atmosphere. The watchers were peeling cautiously out from behind tbo shelter of the barge and her heavy rudder. The tide was nearly at its height. There must have been many feet of* water under the old churchyard wall. ' There was a rather strong current running towards London. ' Hush,' said Romont, in a voice so low that the ripple of the waves was noise to it. His quick ears had caught the sound of some movement like the crunching of gravel in the churchyard. The gates of th« churchyard were always closed at nights, but there was a kind of roadway, or 'hard,' sloping down to the river parallel with that one of the churchyard walls which ran from the river inland, and parts of this wall were so low, and the rough roadway mounted in places so high, that anyone could easily get over the wall and in among the graves and tombs. Unquestionably some one had leaped down from the wall into the churchyard ; and now a hurried, irregular tread could be heard by the watchers behind the barge. Yes; it was a girl. Pilgrim had guessed aright. Ihe figure of a woman was plainly seen now by both the men. The woman came to the wall which looked over the river and stood' a moment and stared across the waters and up at the sky and back on the church itself. Then 'she flung off her bonnet and shawl and mounted on to the wall. She stood there one moment, and a half suppressed cry or moan broke from her. Pilgrim was about to push off the boat and shout to the girl to stop ; but , Romont seized him by the shoulder and held him in his place, making at the same time vehement gestures, to him to keep quiet. It needed all Pilgrim's confidence in Romont's judgment to enable him to keep quiet at such a moment. ' She will do it,' he said to his own affrighted soul ; ' she will do it ia a second while we are waiting here.' Yes ; he was right ; she has done it. She sprang wildly from the wall; there was a splash and a stifled shriek; and poor Vinnie Lammas was in the Thames. 'Keep quiet,' said Romont harshly to Pilgrim, 'sit still, don'tstir, leave this to me.' He took the sculls as quietly as if he were merely about to amuse himself with a late paddle on the river and gently pushed the boat away from Ihe shelter of the dark barge. Pilgrim covered his faca with his hands ; he could not bear to look up or around him. Romont sculled the boat lightly with, the current, shootingseveral rapid strokes] ahead, ana looking out keenly over his shoulder the while. 'Nowtiien, Pilgrim, here we are!' Getting courage from Romont's cool composure, Pilgrim looked up, and made ready to do something, he did not quite know what. Romont was resting on his oars and -waiting. Suddenly Pilgrim saw something come floating, bobbing, dancing down thestream. It was the back of a woman's head. He could see nothing but that at first; it seemed like a curly-haired head with no body attached. 'All right,' said Romont, in alow, reassuring tone, and shipping his sculls he crept over-Pilgrim to the stern of the boat, and nut both his arms under Vinnie'fl head, and held it up oy the short curling hair., 'Catch hold of ihe sculls, Pilgrim, and pull like mad for the shore.' ... Romont was in reality much excited, but he spoke as composedly as if all this sort of thing were happening everyday, ; ' For the barge, Mr. Romont ? ' Pilgrim asked in doubt and excitement. ' No; no ; for the shore; man alive, we couldn't get her into the boat, and we couldn't get the barge ashore. Go ahead.' Pilgrim was pulling 'with heroic vigour and unheroic awkwardness. A yery few strokes brought them close up to the landing place just under the churchyard. Romont here stepped into the water and lifted Vinnie out of it. He was now standing on the shore holding her in his arms, her pallid corpse-like face resting on his shoulder. She was still insensible, but full of life and shivering all over. ' Take off your coat, Pilgrim, and wrap it tightly round her ; wrap it as if you were wrapping a mummy ; that will get some heat into her again. Good; yery well done. Now just contrive somehow to get off this coat of mine; bear a hand this way. Gently now while I just lift her head a little. There — there— quietly. Don't stir her more than you can help. . That's it; all right. Now wrap my coat tightly round her feet and ankles. That's the way. Now men you had better carry her ; this way, don't you see, just as you would carry a child. And now we Lad better start. I'll just make fast the boat.' ' Romont had a kind of idea that when Vinnie came to and heard what had happened she would rather know that she had been carried in the arms of theelder than of the younger man. ' One moment, Pilgrim.' Romont employed Kis hand kerchief to dry as well as he could Vinnie's curly hair and her face. 'Now, stoop down; kneel down ; she must have swallowed a lot of water. Hold her head just a little this way ; yes, that will be all right.' A little torrent of water gushed from the girl's mouth as Romont had expected that it would; and she sobbed and shuddered convulsively, opened her eyes once or twice in a sightless way, and sank off again insensible but evidently relieved. ' Now, we may go on again ; but not too fast. Is she very cold?* ' ' '? I don't think Bhe is so very cold now, Mr. Romont; except her face, perhaps.' ' No matter about that ; just keep these coats round her as tightly as you can. The women won't be long getting hsr plcntv of hot blankets up at the house, I suppose ? Shall I run on before and tell them?' r « At what house, Mr. Romont f* ' Why at Fitzurse House, to be sure.' ' But there's nobody there.' They kept going on all the same, for as yet they had not reached the main road, and only when they got there would it be necessary for them to decide. It had not occurred to Romont that there could be any difficulty about carrying the rescued girl -up to Fitzurse House at once. For a moment he became puzzled when Pilgrim interposed his practical objection. ? '. ' By Jove, I never thought of that— are there no women to-night up at the house f?r 'Not a ghost of a woman. Mrs. Pollen and her maid ?went away hours ago.' ' Then ihere'snoflung for it but to take her to the Rectory. We can't go into theOldFerrylnnandhaveallFilzurseham gaping over the Story for the next week, and if we took her home we should only frighten her mother info fits, and find no one else who could do a hand's turn for the poor child. The Rectory is a place we have all a claim on; and there are women enough there.' They were again tramping briskly along. Pilgrim found his physical strength come in useful to Mm now. He was carrying Vinnie with as much ease and tender care as if she were afittle sick child. 'She will recover, Mr. Romont ?' he asked plaintively with his eyes fixed on the little dark and damp head ttat rated on his shoulder. 'Recover? of course she will. -Her heart was beating nicely a moment ago. Here we are. _ She will be in better hands here than yours or mine, Pilgrim.' As they made for die door of the Rectory Romont was thinking that he was sure to see Camiola,anawas'won&ern3; what she would say when she saw this sudden apparition; and was wishing in his secret soul that he was in 'Vinnie Lammas' s condition, on the off chance that Camiola might have to do something for him. 