CORRESPONDENCE. .'Smoker.'— The Ghost now running in . Mel- : bourne is not the horse bred by Mr.Harvey. The Ghost (late Salisbury) was by Tregeagle out of Ada fnot the dam of Newsteadl. ?? ?? ' 'Hicham Coulter. — The correspondence has been closed so far as our open columns are con cerned. - -.:.-} ' G. H. ScownJ'— The case has not been reported in the Register, and we cannot therefore publish your explanation. ' C. P. F.'— The addition of the first two quanti ties, viz., £d. and i-f., thus making Jd. 'E. H. Hallack, Treasurer of the Samiritan Fund,' writes :— ' I notice a letter from ' E. C. Browne' in your issne of this day having reference to the family of a recent inmate of this institution. If your correspondent ?mil communicate with the committee of the Samaritan Fund the matter will be investigated, and, if necessaiy, assistance will be rendered.' 'BotertBossiter.'— The Red Lancer which won the trot is not identical with the steeplechaser of that name. Mr. Watson bought him in Melbourne in May. '? 'Enquirer.'— 1. The District Council Act is silent as to the qualification of a Returning Officer. If a person not a ratepayer was appointed to conduct the election, in case of an equality of votes he would seemingly {.have a casting- vote. ,2. It cannot be done. ' Subscriber, Maliali.'— 1. A candidate for elec tion urder District Councils Act cannot be appointed or act as Returning Officer. 2. Yes ; a person in re ceiving nominations for Councillors acts as a Returning Officer. 3. Yes ; a person acting as Returning Officer can nominate persons as Auditors if he is a ratepayer, and if the nomination is handed in before-oon. ' John Carter.'— If you resided in England, and were in receipt of income from abroad, you would have to pay the tax. If you resided in England, and your money were invested in South Australia in Bank or other stock, your attorney or agent here would have to pay the income tax in South Aus tralia. 'Indignant.' — We cannot possibly publish such a letter as yours under an anonymous signature. The better course is to communicate with the military authorities. 