MENTAL HEALING IN BOSTON, U.S.A. [From, a Correspondent of the London Times.] Boston, Mass.. May 1L. This city has become the head quarters of a religio-metaphysical furore, which within a few months has infected so many people of all classes in New England that the mental contagion is almost sure to spread beyind .American limits. The science of mental neal iiig—nothing that originates in Boston is less than a science or an art—is the ambitious name of themovement wMchitsleadershaveassuinsd. The press of the country find frequent occasion to make sharp allusions to the "Boston mind-cure craze," but it is a long time since any local paper has been so indis creet as to make sinning references bo She new pathology. Absurd and idiotic as are some of the ideas which the prophets of the system advance, the movement has far outgrown the limits of a popular but temporary craze. The " wonderful cores" of the mental healers have been so persistently proclaimed that a large proportion of average Bostonians are willing at least to admit that "there is something in it." Hundreds claim to have been bene iited in varying degree by mind-cure treat ments. Many such hgfr""ne themselves healers, and thus the new idea has spread. Just now the religions features of the new departure more prominently engross public attention, and clergymen of all denominations are seriously considering how to deal with what they regard as the most dangerous innovation that has f*"* afo*nefl the Christian ?church in this cegion for many years. Scores of the siast valued cnurch members are joining the Christian anipntjut. branch of the metaphysical _ organisation, and it has thus fn-y been impossible t*> ?h^fV the defection. It is a movement far-reaching in ifo lfifl^ifynp^j and including many thousands among its sympathisers, whose ordinary goad intelligence entitles their judgment-to respect. A study, therefore, of the details of the novel scheme becomes at once interesting and soon fascinating; Here is a familiar Boston parlor scene; two ladies sit a little way apart in Quafeer-Bieeting ?knee for perhaps twenty minutes. The face vf one is as hotly flushed as if she had been in dulging in violent exercise, physical instead of mestaL The other, the patient, ap parently dozes in her chair. Externally this is all feat constitutes a mind- cure treatment, to which hundreds hereabouts are daily submitting. The fundamental idea that undediesthe system of mental healing is that tliere is bo soo£ thing as sickness. Disease, ?y the mental healers, is an error of the nimd, the result of fear. This startling; hypothesis fntnil? same very strange and absurd concln sions. The leader of one of the factions, for there are several in sharp rivalry one with another, gives these instructions for healing-:— "Seasonin your mind that God made every thinggood. He is not the author of disease. Therefore, as disease is not a creation it has no existence, bat it is merely a delusion of the mind, the effect of fear. Fear is faith in verted and perverted. Ton are to gain the confidence of your patient; make him tell you the cause of what he thinks is las disease. But with your clearer mind you see that it is not sickness vt all. Ton attain the power of beating by dwelling mentally upon the troth and wisdom of God, and thus the faith of the a chenuoal-coange m the flwM* of b system which results in health." Many invalids are naturally willing to accept this or any other sophistry in explanation of cures if they themselves are physically benefited. Bat among the intrlfigMrt people in every day ISe who ate studying the mind cure tfopnrMm-and to-a greater or less extent are testing them, the ideas of the fa^fcp— are very mnch m?iiifi?ai. Indeed, hardly any two hare just the oame .conception of the "science." fine lady believes that to be a consistent oeakr one must be a TTniversalist in religions frith. Another insists that the mrnrl? of her f&ttip; shall be rnmAtt entirely free fnmgafle, and accordingly dteaaks for a full fl+gtrmffTfr of their lives. Many persons who study the njeteui aamunee all religious and sapezstitious ideas in connexion ?with it, but recognise the physical phenomena, which they do ant attempt to explain, and practise the ait as successfully as any. A lady i? Hyde Dark, Mmwr^"***^ who takes this posSwa, says she imds herself possessed of a power over many serious ills winch she hardly knows now to nse. She says she prays earnestly and lie ailment of the soffesr ceeras -to be transferred to herself. Then <3ie is able easily to throw it ofi. She does sot know whether to sail it mind- cute, faith-enre, -or magnetism. Same operators fay tfaey use so wul power, but simply keep before their grinds an image of perfect heaiHL and let Gad or the truth work through them. Others exert the will intensely to drag out the disease, as it were, by jnain fares. To be consistent the Imfling mind-cure theorists have to tTavntrfn some very absurd ideas. Poisons, they say, -weald be harmless if the4ear of them jgenunred. Children, they explain, ; ax£ -?ifi***<i because of unconscious hereditary fear. Mrs. .Mary B. G. Kddy, leader of the ffomtian ficientjst division of tnentaTbakre,-claims 4bat her hn?hMiii ) who died time or four yews .ago, was murdered by an eneny among the Scientists who "thought arsenic into Ann." Some of these queer enthusiasts ??i?t?? that mental influ ence does not recognise distance, and that therefore the pretence of the patient under treatment is not necessary. Another Hyde .Park lady has an intimate friend in Sacramento, California, who a few nionrhajico was given -up by physicians to die ?f inSawnatory rheumatism. It was arranged by null that at 3 o'clock, Boston time, on certain days the invalid should submit herself mentally to the treatment of her friend in Hyde Ark. It is claimed tint .improvement was immediate, and that within a month the patient was able -to visit San Francisco with her husband. Another lady in treating ab3ent patieitt? puts a doll in a chair njom which to fix her mind in lieu of the sick lieteon. Most of the mental heaters pro fess contempt for the laws of hygiene. They bid their patients eat what they please and act as they please. Mrs. Eddy, however, makes the proviso that they must be of strong faith that what they eat and do will not barm tbem. So much for means and methods. When the enquirer attempts to in vestigate ?w yfa'*l gtf^mpH^rmtmf^ under the new pathology he encounters a vast array of witnesses and testimony. But after attempt ing to eift the evidence it is impossible to return a sweeping and decisive verdict. It would be useless to deny that, under the influence of the mind-curing practitioners, beneficial and in some cases remarkable results are attained. .It is not surprising that they are able i? "core" hypochon driacs, whose ills exist only in imagina tion, and it is easy to understand that their peculiar influence is more potent than that of medicine incases of certain disorders of mental and nervous origin. But when more mar vellous cures are claimed the average sceptic falls back on Dr. Peabodyfe assertion that a physician's success depends upon the degree in which he possesses the confidence of his patient. Complete harmony of mind and con fidence in any remedial agency is a more ixrtent factor in any case than most people, even medical practitioner*, gene rally recognise. This fact is the real secret of the mind-cure craze, and with a foundation so substantial it is, after all, hardly wonderful that so vast and fantastic a structure has been erected. Investigation of any of the miracles which it is claimed are wrought is unsatisfactory. Although cases are cited by the hundred of alleged cures of paralysis, cancer, tumor, consumption, rheuma tism, ecadet fever, spinal complaint, nervous disorders, and minor complaints, there appears to have been no genuine, scientific test of the system. There is testimony in abundance, radical, positive, and undoubtedly honest from people who claim to have been cured by the new agency'of organic disease of long standing; tjut investigation develops so many weak or incredible points that dose analysis is almost always unsatisfactory in its resulte. Illustra tions might be detailed by the score, but a (single weU-authenticated case will suffice. A prominent dentist of this city fell and severely injured his knee. He sent for a surgeon of good repute, who examined the limb and diagnosed ? fracture, saying that he could plainly detect the gating of the broken edges of the bone against each other. The patient was properly treated, and was advised to reconcile himself to several week's confinement. But, yielding to the importunities of his wife, be allowed her to caj in a mind-cure prac titioner. He treated the injured man according to the tenets of the new school, and tried to persuade him that he was not redly hurt. Finally, he induced him to get up and walk, which he did, at iirst with ditticalty but soon with comparative ease. The dentist walked into the office of the surgeon who first attended him the next morninsr, and the doctor thought for a moment that he saw a ghost. This case is naturally reckoned a great triumph of mental-heaUflg over old-fashioned methods. The old-aehool surgeon, of course, simply acknowledges that he made a mistaken diagnosis, and says the gentleman sustained only a staain of the knee-joint. . j Until recently the popular excitement on the subject bad not been utilised for fraudulent pnrpo6eBby"(^law^?a fl d W ofpB6ip fl ai im postors. A large ma,jmty of the pjiad cure conrerte Same been wojneo. If giey Lave been themselves benefited, or think they have, they begin to study the axtand become practitioners, Kone of this class have sought to fill their purges by practising the new method. Most of them have treated their friends gratuitously, as described above, or have given their tune to etxangen for some trifling recompense. There have been instances, .however. Within a few months of ?Eoes?wmaling of the oradnlo??by profonrionjl <feo nwd itjwofitafale just. bow toiJ?fc<m.*fae?iML£ure nude. Aoaso in point ocepwaj -Mtttif. emooth- iongaed rascal who is getting rich upon fbe HW&ygJgcj;^w^jcalk^ftJjF^Jte wU? , cf a wealthy gentleman. She was angering from cancer, and the disciple of mental h??ljnr guaranteed that he would cure her. Prejaafiy the patient died. But the mind-cure man persuaded the husband that be had succeed*} m partially curing the cancerous trouble when death supervened, caused by consumption. Accordingly, a bill for 4,000 dollars was sent in, and the husband finally paid 3,000 dollars rather than suffer tiie embarrassment of a law suit. For several weeks past, as stated at the outset, the religions revolution in volved in the new departure has over shadowed the consideration of the physical phenomena in the public i?i?^, The theologi cal innovations are confined to tiie creed of the Christian scientists, who constitute the largest division of tiie mind-cure host. They make the principles of a new theology indis pensable in their theories of mental healing. They are led by Mrs. Eddy, who is tiie high priestess of the whole movement. She claims to be the founder of the science, though rivals deny it, and her account of the divine origin of the faith is worth mentioning. In 1866, accord ing to her story, she fell accidentally upon tbe sidewalk and suffered spinal injury aud paralysis, which physicians declared would result fatally in a few hours. Her pastor called to see her just before tiie end vras apparently at .hand and offered her consolation. She begged him to return in tbe afternoon, but no one believed she ironld then be living-. By revelation from heaven at that time God's actual relation towards her and to the human race -was made clear, and she realised that her hurt wan but an error which, when supplanted by the truth, would disappear. By the light of her new knowledge, she brought herself By mental process into a proper attitude toward Jehovah, and when the clergyman called a few hours later, expecting to comfort a bereaved family, she met him at the door. Ever since, Mrs. Eddy says, she has had the power of heal ing others as she was herself healed. The creed which she has formulated as the basis of her system is a peculiar theo logical mixture. But, as Professor Stacy Fowler raid in a recent paper on the subject, "If they heal, people will not stop at a question of theology. If they heal they will carry the day and they ought to." Hence it is that Hawthorne Hall, where tiie Christian scientists worship, is thronged for an hour before the hour for service each Snndxy. So eager are people to hear that after the standing room is all taken, people crowd around out side tiie doot?, where they can catch only an occasional word or two. Theservioeconsistsof ordinary devoticoalesereisespracedinga?ermon by Mrs. Eddy. But the creed shefceaibes is so blindly and iUojrically presented, is so full of ap parently inconsistencies, that it would bean im possible task to describe it even in outline. " God is infinite "?itiH ; wi*t^?Br is nothing. Personality is tiie embodiment of mind. For giveness of einmeons destruction of an"-^tiiese are fragmentary ideas gained by listening to one of Mrs. Eddy's rambling talks. Tne&v.; A. J. Gordon, D.D., a prominent Baptist clergyman, who has studied tiie books of tbe Christian scientists thoroogfclyand talked with all the leaders, pronounces their creed amixtore of Pantiieum and Buddhism. The delusion, he says, is most insidious. The large use of tbe Bible, the stxenuons demand for holiness and self-abnegation in the disciples, tiie results apparently effected in the ministry to the sick —these are very powerful considerations for at tracting convert?. And so hundreds of young ladies especially are drawn into tbe system under the impression that they are getting some finer quality of Christianity. Dr. Gordou predicts that this is not the final issue. If the body is only a phantom and the flesh only a shadow, by-and-bye some very practical sin ners will take refnge.under the rgprtrtm. and insist that the sins of theboiy and the trans gressions of tbe tfcsh are nannies*, since they are only tiie phantom of a, phantom and tbe shadow of a shadow. Dr. Gordon-regards the whole system as a sort of witches'cauldron, in which every conceivable heathen and Christian setesy is seething- and ?M"??t to pradaoe the subtle essence called "mental medicine." On tiie otiier hand the Eev. O. P. Gifford, another Baptist clergyman of equal standing, and several ??thw pT"l"'"?*'ttTiiiii?tnrii rinfmrl tbe Christian scientists, and endorse much of their philosophy, while admitting that much more of it is -unintelligible. But the clergy as a whole now regard the subject with grave apprehension, and on ail sides they are disctnsmg the situation with great earnestness. They hardhy know bow to deal with tbe danger, tot tfae sincerity of all infected with the new faith is undoubted, and any policy of opposition or denunoatian servos only to increase their ardor. Scores of appli cations have been made to jeamgelieal churches of the Baptist, Methodwt, Con gregational, and Epncopml de?oncnations lor letters of ribmissal that "the appli cants may join the Christian Scientist*' church. Ail such applications have been iefo?fd, but the converts to tbe new idea nevertheless worship with thoae of the new cre?d. The public disenssion of tbe new theology was begun a few weeks ago by tbe liev. .lo^ephCook, ujxm his Monday lecture fcliip platform. He endorsed tiie views of Dr. Cordon, and denounced the Christian Scien tifte ungperiDply. Since then the subject has been discusbed from week to week at one or n:oTe of tiie conferences of ministers of tbe various denominations. The persons who are most affected by the craze, exceiit the actual converts, are tile phy sicians: but from them least is publicly heard. Perhaps the best antidote, after having spent some time in canvauing the views of the n?ental healers and in ducussing tbe theo logical side of tiie subject, is to call upon ?oue good oJd-faebioned physician, who has been adding years to men's lives for half a century. "Doctor," a veteran practitioner was asked recently, "why donit you take in your sign now that these mind-cure people have shown that no one need be sick unless Le has a mind to!" "Uou't make fun of focis, young nian/ tbe rtply came, "it only strengthens tbem in their fuliy. When people ask m<; if there ia anything in mental heaiintc, I say yes, of courte there is. Every physician knows that when a patient's mind or iicagination is in sympathy with him the work of coring is in many cases half done. In deal ing with mental and nervous diseases one object aimed at is to secure absolute tieaoe of mind on tbe part of tbe patient. Then nature will work her own cure. Sometime* it is necessary to administer a. lew bread pills or a few drops of colored water to induce lull con fidence. But it is useless to argue with people who try to fabo?~ that there is n<> sioknesti and Uiat poisons wont kilL The craze might as ?Wfil run rtt course. 13 