THE FLIGHT INTO EGYPT. BY FATHBB PBOUT. THERE'S a legend that's told of a Gipsy who dwelt In the land where the Pyramids be; And her robe was embroidered with stars, and her belt With devioeB, right wondrous to see ; And she lived in the days when our Lord was a child On His mother's Immaculate breast; When He fled from His foes—when to Egypt exiled, He went down with St. Joseph the blest. This Egyptian held oonverse with magic, methinks, And the future was given to her gaze, For an obelisk marked her abode, and a sphinx On her threshold kept vigil always. She was pensive, and ever alone, nor was seen In the haunts of the dissolute orowd ; But oommuned with tho ghosts of tbo Pharaohs, I ween, Or with visitors wrapped in a Bhroud. And there came au old man from the desert one day, With a maid on a mule by that road ; And a ohild on her bosom reolined—and tho way Led them straight to the GipBy's abode ; Aad they seemed to have travelled a wearisome path, From their home many, many a league— From a tyrant's parsuit, from an enemy's wrath, Spent with toil and o'eroome with fatigu And the Gipsy oame forth from her dwellin and pray'd That the pilgrims would rest them awhil And she offered her oonoh to that delioa maid Who had oome many, many a mile; And she fondled the babe with affection oaresg, And she begged the old man would re^ " Here the stranger," she said, "ever flu free access, And the wanderer balm for his woes. Then her guests from the glare of the soon day she led To a seat in her grotto so oool; Where Bhe spread them a banquet of fruits— and a shed With a manger, she found for the mule; With the wine of the palm-tree, with the dates newly culled, All the toil of the road eho beguiled ; And with song in a language mysterious, she lulled On her bosom the wayfaring child. When the GipBy anon in her Etliiop. hand, Placed the infant's diminutive palm, Oh, 'twas fearful to see, how the features she scanned Of the babe in His slumbers so calm! hile she noticed and marked every furrow that crossed O'er the tracings of Destiny's line; " Whence oome ye ?" she cried, in astonishment lost, " For this child is of lineage divine i" From the village of Nazareth,?*' Joseph replied, " Where we dwelt in the land of tin Jew, We have fled from a tyrant whose gpnoenis are dyed In the gore of the ohildren ha,sl»w; e are told to remain,, till .an angel'i command Shall appoint us the hour to return; nt till then we inhabit the forei^nej*e land, And in Egypt we make our sojourn.'* Then ye tarry with me!" oried' the Gipsy in joy, " And ye make of my dwelling your home; any years have I prayed that, the Israelite hoy, (Blessed hope ef the GsstilM l)' would oome." nd she kissed both the feet of tfafi infant, and knelt And adored Him at onoe; then a smila it the face of His mother, who. cheerfully dwelt With her hoBt on the banks of the Nile. The New York Daily Graphic at HtU J 1884, contains illustrations of the Woi SOHNAPPS establishment at Hamburg. 