The Chatterer. The sugo Htudicth amusements, anil tlio simple luughctb in liis atudics. ? ' KUhtin F. Tarns*. THE REWARD OF PATRIOTISM. A LARGE number of those who went to the Soudan are being well rewarded for their efforts in the cause of the Queen and country, if de- ferred payment of "wages," and being kept out of work mean reward. They have not yet re- ceived all that was due to them, and are kicking their heels on the nearest kerbstone, waiting for something to turn up. The first thing likely to turn up, after their noses, at the shabby treat- ment they ate receiving, are their toes, for they can no more hold out against starvation here than they could hold out against it in the land of the Arab, goat and camel. One of the Bathurst contingent — Constable Pitcher — is being punished for having sustained injuries during the campaign. His eyesight suffered and the elaborate and stringent laws which regu- late our police department are a bar positive to any sore-eyed mortal joining the ranks, even though he may have resigned in order to serve her Majesty in a more active field. The authorities will not allow Pitcher to resume his place in the service, and a good policeman is thus deprived of a billet and the service is de- prived of a good man. Putting together the many things that have been done and left undone by the Government since the contingent returned, one is forced to the conclusion that they don't care a rap what becomes of the men and their families now that their (the Govern- ment's) connection with the glorious affair is broken or is breaking. If the truth were known there are many of the returned soldiers in as bad a fix as Constable Pitcher, and the treat- ment they are receiving is not creditable to the colony which sent them on the war path. The police authorities ought not to be so particular in this case, however, for if rumour speaks correctly, there are a few sore-eyed mortals in the force already, whose affliction does not come from the heat and dust of duty's road either. If it is against the rules to admit men into the force whose sight is not steady, then those who cannot walk steady should not be retained in the force, and that there are some in the colony afflicted with trembling in the legs is a fact that has more than once made itself apparent to the citizens of the Metropolis, and of other places as well. But I suppose the Department would not be perfect if there were not inequalities, alike in its management as in its members. SHNAKES ! Here is what a fellow scribe up country runs out: — Some of the immigrants make great amusement for young Australians when they come up this far to enter upon their first en- gagement, but the fact I am about to relate now is as good as any I before heard of. The leading character was a countryman av me own. So he was. He is engaged on the railway line, and after dinner the other day his five mates seated themselves on a log for the customary smoke, and Dan, finding there was no room on the log, on observing a little hillock of earth about a foot high, seated himself down, exclaiming, ' Begor, an' its natur itsilf prowides a sate furr a man in Anstreelia,' at the same time starting to cut up his tobacco. Yarns had not gone far when Dan, emitting a fearful yell, rolled off his seat on to the grass, and commenced roaring and kicking. 'He's in a fit,' cried one of the mates, as three started to hold him down, rub bing the palms of his hands when able at the same time, while the others rushed to the tent for water. Before the water arrived Dan had become a little calm, and grabbing the behind of his pants, enquired ' Is it phwat ye calls a shnake, tell me?' When the cause of the trouble was discovered the hills echoed the roars of laughter by the men who had gathered up, when one of the number informed Dan that he had been sitting on a ' bull-dogs' nest.' Dan had occasion to write to his sister at home the next day, and replying to a question as to how he liked the Country, said : 'Molong, Bridget. I likes th' mountains, th' thrrays, an' th' rivers, but th' gollopers-up are thremindus in quantity. Worse than shnakes or anything is some shmall sized black thing. If there's anything I doesn't loike in Austreelia its a bull ant, an' I don't loike a bull-ant. Baley, Bridget, it would do ye good to come out to sit an a nist av 'em." CORPORATION SALE YARDS. It is certainly a great pity that the Borough Council cannot overcome the difficulty. For years past the citizens have suffered through the absence of Corporation Stock Sale Yards, and unless a strong and determined effort is made on the part of the Council to secure them the suffering will continue. It is a positive loss to the public exchequer, and perhaps an indirect loss to the private beef eaters of the commu- nity. I cannot think that the difficulty is insur mountable, and believe that the Aldermen could see or feel their way through or over it if they would but put themselves energetically and determinedly to the task. The land near the race- course is certainly unsuitable, but even the opposition of a police superintendent might be broken down if properly resisted, and the suitable, and at present useless, piece of ground near the railway secured. In Orange, Goulburn, and other municipalities the corpor- ation sale yards are a most substantial and expansive source of revenue, besides being a great public convenience ; and in Bathurst similar yards would prove similarly convenient and remunerative. Will the Aldermen take the hint ? The Corporation funds are low, and are likely to be lower still when the water pipes are full for discharging, and a new and profitable industry like that indicated would surely prove a public benefit. SLOW WORK. Let me advise those who desire to see the perfection of the Government stroke to visit some of the country court houses during the sitting of some of the lower courts. It is there that the art of wasting time is most fully illustrated. The court now sitting in Bathurst has already furnished a good illustration, and jurors and others interested have cause to com plain. I don't believe in anything like undue haste in judicial matters, for when there is too much hurry justice may not be done, and suffering may be caused to the accused or to the Crown. But there is a medium in all things, and one cannot help thinking that lengthy deliverances from Judges are not ro quired when the jury have simply to decide upon clear facts, and when no point of law is involved. A good deal might be said upon this subject, but I have not time just now to say it, although if I thought that a word or two just now would have any effect I would make time. Perhaps, however, a hint might have some effect, and I here give it. Time is precious to jurymen, witnesses and reporters, however invaluable, it may be to Judges, Crown Prosecutors ahd others in wig and gown. DIPTHERIA. I know you will devour anything relating to tho complaint which has proved such a scourge in the past. Housewives say that simple remedies are the best, and a very simple remedy is claimed to have been discovered by tho French faculty, for croup and othor diphtheritic com plaints. It consists of lighting at the foot of the bed occupied by the child who has been seized with the malady, a morsel, of tar steeped in the essence of turpentine, placing at first in an earthen vessel* isolated from; tho floor. By keeping the room well closed, it is presently filled with a vapour;- which the little patient gradually inhales with pleasure. Very soon after the fumes have entered the respiratory organs of tho child,. tbe false membranes detach themselves and are expectorated, and the feeling, of suffocation is exchanged for a senso of relief. If new membranes present themselves the pro cess ha3 to be repeated, and it is recommended that the throat should afterwards be moistened, with a sponge dipped in water tinctured with the chlorate of potass. Tho remedy has been tried in several of the hospitals of Paris with a generally favourable result, and if successful there, what is to prevent it from proving successful here ? Tar and turpentine are within the reach of everyone, and are -as cheap as tiny are said to be effective. PROGRESS. Thk following is from tho land of big trees, big .pumpkins, and big jokes : — ' While dis am do aige of progress' said Brother Gardner, as ho rose up with a forco of 6801bs. to tho square inch, 'do. not progress too fast. Dar am sieh a thing as puttin' too much sugar on a sweetcake. ' Frinstance, progress has car'ied us past do pint whar wo kin stuff ole hats an' coats in do .winders in de place' of broken panes, but doan' jump to de conclushun dat you has to run in debt for lace curtains to keep up wid do times). ? ?? Progress has car'ied us past de pint whar' men believe in ghosts and goblins, but doan' emagino dat you am called upon to show yor smartness in ridiculin' any of do oncertain pas sages in de Bible, ' Progress has car'ied us past de pint whar religun forbids a man to enjoy bisself , but doan' fed called on to w'ar yer hoofs off in dancin', or to get so used to a pack of cards, tbat you shuffle yer knife and fork as soon as you sot down at de table. ' Progress . bos oarriod ub past do pint of bilin' taters wid do. hides ion, ? but thoy Las got to bo paid for all de same, an' you must'nt juago of a man's character by b'rin1 him order Sara toga' ohips.' -, ' Pr'gressno longer admits oar sons to w'ar out our old oloso, but whonyou ketch a young man hooin' co'n with broadcloth on bis legs, and a paste diamond in bis bilod shirt, yer can make up yer mine that Injun meal am gwino to take a rise of 50 cents on a hundred. ' Progress demands that ourobU'en be eddo catod, but bekasc yer boys can figgeroubo root, and yer girls chatter French, doan' miss do chance ' to l'arn do fust a good trade, and do second de art of bakin'. bread an' cookjn' bacon.', v'. ). ?.?? ' ; ?' ' ' Mr. Clibborn has shipped to Singapore 16 buggy horses and hacks to the order of Mr. Abrams, a gentleman who did a tour of the colonies some few months back. There are some remarkably nice pairs among the buggy horses, and being well-bred should command a ready sale. Two brothers were tried at Forbes the other day for horse-stealing, and sentenced to ten years' gaol. This is a trifle too hot, when we remember that a bank thief who takes £1,000 of £2,000 invariably gets off with a year or two. Judges are curious cattle, truly. Flies ind Buoa, Beetles, Iniccta, roaches, anta, beiljr buRB, rntn, mice, (fophem, chipmunlti, cleared out b ' Hough on llaU. . Moaeti, Moss & Co, Sydney, Agcnta. You CajV Be Happy if you will stop all tyour doctoring yourself and families with oxponaivo doctors or cure-alls that do only harm, and use Naturo's simplo romedies for all your ailmonts, you will bo well and happy and save great ex pense. Tho greatest remedy for this, the great, wise, and good will toll you, is Am. Co.'s Hop Bitters. '? ;♦..*.:/? ' ' T Prepare for a uliook I Mark Twain has rod hair. Hia. toco, howover, is a battlefield o! griria and w* inkkB. . 