CABINET COUNCIL EXTRA- '. ORDESTABY. [Pee Private Telephone.! Moxdat, Februabt 2. Present— All the 'Ministers except C.P.W. C. Sec (in the chair) — 2«ow gentlemen, we have most important business this afternoon, so I do hope we shall have no trifling and no bad language. On Saturday I got this tele gram from Playford (reads) — 'Disgusted at . report acquitting Thow. Of course I- resign. suggest you snould ask Mattinson .to take my place. Good bye !. I am off to Texas for three months. Shall probably resign my seat_ ? ~ for East Torrens.' There, gentlemen, what' do you think of the position now ? (Dong arid gloomy silence.) Come Baker, you've beenin and out of office before, what's your opinion? -,''?? M. J.E. — You know I have always told yoa that I thought we were letting Playford have too much of jiis own way in this matter, and a nice mess he lias led us into by being so head strong and tyrannical. I stayed away fr.iai church yesterday to think it over, and I fair we must all resign. . ? - - - C.C.L.— What, all of us ? Nonsense?! , A.G.— Resign ! great Caesar's ghost ! T. — (aghast) Resign I Just wh^eu th:v& \- -: beautiful taxation regulations are published, and everybody is po pleased with thsm ! ' ' M. J.E. — Shut . iip, Bsn, you are talkia-j ? . ? - about what yon don't understand ! ' ? : T. — Now, Dick, you're always chaSSnj mi (Looking out of window) — Why, there's Piay ford coming away from his office now! (ill crowd to the window, and watch C.P.W.) C.C.L. — And he's coming this way. ' '~ /. A.G. — Perhaps he has changed his mind. j Hooray ! ' ? C.S. (with dignity)— Pray gentlemen, bs seated. This is far too grave a question for yon young fellows to be larking about: [Enter C.P.W. with portmanteau]. C.P.W. — Good afternoon. (Shakes bands all round.) I suppose you did not expect to see me to-day after my telegram on Saturday, but just before the steamer left I thought I had better come back by her, or else it would look rather like running away, and I shouldn't like to be called a coward. . C.S. — Wen, we are all glad to see you. We were just talking the matter over when you came in. Have you reconsidered your resigna tion? C.P.W.— I have thought of little else since I got your telegram last week. I cannot say I was much surprised at the report, for I had begun to expect it, and told you so at our last . ' Cabinet meeting ; but how that Ad vertiter can ? - hear us talk, through their telephone bsats me Jtogether. . ' . M. J.E. — Ob, those are only fancy reports, you know. T.— Fancy reports ! They very often have the very words we use, and I can't imagine how the deuce they do it. — I beg your pardon, Sir. Colton, that was a lapsus linguee for which I apologise. C.S. (sternly). — I don't understand . your Latin words, but I do understand 'Deuce,' and I object to the word being used here. - Bat how about your resignation, Playford? C.P.W.— I feel that I have no alternative but to resign after what I said in Parliament. ' ? 5Iy opinion remains the same about these engineers, and I cannot understand how the board can have acquitted Mr. Thow so com pletely, but I feel that we ourselves appointed the board, and we must accept their verdict. I told Parliament that if Mais, Patterson, and Pendleton failed to prove their charges against Thow they would have to go. Of coarse I thought then that Thow would be the victuii, but now that the report is all the other way, I feel that I could not with any self respect re tain office, and dismiss Mais, Pafcfcersiiji, and Pendleton, while Thow, whom we iBi^e'-beOT.. ; - -.. prosecuting, remains in the service. - - ? . ^ . '' 'i -- - C.C.L.— But they say Thow is offered * r y?: better billet in Melbourne, and will go there.'/ /-. :-,^~- A.G. — And in that case the other three can ' -jr remain, and we can get another 'locomotive engineer, or do without one. . '.'-.' C.P.W.— I believe Mr. Thow can get a. good appointment in Victoria, bat his leaving would not remove the difficulty. I am very son-y that all this has occurred, bat my mind is quite made up that I must resign, and ia fact I liave just been to the office to cleir out my drawers and pigeon-holes ready for my successor. So now I must say, good-bye ! Before leaving you I wish to say that I have been thinking about Symon's bill, which I suppose will be £500 or £600. There will ba a great row about this, and I shall be ready to pay my sixth of the amount out of my own pocket if the rest of you will do the same. I feel that we ought not to have engaged Mr. Symon at all, and that certainly he ought utft to be paid with public money. If the Treasurer gets an excess warrant for it, and the amount appears among the excesses, I don't believe the House would pass it, and Symon ivould lose his seat ' for the Sturt under the Can tractors Act. I think Mais, Patterson, and Pendleton should pay part of Mr. Symon'a bill, if not the whole of it, but I am willing to = pay my share whenever called on. By the way, what do you think about my resigning my seat for East Torrens? Ought I to do so? All— Certainly not ! Absurd ! O_ p. '\v. — I am glad you think that I am not called upon to do so, for I am not at all ? sure about getting in again just at piese-ie. Well, good-bye all. 1 wish you well thr.v.r^i your troubles. (Going.) .. - ^ $. _. One nsunieiit, Playford, before yiii go. ?Were you serious in sujg-e-stiiisr Mattin- j son as your successor? j C. P. W*.— Well I own I was rather excited when I scribbled that telegram last week, which was half in jest and half ill earnest. B-Jt I would not presume to offer any advice as to ?what you should do now I have resigned, and I must decline any further responsibility iu the present position of affairs. I shall quietly wait till the clouds roll by. (Exit singing-.) j C.S. — Well, gentlemen, what are we to do j novr that Playford has resigned '? I rather j agree with Baker that we had batter resign j altogether, as I cannot see who will join us. I Mattinson, of course, is quite out of the ques tion, and so is Coglin. C.C.L.— If Playford will take his old place as Crown Lands, I'll try my hand at Public Works. The squatters have got their Pastoral Bill, and will not object to him now as niuch as i they did last year. j T.— Or if Playford will take the Treasury I will be Commissioner of Public -Works. I would rather have a row with the engineers than a row with the taxpayers j generally, and especially with the female tax- j payers. j A.G. — I suppose PlayfoTd would not do for j Attorney-General, as he is not a lawyer, or : else I would exchange. ? j M.J.E.— Shut up, Charley; unkind people ? . say you are not a lawyer, but still you are ! Attomey-GeneraL If Playford likes to take icy post, I am not afraid of the engineers, and I will take Public Works. C.S. (oracularly) — As you have all given your opinion, perhajis you will allow me to give mine as the head of the Government. (Hear, hear.) Personally I feel that if PZay ford insists on leaving us we had bstter all resign at once — ('Kb, no')— for I ani getting tired of official work, and I feel that I want a holiday. But if we can persuade Playfcrd to exchange with one of us, I feel * that I am the best man for public works, and that I made a mistake in not taking that post when we formed the Ministry last year. I dont think Mais and Patterson would have Lad it all their own way with me as Commis sioner. If you would like me to write to Playford, suggesting this, I will do so, and in vite him to another meeting to-morrow. I can still remain as Premier, though Playford is Chief Secretary, like Bray and Ramsay arranged last year. All— Very well, we agree to that. C.S. — All right, then I'll send a trooper with a note to Playford. at once, and we'll now adjourn till to morrow. Not a word to the Press, Blind ; and, Baker, tell Todd to stop that telephone between here and the Adver tiser. [Curtain. 