THE MOVEMENTS OF THE FORCES. 'After a rather wearisome and monotonous hour had been occupied in watching the forceB drawn np in one long double, line, which ex? tended the whole length of the parade and along . that part of Moore Bark temporarily enclosed \- for the- use of the Permanent Force and the Cavalry Corps, bis Excellency the Governor ar- ... rived. , Lord- Augustus Loftus was accompanied by the Hon. W. B. Dalley, Captain Loftus, aide- de camp, and Mr. Unwin, private secretary ; and they were escorted by the Sydney Light Horse. . Immediately npon their arrival the movements of < the forces commenced. The united bands played the National Anthem, and the field batteries of the Permanent Force fired n salute. -The general staff, consisting of Colonel Bichardson, Colonel Roberts, Major Mackenzie, Major Taunton, Surgeon-Major Williams, und Lieutenant Sparrow, having saluted his 'Excel lency; rode over the field to instruct the officers in. command of the companies. The escort from the Sydney Light Horse joined their comrades. The' staff having taken up their position, tho "militarr'.nnfl nnvnl lmnria rrtntnliwt tn tllft rettltrt . ofctbe field, the vice-regal party and select com pany of visitors occupying a place in tho ..rantreqof - the northern border of the. lint) of ; inarch. The first evolution was breaking ih'to'-'- "'uiirtcr-columii, after which tho regiments in column marched past the Cover- ::nor.-..;The: Sydney Light Horse composed thu escort, - followed by the Illawarru and West Camden Light Horse Corps. They were almost .without exception well mounted. Two grey horees in the whole company of cavalry wero somehow unpleasantly conspicuous. They . managed their horses splendidly, keeping Ilium so well in hand that the horses marched past ?uite as well,' if not better ,thau several of tho oot companies thnt followed. It was, how ever, '.too distinctly' "lioticeublu that of .the '. cayaliy officers, Captain M'Dontild was the only one who saluted his Ex cellency properly. To give the mounted salute with faultless exactness requires some attention' and practice, and Ilia gouoral efficiency of mounted men turn officers Is apt to :;:.be:,udged -by, onlookers from the manner ,la which this duty is performed. l.u nearly every other, movement made by tho Cuvairry Corps . on Saturday they displayed grout progress, as well as their ambitious military uplift. If there was any other excoptlou than that alluded to It ..was, tne apperance of real or luiuglunry oou- -fusion by the loudness and f requouuy of tho orders given when the cavalry were breaking into sections. As we have already Indicated, the' : wretched,' awkward mid disgraceful \- marching' of several companies of Infantry ; should-- not ho allowed longer to escape the . attention of theofficors. Indued It was not allowed to cocape the attention of the pooptu in tho mnroh past oh Saturday afteruooii. True, the country ccrps were the worst In this respect, but eaoli :. of ;tbe metropolitan regiments lind sevornl vory : imperfect; ranks. It appeared as If thoy Im agined, that nil that was nacussary for offoat /was to keep stop with their eyes front, porfoctiy -unmindful of how much thejfSvoro further \- ahead or behind of cotumdus in the same rank, ; ; They reminded us of soitiu of our railways ; and ... as there la little boauly in a vory luuuh onrved lino , of .volunteers, wo strongly advise the officers to make an effort to reform this alto gether.' True, it was noticeable that tho inurohing iwas not tmprovod bv the recruits of tlio metro- polltan regiments; hut tlio pnlpahlo fact that . inefficient , attention Is given to marching efficiency, both by officers und iueu should no longer ho overlooked. In tlio inareli paBt wo weroicompellod to look outside of tlio four : : metropolitan- roglmoutii of infantry for a ills- . ..tinguUhlng exception, though wo freely admit . that .In eaoh regiment sovornl ranks Icoptox- ',' cOllcut lines. Tho Toraodo Corps marched bettor than any mfnutry lugtinont taken as ono body, though not 'so good as two or throo Infantry . . oompauies. Tho distinguishing axeoptlons wero the, infantry, suutlon of tlio Peraiiineut Artlllory, .tlio.Navul Artlllury Volunteers, nud the Nuvni Brigade. "The host time and tlio alralghlcst '-lilies' were kopl by the Naval Artillery Tolas- . tetfs ) and hut for the teudeiioy tho mon lmvo „;.for, swinging their arms— a fault conspicuously ...absent, .fit., the , Naval Brlgado, which tollowod thorn— thoy would liavo takou tlio palm for ' marching. ; Of oourio porfoot marching to not ' tho til ghost aim of military training ; but a -revluw, such us that hold on Saturday, Is littlo ..ebc.hnt a iimt'ohlug oxlilhltlon. Marohing is an ... ev.olutlon which tho veriest novlco In military matters can Judge | ami when badly performed, 1 u» It undoubtedly was on Saturdav aftornoon, ' those who observe It aro In their ridicule too .apt .to uUow all-round eillcteuoy and discipline to t-omit for. nothing, . After the. march past in oolnmn, tlio com- paulus In iiuartor-column ordor returned, when uh Improvement was manifested In their march- ring, nttrtbutnlilo iiminly to tlio dooreusod sizo of . the ranks. '/Tho subsequent movomonts wore lu uecordanco with tlio Instructions issued to tlio officers, consisting merely of each regiment moving Into Us jilaco In tlio lino of quartcr- ooldiun | tlio cavalry being formed In lino tn front, nil afterwards ndvmioliig in review order, Tlio order of pnrado was as follows ,!. Sydney Light Iiovso ... Dapto and West Oamdon Corps Field Battory Permanent Artillery ' ' ' Field Battorv Toluutocr Artlllerv ' ' Permanent Artlllory - ' Volunteer Artillery , Torpedo Corps . . Engineers 1st Boglment VJ, Slid Roglmont Y.l. , : ' llnl Roglmont T.I. , ' dill Regtmont T.I. Naval Artillery Yolunteors 1 Naval Brigade ' ' ' Field Battery Naval Brigade. ' All tue soeuons oi cavalrv were under the coiumnml of Captain M'Donnld, Lieutonant- Colcuiel Itnyiuoud commanded tlio 1st Regimont of ' Infantry, Lloutoimnt-Colonol Goodlett tho 2nd, Lieutenant-Colonel Holborow tho Ord, aud ' Llentonuut-Oolouel Wilkinson the -tth. Major . Mowowas lu command of tho Engineers, Major Walker tlio Torpedo Covps ; tho Naval Brigade «;;!( NavaT Artillery Volunteers being In the \- - clmtgo of Captain Hixsoii.nnd Lieutenant Lee , respectively. The otlior commanding officers werev Colouol Murphy, Permanent Artillery; Ooliinpl Spalding,' Fiold Batteries j Major Rera- lugtou,.. Volunteer ArtiUory, tCaptaln Strong was in elinrgo of tho Cadet Corps, the ranks of which numbered botwoon 600 and 000. They took no active part in the reviow. .- . Amongst those admitted 'to that part of tho ground sot opart for the salute of his Excellency were Sir Patrick Jointings, K.O.M.Q„M.P.,Hon. Sir Alfrort Stephen, 0»B«, Q.O.M.Q-, (Lloutonant- Governor of Now South Wales), tho Mavor of Sydney (Alderman T. Playfatr), the Speaker of the Legislative- Assembly IfHon. Edmund Barton, if, A;), tho Hon. F, A. Wright (Minister of Publtq Works), several members of the Legislative Assembly, three Gorman naval officers; tho newly-appotnted Instructors of artillery aud onglneors, and a largo number of officers' wives and ladies of well-known house holds. . . The'followiug Is a complete list of the officers who took part in the review on Saturday : General StaiE. — Majqr-Goheral J. S. Richard son. O.B, (commandant), Colonel O. F. Roberts, u.-oi.u. (.comm&namg; tne artlllory forces), Assistant Adjutant-General Major Mackenzio, Brigade Paymastor Lieutonant-Colonel Thos.. Baylies, .Doputy- Assistaut Quartermaster-Gene ral Major J. E. D. Taunton, Captain Cuthell (in structor of musketry), Lieutenant and Adjutant Savage, P/A., Quartermaster H.' Le Messurier, Burgeon-Major Williams. Medical Staff.— Dr; G. 'F. Dansey, P.M.O., Snrgeotis P. M'Donagh, Jas. lPLood.Fdk. Wad- ham, Stanhope H. M'Cullough. . Permanent Artillery Forces.— Colonel Roberts, O.M.G. (commanding), Lieut.-CoIoncl Spalding, 03I.G.', Lieut.-Colonel Murphoy, Lieut. -Colonel Airey,- Captain Murray, Captain Baynes, and Lioutenants: H. Le Patouel, H. P. Airey, Pffi, . Pleydell Bouverie, F.B., and G. H. Morris, P.A. , Sydney Light Horse.— Captain M. M'Donald VolunteerrtUlory.'— Major J. 0. Remington, Captalnianil Adjutant Jnmes S. Wigram, Cap- talusiiPerey -. Owen,; Henry .' Chapman, James :.Ktrkaldy, Adam Machinlav, Henry 0. MacCabe, Jt. Kyngdon, W. ,\Y. Wren, Lieutenants , W.' G.'Bobertaon. O.'B. Alroy; J. E. Agkar.'O. J.-LesterrjyM.' SinaU;-:T.. D.!h. Eosto?A.' T.- "Prtngle,: J; JviImnEdonivPerey T.k'Ore.'Willtaia! >l(SKMf» ,v i ,aauKittwer. ciarp8.-r-maor-' i nomas' llowe ' (com-" I ' . mimmng),.C»pialnT.: a.ParroU,"Ltent«tianti;l ' O. SrCansdoU andHiP.R. Copolahd;'; i/.':' I >;l i'i if, iTorpodo and . StgnalUng Corpa.— Major. P. B. I 'Walker ! . (commanding);' Captain - Wa i. Wllson J . ... 1st- Lieutenants Alfrcct Broughton, Thos. Ham- jgiond, '.T. Y.1 Nolaou, J. 8. Alexander j :'.2nft '"Lieutenants B. Bedford, J. B. Scrogglo, R. B. P. Hlckson and J, E. Squier. 1 ' . . First Regiment Volunteer Infantry.— Lteut.- Colonel ll. P. Raymond (commanding), Captain and Adjutant M. W. Bayley, Captains AY. T. Farrell, 0. A. Wllson, W. Johnston, J. H. Morris, H. Blackshaw (Goulburn), George Davidson- (Mudgco), H. B, Fitzhniiiinge (Wagga), G. B. Nichols (Moss Yale), 1st; Lieu tenants J. W. MKlntehoon, W. Orama, O. E. Finch, W. F. Woods, Robert .George, 2nd Lieu tenants H. C. L. Anderson, V. Le Gay Brereton, Ohas. Swanston, David Miller.' "> Second Regiment Toluntoer Infantry. — Licut.- Colonel John IT. Goodlat.(comuuiud Ing) ; .Major and Adjutant'Cimrlcs George Norris'; Captains, J. W. Gnlse, H. J. Chlsholm. W. F. Longfield, W- MiUard (tniaduUa), W. Bunmt;. AThos.. Honey (Klama), S. Magulre ' (MolongA, ; and Henry Lovibonu (AVelllnglon) j '.1st Lieuten ants Donald Frasor, Aloxr. Frascr, W; P.' Mul- holland, Jas. Cook (tJUadulla), G.'B. Stack,S,. M'Cllntock ' (Ktaina), 2nd ' Lieutenants - H. , F. Chilcott, Alex. Guohrist, J. S. :E. Mason, 0. H. Wilkinson, Homy nonoy (Klama). . i Third Regiment Volunteer Infantry.— Lieut- Colonel AT. 11. Holborow (commanding), Major Alfred Paul, Captain and Adjutant' James Hill, Captains H. Byrnes ( Parramatta), W. F. Ltnsley (\Ytndsor), Edwin Curtis. (Bathurst), J. A. AVharrio (Blaynoy) , 1st IJcntemmts, 0; S., Guest ( Richmond Jl hos. Barnott (Parramatta) Jas. Andorson (Windsor), Jamos " Oassldy (Bathurst), J. G.Loggo (LIthgow),! W. J.'Hlll (Penrith), 2nd Lieutenants, W. if. Ferris iirurramiiuaj, n. u. ,r oou (.uuiuum,, .. uum Dal ton (Orange). . " ' Fourth Roglmont Volunteer. Infantry (Northern District). — Lieutenant-Colonel A. AVIlkinsou (commanding), Major 0. F.' StokcB, Captains 0. M. Ranclaud (Newcastle), A. J. Gould (Singleton) j R. A. 'AVaddy, (Mor- mn. II. S. Ohlppandnio, (ATailscnd) : R." itzgcrald rMuswollhrook), ' J. B.' Nash (Lambtou). 1st Lteutanants Q/iJ; Burnage (Newcastle), A. 8. Bowman (Singleton), Ay. J. Sloan (htuttlnnd), 2nd Lloutonants W. W. Robinson (Singlotou), J. AV.. Scobio (Mait- land) ) Archibald Ijangwlll (Newcastle), J. A. Nollsen (AYaUsond), J. G. ' Grayston (Tam- worth). Lieutenant and Adjutant M. M. Boam, ; Artillery nnd Public School : Codot Corps.— Oaptaln Strong (commanding), Captain J. E. Gray, City of London Artlllory (unattached).' Tbo Cadot Corps mustered 606 of all ranks. Naval Forces. — I! .M.O.S. Wolverine, Lieut. - Commaudor Taylor, R.N (commanding), Llcutomilits Bosanuuot nnd Smith, Paymaster Thomas, Mr. Costollo, B.N., gunner | and 44 seamen aud petty officers. Nuvnl Brlgado,— Oupt. IHwon (commanding). Commanders Llndomau, U.N., Lowlhgton' nnd Cross, Lieutenants Jackson, Gardiner, Part ridge, R.N., Connor, R.N., Deloit, Ylctor Cohon nml AVUsdii, Hub-lluutenunts Brooinfleld, .Gil- lllltMl QUU utlCOIlBi JlldflUlptnon Hi 111X8011 ,! Hlxxon, AT. Spall! AAr. Day, 8. Day, F. Wright, 0\. M'Farlauo, Talt, Lamb, B. Blnnie nnd AT. Blniile. , , Naval Cadets carrying the Colonial Colors,— T. J. Falge und A. B. Manning. Medical Staff, with Ambulance Corps.— Staff- surgcou Owon Evans, Surgeons Knaggs, Baker nuilKuudull. - . Naval Volnnteer Artillery Coras.— Lieutenant Loo (commanding, Lieutenant Kenneth Stuart, Sub-Iiuutcuaiits Nowsliiim., Newman, Bell ' and Kcatlngs, Actlng-piiyumster Cavlll. 