THE GHOST'S TOTJCH. By WHiKIE COLLINS. Published by special arrangement with the author. AU rights reserved ] SECOND PAET. V. Disturbed by presentiments, Mr. Rayburn returned to his house on foot, by way of trying what exercise would do towards composing Mb mind. The experiment failed. He went upstairs and played with_ Lucy ; he drank an extra glass of wine at ^Tim-T - be took the child and her governess' to a circus in the evening; he ate a little sapper, fortified by another glass of \- wine, before he went to bed— and still those vague forebodings of evil persisted in torturing him. Looking back through his past life he asked himself if any woman (his late wife of course excepted !) had ever taken the pre dominant place in his thoughts which Mrs. *^smf: tifu? suwnmfti — vritfinnf: jutv ^ifwiv^raliln reason' to account for it? If he had ventured to answer hie own question, the reply would have been — Never ! All the next day he waited at home in ex pectation of _ Mr. _ John Zanfs promised visit, and waited in vain. Towards evening the parlormaid appeared at the family tea-table, and presented to her master an unusually large envelope, sealed with black wax, and addressed in a strange handwriting. The absence of stamp and post mark showed that it had been left at the house by a messenger. ' Who brought this?' Mr. Eayburn asked. ' .A, lady, bit — in deep mourning.' ' Did she leave any message ?' 'No, sir.' Having drawn the inevitable conclusion, Mr. Uaybum shut himself up in his library. He was afraid of Lucy's curiosity and Licy's . questions, if he read Mrs. Zant's letter in his daughter's presence. Looking at the open envelope after he had taken out the leaves of writing which it con tained, he noticed these lines traced inside the cover. ' My one excuse for troubling yon, when I might have consulted my brother-in-law, will be found in the pages which I enclose. If we had been strangers in the common meaning of the word, I should not have ventured to in trude myself on your attention. But I have produced an impression on you (without any design to do so) which has set me is the light ©f a woman to be pitied. To speak plainly, yon have been led to fear that I am not in my right senses. For this very reason I now appeal to you. 'Your dreadful doubt of me, sir, is my doubt too. Read what I have written about myself— and then tell me, I entreat you, which X am — A person who has been the object of a supernatural revelation? or an unfortunate creature who is only fit for imprisonment in a madhouse ?' Mr. Eayburn opened the manuscript. With steady attention, which soon quickened to breathless interest, he read what follows : — VL Yesterday morning the sun shone in a clear blue sky, after a succession of cloudy days, counting from the first of the month. The radiant light had its animating eSect on my poor spirits. I had passed the night more peacefully than usual, -undisturbed by the dream -so cruelly familiar to me that my lost husband is etfll living — the dream from which I always wake in tears. Never, since the dark days of my sorrow, have I been so little troubled by the self-tormenting fancies and fears which beset miserable women as 'when I left the house arid turned my steps towards Kensington Gardens for the first .time since any husband's death. Attended by my only companion, the little dog who had been his favorite as well as mine, I went to the quiet corner of the gardens which is nearest to Kensington. On that soft grass, under the shade of those trees, we had loitered together in the days of -mr bethrothaL It was his favorite walk; and he had taken me to see it in the early days of our acquaintance. There, he had first asked me to be his wife. There, we had felt the rapture of our first kiss. It was surely natural that I should wish to see once more a place .sacred to such memories as these? lam only twenty-three years old; I have no child to .comfort me, no companion of my own age, nothing to love bat the dumb creature who is so faithfully fond of me. . I went to the tree under which we stood, when my dear one's eyes told his love before he could titter it in words. The sun of that vanished day shone on me again ; it was the same noontide hour; the same solitude was around me. I had feared the first effect of the dreadful contrast between past and present. K q ! I was quiet and resigned. My thoughts rising higher than earth, dwelt on the better life beyond the grave. Some tears came into my eyes. But I was not unhappy. My memory of all that happened may be trusted, even in trifles which relate only to myself —I was not unhappy. The first object that I saw, when my eyes were clear again, was the dog. He crouched a few paces away from me, trembling, pitiably, but tittering no cry. What had caused the fear that iad -overpowered him ? I was soon to know. I called to the dog ; he remained immovable —conscious of some mysterious coming thing that held him spellbound. I tried to go 'to the poor creature, and fondle and comfort jbim. '-..'. At the first step forward that I took, some thing stopped me. ?' It was not to be seen, and not to be heard. It stopped me. The still figure of the doe disappeared from I my view: the lonely scene round Tnedisap- t peared — excepting the light from heaven, the tree that sheltered me, and the grass in front of me. A sense of unutterable expectation kept my eyes rivetted on the grass. Suddenly I saw its myriad blades rise erect and shiver ing. The fear came to me of something passing over them with the invisible swiftness of the wind. The shivering advanced. It was all round me. It crept into the leaves of the trees over my head ; they shuddered, without a sound to tell of their agitation: their pleasant natural rustling was struck dumb. The songs of the birds had ceased. The cries of the water-fowl on the pond were heard no more. There was a dreadful silence. But the lovely sunshine poured down on me as brightly as ever. In that dazzling light, in that fearful silence, I felt an invisible presence near me. It touched me gently. At the touch my heart throbbed with an overwhelming joy. Exquisite pleasure thrilled through every nerve in my body. I knew him ! From the unseen world — himself unseen — he had returned to me. Oh, I knew him ! And yet my helpless mortality longed for a sign that might give me assurance of the truth. The yearning in me shaped itself into words. I tried to utter the words. I would have said, if I could have spoken — ' Oh, my angel, give me a token that it is you !' But I was like a person struck dumb — I could only think it. The Invisible Presence read my thought. I felt my lips touched, as my husband's lips used to touch them when he kissed me. And that was my answer. A thought came to me again. I would have said, if I could have spoken — ' Are you here to take me to the better world ?' I waited. Nothing that I could feel touched me. I was conscious of thinking- once more. I would have said if I could have spoken, ' Are you here to protect me ?' I felt myself held in a gentle embrace as my husband's arms used to hold me when he pressed me to his breast. And that was my answer. The touch that was like the touch of his lips, lingered and was lost; the clasp that was like the clasp of his arms pressed me and fell away. The garden scene resumed its natural aspect. I saw a human creature near, a lovely little girl looking at me. At that moment, when I was my own lonely self again, the sight of the child soothed and attracted me. I advanced, intending to speak to her. To my horror I suddenly ceased to see her. She disappeared as if I had been stricken blind. And yet I could see the landscape round me ; I could see the heaven above me. A time passed — onlv a few minutes, as I thought — and the child became visible to me again, walking hand-in-hand with her father. I ap proached them ; I was close enough to see that they were looking at me with pity and sur prise. My impulse was to ask if they saw anything strange in my face or my manner. Before I could speak the horrible wonder hap pened again. They vanished from my view. Was the Invisible Presence still near? Was it passing between me and my fellow mortals ; forbidding communication in that place and at that time ? It must have been so. When I turned away in my ignorance, with a heavy heart, the dreadful bkmkness which had twice shut out from me the beings of my own race, was was not between me and my dog. The poor little creature filled me with pity ; I called him to me. He moved at the sound of my voice, and followed me languidly ; not quite awakened yet from the trance of terror that had possessed him. Before I had retired by more than a few steps, I thought I was conscious of the Presence again. I held out my longing arms to it. I waited in the hope of a touch to tell me that I might return. Perhaps I was answered by indirect means ? I only know that a resolu tion to return to the same place, at the same hour, came to me, and quieted my mind. The morning of the next day was dull and cloudy; but the rain held off. I set forth again to the gardens. My dog ran on before me into the street— and stopped ; waiting to see in which direc tion I might lead the way. When I turned towards the gardens, he dropped behind me. In a little while I looked back. He was fol lowing me no longer; he stood irresolute. I called to him. He advanced a few steps hesitated — and ran back to the house. I went on by myself. Shall I confess my superstition ? I thought the dog's desertion of me a bad omen. Arrived at the tree, I placed myself under it. The minutes followed each other uneventfully. The cloudy sky darkened. The dull surface of the grass showed no shuddering consciousness of an unearthly creature passing over it. I still waited, with an obstinacy which was fast becoming the obstinacy of despair. How long an interval elapsed while I kept watch on the ground before me, I am not able to say. I only know that a change came. Under the dull grey light I «aw the grass* move — but not as it bad moved on the day before. It shrivelled as if a flame had scorched it. No flame appeared. The brown under lying earth showed itself winding onward in a thin istrip — which might have been a footpath traced in lire. It frightened me. I longed for the protection of the Invisible Presence; I prayed for a warning of it if danger was near. A touch answered me. It was as if a hand unseen had taken my hand — had raised it little by little— had left it, pointing to the scorched brown path that wound towards me over the grass'. I looked to the far end of the path. By fine degrees, a shadow rose in the dis tance. Higher and higher it grew, while it moved nearer and nearer. It advanced to the place in which I stood. The unseen hand closed on my hand with a warning pressure. The revelation of the coming danger was near me— I waited for it ; I saw it. The central depths of the shadow opened, and showed slowly the glimmer of a ghastly light. In the light a man's face appeared. It looked at me. It was the face of my husband's brother — John Zant. The consciousness of myself as a living crea ture left me. I knew nothing ; I felt nothing ; I was dead. When the torture of revival made me open my eyes, I found myself on the grass. Gentle hands raised my head, at the moment when I recovered my senses. Who had brought me to life again ? Who was taking care of me ? I looked upward, and saw — bending over me — John Zant. VIL There the manuscript ended. Some lines had been added on the last page ; but they had been so carefully erased as to be illegible. 'These words of explanation ap peared below the cancelled sentences : — 'I had begun to write the little that re mains to be told, when it struck me that I might, unintentionally, be exercising an unfair influence on your opinion. Let me only remind you that I believe absolutely in the supernatural revelation which I have endea vored to describe. Remember this — and decide for me what I dare not decide for myself.' There was no serious obstacle in the tray of compliance -with this request. Judged from the point of view of the of the materialist, Mrs. Zant might no doubt be the victim of illusions (produced by a diseased state of the nervous system) which have been known to exist — as in the cele brated case of the bookseller, Nicolai, of Berlin — without being accompanied oy derangement of the intellectual powers. But Mr. Rayburn was not asked to solve any such intricate prob lem as this. He had been merely instructed to read the manuscript and to say what im pression it had left on him of the mental con dition of the writer, whose doubt of herself had been, in all probability, first suggested by remembrance of the illness from which she bad suffered — brain fever. Under these circumstances there could be little difficulty in forming an opinion. The memory which had recalled, and the judg ment which had arranged the succession of events related in the narrative spoke for them selves, and revealed a mind in full possession of all its resources. Having satisfied himself so far Mr. Rayburn abstained from considering the more serious question suggested by what he had read. At _ any nine his habits of life and his ways of thinking would have rendered him unfit to weigh the arguments which assert or deny supernatural interposition among the creatures of earth. Bat his mind was now so dis turbed by the startling record of experience which he had just read that he was only conscious of feeling certain impressions, with out possessing the'eapacity to reflect on them. That his anxiety on Mrs. Zant's account had been increased, and that his doubts of Mr. John Zant had been encouraged, were the only practical results of the confidence placed in h-m of which he was thus tar aware. In the ordinary exigercies of life a man of hesitating disposition, his interest in Mrs. Zant's welfare, and bis desire so discover -what had passed between her brother-in-law and herself after their meeting in the gardens, urged him into instant action. In half an hour more he had arrived at her lodgings. He was at once ad mitted. vin. Mrs. Zant was alone, in an imperfectly lit room. I hope you will excuse the bad light,' she paid ; 'my head has been burning as if the fever had come back again. Oh, don't go away ! After what I have suffered, you don't know how dreadful it is to be alone.' The tone of her voice told him that she had been crying. He at once tried the best means of setting the poor lady at ease by telling her of the conclusion at which he. had arrived after reading her manuscript. The happy result showed itself instantly : her face brightened, her manner changed; she was eager to hear more. - - 'Have I produced any other impression on, you?' she asked. _He understood the allusion. Expressing sincere respect for her own convictions, he told her honestly that he was not prepared to say more. Grateful for the tone in which he had answered her, she wisely and delicately j changed the subject. _ , ' 1 must speak to you of my brother-in-law,' ' she said. 'He has told me of your visit ; and ' I am anxious to know what you think of him. | Do you like Mr. John Zant ?' Mr. Rayburn hesitated. I The care-worn look appeared again in her 1 face. ' If you had felt as kindly towards him as he feels towards you,' she said, ' I might have gone to St. Ann's with a lighter heart.' Mr. Rayburn thought of the supernatural appearances described at the close of her narrative. 'You believe in that terrible warning,' he remonstrated ; 'and yet, you go to your brother-in-law's house !' 'I believe,' she answered, 'in the spirit of the man who loved me, in the days of his earthly bondage. I am under hit protection. What have I to do but to cast away my fears, and to wait in faith and hope ? It might have helped my resolution, if a friend had been near to encourage me.' She paused, and smiled sadly. 'I must remember,' she re sumed, 'that your way of understanding my position is not my way. I ought to have told you that Mr. John Zant feels needless anxiety about my health. He declares that he will not lose sight of me until his mind is at ease. It is useless to attempt to alter his opinion. He says my nerves are shattered — and who that sees me can doubt it ? He tells me that my only chance of gettiug better is to try change of air and perfect repose — how can I contradict him? He reminds me that I have no relation but himself, and no house open to me but his own— and God knows he is right !' She said those hist words in accents of melan choly resignation, which grieved the good man -whose one merciful purpose was to serve and console her. He spoke impulsively, with the freedom of an old friend. ' I want to know more of you and Mr. John Zant, than I know now, 'he said. ' My motive is a better one than mere curiosity. Do you believe that I feel a sincere interest in you ?' 'With my whole heart.' That reply encouraged him to proceed with what he hadto say. ' When you recovered from your fainting-fit,' he began, ' Mr. John Zant asked questions, of course?' 'He asked what could possibly have happened, in such a quiet place as Kensington Gardens, to make me faint.' ' And how did you answer?' 'Answer? I couldn't even look at him 1' 'You said nothing?' 'Nothing. I don't know what he thought of me ; he might have been surprised, or he might have been offended.' 'Is he easily offended?' Mr. Rayburn asked. 'Not in my experience of him.' 'Do you mean your experience of nim before your illness?' 'Yes. Since my recovery, his engagements with patients have kept him away from London. I have not seen him since he took these lodgings (or me. But he is always considerate. He has written more than once to beg that I will Dot think him neglectful, and to tell me (what I knew already through my poor husband) that he has no money of his own, and must live by bis profession.' 'In your husband's lifetime, were the two brothers on good terms.' ' Always. The one complaint I ever heard my husband make of John Zant was that he didn't come to see us often enough after our marriage. Is there some wickedness in him which we have never suspected? It may be — but how can it be? I have every reason to be grateful to the man against whom I have been supernaturally warned ! His conduct to me has been always perfect. I 'can't tell you what I owe to his influence in quieting my mind, when the dreadful doubt arose about my husband's death.' j 'Do you mean doubt if he died a natural I death?' j 'Oh, no ! no ! He was dying of rapid con- i sumption — but his sudden death took the : doctors by surprise. One of them thought that he might have taken an overdose of his . sleeping drops by mistake. The other over- ! ruled bun, or there might have been an inquest in the house. Oh, don't speak of it anymore ! Let us talk of something else. Tell me when I shall see you again.' 'I hardly know. When do you and your brother- in-law leave London ?' ' To-morrow.' She looked at Mr. Rayburn with a piteous entreaty in her eyes ; she said timidly, 'Do 'you ever go to the seaside, and take your dear little girl with you?' The request, at which ehe had only dated to hint, touched on the idea which was at that moment in Mr. Ray burn's mind. Interpreted by his strong prejudice against John Zant, what she had said of her brother in-law filled h'' with forebodings of peril to herself; all- the more powerful in their influence, for this reason — that he shrank from distinctly realising them. If an other person had been present at the interview, and had said to mm afterwards— ' That man's reluctance to visit his sisterin law while her husband was Iiving4s associated with a secret sense of guilt which her inno cence cannot even imagine ; he, and he alone, knows the cause of her husband's sudden death ; his feigned anxiety about her health is adopted as the safest means of enticing her into his house1' — if- those formidable conclu sions had been urged on Mr. iiayburn he would have felt it his duty to reject them as unjustifiable aspersions on an absent man. And yet, when he took leave that evening of Mrs. Zant, he had pledged himself to give Lucy a holiday at the seaside ; and he had said, without blushing, that the child really deserved it as a reward for general good con duct and attention to her lessons. IX. Three days later the father and daughter arrived towards evening at St. Ann's-on-Sea. They found Mrs. Zant waiting at the station. The poor woman's joy on seeing them ex pressed itself like the joy of a child. ' Oh, I am so glad ! so glad !' was all she could say when they met. Lucy was half-smothered with kisses, and was made, supremely happy by a present of the finest doll she had ever possessed. Mrs. Zant accompanied her friends to the rooms which had been secured at the ; hotel. She was able to speak confidentially ? to Mr. Rayburn while Lucy was in the balcony , hugging her doll and looking at the sea. The one event that had happened during ? Mrs. Zant's short residence at St. Ann's was j the departure of her brother-in-law that morn ing for London. He had been called away for a few hours by business ; his housekeeper ex pected that he would return in time for dinner. As to bis conduct towards Mrs. Zant, he was not only as attentive as ever, he was almost oppressively affectionate in his language and manner. There was no service that a man could render which he had not eagerly offered to her. He declared that he already perceived an improvement in her health; he congratu lated her on having decided to stay in his house ; and, as a proof perhaps of his sincerity, he had repeatedly pressed her hand. ' Have you any idea what all this means?' she said simply. Mr. Rayburn kept his idea to himself. He professed ignorance, and asked next what sort of person the housekeeper was. I Mrs. Zant shook her head ominously. ! ' Such a strange creature,' she said, ' and in the habit of taking such liberties that I begin to be afraid she is a little crazy.' ' Is she an old woman ?' 'No — only middle-aged. This morning, i after her master had left the house, she ac- j fatally asked me what I thought of my brother- i in-law ! I told her, as coldly as possible, that I thought he was very kind. She was quite insensible to the tone in which I had spoken ; ?? she went on from bad to worse. ' Do you call him the sort of man who would take the fancy of a young woman?' was her next question, j She actually looked at me (I might have been j wrong ; and I hope I was) as if the ' young woman ' she had in her mind was myself ! I paid, 'I don't think of such things, and I don't talk about them.' Still, she was not in the least discouraged; she made a per sonal remark next : ' Excuse me ; bat you do look wretchedly pale. I thought ehe seemed to enjoy the defect in my complexion ; I really believe it raised me in her estimation. She invited me to go down stairs with her, and look at the master's work shop. The place was a puzzle to her— and she would like to have my opinion on it. * He mixes things in his workshop,' she said— 'I mean things that he powders and things that he boils. Sometimes they burst and make a noise ; and, sometime?, they hiss and make a tmelL Poisons, I dare Bay. Come and have a look at the place ; I know where he keeps '1 he key.3 Ot course, I refused. She was just as friendly and familar as ever. ' We shall get on better in time,' she said ; ' I'm beginning to like you.' She walked out humming a tune. Don't you agree with me? Don't you think she's crazy ?' ' I think you w«re quite right not to* ac company her to the scene of her master's chemical experiments. Does she look as if : he might have been a pretty woman at one time of her life?' ' Not the sort of pretty woman whom I ad mire !' Mr. Rayburn smiled. 'I was thinking,' he resumed, ' that this person's odd conduct may perhaps be accounted for. She is pro bably jealous of any young lady who is in vited to her master's house— and (till she noticed your complexion) she began by being jealouB of you.' Innocently at a lop to understand how she could become an object of the housekeeper's jealousy, Mrs. Zant looked at Mr. Rayburn in astonishment. Before she could give expres sion to her feeling of suprise there was an interruption — a welcome interruption. A waiter entered the room and announced a : visitor ; described as a ' gentleman.' j Mrs. Zant at once rose to retire. ' 'Who is the gentleman?' Mr. Rayburn asked-^detaining Mrs. Zant as he spoke. ' ' A voice which they both recognised answered gaily, from the outer side of the door : ' 'A friend from London.' ( To 6c cffKfcccfed next week. J 