INTERCOLONIAL. . (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPON.DENTS. ' ? NEW, SOUTH WALES. \- SYDNEY, April 22. Mr G. A. Sala delivered his first lecture in Sydney at the Protestant Hall last night before a large audience, the lecture being entitled Russia What shots and what she means." ' ' Hanlan still entertains hopes of being able to wrest the sculling championship from Beach, The Canadian says he expects to be back in Sydney within eighteen months, and will probably settle here with his family. He leaves for San Francisco to morrow, per Zealandia i H Some apprehension is beginning to be felt with regard to the state of the Botany water supply, owing to the inadequate rainfall up to the present date. The mayor (Alderman Playfair) intends to make a personal inspection of the Botany dams before any decision is arrived at as to the action to be taken. " Matters are without alteration with regard to the Zealandia strike, and there is no immediate prospect of a settlement. ). At East Maitland to day Mary Ann Burton and Sarah Keep were each found guilty of the murder of W. H. Keep, the husband of the latter prisoner, by poisoning, and were, sentenced to death. All the intercolonial eight-oar crews did good work on the Parramatta River to-day. The Queensland crew rowed over the course in the morning, and went as far as Hunter's Hill in the afternoon. The Victorians did several fast spurts, including a mile at a rare pace. The New South Wales crew performed long work, and in the, afternoon covered, a mile in 5min. 28sec. The Tasmanians did a splendid spin, this being the best rowing of the day. They covered a mile in 5min., and did 25 miles in 15min., rowing never less than forty strokes to the minute. The Autumn Meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club was commenced at Wagga Wagga to day. The weather was fine, and there was a large attendance. The following were the results - MARES' PRODUCE STAKES -Eagle Grange, 1 ; Cardigan, 2 ; Dagon, 3. Only three horses started. Eagle Grange won by two lengths. Time, 1min. 19sec SBIJJNG PLATE. MISS Livingstone, lj Louis, 2; Newtown, 3. Won easily. Time 7min. 35sec. ' MU a "> uU "half AUTUMN HANDICAP Minerva, 7st. 10lb., 1; Impulse, 6st 31st 2 ; Thakombau, gist., 21s., 3. Omadhaun, Student, and Oily Gammon also started. HURDLE RACE. Letitia, 1 ; Sir Harry, 2 ; Right Bower, 3. FLYING HANDICAP. Favour, 1 ; Emilius, 2; Rebus, 3. The following are the entries for the two principal handicaps to be run at the meeting of the Sydney Turf (Club, Randwick, on the 25th May :' 1 ROYAL STAKES. Caliban St Lawrence. King's Own Gretna Honeydew Astors Oakloleh Fernlea First Demon Lord Clifden Merlin Marie Louise Ellington Kmillus Rapid Storm Dunlop Dirk Hatteraick Buckingham The Teacher Espiegle Master Avenel Eagle Grange The Prior Wallangra Tomboy Highland Mary Warwick Noploalllna Privateer Lord Exeter Freedom Clssey Mascotte Valetta The Broker AIF Bonnie Scotland Honeycomb , QUEEN's Bltt?¿IDAY CUP. 2 Coronet Boscawen Dirk Hatteraick Caliban The Jewel King's Own iterated 'fh«lr.T,teS, Honeydew ""was left Clifden Zone in., office Louise Soldier Boy First Demon "Moonshee Tom Brown Normanby -. Anchorite Hill Top Muscat, Merlin Willerooo Kllington Polestar Rapid Jordon 'boLako Rufus Vonotla Buckingham Ksploiile Balmoral Wallangra Tomboy Highland Mary Warwick Archie Brown and ROBO Privateer Albert Victor Lord Exeter Favo, Mascotte Little Star Phyllis The Broker BonnleScotland Hazard It is reported that phylloxera is spreading, and that the disease has appeared in the vines in the Picton district. Sailed : Governor Blackall, s. for Brisbane. VICTORIA, MELBOURNE, April 22. The South Australian Jockey Club Meeting is to be held at the Flemington Racecourse on 2nd, 7th, and 8th May. The following are the acceptances for the two principal events : Goodwood Handicap - Welcome Jack, Reginald, Blink Bonny, Sardius, Ringwood, Middlemarch, St. Lawrence, Alphabet, Anchorite, Hazard, The Ghosts Kingship, Sir John, Topaz, Duenna, Lord Exeter, Lord Wilton, Umberto, Paileroo, Britisher, Ruby, Carbuncle, Ironmaster, Country Boy, Marie Louise, Lantern, Ancas, Berkley. Adelaide Cup Welcome Jack, Reginald, Ringwood, Off Colour, Blink Bonny, Sardius, Silver King, Madcap, Coriolanus, David, Camerino, Prometheus Grace Darling, Plausible, Hilltop, acted. Hazard, Kingship, The Broker, Anchorite, Anglesey, Ruby, Britisher, Lord Wilton, Hobart, The Agent, Country Boy, Areas, Lord Exeter, Gohanna. The Public Works' Department have resolved to have an iron twin-screw hopper barge for harbour purposes at Geelong made in the colony. The barge is to be of 500 tons, and the cost £47,700. She will be built by Messrs. Foreman and Co., of Yarra Bank. A charge of disorderly conduct arising out of the proceedings at the annual commemoration of the Melbourne University on Saturday, 14th April, against six undergraduates, occupied the attention of the Professorial Board to-day. After an exhaustive inquiry four of the accused were discharged, and two were called on to prepare their defence by Wednesday next. The trial of Mrs. Beach and F. O. Howarth for the murder of Francis Beach, at Pettavel in January of last year, resulted in the bench declining to send the accused on for trial, and the action of the police in the matter was censured. SOUTH AUSTRALIA ADELAIDE, April 22. A telegram has been received from the Agent-General stating that peace is now almost certain. The Rev. J. C. Kirby has been elected chairman of the Congregational Union. Last evening, at the Town Hall, a banquet was tendered to Mr. O. Todd, Postmaster General and Superintendent of Telegraphs, prior to his departure for Europe. The banquet was well attended, every branch of the Civil service being represented. Mr. E. Squire, Deputy Postmaster-General, proposed the health of the guest, and was supported by the Attorney-General, who stated that Mr. Todd had been commissioned by the Government to represent the colony at the forthcoming International Telegraphic Conference to be held at Berlin. 