S iSS 3S sG Si? WITHOUT A HOME ! By the Author of 'Fbom Jest to Eabnkm.' When at last Mrs. Jocelyn revived and recalled what had occurred, she passed into a condition of almost liys terical grief, for her nervous system was all unstrung. Mr. Jocelyn, meanwhile, attended upon her in a silent, gentle, self- possessed manner that puzzled Mil dred greatly, although she ascribed it to the stimulant he had taken. After a few minutes a si range smile flitted across his face, and he disappeared within bis own apartment. A little later; Mildred, returning from a momen tary ahsence, saw him withdraw his syringe from the arm of her halfcon icions mother. 'What have you done?' she asked sternly, and hastening to his side. Secreting' the instrument as a miser would his gold, he answered, with the same strange smile, ' She shall have a merry Christmas yet; Ihave just re membbred the day, See how quiet she is becoming ; see that beautiful flush stealing into her. pale face ; see the light dawning in her eye. Oh, I gauged the dose with the skill of the Lest of them ; and see, my hand is as steady as yours. I'm not a wreck yet, and all may still be well. Come, this is Christmas night, and we will keep it in good old Southern style. Where are Belle and the child ren ? Ah ! here they are. Where have you beeD, Belle ?' ' In Mrs. Wheaton's room,' she re plied, looking at her father in much surprise. ' I was trying to keep the children quiet, so that you, mamma, and Millie might have a little rest.1 ' That was very kind and good of you, and you now see that I am much better; so is mamma, and with your help and Mildred's we shall have a merry Christ mas night together after all.' ' Pa| a is right.' Mrs.' Jocelyn added with vivacity. ' I do feel much better, and so strangely hopeful. Come here, Belle. I've scarcely seen you and the children all. day.. Kiss me, darlings. 1 believe the worst is now past, that papa will soon be well, and that all pur, troubles will 'end in renewed prosperity aud happiness. I have been looking ou the dark tide, and it was wrong in me to do so. I should have had more faith, more hope, more thankfulness. I should bless God for that sight — Fred and Minnie on their father's knees as in olden times. Oh what a strange, bright turn everything lias taken.' ' Mamma dear,' said Belle, who was kneeling and caressing her, ' can 1 not ask Koger in to see you 1 He has looked like a ghost all day, from anxiety about you.' ' Oh, no, no,' gasped Mildred. ' Now, Millie,' began Mrs. Jocelyn in gentle effusion, 'you carry your pre udice against Roger much too far. He las been the world and all to Belle since he came to town. Belle was like a prisoned bird, and he pave her air and room to fly a little, and always brought her back safe to the nest. Think of his kindness last night (suddenly she put her hand to her brow as if troubled by something half forgotten, but her serene smile returned). Papa, thanks to Roger's kindness, is here, and he might have been taken to a hospital. I now feel as sured that he will overcome all his. troubles. What we need is cheerfulness —the absence of all that is depressing. Roger is lonely away from his home and people, and he shall share our Christmas cheer ; so, call him, Belle, and then you and Millie prepare as nice a supper as you can ;' and the girl flew to make good a prospect so in accordance with her nature. Mildred almost as precipitately sought her room. A moment later Roger was ushered in, and he could scarcely believe his eyes. The unconscious man, whom he at this time on the previous day be lieved dying, had his children on his lap, and was caressing them with every mark of affection. Although he still appeared lo be very much of an invalid, and his complexion bad a sallow and un natural hue, even iu the lamplight, it was difficult to believe that twenty- four hours before be had appeared to be in ex tremis. When he arose and greeted Roger with a courtesy that was almost faultless, the young fellow was tempted to rub his eyes as if all were a dream. Mrs. Jocelyn, too, was fnll of cheerful ness and hope, and made him sit beside her while she thanked him with a cordi ality and friendliness that seemed even tinged with affection. If memory could be silenced there would be nothing to dispel the illusion' that he looked upon a bumble but happy home, unshadowed by any Ihougbt of danger or trouble. As it was, ' the illusion was so strong1 that he entered into the apparent spirit of the occasion, and be chatted and laughed with a freedom and ease he never had yet known in their presence. 'Where is Millie?' Mrs. Jocelyn snddenly asked. ' We must be all to gether on this happy occasion. Minnie, call her, for I do not wish a moment of this long - deferred hour marred or clouded.' 'Millie,' cried the child, opening the door, ' mamma wants you to come right away. We are having a lovely time.' ' Don't mind Millie's ways,' said Mrs. Jocelyn touching Roger's arm and giving him a little confidential nod. ' You both misunderstand each other.' These words, with her manner, struck Roger as peculiar in one who had ever seemed to him the embodiment of delicacy, but he was too inexperienced to gauge them properly. When he turned, however, lo bow to Mildred, who entered and took a seat in a distant corner, lie was startled by her extreme pallor, but acting on Mrs. Jocclyu's ad vice he tried to act as before, resolving, nevertheless, that if his presence con tinued to be a restraint on one for whom he was ever ready to sacrifice himself, he would speedily depart. Belle was radi ant in her reaction from the long, miserable day, and, with a child's un consciousness, gave' herself up to her happiness. ' Millie shall rest as well as yourself, mamma, for sbe was up all night, and I'll get supper and prove what a house wife I am Roger, if you. do not swallow everything I prepare without a wry lace, and, indeed, without' every appearance of relish, 1 1 hall predict for you the most lniseruble old bachelorhood all your days.' ' I am alraid you will put Roger's gallantry to a very severe test,'; cried Mrs. Jocelyn gaily. 'Indeed, L fear we have not very much for supper except the .warmest good-will. Our .poverty now, however, will not last long, tor I feel that I can so manage hereafter as to make amends for all the past. I can see that I am tho one who has been to blame ; but all that's past, and with my clearer, fuller knowledge and larger opportunities I can do wonders.' Roger was much struck by the peculiar smile with which Mr. Jocelyn regarded bis wife as she uttered these words. 'Lemme show you what Aunty Wheaton gave me dismornin,' lisped Fred, pulling Roger np. As he rose ha caught a glimpse of .Mildred's face, and saw that she was regarding her mother and futher in un disguised horror. Something was evi dently wrong — fearfully wrong. There was a skeleton in that cheerful lighted room, and the girl saw it plainly. Never would be forget nor terrible expression^ He trembled with apprehension as he stood over the child's toy anil tried to imagine what it was that had suddenly', filled the place with a nameless- dread and foreboding. So quick and strong was bis sympathy for Mildred, so unmis takable had been (he expression of the girl's face, that he was sure something must soon occur which would explain her feara. Ho was right, for at tbiB moment Dr. Benton knocked, entered-t~and tqojc; jthe chair he had vacated. . The physician looked with some surprise at his patient and Mrs. Jocelyn's flushed, smiling face. As be felt her pulse her sleeve fell back, and he saw the little ominous red scar, and then he understood it. all, aud fixed a penetrating glance on the face of her husband, who- would not meet his eye. ' I have done you wrong, Dr. Benton,' Mrs. Jocelyn began volubly, ' for we all are indebted to your skill that my hus band is so much better. This day, which, promised to pass so sadly, has a bright ending, thanks to your timely remedies. We are once more a united household, and I can never thank our dear young friend here, Mr. Atwood, enough that he discovered my husband and brought him to us and to your able treatment. Surely, Millie, your prejudice against him must vanish! now, for — ' ; . ' Mother,' cried Mildred, ' if you .have a grain of reason or sell- control left, close your lips. Oh, what a mockery it all is!' When Belle rook her .astonished eyes from Mildred's face, Roger, who stood near the door, was gono. . ' You had better follow your daughter's advice, Mrs. Jocelyn,' said the physician quietly and soothingly, ' you are a little feverish, aud I prescribe quie*. May I seo you alone a moment or two, Mr. Joceiyn?', ' Yes, herein ir-y room,' addel Mildred eagerly. : . It was with the aspect of mingled fear aud haughtiness that Mr. Jocelyn .fol lowed Dr. Benton into tho apartment, aud the door was closed. , ; ,,,. 'Mother, you are ill,' said Mildred, kneeling beside her. ' For my sake,. for. yours, pray keep quiet for. a while.' .. 'IIJ! I never felt better in my life. It's all your unreasonable prejudice, Millie.'. ', ' I think so too,' cried Belle iiidignautly. 'We were beginning to have a little sunshine, and you have spoiled etery thing.' . ' ,??????? ' I am the only one who knows the truth, and I shall take the responsibility of directing our affairs for the next i'e\x hours,' replied Mildred, rising with a pale, impassive face. ' Belle, my course has.notbing to do with Roger. Atwood. I exceedingly regret, however, that, he has been present. Wait till you hear what Dr. Benton says,' and there was something so resolute and almost stern, in her manner that even Mrs.Jocelyn, in her unnatural exaltation, yielded., indeed' she was already becoming, drowsy from the eftectspf the narcotic.- , , , ' You are not. yourself, mamma., tI'J explain all ' to-morrow,' the yo'uug gir added soothingly. 'Mr. Jocelyn,' said the physidah.'witir, * quiet emphasis, ' you liave :1 injected ,',. .morphia into your wife's arm.' : \ ' \ ' I have not;' J ' -' : : '*?'? ' ' My dear sir, rtindcrsfand youtcasV,') thoroughly, attd 'so do your \vifti'aud daugufer, ns'far oi they cati urtderstaind y my explanations.1 Now ifyotf wUlfteiise;;' your mad folly' I can save /you1,' I tliinlr'p' that is, if you will submit* yburBelf,!alJi-'f solutely to my treatment.1^' ; ~ ', ), !Ci ' ' You ! are : talking/riddles; siri jOuf'.f poverty docB not warrant any 'assumption^ on your part.' '',' ' ? ' \', lftl' 1 1 know the insane ' an d V1-5 sieIe&iRi; A'i' * stinct of those in y'our condition1 to'Lidr/' theirSveakness ; but can you.'not coniVof.'' it,: and permit 'trie' as your' ffrend9tan?ri physician to help^you? . lih ,'MUngf your interest; riot mjfbw'ii.' '''' ;!1 !-!':^s:1 'Curse you'!' cnedMr.-'JiJccTynViilff1 burst5 of uncontrollable1 'nng'e'r,; 'if^vif''/11 had'bee'n my'fricud you ^ould'h'ay^'lp!! ,me die, but instead, you have saitJi'thni&s;'V1 to my wife that have blasted me for 'ever i ,in her eyes.'; If she : liadi ' notititq tv^i^I11 .could have made the eiS'itt yW.re^nirij}1'* but' now I'm, a lost man/MamYieti beyond91 remedy,- and' I'd ratbertseelitho\\*de3riif! himself UiaiV your face again. ' '.Tn'cselRry1 my rooms, and I demand 'tliat'yoii dofjMJfc^ and never appear liere!agniif.' llJj -0 ' *'* The physician bowed coldly,1 'and left' the ill-fated family to itself. ' ?;:ii'!j ;'?'.' Mildred, who ovorheard'tier father's,, concluding' words,1 felt thai itfw6uldl bft. useless then 'to interpose; Indeed 'she.' was so dispirited and exhausted thltstie' could do no more1 than stsgjjer' uMer the. heavy1 burden that seenifc'd'cruslilnjp her very soul: ;' '?'?'??''? -^' '-'?'- r:'-^-i- Sbe assisted' her mother :to ? relirefand'! the latter was soon sleeping With a'' Stai^1 . upon her lips.'' ,Mr.' Jocelyn 's'rtBsuirebly r apart, staring-out1 into theblealCstorm^ darkness,;and Mildred went' to!lief f ooffiu for the 'first time1 in. her life : without2 giving him his good-night kiss. As'slle^ realized this truth, she sank on her cOucJi;, and sobbed so bitterly that Belle, wboJ had been meditating reproaches, looked', . at her with tearful wonder.' Suddenly' Mildred arose' iu strong compunction^' and rushed' back to her father'; but lie'* started rip with' such a^desjienite, lp'jjk1' that she recoiled. ' :'[: ,-''1' ''' ^ ? Don't touch', mi',' he ; crietf.' J, |!I*utJ yonr lips -fertile gutter nf; tlib : Streets, ': if _ yon, will, but , not to sucif /pitch! aiMi foulness as'l have become.' 4 _' . ( . j, f'? ' Oh, papa, have mercy1 j1 'she' pleiuleS ' 'Mer'oy;!' be'ropeated^ltlPa laup' that froze'ber bloodH .tliere^is^uo jmercjr: on earth, nor in/he^ven;* and I ilie 'yiivM' her, away, ahd:! again : tufiieii , his' face'fto^ the outer'darkness. ' '-'-?' 'i;'' !'«^ ' Millie, oh; Millie) wtiai'w theinaf ftf' cried Belle, shocked at her sister's horror-0 8trickeVface.' ??-«?'?- o -^ '- 't1-- ' Oh; Belle,' is there any^bod'-'God^1:' 1 Millie, I'm beivildercd.' ' Wnatv! does ! it all mean'? 'The evehitfg' tlfii't began so brighlly seems^ii'ling jutfjiyedy.' ' Ves t ra^eily iif Litter - rutli^ Hope is murdered, lite poisoned, hearts mad^.^o^ bleed from wounds tlint'caa, never ,b-)a1.., Bt'llo, ])niia loves opium better, j.banj hej diios you .or me, bettor tban bis'.wife andj little helpless children, :, better * tbin. heaven 'and his oVn soul, l^buld to.'dod ; I.bad never lived. to sec thisdayj!' ,','.. ?'^:'t [To be continued: | : « ^ 