. Slisccllaneoas: The! Tichbobne Claimant.— ^Tot-many people perhaps aro.very deeply interested now-a-days in the greatest impostor that ever lived. TliO number of believers in the big butcher of Vagga .Wngga h:is woefully diininish'dt and he. had fewer suppoi'ters in Australia' than at .'home. But all -i;ho hate, fraud, and |feel that' the false claimant .to the Tichborne estates was rulhtly piinish'cd, will hear with satisfaction 'that Orion's popularity is w-anins fastnnd that his appeal for.su'p port* since his releasn hiis. .proved agigan tic failure. The claimant has ripw sunk into a provincial misic hull celebrity. He takes his.tiifn on the sfag'p,' with comic sin?eis ami performers' on tight rope or 8yihg trapeze, and his address or lecture, or whatever his account of his- many wrongs may be entitled, is strictly limited to a t-venty minutf-s' FpeeeH.j This is, of couisp, one unvaried attack npin judges, liwvers,- Avitiie^s'es, and the tlishoiiest people who still insist npon keeping him out of liis own. The tirade often win a certain amount of -applanse, but thn audiences he addresses are' chiefly at tracted by curiosity, to see the notorious iinp'oste'-i'- In appearance ?'!Sir 'Roger' is rapidlly resuming his o'd proportion-. He is nearly as-fat as ir. old |iinca, when he weigh'e'1- five-an'd-twentjrsbme. Prison djspiplilie' soon 'brought him down tV sixteen, but natural pi disposition has re-nsierted itself under frectlom and a, full diet, j The ultimate fate of ', 'Sir Roger' will probably be thn exhibition of him. self as a new Daniel Lambert] long afler| he has e'ense'l to 'draw' at a. victim of official oppression. |- , ? A FBWJ months' ng° we reported the shootinc|by Constable Kerinody. ;of n m»n at St. Anne's' station, Bowpn, un d»r the Ruppositinn that 'he »os a bua(i rangcr. named Eiley, who h:)d stuck up several places in the district. Shortly afterwards wo .' exti acted a letter, pub-, 'lishel in jono of the northern papers, throwing; doubt on.i the ; identity of the wounded i man with the liushranner. From Mr. A. B. Fisher, of St. Anne's station, who has been on a short visit. to Brisbane.^ we learn some of the reasons thnt'sivn iris1! to what, we are assured is a very general belief in the district, that the mnn who was shot is not Riley nt all; but a half-imbecile bushman, whoss nam» is nnknown, but who; is asserr tained to hnve been travelling from Hcds's sheep station, on tho Mackay rca-1, at the time. The mafiuTSri from Mount Wyatt to Dongmabulla met n man . answerinc: the description of thn deceased Bhortly nfter leaving Mount Wyatt for St. Annn's.'. At Mount Wyijtt this man statc-1 that ho had come from M'Donald'a Conway station, and pro'vioiisly to that from HeiinV. This wai afterwards verified by^ the peoplo at the stations named, nnd' the man had been engaged in onn of these places us a clog. poisoner.' Judging from; the limn and place at which tho mailman mot him, he might naturally bo expected lo have reached St. Anno's .station at the time he was mf:t and shot by 'the con stable. It is also pointed out that the man who was shot had' neither arrnsnor ammunition at tho time,- and Riley was known to havo had' both. The only thing connecting thft dnco'ised with Rib-y 5b tho fact that a billycan which he wan Cftrryins wa» similar to one Htolenj'from tbn miner'/) camp at tho Droughton, nnd'itliat rollcil up in his swaa answer inglhi -dweription of. one Rilpy.-waH wcariug when hi Htiiolc up Boiilton's Ifolol. Mr. FM'-f wan |pri;H'!iit''whnii Rilr-y stuck nj*St. Awic'h stat;on, nbnnl a fortnixhtbiforo tlio-rnun was »hol, im-l ho fired a shot-gun at tho out-luw from n duitniice ofabout twenty ynrdH ; hn only Haw lb« inan'ii buck, but is opiiiion that ho wan not nearly no utout oh tint imm killed, and further, thiif Ililey wnn not liMy to voiiliiro back to St. Amto'n after tro recuption ho then n-wsived. The papers found in thn pricket* of llin. di'craiod wero coveml with dkcoimeclcd incolniicnt muitflncft', i-p|inrnntly writ ten by a mail not in- 1i!k riuht mind. Wo arc iilso-informod that aft.T Hh-rfilin({ the man, tlio ooohIiiWo left tliu black trooper in «hiir({o old went up In tlinili'iiwa to ten, although' tho poor fellow-wan «till j/roanlngand continnol toclo«oifor.iii)iiin' tune. About twenty inliiuteH later the. oonitlabln returtntil and the troopur toltl him Him 'mail. w»« d.i.i!,— Hhihhavk OoUltlKll. ? ! ? A C'umous O»pBT,-.A rmwoiir Ih itoina alioul (obnrii'veH the Hf . Jambb tiAXRTTK) tlmt tho Fiycliical Hooioty Iiuh at last found a ghust. Hltuwto tho society has been in the painful position of calling spirits . from the vaoty deep, nnd : only finding, that Shakespeare was right about the difficulty of getting than to respond. The -committee have, we relieve, hired, houses warranted to Tie haunted 'by tho./most unexceptional speeties, * have heroically slept in the haunted chamber mght.after night, and have not ko much as heard a sigh or ?seon-thcV '??st symptom' of a faint hlite light. Things wer« at their worst when, a clianse came, which . has apparently ende(K'.in brilliant discoveries. In the last 'volumne 'of' tho Society's Transac tions, or Journal, there appeared a notice that p rsons wishing to be intro duced to a real ghost should immed iately apply to the Haunted Secretary, or words to that effec'. So' enthnsinstic wms thn rush 'expected to be, that the Haunted. Secretary would not . pledje himself to find a bed in the chamber visited by ' The Thing' for every serkor after psychical truth who might present himself. Some iuqu'rrs, how ever, were accommodated, and the con sequences surpassed all - expectations: Hard knocks were the order of the day. The Gl'o^t, whose appearance is not mentioned in the rumour, ' began by throwing tumblers (where did they come from ?) at the representatives of the S.P.R. A heavy, fender was the next; missile employed, and after this the ghost, sent a slab of the marble chimney-': piece flying at their heads, and then nt; length, .the retreat was. . 'leluctanUyii sounded.1 The experiment is, wn hear,;' to be repeated as soon.ns Ihe S.P.R. has armed its intrepid representatives with ? plate armour, or some improvement on the diver's uniform ; and the electric light is, to be suddenly flashed upon the spectrei to see if he will jump. It is most earnestly to be -hoped that the persevering efforts of the society will meet with the reward they deserve, and that this promising ghost will maintain his high character. A Peculiar Fkaud. — William Mellor, who registered his own decease, and ob tained his. own funeral money from the cofiers.of-tho Ancient Order of Foresters, is^still exultingly playing with the police. For a.f rm laborer he displayed an astuteness not cenercilly credited to the bncoUc miiid. Pleading rheu,matism and hi-art. dise so, he consulted a medical mvi. He. t*ien died, njse ngain, and by tho Uid of scissors and razor, 'so dia guisRil himself ai to pass' fur his own brother. In this assumed character he waited .confidently on the credulous dnct-r, who deceived by his appearance, wrote, him . out a. certificate of his de part e'd. friend's death. This doenment mi successful in obtaining Mellor the fineral funds frOnV the friendly society, and, with tliis money, in his pocket, Mellor ;eased to I 'e his brother, and be came '''himself again. He repaired — minus .rheumatism pains and heart disease_pangST-to_ Eerby _ races ; and whore he is now ' deponent sayeth not.' VioU-t North in ' Madcap. Violet' makes her friends believn she is dead by placing her clothes on the banks of a Highland 1 id). They grieve for the luss of the drowned girl ; but Mellor is not a' man likely to haye road William Blaok's .memorable story, and we must si vis him credit for the originality of his flaring \fraucL .Ho has, . at any rate showjiV more 'sharpness tla i the doctor who ''sol innocently gave him- the certificate of death. The ease with which this important document was obtained 'opens out serious reflections as to, . what t-might happen, say, in the case of murder. A doctor Bhould certainly view thoj corpse before a certificate of di'tttb is given. - Lieutenant George C. Foulk, of the navy, nriden date of . Seoul, Korea, March 29tb, has (says the Hongkong Free Press), sent to the Navy ? Depart ment an account of the destruction of the American schooner Sherman and the beheading of a portion of her crew oii' tho Yellow: Se» const of Korea in 1866\. The narrative was prepared from accounts obtained from, a Korean Christian of gob 1 standing and is pub lished for the first time. Lieutenant Fbulk, says : — ' The Sherman arrived in August, and anchored a short distance belDw Phyong Yang city. .The Sherman was seen from the walls of Phyong Yangj and was the cause of much ex citement, but oi-- account of the danger ous condition of .tho' river, which was then very high, no boat ventured near her for somo 'limp. When tho water began to subside, the provincial Governor sent oiucern w jnquiro into ins mission. Tho numihun people took ud- antage of ihe dopaituro of thoto officers from the Sherman tu gratify thoir own curiosity, and went with' them, the wholo party being in a largo fleet of small boat', nhieh put nut from th* shore togother. Tho Sherinim'ii peoplo not undorstinding ihe object of the appronching oxroJition, considered tho movement rs a hostile demonstration, arid fired B Vaial shots in tho ail. Tho officers, accompanied by all the other peoplo, at onco turned back and returned to tho city, Tho rivor fell rapidly after Uh'h, nnd in a fow dayii the Shormnn went aground. Tiiis was Houn from tho city walls, and another il'-cit of bouts oamo towards tho nrhoiiner, thU timu witli hontilo intoht, the pnople being mined. Shots wore, agaju liruil from thn Sliunnnn, mid tho KuniuiB inrniid buck us boforo. Doth olliceiti and punpla wore now enraged. lloulH were Inailnd with coinlmnUble niaii'iinl, und taken to points abovu the': Mfhooner'ii auoliorago, ' Hero they worn lirud atid allowed ta drift down to liar. Tim Hheinmn wan «onn in Oilmen, and her piioplu jumpod overboard to save ihemiflvei, but most of tuam wero d i owned. A few were pioked up by tliH Korean boali) nnd wero brought beforn tho Kaima and examined. Thoy told tho objeat of tho Bhennun'a enming All ellbrlH to «avu thomtolves wom uHoleHu, lipwovori ami In a fow d»y« thoy woru buhoudod.' 