' THE 'LAWYERS DUST. Mr. Want, addressing the electors here on Saturday night declared that he would not have joined the late Government, and he added, by way of explanation of the why and wherefore, that they were a badly arranged team, having the horses inappro priately placed. Now, though this declara tion must be regarded as insincere, and as so much dust thrown in the eyes of the electors, we, for our part, are quite willing to take Mr.'fWant'S; present position as the ground of dur opposition to him arid in order to show that be is not entitled to public confi dence. Xne people wuu Hit) mum, piuiumem in supporting Mr. Want here give that support from mere personal considerations. 'Jack's a jolly nice fellow,' they say: and they! would stick to him no matter what position he took. Some of his supporters actually state openly that they condemn the Government,, yet they will vote for Mr. Want. ' We'could support him with pleasure, if he took independent ground ; but he has not done so, and he is at least entitled to credit for taking the responsibility of all the sins of Mr. 'Dibbs and his party. It is quite sufficient, for us, and it-should be for all wise and prudent citizens;' that Mr. Want is allied to Mr. Dibbs, whom we regard as a thoughtless, reckless Julius Vogel. Mr. DiBbshatf brought the country into a very unhappy condition financially. He has enormously increased the burdens of the people, while he has allowed the revenue of the country to fall over a million below the expenditure annually. He has brought the colony into a state of indebtedness which it never reached before. Ho took charge of the Colonial Treasury at the beginning of 1883,' wben the public debt stood at £18,721,219, and his predecessors left him two and a quarter millions as a suiplus over and above expenditure^ for this year, which, after allowing for liabilities properly chargeable against that amount, left Mr. Dibbs, according to his own admission, a very respectable surplus. By the end of 1883, tho first year of Mr. Dibbs's term of office, the public debt was increased to £21,632,459. At the end of 1884 it was increased to £24,601,959. Mr. Dibbs admitted at . St. Leonards this week | that he had borrowed in the English market since he had been in office £1^,000,000. Let the reader make a note of this fact— that before the reign of Mr. Dibbs the whole debt had not reached nineteen millions sterling, vet within the short space of about two. years' Mr. Dibbs borrowed the enormous sum of seventeen millions sterling, bringing up the total public debt, with loans and deficits, near the close of 1885 to, in rouud numbers, between thirty-six and thirty eight millions ! When Mr. James Watson left the Treasury two and a half years' revenue would have cleared off the whole of the public debt : it will now take six or seven years' revenue to do so. Under his predecessors the public burden for debt amounted to £22/18/- per head of the population : it is now quite double that. And if the electors will reflect on the fact that this burden falls on the heads of only about 400,000 people, the individual burden was more than double these figures. The estimated population of the colony on 31st December last was 921,268; so it will be seen that we favour the Government in setting down 400,000 as the actual number of tax-payers. This enormous debt has been created with a population of less than three persons to the square mile. We have now outrun New Zealand, a country which has been crippled for years by its public burdens, the rftte of whose burden per head of the population at the close of 1884 was £59714/ ; the total debt being £33,691,022. Our public debt now exceeds this ! Three years ago Australia stood in the proud position financially of being a more wealthy country than the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Canada, or Holland ; her percentage of income on capital stood higher than in the Argentine Republic, Canada, Russia, Austria, Belgium, or the United Kingdom; while in indebtedness per inhabitant she stood below Belgium, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain, or France. These facts are drawn from authentic records. They show proud positions for Australia; and the comparative statistic1? of the colonies show that New South Wales up to the close of 1882 occupied the best position- among the Australias. But she has lost that position under the rule of Mr. Dibbs and his party. The interest of the public debt cannot now be paid by the land revenue of the colony, as it should do, seeing that it has been borrowed for carrying out public works which should improve the value of the crown and of private estate. We venture to say that, if Mr. Dibbs had submitted his budget prior to the dissolution of Parliament, he wound have revealed a condition of things financially that would have startled the electors throughout the whole colony. Electors, we ask you seriously — Are you willing, in the face of these facts, which we challenge Mr. Want to answer, to send to Parliament a colleague of Mr. Dibbs ? You may do as you please : we will not have the responsibility of it. Another three years' — yes, another year's — reign of Mr. Dibbs will be quite sufficient to convince you of your error. The Government pretend that they are not proposing any new taxation : all the more reason why they are reckless and deceitful. What is their Local Govern ment Bill ? They propose under it to heavily tax property in cities, towns, municipal and rural districts ; and to give in return only 20/- endowment for existing boroughs. The Local Government Bill is Mr. Dibbs's property tax. We believe in local self-government ; bat the bill offered the country means government not by local bodies, but by a central board in Syduey, who, while being independent of the people, will be in a position to enforce heavy burdens upon the property holders of the country. Beware of being blinded by the lawyer's dust. The Dibbs Government have under taken to conduct the measures of the Stuart Government— whom Mr. Want would not join!— and it is, as the immortal Bard of Avon tells you, a battle for and against ' measures, not men' that you are engaged in. Place your stamp of disapproval upon Imprudence, Recklessness, Waste, Short sightedness, Trickery, Corruption, Bribery, and Uncouthness, for Mr. Want certainly displayed this latter quality on Saturday night in his treatment of electors who questioned him without laced waistcoats. ? «, ? As to the contest for the Young election, the three candidates have addressed the electors. Messrs. Spring and Watson are against the Government and the Land Act ; while Mr. Mackinnon adheres to his position of a supporter of the Government and the Land Act. Mr. Spring's address at Wallendbeen was a very able denunciation of the new Land Act. His speech on the second read ing of that measure in Parliament was, we think, the ablest in the whole debate. Mr. Watson is premised large support at Wal lendbeen and at Temora ; but we cannot shut our eyes to the fact that Mr. Mackinnon during the past year or more has forfeited votes through neglecting his correspondence with the local bodies. This will tell against him both at Wallendbeen and at Temora. We have received a report of Mr. Mackin non's meeting at Temora ; but we regret that we must hold it over till to-night (Saturday). Ominous Dream.— Mr. James Gibb in* forms us that, while away with sheep up the mountains a few days ago, he had a very disturbing dream, in which he saw his daughter (Mrs. M. J. Mullaly) as a Queens land ghost, her children appealing to him for succour, and her husband helplessly prostrated. He made a note of the dream next morning, and informed those who were with him of the circumstance. A day or two afterwards he was informed of Mr. Mullaly's death ! 