SPORTING NEWS. SPORTING NOTES. BY FLAN[?]UR Le Grand is in full training again for V.R.C. Autumn engagements. Silver Ring has retired from tho Newmarket Handicap. He will have a big say in both the Leger and Champion. Seventy-five remain in tbe Newmarket and 34: in the Australian Cup. Mozart, Tichborne, Ringwood, and Coriolanus crossed the Straits yesterday. The last named will be about first for the 1000 sovs. Mozart, the great composer, will I facoy have.to play a second violin to the noble Roman. Immediately/ the weights ' appeared for tbe Hawksburn Handicap the names of Royal Irish man, Precious Stone, Dirk. Hatteraipk, and Countryman disappeared. Leacder, a recent purohase of Corrigan’s, will be disciplined-at Dowling Forest. . If he can only fly round as fast as his great namesake oould paddle, our popular crosscountry horseman will soon stand on velvet. Owing to some hitch in notifying the secretary of the Geelong Raoing Club that Pilot had been sold, the mariners', friend was hot permitted to start. This was very hard cheese for his owner,' who had journeyed from Sydney to see him tuo. Anglesey, a horse that was heavily backed for' the Geelong Geld Cup, tried to wolf Camerioe during-that race, and in the Handicap be went open-mouthed for Acolyte and Athenian. The retirement of Straggler for the Geelong Steeplechase was caused by his having been bought by Denmark’s owner on the morning of the race. It was a condition of purchase that if Little Sister should wiu the Handicap the Straggler was to go to the post for the jumps. . At the Victorian Club on Monday, £20,000 went on to Sir Garnet at from 20’s to 16’s for the Newmarket, and £15,000 was entrusted to the Egyptian Warrior and Le Grand, coupled for the Newmarket and Australian Cup. The Ghost and Coningsby were nibbled at. • : Mr C. L. M‘Donald, in whose stable Sir Garnet is, has no peer for cotip’s and surprises. Assyrian was first favourite for tho Caulfield Cup which ho lost, and last favourite for the Melbourne Cap which he won. Israelite and Footstep were two others whioh for up and down betting, and in and outrunning, it would be difficult to go 1 one better on. I will lay five long-sleeved chapeaux to one, that if Sir Garnet is first favourite for the Newmarket at the fall of the flag, he will run closer to nowhere than to first,. second, or third. Bonnie Scotland, engaged in the Hobart Cup, is, I am informed, in splendid condition. Last year he won the Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap, giving Meteor, a stone and a sound drubbing. Meteor is a raoehorse to his inohes. If Bonnie- Scotland has improved during the interval, the Hobart Cup and tho 1000. sovs. should be all over bar the moistening of the oesophagus. I was asked to-day how it was that Tasmanian horses rarely did any good in the “tight little isle.” I answered that Tasman’s horses were like Scotchmen—they had to leave their country before they could do any good for their country or themselves. Tas' for a horse and Scotia for a man are two of tbe finest places in tho world to be bora in, but no time must be lost after the advent in emigrating. Out of an original entry of 54 only 13 remain in'the Hobatt Cup, and Coriolanus, Coronet, Bonnie Scotland, or Mozart should win. At the Minyip races on Saturday last Coun cillor won the Hurdles, Mabel the Trot, Oculist the Handicap, and Doubtful Jack the Members’ Plate. Donald Nicholson was telegraphed for to ride Athenian in the Gold Cup and Handicap, at Geelong. As he couldn’t come a stable boy was put up, and the Barouet’s chauoe of winning, thereby greatly discounted. Notwithstanding the demonstration mads in favour of Plausible, at Geolong, I am imformed that tho stable did nut s'and him for an escaiiu. Welcome Jack, one of our Maori visitors has put up the following record, 28 starts, 18 wius, £4,685 annexed in stakes. Clarence, the other fellow, has faced tbe flag 92 times and got home first on 41 occ*sions, £3,887 won in stakes. Clarence is 10 years old and his first win was a Shearers Purse, value £3los, ruu for at a small meeting iu tho Marlborough Province. Iu the Oakleigh Handicap Mi-take appears under Mr W. Neill’s nomination. As that gentlemen invariably wins the first time he starts anew purchase, I expect his luck will be con tinued iu this instance. Tbe Smeaton weights are out, aud have been equitably apportioned, I wilt have something to say about tbem in my next. Clunes entries are numerous, aud the quality good—Flyiug Stakes, 17; Welter Handicap, 9; Open Handicap, 11; Trot, 15; Hurdles, 12. A satisfactory adjustment of weights will ensure a successful meeting. General entries for the Ararat Maiden Plate, Polo Pony Raoe, and two Selling races were to be made last night. The acceptances for the principal events are excellent, aud some splendid sport should result. In the absence of any definite information as to what will start, or how the money will go, I go haphazard for Woodbine or Mrs Jarley for tho Bracelet. Virago, Irralee, or Stafford to fill the situa tions in tbe Cup. And Seahorse or Mrs Jarloy to win tho Grand Stand Stakes. My tips for the second day’s racing will be scut from the aourse. Aquatically the excitement is rapidly ap proaching fever heat in Sydney. Clifford pulls Hanlan over the championship course on Satur day next for £5OO aside. Aftor making due allowance for oornstnlk iaflition as to Clifford’s grip of the water, uorivalled management of the sliding seat, most perfect feathering, and the fact that he can row more water in three strokes than tbe Canadian in four, I am de liberately of opinion that Clifford will win. If he does net, Hanlan will have to treat us to a quicker pace thau ho has yet shown himself master of. 