' THEBARTON TOWN HALL MEMORIAL-STONE. On Saturday afternoon, Hay 9, the memorial-stone of the Thebarton Town Hall was laid by the Mayoress (Mrs. E. J. ftpnald). The need of a Town flail has been felt for many years, and when completed the present building will doubtles3 prove a great acquisi tion to the district. It is situated in Henley Park, at a central spot in the township, and at the rate of progress made by the builders it will very soon be out of the contractor's hands. The buildiag will Le SO feet in length, 40 feet in breadth, and 30 feet in height. The walls wiil consist cf brick and stone upon concrete foundations. The stage occupies about 13 feet. Underneath there will be a temporary Council Chamber, 40 feet long, 12 feet wide, and y feet high. The roof will be open tiuibered, on account of the acoustic proper ties. Entrance will bs obtained to the hall by three large doorways, 8 feet across, and abundance of light and ventilation will be provided__by windows and skylights. Mes3i3. J. King & Son, carpenters, are the contractors, Mr. W. H. Medwell is doing the J masonry work, and Messrs. Withall and Wells are the architects. In the afternoon during fine weather a procession of gentlemen in fancy costumes was formed in front of the Squatters' Arms Hotel, and marched to the Town Hall site, headed by a brass band, and accompanied by a large crowd of persons. On the ground there was a pavilion with a grand stand and a refreshment stall. Considerable amusement was caused for two or three hours by a cricket match engaged in by the gentlemen in fancy costume— ghosts, clowns, barristers, priests, police- constables, &c.; being repre sented. In the middle of the play an ad journment wa3 made to an elevated platform fronting the building. Mr. Jjccoall, M.P., after a complimen tary address, presented the Mayoress with a handsome silver trowel. He thought the ratepayers of Thebarton might well be proud of their representatives in the Council', and they had a Mayor at their head who was hardly to be excelled. (Applause.) The Mayor of HimuARsn (Dr. John Roes) also handed Mrs. Ronald a silver trowel, ?which he requested her to keep as a token of the strong feeling of friendship that existed between the present Mayors of Thebarton and Hindmarah. (Cheers.) The Mayoress then ' well and truly'' laid I the stone, which was appropriately inscribed. ; The usual documents were deposited in a cavity underneath. The band in the mean time. played the National Anthem, and the assets biy afterwards gave ringing cheers for the Mayor and Mayoress, ]Jr. Rees, Mr, Bucknall, and others. The Mayor (Mr. E. J. Ronald, J.P.) ex pressed the great pleasure he felt in attend ing the ceremony that day, and thanked Mr. Bucknall and Dr. Rees for their presents to hi3 wife. The ratepayers had a good deal of difficulty in getting a Town Hall, and it was high time that they had one. The old village of Thebarton wa3 established in 1S3S, and some of the rising townships in the neighbourhood had been established for many years, and they had felt the want of a hall very badly. It was only after a very deaperate struggle that they were fortunate in getting «, vote carried for the building. He trusted sincerely that before four months Lad expired the building would be com |V-2ted. It would be one of the largest halls in South Australia, beine about ten feet krg3r than the Norwood Town Hall. He was quite sure that it would prove of the greatest benefit to the corporate tt?- °L Tneaartou, and if the inhabitants of Hiadmarsh or any other place needed the nau at anytime they would be very glad to lfcu Lheni have it. The hali would seal; 1,000, and he uoped the time was not far distant when tnere would be a two-storied build ™w«°aiV i^PPlauK-) He pronosed a u°n1 i^H*0^' Bucknall and Dr. Reea, ^lncfin^eXd(aee°r3feat ™m' 01 ilia constituents, because he had never met with anything but hearty eood feeling Irom them since he had been their 'iUeinuei'. As for doing anything to promote ihe welfare of the district, he -nas onlyitoo harpy to serve them at any time, and the more work they gave him the better he was pleaded. They would observe that Mr. ???'benezer Ward had recently advised the rate i-'*vers in the North to beware of the town members of Parliament, because they were ad vocatinr protection. All he could say to that '.vas lie hoped that every town and suburban member would support protection, which he regarded as absolutely necessary for the wel fare of the whole of the country. He did no- want to opDose the up-couatry members, but still it wa3*necessary that the interests of Adelaide and the suburbs should be consi dered along with the interests of the rest of the colony. (Cheer3.) The Matob of Hi-~dhabsh also respondedj and the proceedings then terminated. 