Liglitwares. ~ Bli PEDLA.B. . A That every line which written here may be- Qo to its mark straight and unerringly ; That every laugh be clean and fairly bought; That condemnation never go unsought; That, cut or. thrust or lend approving cheer, * ' Aim mar be honest, thought and purpose clesr. The opening of Parliament. What an event it iB __ .- in Macquarie-street, and how slightly is it felt in the city. The guns fixe, and the drums beat, and the soldiers inarch along, and his Excellency turns out in the State coach., and the ladies crowd tha Council OnunnbeT. nnA the speech is read, and the proceedings are formally begun. Yet all the while the roar of George-street is in no way abated; Georgc.street, in fact, seems hardly cognisant of the opening of Parliament. Cer-1 tainly it does not hold its breath or bow its head ; and why should ' it ? 'What is Parliament to George street? A babble, a rabble, a place I would not endure for tea thousand a year,' says one man of the street. ' Look at them, hark to them; would we put up with that sort of thing at a board meeting? Would we tolerate that sort of nonsense for a moment?' Perhaps the city man is harsh in his judgment ; but really harsh judgment is not uncalled for when we consider for a moment the nonsense with which last session closed — the worse than nonsense with which the present session opens. Let us look at it for a moment, not the Macquarie street promenade, but the real work which must at least have- been supposed to have begun when Sir John Robertson rose to move the want of confidence motion with brain, as he himself put it, as clear as a bell, and, as his enemies said, as empty also. More and more to those who have not been bred in the habit of worship or idolatory towards Sir John becomes the difficulty of recognising his stupendous merit or service to the country. Sir John got up presumably to state a case against the Ministry, but Sir John could hardly see the Ministry. He saw Mr. Bolton and he had heard Mr. Bolton' s speech, and, previously, his addressesto the electors, and he deemed it to be his duty to scute Me. Bolton, hip and thigh, from Dan to Beersheba, or from the Murray to the Darling. He was fairly successful in his smiting; no man of experience ?will doubt bis vigour and power in that way, - but surely it is not a vast understanding which Mr. Bolton could put off the track.' Wouldn't a big man have looked quietly over him and gone straight to the mark he - had risen to maker -But Sir John is not ;big, never was, and never will be big, not a bit too big to be stowed away with other ware in any pedlar's basket. Sir John tried to be big years and years ago. He went out back to the Gulf country, where since many a score of men. have made good fortunes or at least established good 'properties ; but Sis John looked tight over all fair and legitimate opportunities, and set himself to become lung of the' Gulf country, lord of a country big enough for a dozen big squatters, and he did not succeed. They all liked him well enough up there. All speak of him still with affection as a fine pioneer, an intrepid explorer, as everything, in fact, but a success in the particular thing he attempted. Very strange was the close of that Gulf venture. Mr. Alexander Stuart, as representing a great Sydney firm, was sent out to wind up the affairs of Mr. John Robertson. And so having failed with the fleeces or the beeves, the good man- came back to Sydney and took to affairs of State. Sir Henry Parkes sat down in the lowest place. Sir Henry has recently developed a most rare humility, but when the reason for taking the lowest place is so very clear, -when one sits there with the evident hope and expectation of being shortly sum moned to come up higher, is there any credit in it ? Does'nt it become a fair example of the pride that apes humility, and 60 clumsily as to deceive ?obodyr Mr.J.P.Garvan, good man, has still got Mr. Wright's head upon Ms mind, and whether he win or no Mr. Wright's head intrudes into every speech. Mr. Wright* b head was his one and only reason for rising in his place. The ghost of Mr. Wright was still in the Ministry, and if Mr. Wright himself was not there It was no fault of the Ministry. They desired to have him, and it was but the will of the people that kicked him ont. Strange that Mr. Garvan does not remember that the most vehement of all Mr. Wright* s denouncers, Mr. Angus Cameron, was also by the *t voice of the people thrust out. But, oh for a leader, a leader, a leader. Oh for a policy and men to advance and accept it ! Oh for a Parliament to see the dry Barling, the miserable waterholes where there might, and should, be locked canals and full lakes, miles broad on either bank ; the famishing cattle and sheep all to be saved by a proper Government, by wise legislation, and faithful administration. And nearer home, to see the ease with which money for all necessary purposes can be brought into the country whenever the country's Securities are made available. Melbourne, and not all Melbourne, but the Melbourne Harbour Trust wants a quarter of a million, and is offered two and a btff millions at i\ per cent., nay at less than 4£, for the loan is tSken up at an average of 10G. How many thousands have we borrowed for all sorts of municipal work at 6 and 7 per cent., and yet we imagine that we have had good government. How much there is that really good government could do for us — government that would set itself to develope all the resources of the colony. Look at iron now. How often have we looked at iron in various districts of the colony — crude iron ore by tons and by millions of tons in various districts of the colony, iron ore lying side by side with coal all ready for the smelter. How is it that we cannot reduce that iron to work able metal, to bars, to rails, and not only supply our own wants, but enter into the markets of the world. Note how America moves in that way; how sensitive America is to the movements of all the markets, how eager to take all their profit. What is this i China resolves to 'build railroads, and straight way the price of rails throughout America moves upward. Andhow does it affect us r Will we, being in the same category with China, as fast bound to wool as she to 6ilk and tea, have to pay a trifle more for our rails. We are going to China to start factories to weave our wool, to teach the Chinese to wear our wooL and it never occurs to us that we might be manufacturing our own iron, which the Chinamen would be ready and willing to buy. Much, very much, Cardinal through the week. Cardinal, not in cardinal only, but in white and gold and silk and satin, and lace and jewels. Cardinal consecrating windows, and Cardinal blessing the multitude ; Cardinal in consistory, and Cardinal in council ; Cardinal on the throne, and Cardinal in the streets. The show of the thing is all very pleasant ; it suits the climate ; it is natural. The colour and splendour are well set in all the surroundings of the city, and never so well perhaps as on Thursday last at Manly on the occasion of laying the foundation stone of the new college. They had erected a huge marquee on the little shell beach beyond Fairy Bower (where many a time and oft the fisherman had pitched his tent) ; they moved in goodly show along the sand (where of old village children and city folks were free to play) ; they sat down to a very elaborate collation (where so many# many times billies had been boiled and steaks grilled) ; and as we looked we felt and knew that the freedom of the old beach had gone for ever — that the hands of the Church was heavy upon the liberties of the people, and that the daintiest, loveliest bit of foreshore any where near Sydney had been irrevocably taken away. A little of the asperity in the earlier passages of this article may be better understood or justified when it is remembered that it was the act of that good Mend of the people, Sir John Robertson, which conveyed that estate and foreshoreto the Catholic Church ; that barred the right of free way to the peninsula, and spoiled the pleasure and curtailed the liberties of a hundred thousand people in order *that some few score of students might have the desired privacy. This good deed did that good knight, and against the advice of the Surveyor-General of the time. But ii these good people vex us at times by en croachments of that sort, they make some amends in the way of providing amusement by their public utter ances, which seem occasionally to so travesty history, as to produce actual comedy. Take, for instance, the following passages from a Cathedral sermon : — ' Three hundred years ago a great and mighty nation, . at the the bidding of an impious king, flinging away from it the tradition of a thousand years, separated from the centre of Catholic unity. The nation held in bondage a weaker nation, as Egypt of old held the Hebrews. The weaker nation refused to share in the apostacy of the stronger; a struggle, which lasted for some 250 yean, arose between the two. The one exulting in the possession of power, and shameless in her apostacy, directs all her energies to the crushing out of the Catholic faith in the other. New Neros, new Diocle tians arise and figure in history. A most cruel and diabolical code of law is framed for this end. Confis cation, imprisonment, torture, death, are the reward of fidelity. And yet the desired effect is not pro duced. Resistance is effectually made. The weaker nation has no arms save trust in God and a resolute will.' What nations in what times are referred to. Would any well-bred man suppose that the preacher was professedly dealing with the facts of the history of' England and Ireland from Henry Till, to Victoria? Yet so it is ; and if the preacher had a little more pity for our ignorance lie might remember the Maamtrasma devilry and the Phoenix Park outrage, and tell us whether he would describe the ' arms ' by which they were committed as ' Trust in God,' or 'resolute win.' Towards Ktw Guinea sets all the current of adven turous spirit in the colony just now, straight towards New Guinea. Sir Edward Strickland, K.C.B., will go, and the Admiral should go, and there are doubts if some folks would not send Sir Alfred Stephen and Sir John Robertson also. Nothing could he more antiquated than the firearms sent with the original expedition. But is it sure or reasonably certain that the expedition has perished, that the members have gone to sleep and permitted themselves to be clubbed or speared? What is the evidence ? Take it point by point. In the first place a certain meeting has not taken place as was arranged for, but how many diffi culties less than murder may have barred the way to 6uch a meeting in New Guinea. Secondly, bright knives and tomakawks have been seen amongst the natives, but it is alleged that they were sold as trade. Thirdly, two runaway blacks and one woman have told hearsay yarns of murder, but under such cir cumstances as seem almost incredible. At least there is ground for hope in the matter, though hope should breed delay in the despatch of a relief expedition. 