DUBLIN'S ARCHBISHOP. There can be no doubt now, if, indeed, there ever was any (says the Nation, August 29), that the welcome to be accorded to the Most Rev. Dr. Wabh on his return to Dublin as its Archbishop will be the warmest and most en thusiastic that any ecclesiastic has received for very many years in the metropolitan arch diocese. No person, however incredulous, could question that this will be the case after seeing the extraordinary meeting of the clergy and laity that was held in the cathedral on Wednesday to adopt the address wliieh is to oe presented to tne Arcnuisuop. ±ne sacrea edifice in Marlborough-street was crowded with priests and laymen from all parts of the diocese, and the various speakers accurately voiced the feelings of the people when they spoke in terms of satisfaction and congratulation of the appoint ment which the Holy Father has made. Could George Errington or his fellow-intriguers in the fallen Whig Ministry have been a wituoss of the scene in the cathedral on Wednesday they could not fail to recognize that a passionate joy ani mates the Irish people at the overthrow of the vile iplot which sought to prevent the appoint ment of Dr. Walsh as the successor of Cardinal M'Cabe. The presentation of the address will take place in the cathedral on Monday, Septem ber the 7th, At three o'clock a procession will be formed, and the Archbishop will make his public entry into the church. Tho address which was adopted on Wednesday will then be presented to him, the presentation taking place in the church, itself, in order that there may be ample space for all who may bo able to attend. We may be sure that the cathedral on that day will not be able to afford even standing room for one half of those who will seek admission. The following address was read and adopted at the public meeting : — ' We, your devoted flock, clergy and laity, of the diocese of Dublin, hasten to offer to yoiir Grace our warm congratulations on your coming to take possession of the chair of your illustrious prede cessor, St. Laurence O'Toole (applause), a chair placed on the Eock, against which, the combined powers of earth and hell shall not prevail. That Eock is Peter, and his lawful successors, in whom Peter still lives. We address you, our Archbi shop, as one whose antecedents have pointed you out as eminently fitted for the high oflice to which you have been raised by the Providence of God and the favour of the Apostolic See. (Applause.) Your distinguished career as a student of the Catholic University of Ireland arid of our national College of Maynooth ; your learning and ability as proved by the manner in which you discharged your professorial duties in the world-renowned Alma Mater of the great body of the Irish priest hood ; your successful administration as presi dent of that college — one of the largest and most learned in the Church j the edification given during a recent period to the clergy and to the people of this diocese by your patient endurance whilst calumny after calumny was heaped upon you by a section of the public Press (loud applause), not in sympathy with the Catholics of Ireland ; these, and much more, which, to be brief, we must omit, afford us a well- grounded hope and expectation that in the ability, prudence, and zeal with which you will administer the ecclesiastical affairs of this diocese, you will prove yourself a worthy successor of a long line of Apostolic Prelates .with which God has blessed the Diocese of Dublin. We rejoice in a special manner that your appoint ment has put an end, and we hope for ever, to any attempt to revive discussion on the hateful question of the Veto (loud and continued ap plause), on which the bishops, priests, and people of Ireland had, with the concurrence of the Sove reign Pontiff, pronounced an emphatic, and, we hope, a lasting condemnation nearly seventy years ago. (Loud- applause.) It is ineqt that your flock, clergy and laity, should turn to you/ their father in Christ, not in their spiritual ^con cerns only, but in their temporal troubles and difficulties as well, and that they should ask you to be the partner of their sorrows as well as of their joys. We do so now with a good heart, as a gleam of brightness is dissipating the dark night of our affliction. The recent past has accomplished much for our country, and given promise of the achievement of many needed reforms and ameliorations in a not distant future. Our system of primary education is based on a vicious principle, and is not suited to the re quirements of the class for whose benefit it is intended. (Applause.) In the higher de departments of education, distributive justice is grossly violated by our rulers. In consequence of repeated confiscations and the operation of unjust land laws, our rural population has been im poverished, and driven by hundreds of thousands from their homes into exile; these laws have been to a large extent modified, but much remains still to be accomplished (applause). The Providence of God has blessed our country, its land and water, with an abundance of natural and indus trial resources. These resources have been de liberately and persistently neglected by those who rule over us : unjust legislation has all but crushed their legitimate development, and the result has been that our trade has decayed, and our manufactures have been annihilated. The contrast between the stinted and spasmodic aid given by the State to the development of Ireland's resources and that so lavishly expended for a similar purpose in wealthier portions of the United Kingdom, affords just cause of complaint to the people of this country, and much reason for bitter thought and deep-rooted discontent (ap plause). The condition of our poor under the Poor Law, as at present framed and administered, is far from being what it ought to be in a Chris tian country. As a means to remedy these and many other evils, we look forward to a thorough reconstruction of the system under which Ireland has been, and is still, governed (loud and con tinued applause). In our efforts to procure the reform of abuses, and to obtain such other mea sures as the requirements of our country impera tively demand — to be obtained, however, .by just and constitutional means — we rely with confidence on your Grace's cordial sympathy and encourage ment (applause). With fervent prayers for your Grace's health and happiness, we are your obedient, faithful children in Christ.' (Ap plause.) Paris, August 24. His Grace the Most Eev. Dr. Walsh reached Paris on Saturday evening last, and was the object of a demonstration that must have glad dened his heart. On reaching the Irish College his Grace was immediately surrounded by the directors of that historic institute and a deputa tion of Irishmen from the central house of the Society of the Holy Ghost, whose members direct so successfully the flourishing establish ment:! of Blackrock and Eockwell. On the invitation of the General of that Order his Grace, accompanied by hia chaplain, the Eev. Father Kenrick, and the Very Rev. Father Power, President of the Catholic College of Pittsburg, America, proceeded this morning to Chevilly, where he spent the day with the community, and officiated pontih'cally in pre sence of a vast assembly of ecclesiastics, some 300 gathered from the different communities of the order to celebrate their principal feast. The well-known lituvgist, tbe Rev. Father Levavasseur acted as master of ceremonies. During the day there was a formal reception, when the Archbishop was congratulated and thanked by the General of the Order, and re ceived an address from the Irish portion of the coraojunity. Dr. Walsh responded in his usual happy strain, remarking how pleased he was at ' the happy coincidence of his being received immediately on his arrival at Rome by an Irish coa-.mumty, and immediately on his arrival at Paris by a deputation of Irish eccleciastics on the part of an order whose members had laboured long and successfully in the cause of Irish education.' Before his departure hia Grace, accompanied by his lordship, Mgr. Dubein, one of the bishops of the society, visited the extensive grounds attached to the community. As he passed through he expressed his admira tion of the noble structure, once the suburban villa of King Louis XV, and the beautiful groves and shady alleys of the magnificent domain. His Grace left for Paris this evening amidst the enthusiastic cheers of all. As the carriage moved away the ringing cries of ' Long live our Archbishop' testified that not only the Irish at home but the Irish abroad hailed with delight his elevation to the old time-honoured see of St. Laurence O'Toole. 