MARIUS THE EPICUREAN . It is permissible to doubt whether the novel ought ever to concern itself with those remoter periods of history which are so little known to the general reader that he requires antiquarian guidance at every step. Comparing even Walter Scott's Monastery and Woodstock with the histories of Froude and Macaulay, the ad vantage is surely on the side of the historian for interest and a sense of reality. The dis tance that, divides us from tho Rome of the Caesars is. of course, incomparably greater than that which separates us from the England of Milton or of Shakspeare, and the result is that almost every classical novel, from Lockhart's Valerius to Bulwer's Last Days of Pompeii or Whyte Mel ville's Gladiators produces the effect of being partly made up out of a Dictionary of Antiqui ties. Kingsley felt and overcame the difficulty in a characteristic way in Hypatia by making his heroes and heroines talk very much like young Cambridge men fresh from Mr. Maurice's teaching, but it must he admitted that Raphael lost a good deal of the ancient Jew and Hypatia not a little of the ancient Greek in the process. Mr. Pater's new novel— Marius, the Epicurean — which has achieved more than a success of esteem in Eng land, is a cross between the system that tran sports the reader into the old world and that which assimilates early humanity to the wants and intellectual cravings of our own time Throughout, classical coloring has been very rigtdly preserved, and the writer has had the good sense to draw his materials almost exclusively from writers of or pear the time in which the scene of action is laid. Pliny's Letters , The Golden Ass of Apuleius , The Dialogues of Lucien and The Personal Thoughts and the Letters of Marcus Aurelius are the sources from which scenes are reproduced or coloring communicated. Where a writer out of the time like Tibullus is quoted it ,is nnder such critical limitations as make the references natural, because an archaism has to be justified or because the best thoughts of a great poet have preserved their freshness into a later time. Altogether it is very pleasant to read a work like Marius, the Epicurean, which is not disfigured by any palpable blunders or anachronisms, and in which a light story is very gracefully told. Mr. Pater's meaning, however, is not to take a story for its own sake, or as a vehicle of his classical lore, but because he wishes to enforce a lesson of modern thought by an early analogy. If it is fair to compare his present, work with that of other men, Marius may he said to recall that much overrated book, John Inglesant, by its tone and general structure. If Mr. Pater belongs to any school, it is to that of which Dr. Matthew Arnold is the prophet, John Inglesant, as far as it had any definite meaning, ap peared designed to recommend a religious quietism of the High Anglican type. Marius, the Epicurean— so far as we can discern — is in tended to recommend an intellectual quietism — the doctrine of sweetness and light — and to show that " Cyrenaicism, with its worship of beauty of the body — of physical beauty — might perform its legitimate moral function as a counsel of perfection for the few." All that is wanted, cither in the second or the nine teenth century, is to refer it as a part of the whole to that larger well adjusted system of the old morality, through which the better portion of mankind strive in common towards the realisation of a better world than the pre sent."' In short, the teaching of Epicurus, which is commonly supposed to he the very antithesis of Christianity, with its ascetic life and spiritual ideal, appears to Mr. Pater a natural preparation for Christianity, and, after a little preliminary training in the writings of Aristippus and from the mouth of Lucian, Marius becomes an interesting neophyte, and dies with the aureola of martyrdom, receiv ing the mass and supreme unction. Mr. Pater admits that this connection of the gospel of pleasure with the Christians' gospels was a happy accident. He has chosen to describe a time when " the Church was true for a mo- ment, truer, perhaps, than she would ever be again to the element of profound serenity in the soul of her founder which reflected the eternal goodwill of God to man " in whom, "according to the oldest version of tho angelic message," " He is well pleased." He admits that this ' peace of the church" when heathen temples, with their rich treasures of art were adapted to Christian worship, and when the Church "broke out into the beginnings of a true ecclesiastical music" was speedily supplanted by "a fanatical reaction — sour, falsely anti-mundane, even with an air of ascetic affectation and a bigoted dis- taste in particular for all the peculiar grades of womanhood." What he contends is that the period of sweet reasonableness was that which was genuinely Christian, and from which the ascetic reaction was a falling off. In considering such a view as this it is im possible not to be staggered by some critical difficulties. It may be due to inaccurate appre hension that tho world generally regards Christi anity as rather stoic in its tendencies than epicu rean, and it is certainly a small point in Mr.Pater's favor that Marcus Aurelius disliked and perse cuted the Christians. It is true, as Mr. Pater observes, that Christianity exalted the body, and in a sense appeared to adopt the doctrine of philosophy that " we touch heaven when we lay our hand upon a human body." Whether, however, the Christian doctrine that the body was the Temple of the Holy Ghost did not lead practically to certain ascetic consequences may be more than doubted. Mr. Pater finds inhumanity in the doctrine of Marcus Aurelius that " the aim of the spirit would be to treat the body as a thing really dead, a corpse, and actually to promote its dissolution but Mr. Pater himself must remember the pas sage in which the great Emperor, while he speaks of a readiness to show off life as com mendable, blames the Christians for their dis- position to court death out of mere obstinacy. That Christianity first inculcated the sanctity of life even when no law was violated by taking it, and the holiness of self-respect, even when unchastity did not disturb the family order, is, on the whole, true ; but it cannot be said to have borrowed its views on either subject from any school of moral philosophy. The most that can be said for Epicureanism is that its tendency was to make men a little less indifferent to existence, and proportionately a little more in dulgent to pleasure. Hegel says that an Epicurean who kept his master's precepts in view lived pretty much like a Stoic ; and both had a great deal in common with Christians. The distinguishing note surely came in when it was a question of action. The Stoic was pledged to work ; the Epicurean held that the highest pleasures — those which it was man's first law of nature to procure — were the plea sures into which excitement entered. The Christian, on the other hand, was to take life as it came to him. It may be true, as Mr. Pater says, that the " side of the divine character of Christ rightly understood is the final achievement of that vein of bold and brilliant hopefulness in man, which had sustained him so far through his immense labor, his immense sorrows." Only there is not the faintest evidence that this side was appreciated by the early Church. Destined as it was to Conquer the world,it had no thought of battle or conquest, or empire. Its dreams were of persecution and endurance, of renunciation of wealth, of putting aside the pleasures of sense, of not even looking at the things that were seen, and of waiting till the voice of the Eternal Bridegroom should call. There is all the charm of novelty about Mr. Pater's view of Marcus Aurelius as a Philistine. The world has been so accustomed to hear of the great Emperor as the one perfect exemplar of our frail humanity that one is tempted in sheer perverseness to welcome the appearance of a devil's advocate." "After his death," says *Marius, the Epicurean, by Walter Pater. London .- Wacmlllan tad Co. Gibbon, " many persons preserved the image of Marcus Antoninus among their household gods." "The true gospel of all time," says Renan, " tho book of the Thoughts will never grow old." " Christian at heart, he was Christian in his acts," says Ampère, who adds, quoting a historian of the time approv ingly, that " if Marcus Aurelius had not then been born the whole Roman Empire might have crashed." "Placed at tho summit of all the previous attainments of humanity." says J. S, Mill, "with an open unfettered intellect and a character which led him of himself to embody in his moral writings the Christian ideal." What has Mr. Pater to urge against all this ? Needless to say that he is too able and discriminative a critic not to recognise in Aurelius the first man of the day, " representing all the light, all the apprehensive power that might be in pagan intellect." He brings into full relief the Emperor's charming family life ; his affection for his old tutor : his loyalty to Faustina, who perhaps deserved it better than her traducers would have us believe ; and his tender and vigilant thought for his children. He does not omit, to commemorate the founda tion of the Faustinian Girls — an Imperial Orphanage — and the sale of all the Em peror's property in time of war that the taxes might be lightened. ' He does not forget Marcus's sobriety in dress, and his care to surround himself with worthy friends. In the oration " on the contempt of the world" which Mr. Pater puts into Fronto's mouth, apparently that Aurelius may not appear too exclusively didactic, we get a cento of the very best pas sages in the "Thoughts" reproduced or imitated. Where, then, does Mr. Pater find the flaws by which Marcus Aurelius can be convicted of inferiority ? One charge is that Aurelius could bear to be present at the gladiatorial shows in the great slaughter-house of the Coliseum. It is admitted that he had done a great deal to make them less bloody, and he has himself recorded his thankfulness that he never took pleasure in them. There can be little doubt that he went through the wearisome hours of carnage as an irksome official necessity ; be cause it was customary for the Emperor to be present ; because his wife Faustina enjoyed it ; perhaps even to repress the fiercer instincts of his colleague Verus. On the other hand it is also true that Stoicism had its paradoxes about the imperceptibility of pain, and that in its overwrought contempt for the body it encouraged an affectation of contempt for siffering and death. "There was something," says Mr. Pater, "in the bare fact that Aurelius could sit patiently through a scent like that which seemed to Marius to mark him as eternally his inferior on the question of righteousness ; to set them on opposite sides, in some great conflict, of which this difference was but one presentment." The question really at issue is whether the Epi cureans had arrived at any higher moral level on this subject than the Stoics. The strongest pro test thus far delivered against the barbarity of spectacular slaughters had been from the Stoic Seneca. Christians were not yet in a position effectually to denounce an amusement, of which they furnished an important part, but unless they have exaggerate the services of the church in this matter, it would seem that Christianity alone deserves the credit of having abolished the Roman's holiday The reform was begun under the first Chistian Emperor Constan tine ; and it was not thoroughly established for nearly two centiries. If the disciples of Epicurus had contribited anything to it in the meantime, Mr. Pater should not have sup pressed their names. After a visit to the family circle of Marcus Aurelius, Marius "sought after his manner to determine the main trait" in the eminent company he had observed, and "had to confess that it was a sentiment of medio crity, though of a mediocrify for once really golden." The change here seems to be indis tinctly referred to "the humor into which Stoicism at all times teds to fall, the tendency to cry 'Abase yourselves' " The ascetic habit of thought, associated with a discreet and scrupulous simplicity of life, will, of course, strike an ordinary observer as gray and cheer less. The Thoughts of Marcus Aurelius are a series of lessons in self-discipline ; and though Goethe has laid it down as a canon that "the master is first revealed in his limitations," the world at large prefers the impulsive adven turous temperament to the negative qualities of good taste and self-restrain. What we really have to ask is whether an moral system can implant initiative or teach energy. Mr. Pater contrasts ascetisism, "the sacrifice of one part of human nature to another that it may live in what survives the more completely," with culture, which is " the harmonious development of all the parts of human nature in just proportion to each other." On one side all pruning; on the other side al growth. Mean while is it not the case that ay real theory of morals demands something more of humanity than that it shall have grown to its most ex alted stature? "The sin I impute to each frustrate ghost," says Browning in some of his most nervous lines " is tho unt lamp and the ungirt loin." Of the two, Stoiism looks more like a training for expected action ; Epicurean ism more like content it consummate being ; a life of good impulses and in tellectual energies without any particular thought of the social order or its conditns. That, at least, is its record read by experiince. Scholars must determine whether Mr. Pter is right in thinking that the church had it brief, beauti ful moment of creative faculty during which it poured out its soul in song and art. What is certain is that the church was habitually ascetic— distinctly Stoic rather thj Epicurean — and that while it professed qietness and submission, and tried to efface itself, and to avoid conflicts with tho State, it ras yet the most acrid solvent of the social and political order that the world has ever seen. Did the noblest of heathen philosophers at this time look upon Christianity as more than a Syrian superstition in which some fine moral teaching was mixed up with a great deal that was contemptible and absurd ? If not is it not a little overstrained to represent Epicurianism as Christian in tendency because it is possible after eighteen centuries to explain the rule that you are to live for pleasure in conformity with the catch- words of moral philosophy, and because ritualism in the Christian Church has certain affinities with art? A story in which there is very little action, and practically no love, must naturally depend a great deal for its success on episodical treat ment of features in the time. Mr. Pater is singu- larly happy in the passages in which he notices that cultivation of style for its own sake which was so marked a feature of the first two centuries of our era. It has been the fashion to talk of the time of Juvenal and Tacitus, of Pliny, Quintilian and Apuleius as a time of " silver" Latinity The word implies some- thing with less of color and opulence than had gone before, and precisely the characteristic of this period is that it joined to an exquisite care in the use of words a very copious vocabulary recruited from all the pro- vinces. It was, in fact, an age of literary bric a-brac, like tho revival in France of which Balzac and Victor Hugo were the apostles, which has made it difficult to read French novels by such a dictionary as would he served the contemporaries of Voltaire. The conception that Flavian, Marius's literary friend, determines in his archaism to be " broad and simple like the old writers of Greece, "shows the Mr. Pater apprehends thoroughly the re. disease of second rate men fallen upon ev days, who are perpetually haunted with a sense that after all style without genius is like a body without a soul. The old jewels of speech had to be exhumed from sepulchres, the old dresses dragged to light out of family ward- robes, because to parody Aurelius's phrase about tho soul and the body the style of the second century was a dress holding up a corpse The garment was stiff with gold, but the form within was lifeless. It is another new feature in Mr. Pater's book that in dealing with Roman life he allows us to see another side of it than that 'which we de rive from the darker pages of Juvenal and Taci tus. Even Tacitus lets us suspect that there may have been other just men in Rome besides Germanicus, Helvidius and Thrasea, or Agri- cola. Even Juvenal can conceive a purer life in the country than was usual among great men's palaces. Mr. Pater, drawing chiefly from Pliny and from the letters of Marcus Aurelius, gives us a glimpse of that sacred family life which was a liberal educa tion in itself, and in which the influ ence of good women counted for so much. The theory assumes, of course, that the change which Tacitus deprecated, of commit ting children to a Greek or a slave instead of leaving them in the charge of some elder lady of the family, was only naturalised in a few- homes of the higher nobility ; and that private gentlemen in general lived quietly on their estates, cherishing the old religion, and giving themselves up to the sober pleasures of a country life. It is surely a true historical conception that describes Marius in his boyhood as "help ing his mother with her white and purple wools, and caring for her instruments," till " he won, as if from the handling of such things, an urbane and feminine refinement, qualifying the freshness of his country- grown habits — the sense of a certain delicate bland- ness, which he relished above all on returning to the chapel of his mother after long days of open-air exercise in winter or stormy summer." Marius the Epicurean abounds with careful and tenderly touched pictures of Roman life and Italian scenery, and its chapters are pleasant reading to more than the scholar. The philo sophical theory it is meant to convey cannot perhaps be rated higher than as a clever para dox, but even this gives a fresh and suggestive reading of a very charming page in the history of the Caesars. 