I WAS HIS A HERO! MANY a time Frank Clifton had looked up to the beautiful outliue of Mount Diablo, standing out against the distant sky, with the natural longing to climb its rugged heights and gaze upon the wonderful panorama to be seen from tho summit. His father had pro- mised to take thc whole family there some day, but " some day" ix usually long in coming, and so it bad proved in this instance. Great then was Franks delight when he was invited by his teacher, Mr. Naylor, to accom- pany him on an excursion to the mountain, along with the other members of hiB class. They were to be gone two days, and camping out would see the sun Bet and rise, and, nest of all, Mr Naylor meant to take his rifle and try to get a shot at a deer. Never were six boys in a wilder state of excitement, though it was the private belief of Frank's family, that thc other five combined could scarcely equal their boy in his exuberant delight. There was nothing else thought of or spoken about ; it was the mountain, the mountain, from morning to night, and every book in the house were ransacked which could throw a ray of light on the history or geography of Contra Costa country, that the young moun- taineer might not be ignorant on any point. It had been settled that Mr. Naylor should go first to Martinez to make all necessary arrangements, thc boys were to join bim there, where he would have a conveyance in readinesa on the arrival of their train. Each member of the party was to carry his own blanket, and to contribute to the general stock of provisions. Mothers have a fashion of interesting them- selves intensely in the pleasures of their children, and Mrs. Clifton had never taken greater pains than in preparing the contents of Frank's lunch basket. Frank himself looked on with sparkling eyes. " How good you are !" he exclaimed at last, giving her a regular bear's hug. " I don't believe there's another fellow tn the world has got a mother like you." " I wonder what you would do if anything happened to keep you at home, Franki' said his eldest sister teasingly. " Do 1" exclaimed the boy, " it's the rest of you would have something to do ; either to bury me or to send me to Napa. " " Frank," said his mother, snaking her ' head, " don't bo foolish. I should be as sorry ag you if you should have suoh a-disappoint? nient; but it would not COB t either of us our life or bur reason,'I hope." " Well, I don't want to have it tried," said Frank, as he tornèd away. The next morning broke' bright and beau- tiful ) there was no sign of cloud or fog on all the wide horizon, and Frank was ready to . set out in good season. His own home was about a mile distant from the village where the other boys lived, and he was to meet them at the station. By taking a short cut through the fields and along the railroad, he could shorten the distance somewhat, and as it was not convenient for bis father to drive him over, he weut in that way. Passing the house of their nearest' neigh- bour-a lady who hod lately lost her husband -he saw her little daughter standing at the garden gate. " Where's 'oo gobi' ?' she asked, for Frank and she were great friends. " Away up there to the top of tho moun- tain," said Frank, as he pointed to Mount Diablo. -" Oh, let me go wif'oo," said little Margie entreatingly. " Not this time. Margie," said Frank. " Wait till you're a great big girl, and then I'll take you." " I wants to go now," said Margie, begin- ning to cry ; but Frank, thinking her tears would not last long, said, " I'm sorry, Margie but I can't take you now. Run in and ask your mother if you can go when you are big enough." Then he walked on. Why did he not look bock* Many times afterwards he asked himself that question, but new he was only intent on what lay before him. He soon reached the railroad ; it was safe enough walk- ing on the track at that hour, for there was no traiu due before the one he was to meet at the station ; there was plenty of time, and he did not hurry. Two of the boys were before him, and the other three soon joined them ; but as the lost one made his appearance, the others raised a shout, " Tom, where's your lunch-basket ?" Poor Tom ! He was one of those boys who are always late, always forgetful, and his blank look was too much for the rest of the party, who burst out laughing. " I forgot my watch," be said, *' and when I went back for it I put my basket down undera bush, aad now-what am Ito doT1 " Yon can't go back," said Frank ; " the 'train ia due in ton minutes. But never mind I-you can go shares with me. I've got enough for-why, Margie !" With one bound Frank (prang of ¿he plat- form, and caught np a little figure tolling painfully along the track. " Margie what are yon doing here ! Where did you come from t" '. "rae goin' wifoo to the mountain," sud Margie, nodding her small head. "But yon can't go with me," said Frank, in despair. " Where ia your mother ?" *' She's home. I ruined sway. I'se goin' wifoo" " Fellows," exclaimed Frank, " what on earth am I to do with her ? She lives close to our home, and she's followed me all the way." " Send her back the way. she came," said one. " Leave her here till some one comes for her," said another. "Take her along," suggested a third. He could not send her back, the poor little creature, at the risk of her life, neither could be leave her there with no one to take oars of her. A mist came over MB eyes, and his heart beat wildly with a feeling of suffoca- tion, as he heard in the distance the whistle of the approaching train ; but his mind was made up. " Boys," he said, " if anything happened to that child her mother would go out of her Benses. I must take her home." " And give np the trip?" There wat a general howl from all the party. . ¡ "Yes," said Frank. "Tell Mr. Naylor I couldn't help it. Here Tom, take my basket, I'm glad mother's lunch won't go to waste. Good-by. Have a fine time." He was glad of the hurry and buBtle, giving him no time to think, but as the train moved off. and the boys shouted and waved their handkerchiefs out of the windows, do you blame him for feeling cruelly disapointeóv? - " Now, little Margie," he said to the child, whose hand be had held all the timo, " I mott take you home," ' Something in the tone of his voice roads Margie understand that she had been naughty. " I'se sorry, Frank," she Baid with a sob, " but I did want to go wif 'oo." " Never mind," said Frank, " well go another time ;" and taking her up he carried her, for she was too tired to walk. The hired girl came running to meet him as he drew near the house. " Oh, Mister Frank, wherever did ye find the child ? It's out of me senses I am with the fright." " You'd better look after her another time," said Frank. " I found her at the station." Nora lifted her hands and eyes in horror. . .' What would the mother say? She's sick in bed, and I never told her the child was gone." " Don't tell her now," said Frank. " Good by, Margie, don't run away again." He dreaded the meeting at home, but when he went in the back-way and opened the kitchen door, his mother was alone. " Prunk 1" she started with surprise and fright. " Don't be afraid, mother, its not my ghost," and in a few words he told her nil. Those two days were pretty hard to beor : indeed, Fi auk did not know how he could have got through them without IUB mother's help; but she managed to Bave him from being pitied, while at the same time he felt that every one in the house shared his dis- appointment. And when the excursionists returned he was at the station to meet them, eager to here all their news. What waa it that was taken out of the train and laid on the platform? A beau- tiful deer with branching horns? Frank's unselfish delight waa as great as that of the boys who had been witnesses af Mr. Naylor's exploit. " I will be over this evening, Frank, to tell you all our adventures," said the teacher, taking thc boy's hand with a kindly pres-, sure. And he kept his word. " We all missed you," he said privately to Frank in the course of the evening, but the reason for your absence was one that made me proud of my scholar." A month later there was a surprise party at Frank's home-a real surprise party, for no one had any hint of it until the door bell rang, and Mr. Naylor and the five boys who' had gone up the mountain were ushered in. They brought with them a mysterious box, which was opened and found to contain the antlers of a deer, mounted and ready for putting up over tbs door. " When I shot the deer," said Mr. Naylor, " I decided that the antlers should be the" Eroperty of that member of our party who ad shown most unselfishness and the greatest desire to minister to the happiness of others. When I asked the other boys to help me to decide who should hare this, memorial of our excursion, they answered with one voice, ' Frank Clifton,' and I think there is no doubt they decided right. There is a very pretty little poem of Celia Thax-, ter'e, which you may have ready whose cloth.*; verse you will find engraved on the little silver plate attached to the memento. Tba words are these : That was noble, Roger, that was glorious, Thus to holp the weak Better than to set your fla? victorious On earth's highest peak. Great "applause followed Mr. Naylor'* speech, and afterwards there was a pleasant evening, with songs and gaines and a famous supper, of which Tom's share had not been ' forgotten. " But, mother" said Frank, when the com pany had left, " it seems like making a greata fuss about nothing, after all, for what else.' could I have done?" .'','./¿J And his mother smiled a happy, satis- fied smile, as she answered, " Dear, the'' noblest deeds which have won the highest , praise have been permonned by men . who j were thinking only of doing the duty which1 lay before them, as my boy did when he gavt>3 uy bis own pleasure to bring little Margie ', borne."-Huted Prut. > AH HONG, reports the Argus, a Chínese :j gardener, who arrived from China in tbs-* steamer Taiwan on July 6, appeared ott : summons before Mr. Call, P.M., and several^ justices, at the City Court, on Tuesday,.to: answer a charge of having been concerned In concealing 90 tins of opium on which no doty ;'; had been paid, and to show cause why ,the.. opium should not be forfeited. Mr. Best'. prosecuted on behalf of the Customs Depart- ''. ment, and Mr. Gaunson defended the accused, On July 7, when the passengers' luggage waa landed,David Joyce, a landing waiter examined the boxes as they came ashore Ul the presence of the owners. Two black ' boxes came under his notice, and he called for thc owners. Ah Hong went forward and took the keys, with which the boxes were!' subsequently unlocked, from hts pocket. Joyos ; opened the boxes, and found Chinese clothing in them. He was about to pass them, when he noticed that the inside of the box was Bhallow as compared with the depth outside, \ Further examination revealed a false bottom to each of the boxes, and between them and the real bottoms was sufficient space for one tin of opium to lie. The boxes were taken into the Customs shed, and the defendant waa detained. Ah Mouey, a Chinese merchant, well known to the Customs officers, gave a guarantee for the appearance of Ah Hone, should he be summoned, aud, therefore, M I was not then arrested. Each of the boxes ' contained 45 tins, and altogether there were , 35lb. of opium concealed in them. The duty on the drug was 20s. per lb. Mr. Gaunson ' contended that the boxes were not thepro-. perty of his client, but belonged to Ah Ches, ' a fellow-passenger of the defendant, who was away hiring a cab when the luggage was : examined, and had given the keys to Ah - Hong, and asked him to open the boxes for ' the Customs officer. After the discovery of the opium Ah Chee went away, and has not. since been seen, but a letter had been received^ from bim from Sandhurst. Several other of, the Chinese passengers by the Taiwansaldraqr r Identified the boxes as Ah Chees propertr-i. .nd they had not seen him since they from the steamer. The Bench ooasids.. " joass against the defendant eetablished, ; {fined'him £100, anio ordered th» oosfiaoatloai joFUw boxes and their contents. TÏTil 