BERYL MANSIONS. [By the Author of "In the Dead of Night"] Night after night, morning after morn- ing, I lay awake listening for a repetition of the sound of the mysterious footsteps overhead ; but time went on till weeks had gone by, and all my listening was, still in vain. It was unaccountable. But most things come to him who can afford to wait, and wait I did, night after night, with a sort of grim patience, feel- ing assured that before I had done with it I should fathom the mystery that at pre- sent baffled me. And so, by and by, it fell out that my patience was rewarded. It was a dull and heavy December night, with the soft rain falling silently outside. I had dozed off on the sofa and had been asleep nearly an hour, when I awoke suddenly to find that it was past two o'clock and to hear the slow, regular tramp of footsteps overhead. I started to my feet, as wide awake in an instant as ever I had been in my life. I listened, hardly breathing, while one might have counted twenty, and still the slow pacing overhead went on. Then I crept to the door of my room, opened it noiselessly, and ventured on to the dark landing outside. Here I stood listening again. I could still hear the footsteps, but very faintly. Leaving my slippers I began to climb the stairs one by one, and came to the landing above. Step by step I drew closer to the door of the mysterious room, and my fingers rested lightly on its jet the creaking of a board, not a sound of any kind had betrayed my presence. The darkness was intense. I looked for a thin thread of light shining from under the door, but I looked in vain, half kneeling, I laid my ear against the panel of the door. More plainly than ever was now the sound of the pacing foot steps. There was something weird about that measured, mulled tread in the locked up room in the dead waste and middle of the night. I shuddered while I listened. Who was this mysterious being who ob- tained access to the room without anyone knowing how, and who left it after the same unaccountable fashion ? And with what object was he there at all? After all my waiting and listening, was I any nearer the heart of the secret than I was the first time the sound fell on my startled ears ? I had not s'trred when the footsteps ceased. The silence that followed was broken, after a few moments, by a low, wailing, inarticulate cry—the cry of a soul in despair, if ever I heard one. Then silence again. I waited longer, but the death like stillness of the old house re- mained unbroken. Then I crept down to my own room, feeling sad at heart. I am afraid that my duties next day re- ceived but a very divided attention at my hands. My strange experience of the previous night dwelt in my thoughts to the exclusion of almost everything else. It behoved me to do something in the matter, but what that something ought to be I was at a loss to decide. I had a call to make after leaving the bank in the evening, which took me half a mile or so out of my ordinary way. That off my mind I turned into the nearest restaurant to dine, and sat down at the first table there was a vacant chair, a waiter handing me the menu. Having given my order found time to look about me, and could not help a little start of surprise when I saw that my cis-a-cis was none other than my next door neighbour Mr. Lydford. I had never spoken to him and felt sure he did not recognise me, but went quitely on with his dinner, dividing his attention between it and a newspaper which he had propped up against a decanter close to his plate. I liked much the expression of his face, and it was probably this which in- duced me to ask myself, " Why should I not take Mr. Lydford into my confidence, and crave his advice ? He, too, may have gh 5.e footsteps-the locked up room r ýidle |ed from his room by the ehi cl-eso ata wall." Tlhe idea comi mended itself to me as the right thing to do. I waited until hlie was trifling with his cheese arid rusks and then introduced myself to hlim by name as his next door eneightbour. He held out his hand with the frankness of an elderly mean towards one so many yars his junior.. 'i thought I knew your face, 3r. Dimsdale,' he said, 'but could not call to mind where I had seen it. I am plcased to make your acquaintance.' Talling further, it came out, to the sur prise of both of us, that many years before Mr. Lydford had been intimately nac quainted with an uncle of mine, who was since dead. The fact at once put me at my ease with respect to what I wanted to tell him. ' May I ask whether you are aware that the room next those occupied by you that is to say, the rooms on the same floor, but in the next house, the house in which 1 live- were let and furnished ready for occupation some eighteen months ago 1' I said abruptlj.. "[lho person for whom they were engaged has hitherto failed to put in an appearance, and they have re mained locked up from that day to this. Rather curious, is it not!' He was balancing a cheese knife absently between his thumb and finger when I began to speak, but lhe put it downr at once, and turned his dark eyes full upon me. For a moment or two he seemed to be pondering my question. Then he answeerd slowly 'As you say, Mr. Dimsdale, it is rather curious; but London is a place where many curious things happen.' 'But I havr~ not yet mentioned the strangest part of the affair.' 'Indeed! 'What is that?' So I told hiss everything as I have told it here. No one could have listenedmore attentirely thanhe.'' And nor you ask me for my advice in the matter,' he said, when I had done.:' SI do,' he replied, ' if you will kindly give it me. Tlq rcaponsiblility seems to me one that ought to be shared with others.' Hesmiled a littlb at this. 'Possibly you over-rate the responsibility, Mr. Dims dole. In any case my advice is that you take no definite action of any kind for the present Wait and see what further comes of the affair. It is seldom well to mir yourself up in business that does not really concern you. Let the mysterious =footsteps ceame or go, what matters it to wore Thereare secrets on every side of you, if you suly knew it, and this is only one more aiddel to the number.' I had asked MIr. Lydfotd for Iris advice, and I felt bound to abide by it Under the circumstances it was possibly the best tlcat couldl be given, yet it was not quite what I had lhoped for. MIr. Lydford turned the subject by calling for a bottle of wine, telling me that we miaust drink a glass together to the memoey of his old friend sny Uncle George. - r . -" ' One question, sir; I whispered lwes the waiter had gone for the wine, 'iA you have notsaid so's I prebumo that, yoi beorer heard any sound of footsteps i the room next yours 1' Mr. Lydford shook his head. i have the misfortune t b slightly deaf,' he re plied. ' Sudi 'a nose as the one you haev. spoken aboit would never be heard by me.' CuliArn IV. It was on the third afternoon after hIy interview with Mr. Lydford that we met again. I was turning the corner of a street not far from home when I felt somo one tap men on the shoulder; I looked round, and there was 3r. Lylford, with a young lady oi his arm. I felt at once that this was the pretty niece of whom Daniel Ivy had spoken in such enthusiastic terms. But pretty was hardly the word to apply to her:a ehe was more than that. Tall, fair, and stately, with eyes the colour of a summer sea in sunlight and a wealth of golden-brown hair, Mlabel Gilmour seemed to me then, when lirst she broke upon my vision, as gracious and beautiful as one of the fabled goddesses of old. But what struck ime much was the strange melan choly that filled her eyes- strange, that is, in one so young-and that gazed out at you from their lurk blue depths and that lurked like a shadow behind her smiles. There was a sadness, too about the lines of her mouth which 'caused her to seem older than her years. :H er life holds some griat ourrow," was. my involuutary thought. Mr. Lydford introduced me. Theii 1h added: iIf oun have nothing better to do this evening, Dimsdald, come to my rooms about eight and bling' with you that flute whose dulcet notes I have had the pleasure of listening to incre than once. Both Mabel and I play a little, and- we may perhaps be able to manage a trio.' Such an invitation needs no pressing to secure its acceptance, and at five miliutes past eight I: knocked at Mr. Lydford's dnor with myflute under nmy arm. Thant evening was one of thle happlest of lmy life. Miss Gilmour played tie violin and her uncle the violoncello, and they both played in a style that'put my poor per formance to the blush. Two orthree times I caught Miss Gilimour's eyes fixed on' fic with an expressiou in thei I was ata loss to understanl. It had nothing to do with the music; I felt sure of that. lio look was nther one of quiet scrutiny, as thouh I interested her in some way to me un known, and she was cndeiavouringto arrive at some conclusion respecting ime in her own mind. I was notidiot enough to think her interest in me had its origin in any other feeling than ceriosity. With ile it might be, and was, a case of love at first sight; but something seemed to tell me that Miss Gilmour had far more serious objects than love-making wherewith, to occupy htr thoughts. When the evening came to an end, we shook hands and bade each other good-bye till our next imeting, which as Mr Lydford said, would probadly not for a couploof months arthe soonest. 'ut Ipromnise you this, Dimsdale,' heX added, 'that when Mabel is next in tiwn, and has an evening to spare, I will let you know, and then if you and your flute do hot join us it will be your own fault.' All my dreams that night were of those deep blue eyes, that with all tleir sadness were yet so beautiful. Under the influenco of this newer and sweeter influence which had crept thus unexpectedly into my life, it seemed only natural that the morhid faucies as to the mysterious noises in tlh rooni over mine should fail to occupy my thoughts so fre quently as heretoforo. But, glad though 1 should have been to forget all about them, it was not fated that I should be allowed to do so. Ond morning, about a week later, I found a letter on mny table, addressed in an unknown hand. The writing being evidently that of a lady, I opened it with a feeling of curiosity. The contents, how ever, proved startling enough to turn my mild curiosity into full-eyed wonder. Here is what was written : ' Sir,-It having came to the knowledge of the writer that you have been disturbed at various times by hearing strango noises at midnight in the empty rooms inmmediately above those" occupied by yourself, for which you are unable to account, and that you have spoken to dif ferent individuals respecting the noise in question, and are endeavouring to tracu the origin of them, you are hereby imost earnestly requested and entreated to pro coed no further in tlie matter. You will, the writer feels assured, not fail to accede to this request, when you are told that a family secret of a most painful and terrible kind, involving the happiness of several innocent people depends upon your abso lute silence in the affair. In due time all shall be revealed to you-what to you at present seems so unaccountabo shall be fully explained. , Meanwhile, the writer relies upon your kindness of heart and your honour as a gentleman, to keep in violato the trust which is placed with implicit confidence in your hands.' There was not -my signituro to the document, or anything to give a '*liI to my unknown correspondent. The first thing I did after recovering from my sur prise was to endeavourto call to mind how many people in all I hid told about tio footsteps. Beyond 31M. Lydford and Dan iel Ivy, I could rememaer but two. One of them was young ~Iacintosh, a fellow clerk, and tile other an old friend from the country who callid upon me at nmy rooms, and with whom I went one night to the theatre Fronlm 'lich of thluso f ur persons could thleariter of the letter have derived his or her information ; not from Mr. Lydford certainly, I decided without a moment's hesitation. Perhaps not di rectly from any one of them, but from some other person at second or third hand to whom the circumstance had been told as something curious and out of the com mon. In any case it was a point of re specting which all the speculation in tho world was scarcely likely to land me at any delinite result. I would have liked to laytny strange communication before Mr. Lydfurd, and ask his opinion' with respect to it, but the terms' in which 'it was written, if I made up my mind to carry out the wishes of tile writer, were such as leftnme no option in the matter. I felt that the trust thus imposed upon Ime was a sacred one, and that, luosiever much my curiousity might be excited, the secret must be kelit. Upon reaching home two days later I found a briet note from Mr. Lydford, asking me to look in upon him as early as possible. I hurried off at once. As I ascended the stairs ML Latour was coming down. e raised his hat and stood aside fern monent to let me pass. ' Good evening, sirl' he said, with that detestable smile of his whicll displayed the range of his sharp, white, wolfish-looking teeth. I mutterd something in reply and hurried past him, taking two stairs at a timeo. Knocking at Mr. Lydford's door I turned the handle 'and went in. Mr. Lydford came out of his bedroom ; ha had his coat off and was: washing his hands. ' Sit down' I will be with you in two minutes he said, in his cheery way, and went back to colmpletd his toilet. I crossed to the window, but there was nothing w6rth looking at outside, so I sauntered back to the fireplace, over which hung a choice etching or two that would repay scrutiny. While standing thus my eyes were attracted to tlihe chimney piece by something which was lying there. It was a post letter with the address upper most I gave a start when lmy eyes fell on it, and then I looked at it a second time more closely tlian before. The address was in the same hand writing as the mysterious letter I had received two days before l Agaip I looked, in, order to satisfy myself that 1 was not mistaken. But thant was impossible. There wore certain pecu liarities in the cligraphy which proved that both docuiiients had becn written by onu and tile same person. I stole back to tht: winldow witll a sort of guilty feeliing at heart, as though I lhad surprised a secret whllich it was not intended 1 should know; and there IMr. Lydfrd found me a minute later swhen t ie entcered the room. It turned out that a ticket had been sent him for the opera fur that evening, and ihe thliought I might like to make use of it. I did not fail to tlhank him. ' You have no time to lose, to I will not detain you now,' he said. ' By the by I hliad a ltter fromn Ilabel this morning, in which she desired to be remembered to you. I hope to see her in town before we are many weeks older.' ' : Havinigpromised to go to the opera I went, but I am afraid that for once lMeyer beer's dramatic strains fell on unapprecia tive ear. later, when I got to bed, I found sleep an impossibility. I could only i lie and puzzle myself over the strange aud inexplicable turn that events were taking. If the letter I had scen on Mr. Lydford a chimney piece was from Mabel Gilmnour, then was my letter also from her. CaIuTE V. A week or ten days passed without any thing occurring. Tllen cam an revening the events of which I can never forget. I hail been engaged late at the bank, and did not reach lihom till long past my nusual hour. I brewed myself some green tea, and was lounging in my easy chair over a novel and a pipe, when the little clock on my chimney pieco struck eleven. The night was still young, and I settled down again with a Eense of cosy enjoyment for two more hours of undisturbed reading. But I liad not turnled over more t ha:n l couple of leaves when ilown went my novel and pipe on the table, andi I sprang to imy feet. Once mure the footsteps were over head! It seemed to me that this timo I could distinguish the footsteps of more persons than one. Never before had I heard themi so pilainly. I made a osep or two towiirds the door and then drew bark, reniember ing the letter and the earnest entreaty con voyed in it: ;The secret was not my secret and I had no right 'to pry slto it. Still, under such circumstainces, it was'not pos sible to go on reading and amoking as if nothinig were the matter-it was not possible to help listening for what might happen next. What happened next was this :-I heard the bolt of the door shoot back, and then I heard footsteps coming slowly down the dark stairs. I stood immovable, with one hand resting on the table, staring at the door. Would the footsteps stop at my landing or would they go lower down? They stopped. Then came a quick, low, impatient knocking, and before mny husky voice could sty "Coone in,',- the handle was turned, the door pushed open, and there, framed by the black vied behind him, stood Mr. Lydford, pale and troubled One step forward I made and t hen stood still. "You will, I ans sure, pardon this in trusion when 1 Itell you the cause of it," he began. "I am in very great troule, and I anm here to e-avo your assistance " "You may command my services in any way and every way, Mr. Lydford." " I knew it, else 1 should not be here. At present the moments are too precioul to allow of any lengthy explanation. This, however, I may tell you :-In the room above there is one of the most unhappy. beings on.the face of the earth. He is my nephew andil-abel's brother, snd -rh e stands accused of a terrible crimue of-whicli he is innocent. There is a price set on his capture. . That villain Latour has tracked him to my rooms and has now hurried off to 4cotland Yard to fetch the detectives, who will be here in a few minutes. A policen'su it stationed in the court at the foot of my staircase so as to make sure that nI one leaves the house. All this hlas just bLou whispered to me by Latour's daughter-IIcaven reward her for it ! who refnuses all connivance in her father's wicked scheme. What I want you to do, Dimsdale, is to come to my rooms, and when the oliicers arrive they will tied you there, but not si nephew. For the time being dtcy may arrest you, believing you to be Julian, but a few minutes will suffice to prove your identity and set you free. Will you do iie this great service?" I will," I replied, although I felt myself to be still almost as much in tlhe dark as before. IIe gripped my hand and his eyes were eloquent with thanks. ' WI have not a moment to, lose,' Ihe said. ' Lower your lamp and follow ime.' I hurriedly did as he bade me, antd fol lowed lhim upstairs to the second floor. Tlrhe'door of the room that for so many months had been to man veritable chamber of maystery was now open. We went in, and at once 3Ir. Lydford shut the door, locked it, and took out the key. The room was lighted by one candle only. On the sofa rec'ined ai young man, who rose as we went in. He was toll and thin ; Iis face was handsome, with a look of his sister in it, but pale and worn. His large, dark eyes shone with a brilliant, feverish light, and his thin; white hand trembled as it rested on the table. ' Julian, this is Mr. Dimsdale, the friend of whom I spoke to you,' said Mr. Lydford. The young man bowed gravely, but did not answer. 'You will remtain here for a little while till the danger is past, but not a sound of any kind must betray your piesence. Lie on the sofa and do not stir till I come again. Fear not, all will bhe well.' The young man sat' down ou tlh sofa without a word. Mr. Lydfordl took up the candle, and bockonecl me to follow hint. Tihe recess next the fireplace was fitted up with a tall bookcase. He crossed to this and touched sonc secret spring. The bookcase fell back on noiseless hinges, Ind before nme stood revealed an openint through the wall inut, the next lhousd We passed through and I found myself it Mr. Lvdford's familiar room. The 'door was pushed back to its place, the spring gave a soft click, a case of stuffed birds was wheeled into the recess and the sepa aration between the two houseras was com plete The mystery of the second floor was a mystery no longer. I started involuntary as mny eyes fell on,the slender, black draped figire of rIabel Gilbour, Site was standing at the door that opened on to the landing in the act of listening. She ttrred and extended to sioe a hand. A smile that had tears in it flitted like a gleam of April . unshine across her face. Hows careworn lnd heart weary, but yet how beautiful site looked. ' I felt sure that we might depend upon you,' alto said, and her voice was charged' with a, pathos that touched irme to the quick. She went' hack to the door and'resumed her listening attitude. ' 'Do you hear anything I' Mr. Lydford naked of her. ' No notlthiig.' Mr. Lydford turned to me. You un derstand clearly what it is that I'wish you to do 1' '1 think so, sair. Wihen' the officers come to arrest your nephew they will finud not him but me.' ' Precisely so.. It was dark when 31abel and Julian arrived,' lie explained. Latour was standin. at the gateway and saw them enter the housse. Tihs is thie coat Julian was 'wearing at the time; will you wear it for a little time in place of your own.' ' Certainly.; A good thoughlt.'' AInd in a trice I ihad puit smyself into Julian's dark gray frock coat in place of ny own black one. We were both tall anr both thin, and the' fit 'was by no mieaans a bad one. ' Oune other point strikes me,'I said. 'Your nephec wears neither beard nor nmoustache; I wear both.' 'I had forgotton'that,' groaned Mr. Lydford. M-abel clasped her hands in dismay. ' ' '1Five minutes will remedy thlo' over sight,' I said 'provided you Ihave a sharp pair of scissors, a razor sand so on.' I rather prided myself in thlse days or my brown silky beard and moustaclhe, but for MIabel's sake what world Inot have sacrificed I Five irinutes later I emerged frost Mr. Lydford's bedroom as clean sharlvedas thie paln of my hand. Mabel first stared at mie, rnd thnn Emiled, I looked stnrnge and unfamiliar. Mr. Lydford nodded approval. ' Tlrhalt is better-much better, ie said. ' Upon my word, you and Julian are not so very much unlike.' HIe dlrewr a little card.table from unrder the wirdowr to thie middle of thie roorm. Then lie gave me a cigar and bad meie light it. 'Take that chair with your back to tihe door,' hie said as he sat dorwn oppo. site and dealt out some cards. After that there wsas nothing to do but wait. No one spoke; we sat 'with our hIearts in our mouths,' as thie saying hlas it. Not a sound came from the roomr in the other house. I cruld o'lot help ansking mnyself wlsat mnust be tihe tolmughiats and feclilngs of the poodr yousig fellol who wras sitting there iu utter darkrness and ilone. Wbat ternble erimi 'was it that le had been adjudgeld guilty of . Alone: time it sememd, although in reality it could only hiave beein three or four minutes, before Mfabel exelamed in a half whisper, ' They are coming ! I hear the sound of footsteps.' SSite quitted thie door, sat down near tie firo and bent over lher embriordery. Mr. Lydford and I took up osr cards. Thos carno thie soun1 of heavy footsteps ;ascending Ithe stairs. Nearer and nearer they came, and a nromlet laIter there weer a loud irnpertivo knockiag at thie door. Atna sign from her uncle Mlabel crossed thie roomn and opened tlhe droor. Mr. Lydfordl rose frm hIris chair, hIris cards in one hand his Ircersehlar in thie other. 'rTwo burly men, in plain clothes, pressed forrwani, .Latour following close behlind ' \Who are you, sir, aind what is thie mean ilg of tlis intrlsionl ' demandedl Mr. Lyldfird of the foremost man. Before there wams time to answer Latour exclai:redl, poiningI to me, 'Ther hie is, that is thie rian you arre looking for.' 1 hald rnot riaen, but hald hallf turned on my chair, aird wnas qrletly iurling at ny cigor. Two strides broughrt the leading oilicer to my side. '.Julian Gilnuur, you are my prisoner,' he said, laying a hand on nmy shoulder. 'Yon stand ch:trged with thu' wilful murdler of Frank Aruvry at Penloy llteis on September 23, 18-, and I hold a wsirrant for your apprehension.' The second oflicer had closed up while the first cuio was speaking. 1 caught the gleam of a pair 'of handcuffs. Latour, with a face as white as a sheet, stood just inside the doorway. 'Excuse me, but you are under some strange mistake,' "I said quietly to the officer, whose hand was still on my shoulder. ily naiuoe is not Gilmour but but Dimsdalo-Edward Dimsdale. I am a clerk in the London and Dublin Dank, and lodge next door. If-you doubt my word ask this gentleman,'.pointing to Mr. Lydford ; then pointing to Latour I added, ' or naklthat man.' When I opened mny lips Latour gave a start: he was niow staring at me as if he could not believe the evideince of his eyes. The officer. turned to him. ' You hear this gentleman. Is he the person Its says l:o is, or is Ihe the man we are in search of 1' Latour cal:o a few steps nearer and scanned my features closely. 'lThere is some mistakc--rane strange mistake,' he muttered. 'This gentleman is certuinly Mr. Dimsdal, only he haless shaed off his beard and moustache since yesterdlay.' ' We hare nothing to do with the gentleman's heard and mountache,' slid the otlicer, a iittle conte:piously. The point is, is hae Julian' Gilmour, or is lihe not 1'. 'This is not the oman I have seen; conic hero twice, 'imd ieholii I now uknoi to. b Jul"i Giamqur, id tl? e .jienlchau' ncpbhsw:. .poin ii; g. t,? iy =E r 1 rl.',"' Nor do I belseveit to be the samtb man I siiw ceio hero this eveiting in eo impai?s ir itlh that young lily. There is isoite trick here, some cheat ; they throw the dust in your eyes-pouf r Ilithierta Mr. Lydford had been still. lie now addressed his ofiliers :--"I hope you are convinced that this gentlemac n is my vary good friend and neighbur, Mr. Diimsddale, nid not the unhappiy young m:an you are in search of. As tWere seems to be some suspicioa of trickery, you had better search the preomises; it will lie more satisfat'ory both for yiiusolvcs and for inme. 3ly dear,' tur:ing to P.label, " he good enough to lighit the hand lanip for these gentileen. Now, D)imsdale, I tlink we maiy resunme our ply , fMy cigar has gene out. I went to the lamp to relight it, and saw Iabtour steal iig out of tilhe room. H turned at tlhe doorway, and I caught a momentary glimpse of a wlhite, s:sarling, wolTish face atnd two wicked eyes that haunted niy dreams afterwards. The ollicers madle a pretence of search ing the rooms, feeling assursed before Liand that their doing so would be without avail. Thenl the cons'able fromn below was called up, but he was most positive iin his assertions that r.l one had entered or left the house while lie had been on watch in the court. After this, there was nothing for our friends but to take their save ; they did so with a few awk ward apologies,- which 3r. Lydford nc copted in his most dignified and ceremonious manner. \\\Wh'en the last sound of their footsteps had died away he rose and grasped me warmly by the hand. ' You have to-night done a service that none of us can ever hope to repay,' he said. 'I thank you from my heart.' 'And I, too, IMr. Dimsdale,' said Mabel in low, tremuluoas toues. Then, some how, 1 found that my other hland had hold of one of hers. But her face was hidden on her uncle's shoulder the overcharged heart had found relief in tears. For upwards of a week Julian Gilmour lay ini hiding in Beryl Mansions. There was every reason to believo that the pre mises were watched both by day and night. At length one evening after dark ihe stole out, laving disguised himself so as to look as much like Mr. Lydford as possible. He wore a white wig and ichite wliskers, gold-rimmed eyeglass?,s naid a sniit of hisunocle'sesofiewhat old :-alhin'ed clothesis? d he got' clear swayil '.'Heoaiidl Mlabel-hed iroild not go without her-- crossed, from Soulthampton to Jeisey; thence they miahd their yay to St. Malo and then to Bremien, at which port they shipped, under fictitious names, to New York direct. Julian haid a cousin settled in Chicago. who was willing to find him a hoinc. The stoly Mr. Lydford had to tell me must be given now. i Julian Gilmour and Frank Avery hlead been drawn together as schoolfellows, aind afterward as young men: In the course of an autumnal walking tour which they were taking togetllr through some of the lovely scenery of the western counties, they found the:nselve on a certain evening at the little town of Fenley legia. There happened to be a fair on at the tinie. A number of noisy people were in.the hotel, and the two younlg men engaged a private sitting room. Here they diied, ansd this being the last night of their holiday they colebrated the occasion, as young men sometimes will, by drinking more wine thait was good for them. Later on they were seen leaning out eof the window and smoking their cigars. But when the house was quiet uid the landlord and his wife were on the point of retiring for the night they were surprised to hear the sound of high words proceeding from them. Al though they could not distinguish clearly what was said, it was quite .evident that. the two youn gentlemen werro in the midst of a violent quarrel. Presently, however, two doors were heard to bang violently, anld after that all was still. Next mbrning, as neither of the young men put in an appearance the landlorl himselfl went to call them, when he' was horrified to find that one of them had been murdered in the night and lthat the other was nowslere to be found. The two bedrooms were next each other, and the doors of both opened out of tlhe fitting-room. ThlEre were traces of a struggle in Frank Avory's roomn, while the poor fellow himself lay dead on his bed, stabbed to the heart. Suchl jeivellcrl-y as lhe wore was of a valuable description, but neither that nor his purse had been taken. In Julian Gilmor'sh room the window was left wide oplen, and although his knapsack ras left belhid, it was evident that the fugitive had taken some portion of its contents with him in Ihis flight. There being no particle of evidlence to connecdt anyone elso, with the crinte,. a verdictdf wrilful murder was returned against JuliunI Gilmour, aid a reward was offered for isis caliture. Time passed on, and the tragedy at Penley Regis was three months old, when Adrian Gilnour. married andil living in anu old manor Ie,iose in a quiet part of the country, w:s strtlled on his rway ilome in the dusk of a wilter afteirnoon by a shabby ligure, lwho stc!eped suddenily froii behlind a tree and confronted hiil. It was hiis brother Juliau. lie1 had beein iding in a wretched garret ii tile east end of London. From hiis youth iiupward his relatives had looked upon hint as oe who would never be particularly robust, either mentallly or phlysically. It was considered a good thiig that hle had a u;,nll fortune of his own, and that nio partichlar neces. sity existled fir himi to fight lIis way in tie world. He had lacked the courage to go back and face the lcharge. The evidence againilst him seemed so overwhelmingly strong that hie felt sure hIe should never be able to prove his inuocenoe. But he could niot remail at his brotlher's house for ever without the risk of dis covery, so another tenlporary home was found for hlilni in the housse of Mr. bean, a kinsman of the family. Already hiis uncle, 3Mr. Lydforl, shad prepared for himi thie hIiding place, thile secret of wlsieh the res:der kuows, as a refuge in case of need. It was quite by accident that 3IMr. Lydford had discovered leht thlere had forsmerly been a doer of conununlicalion between his roonms and the nlext house althoughl it was now pislered over, and ha:d evidently not be'is used for a inumber of years; ;od he utilised hiis discovery. The hIidden spring, the Islokcase that filled the recess on one side, and the case of stuffed birds that occupied it on the other, wer the work of ai man oi whose silence ande dis cretion they could thoroughly rely. A duplicate of tihe key in the possession of Daniel Ivy had not ibeen diflicelt to obtain. In thi- room youlg Gilmour had foundl refuge on several occasions for one or two nights when passing through London on his way frorn one place of hiding in the country io anothdr. But now at last, to thl infinite relief of all concerned, he had succeeded in placing the ocean betwccn himself and those in search of him. His sister accompanied him all the way to Chicago, stayed with him a fortnight, antl then returned. When I saw her again she seemed a different ceing. The melancholy that had made its home in herhbeautiful eyes dwelt there no longer, but only a faint ghost of it seen now and again, to remind one what had been. The sunshine of her smile had lost its sadness; the clouds had parted and gone ; the ekies were bhio once inorm; the May time of love was at hand. .Before this 3M. Latour had given up the keys of his rooms into Daniel Ivy's hands, and Beryl Mansions saw him no more. His profession was that of a spy.; there was no lack of such men in those days, when London swarmed witlh refugees and the Orsoii conspiracy was in process of incubation. Mr. Lydford always regretted that no opportunity offered itself for expressing his gnttitude tj Mndllo. Latour. She was worthy of a better father. Next M ir. Beaon paid a visit to Daniel Ivy. His neher, he said, had changed hios mid, tnI was s not coming to England at all, conrsequently he had no further need fir the roomns. Will that hli made Daniel a liu:dsolo lircolnt anid took his leave. Cl?se upoU that another truant left Bcryl .Iansions. ?lr. Lydford; Before lie went theisecrret door was fastened up and papered over, as before, and to this day Daniel .hlos no suspicion of its exist. ince. ," iea o t arna lat?v-a inin,f who 'hlad been i?ohcint ed o' penal ser?itude for Burglsiy, dlief ir prison:. On I:s deathbed ho confessed that it w..a hlie who had nlur dered Frouk Avery. While loitering about the inn o, the evening of the fair he had seen Avory open his lprse, and had also s'ec that it cot:aineld ai consider a;i:! s hn in giolil. There c:ald the hlie had imaide up his minhd that lie wuld In.ke it his. Later ou, when all was quiet anid while e iewa wa;tc'liing the houise fromi behind a hcdge, he was s;uritaiscl to seo a inldow thrown openv, and next Ilnomint a young oman drop from it io the grouend and waolk :aray. Here was :n opportunity of entering the ltMise made reely to his liaiid, lnid hlie did not fail to avail himself of it. lie knew which nwas Avery's bed. roomai and at once i:made hiis way to it. But his etrance distulrbed the sleeper, awho sprang from Ils bed. Then ensued a struggle, the said result of which we know. Frightcened at what he had done, and fncying that lie heard footsteps, the mIur derer hurried away without waiting to secure the booty for which ho had sacri ficed so Imluch. What a happy day .wns that which brought Julian Gilmour back to his uative land, his innocence proved to the world ! It was on that day I first told Mabel that But the reader, who has kindly followed imie thus far may safely be left to iliagino what it was that I haid to tell. 