Tales and Sketches; A Vendeean Victim, The Terrible Sacrifice of a Sister :i for her Brother's Life. Thkee -women were watohing an approach ing storm from their cozy sitting-room in tho Outla'of Theix, When olear, one could view : from its - windows tho whole Bay of Morbihan, on tho sonth side of Brotagne. But now the sky-was covered with lowering olouda, and tho shades of evening were falling fast. . The sultry atmosphere thickened; big rain-drops oame sploshing down, and forked lightning danced on the white oieated waves. The storm that had been brooding all tbo afternoon broke in real earnest. One of thewatohers,a young girl, abandoned her post of observation, exclaiming: " "What a terrible storm wo shall have !'' Deep sighs esoaped the lipa of the other two, the elder one saying: " Where is our poor Paul to-night?" She was interrupted by an old servant bring ing in lights. They sat down at the tablo, eaoh one seemingly busying herself with some needlework.- One of the girls, suddenly look . ing up front her work, eaw that hor mother's eyes were filled with tears. She flung her arms passionately around her neck, saying tenderly: '' Be comforted; Panl will return. Fate will not bo so crtul as to rob you of your ton, . Louise of her betrothed, and me of my brother. Wh7 should we be alarmed? So far we have reoeived no had news." "'Tis the silence, Marie, that is so terrible. For three long months we have heard nothing, absolutely nothing. This suspense could drive one "mad. O God, where is my darling son Is he sick, wounded, imprisoned " She did not dare to pronounce the word that would destroy all her hopes. Marie's thoughts flew to the bloody battle fields, where tho defenders of the kingdom were fighting against tho victorious repsihlic; to tho ! gloomy prisons, where they awaited, dannt lessly, their death ; to tho forests and ravines, where they hid from their pursuers. There might he her brother, the last descendant of a ' brave and noble family, the only hope of hor aged mother. Madame de Turgis, who was living with her * daughter and niece in the Oastle of Theix, had miraonlously esoaped from the persecution which had befallen at that rime, not only tho nobles, bnt all that were loyal to their king. Until now. she had lived in peaoe, although hor son had taken an aotire pirt in these struggles. But what alarming fears, what anxiety for tho absent one, prosoribed and pursued! . Sat these fears had to be hidden, for in those days no ono oould he trusted.* Friends and servants were suspected, all could become traitors. Only among themselves could they unbnrdon their hearts, bewail the state of their country, speak of the atrocities committed, and hope for the day when all this would be ended. Madame de Turgis possessed one true friend. It'was their old servant, Henri. Ho loved his mistress dearly, and would have sacrificed his life,for her. He was the only one they trusted. The olook struck nine. Henri appeared and set the table for their simple supper. While he was thus employed, Mme. de Turgis asked him if hq had heard any news. , " None, my lady. Yves, the fisherman, has told me that the fate of those poor 'prisoners has not yet been deoided." • "The poor soldiers! What will be . their fate P." asked Louise. "They undoubtedly will be murdered," re plied Marie. '.'If only Paul " She'.stopped abruptly. Did he scoompany Cfearotte, who still was fighting victoriously f Had ho joined Sombreuil, or had he succeeded in leaving France P Vain questions 1 They knew nothing and dared not ask. Henri had just served sonp when the bell rang. The joyous barking of a dog was heard "That is my brother1" oried Mario, in glad surprise. Henri disappeared with lights. Deep silence reigned, only interrupted now and then by a peal of thunder. A quick step was heard, the door opened and a young man stopped into the room, exclaiming: "At last! at last!" He olasped his mother and sister to bis breast. Then Louiso stepped forward. Ho held out his arms to her, and had folded her in a fervent embrace. Madame de Turgis was nearly distracted with joy; her son was onoe more with her. She orderod Henri to barricade all entrances to the eastle, ao es to guard them from every surprise. All her fears were now allayed- Sho had only one thought: he is here, ho is saved! " So yon will take part in the coming cam paign P" Madame de Turgis asked at fength, after thoy hod conversed for 60me time. "Yes, doar mothfr," said ho. "All the survivors of General Oharette's followers, of whom I am one, had united with tho force under Sombreul's command, Somo of our soldiers held Fort Penthiovre, on tho Peninsula of Qniberon. Tho contest at the foot of the fort lastod four days. Nothing had been do aided, until wo were betrayed most treaohor ously. Ourtroop3 wero faced on ono side by tbo sea, on the other side by tho oolumns of tho republican army, which advnnoed rapidly. What a horrible sight, this desperate human mass, whoss only ohoico was either the enemy's bayonets or the roaring waves. The English fleot whioh had landed as made no attempt to assist us. Some, furious at the double treason, plunged their swords into their breasts, while others blindfolded their horses and precipitated themselves into tho waves." "But you—you, my sou, how did yqu •soapeP' "Our division covered the landing-place. Wo nought to defend' our. brethren. Some boats were sent by the fleet, but too late. Only few could reach them. We fought as long as we could. Our resouo was impossible, we wero compelled to surrender. Sombretiil offered his life lor hiB soldiers. His magnani mous offer was not accepted. We were sur rounded on all sides, brought to Auray, and thrown into the prison. A fow; of U8 could escape in the general tumult." "Thank God you escaped !" Paul nodded assentingly. "Will theseunhappy men bo sacrificed f' asked Louise. 11 Undoubtedly.'' "Notwithstanding their surrender?" ex claimed Marie. " Hoche would respeot it," answered Paul. " But there is Tallica. Away with theie sad remembrances. How happy I am to be with you again ?" " And yon ehall not leave ns," said Madame do TnrgiB, warmly. "If necessary, we will hide you, to that yon can not he found, even if a whole army came to look for yon. It is to he hoped tliat better times •will come. The general opinion is that peace trill soon ho de clared. Then the wish of my heart will be I fulfilled." She glanced meaningly at Paul and Louise, the warm blood rushing to the cheeks of the latter. " Wo will live united in ! this spot, where your father and I have spent so many happy days." Paul made an attempt to smilo, but the ex pression of pain that flitted over his features did not escape his sister's eyes. Ho kissed his mother' hand, saying: " If your happiness depends on me " "Only on you, my son. Therefore be carofnl, then everything will be well. But you are tired, and drenched by the rain, and it is 1 already 11. Notwithstanding the joy I feel at seeing you, I would not rob you of your sleop. To-morrow, my child, we trill see each other again." The young men seemed to obey unwillingly. Ho paoed the room several time9, looked at the piotures and furniture which he had not seen since he was a ohild. He beat over Louise's work. " J8 una lorme, aearcitr' no aaJced. "Tea," she answered; "mother andMario j have also worked for you." I " My dear Mario,'' said Paul. I 5e turned toward his sister, exchanging a look of deep sympathy with her. Had she seen ! aright, or was it only a delirium ? She thought j his eyes were moist. ] suddenly stepped up to his mother and 1 kissed her good-night. He embraced Louisa , and Marie most fervently, and quickly left the ! room as though through a forcible resolve. | Madame do Turgis and Louiso also retired to i their rooms while Marie remained to attend to some trivial matter. Insupportable thoughts orowdod upon her. What was the horrible foar that clutched her heart—that stopped her I breath ? Waa her brother in danger ? | She slowly ascended the stairs leading to her room. Having arrived there, she longed to see s Paul once more. She stepped out on the balcony and softly approached his windows. The curtains were drawn back. Her brother knelt-beside hisbed. His hands were clasped above his head, as if uttering a pasuonate prayer. Marie listened intently; she heard deep- drawn sobs. "At lost ho raided himgolf ; his face was deadly pale. Ho 6et a small alarm clock, and placed it on the table. His sister did not dare to disturb him. Sh9 re- ; turned to-her room. As soon as she had entered there was & knock at her door, and Henri; the old servant, appeared. " What ia the matter? What has happened to my brother?'' she asked, with half- stifled voice. '' Oh, madomoieelle, you alono can save him; you alone can keep him from goiog; you—so dearly loved " " What is it? Speak, Henri !" " Eo will bo shot to-morrow if you do not prevent it. The prisoners in Auray were sen tenced to-day; to-morrow at daybreak they will be shot at Vannes." " And my brother?" " Ho aSo is sentenced to death; but he gave his word of honour to return if ho was allowed to see onco more his beloved ones. Mathow, tbc groom, has bom in Anray. There he has hoard all the particulars. How shall he be saved ? What is to bo dono ?'.' "Ho gave his word of honour," she said, in slow, measured tones; "tho promiro of a noble man must bo kept." "Ho will not break it. This evening he said to me: 1 Henri, wake me at 4 o'clock; be careful that no one will be disturbed.' I have promised to do it. I must awake him to moot hi3 <le*th—the son of my mistress, the obild I havo worshipped as an idol! 0 God, why did you not sparo us this ?" Whilo the old man was thus lamenting, Mario's fuco flushed, her figure sromedto grow more erect. She surveyed hcrsolf in the oppo site mirror with something akin to prldo. Then she said, quietly: c,Mv brother must not die; ho shall not dio. Do not awake him—tovorything will bo well." "I will do just as you say, mademoiselle. What would your mother do if sho did not po?sosfl him f" Henri left her. His fears wore allayed by the tranquil words of his mistress. Marie felt that thoro was hut ono course left. Tes— she would sucooed. Tho moments were precious; it wai already past midnight. She seated her self at tho tablo and wrote a few linos, leaving thsm unsoalod. She out off her heavy mass of dark hair and placed it beside tho note. Then *he slolo noiselessly into Paul's room. Ho was sleeping soundly, being completely ex hausted aftor tho exertions of the day. She stepped softly Iq his bedside, gazed on him with ineffable fondness, kissod him with a scarcely percoptiblo touoh on Ins lips. Hhe took away tho clock and his clothes. Upon tho threshold she pAusod once more. " Fdrewoll,"sho murmured, huskily; "fare well. May God proteot you.""" After returning to her room, she hurriedly dressed herself in bis uniform? and oast one more glanco into tho mirror. She stopped back surprised, the resemblance was bo great. Only a mother oould have known sister and brother apart. The resemblance that had so often gladdened them when children was to lave her brother's life. She went to the stable, and there fonnd Paul's horse ready' for the morning. She •vaulted into the saddle. She threw a last look hp at the walls of the castle, and rode off her way to Vannea. The morning sun just appeared in the east and flnng out into the sky its banners of crim son and gold when Marie entered the gates of Vannes. The town was already in commotion. Tho streets were crowded with people. Fol lowing^ the throng, she came to the prison where the prisoners of Quiberon were assembled. Jnst as she arrivod the roll was called. Marie waited. '' Pan! de Tnrgis!'' " Here!" replied a gentle tut firm voice. Marie joined the ranks of the soldiers. Her heart throbbed wildly. She had token her brother's place, and was acknowledged as him. The first division of victims, consisting of seventy men, was headed by General Som breuil. Solemnly they marched along. Marie'B companions were too occupied with their own thoughts to detect tho deception. She trembled lest her plan would he thwarted. If possible sho would have qnioksned her steps. At last they arrive at tho place where the execution wa3 to be held. A priest offered a prayer for therepose of theunfortnnatcviotimV souls. Marie looked unflinchingly at the files of musketry before her. The command was given, a sheet of flame flashed forth. Marie reeled and fell; a hall had entered her heart. The dock struck six when Paul awoke from his deep sleep. In doadly terror, for it was 1 already day, he sprang from his couch. His cloak, his uniform, were gone. He seized an old hunting suit, dressed himself quickly, and hurried out of the room; Henri mahod up to him with upraised hands. "What time is it? said tho young mac, desperately. " It is too late," the old servant answered, tremulously. "Miserable man, you know not what that is tome!"" " I know it; it concerns your life." "It concerns my honour, and that is more. Hurry and get^ my horse. I most go away without disturbing anyone. I wished to see them once morel" That was the reason-of my coming. I have given my word to return in time. Now, away, away !" At that moment Madame de Turgis came rushing up to him. Although they had spoken in hushed voices, she had heard part of their conversation. She was extremely agitated. "What is the matter? What have I heard?" she gasped. Keep him back;-the prisoners, of whom * ia Ana Will ItA alinf tbia fnAMinn " he is one, will be shot this morning." "My sou! my Eon! You must not die! Your death will be mine!" i She clasped him in her arms as if to draw him from the brink of a precipice. In the meantime Henri harried to Marie's room, hoping that Paul could not withstand the united entreaties of mother and sister. He knocked again; still silenco reigned. He took an old servant's privilege to open the door. He hastened back to his master, who tried to free himself from Louise's embrace, and who had also been aroused from her sleep. "Mario has gone; her bed Has not be:n touohed." One thought flashed simultaneously through their minds. They rushed to her rcora. Paul was the first to see tho note. It contained the following: " Dsvsrsr 8botr£R: Ton tbali not dio, and your honour will bo sired. Lira and comfort oar dear mother. Tell her not to grieve for me. I gladly sire my life for yours. Farewell, my beloved onea 1 la heaven we will meet again. Stiair." * "And shall I let my sister perish?" cried Paul, wildly. He rushed away. At the foot of the stairs stood his groom, who looked as if he saw a ghost. " Is it really you, master*? Who was then the victim who wore your uniform ?" "It was my s:ster! Oh, unhappy mortal that I am! She has sacrificed herself for me.'' He pressed both hands against his breast, all the blood seeming suddenly to stagnate about his heart. He felt as though life and senses were forsaking him, and then, struck as it were by a flash of lightning, he fell senseless. Madame do Turgis, despite her inexpressible grief, felt that she must do everything to save hereon. She almost blessed the unconscious* ness that had come over him. After tho swoon had passed away ho was raving with fever. Often he cried: "Paul de Turgis - here," or " firo!" Then again, " Keep her back, keep her bank !" her back V The same day, Louise, disguised as a peasant girl, and aocompanied by Henri and their groom, went to Yannea. The dead, over seven hundred, were still awaiting their burial. After an hour's searoh thoy found Marie. Her glassy eyes still betrayed the restless look with which she had scanned the distanoe. fearing: to the last her brother's arrival. Louise raised tho still, cold form and kissed tho lips closed forever. Her remains wero placed at ths foot of the altar in their chapel, where two years afterward Paul and Louise were unitod. Many days and nights-many weeks—passed before Paul* do Turgis knew what was passing nround him. Ho recovered iu time, but what he bad suffered was kuown only to himself and heaven. He was given back to life and love, but—at a high p-ico—a sister's sacrifice.— Translated for the Argonaut trom the Uxenco | bj Lois. " Who made tho British Constitution Vy ex claimed an eminent Whig politician on^2 at a publio meeting:, intending to reply to hiccself with the word*, "Tho Whig party.Bat a person in tho crowd struck m with " Tho woiking man," and the speakor had to rejoin, rather feebly, that it waa tho best tUj'a work ho had ever done in his life. 