We are glad to see that the reciprocity question has bctii taken up by some of those who are fairly entitled to a heaving on the subject. The Launceston Chamber of Commerce is about to re-consider the decision arrived at — rather too hastily, perhap?, when the first blush of the pro posal dawned upon ihsir vision. We say too hastily, not because the decision then arrived at was on that account a wrong one, but it is a matter o£ such grave importance that it cannot be too fully dis cussed, and now is the time to discuss it. It is true that the principle of intercolonial free trade was affirmed in this colony with out any remonstrance on the part ef the people so far back as 1873, when an Act of Parliament was passed iu wjiich power was given' to the Governor-in-Council to enter into a treaty with any one or more of the other colonies for the free interchange of native products, without applying to the legislature for further permission to bring such a treaty into operation ; but it is not the intention -of the present Government to take advantage of the power thus con ferred upon it by the act of 1873, without first taking the sense of Parliament during the ensuing session, when, if mem bers think fit,' the existing law can be repealed. We were the first to introduce this subject to the notice of the public as soon as it was known that the Victorian Premier was willing to lend his ear to proposals which emanated from the Go vernment of this colony, and although we then freely confessed our faith in free trade as a sine qvxi nov to - a country's prosperity, we invited discussion, aware that in negotiating with Victoria per se, we would be introducing the free trade wedge into a very knotty substance. If trade reciprocity were to go no farther than the present proposal — the inter change of Victorian acd Tasmanian pro ducts, the 'principle would bs confined within a very narrow compass indeed ; the very selfishness of such a com pact would destroy its vitality and instead of the proposed action containing the pure elements of free trade, it would assume more the character of an enlarged protective policy, as has been cleverly pointed out by our manufacturers who can see no benefit in the proposed recipro city. But thisis rather a narrow view to take of the great question. The United States has been held up as an example of what protection Ciiu do for a couutry. It is said, by the opponents nf reciprocity that the American tarilf is a prottc-ive tariff, and the Republic has been greatly assisted thereby. It would bs well, how ever, for .thoEe who are studying the matter, to mark the difi'f.rfin^ Woroon American protection and Australian pro tection. The former is one nationality shutting out foreigners— the iatter is one nationality at loggerheads with itself. Although the people of the United States , and thepeopleof the British £inpire speik I the same language, themeaniugof the word 'protection' admits of a diametri cally opposite interpretation iu America and in the British —colonics. -The Americans have adopted tlie piiu cip'e of. free, trade over the length and breadth of their wide-spreading territory. The tobacco, sugar, and cotton of the extrerr e South goes free to the ex treme North ; the rice of S ju'h Carolina and Georgia goes free to California. From the shores of the Guif of Mexico iu the South, to Lake Superior in the North — from New York harbor in the East, to the Sacramento in the \Vebt, there is reciprocity — free trade pure and simple : but the vast dominions over which Presi dent Cleveland rules have a protective tariff against the rest of the world. This is just the sort of protection that would j suit the British Empire. At present our | tariffs are founded on the most diminutive ? of principlis, if any principle at all cau bo ; observed in them. Our. system liny bs compared to what the United States would be if each State, with , its separate Governor and Legislature, were to impose taxes ui;oii the native products of the surrounding States. Suuh a principle does uot exist iu A ineiica, ani i ' is, there fore, quite a mistake to hu'rt up tlivj country as a model of the beneficial results of a protective policy such as has existed in Victoria. Or, the contrary, if we may cnup.iro :-in:ill iliings with h'.v-e, the pro tective policy of the Uni'lcu S^aU s is exer cised only againot foreigners, and reci procity is the very essenes of their national greatness ; while iu Australia the tariff of each small colony is at variance with that of the adjoining colony, al^ j being under the same nationality— a prin ciple unknown in America. It was in ! order to strike a blow at the restrictions | which hamper the intercolonial trade, that i induced Mr Douglas in the first place, and ! Mr Service in the next, to form a reci- j procal union between the colonies which lie north and south of Bass' Straits ; and, contrary to the expectations of many, Mr ; Berry, the originator of the narrow, time serving, selfish protective policy of Vic toria, has been led to recant his creed, and go iu for reciprocity. The latter states man has lived to see the hollowness of his cherished system, for a system must indeed be hollow which acts only as a stimulant for a few years, and ±hen leaves the country in a state of collapse, as even those who still uphold the protective doctrine aver is the case now in Victoria. No better argument for reciprocal free trade could possibly be advanced. Vic torian manufacturers were pampered by protection to an extent which speedily produced an unhealthy plethoric con dition ; hence the reaction in that quarter. In discussing the subject of reciprocity, it is to be hoped that the Chamber of Commerce, the manufac turers, and till others who take an interest' in the matter, will deal with it in a broad and comprehensive spirit. ' It will not do to consider whether Mr So-and-so, mer chant, or manufacturer, ' will be injured by free trade. The answer to such a narrow view of the great question is ready at hand — 'The greatest good of the greatest number.' It is a mistake for the Hobart manufacturers to try to incorporate the farmers in their move ment, unless the farmers voluntarily decide that the balance of good things, which open ports would undoubtedly j confer upon some one, would be in favor of Victoria. Let the farmers work out this problem for themselves before they join in any demonstration against the project of throwing open the Victorian ports to their produce.' ? The pkestige op Geeai Bbitain — that power, by which a comparatively small military force has been enabled to main tain the supremacy of England in India, has been so lowered by the vacillation, inconsistency, and indecision of those to whose hands the destinies of the empire have- been entrusted' during the past five years, that respect for tli3 flag ' that braved a thousand years the battle and. the breeze' seems to have vanished froni the courts and camps of the European Powers, great and small. ? The latest' insult is cnnounced in a cablegram dated London, yesterday. This Btates that news- from the West Coast of Africa is to the effect that the German authorities have lowered the British flag at Victoria, Cameroons, and have hoisted the German flag in . its place. We .understood ' this dispute had been amicably settled, but it seems that all the Great Powers are determined to quarrel with Great Britain. Last month Prince Bismarck intimated that he intended to co- operate with France in furthering German and French interests in the Pacific, in consequence of the un frendly attitude of the British Govern ment. The Gladstone Cabinet are suc cessful in estranging and rendering all the European powers antagonistic, and can retain neither the respect nor friend ship of any of them. In referriDg to the annexation of New Guinea by Germany the New York Sun speaks of the folly which the Gladstone Government perpe trated in holding off from Germany ' in deference to French susceptibilities, and says— 'It niiiy be doobtcd whither a Conservative Ministry, loyal to the best traditions of England, would not .entirely reverse the ungracious attitude main tained 'toward the Berlin Government by the Gladstone . Cabinet. England and Germany are not and uever can be rivals, for._ their aims are essentially distinct; and ;so -long as one retains ascendancy .on... the Continent of Europe and the other is dpminant at sea, each has much. to, gain by coalition. It is significant that all the greatest triumphs achieved 'by England duiiug the last cen tury and a half . h,-yye been won by con certed action with- Prussia, find the in comparable value of such a combination was a3 distinctly . recoipiscd . .by the younger as by.tho elder ,Piit. .Hanover was snatched fr^m ruin, by 'Prussian Frederick at Ross'oach, aiid Wellington was helped' to victory by B'uchcr at Waterloo. Prussia was ;Eagland's ally' in the 'most memorable . con'ests of modern times, the Seven Tear's War, which gave Great Britain' a long start in the race for. . colonial extension, and the war , agaiust Napoleon, which left her mistress of the teas.' The PkixCe of AV axes' Marriage Day has never been observed in , Launceston as a holiday, not from any lack of :.loyalty to their Royal Highnesses the : Prince and i Princess ' of Wales; but because the ob- ' servauce of a Royal wedding day is an uu necessary innovation, and in the case of ; the heir apparent to the throne it conies at a season of the year when we , have had- more- than sufficient of ai long series of holidays. It is rather un- j fair to Launc-ston that a bar.k holiday j sliould be enforced herd merely because there are athletic sports at the capital, i The effect is t - cause general discontent j in the north. Busiue.s estiblishnv nts-j are kept open, but scarcely any business cau be doii-^ ' in consequence of the banks «nd t'liblic office^ bei'i'^ closed. The proclamation 'nf a bank holiday, buried' as it is in tlie depths nf ] the Hobart G-az'ttr, supplies no warning] to country re illeiits, who come in as j usual to draw out money, make paymr-nfs- 1 or arradgefdents at the banks, and t ran sact other busiiies», but they .find tlipin selve'! hampere* on every hand, and that the siani holMav lias lost them a div. This h (specially 'aHuoym', when-ths visit j to town has ibeen made f-r the pu^piEC of paying in deposit®, or mal;i* g other nrfa^getti'e'Sllg'to'nioet bills coining ' due, but in ail r«?}-ects a bank l o idav on j tha 10th March has alw ays been a seriou? ' obstruction to business, and the Chamber of Commerce should appeal to tho Ex ecutive Government requesting; that in future the proclamation o; a bank holiday on ihe 10th March be restricted to the capital. Tub Assvtiiaj,- Beggars. — Now tliattl e novelty of these strangers has h-st i'.s ; charm, it would be very desirable for the | police to take action against them, as it is : quite evident they intend to settle down here a'd lead nieudiciiit lives, to the te rror of many ladies, i-iio wljOoC houirs j they c-ii or wh-en -he m:ile members of the I family are in tliuir places of business and ] the chiMren :i-e at sjiio'ii. It i3 thtir I piudice to enter boldly into the house, j and posi ive!y d';;.'liu-! to retire when j requested to do so by sigus or even Ih enis. ! Although they clovt-rly c m-y some worth- ! h:;3 trinket:; f.;r F.ile, in order to civcr 1 their begging mission, they produce some ! writioii document, whish is, in f;-ct, a ' beereioj le'.t:.'.-, and for tiiis they con'd bo ? punishid. Ladies, of course, do not like to turn i:tfor:!n-vsand aopear at the J-olie- : Office. th'ii!.'!i several cases have occurred j in wliieii tlk'V h.ivo Kv.-n very sorii.nslv i friirh'j-ned. It- is u- bo h''-;n-d the police] will take the matter up. i Inveemav Fooibali, Clcb — A meeting will be held this evening at Mr Clayton's, ! Landale-street, Invermay, of those iu- ! terested in forming a football club. MnnsTEBiAi. — The Hon. the Premier received a communication from the Hon. W. EL Burgess, Treasurer, yesterday, proposing to meet him at Campbell Town to- day, for the purpose of fixing on the best site for the post and telegraph buildings there. In consequence of this, Mr Douglas has decided to leave here by the Slain Line goods train this morning, and proceed by it to Campbell Town. Mr Burgess will arrive there by express train, and afr.er completing their business they will proceed together to Hobart by express train. The life of a Minister of the Crown in this colony is a remarkably busy one, and whether it is a happy one seems doubtful. Daily Stoppage op Water Supply. — The inhabitants of Brisbane-street com plain that their water supply is stopped at intervals, without any previous notice, siuce the corporation commenced to lay down the new pipes. It is, of course, necessary to stop water, but it would be very little trouble to give notice of the hour it is to be taken off, in order to give an opportunity of providing a supply in those households where its sudden stop page is always attended with much inconvenience. Fiee in Howick- street. — At about G'30 o'clock last evening an alarm of fire rang out, the direction being given as Galvin Town. The reels at both stations were quickly manned and after enquiry proceeded to a small house in Howick street, occupied by a man named O'Donnell, where it was found that a spark, supposed to have fallen from the chimney, had ignited the shingles on the roof, but the fire was extinguished with a lew buckets of water, without 'the aid of the hose. Pleasum Trip. — The favorite river steamer Natone made an excursion trip to Roseveara yesterday afternoon, having on board about 50 passeDgers. The Natone left the Queen's Wharf at 2 '30 p.m., and returned home again at about 6 20 p.m. The trip, though a rather stiff and chilly wind was blowing on the run down, was much enjoyed, and many spent a plesisant hour gathering blackberries, which grow in greac profusion along the river bank at llosevears. A Sad Accident. — Yesterday afternoon a rather sad accident happened to. a young man named John Constantino, who ' is engaged at Mr Knight's foundry, Wei- 1 inigton-road. it appears he was nvetting the large boiler which is being made for the Corporation of Launceston, when a piece of iron from one of the rivets flew into one of liis eyes. He at once went to the hospital, when Dr. Thompson, the Surgeon-Superintendent, dressed the .eye, but after careful examination he feared that the sight of the injured eye could not be recovered. Football. — The annual meeting of the members of the City Juniors Football Club was held at the Workmen's Club last, evening, when there were about 40 pre sent, the chair baing occupied by Mr W. Dedrnan. The report, which waja read,' showed .that the club was quite clear of debt, and that out of 13 matches played last season, 11 had been won, and two were drawn in their favor. . The report was adopted unanimously. The Chairman then addressed the members on the excellent position of the club, and spoke in glowing terms of its future. It was then resolved that the colors of the club be changed from red and white, which were w- tj last season, to yellow and black. The following officers were appointed for the coming year : — President, Mr Harry Hadfield ; vice-presidents, Messrs. W. Dedman, P. Davis, J. Edwards j captain, Mr J. Young ; vice-captain, Mr A. Col lins ; treasurer, Mr 3. Butcher ; secre tary, Mr P. Malonev ; general committee, Messrs. Carney, Dean, Edwards ; match committee, Messrs. Carney, .Edwards, Butcher, J. Young, and Collins. A vote of thanks terminated the meeting. ' A Christmas Cabol.' — -There was a large number of ladies and gentlemen at the Mechanics' Institute last evening to hear the Rev. Jones Hamer, the well known and highly, respected minister of the Collins-street Independent Church, Melbourne, read one of Dickens' Christmas carols. The programme chosen by Mr Hamer was — 1, Marley's Ghost ; 2, The Ghost of Christmas Past ; 3, The Christmas Present, and, 4, The Ghost of Christmas Future. The rev. gentleman, who was enthusiastically received, was listened to with the most earnest attention from beginning to' end, and the audience were ever ready with hearty applause in appreciation of his successful efforts as a reader of those beautiful Christmas stories so dear to the heart of the English speaking - race. The story of Marley's ghost was told with powerful reality, and in the Ghost of the Christmas past, the illness of Tiny Tim and afterwards the conversion of the hypocritical, close fisted Ebenezer Scrouge were put before the audience in a clear and very effective manner. The rev. gentleman plainly showed last evening that he possesses a rich clastic voice, which can be modulated to the nicest effect to suit the many beautiful pathetic passages which abound so plentifully in the Christmas Carols, ?whilst liis declamatory power is also strong and clear. The last carol, 'the ghost of the Christmas future' was per haps the most striking of the whole, and when Mr Hamer closed his book ho was j rewarded with prolonged applause. His ; Worship the Mayor then proposed a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr Hamer for his very entertaining readings, which wasi seconded by the Rev. W. Lawfand carried, with acclamation. The entertainment was in aid of the building fund of the new C-mgregatioml Church. Foreign Birds. — Mr Magnus M. Smith will sell at his mart, York-street, to- morrow, at noon, a very valuable col lection of small foreign birds in their ciges. The collection, which comprises waxbiils, zebra finches, and 'manakins, may be -eeu any time prior to the sale at Mr Smith's mart. Colonial Mutual Life Office. — We direct attention to an advertisement by mis society m another column, tor tne purpose of receiving the report of the -second investigation for the division of profit-i. We hear the report Will declare 'a favorable bonus. A Racing Stctd foe Tasmania. — In ?another column will be found some ex .oellent suggestions by our valued sporting contributor, ' Knavesmire,' on the de sirability of establishing on a permanent and substantial basis, a racing stud for Tasmania. Coubsixg. — The annual meeting of the Northern Tasmanian Coursing Club will be held at the Criterion Hotel on Satur day next at 3 p.m. Tub Late Ms. Ross.— The funeral of Mr. Ross, late director of the Times Par liamentary reporting staff, took place in -Tn.riiinrTr nf. Tlrnmnt^n Vh*» Aannoaari I gentleman, who was 84 years of age, and whose father before him was connected with the same journal, began his duties at the House in 18*20, and continued there down to 1883 with but three years' inter mission. He was a man of sterling in dependence of character and of much kindliness of heart. The chief mourners were Mr. C. H. Ross fe'dest son) and Major and Mrs Knox and Mr. and Mrs. Mallam (daughters and sons-in-law), and Captain Marry, one of Mr. R-iss' oldest friends. Mr. Walter M.P., and Mr. Macdonald were tlie chief of a consider able assembly of the staff of the Times who st)od around the grave. Pastor present ooilcagues inciuded Mr Pembroke Stephens Q, C., Mr. F. Clifford, and Mr. Lrycester. There tvere also at the funeral Mr. Arthur Arnold M.P., and Mr Martin Wood. Several members of the R-.'I'orti i;s: Gillery Committee attended with Mr. lieckober, ihe secretary, who on buhalf fit that body added one to tli* many beautiful wreaths which covered the coflin. Buuke's Old Imsh Whisky, warranted froc from fusil oil. Sold everywhere. The Late Sm ELerbeet Stewart. — 'A | Brother Wykehamist ' sends the Argus I the following notice of the career of the i late Sir Herbert Stewart ' Herbert Stewart was born on 30th June, 1843, the eldest son of the Rev. Edward Stewart, vicar of Sparsholt, near Winchester, in Hampshire, by his marriage with Miss Louisa Anne Herbert, of Muckross, County Kerry, Ireland. He was the 'great grandson of John Stewart, 7th Earl of Galloway, Baron Stewart, of Garlies, in the peerage of the United Kingdom. For a brief period he waB.at Marlborough College, Wilts, and then subsequently was. educated for over six years at Winchester College — first on the foundation, and after wards in commoners. At school hs was the most popular hero of his time, and for long afterwards his name was remembered with affection, as well on account of his Idndly nature as for his prowess at cricket, football, and all athletic sports. no euwreu uw aruiy m iwemner, 1000, as ensign in the 37th North Hampshire Regiment of Foot, which bears on its colors the names of ' Minden' ' Tournay,' and the 'Peninsula;' became lieutenant in 1865, and captain in 1868, and earned the respect of every officer and man in the regiment. In 1873 he exchanged into the cavalry, and became captain of the 3rd Prince of Wales' Own Dragoon Guards, a regiment second to none in the number of illustrious names it bears on its colors, viz., Blenheim, Bamillies, Oudenarde, Malplaquet, Talavera, Albuhera, Vittoria, Peninsula, Abyssinia, and South Africa. He married, in 1877, Georgina, daughter of Sir James Stirling (Admiral), the widow of Major-GeneralSir Henry Tombe, K.C.B., and had a eon born in X878. He served in the .Zulu war, 1879, as brigade major of cavalry, and was mentioned in the des patches ; waB principal staff-officer to the Transvaal field force in that war, and chief of the staff and military secretary to Sir Garnet Wolseley ; was mentioned in the despatches, and received the medal and clasp and brevet of lieutenant-coloneL In 1881 he served through the Boer war as assistant adjutant and quartermaster general, land for his brilliant qualities was again mentioned in the des pawnes. ne servea on me sum aurwg the Egyptian -war of 1882 as assistant adjutant and quartermaster-general of the Cavaliy Division, and was present at both actions at gMMMirin, the battle of Telel ii.eDir, ana was one or me nrsc in at tne taking of Cairo. For his services he re ceived the medal and clasp,- the Khedive's star, the order of the Osmanieh 3rd class, and, was mentioned in the despatches by Sir Garnet Wolseley as being the finest cavalry officer he had had under his com mand. On his return to England he was made brevet-colonel and C.B., and on his regiment being ordered to Ireland was appointed A.D.C. to the Lord Lieutenant. In 1884 he was appointed extra A.D.C. to the Queen and kmghted ; and on Lord Wolseley being sent to take the ' command of the Soudan expedition, he was promoted major general and given command of the Cavalry Division. His quick rise to prominence in the service is almost unexampled, but -events have amply justified it, and the decisive victories of Abuklea and Metemneli will always be remembered in connection with the young and brilliant commander whose loss to the service and to his brother Wykehamists and friends time can only soften, neve'r efface.' ' Lord Randolph , Churchill — The Conservative -champion, Lord Randolph I Churchill, is, says Joseph Hatton in tho Christian Union , a bright, clever, plucky man. . Short in stature, not strong pliysically, an aggressive head, steadfast eyes, a large, heavy moustache. He has a singularly loud, powerful voice. He has all the qualifications that go to make a successful political chief in opposition. He is eloquent, audacious, satirical, full of resource, a trifle reckless, does not always pause to wonder if he is telling die , truth, and can accept . the ugliest repartee and retort with equanimity. He may feel the wound, but nobody knows it. He can 'smile and smile and be a — politician.' In office he would be discreet, and forget many of the promises lie had made when in Opposition. I believe Churchill has a great career before him. When the impetuosity of youth and the recklessness of a free lance have settled down into the experience of a solid mtnhood, Lord Randolph .Churchill is going to help make English histoiy. As an orator, he is more popular, and always will be, than Chamberlain, because he is very much in earnest, lias quick sym pathies, and his feelings' are not always under the control of his judgment. I have seen Beaconsfield so irritate Glad stone by his prods ' into ' the grand old man's ' intellectual hide as .to make him jerk about in his seat, scribble hurried notes for reply, scowl, frown, and almost gnish his teeth. On one occasion Bea consfield congratulated himself and the House of Commons that *' the table ' was between them, Gladstone 'leaned so far overitand ' ' glared so horribly at his rival. Churchill is not without this *' worrying ' power and when he under took to 'draw the badger'- the other day, his attack on Chamberlain had some thing of the snap and snarl of a Scotch terrier in it. The Mubder of Weaee by Thurtell. — The residence of Probert in Gill'shill iane, Herts, which for the last bU years haB been locally known as ' The Murder Cottage,' has now been finally demolished. The references to the incidents of which it was the scene in, the writings of Theo dore Cook, Carlyle, and Sir Walter Scott are well remembered. It' had long fallen into complete decay, and of late had been occupied by peor laborers. From . the curious description in Scott's diary under date May 28, 1828, it appears to have already assumed with its ' fatal pond ' and other surroundings the weird and for lorn aspect which has impressed the imagination of so many curious visitors. Sir Walter applies ;to it the lineB of Wordsworth A merry spot, 'tis said, in days of yore, But something ails it now— the plaice is curst. The drama on the subject of the murder, which was produced at the Surrey Theatre even before the trial had concluded, is stated - by .contemporary authorities to have been illustrated, not only by the actual roan horse and gig which Mr Carlyle has since immortalised; -but by 'the very chairs and table fresh 'from Gill's-hill Cottage.' . The murder seems to have bad a special fascination for suburban play wrights. As late as 1862 the Lord Chamberlain refused a license to a manu script play entitled ' The Gipsey of Edgware ; or, The Crime of Gill's Hill Lane.' 