MAUDI) EDGELY. 'At length he told me he had made every arrangement for our marriage, and only waited my consent. At the other end of Brighton, hidden among the small back streets, stood an old church. It was not a fashionable building-no grandees every attended it; week after week it was filled by the poor, the toiling, andtheneedy. Here, at St. Hidulph's, Edgar said we could be married ; and amongst our own class no word of it would ever be known. He could arrange all the prelimi naries he said, and our secret would be safe if I would only consent. ' I could not refuse. The face I loved so dearly looked pleedlngly into mine. The eyes, in which I read all truth and all nobility, were fixed upon me, with a prayer in their clear depths. His warm, firm hand grasped my own, and he prayed me, as only such men can pray, to be his wife at once. ' There was no one to warn me-no one to stand between me and the danger I courted so madly-no angel with fiery sword came between me and my doom. 'I have suffered so awfully for my sin-my life has been blighted-it has been without hope or pleasure-the only ray of sunshine that ever came to me has been from the love and devotion of this noble girl, on whom the chief weight'of my sin has fallen. .:' I had no strength to refuse. It seemed to me'that I was alone irn the world but for him and.I consented, with a thousand nameless fears that have all since been realized. 'One spring morning-it was nearly the end of May-I stole from home, and was married. I remember the day- damp, grey, and murky, with leaden clouds in the sky, and a leaden mist over the sea. It was not light when I left my mother's house, making some excuse to the maid servant, who was surprised to see me dressed at that hour. I walked quickly to St. Hidulph's. Captain Wynter was sthere; and his valet-a man named Robert Jennings- had come with him for a witness. 'I~ oight to"have struck me, even then, as strange that heshiould bring a servant instead of a-, friend with .him;- but I was too happy e'en to thirik of itf ?i'Iy weddihng day! Like all other girls, I had thought' aniddreamed my of wedding day, anld nmy :tre~am had been of sunshine and flowers andi gaiety. S: The reality was a cold, dark, damp church, a minister who seemed. to be ill of consmp tion, and spokeiin such a low tone of voice, we could -hardly hear: him ; an old woman, :ith a harsh; forbidding face, who usually officiatLd as pe?-opener, was my bridesmaid, ins place of .? train of laughing; fair-faced girls. I. can hardly, -remember my marriage-it was like ý-a' dull.dream of surprise. ..Itwas' over .at: last;,' wewent into the vestry," and, after signing our nhinaes,' ''Edgar Wynter stinped` down, kissed me, and 'called me his. wife. ' I was obliged to hurry home, dreading lest. my imother should wake and miss' men but I' need. not have feared.. Tne mnorning was dark and damp. Lady Dene; never cared to leave her room when that was the case; and she-never kinev that I: had'leftf[he house that morning. 'That was my wedding day-the dark beginnnmg of a ,dark 'life-may God pardon "the unhailpy man :who'brought that day's doo n e ;p''n" 'e n ' r. CHAPTER XLIV. ' FEW people pass 'through life without some gleam. of happiness. :After. my ill omened wedding-day, I had two months-I must not, say of happiness, but' of tremiibling: joy:'. I was wrapped in my, dream of ."love. .My husband seemed to worship-me;, his love for. me filled me with wonder and amaze. ' I was blinded, duped, and' deceived ; :yet I look back upon the time and weep that'it passed to soon. Our. ~ecret was quite safe no. one ever discovered ,it-no one ever seemed even faintly to imagine such a thing. I' went sometimes to visit Mrs. Wynter. Be fore her,, Edgar was cool and guarded, but she,.' never thinking there was anything but the most distant 'acquaintanceship berween us, often left us together. For every moment of stolen love I may say that I have passed a century of pain. ' One morning in August I sat near the window of our drawing-room at Rosebank, watching the sea. The sun shone brightly, but the water seemed to me of a curious leaden hue, and there was an ominous silence over all nature, such as usually precedes a storm.' ' My mother, that day was very busy in her dressing-room with her maid ;. they~were:liold ing -solemn council 'about some 'dresses sup 'posed to be passed u'se' :I had taken a book in my hands but;it had fallen upon the floor; it was luxury,. enough 'for.me to be alone and dream of my love.' ' Two or three hours must have passed u.:r 'iny head; they seemed' like so many minutes,. for when I came out of my dream it was to look on in wonder at the sudden fury of the wind and the waves. Black clouds were rapidly driven along the sky, the waters seemed to roar with a hoarse noise, hollow and reverberating, the waves rose high, and. fell in sheets of white foam. It was a mighty storm--none the less terrible than it had so suddenly arisen. *'I sat and watched it, thinking many thoughts, wondering at the power of the Hand that ruled such storms. No warning came to me about it; I heard no death shriek in the shrill blasts-no dying moan in the roar of the waves. 'Slowly enough the day passed. .My mother did not leave her dressing-room until dinner-time, and then she had so much to say to me of what had taken place there, that the storm was never mentioned. It had for some time been my habit to steal out after dinner, while Lady Dene read her paper and slept, just half an hour, to meet my husband, I had but to pass through the garden and turn round the cliff-he was always, waiting for me on the sands. 'The storm hbd died away, the sky was still leaden-colored, and there was a hoarse, hollow murmur in the wind. Yet I knew that he would be there; I knew neither wind nor rain would keep him from me. The evening was dark, with a grey, dull light, that to me seemed always full of horror ' I went on to the sands for the first time; he was not there. Before me stretched the wild waste of water, and the narrow strip of land on which we had spent such happy hours. 'I looked around me in dismay. Where was he-the handsome, gallant young lover who always awaited me with such loving words ? "'Edgar !' I called, thinking he might have walked down the cliff. ' Edgar, are you here ?' 'There was no reply, save the hoarse murmur of the wind, and the wash of the waves on the shore. I was not frightened. I thought perhaps he had been detained, and walked along the sands, hoping every moment to see him. Ten minutes-a quarter of an hour passed-still he did not come. The leaden clouds grew darker, and the tide rose rapidly. 'Then I began to feel, not frightened, but. anxious. Could it be that the night would pass without my seeing him ? and suddenly I began to think what life would be to me without him. My heart died within me at the thought. I realized then what he was to me; and I knew that death in the roaring waves so near me would be kinder than life without my love. 'Then I laughed at my own superstitious fears. It was 1te first time he had ever failed, and he waj'but r5 minutes late. Yet I was sick, cold, ad'e, faint with dread. 'Just then I fancie that in the dull, grey light I saw hin1 Ah, me, how my hopes revived ! I lahued aloud-at my fears. " Edgar !"I crred, again; ' I am here.' 'There was no answer, save from the angry waves that fell at my feet. What I saw was but the shadow of a shrub on the cliff. ' I waited until the half-hour expired, and he did not come-the first time during all the long months I had known him that he had ever, missed. I dared not remain any longer. It was fortunate for me that I hurried home; Lady Dene was awake, and asking for me. I went into the drawing room at once, and my mother cried out in horror at the sight of my face. ' Great heavens, Hester, what have you been doing? You look like a ghost-the very caricature-of yourself. - Where have you been ?' 'I muttered something about feeling cold, and she said, peevishly : 'Then order a fire. If you do not take more care of yourown appearance, we may give up-all hope. .You look' nre like a worn, haggard woman of six-and-twe' , than a girl in the spring-tide of youth.' 'My mother had now a real ievance She talked all night to n-erabout the c e that was needed for the preservattiN of auty, and I sat thinking how the wind and ,waves had mocked me when I cried out for my love. 'That night my pillow was wet with my tears. I remember the desolation, the sor row, the sadness that overwhelmed me ; the dismay, the fear, that seemed to strike to the very centre of my soul. What should I do if the morrow failed to bring him'? .'I longed for only one word from him. All night long in my sleep, I was talking to him-asking him what I had done-why he had failed me why he did not come as he had promised ? How little I dreamed what the morrow would hring forth I 'The long night passed, the morrow came -the rising sun brought no warning to me of the sorrow coming. I went down as usual, and found, wonderful to relate, that -Lady Dene was down before me. She was reading the morning paper, with a very grave expression of face. 'I am glad to see you look less like a ghost this morning, Hister,' :.she said. ' What a terrible accident this is 1', 'I remember.feeling too'q5ruch engrossed in my own sorrow to think oB r 'care for others. I had not even)sufficient-,interest to ask Lady Dene what tle accident was. 'It will cast quite a gloom ii er"Bri hton,' she said, ' for I have heard on.'all sides' what a popular man he is.' 'It will, indeed,' I replied, rmechanically,. knowing that nothing irritated my, mothcr more than seeming inattentive to her words. ' Mrs. Wynter will be heartbroken,' she said. ' I cannot understand people making such idols of their children. I am no believer myself in such ill-regulated affection.' ' Mrs. Wynter1' I gasped, ' what is it to her ?' 'More than '.to anyone. else,' was the oromot renlv.. ' He'is:.her own son.' 'Even to this nimoent I do not remember how I lived through the shock of the words.' ' Here, read theistory for yourself,' said my ~other, bjith unusua good 'uature. I took he paper from 'her rnds. should I~ve cried out if I dared, t my lip were sealed. I was dumb. 'I read-God help me !-I read the story. It was headed 'FFatal Accident,' and it told how, yesterday morning, while the sun was on the sea, Captairi, Wynter had gone out with a frietid for a sail; and how the sudden storm had arisen, and by some accident or mismanagement, the boat was upset, and the two gentlemen were thrown into the water. ' From the shore they were seen for some time struggling in the waves Boats went out to them, but long before human aid could avail they were drowned. Even on that same night the body of Captain Wynter had been washed ashore. That of his friend, the Hon. Mr. Leason, had not yet been recovered. ' I read it, and the words turned me to stone. While I had been waiting for him on the shore of that most treacherous sea,' he was dead and the waves were washing his dead body to my feet. 'He was dead ! My husband, whom: I loved--my husband, who only a few hours ago:had:clasped my,hands, kissed my :lips; called me his love,.his darling, .his life. He was dead-! the arms that had enfolded me were powerless'; the' strong, tender hands cold; the lips" that:-l'vished such warm caresses, such tender words on me, were dumb for ever. ' In ordinary sorrow one can cry out, and the very cry brings :relief. No such help came to my tortured heart. My lips were mute, and I remember a wild longing for death, an almost irresistible impulse to rush out of the room, and fling myself\ into the waves where he, my love and my "husband, had met his death. ' I rose.from my seat, and gave the paper back-to my mother, She went on composedly drinking her tea;-as-,ithough nothing had happededne ::. ý "1 . ,, - -1 11 ' , "* 'It is very shocking,~isitinot ?' she-saidi ' Those kind'of affairs make me quite lelan choly. Poor Mrs. Wynter will be terribly grieved.' ' She never looked at me or seemed to think that I might be grieved. I was thankful for it. I strove hard to regain my calm. I bit my lips till they bled ; I clenched my hands until my skin was torn and bruised; the noise of rushing waters filled my ears; my eyes were blinded with a thick mist. I felt like one stunned by a violent blow. 'For more than. half an hour I sat so utterly, hopelessly lost. I was conscious all the time that my mother was talking. to me, though I could not distinguish her words, and made no. reply. ' Then I rose, and went up to Lady Dene. ' ' Mamma,' I said, ' I feel very ill; would you allow me to go to my own room for an hour or two ?' 'She assented, not very graciously, and in a few minutes I found myself alone-alone with the most bitter agony that was never more to die from me.' 