THE GHOST LION. A STOBY OF SOOTH AFBICA. The'Datcfc eettlementjof Zwart Kop (Black Head), in South Africa, was all in a stir cf excitement, and on every side there was nothing to be heard but De spook leven !' (the gbost lion). It was certainly rather hard on the worthy settiers that after they had, as they thought, killed or driven aw s.y all the lions in the neighbourhood, and made the place quite safe, they should suddenly be persecuted by a lion worse ihan ten ordinary beasts put together. No one could say exactly what it was like, for it always came at night, and moved so quickly that it would have been bard to get a fair sight of it even in broad daylight, which was what bad earned it the name of the ' ghost-lion.' But all agreed that it must be a beast of enormous size and strength and uncommon ferocity. Many of the settlers really thought that. ;?t was a ghost, and one or two who hat fired at it and missed it loudly declared that, if it load been a mortal oreature, their bullets gnust have brought it down. So, whenever people talked of the large reward offered for the killing of this troublesome lion, these fellows would look knowingly at each other ped say ; ' Wait a bit. The man who wants that _ 4 has got to earn it first. v. "v&esfcr; two or three farmers met, there crop si, he some talk of the lion and- hia misdeeds mn had lofit a D6 X' another a v abJe do<' a had $lm08t been eaten up Bn< at laat' earl on8 morning » a. « oame in«o the village With a Wf '» »4l3« everyone look grave. .. , . , . . He and another nai.TO a u lVf some cattle not lav and about midnight he bid , sleep, it bring his comrade's? ,uca guard. Presently he was awaSed by « , straDge noise. He called out. .fl j had ceased, and all waa eilenf. He to hia companion, but there wa£ no bum . Then a sudden horror fell upon blip. ana he ran away into the bush and climbed UP a tree, where he remained all night- When tie returned to the fatal spot at daybreak, there was no trace of the lost man but a few shroos 1 V-- -t I. -nrl a r.nftt nf hlOOa. Ul niB Baeepfi&iU; wuan When this news got abroad, everyone begjn to look rather uncomfortable, ana those who had declared the lion to be something more than an ordinary wild beast were seen to nod their heads meaningly. This won't do,' cried a sturdy farmer ; we shall have him cooling right into the village next and eating ua up one by ne. 4 Well, if he does,' rejoiced & bard-faoed old Dutchman with iron-grey hair, taking a big silver- mounted pipe out of his mopili as be spoke, 4 1 only hope he'll begin with that black bull of mine/ , , At this tjaere was a general laugh; lor Mynheer Van Ripper's bull was well known throughout the estjre settlement, and many people were almost as C?uch afraid of it as of the lion itself. ... It was a huge, blaofe, savage brute, with horns long snd sharp enough to have gored I fell grown foojfalo ; and the story went tnat v had hunted gepr Mynheer Van Ripper J\ jrwgh.4 apross his ewn pasture land, himec. $riyep him up £ tf&e;, where he and fina. . - than an hour, had to sitqui. #»nd bellowing below, with the buil p '\tU jfoiiteplot servants till at length some tn. came to the rescue. m ct his 4 Well, nJghbour Han?,' c. fsgat cl friends, 4 why don't yu shoot tha a ball of youis, and have done with i . 4 Ah, it is easy to say 44 shoot !" rep. Yan Bipocr. 4 But while the baast is alive, look you, he may always be worth something -and whin he is cea>a he is worth nothing at ail. No, I will not shoot him just yet.' Now, there was one nit>n mere who had laid carefully to heart the fate cf the poor Hottentot killed by the iion, and that was a -bushman, B ack Klaas by n m , who wai one el Fuimei Van R ppei'a .ctvants. " happened to be his tarn to keep watch that nigrjc over the herd in which wr s the vioijuc bnM, and ibis herd grazed in a meadow a fcM-d way tn« village, joal the wrt of place where the iioh might be ekpeeted to make Its appearance. But, whether the lion came or not, Klaas was determined to be on the safe side. As softs t grew darkj he olitnbed a tree, and fixed himself nugly in the fork, so that he might not slip down, even if he happened to fall asleep, which there was not mucn chance of bis doing. .It was a black and dismal night. Even when the moon rose, . the thick clouds around her made her light little better than total darkness. At first all was deathly still, but presently the savage's quick ear caught a rustle among the bushes below, which was quite enough for him. True, it might be only a stray ox, but the bushman thought otherwise, and the next moment showed that he was right. Tne moon broke through the clouds, and revealed the long, gaunt body, tawny skin, and huge, shaggy head of the ghost- lion, Klaas instantly gave the alarm, with a screech loud and ear-splitting enough to awaken everybody within half a mile. It was answered by a deep, hoarse bellow of rage from the black bull, which stood pawing the earth in the open part of the meadow. As the lion spr>ng at him, with a roar th&t; shook the air, ibe moon plunged behind ihe clouds cnce more, but the growling, snorting, and gaepinghat .rose up through the gloom showed that the fight was a fierce one. 4Thio Way !' shouted Mynbeer V<jei Ripper's wed known voice, as he aud a doz?u of bis men came up with guns and torches. Hi ! what's ibis V Tli8 red torchlight fell upon a vast, con fused masB of black and yellow lying quite still. The death-grapple was ended. The lion's powerful jaws bad broken the bull' 3 neck, but, as he sprang, the terrible heru bad pierced through his . side to the very heart. , 4 l)i J I not do well not t.) sh iot that bull?' cried Yau Ripper, with a fat chuckle 4 Now we are rid of both lion and bull, and as it was my bull that killed the lion, I ought to get the rewaid ' Aud he did eet it the very next day. — From Young Folks.' 