A GIRL IN A THOUSAND. BY JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of "Lady Muriel's Secret," "The Spider and the Fly," " Poisoned Arrows," " Wild Georgie," Ac., <tc. CHAPTER XXVI. SO TIDINGS. Mr. Stanhope's straw, to whish he has been clinging BO desperately of late, has not developed into a raft on which he can float. Nothing has happened to postpone the dreaded marriage with Sergius Lenskoff, and it is fixed to take place on the morrow. " Geoffrey will be safe; safe ifi his birthright of elder son. Fedora, his beloved wife, will be scared the pang of a terrible exposure: but his darling Irene, how will it be with her?" he asks himself repeatedly as he wanders like a ghost about the rooms replete with preparations for this great festivity. Every circumstance seems to have combined to keep Henry Stanhope's secret; not only Sergius LenskofTs promised silence if he marries Irene, but Simon Knight's opportune death without leaving one word behind that could tell tales. " No; Mr. Stanhope is mistaken iu his death-bed murmurings. Tom Chilton caught just a sound or two which if repeated might awaken the past. But Tom Chilton' is either reserving them, or does not think them worth telling. How can he know for certain that Simon Knight was the only witness to that false marriage in Russia; that on his return to England he came to Warleigh to bully Mr. Stanhope, whom he tracked there; and that the first money Henry Stanhope raised on his estate was the sum with which Simon Knight started the business at Wandsworth, paid under the solemn promise that he would never reveal to mortal man what he had seen in Russia ? And Simon Knight, coarse and hard though he was, had kept his word. " He was a tradesmen before everything," he would have said. "Money's worth for money's value was the only reglar mode of proceeding." And so the wedding-day was about to dawn. The bride's dress of embossed creamy velvet trimmed with point d'Alengon, which had been in Prince Sergius' family for years, was the most exquisite garment that Laferriere had ever produced. The diamonds which Sergius Lenskoff had elected should be scattered among her flowers as though they had been rained there in a shower of magnicence would be the talk of London. Sergius Lenskoff intended this marriage to be heard of far and near, and in carrying out his luxuriously grandiose ideas he had an able coadjutrix in Lady Fedora. On her own account her habits were perhaps rather retiring, but she loved pomp and grandeur for her child. If she could only have awakened her hushand to the belief in the great happiness that had come - to them, she would have been quite satisfied; but this was so impossible that she gave up making the attempt, and trusted to the future, when she felt quite certain he would be compelled to acknowledge how mistaken he had been in his judgment of the man whose delight it was to encircle their child with every luxury and gilded pleasure that wealth can command. Whether Lady Fedora or her husband is the better judge of character the sequel alone will prove, but there is little doubt that there are others besides Mr. Stanhope who will murmur " Poor Irene," when decked in her bridal Bheen she stands at the altar by Sergius LenskofTs side. Yet for the nonce she is radiantly happy. How can she be otherwise ? She loves the Prince with all the strength of her young gushing affections, and he devotes himself to her with a constancy and an almost omniscient knowledge of what will please her; this from the man she loves cannot do otherwise than touch a girl of Irene's temperament very deeply. She is dressed for the wedding now in her jewel-besprinkled garb, and Sergius himself in his simple morning dress, a FAnglaise, drives round to the Eaton- square house for a moment before going to the Greek Church where the marriage is to be celebrated with all pomp. He would see Irene and bestow on her one last gift more costly than its predecessors—a bracelet, in which an empress might have gloried. He clasps it himself round her fair wrist. Ah, it would have paid twice over all Henry Stanhope's liabilities. Prince Sergius does not speak while he faster s, it only stoops and kisses the arm round which he leaves it—then he looks up and meets Henry Stanhope's eyes as he watches the little scene from his post of observation on the hearthrug, his back to the fire. It is scarcely a pleasing expression that those eyes convey, nor are Prince Sergius's as they return the glance wholly free from malignity. The only difference is, on one man's face there is triumph, on the other despair. Irene surprises this somewhat ominous eye telegraphy and utters & little cry as she seizes, almost pleadingly, the Prince's arm. Yes, he is to shield her now; the father knows it and turns away with a suppressed sigh. " My own, my beautiful—you are nervous ; there is nothing to disturb you, my Irene ; in less .than an hour you will by my wife, aud then I shall defy the world." Defy the world? Ay, will he ? Turning then to the disconsolate father he says very pointedly— I " We shall meet again, Stanhope—we shall i meet again." J Mr. Stanhope quails. The only active part j he is called on to take in reference to this I dreaded marriage is that he must himself ! give Irene to the man he would rather see ; dead at his feet than the husband of his i child. Lady Fedora has arranged all about the ' settlements, seen the lawyers, done everyj thing that is possible herself, bat Mr. Staa- ; hope must give the child away, she says. • It is a torture for Henry Stanhope, iu i which Sergius Lenskoff delights, a part of his ! revenge for the waut of a seeming eacourage- I ment to his suit which his old friend has most assuredly not troubled himself to affect. ! They will meet azain. ! Another half-hour, and Henry Stiahope ! with Irene on his arm, his step so tottering ! that it seems as if lie will scarcely reach the ! altar, walks up the aisle of the" Church, a ! bevy of smiling bridesmaids following in the j bride's wake. The I'xince, with his best man, is wailing ; for them. ! There is no chancs now of a reprieve. As i a man in a dream, Henry Stanhope feels ; rather than hears that the service is prooeeiling ; he doss his appointed part of it without beini; i-onsoious that he pertorming anything . out of tbe way. The organ and a choir of fresh young voices break out in a rich and melodious anthem. The ceremony is over. The fair veuue m'rl, who hi? the joy of the Stanhopes' h<?."!!<5 for years, is Princess Irene -now, and the sacrilice is complete. She takes her husband's arm, and they pass into tbe sacristy to sitm -the books. Of eourse Henry Stanhope is a witness; witn-a trembling hand he affixes his name. " Why don't the carriages come up more quiakty ? Will this terrible ordeal never be over? If he could only get away or not see the pegeant he would not, perhaps, be so sensibly alive to the fact that Irene is really married." People are beginning to notice how strange and-dreamy he looks. Lady Fedora makes excuses, saying he is ill, but otto voce bids him rouse himself for only a short time longer. •Once more .Prince Sergius places Irene's hand on his arm to lead her to the carriage. As he does so they ar&assailed; with a torrent of compliments, she with kisses. While the tumult cf .glad voices is at its height tie Prince hands Henry Stanhope a paper. He unfolds it with those long thin fingers of his, whicli are never steady now. The certificate of Damitri's death and burial! The telegram announcing Damitri's sudden death had been received by Sergius Lenskoff in the club hall that night he had dined with JBenry Stanhope. He had kept his own counsel—till now told •no one ; first he must gain the prize he sought —Irene's hand. He hated Henry Stanhope for mistrusting him, and resolved to give him -.this terrible coup with full force when all the world was by. The Englishman's pluck was greater than .Sergius Lenskoff had thought. He did not flinch when he read those lines, did not fall down struck to the earth, as might have been xjiected. Though he was now doubly certain that Sergius Lenskoff was no mate for his beautiful loving child, yet he would not proclaim it to the bystanders, but let him take her forth to the carriage without uttering one word of surprise or reproac-i. Only by his weary pained look eould those who knew him well see how much he suffered, and when they saw him almost crawl out of the Church, leasing on Ferdinand, whose arm he bad clutched, fearing lest he should fatl, the general opinion was that Henry Stanhope would not live long to witness his daughter's happiness. No, the weight of his bygene sin was crushing the strength out of the strong mac, and the terrible sacrifice of his child, rendered still more terrible in wnat now proved to be its utter uselessness, added tenfold to the mental agony Henry Stanlicpe had been suffering of late. No brain, no frame can stand such tension long, and with the departure of the guests, Henry Stanhope's last flickering gleam of endurance ended. He lay prostrate in his study chair, and neither spoke nor moved. Lady Fedora, beside herself with anxiety, sent for the family doctor. He shook his head and looked grave. No, the end would not be yet; still it had begun. Henry Stanhope would rally from his present torpor, but never again would he possess his old energy. "Geoffrey—I want to see Geoffrey," was his repeated prayer. And so they started for Italy to join their eldest son, Lady Fedora hoping almost against hope that the warm, bright sunshine would restore her husband. For a time it almost seemed as if her hopes might be realized; sitting in Geoffrey's painting - room or walking slowly with Geoffrey in the sunshine, Henry Stanhope looked brighter than he had looked tor months. He had told Geoffrey all, confided to bis son what from the tongue of gossips he had partly guessed, for the secret was not altogether as close a one as Mr. Stanhope believed ; and Geoffrey and he had agreed that since Damitri was really dead, the painful story might with justice be concealed from Lady Fedora, Geoffrey reseiving the right to tell her the whole truth if any portion of it should reach her after his father's death. And thus the trio passed the winter together, a full account of Ferdinand's marriage being sent them. They had excused themselves from being present, Mr. Stanhope was too ill, but the Princess Irene Lenskoff was there, radiant in her acknowledged beauty. The honeymoon had not jet waned. Irene's letters still teemed of happiness and love. They were just starting for Russia to a castle belonging to Prince Sergius on some barren steppe. What would his life be there ? The father quailed as he contemplated it. He only knew what Lenskoff was; but even Lady Fedora begins to regret her child. Weeks pass wearily into months, and the tidings from her are so scarce, the letters so far between and so incommunicative, that if the mother had her way she would start for Russia herself to learn what is being enacted there. But her home tie is too strong. Mr. Stanhope is failing slowly, dying of that canker remorse, than which there is scarcely a more agonizing disease. Every day he asks after Irene, every day Lady Fedora shakes her head and whispers, " No tidings." "It is a just retribution." he murmurs almost with his dying breath, holding Geofliey meantime by the hand. " I let her go from me to save myself—it is .just that she should not be with me at the last." THE EXP. 