.THI BAOHELOR'S VISION I tMr Bhackell uftH givpu ' f . 2 I to move in toe Legiriative A- a ' - - I imposition of a tax upon ,tU h >< 1 . . « I the age of .26 and 60.— Vide l'n - r-:. .m., I The bachelor slept on« winterV 1 -li'., I Ensconced in bis snue artn-ci. 1.: I The crackling fire-logs glo<-j t.r.ght, I And arcmnd threw a vivid j-hr -. I Tbe faithful dog at his mn.-ti' I Lay In proud complaoeticv, And the brindle cat took hi Aorttd xca'. I Wberaaloving wife should he. I Tbe bachelor snored (uiori ' do) I Like a hnnting-horn , I And in um chorus acreechc.i t ue cockatoo i From his perch up in tlm k'.'.i- I The midnight chimes Lad 1 0 : j b c - 1 ioU>5, I And the ' wee ema' hoar " cr«-|>: ou, I Aud over thfi woodland, ropse, au 1 wold, I Old Boi rather dimly shone. Still tbe bachelor slept, and still li» Mioie! I (For no caret nor grief have ti.oyj, I And tbe faithful dog the f.n". ignored I That it now was break o'-<bty. I Enter Shackeli'a gaoat j. Ghost Loquitur. I Arise, awake, dull aortal, rise, I Come, rouse this from thv cauch of alotb ; I (B ere toe bachelor rubbed ui» <<eedy eyes, I And granted a favorite oath). I Get np, I lay, and hark to me. I Thy elumbsrs now most end ; Too long to Bacchus a devotee, I v Than shalt now to Yeans lnd, I I few Septal I (A huh for von hermite' barks), I For I fey Apollyon have been seat, I To proclaim tbe Bachelors' Tax. Spread! out (beet of I psrriunent, fnrcrlbea in great red letters ; tpivee one exultant yell, ana then vanishes in >1 cloud of sulphurous smoke. I In fear the bachelor kept his place, I AnJ P1114 b spread o'er his face, Aud 'fi h cpeiro? fl0m 80al 1 dep I " i wrinkled and fierce, each with ad M1"' Cupid 1, CSioras of Old Maids. I G lory to greet ShackelTs name, I Let ns alUn joy proclaim ; I Glory baueSuia 1 Mnidens all io chorus shout, Pine no more in anxious doubt, Boon shall lovers woo you. Ring great Sbackell's glorious praise, Grown him with Love I. v red bays, Vroerato his B3:r<% He has oar faithful . p«»im him every Mvitv ua. «r %y, why" |o me'ls' this dread judgeaeftt I What have X dose that My calm, pesosfol life 7 Should e'er he plunged in fierce, domed H UUf. ' rEn-tatai dhort ol SBnekelL I (ollowta by n malUtad. ol gum, .Ure-'iMI1 H tan -gatherer.. The bachalof looked on ln dire amaze, H Ao tbo appalHog phalanx met bla gaze ; H Thra abriekad ilonfl wlW, drepafnng J; M Aadbntawaidi, tenreiaaa, with deep (">" Ghoata ranlabj. The noonday ran wai ibinini bright, Tbe aongiitar'i note ring loud. Tbo gen tit breexo blew wit and light, ' Tbetky woienot a cloid, Ail Nature HOBod ia deep delight, \- Ai with new life endowed. H Tbe wim ranbnoi H Dispelled bii droazu, Ai the baobalor aliabering B And hie weary ej« In dim rapriia, Beheld the Hght of day. H Ob, what (laid he) cat, ajl tbia miaa f Oh -by , te goda I thi» awful acene I Ho hope bare I, now dark daapair Ii 11 any biaitid life ran ihara- I cannot to thi tar rabmit, my rights it not rrgnrda i whit ; To jnarry I cannot afford. ttorbapM by a threw life might bs bsref) it peace is flown, all. all is woe, M> heart no more thall gladness know. Who is this tyrant Shseksll t Who Would thus my liberty undo F W bat right has hs mv will to /ores, And driou me te n hated eoarss f B Shall Freedom now be valued by tbsifttssfi And man beeome tbe slavd of lsgislsto> ' H He sold ; and drooped Ids hssJ head, H A nd cloato again ms syrilds red. Then, as the acooeiboy from his teat B Xasps up, when hespindoto 4Mt H Or ss the foot bell from the toe Of some strong player up does go | B Ho rose ths bacnelor, revived, No more by magic shackles gyved ; He straightaway strode to his bedrosm (Alas ! rod sosne of his dire doossh And took a leathern sirs Which often hs as belt < m rhen fastened It with dt JVbicb fate inepjred tc B ' J uto a Waui, that serv Fwr ext ellfix-e, tiien fi: Around 1- 1 vk. Htul i H 11 Mlitbdc, b:e it n- — 1 " Nagatubie Times." 