ECHOES OF MELBOURNE (By Thb Ghost.) Honourable members of the Legislature —or rather of the Assembly — can hardly be congratulated on their behaviour during the week. The Licensing Bill ha3 caused them to run riot, and shows how ' license' may at home be abused. Mr. Bent and Mr. Coppin were the worst of the offenders, nature as to preclude them from being re ported, and to cause Mr. Peter Lalor, the Speaker — according to his own account — to ' blush with shame,' and more than once to threaten to clear the galleries. Of course the utterances of the offenders are very much toned down in the reports of the speeches in the morning dailies, but still there is quite enough coaraeness in the in nuendoes bandied about between Mr. Bent, Mr. Coppin, and the Ministry to show at a glance that Tuesday's proceedings were a disgrace to Parliamentary institutions, and cause other people' besides the Speaker of the Assembly to ' blush with shame.' It is, however, now quito plain that the story of the old man and his ass is to receive yet one more illustration. The now licensing measure designed to please both the publi cans and the teetotalers pleases neither party. It will require to be very much modified before it, if ever it does, be comes law. Of tho two parties tho licensed victuallers are far tho more reasonable. They are prepared to accept the main pro visions of the bill, and only are desirous of seeing some of tho most unjust and drastic clauses expunged, while the other sido will hear of nothing in the shape of a com promise. Aut casa aut nullus is their motto, and they go in for abolishing pub licans, brewers, wine and spirit merchants, hotels, and barmaids at one fell swoop, denying all compensation to the persons zeal in pushing their pel; crotchets is likely to meet the fate of ' vaulting ambi tion which o'er-lcaps itself and falls on the other sido,' and may cause the with drawal of tho bill, after a serious waste of time lost in debating it, and tho postpone ment of the much-needed reforms in the present licensing laws to the Greek Calends. There is a deal of 'wirepulling,' or rather what the lato Mr. John Thomas Smith, 'seven times Mayor of Melbourne,' was wont to term ' tiddliwinking.' going on in regard to the appointment of a fifth Judge of the Supreme Court. The appointment is rendered necessary owintr to the perti nacity with which Sir William Stawell sticks to the Chief Justiceship, notwith standing his inability through illness to perform the duties devolving upon him. The Law Institute' has been interviewing the Attorney-General, and urging tho honourable gentleman to appoint a judge,, and not to select him from among the Occupants of t.lin fininit.v Hnnrt. Bench, and ' put up ' questions are continually being asked in Parliament, in regard to the stoppage of business in tho legal courts. Mr. Kerferd shows a becoming coyness, but there are signs that the honourable gentleman is fast giving way, and that like Lord Byron's Julia in Don Juau, while 'swearing he will ne'er consent,' will ere long be prevailed upon to don the ermine, and.why not ? Cromwell was in his early days a brewer, yet became Lord Protector of England, and there can therefore be no greatobjection to tho'.momber for Beech worth, who in his salad days also dealt in malt liquors, becoming a judge. Are we not in Victoria, above all things, a democratic community ? Victoria is at the present time tasting the delights of being a ' military power' in the shape of a mutiny ,ut her militia. The young gentle men who came forward when war was imminent between the mother country and Russia to serve their Queen and protect their hearths and homes object to do ' fatigue duty.' They do not caro being the '??' observed of all observers ' at such a fashionable watering place as Quoenscliff, and being seen by the cooks and nurie maids of that fashionable locality ' engaged in the prosaic occupation of dragging up guns from the railway station to the batteries ; hence their refusal to obey the lawful commands of their officers, and their arraignment before a duly constituted court martial. The period of incarcera tion to which they have been sentenced will enable them to reflect on tho past and realise the truth of the saying that in this world if ' all is vanity,' the penalty of being vain. That 'fishy' business, the Fish Creek selection episode, is not, despite the 'happy despatch' consummated by the principal actor in the little affair, Mr. Richard Richardson, ex-Minister of Lands, who resigns his Executive Councillorship and the magistracy, to be allowed to sink into oblivion. Mr. M'Intyre, who has a groat talent for making himself disagroeable to his political opponents, has given notice of a motion which will again bring the sub ject before tho public. Better far would it be to follow the old advice of ' lotting sleeping aogs He.' There is nothing to be gained by raking over Parliamentary scandals, which, like other foul matter, become the more offensive the more they are stirred up. Two shillings per mile appears rather a small sum to ask tho Government to pay for being told exactly where to find under ground streams in the arid northern plains of Victoria, yet the Government positively refuse to give this sum for the information which a Mr. Morish avers himself ready to impart, for the method proposed is to use the ' divining rod.' If there are fewer superstitions in the present nineteenth century, and fewer impostors, there are certainly fewer fools. This epoch is nothing if not practical, and tho ' boring rod' has therefore superseded tho divining rod, the means proposed by Mr. Morish. By the way, isn't the name suggestive of the countrymen of the Moses who caused water to gush from the dry rock P ' The wonder is that with such certain means at his disposal of preventing the evils inci dental to drought, tho ' diviner' doos not betake himself to some of tho dryer regions of Queensland and offer his services to the water-famished pastoral tenants. A certain fortune should await him without causing him much travelling ' in dry places seek ing whom he may devour.,' And apropos of drought, it would really be a blessing were we poor Melbournites treated to. a little more sunshine than we have been of late enjoying. Truly it may be said that during the last two months 'The rain it rainoth every day.' The streets of ' the queen city of the south' are covered with inches of liquid mud, which hardly has time to reach the sticky stage before it is again liquified. As a consequence, every second person one meets is Buffering from some form of catarrhal or bronchial affection, and the death rate in- tl\e'-'6i(;y aiitl' suburb's is Rbn£ririty]ly| large; ';?'?-' ? ??'/' /'' '}?'?'- .','/? ' ;'. , ^.,'. !?;.'??,,, ;!THe' 'Licensing Bill' is fast 'entering 'the fegibn-qf '. '? Inir.riing questioasv' 'Mdiotirigs. are being1 -'hold; not only.in Melbourne aricl the' 'a'djacont municipalities, but .tlmragli-' o^t the lim'gth arid breadth of the' country/. Opinion] 'if it can'bc lightly gaugecl'by tlio' resulfof :thdse' : gatherings, 'seenis' ,to ,be, pr6t'ty'w6U( divided on tho merits of' the' mea'sure'/'for' at;six ,of' thorn resolutions; were car«ed:approving of the bill, while:at' atipthersixthe measure was denorince'd'.iri' th'e strongest terms.' : Tho- flghtoyer.it will bo sevefn and long. : ' '. x '?'' 'Only 30. -'?'-' .? ::''' '. ' :' !; ,' :':'u-,':' 