TRAINING NOTES. FXJEMINGTON, TUESDAY. Iii conscquence of the heavy downpour of wet during (Saturday and Sunday the tracks were very sloppy and holding. Nevertheless it did not deter traiDers from working their horses. Morrison sent St. Odille for strong exercise, the last time round on the sand; and Doncaster was bowling along for timilar work. Leporello, who is an improved animal, was on toe track. Tho two year olds Harmony and V.C. were doing work. Prcetvrich was down with Rem us, Marie Louise, Qyolops, Brink-man, Mia Cara, and Mainsail; the lot was trotted to Bonie useful pace exercise, Ooffey's head man, Tracey, was exercising his string. We thought 8t Lawrence was looking the picture of health. Girofla, who it grown into a fine filly, was moving along in nioe form. Honeycomb, Rebtu, Scaramouch, Fertile*, Indian Queen, and Genoe were ail at exercise. Chifney had . lot of horses at work, of which Den mark was cantering and Lesbia strode along tor nice work. Royal Maid, who moves freely, wag treated similarly. Egbert, Mrs. Jarley, Ace, Goodwood. Equity, Edith. Incident, St. Aubyn, Chats worth, and Hazard were doing useful exercise at intervals. John Tully sent his long string for serviceable work, vis., Allander, Tissue, Hopetoun, Cecrope, E. D. (a brother to Cupola), and others of his team. Commotion took his morning's breather on the newly-formed track, and was followed at some distance by Plausible, but they only did long, Bteady exercise; Arsenal and The Trawler followed suit; whilst Opal and Kenneth were cantering. Cripps was on the Mine track with Hobart, Duration, Derision, and Yule Cake, the hurdle- horse Sensation doing some fair work. Coronet strode along for some capital exercise. Claudian, who appears to keep growing, and promises to make . fine horse with age, was cantering. Derrett sent the New Zea land horses, including Thunderbolt, on the Band; they wtre led by Liverpool, for long, medium work ; all arc looking well, and arc nicc go ere. Joe Carter was cantcring Hawthorn and toe three-year-olds liitawa and Wymeric on the cinder track, for three miles ; the trio are looking in capital trim for going through their spring preparation. R. Sevior was doing exercise with a useful-looking St. Alban's mare, East Lynne, Barney, and Snip. H. Vtcnd seat Wild rake along for some smart work, whilst the two year olds Dark Duke and Washington worked mildly, and Vcrnct was on the track exercising. A. L. Johnson bad a team of 14 exercising during the morning, and Murphy was doing nice work with Middlemarch and the stceplcchase mare Sissy. Malion had Stonebroke in company with Hemlock for a steady breather over two miles; the Cliy Pearl Eye was moving in Dice form. A. Davis cave Chloe, Buttress, Baron Neckar, the brother to Middlemarch, and the King of the Ring mare, some fine work. Anita, in company with Utopia, were going slowly, Jellett sending Perchance for long, steady work. Lord Wilton did medium work on the sand for a couple of rounds, as also his stable companion The Bishop. Mistral, who is a nice filly,_ and goes freely, was exercising, followed by Navy Blue. Hannibal and Sir Samuel were working separately, tiie steeplechaser appearing gay. Kit Nubbles strode along over three miles on the sand, improving tiie paec the last circle. Mr. J. Wilson bad his biorses out, the two year olds, Woicester, The Fobber, and The Marchioness filly, in company with Bingmaster, for some brisk pacc-work on the sand. LO.U. also moved along the last round on the same track. Off Colour was doing a long canter, as also Erie, Waiting | Maid, and First Prince. The grey mare Uioky Hit strode along alone for balf-paoe exercise. Mr. Tozer's horse Amateur was having some good pace-work on the new track. The Gratis colt ana Lottie were also doing ueful pace-work. Yergy, who was followed at a long interval by Stornaway, was treated to strong exercise on the 6and a couple of rounds. BaUiurst, Agatha, and the St Aiban'6 mare were doing good preparatory work. G. Bead was on the ground with his string. Country Boy and St. John rattling over the last round of the sand for a strong-pace gallop. The Agent went on the tan for long cantering. Jocular, Islander, Reticent, and Governor were all working, and Agita tion bowled along briskly twice round the sand. Al batross doiug fair pacc-work on the Game. The Israelite alone was treated to some strong work on the sand, followed by Hclene, who moved along from half to three parts speed the last lime round. Anarchy did som; nicc pice exercise, and the two year olds Re pose, Modaelina, and Lara finished home briakly after cantering. The stccpleraoers Bob Cooper and Robert the Devil were on the track* doing good exercise. Kewstcad was an absentee. The Derby colt is coins through a course of niedicine. There were several horses on the various tracks in the afternoon ; Granville did a long gallop over three miles on the outer track, right handed, which looks like steeplechase business at Bandwick. This was scarcely the correct thing, seeing tbat several young sters were cantering at the same time the usual way. The Pencil was doing long exercise on the cinder soing, but he only went slowly, and the New Zealand horse Oudei* cantered once round the sand-he looks like a s]>eedy gentleman. Mr. Whitty was treating his horses to some serviceable work. Read's two year olds, Ruin and Clemency, were aiso working, and Trishna canton d. Mr. \Y. Dakin had some of his two year o'ds going slowly, viz., Damocles, West Wind, Ac. Cripps had Mistake, Landsborough, The Kernel, and Annie Firroin filly cantering. TothllTs fllly Lacrosse and Fair Play were working, and a number of other horses were on the various backs. CAULFIELD, Thubsday. Tliere was some capital work gone through by several of the horses Ibis rooming, the ranker having opened the outer portion of the running jrround, which was goodgoing-, though a little heavy. The most notable gallop was done by Velocipede, wlio bowled over a mile and a half for strong exer cise. Albanns, Chandos, Lando, and ltabel Oraj were all doing brisk work; Vonderbilt was striding along in company with General Jackson on the inner track, where Master Pinetop and Postboy also worked, but the hurdle-racer putting his foot in a hole the horse rolled over, and somewhat injured his jockey. An improvement in this track is very much needed, it being the only available one during the late wet weather, and is a great deal out op. P. Kelly had several of bis horses in the ground, Free trade, Idle Boy, Clansman, and Peeping Tom were striding along at half pace, and the two-year old Defrauder was aleo exercising; Too Too. who has joined Mr. Davis's team, was sent for a couple of rounds on the running track; the last circle was got orer at a striding gallop, the mare going is capital form. Campbell treated Mozart, who looks big and well, for long work twice round ; .the colt Highland Chief, who is a smart looking one, joined him for the last six furlongs of a useful gallop. Mr. J. Leek was working the Hoyden colt, who has been named Master John; as yet heap j>cars a bit strange to his business, soacody under standing how to gallop; he was in company with Plympton, and they came along at a brisk pace the last half mile. Connolly bad a long team at work; Lady Asbton was striding along for sound exercise, as also Orlando, who looks an improved bone; Prinos [ Begent, Mossifaos, tike two year old Lord Chaaodlor. and others of the string were treated to some useful work. 2. Jones had several of his horses on the tracks; Blink Bonny was cantering, and finlriied the last half-mile, at a brisk ish gallop; the man looks in rare trim, and she polled ub all right, going with her usual brilliancy; Violet and Louise Berta were moving smartly over four furlongs. The three year mi 8ydney along with Nuncio, ran a brisk paoe over throe furlongs. Hippognff, with The Bohemian, was doing some Strang work for a mile and a half; Solo was treated to long excreiflfl; as also Melodious, Louis, Waver* ley, and others of the ftatrie. Batty was giving his horses some fair work. Douglas and Hrabe Wal ton were striding along at a nice paoe. Mr. Beid was giving Graoe uarlinga twice round the trade tor good work. The Ghost joining her for the latter portion ol the journey, about three quarters of a mile. The daughter ol The Diver went strong and well , 