MISCELLANY. ' XKo limd of the CSoMvn ; Fleece. BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA. 1— ACROSS THE PAOIPXO (From the S. iV. Herald.) Five years ago, in the . early spring time— sojourning for n whilo at Bon . Francisco, a friend drovo 1110 in his spider-waggon, ono onoiinnting, sunny morning, through the leafy glades of tho Golden Goto Park, and so to nn liotol on the soaslioro over against the famous Seal Rock. I mind tho trip well, for "mors than ono reason, lunching, nt tho hotel I found my dear old friend Edward Askow Sotlicrn, who, as Lord Dundreary had been playing to crowded Houses nt San Francisco during tho week, but who bad boon for a long timo ill deplorably bad health. Ho looked, that Bpring morning nt Cliff House, ns one unmis takably marked for dentil. All who ran might rend " Thnnntos" imprinted with ' ghaBty distinctness 011 his forehead. Ho was so pitinbly weak and ill that ho was compelled to forego partaking of a little entertainment which ho had planned for that nftarnoon, and to lio idownon a couch until it was time for him to return to El Dorado nud play Tom- Fool — and how inimitably did bo play it ! — for tho firo or six thousandth time as tho . Eccentric whom ho had taught millions of Amoricans, and oven 'Englishmen, to regard ns tho lifo-liko 'typo of. nmombor of tho British aristoo- imoy. X' wniB only to gazo upon his handsome face and listen to his kindly voice onco more on this side tho grave. A few months after our meeting 011 the shore lidrd by the Golden Gate, I just bad time to slmko bib hand and inter change half-a-dozen words with him in a privnto box nt tho Princess's Thontro London. A very fow dnys afterwards I heard that poor Sofhorn was dead. ... But thero is nnothor reason why that trip to tho Cliff Ilouso and tho Seal Rocks continues to dwell in my memory. 'Twos when the waggon turned a sharp angle of tho ronil, shortly hoforo wo arrived at our destination, that mino eyes first caught sight of tho Pacific. Yes ; tho Pacific Ocean, a broad band of ultramarine, gleaming at tho end of a vista of graceful folingo. I havo heard of travellers who havo expressed, them selves as disappointed with tho Atlantic, ' and who have even failed to be impressed by tho first sight of tho Falls of Niagara j and it is related of John Ketnblo, . tbo tragedian that visiting Olmmounix vory Into in life, ha made no secret of his opinion that Mount Blanc was a much overrated mountain. I own, mysolf, that I liavo razed, without emotion oh..."tho .Guadnlqnivor,. and that I never: thought much of tho ' Man- canares. ' But tho first rapid' glimpso of tho Pacific filled mo with almost un- mingled delight. . It was worth wliilo— -well worth while— to havo como so many thousands of miles to holiold tlmt sea; to have boon jolted in tho train day after day from Chicago, from Omaha to Ogden, from ' Og'ilen to Sacramento City; to hayo. traversed Wearyfoot Common otherwiso tho Rocky mountains ; to linvo run tho gauntlet of tho snowsiiods and Webber's Cnnon and tho Dovil's Slido ; to havo thrcadod tint gorgoa of tlto Sierras Nevadas ; and entering at last on the joyous descent of the Pacifio Slope ; to havo passed through what appeared to you as an earthly Eden after all the snowy deserts which you had painfully plodded over. And nt Inst you had reached tho long-yenrncd-for Pacific. I said that my delight in reaching a bourne so anxiously awaited was almost nnminglcd. . But tlicro was just -ono little drop of bitter in my cup of joy. X stood for a long t-imo nlono in tho verandah of tho lintel, satiating my vision with tho now-unimpeded view of tho blue ocean. Over against mo, within pistol- shot, was tho group of rocks up which tho brown-furred, blnckoyod, goodnaturod looking souls woro clambering, or lying basking in tho sun by. tho score, and by tlio hundred. Anon they would descend and diva into tho briny brenkors, bont, I suppose, on a briof fishing excursion. Now and again thoro would bo a tumnltunry splashing in tho water, and nn ominous popping-up from tho surface of ono bullot-hond after another — bullet-heads displaying teeth likewise — as' though seal had follon out with seal, and thoro was a fight in progress on somo disputed qnostion of piscntorinl proporty. All this whilo the croaturos, which were clnmboring or skylarking on thocrngs, or scattering tho foam from their fur coats, censed not to bark furiously. Tho rosidonts of tho western extremity of tho Marino Pnrndo nt Brighton used bitterly to complain of tlio, nocturnal uproar raised by tho scn- lions nt tho Aquarium. I wonder what those delicately, norvod people would lmvo thought of tlio inoesssnt bow-wowing of tlio furry denizens of tho Seal Rooks ? Surely tlio narrow waterway botweon tho crags and tho cliffs ought to ho called " Barking Crook !" ' Bite X looked far abend — far, for htvny beyond tlio wnsto «f bluo. ' I looked to tho horizon. Ovor there was China ; over thoro was Japan ; over there was Australia. For how many years had X been longing to look at life in tho Southern Hemisphere ? In tho Bay of San Francisco there was n plonitudo of stout ships, whioh, in Iobs than a month, would bcsr'me to Hongkong, to Yoko hama, or to Sydnoy. And why not re turn to England by tho way of India?. It was not to bo tills time. I had been globd-trotting. for many years ; but the pardonable ambition to be a circum navigator was not yot to bo gratified. Besides, I had left responsibilities bc- :hiud..me. I had given hostages to Fortune" in tlio United States. Iliad como straight to 'Frisco, leaving Utah unWsited. I was morally hound, on my return. eastward, to turn asido nt Ogdon, branch off at Salt Lake City and havo a poep at what was going on down among tlio Mormons. There was, besides, a matter of two ' portmanteaus and a bonnet-box left in tho baggago-room of tlio Grand Pacifio ' Hotel at Chicago ; and tho remombranco of theso impedi menta lay heavy on my soul. And my mind" was fnrtbor troubled by the ro- monibranco that thoro was a liox full of books waiting for mo nt New York. I must go hack by tho way which I had conic : Tho Union and Central Pacific, the Chicago and North-Westera, nnd Eri railways, nnd so, by a Canard steam ship, to England. Fivb years are a largo elico out of the lifo of an elderly wanderer ; yet timo and tho hour woro out, somehow, the roughest of tho days and months bo tweon Christmas sovonty-nine and Christians eighty-four. Onco more I left London nt tlio beginning of "tho festivo season." Onoo more I went to sen in a storm, traversed tho snowy and ice-bound Eastern Stntes to find straw berries, green ' pons, oranges; nnd jnponiens growing in tlio open in Cali fornia. Onco more a friond had driven mo down from tlio Palace Hotel through tho Goldon Goto Park to tho Cliff House and the Pacifio bench ; and onco more X watohod tho 'gambadoes' and listened to tlio barking of tho niorry brown scoIb on tho group of rocks. Bat it has not boon wistfully, nor with tho sickness of heart of hopo deferred, that I havo gazed, this timo, upon tho lingo azure oxpnuso and scanned the horizon. My hnggago is nt ftlie wharf, and my bnrk is in the bny. This is Saturday, nnd on Monday the steamer in which I hnvo taken passage — tho good ship Australia, Captain Guest command ing — Btarts for Honolulu and Sydnoy, New South Wales. But I must now writo in tho past tense. Many moons, of observation, adventure, nnd o'xporienco hnvo passed, nnd I havo boon slowly, sedulously, nnd laboriously endeavouring to learn some thing ot a countiy vast, nnd now, nnd strange to mo. But ero I enter 011 tlio nnrrutivo of what X hnvo scon, and lienrd and thought in tho Land of tho Golden Flecco — in tho Austra'nsinn Colonies — some briof spneo may bo allowed to 1110 wherein to toll how 1 camo hither, and what manner of things nnd people, nnd .what vicissitudes of climate, and tho ways of tho mighty deep I mot with on iny way. Especially may I dwell perhaps, an the last night of my Btny in the be-, loved city of San Francisco. Aye, be loved! . You know, what the Romans say of tlio Fountain of Trovi. Tho; stranger, thoy over, who has onco drunk of tho Trovi waters is bound to return' ngnin and again to. the. Eternal City; and indeed, oven as X am penning theso lines, in a kind of bird-cage, opening to-vorandnh looking out on tho bluo Fitzroy Rivor and sultry Rockbnmptou, in Queensland — wo are not far from tho Tropics, nnd one of tho leading local journals is called tho Cnpricornian—I nm thinking of what a very nico thing it will ho if I nm spnrod to hid farewell to Australasia at tho boightof her suinmor noxt CliriBtmnB, and travelling home wards by a P. nnd_ 0. touching at Brindisi, or nn Oriont touching at Naples, to find mysolf in tho early springtime nt Itorno, and within touch of tho Fountain of Trovi. Thoro are ho fnnntnins in 'Frisco that I. am nwnre of : hntyou always profacoyour breakfast — such a breakfast— at tho Palaca Motel, Jlnrket-strcct, by quaffing a tumblorful of.iccd.wntor, .and dovouring.n couplo of oranges, to put you in .proper trim for tho fried oysters, tho tom- cod, tho tender-lion steaks, tho scrambled ogg's, tho stuffed tomntoos, tho fishballs, tho buckwheat cakes, and tho strnwberrios and cronm : which are to follow. Pio Nono onco told Kaiser Wilhelm that all Christians belonged, somehow or another, to tho Popo. Tlio Imperial Hohonzollcrn was unable to recognise tlio cogency of tho assertion ; still X am fatalist enough to think that when a traveller has onco drunk his glass oficcd wator and sucked his oranges in tho breakfast-room of tho Palace Hotel, lie is niiconcionsly subjected to an obliga tion to cross tlio Rockies nnd the Sierras Novadas again and ngain ; to " do tlio block " in Kearney-street nnd lie fosei- nntcd by the beauty of the ladies engnged in nftornoon shopping in tlint fashionable thoroughfare ; to ho amazed nt the architectural maguilicotico of tlio Cnli- fornian millionaire's red-wood palaces on " Nob Hill and whilo, admiring the celerity, efficiency, nnd cheapness of the cablo-tram street care, to do his best to avoid being ran over by tlioso swift and silent hut somowhnt perilous nrks. To bo plain, San Francisco is ono of the plcnsantost cities in tho wholo world ; nnd you experience the liveliest senso of grati fication in "belonging" for tho timo to Mr. Sharon, tho manager of tlio I'liinco, nnd to Mr. George II. Smith, the court eous, indefatigable and ubiquitous cliiof clerk of that colossal establishment. There had been fearful snows in tho Eastern States. Winter lind put on its ghastliest guiso in Cincinnati ; nnd the streets of Chicago had been so many nvonucs of avalanches. Snow on tho summits of the Rockies and snowdrifts in the canons and gullies, nnd tho English mail bound for Australia, via New York and 'Frisco was two days Into. Captain Ghest was staying nt the Pnlnco ; nnd at least six times a day did wo who lind taken our passages to Sydnoy interrogate tho countonntico of that intrepid commander, as though it lind been .a barometer. Wo were ashamed to ask him, orally, too often as to tho prooiso timo that ha thought tho Royal mail steamer Australin would really start on her voyage to Sydnoy, for master mari- nore havo much to put up with, both on sea and on land, from passcngors ; nnd I havo known captains wbo.knd quick tempore, nnd who could givo upon oc- onssion abort answers. How stinging was tho rohukd administered by the Into Coinmodoro Jmlkins, of the Cunurdscr- vico, to tlio lady passongor who, when tlio ship was off tlio Banks of Newfound land, asked him if it were always foggy thoro. ' " "Do you think I livo here, mnm?" quoth stern Commodore Judkins. From Captain Ghost, who was quito a model of nautical poiitoucss wo did not expect curt roplies of tlio snub- direct order ; but in courtesy wo spnrcd him tho infliction of perpetual queries amounting to " When do yon really think tho Australin will soil, Captain ?" But twenty-four hours after twenty-four hours passed by ; and tho Australia mndo no sign of sailing. A rumor ran that tho Captain had been scon to shako his bend ill a Tory desponding manner about luncheon time, and straightway was it bruited about that tlio mailtrnin had como to grief somewhere near Cliey- enno. Then sovcral snowslicds in the Sierras had, it was vehemently asserted been burned down ; and then tho confi dent statement got abroad that the mail was hopolossly snowed up twenty miles west of Odgen. But towards dinner timo it was noised far and wide — in tlio world of tho Pnlaco Hotel — Hint Captain Gliest had boon seen to smilo in a wag gish manner, nnd to interchange jokes with Mr. Gcorgo H. Smith in tho clerk's office. Then hope revived ; ami valises, which in gloomy uncertainty had been half unpacked, were joyfully refilled, and strapped, and corded. Cm Sunday wo learned that tlio ovcrduo mail-train from England was coming along brave ly, and that tbo Australia would posi tively sail on tho ensuing Monday nt 2 p.m. I shall hot readily forgot my lost night in Sail Francisco. I had " rested " there somo nine dnys, if it co'nld bo cnllcd resting to. hnvo dined out five- times, lnnchod out seven times and at tended 'V wc'ddiiig, two evening re ceptions and suppers, and three five o'clock teas; But this' Sundny night was to bo tlio last ono ore I embarked, and I had n doable engagement to fulfil. I. lind an appointment with nn officer of polico nt II p.m., to explore the penetralia of China Town, nnd at II I was to attend a " siniill- nrid-eariy " nt the Pulnuo Hotel itself. Under ordinary eircuiiiBtiinces I might not have felt any violent inclination to revisit China Town. John Chinhmnit's. picturcsqueness is apt to become, after a time, monotonous' and tlion I to satiate, nnd nt length to revolt. Tako lliin nt his .host, niul with the most favourable' surroundings, tlio Celestial somehow leaves, an unplcnsnnt taste ill your mouth. : TheRoniaii epigrammatist who didn't like Znjbidiis, and the Oxford undorgrndiinfc; who didn't like Doctor Foil; might bo unnnimous in tlio expres sion of' their disliko for the Heatlicrn Ohiiicso, yot; hs incnjinhlo of giving a dofraitb. reason for their aversion. It waB the Chincso Now Year ; and when wo plunged into tho congeries of narrow streets where the Yellow Men most do congregate we found tiiis strange excerpt, from tho Flowery Land, this nssemblaga of ton trays, chow-chow cabinots, chop sticks, pigtails, and shoes with paper soles so oddly washed up nn the Pacifio coast, generally nnd jubilantly en fete. Li Hang Chung was having a " high old timo" of it. Qunng CI100 Loo was entertaining all his wife's relations ; and -Go Bang Worn was giving a banquet in honour of his ancestors under the Ming dynasty. Tho enves and hulks of the stores wore thickly hung with paper lanterns of divers colours ; nnd on every sido was audible the fizzing nnd bursting of crackers. Tho police torco usually on duty iti the Chincso quarter had bccti largely- augmented in view of tho festivi ties of tho Now Yonr (Fob. 15), not through any apprehension of the Celes tials foiling ont among themselves — for as a rulo, thoy are pcaccablo folk enough— but in order to guard against tlio contingency of tlio white "hoodlums" or roughs coming down in force from the American qunrler of tlio city, nnd " going for" tlio Mongols. To stone, bullet,- spit upon, nnd kick, John China man, to lianl him hither nnd thither by tho pigtail, and roll liiin in the gutter, so a9 to atnirk and spoil bis nice, clean, New Year's clothes, arc recreations dear to the hoodlum heart. Fortunately, on this occasion the " hoodlums " did :iiot muster very ntrongly in China Town:; while, 011 the other hand, there was quite a largo gathering of .reepect- ably-dresscil ladies and gentlemen mingled with the crowd of Orientals, and tranquilly amusing themselves Iw watch ing tlio bizarre panorama which was, being unrolled. All the Jendiiig imor-i chants nud storekeepers were keeping ojien linnse or open shop in honour of tlio New Year ; nnd in crery store wliichj we entered the proprietor welcomed tus with gravely punctilious -pbEteness, pressing npon ns enkos, oningei,' oweBCj meats, together with cigars, chaijipagne, and some lukewarm nlcoholic.preparntion served in dainty little. jiarcelala tcups, of which beverage the flavour cltwdlytfo- sombled that of very had whiskey— (he well-known " silent spirit " or-f' -cocked hat" blend which had been stirred mp with a tallow candle and clarified writli an ancient egg. But we should not!lorik the gift horse in the mouth. Itidid mot matter much where that viliinnoUBly nasty alcoholic Btiumlant en me, item 1. II scnrcoly think, cither, that the' chnm- pngnc waa in any way affiliated' do ilie vintages of Epernay, or that the .cigars had had their birth in the island of Cuba, or CTen in Ercmen or Mainhurg. Those weeds were more probably " domestic"' manufactured in California byihejinnds of Cliineso artisans. Still' the wine fizzed and sparkled and wnsjyiotahle, and tho cigars were smokable,; and tall was oflcrod with graceful hospitality rtind in good foitli. If nil the Celestials an China Town resembled tlio nlcrchanis and manufacturers there wuuldjbe noticed to recall the unreasoning ill nature bfttlie epigrams on Znbidus and Debtor !Fdll. Unfortunately, tlio mass of Bio inhabi tants of the Chinese quartovare the nastiest of nasty creatures. \ ittle -went to tho largest of the two laieithcotfo-i. The house was crambed almost So suffocation by a hilarious nnfi -strongly mnlodorous audience. So dfuiriyiudeeci was tho playhouse .pneked, and .80 '.very powerful was the perfume emitted ,liy She audience, tlint the obliging! 'manager insisted tlmt we should witnossiiho tper- formnncc from the stage iteilf, -Whore stools, cigarettes and ten wen,: Ihrnnght for onr accommodation and rarcshmottt. It needed bnt to strew the stage iwltli rushes to imagine that tho Elizabethan ngo of the drama had cuine ogjiin onSlie shore of the Pacific. What the qilqy itself was about of coarse I yonld mot toll, nor did it matter one cent -what was its scope or purport. PnsBihly lit was a portion of tlio self-Bameldrnma .at which I had been a spectator When II -won last ill 'Frisco, in March, 188Q,aiid.wliich lind been going on without a; tuluti.m: of continuity erer since. It Was nnucb more interesting to enter the ilrossing- rooms and watch the actors bedizening themselves nnd "making up" thfcr.facos. In the property room, too, I eaw\ainrge number of appallingly liidenns iunsks 3 while in the wardrobe I was 1 shown shelves piled with dresses really. extra ordinary in the splendour of their fabric nnd ornamentation. The (Chinese theatres of San Francisco, nt wliicli per formances take place twice a day, Sun days not excepted, are, thy loll itne, always full. Surely Hi Qunng, nriHow Long, or \rew Bit must lie very pros perous managers indeed. Emm the theatre we went to a very grand -enter tainment indeed, the cookery being.ex- clusivclv Chinese, nnd the use .if-chop-; sticks in preference to knives nnd .Torks lie ni/iienr. We did not partnkO'Ofthe banquet, which was laid 'oat in muiin-; Unity of little round sariccrs. What tliey contained — pickled eels' I. .it .nil rr; ilttule, or ealnii of frogs' gililcie.ibird'-; nest soap, dried docks, beche 9e-mer„', snips, or .snails, or puppy dogs' toils, J know not. The banqueting table -.was; very prettily decorated -.with .i.rtificiiil flowers cut out of colored paper:; nnd, ns n preliminary to the Jeast, there :was| a vocal and instrumental concert, given I by a liody of Chinese inaidouR,'Xiiiigiag,| to all appearance, lietweeu I J and 37 years of age, and who were clad iiilluosei camquinc and wide trousers nf iriiilij materials, sumptuously brocaded. None of the damsels were "Goldon iLiliies"; or small-footed. Their -complexions wore ivory lined, their eyes illninndl shaped and sable ns slues, tbeir lluiir very black and lustrous, and very well j dressed. They wore a profniion of; jewellery, and their eyebrows mntl 'lips; woro manifestly painted. They -.worililj really have been pretty .hut for the; sickly, dejected, down- trodden, almost' imbecile ploying about "their raddled j lips — the simper of the slave coutinutilly; deprecating the always imminent ibatn-; boo. Thoy were, indeed, professional; glee-maidens, the apprentices, and -.while! their apprenticeship lasts, the -lucre; slaves and, chattels of their muster — -fl fat, tall Chinaman, with a focc like .nil- ovor-ripo vegetable marrow. The sing-, ing was the usunl Chinese whine, (rising! now and again to a screech, .an tilula-j tion 110 doubt delightful to Orieutiill ears, but to the Occidental tympanttni| distressingly dissonnnt. We left ithisj scene of revelry to pny n visit -to n .Joss- houso. Tiie temple was siluulcll hip; three pair ot stairs, kept scrupulously j clean and carefully oilclothcd; hut the stairs were rather inconveniently crowded; by pilgrims to the Joss ; nnd .-mining; tfiis closelv-packed throng there scented ; to ho fully as many Americans as there' were Chinamen. The Joss-lmnse jtselfl wns an octagonal apartment, wiitli ;a( high altar covered with painted .mats,, and behind it a kind of teredos -of wood,; elaborately carved, gilt in soineiplacos,; and in others daubed with garish .hues,; On the altar itself was a .heterogeneous assemblage of lacquer truys, porcelain vases full of cat-paper flowers, bronze end ivorv ornaments, tablc-iiiipkiiishiud up with parti-colored ribbons, pastry, confectionery, dried fish, .nuts, oranges, and little saucers full of what apjieareo to he respectable saffron .and .indigo. Tlteso last, together with a number of gaudy little paper purses which looked suspicintiily Hike ((llifstinire ormdia.tr,. were, I (apprehend, uiff.rfiigsittnrile'.rumi. That v.'liidlmtriidkiiiie.tH-iiBis.iiiqtsU'migO' (in -this (temple wvos ttlmt ttlorte wwsnntt the slightest .Unvnfiinidl .(\\-qrT\<sitmi am dlie,ciiiiut>:iiniii»S(nfttliC(immlloffGliihic- (tiien uVlioipDssell Holme tihettlUnt. TOlow igazcU .on ttlic .lliqilliw wiith tlio; aumdl :listl"ss-siii|pg, mull mffrriinsll mitt Burnt .cracking Ilrmgiiill jjilkss ttoarraHintlierviin their- own iinscTUinlllcllhigii. Bisriliqjautt iismut iin meemilnusc iviitn Gllihrewe otli- ijnettctto Hie lTdligiuus iin id Jinsillmiiw when lFnuijiiis .urc prrasemt. Borilnps tthe :reiilly lilnvoitt (Cliiiimutm mserrew Ibis igcnttfiectiiius .-null liiis Qrusthniiins- ifor.nrtime wtlieu Ike ami! lire .rllwwwwtii litis -Joss- imyntsrinue nws. Jlillm lOliiiiRiiinnirilmiys nunitulls nucaffmoatj, ifrom aimitriigtidfo ||mitt» off viem. Yom iinaylhitiqili ml tCrtitinlUiii), Hntt diinlk Ike ttoosurottliiitlheiis umtlhudliiiignttyvim. -Iloiin tOliiiiiiiunq, II iTiimiy.Iliiintvsaigrt-ag ileal iiiiitrculhmiUvnu ttlinn wmidlooilautt iliim. WilieniwcIliflttlltB JugssHnmscwm Ibegnn tto -riiiik llnroir aittU Hnrorr iinttla- aociril.'Scdlertiiill mnttiiveU rttlllmttttimeg wrnyllowiiiilleell. Jklllmili 'itrms Now. Ye-irls Siigllt luntl id lliigdi llrjlltlhjy;, ttln- (Oliinese qmrailmlliOTS wans-' dliiiiig » miariRgttratle. "TWUiysthtulUlSninn tCrielli: llmve tboen iiitimeuteU iiu liiutiiiesssialittiiit- ifcstivciscasnn?? ti>ini|lly ffnr ttlicnsasoni tthat most .nt ttlie Sluhmmnu wUa> were Iiiotiat tthe illlru;, nir ttlie .IWsdiom»:-oiv -.wbowrerc mot (nnitlkiitg OQiiumarrilleuIL ilruiikeiuwitli ttlmt .dni-.iwgTcgmnlilliig;, .nnd rthnj, 01s id (Illiiliuniull wiliuli liar iE gambling wtlll .suil'.c mill ctil I iv lljis irioncyi' do ttlie jlast icent Untt ttlie wvnttli aiflliis wearing iqjumrdl mud lliis miiiuttwttnep- -sonul IbClui'igingii. St mill null jy iTillIiwo- timtctlicqiawillrullnrriieiavienvoiiuroiiientt .-accessonytto ttlie gginitngttlillfo. Ifoontr lUiicli'inli.iUvimlluiimii iin ttiit- lluriitCimsi iliiiiiiitMiTiMmite PJiiilii/' VMlumMhillimie lla Blritieesse fixutiriiillninifft litis- U«m lhniiiig llieovily llw ilnulliiiig zenrj, Haw silo; mot llieon lknimn atvnr mull awrrr again;, ,en flaiii ftrjjint, tto sHjp fiunn llmr fiii'rr iitrms ilier.Unr/.iling.iiiminiiiU llmuollrtb;, ttr> jittsb ifnmi llurr mmv BanHliUew tllei'tr (glcntiiingqieiiUmit«,aiTill Ihyttltclltmiiif off '.\VMti:l!iul:-s,.-r1vitiir,v;liittiirgiittfcrt'nq:gier-- gnwsttDtthsqmwiilmllitifs.'' iPiieworCiii, -niter si llyismnleuiliig.-nwil HgtiuiS', ujsmiui- rfiinea ttdke iff tto Ure. Bliinimitiv ihiffuv .tlistanlllnnUsdliBsmiffvaiqi'llnltfapmnclli sis wvcttliiiik, mr araitenU tU> cttihth;, ttlaffiff ivnriesdrum.il uraimi ttqpes ;; mull Ueiiwoeni ttiiis\v.ilhiiiiuus|pnviii-hiiipiiiiiitl«.'(Ellinese; cslnniiuFTEtiseipaiiill fflte ellggnittostbib- Ilislimoiitinf Aline ttjiullc att JXhrmcopurr .of Mine (Umilciin ILniiUmb atr MfoTantte iiuIRatis, irtlin sllnill snwr ttlnirj-' iisnottai ariose Ibiiriil .iff iruiinnT? XErm p ttlem' fc irecilly miudli Uiratltnihiiall mming; nmm- IkiulbidUhnrqjhqsiilnus tHunensmnuurlh ilurger.-ororiuiitsir firutnuitj' iiu vi'uar rtluni .in, virtue. AslT'.irrtiie(fldl!Mtiiil'"spautt" ;ut'lKriscq,tthccilljj.atts pllxljgxll wonEoarv- daiiijyiiimtEmriuudluillli'lTirrttlCffmiBu.'di- Haneonsclmrnclgrdlnniflrirttloiirihttiiisib: -viilue. JXffuiviruaM'iutvjHvOTS — gossihliy '"oiial)llleil"'iirr>Hti)hiufIumittlojirurijgiiaH "31elltrau'"(nmim, ffnr ttlurffliiimmmi), us, u cruie, lis null in sliimdilgr auiinnll— slioeij, wiith unnigr suitor;, Hitnumiriiniuedl llmt-3, miiiliv.illiif;, HmnUIgs off weaning ;tij|iiin)l, ffuag, uryiugjauis, Ilmiilliells;, suilillesiuiiil llcriili'Sc, limttrniE,, Clmliepm iljNin'uiiu.cimk.mul! .u mnw'cai! Ho;::. Ai'iii! itlieail-.-llgiiigivoiitiniwU imimlj)-lhtlc iirrln ctlieiiiiglit ceosm;, ffnr "'ffmUuii'"tvsEatt its ilieiglff, mull ggnrllilit ueaoedi nottihi its ffadtnussmtiU iffs iilirv- iKruinttlie umnndloQi Ho am '"opiuin> ijiiiut": — .a lkiull off suQanlliu ttnxim|, am .iqiimiirsmilkim!' ;liilll|," wilier,' fiir' 01 (|criltry ifee ttlie slliivj; On nmunltto onjjiys- iiiieiitiisiirriv.ilegellttiia.-iitwtina'iti uentrfm Suuiilitv.nT rflic ilirug mull tto oaoapw » ulikuirmpiiidiimuiT.TillimlkauUllliijclhiH- sleiit, nil tthecftautsaff life dhllauulli. St .wiis:imiillicit'"jjn"ntt;" off amima;, .piiui' jxiuiniry ttortlieUmvp Hint war saw manrr (more iillegdl u|Sfi!iuiiies ttlrrtt nigiltt off (llmviiiy ffeativit>- g mntl gtmrsnir wow dim rilililliuti iiff tihelliw, stlatearr millliuiuall, ctliegcatwiwriB dlienlhuri'tiyaif dim lmw- ibreiikersdoinHiiiff dlie uffinorr off police:. ltiw«s;risttiirituihdlmvwwrcsnyiiig;":ilaliis' iiismsiweiieilllvmtg, gas tl® ad outr wuyr .ivnrtit.iiuillrtlienjjtillgecetnillilljyftinyoiiru -selves wihutlmr wnu wlliUusllitluodl lhwu- nniikors mrc mumlHv tvirry miurlli Uedlar ithnn wvc yvillluwCliiiuiell llmvfirtetlltars mrc:" liiirumieuff dlrewiiljMlaffttlo.>ill)nw wiiicii wve wi-iU»ill urn cElmt nigjlttaff ff-uur— inguinllivuvOkvs— unllhisUomKittlioollkre;. (tier llsilntv dier off iiiitimjy mtill sqiuilbr dun lilrendfttj, Hon sllraiiutfiir amll tbo, siiikeiiiiigtto.-UrsnrrllrB — tour amuimg rvaw -cviUuiitlyiuxpiadell. HlliiralllcaroffpnKes' mnsiUreaile'tt, mull gietlripw Illltteil. stSIll llw -.was (U |HiFSfimige do the cmiuilihtteH anrfi qrrq|iitiuteii. 'Ullmq, .nviiuv illinrr off am .c.Nci-.ptiiimlilyilllgpiilllmiuo.wnwiiii.'tiumuu ; 1 ii ly ' 1 1 1 pe 1 i e ill i 1 1 Y'r( p 1 n is-J tt v . li i u.' si i igi ttv-p dujiffrniiMitir .vmillicrtutis IlnuuJilfciq. andl iia isnnie off rtirc suilirmHtbnsiiiraiiw,, ihi .veliieli (tin' iimssiiges wT-mritniwialliy ci'tii-i;",. uiriisuuiq, iiiiiU Uultllum;. amll dim c.-ii1— stniitiy iTeuliering .-otriisq, mmmuiilw itidkattyaiiillmdten, dim llcmsunm llimp> :lliic.'(l oitiiutuavrllsoin dim illliliy fllwir;. iwotilll lire stqiiilhmieitteH llw Ckfil sitidiw,. Iliiilllilig.miiiiiili ,irt).iv(„ifTLniiilli,,'.llL-iiliiiir wvliiiili dim ..'.'pietieii'ieri aljgtmiill W.ml.ll liilotiusithuituihiltKlhe.nw,, fmrffli .iieiw .oTiiilleimanteiidhes.imll liiillyniw .lliiiius.. UllicffaeBSitlmt Hsunvdlnff niirild — fiiiicw (iiinrcitihniiiimlllleiitidhiiirdlsdinfimi and! .Uqiiravntiiinffrimittlm itiicmnll mipectt off Ihunmiiitv:: ffneesiriliiilhiiiidloirrdieiimiii- uiciil'gruk'Kqiieii'jssmiillitlieirpailiillliiirmir liiuiic ipiih'ullill 'hiillily lib1' willlKvti elffirtts , of dim gntiliic iiinngimtfiriu off .niiepiiei iGiillul 0111H IBvuttiiliill iHlDiffig, amll ttiu ,+ipimiinil lEtuniiiseo ®nvw— ttlrism (uces; llimuitiine. iliuw. :11s IT.'iuii wriititig iiu die- omnsliiiicintilloiiimigrdlte wiWiH gtuencry-' off mlbenutifiil lliinfi. Jimfl ttliay worn- dim ffricesiimt.iiillv off mieq, lind off womiimu. 'The glios tuff tiliTrtibwluwTe.erf'oiii'qiitt in (UliiinUiiwu, H&ttt; ffrrniaiwrr), D ann- trivcil, Ibuw.'.vf.e;, dnllinTm dim Bbdl Siraip rfur lliiiiililiglfunuvlllttuonrr aaitdimwamll cutirli.Muis i.-ieerutii;. tllirulft'ie-ir off pnlice;. wiilioiwntllllttilkemn fijor llmr rumrirll ffur lliisqmins, II lliall tto Ilauttuti llmdi'. Uu db- H'liiacc Hiltdl ainll :"rriw rnmulff iin dim -wnr-;pniitt.fff(i:iMili«iitioi|.dlmi iis tin say.;. o>.VQiiiiigifliBSH„ffiirain 0 llnw j|iuv:inisly suiil II wnis ttollie.u gnusd iiti uum off dim, snitnx of ramus of the hotel, ntra-"4<iiKill and! early;!'' nrgnnised on .a -vwito iaonimcnsuratc with tin:. Ban iFrancUmtn! iiliras orsmnilness and- eaTlmess.: anttliat ! wficoi II wenr, very f ateinrleetl rtoibvtlimy .IWmms worm fortunately mot .of ttlie Miintmliau,. but of -.the (Coirari no riaee — dii-yweri-(irnamHnf.benTileil(be;inx.aiilI Heamtionslhdies.ih rniifout ttnileUe?, off dioi giitaming- of diamonds mod ttlm CTriiiigT fames- off (Cabanas -"rregiilfos iinperial'B"'ar 73 mmta apiece — -dreams iifioliomjingnc' wlifeii : really .ainre (front Eperaiwp and! cost Jour, diillovsm 1 buttle, mifiipradinpsmmc-trarwfmrtwihi.ms.nTrO pcaiiiinr <Giliturnmnj)imch,\wlii.Jh, Haim uifriRiiedj. uoiitufos fifft iingletli-rlits, aamprin"ng;.Ris-eoneoctiwsiprDiiUIylliimij, not one' single drop.of wtttet- OmdiumorTmronelliniLmndhragaiiMt dim grain;, to. iird': iforewtlll do tKrievo. .liwdbn;. we nil be!iave,:is:o;imTi! irixill tto ttawoii- Si)- fir iiti ilirird tto gptt tin IE! lilbrmlb';: bdtitrs .much ilinrll-r, uuouiljy. tii. get away agafnp -aimply 1 been rise ttlie oiiy- nsso UiaiutiffdjidlicipimpIesio Ihifliii- tutil'wan.l: snliiin!,.ani! i:fe.mgmi-ni! ssn diiiroudily onjiwnUlei. 'niliereiie,q«Tlop5, mlitrim tbo- iihntal: -empiqynietrt .iff ttlie norolivT iiu die. .ndjiistmeiit , of ipilHtivdl andljiinnuirHticdilfictiltiegbutiitwnisinat niylncli; ttu cplnrrclwitli. nircbotly. (luring my brief: ami! linppy stay (among due Amuinr,.aiidno.ilecetidimt.nfJ&Unimll; Jlmoni offered' to jrut dire ccordimta .off ID akidioatier Into me. jkt j! ;pim. ,rm 3&ndiw;"dim Pacific Eteom SiaVigntiim Giampnny's alifp Auratralia nteametlarrny trumidim wlinrf: dhwndheibaebmrrdoitlie Gbl'dhm (Sutig.and!! wnaibnqjinqpedkrng my lieluugings in- -tiie i bonds onu.dy rTrrr- nikiiedl ami! roomy dedk-eaUin, liltilibeU dle"Uriil'nll ciianiber;" wiiicii rtlm .-ngerrl off din iaimpany had ;pnlffdly plavell .rat my dibpiinnli- Iff tlie:iiri(bil,i.'lmnlh..-r|li.-ill » d'rawtindL-itliyjierlinjisimitheieirciini- stisaem tfiac -die- bridal bed wras nibnitt ttiiT-e sices too Itirged'or an inmul,' wtlm warn timijtamreljy ;e ihnelidlor. Uiiiiif, liunicr clic excKi-dingly iruug'h iwetillier ivllibih was my freriuoitt (fate rto lenilnte om our passage;. X was ifriin tto raviiiH lieiiig: fiuug out af ,mr ttoo .qpadiims nnptSiill oouuli;. by packing, jjaming. nrnU B!urdauymym!fiap>sk<tft'm-.witl!lbngsmnU bamUus-,.wUiulir.os .weinenvetiitliettriiiiia-, pnovedl snniowliotiembatniiiiiingraeecsiior- iesrttiidiosmbed! .cinthes -.nitli wvliidh, iin dim tropica tiiemselvea, .one wvoitltl wRlihglj. iin itlie iitttolertil) raillty nigfiliipiiarmdiapenaetl wvffli atltegetber. II mm Hiiund! to admit ttlmt tthe itiiHUgn ffiiy did! not behave very '.well;tOil.-rail,rr HcrcitiaeaB iind bilidcn ,n« -so .cordbi! ra ffirc we! 1 ! atcli ecu nip any 's, W i mrf . H nil cell, sfimsent: e&er; oh a-ninst uibominaiHesmu fog;, wUroliifiratillncreil rand ttlum wtlnllly eelipsed! dim gihries ,nf ra imswiiifieettt snnsotip andi wiien: itliis .detettiflle Umi- raous-niiaccleared.awayyjiwt IbQftrre ttlie goigenuH- hilt allt.io Ibtief rafretglmr mas mwcaedhdl by blackest-night — miglitdlmt Jesondiq- an jc .were, ras Huiitly raid! rorncaily aaidim- curtainirititbcjpfoyhoiue, raili'ngt die- manycnlattred .-spbmHnnvs.iff oam off- Jfe TSffiUihm lBeverly'-s ttmns- ihrmatfam seen en — ive Iliad tthe umrtii- aatS'oni to- seetlie Aiurtraiio. ; passed, .null poasedl qpielcli' goqp iiy :an .uulluciliur stistmor called pcliu jXlblllieUa, wtliidh llrall lkic (tail ITratieiiiuii .ur.'itrastranlliimrraflor ourdbpamicrn. f.iiud-liad rtiie.advmitpgc nffamoffirr off B-pnssoge .nn I U/imi ttlm Jiliimedk;. wlifch -was iboimil tto ttlm .Tmidiviclii Xsliinds:p rand liiuii S lliall eijittorren luiur-s' . leisure -iiutiie .nipilii! off dimreatmioff JEinglKainkaaalliiiitgiit, perfinpm,.Uave (transact eil-snmeiprofitaille Unmiiess yUcrephnt llnvas illletlgeilrti'ttlie fiuativilia- aud Cbiptaiu (Guest, innH you aire Bound! (B rliiiilc, randcr .iili (ckcnm- mmiccir .-Cw Btadr-ro y.inr -sliip rand yj'iur sfiippec- aup.wltliraiagnatiim'ius iiiulif- tnrenuepwe' antfered dlie saucy Atlumvtfo on passi as,, cnusuling uiiirsi:tv«s wiiffli die- .reflection itlart -Sim wras oniiw bound! Sat lUiiniHnln ;ald! odpirreadktirada . of dim iHowaiao gtroijp am finmness connected .with dhc rangar Oradtoniuinly mteiit:; .Whereas, onr (gr-rat oceani steamer was, on Iber .course digld tfirougiiiPiilynesai-witbrtlieiB.yolHittti.'lii andl Khitedl States. nmils, (tueay mutliing oPaiuaeors.!d!cargna:locoro,itive..;iigiii';, serorallOmBraf Ht-.trocohi.uil, ranil Jlk. QhackTs Somebody's iParceL-iiun piillq, ra coimlmoff Cidiffortliiinllfonmran Anglican rc'eliu'.. several! (missionaries, era irrmte (fir Fiiii, -die JSew fflchrides, dim .-Bmuoaii lUaudwandiS«Wi<IfoiuiHi,«nUranAiucri- caoiladydbctnr .heitl ran practiiing dim fiealiiigTact To Melbourne. Alfig, ttlici), fiir die- Alameda, rand iker -saciiiratine comieruuunta Jl (f.11 fie .oiirfimirt"?-) 