SPOKTINO. 15v " CKNTAUU." Thy A.J.C. meeting which came t«> a concluuion on Saturday last was ehic.'lly remarkable i'or .thrco defeats inflicted on Commotion by Iletfinald at 1A, 2 and j. The «kl htwaa was o %'ideidly inmhlod by the change in the rmmiuir from left to right, that it wu* not hiu tree form was fully proved by David beating liun in thu Ituudwick Plate and I cm prepared to see him reverse the running when next he meets Reginald aud Co., on tho Melbourne course. Tlie weights for tlio Goodwood Handicap and Adelaide Cup appeared on Wednesday, I czinnol compliment tho Handicappor on his work. Take the Adelaide Cup woight put oil Kingship 7st 91b as compared witli others of his own ago viz .—Hcleno 7et 7lb, The Broker Tst ?lb, Acolyte 7at 31b and most of all Stornaway 7et, if Mr. Pearson doen not put the pea through Kingship's name at once I irfll be very much surprised. Take the Goodwood Handicap aud look at the weight put on Ironmaster 7sL, the weight he «ron this nice with last year, aud because ho docs not, always give his true running, is not a sufficient reason I contend to literally throw him iu us he has been, Middlenmrch has been rained only 4lbf on the Ncwnrtrkeb Handicap while Sheet Anchor has got 141b up, thus he meets Middlomnrch on 101b worse terms for finishing behind him, it cannot be ou account of the dislauco being £ of a mile fu.Jior ieein? that' Middlcmurch demonstrated his abilit.v to RO the mile in the Stnndifih Plate on New Years Day. At present I should take to bo best iu the Goodwood Handicap, Middlemavch, Helenc, Tho Ghost, Topaz, Ironmaster, Country Boy aw* Marie Louise and for the Cup 1 think the winner will come from Commotion, Sheet Anchor, Helene, Anglesey, Acolyte, Conjecture, and Stornoway. God entries havo been received by Mr. Bond Jor to-morrow week's meeting ,at Caullicld, weights will appear on Monday. . / :v:; ^ Jilr. Cpx has received- fiiir.t)ntriesor. to-jporrow. 1 s .;mcetiug, .if^.the -wcatlior iB, j nd /alg&Od;sportVrnay- : /^>e : rc^ectpd ^ ;My"BelecUoi)s are Carbuncle ^or fTrjuT: jSiakes, Impulse-or Surprise : fcr • April ; Handicap, best of Glasscock's for Steoplechaac, and Little King or Manfred for Vineyard Handicap. §ince writing the above Mr. Cos: has postponed the meeting until Tuesday next, owing to the heavy rain. 