OE THE RIYEE. A "Voicefrom the Parramatta Diver" deprecates the vaguo way in which some of the Sydney papers " slate " our professional oarsmen, especially Cliñord, He says : " I may mention that I saw the Olmord-Peivrce match, and at that time he rowed in anything hut form ; hut Trickett pronounced him to he tho coming man of tho world, and I have evory reason to believe that in a private trial he rowed over Trickett-hence Trickett retired from the Par ramatta. Bo that as it may, Clifford is not the 'dunce' in wager boats that some of the press, would try nnd have us believe. I am speaking now from a practical point of row ing, and not from hearsay. I have seen Clifford doing his work daily morning and evening ever since he came from Illawarra Lake. I have also seen liim rowing along side of ' Beach, the Champion,' but . as they wore both ' foxing* no line could be taken; but on the other hand I have seen Clifford rowing moro than onco in two different, and distinct-forms. One he rows for his own edification as well as for his friends. Tho other is most pal pably meant for the public,.. and it is qmto on the board that some of the preBS reporters have had the misfortune to witness Clifford when ho was not rowing. Prom my own personal knowledge and experience, I think that Oliiïord cannot row well in, rough, water ; but in smooth.or medium water ho is far from being a'waster ;' and I have had the ploaauro of seeing'him row in all ¡ waters, and have- arrived at no other conclusion than that- he is a first-class oarsman, can .strike the water as quiokly as any pf tho others that I have seen (and. I have seen them all); in fact, I have seen him doing hard spins from almost every point of tho river, and have oounted his strokes, whioh vary from 38 to ; 24 per minute. When striking tho former he is at top speed, and gets wonderful pace ; his arms are well extended and his swing is perfect,, and no faults are visible, but when doing Ü4 his arms are straight, his back also, and ho does not uso his slide fully. Any one seeing him in this position would arrive at no other conclusion than that ho.could not boat any ono of our scullers ' Pearce included,' but do not bo led away by any such notions, for he is really rowing well and. strong,, with plenty of paco; and in my opinion whoever beats him from Charity Point to Brothers will be glad to see George Mulhall or Jimmy Biohards lower the flag . which denotes the raoe over. Of Hanlon I have .also seen a great deal, and ho is rowing with the same grace and swing whiou is so characteristic with him. Although I am inolined to believe at thnoB that ho. has fallen into a very bad hnbit of 'jerk ing' at tho end of his stroke, which tends to bury tho boat, instead of lifting, notwithstanding this, hois looking and moving along, well, and I believe that if ho is beaton, and. whoevor beats him, will boat Edward Hanlon, the renowned oarsman of the world, and not his ghost, whioh we saw in August last. f Beach,' tho champion soulier of the world, is doing (¡rood work from Gascoigno daily, under tho tutor ship of Mossenger ; but as Beach is only commencing his troubles, we cannot expect much fast work , at present, although he appears to bo in good health and spirits, and moving along strongly.' Layoook, -who accompanies Hanlan. twice a day in his work, is beginning to look more like himself, and is rowing much botter than lately described in a ' Weekly.' How is it possible to write on Laycock's form and condition without first consulting themselves os to his real state of health, viz., that since we saw him perform so well ho has had tho misfortune to break his log, then he started to run the 'Boll's Tavern,' at Woolloomooloo Bay, whioh was a very bad move for him, after living in such a healthy place oa'Shark Island/ where ho could go to bed ot what hour ho liked, and get up in the morning and have & bathe in the saltwater, and.a row if he felt inclined. This he must have missed considerably whon at the ' Bells.' After this long, spoil he tries to row Haitian, and because ho can't hold him and show tho same pace as ho did 18 months ago, his form is condemned, evidently without ;thinking over these rnattorB, which I have brieflymentioned, and which I note only iu fairplay and justice to Laycock, who. has done so much to bring the colony so prominently before the ' aquatic world."* As thoitime. for the race draws nigh, numbers of uorsons find thoir way up tho river in the afternoon to witness the men at practice ; but no new trials have yat been indulged in. Hanlon pulled a good Btrong pace right over the course on Wednesday, and is getting into good buokle. Clifford is also doing a lot of strong work, and feels very well. His new " Ruddick" boat hos arrived from Boston; but he has not yet had a spin in her, 