A oniTiCATj exaiui nation of the in jireilionts composing tho oratorical feast served up to a Maryborough audience by the Hon. S. W. Griilitli convinces us that the astute Premier 'suited his pliysie to liis patients' taste, aud attempted not mug more than a verbal fantasia of a strictly topical character, very much alter the style aii'ected by the opera-boufl'e comedian of the present day. Our distinguished visitor rattled along from one subject to another, from gay to grave, from lively to severe, without attempting to go below the surface over which lie so deftly skimmed, and without giving his ear-tickled audience even the ghost of a chance of drawing him beneath the surface. Some of his hearers, men of that elass who are always wanting to know something, probably expected a statesmanlike utterance when Mr. Grillith chose for his first tonic the 'vitally important Land Question.' and they were deluded into the belief that some information would be vouchsafed as to the work ing of the Act, the motives which led to the issue of the recent regula tions. and how far the estimate of greatly increased revenue from the land is likely to be realised. The electors have not forgotten the words spoken to a Maryborough deputation by the Minister for Works, and oft reiterated within the walls ol Parlia ment. that the dotation of the loan depends entirely 011 the success of the Land Act in producing such in creased revenue as will cover the amount of annual interest. That position has. it is presumed, not beeu abandoned, and we may. iu the absence of any information to the contrary, still regard these two leading factors in'otir future prosperity — the Land Act and the ten million ioan — as still correlative. We are strengthened in this conclusion by the reasonable assumption that the delay which has intentionally occurred iu placing the first instalment of the loan 011 the money market is due entirely to the stedfiust determination of the Cabinet to adhere to the position we have indicated, and to withhold any attack on the British money-bags until the other half of the scheme, the Land Act. holds out satisfactory promise of fulfilling the expectations of its loving parents. Xow. as the loan operations are fraught with the deepest influence on this town, it was natural to expect that the Premier would respond to the implied invita tion by explaining how the adminis tiatiou of the Land Act is pro gressing, and how the recent regula tions are expected to ali'eet settle ment and the Treasury. He, how ever. confined himself to a lofty disquisition on. the evils of land lordism in Ireland, and the dangers which beset the colony when the system of land-grant railways were under consideration. The nearest approach to the subject of land administration was the mere assur ance that the present Act will settle the people ou the land. The attitude of the colony towards Sir. Dutton's administration pretty clearly demonstrates that the asser tion of his Premier is not supported by public opinion. The Act pro mises to fail except in its application to squatters. That portion of it affecting' the holdeis of pastoral country is viewed with favor by that elass, aud as it will give them land on easy terms with a fixity of tenure which mast conduce to a more improved method of stock-farming, other classes, even those who have hitherto regarded the squatter as their natural political enemy, must accept it as a step forward iu the in terests of the colony. But there the measure of satisfaction appears to end. Complaints loud aud deep are heard in all districts where agricul tural settlement is possible, aud the first steps taken under the new Act are regarded as the most effectual that could possibly be taken to shake the popularity of the new system. It would perhaps have been better policy for the Government and more beneficial to the reputation of the colony for promoting agricultural settlement if the Minister had waited for the end of the six mouths allowed for squatters to surrender the halves of their leases, when a wider range of choice would have enabled Go vernment to signalise the appli cation of the new laws for the promotion of small settlement by throwing open as agricultural areas rich lands really worthy of the name aud of a class likely to tempt the iarming popula tion which is so eagerly sought for. We believe that the majority of the squatters are very willing to surren der half their runs as demanded by the new Act, the loss of them being amply compensated for by the better tenure and easier terms under which they will hold the other halves. There would thus be no difficulty in placing before the public a few months hence, ample areas which would invite settlement. As matters stand, the Minister for Lands has madea mock display of liberality in throwing open in this and other dis tricts merely a lot of worlhlessland, the ]-;avings of previous selectors who found the land not worth keeping. The only meril these areas can boast is that tiiey are, already surveyed, and the intending selectors find that they must absorb all these cast-off wilder nesses before they, as a class, can fairly cry for more. It is needless to add that this limit placed 011 selection is generally viewed wilh marked dis approval, nor arc matters improved by the arbitrary and unworkable regulations which have been issued to control the process of select ion and settlement. Under such circumstan ces, how can the Government expect that the Land Act will prove the financial success to justify their pro ceeding with borrowing operations ? This is the subjrst 011 which the Maryborough people hoped Mv. Grillith would oiler some informa tion. But he simply disposed of it aud many other possibly iuconvenient quest 'ons under a pathetic appeal to the people to believe that ' circuin stauces sometimes prevent the Go vernment from explaining what might appear to be mistakes, but which prove in time to be right.' The onus of explanation devolved perhaps r'ghtly on the Minister for Lauds, but his vague utterances ou the laud question only served to convince the banquetters, as the timber deputa tions were already convinced, that Mr. Dutton is merely a wild theorist without the slightest practical insight into the land question. The amusing persistency with which that Minister assured the deputations that the royalties could not possibly affect the timber-getters or the millers, but would fall directly ou consumers ouly, indicated just how little Mr. Dutton understands of political economy or the first principles of commerce, and illustrated plainly that the royalties were intended solely as a new tax on the general public to increase the revenue ; aud his opinions on the capability of the Laud Act and regulations to promote agricultural settlement appear to be equally fanciful. 