ROCKHAMPTON. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1835. NEW SOUTH WALES POLITICIANS. " MANY people," said an American writer, " Lave been dead for years, and have not yet found it out." This epigram was once applied to a poli- i tician, formerly very prominent in the Congress at Washington, who continued to haunt the Capitol long after his day of greatness was post, and who assumed airs of superiority over a new genera- tion, which hardly knew him even by name. The words, however, might apply witli equal force to Sir Henry Parkes, formerly Premier of New S South Wales, and now known to the public chiefly as a soured and disap- pointed man, whose influence has almost passed away, and who vents his spleen on those who will no longer serve hint. I Politically he seems to be dead, and though for such os he there sometimes comes a wonderful resurrection, his chance of again assuming power is of the very smallest. Like a ghost he haunts the scene of his former triumphs, but his role is that of a spiteful and vexatious goblin ; and he appears never to be so happy as when he eau cause annoyance to those who, unlike him- self, are still in the flesh. If the object of Sir Henry Parkes in his late proceedings was to make him- self disagreeable, at once to the Par- liament and the Colony, he must be congratulated upon his success. Nearly a year ago the ex-Premier retired from the Assembly in wrath and dis- gust. He shook from his feet the dust of an unrighteous House, and left Par- liament to get on as best it could with- out his aid. But he was anxious it should be known that he quitted the Legislature solely because his moral being revolted at what he heard and saw there ; he left it as Lot left Sodom, and, like the patriarch of old, he might have remained had ten righteous men been found to keep him company; but he feared to be demoralised by longer asso- ciation with members who were utterly devoid of patriotism and principle. On the 3rd of November, Sir Henry Parkes, enacting the part of Saul, took his place among. the prophets, and issued an ad- dress to his constituents at Tenterfield, which purported to be his farewell to political life, and which raised a storm of indignation amongst his opponents. There was certainly much in it that was calculated to provoke any but the meekest politicians, and os these are generally weeded out by a process of natural selection, at an early stage of j their parliamentary career, there were ¡ few men in the House who were pre- pared to accept, in a Christian spirit, the criticism levelled at them. One sentence in this philippic, which was marked out for special condemnation, ran as follows : "In the present Parliament, political character has almost disappeared from the proceedings of the Legislative Assembly, and personal objects, to put the matter in the mildest form, have, to a large extent, absorbed that kind of consideration which has taken the place of deliberation and legiti- mate debate. I have seen immense sums of public money voted away by private pressure and bargaining, in the face of the openly avowed convictions of members so pliantly yielding up their conscience. Even if 1 had strength, and a disposition for this kind of parliamentary warfare, I am not prepared to waste the remnant of life which remains to me in contending against such forces." There was, of course, no scope for action against the author of this manifesto. It was not consistent' with the dignity of Parliament to pass impotent censures upon a private citizen, and as Sir Henry's remarks were general in char- acter, no member could take pro- ceedings on his own account. Sp the ex-Premier was left unmolested in Iiis peaceful retirement, and had he been wise he would have remained there to this day. His period of usefulness was past; his friends had mostly fallen away ; and of his former popularity scarcely a vestige remained. But cir- cumstances induced him to reconsider his decision, and ultimately he re-entered the House as member for Argyle, there- by showing that, on one point at least, he failed to comprehend his position. He had been dead for some time, but lie did not know it. As might have been anticipated his re-appearance in the House has been the signal for an outburst of wratli from the men whom he hod maligned. The Premier, in bringing Sir Henry Parkes' address under the notice of the As- sembly, translated its words into such unmistakeable English as showed that he, at least, was fully sensible of thc grossness of the insult levelled at the Legislature. The voting away of sums of money "by private pressure and bargaining" be described as imply- ing "a state of corruption so wide- spread and irremediable that the hon. member was compelled to re- tire from Parliament to escape the responsibility of such infamy," and he demanded with bitter irony why Sir Henry had seen fit to return to these evil associations. But the member for Argyle was equal to the occasion, and querulously regretted that the Premier should have so far forgotten the dignity of his position as to bring the matter liefere the House. He improved upon Sir Alexander Stuart's measured phra- seology by alluding :to the conduct of the Government as "scandalous log- rolling," and assured hts hearers that the words complained of had not been written under any sudden impulse, but calmly and deliberately. He grew pathetic over the defects of his early education, and his failings OR an ex- ponent of the English language, and plainly implied that only thc scantiness of his vocabulary had prevented hiui from using even stronger terms than those quoted. In brief, he defied the august Assembly, which presumed to sit in judgment on his words and actions, and ofter a peroration in which he had much to say about the freedom of debate, and the independence of Parliament, he turned bis back on the House and retired. He returned, how- ever, towards the close of the debate, seemingly for the purpose of stating with renewed emphasis, that he snapped his ringers at the House, and lest there should be any room for doubter miscon- ception, he repeated the assertion twice, and suited the action to the word. The debate which took place during his temporary absence was tierce and acrimonious. The Premier moved a formal vote of censure, and under cover of this motion every member proceeded to disinter his own pet scandal, and hold it up to public view. Mr. Baker, of Milburn Creek fame, once more passed in review all the details of the unsavoury episode with which his name has become associated j Mr. Buchanan de- nounced the Assembly as a sink of corruption ; and Mr. R. B. Smith levelled a specific charge of bribery at one of his opponents, and being called to order, explained, by way of apology, that be had used the words only in a hypothetical sense-a definition worthy of the Pickwick Club. For Sir Henry Parkes personally no one appeared to care in the least, but his case afforded a safety-valve for violence and abuse, and it was made use of to the utmost. The reasoning powers of the Assembly were apparently weak, but their language was strong enough to compensate for this defect. Ultimately the vote of censure was carried by a majority of four only, a result which thc Opposition hailed as tantamount to an acquittal, and Sir Henry re-entered, to execute, metaphorically speaking, a jw seid of triumph on the floor of the House. A motion for his expulsion received hardly even a passing notice, the Government having no desire to press the matter, and the House then adjourned. The effect of these proceedings will not, certainly, tend to improve the morah of the Assembly ; neither are they likely to degrade it, for a Parlia- ment which endures the daily presence of Messrs. M'EUione and Taylor cannot sink much lower. Its deliberations have degenerated into a course of per- sonal insult, and the Legislature has reached something approaching the level of a Polish Diet, ¡in its utter dis- regard of the courtesies, and even decencies, of debate. This conduct cannot fail to bring representative in- stitutions into contempt, and will cause men of high standing and character to shun the equivocal honour of serving their country amid such unpleasant sur- roundings. The remedy lies, not with the House itself, but with the country. Let electors cease the practice of sending blatant demagogues to represent them, and the Parliament of New South Wales will soon lose the bad name it has acquired, and become once more worthy of the great colony which it is its privi- lege to govern. THERE were no cases for Hearing at the Felice Court yesterday. MR. B. CRIBB, Police Magistrate, received the following telegraphic message yesterday from the Under-secretary for Works, and has favoured us with a copy of it :-" Ten- ders for Morgue too high. Fresh tenders will be called." DUBING the examination of the witness Daniel Parr yesterday in the Gordon murder case His Honor Mr. Justice Mein cautioned Parr about turning hia back to him. On .ach occasion he acknowledged he had trans- gressed and apologised; but aa be repeated the misdemeanour and conducted himself in a peculiar way, His Honor critically questioned bim as to whether he had been drinking. At first he protested he had only had a bottle of soda water ; eventually he admitted he had had a few drinks. His Honor remarked that Parr was not in a fit state to come into Court, he had been indulging in intoxicants, and if he persisted in misconducting himself he would have to deal with him rather un- pleasantly. The warning had the desired effect, and Parr gave hie evidence with more clearness than hitherto. TBS criminal sittings of the Circuit Court were opened at ten o'clock yesterday morn- ing and conclnded about half-past eight in the evening. The day was occupied in the trial of Walter Edward Conlon for the murder of Walter Bunning, manager of Darr River Downs Station, on the 2nd May. The prisoner was allotted counsel, Mr. K. Lilley acting in that capacity, and raising in his defence the plea of Insanity. The jury were about turee hours in agreeing. Thc point on which they differed was the accused's sanity at the time he shot Bunning ; but as they were re-directed by His Honor, and were informed they would he locked up for thc night unless they were unanimous, they speedily agreed. According to thc statement ol the foreman (Mr. R. S. Ellis) it appeared there were only one or two who had a doubt as to accused's responsibility for his brutal act ; but His Honor's explana tiou of the law was so explicit that they coincided with the views of the others. Gordon is a man of average height and well-built, and throughout thc trial dis- played very little interest in thc proceedings. Tho jury's verdict of guilty he received with calmness, but as his position began to dawn upon hbn he looked round the Court in an appealing manner. It was not until a few minutes had elapsed that he was able to say anything why sentence should not be passed upon him, and then he appeared to be extremely nervous andonlyutterexlafew words. His Honor pronounced sentence in an impres- sive tone of voice, and amid perfect silence ; but did not wear the black cap. During the progress of the trial he reprimanded the jurors for inattention, telling them they must listen to what was going on. (Jordon's case being the only one on the list the criminal sittings of the Court were concluded. The civil sittings will commence to-day. There are two jury cases for hearing, viz., Willis r. Pattison; counterclaim, Pattison e. Willis; and O'Brien c. Ryan. In the tînt action the claim is for £72, balance of purchase money for one of Hall's refrigerating machines sup piled, and there is a counter claim fer £500 damages for breach of contract lo Doooeetion with «be machine. In the second action the plaintiff claims possession of subdivision B of allotment 5 section 122, lawn of Bock liamptou, and to recover rent and i tn cane profits. Mn«. LKAVITT couttnued her Gospel Tem- perance Mission yesterday. Owing to there being a public meeting to offer up prayers for rain she delivered no address in the after- noon. In the evening she entertained a numerous assemblage of temperance sup- porters and others with a lecture on the success of prohibition, in which she "was equally aa successful as on previous occasion*. The Chairman was the Kev. E. Tucker. ' TIIF. Traffic Manager of the Central Rail- way, Mr. Holdsworth, has received informa- tion that the dead body of a man wa* found yesterday morning a few yards on the Kmerald side of the Nogoa bridge and near the line. Deceased was supposed to have been killed by a train during the night. Bis name was J oin Lawlor, and ne was about fifty years of age. He worked as a ballast getter. An inquiry will be held into the cause of death. A UNITED meeting to pray for rain waa held in the School of Arts yesterday after- noon. There was a large attendance, the hall being nearly full. On the platform were the Rev. Messrs. MoBsop, Hartley, Williams, Powell, Tucker, I'Erson, Brassington, Dr. Hay, and Mr. Graham. Mc. Mossop pre- sided, and addressed the meeting, after .shish he offered up a prayer for the due fulfilment of their wants. Several other addresses were given, and st intervals hymns were song. ; THE ordinary fortnightly meeting of the North Rockhampton Municipal Council should have been held yesterday afternoon, but owing to there not being a sufficient number of aldermen present to constitute a quorum it was adjourned for a week. Those I who attended were-Aldermen Macaree, Wackford, Norris, and Shannon. The pro- bable cause of the absence of so many was that there was no pressing business requiring attention, there being neither inward ^nor outward correspondence nor important motions for consideration. IT was some considerable time before a jury was empannelled yesterday at the sittings of the Circuit Court in the case of Walter Edward Gordon for murder. The bailiff (Mr. Baildon) called over the list of jurors sub- poenaed, and informed His Honor Mr. Justice Mein that eleven or twelve had not answered. His Honor inquired the reason, and after several inquiries was told they included .the names of some dead men and others who were absent from the district. He reprimanded the bailiff for neglecting to inform the Sheriff of the fact, and remarked that there had been bad management. The panel waa exhausted when only ten gentlemen were empannelled, and it was not until after numerous chal- lenges by Mr. E. Lilley, for. the pri- soner, and by the prosecutor for the Crown that the twelve were sworn in. Mr. Charles Bugden on being called on to take .the box said he was rather prejudiced, and Was ordered by His Honor to stand aside ; Mr. William Booth was excused owing to defective bearing, and His Honor suggesteahhi namesbouldberemovdfromtheJuryListt Mr. James M'Gladde.-y was excused for a similar leason, but he stated his deafness was temporary, being the result of a cold ; and at the suggestion of His Honor Mr. Heal challenged Mr. W. Nixon, who appeared in response to a subpoena for "Mr. James Nixon, coachbuilder," as the summons waa served at bis office in his absence. The name of Patrick Kenna was called out, and it was stated he was dead. The associate (Mr. W. J. Byram) said the name bad elicited a response ; but as no one came forward on it being called a second time, His Honor asked Mr. Halloran to make a note of Kenna's death. ly an abstract from Compta Rendu», Pro- fessor John Trowbridge, of Harvard College, gives an interesting account of a series of experiments made to ascertain how far the light of day penetrates into the waters of Lake Geneva. It goes down to a depth of five hundred and fifty feet, where it is about equal to the brightness of a clear night with- out any moon. The curious fact ls record erl that in cloudy September weather the light descends further than in the bright days of August. FLIRTATIONS in sealing-wax are the latest novelty. Blue is taken to be expressive of affection, and there are four or five shades of the colour, of greater or lesser intensity, ac- cording to the nature of the passion symbo- lised. Wedding invitations are sealed with white, and notes of congratulation with pink wax. Variegated colours are significant of conflicting emotions. Silver and gold thimbles are being made use of by young ladles aa Beak, just as housemaids used to do In &a; old times ; but, of course, all sorts ei elegant devices are incised upon the thimble ends now-a-days. Mr. H. M. Stanley, the Home News reports, at a well-attended meeting at the Mansion House, on Wednesday, July 22, mad* an eloquent appeal on behalf of the slaves of Central Africa. A resolution calling upon the English Government to exercise its in- fluence with the Egyptian Government to> secure the observance of the Convention of August 4. 1877, by which slavery in Egypt was to be prohibited after August 4, 18M, having been passed, Mr. Stanley dwelt «pen ' his grief at the death of General Gordon, to whom he had looked as a future coadjutor is the work of opening up the dark Continent to civilisation. Tue special object of the present meeting was to consider the practica- bility of approaching the Bahr Geselle and the Upper Nile, aa General Gordon had suggested, by way of the Congo. As Mr. Stanley showed, for a long distance up the Congo, the route would lie comparatively easy, beojause under European protection. Tile Behr Gazelle covers 150,000 square miles, and is said to possess an excellent climate. The) veteran explorer considers that a beginning might be made at the head of the Biserre, aa affluent of the Congo, and by assuring the natives at starting that the mission was in their own interests, the region would, it might be boped, rapidly fall under the benefi- cent sway of European commerce and civili- sation. A RUMOUR is going about, observes the SU Jamen' Gazilte, that the Psychical Society has at last found a ghost. Hitherto the society has been in the painful position of calling spirits from the vasty deep, and only tiuiliug that Shakespeare was right about the difficulty of getting them to respond. The committee have, we believe, hired houses warranted to be haunted by the most unex- ceptionable spectres, have heroically slept in the haunted chamber night after night, and have not BO much as beard a sigh or seen the least symptom of a faint blue lieht. Things were at their worst when a change esme, which has apparently ended in brilliant dis- coveries. In the last volume of the Society's Transactions, or Journal, there appeared av notice that persons wishing to be introduced to a real ghost should immediately apply to the Haunted Secretary, or words to that enact. So enthusiastic was the rash expected to fae, that the Haunted Secretary would not pledge himself to find a bcd in the chamber visited by " The Thing " for every seeker after physical truth who might present Linnet, Some inquirers, however, was accommodated, and the consequences ear- passed all expecta- tions. Hard knocks were the order of the day. The Ghost, whose appearance Is not mentioned in the rumour, began by throwing tumblers (where did they come from J) at tile representatives of the S.P.R. A heavy tender 1 was the next inissUe employed, abd siter this r the ghost sent a slab ot the manila onhseCT I piece Dying at their heads, and then «| Mhnh the retreat was reluctantly aoti0jI&''*'TM experiment is, we bear, to be repeated M «non ma the S.P.R. bas armed tts Intrepid representatives with plate armour, or some Improvement on the divers' uniform ; and the ?eleotrio light is to be suddenly flashed upon the spectre to see if it will jump. It is most earnestly to bo hoped that the persevering efforts of tlie society will meet witli the reward they deserve, and that this promising ?ghost will maintain his high character. MOXSIKUR DKLAUS A Y has made a communi- cation to thc Socirtr ile Jilotetjie respecting memory, as studied under thc varioiiB bio- graphical conditions. The infetior races of ?mankind, such ns negroes, the Chinese, tu:., have more memory than thoBe of a higher .type of civilisation. Primitive races, which «ere unacquainted with the art of writing, .had a wonderful memory, and were for ages in the habit of handing down from one gene -fStion to another hymns as voluminous as the Bible. Prompters and professors of declama- tion know that women have more memory than men. French women will learn a foreign language quicker than their husbands. THJS total production of wine in France in 1884, says the St. Janue' Oaf tte, was 271 million gallons tess than in thc previous year, .nd 220 million gallons less than the average *>f the previous 10 years. It may, however, probably be admitted that the decrease since 1883 was due in a great measure to the dry, parching weather of the autumn, and that ihe superior quality of the wines, and ^especially of the white wines, will compensate to a largo extent for the falllng-off in quality. Still, it is extremely disquieting to timi, as vedo from Consul Ward's report, that between 1883 and 1884 no less than 22,000 acres of JVineyards were entirely destroyed by thc Jhyfioxera in the Gironde district alone, ince the first appearance of the noxious insect the area of vineyards entirely destroyed has been about 84,000 acres, and that of vine- yards partially damaged us much as 123,000 .veres. There has, on the other hand, been -sm increase of more than 57,000 acres in land .newly planted, chiefly with thc American «rine. But the worst of it is, that while the vineyards damaged have often been those ?which produced the best wine, thc fresh plantations cannot be expected, at least for a long time, to yield anything but an inferior liquid. The phylloxera has, moreover, two aar three powerful allies in the work of .destruction in the shape of the oïdium, the anthrachnose, and, In damp seasons, the mildew. For the former of these, as well as tfor the dreaded phylloxera, palliative remedies of a. certain efficacy have been found, but it does not appear that the last two have yet been treated chemically with avny success. The American vine is not much fancied in the better districts of Bordeaux ; but in the Hérault, Ardeche, Bouches du Rhone, and some other departments its introduction is regarded as a success. 