The Devil's Dictionary. G. Gipsy, a. A person who is willing to tell your fortune for a moal portion of it. GiraTe, . An m imal that lovre to bathe its fevered brow- in the mists of diny alti tudes, and supplies its own pinnacle for the occasion, whence it overlooks you like a step Gloom, n. The mental condition prom d•ucd bo y anigger minit-el, the fnyv column of c norpapcr, a hope in heavcn and a de-il's dictionry. Giett;n, n. A person who escapes the evils of mdcration by committing dyspepsia. (tnoatico, n. A sech of philosopheco who trinl to eugineer a fusion Ibe?t?e the early Christians and the Platonists. The fornmer would not go into tle caucus ?nl thie corn linaotion failed, greatly to the chagri of tihe eonoubiators. Onu, n. An anim:lofSouth Afrien, whichi in itis dicatc?toted .tate recmllet.?s horeu. a ulfalb an: a stag. In its wild condition it i soamethling like a thunderbolt, an earth quake ?nl a cyclone. A hunter from Keis ceaght a distant view Of a peacefully meditative gnun, And he said-" I'll pursue, and my hands imhruce In its blood at a closer interview." Bat tthat beast did ensue and the hunter it threw O'er the topof a palm that adjacent grew; And he said as he flew-" It is well I with deew Ene, losing my temper, I wickedly slew That really meritorious "..n." Gold, e. A yellow metal gretly prized for its convenience in the voriouns Ikinds of robbery knoown so tircle. The word was forcnerly spellcel "God "--the I was inserted to dlistinguish it from the uameo of another and inferior deity. Gold is the heiaviest of allI the metals except platinum, and a con nideralle amount of it will sink a man so Inlch imore quickly and deeply than plati oum will that the latter is made into life belts and used as a lifting power for balloons. Beritisc gld, an imaginary metal greatly used in the manufacteur of Americmn traitors to the patriotic axiom that two and two are live. Good, ,dj. Sensible, madam, to the worth of this preeent writer. Alive, sir, to the ad vantages of letting him alone. (looee, n. A bird that supplien quills for wrriting. These, by some occult process of nature, are penetrated and sulfused with varioul degrees of the lird's intellectnal energics and emeotionca character, so thlat when inked and drawn mcchanically across paper by a person called an '" author," there results a very fair and accurate transcript of thefowl's thought and feeling. The difference in geese, as discovered by this ingenions mcethocl, is considerable; many are found to ponaes only trivial and insignificatt powers, but some are seen to be very great geeae in deccL A critic who all day had railed Against a poem which had failed To please him, as the sun went down Stopped curneg awl forgot to frown. A geoe, which, sitting near, had heard In eilence each censorious oord, Nowr solemnly exclaimed-- " My friend, i've heerd you calmly to the end, Unwilling to disturb yon. though I smarted at each bitter blow." " Pray what have my remarks to do," The critic cried, "with eucl as you ?" " With me, indeed ! That serves to show Howr little critics care to kron Aboot the objects of their cursco. I grew the pen which wrote the verses " Brother Gardlner on Progress. " \'lhilo dis am de the aige of progrse," said BTtoher Gardnler, as he rose up with a force of fSO pounds to the square inch, "' Io not pr1gre*s to.t f.st. Dar an osuCih a thigll as pottin' too minch esugar on a sweet.ake. " Fri:utance, progreso has c.:'iold :p pa?t de .irat whar' we kin stall ol- h~tet a o eats in doe vi:.derS in !lace of hroken pianes, ibut doena' joop to rhs conclushua nn at yanu ih s got to run int debt for ?.e curtains to keep up wid the time. " l'rogres lias car'ied us past de pint whar' men belicve is ghosts an' goblins, but dean' emasgie dar you am calledl upon to shaw yCr csmartness by ridiculin any of the onsartin pssoages in do Bible. " 'rogress has car'ied us past do pint whar' rolngn forbids a man to enjoy his self, but dosan'icel called upon to w'ar yer hoofs offin ldancin,' or to get so nsrd to a packl of kecrils thiat yo shulille yer knife an' fork as soon csyou sot down at de table." " Progress has ear'iced us past the pint of billin' taters Vid the hides on, but dey has got to be paid fur all the .anae. an' yon musn t judgo of . loan's chtaractr by h'arin' himn orler Saratoga chips." SI'rogrcsc e no longer permits our sons to w'ar out our ole cloze, but when yon ketch a yong man hoerin' co'n with a broadcloth on his legs an' a paste diamond in his hiled shirt you kin make up yer mind dot Injun meal am grwine to take a rise of 0 cents on a hndreI,." "Progress denmands dat our chill'cn be eddecated, but bekase yer boys kin figger cubel root an' yer gals chatter French, dean' miss the chances to Parn de feat a good trade, an' do secondl do art of bakia' bread an' cookin' bacon." 