TO CORRESPONDENTS. "Subscriber," Adelaide.—The clerk of the market can prevent any person from selling refreshments there. Ton can obtain a licence from the town clerk. "MASON."—1. The Adelaide Steamship Company dispatch steamers to Perth about every three weeks. 2\. The passage-money is:—Saloon, £1010s.; steerage, £710& 3\. The usual time lor a trip to Perth is seren days. " Working Mas," Moonta.—l. Perth and FremanUe. 2\. Their populations are 5.014 and 3,641 (census of 1£S1) respectively. 8. Their distance from Adelaide is about 1,600 miles. 4. The fares by the Adelaide Steamship Company are:—Saloon, £1010s.; steerage, £7108. "Mr Ows loea."—l. The weight of the heaviest engine is 71 tons, and the lightest 12J tons. 2. The weight of dam ploughs varies from lie Ib. to 511 Ib. 3\. The river Tamar nearly divides Cornwall from Devon. 4. It would if it h-d different ?-heels,and if it could be guided. & Ho, as soon the man id crowned themove is finished. 6. The first locomotive rui be tween Stocliport and Darlington in 1830. 7 George Stephensoodied in 1W&. '?ScBSCBiBrE," Hemnpe.-We should say that the parents in the case yon mention have no right to draw tie money. "SEwCami."— We should reply in the negative to your first question, and in the affirmative to the second. We, however, advise you to consult a legal gentleman on the subject "HJL-— BtJkey is a seaport in Dublin Bay, Ire bod, ttisanlrishnune. "J. F. Teht."—Tour letter contains libellous nutter. "B. Cox?raL."—Your letter in tbe form in which it is written is an advertisement. "Teoth" takes exception to statements in a tele gram describing the death of Caroline Grahlow in the Gladstone OaoL He denies that the woman re fused to admit her guilt or that her remains were removed prior to her sister's arrival, and states that the deceased received proper attention. "Jonnu," denelcr. thinks, contrary to Mr. Sparta's opinion, that had Mr. Pearson carried his claim for damages against the Glenelg Hallway Com pany for injuries received in an accident to the Supreme Court he would have obtained a larger sum than was awarded by the Local Court. "Millie's Ghost," Watervale, writes: — "The authorities have stopped lighting: tile lamp in (rant of our local poet-office, a must dangerous proceeding on dark nights, on account of the verandah floor being some height from tie ground. It is almost impossible to find tbe letter-box without running against a post or falling off the verindab, as a young lady did the other night and hurt herself. The Governmentshould be made liable for damages if a serious accident occurred, which is very likely. About £1,0*) wag waited over this building, which will not be required ! for another fifty yean.'' I "Ekotimbl" Prince's-Htreet — Yes. "J. ll."—The South Suburban dub occupied the tecoi.d position on the scoring-list of the Adelaide and Suburban Cricketing Association at the dose of last reason, the Gleijsides bung the premiers. *' J. A."—lf no runs ace scored off an over it isa ' "maiden" whether a wicket is taken or not. 