Melbourne. July 20. The new exploring company which was floated on the strength of a nugget having beeu said to have been found oil the Fly River, New Guiuea, by Mr. Kerry, a member of the Age exploring expedition, to-day resolved to dissolve. The directors, in intimating their inten tion to pay back the money subscribed, tending to show that Kerry bought the nugget in Tasmania. General Scratchley has withdrawn the permission granted to Kerry to explore the island. The trial of the four prisoners, Mil lidge, Carey, Fortuue and M'Mahon, tor complicity iu the robbery of the Simp son's Road brauch of the National Bauk on the 3rd June, under arms, was com menced at the Supreme Court to-day. The Premier yesterday received a tele gram rc the Federation Enabling Bill from the Premier of Queensland, who has joined with the Premiers of South Australia and Tasmania in consenting to withdraw their opposition to the 31st clause of the Bill as introduced. Mr. Service has despatched a telegram to tbe Agent-General instructing him to with draw opposition to the clause if the abrogation of the provision were struck out. He expressed a hope that the Bill would be pushed through without delay. The V.ll.C. Grand National Meeting was held at Flemington on Saturday, and was well attended. The following are the results of the races Maiden Hurdle Race.— Hippogriff, 1 ; Sea Breeze, 2 ; Duration, 3. Fourteen horses started. Won by a length and three-quarters. Time, 4uiin. 3sec. Maiden Steeplechase.— Reticent, 1 ; Lady Ashton, 2 ; ICeltkyii, 3. Seven started. Won by ten lengths. Time, 5 mill. 23sec. Ghand National Hurdle Race.— The Agent, 1 ; Guardfish, 2 ; C»ckboat, 3. Ten started. Won by three lengths, the wiuner being ridden throughout in fine style. Time, 6]mm. Grand National Steeplechase (about three miles).— Wymlet, lOst. 41b (Corrigan) 1 ; Sailor, '.1st. lOst. (M'Leod) 2 ; Denmark, 12st. 111b. (Ivilduff) 3. 14 started. A large number of the horses fell. Won by five lengths. Time, 7min. 19}see. Selling Hurdle Race.— Student, 1 ; Flamborough, 2 ; Doncaster, 3. Six etarted. Won by threo lengths. Time, 3min. 17Jsec. Flat Race. — The Ghost, 1 ; Plausible, 2 ; Bohemian, 3. Sixteen started. This was a good race, and was wou by three quarters of a length. Time, lrnin. 48 ij ' sees. On Saturday Alexander Morrison Fisher was sentenced to eight months' i imprisonment for bigamy. He married a young woman named Clara Frances Emblem, at Armidale, New South Wales, in 1811, and again Isabella Lewis, at Geeloug, iu 18S3. A deputation from the Friendly Socie ties wailed on Mr. Berry to request an amendment of the Friendly Societies Act. The principal points were, how ever, to erect almshouses, to devote sums from the general fuud to the relief fuud, aud to settle disputes in their own courts by arbitration. Mr. Berry promised to introduce a Government bill. Frauk Howgarth, who was to have been tried this week at Geelong for per jury, has applied to have his case post poned, pending a settlement of his action | against Superintendent Toohey iu the Supreme Court, the perjury prosecution being alleged to have been instituted with a view to prejudice his actiou. Judge I Williams granted the application, al though it was opposed by the Crown .Solicitor. , 