TALES AND SKETCHES. Mercy Gray. It was ninny years ago when tho old windmill of Jonquiq Gray stood on tho ' rocky hill justoutsido of tho villngo. It wao a rare sight, on a week day a£ tlint timo' to sco tho windwhocls hanging motionless, for Miller Gray was an in- workor nnd a succesfull monoy-rankef. Bnt now, nltliongh tho rocky liili stands opposite tlio littlo villngo, and tlio breezes still blow over it, tho old windmill has crumbled away into nothing, Joaquin Gray, tlio miliar, hnslongsiacobcon dead; and gono. . Joaquin Gray was a miserly old fellow All his inonoy, it was rumored, " was bidden down in a deop vault under tlio old mill ; at least, stick was the sup position that people nindo from tlio fnct thnt an Sundays, nnd aomotimes lata nt night, lio would lenva his cottnga and lock bimsolf up alono in tlio mill for . r hours togctlior.. His wifo was dead, but Ids daughter Mercy kopt house for him. Although tho gill never drcsscfl any 1 better than tlio poorest, lass . inn tho , villngo,. sho was so .beautiful in fnco nnd form tlint hor plain gown so contrasted with her natural 'loveliness as really to ' '-. sot her off to1. advantage. Thero wns . . . hot a sweeter girl thnt knelt in Briqrtown . Oliurch on a Sunday morningj than MoroyGrny. , . ' i I know mora about tlio girl thnn any ono also in tlio viiiago. I was a motlior to hor, jtnd I grow to bo ns prond of hor; as if sho wero my own child. , You see, her own mother died when tlio child was \- but two years .old, .and. old -Miller: Gray.' looked. out i for tlio! porson that would' bring hor up tit tlio cheapest rates— and, thnt turned out. to, ho.Jno. Wei tyoro . very poor thon, and I was very glnd'to get tlio littlo ho gavo nio.forbringipgup Mercy witli my own children j but, oh, Bometimcs, as I look back and think of her, I almost wish that I had hover known her, or that sho had novor lived, but had gono to Pnrndiso when lic'r motlior want. Sho had a; hard lifo of it, poor ohild, and hor story is fall of sorrow anil bitterness. I. had .a little atqhq, cross placed over hor gravo soma time, after her death, and at tho' foot of- it, if' you brush away tho . grass, that grows .there, you mny'seo her nemo carved out — " Moroy Gray"— nnd the words, '"At' Best."',';. j Z Tho girl was only twelvo years old when alio was obliged to leavo mo and commonco to keep Iioubo for hor father. .We had grown much hotter .off' since tho timo whoa she first .cnino to livc witii us, and so it was ii' linrd' tiling for lie'r now to live' with., her old. niisor lof a ' father. Ho pinched i'and ground' her down into, povorty as liiucli os tho old mill ground down tlio. grain nnd corn;. Bat still bIio grow up as beautiful, and Bwcet-tompored. a girl ns if alio had .lived in: a.i palace. ! Evqty.T«norwhq know liar could acnrcoly help loving Mercy Gray. I It was when slio was about sovonteen . - yonrs old that I am' going. to commoncd with, hor sad story. At that timo things i ware boginning to look ; a littlo bright for' her, for slio had began to experience tlio' sweet - pleasure ot . loving, and boing loved. Slio knew it would linvo to bo a; ' long timo hoforo sho could become a ' wifo,' for-hor father hold 'on 'to boras «i.nnn1i lie worn nlntcliino n liner of erold.' in bis musty old vault. ; But still, I. dare say; slio and young Arthur Olden i p.werenitoilinppyTP thoiantiqipntion of, | i'ifutnro dnysj ohd.inevori lthcwidf jtho darkness tlint was going to fall around them' in so 'short -ti'Timb. Nor how. ' should T.bhvO'kndwji it, .oifher, when T ' 'wntohbd'' the-, two -Walking blown (tho yillnge Innb' 1:sid6;l)y ,sidc i ? ...But (the' -thOiUmt ennid— niiiliiti was 'iii' tbol pleasant Juno tife'd.'wlieh nll tlio eartli'was heed less of H and trad very bright nnd gajri . ; It seems that old. pray, had; gonej ns l-'.: ;wo» his custom, to tho . mill: quite late -'one'riight." "Ho wont'- after /Moroy; had, . gone to bed, 'nnd she know nothingj ol .it;,. but, when, alio .prqqq qnrlyr in Itlio morning .to. ;got the ;S0nnty., brdnkfnst ready sbo found that her foth'or whs not i in tbq house.' : But this, did hot ' much !" alarm lier, for it.hqd often.lihppened ; . before. : Miller Gray and his gold wero . "such good friends that thoy ofton'-stjaid' '. closo thgqthor, jgll thrbn'gh tliq';'n'iglit. j . ' ®o, ' whbiv.'Mdrcy bad 'cijion . b'er /c|wn ii'li brenitlns't, sho' put her.fntlior's moal in a 1' a small basket and went over' to tho' mill, \- ' to givo it to him ns sho lind. often 'done' ' before. She did hot Tock tlio Iiojise door when she left it, 'for tho' mill was only over tlio why nnd\ sho 'oxpectod to Btny only a fdiv mihiites. , , , I i : Asisho enmo up to tlio mill, howdycr; Moray ;sntv. that somotliing must ilio; amiss. Tlio windwheels were motion- lcBii/ ilnd' hor father's thrc'o-'employfis' wore standing idly nt the door. It wns still tho early morning, hut obl Gray' had nlwoys' mndo his' omployhs go jto ' ' work an hour before any other men in ' ' the village. ' He lind always kept the: kov himself, and whs generally there : before they wore in tho morning aiid unlocked the door for them. But on : thnt morning, thoy told Mercy , thoy had knocked nnd ponnde'd and kicked on the ' door of tlio mill in vain. So, supposing that he wns still in tho house, thoy had; waited until he should appear. : ' ; Such an occurrence hnd. never been! before. Nature lind, I dnro shy, wound up Millor Gray when ho was born just tho sonio as my husband— ho was tho soxton — wound up tlie old clook ill -tho. church towor, nnd-liis lifo lind gone on with tlio Bnmo regularity as tlint clock did. IIo lind ovcrything nil. laid out,, and did it with suoh precision tlint ho was mora like a dry old monk in a monastery thin any ono of whom I over knew. So when poor Mercy heard that the mil! wna not yet" opened, hnd that her fnthcr bad not boon seen, she whs, just as frightened nnd disninyod as 'Mih could ho. "Ho must certainly ha inside,". sho said, after a minute's thought. " It novcr happened : before, bnt it might possibly bo thnt bo is asleep, or, per-: haps" — and sbo spoke in. an uncertain way — " perhaps bo is in. that vault, if there is such s piece, and something bae happened to him there." " Aro you pretty core, Mice Mercy, tlint lie is not in the housed Did you look carefully around before you left V asked one of the workmen. " I am certain bo was not there/' ebe said, decisively. "Ho must be here, for lie lins often, as you know, come Jie/e in tho night-time before. . I think you hnd better knock onco more ; and then, if there be no answer, I am enroitwouid ho right to break in the door," And so, when they had knocked again in vain, they threw their three burly forms against tho door, and kicked at It with their heavy boote, until it fell in wards with a crack end a crash- Instantly there seemed a crash of foal nir.to go past tliem, as if it was eager to leavo itho-'y place where it had been lodged, and it carried an odor with it that mado Mercy turn pale, feel faint and tremble. It was the smcll of blood. " Oil, Heaven I" she exclaimed, "what hqs;" bnpponod.7. ;£ Why -db,;I feel so torrifiod ? My father— is ho-- — > . Sho stopped short at the awful thought nndapprp ached the 'doorway. But ono of the mon- took ber band and led her a littlo distanco away, and told hcr/to irsit Cdown and recover bereeJf, while tlioy went in to seo what might be tho matter. And so Mercy est there, all in a trcmblo and ashy pale, expecting mottling but the worst. - , , ' She could hear' stifled exclamations from .within, land then whispers between the men as if they . were advising one another not 'to 'cnll her in. If I had : been tlint poor-girl sitting there, I would hnvo jumped rup'Bhd.'a'hrieked and ran for my life. But Morcy Gray wns not of my kind. r:\\. "I felt," sho told hiqoftenrards, "as if something wero to that door. It accmed as if all my bodily strcngth', had loft;, me, end "as if that thing' which wq? . collingrme' had given ma a superhuman' jstrchgtk to oboy it'.- A Iv-rqsd :np- alinokt;' without knowing it, and glided towards' the door .with.a febling' tbat -I-was being carried there. At the door I stepped, and! think that there one ' of the men came 'out :to load' m'e away. But I did not see him.;_thcro. was. only, one thing in tho room that I could discern. That was l my poor father. He was lcaoing back, in his ebair, nnd all over bis white jacket there seemed to bo tho etain of some thing red. That something red had drippod down to the floor and formed a little pool thero. -And. then it 'seemed that tho power that;; had brought me there torsook me/ori'd' Iftnow no jnpra" I thought, when I heartl'dll aboattke awfnl affair thqt day,,, that, it was -a terribla timo'ior poor 'Mercy.' Grey, But'-it Was not' 1od&' before I found thoM'iIwns: somothing-'niuch - worse iii storo for her.,thnnr thnt.;' Her father, sitting. in his mill, with several heaps of coin beside 'him, ' lind been foully mur dered. .Frdm'Thb' appearance of- the money it lind not been disturbed, sod tho murderer muet bars . escaped from tlio door, which ho bad.locked behind him. And ; tlio. people of Brieitown, finding not tbo least- clew to tlio mur dered, actually began. .to' suspect Mercy 'Gray. - An 'i hhgel from , heaven would tlintM (lAttn onMi'.fir/TSn,i'JP' olio it. lint I don't bclioyq-; n'n angcl -conld bars yioed 'iritjr.thxJqaJmqcss .ihat-shs did. two thinjjs tiiby-: had "found -in ber bed room, nnd. whicii.'thoy iahqwed-'to her, ;Onb,wns'. 'a blbodrBtBmiidAl'nife, which .had been flahg.;'ner'iher ' lled; aud the othertliqkay.pf'f hq.'doofpl, thebid ipilJ, bureau. Bnt as all rcnsonnbie-pqoply could see tlint.tho mhrdored'mlglit'hevo thrown them there in order to littaclj .tbo.blaw.ikte-JIercy.ihcy- woiiliL.neyer hnvo beon" enough "tqco.nvict heir, i It was the testiinbuy of my oivn daughter, ;Mary, and another woman, that brought along with- tba'-' Other the verdict; of "Guilty." | j Ohj liow 'shall -I forget tbo monfent when that awful 'verdict'. 'was' rendered J Tho trial had been held in a larger and iieigiibouringTo'irri, and- tflo court was .crowded with,- sympathetic: people, j I was in .tears 'all ; through ', if, and: could see nobody in" tfipTOijinhirt'.tiiatl srjeet nnd heavenly farejn'th'o prieoncra box, until my daughter , was . brought ; upon the. witudBs-staDd.' Now, Mary wae married and.Hved awayi from me, and it hnppone'd that I had not heard that she had any teatimony to give.: But when 1 saw. ber thcro I Was olmbst euro that slio wob about to givo some evidence ' in the prisoner's favour. . tiho and ; Mercy had alwayabee'p great friende together. So I dried my teors and listened to her ; hut fato, it seemed, was swinging the cyi- , donee "all tho other way,; : '> 1 ' " I give "my testimony," said my dauglitor ".against iriy door friend, Mercy Gray, with tho fervent hope that I way liavo beon dreaming Or out of fny .mind whonY bow' what I 'did £ hut' although this -is soj'I fool as if, were I hot to tell about it, tho ghost of that old man would hnunt mo and I should ever feel guilty and ' niisorablo. ' This is my testimony ; On tlio night of tho murdor, or rather in tho morning, I awoko and found the bright moonbeams shining on my bed, 1 thought I would get up and draw the window-curtains, nnd I stood for a' mo ment looking out upon tho scene. Mr, Gray's cottage is nearly opposite to my husband's, and as I stoop there I saw — may Heaven forgive mo for seeing it I I saw tho rear door open slowly, and a figure, all in white come out. I could not discern Iho features wliilo it moved slowly in the shadow of the house, but when it reached tho clear moonlight, I at onco recognized the faco and form of Mercy Gray. She walked slowly over to the old mill and disappeared within its ' 'shadow. With much wonder about it, 1 I drew back tlio curtains and crept back into bed ; and when in tlio morning I heard of tlio murdor, and thought over tho strnngo occurrence, I wns filled with : fear and horror. After this startling testimony my daughter was erma-tftmtfetieA in every war, hat htl only Ih# s met story to tell Then thxt oil m srottnm of whom J .epote west it/rough the seme thing, She had teen sitting with her sick child, and sm the 0if go over to the wiJJ exactly as my tlsry bed safJ, And then Merey torn »p irotn her s ret, and frith » vo'm end nfstimr afmost super- nature), denied if ell, Shesekl that she bad nsrer Imn mt ell the t night, hut had slept sound!/ en d 'fmeefdity in her mom, AM as I fcrdred at her and lis tened, I hit/ M'mnt her ; and ttheti 1 bad fees rd (mothers Ihed believed thom too. And so with ihet strange way of helie/mg that some here, 1 Mured the t she had b em there end that she had mt. Anyhow, hlereyereseoMtttexi, Ever spyrmh more testimony enliute metiers ms brought to (wove her guilt, her object bring primarily, ft rns alleged, to maps the lmd lite she was living frith her father, %he tree to he shut np fn the old mill for e fortnight , and then : to .he imprisoned for 1iU> She merer was put into prison, however, for Site has eseeped from the teiil, es you will soon see, A few years afterwards, when the wreteh that eommiUed the murder, crazy with remorse, eowfeeied It ail and was fmng, tiie people of L'riortow n wets CteJ with the greatest regret and sorrow, lb gy then tensed irt her grave, and often mm to plant sweet flowers om it, But ali tiret never did e bit of good to poor Mercy Grey, : 'iYemg Arthur Olden, s» might he supposed, was plunged into the Steps at despair, Jfe bad grown so thin and toAomdoohing in the short time after the murder, that 1 would ehed tears when ! taw him, When my poor Urd bad been caged up in that horrible old mill, the emul scene of the murder, for three days, Arthur, with another daring young men, determined to enter the mill. ,»»d effect lier release. Only it crezy man would hare thought of such a thing, and ire was erazy with despair. Bo one ciondy night he placed a ladder against tire mill, and climbed up to the littiibaicony that ran around the ton of it. In one vises the fence up there was broken down, and a heedless person could easily bare fallen off, " We must break this tteor in,'! mid Arthur, as they crept around to tiie little, low entrance to the balcony, " It is fraildoohing and we need not make a noise," AM so they went at it with their knives, and with sneeese, too, i for the wood. amaM 'the leek ««£> damp pud rotten ;witb age' ami the rant that hnd bfioragalnst iti ft soon yielded, and they were about to go softly helow, f,llarkt" whispered (tie other, "1 limp a cresking sound as f hougfr some OneTfere, coming upifcs stairs, <Let as. creep hack outsits the' door aud see what it Is 1" rptemMing with excitement and » gho/pip dread, -tiiey pyeted through the doorway »M watelm the room .within,. On the winding staircase there'esme a figure, riad in white, slowly up—Iderey Gray, with her long, Mack hair Ming down and about ber epectwl forni Her dark brown eye is were wide, wide bp ehj ,hnt oh, like Xr/riy Macbeth, their wnttwas shut, ffbe was walking la uyF'fiWFft npwtwot w»y srro kwoq » 'moment, and felt ttjwlth herhaadt,' Hhe ahndfer&l;, and tfmi she spoke : , 'f&Cdmy; .it. otl,;: I never was out that night,. ' 'jf.tiypt soundly and pence- fnily i/j my had unilll morning, 1 ' She psused » moment, and then 'psfesedbnt the doorway, '"The two ter- rifiqd spectators were as immorahte as the rorifs. Mow ami ahont tue mill,; lliey'leere, asyoir h arc often heen, in a nightmare, and couhl not more, ahead towards her, Sire gave a sigh litre the aigh oi death, and passed slowly before. thrtrmpf con to the broken place in the fene0%AM there, .oh,. If earm shore t they saw her glide onwards and , fall off, and gutter down to the sharp, cr uel rocks ffimr Arthur Olden entirely 1ml his eenseshefore lier funeral was over, and bad to-be , jwt into an asylum where 'sheriff afterwards, he died, 'And now, although,, my /pjro girt has hern gone these rtmny years abp fa still :alive in the;' 'memory' Of alt who knew list j .".and, yet," eery rarely will! you heat - any:, dm speak about, or tell the rm,, ml story oi Mercy Gray, In our next— '"flic 'fy rone temper," 