""The Passing of Queenl Chlo e. Last of a royf race, shee stood Upou the village street, hrho Her black head iddenin her hood And bare her broad black feet, Yet wore she as become a queen Her old and tattered bosobazine. A ryad of the mourning woods . :o" Was she. The years went by And'left her as a sreck the floods Leave stranded high anid dry : In fact, tile woods, give her her due, No dryer Dryand ever knew. . - Not all her kindred's kIingly dust, Her sires' residuum, ' Would in the township get her trust For one poor pint of rum. So have thle mighty fallen: so Has fled the faith of long ago. Thoe was whlen, taddy-weaponed, they, ' The ,naked clicfs of old, WVould never mention trust or pay, Or talk of bought or sold, But simlly seize their beef and bread, And leave the station-cook for dead. Alas ! those good old days are gone, ' :. As all good things go here- Where is the head that sat upon = Our Melbourne brewer's beer? You lift your glass, that white head sinks The same lawlevels days and drinks. And so, like a squat silhouette . Etched out against the sky, She stood until the sun had set, As sober and as dry; Thinking how former sunis had sunk, And left her noble fathers drunk. Till with her musings mixed a sound SOf liusic deftly mtade, By him wlho kept thle yillageo pound And Lydian measures played. Tihe instrumnent hlie tlondered oi \Vas the sublime sccordio:i It was a wild iuneiiarthly air . WVith a most liendich fall- A mixturo of the "Over there," Anid the "DeaRd Marchl in 'atul." I wonder it did.nlot exhlume - Thie maestro from hIis mouldy tomb. The way hlie lhandled Handel's art sia a larim sight to sea, It fetche sieimple savage heart Of liher Black Majesty; lor in thast very time and l place She lheard tile dead isrchl of hlier race. Amid saw the dark procession pass- : Prophet and sage snid seer- A s who sees darkly tlrough a glass Of brandy, or of beer.o Each bransdiohed in his handi full free A bottle as in mockery. Her head drooped lowver on le?r breast; Her'pipe dropped from hlier jaws. The ghosts filed by. The last sne pressed Upon his fellbw.. Pauise, 0 teader, here, for liere sle died" To swell tlhat grim procession's pride. What smorul They buried c her fil deep Out where the wild dog cries, : And kangaroo cosie there to weep, And 'possunis pipe their eyes. In torrid thirst she passed away- She ihad to die to f e-t her clay - " AniRCE. ; 