SPORTING NOTEB. EVENTS TO COME. MOUNT GAMHIRH,-July 1 and 2. Nominations, Juno 8, Welghta, Juno 18, Acooptancos, June S6. Night of Rcnoral entry, Juno SO, PORTLAND.-May 1 and 8. Weight*, April 24. Tho South Australian Joolcoy Club in augurated ft now ora jn thojf racing history when they determined to run tlioir Cup meeting at Flemington instead of Morphet villo. For their opening day the Club were favored with fine weather, but tho attend anoo was not so largo as anticipated, In two of tho evonta compriaedin tho programme for tho day tho fields wero good, but in tho three other races five wna tho maximum. This number bonatitutod tlie field for the First Hurdloraoe, for whioh Old Soul was made tho favorite, Sir Patrick took a strong load in tho last quarter of a mile, but, tiring towards the finish, Old Soul, had he not boon ' staggered for an instant in smashing through the panels of tho last hurdle, muBt have oaught him instead of being beaten by a neck, Echo was third. Only three-Silver King, The Broker, and Soanaal-saddled for the St. Leger, but tho betting seemed to indioate that all three wero lookod upon with some favour. Silver King, who had already won two Legers, was backed at as nearly aa possible even money, but as It was the opinion of many that The Broker would liavo beaten him in Sydney but for a stumble, tho host oddB against the ohesnut wore G to .!. Soandal mado the paoo, and with such effect that at one time It seemed I improbable that either of the colts would catoh her. The South Australian mare galloping low, and with a long even stride, kept tho load until tho home turn was gained, whoa tho paco told, and soou tho othoy pair were raoing alongside, In tho race to tho judge's box Silver King at firat looked liko winning, but' tho ^Broker had most paeo in reserve, and catching tho favourite within a hundred yards of tho post kept a bare head in advanoe for the rest of the journey. The wholo history of the race whioh was run on Saturday for tho 20th time, hns been one of small fiolds, seven horses in the year 1856 being the greatest number ever saddled for the event, There been IQ folds of five eaah, wvfl wee haa on six ocoaaiona been limited to three horaea, whilst last year it was reduced to a match, Next came tno Goodwood Handicap, the bigraceofthoday, forwhioh twonty horses started. Topaz was considered the pick of the lot, after which in publio estimation oame St. Lawrence and Lord Wilton. The lightly-weighted Lantern, who waa generally regarded as most leniently troated, waa baoked to win a fair stake, but his confor mation did not take the fanoy of many good judges, Hia weight, however, Cat, 121bs., in a mile racc, waa but a feather. Ho had tho good fortune to got clear of the ruck, too, for soon after the word " go" waa given, he went away with a bound and was nover oaught again, and won easily by three lengths, Lord Wilton beat The Ghost by a head for second place, South Australia thus got first and second, Lantern haa won several minor raoes in South Australia, but this waa the first time he gained a prominent position in a big race, Whatever chance Topaz may have had, waa lost by hia delay at the start-a fault whioh cost him over a dozen lengths. He was with the leadora again half-way round, but after that was never seen again in the front rank, Tho Sires' Produce Stakes waa simply a question of whioh of three Gang Forward youngsters waa the best, and tho publio settled the matter beforehand by unanimously aolecting Sir T. Eider's handsome filly Juanna, who waa backed at odds of 4 to 1 on her. Juanna proved that her ability waa oqual to her good looks by galloping away from llemuB and Tiie Teaoher. Eightoon horses made on ex cellent field for tho Victoria Handioap, which fell to the speedy Pyrette, Honora and Meander gaining plaoe honora. The runaway victory of Lantern on Satur day last in tho Goodwood Handicap waa another instance of the unintentional mistakes made now and again by handioappsrs in framing the weights for an important raoe, True it is that tho provious form of the South Australian was not at first eight good enough, nor the company ho'Successfully ran amongat any sufficient line, to warrant Mr, Barnard in being aevore with him, but a glance at his performances will Bhow he haa invariably been oalled upon to oarry big weights. The name Lantern does not appear in tho Turf Register aa a two or three year old. Last year he was out soven times, on four oooasiona^earning winning braokots, namoly, in tho Maiden Plato, at Wontworth; the Flying Handioap, at the Bameplaoe three months later, as ako the Ladies' Trophy and Free Handioap, At the Adelaide Raoing Club meeting ho waa unplaced to Topaz in the City Handioap, of ono milo, tho winner oarrying 121b, more, and he lias, moreover, finianed a long way behind Gymkhana, Lantern was introduced into the betting laat Monday, when ho waa baoked to win both tho the Goodwood Handicap and Adelaide Cup for all the money in tho market at 60 to 1, after whioh 33 to 1 was tho moat liberul offer, For Saturday's race the respeotablo price of 10 to 1 has always been obtainable, The oonneotione of tho gelding are understood to have netted several thousand through his success, and they oan now have splendid hedging for the Cup in the doubles, for whioh latter event 4 to 1 was taken freely on Saturday night, The IFarrnamhool Standard has the follow ing i-"Mr, P, Laurie, tho owner of Guard fish, the winnor of the Handioap Hurdleraco on Tuesday, has given £10 of the prize money, whioh amounted to 80 sova,, to be distributed among the looal oharitiea, Mr. Laurie haa set an example whioh is worthy of imitation." The aoceptancea for tho Portland handi caps will be found in another column, A London telegram gives ua the result of one of the great spring handioapB, the City and Suburban, whioh waa run at Epsom on Wednesday laat. Mr, H, E, Tidy'a bay oolt Bird of Freedom was the hero of the occa sion. MaoMahon and Woodlark were second and third. The Earl of Sheffield has intimated that if the publio will aubsoribo £4,400 towardB tho £5,000 'required for the purchase of the Sussex county oricket ground at Hove, Brighton, by the end of January, he will contribute tne balance of £600. The com mittee, who are making strenuous efforts to secure this convenient aite aa a permauenoy, have already received promises to the extent of £3,000. A six days' roller skating matoh was re oently held In New York, The winnor, a lad of eighteen, made 1,000 miles in 142 1 hoursj the Beoond made 1,025 j the third, 1 1,022) the fourth, 1,000, The number of miles soored created muoh surprise in sport- 1 ingoirolesr . 