S.A.J.C. RACES. The Steeplechase Day. (FROM OCR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) | Tuesday. -xbe Adelaide meeting was wound up to-day, with some glorious weather and good lacing, hut the attendance was only moderate. Echo won the Hurdle Race, after an exciting finish with Tattler. The Ladies' Bracelet resulted in a victory for Remus, East Lynne and Miles, two of the other light weights, filling the posi tions. Only three came to the post for the Steeplechase, and th« favorite, Cole brook, who jumped beautifully, had no difficulty in winning. There was not a Bingle mistake made throughout the race. The Charity Plate was won cleverly by First Pop, and St John carried off the S.A.J.C. Handicap, beating 19 others. The following are details :— Sec^XD Huedle Race. A handicap sweep stakes of 5 to vs. each, for starters with 100 tors added. About ]'- miles. It. C. Talbot's ch g Echo, aged, IOst lib (Corrigaii) ... 1 R. Phillips* ch m Tattler, Gvrs, 9st 101b (Hoht) " . . 2 T,. G- IVricht's br m Minerva, fiyrs, 10=t Sib(M*Leod) .. 3 Cockboat and Yellow Hammer were the only other starters. Betting—2 to 1 Minerva, 5 to 2 Echo, 4 to 1 Tattler, 10 to 1 Cockboat and Yellow Hammer. Ladies* Beacelet.—A handicap race for all horses nominated by ladies only. First horse, a bracelet value 100 guineas; second horse, a bracelet value 50 guineas. Acceptance 1 so v., at scale* One mile. Miss A- B. Cook's ch c Hemes, 2yr?, 6sfc 61b. inclnding 2lbs overweight (Ciack neli) - — 1 Mrs B. Allen's b Z Hast Lynne, 3yrs, 6st Sib {EL Brown) ... 2 Mrs Al Davies' b g Miles, 4yrs, 6st 71b (Davie?) — 3 Middlemarch, Lantern,The Gfaoat,Meteor, Anglesey, Ringmaster, Duenna, Ace, Capri, Country jBoy—Olivette, Forlorn Hope.. Lacby Hit." and Distillery Mao smarted. Betting ;:4 to T Lantern, 6 to 1 Remus, S to 1 The Ghost, Middlemarcb, and Conntry Boy, 10 to 15 to 1 others. Remus and Lantern showed in front in the early part of the race, bnt at the sheds Conntry Boy was in -front, Lantern and Ringmaster showing at the head of the others. Hast Lynne led into the straight, bnt after a good finish, was beaten almost i on the post by Remus Ly a neck, Miles third. Time, Imin. 44feec. Steeplechase.—A handicap sweepstakes of 10 soys each for starters, with 200 soys added ; second horse to receive 50 sevs; and the third 20 sovs from the stake. About three miles. M. Loughlin's ch h Colebrook, aged, 10st (Scobie) * A. F. Sullivan's b g Songster, aged, list 41b (Batty) - O. Glasscock's brg Blackthorn, aged, 12st 31b(M4Leod) others went. Betting—5 to 4 on Colebrook, 6 to against Blackthorn, 4 to 1 Songster.' Blackthorn led during the first round, and was then supplanted by Colebrock, who was in front nntil the Railway bridge was reached where be-gave way to Blackthorn. There was an interesting race from the Abattoirs to tie straight between Oolebrook and Blaak thora, but the heavy weight then told, and the latter dropped back- The result was a win for Colebrock by three or four lengths from Songster- Blackthorn a bad third Time, 7min 21f *ec. The Charity Pirate, of 100 sovs. For 2 yrs old and upwards. Weight for age, with selling reductions- The wiener to be sold for £150 (any suTp'us to be devoted to Melbourne charities. Seven fnrlcngs. J. Jones* b f First Pop (£100), 2yrs, Cst Sib, (Brown) 1 FT, TothiUVch h Surprise (£50), 4yrs S-*t (Dayman) J. Wilson's ch c Hampstead (£50), 2yrs, 6st 31b (Page) ... 3 Albanns was the only other starter, Tiiania bolting back to the jockey just as the flag fell, and getting rid of her rider D.tly, who was, however, only slightly hurt. Hampstead kd to the Abbatoirs, where he was supplanted by Surprise, who led the field along by the training gronnd in advance of Hampstead- Before the tarn into the straight was reached, the other two closed up, and First Pop coming away won by a 1 couple of lengths from Surprise, Hampstead about the same distance tixj third. Time, lmin 31^3ec. There was no bid for the winner. S.A. J.C. Handicap.—A sweepstakes of 7 sovs. each for starters, with 200 sovs. added. Second horse to receive 50 sovs. from the stake. For three years old and upwards. One mile and a quarter. C- H. T. Hart's br h St. John, 4yrs, 7st oib (Flannagan) ... 1 "M. Longblins b g Britisher, 6yrs, 7st 01b, (Fallon) ~ ... 2 j A. Halinbourg's b h St. Lawrence, 4y.'s, j 7st 121b (Sanders) 3 \ The other starters were—Bingwood, Corio lanus, Camerine, Piansible, Topaz, Lord Wilton, Anchorite, St. Lawrence, Hazard, Grace Darling, Velocipede, Duration, Baby, Impulse, Marie Louise, Forlorn Hope, Meat i more, Gohanna. , Betting—6 to 1 agat Britisher, S to 1 agst Bingwood. Liord Wilton, Marie Louise, and Mentmore, 10 to 1 agst St. John aiid others. Duration made the running to the turn where he gave tray to Topas. In the straight St. John came and won by a length and half from Britisher, - who only beat St. Lawrence by a head for second place. Time, 2mm. Sf^ee. 