An Australian *GhDst Story. One Christmas 1 received an invitation'to itay a few weeks at a schoolfellow's farm up in the north of Gippsland, 00 J packed up my traps with alacrity, and in less than twelve hours. presented, myself at Jack Draper's farm. While seated at tea that night and making myself thoroughly at home, 1 noticed a look of care on the face of my friend quite foreign to his jovial nature. On my inquiring the cause he pointed out of the window—opening towards the mountains, at the foot of which Tandibaw was situated, a remarkably lonely and isolated position—to a hutwhichhad an appearance of desolation and disuse about it, standing alone iii the field at some dis tance from, the house, and rapidly growing dim in the.increasing twilight. "That hut is the, bane of. my existence, Will," he said. " You know I have not lpng taken Tandibaw, and I'm afraid I shall have, to leave it." " Why, what's the matter with the hut?" I inqui«d, "It looks a good enough sort of. placaexcept that its ventilation is on rather too Rtensive a scale,' and that it' wants a new roof and the sides renewed,", " Ah I you may laugh, young man—please pass the bread—but .I'm. hanged if 1 can. There's some ghastly'Story of the occupant-' of that hut having been murdered by a former owner of Tandibaw, .and-it's never been opened since then. J have the key, but it's no use to mte,. for. I .wouldn't go inside.'' . "W-liy, Jack—another cup of t a, please ' —you're surely;not superstitious ?" :.;i " No— 0—" he returned; f but the plaice is J said to be-haunted, and what I have seen is calculated to make me-£o. Sometimes,-, in - the darkness of a still, clear nighty the most, appalling yells and shrieks .Come from that hut. Once I peeped in through the chinks of the door, determined to''-investigate the matter. I saw in one corner of the hut a great white -figure, with two eyes gleaming through the gloom. It uttered some un earthly words, gave a scream, and I cleared. Now none of my follows—and they're pretty hardy—will [go near the place'after night fall for love or money. It's getting perfectly unbearable.".. I said it was very strange, but expressed Utter disbelief in. any ghost- connivance, < upon which he informed me that it had been quiet for .some nights, and eo I might hear it that night or ihe next.- When it had grown dark and the tea things were cleared away, "We left the window open and sat down to a game of draughts. -1 was just about to move in the third game; when, softened by the distance, but distinct and clear, came a shrill, sharp cry from the direction of the. hut, which eo startled me- that I- involun tarily tipped the board «ver- and scattered the men alL over the floor. . "What did I tell you-?" said Jack, with the pride of a professional showman who has a real- live ghost to exhibit to his visitors. I ran to the window and listened, but heard n~> more. Draughts were now out of the question, and for the rest of the evening I sat thoughtful and silent. When bedtime arrived I considerably startled my friend by coolly saying—"Jack, I'm going to sleep in that hut to-night." " You—are—wha—«t?" said Jack, with as aspect of horror. " I'm going to Bleep in that hut to-night," I repeated. "well, of all the extraor—- -Oh i I say, yon know, are yon stark mad ?" " No," I answered. " I'm in my properest tenses, or I shouldn't think of such a thing." After a long time of vain dissuasion Jack gave in, remarking, sotto voce, that he sup posed infants and maniacs had to have their own way, and we sallied forth, he with one half of the bedding and a lantern, I with the other half, a thick stick, and a ball of twine; for I had my own ideas regarding the ghost. The news ,of my somewhat quixotic in tention had spread through the house, and quite a number ot.farm-hands had gathered in the porch to gee, me off. At a little dis tance from the hiiFl took the bundle which my friend had been carrying, also the lan tern and the key, and forbade anyone coining further with me ; and after trying once more to dissuade me from my purpose and finding it as useless as before, Jack bade me a sorrowful good night,.with the comfort ing assurance that he never expected to see me alive again. He saw me enter and close the door, and then hurriedly returned to the honse. 1 will now continue the story with Jack's own words in detailing the denouement to a party of friends some days after. After spending—says Jack—a restless and almost sleepless night I arose with early dawn, and, by dint of great persuasion, induced some of the bands to accopip^ny me to the hut, ■where I fully expected to 6ee my friend stretched dead with fright. I advanced , to the door, threwit open, and there—Jack was wont to exclaim with a burst of astonish ment—there he lay on his mattress, sound asleep and Bnoring, as if he had been in his own bed at home instead of in a worm-eaten, ghost-haunted hut 1 An old grey cockatoo, firmly fastened by a cord tied round his leg to the bar of a chair,-was meditating on one leg with an appearance of great shame facedness at being found in a position of I dishonorable captivity, and occasionally threw out some disconnected remarks rela tive to Polly requiring hiB morning repast, and " Pop goes the weasel,'1 as if they were extenuating circumstancess for his having been circumvented. WhilevI gazed in mys tified surprise, Will woke, and yawningly inquired—" Whash time ?" until he became sufficiently awake to comprehend his situa tioi and to remember the adventures of the kt, when be sat up, and pointing to the Band directing my attention at the Bame IMa a sheet, which, though yellow with >g£MHd yet btill retaining some of its ftistiue whiteness, hung from a rafter in the corner of the hut, "Tliere," he laughingly ttid, "there's your ghost 1" This bird was the great pet of his murdered master, and on his death nightly returned 'trough a hoty in the roof to the place which tad been his home. His: appearance,, com lined with the long draped sheet above riiich he perched, gave rise to the supposi Joa that it was a gliost, while his screaniB ad the utterance of the few words he bad s&rncd; to say were taken for the mutter Igs of a being from the nether world. Jack, tho had bpen originally a town mouse, until •- purchased Tandibaw (from a fancied lik "g for farming), knew, comparatively, noth ?g o£ bush life, birds, etc., and was, there-' ire more easily deceived than I, my life wing been spent in the country until I 'as compelled to change it for an existence i the metropolis. On first hearing of the Ishost," 1 had my suspicions, but forebore to ration them till able to convert them into ■ttainties. Having retired to my "Bleeping /Wtment," I found the bird asleep, thus en 'ling me to capture it, bold it as a hostage, obtain a night's rest, quite contrary to 'I expectation and prophecy. Many a pica lot day I spent at Tandibaw after this, and |;f owner has no idea of disposing of it now. b a stand next the fire, in winter, and in p porch in the sunny summer, reposing in hold age, perches the terrible "guost" of toner days, 