CARRISTON'S CIFr. TOLD BY PHILIP BRAND, M.D., LONDON. PART I. CHAPTER III. BY THE LATE HUGH CONWAY. In the spring of 1865 I went do wn to Bournemouth to see, for the last time, an old friend who was dying of consumption. During a great part of the journey down I had for a travelling companion a well-dressed gentlemanly man of about 40 years of age. We were alone in the compartment, and after interchanging some small civilities, such as the barter of newspapers, slid into conversation. Sly fellow-traveller seemed to be au intellectual man, and well posted up in the doings of the day. He talked fluently and easily on various topics, and judging by his talk must have moved in good society. Although I fancied his features bore trace 3 of hard living and dissipation, he was not unprepossessing in appearance. The greatest faults in his iu.ee were the remarkable thinness of the lii s, and his eyes being a shade closer together than one cares to see. With a casual acquaintance such peculiarities are of little moment, but for my part I should not choose for a friend one who possessed them without due trial and searching proof. Atthistimethe Englishpublic were much i u- terested in an important will case which was then being tried. The reversion to a vast Bum of money depended upon the testator's sanity or insanity. Like most other people we duly discussed the matter. I suppose, from some of my remarks, my companion understood that I was a doctor. _ He asked me a good many technical questions, and I described several curious cases of mania which had come under my .notice. He seemed greatly interested in the subject. " You must sometimes find it hard to say where eanity ends and insanity begins," he said thoughtfully. " Yes. The boundary-line is in some instances hard to define. To give in such a dubious case an opinion which would satisfy myself I should want to have known the patient at the time he was considered quite sane." " To mark the difference ?" " Exactly. And to know the bent of Lhe character. For instance, there is a friend of mine. _ He was perfectly sane when last I saw him, but for all I know he may have made gr^at progress the other way in the interval." ' Then without mentioning names, dates, or places, I described Carriston's peculiar disposition to my intelligent listener. He heard me with rapt interest. " You predict he will go mad ?"' he said. " Certainly not. Unless anything unforeseen arises hs will probably live and die as sane as you or I." " Why do you fear for him, then ?" " For this reason. I think that any sudden emotion—violent grief for instance—any unexpected and crushing blow might at once disturb the balance of his mind. Let his life run on in an even groove, and all will be well with him." My companion was silent for a few moments, " Did you mention your friend's name ?" he asked. I laughed. "Doctors never give names when they quote cases." At the next station my companion left the train. He bade me a polite adieu, aad thanked me for the pleasure my conversation had given him. After wondering what statist; 'yi life he occupied I dismissed hiin fri .i. my mind, as one. who had crossed my path for a short time and would probably never cross it again. Although I did not see Charles Carrist-on I received several letters from him during the course of the year. He had not forgotten our undertaking to pass my next holiday together. Early in the autumn, just as I was beginning to long with a passionate longing ft-r open air aud blue skies, a letter cxiiie JroaCarriston. Be was now, he-said, rough iog it in the Western Highlands. He re- -mkfcded me -of last year's promise. Could I get away from work now ? Would I join him ? If I did not care to visit Scotland would I suggest-Bome other place where he could join me ? Still, the scenery by which he was now surrounded was superb, and the accommodation he.hadsecured,if notluxurious, fairly comfortable. He thought we could not do better. A postcript to his letter asked me to address him as Cecil Carr, not Charles Carriston. He had a reason for changing his name—a foolish -reason I should no doubt call it. When we met he would let me •know it. This letter at onoe decided me to accept his invitation. In a week's time my arrangements for leave of absence were complete, .and I was speeding northwards in the highest spirits, and well- equipped with everything neoeesary for jn-y favourite holiday pursuit. 1 looked forward with the greatest pleasure to again meeting Carriston. i found him Callendar waiting for me. The coach did sot follow the route we were obliged to take in order to reach the somewhat unfrequented uart of the country in which our tent was pitched, so my friend had secured the services of a primitive vehicle and a strong shaggy pony to bear us the remainder of the journey. So soon as our first hearty greetings were over I proceeded to asoertain ho^v the last year had treated Carriston. I was both delighted and aetocished at the great change for the better which had taken place iu his manner no less than his appearance. He looked far more robust; he seemed happier, brighter—altogether more like ordinary humanity. K ot only had he greeted me with almost boisterous glee, but during our drive through the wonderful scenery he was in the gayest spirits and full of fun and anecdote. I congratulated him heartily upon the maiked improvement in his health, both mentally and physically. " Yes, I am much better," he said. " I followed a pai s of your advice—gave up moping, tried constant change of scene, interested myself in many more things. I am quite a aiherent man." "No supernatural visitations?" I asked, anxious to learn that his cure in that direction was complete. His face fell. He hesitated a second before answering. "No—not now," he said. " I fought against the strange feeling, and I believe have got rid of it—at least 1 hope so." I said no more on the subject. Carriston plunged into a series of vivid and mimetic descriptions of the varieties of Scotch character which he had met with during his stay. He depicted his experiences so amusingly that I laughed heartily for many a mile. " But why the change in your name ?" I asked, when he paused for a moment in his merry talk. He blushed, and looked rather ashamed. " 1 scarcely like to tell you ; you will think my reason so absurd." "Never mind. I don't judge you by the ordinary standard." " Well, the fact is, my cousin is also in in Scotland. I feared if I gave my true name at the hotdl at which I stayed on my way here, he might by chance see it, and look me up in these wild regions." " Well, and what if he did ?" _ " I can't tell you. I hate to know I feel like it-. But I have always, perhaps without cause, been afraid of him—and this place is horribly loDely." Now that I understood the meaning of his words I thought the boy must be joking; but the grave look on his face showed he was never further from merriment. "Why, Carriston," I cried, "yon are positively ridiculous about your cousin. You can't think the man wants to murder you." " I don't know what I think. I am saying things to you which I ought not to say; but every time I meet him I feel he hates me, and wishes me oat of the world." " Between wishing and doing there is a great difference. I a are say all this is fancy on your part." " Perhaps so. Anyway, Cecil Carr is as good a name up here as Charles Carriston, so please humour my whim and say no more about it" As it made no difference to me by what name he chose to call hinself 1 dropped the subject. I knew of old that some of his strange prejudices were proof against anything I could do to remove them. At last we reached our temporary abode. It was a substantial, low-built house, owned and inhabited by a thrifty middle- aged widow, who, although well-to-do so far as the simple ideas of her neighbours went, was nevertheless always willing to add to her resources by accommodating such stray tourists as wished to bury themselves for aday or two in solitude, or artists who, like ourselves, preferred to enjoy the beauties of Nature undisturbed by the usual eobing and flowing stream of sightseers. As Carriston asscrttd, the acommodation, it homely, was good en- iiigh for two single men ; the fare wa3 pleiitiiul, aud our rooms were the picture of clean liness. After a cursory inspection I felt sure that I could for a few weeks make myself very happy in these quarters. 1 had not been twenty-four hours in the house before I found out one reason for the I great change for the better in Charles Carriston's demeanour; knew why his step was lighter, his eye brighter, his voice gayer, and his whole bearing altered. Whether the rep son was a subject for congratulation or not I could not as yet say. The boy was in love; in love as only a paesoniate, romantic, Imaginative nature can be; and even then only once in a lifetime. Heedless, headstrong, impulsive, and entirely his own master, he had given his very heart soul into the keeping of a woman. CHAPTER IV. That a man of Carriston's rank, breeding, and refinement should meet his fate within the walls of a lonely farmhouse beyond the Trossachs seems incredible. One would s:arcely expect to find among such humble surroundings a wife suitable to a man of his stamp. And yet when I saw the woman who bad won him I neither wondered at the conquest nor did I blame him for weakness. I made the great discovery on the morning after my arrival. Eager to taste the freshness of the morning air, I rose betimes and went for a short stroll. I returned, and whilst standing at the door of the house was positively startled by the beauty of a girl who passed ine and entered as if she were a regular inhabitant of the place. Not a rosy Scotch lassie, such as one would expect to find indigenous lo the soil, but a slim, graceful girl, with delicate classical features: a girl with a mass of knotted light hair, yet with the apparent anomaly, dark eyes, eyelashes, and eyebrows—a combination which, to my mind, makes a style of beauty rare, irresistible, and dangerous above all others. The features which filled the exquisite oval of her face were refined and faultless. Her complexion was pale, but its pallor in no way suggested anything save perfect health. To cut my enthusiastic description short, I may at once say it has never been my good fortune to cast my eyes on a lovelier creature than on this young girl. Although her dress was of the plainest and simplest description, no one could have mistaken her for a servant; and much as I admire the bonny, healthy Scotch country lassies, I felt sure that mountain air had never reared a being of this ethereally beautiful type. As she passed me I raised my hat instinctively. She gracefully bent her golden head, and bade me a quiet but unembarrassed" Good morning." My eyes followed her until she vanished at the end of the dark passage which led to the back of the house. Even during the brief glimpse I et;joyed of this fair unknown a strangeideaoccui e i tome. There was a remarkable likeness between her delicate features and those, scascf'y less delicate, of Carriston. This resemb:.-.:imay have added to the interest the girl's appearance awoke in my mind. Anyway I entered our Eitting-room and, a prey to curiosity and, perhaps, hunger, awaited with much imatience the appearance of Carriston—and Er reakfast. The former arrived first. Generally speaking he was afoot long before I was, but this morning we had reversed the usual order of things. As soon as I saw him I cried, " Carriston, tell me at once who is the lovely girl I met outside.—an angel with dark eyes and golden hair. Is she staying here like ourselves?" A look of pleasure flashed into his eyes—a look which pretty well told me everything. Nevertheless he answered as carelessly as if such lovely young women were as common to the mountain-side as rocks and brambles. " I expect you mean MISB Rowan : a niece of our worthy landlady. She lives with her." " She cannot be Scotch with such a face and eyes." " Half and half. Her farther was called an Englishman ; but was, I believe, of French exti action. They say the name was originally Kohan " Carriston seemed to have male close enquiries as to MiBS Rowan's parentage. " But what brings her here?" I asked. " She has nowhere else to go. Rowan was an artist. He married a sister of our hostess's, and bore her away from her native laud. Seme years ago Bhe died, leaving this ov:e daughter. Last year the father died, penniless, they tell me, so the_ girl has Biuce ttKn lived with her only relative, her aunt." " Well," I said, " as you seem to know a'I about her, you can introduce me by- and-by " "With the greatest pleasure, if Miss Rowan permits,' said Carriston. I was gl td to hear him give the conditional promise with as much respect to the lady's wishes as if she had been a duch ess. I j ! Then, with'the-liberty a close friend may take, I drew towards me a portfolio, full, I presumed, of sketches of surrounding scenerv. To my surprise Carriston jumped up hastily and snatched it from me. " They are too bad to look at," he said. AS I straggled to regain possession, sundry strings broke, and, lo and behold! the floor was littered, not with delineations of rook, lake, and torrent, bnt with images of the fair young girl I had seen a few-minutes- before. Full face, profile, three quarter face, five, even seven-eight face, all were there—each study perfectly executed by Carriston's clever .pencil. I threw myself into a chair and laughed aloud, whilst the young man, blushing aud discomfited, quickly huddled the portraits between the covers, just as a genuine Scotch lassie bore in the plentiful and, to me, very welcome breakfast. _ Carriston-did favour me with his company curing the whole of that day, but, in spite of my having come to Scotland to enjoy his society, that day, from eaaily guessed reasons, was the only one in which I had undisputed posseBBion of my friend. Of course I bantered him a great deal on portfolio episode. He took it in good part, attempting little or no defence. Indeed before night he had told rne with all a boy's fervour how he -had loved Madeline Rowan at first sight, how in the short space of time u-Lich had- elapsed since that meeting he had wooed her .and won her; how good and beautiful she was; how he worshipped her; how happy be felt; how, when I went South be should accompany me, and, after making a few necessary arrangements, return at once to tear bis bride away. I could only listen to him and congratulate him. It was not my place to act the elder, and advise him either for or against the marriage. Carriston had only himself to please, and if he made a rash step only himself to blame for the consequences. And why should I have dissuaded—I who in two days envied the boy's gcod fortune? I was a great deal of Madeline Rowan. How strange and out-of-place her name and face seemed amid our surroundings ! If at first somewhat shy and retiring, she soon, if only for Carriston s sake, consented to look upon me as a friend, and talked to me freely and unreservedly. Then I found that her nature was as Bweet as her face. Such a conquest did she make of me that, save for one chimerical reason, I should have felt quite certain that Carriston had chosen weil, aud would be happy in wedding the girl of his choice, heedless of her humble position in the world and absence of befitting wealth. When once his wife, I felt sure that if he cared for her to win social success, her looks and bearing would ensure it, and from the great improvement which, as I have already said, I noticed in his health and spirits, I believed that his marriage would make his lifejonger, happier, and better. Now for my objection, which seems almost a laughable one. I objected on the score of the extraordinary resemblance which, so far as a man may resemble a woman, existed between Charles Carriston and Madeline Rowan. The more I saw them together, the moi e I was struck by it. A stranger might well have taken them for twin brother and sister. The same delicate features, drawn in the same lines; the same solt, dark, dreamy eyes; even the same shaped heads. Comparing the two, it needed no phrenolo- < gist or physiognomist to tell you that where one excelled the other excelled: where one failed the other was wanting. Now, could I have selected a wife for my friend, I would have chosen one with habits and constitution entirely different from his own, She should have been a bright, bustling woman, with lots of energy and common sense—one who would have rattled him about aud kept him going—not a lovely, dark-eyed, dreamy girl, who could for hours at a stretch make herself supremely happy if only sitting at her lover's feet and speaking no word. !Tet they were a handsome couple, and never . have I seen two people BO utterly devoted to each other as those two seemed to be during those autumn days which I spent with them. I soon had a clear proof of the closeness of their mental resemblance. One evening Carriston, Madeline, and I were sitting out of doors, watching the grey mist deepening in the valley at our feet. Twc of the party were, of course, hand in hand, the third seated at a discreet distance—not so far away as to preclude conversation, but far enough off to be able to pretend that he saw and heard only, what was intended for his eyes and ears. . How certain topics which I would have ' avoided discussing with Carriston were started I hatdly iemember. Probably some strange tale had been passed down from wilder and even more solitary regions than . ours—some ridiculous tale of Highland super- ! stition, no doubt embellished and augmented by each one who repeated it to his fellows. From her awed talk I soon found that Made- ! line Rowan, perhaps by reason of the Scotch blood in her veins, was as firm a believer in j things visionary and beyond Nature as ever , Charles Carriston in his silliest moments ! could be. As soon as I could I stopped the 1 talk, and the next day, finding the girl for a few minutes alone, told her plainly that subjects of this kind should be kept as far as : possible from her future husband's thoughts. : She promised obedience, with dreamy eyes which looked as far away and full of visions as Carriston's. j " By-the-by," I eaid, " has he ever spoken 1 to you about seeing strange things ?" j " Yes ; he has hinted at it." j " And you believe him ?"' | " Of course I do—he told me BO." This was unanswerable. " A pretty pair they will make," I muttered, as Madeline slipped from me to welcome her lover, who was approaching. " They will see ghosts in every corner, and goblins behind every curtain." Nevertheless, the young people had no doubts about their coming bliss. Everything was going smoothly and pleasantly for them. Carriston had at once spoken to Madeline's aunt, and obtained the old Scotchwoman's ready consent to their union. I was rather vexed at his still keeping to his absurd whim, and concealing his tone name. He said he was afraid of alarming the aunt by telling her he was passing under an alias, whilst if he gave Madeline his true reason for so doing she would be miserable. Moreover, I found he had formed the romantic plan of marrying her without telling her in what an enviable position she would be placed, so far as woraly gear went. A kind of Loiaof Burleigh surprise no doubt commended itself to his imaginative brain. The last day of my holiday came. I bade a long and sad farewell to lake and mountain and, accompanied by Carriston, started for home. I did not see the parting proper between the young people—that was far too sacred a thing to be intruded upon—but even v. hen that protracted affair was over, I waited many, many minutes whilst Carriston stood hand in hand with Madeline, comforting himself and her by reiterating, "Only six weeks—six short weeks! And then— and then !" It was the girl who at last tore htrself away, and then Carriston mounted reluctantly by my side on the rough vehicle. From Edinburgh we travelled by the night train. The greater part of the way we had the compartment to ourselves. Carriston, as a lover will, talked of nothing but coming bliss and his plans for She future. After a while I grew quite weary of the monotony of the Bubject, and at last dozed off, and for some little time slept. The shrill whistle which told us a tunnel was at hand aroused me. My companion was sitting opposite to me, and as I glanced across at him my attention was arrested by the same strange intense look which I had on a previous occasion at Bettws j -Coed noticed in his eyes— the same fixed stare—the same obliviousness to all that was passing. Remembering his request, I shook him, somewhat roughly, back to his senses. He regarded me for a moment vacantly, then said, " Now I have found out what was wanting to make the power I told you of complete. 1 could see her if I wished. " Of course you can see her—in your mind's eye. All lovers can do that." ; " If I tried I could see her bodily—know exactly what she is doing." He spoke with an air of complete conviction. i " Then I hope, for the sake of modesty, you won't try. It is now nearly 3 o'clock. She ought to be in bed and asleep." I spoke lightly, thinking it better to try and laugh him out of his folly. He took no notice of my sorry joke. " No," he said quietly, " I am not going to try. But I know now what was wanting. Love—such love as mine—such love as hers—makes the connecting link, and enables sight or some other sense to cross over space and pass through every material obstacle." " Look here, Carriston," I said seriously, " you are talking as a madman talks. I don't want to frighten you, but I am bound both as a doctor and your sincere friend to tell you that unless you cure vourself of these absurd delusions they will grow upon you, develop fresh forms, and you will probably end your days under restraint. Ask any doctor, he will tell you the same." " Doctors are a clever race," answered my strange young lriend, " but they don't know everything." So saying he closed his eyes and appeared to sleep. We parted upon reaching London. Many kind words and wishes passed between us, acd I ga-. e l im tome more well- meant and, I btlievtd, nttdtd warnings. He was going down to see his uncle, the baronet. Then he liuci stnie matters to arrange with his lawyers, and above all had to select a residence 'for himseif and his wife. He would EO doubt be in London for a short time. If ictsiblt; he would come and see me. Anyway, he would write and let me know the exact date of his approaching marriage. If I <.ould manage to ctme to it, so much the better. If not he would try, as they passed through lown, to bring his bride to pay me a flying and friendly visit. He left me in the best of spirits, and I went Lack to my patients and worked hard to make up lost round, and counteract whatever errors had- committed by my substitute. feen Some six weeks afterwards-late at night— whilst I was deep m a new and clever treatise on zymotics, a man haggard wild unshorn, and . unkempt, rimhed past mv startled servant, and entered the room in which I sat. He threw himself into a chair and I WES horrified to recognise iu the intruder my clever and brilliant friend, Charles; Carriston ! 