The Town Hall Fonnda- ] tions. AMONG TOMBSTONES. DESECRATION OF GRATES. MORBID MEDITATIONS. In spite ot the reasonings of the scientists, the fnlminationa of the materialists, and the sneers of the sceptics, the human mind is still swayed and in fluenced by supernaturalism, and the belief in the power ox tne aead. to revisit voa paie glimpses oi the moon ' is as prevalent to-day as it was when our primeval forefathers pelted the graves of their deceased relations with sticks and stones to prevent the ghosts of the departed from following the living mourners home again. The earliest records prove that burial of itself was considered by no means a sufficient safeguard against the return of the deceased to earth. Hence it was the custom in many countries to convey the dead across » river or stream as ghosts were believed to be adverse to crossing water, and especially running water. This custom became modified, and, instead of people crossing water to bury their dead the graves were sprinkled with water as a. preventive, and the efficiency of this was greatly enhanced if the water had been blessed by ' holy church.' We know that in the early times of the colony the first of these precau tions was neglected in Sydney. The dead were buried on the side of the harbor on which they had lived. Whether these graves were sprinkled with water (holy or otherwise) is at least doubtful, and recent developments go tar to prove that no such precautions were taken. In other and older countries it was the custom for each traveller when passing a way-side grave to deposit a stone thereon on the principle, perhaps, of sit tibi terra gravis. Hence the cairns which are so frequently seen in parts of England, Scotland, Ireland, and many countries in Europe. The tombstone of the present day doubt less represents the ancient cairn, the object of building which was to keep the ghost down. If there is any foundation for this old-time belief — if spirits do return to earth, is it a matter for surprise that they should show their resentment at the dese cration of their graves ? Is it to be -wondered at that the superincumbent earth and the tombstones having been removed the spirits should rise ? How else can the constantlv recurring troubles with those Town Hall foundations be accounted for ? The materialists may answer these questions if they can. Let us look at the matter fairly. A piece of ground is set apart for the repose of the dead. In a, few short years, a time inappreciable, perhaps, to those who have passed into eternity, the graves are rudely turned over. Hundreds of loads of the earth, composed of the mortal remains of the first settlers, are tossed into drays and carted away. Fragments of coffins, broken tombstones and bones, are mingled with the black earth and removed to Rookwood; but how many were left behind? The remains of numbers of coffins were found even while the foundations for the last contract were being due. And how are we to judge of the feelings of a ghost, who sees_ the remains of his mortal body divided np, one portion perhaps going to Kookwood, while other parts are utilised for filling np lowlying allotments-in various places? Who can say what would be the result of the natural indignation of a respectable ghost at snch treatment? And, judging by what has been said by those who profess to have seen mani festations of spirit power, is it too much to say that the stenes in the foundations were displaced by thie offended spirits some time subsequent to their being laid, and before M'Elhone went rooting round with his tobacco knife P The defects in the foundations, whether caused by offended spirits or untradesmau like work, w«re supposed to have been remedied. New foundations, every stone of which was believed to have been well and truly laid, are completed; and Io ! the man who designed the work is again in trouble. This time it is not a question of the laying of stones ; but it goes to show that the occult powers of the departed are not confined to mere bnllockine work. It would seem that if they can move immense blocks of stone under ground without shifting the surface, they can also influence the human mind in the most delicate man ner, their recent operations apparently affecting twenty-foar aldermen, several corporation officials, the contractors, and perhaps many other people, and involving a sum of money which though believed to amount to some five thousand pounds, is like the spirits themselves, as yet an unknown quantity. What else may they not do if these developments are due to their influence ? Is it too much to suppose that the ghosts of the departed attend the social gatherings in the finished portion of the Town Hail ; that invisible departed officials sit side by side with their living successors and hob-nob across the banquet table ; that the ghostly arms of departed gallants encircle the waists of living fair ones and whirl in the giddy mazes of the dance ? Who knows ? At the present time in a corner of the yard there is a fragment of a tombstone. It is used as a crossing ~ over the end of a drain, and is fre quently desecrated by the tread of mortal foot. Of tiie former inscription only the following remains : — ' RRY CARBERR , o deDarted this lif ober'the 5th, 1810, aged 63 years, y he rest in pace.' . | The aborigines of Australia, in common with many other races, never utter the name of a deceased person, as ghosts are supposed to return to earth when they hear a familiar name. We have discarded this belief, if ever it was prevalent among our primi tive ancestors, and therefore there can be no harm in gueBsing that the name on the above-mentioned tombstone was originally Harry Carberry. It would be interesting to know what share Mr. Carberry has taken in the foundation troubles ; but it would be even more interesting perhaps to know whether the last word in tHJq inscription is due to an Irish stone-cutter who took that means of announcing' his nationality, or whether the pace is to be attributed to one of Mr. Carberry's surviving relations miring ap in his grief a common Latin and an equally common English obituary quotation. This question, like the larger one about the Town Hall foundation troubles, is shrouded in a mystery which may never be explained, and all that we, who have disturbed the God's acre where the rude forefathers of the hamlet once slept, can say is, ' May their souls rest in peace in all future time S ' BARNEY. 