Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—HUDIBRAS. DOCTOR: "For dinner take forty minutes. Timid Patient: "Would it be dangerous to add a pieoe of meat and some vegetables?" "My son, why is it that you are always behind with your studies?" "Because, if I were not behindhand with them I could not pursue them." A man went into Knows Lake, near Middle town, Ohio, after laying a wager that he could remain under water two minutes. He won the bet, but hell never get tho money. A new paper in Kansas Is called the Thoma « County Cat. A man in the same town proposes to start a rival journal called the Bootjack. He expect) to make a hit. Woman : "If I give you something to eat will Jou saw a little wood?" Tramp: "No, mum. m top weak to saw wood. I'm not lazy, jebt weak, but I'm willin' to do what I can. You give me a good dinner an' I'll sit out in the cornfield for a scarecrow while I'm eatin' it." In order to explain in a olear and simple manner the necessity of regulating our conduct by some fixed standard, a schoolmaster asked a pupil what he ought to do with bis watoh if it went sometimes too fast and sometimes too slow " Sell it," was the immediate response. " How shall we address you now ?" asked an old acquaintance of a newly-created baronet at a friendly supper the other evening. "Call me ' J«ck,' as you always do," replied the new baronet; "but, for Heaven's sake, never omit to address my wife as * your ladyship.'' A young artist who was displaying his lates work, a picture of a lion, heroic size, to a lady, said to the latter's little boy: " Don't be afraid! little boy, the lion won't hurt you. He's not alive," "Oh, I'm not afraid," replied the little boy; "he doa't look as if he was alive." The epitaph that follows is to be found under the moss of a gravestone in Vermont— '- Here lies the body o Samuel Woodhen, The best of husbands and the purest of men. N.8.-Hia name was Woodcock, but It wouldnt rhyme. "I never could see any sense In Shermans despatch to Corse to 'hold the fort,'" said old Wamßutta, who was not in the war, as he laid down his paper. "How could the soldiers hold the fort? 1 always supposed a fort was made to hold the soldiers,' and the old man mused about it all the rest of the morning. A room in the London Cosmopolitan Club had once been a studio of Watts, the artist, and the walls are still covered with huge and prominent female figures, undraped and robust, like the favourites of Hubeus. Lord Houghton is said to be responsible for the saying: "These are no Watts's hymns, but Watt's Aers." A. stranger recently stepped into a church in Indianapolis, and, after being permitted to stand in the aisle for some time, was approached by one of the brethren, when he inquired: " What church is this r " Christ's Church," was the reply. "Is he in?" was quietly asked. The hint was taken, and the stranger shown a seat. "Are you a scientist?" asked a stranger of Mr. Caution last night, as that gentleman was stand tag on the front steps. "No, sir." replied Mr. Caution. "Why do you ask r " Well. 1 saw you had an area-light in your basement, and I" "if Caution's aim had been better he would not have broken his umbrella handle on the lamp- post. The unklndest thing that has recently been said about the legal profession is embodied in the remark made in a French Provincial Court the other day to a la wyer who was called as a witness. " Look here. Brother X—."raid the examining counsel, "just lose sight of yrur professional character for a moment and tell us the truth." "You have to work pretty hard, don't your said a good-natured old gentleman to a oar driver. "Well, yes, but I have no cause to •""f^*"}*! .U*! not?" "Beoenes my boss to so liberal that he gives me nearly eighteen hours a day to do my work in. while you poor bankers have to crowd your work into about four hours." Burdette says that a man passing the farm on which the Rev. Joseph Cook is working this summer heard a deep sonorous voice cry out like a call of a prophet, "Abandon the direct progres sion to the staight thitherward, deviate by inclinatory and aberrant dextrogyration into the dextral Incidence." it was intimate America saying " gee" to his oxen. A countryman in a restaurant ordered roast lamb, and the waiter bawled to the oook, "One lambi" "Great Scott! mister," cried the country man, * I can t eat a hull lamb. Gimme some fried oysters instead." "One fried 1" bawled the waiter. "Well, Methuselah's ghost 1 Mister, one fried oyster hain't goin' to be enough. Gimmoadoani of'em. Darn those city eatin" places I" A lady in a registry office observed: "I am afraid that little girl won't do for a nurse; she to too small. I should hesitate to trust her with the baby." Clerk: "Her size, madam, we look UDonaa her greatest recommendation." Lady: '• Indeed! But she is so very small." Clerk: >rI know that she Is diminutive; but you should remember that when she drops a baby it doesn't have very far to fall. ' A witty as well as a soft answer will some ",!!?.&. »we» wrath. Charles Burleigh, the. abolitionist, in the midst of an anti-slavery speech, was struok by a rotten egg full in thti face. Pausing to wipe away the contents of the missile, he said calmly: "1 have always con tended that pro-slavery arguments are verr unsound.' The crowd roared, and he was n* longer molested. w " I think I'm the unluokiest man in town."said a husband to his wife. " Smith has owed me S2O for three months, and he promised to pay me to daJ- vDldn> 1? Pft y? Bhe asked anxiously. "Yes, he paid, but while he was in the act of giving me the money Brown came in—you know I've owed Brown $20 for more than a year-and. of course, I had to turn the money over to him. That's what I call hard luck." "Why did you sell your oxen?" saidDobynto a coloured farmer the other day. " Well boss. I fiwi.!? "n'i 011 *■' f, Wftn! ed tojinedechurcH "What difference did that maker' "What difference dat make! Boss, did yer eber drlbe steers?" "I never did?" "Den yor cans un'erstan' de sitwation; but I'll tell yer hoM. steers hab mighty little 'Bpect for 'ligW. Der don't know nothin but cuss words." * Cu> Ju^ge Baunders Is a great brag, and has told about a dozen different stories in regard to. the weight of a certain big catfish that he caught A friend trying te entrap him. asked: 'JudSal' what was the precise weight of that big nsh yotL caught?' Judge Saunders to coloured waiter- JSS&^rP.'xSL I f*» y«»t««iay that catfish: weighed V "What time yesterday, boss-in de mawning. at dinner time, or after supper t' The following is Josh Billings's notion o thoroughbred gentleman: — A bobtail coat, penme papurkoiler. a white kotton wesklt. yaller trowsera without any cloth into the legs, shiny lether boots a pair of yaller gloves, and inaideor em all a thing got up In unitatim of a man, but as the kountertclters say, poorly oxecuted and" not kalkerlated to deaeve. MustashlndlspenaabuL h?bitlo rn neS onneoeBBary ' Flne •Pecimens on ex^ „vT<?. wbat lenSths wiU the Russian censorship off the Press go next? In a novel recently submitted to the censor, the a thor. in describing tho tent of one of the grand dukea during the war with turkey, mentioned as one of its ornaments "tho portrait of a certain actress.' 'I his vhr^sewas altered in the p;oof- sheet to "a large map of the theatre of war." and on the author objecting that bl£iS£,7 lJPJ lo£ WBB "historical," he was coolly told that *w Russia nothing is historical except what appears in tbe official journals." W*HB»'* 