ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. THE CREED OF A LANDJOBBER. " My ('ear fellow, you surprise me; friendship in business Why, wkat next'! These little considerations about honour, friendship, esprit de corof, and all that sort of thing, may do well for the Y.M.C.A. or a benevolent institution, but it won't do in business. What! J persuaded you to take shares, and let you in for all tiie losi while 1 pocketed a rofit; of course I did ! That's business; in fact, it's the soul of business. I persuaded you to sell a piece of land for £70 and made £300 out of it myself! Well, that was basiness too. Oh! but 1 knew it would go for £300, and told yon it was barely possible to get £70. Well, of course I did; that's business. Our long fiiendship ! oh ! ay! Yes, certainly we have bad a long friendship ; but friendship, my dear fellow, stops on the threshold of the office door. I would sell my own brother if it was in the way of business. Tlterc art straightforward dealers. Are there? Oh; Yes, of course, but very few of them make money as quickly as I do. I tell you truth don't pay ; it's a drug in the market. Beiag a friend of you rs I ought io have put you in for some of the good things I got myself! Oh ! hang it all, old man, one must draw the line somewhere. If I had you in with me don't you know your scruples of conscience would make an awful hash of things, and half the nice little dodges would be clean spoilt. Honesty is the best policy! eh ! Not a bit of it, my boy. My motto is " make money, honestly if you can, but make money." It's no use your quarrelling with me, old man, I'd let you in again to-morrow, and be just as sincere a friend from a social standpoint as ever. Not cojisistent I think it is consistent. Here I might have put you in for it twice as heavily if I had chosen to work OB your confiding nature but I remembered our schoolboy days and all that sort of thing, and let you down easily. Thank me for nothing ! Well, good-bye old chap, ingratitude is a characteristic of this world." Goesjto take his seat as a Director of the Doemall Land and Stock Investment Company—profits limited to the promoters. Hugh Kalyptus says:— 'The present generation are getting a little too luxurious— a pianoforte railway carriage has been constructed in England so that boarding-school misses going home for the holidays, amateurs, and others with manias for^music, good, bad, or indifferent, can play the " Battle of Prague," with the groans of.the wounded, at the rate of a mile a minute to the agony or enjoyment of the passengers whom fate makes travellers by the pianoforte train. One can imagine some irascible old gentleman, wanting to sleep, being disturbed in his snoring by the "Maiden's] Prayer," or some school miss running over her scales. It is surprising that the organ-grinder has not been encouraged to introduce his soulawaking instrument of ^torture into the railway trains—he certainly needs no encouragement but only the opportunity. Bailey & Cooper'sjsteam piano would have been an appropriate instrument for the pianoforte train, and by means of a pipe it could be driven from the eagine. The next thing we shall have probably will be the mangle. A good powerful mangle, worked from the locomotive, would be serviceable and with a barrel organ attachment pleasure and utility could be combined. The engines could carry a board with " Maugiiu, done here;" and it would have a twofold significance, for, judging from the too frequent railway accidents, mangling is pretty ofteu done Jon the lines. Viewing this pianoforte train in the light of reason, there is much in its favour, because there is practically no limit to its extension. For instance, the locomotive might be supplied with two big drums, and by an eccentric attachment the drumsticks might be vigorously worked from the piston-rod, the engine-dtiver regulating the Bpeed of the train according to the measure of the music. The steam-whistle might be turned on to a trombone or a trumpet, and altogether a first-class strong band of music could be contrived so as to delight the villages through which theline passed. The only drawback would be that the villagers would only hear a fragment of the piece, as ths train would rattle on to the next station with the balance. However, they would become reconciled to that, no doubt. The idea of the pianoforte train originated in the old country, but I commend it to Mr. Pendleton's attention mainly because music hath charms to soothe the savage, to rend a ro:k, or split a cabbage ; and it might soften the cynical souls of those folks who are continually grumbling at Mr Pendleton. The two following stories from the colo nies are said to be in circulation in London :—" One evening, in the principal gold-mining camp in the Transvaal, nine or ten years ago, a man, partially intoxicated and supposed to he actuated by jealousy, attenuated suicide. He first took morphia; but this not proving strong enough, he tried to hang himself, but was prevented, and handed over to the Sheriff, to be kept in safe custody for the night, and to be tried before the Acting Gold Commissioner (a shrewd and solemn Scot) the next morning. As there was no law to have prevented him from committing suicide if he thought fit, but it being desirable to punish him in some way, it was decidtd to bring a charge of drunkenness and disorderly conduct against him. To this the prisoner pleaded guilty, whereupon the Acting Gold Commissioner, without the ghost of a fcmile, delivered the following extraordinary judgment:—"Mr. , I Bhall due ye twa punds for your drunkenness ; but I'll just gie ye to understand that I ken vera weel what ye attempted to dae, and, had ye succeeded in your attempt, your punishment would have bin vera much more severe than it is !" Whilst in British Columbia a miner appeared as witness in a Court of Justice, and the Judge, not satisfied with his answers, angrily told him he was " prevaricating."— " Can't help it, Jedge," said the unabashed miner. Can't help it!" said the Judge, " Why, what do you mean?" " Just so, Jedge, three years ago 1 was ' packing' in Idaho, and one of them tarnal mu es reached out and tuk out three of my front teeth, and I've prevaricated ever since!" In connection with these it may be asked to what colonial Judge does the reported Hibernicism belong ? Who is the Judge who once told a witness to " hold his tongue and give bis evidence clearly." 