3STEEVIEWS WITH CLTJTFOED AND HANLAi/. Yerfcerdav afternoon a representative of ttie EveOTStg JJetts had tho advantage of a personal in terview and conversation with both of the candidates in the great sculling race which is to be decided to day. Shortly after 2 p.m.. our representative drove over in company with Alderman J. D. Young, John Selly, and Tommy Kelly (Beach's late trainer). This party was followed in another buggy by Mr. Stephen Punch, Captain Mat. Barns, and friend. A SOTSD THAHTES SrEAES. En route the reporter jrot into conversation with a well-known Sydney trainer, whose name in compliance with his own request we refrain from publishing, although most -of our readers will have no difficulty in discovering . his identity. The said authority delivered himsalf as follows : — ' I think that all the chance3 are in favour of Hanlan, who I think will be the winner of to-morrow's ra.ee. I en tirely approve of Eanlau's method cf sculling, ?because I consider it has xaaiiy very palpable advan iages over the straight-back system under which Clif ford rows. So superior do I consider the curved back movement that I have no hesitation in saying lint a sculler, if he is equal ia all other respects to his op ponent, has a great advantage over him with the curved back motion — that is if his adversary rows with'a straight back. A sculler who bends down to his work literally ' neck and crop,' is, all other things being equal, the man who givea himself most chances. la fact, such a style of rowing1 tends in a very large degree to make the man who adopts it very much the superior of the man who does not. With regard to the pace of the two men, I believe that Hanlan will win to-day's race in the course of tho first mile or mile and a half. I do not think so much of Clifford's staying powers as of Beach'e. I cannot bring myself to think that Clifford can go tho pace to which Hani an will inevi tably invite 5iim; and 13' ? is where lie will probably be beaten. K otMikstanding all the senseless ' cackle ' on this particular point, there can ba no doubt thatHardan is the Napoleon of oarsmen, and he adopts tho Napo leonic method of settling ids opponents 'by sudden and drastic methods. The pace to which ho f oroe3 them ia tha initial laps of tha race makes it a fair eass; of ' bellows to mend ' for. the man who has to follow, and, if possible, beat him. In tackling: Han lan, a man must not only be a scientific sculler, but he must be a * devil ' of a stayer, .because, euch is the pace to which he is forced in the beginning1 of the race that if he responds gamely it leaves him almost without the 'ghost of a chance.7 These: were' 'die reasons upon- which tha shrewd authority referred to based his opinion, which is; indeed, of so much value that we -regret our inability to pnblishiis name. In brief, he declared 'Clifford has neither the pace nor the staying powers to con quer Hanlan. He is a magnificent specimen of a colonial— although physically inferior te Beach— -but it is not likely that he will prove a .'clinger/ and a man who cannot cling closely to TTn^aTi over the first mile, or mile and a half, can never hope to lay the * Cannck ' low. ' On the contrary, if he can do this, he may without laying himself open to any charge of egotism say by way of paraphrase to Cromwell's celebrated utterance, ' The Lord has delivered him into my hands.' Un less, however, a sculler can be found to hang, draw, and quarter tho Canadian' during' the first mile and a lialf , the latter will jgo on 'conquering: and to conqner/ and I expect that the result of to- morrow's race will be to add. one more victory to Hanlan's magnificent record.' . . ' J. J-. TOOTSTG WOH*T BAT.' Oar representative, /with same pertinacity, tried to 'pump' J.D. Young; but tbe wily alderman with an air of sweet candour declined the operation. He said, 'although I Lave a very etrcng opinion with regard to the issue of this race, I do not feel at liberty to tell yon what that opinion is. Do sot sup pose that it is a doleful one of Clifford's chtfnoes; because if I were in a commnnicati v« mood, Itnigbt, on the contrary, tell you that lia chances are of the -most roseate hue. Ever since the eignintr of articles, however, I have adhered to a resolution I then made, not to publish by my owri word of mouth or to give such , f stirabouts' and ' probers' as yourself a chance of pnbliBhins: for me my 'pros and cons.' My reason for ISibib tbatldonot irah to infinm in any way a «njrle oneof 5tny nunjeronslErionds and acquaintances, many of ivhomnoBhtbe guided in their 'operations' % my opinion if they got hold of it. Ac X do »ot few justified in influencing Vkm decision in any way whatsoever, *ay motto, is ? mum.' ' After several omer ineffectual -attempts to ' worm' Ins secrets out of him cor repres3ni»tire vm compelled ix- giv$ tho jaatiar op«B» 'had job/' *n3 to tarn hits a'H&tffctoiu; iv *$he xttO]& yr^'Ttw n? tnsfc of * * puuzntno:' Clifford. ^ - *' i, GlifEc^'«»0rtTOit3bM*1r6a4y been ^ well painted $*P#:pim f»ip» ptijwcv te%v$m p» eMUmai touches sere. SuiSce it to say that he ia a fair haired, blue-eyed Australian; standing about 6ft in Ms stockings, and is possessed of a muscular development which is at once the pride and hope of his admirers, and the dismay of others, who, although they may admire him, do not love him. He appears to be a man whom the exigencies of train ing and the additional cares of married life have left with inexhaustible stores of good health and gpod humour. He underwent the probing1 operation of our reporter with positive courage, and showed an independence of opinion which, to use the expression, of an ' old chum, ' who has been closely observing1 him on the spot, is ' a jolly good croof of his genuiness.' In reply to a series of questions from our reporter,Clifford delivered himself asfollows: — ' I prefer worm weather myself, as I think that a free and profuse perspiration at the beginning of a race does no harm toward the end. Of course, it is very likely, if to-morrow proves as hot as it is to- day, I may have the advantage of being better able to stand. Still I do not think that the temperature, whatever it may be,, will igive me much '? advantage over him. Too much has been said about this, and although it is true that Canada does suffer or enjoy rigorous winters, it must not be forgotten that she has equally rigorous summers. In fact; Hainan should not suffer so much from the heat as has been repre sented, although I am quite willing to concede that he may be somewhat at a disadvantage in this respect compared with myself, who azi a eolomal, and proud of being one. I have two boats to choose from. One has been built for me by Mr. Dodd, and it is only due to that gentleman to say that it is a splendid specimen of the boatbuilder's art. The other is a Yankee craft, bailt by Buddick ; and it is in tho latter that I shall in aU probability row tha-race. If to-morrow is anything like to-day, I shall take the 'Yankee.' I have tried both -boats, and tested them in. all ways equally, and I find that in rough 'water the J)odd is vastly tho superior boat ; but for smooth water the Ruddock is perhaps the better boat — that is, to my liking. I scaled to-day 12st 121b, which I consider my proper weight for such a con test. I never felt better in my lifo, and both my trainer and myself think that i am in the ' pink of perfection' as regards form. In reference to Haitian's so-called knack of knocking hie opponents out in the first mile or mile and a half there mav be much truth in it, although I myself think but little of it. I care but very little indeed what may be done in the first mile of tha race, because I am never to the fore at the commencement. I cannot recall a race I have ever won where I led in the beginning, except in my race with Poarce in watermen's bos-ts. It is in the latter part of the race that I ^Wil try to show what I am'made of. I do not mean to eay that I think Tty-.n1a:n wiil be able to get very far away from me in the first part, because even if I do not win I feel confident of m wiring it a close race all the way through. It is generally after the first mile that I begin to nan^lo my opponent. I shp.11 mate no effort to decide tho race pa tho first mile. I do not think the resulting fatigue ' would -justify such an effort ; but as I havo said 1 shall be somewhere in Hanlan's neighbourhood from start to finish . It is quite true I have never met 'Hanlan on the watsr, and consequently have been unable to form from observation any opinion of bis staying powers, and as I did not see the race between Hanks and Beash, I am somewhat in the dark as to his powers. From the little I have seen of Hanlan, and the great deal I have heard 'about him from competent judges, I think his style is simply perfection. In fact, it would bo impossible for a man to row in batter style. But this does not deprive me of con fidence in my own powers, or cause me to despair of beating him. Hanlan, after all, is only a man, and the better of two men generally wins. I feel in no way shaky at meeting him, and I think my chances are just as good as his. Ho will never get yery far away from me, and I am confident of making it a close race. As regaids knowledge of the course, I do not thini Hanlan has auy advantage ov$r me in that respect ; but I think bos acquaintance with tho Parramatta should bo quite as . intimate as my own. The only advantage he will ha^e over me will be at the start. There is no doubt that he is a mset remarkable man in getting away. This is not mere chance or luck ; but is to be attributed to his science andaknaekknownonlyto himself. Ido notmean to imply by this that I am anyway late in 'the start ; but I must admit that Haalau is the quicker. This is, of course, an advantage ; but it is not sufficient to deprive me of victory. I was never better prepared for a race than I am for the present 'tone. I am qsita satisfied with my trainer, Mr. Feain, who has been . most attentive to mo all through my training, in which he has shown nraah knowledge arid skill. ' E&spectsng; the Perra matta as u champion course, I think it is as good a course as could bo desired for the purpose of testing the q:;aiiri.e.s of tv.o scullers. I shall take my boat out for a prc-Iimiria.rv spin of a mile, to test her for the last iiiae: to-morrow eome time before the race.' IKTEKVIBSTT WITH EAHiAX. After the interview with Clifford the reporter drove over to tae Eoyai Hotel, Gladesvilie, to see T7ai.Ti1n.-n , He found the celebrated sculler at the boat shed at Kissing Point. In the course of conversation, Han kjj eaid that he did not consider that bis chances were so good as they ought to be. In the ,first place the American boats upon which ho had been Telying: had not arrived. This was a serious matter. The Ameri can boats were better models, lighter, and faster than his present boats. He had an American boat which he had timed, and found to be the fastest boat he had ever sat in ; but she had become useless by de terioration through trials and exhibitions. This boat is at present lying up in the Mercantile Bowling Club shed. Hanlan expressed himself as dissatisfied with the two boats built for him by Messrs. Donelly and Sullivan. He said that tho first boat they built for Viim was much too largo and heavy ; in fact, that it wa6 quite big enough to carry Clifford, who was 2st heavier. The second boat was so light asd weak as to be quits unfit to g:o on the water, and when he took her up the river the other day he did not think she would bring him back. The boat he will row in to-morrow will -weigh about 321b, a weight more fit for Clifford than himself. Hanlan acid that Tie had pointed out these defects, to Massrs. Donelly and Sullivan. With regard to his chanoes, Hanlan remarked that they wore good, and that he was justified in feeling confident about the race, as he had beaten the best time records of all the men who had ever rowed on the Parramatta. He said that the hot weather was his greatest adversary. He had suffered very much from tho heat during1 the past two days especially, and ha felt that th« heat seriously militated against Ms chances. With regard to the pace, he said that he had heard that Clifford had done the course ia 1S.40, whereas lie did it in 20.4-0; bo that if thesa records were re liable Clifford was faster by two minutes. On this particular point he was not, how over, discouraged. His actual weight was lOst 9£lb. He bad seen, several of Clifford's performances ; and, judging from them, he consideredjhim to be without exception the best man he had ever met who had sot rowed in big races. It was true that he had net seen anything extraordinary in Clifford's performances, but, according to time trials, he ma much faster than Beach or himself ; that was, if he could believe -what ho was told. As to Clifford's staying powers, TTn-'l'Ti frankly admitted that they trere splendid, and this was x he only point upon which he felt any real ansiety . He observed him -wind-up his trial spia, and was bound to admit that he had never in his life seen a man finish better.' Clifford, to him, was a kind of conundrum. At times he had seen h4m rowing but slowly, and »t others very fast. It was to be doubted whether Clifford had shown his real powers, and he . (TTawlBa) 'had' raasoa to believe ithat all the 'knowing oni-e,' . including: amateurs such as the men of the Sydney, Mercantile, and other clubs had pinned their faith to 'Beach.- 'Haiii^ in the. course of further ° conversataon, said that he was happy to say that be retained the confidence of his friends and supporters who (notwithstanding certain ungenerous and ridiculous statementa and criticisms which had appeared in a Sydney rooming- pap«r) stack to him, and he did not' intend, If lie «oaul kelp it, that their confidence should turn, out misplaced. He must eay that the lucubrations on rowing matters in the morning1 paper referred to ware sot only un generous, but marked by a total ignorance of aquatics. . He had done nothing during the past two days. In fact his chief care had ko«n to get oat of the heat. He would probably. . take a epia that evening, and a sprint to-morrow befor* the race, just to . try his boat. - fie aid m mil* in the morning. The boat ha will use i« a Donelly end SnlKvan, 32ft long, 6in deep, 10£i» wide. Hftnlan repeated that this boat was far .too heavy for him, and that in haying to usoit ha wa« heavily handicapped, at least to the extent of 22see. In consequence of ihe heat he was 31b below Ms proper rowing weight ; but in ?pita of these serious difficulties he was hopeful, and oonsid«re& that Mb chances were pood. It was Ma determinatio* to make a desperate to win. ..' .' ? :'.; *-: ??*'.. ' ??' ;;ikfij 