THE NUMBER SEVEN. When God created the world He rested on the 7th day. There are 7 days in the week, 7 letters in the name of Jehovah, 7 syllables in the Mohammedan formula of prayer—la ill Allah ill Allah. Everyone is familiar with the 7 fat and 7 lean kine, the 7 fruitful and 7 barren ears of corn, 7 years of plenty and 7 years of famine. Jacob served 7 years for Rachael, and was cheated with Leah, and served another 7 years and received his reward. Seven days he was fol lowed by Laban, his father-in law. When Jacob died his son Joseph lamented for him 7 days. Every 7ih year the Israelites permitted their fields to remain idle and untilled; this was called the ‘Sabbatical year.’ At the siege of Jericho 7 priests, with 7 trum pets, went round the walls of the city, and at the 7th blast the walls fell Seven times in 10 years were the Israel ites held captive in Babylon. Seven times ten Hebrew scholars translated the Old Testament into Greek for the Alexandrian Library. There were 7 times ten members of the High Council of Jerusalem, not counting the high' priests. When Peter asked, ‘Lord how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? till 7 times? Jesus re plied, ‘I say not unto thee >7 times, but until seventy times 7.’ ‘A just man falleth 7 times and riseth up again.’—Prov. xxiv., 16. ‘ When this enemy speaketh fair, believe him not, for there are 7 abomin ations in his heart.’—Prov. xxvi., 25. There are 7 attributes of the Almighty, 7 gifts of the Holy Ghost, 7 psalms of penance, 7 supplications in the Lord’s Prayer, 7 words of the cross; the Roman Catholic Church has 7 sacraments. In the book of Revelation there are 7 angels with 7 golden chalices, filled with divine wrath; also 7 lamps with 7 flames are mentioned there. Who does not know of the ‘ 7 sleepers,’ the 7 youthful Christian martyrs, who escaped in a cavern near Ephesus and fell asleep, and slumbered undisturbed for 200 years ? There are 7 wonders of ihe world, 7 wise men of Greece, The Mohammedan’s paradise contains 7. heavens. Rome has been governed by 7 kings, like wise Prussia, for the 7th is now the Emperor Wilhelm, During the 7 years’ war under Frederick 11. history men tions 7 important battles. The war in Spain between the Csrlists and Chris tians lasted 7 years The Franco- Prussian war lasted 7 months, and the 7tli Regiment was the first to distin guish itself. On the 2Sth (I Mines 7) of Septem ber. 1870, Strasbourg surrended; on the 28th of October, Metz; and on the 28th of January, 1871, Paris. Home is built on 7 hills; so tire Constantinople, Nur remhurg, Hamburg,and Lisbon. Ancient Thebes, also Athens, Bagdad, and Morocco each had 7 gates. Seven cities claimed the honor of being Homer’s birthplace. There were 7 steps leading to the tomb of Darius, the Persian king; 7 steps to Solomon’s throne; 7 arms' or branches to the lamp in the Temple of Jerusalem; 7 wicks in the perpetual lamp (eternal flame) to the rites of the Greek Church. The river Nile has 7 mouths. There are 7 Canary Islands, 7 lonian Islands, 7 colours in the rainbow; there are 7 tones in the musical scale, 7 precious metals. Pleiades, one of the most beautiful constellations, numbers 7 stars There are 7 cardinal virtues; three of these are Faith, Hope and Charity, ‘ and the greatest of these is Charity.’ The Duke of Wellington had 7 marshall staffs. The Pope is priest of 7 churches. The human head has 7 openings. The en trance to the celebrated dome at Cologne has 7 pillars set upon, 7 pedestals sur mounted by 7 statutes. Peter Macnally, a lame Dublin at torney, wanted to be enrolled in a volun teer corps. _ ‘You’d never do, Peter,’ said the officer to whom he applied for admission, * the more we fold you to march the more you’d halt.’ 