THE MINISTERIAL PARTY IN THE SOUTH-EAST. [By our Special Reporter. ] A party of gentlemen consisting of the Hon. T. Playford (Commissioner of Public Works), the Hon. J. Coles (Commissioner of Crown Lands), Messrs, J. H. Howe, M.P., E. Ward, M.P., A. Handyaie, M.P., J. Bagot, M.P., F. B. H. W. Krichauff, M.P., J. W. Castme, M.P., J. Miller, M.P., G. W. Goyder (Surveyor-General), and the representatives of the daily press, left Ade laide by-the ordinary train on Wednesday of ter noon,Januaryl3,foratripinthesoTrth-ea6t. Mr. [A. Hardy, M.P., joined the party at Mt. Lofty, and TMTla?)ff was reached at about half-past 8 o'clock on the same evening. It was rumored that a deputation was in waiting for the Ministers at mmg, but lucidly this did not turn out to be the case, and an hour after the arrival of the train the party proceeded on board the steamer Dispatch, which was to con vey them across the lakes to Meningie. The evening was beautiful, and the lakes being calm the journey was very much enjoyed. It will be seen by a glance at the names of the gentlemen who found themselves on board the , steamer, that nothing likely to disturb the harmony of the proceedings was likely to take place. Politics in the main were tabooed. There were no allusions to the Tfoow cum Mais cum Patterson dispute. On that point Me Howe was resolutely silent. It is true that there were "~^?i""^ references to the relative merits of Port Pirie and Port Germein, and that the representatives of those two favored ports amused their fellow travellers by a discussion which could have but an unsatisfactory termination. Poetry was also made a matter of dispute, and there was great argument over the question as to whether certain persons " did and died" and. 'Mid or died." There was, however, no con vincing a man against his wfll, and accord ingly the disputants retired from the wordy contest each convinced that he was in the right. That most nnpicturesque of all unpic turesque) townships, Menmgte was reached at some time betwoe?2 and 3 o'clock on Thursday I Morning, and an hour or so later the travellers ' who had managed to snatch some repose, began to bestir themselves, as there was-a -long day's journey ahead, and' some ofthe Meningie re sidents were aarions to bring before the Mini sters one of their grievances. THE FTRST DEPUTATION met in the open air, and was introduced by Mr. Hardy and Mr. Handyside, the members \- for the district of Albert. It seemed that the members of the deputation had been alarmed, tohearthat the land "which they have been : lT?ii^ftjM'nTwyyiiyy?i£g>iniatnlv>fc?lrAn fiywn tilnwn iti consequence of a report that they had not. complied with the conditdonsof their guarantee to beep the land'free from vermin. They re presented to the Commissioner of Crown Lands that they had done all that was required . :of them, and the Commissioner having read a . report from Mr. Bedford Hack, one of the . officers of his department, which bore out the statements made bytueresfedentsof Meningieui ? formed them, much to their satisfaction, that ' tfaeir commonage rights would be continued. He, however, urged them- both for their own ' sakes and the sake of the State to clear the 'polygonal trees, and this it was promised should be done. Mr. Ward was so unwell when he arrived at Meningie that he decided to return to town. 'He hopes, however, to rejoin the party at Mount Gambier on Wednesday. , THE JOUBNET TO KINGSTON. ' At five minutes past 6 o'clock the party took ?their seats in the coach which bod been specially brought over from Adelaide, and pre . pared for a drive of 93 miles-through country which it was known was not of die most interpstingdescription. Thedaywasbeautiful, the hot rays of the sun being, tempered by a southerly wind, and it was therefore arranged that the top seats should not be monopolised .by any one set, but should be changed at various stages, an arrangement {that could not faQ to give satisfaction. Passing through 12 miles of what was practically desert country the coach.was not long before it drew up at McGrath's Flat, where Mr. HcCallum's hoct of tame laughing jackasses was sub jected to scrutiny, and some business was transacted. A little further on and rabbits began to be plentiful, and very often indeed little bunny, " from the pathway, leapt aside," and scurried out of sight as quickly as Tub legs could-carry him. At the Fat Cattle Station the rabbits were reported to have committed great ravages, the grower reporting that they had destroyed 000 of bis cabbages, and *.r?"t~ipg a change of diet would .prove agreeable bad commenced an attack on j his onion patch. The visitors had a look at the garden, and there were manifestations of Master Bunny's recent presence, though his de predationsappeared to them to have been rather over-stated. Who has travelled along the road to Kingston and not beard of Malachi Marian's ghost, which, troubled in anotheiworld, revisits the scenes of its earthly life? It did not fall to the lot of Parliamentarians to see the ghost, probably because it was many hours before the witching hour of night, when their ' ghostships are supposed to come to earth and do penance for past misdeeds, but they at all events saw the house where Hf*laf*i Martin lived, and the hill containing the wombat-hole where the body of his servant was placed after be had murdered her. At Salt Creek a sub stantial dinner was partaken of, and the journey was resumed. At Kantara there was a relic of the late political contest, which was shown with the great glee to- Mr. Handyside. It consisted of a pen and ink cartoon in which a figure, half man and half woman, was represented as fleeing " after his defeat in Albert." This libellous production was intended to represent Mr. Aldeiman Tomkinson. But the visitors were enjoined to look on this picture and on this, the latter being a portrait.of "Honest Andy," as his Kantora friends denominated Mr. Handyside. The^portrait represented a gentleman with a considerably long Boman nose, and a class of features which made one glad that there was no possibility of meeting such a gentleman on a dark night in the bush. It is sufficient to say that Mr. Handyside did not regard the picture1 as flattering, and that therefore his companions did not hesitate to trust themselves in his company for the re mainder of the' trip. There was general rejoicing when it was announced that the last change of horses had been made, and that in two hours Kingston would be reached, for it was getting-rather cold and the inner man was beginning to crave suste nance. At a quarter to 0 o'clock the coach, pulled up at Saunders's Hotel, and supper having been discussed, the travellers wisely retired to bed. In the morning it was ar ranged that the two Commissioners should receive a deputation who had innumerable subjects to bring under their notice, and at 10 o'clock the deputation met at the hoteL THE XEQCIBEHEKTS OF KINGSTON. Mr. Hardy mentioned that it had been in tended to interview the Commissioner of Crown Lands on the subject of the grant-in- aid to the council chamber. It was the custom for the Government to grant sites for council chamber purposes, and then to supplement the building 10s. in the pound. Kingston being a private township, the ratepayers had had to purchase a site for the council room, and the Govern ment had accordingly been asked to supple ment the work pound for pound, which, he was glad to say, the Government had con sented to do. (Applause.) Mr. R. E. Venn said he had been asked to address the Commissioner of Public Works on the subject of the railway tariff, and in enter ing on a discussion of the question he might state that 90 per cent, of the wheat coming to Kingston was Victorian grown. There had lately been a reduction in the railway tariff of Victoria, and he wished to show the Com missioner how this reduction affected South Australia. There was a large tract of country on the Victorian side which really commercially belonged to us, and on the statistics he would bring forward he wished it to be understood that he was pre suming that the railway which had now been constructed as far as Dimboola would be con tinued until it formed the South Australian line. The equi-distant geographical point between Geelong and Kingston was the Vic torian town called Horsham. That town was 185 miles from Geelong and only 187 miles from Kingston. These were the distances by railway as far as the railways were constructed, and the presumed distance by railway when the works were completed. From Horsham to the South Australian border the distance was 81J miles. The Victorian railway carriage from Horsham to the South Australian border was Bs. 6d. per ton. From the South Aus tralian border to Kingston was a distance of 106 miles, and the charge of carriage was 14s. Id., while there was a break-of-gauge of Bd., which made the cost of bringing a ton of wheat from Horsham to Kingston £1 3s. 3d. Now a ton of wheat could be taken from Hor sham to Geelong, 185 miles, for 16s. 6d., or a difference in favor of Geelong of 6s. 3d. per ton, equidistant points. It could even be taken to Melbourne, 227 miles from Horsham, for 17?. 3d., thus making a saving of sa. Cd. per ton, so that from an equidistant point out chances were getting very limited. From Dimboola, the last station so far on the Vic torian line to the South Australian border, was a distance of Go| miles, and the Victorian charge for the carriage of a ton of wheat was 6s. Cd. The charge made for carriage from our border to Kingston was alto gether, as he had shown, 14s. 3d., thus makingatotal charge of £1 Is. 3d. for carry ing a ton of wheat from Dimboola to Kingston. From Dimboola to Geelong the distance was 2064 miles, or 40 miles further, and yet a ton of wheat could be conveyed there for 17s. 3d., or 4s. cheaper than our rates for a much shorter distance. Wheat could even be taken to Melbourne from Dimboola, 250} miles, at 3s. 9d. per-ton cheaper than it could be brought to Kingston. The next point from which wheat came to Kingston was NhiU. From Nhill to the South Australian border the distance was rightly speaking 38 miles, the Victorian tariff for wife* was 4s. 6d. This added to 14s. 9d. the charge) jnad^ foy carriage^ to Kingi&on;, madeatotalnf.l9s.3d. Jtaw.aUheoghKingstoa was 84 miles nearer toNhill than was Geelong, the carriage charge from Nmil'to the latter place was 17s. 6d. per ton, or-Is, 9d. cheaper than our rates. But wheat could even be sent from JSTiill to Melbourne, 273J miles, for IBs. 3d. per ton, or Is. per ton cheaper, though there was an increased distance to travel of 129 miles. (The Commissioner of Public Works— " The chargeio Melbourne is 18s. 6d. Some 'of your figures are a little out.") He thought the difference would be found to be very trifling. (The Commissioner of Public Works —"You are pretty nearly right, but favor Victoria on the one hand, and you are a little against South Australia on the other.") He would take a most astonishing case. Kaniva, on the Victorian side, was 18 miles from our border, the carriage for which distance was 3s. This added to our charge of 14s. 3d. made a total of 17s. 9d. to bring wheat from Kaniva to Kingston, a distance of 124 miles. The distance from Kaniva to Geelong was 248$ miles, and the wheat was conveyed from one place to the other at only 17s. lOd. (The Commissioner of Public Works—"No; 18s.") Well, even taking it at 18s., there was only 24. ' difference, although the distance was doable< He would now say a few words with regard to the traffic itself. The Victorian Customs returns showed that the quantity of wheat grown last year between Dimboola and tie South Australian border was 271,000 bags, of which 74,060 bags came to Custon. and ' Wolseley. From Dimboola 156,764 bags were sent by rail, and there were supposed to be on June 30 about 40,000 bags on the different farms. Thus it would be seen that-the ? traffic which went by way of the Dimboola '? railway was double that which came -to King ston. These figures he knew were not very large, but it must be borne in mind that the country was new, that it was held in block? of 320 acres,' and held moreover by people of a poorer class than the farmers settled in South Australia. In one block of land between Dim boola and-the South Australian border there , were about 2,008' selectors, and when they got " the whole of their farms under cultivation the increase in the quantity of the wheat yield would be very large indeed. On another block further south there were situated 3,000 selectors, and the produce of this country geo graphically belonged to the South Australian ?uses of railway. He thought the figures he . had quoted would show the Commissioner of, Public Works that the field was a large one, and that it was highly important we should secure what properly belonged to us, (Hear, hear.) Mr. C Gell said the very existence of Kingston, commercially speaking, depended' upon what action, the Government took with regard to this question. It might be urged that any action the Government might take in the matter would -also have to apply to all the other railways of the colony, bat he thought in this case an exception might very properly be , made, and the Government ought to treat the south-east as they had treated the river trade. He believed there was an agitation going on in Victoria which would be pressed to a successful issue to get still lower rates ?of carriage specially where long distances | had to be traversed, and wheat-growing was in : such a condition in South Australia that the Government ought to do aU that they could to ' encourage its production. He was afraid that the south-east would lose a lot of the Victorian trade this year owing to the price offered in Victoria being a little higher and to the rates of carriage being so much lower. He had received a telegram on the previous evening stating that one gentleman would send 20,000 bushels of his wheat to Dimboola unless our railway tariff was reduced. That was only one case of many. Mr. VESK'said the gentleman in question had, in consequence of our bad land legislation of a few years back, been forced to leave South Australia for the sister colony, though his sympathies were with South Australia and his family bred here, ; Mr. James Cookg said the centre of the fertile district in Victoria which had been referred to by Mr. Venn was 235 miles from Geelong and only 100 miles from Kingston, and therefore the latter was the natural out let for the produce. He hoped the Govern ment would see their way clear to carry out a reduction of the rates for the carriage of wheat. Mr. Hajtdtside bad much pleasure in sup porting the request of the deputation. When the Bui providing for the construction of the railway from Kingston to the Tatiara was passed the intention was to tap the Wimmera country. Since we had con structed this railway he thought our policy should be to so lower our rates as to in duce the produce of the Wimmera country to come to Kingston. Then, too, a jetty had been constructed at considerable expense, and unless the railway tariff were lowered both the lines of railway and the jetty would be left comparatively idle. There might be an objec tion to the farmers of the Tatiara district having their wheat conveyed at a lower price than it was in other parts of the colony, but he would point out that the Tatiara farmers had never asked for any concessions from the Government, while concessions hadbeen allowed to the northern farmers. (Hear, hear.) - This year and last year wheat had been produced in the Tatiara district at a loss, and he did not think that it would be any concession to lowes the railway tariff, when they considered the great concessions that had been made to thp northern fanners. Mr. Gell said a matter intimately connected frith the question of an alteration of the rail, way tariff was that of the extension of the Kingston jetty. This unfortunate jetty hod been a source of grief to everybody connected with it. The effect of the immense expendi ture which had already taken place upon it was that they had now only 10 feet G inches of water at dead low level on a jetty three quarters of a mile long. This showed that the depth was not sufficient even for the small steamers now trading with the port. If King ston was to be made a port at all it was neces sary that the jetty, which was a railway jetty, should be lengthened as they wanted in time to get wool and wheat ships alongside. Re ferring to the Loan Transfer Act, which had been passed at a late period last session, be said he regretted to find that of £30,000, the balance of the money borrowed for the construction of the railway from Kingston, but £2,000 had been reyoted for shed accommodation, while the remainder was to be devoted to other objects. Had he known the intentions of the Government in . the matter sooner he would have taken action to oppose it, as the railway was 4>y no means sufficiently equipped. What the' deputation, however, now asked was that the jetty might be lengthened from 800 to 1,000 feet in a vest-south-west direction, as thereby vessels would be able to be alongside to windward. Seeing the injustice which had been done to the port by means of the Loan Transfer Act, bethought the residents were fairly entitled to this consideration, though he very much ques tioned whether it would nut be more economical to pull the jetty up and erect a fresh one. Mr. Habdt mentioned that he had opposed the proposal to revote the £30,000 spoken of for other than the purposes of the Kingston railway. The Commissioseb of Pcbuc Works, in reply, said they would agree with him that in considering the question of the railway tariff he had to bear in mind the circumstances of the whole colony, and not those of any particular part of the colony. He admitted that when compared with, the Victorian tariff our tariff for the carriage of agricultural produce seemed exceptionally high, and the time no doubt would come—he trusted it would be shortly— when an alteration in the direction of reducing our tariff would have to be made. (Hear, hear.) He was happy to be able to inform them that during the last half-year the receipts from railways amounted to £50,000 more than during the previous half-year, and the Government expected that the receipts for the financial year would be more than £100,000 in excess of those of any previous year. During the half-year the rail ways had paid 2*77 per cent, on the borrowed capital, for which we paid 4 per cent., and it was expected that in the year they would pay quite 4 percent. (Hear, hear,) The longer our lines became die less became tile expenses of management, there being a considerably increased traffic, which could be worked at a considerably decreased cost. Therefore he hoped by next year at all events he would be .able to introduce a lower tariff for the carriage of agricultural produce, not merely with re gard to the Kingston railway, but with regard to all our railways, (Hear, hear.) He would admit that there were exceptional circum ttanees in connection with the Kingston rail way, but he thought they would see that if we were to enter into competition with Vic toria in the matter of rates of carriage, and lnakeany reduction, Victoria would follow suit, and the question was whether we as a poorer colony would be able to stand the strain so well as our richer neighbor. He trusted that when he went to Melbourne and saw the Victorian Minister of Railways, to come to some under standing with him on this question, which would prevent us running into what he might term a cut-throat policy, that was in reducing our tariff to so absurdly low a price as to necessitate the imposition of additional taxation on the general community to make up the deficiency. He did not want to do anything of the sort. Whatever reductions we might make Victoria would make greater, and he thought an under standing might be arrived at to the effect that Victoria was not to offer special inducements to get die traffic from a particular part of the colony to her seaports, while we would offer no special inducements; nor compete with her unfairly, though by a fair reduction in our rates for the carriage of agricultural produce we would be able to get a fair share of the trade of that part of which'undoubtedly geographically belonged to us. At the same tune we already made alterations in favor of longer distances, and if a comparison was made with Port Adelaide as well as with Geelong Mr. Venn would have found that the rates were in favor of the Port Adelaide line, even taking out oym tariff, With reference to the. point out 'that tbe Loan-Transfer Aot of last session was.no new thing, as it had lAea intro duced into Parliament during^ the previous fiesaon, and then contained the same provision ? as to the disposal of the balance of die money borrowed for the Kingston railway. Mr. Hardy did all he could -to get the Government to reconsider the position, but was not EuccessfuL His officers told him" that after providing for tbe sheds, which bad been spoken of they had made provision for all the requirements of this line of railway, and he believed the work of putting op the. sheds would soon be in progress. If. the traffic^ ob the lime increased he bad no doubt that who ever might be in power would provide any ad ditional accommodation that might be found to be necessary. Hewas sorry the jetty had been bunt in the style that had been adopted. He believed like many other jetties it bad' been erected in the wrong place. It was evident that a depth of 10 feet 6 inches was not suffi cient for the ordinary coasting steamers, and' he wonld call for a report to see trhether-by in creaeing the length of tbe jetty they could pro vide the necessary, accommodation. He weuld , inform their members of the result. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Venn then urged on the Government; tile necessity, of taking immediate action to bnng*bonta?ettbnientof the boundary que*< tion, and said he considered it a disgrace both to South Australia and Victoria that the .pie- - ?ent state of tilings should be allowed to exist, [ The matter mightbe as well settled now as ten yeacs Amice. 'Mr. A. 6. ABBonasked that action- tnright be taken to enable tradesmen, in tie south-east to deal with absconding debtors. Victorian tradesmen could recover the amounts of debts in South Australian courts, but South Anstra-' lian tradesmen could sot be similarly treated in Victorian courts. . Mr. £. Goode having briefly spoken, Mr. Habdt said there had been no indisposi tion on the part of J.he Government to settle this matter, but-a mutual understanding must be arrived at by the two colonies. . Mr. J. Bacot, M.P., said he was informed. I that Victorian creditors could recover debts in : I our courts, and therefore it was not a mutual 'understanding that was wanted, but we re quired from Victoria the same concessions as our laws granted. He might mention that be had seen the Attorney-General on the question, and that gentlemen was now in com munication with the Victorian Government. Mr. Hasot believed that if an appeal were made against the judgment of our courts- in ?the case of Victorian creditors suing an ab ?soonding debtor tbe judgment would not stand. . Mr. Goore protested against the'delay in settling the boundary question. Mr. Goode said in the winter time a large : extent .of country around Kingston' was under water. At the back-of Kingston there was an extensive swamp, which in winter was a mile \- wide and several feet deep. At least one-half or two-thirds of their commonage was in winter under water, and not only was this the. case, but the water backed up the water on. Bowaka and Conmurra. The work was too large forthe district council to undertake, and the council would not be recouped the expense: He asked that the present opening through' Maria Greek might be widened, and than three or four miles down a gap should be . made through which the waters might flow; , Mr. Venn pointed out that this was a ques tion of far more than local importance, as if 'the work asked for were carried out country far beyond the limits of the district council would be improved. Tbe water in the winter time considerably damaged Government build ings in the township, and threatened the rail nay embankment. Mr. Hasdtside said the heavy flow of water that came down here was sot local water. It was backed up by the Reedy Creek and came down from Biscuit Plat, and the only way to meet the difficulty was to con tinue the drains to Tilley's Swamp. Mr. ABBOTT asked when the certificates for the destruction of vermin wonld be honored ? The Commissionkb of Cbown Lands, in reply, taid the matter of the settlement of the boundary question had often been brought before Ministers of the Crown, and he was afraid that it would not be brought forward for the last time that day. On his return to Ade laide the Chief Secretary intended to visit .Kew Zealand, and would on bis way interview Mr. Service, the Premier of Victoria, with regard to the boundary question. He toped that as a result of the interview some steps might be taken which could be regarded as a commencement of the settlement of the diffi culty. Astothematterofabscondingdebtors,he wasquite aware that the people inthesouth-east had suffered severely owing to persons leaving the colony without paying their debts, and when the Chief Secretary was in Melbourne this matter would be discussed, and he busted that some satisfactory arrangement would be come to. An immense sum of money had been expended on drainage works in the south-east, and he was not prepared to say that the Government would ever derive a proportionate benefit for the amount of money so expended. They had to some extent, if not altogether, made up their minds to put a stop to drainage operations down there—(a voice—"l hope not I —that as soon as the £30,000, the balance of the £80,000 voted by Parliament, had been expended they should cease the expenditure in connection witli the drainage works. However, he perfectly agreed with Mr. Handyside that it was not local water that flooded the suburban lands to Kingston. It was water that came from other parts of the country eighty miles off, and in order to drain not only the suburban lands, but the intermediate country as well, an expenditure of something like £100,000 would be necessitated. He was sure they would not expect him then to promise that such an ex penditure would be carried out, but he would have a careful enquiry made into the whole matter, and obtain a report from his officers, the result of which he would communicate to the people of Kingston. As to the payment for scalps a difficulty had arisen in connection with the Vermin Act of last year with reference to the time when payments tor scalps by the Government ceased, but he was advised by the law officers of die Crown that although the Government bad no legal respon sibility for the ]>ayment it would be better to pay for scalps obtained between the time when the assent was given to the Act and the time of the appointment of the vermin boards. This, therefore, would be done except in tbe case of vermin destroyed on leased lands where there was a condition in the lease that the vermin were to be destr>yed. Scalps after that time would be paid for by the vermin boards. Some of the district conncils erroneously imagraed that the Act of last year was a consolidating measure, but it was only an amending Act, and had to be read in con junction with the Babbit Destruction Act and the former Vermin Act; and in order to make this dear he bad had circulars setting this out printed for distribution to corporations and district councils. Municipal bodies had not the power to levy rates for the destruction of vermin; that was a power confined to the vermin boards. He confidently apjtealed to the local authori ties to assist the Government in meeting what had been and still was a great difficulty. He could not allow to pass without comment some remarks made by Mr. Venn with regard to our land laws. Of course Mr. Venn had re ferred to the land laws of some time ago, and the lawsof to-day werea very great improvement on them. (Mr. Venn—" Hear, hear.") As to the gentleman mentioned in the telegram which had been read, if the land laws had done nothing else than to cause the gentleman to leave file colony they had done some good. He said this with all respect. The gentleman and his family were all large landholders. They held a large estate principally run over by fctock, and the effect of the land legisla tion of the time was to cause the land to be surveyed and sold, and noiv where there had been thousands of sheep running there were now hundreds of selectors to be found. Mr. D. E. MoLLEE asked whether i>ersous holding 1,000 acres of land were also able to take up leased lands ? The CoMiiissio.vE? of Cbown Lands—Yes, of the second-class land they would be able to take up 3,000 acres, and if they lived within ten miles residence on the selection would be counted as residence on the leased land. llr. Holler asked whether the Govern I would dispense with the cultivation clauses ? The Commissioner of Crown Lands said they could Dot expect him or any other Com mii-sioner to abolish the cultivation conditions, but each case wouldbeconsidered on itsmerits. If it could be shown that a selector had his land under water for a considerable period of the year, and it would be an absurd waste of money to cultivate it, he would not hesitate to relax tbe cultivation conditions. This having concluded the business, cham pagne was introduced, and the toast of " Health and Prosperity to Kingston" was honored. While the visitors were at Kingston a singular phenomenon was reported to them as fre quently appearing at various spots in the bay. It consists of the bubblingup from the seaweed of what appears to be oil, but whether it is oil has yet to be tested. The mere yse of a piece of blotting paper would quickly set the questiou at rest, and it would surely be well to make the experiment. It is well known that opera tions were carried on seven miles from Salt Lake with a view of discovering petroleum, and if the substance Been in the bay is oil we may be on the eve of a most important dis covery. It may be mentioned that 130 tons of Victorian wheat arrived at Kingston, Lace pede Bay, Port Caroline or Maria Creek, as it is variously called, on Thursday. After the deputation several of the prominent towns people had dinner with the parliamentary party, and the visitors then left by special train for Lucindale. 