Catholic IMoccsnn Council. ; In our last issue wo reported briefly the opening oE the first diocesan council of the Catholic Church in the diocese of Goulburn, which took place in the Cathedral on Wed licsdoy ; nnd promised . a full report of the sermon preached on the occasion by the Very Rev. Father Gallagher. At the termination of High Mass, and after receiving the stole! from the hands of the Bishop, • The Very Rev. John Gallagher, president of St. Patrick's College, ascended the pulpit • nnd said :-f!.Wherever, a few.are gathered , to gether- in .My. name, .there I am, in the. midst olthciiA" fMyUordVvery reverend arid>rever end fathers, and doar brethren : Some time ago I was asked by Hist Iidrdsliip to give the instruction inside the-solemn episcopal Mass,, whicfi j opens E the; first J diocesan synod |(cele-l brated with full canonical formalities) in the diocese of Goulburn ; and I could think ; of nothing more appropriate than to direct jjouV attention for a few moments to- the his i tory, the meaning, the usefulness, < nnd , the different kinds of ecclesiastical councils.; ,. If-1 weary your patience by repeating what yqu know i yourselves,more fully, and, could express .jnore . nently 'than,i,iyou must'bear with/mo a little. Councils, in the most extended, sense of the wordj' find their'origin and their prototype in; . that...coming,, together in Jerusalem of,'the ' Apostles; and tlio ancients mentioned in the 15th chapter of tlio Acts. Certain Judaisers, " wo are there told, had arisen amongst them' ,:.wffo7iftuglit tlio hre{h^en|that"ii uiilessj Jbh'ey objured the lo^v, of, Mo3os. and were circum cised,'' they 'could ' not be' saved! United together under tlie ^presidency of St. Peter, the Apostles and'the ancients enacted the fol '■'"'lowing decree " Jt'hatli seemed'good to the . ,'HplyiGhost and to us to lay no further burden upon you than these necessary: tliings^that '- you 'abstain'' from things ■sacrificed i to : idols,. '* :t'roni blood and from strangled things," thus, burying the synagogue with honour, and supplying, the first authoritative decision and model s of a' council to .the infant Church. Though not absolutely, nccessary for the cxis . tence of tlie Church, they are eminently useful, r. nnd characterise chiefly those,. epochs, of ,her : 11 history !in 'which'slid' put fprth 'most, signally herJ divine energy * in- checking tlie -' spread of1 heresy, in repressing :intornol discord, in unfurling her glorious banner for the conquest ( [ ©f the', nntions.( Hardly1 had ,'the - Christian ;, fiiith.iby ,the defeat of- Licinius, under,the walls ' •;>«< < of" Chalccdon- in 324, assured its victory .over , 'Paganism,- when heresy1 rose- up to11 sever > its: unity—to , divide the seamless . • garment of j tho spouse: of Christ.' j .Arius, ;,who in ^portly presence^ in insatiable ' ambition, j in .''' fictitious piety, in indomitable energy, and in j.the, subtle, magic of,.a graceful style, as in /priority; of^.timo, waSMfitted, to.:b'o tho model \- f.i'andu the'prince of licresiarclisj sought to deny tlio divinity'of our Lord!;-and, by an^insinu atingi rationalism,'render'abortive the great < socrifice which® three centuries before our Divine Lord had consummated on'Calvary for tlie salvation, of tho world. ; To meet this W flioresy'jWasltlio council-of Nice, tho first general council'-.1'of* tho- Church,' >convened;'.* It'.pro nounced',, its;, authoritativo decision. The provincial 'councils of'-Milo!ii',oftiltimeni, and py of j Alexandria, animated by. the master, spirit, of tlio groat.Athan'asius, followed, in its wake and promulgated 5 its' decrees.-' Tho world, which liad been surprised to find itself Avian, l i'becaniot Christian; . ohco; ragaiii. ••Arianism ^ ^vanish'ccl into nir — into4 thin v/ air," like tho " baseless s fabric; of i a dream," as all, . heresies are sure to do.- Again,- eight centu-' ries'u had;, 'com6 and' gone."' T'llb' ldngi "and-, j,assured' occupation, of- Spain bytho - Moslem, .• v.) and tho threatened capture of Constantinople, ' *3ihd forced from .menaced' Christendom-,o.- cry [of'despair.'?;*' Tlie convocation-of the council of ^ Clerniont was' the answer. '£6]that appeal., .' At ythe;biddingi oftlio Pontiff, Europo rose in iits \- niight. With tlio cross for their banner and " God wills.it" their watchword, with enthu siasm in'spired 'by-tho cotincil of Clernidnt, ij.'intlicy,!formed; tho, resolve that (the r Christian? iiationshshduld notiibo i enslaycd^tliat tlio* Y;y,f Gross,-, not ithq Crescent, should .give laws to •V 'th'ev^vorltK^ _Tlie'>'vcrusades^that-'grcat!'niili tary il8pUlso^-<''to?'SvhieUy',Bttropo owes its ■ freedom from tho stagnation and tho despot o£:--tlidr- East—derived < their origin and i ij borrowed their-enthusiasm from a.cpuncil of tlio* Church. .'Passi we over.,, four,,centuries more,—centuries'than' which history furnishes \is with''lioii'e'jiiiore intcrcsiing,' none more ' s~ tprogressivcjn all tlie- ,wido fields,of jinatorial ^ndvanceindnt^v of* mental vigour, £ of J moral .strength,of .g)orj;.f..^«ropo0^nlrcady in possession of nearly .all those..linprovenients ... vwhich, minister to fthq adornment pv. ,-to- lliq, u\\\ ScoAi'fdrts of liiaii.l V'Tho worldUind b'ddii thrown open for his occupation just , nearly as it is =to day.^'Tlio-galleys of'Venice j of Genoa, and of ,1a(JvSpaiinfploughod. all, tho ,seas? anil, brought ,lr ; li^nck' for liisrcnjoyVndnt'the'lukuVid& of''nil tho. zones. Three centuries of so-called progress' ^lny^added Jittlojto whatrEurope, had already tTcliioved in thoi'ciencc'of Vdvenimeiit, in the fjfe^ncjfcics 9f^Kft^cP?J?4^I1PAombji^j8hmeiits..of. •••'"'peace. Tho, fine arts'' had "reached* their meridian1; ^tlio'ffljtaisscrncc■ or revival of letters lind unfolded to his admiring gaze- tho classic masterpieces of Greece nnd Rome.- In those days Luther nnd his associates or rivals in heresy,bringing to bear novelty of doctrine nnd laxity of morals on minds puffed up with the vanity of limnnn knowlege, or intoxicated with the marvellous exuberance of invention and discovery, had alrendylead nearly onc-lialf and threatened soon to lead the other, half of the Christian world from the great highway of truth into the countless by-paths of heresy and schism.It; was then that the' voice'. of 'the Supreme Pastor summoned together' the wisdom, the piety, the zeiil|' the experience of the scattered episcopate to ' take' counsel and devise means in'the old city of Trent;' Yes, it was the great Council' of Trent which, aided by the provincial councils of Spain, nnd especially of Milan, arrested the onward pro gress of the' new teaching, dealt it' a' blow fromr which it staggered, reeled, nnd, after-n long arid. tortuous endeavour, foil. Like Hercules of tlie fable, the Council'of Trent scotched the hydra-head, of heresy by its definitions of dogma, while, by 4its renovation ofv discipline," it -clennsed out the Augean stables^ wliicli laxity had allowed'to accumu late in only too many corners of the7 Church's wide domain.' Again for'almost three cen turies the Catholic fnith hnd well nigh disappeared from Erigland. Persecution ,had done its'work. Even the gliost of its former self dared hardly come out from its, hiding, and*5 revisit; for n moment < of' loii^ing^ regret, the scenes of its,ancient,glory. But almost in our own day its Hierarchy wus re-established) Canonical.discipline has been re-introduced ; nnd-already > the four- Provincial Councils of Westminster, backed by the. diocesan synods systematically' convened; have matured into the beauteous aiul: abundant frnifs of" Jh glorious summer—the plantings of its' second spring. Yes, my dear brethren, whenever and in ,whatsoever country, councils-—whether plerinry,"provincialj or'diocesan—continued to be held, there (I think history, tells us), faith flourished, :discipline was maintained,,, error was suppressed^ religion guided and blessed .the: onward: march of progress, social- and material ; and the Church energised through her ten thousand instruments pf beneficence; and enlightenment for' the advancement ofj humanity: andnthe ,salvation of the souls of; men. ' But when nndf where they ceased to be; convened,' there abuses multiplied, fervour; waxed cold, errors crept, in,'! unity of action; disappeared, divine worship was neglected, the' wolf of secularism got admission to the fold, rind at the coming.of the evil1 day the' crozier fell from the .nerveless, grasp of the chief rulers—the sheep .were scattered rind tlie shep •herds fledi ij Witness England1 at the time of < the' so-called1 * reformation, and France J when the revolution came. Councils are divided into^t'wo^ classes—general - and Cpnrticular. 'General'- councils are defined to bo >('. assem blages • convened by legitimate authority; to treat:'of ecclesiastical, affairs, on which the .bishops pronounce judgment,'1 In r them; the Bishops of the habitable world, " Oikodmene," 'brought 'together by the^ Sovereign 'Pohtifij, 'and '/pronouncing,with/ .freedom; ;under liis guidance nre invested with' thrit' infallability regarding faith andvmorals i with: which),God has , willed to ,ehdow His Church. Tlieyare the ''''Rock against whicli the gates of hell shall not prevail for ever." Their disciplinary enactments liove the foreo'of universal laws. Their number, frorir that' of Nice, which free dom from persecution allowed to meet in 825 to proclaim the., divinity of our Saviour, to .that fotltiie iYaticam (in whose;deliberati6ns/it/was your privilege, imy lord,- to .take a share), for which it was:reservcd. to declare the personality of the Godhend, corresponds with 'the onumber of the Christian centuries;";'They;were 19. Called 'together, as it must',be,' from;;>every clime,-r:'SThis rpnrlirimenV'!of'^ nations^ this federation of the world,'—the.most^urgoiit li'ccessity • can alone Jjustifythe convocation of an ecumenical council. Particular councils crin bo of- three, kinds: (.1)National or -plenary; (2) Provincialor"metropolitan)'; "(8) '.Dio cesan council or.,., synod. A plenary or national council —embraces the bishops of r several ^provhice's, lying^generally^ within^tlio, 'limiil of dilation orVpuntjiy, rind is'fconvoked^ and presided'over' by' nrii!Apostolic Delegate specially commissioned" by tlie Popo-himself. The three plenary councils" 6f ';Briltimoro in •Mnrylandj of, .the United ..States—the most numerous ..arid, the most important'of modern times; which . have done \ so much to purify- the discipline,''to "'consolidate the power, ^to. put *" religious. fnith abreast ,the gigantic,* 'the lawful J. iirogressy of. Itlie'i tgrerit' Republic ofithe'iAVest—aro noble examples of a plenary council and its^bencficinloresqltjs; its impressive'grarideur, ■ its 'authoritative in fluence, its diffusive.'and'propagating faculty. Such, too,- will bo- tlio council already sum moned to meet in our metropolitan city on tlio 1-ith. of ,.noxt November—tlio,,first, plenary co'iivention 'of _our' universal episcopate-^tho' first national council'of'this-'fair Southern' world. Our praycrs^-yours and mine—are:: asked^o bej offered )up'-iiiccssahtiy from now; till then,'thai God may vbless tlio labours !of' this great council; that God may direct, this' iwisdbmWndv. experience) of our (episcopate |to ■prudent'legislation >; •> that by apt ,disciplino, by,; skilful' rogimcir,1 they' may 1 mould the gaunt and awkward' youth of' our'vprecocious but' hopeful{Church iiito tlio H' fulness of; - the" stnturo ofihe porfect man," "for the perfec tion of the saints)'for the work of the minis try, unto the edification of the body lot Christ'."' '(Ep. !xv,f 12()' 'They will com'o together'to devise ways 'and1 means to carry out the purpose ''for '-which our Divine Lord diction the cross,—to. save men,.to bind them itogctlici^iii ;unit^.a'nd_rcharity,'to make them, lead liolyoniulj- oxcmplary/,-lives. They will seektitoi introduce; that ifruitful organisation -which vthoisHoly .Ghost breathcdi /into* the; Church from her curliest beginnings. - They -wilFsTrivo" to "establish tliat Salutary discip line'by Vvhich the saints awakened1 and,directed tlio'energies' of pastoral solicitude. : It will bo their jaim to regulato ecclesiastical goycrn ment by subordination of outhorities,' under that security of responsibilities nnd oblign gntions ..fixed by law, which ,is the parent of energy—under that influence of unity, whicli 'is !tlio secret of strength. Their.dutyut will bo to guide and to still further develop the ,yoluntnry system (as it is ' called) into that complete organisation of active zeal nnd 'direction on the part of the bishops and priests rind of generous co-operntion on the part of the ])cople, which will be an ample substitute for the, patronage of the Stale. Freed from the leading-strings of the secular power, proud of her " glorious privilege of being indepen dent," having passed through her period of, ' pupilage and novitiate, the Church of Aus'-.. tralia will stand erect in her native majesty,' shiniftg with no borrowed light, confidin'g in her strength, conscious of her loveliness, attracting by her majestic influence from every class the pure, the generous, the brave; revenl ing,like the majestic Queen of Olympus (in the language of the poet), the presence of the Deity by her every step—vera ittcessu patuit Dea. God grant that, totally absorbed in this high and holy object, they may arise above this nether region of storms and clouds and soar into the pure atmosphere of God, where controversy nor contention aroused by human passion shall dare intrude. When the Bishop calls' together the clergy of his diocese, in-order to treat of matters appertaining to the .pastoral charge or to the care; of souls, it is called a diocesan synod. The annual celebration of diocesan synods is en joined by>a etntulc of the Council of Trent, from which gravest inconvenience of time, place, or circumstances, can, under penalty of ; sin, alone oxcuse. To promulgate and carry ■ into effect the plenary or provincial statutes; 'to select those whomil;the-Wisdomof 1 the ; Ohurcli wishes, under tlie> various -names, of synodalcs, examinatores, judices cauearum:, to, lessen the anxieties and to shore, in some measure, the heavy burden of episcopal solici tude ; to adopt sucli practical means as:may seem best , calculated, . under .temporary or local circumstances, to increase tho' fervour by quickening'the zenl of- our people by. opening up for the allaying of their spiritual thirst new springs of piety, sealed fountains of devotiortf' ' SucK are some of the topics which,' on to-day ■ and " -to-morrow/' will engage the attention of the united pasto rate, and call out all the resources of their enlightened .zeal. , Ai}d now, my dear brethren, let us carnestlj' beg of God', not only for our deliberations in the present .synod, but jn view of our first great national I council in November, that He may give to our episcopate wisdom, andi fqrtitudc and prudence ; that He may send down His Holy Spirit' to enlighten them, and. guide them in , .all their counsels. Let us pray that God may give to each of the clergy.liglit to know that which is' right"arid grace to perform it witli all' his strength.' Let ms: ask .God, that _ He may be'stpw upon this fair young land of ours (ours by adoption or by birth). that greatest blessing which oven His mercy can bestow on a people 'or, iv nation —that,He may.give, us in the present,'and raise up in ever-increasing numbers from tho sons of the soil, as the, years roll - on,, a, tlioly, an enlightened, and n zealous priesthood,' . A; priesthood according.to His o\yn heart—one to realise the ideal of St. Paul,—holy,- inno cent) .undefiled, ,sopar{ited _ froin^sihnprs,,, et, excelsior coelia/actus, wmdo higher. tlmn ,tlic heavens men certainly, not angels ; but who, because they are men, encompassed with infirmity, can have compassion ons tjhoso. who are ignorant. and;who.crr, v Men,''enlightened, and tender mid true, tho fervour of whoso ,burn ing zeal nothing, can eludo—with a soul to pity and a hand open as the air to melting icliarity. Wo tlio priests, on our part,! should not cease; to lift up clean hands and pure liearts-^-like Moses- on-tlio -mountain, top,in. ,tlip battle ,of tho Amalikites—that tho .enemies kofvitho salvatibii'of our. people may .not, prevail;' i That God may grant to thorn a siraplqlfnitiilniid?a humble-' spirit of dutiful -compliance' with: the: practices of our holy religion. , That to (the munificient • generosity, which;is .erecting; on such a permanent basis, the material structure;. moy'; be added' "that, example. of .enlightened, piety and virtuous life which they ctln" hand down as the most precious heirloorii to their: children. God grant that as each of us .is called away-ito give'nn! account of -his stewards ship at the tribunal of the Great Judge: __li0 ,,nifly;,j.bo .ablp sto^say, liko, our -Divine Saviour to ' Sisj pternaL'"Father, , " Of them Thou hftst,.girenj'mej.. .lost, 110, not 'even ' " .. . r\ "tf... , \:.L: ! • 1 _ 