CURRENT EVENTS. The first spike of n tramway to run through tlio city of Brisbane was driven 011 Tuesday. During a heavy storm in the vicinity of Ho'mn last wcok^'Juhecp were struck dead by lightning. • . A heavy full of snow 1ms blocked tlio entrance to Mont Conis Tunnel and completely stopped tlio treilU'.. One hundred and 0110 persons havo. signed n peti tion praying for tliu establishment of a volunteer corps ul livg'i. . Tho lot il rainfall in Sydney lrist year was forty four inoliOK, wliicli is ft}- incliMt holotr tho livcvugo of tlio preceding tvyenl-y-Hve years. Tirolro hundred boot < operatives in Melbourno re noivtiil iouk-ouli pay on Aionlav. Over .EiiOGO lias been pn'ul iiinot; the strike began ton weeks) ago. Messrs Uarriciv nml Murray Riui.li are urging the Briikdi Government to ask Germany to surrender her claim to tlio northern portion of New Guinea. J'ldgar Vincent, of London, who is going to marry Ijiifly Uludya Lonadulo, in lift. Din. tall, while tlio lady herself stan Is lift.in her stookings, nuking it literally a marriage in hi^li life. Sir William Dos Viimx, Governor of Fiji, will re turn lo Tiuglaud in .February, anil us soon as possible, afior that (into theadiuinistration of tho Cruveniineiit of i'iji will bo entrusted to. Mr. Thurston. It estimated that the loss 011 tlio wheat crop of South Australia 111 emismpioiiuo of tho high win I3 before harvest itvoraged a bushel to the acre, or about 50,000 tons destroyed or scattered in the fields. On Saturday last Messrs. Cobb and Go's, coach was overturned by a tornado at Ihq Adelong crossing. Tlicru were only two passengers in the vehicle at tlio time, and. thoy fortunately escaped without injury. A telegram lias been received-at the department of mines to tho eliect that boring with tho diamond drill at the Loconfield .Estate, near Mailland, a seam of coal 8ft. Gin. thick has been struck at a depth of GUI feet., An additional by-law for tho Municipality of Petersham provides that no corpse shall bo interred in any existing or now cemetery within tho distance of 100 yards from any building or road, under a pen alty not oxeceding .-IJiiO. The drink bill of the colony for 188.'}, according to the Local Option League's manifesto, wan computed : at .lil,!i5Q,!)2-l, or .£5 Os-ld.per head of tlio population. :'J'ho amount in tlio mother country was iii) 12s. par. head for tno same period. . jVXr. Malcom's ostrich farming company at Barossa (South Australia) show a small profit on the past half-year's operations. Tho company now pos sess ii-I I birds, and foathera'valuod at iS'JOil werosoid during tho past six months. The obsequies of the Jute Br. Quinn, Roman Catholic Bishop of Bathurst, were carried out on Sunday with much ceremony. Tho Bishops of Goul burn and Maitland assisted. A large number of other prelates were present, and the cathedral was. cL'owdcd in every part. Tlio- remains were interred in tho cathedral, alongside-of tho bodies of Dean Grant and Pathcr Corish. Tlio total amount contributed in England to tho Frero memorial fund is, it is stated,' now over £10,000, and to this will have to ho added the amounts subscribed in connection with the. subsi diary funds opened in Jtidin and nt tho Capo. Tho whole of tlio money subscribed, with tho exception of about .£1)000 for tho statue, will be handed over to the family of tlio deceased statesmen, Lady Frero having, after considerable hesitation, given hor con Rent to this form of tribute to lier husdnnds memory being adopted.. A snd.cnHa.of-snicido took plaoo at Tonlorfiohl last Sunday. A German farmer, living about two miles from town, was found in the afternoon lying 011 his verandah in a pool of blood with, the half of his skull blown oil'. Ho appoars to, have placed a gun near his right jaw and fired it., Deee/ised was in good cir cumstances but lived alone. His manner lias been very poculiar lately. A coionor's inquest was hold 011 Monday, wlicn a .verdict was returned lo tho elTect that deceased commitlod suicide whilst, labouring under temporary insanity.. Public Opinion.—On almost everything created by no biro or manufactured by- the slcill- of man there is a diversity of opinion.. Sometimes tho contrasts are so manifest and striking as to lqad ono tq tho conclusion; that' tlio mind - of one of the two ob servers.must be a little out of order. On tho works' of great poots, architects, historians, novelists, and actors thoso contrasts of opinion aromost frequent. But 110 two opinions havo as yet been expressed oil1 the cxcolloncc of workmanship and beauty of finish , Miv A, ftittcr, painter, graincr, and decorator of. Moss Vale, always introduces into the work entrusted to.his caie.—Aclv.. Horrible.revelations on tho Bourke railway- lino have come to light It is reported. that a child;.8 years old, was criminally assaulted by. a married man. The mother, homing screams, made haoto, and saw the 1111111 leaving tho child. 'Tho navvies then rushed at him, when lie soi'/.cd a shovel in do fonco, and challenged any man to tight. Ono' mail was selected, and after fifteon rounds the man was defeated. Tho child wan fearfully injured internally, presenting a frightful spectaelo. The mother Btates that previously the Kamo man asked her to givo him tho child, but slio rofusod. A post-olTico has been established at Jrinto, on tho Great Southern railway lino, hear Campbclltown. Tho eldest. daughter of Sir Saul Samuel,the agent genmul for Now South Wales, was married on De cember i, in tho lirilish HmhaMsy, Koine, to Captain Thompson, of tho I', and 0. Co'h. sorvico. Tho Cionoral I'ost.-olllcu, "Melbourne, will shortly bo lighted by electricity, all arrangements having lwon woll-nigh completed. " Trial lightings havo proved that tho apparatus is in good working order, and when the finishing touches havo been given, tho installation will perhaps bo tho most complete and satisfactory south; of tho lino. Tho engines and dynamos mo of tho latoiit and most approved descrip tion, and neither pains nor axponso has licon spared to make tho wliolo arrangements as perfect as pos sible. It is calculated that u oonHidorablo saving will bo effected by tho adoption o£ tho claotric light. A lady has been taken up for child stealing in London undor very remarkable circumstances. Her linsband seems to Iiavohad a passion forbahios, vory unusual with tho patorfamilias of ordinary Iifo; and she was blessed with iiono of her own. Whenever sho found his flagging affection noodod a stimulus, sho stole a baby, and roprcsentcd it to hiin as her offspring, A* infants of very tender ago aro moro difficult to kidnap from their mothers than those who take their airings in the streets in tho arms of Mary Jane and .leniima Ann, these importations in to tho family circle were considered (and no wonder) extraordinarily llnu for their ago, and gave always the greatest satisfaction. After six years of domes tie happiness, however, tho system has broken down, and it is Oitly too probable Hint paterfamilias will bo deprived of all his little ones at 0110 fell swoop, i Such wliolesomo bereavement, if not absolutely uii i parallod, may bo considered vory unusual. j " Pit," said a little follow to his mialmvon i fiifhor, " Your cliiu looks like the wheel iu i ti musical box." I At a mooting of tho Victorian Criekat i ors' Association held last wool;, Judge Wil ! lianis sevoroly condemned the action of tho i members of tho Into Australian Eleven in refusing to play against Shaw's Eleven in tho lalomatch, ancl a motion was passod disqualifying thora from talcing part in tho association matches. An inquest was held at Hackney, Eng land, on the body of [forbort liich, aged 15, who died from strangulatiou. Mrs. Rich, tho boy's mother, said that up to Sunday last her son was in good health. Ho was very fond of ■ roiuling, and was of a lively disposition. On Sunday afternoon sho was horrified to lincl him banging by a piece of cord which was fastened to a rail of a half tester bedstead in his room. Ho was quite dead. She could not account for her son's death except that lie bad' been playing-at hanging. The jury returned a. verdict of death by misadventnro. Wo learn from an .English exchango that tho Wesleyan body at Wikswortli aro.about to romove from tho old chapel, near tlio Millhonses, whevo Elizabeth Juvans—the protolypo of Dinah Morris, in " Adam Bcdo" —preached for many yoars. A sito for a now ■chapel has been given, and it is inton ded that tlio structure shalfc be n, " Bcdo Memorial Chiipol," erected" to tho glory of God, and'in momory ofElijiubolh Evans, immortalised as Dinah Morris by Georgo Eliot in her novel of "Adam JJeda." Several liberal contributions havo been pro mised, and the oommittoo intend appealing fur tho £1500 roqtiirod—not only to the Methodist body at large, but to tho readers of "Adatu Iiedo" throughout all hinds. ,": At about eight o'clock on Sunday-evening (remarks the Gundagai Times) the children of Mr. George Smart, of Nangus, were re turning from a walk, and not suspecting anything unusual in their path one of the girls, about nine years of age, stepped near where a black snake lay coiled up in the dust. The reptile instantly wound itself round her ankle, but the action of the child in endeavouring to shake it off kept it from biting her. At length she succeeded, when the reptile directly made straight to the eldest girl and followed her twice round a tree. Being frightened the children screamed, but their cries were misunderstood for play by their parents, and;it was not till their return home all of a tremble and as white as ghosts that their danger was known. A careful examination proved that Annie was not bitten, but she says the snake " pinched her hard" round the ankle. 