I HERE AND THERE. - It is said by those who profess to be in the inner ring of Imperial politics that the visit of the Prince and Princess of Wales to Ire- land is largely due to the earnest persuasions of Mr Gladstone, and that while the ostensible object of that visit is to test the loyalty and propitiate the good opinion of the Irish people, the Premier has another end in view. If the Prince should be everywhere well re- ceived, Mr Gladstone will not consider it necessary to renew the Crimes in Ireland Act. If, on the other hand, the heir to the throne should meet, as he has done in the south, with any marked insult, so much in dignation would be aroused in England and Scotland as would render the re-enactment of that measure not only possible but popular. There is a venerable story of a sporting parson dropping a pick of cards from his pocket as he mounted the pulpit stairs, and adroitly taking advantage of the accident, to preach an excellent sermon on what the Puritans used to call "the Devils Bible." But comparatively few persons, we believe, are conversant with the old historical signi- ficance of playing cards. The four suits typified the different orders of society- Hearts, or gens de chœur, the clergy , spades, the nobility ; diamonds, representing the carreaux, or tiles, with which the floors of urban houses were paved, the citzen. ; and clubs, the peasantry. The four kings repre sented David Alexander, Cæsar, and Charle- magne, and the four queens, Argine (the anagram of Regina), Esther, Judith, and Pallas, signifying high birth, piety, fortitude, and wisdom , each of these having a knave or valet in court apparel. This is what one of the most widely circu- lated journals in New York says of the social condition of that city - "Never since the days of Rome, drunken with the lust of conquestand debauched with appetites that demanded crimes for amuse ment has the world seen a community hurried so near to the Charybdis of social and political danger by its own prosperity as ours. Riches easily acquired have assumed the aspects of legerdemain and the propor- tions of national disaster. The very pleti tude of national resources, that should make millions happy with homes and glad with Gods bounty, has evoked from the bowels of the earth that monster, the Monopolist, has crowned the ignoble with the insignia. and strung them with the sinews of tyranny." Lord Palmerston's prediction concerning Mr Gladstone has often been quoted of late, but almost invariably without correctness. It was made in a private letter, and became public property during the lifetime of the former, very much to his annoyance. His words were these -"He will first destroy the Irish Church, next the English, and, if he lives, establish a republic, but he will probably be confined in a madhouse before he accomplishes the last. As an administrator, Mr Gladstone has never found an equal, and in his budget orations he has managed to touch with poetic beauty even finance. But he is unskilled as a party leader and manager of men, being simple and confiding as a boy." M. Andrieux, an ex-prefect of the French police, having become the proprietor of a newspaper called La Ligne, has been lifting up one corner of the curtain which conceals the doings of the French spies, and has shown that the system of espionage is just as perfect and minute under the Republic as it was under the Empire. A record is kept in the archives of the Prefecture of the career and character, the antecedents and movements, of hundreds of thousands of French men and women. From the President to the rag- picker, nobody who is likely to trouble the Government is overlooked. The club, the wine shop, the salon of the haute monde, and the haunts of the low, all are are watched by the secret agents of the police. According to M. Andrieux, a man's coachman, his mistress, his barber may be a mouchard. It used to be said, in the time of Napoleon III, that-outside of family gatherings-no 12 persons could sit down to table without having at least one spy among them. Things are unchanged in this respect. Some of these agents mix with the working people, and even harangue socialist meetings, the better to worm themselves into the confidence of conspirators and malcontents. Others fre- quent the best society, and are Imperialists, Royalists, or Republicans, according to the set in which they move. Some receive a fixed salary, while others are paid by results, but the surveillance is universal and com plete. According to Mr Justin M'Carthy, who has just been giving his impressions of House of Commons oratory and orators, the occupants of that Chamber dislike new illustrations, fresh quotations, and jokes with the bloom of novelty on them. Sir William Harcourt is said to be in the habit of dealing out the most venerable stones and similes, and they are always warmly ap- plauded. The voice of Jacob and the hands of Esau, Mahomet's coffin and Shylocks pound of flesh, are constantly turning up, and are never unacceptable. Mr M'Carthy writes -" Nothing can equal our delight at these ever welcome, familiar visitations. It saves us trouble. We have not to rack our brains to discover the exact meaning of a quotation or to find the point of a joke. That citation about dissembling our love and kicking some one downstairs was heard three times almost simultaneously during the late debates on the Reform Bill and the House of Lords. It was spoken by the Lord Chancellor in the House of Lords, by Lord Hartington in the House of Commons, and by Mr Chamberlain on a public platform. It was greeted with a cordial welcome in each place I am fond of applause myself, and I intend, therefore, to make use of the same quotation on the earliest opportunity when the House of Commons resumes its sittings after the Christmas holidays. " Trinculo's asset non that "Misery acquaints a man with strange bedfellows" was never more literally verified, perhaps, than in the case of Frederich von Bismarck, an officer in the Würtemberg Light Horse, who accom named Napoleon to Russia, had three horses killed under him at Borodino, and brought 65 of his regiment alive out of the battle. On the retreat from Moscow, when he was so weak from fatigue and hunger that he had to be strapped on to his saddle to keep him from falling, he entered a farmhouse one night crowded with soldiers, and could find no other room, we are told, " than by pushing a soldier, just dead, a little aside and resting his head upon him as on a pillow " And it was a question on this night which of the two slept soundest, the corpse or the weary officer. Where the following little incident hap- pened, it would be imprudent, if not im- proper, to relate, as it might lead to the iden- tification of the worthy old lady more immediately concerned. Enough to say that she is a highly respectable Scotchwoman, somewhat tart of tongue, perhaps, and not at all pleased with her husbands affection for whisky. One night, when he had been carousing at a friends house rather later than usual, she induced her brother to enact the part of a ghost hoping to frighten Dun- can out of his jovial habits . "And who may y0u be?" calmly inquired the belated wayfarer, as the apparition rose from behind a wayside bush. "I'm auld Nick," was the reply ' Come awa', mon," rejoined Duncan, ' gie's a shake o' your han'. I'm married tae a sister of yours." The ghost never walked again. "Stepniak," in a letter bearing date the 4th of February last, states that the Nihilists in Russia are quietly working to bring about a coup d'etat which will overthrow the Go vernment by open, though unexpected, assaults on it in the capital, and then in the principal centres of administration. They will do so by means of a military conspiracy, which is represented as having spread with remarkable velocity. Some idea of its strength may be formed from the number of arrests which have been made of officers implicated in treasonable practices during the last three years. These have comprised 41 in the infantry, 27 in the artillery, and 14 in the navy. "Stepniak' adds that the military officers arrested have been the flower of the army, and he enumerates, for example, Lieutenant Colonel Aschenbrenner, who is covered with orders , Captain Pochetonov, who has six decorations for valour in action , and Stromberg Tichonovik and others Military adherents are being gained daily, and " Stepniak" regards the overthrow of the Government as being " within reach." 