True hfrom the First AND FALSE TO T Ele LAbT ". OGAPTER XII.--Continued. 'Yes- that is the name, I believe. The same vessel runs in the bay at re gular intervals, but we have never been annoyed in any way by the people belonging to her. She has been flying about in a singular manner for the last two days, but I hardly think we are concerned in any way with her affairs.' ' I hope not, but this seems very peculiar. Some one belonging to her has evidently been here lately. Could the owner of this have come to visit Bodine? He denied persistently that any one was talking with him in his room last night, but I am certain I heard two voices. Yet how could a visitor have got into his room after the house was closed ?' 'Only through the door papa mentioned. I never heard of it be fore this morning, and it is strange anyone from the Eslperanza knows the secret of opening it. Moreover, what business should they have with an utter stranger in this country like Mr. Bodine ?' 'No one knows what underhand dealings such a man as he may hav'. If the captain of the smugglar visited Bodine last night, it must have been to bring him to an account from what he has taken from Deadman's Clearing. The smugglers have held possession of it so long unmolested, that they naturally think they have a claim on what was found on it.' ' But he declares that he brought nothing away but the paper he showed us,' said Aimee, with eyes shining with excitement. 'I am certain that he was as false in that statement as in everything else. If Calderon really left anything to be sought after, Bodine found it there, and has appropriated it. As I said before, he is only leading your father into a snare which is designed to ruin him and place him in Bodine'spower.' 'It is dreadful to think that papa has fallen under the influence of so bad a man as you think him, Guy. Let us go to the room he slept in and examine the door for ourselves. 'We can tell if it has beeoon lately, opened. I suppose.' Ai cher at once assented to the pro posal, and they returned to the house to find Jane dusting and arranging the furniture in Bodine's apartment. She laughed and said-- 'You an' Mr. Guy has come to see that door your pa talked about this mornin' at the table. I found all the cheers piled up agin it, as if that young man whatsalept in here las'night was afread somebody'd git through in the night. There warn't much danger o' that though, for the only man that knowed the spring besides master is dead long ago, I'm sure.' 'Do you know anything about the door, and why it was placed there ?' asked the young mistress. ? The woman shook her head mysteri .ously. 'There's secrets in all families, an' them that was consarned wi' that is all dead and gone, so it's no use tellin' tales.' The curtain was 'drawn back, and the recess laid bare to the light. The ,~swinging shelves reached half way to the floor, and the existance of a door behind them would scarcely have been suspected by one unfamiliar with the room. A few old books, the most of them Spanish, were "piled up with little regard to order, and on removing some of these, the rusty bolt Bodine had vainly tried to move was dis covered. Archer vainly sounded every part of the wall that was accessible, hoping to find the spring which closed it. Disgusted with his want of success, he turned away, and said 'I think this opening cannot have beenused lately, though how Bodine ,came to discover this entrance, and pile' furniture against it, I cannot ·imagine. His eyes must be very sharp, or the man Jane says is dead, must have come back in spirit and revealed it to him last night. That will account. for the voices I heard, perhaps.' Jane solemnly said 'If you heard anything uncommon, it was poor Miss Nina. This used to be her room, an' she died in that corner yonder. She cwalks; I tell you I knows it, for I've heerd mighty strange noises coming out of this here room many a time.' 'I declare, Jane, I thought you had more sense than to talk in this way,' •said Aimee. 'If the room is haunted, why did you arrange it for the use of "a stranger ?' Because it was the best one after . Mr. Archer's. You may believe me or not, Miss.Aimee, but I kuows what I knows; Miss Ninai said she'd come hadR,, and I believe she does. ''Very well "then, let her come; and it she succeeods in driving Mr. Bodine away altogether, she will do us.a, goodl turn; Wheln ie comes back, you may put him in this room with the ghost', . . . She walked out with the air of a princess, and Archer, after lingering a moment or two to ,look routidf the room, followed, her to the front entrance, where Mtr. Rosiere .was alighting from the carriage, looking worn and jagded, but secretly exultant over some hope that had newly arisen on his miid. As the loveras disappeared, Jno opened her left hand, which she had hitherto ' kept "firmly dlosdd, and suffered the light from the open win dow to fallorn a diamond of unusual size' and brilliancy, which she had found on the floor near the table. She softly muttered:' 'I oiight to have showed it to Miss Aimeoe, but shie offended me talkin' the way she did, and now I'll.keep it till: Mr. Bodine comes back hisself' 'Jainei in' her vexation with her yoping lady, unconsciously 'ivitlhh~old that which would have saved her from the deeuest sorrow; .from the most relenitless foe -that could menace her fitctire peace and happiness. Bodine had taken out the diamond parure on the previous night to ascer tain how it had fared in his rough experience of the morning; the set ting was broken in several places, and the stones loose, but he was not conscious of having dropped one of the most valuable gems belonging to the set. It was one of four large rose dia mends forming the hlart of a lMaltese cross; they were peculiar in colour, and much difficulty had been found in matching them. If Mr. Rosiere or bis daughter had soon this diamond, they would at once have recognised it, and thus have become aware that Bodine had actually possessed himself of the concealed treasure. The woman, faithful at heart to her owners, suffered a monetary pique to sway her in this important crisis, and after putting the room in order she went to her own apartment and care fully concealed the gem where her husband would not be apt to find it. In the meantime Mr. Rosiere came in and cheerfully addressed the young people-? 'I have had a delightful drive with a most.agreeable companion. I had no idea that Bodine had matured into so clever a man. He is unusually intelligent, and brings out his stores of thought and information so natu .rally and modestly, that I was quite charmed with him. The lovers exchanged a glance which the speaker intercepted and understood. He hastily added 'I know that you are both preju diced against him, but when you come to feel that he is our best friend -our benefactor, indeed-you will be sorry to remember. how . unjust you have been to him.' 'I only hope, sir, thalt we shall have good cause to change our opinion,' replied Archer, respectfully. 'No one will.rejoice more than I, if Bodine's representations are not intended to mislead one who places such implicit confidence in them. as he seems to have won from you.' 'There you go again, iusinuatiug doubts as to his honour. I insist, Guy, that you shall not mention his name at all, unless you can forbear to speak of him as you did just now. My judgment ought to be worth some thing, even if I am not learned in the mysteries of the law. Your pro fession makes you distrustful of men, and that is why you judge him so hardly.' 'Papa, it is you are unjust, now,' cried Aimee, with a sudden fire. 'I never expected to hear you speak in such a manner to Guy. He has been like a son to you for years past, and now you rebuke him for speaking what he thinlks about a man in whom neither he nor I have any confidence. Look whatwehave foundin thegarden, and hear what I have to tell you. Some one from the Esper·anza was in the summer-house last night, and left this souveoir ofhispresence. This morn ing Guy and I encountered one of the seamen in the woods, and he said he had business with you. I believe that the owner .of this came here to see Mr. Bodine, and the voices Guy heard are thus easily accounted for.' Mr. Rosiere took the powder-flask she held towards him, and with a bewildered air read the name on it. He presently said 'I have no dealings with those pe6ple, and what brought any of them to this place is a mystery to me. ABs to Bodine, his explanation satisfied me, and I cannot believe that anyone penetrated to his room last night. Have you examined the door I spoke of? for through that alone could an entrance to the house be gained after we had all retired.' 'Yes, we have done so; and Jane says she found the chairs piled up against it when she went to put the room in order. How Mr. Bodine dis covered the door, carefully as it is concealed, I cannot imagine, unless some one came through it to speak with him, and thus gave him.the in formation that it was behind those shelves.' Mr. Rosiere looked from one to the other, and then coldly said 'That could not be, for I believe that I am the' only living creature who understands the secret of the spring. I discovered it accidentally, and have never communicated my knowledge to anyone. It is very possible that some of the men from the smuggling craft came up here, hoping to find an opportunity to extort something from Bodine; they are in league .ithl the people at the settlement, and they evidently believe that he had brought something valu able from Deadman', Olearing, or they would not have attacked him so fiercelyyesterdaymolrling. gItwastheir voicestGuy'heard iln the garden below his windows and, ilagined ,them to proceed from Bodlins chaminber.' Dinner was announced at this crisis, and they all went in to it. 'Mr. Rosiere ate with more appetite than usual, and exerted himsilf t`o' converse pleasantly with Archer, knowing that this was the last day of his sojourn beneath that roof. After the meal was over he went to his own room to enjoy a siesta, and the' lovers had a long afternoon to thl mselves. The hours passed on wings of light, for both tacitly ignored the subject which had been discussed in all its bearings, and 'tried to forget that a cloud had dallen on the peaceful home which might ere long burstin ruin, sweeping all before it; In the'evening, when supper was ovei, the three gathereid ii tho draw ing room, and Aimeo played the. gay strains her lover liked best, in pro ference to the weird music of which her father was so fond. She feared to touch a chord of sadness on that last night, lest her own high strung courage' should suddenlj break down, and betray the smouldering doubts and fears that' burned so fiercely beneath. the gaiety that was not all assumed-for so sunny was her nature that no misfortune had yet been able to depress her long, and with the semblance. of cheerfulness she soon won the reality. On the following morning Archer bade them a long adieu-perhaps a lasting one, for the dark fate that menaced these three persons was rapidly closing in upon them. CHAPTER XIII. BODINE'S LETTER--.N ECCENTRIO VISI TOR-AN INVITATION ACCEPTED. The days at Oak Cottage passed on their usual monotonous routinetill a letter came from Bodine, which con tained these words ' ST. hMnIBs, OCTOBER 1, 18-. • MR. RosIERE-DEAR SIRn: I on close you a letter I found among those left by Calderon. You will see that across one of its pages, already written over by his correspondent. he has drawn in red ink what I take to to be a solution of the puzzle he sent me to find. As I loft the cipher with you, you can exercise your ingenuity and that of Miss Rosiers in trying to arrive at its meaning. Her acuteness interpreted the handcuffs to mean bonds, and the stars, the jewels you spoke of, and perhaps she can give you efficient aid before I arrive, to afford you such assistance as my dull wits may be capable of. 'I have nearly settled the business that brought me here, but I shall wait to hear from you as to whether you think the affair worth prosecuting, before I set my face towards your charming home. I do not know what influences have been brought to bear upon you since I left,. ond you may by this time have decided that the 'game will not be worth the candle.' If such is your final judgment, I shall accept it as worth more than my own, and give up the chances that we may find what would certainly make us both rich. 'Since thle first flush of hope has faded, I have admitted some doubts myself as to our final success. Wem might destroy our orange grove, which is your only source of income, for the key evidently points to that as the place of concealment, and after all, gain nothing as an equivalent. After weighing all these drawbacks to our enterprise, you can decide for yourself whether you will undertake it. I shall not think hardly of you if you do, for yours will be the greater risk, and I shrink from the thought of bringing misfortune on yourself and your daughter. ' It is true that you may recover a large sum of money, but on the other hand you may be only deluded by the malice of Calderon; yet that cannot be so either, for he never dreamed that I would share with you what he left behind him. If he had, I should never have been the better for his money; the wretched follow seemed grateful to me for my care of him in his last days, and I hardly think he was base enough to play me such a trick. He was willing to lead me a dance, but he meant me to enjoy his fortune, I am certain, and if you finally decline to have anything to do with the business, I must wait till my uncle dies, and I get from his estate enough to enable me to pay you for the orange grove, and prosecute the search for the treasure that I feel a strong presentiment will be found there. 'Let me know your decision as soon as it is made, as it will materially in fluence my movements. Hoping that wisdom will be given you to chose the course best for your own prosperity and happiness, I am, with respects to your daughter, yours sincerely, WALTER BODINE. In the state of mind into which Rosiere had been, wrought by the cunning of the writer of that letter, it was exactly calculated to drive him on to the point desired by Bodine. With feverish haste he spread out the key the schemer had manufactured, and took from his pocket the cipher which had been left with himself. With some difficulty he made out the red lines crossing a closely written business letter addressed to John, Calder several years before, when Calderon was in St. Marks, bearing only a portion of his true name. (To be Coontinued.) 