ECHOES O(F MELBOURNE. (B" TuI GnosT.) After a week's holiday both Houses of the Legislature re-assembled on Tuesday. There was, however; such a ls.ok of work to do that the Council only sat fot a couple of hours, and the Assembly adjourned shortly after nine o'clock. On Wednesday Mr. Service made his budget speech, and, as is the custom of the honourable gentle man, was less prolix in his remarks than most of his predecessors. The Victorian Premier, unlike Mr. Gladstone, is not able to moist his long arrays of dry figures with the interest the "Grand Old Man" can command. But his story was one of pro gress, and, as it is nottintended in any way to increase the present amount of taxation, was, in the main, acceptable to honourable members. The financial rock is evidently not the one on which the Ministry is des tined to be wrecked. Mr. Bent, who, for want of a better, has been for the nonce dubbed the leader of the Opposition, had evidently exhausted his rhetoric on the occasion of the first reading of the bill introduced by Mr. Berry to amend the Licensing Act, for, on the second resaing being moved, the honourable gentleman craved a postpone ment for a week, in order to prepare his weapons of offence. The "second read ing " is felt to be a sham. The real struggle over the measure will take place in com mittee,when tbelocal optionists will try hard to excise the clauses granting compensation to the dispossessed publicans. Whether their method of carrying on the war a l'outrance is likely to benefit them re mains to be seen. The "publican interest" is fairly roused, and as this will become apparent to the people's representatives during the course of the debate, the fear of consequences in the fast approaching February elections may, perlhips, cause more moderate counsels to prevail than were the dread of speedy retribution at the ballot-box not before the eyes of the people's representatives. The sensation of the week in political circles has been the report of the I Board appointed to investigate what is now known as the "Fish Creek scandal," in regard to Mr. Richard son, M.P. The gentlemen- three police magistrates-to whom the investigation was remitted find the member for Cres wick guilty of grave irregularity as a justice of the peace, and certainly anyone looking at the signatures to the now famous "statutory declaration," and the writing in the body of the document, both admittedly in Mr. ltichardson's hand writing, can hardly fail to arrive at the same decision as did Mr. Bret Harte in regard to the conduct of Ah Sin, that "the same, with intent to deceive," was in very truth the honourable RichardRichardson's. It now remains to be seen what course the Government will take, and what steps the culprit will take. That he will resign the Commission of the Peace--on the principle that led the "bastes" in the ballad anent St. Patrick "to commit suicide, to save themselves from slaughter," goes without saying. That he will be content to resign political:life andlits accompanying £300 a year, and the off chance of a Ministerial billet, is more doubtful. Should Mr, Richardson decide on placing his fate in the hands of his constituents, and as a consequence be relegated to private life, of him it may truly be said that he will revert to his original obscurity " unwept, unhonoured, and unsung." The curtain has fallen on the last act of the sensational. drama known as the Simpson-street bank robbery, the four men concerned in the crime having been found guilty. They may congratulate themselves on having got off very cheaply. Three of them were sentenced to six years' im prisonment, while the fourth escaped with a sentence of twelve months. Evidently his Honor Judge Cope is averse to long terms of imprisonment. In fact in passing sentence the learned gentleman expressed his opinion that long terms of inearccration, instead of havinga beneficial effect, often hardened criminals, and caused them from occasional to become luabitual members of the dangerous classes. The shareholders in the Mutual Store are apparently desirous of emulating the "scenes" which occasionally take place in the Legislative Assembly. They meet but to part again after a lot of angry re crimination, and without transacting any of the business which they have been called together to dispose of. Under the circumstances it is difficult to see where the "mutuality" comes in. The chief cause of all the trouble arises owing to the appetite of the directors for board fees, which appear to the shareholders to be inordinately large, and out of all propor tion with either the profits of the concern or the service rendered. Mr. Kerry, the discoverer of gold in New Guinea, is a lucky individual. Despite the irate and befooled shareholders, he is to get off scot free, and not be called upon to supplement his geological knowledge by a practical acquaintance with the nature of bluestone in one of her Majesty's establishments. All the money paid has been returned to the holders of New Guinea scrip, and Mr. Kerry left in possession of his Launceston specimen. So, perhaps, after all there is no great harm done on either side. The lesson taught by the little episode should not be thrown away on intending mininginvestors. Boware of specimen mongers. Despite the churlish conduct of New South Wales, the Enabling Bill gives power to such of the Australian colonies as may be desirous of federating ; the re quisite power, is to be passed during the present session of the British Parliament. Should the parent colony, therefore, decide to join the union, she will have to take " a bock scat "in respect to seniority. Vic toria, Queensland, Tasmania, Western and SSouth Australia are nows the first and senior members of the great Australasian family. It is to be hoped that ore long New Zealand and Now South Wales will see the crron of their ways, and4 uiitoeto make one happy family, July 23. 