CHAPTER XXXII.1 The return from the cliff was another and wonderful experience. Prior to this the cast aways liad only beheld the lake and its isleta illuminated by the sun, irradiated by tho mbou, or reflecting the stellar boat. Now they beheld the lake as they emerged from the shrubbery and woods, in the ghastly light of a day whose sun was shrouded. There is no light eo weird, 00 suggestive as this. In it the lako realized what they had read in Homer and Uhland of tho land of the dead. The oharm way added to by the ever shifting oharaoter of the scenery. Aa they came down from the cliff, the winding road gavo them ever recurring glimpses o£ this dream lake, so like the scenery of another world. It was never the same, And when they embarked and rowed botwcon tho iolots and through tho innumerable channels, now and and then coming into broad, still, grey pools, reflecting the foliage, the effect was mystio and poetio beyond description. A strange inexplicable mystery scorned to brood over this lake of dreams. Herbert could not help repeating to liimcolt" aa they rowed away from the main land into the grey water, the wondrous linea of Uhland: Tako, 0 boatman, thrice thy fee ; Take-I give it willingly; For, invisible to thee, Spirits twain havo crossed with me I Thore wft3 a wonderful depression in tho air, a ntillneaa that seemed to bode some ter rible disaster. The earthquakes had ooased, but the aspect of tho sky was angry and lowering, Tho groat piles of clouds on the horizon, tho atroamora that had eoverod the sun aa if with tho webs of spiders, had all be oomo amalgamated in one thick, grey oanopy that never shifted or lifted, and seemed to weigh upon tho oarth like a firmament of lead. Living beings sympathised with nature,. The song of tho rowers was hushed, and even Orinora did not sing or apeak, while not a sound came from tho feathered inhabitants of tho island. Naturo had for the time cast off her dress of gold and purple and crimson and green, and donned the grey mantle of the re cluse. It was late in the afternoon when the spec tral procession of boats landed on the Happy Isle. John Mordon at onoe set about the pre parations for the solemn events of the night. Orinora retired with her maidens, and went over all they had done. Tho bluBh of modesty orimsoned her face when they showed hor tho bridal chamber, arranged with the singu lar taste that these native girls had learnt from John Mordon and Orinora. " We didn't enjoy ourselves at all at the dance," said Dorala. "Everyone Beemed dark and gloomy; they gathered in groupa and talked, and the moat of them went away early. The people seem quito ohanged. And Paranoa never oame." " Ho left our party early "enough," replied Orinora. "Why, where aro tho young whito men going ?" oried Ahorno. Tho girls ran to the window. Herbert and Ebby were sculling away in the boat. Orinora said nothing for the moment. Altor what she had hoard the previous night, thoro was no one Bhe dreaded moro than Ebby. Sho looked on him as the only person who had influQuoe ovor Herbert, who sought to rob hor of hor lover. Every movement of hia w/ia suspioioua. Stio know ho had for a long timo boen in charge of tho isle which was dovoted to the uses of a workshop. What might ho not have prepared there? Her heart stood still. She aoou made up hor mind. Dressing herself in a close black gown, and throwing a dark shawl over her sliouldors, she told tho girls to go on with their work, and in a few minutes she was rowing ovor the lake, keep ing in view the young men's boat, but unseen herself. She waa perfectly at home on the water, and know every inch of the lake, Hor surmise was oorreot. Ebby had taken Herbert away to malco one last effort to per suade him to leave the island. Not that he told him that waa his objeot: he merely asked him to come and see the workshop isio. As they were going along they spoke little ; eaeh was busy with his own thought. " I know little about Naturo or her opera tions," said Ebby, however, aa they neared the island, " but my reading misleads mo it we are not on tho eve of some frightful con vulsion. This strange Btillness, tho peouliar pungent smell of tho air, tho recurring quakes of tho earth : they must bo premonitions of some violent outburst of the forces of nature," " Whatever they may bo," said Herbert, " wo can do nothing, Aranoah says suoh storms aro common in these latitudes, but thoy do little damage on this sheltered lake," " I'vo road a vorae somewhore," said Ebby, "which seems to desoribo my view of this island, though it must bo paraphrased a little : " Isleta and lakes may flourish or may fade; A stroko can ruin them as a stroke has I made." Wo walk upon an earthquake. Tho ocean may gape at any moment and island and all disappear for ovor 1" " VVoll," said Herbert, quietly, " and then there will be ond." Thoy had by this time arrive^ At the work shop. It was a small isle, oarefully planted round with thick trees, so that Its unsightly appurtenances would not be aeon. The young men seoured their boat and stepped aahora. A narrow passage through a number o! beautiful shrubs admitted them into the workshop, Herbert gazed round him with astonishment. Forges, carpenters' shops, engine-houses, met his view. John Mordon had not forgotten the praotioal even in this islaud of dreams, Ebby paid littio attention to any thing ; ho walked straight to the other side of the island, and hurriedly, for the hoavy fall of olouda was telling, and the light was fading out fast, He led Herbert to a Bhip or dook, in which lay the lay the large boat or barque that John Morden had ordered to bo built, so that tho whole of the party might navigate the lake. She was a perfoot little model,-with Bails and everything complete, Herbert at once noticed something singular about tho vessel. A strong cable was seoured to a huge ringbolt in tho centre of hor deck. This cable ran over into a shed, where a large majority of what seemed native oloth was lying. | " What do you think of this boat, Horbert ? " asked Ebby, betraying in his tones a Bup ; pressed excitement ; hio eyes glistening strangely. " She is a beautiful little model," replied Horbert; "wo will have many a pleasant Bail in her." " I hope so, I hope," said Ebby, with a strange impressiveness in his voice, an eager tone, " Do you think she would navigato tho Paoiflo ? " " If slia wero on it," replied Herbert, some thing ironically. " She would certainly stand a etorm. She appears made to ride well. Taking Herbert's hand Ebby led him round to the stern of the vessel. It was growing very dark, but Herbert started as he saw in bold white letters the name; " ESCAPE," The next moment he felt annoyed." " Why are you always thrusting these ideas before mo, Ebby," ho said rather petulantly : " why raise up ghosts that are not wanted on this island," '"But they aro wanted," said Ebby, firmly, reflolutely, " and they will rise whether you 1 call or not. I have brought you here, Herbert, for the lasti time to offer you eaoape from the I terrible fate that awaits us on this island, I have come to show you it ia no dream, but a great, glorious reality. All this I have known for some time, but I would not speak until esrtain. I ohose to let you kuow gradually. Bear with me while I explain. If you per Bevoro with your refusal i will give in," " I do not wish to pain you, Ebby," said Herbert, who spoke, however, with constraint, and whoso eyes werejfixed on the name of the uessel, " but really you are labouring for no thing. I have passed my word to a man and woman wholdepend on it: I will] notj.break my word." " Bo that as it may," said Ebby, " let me explain what I,have done, what I propose to do," 