THE MAN SHE CARED FOR. By F. W. ROBINSON, Author of " Grandmother's Money," " Coward Con science," " Poor Zeph," " Anne Judge, Spinster, "The Black Speck," "Hands of Justice," "A Woman's Ransom," (sc. BOOK THE THIRD—THE MISTRESS OF ILYERCOMBE. Chaitek XXXIV.—Cruel Tiicth. The Honorable Mrs. Dangerfield had not adopted tliis unceremonious method of pro cedure without a sharp struggle with the conscience which she possessed. She was a. woman whom a suspicions nature had made miserable all her life, and was now to render guilty, though in that hour she would have been loth to acknowledge it. Important papers of her husband, she reasoned—papers not committed to the care of the mother by any special trust—were bidden from her by one who had no legal claim to them, and they were hers by right of widowhood. Surely _ if these documents were likely to affect her in terest, or throw a light upon a past that had been always incomprehensible, or wer<\- neces sary to prepare herself against the future—to resist or to succumb to it—no one had a greater right to them than she. She could not leave it all now till her husband's mother died : she should be in London, and these Challiscs would have her at their mercy if she were not on guard. The man who had come upon the scene like a fate there was no resisting, the stern fate, in which the old woman lying there believed, was no _ weak mortal to cope with. He talked of his rights ; lie came as an avenger of what he termed his mother's wrongs; there would be no justice at his hands, and much trouble would ensue. Even Agnes Challis had suffered imprison ment in her eagerness to obtain possession of papers of which her mother was aware; only she. Frances Dangerfield, the woman with the greatest claim to them, had been kept in the dark. She only wanted justice for herself, she thought; it was not in her heart to steal or destroy the documents, but to be prepared fer tile nature of their contents, and so on an equal footing with those who might think it worth their while to deceive her. There was no one at Ilvercombe whom she could trust, she felt assured. She had reasoned out this theory long be fore the moment when she was standing in the room with he watchful eyes directed to the sleeping figure in the bed. In the time of action she was as alert and cunning as if such base business had been the study of her life. There were no scruples of conscience, no hesi tation now; she was as firm as Macbeth's wife, and as determinate of purpose. She stood in the shadow of the heavy draperies hanging from the cornice of a huge old faslnoned bedstead, and listened to the fitful breathing of the sleeper, who was beset by restless dreams that night. She was cautious to a degree, and no statue could have shown less sign of animation, until the mutteriugs of the one distressed by sleep had ceased. Then Frances Dangerfield glided like a ghost across the room towards the toilette-table, and to a basket thereon, which she carefully inspected. Another pause, and the woman on watch turned towards the dress which the unstress of the house had worn that evening; crouching away from the rays of the night lamp whilst she searched the pockets. The clink of the keys—old Mrs. Dangerfield's private keys— sounded for a moment in the stillness with an ominous rattle of steel, suggesting treachery, and the woman in the bed tossed to and fro, as though half warned of felony. "Therese," she called, with startling dis tinctness, but the maid was sleeping heavily in the adjoining chamber, and did not hear her. Old Mrs. Dangerfield was accustomed to ramble in her slumbers, and Therese was not likely to wake and listen to the maundering.-; of her mistress. '•'Paul!" was Mrs. Dangerfield's next cry; '■ Paul, why don't you come and help me !" For an instant Frances wavered, as detec tion seemed imminent; her hold upon the keys relaxed, as this sudden appeal for help from the helpless dead was wailed forth in the night. "When the nmtterings of the sleeper ceased again, however, the intruder was making softly for the door, with the keys held tightly in her hand. Another instant and Frances Danger field was passing along: the corridor with swift, silent feet; the time for hesitation was over' for ever, the goal was in reach, and the truth was close upon her. She had studied the house at Ilvercombe of late days, and every turn ofitwasasfamiliartoher as to the servants. Her late husband's study was far away oil the same floor, a room that overlooked the park land, and must have been a pleasant place for musing in the old summer days gone by, when Paul Dangerfield sat at his open window, with romance before him and passion growing on him, and the misery of all its complications not apparent in his day-dreams. Since his death the study had been closed and locked, and had been only opened twice; once to be vigorously searched by those who took in hand the arrangement of old Mrs. Dangerfield's estate, and once when papers from Chester had been brought here and locked in the iron safe along with her new will. Frances Dangerfield stood before the door of the study with the keys in her calm hands. She had steeled herself to the ordeal, and was not to be dismayed by any nervous feelings of apprehension at the eleventh hour. There was a great task to be done, and she was on the eve of its accomplishment. The long steel key on the bunch was the key of the study door, she fancied, and she was right. The wards of tire lock turned with it at once—harshly and gratingly, like a lock in disuse—and the door opened on the dust and darkness of the room itself. "At last!" she muttered. There was an oil lamp on a bracket haifway down the corridor, and the woman abroad that night went back for it, and returned with it in her hand. She entered the study of the dead husband, closed the door upon herself, and locked it carefully. Now she was safe from intrusion, and at the worst—in the very face of detection, if it came there—she would defy them all, and assert her rights. She was in her husband's room, with her husband's books and papers; and who was living to challenge her privilege to be there ? She had had a right here long since, but had not availed herself of it after her husband's deatli and her mother in-law's affliction; she had asked no questions then, and had been too proud or too apathetic to be inquisitive. In his lifetime, when Paul had seemed to be content with life, aud she had trusted him, he had spoken of his room at Ilvercombe, and of the books which lie might bring to town when time would give him the chance and they were on a visit to Ins mother : but time had passed on to eternity with one of them, the visit had never been paid, and the study was almost as it used to be in his day. . There was a close air about the room—a smell of mouldy furniture, old books, and musty papers natural to a place thrown out of gear and under lock and key. The blind before the window had remained undrawn for years, and was coated thickly with dust; there had been 110 living hands upon the volumes in their open cases, or on the oaken table, where magazines and pamphlets of forgotten years lay heaped together; cobwebs of strange length and thick ness hung pendant from the ceiling, one having been spun in a fantastic pattern from a bust of Shakespeare on the mantelpiece to an old bronze table-lamp upon a library desk ad jacent. The mildew of neglect lay like a pall on everything. • In a corner of the room was the iron sate to which the mother had alluded, and the Honor able Mrs. Dangerfield had not stopped to gaze around her, but bad gone at once to the object of her search. There was no sentiment from the widow in this chamber of dust and ashes it appealed not to her feelings in any way. Paul Dangerfield was not a husband who had died in the honor of love and glory of fidelity: she had kept his secret without treasuring his memory; she had i^es\iccted his name, but not the owner of it; in her heart this strong woman had never forgiven him his trespasses against her. Why should she? What was he to her after the discovery of his treachery but a blight upon her life, like the blmht upon his room here? The evil he had done lived after him, and she was still on guard to fight it. She placed the lamp on the top of the safe and looked carefully over the keys, fixing on the right one by the name of the maker stamped on the steel ring of the handle. The key turned, and, with an effort, Frances Danger field swung open the heavy iron door, and took down the lamp again to throw a light upon the search. The safe was nearly empty—there was a nest of iron drawers at the bottom, and above them lay the papers of which she had come in search—a heap of old letters tied round with green ribbon, together with sundry memoranda in her husband's hand writing, secured together with red tape. Below them, and in a big envelope, unsealed, was the will of the present mistress of Ilver combe, but she was honest in her transgres sions, and did not care to open it. It was not her business until old Mrs. Dangerfield died; she would not have looked at it then had the temptation been a hundredfold what it was. But these papers were her own, and had been secreted from her. Here was the history of the troubles and temptations of Paul Danger field-the clue totlie mystery which he had ever kept from her, and she had vainly guessed at the letters of the rival who had supplanted her, and brought about the misery of her life. • She set the lamp upon the chair away from her and took the first letter in her hand. She stared at the date upon the envelope, the post-mark of a time before she-was married to Paul Dangerfield, and then opened it with untrembling and unflinching fingers. " So long ago as this, then, it began, she murmured, as she bent over the paper, the first line of which was the stab for .which she , had thought herself prepared, but which went deep down into her heart. " My dear husband," The fair head—for Frances lkingeviicH war still fair—bent at once in horror and despair over the letter which she held. The cruel truth, after all, was too strong for the woman whose pride had outlived her affection. "It can't be true," she whispered rebelliously again ; " he would never have been so great a villain as this." She flung the letter to the floor, as though it had stung her like a serpent, and seized the papers which were with the letters, and the string of which she broke in her impatience. Her calmness had deserted her at last, and the papers were wildly scattered about the carpet, until she groped upon the floor in the dust that lay thick there, greedily collecting and counting them. One long strip of printed paper, with writing interlined, attracted her notice—the one conclusive, damning piece of evidence which had wrecked the mother's mind before the wife was struck down in her turn. She tore it open eagerly. It was the marriage certificate of Paul EraV n.r.i Wilberforce Dangeriield, gentleman, with Acnes Challis, spinster—and it bore a date of three years before her own unhappy match. "Great God!—they were married, then!" she exclaimed. She let the papers fall once 11.ore, covered her face with the hands which had released them, and rocked herself slowly to and fro in her new misery. Yes, a new misery, and with it a new temptation and new life. She wondered how it would end, and what would become of them all, even in the midst of the soul's agony with which her lier woman's strength was vainly battling in that terrible hour of her defeat. ( To be con (in ucd.) 