THE FABRIC OF A VISION. Everyone bat Edward and myself looked on our marriage as a misfortune. To be sore we were the persona most interested, and to ns it seemed the most desirable thing in the world. My hither and mother did not like the match from the first, though Edward had arranged to stay in Australia for two years at any rate. Edward was not strong ; indeed he had come ont for his health ; and be yond the fact that his introductory letters were all that such things should be, we knew nothing of him. I knew more than the others, certainly ; for I knew that I ahonld be happy with him any where, even in England, and that the dearest doty of mv life wonld be to take a wife's care of him. We had taken a honse at GHenelg and there we were to live an ideal life, till Edward grew qnite strong, when we were to go to England. Edward was an only son, and Mr. Norreys, his father was rich ; so, as he said, our future was tolerably secure. So much for intentions. We had not been married a week when a telegram came to say that old Mr. Norreys was dead, and we left Adelaide by the next homeward-bound steamer. It was terrible for him. I had my own selfish trouble too, in being so snddeuly rooted upout of the oldfamiliar soil of home love. Bat we were all in all to each other, the voyage did him a great deal of good, and my heartache was wearing itself out by the time we landed at Oravesend. Of London I did not have a cheerful experience. It was June when we got there, and the dirty old Babylon was as smoky, as hot and altogether as un pleasant as I had ever imagined it Of its 'eights' I saw none, except the dingy Ltl aiMino.rnnm mlrcpa T firtpnf. m«r rlflVR ilUUCL Biumug-tvwiu « "vi v a. — y — while Edward was busy among lawyers in Lincoln's Inn, or at the rooms in the Albany, where his father had died. I had nothing to do all day but to worry myself and faucy that Edward was look ing ill again, and consequently was more than glad when some cousins of his at Carlisle wrote and asked us to come down to viBit them. Edward at first did not want to go, but when he saw it would please me, he coDseuted. We left London on the first of July. It was a lovely morning. How delicious it was to get away into the dear country air, and receive my first glimpse of English country ! It charmed me ; but railway travelling always afiecte me in one way : before I can quite realise that I don't want to talk, I fall asleep. I did so now. When I awoke, Edward was speaking : Wake up, Mary,' he was saying. You're very tired and bo am I. We're coming to a very pretty place, and I mean to get out here and stay till to morrow. You'll bs done up before we get to Carlisle, if we push on to-day. ' What nonsense,' I returned, in stinctively putting my hair to rights, as a woman always does when she wakes after a travelling nap. ' I always sleep in trains. You don't know all my bad ways yet.J ' I know your way of malting yourself a willing martyr to other people's plans,' laughed Edward ; ' bnt I want to stop here, if yon'll permit it . In fact I can't go on. — The noise of the train shakes my head all to pieces.' Don't yon think,' I veDtnred, as we've got the tickets— and they expect us ' Oh, hang the tickets,' laughed my husband beginning to get down bat-box, rugs and bags, from the netting overhead. ' I've a strong fancy for seeing this place again — an overwhelming fancy for your seeing it. My dear Mary, I always have my own way — you know that' It was quite true. His own way was generally as good a way as any other, I must admit, and Calverly — the place we stopped at — proved quite as pretty as he said it was. Certainly there was a factory at one end of the little town, but it did not spoil anything of the pictnresqueneae of the place. Only the river that ran through was not clear and bright as rivers should be, but dark and fool — and its very foam, where its path was made difficult with stones, was not white bnt yellow. The factory itaejf was not ngly. It was large and white ; not one big block bnt a number of scattered buildings grouped irregularly round a big reservoir. This waB walled round, and the strip of earth between wall and water was covered with long grass aflame with great scarlet poppies. In the middle of the water was an island, joBt big enough to support a large pigeon cote, where the grey and brown and white birds flew in and ont all day long, circling over the glassy water till it, like the air, seemed alive with the white shimmer of their wiogs. There was a wooded hill behind the ' works,' and to the left stretched the elate roofs of the town, ouder whose Btone bridge the river flowed tomnltnonsly. There was nothing like this near Adelaide. The novelty of it all was be wildering. I saw so much, and heard so much during the afternoon, that I was At for nothing in the evening bnt to lie on s very hard sofa trying to read an old railway novel. Edward arid be wonld take a torn with a cigar — and I bad a very dull time of it indeed. It was a lovely evening. I could not wonder that Edward stayed ont to enjoy it Bnt when the enn had gone redly down, when the gold and crimson after glow had faded to faintest primrose and coral, and when at last the moon showed clearly in the deepening bine of tbe sky, I did think it was time he came back. It was half- past ten when he did come. 'All in the dark? be asked. ' Why didn't yon ring for lights 1' His voice seemed to shake a Utile as he threw himself into an arm chair at the other end of tbe room. ' What's the matter 1' I said. ' I am afraid you've overtired yourself, Edward. I wish I had gone with yon.' 'Yes, that's just what it is,' he replied hurriedly. £ am overtired, and I feel quite foint. Just ring, Mary, will yonl' I rang ; and he ordered some champagne, whereat I was rather astonished, for he rarely took anything after dinner. ' We both eeem rather dull,' he said, \- explanatorily, as the man leftthe room. ' It'e my fault for having been away from you so long. I was an idiot to go out. 1 cau't get on without my wife.' 'Then I wonder you tfid stop ont so long," I said. " Yon couldlave fcome back gee before, if yonhad wanted to do bo.' I lost my way,' he replied, ' and went further than 1 intended.' Then the waiter came in with the champagne and glosses and two tall candles on a tray. By the light of these last I thought Edward looked very, very tired. I dis like champagne and wonld not have any, and he went on drinking glass after glass and talking in a rather inconsequent way till the bottle was finished. I was rather cross athaving been alone all the evening, perhaps ; and perhaps his London business had tired him as much as bis walk ; bnt there was a cloud between us, the first since our marriage. Until now there had always been between us such a perfect sympathy and rappoit. He seemed far off from me as he sat there, talking. I felt sure that aU the champagne conld not be good for bim. That oight — 1 suppose about two o'clock — I woke to find myself sitting up in bed trembling with horror, my heart beating tnmnltuonsly. ' What is it? said Edward, in a very wide awake voice. ' Whatever is the matter, Mary ? ' I have had sncb a terrible dream !' I replied, as soon as I could steady my voice. ' Did I say anything, Edward ? No : yon only gave a blood-curdling scream. What was your dream about I Oh — it was a nightmare,' I said, ly ing back on the pillow and holding my heart with both hands. ' I don't want to talk about it. Did I wake yon ? ' No, I've not been asleep. Don't throw yonr arms np again, Mary, bnt try and go to sleep. Yon won't dream it again, that's certain : nightmares never come twice.' I closed my eyes obediently, but only to conjore np again and again tbe picture that dream had shown me. This is what I saw over and over again, throngh the hot, still, moon white hoars : — XJiBL A UlUaU grass uciu vuivugu WMIVU ran a dark smooth stream. There was a wooden bridge over it,andjasthelowthis the river ran over a shelving ledge of rock and went smoothly down in an unbroken sheet. Then it broke into yellow foam and hurried on. It looked deep. There was a wood behind me ; just before me was a footpath. I saw everything in the clear moonlight. Along the footpath came presently two figures, and one of them was a figure I knew. It was Edward ; looking strange, in some inde finable way — bnt still Edward unmistak ably. Walking abont a yard from him was a girl, dressed in a muslin gown. Her head was bare, and in her hand she held a white enn bonnet. At the end of the bridge they stood still and faced each other, and the girl's face was turned towards me. It was a pale face, with red lips and a high nose. A high-bred uncommon-looking face. The head was eet well on the shoulders, and the rounded figure was thrown back in an attitude of defiance. 'Never,' she said, and her big eyes flashed in the moonlight; 'you've de ceived me too often. I'll never see you again. Why did yon not marry me when yon had the chance ? ' I wish I had. Oh, Winifred, come to me ; it is not too late yet. Yon see I couldn't keep away from here,' and he held ont his hands to her. . Then their voices sank till I conld only hear a vague murmur. Then her voice rang ont again, clear and sharp : ' No, Mr. Norrey's ; I tell you, no ! There are other men in the world — ay, and in Calverley too — who have better and higher notions of keeping faith than yon have.' ' Do yon mean that you'll marry one of them V he Bald. ' Yes, and yon will soon know how sincerely I mean it.' ' Then, by heaven, he shall many a ghost !' Edward cried, and caught her in hie arms. There was a sadden splash — a choked cry — and something white went over the shelving wall down those seven feet, into the smooth brown water. Then came the crowning horror of the dream. He turned round with a look on his face of such fear and agony as I have never seen before. I knew that the girl was drowned. And I Beemed to tear my way throngh wood and bramble back to consciousness, and into that -still bedroom at the Calverley Arms. Why did I not tell my husband what I had dreamed ? Well, in those mo menta of waking, so vivid, so utterly real and life-like had been that vision that I felt that to tell him the dream wonld be like charging him with the deed. I wished he had remained with me last evening. And why had he wanted so much to stay at Calverley, and why had he seemed so strange when he came in 1 I stopped these questions resolutely. Why should I try to connect "Edward's actions with that idiotic night mare 1 And then I fell to thinkiDg of all I had ever heard of dreams that had come trne, and wondering whether other prophetic dreams were half as real- seeming as this one of mine, to which no importance was to be attached. And the east quickened, and the birds woke. I turned and looked at my hnsband by the chill light. He was asleep — looking veiy tired and anxious, but with no change on his face such as — — But what was I thinking abont ? Then came common sense, " and whispered : ' Yon little simpleton, you don't deserve so good a hnsband. Your love is 'a bad-Rentryif it cannot keep out such midsnmmer madness as this.' By the time the full sunlight had filled the room I -was almost -ready to laugh at .myself for thinking/twice abont each nonsense ; but I was, all die same, so much ashamed of the vague imagin ings that dreams had engendered,- that I would not for worlds have told Edward a word about it. Fm afraid I was rather growly last night,' said Edward at breakfast ; ' but I was really quite knocked up with my long walk.' ' I was disgracefully cross, myself,' I admitted, handing him his coffee, ' but I missed yon so ail the evening. Long separations don't seem to agree with either of ns.' 'What do you eay to sauntering abont a little In these parts before we go on to Carlisle, Meiy ? It's a very pretty country and it'e much nicer being by t ourselves than with anyone else.' ' Of course it is,' I admitted but, my dear Edward, we have written to the Westlakes to eay we're coming.' 'Then write again and eay long rail way jonrneys don't agree with me, and that we can only reach them by easy stages. And as I haven't half explored Calverley yet, shall we stay here a day or two ? This seems a nice, comfortable hotel.' ' Oh no,' I answered with a shudder ; let ns get ont of this. A little of Calverley goes a long way.' And so it happened that the same day found us at the Royal Hart, Branscombe. The Royal Hart, Branscombe, was a magnificent model of all that an inn ought not to be. The landlord aud servants 'seemed alike to look upon the guests as personal enemies, to be harassed, worried, and made miserable by every means in their power. But in spite of all discomforts I spent a much pleasanter evening than at tbe well-appointed 'Calverley Arms.' Ed ward seemed quite himself again, aud I mvself felt in mv usual snirits. This sudden scheme of rambling through tbe pleasant district of mid-England, in the height of summer, was delightful to me. It would be like a wedding tonr, a second honeymoon, I said. We wandered about in tbe woods all the evening, and I was so tired that I dropped asleep directly my head touched the pillow. How loog had I been asleep ? I woke, shivering with fear. For, incrediable as it may eeem, the terrible experience of the night before had been repeated, to every smallest detail. Again the river, tbe bridge, the lovers, the sadden splash and cry, and then the face of my hus band turned towards me with frantic horror on it ! This time I did not cry out, only drew my breath quickly and lay rigid, nnable to move or speak, though I knew, some how, that Edward was awake. ' Now then, Mary, he said tenderly. ' Nightmares again I What a start you gave !' His voice broke the spell. ' Oh dear,' said, 'I don't think travelling agrees with me. I never had such dreams Kefrtre And then I lay silent, thinking how Btrangely that first dream must have affected me, for it to have reproduced itself thus exactly. I couldn't tell Edward now abont it, because he wonld wonder so why I hadn't told him yester day. So I held my tongne, and when I hod listened for some time to the regular breathing that told he was asleep, I too, dropped into unconsciousness : an un consciousness which was broken by no more dreams. For the next week we wandered abont from one charming spot to another. ' Where are yonr roses? said my hnsband, one morning. 'They don't seem to flourish in this English air.' They did not, indeed. Thongh I was young, though my husband seemed to adore me, thongh we were spending our daya in the loveliest English country, I was beginning to feel that my life was hardly worth having. Moat of ns have had the same dream twice over ; but, reader, has It ever happened to yon to dream the same dream, and that a horror too deep for description, for seven con secutive nights ? That is what had befallen me. That was what was driving the colonr from my cheeks and the light from my eyes. Every night I met this vision; every night I woke, feeling as if it were aU trne; every morning the relief of day light was less, and the sense of misery — and misery not wilhont reason — was stronger. I simply could not tell Edward, jnst because I suffered so ; after the first two nights I did not even tell him I had been dreaming — though be was never asleep when I woke. On the eighth day we reached An- nersley. The inn was fall of excursion ists, and the only rooms we conld get were two tiny apartments, with the width of tbe house between them. I felt a little uneasy when I went to bed. My nerves were beginning to suffer from the strain of this nightly terror. How should I feel when I woke, as — as I knew I should — with that vision still before my eyes — in that little room alone f I did not like to think of it. When I awoke, the whole room was foil of the strong sanlight that streamed throngh the uncurtained window. I had had a fair, full, perfect night of sleep. The enchantment was over. The spell was broken. The dream had not come. Oh, the relief of that waking. To feel that the torture was over, that the vision, with its maddening air of reality, had ceased to visit me !' I went downstairs hamming a tune. 'What a lovely day — what a pretty place,' I said to Edward. Everything seemed rose-coloured to me. ' You're looking like yourself again,' he returned. ' Shall we stay here another day, Mary ? ' Ob, yes,' I said eagerly. That was a happy day 1 In the evening we were sitting at the end of the inn garden. It was an in tensely still evening ; still with the hush that comes before a storm ; the sort of hush that makes people say there is electricity in the air. There were green trees in the garden, and long grass — and under a grey old lichen-covered apple tree was the wooden seat on which we were sitting. The birds were qnite silent, and into oar talk a silence came presently,- as on such evenings silences do come. ' I slipped my hand into my hnsband's; and we sat there quietly. I was utterly at peace, and filled- with a sense of rest and contentment such as I had not known since we left Australia. There is nothing in the world so delicious as silence — where there is perfect sym pathy. I did not fall asleep. No ; I am quite sure of that. There was no half-con- scious interval — no drowsy interlude. Straight from that fair inn garden which bad seemed to me like a little paradise, I was taken back to my dream-Bpot, that 'wood by tbe river. Presently the two figures came along again, and the old Scene was enacted with that terrible newness that had characterised it every representation. I never knew — as one does sometimes — that I had seen it be fore. It always had a horrible unexpected ness abont it It was only when I woke that the knowledge of koto ojten I had seen it need to come npon me, and add to the tortures Ihadto bear. After the climax, I found myself in the garden seat, Edward's hBnd in mine and such a deadly sensation of weakness, exhaustion, and utter prostration, as I had never frit in all my healthy life. When I epofce, my voice sounded like someone else's. ' Edward — I am tired. Lei as go in.' ' All right,' he answered. ' Why — what's the matter, Mary! Yon look like a little ghost !' ' I'm tired of moving about. I can- j not keep it up. Let us go on to the | Westlakes.' 'Very well. You certainly are not looking yourself, and I shall take you to a doctor directly we reach Carlisle. I must take care of my Australian lily-' ' Shall I write to-night ? I said, eager for any change. 'Yes, if yon like! Why, what a miserable little face ! Yon're soon tired of yonr second honeymoon, Mary !' ' It isn't that,' I said feebly, cat to the heart by this reproach. Was it my fancy, or had his voice altered, as well as his face, in this last week. ' It isn't that ; but I do feel ill, Edward, and I think I should like to see a doctor.' And I went indoors to write my letter to the Westlakes. Having written it, I aat by tbe open window waiting for Edward to come in from the gardeu and tell me the exact address. I sat scribbling on an odd half-sheet of paper. I have, some little skill at catching likenesses — and pre sently a very fair sketch of my husband's face lay before me. Then tbe busy pen went on scratching, gnided, I do believe, by the Imp of the Perverse, and a com panion portrait appeared. A girl with a handsome face, and head thrown back defiantly. I was touching up the lines of the shoulder and neck, when the window was darkened by Edward, who, leaning throngh the roses, and ivy, took the paper from my hand. ' Who are you caricaturing now ? ' he said. Yon really ' He stopped short. Was that look on hiB face not a faint reflex of the dream- look 1 'Who is this?' he asked in quite an altered tone. A strange sinking at my heart kept me silent for a miute. Then I said in almost as constrained a voice aBhis : ' Only a fancy head. I don't know why I drew it ? ' Did he know I was telling the exact truth ? He arid no more, only his hand trembled as he picked up the letter I had written, and read it throngh. No vision came to me that night, for I never closed my eyes; That look of my husband's, when he saw the ' fancy head ' was infinitely more terrible to me than all that had gone before. For it was real, at least, whatever the dream scene might be ; and one fact it established beyond donbt : Winifred was not un known to him. There was such a per son. And what a light this threw on his condnct! His staying at Calverley — his going ont — everything, in fact, that had happened there, now bore a fresh and fearful interpretation. Ob, what an eternity of agony can be compressed into one short summer night ! Calverley was the nearest main line station, and thither we returned next day. The journey was made hateful by the sense of apartness, which mnst he felt before the misery of it can even imagined. tie just, misseu sue uarusre train we went for ; the next did not pass throngh till ten o'clock, so we had to spend six hoars at Calverley. I never saw Edward so annoyed. He vowed vengance against all the officials, at the trains, at the time tables, and at what he called oar bad luck. I had never seen him reaily angry and my doing so now did not tend to make matters more plesant be tween us. ' I suppose we most go to the hotel,' he said, when his anger showed signs of giving out. 'We can't spend half-a- dozen hours on this confonnded plat form.' I shuddered when I saw again the place where first my trouble had come npon me. We had dinner. I don't think either of us eat much — and then I said ; ' I am going out, Edward.' ' Do you wish to go alone ? ' he asked. Not at alL' ' I don't feel disposed to go out,' he he went on, and yon had better not overtire yourself.' ' I must go, Edward,' I said.- I feel that I cannot stay in the house.' My goiDg ont was not a mere caprice. I felt that the cine to that dream-tragedy was to be fonnd at Calverley. Edward's unnsnal anger had settled that point, and I was determinedtomakeuseofthisdelay which had been enforced upou ns, walk throngh and ronnd the place, in the effort to find ont something. So out I went. At the door Edward overtook me. ' I don't like yonr walking alone, Mary,' he said. ' We ought . to keep together. ' You went out alone the last time we were here,' I replied, trying to force a laugh, But I've no objection to yonr coming with me. So we walked down High Street silently, and a little apart. ' Where are yon wandering 1 ' he asked by-and- by. ' I want to see the waterfall by the wooden bridge,' I answered, almost involuntarily, looking down as I spoke. ' How do you know there's a wooden bridge here at all ? ' Didn't you tell me so ? ' No — ' very curtiy. 'Ah!' with a fine ' affectation of in difference. 'I suppose I must have dreamt it - — 'Did you dream the way there as well ? No, but 111 ask it of this man,' land I went up to a passing labourer. Can yon tell me whether there is a wooden bridge over the river, near a waterfall? I had Mt irresistibly impelledto ask the question, hut I was hardly prepared for the answer. ' Oh, yes, ma'am. Go straight through the town, and then turn over the stile into the Mends, and follow the path. J You can't miss it' We walked on. The silence presently became unbearable, and we plunged in toBoch talk as goes on between mere acquaintances ; talk characterised by a terrible politnesa. My heart was aching at it alL What was in Ids heart ? I would not let myself wonder. We found the Meads, and over the stile we went, In a moment I knew that the scene, at least; my dream was real, for the whole picture was before me exactly as I had seen .it. Then . I stopped short, and turned to my husband. 'Come,' I said, 'and stand by the bridge at that corner.' My mind was made up. Evenifeternal parting were to follow, I-wonld tril lum now what was in my mind. Iwonld say — Here are all as I saw them before — bridge, wppd, path, water— and yon : where is the girl ? Cotrie, Edward,' I repeated, 'and stand as I tell yon.' ' r f 'What nonsense,' he said ; ' have yon gone mad, Maty ? ' Heaven knows : perhaps I have ; bnt stand there yon mnst' ' Anything to hnmonr yon he answer ed. His face was white and set ; hiB lips were closed tightly. In his eyes was a sort of bewildered misery, tbe look of one who receives a blow from a hand he loves, and cannot either understand or resent it Suddenly, before I conld begin my tale or ask my qnestien, his whole I face changed — grew glad — the look of misery vanished — fled away. Nay, more. Tbe tired, troubled look, the shadow that bad darkened it for the last ten days, was gone. I fol lowed the direction of his eyes. Merciful heaven ! Was this another dream ? Was it all a dream ? Coming along the path, as I had seen them before, were two figures. The girl whose face I had sketched, and, beside her — not Ednard ; he was standing c'ose to me — bnt Edward's face, his figure, his walk. Was it Edward's ghost ? Was Edward right, and had I gone mad! Was that what it had all driven me to ? They drew nearer. Then my hnsband sprang towards the other Edward, who made an answering movement, and their right hands clasped each other fast. I saw nothing more. I suppose I fainted. When I came to myself I was on that same sofa in the Calverley Arms which has been mentioned before. Bending over me was the face that had bo hannted and tortured me. ' This Is our future sister-in-law,' said Edward presently, 'and my "brother is waiting to see yon, as-soon as yon are well enongh. It's all right ; we'll explain things presently, Mary.' ' I didn't know yon had a brother,' I retained, faintly. ' Oh well, I have, yon see. Will, come and speak to my wife.' That night Edward and I made mntnal confession, and in bitterest shame and humiliation, I sobbed ont all my story. Then Edward told his tale, and I learned that his brother, William Norreys, had been a ne'er- do-well, and ench a disgrace to the family that Ed ward had chosen not to mention him. It was a little weak of him, was it not, to think my love for him conld be changed by his having a good-for-nothing twin brother ? His wish to stop at Cieverley, he conld not explain ; it was an impulse for which he could not account. When he went ont that first evening he wit nessed that scene between Winifred and his brother, jnst as I bad dreamed it. The horror of tbe whole thing had com pletely unmanned him, and, withont waiting to try and rescue the girl, he had turned and torn his way through the brambles and woody undergrowth, (ah, I knew what that felt like). He had felt that he had been a coward, and that, almost as mnch as the other reasons had lrenfc him from fcellinxr me. Had his manhood stood him good another half minute, he wonld have seen his brother rash down stream, dash in, and bring the girl to the bank, and then all his agony would have been spared us both. He wonld never have thought his brother a murderer, and I should never have believed— all, don't nek' no inhat. All tbe sameyonarenotto suppose that I consider Edward a coward; that was only his way of patting it. It was simply hiB physical weekness that was to blame ; you know he was never strong. Can you wonder that in the relief of knowing that his brother was innocent, my hus band should have forgotten and forgiven all old scenes, and have sprang forward to greet him ? Poor Will ! his mad jealousy, in push ing Winifred into the stream had really been the best advocate of his cause. He very effectually persuaded her of the sincerity of his passion, at any rate, and I believe their betrothal was settled be fore they had been out of the water three minutes. The history of there love does not concern this story. William Norrey's was clerk in the factory above mentioned : and this girl was governess in the house of the chief partner, and able to grace her hnsband's position, when soon after, by the means of substantial help from my hnsband, he became third partner in the firm. William was only so very like Edward by moonlight. In tbe day-time he does not look nearly so handsome. And how about my dream ? There is very little to tell I only learned that every time this .vision had come to me, my -husband had been widely, vividly awake, and had bad the whole scene intensely present .before his mind. Not en explanation 1 _No, I suppose not. Yet one hears now-a-days of all sorts of thoughtJaading, though my only ex perience of it took place years ago, before it came fashionable. 