®rttmb0. Criep. Bright. Parliament. Nightmares. Both Houses. A timid Ministry. " The Little Duke." " The Sonny Sonth." Three colliers arrived. Mr. W. Hill is very ill. A Protectionist Diamond. A trivial and trumpery charge. Concert at Walkerville to night. A farmer's and a squatter's tariff. Mac says he never had two faces. Rifle matches to-day at Smithfield. Where were Pizey & Co. last night ? " Jack the Giant-killer" at the Port. The Treasurer will modify the tariff. A veiy cautious speech from Johnnie. That deputation difficult to dispose of. Legacy of £40,000 to Auckland Museum. Supreme Court sentencc3 a pcrfect farce. Grand weather for the shooting matches.. Something like a school that at Oakb&nh.; " Haunted Houses!" Reduce your rents. £. Beddome—Thanks for your suggestion. Concert Christchurch Schoolroom to-night. Treasurer almost invisible to the deputation. Mr. Bray wants to pose as the Berry of S. A. Canon Green's new lecture to-night, Albert Fa'L Most of the speakers were heavy on the farmers. Several Chinaman speared by Queensland blacks. Parliament buildings muddle still unsettled. Extraordinary pro3ecution that against Mr* Palmer. A sho-J of Dervishes at Dongola; corroboree. Impromptu speaking in the Y.M.C. A. Ha'I to-ni^ht. Fair's fair—you must protect me if I protect you. Mac declared last night that he had only one face. The Premier assisting the Treasurer this morning. Will C. Reimers assist at Albert Hall to-night? Hard to say whether Charley was joking or in earnest. The meeting did not seem to care much iot the three C's. Catch a J.P. asleep and use him, not for love, bat hate. There are J.P.'e and J.P.'s unfortunately for some people. Mr. Diamond confessed that he was a renegade Freetrader. Allerdale says Johnnie is an older Protectionist than he is. Mr. Tomkiuson again down upon discharged prisoners. Queensland blacks having big one tuck out roasted Chinamen. Homeward P. & O. mail on Thursday,- inward mail Friday. Government will find it hard to please their Protectionist friends. Mr. A. S. Clark had the courage of the opinions of his youth. Scarcely two of the speakers sang the same song to the same tune. "Moderate and reasonable protection" will not Satisfy T. Johnson. T. Johnson had plenty to do last night as coach to the Chairman. Are the Ministry capable of judging of themerits of those portraits ? A family of 2C0 children, grand and greatgrand. What a colonist! The Ministry are afraid to take up Mr.- Smith's Exhibition scheme. Mr. Bruce was not afraid to talk straight at JohDnie and his Ministry. Mr. McCormac gets the second prize for Sir R. R. Toirens's portrait. Queensland is getting scared at Ebby's Transaustralirn Railway scheme. If the manufacturer is to be protected why shouldn't his employ^ be protected? Now then, boys, perfect fairplay; one side onlv, you know. And they obeyed. The Leather-lunged assures the working men he never has been double-faced. The Austral left Ply mouth on August 21. The Rev. S. Hebditch is a passenger. B'sma-rck expected to generously return portion of the stolen Carolines group. Snn rose at 6.30 a.m., sets at 5.34 p.m. Moon set at 5.51 a.m., rises at 5.16 p.m, Charley said if the Ministry will not amend the tariff the House will compel them to. Representatives of Young Men's Societies compete to-night in impromptu speaking. Canon Green will tell us something abont haunted honses and haunted men to-night. Ten p.m. to-night. " Oh! George, I feel co neivons after listening to Canon Green." Nearly 80,0CD oz. of gold raised at Charters Towers first seven months of present year.- Mr. Diamond says he has arrived at the years of discretion. Shouldn't have thought it. Charley pretended to be very friendly to the Ministry, but the meeting only laughed at him. . The Russian Bear has for the present let go its hold of Zulficar; another bone in pro. spect. The pnblic should have an opportunity, of seeing those portraits without a special 1 permit. What a panic seized the platform when Clements ventured to differ from the wirepullers. Working men have as much right to have their labour protected as manufacturers their capital. A funny soit of a public meeting when not even one speaker would be heard on the other side. Enrolment of members Adelaide. Philharmonic Society at Town Hall to-night. Rally up, singeis 1 Major-General Downes's resignation as Secretary of Defence accepted by Victorian Government. Charley will only go for moderate and reasonable protection. Does that mean 15 or 25per cent.? . The meeting would not listen to anything moderate or reasonable from either Clements, Clark, or Charley. Melbonrne City Council Four per Cent. Loan of £150,CC0 all taken by the National and Commercial Banks. A15 per cent, tariff will raise prices to the consumer, bnt 25 per cent, will reduce them, BO say the Protectionists. His Worship allowed other speakers to exceed ten minutes, but he promptly told' Mr. Clements his time WSB up. = Christian Bays eight members of the British Ministry are Spiritualists. Then we shall get nothing practical from them. Judging from the size of the ineetang last night the revision of the tariff is int$xeetxng to a large number of working men. Mr. Bruce did not forget to tell the meeting that he once stood for the Start. IB this a cheap advertisement for the future? Charley says he remembers very distinctly the ninth paragraph in the Governor's Speech regarding protection. Was he the author? The tariff has not been before the country a week, snd yet Mr. Diamond says he knows the great mpjorily of the electors are in favour of it. Now then, working men, buckle too with your commonsense, and say is it reasonable to suppose that with increased duties goods CPU be cheaper ? *• Haunted men!" Rowley Rec3, by that terrible ghost Caccethea Loquendl; J. A. Northmore, by Caccelhes Scribendi; and Treasurer Newland, by the ghost of the New Tariff. ^ _ . The published list of followers at the Hunt on Saturday was not complete. Miss Filgate on Cockatoo was in the front rank throughout the run. This iB the first time a lady has ridden through an ordinary ran in this colony. Shakspearian quotation for to-day- Be thon familiar, bat by no means vaigar. —Hamlet. The Premier to the Customs officials—Now then, boys, tell us honestly what you think of the tariff. T First .CastomB official to the Premier—1 think the new tariff is confoundly complicated. ^ Second Customs official to the Premier— "Thenew tariff is unscientifically arranged and will cause a v^t amount of friction, 