HOW COLONEL BURNABY DIED London, March 4. — Mr. Burleigh, the war correspondent who was wounded at Abu Klea, has, under the inspiration of his hurt, written to the Daily Telegraph a thrilling account of the battle, and in it occurs this description of Colonel Burnaby's death, which must become historical : — .4 " Still down upon us the dark .itrib wave rolled. It had arrived within 300 ydrds undi minished in volume, unbroken in strength — a rush of spearstnen and swordsmen. Their rifle fire had ceased. Other Arab forces sur rounding us — the Mahdi's troops, plundering Bedouins and pillaging villagers from the river side — stood eager on the hillsides watch ing the charge upon the British square. In wild excitement, their white teeth glistening and the sheen of their brandished weapons flashing like thousands of mirrors, onward they came, charging straight into our ranks. I was at that instant inside the square, not far from the Gardner gun, whon I saw the left face move somewhat backward. Colonel Burnaby himself, whose every action at the time I saw from a distance of about 30 yards, rode out in front of the near left face, appa rently to assist two or three skirmishers run ning in hard pressed. All but one man of them succeeded in reaching our lines. Colo nel Burnaby went forward to his assistance sword in hand. As the dauntless Colonel rode forward, he put himself in the way of sheik charging down:. on. horseback, ere the Arab closed' with him ;a .bullet from some one in .our ranks brought the sheik headlong -to the ground; The enemy's spearstnen wore close behindhand one of them suddenly dashed at Colonel Burnaby; pointing the long blade of his spear at his throat.. Checking his horse and pulling it backward, Burnaby leapt forward in \- his- saddle and parried the Moslem's rnpid and ferocious threats. Butitho length of the man's weapon, ':8ft, put it out of hia power to return with interest the Arab's murderous intent. Once or twice Colonel 'Burnaby just touched his man, otily to'inako' hiin "more- wary and' eager. The affray wu8 I the'.' work: of -, Beconds only, for the: savage horde of swarthy negroes from Kordofan and straight-haired fawny complexioned Arabs: of; the. Bayuda steppe were fast closing in upon our square. : Colonels Burnaby fenced the swarthy Arab as if he were playing in an assault of arms, and there was a smile on his features as he drove off the > man's awkward! points. The scene was taken in at a glance; With that lightning instinct Which I have seen desert warriors before now, display in battle while coming to one another's aid, an arab who was pursuing.a soldier, and 'had passed five paces to Burnaby's right , and rear, turned with a ; sudden spring, and, this. , second Arab ran his spoar,.. point; into the colonel's right shoulder! It was but a slight wound. Enough, though, to cause Burnaby to twist round in his saddle and defend : him self from this unexpected attack. Before? the 'Savage oould repeat his unlocked for blow, bo near the ranks of the square was the Bcene now being enacted,- a soldier ran out and drove his sword bayonet through the second assail ant. Brief as was Burnaby's glance back ward at this fatal episode, it was long enough to enable the first Arab to deliver his spear, point full in the brave officer's throat. / The i blow drove Burnaby out of his saddle, but it 'required a second one before he let go his grip ! of the reins and ; tumbled upon , the ground. (Half-a-dozen Arabs were now about him., With blood gushing in streams from" his gashed throat the dauntless guardsman leapt to his feet sword in' hand- and slashed at the ferociouagroup. They wore the wild strokes ' of a. proud, brave man dying hard, and he. 'twas quickly overborne and left helplesB and .dying." Expulsion of the " Liberator" from the School of Art-., : PROBABLE ATTEMPT l'O REINSTATE IT. ! ; On Thursday, 9th inst. by a large majority "the committee of the School of Arts decided to exclude from that institution the Victorian. Freetliought publication .the " Liberator,'!; edited by Mr. Joseph Symes, on the ground of the coarse and brutal language used in. several of its recent issues. The members of the committee present were : — Mr. B. Tcece, presiding ; Messrs. J. Dalgnrno, E. A. Jones, :<E.L. Scott, ,H. A.Perkins, W. R. Beaver, .E. B. Taylor, T. T. Gray, F. J. Thomas, N. Dow- , long, P. J. Gandon, P. J; Holdsworth, iand? Captain Neitenstein. ; | ... ! j Messrs. Jones, Scott, Perkins, Beaver, Gray,, iDqwling, Holds worth, . Gandon,? and; , .Captain Neitenstein; voted for its expulsion, .against , ,Messrs;..Thoma8(and Taylor. ;,Mr, Dalgaroq/ (secularist) did not vote. Mr. 'E. A. Jones, , <in "moving " that the Liberator' bo withdrawn from : the reading- room of the institution in consequence, of the coarse, and .brutal character of certain pas sages recently appearing , therein," said he , had , always ; been in favour of the fullest (attitude being given to every section of public opinion so long as the language used , was in terms of ordinary decency, but he , . considered that in .the paper in question the language used!,; did not j . come within that limit;; In the issue of-' the ,29th /March the, " Liberator'!'. (Stated, -.in reply :. to comments , made: upon, its-; seditious .. and,., treasonable, language f ! These /cowardly, bulldogs . o f the , Queen insinuate that I lifted; the Veil of . hen; private life., For decency's sake , I did nothing/ of the sort. Do they wish to provoke the to,, do so I could a tale -unfoldi"'' While he did not go in for; any (great amount of effusive loyalty, he thought that, any public print that inade such an insinuation .- as that was of" a brutal and indocent character, and it was degrading: to ; this, institution to receive it. . Another treasonable; article appeared in this paper last Saturday /under the, heading of "Mr. and Mrs. Brown." He would ask ithe committee to read this and other articles, an he was very much inclined to , think they . would believe with him that the innuendos made wore indecent,- and language used offensive and obscene. He thought it their duty to purge the Bhoivos of the library from any such indecent publication, and whether . the committee carried his resolution or not he should never feel more satisfied with anything he had ever done as a member of committee than in bringing forward this subject. He did not for ono moment consider the the ological opinions of the paper, for though ,/ opposed to his own he would never be in favour of excluding any publication on that ground, but he only asked for its exclusion . because of the coarseness and brutality of the, / language it employed.! / In the discussion even the Secularists had to admit that the tone of Mr. Symes' paper was coarse and disloyal. Mr. Thomas, (Secu larist) who appearod to bo of the same mind a a Mr. Symes, admitted his remarks were "indiscreet, but ex- pressions of opinion ichich could be refuted or silently disbelieved did no harm I Who will believe it ? Mr. Holds worth hnd token some trouble in looking at back numbers of the Liberator, and // could say that the expressions " coarse and . brutal,", used by Mr. Jones, were entirely under the, mark. , It was not a question of what was contained in merely three issues of the Liberator, but of the whole style of the paper ever since it was issued ; and he was prepared to say that; the placing of the Libe- , rator on the School of Arts reading-room table had a demoralising effect. Mr. Jones pointod out that he did not think " tlm committee could, in this matter, be accused of intolerance, for they recently had the Libe ral'. in the, library —a paper conducted by gen- , tlemen having the saine views as Mr.. Symes. They, also, , received, |the National. Reformer , edited by , Mr. Charles Bradlaugh, under whom ; Mr.' Symes . filled .a.. certain, subordinate posi- . tioii,. althpughhejWas not aware that Mr. Symes was consecrated/for the work. (Laugh- , ,ter.) , But, ;in thpse( papers the views of the ; Writers were expressed in temperate language, whereas the articles in th a Liberator ofEousive and immoral suggestions wore made concern- , ing the private life of the Queen, of which , Mr. Symes could know nothing. Whichever,, way the matter was dealt with by the com- , mittee, it would probably bo followed by a meeting of the subscribers, and he thought the committee weae there to act .according to .the best of their judgement, and he was quite prepared to defend himself before any meet ing that might be held. ,As: it was. within ,/ their functions, to admit the paper/they had.,',; also the right of excluding it if they found ' they had made a mistake. , //' A vote was then taken, with the " above . result. . From other sources we learn that the Seen- ' larists intend to put forth all their strength , for. a tremendous effort to get t he Liberator, roinBtated. They are sending; round for sig nature petitions for a public meeting of, mem- . bere of. the , School of. Arts; and, moreover,, The Secularists are endeavouring to get a lot of their own kidney to become members just, before the mealing, in- order to carry the re- , turn! of the Liberator by storm, then of course . the'new/memhers will resign. What business',,, have such/outsiders' interfering in the work ing of the( Schpbl'of Arts, and attempting to -swamp the votes of bona fide members. It will require an effort on the part of the Chris tian members to defeat this strenuous atteinpit of the Secularists ; and we hope that the, Orangemen who forma large proportion of : School of Arts subscribers will not go to sleep, but will be watchful, and rally up to repel the Secularist onslaught ; and that those who are .not members will feel it their duty to imitate the Secularist tactics, and qualify themselves for voting at the general meeting, and repel- ing the Secularist attack. A glance over the pages of the Liberator, especially whore it touches on Her Most Gracious Majesty, our good Queen, or on the union of the empire, or the expedition to the Soudan, will disgust any loyalist, and the coarseness of the lan guage will disgust every person of refinement, and will demonstrate the necessity of all godly men exerting themsolves against the return of the Liberator. . / It is a matter also for the Loyal Orange In stitution to take in hand, and use its great influence , in' .the", interests of loyalty and morality. . ' ? ,-i i' ,',/. .' flie Australian Contingent iii the Soudan. General Sir /Gerald/Graham reviewed the' N.S.W. Artillery on/the aftornoon of tho 13th ' , instant., and ,'the; j men, presented a, very smart ' appearance/" ,',///// /";/-, A'// ' ' Colonel Bichardson talegraphed fromH > doub, , to the (Colonial; Secretary, pa'.'the!13t£l instant, that Captain Iarrqtt and tab wounded ! ,' , of .the New South, Wales Contingent were doing' well and that Lieutenant CharieB A.irey, who . was sick/though not 'to', a serious extent, was /' going oh board, the Gangbs. ; : ' . . / s The English' -papers /vie with each other in /1 praise of , the' spirit; of /Australia ;in offering / . troops', and' all look upon the' eyeut'us'! the first ' step towards. a wondrous /future/ , the!Em'pire. '. The lldest' telegram's report that ', the.rail,way-,t6')Hahdbuh"i8 nearly /completed' ; , that ; the '.N.S.W.!lhfantry, are 'ta 'proceed 'fur-/; ther. into, the', mountains ; ,and t|iat(thie NiS. W!/ Artillery were to! go .toithe'.'front on Thufsday,' .' 16th, instant. , u- m ,, . THE' SEAMENS' UEliJN ANlS P.v,lAND 0." ; company..; -/ ! The Seamens' Union has begun a struggle; with .the, great navigation companies which may bring much disaster before' the /now doubtful victory is won or lost. .;/ The secretary of the Seaman's Union went on board the P. and O. Co's S.S. Zealandia , and ordered Captain Webb to dismiss the Chinese gang employed on board, work only on 'tlie 8 hour system and raise the men's wages to the colonial standard or he would bo deprived of his men. On Saturday night the secretary of the Union ordered all the men, including the nightwatcliman, to leave the 'ship. Captain Webber asserts that he has been raoBt unfairly treated, especially as three-fourths of his crew were Europeans, while the Chinese cheap labour are only em- ploped as a rousoabout gang. The action of the Union caused quite a panic in shipping circles and the owners are discussing the ad visability of combining and laying up all the ship's in port. The Captain and agents of the Zealandia are holding out against the demands of the Union, which contends that the wholo of tho firemen, trimmers, and cooks, also the servants of the different officers, including the surgeon's servant, are Chinese, and thnt they are", perfectly justified in the action which they have taken. On the other hand Captain Webber writes to the Herald that with reference to the number of Chinese carried in my ship, the following are the actual facts of the case. My crew consists of 105 mon all told; Out of this number only 35 are Chinese, and the rateB of wages paid are, viz: — European seamen, £6 per month ; Euro pean oilers, £9 per month ; European general servants, £5 per month ; Chinese firemen, £5 4s. per month ; Chinese servants, £4 16s. per month, Higher grades increase proportionately. In comparison with tho wages paid by my ship, I give below the actual wages paid by a leading line of London passenger Bhips carrying wholly European crews, viz., London rates: — A.B.'s, £3 5s.; oilers, £5 ; firemen £4 10s.; trimmers, £3 15s.; ' general servants, £3. Men have been shipped for the same steamers for the home voyage from Sydney at colonial rates, viz., A.B.'s; £3 5s.; firemen £4 10s.; trimmers, £3 15si; general servants, £3. By the foregoing you will see that the pay in my ship is on a most liberal scale, and I would point out that larger quantities of cargo are carried by the 'Frisco line to Sydney for transhipment by tho local lines of steamere, thus benefiting the coastal traded On the other hand, tho London lines deliver cnrgo at tho principal ports on route. I am, therefore, at a loss to understand why my ship has been singled out for tho most arbitrary conduct of tho Union, con sidering tho few Chinese I carry and tlie liberal treatment of my Europoari'crew." WYCLIFF ERRORS. The catalogue of Wyclif's "errors," as1 given by Lis Popish opponents, is 'most instructive, aud brings out the, character of the; doctrines he held; : Here are a few of these so called errors :— , '' ' (h) "Tht the.Pope; if he'dpthhotimitate Christ-arid Peter' 'in his-'life 'ahd manners,' is'' not to be called, ' the successor of Peter. ' '. (2;) "That'.kihgly Authority 'is' 'above/Papal' power."1' ' "w . .!!.': (3)5"That the/doctrine' of the 'Church of1 Rome : in matters' of faith is' the" greatest blasphemy of jAntiblirisf."''''- (4.)' " That' it is lawful' for clergymen to marry." '"/ 1 ' — / '/ (5.) "That baptism does not' 'confer,; but only signify, grace, 'which1 was given before."1 (6:)' " That in .the Saorameht the Host is': not to be' worshipped, and such as adore it are idolators ; ' that God could not, though He would; make His body/to be at the same time in several places." " ' ' 11 (7.) " That confession; to a man truly con trite, is superfluous, used by ' Antichrist to know the secretsand gain 'tlie wealth of others." It was against the doctrine of Transubstan- tiation. tliat Wy'clifEe stood 'out' moat strongly;' One' 'of hiB 'twelve bold 'theses on thip subject, and' which' he undertook to " defend against the : world;", was, :u " The consecrated Host which' we see' on 'the altar is neither Christ nor'any part of Him;' but t.he efficacious' sign' af Hi:n;"M'He;dbubtles8, saw in/this doctrine of TrahBubstahtiatibn the germ of many other errors.- He opposed it because of the idolatry which - springs from it; partly through ' the adoration, of, the consecrated Host, and partly through the blasphemous self-exaltation - and deification of man implied in the priest pre tending " to make the body of Christ." But Wyclif's grandest work was the. trans-, lation of the , Bible into English. ' The' Romish Chhrch/said that- th'e Bible, 'was "a1 book "for. priests only, and.. must be infLdtin:' ! ' Wyclif replied, "you are wrong; it is a 'book,', for every man, and shall be in English." .And 'so;, in 1 God's good, providence Wyclif was ;'the honoured instrument of giving to the people of England the first complete Bible in their own tongue. This was a fitting crowning of his earlier work. All along, in his controversy with Pope and Friar, he has taken his stand upon the Word of God. He proclaimed the absolute authority of Scripture. He declared that all other writings were trustworthy only ' so far as they were founded on Holy Writ ; that religious teaching can be accepted only so far as it is derived from the Bible. In his Srilogus (iv. 7) he writes " Even though there were a hundred popes, and all the monks were transformed into cardinals, in matters of faith their opinions would be of no account unless they were founded on Scripture." Thus did the Reformer vindicate the very foundation principle of the Reformation,' which is, we rejoice to say, the foundation principle of the Church of England, viz. : — The absolute authority and supremacy of God's ' Word in matter sof Faith (Bee - Articles vii,,.. xviii., and xxxiv., ®f Church; of ' England); Moreover, it wapjifyplif who began in earnest the! great';, movement \Vhicb culminated' 1 in; the fact declared by 'Article'xxxvii. of ibat Church: " The Bishop of Rome hath no jurisdiction ,in: this Realm of England:'" ' ' DEATH OF A PROTESTANT CHAM PION. — Wo have to mourn/ over tlie loss of one of the foremost 'ahiongst the Evangelical clergy of the present day, the Revd. Richard Paul Blakeney, D.D. L.L.D., Rector of Bride lington, Rural Dean and Canon of York. H- died after twenty four hours' illneBB on Tues day, 30th Dec., and was interred in the Priory Church on tho 6tli Jan. Dr. Blakeney. was a man who won the hearts of all with whom ho came in contact by his courteous and:gcntle manners, whose devotion to his parochial work and earnestness in it gained him general confidence and esteem, whoso attachment to tho Church of his fathers was accompanied by wide protestant sympathies which en deared him to all his parishonors. He waB the author of several controversial works in defence of tho Reformation ; his " History of the Book of Common Prayer " being probably that most widely known. Ho was the princi pal founder of the Church Association, and tho author of several of its important publi cations. His death will be deplored by , a wide circle of friends, who have for many years regarded him as one of the foremost champions of the Protestant cause. — English Churchman. THE KILBURN SISTERHOOD AND OTHERS. Through the kindness of the editor of the British Protestant says St. James's Chronicle , wo are permitted to reproduce an important illustration which appeared in the February number of that excellent magazine, and which wo have heard from independent sources is admitted by the Sisters themselves to have hit them a heavy blow ; at all events, it was tho means of obtaining from the Bishop, of Bath and Wells a public withdrawal of the sanction that he had previously accorded to certain publications (e.g., Banner of Faith) of tho Kilburn establishment. We can only express our sorrow and amaze ment that other Bishops, who have hitherto patronised the Kilburn Institutions, should have hesitated to follow so excelleut an exaraplo. Here follows the illustration referred to. o o o- o o o And to it waB appended tho following expla natory letter- press, which wo cannot do better than transcribe : restaurant ' and depot in paternoster row. In this narrow, well- known thoroughfare the Kilburn Sisters have opened a restaurant, , where working mcn; may have a good; nour ishing meal a a low rate.- Had the scheme gone no further it would have been- an un- ; mixed benefit ; but - the over- zealous Sisters not '/content with supplying i wholesome food for the body, have already provided— in an .adjacent ' shop — whatis anything! but whole-.' some' food for the souh Its real character-is shown in the shop- window (mark the above sketch) as it : appeared in November last, before the Christmas prints and decorations had placed' other objects under a- temporary eclipse. It would be difficult to point out how the Kilburn exhibition differs from what may be seon in tlio windows of' Mr. Wostbourne, Messrs. Burns and Oates, and other bona fide FapistB who carry on their business within a few yards. 1 -There are crosses — some of them daubed " with luminous paint; crucifixes ; (sculptured 7 ! and; pictorial) in the greatest 'variety '; guild-medalB (whether " blessed" or Lot we cannot' say) ; guardian-angels, saints, and, though' last not least, an image of the Madonna' with adoring angelB on either side. N.B.— This group stands 'on a ledge in th'e centre; What more has Rome herself -to offer, Tor here are all the main " sorceries" wherewith' " all nations" have been so long "deceived "!' (Rev: -xviii. 24.) ! We could ' wish that the. mischief were con fined to' the -'window,1 /but;' unhappily, a vast store' of 'pernicious 'literature is to be found within. Worse still, there seems to be m brisk"- demand - fori it all Transactions being ; carried Ln under theLurveillance; of a solemn Sister, whoBeTobust form may be discerned in an interior apartment communicating with the 'shop. Although we have scarcely used a tithe of the materials - at our command, we trust we have said enough to open the eyes of our countrymen arid countrywomen to the real tendency of 'the work which, very pos sibly with the'1 best intentions, the Kilburn Sisters, backed p by an enormous income, are 'energetically pushing on.c Surely we might have' the beneficent works-of- charity without tho mephitic 'dootrines of Romanism. . To save the bo'dy| and destroy the soul is, surely, but. a bad' bargain after all, ' - The candour , of the following quotation is remarkable :— . ' - " Our chief object is not to assist tho poor ; no, that is for us only as a means. Our object is to keep them -steadfast' in the Catholic Faith, and to propagate it among others by means of' charity.— Ozanan's WorJcs (pub. in Paris; 1859, by the Society/of St. Vincent de l Paul), voh viii:; p. 43.) Since.' February " last 'There has been a marked outward improvement in the character of the wares exposed for sale in the . Sisters' shop-window, but we greatly fear that the- amendment is only superficial, aud that there - iB still ai brisk demand for crufixes, as also for divers incentives to idolatry, such as images of the Virgin and Saints. At all events their literature remains as bad as ever, judging from the book — no worse than a dozen others —circulated by the Sisters, and of course sanctioned by the . Vicar of St. Augustine's, Kilburn, Mr; Kirkpatrick, member of the Society 'of; the HolyCross, and his associate- priests// ; \- v '"' TnE Seven. i' Such "is tlie; title 'of the book to which we refer,' but ! - th6 f reader will- j ask, as. .well - he; "may, " The seven what ? " Can the; ''Seven', Wonders ' of : the World," or the " Seven ' Champions of Christendom bo : intended ? " They cannot surely be: The " Seven so-called Sacraments " of the Romish Church; because our good sisters are English Ohnrchwomen, and, therefore, doubt less bold, with the Prayer-book, that the num ber, of sacraments established by' Christ is only' two— viz., Baptism and the Supper of the Lord. But here are seven . somethings, denominated " Sacred Rites -of the Church," all printed. in smallish type;' and all put on exactly the same footing, viz.:— Holt Baptism. | Holy Communion. Confirmation. I Visitation of the I Sick. Absolution. | Holy Matrimony. Holy Orders. Someone, however, may perhaps challenge our assertion that all the seven so-called " Sacred Rites " are placed on one level, where as Baptism and Communion stand at the head of the whole. Softly, it you ploaBe. Better turn over the leaf, and look at the table of Contents," where the seven "Tales," illus trative of the seven " Sacred Rites," are thuB arranged : — I.— The Soldier and His Son Baptism. II. — Tom's Confirmation Confirmation, III.— The Choiri arid the Cricket Club Absolution. IV. — Jamie's Flight The Communion, V. — Pain and -Peace Visitation of the Sick. VI; — True Love Matrimony, VII. — Alfred's 'Vocation Orders. Thus it appears that no invidious distinc tions are attempted as between ono " Sacred Rite " and another, all being reduced— or, .rather, all being exalted — to .the same sacer-; dotal level 1 But let us hear the- mind of the' Church of England as declared on the -point in question :— ; :;V "Those five commonly called (i.e., by- Rome) Sacraments— that is to say, Confirma tion, Penance, Orders, Matrimony, and Ex treme Unction, are not to be counted for Sacraments of the Gospel, being such, as have grown partly of the corrupt following of the. Apostles, partly are states of' life allowed /in'' the Scriptures ; but yet have not like nature of Sacraments with Baptism; and the. Lord's Supper, for that they have not- any .visible; sign or ceremony ordained of God. (XXVth Article.) . : 1 Thus it appears that the compilers: of 'the- Kilburn manual either cannot have read or > did not believe, the Articles of the Church To which they profeBs to belong. But their' object is clear enough ; they evidently wished to prepare the way — tho time not being yet quite come — for the opon acceptance of the Romish classification. Thoy must, however, have been sorely puzzled how to mako up the nuriiber of " Sevon Rites Sacred " out of, the Prayer-book, which contains no such service ob Penance and no such rite as' Extreme Unotion.. But they did the best they could; under the ... circumstances, putting " Absolut tion" in the placo of Penance (which it pre supposes), and substituting the' 'Visitation/- of the Sick" for Extreme Unction which.is intended to follow it by and by. But it was,' of course, -necessary to proceed cautiously or ' they might let the Romish cat prematurely out of the Kilburn bag. And now we muBt handle and ponder the pernicious views enun ciated on the. subject of Sacramental Grace. From what has already been stated the ultra-sacramental character of the book may be readily divined. It unequivocally teaches, the "regenerating grace of Baptism." We. begin our "baptized life when the water is poured upon us in the Name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost," for God then " gives- us a new heart and washes away our sins" (p. 10.) It teems with reference to "The Altar," "The Holy Eucharist," "Blessed Food;" : " Early Celebration," "Easter Com munion," arid the like. We are "made one with ChriBt by receiving the Precious Blood/' "A good boy "instinctively bows his head in reverential awe at the words, " This is My Body," "This is My Blood" (p. 195). Even courtship is carried on at the altar, for when Albert finds that "Susio his sweet- ' heart goes constantly to early Communion he joins her there too." (p. 277) When Alfred felt " restlesB and unhappy all the week," we are told that " On Sunday morning,, as he knelt (before: the altar, it was not an angel, Buch as minis tered to his Lord in the garden of , Geth-- ' seraane, but - the Lord Himself, who drew , near- to him to strengthen him, and when, he had received the Blessed Sacrament and re-,, turned to his place, a sweet, calm came, over, him, and he felt ready to do or bear whatever his God should send." (p. 341.) The same horrible idea of an actual broaden god reappears continually, as in the following -account of. a scene in a hospital; ward, to, which a young lad; "Joe'!- by name, had been taken it a hopeless state,: and who is, described as much elated at the prospect of receiying, the Communion and meeting. Christ there , ',' Yes;!.'-- said I Joe ; "I: keep on praying;, 'Jesu ! Jeeu I .como to me.' It will soon be the-.timenow.'hfi. :. . - Great preparations were made for the cero- mony iu the sickroom of the lad, whoso -very, -hours were, now numbered. c "There was — . A simple Altar by the bed, , . . . , , . i For. High Communion meetly .spread." "'Bertie his brother had spent, his,, last shilling in buyirig some bright .flowers, and- Tom had brought two or three little .pictures I from the wall of his own, little attic, so that; \- the poor room had quite a festive appearance." And now .for the .Viaticum (p. 267) : — , " It waa his first and last Communion, and the face of the -dying boy. was lit up with faith. and love aB the Food, in the strength of which he would go his last journey, and which would- ' preserve his body and soul into ever lasting life,' (.was administered to him/' , On Monday afternoon tho end was evidently approaching, and " tho Vicar," having been hastily summoned to the bedside, the coiri mendatory prayer was read : — "Wo i humbly commend tho soul of this Thy- servant, our dear brother, into Thy Hands, . as i into tho Hands of a faithful Creator, and moat merciful Saviour" — prayed tho priest ; and , even' as he spoTce the words, the prisoner was freed, arid the soul, wo may suroly trust, was being carried.'- by angols to ParadiBO." (p. 269). ; Another boy, a chorister, had been guilty of tho almost unpardonable sin of scribbling- something in his hymn-book, and then, when : questioned, denying tho fact. He, is very , hardened, but molts at last under the influence of the Vicar : — " At one time it had seemed as if God were about to take him to that new lile where penitence will be crowned with everlasting righteousnoss. And when his painful and' humbling Confeession the capitals are ours ' was made, and the words of pardon and/ absolution were ringing in his oars, he almost; longed to dio that fie might sin no more."' (P-I62-) . The subject of Confession is delicate and dangerous, and therefore, like Penance, it is kept aB muoh as possible in tho background. Still it is difficult to forbear a smile when ./ " Jamie," anothor offender, having been sent , for by the Vicar, finds himself alone in' tho- .-' vestry after the last of the choristers had left,./ "shutting tho door oh fie ! with a bang" - But where was the Vicar? Not far off wo may. bo sure. Indeed, to poor Jamie's, amaze/. . ment, he suddenly appeared through , another , . . , door which Jamie had hot jioliccdA'' (p. 207.) ' .This of course pertains to the inner ,or secret chamber 'in which'confeBsions were wont to be . j hoard; though, sib it turned out, not on this parti- .-cular. occasion. But wo must conclude for tho present' with tho remark that' the book, is dismally dull, in spite of slangy terms such as . "cocky" arid "funky," which, wo presume, arc intended to secure readers amongst the, working classes, who, howevor, will not be! caught with such trash. , FATHERS OF LIES. ; ' As the Papal papers are falsdy/'aaseriingn that the Orangemen - of ./Newfoundland' have been rejoicing in'perseontingtlie/'M'ReT'. . demptori8t. Fathers, /.wp! /extract' .lhe( fio'low- / i ing from, the Tormio Sentinel, to sliow what"/'- , little reliance is' to/be placed in reports from Romish .'sources :— Tho gcritle'mori who c om- ' pose this order of Romish missionaripB QRe- ,,' demp.torist Fnthers),. founded in 1732, by/, Alfonso Liguori, are, wo believe, full brothers' to the Jesuits." The difference . between them ' liesprincipallyj'in t/namo.' The, fo'rnaer! insti tution,, >yith blasphemous irony, is called'afcer/ tho Redeemer, while : the. latter .has outraged the holy Lame: of; Jesus' by its adoption/ ' Their, aims .are identical, as are tlie'( general / .; .principles, upon.':' which they endeavour,/ to/ / iadcomplish tlie|ir,erids.'../The memberk/ofipoth / ! /.societies,, .are .. proselytizers,. "spies , , of/ /the,,/' Vatican, political intriguers, aiid enemies of / .civil and -religious liberty ;>Their mdtto under all circumstances, is that the end! justifies' the . means, and their teachings substantiate the . fact that thoy will not scruple to bear false wit-' ness when bysodoinga purpose is to be gained. As our readors are aware, a couple of these . missionaries wore Bent to Newfoundland to establish a mission at Bay Roberts ; arid be-' T : causo the Orangqinen of that place would riot , . pull down their arches at their command, they have published /broadcast in all tho Roman ' Cathqlic papcrs a tissue of falsehoods, for ilie . .purpose of. yillifying the brethren and holding up the Orange Institution to the detestiition' ' " of the .civilised world. - " The following, under date of J anuary 10th,' 1 " L \- are the false statements made by these disci- ' , pies of Liguori : ' !' " About two months ago we, the under signed Redemptorist Fathers, arrived, from Boston, Mass., to liold missions in Conception Bay, N. F. We reached a locality in that bay ; named Bay Roberts, the 17th of November, 1884\. - .\Ve had not long taken up our . resi- / ' dence there before wo wore subjected to the '/ . groBBest'. abuse, /persecution, arid intimidatioh' by a cro wd of - Orangemen assembled daily and-., nightly on the streets. The most vile,' scumlous;;,and' nairielesq language was used, land threats menacing to our lives were hourly uttered., We, were told that if we did not leave Bay. Roberts immediately the house we . .occupied would 'oo pulled down about our heads. One savage ruffian drew a largo knife1' and made a plunge at Father Dolargay.. "Recognizing at last that our lives were ' seriously, imperilled, wo requested Father E. Walsh, the pastor , of Bay Roberts, to maker an application to the local authorities for pro-/' tection. :. Ho went to Capt. Dame, one of tho' resident magistrates of the place, butroceived' ; ;no satisfaction. T'ds worthy guardian/of the ' la\y even (told him that he 'did not believe his' statement.. We were therefore obliged to suspend our. mission and left Bay Roberts. .Subsequently, - having J closed a 'series of mis- .siona in. other parts of Conception Bay; we/, were requested by theRt. Rev. Dr . McDoniild, ..'Bishop . of Hrirbor Grace, to. resume and com- pletqiour missions. , ' V As we approached the settlement wo were/- surprised to find a crowd of Orangemen num-' .bering between 1,500. and 2,000 obstructing; the highway or main road as far aliead as we y . could . see, and also an Orange arch' across /the' ; , road and /confronting us mqr.eiy for the ' jiur- / poso .of exposing us, /to / tho opprobrium, ; and . . indignity of. . walking under Orarige banners. -We at, once declined to proceed/', and . .firmly, decjared that the ' Stars and ' Stripes/ would not in our persons be subjected to such a lawless outrage. ., . , . / ,. ." Seeing; that the Newfoundland /'Govern-'' : rnent had. apparently- neither law nor power to romoyo.the standing insult set up against our faces, \ye appealed to tho Consul of the United States for protection from opon insult and threatened violence. At the demand of Con- sul Mulloy, his Excellency Gov. Glover sent over an additional police force and also or dered the British war ship Tenedos to the pcene of tho disturbance. However, it was only after repeated consultations with tho government of St. Johns that tho obnoxious riflags were removed Tuesday, the 6th of Jan uary, at 11 o'clock a.m. Wo then proceeded to complete the'iiiission under protection of the land force and under cover of the guns of tho'.Tenedos. ' " We 'now declare our conviction that' had it not been for the (authority of the United States, speaking .through her Consul at St. Johns, we could not have exorcised our in violable rights as priests of the Catholic Church in Newfoundland." We have already, proved that these state- ! monts.aro unblushing falsehoods; that the 'Orangemen neither assaulted the 'bishop nor j the so-called fathers, nor committed any i breaeh- of 'the peace ; and :that'the»people of | Newfoundland resented the interference of; the authorities as most unjustifiable, .and un-j 'called for. However, lest' the te'stiniohy'woi have (produced might-be looked upon as com-, ing through prejudiced channels, we append j the following from the Halifax Presbyterian Witness : . ; j " The New York Herald's correspondent, ; MrrMJohn -Morris, -hns"iiiformed--thatr paper- that tho R. C. Bishop, Dr. . MacDonald, of? Harbor Grace, was fired upon when passing. Nicholas Hill, on St. Stephon.'s , Day.,, last,,. 'There is not a vestige of truth1" 'in "tins report. The'iimyStery is (that such dastardly untruths are uncontradicted by such as Dr. MacDonald w.ho, knew r, the. contrary. The latest excite ment' hJas been caused solely by two Orange flags on a rope stretched across the; street at Roberts. rBishopMacDonald would not pass under these flags and go to chapel with, the Rqderaptorist Fathers, and the Orangemen saw n'o lia'rin in flying their flags. It will be remembered that Bay Roberts is a purely Protestantdistrict I But no interference with the bishop or his clergy took place nor were anyninsplts , offered,, except in the flying of 1twoL Orah'ge flags. And this is why the ."iRedemptorist rFathors j claimed the right of \ American citizens and appealed to the go v- L'er ndrlth'rough1 the American Consul that EL.M. S. T.enedos should be sent to the scene." At' a'maBS-meeting of over one thousand of the inhabitants of Bay Roberts, the following resolution was unanimously passed : rq Wihereas, reports have been forwarded by " ptivaio parties rhisrepresonting the conduct of (inhabitants of Bay Roberts, and whereas the .Government, have taken action in the face of repeated assurances' from H. M. Justices of the .Peace in Bay . Roberts that the public peace should not., be broken, resolved that this meeting formerly protest against the want of 'confidence in our Magistrates, thus exhibited by the Government, and = demand an official investigation to disprove tho allegation from whatever source reflecting on our character as law-abiding citizens. "rr, ? 7 ; We couldprocluce columns- of such unpro- j udicodeyidence pto - refute , — tlie'v1 false and" slanderous' statements 'of ;-the - Redemptorist" Fathers, but it is needless to do so. Orange; r menjdm. world over are knownto .be" 'peace ful, ToyW'and law-aiiiaingcitizens (who5 will molest no class, in.theiexercise. of- '.their, rights, but who insist- fortfiem'selvca' upoh equal -im- munity from oppression", ' and freedom ;,o£- action. The histm-y of the RedeTnptorists or J esuili'prb ves -them -to'Sbe'fl isl oy nl 4o fie'very? State, breeders :of;strife, r.ebellidn and .discbrd.' ; jenfatalHimesready .Jo bea.r(fai8o,.wit- Tnesst r Inr: tln instance ''tliey .albrie'are -to! 'blame. They first rendeayouredto- precipitate ' .a.riot, and, having ,.faileduin jhat, „have,„pub"-I lished broadcast a tissue of most villanous falsehoods in reference to the circumstances. THE MAYOR OF DUBLIN'S INSULT TO THE PRINCE. (By Pablb to the New York Herald.) Dublin, March 5.— -Tho Lord Mayor left last evening bn-a surnmons from Mr. Parnell for London, where they will hold a conferene as to the former's, insult /to' tile Prince? of Wales in his Sunday speech in Phoenix' Paik. It is believed here that the Lord Mayor-will withdraw Ins. words , and apologise to tho, nationalists. ; It is'thought also that the Lord ' ?iMayorf i.8rin 1 ia,(imons,trous .dilemma, just no;w. , j Hefitheuidol - of the extremists, and/if. he' apologises he will gain their open contempt and only .change the existing dSCorn , of tho '.GaBtle' party into, convert hostility, ! thereby -losing, his, political legs that have been .walk-, , ing him-.towards Parliament.. -Later.1 — The Lord Mayor, before leaving for London, wrote the following loiter, which will appear in tho Dublin papers- this morn- ing: — "I wifh.to. express myr sincere regret at having, tinder jthe\ excitement .'of a mass' meeting, used jlauguageUnJ reference to. the,/ visit of the Prince of Wales which is justly Fj liable,- ensure ..,as, jpfferingf disrespect- to 1 , their . Royal JHighhesies." Nothing was f ar- .otherfrbm myrjintehtion)5than"jto'dp.js»Vand?I': trust this apology will bo, accepted." rThis letter clearly establishes' the dilemma tlie- Lord Mayor is in, and which is spoken of in my previous despatch. It is undorstood that- the Fenian Brotherhood., have issued direc tions to thoiri members in>!ho way' to take notice of $h'e 'Prince's' viSit. Alderman Clancy yesterday gave notice he would move . latjthenextnmeetirig of -the cprpbvatioff.that, x ihefreedom "of ' the 'city of Dublin be ' con ferred on Mr; Davitt, . Mr. OlBrien, and , Mr.,, Sexton forc-Cxceptional services, 'jto-the Irish1 cause. " Lbridon, March 7. — London Punch has the best cartoon for years. It represents the Princo of Wales in tho dress of tlib old stage Irishman of Barney Williams' time, dancing witlya shillelagh raised, whilo the Princess is in the dress of a Hibernian peasant, wearing n clohktand with an Irish cro wn onLerhCad., She sits playing the harp of Erin,- wile anh English pug.and an Irish wolf dog sit on a pile of luggage. The Prince says : — " It is never too late to learn, mavourneen, though 'tis not bo much tho dance that bothers my feet as the brogue that bothers my tongue." The Princess answers : — " Put your heart in it, acushla. Shure ye've got a month to work at 'em before: ye Btart." The Princess- .'is represented as singing v i Cruel cowards who blight Erin Vfame are not right When they point her ablaze, , I For the battlo arrays ( :. The island of green yfjr In spring's sun sliall be seen An Arcadia of ;peace , r„q- ; ' When our Princess steps in. ' " ;.;;tEAILURES :,OF PAPAL; MISSIONS. An able reviewer of a recent number of the Church Missionary Intelligencer has replied to to a critique from Roman Catholic sources - : upon Dr. Maclear's article on Missions1 in the ( Encyclopedia Britannica, the Catholic lauthor, Mr. A. Hilliard Atteridge, having takon ex ception to some of Dr. Maclear's statements in regard to Roman Catholic missionslin India and elsewhere. : '".'Mr. Atteridge had especially challenged Dr. Maclear's statement that tho Portuguese . =had: persecuted and corrupted the -so-called: \- "'Syrian Christians" on the "Malabar coast. In -reference to this our reviewer Bays : — 1 <1 (The , Syrian, Church in Malabar had kept! quite clear of Rome till the establishment of; tho Portuguese in India ; amid some errors it' retained much of the Christianity '.of, ft'10: earlier and purer ages. There .wasi.npVforped auricular confession ; the priests were married,: had no images ; rtheyr ? possessed many! copies of the Holy VScriptures, from; which the priests' taught the people.; They only .. acknowledged three .Sacraments,: the third being Holy Orders. So much inj accordance with Protestant teaching were, many of their doctrinal tenets that thej Augustinian friar, Gouvea Reader of Divinity, at Goa, imagined that our reformers might have obtained their doctrine about the?Eu-; diarist from them. At 'fi flit Ithe/ Fr aVc is can s , ' who were employed in the reconciliation of the Syrians to Rome, proceededjvery gently ; finally Xavier introduced the Jesuits. But, the antipathy of the people, to Romanism was so great that they made but -little 'way until they began to use physical force where argu-; ment could not prevail. -Atthe (Synod; of Udiamparur all RomisH doctrine was fastened, on the Syrian Church. All their preachers; were transformed into sacrificin'g'priests, and- were suspended until they put away their; wives. In order to compel attendance upon; sorvices, the power of Hindu princes was! employed. On one occasion the bishop hadj surrounded the chnrch with troops, hoping to; capture the Syrian Archbishop, whom, he said, ho had already destined for the Inquisition, j The reviewer also takes up the history ofj (the ; early . Congo ;miesion rof tho Roman! Catholic Church,' and he shows that for two! centuries- Romanism was the ostensible re-; "ligion of Congo. Paganism was interdicted,; .(andevere penalties were inflicted upon those! ,kno.\yn , tor par-ticipate jn its rites. ,At several; periods; 'ifJ would>Jbave.beoh1'diffi6ultTtcrfindi rono-adult cvyho rhad.:-not been baptized. Im-- 'mehse effort;-wasmade- on /behalf of that; po.ufitry.; j Jesuits, Dominicans, Franciscans,! _ Capiichins,' Augustins, Bernardin8, Carmelites, 5and -M most- AveryTrdrderof "the church, "were, ; nrt.!.rdiffercnt .'times, )-sen't Jto Congo. In the climax of rPor,tugal's pow.er and wealth, the (govern ment wa's :,evef'f ready > .to : defend ) the mission j tand Ihe (treasures of the country were -poured.forth.forlitV.support. African princes were among the devotees of the church. All this, as the reviewer scarcely needs to toll us, has been completely obliterated, in fact, long forgotten, so that probably there : are few even among intelligent Christians who oven know that Congo was ever a .'Christian country. .j. | Abyssinia is pointed out as the scene of still; another'' failure; In ;thotjmiddle of the six teenth century, Jesuits from Goa appeared on -thetacene, and tried to bring the Abyssinian .Church under the authority of Rome! and in 1559 (the w.liole church was excommunicated by- the Papacy, because it refused submission i, and j', theiYiceroy of Goa was importuned for trpppB to reduce the church and kingdom of Ethiopia to the faith." But instead' of sup plying:! these, lie prevailed on the Pope to \- recall tho jesiiits, and they were recalled by a bull dated 1560. . ' "We cannot tell the whole story of the quarrel between tho professed followers of the two religions, with alternate successes and failures," says the reviewer ; " but once again in'i.663 the Jesuits were expelled from a mis sion, the miserabtaand-djpgr.aceful termination of which admits of ho parallel in the history of;the w.orld." - ,„tt ' uTlie discussion between' Mr.1 Atteridge;and ibis; reyjewer passes to the Spanish- pountrB,of .America. , The Catholic author, "having ''quoted! some- garbled expressions from Pres- cott's History, draws the fire of his reviewer in a most disastrous fashion. The veil is lifted from the dark history of the Spanish conquest in Mexico and in Peru, and those terrible deeds of rapacity and bloodshed which were carried on by a sinister alliance . between rutbleBs freebooters and. hypocritical, but equally rapacious -priests of Rome;, receive ...once more the chastisement that they deserve. Alas! that these Spanish- American countries are compelled at this late day to stretch forth their hands for tho truth which most civil ized lands received more than two centuries" ago. If Romish missions failed in India, Congo, Abyssinia, and virtually failed in Mexico and South America, what shall we say of China, Japan and Korea, where the greatest obstacle to all raissions to-day.is the fact that those groat fields have all boon burned over, burned to desolation hv t.bn minplnd nnnernt.i. tion and intrigues of the Papacy ? — Phila- , delphia Protestant Standard. MEETING OF INVINCIBLES IN PARIS.:, Paris, March 5. — Anothor meeting of . In;1, vincibles of a more formal character than the recent conclave took place to-day at Francon-j ville, a . village between Sannois and Poptqise, near Paris. As is known through the seizure! of certain compromising letters in London,' the meeting was to have come off at Sannois,! but on, reaching the plaoo fixed on ( for. thej 'rendezvous it was found to be closed. ' The: meeting resolved to draw up a letter.- for. transmission to the Princo of Walosithrpugh; Michael Flannery, copies of .the letter tojje! sent to Earl Spencer, to tho Lord Mayor of. Dublin, and other notabilities. dTho precious' document is addressed to " His Royal High-: neBB the Princo of Wales, Grand- Master of Hhej English' Freemasons," and condescendinglyi promises that consideration and good' will will j be shown in arranging' the trip to ''lrelariH.; Neither the Princo 'nor' Princess"1 shalU' bo: harmed during tbejr stay on; the' sabred', soil of Erin. " Go and' see' for 'y6uf8blvo8',,'''say8' tli'o: document, "what"' the Irish p'eop!e"1'haver'suf-: fored. We shall thank'' 'you',' 'although ''you ' are the residuary legatee of- cehturiesbf-u'sur-' pation and atternptod-' extririhination.'"s,,Tho: ' letter 1 concludes ' The "life 'of f your; Royal i Highness, apart from the good feeling'show'n in your proposedijoumeyj/ha'sTn'o: definite con- nectionwith Irelandls/aspirations or Irolnnd's tyrpngs.,,, , Signed (for the Irish Revolutionary Directory), Miciiael..Flannery. " '-r' Sponge cake, 'that' h'as'liedoine dry;;,may be cut into thih 'Micds 'and ' toohted;' It ' isdeli- 'cate,-- and»roally"nioeiwith»tea;'>'Slice8-of-8talo sponge cake have boen browned in the oven and then served to unsuspecting people as Italian rusks, and have beon eaten with relish. j .. Thpjplpyatiqp .of I)r. .Temple to tliGf,See of iLondbti lias-caused fejdioing in the ranks of -teetotalism.'' The (mew-'bishop, at' the present! Nationlil ! -Temperance -League; .- What -iis!> more,- 'Mrs.' 'Temple isiaid ltofbe '-as; damest!in the'eause ,of »Temperanoe as her iiusband. iTlie Tee-: ,|tota,lers ,will( iiresent Dr. 'Temple 'with' tin 'address of welcome on liis arrival in Lohdoh; 