I NOMADISM IN DOMESTIC 1 SERVICE. I The publication of Mrs Carlyle's letters | laid bare before the world the melan- j .choly, not to say tragic, interior of what in Borne respectp was typical British ? household, through which flit^ like ghosts, . % perpetual succession of disappointing domestics. Mrs Carlyle's lamentations embody in literary form, with her natural ?empnasis, tne dull monotone of compla-iut over the shortcomings of servants that rises incessantly in English homes. They throw a flood of light upon Mr Carlyle's vehement denunciations, and what ho called the nomadic .scheme of servitude. The following passage from 'Shooting Niagara' is' very easy to be understood after Mr Froude's revelations : — ' It will be long before the fool of a wo*ld open its eyes on the taproot of the fond notion that servantship and mastership on the no madic principle was eve-, or ever will be, except for -brief -periods, possible among human creatures. Poor sou's: I and when they have discovered it,, what a puddling and weltering 'ahdlscolding - and jargoning there will be before the first peal step {to-, wards remedy, is taken !' Of puddling and weltering, scolding and jargoning, there were enough in the Chelsea house hold, and in miny a thousand others such: but who -can sty tint the first real step to wards a remedy has been taken? The tradition- of service lasting for seven, fourteen, or twenty years is dying out, and although it would be easy to' discover ser vants Srho har£ lived :aH their lives in the same family, vet the average -period of an . engagement does not exceed -two years. Mr He herihgton.of the Employment Agencv, has on his books a record of 30,000 engagements, and in 28,000 of these cases the engagement dia not last two years. In order to induce servants engaged through his agency to remain longer in their places, he has this year offered to give a watch to every girl who remains two years in a place 'which ho finds her. So far his experience has shown that he need be under no apprehension of ruin from his rewards ; hardly any girls, he says, will enter their names for the. com petition. ' Two years in a place 1' ex claims Maiy Anne ; 'I should think not !' and experienced observers maintain that this represents the fixed idei of at l»ast 93 per cent, of English servants. This, of course, may have lieen an exag gerated estimate, bas^-d upon insufficient data, but it indicates surely that nomadism is still iu full force among us. A change of situation brings variety and supplies a little excitemsn*. to an existence not moa% over bright. It is easier to account fir it than to suggest, remedies. Fr-mi t :m~ to time prop-sals are made to ir.st: tn^'i an order or dec -ration fur setv.irvs who have remained a lengthened perio.-l in one family, but the rage for decorations 1 hardly prevails with so much intensity in this country as to induce a housemaid or a cook to forego the immediate excitement of a chatige fo? the doubtful glory of wearing a bit of colored iib'bo» ,at an age when ihe chief charm of linefy h»B Vanished forever. Another great induce ment to oiinn^e place is the natural desire of Abigails to secure a husband. If, after 12 months in one stfeeSj she fails to attract a likely follower, she looks upon it as a huntsman on a covert drawn blank, and seel?* to tnnsfer herself to fresh fields and pasture'2 new, where she may again renew her quest iot en eligible suitor. — Pall Mall Gazette. 