EITIIEL'S SECRET. "t'])Aiihso PAIul,:-Your note safely received, I will meet you at St. James' Park this afternoon at three. lo prompt, for if we are discovered all is lost. " Your own. .go Mr. Clarence Montgomery stood lirke one suddenly petrifled, os he read thes words slowly, over and over, once, twlce,tfhrice; then he turned awaywith a groan of dessler. " Aih ! ne," tie nulrmured, brokenly; " it does not seemn posoilo ! Site, my wife, upon whose honour and innocence I would have stakled my existence. False? No; I cannot, believe it.. Yet this note is in her hand. writing. I hlavo found it upoen her writing.deski. Whlat Also can I believe but that it. was written bylher to some man? Paul! I wonder who he can be? \V'lhat a fool I have been to be deceived by her apparent guilelessness. I wnow what I will dd," Iha added, sharply, crushing trhe little note into his pocket with vehement emphasis an he spoke, " will be at St. James' Park at three, and I will face hler with her perfidy. But., ohi, Ethel! Ethel! my wife! it is worse than death itself to doubt her ! " He was turning away from the hnndsomo apart. ment, which was titted uip is a study, when a light footflll paused at. the door, and Etllheol Montgomery entered the room. Sh0e was the impersonation of innocenice. No deceit lurked in her soft blue eyes and there was something child-like and confiding in the sweet, youtllful face. She came to his side, and her soft white amnrs went around his necki while her blue eyes met his with a loving gaze. Ito started in surprise. Could this be guilt? Yet there, in her own lhandwriting, was the promise to meet, "l'aul" at, three. The words of the letter seemed to burn his heart an thIy lay lagainst it. A sudden imnpnlso prompted him, and ihe stooped and kissed the sweet upturned fiace. "Ethel," he said, "will you drive with mre this rftceroon? 'fihe weather is so perfect. I will try to get away fromi business, and will call for you at three." A blush, red as a rose, Ilalmed over te swecet young face; the blue eyes drooped under his gaze, and the hand that lay on his grew cold and trembled slightly. 1" Thankl you, dearest," slte returned slowly " you are very kind ; but I hlavo promised Aunt Mary to go with her this afternloon to do somno shopping. You ineow ('the old lady has not been long in Loiilon, and slo depends upon mei to pilot her about the streets of our great and wicked citiy. I do not like to disappoint you, Clarence dear, but I can hardly breaki the engage. ment madeo with Aunt Mary yesterday." Ile dropped her hand without a. word, frnd turned away. For the first timeo sinc their marriage, one year ago, hi left his wife withouttihoe customarygood by kiss. All daly the thought of tlniat meeting haunted him. It, stood between himself and the long rows of figures before him. 1he was a thriving business man, anrd had mun?h to engross his attention; but to-day the ghost, tllat I lunted him persistently refused to be laid. IHe felt sick and miserablo. About two o'clock, unable to endure tllis sickening suspense nny longer, lihe went home on the ostensible errand of finding a mislaid paper. lie found his wife dressed to go out, and never since lie h had known her had she looked so lovely in her handsomo walking dress of olive green mirvellieu, with i pretty " Manon" bonnet to match. She was surprised at, her husnlnd's unexpected appear nuce, and lie fancied startled also. But she recovered her composure soon. " Clarence," she said, while ne was tumbling a lhenp of docunenta into inextricable confusion in the little study, " did you--did you-find a note of mine this morning ? I have mislaid aone; it is not very impor tant, still I would like to find it." MIo bit his lip to crush back the execration tliat trembled for expression, and his face was very pale as he turned and confronted er. Iad lhe delivered that tell-tale letter then and there into his wife's possession, lie might havo saved himself much after suffering and trouble. But we are all wise when it is too late. "4I know nothing of your correspondence, Ethel," he answered, ia little sharply. Shel clme to his side to soothe his irritability with a loving kiss. " Forgivoe inc, darling," sho cried, " for annoying you with trilles when you are tired! Kiss mo, Clarence, won't you? Oh I whalt have I done ? Have I offended you, darling ?" For Ile had turned away coldly, and refused to grant the caress. Thau Ihe left the room ind the house, left with ma cloud upon his brow, and a cold, numnb feeling in his heart. Three o'clock found Clarenco Montgomery in St. James' Park. And lest he should be seen and recog nized, lie had stooped to the deception of ai disguise. no peered about among the groups of people, walldng or atanding in pleasant converse, but. no trace of the womani hI soughlt amnd the "l'anul" whomsho expected to meet. He waited until it, began to grow dskl; then, wit i astrange despair closing in upon his spirit, hen went home. Ethel was thler before himn ; but silo Soas rensding i letter--a letter which selo tllrust into her pocket with a start at is uneoxpected appearance. Inter in thie evening the bell rang and the servant arnnouneled " a gentleman to see Mrs. IMontgomery." Ethel grow very palo, thero tlushed" celestial rosy red." Sire arose hastily oand went to tIe drnwing-roonm. Half an hour passed. ClarencoMontgomeory sittingwithl a newspaper in Iis hand, but not seeing or lheding one word of the printed matter beforeo him, was startled by the sound of hanty footateps. The door wan flung open and Ethel appeared before him, perfectly radiant. In her hand was o small packnge, which ll e deposited upon thIe Lable befoire him. " Clarencol" she cried, gayly, "'vo been keeping a secret from you for wrcolr---a weiglihty secret., too." " Does it concern l'Paul?" lie sneered angrily. T ro his astonishmont, instead of being overwhelmed with confusioa das wife burst into a peal of nusiceal laughctr. tYes, it concerns aild I" shen cried, an soon as dho could speak for merriment. " Seo hero, Claroinee, I rdo believo that, you found my note after all, and that you havire beor jealous, actually jealous of Paul Kingston, my hero I For you did not dream that you had an utlhoress for a wife, did you, sweetherort? Nobody knows my secret but Aunt Mary ; shoe his been going with me to Itho publishers in.connection with thit business ; sho wont there with no tlis aftlernoon. I wanted so much to surpriseyou; so 1 waited to finish may story, and nmrko sure it was accepted beforoe I told you. It is ot serial story, for oneo of the loading inaga' tines. 'ro-night, Mr. Ebony, the publislher, called luhcre timself to pay me--tlhero is thle monoy, Clarence-- and lie sayso ie will accept all the worle of equal merit that I may clhoos to furnishl him. Look in rmy oyes, my husband, and say that you forgivo moe for keepinug this secret." " And ' Paul' P-ond ' St. Jrames' Park ? '" faltered Mr. Montgomery, feeling decidedly small at thought of thoso long Irourr of weary waiting and waticling illcoa. Sin laughled iheartily. " When you reed my story you will see it all there," she cried. 'Ih'o snerno is lhrkd hero in London, aind, darling, though I did wroito it myself, the rtory Ia clharming. And to thtis day Clarence Monlitgomory koops, nS a secret of hiin own, lhow he opeon thrro morial hours n tihe parkt, Is a nolo perlformor In a prfivetta . rnrasuer'de, - 