JOHN NEEDHAM'S DOUBLE. A Story -Founded on Fact, By JOSEPH HATTON, Anthor of "Clytie," "Cruel London," "Three Becruits," Jrc, - "That will do." /Then he tore up. His failures, and , leaving his last effort upon, the.table, went to the fireplace, removed the paper ornament, tried the damper to.< see if it was down, found it up, and lighting tho . bits of cacer watched them blaze. Next he took . off his coat and woshed and shaved himself. "My travelling clothes are laid out ready." Then he repeated " laid out," . and paused to say " a grim phrase." , . He changed.his dress clothes, packed them away, examined the dispatch box thoroughly, investi gated the dressing case, which contained several rings, a few sovereigns, some silver, and a minia- . ture portrait of a lady in n locket; and a letter bearing yesterday's London post mark, " Who iB this from 7 My sister 7 Yes — Kate NorbuTy, He read as follows— "My dear Joe, "Good-bye ogain, my dear. It is already very, very lonely without yon, bnt / I can bear it for your sake, and ns the days go on there will be the looking forward to your coming back, and that will make the time fly. And you will tnke great care of yourself, won't yon 7 If ever j ou are tempted to ran any risks think of me. and Aunt Dorothy, and Dick, and . always remember that we are thinking of you Aunt Dorothy arrived two hours, ago, and is full of good spirits, and she insists that Dick is to" come and spend Saturday, and Sunday as nsual, whereby I am writing to him now to say that Annt Dorothy insists, and that he can come if he likcB. Do yon know, Joe, my dear, I think Dick is as fond of yon as be is of me, only that I am a woman, you know, and you -are not, and if you were I should be jealous of you, for, if I don't tell Dick that Hove him very much- there is no harm in my telling yon, is there ? Because you know what love is, and you know how much 1 love you; so much, that I would never marry Dick without your consent, though Armt Dorothy says that is nonsense, but she istvery much prejudiced in', my favour. The greyhounds missed yon yesterday, and the old cob seemed to ask for you when I gavo him some oats, and in the village they are all talking of you and wishing you a good voyage and n safe return I shall expect to hear from yon in the morning and yon will send me a telegraphic message from Liverpool, won't yon? Tnke care of yourself, nod writo to me the moment yon ' arrive, ani alwayB feel that you are in all our thoughts and especially in mine. — Your most loving and affec tionate sister, ' " Kate." "Ah," he said, 'pondering the character of the writing, " she is a woman of more determination than her brother ; she writes a firmer hand, makes no flourishes; it is' a pretty style too, jaunty; wonder whnt he said in reply 7 , Wonder what he wrote in tho letter that .probably crossed this ? Did be mention me 7 And if so, how 7 Didhesay I was like him in appearance, or he like me?" He waited to be called, pretended he was in bed when the porter knocked, told him to leave the hot water and boots at the door. " And the noosopnpers," said the porter, " two sir." "All right," said Needham, and has he quietly unlocked the door when the porter had gone away, he said to himself, " Nooscpapers, indeed I Not if I know it. If discovery is possible they will never get my head into a noose !' He looked the door and eagerly scanned the two papers. They contained np reference to last night's dark work. One of them had an "ondit" respecting his coming financial fall ; but that did not disturb him. By balf.past nine o'clock ho had breakfasted. Said his bill, received the parcelof money that had cen deposited at the bar, and was being driven to Kuston, the sun shining on him as freely as if he werenottho least saint- like of the thousands of worshippers for whoso behoof many church bells were already beginning to chime for Sabbatli rites and sermons. - CHAPTER X. An Unexpected Meeting. On Sunday morning a bird-catcher on the hunt for "feather-headed" warblers who could detect no difference in the song of the decoy from the" fresh wild notes of liberty, came upon the dead body of gentleman not far from the well-known hostelry called Jack Straw's Castle. First he saw a horse browsing in one of the little adjoining valleys. Half amilefurther oahesaw a brougham, partly ou the bridle path at the back of the tavern and partly in a furze bush ; and close by lav the dead body of a gentleman, cold and stiff. It was' in evening dress. The clothes were wet.. a crushed hat, and a bottle labelled " es sential oil of almonds" were lying, by its aide, and on the bottle wns written, "John Needham, Esq, M.P, Portland Place " Near the brougham was a silver spirit flask with "John Needham" engraved upon it, together with a crest. It con tained essential oil of almond, and there wns still left in the other bottle a considerable quantity of the deadly drug. The bird-catchcr, relinquishing business for the day, went to tho inn and roused the landlord. It was a glorious summer morning The thunderstorm of the preceding night hud freshened the earth and cleared the atmosphere. Ilampstcad Heath was a picture of beauty, the air full of sweet perfumes, and the snn was flooding the landscape with a soft and tender light. Assistance being procured, and the police duly introduced into the affair, the body was removed to Hampstcad Workhouse, where it awaited the Coroner's inqurst. It lay there in the dcadhousc while tho murderer wss travelling comfortably , enough to Liverpool, The train stopped too frequently, however, for his perfect satisfaction. It made him feel lonely and Btrangc to see people greeting each other, coming and going, exchang ing Sunday visits, He was almost the only first-, class passenger. He had brought the despatch box into his carriage, and lor the first two hour3 of his journey he read many of tbe papers and let ters and memoranda which it contained. Then he turned to the newspapers again and read over the on nil. relating to himself, and for the publication of which he was glad, seeing that it would help prepare the public for tlie discovery ou Hampstcad Heath. Had it been discovered 1 he asked him self, and answering it at the same time. Of course it had. How? lly whom? What had they done witli it 7 Taken it to Portland Place 7 Would - the nifnir be in to-morrow'B papers 2 When would lie see to-morrow's papers 7 Had he left any detail of the business unconsidered 7 Did anybody know that Norbury had called on him? Had anybody noticed thf likeness between them 7 Had Norbury told hisjawyer that he was to call on Mr Needham 7 What would it matter if tie had? . Supposing they made inquiries about Nor bury? They would only learn that he caaie in late, had been in the country, and had goae to Liverpool. Was there anything odd in Norbury's conduct? No. He paid his bill, gave a receipt for the money they had taken care of for him ; did not forgot his unpacked trunk in the hall. But they might want him as a witness ; they might send to Liverpool afterliim. Could they do it in time to stop his sailing? Yes, that' troubled him; and as he alighted from the train towards evening he received a rude shock. " How do you do, Needham 2" said a gentleman on the platform. " I thought I was the only mnn who felt obliged to travel on Sundays." " I beg your pardon," said Needham, with a' real Btammer, an exaggeration of his enstomary slight hesitation of manner, " you havo the advantage of me," "Mr Needham, is it-not 7 "said thi other. . " Mr John Needham,' surely 1 cannot be mistaken." " You are, sir ; my name is Norbury," "I beg your pardon," said the other,' my'name is Green — Wilfred Green. I am the member for Harwood, and I could have sworn you were a col league of mine." ; ' - ' Yon honour me," said Needham ; " I have never aspired to a seat in Parliament." " I beg your pardon," said the stranger again. Needham smiled, took off his bat, and moved away. . - - - 'tCiirsehipii" he muttered between his teeth; "1 always hated him— the jabbering idiot I What will he say when he reads the papers to morrow?" What did he say? When he read of the dis covery of the'body he rubbed his hands with plea sure. ' fNot that be diBliked Needham, but because he was a spiritualist, one of the first active talking and writing spiritualists of the modern revival of an otherwise superannuated superstition ; and he believed he had seen ' Needham 's 'materialised spirit on its travels. -He suddenly remembered that he and Needham had not many wepks pre- viously had a long conversation of a psychological and- Biblical character," in-' which -Need-' ham had expressed his - entire belief in tbe Biblical visions . and - ' in u ghosts, and - had confessed that . He saw no reason why the nineteenth century shonld be deprived of spiritual' intercourse with -those- who had gone before them to thespiritlaud. t;' Mr Wilfred Green M.P., wrote a letter to the' "Times," stating that it might be more than a coincidence,' the appearance unto him at Liverpool on; Sunday of John Need ham; and he suggested ' several- curious psycho logical explanations of .the same. It might have been an optical effort of . the mind or a com munication from /the: spirit world ; John Need- hams personality might for the moment have been ! uDconrclously assumed by another, for spirit pur-, poses ; but he left the factsto the learned and the scientific, contenting himself with setting' them forth And for- several days the learned and scientific'" gave him fits," to quote a popular, if vulgar phrase, while one very, imaginative and sensational journalist hinted that- if, Green had seen anybody itv was really John Needham, and tb'nt the body upon which the inqnest hod sat was a "spurious corpse." .These and other strange circumstances set up in the sensitive mind of Kate Norbury, a great and dreadful fear. - fto be coxTitmnn v 