SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. RACING. The following scratchings were posted year today) for next Saturday a V A T C meeting -vellum Summer, out of the Hurdle Race , I unnaturally Hilltop, and Uueiiiia, out of the Glen Huntly Handicap Umberto and Middle march, out of the Armadale Handicap -yesterday was the date for the de laration of the first forfeit- for the Adelaide Cup and Goodwood Handicap, and the numbers left in were in for the former and 26 for the latter race A number of race meetings are to be held today in different parts of Victoria and New South Wales, viz -Macduff. Marsh Murrumbidgee, YY alumina, Hamilton, Malmsbury, and Tarnagulla MOOM I- VALLI Y Mr l.HNC, As a rule postponed race meetings are not BUCCCSSIUI, but the Moonee Valley meeting yesterday was a very pronounced exception, the enclosure and hall being well patronised The weather was charming, whilst the beneficial effect of the recent heavy rain was apparent to the eye in the beauty fully green me and inside the moving truck, which also was in capital order Huang opened at 2 o'clock promptly with the first of the half-dozen events viz., the In ii Stakes, for which the whole 11 went to the post, with the exception of Bolivar Honeycomb, a useful filly, by Country man, was staunchly supported down to 3 to 4, and she just got home from Decision, to whom she was conceding 8lb and Carbuncle, the Hine pro Irvine. a very pretty me home He Auction Selling Race brought out the trio on the card, and bickers once men selected the winner, for though Ilatimbiil To keep like making a race of it in the straight he all at once stopped, and The flyer won in a month, after which on being submitted to auction, Mr H Meeks got him for 10 above the April Handicap produced a field of half a dozen, and alter Pluto had made most of the month., he was challenged by East Lynne in the straight, the latter gallon- up in the last stride for a dead heat, whilst Impulse, Hicluvouritc,fimshcdfoiuHi In the inn oil, East Lynne, with odds of 3 to 1 on her, made his effort in the straight, and won cleverly, thus adding another to be victories within the last few weeks 'The Steeples huge proved the most interesting event of the after noon, every one of the buy on state term standing up from first to last, whilst the furze hurdle and water jump combined in the straight was a great feature 'The race turned out a good thing for Dublin, who went to the front passing the stand the second time round, and held his own to the end, Topsail and landseekers, who occupied the second and third places, not being near him Another Selling Race saw the layer ng mi to the fore, although Miles was the lay out to, and the former was bought this time by Mr 1 built, for 70 soy s J limiter noon a sport was brought to a close soon after 9 o'clock with the \ vineyard Handicap, which fell to Denalon (ii H to 1 chance) De burns, who started favourite at 6 to 4, not being placed The following are details of the running - TRIAL- STAKES, of 40 Sovs Hiofutlon.s. Mr T Coffey 2 b I Honeycomb, by Countryman Beeswing 2 by is, (6st. 7lb, carried 6st life (banded) 1 Mrs M Wilson's b Derision, 2 yrs 6st filly (T Brown) 2 Mr L Lang's ch c Carbuncle, 4 yrs, 7st 7lb (Carroll) J Vlr 1 Bakes a b s. Young burn, aged, Tat 4lb (O Williams) 6 Mr 1 Vlortison such a Vasco, 3 yrs, 7st, carried 7st Sill (Blair) a. 0 Mr li Yeend s Uro Wlldrako, 2 yrs 6st 4lb (R Brown) 0 Mr b Millersbrf Warina, 2yrs, 6st 7lb (Maiden tosh) 0 Mr T Jones a lit Tudmor, 2 yrs Sat 7lb (John son) 0 Mr li Talbot s b or br g Lead On, 2 yrs, 6st Gib (Cox) 0 Vlr b Davies s b g Baron Neckar, 2 yrs, Oct 5lb , carried Gat Dib (runnings) a 0 1 citing - 5 to 4 agst Honeycomb, 3 to 1 almost Car buncle and 5 to 1 a/st Derision flic favourite made play on the inside, Vasco lying next on the outside the same order was maintained along the back of the course to the far turn, where Ocrlsiou challenged Um leader, and the pair entered the straight- together, soon after which they were joined by Carbuncle A great finish ensued 1 the trio fighting it out right on to the post when the favourite won by a mad from Neilson, who defeated Carbuncle by half a head only for second place Waringa was fourth, Tadmor fifth, and Young been late. Time, had 10 AUCTION Stbllbq RACE', Of 50 Sovs Vi inner to be sold for 10) sovs Four furlongs Mr L Armstrong s by 0 The 1 ly or, by too Cltlron -La Theatre 2 yrs (£20) Gat 10lb (R Brown) 1 Mr J IlaiiiilleblliHaiinibnl, aged (£40), Oat. lib (Henderson) 2 Mr C Allison b g Little King, aged (nil), 7st 8lb (M Mahon) 3 Betting byes on The Flyer The three ran together till nearing the bond, when the fay fourth must Hannibal came out and entered the straight clear of Little King Half way up the straight Hannibal suddenly died away, and The Dyer won in a cutter by two lengths and a half-time, 55s The winner was sold to Mr Weeks for 40 Sovs APRIL, HANDICAP, Of 50 Sovs Once round the course Mr H. Timmings of East Lynne, by Bon Giovanni a Burlesque 3yrs 7st 10lb (Robertson) II Mr J Farrell s b g Plato, 6yrs, 6st (Johnston) 12 Mr J. u Heywood's bgMoau, 4 am, 6st 7lb, carried 7st (Williams) Mr A L Johnson s b m Impulse, 5 ) yrs, 8st 4lb (Burton) " I. Kennedy s gr a. Soldier Boy, 4 yrs, 7st 7lb McCUE, Cripps's b f Heiress, 3yrs, 6st 10lb (T Brown) Iletilng-5 to 4 agst Impulse, 5 to 2 agst East Lynne, 5 to 4 agst Vfoau East Lynne and Impulse were first away on the In side Moah bout; last to move After rounding the turn, and going down the hill, Plate was the leader entering the back stretch Pluto was a length in front of Impulse, next to whom was East Lynne, whilst Helrlosslay last Plato continued to lead to the far turn, and down to the fund for home close up to him being Mean, East Lynne and the favourite Heading for home East Lynne ran through, and took second place Robertson calling on her for a final effort at the end of the enclosure w bay are gradually caught the leader stride by stride, and made a dead heat of it on the post Moab was third two lengths away, and a head in front of Impulse Soldier Boy being next, and Hclrasslust Time in its Bedding Heat-netting I to 1 on Just Lynnette Fay ourite waited on Pluto till fairly into the straight when she challenged, and won cleverly by half a lent the Time, for 4 Is 11 VMIICAI' ST! LIM ECIIASF, Of TO boys Twice round the steeplechase course Mr a -hassock b g Pelham, aged, 9st 10lb (king) Mr If connolly us ch g Topsail, need, 9st 12lb (Harden) 2 Mr T Jones's br g landseekers, aged, 11st (Butler) . II Mr el Ulasscockubg Kingston, 3 yrs list 7lb (Sl'I cod; l Mr W Nella big Whitehorn, 3 yrs, 6st 10lb (Lang) C Mr J Cripps, s br g Pride of the Hills, aged, 9st 10lb (Katini!) .. C Mr J Hamilton b g Sir Samuel! Gyra, Oat 7lb (Henderson) C Betting -4 to I must Tandstlckcr, Dollar, and Whitehorn, under to 1 agat Kingston Whitehorn afterward even start was first to-how, followed by Doll ir and Kingston who It also showed the way over the first obstacle beneath an 1 Dollar bells- in attendance and lauilsticltor last Along the bank of the court Whitehorn held command Sir baume! au i Dollar following and I read of the Hills tion being the u almost Cohn, down to the far turn Sir Samuel closed on Vi lutethor an I very speedily they were half a score of length is in advance Dollar and Topsail Unley ran down to Die to. Jump thus, every one clearing it beof bully Sir Samuel came into the straight followed by Tops ill and Dollar and the whole Held next negotiated the first fence and I water jump without a hitch of any kind At the judges box Dollar ran up to the leader and round the turn race down to the far turn and into the act stated for the second time clear of all hands! whilst W bitethorn had died army last of all the situation was may very little altered and J Har holding his own came into the straight for home in front of 150 said, Sir Samuel and 1 indstieicor Sir Samuel was some state I said It now only remained for Dollar to come along" as I was in a intently three lengths from tons will land stock or finishing a moderate third Sir Samuel was fourth Kingston next followed by I ride of the Hills and Mr nitetliorii last line small shell HI I LIM. tell, Of 50 sons live for long Winner to be sold for 100 says Mr I Armstrong- able The 1 by cr by Free Citizen -I a Mueller is, 9st 10lb (R Brown) Mr H fishers, Miles I yrs 7st 4lb (£20) (Hann saw) 2 Mr P Bottling us b g Bally air, 0 yrs 6st 10lb (night Inman) J Betting- -Even on Villiers and 5 to 4 as the By cr Hie I Iyer cut out the running' into the straight when Miles die V up to him but was at once in trouble, and filling to catch the leader, was beaten by a length Bolivar finishings moderate third time, in his life M nu,LI was bought by Mr Ilainlll forcing HIL VIN! VAM) HAVILAH, 01 40 so vs Four his ears and a hall Mr S M Wilson s be Derision, by Bolton eileen the flu I yrs Gat 8lb (1 Brown) 1 li b Militia li g' Mookra, 5 yrs, 9st 12lb (M Intosh) 2 Mr It riderless bg Jack Ashore, 4 yrs 9st bib (Martin) J Ir I Lang's ch c Carbuncle, 4 yrs, 8st 211 (I arrest) 0 Mr J Farrell s br h Hannibal, aged, 7st 4lb (Cope) 0 It is Weeks s b f Dcluiula 2 yrs 7st Lib (T in IlllalllB) 0 Dr V Sloane b c Bon Bon, 4 yrs Oat 12lb (Molfat) 0 Mr A R Johnson s li in I late of Lightning' 5 yrs 6st lib (Johnston) 0 Betting" -6 to 1 rest Dcluiula J to 1 at Derision, and I to 1 agst wool is Mookr I was first off but Denison at once took up the running followed by cool ra, and the pair led into tbuutraight where the first named drew away and won easily by three lengths Jack Ashore llniBhlii-tim talents behind Mr Millar square lion Bon was fourth followed by Cirbuncl Hannibal and Delma, with flash of lightning last Time, 1m la SHOOTING 'HALL CHAM (LIA lIL HAl! I IIOM OlMl Coillll SI OLDEN ) SYDNEY, 'iu.bDAi The team to represent New South Wales in the intercolonial lawn tennis tournament has been selected as follow a -Messrs Cropper, 1 it. gerald, li A Merewether, King, Clive, Smith, Salmon, with A W Allen and Holm as reserve men A number of rai ing men left for Wagga Wagga this evening to attend the meeting which commences to morrow Although the fields will be small , the racing is likely to bring about some keen contests WAC" G V WA OG A 'it is mi There is little betting tonight shaking him la first favourite 1 in the Autumn Handicap at.) the Minerva and Impulse and to 1 in the double event betting I had only in Minerva and Impulse are coupled with Student for the bracelet at hundreds to six and a inst _ SOUTH AUST AMAL HOCKER V CLUB MR UNO 'The labour,; general entries were re- ceived yesterday for its meeting which takes place at 1 Leamington on Saturday), Thursday, and Saturday, the 2nd, 7th, and 9th of May next - BUSY DAY miss island I never Echo-The Agent Stn lent 011 Soul Milking 1 mind Ullin About me Jnitulhcr -hatsiioitli lil] i eight mile: Hizard sIr 1 Patrick thriller -Hiller -fellow Hammer Coekboat Single Louisa Stafford bonny Scotland Dolninta decision Violet lUiigiuaster Mookra Meerschaum coningsby 1) lenna Dunlop will 1 hit by li: Mantled Surprise Dan oil Conjecture Gohanna Arsenal Thomas ( stab Delanila Motor Enigma tor Meerschaum Dunlop SECOND iJA M VIOLS 1 I AM a mile and a quarter Capri Coningsby Hampstead I lucky Hit MlllSFItt HANDICAP six furlongs Cauelaco Juanita Islands Cashurncr 1 Fernside Bonny -die! recall the rather St Odille Ulnliiino both the -teacher SIMMICH llUIIDI- RACE. One mile and three quarters Fusilier (till) Chats worth (nil) Don Alonzo (till) Rattler (is.) Laycock (toil) TM INO MANDIGA! Arsenal buffer! Aco Ilotlovcomb Dclnmla Aiinvrtam Umberto ltliig'inastor Wanda Sunstroke I aged Lucky left 1 inform The Teacher Remus calico Cnrliunclo Middlemarch Bonny Scotland tapioca St Lawrence Gymkhana " led to Patlloroo Scaw old ironmaster articles Lord M Ilton baleful Marie I case John Chatsworth Don Alonzo Old Four Sinking Fund Coekboat Bcikoluy Capri JIllLH Country Boy forlorn hope Alphabet W and The Ghost Lantern James Beresford -Oyster Cove wool ManpiU Waterford Clarence 'THIRD DAY SECOND HURDLE RACE About one mile and three quarters -milliner hazard The Agent Agitation Sir 1 article (Fusilier Minerva rattler . allow training Ingleside Ruby LAllthS' irtlAOhlFl. One mile "race East !.. line Mr Idlou arch Ace Gillette Duration St John Dlstllloi Umberto Meteor Kliuuiaslor 1 altered Ironmaster Duenna Luol i Hit Milln Sandal Marie Louise Allglescv SUM 11 CHASE. About half of 1 ant Line all Albanus, were Surprise, £50 Delanila tO Meander nil Anagram nil testing, £100 Fuller I (had Mars Chester Governor Dollar Mr hltctliorii CHAPlin PLATE. Seven furlongs Moonlight ( Colebrook Denmark in southern Deeolvei Uohomlan £50 Hampstead, £10 titania nil sunstroke, nil Both £50 Manfred £00 Anglesey -A. I a HANDICAP One mile and a quarter Dirk litterateur Precious Stone underwood kingship 1 Uiinihlo Capri Carbuiiole Britisher Middlemarch Lord Wilton Impulse for nz Yarding St I was fence The Broker Hobart Dust on Tho Agent St John Hazael 1 Forlorn Hope Union Coriolanus Uetcor Alphabet Conjcttuio footman Camerino bany Prometheus Mentmore Grace Darling Lucky Hit Ruby Lantern Anchorite Gohanna Marie Louise Welcome Jack 'the weights will be declared on Monday next. Acceptances at scale 'THE AULD LANG! S The following are the acceptances for the two principal handicaps at the above meet are - Goondoon HANDICAP A sweepstakes of 15 Sovs each with 20 sets added for three year olds and upwards. The winner of any handicap race of the value of 100 Sovs after the declaration of the weights to carry 7lb extra of any such race of the value of 200 sovs. or over, to carry 7lb extra 1 cattle not cumulative Second horse in sovs from the prize third horse to save his stake One mile | st lb. Mr become Jack Reginald Blink Bonny Sardius Ringwood Middleiuarch St Lawrence Alphabet Anchorite Hazard The host Kingship 0 7 0 1 8.0 Duenna Lord 1 voter I ord W Ilton Umberto 1 altered Britisher Kubv Carbuncle Ironmaster Country 1 Gryst lb 7 7 7 5 7 6 Marie Louise 7 0 Lintern 6 12 St John 7 0 I Unless U 0 Topaz 7 30 p Berkeley 0 i Allowing OUI handicap sweepstakes of 15 sovs each, with roo Sovs added Second horse TO sovs third horse, 21 sovs from the prize The winner of any handicap race of the value of 100 years after the do duration of weights to carry 3lb extra of any such race of the value of 100 Sovs rib extra, of any such race of the value or 500 sovs., 10lb extra. The winner of the S A J C St Leger to carry weight for age if handicapped below that weight S 18 11 8.10 7 12 One mile and a half Hazard Kingship The Dollar Auoborltu Anglesey King Britisher Lord Wilton Hobart Too Agent Country Boy Lantern Uncas Lord Exeter Gohanna title: and is to become Jack Reginald like good Oil colour Blink Bonny Sardius Silver King Made up Coriolanus have I Cann rino 1 Prometheus Omeo Darling 1 lauBible Hilltop Vergy 1 LS'iriiNWICK PAUK HACB S The following are the entries for this meeting, which takes place on 1 ride, the 8th of May - M AI wv sun via Timor, Of 12 Sovs Two miles one event Harness only Winner to be sold for 50 Sovs any surplus over selling price to go to the families of the club sweep or one sov each from starters to go second horse A Olivette Mascotte Blueskin who Killer Rosalie to the Of 50 sovs St Andrew Congre suming scotlan 1 Distiller The price I do Molet VDL AND) 11 VVDltAl, i furlongs Acceptance, 11 Land: Delanila An acute Honey could Scaw is 1 Mookra Honors Sir Charles Ironuiastei Meander iron (bands Hannibal I the "matter Ulilumo board on easy s and Moah I Allen I STAKES Of 50 Sovs Weight for age Six furlongs dinner to be hold for 56 "lb allowed for even re the tion of £2 In selling a rise in. sur) his over-sea line; ] rise to go to the funds of the d lb Accepted cc 1 set Alban B £-5 Delanila £100 Futrclla nil Lottery 3 a standstill 1 late nil Bruce nil Sunstroke, 3 J Hampstead £70 Woodbine 21 Vtalhalli£50 Derriman, £50 Sir Charles SFIIIM SrFl IIECIIASL, Of 75 years About two miles Winner to be sold for £100 The sECond home to receive lOsovs out of the stakes J. and by an old to carry list is re-sold to earn 1st li yrs and aged to carry 12st rub "lb allowed for every reduction of sovs In sell me a ride any sea) lies over selling price to go to the land is of the club Act of tance sovs Misfortune nil Son Star of ) side of the Hills, Be ever C 0 Sts tel a bill stalwarts by Despatch ml Tandstld or, £26 Ace nil COllONl 1 em OHOOBOVB with a cup valued 100 guineas presented by Mr D M Robertson O 15 miles a furlong and a half Second horse to receive HO BOYS and third horse 15 says out of the stake Acceptance 26" Irraleo Are but) also Vedette Inn tion bonny Scotland St Lawrence He Broker Distiller 1 Irony 2 fellow Hammer Moteur All quiet CnnJ tine Cortot is Mlonshco heirloom Madcap Bohemian Dirk flatteries I ironed Anchorite ironmaster Muscat Hills.)) Station I Uueas Anglesea 2 BO CLASS, Of 30 Sovs Two miles One event Harness only For horses that have no record by for than 2 66 A sweep of 1 sov each from starters to go to the lil 0 a big Mimi or in HAnton Of 50 Sovs Half a mile Ace a tour 1 son At Aidrow doll TopI take of Lightning I an I O a Meander Co 19 runs Dciimia Sister -Alice Orlmlo B rm Burra All "in a Derision list y Seotlllll Hi I I I She ccd I To leave le by rette Walhall i Al Iel Her in a buttered 1 Isla V lok. Melodious I the King schoolgirl Most ye blind The weights will appear on Tuesday the 6th of May acceptances at scale HU HAMILTON Miss (111 libertine TheM Out CoiiiiLsiosnrNT ) IIAMII ION versus 'I lie town is crowded with visitors and the weather continues spion Fri There is every prospect of a fund ty to his IT in The f lowing entries were mine I Una evening in addition to the dump heaps already sent - 1 TEST D A. VIAHll "Í II ML Hector 1 ful Clifford Ilcroalucl Siecutaiion Minan Mia Cara Neuirt ur Cola 1 Co n t si li ISO RACE Shamrock Black lead Gay Lass Defamation b o y Ion My Lord BLACK ILL HEALTH sea route Com test Ned Kelly Jack Autcloi u Banjo I freetrade -oung Vagabond star Jean Sea Shell Colllch I reach Coi cold Zealandia Reform Count O VI HOW AT RACE Try Me I rester 1 Idgct Poor Van I letter Venus. Kcdy SECOND DAY TRIAL STAKES The Masher Banjo Young I vagabond I ougfollow Speculations air dray a I odds Oktis 1 dry Itamular Danger Helena Boioim Count JUVENILE STAKES Mia Cara V. orders Gonsalio Here s luck Bantam Protector ILMNd HANDICAP W airarapa Jack Blair Gowrie Duchess Autocrat Louifallow Reprobate Semiramis Illich branch Klug a Messenger v of ice Hector Antonio) e Bunjo Star Zealandia SPIT AND RACE. Shamrock Jack First Light Plumpton Reformation Hcforiu My Lord Longfellow The Bracelet Still as a weight for age The handicap for the Flying Handicap will be made after the first day's racing There is not much betting St Patrick is the favourite for the Cup, Ouardfish for the Hurdle Race, and Counsellor for the Steeple chase HID TARNAGULLA RACES (ßr-FirailAlII 1 BOM Ouu COUII_.SIO_.DLNT) TARNAGULLA, TUESDAY 'The following are the entries for the lar regatta races, to be run to morrow - MAIDEN PLATE Happy Dinah Honrlatta Timotheus Jeanette large SHI INO ItACh. Wire In I change Little Nell Itoederei Boah Esmeralda Jeanette I Htlo Dot Brunette .AIlNA-ULfA TURF CLUB HANDICAP Tait 1 Esmeralda Fair Play I am llA..ni0.\l HURDLE RACE. Cornet Nutlad Shooting Star Larrikin I VIII S I DURI HANDICAP Hay by Dinah St loved Henrietta Con at last Timotheus Magpies COURSING FIILPI.U.ION CLUB (BY IriKaitAin 1 HOM Ouu ComiKSPONiiENT ) SHI PPAItlON, liPsDVY I hefirstmeetmgof the Shepparton Coursing Club takes place in 1 river s paddock to morrow The following is the result of the draw - Hill 1! AltlOV STAKES For 16 all ages at 2- 2s , with plate added Dr HUgoruld us bd d Ha] by J lined by Magician Hussey unit Mr V Ilehlt s bill w d Pat McGrath by kulja) Cain Mr I P Gannon s bk w b Black Angel by Black Hawk I ly agent Mr J Leahy s for f bBiIloBiandon by Dirk Hy Mr a little bk w d Memento by Dionysius 0 Kane Bashful Lady night Mr M O Dea s f b June by the Mace-Mollie Cree Mr 1 Barretts bd w b Bit a I neck by Bashful Torn Blue look out after Mr R H Turnley s r or of yed Tteinniido by the Demon- Zoe Mr 1 Barratta bk and w li Billet done, by Billy the Nut Nall and Mr H li Lumley, a bit d Lob), by Tyrant udy Mr I (holidays f b Hair Nail Italy Siring Topsy aged Mr J Burbury's bd b Busy by Brindle -(j ion Vii 1 Wauchope bk w d Tradition by Damascus -Don Juan are Vlr I hear rot-H bow at Bandit Into little 11 ) ly Tobin Hoo Nemesis Mr F Burke's bk w at Chesterfield h) loting Chester-Nellie last Mr 1 Bale mis- bu yy Our Held is by Don Juan Nellie lAILlOAltOOlNA STAKES, of 5 all ages stills call Mr A StriiiLciBl will The lawn by Magic-Wax) ages Mr F Halls r b Little, (Linen ly Brindle Queen Mr T' Quinlan a I It w built, by Benjlroo-Bell ngatMr II II Lumley a IKII Ajax by tyrant Jeannie Deans Mr O Wells bk w (I Sirlm.li.ld by I ino Boy - Fly artist Mr Will Hampers for shipped by My Go -East II Mr F Ball IIB ( b Cissie by Victor Nellie agent Mr W Sutherland's f b Needle worn by Stanley - Needle . 2 at HALLUIAI CLUB The draw for the second meeting of this club takes place this afternoon at 3 o clock , before which hour all grey hounds must be entered the stakes are the lowest" on st Plate, for 12 all ages at three "teams each, with a 33 BOV trophy added by Sir W J Clarke, and the Plumpton Stakes for an unlimited number of all ages at a guinea each The meeting will take place on Thursday and Friday PRAHRAN. CORNERED AND J IS I BOURKE CLUB A coursing picnic has been arranged under the auspices of this club for the I ith of May next, at Hard Hills Donnybrook The stake is for all ages, and Mr (J W 'Taylor, the mayor of Prahran odds a piece of plate Cab- and omnibuses will leave Prahran and Coburg on the morning of the coursing, returning in the evening ClUCIvJ-i INTERCOLLEGIATE- MATCH ORMOND COL COL V TRINITY COLLEGE The fifth annual cricket match between the above college. was played yesterday on the Carlton ground I In the present a of a large gathering of spectators and resulted in an easy victory for the Ormond College by 10 wickets TI Ormond wine cup tallied bl J H Meek,, y hile H Salmon fulfilled the seniority for the sea resentatives of Trinity College Ormond won the to a and a ut their on points In to sanction a damp wicket and on which they only son recede I in totalling . . i in this result was chiefly due to the (Ino I ou ling in lower fourth 10 and I B O Time six or 11 the I offer a buyer succeeded in performer in the 1 a trick I read an taking two men little will eat III tvosllcOMfsinlalls Um Of most men in their first in li ga were not much more successful as they i iv i it I 51 runs W liliums con tributed still by vigoro MCI hut tOHO bowled well for Trinity tal table wickets for 12 runs 1 Unity in this con i he lies by car value disposed of for -I) am a leaving Ormond only ! runs to win which were scored by it, out of a loss of a w ticket The fielding on both si ICB v is good TI of following are the scores - TRINITY COLLEGE 111 ST IXMXUS Kia XII IXVINOS I Corr blower 5 bullas 0 11 bullion (and a.) is over 0 not out 0 I Clark c Cameron b lower 0 bO Bara 0 11 Sprague li O'Hara 0 brown 1 I LovcbOHnra 2 Flower 0 is lower bullara 0 b Power 2 C Suzy the not out G a Meek b O'Hara 7 1 Thomson b O'Hara 0 Novloil, b O'Hara 11 D M Do all BY 1 rod man bOHara 0 st Freeman, b O'Hara 3 li Bell d st l Freeman b 0 Han 0 b Tower 1 C b Curie Power 0 b O'Hara li Sun tries 4 Sundries 4 Total 26 Total GO Downs,- AxtiYHiH- First Innings J O Hora GD balls 5 maidens 19 runs 6 wickets Flower OG balls On in let's 10 runs 4 wickets Second Inns is -Others S Lilla 7 i ladies is runs 6 wickets over balls G mu! tons 17 runs 4 wickets ORMOND COIXIG. Ill hT INNINGS SECOND INNINGS G H I remain Houliston 1 Lowe 4 not out 4 M Neylon c Clark b Love 4 not out 2 W H Williams c Clark b owe 15 J B O'Hara c Clark b to a 0 T over like you 8 It I upon thrown out 0 I Me It (cal t ) b C irrlc 4 D Cameron c Carr b Curtis 6 J Bell b Crane 4 L Kelly not out C J Traill I I one 0 3 sundries 3 Total 50 vvlthlOwlckotstofall 0 Be wise ANALYST. - Lowe 81 balls 5 maidens 12 runs 11 wickets Clark 64 I nllB "5 runs Currie 4 balls 2 maidens lines 3 wickets CAMILLE DUDGEON AND ARM 11 The trial match between the Capulet and Dudgeon and Arnell clubs for the Sports Depot trophies was commenced yesterday on the North Fitzroy cricket ground The attendance was good considering the other attractions of the day The Capulet won the toss and on going in to hat were disposed of for 63 runs Daniels 27 and Black 18 being the two highest scorers Aitken did good service with the ball securing six wickets for 21 runs The Dudgeon and Metro) (18 not out) was getting almost (ten Whim time was called, five wickets, were down for HE mnH The fielding on both his son was very good The allowing are (the CAPULET FIRST INNINGS. Jcfroreon o Shelly b Aitkens .. ?. 1 I am i i (IB b Altona at 2 27 Black b Barnett . . 18 Roberts b Aitkens ., " "0 Campbell b Aitkens as a 0 Coulson c Rogan b Aitkens 2. w 13 Batchelor, run out . M 9 Vincent not out. 2" 2 13 Hart b Shall be "2 inches li Slinllv -. S, J staples, o Roberts, b Aitkens and 0 Total " _, 83 DUDGEON AND ARNELL. Elliot run out M 2. 3 W alah b Roberts 2. 2, 6 A areas c Coulson b Roberts M e t W Burnett run-out . _ "22 Roberts b Black 2. "8 trial on. a Batchelor, b Black " left Rohan b. Sampson ... 3 4. 9 Mehol nature , a. .. 10 J Barnett. b Roberts M M 0 Aitken not out _.__._." 4 Sundries .. R M S. S 0 wickets for ., as a, 81 LAWN TENNIS Windsor v Bill, h ton - In this match, played yesterday, Messrs Aiicokott and A. Skinner, Windsor beat Messrs Hodges and Moule by 10 games tod. and were beaten by Messrs Higinbotham and Tom a on by 5 to 7 Messrs Michie and Templeton (Windsor) beat Messrs. Hodges and Moule hydro Kaines to 7 and Messrs H I;, both am and Templeton by 10 oranges to 8 Result - Windsor, 87, Brighton. Jl ROWING YARRA YARRA ROWING CLUB The final heat for the Presidents tours was rowed off on Monday evening last between J Visitors (htrol 0) Wood (I) Mudford) Horsburgh (bow) south side and 6 Irwin (stroke) Galvin (J.) J Connell H.). Ilosklng(bovv) north side Both crews rowed lev it till reaching Brander's when the north side gradually drew ahead and led by half a length to the pontoon corner, when the South Side drew up level, passed, and won a splendid race by about Oft i.ownNG A meeting, of haematuria was held at the London Tavern on Moi 114 evening when it was resolved that Mr Mark Mon. a prize the i federation Cup A OH by Victoria in the late Intercolonial 11 atch, shall be competed for this seven tho.irntcour_otQ be a land next Saturday Hay four rinks time quarter to until a [quarter to In the event of a tie one end more to 1 0 1 have 1 No racing r of any defeated tea will be allowed to ] lay with fun (the club and only bona fide mailboats of the winning club shall play off. for the cup The first drawing resulted as follows - Brighton v North Fitzroy on Melbourne green, Geelong v Mt ron on West Melbourne green Carl ton v Williamstown on Victoria street. West Melbourne v Hawthorn on 1 almond green St Kilda A v victoria on 1 Fitzroy green Richmond Union v Richmond on St Kilda green Melbourne v West Brighton of South Melbourne green South Mel R Burne v Uew on Richmond Union green Secretaries of winning clubs to meet at London Tavern next Monday evening- at half-past 8 for further draw large GI CLING The following are the hardest for the Melbourne B.O}clüClub(Op-i.)2i Miles Race to take place at the Warehousemen's Cricket ground on the 2nd of May - 1 is Shackleford Scr M S J Bourke r. TO 8 J Anderson F de Soudomor- 8.0 U Ki star 8 5 M S Elliott J B 10 Thorn 9 2, 3 15 R Stewart 8 16 Hardy 2 8-9 R Burston ., 8 J C Carter . "12 0 0 Geddes J- 0 FOOTBALL The following matches have been arranged for the South St, Kudiiootl in Club - Iij - 2 1 .wkiu,r,ut South St Kilda 1) Brighton, at South St. Kilda, 10, Malvern at Malvern to Kilmore at Kilmore , 20 Evansdale at Grace] Park lunch Caul li did at South St. Kilda IS St Kilda Royal at South St. Kilda 0 St Kilda at St Kilda v Windsor, at Albert Park July Brighton at Brighton rd, St Kilda Royal at Reserve (St Kilda) IS Evan dale at South St. Kilda _ Northcote at Northcote August fortress at Albert park 8 Malvern at South her but 1 St Kilda at South St. Kilda 22 Caulfield at Coast Cries of ground 1 29 Windsor at South St Kilda, September- 5 Fawkner at Fawkner-park 12, St Kilda Royal at South St. Kilda 1- _ortro_o;at South St. hilda, 20 North cote, uncouth St Kilda 