MR SLADE. TO THE EDITOR. -Yours, &c.;, ASTRAL SIR,—In an article in The Star on the 4th insrant, under the bending of “Spiritualism v Co[?]j[?]ring." from the Pall Mall Gazette, Mr Maskelyne intimates, I judge for the purpose of furthering bis business, thnt be hns bom iu the habit of sending-- individuals to mediums to len’rri their tricks/; He I did this in the ciise of Dr Slndo, and I was able with a few weeks' hard r practice to accomplish every trick my friend saw him perform.” 1 I have ant and, cop versed, many times with Mr:Slade and ; found him to be n gentlamnn whom l much esteem; you will, that it c.in scarcelybea'pleasant, sensation fur me to occasionally; road; iu, the public journals of his being maligned and dubbed a trickster, when no proof has.ey.gr. been.publicly adduced to even 'give a, probable likeness to the,;id«a that_hB r ever-did 1 a-i‘ trick-- in - bis- life/--! believe him to be incapable of trick. When so many false statement* are afl-iat 1 feel perhaps some'hingl like Dr ;Wyld (»n eminent Lindmi physician) did while he wroie in reference tn the Slade prnaecutioo:—“ When, ■ therefore, .brutal and intolerant ignorance, seized Slade 'and dragged him; into; a police court,, I felt prepared (6 run any risk and incur any respon sibiiity in bis defence." ■ Three dr four years ago’the London’ Telegraph npVnsd its columns to’ any writer’ who wished to say'anyiamg about ghosts.' l Mr Miskelyne wrote and ean? fessodhis belief in- ghosts, and also stat'd that some of his family were media ruia tic. It seems for this' and other reasons ; ino mprrheuaible that a olever man, for. the. sake.of. money and popularly, should ■ persist in his apparently baselesscharges -Mr Flower,.the Bow street magistrate,’ found' Mr Slade guilty because tilings were, dona by or through -him contrary to the laws of nature; -Professor Lankester sat twice-with Mr Slide and obtained- elate writing, which be supposed was done by Slide himself. The professor proceeded against him under the fourth section of the Vagrant Act, add procured conviction by sentence of three months’ impiisoumeut with hard labor. This conviction was quashed on appeal to the Middlesex Sessions. Of the witnesses, who were, called for the prosecution not one pro fessed to have detected trickery, though they seemed to suspect It. Mr Uaskalype attempted to show that the table,.’produced iu-court, used by Mr, Slade was a “trick table;" but this attempt utterly broke down. Mr Slade ascribed tbs messages on Males’to the spirits of- the dead; and this fact was most; preju dicial to him,: producing the impression that he was an imposter. -The evidence for the de fence, or in layer of Mr Slade, was described by the presiding magistrate to be l “ overwhelm iug," and was, given by several r well known gentlemen, amongst whom . was Mr Alfred Russell Wallace, the eminent naturalist; but all the “.overwhelming " evidence was excluded from consideration, that- alone of the com plainant, professor Lsnkester, being used -in giving judgment, the 'decision based upon inferences, to he' drawn ‘ from the • known bourse of nature.". The verdict against-Mr Slade could not bs sustained By the fact of im* posture, or that he .had been found cheating, But, because , be bad . been doing things in a style contrary, to the .laws of-nature- - Ur Uaeketyne admitted that he had never teen Dr Slade perform,failedtoihbw thattne i ,w«e;»;<|fiok table, and bis : animat tp*t| |peara>to Jcoat(nue agaHiat Ur Slade.to'tbe pre-- • on t-time; vHad the •I«te'iwritiil|i'hee«.found; ] tobe'S-**tHok"of''ltp'Slade's lownhe bonld'j ’not'have'tieeb coMiderddtotber*tto : lhVn I, np-' I 'qtteSffonablytbeWdat'- won'dsrtul’oonjdrap! dr'. illario'dis^'.Enrope '■ orpAmerjoaoverproduced. th8'^|m4Vof i ■!)> pie hfoberopiiifc,. ’UifrSltde^bad df ! Wbich> ,,bia arr^Tal : >tbere,' wmj[; eome«rha{t. j delay ed-«<Wt ‘-account', of* , broken- down health, cauaadphy; the .prceeca-'’- tion' of Professor;. Lankester; when MrSlade caused;* ■ letter to be writtentto the prosecutor, dfferiogftp' London •for ; the"e*prea».' was for .Which 'object'" go ! "to'.''Prbfesaor. Lauke«ter!kuiwn--hduee;IuBa'cdompabiedl and sit; six tithca, or more if necessary, at ku< '■(Jjankiater’a) own-.table,'and' using 'bia (L>n-' :kester’s) 'own elates iland' pencils; imd ! 'he‘ QLankaeter)'■ should' be■ put to do cbatge 'or expense whatever.- Tothia generbus’cifferno 1 replyyrae ever" received; -even although'the offal WasafterwSrds' made' public through the < pre’S.- Mt’Maskelyne aaidhoVkuswhow the trick-wa» ■done; , 'y6t'we;find him challenged to't'prtdoee ' the; like! under similar circum •ate ocas. ‘Indeedjheha's' been publicly’offered' lOOO guineas if he could; or would, producain B ' prlsate room to be selectedbyadir ibterestedcomtnittee some simple raedinmietic phenomena. He declined,- admitting that’ a tori' weight-’ of 1 machinerywbuld h»velobe tranaplanfed'ta produce bis “ rap" in imitation of spiritualistic “ rap" so abundantly afforded at ■eo thaDy'of th0“ordinary~privdte circles. But, had Slade, Jbeen an, imposter, would be have dared'Ho' iUk~withRb‘jaUy.in palaces t with nobles-t-and .. gentlemen, in their '■private:-' rooms f with : a ' large i ' aum her., of ; ’the .*•,bmt .^kpoWa!.'. ; ,aoutest scientists, of . Europe ? , . with:., the, cleverest oanjureta.employed for the purpose of detect ingfraud.if any! t-After. the trial, Mr Slade,‘in • Russis,'sat';.‘privately with the late Emperor, and obtained excellent reaukephe also eat with, the Grand Duke Constantine, and others of the Royal household, and withaoma of the chief scientists. The Imperial, Pi ivy Counsellor Ahsrkow certifies tb'.slate writing in the pre sence of the Grand Duke-and Mr Slade:—"I can, as a witness, testify that. the writing was produced upon a'slate which the Grand Duke alone bejd under, and close , to tbe.tsble whilst Slade's bauds were-on ’ the table." Mr Slade -continued - hie wonderful seances'in Germany, .withPipfeesor Z diner and others ofthe best known .scientists- in 'Berlin,; the >outcome of ' which was'the publication'ofthreo volumes' of litarnture of.-dbtoil.j 'SeVeral sittings were arranged .with .the),Emperor .William, ;wbo ..“.became: convinced .- of ■ the ’ reality ’of the phenomena.” The' court, conjurer of the Emperbrbf Germany, Bsllachihi,'in accordance with the wish of .several gentlemen of rank and position, tested the pbyaiGal mediumahip of Mr Slade in a number, of sittings in his own 'bedroom, Sand ' Bellacbiui declared in "a Jong, affidavit,,, “truthfully that be ..had. ex amined the surroundings and pefformancesjof •Mr Slade ' with tlie’sharpest observation, end also examined ‘the table,-and had hot in the least found anythingT,that depended on pres -tidigitntion; or rconiuring: apparatus* and;- in-, deed; an explanation concerning the existing circumstances .under the conditions- conceded, wasahs ilutely impdssibleon the prestidigitation ,hypothesis.!’ Inimtnuel-Hermin Pichta claims “ that .Slade.’a manifestations •, belong the domain of physice." And so - the wonderful slate writing ’continuB»! A tbrbhgb r 'SIado and others in America, and- through Mr Eglinton,' -in -England, who. haa, -attracted "Royalty,’ nobility, and scientist's,'including the late Prices Leopold; who pcssassed.a'-Brahma look; slate.of his own, with “which ..he. was in the 'habit; of 'obtaining commuhicatiphs from his ‘sister,.the deceasedaPiiaresstAlice, and:.also Mr.QIadstone;' who,- ainoe-'fhs'P/ince’e ' death, got writing on lhe eama shite looked,' iii ‘the Spanish, Italian,' French,! and -English' lan guages. Hoits of others—countesses, ladies, and lords,* have’ obtained messages ’ from' thoir friends who have-" shbffl id off this mortal coil.” 'Is it possible that the business prejudices of onodevor conjurer; who has not witnessed any at these;"modern miracles,", can Weigh in the mindsof rational people for one moment .against .tec .thousand testimonies— especially such as I have indicated It Ha "those who would rather '“.believe aHie" than •“ search to sse if these things are so" who are the deceived. I myself obtained an introduc tion to Mr Slade, in Melbourne, and we then, •,ulterstrang«rs:to each-.oth-f; sat'fur'the first time together, when I obtained as many as sixteen disrinct and separate'.'messages; in; the various names of my own" deceased friends; must of which were ‘written on my own closed honk-slate of six pages,-- which I carried from Ballarat. I h-d mauy oth*r sittings, or seances, with Mr Slndo. at L-ster'a. hotel and other plucsa in Ballarat,.and never failed to obtsin writing ou closed elates whan I sat. for it. Most of the'cornmnnications. were wiitton on slates laid on my eboulder, and all in the fullest daylight. I have known writing pro duced ou slates held .at arm’s length as far away as possible from any .‘other object; and I have opened elnt-s at private seances with Slade and found-messages written in as.many as five languages,-‘besides hieroglyphics excel lently, written. In addition to slate writing, : I havei witnessed: numerous other .kinds of spirit, manifestations, as marvellous as any I have ever read of,. 