THE VINEYARDS OF WAHGUNYAH. (CONTINUED.) The vineyard of Mr. Robert Turner is situated ou the banks of Lake Moodemerc, some four miles south of Wahgunyah. The lake is properly speaking a lagoon, depending on the Murray River floods for its supply of water. Mr. Turner is one of our oldest settlers, aud fortunately scoured about 1000 acres of open forest country, extending back into the delta formed by the junction of the Black Dog Creek and Eiver Murray. He first planted a small vineyard in 1866; there was about that time a " ran" on vineyard planting, which lasted for a few years, when a reaction took place in consequence of the difficulty of selling the wines. Many persons,-not being able to- contend against the times, either neglected to work their vineyards or grubbed the vines out. Although Mr. Turner was one of those who did grub out a small exitent of vineyard, he is now orie of the most enthusiastic in favour of replanting. He has just completed irrigation works from the lake, worked by horsepower, and is well satisfied with the results on his vines and trees wherever the water is applied. The house, vineyard, and orchard aro picturesquely situated on the bankB of the lake, on which tho wild ducks, swans, and pelicans may be seen gliding on the water peacefully, unmolested. Being of a practical turn of mind, Sir. Turner has surrounded his young vines with a shelter of almond trees, which grow rapidly and bear abundantly, the trees coming into bearing in live or six years, and the produce is always marketable—thus combin- ing the useful and ornamental—a hint to intending planters. The nature of the soil and subsoil appear to be favourably adapted to almond and orchard plantation, as well as to tho vine, being a red, friable loam resting on a porous subsoil, which quickly absorbs the rainfall and also tho water used in irrigating. In the vine yard the older vines standing 6ft. by 6ft. show weakness, and every second vino is being taken up. Mr. Turner proposes to plant in future at 10ft. by 10ft. apart, believing more and bettor fruit could be got at this distance than on the closer-planted vines, and greater longevity secured. An inspection of a few border vines along the outside rows shows at a glance the results of wide planting, and where water has been applied the difference is indeed wonderful. Likoevery othervineyard in this district, that of Mr. Turner has its speciality, being famed for its distinctive muscatels and red wines; the latter—Brown Muscat—is growing into favor in this district as a specially valuable wine. The cuttings do not root' freely, but this can now be remedied by water, which it is intended to apply to tho future extension of this variety of the plantation. Mi. Turner draws unfavourable conclusions against the use of wood in the construction of his elevated irrigation cistern. It is too porous, and the loss of water too great. The house and outbuildings are surrounded with avenues of vines and almond trees; thus Mrs. Turner and the young ladies of household are domiciled in 6ylvan retreat. The family is unostentatiously hospitable, and to all Mr. Turner is frankly communicative as to experiences and suggestions. Wo next como to the vineyard of Mr. Charles Brache, who (it is now about twenty years ago) was introduced to this district as a young man all the way from Germany, and curious about tbe wines of the district, prepared to buy if he could bny cheaply. As an observer of the wine interest in this district for many years, I have always found that there appears to have been from the first a surrounding of deferential respect paid to the Germans and French for. their opinions as to the character of our wines, no doubt due in a great degree to the worldwide name of their countries for wines of a specially recognised class. Mr.. Brache, who first came to explore, has how come amongst us to plant tho vine, and has secured 160 acres of a choice red volcanic soil near Wahgunyah, 72 acres of which ho had planted with vines in 1888. Tho ground had been cultivated for many yoars under cereals, and has been prepared by the plough as described in Mr! Chandlers vineyard. As the property is admirably adapted for irrigation by side contour drains, it is the intention of the proprietor to lay on water from the River Murray by pumping. Ho informs me that it is his intention to plant 150 acres of vines; and having just purchased an adjacent property of 150 acres, including one of our first planted vineyards in this district, from Messrs. Main and Baldoek, lie is bringing his colonial and German experience 1o bear in the development of our wine industry, as it may be sure, with an eye to the future prospects of the trade. Lite Mr. Tuineri Mr. Brache has surrounded his vineyard with a plantation of 200 fruit trees, as a shelter against the high winds. He has purchased the extensive aud conveniently adapted cellars of the defunct Wahgunyah, Corowa, and Murray Valley Wine Companyin Wahgunyah, and is now Engaged actively in making preparations to purchase g»J> es from the surrounding growers and make wine therein. As a matter of history in connection with this ns a wine district, it may not bo deemed out of place to refer to the Wine Company as tbe first established in Australia on the mutual principle limited. During the depression of the wino interests some years ago it was thought relief could he secured to the district growers by the establishment of a company to buy grapes, make, mature, and dispose of the wines, thus inducing capital to invest from outside of the district. It was also in the articles of association agreed to take grapes from the growers for calls in lieu of cash, money being scarce. Shortly after the establishment of the company the Oidium Tuckerii appeared for the first time amongst the vineyards; and the inexperience of the growers as to the efficacy of sulphur to combat its ravages resulted in many vineyards in a total loss of the crops, and the growers found the calls of the company a ruinous tax, and the heretofore liberal banking institutions having put on the screw, some of the growers had to succumb, and finally the company was wound up. Thus the property has fallen into the hands of Mr. Bracbe. Twenty-five years ago Wabgunyah was the market town of the district, and the outlet and inlet of all supplies from Victoria and Riverina. The river trade was then active, and business was brisk. Corowa, on the opposite side of the Murray, then contained only one email " pub." and a small store, which are now replaced by places of business two or three stories in height, and Corowa is the capital of the district, while Wahgunyah is only the attenuated ghost of the past. This lamentable change is owing to the border duties, combined with the heavy toll—Is. per wheol—levied on all vehicles crossing the river. —Leader. 