Christianity and Other ' Faiths. BUDDHISM. (Concluded) «.' The curious part of Buddhist teaching is found in the dogma that it is possible to dispenso with the myriads of incar nations which ultimately result in Nir vana, and attain it in tliis life. This, wo i are told, was tho achievement of tho j Buddha, al>d; tho path to. the same goal | lies in a carefiil-imitation of his life. Hav-, ing -attained the supreme knowledge of Nirvana, the Buddhists belieye thatGau tama voluntarily re- entered human lifo to 'mipfflcmenthis formor teachings : first, as- Sankaraoharya on the-Malabar coast, about GO years after his death ; and again, as'Tsong-pa-lta,' in Til)6t, in tho 14th century. Tho procoss of attaining Nir vana in this lifo begins with an initiation into tho completo exercise of cortaiu ob scure powers of human nature, Apparently liko those which, under the naineof mes merism, olairyoyanco, thought reading,' and similar phenomena, are known to Europeans. This initiation is succeeded by a life of the most rigorous ascoticism, and a mental habit of tho most profouud abstraction"; "The morality of Buddhism, asaroligton indicates tho theoretical path-whioh Grau tánia laid down in the direction of Nirvana. It embraces ton moral precepts,.of which ■ the whole are binding on the peculiarly religious class, or " Sramanas," and only five upon laymen. The five universal precepts are prohibitions of murder, adul-. tery, lying, theft, and drunkenness. The other five are more arbitrary ,in their nature (a) To refrain from meat after midday ; (b) to abstain from dances, dra matic representations, songs, and music ; (c) to abstain from personal ornaments and purfumea; (d) to avoid luxurious sleeping .places ; (e) to renounce the pos session of gold and silver. The fully' initiated ¡into strictest-eept of Buddhist ascetics must clothe themselves in _a robe of ' rags sewn together with their own hands, and wear a yellow cloak over their pretentiously tattered garments. They must sleep for a part of the year under the trees of an open forest. They must never eat more than one meal a day, which they must beg in the wooden bowl which they carry about with them. In addition ,to these observances Gautoma specially recommended charity, humility, almsgiving, purity, patience, contem plation, resignation in misfortune, and knowledge. The private and public con fession of sin was enjoined at certain intervals ; moreover,"as Dr. Jefferis has pointed out, the path to Nirvana lies in possessing eight excellences, viz., right faith, right judgment, right language, right purpose, right practice, right obedi ence, right memory, and right meditation. All these excellences were oujoined, not to obtain the favour of a Divino Being, whose existence, as I have shown is not indicated, but simply as a means of ob taining Nirvana. The state of tho life principle at death is not regulated, ac cording to the Buddhist idea, by any superior Being, but by the "Karma." which'is, as nearly as I can explain it, the existing essence of good, bad, wise, or foolish actions committed in this life. The action of Karma is regulated by certaiu laws which exist throughout the whole universe. " A brief outline of the foundation, his tory, philosophy, and morality of Budd hism his now been given. You will have perceived that as a philosophy^ it is a magnificent intellectual speculation .with out a shadow of proof in the existing condition óf things. -It is a sublime monument of the powers of the '.human mind, but a. very cold resting place for" the human soul. The thought that we press onward to the extinction of all in dividuality, of all pleasure, of all pain, of all desire, and become merely a shadowy intellectuality consciously restiug in Om niscience, does not satisfy us as a solution of the mystery of the universe, or of the : problem of human life. : " Its moral code is now much corrupted, and the perversions of the teaching of Gautama are colossal in. the evil which they, have, produced. I cannot describe to you the vast evils which this faith, in its practical aspects, has proved itself i powerless to avert. It has utterly failed in the power of keeping itself pure, and, in the practical eSect upon its myriads of , ■votaries. : Its millions óf disciples pro claim, it, to be,, the „ most widely distri buted ' faith ' on thé globe,. It. has '.proved itself capable of rapid and perma- | uent progress among the Asiatic peoples. In its early days it was certainly a mis sionary religion. In certain respects it was a resurrection of tho principles of morality from the corruption of early heathenism. The reasons of its progress i can be"found, (I.) In the woak physical vitality and painful social conditions of many eastern nations, which would ex tend a welcome to á'fai¿h which regarded life with indifference as a state of con scious Misery. ' (2.) Its pure morals. (3.) Us wide sympathy, contrasted ' wîth the exclusive " castes".of Brahminism. (4.) The admission of women to its privileges. All those were factors in its early success; while its continued acceptance by so many myriads of human beings is partly the result of the stationary character of ' eastern peoples, and partly in consequence of the fact, that, until lately, no superior system has been introduced to supersede it. But it is now exactly in the position of a religion that bas done its work, whose life-principle íb spent, It ias lost its hold on India; it is declining Jrapidly in;ôhmà';>'it.is:prafcticiUy dead in Japan. Iii Ceylon and .Tibet aloné it still with stands the advance óf . thê. Faith , of the Cross. ; Even Mohammedanism has snatched thousands of votaries from its influence, while its palsied frame gives up tho ghost before ¡tho free strong spirit of Christianity. : Its missionary activities, whioh in Christianity ■ havo _ blossomed into a now and beautiful Renaissance, aro dpad. i It has work ..enough tp Jive. It caiinpt fulfil' tho nonditions.of up. suprême vitality. It loosons Ihe'-inausrriftl fabric of society,' booause. if, it were generally accepted, the hands on the dial of civili sation would bo . turnod many degroos ■ backward, and mankind would become a asôutira! ' '?fi is a^rölifeion of self- | ishnesst 'in- its main .issues contemplating, calmly, iudifferonco to all tho most pres aing.'duties of life. ¡ J <M$n ouly.: comparo it to one ,of its «jagniíjeont'.temples in Japan: a nine storied pyramid, of square form,--whose succesivo stories are covered \vith statues and bas-relidfs of tho Buddha. On tho very summit , is a pagoda sur-' mounting a sunken chamber on which a sacred relic of Buddha was once placed. The relic is gone, and tho templo is falling, into ruins. Assoit« with Buddhism as a religion ; it is losing cohoronco ; and its most sacred relie, its piiro morality, has vanished from its system. Then, as to its philósópliy, itp magnificent theories rise, like tho stones of its temple,_ until, i when wo.roach tho summit, it points to tho infinite houyons in whioh there is- jio God, and discovers in its socret chamber, . only Nirvana tho infinity o£ nothing. I have not indicated the ritual of its simple worship, os this is > not nocossary for my prosont purpose. Its system is complex oDd mystical, while the vast J ream of its philosophy will turn tho brain of even a groat intellect. In these matters it is a ' strange contrast to that Faith in which " the wayfaring man, thpugh a fool, need not orr." Its moral ity was long anticipated iii a nobler codo by the Hebrew Moses, and it is quite suf ficient to have indicated its loading theories, in order to show that neither could tho life of tho Christ have possibly been evolved from tho story _ of Buddha, nor tho Gospel of Christianity fiom tho philosophy whioh Buddha-founded. '• Buddhism fails alike as tho solution of the universe/md the problem of human lifo. Itsjdyiihgîiand, while it turns tho pagos of 'its ancient crood, discovers written across them by tho march of wostoni civilisation and western Fnitb— Mme, Mem, T&et;, Uiiharsiii —Weighed in tho balances, and found wanting." 