ABOVE THE SPEAKER. SKETCHES IN PARLIAMENT. BY TIMOTHEUA "Timotheus placed on Vigli." If the member for Williams town bad not blocked the Estimates, Ministers would have had to congratulate themselves onareallygood week's work. Two days were devoted to th« Licensing Bill, and to get through the " court" clauses and the "compensation" clauses was as much as Ministers could hope for, the bill being what it is, and although the compensation clauses will be discussed farther on, yet prdstige has been gained by carrying them intact in. the first instance. It was time progress was uuide. If Ministers are half through the Licensing Bill, it must be re membered that they are also half through a six months' session. The Factory Bill and the TaBmanianTreaty, and the Electoral Bill, and the Estimates-as yet practically un touched-are big tasks to dispose of in the other three months, especially with the Legislative Council protesting againet a crush. The expedition of the week is partly owing to a change of tactics. Mr. Berry re* signed his charge of the Licensing Bill, and Mr. Kerferd sat in charge at the table, and hon. members, instead of being argued with, were placated. How far Mr. Kerferd can go in pusning bills through committee no one knows, lie has accomplished wonders, and his latest achievements are amongst his best. Every member accepts with confidence the assurance that the Attorney-General will " take a note " of bis objection. The words have become a catch phrase in the House. But in due course Mr. Kerferd is ready with a proviso or a statement why the proviso is im possible, and in either case discussion is avoided. The habit thus dropped into is the only business-like time-saving practice in the House, and it is precious accordingly. Then again the idea is gaining force with the Opposi tion that little further party capital is to be made out of the Licensing Bill. There ate more promising matters a little further on. Re ports are current that the Tasmanian Treaty is " sick," and that the Electoral Biil is not healthy. And so there are hopes on the left that the session, which came in aB a lamb, may go out as a lion. There was for Ministers one bit of luck. The "compensation" clause was taken im mediately after the dinner hour, and before a quorum was present, and it went through there and then to the intense surprise of would-be amendment movers who sauntered in afterwards. But Mr. Bent was in his seat, and a wave of his hand, a mere verbal amend ment to secureadivision, would have arrested proceedings until the committee was ag.'.in fully constituted. The fact that there was no one to watch the clanse, shows how little the Opposition in the House is organised, and how much the supposed publicans' parly in the House is a myth. It has. indeed, no existence. Scarcely a member-indeed not one-but would object toposir.gas a publican's ally pure and simple. The objections offered come aiuiply from members who act on general grounds, and who defend the licensed vic tualler when it seems proper, as they would protect the chemists, the dentists, and the draper?, if those trades were under review. But Mr. Bent's non-action was significant also. The politicians now want "the bill through. They see their chance elsewhere. When the member for South Melbourne entered the House on Tuesday, it was with a swing and a bustle which denoted that he had something good on hand. ITe was late, and lost his legitimate opportunity of speaking during question time The House was in committee. A clause in the Licensing Bill does not 6eem to have much in connexion with a secret circular of the Orange lodges, but that did not matter. A motion to report progress got rid of the little embarrassment, and the mysterious document was soon before the House. It would setm as it the sentence intimating that Parliamentary candidates are to be reviewed and recommended or rejected by die Grand Master, the faithful to vote ac cordingly. was expected to make astir. But the days have gone by when Orange circulars of any kind whatsoever can much interest the community. When the Jesuits were expelled from Catholic coun tries, it was because they were deemed to be formidable; the agitation about the Oransemen in the old days was because of a belief that they were a power-a numerous body, with clever and capable men at their head. But nowadays if one band was to play the " Battle of the Boyne" in the streets, and another to discourse "Croppies Lie Down," the publio ; would not object if only it coald be hoped ! that the performers would keep time. So far as Parliament is concerned, the illu sion was dispelled when the Grand Master of the day at last entered the House. So long as he was unknown, "Bogus Clarke" might beans-thing, wherefore it was imagined that he was much. But when ilieG. M. came out into the open everybody laughed. "You cannot think much of a religion," has Eflid a critic of Brahma, "which takes a monkey for a Godand no one could feel any alarm about the men who selected the G.M. as their chief-for if the Bogvs was ferocious he was also feeble. It is all over with the ghost when once one has seen the Bcooped-out turnip with the candle inside it. Mr. Richardson is an improvement upon the Bogus. He can be imagined as putting black marks against members' names with meaning, and of deal ing with effect with a rival " View liim with scornful, yet with jealous eyes, And hate, tor arts that caused himself to rise, Like Cato, (rive his little senate laws, And sit attentive to his own applause." All that business the member forCreswicic can go through with personalhappinessintbeback room of 6ome Ulster Aims or Londonderry Hotel. But outside matters are altered. In a different sense from that of the Bogus, the present G.M. has been found out! There is one possible chief, under whom, perhapB, the Orange lodges might rnake a snow-but this is their business. Iu England, the familial letters G.O.M. have' beeu interpreted , by caustic Conservatives to mean ''Gtand Old Muddler," " Great Old Munchausen," and so on. The G.M.'ssent to the Assembly sug gest the meaning " great mistakes." Hon. members enjoyed their Wednesday evening this time, for the case of a public servant was brought on, and these arc the matters thejnnderstaftd and relish. Dr. Quick is becoming the champion of the de partments. He has JTamara on his haiy" already and $he Railway Bervice, share* i&e; Mucation offiw with MS ttfe in Cases should throng opon himAf'"I,ew or^er pleaded showed tha he b«ie*ed " SK&ta; tet>eUev^iM«b^^Jto have terrible by all ^^hi^ jear'y ^ T ^ been A4uo»da a»«arraknthe lor Ur. Quiwf ' jn (rondeB&ed; manager was bad ai»l « :A tlu'V 1?° peneral trafiic manager wa* ba. and ; that the commissioners are J »n<J£££,5^ ^a«d&Mr.b;;vu; * also With experience, alas comes incredulity, Bnd a suspicion that in these sweeping chafes There may be a uptake somewhere. The battle of the liurruinbect Ration comes be fore the House as bir Wiwter Scott5ald& battle pieces should be pa»nted. A. smoke, an arm here, a » Bnt'amid all the rest leit to the spectators. But amid the confusion two forms afe visible. 1 heone is the sturdy figure of Donald Macdonald,a Highlander, incapable ot recognising defeat in argument or in practice. Ue see him fi-'hting his war c,fficer t0. ° ^ ' from the traffic manager to the commission rs, from the commissioners to the MiuiBtc: s-spending an hour ^lt,ia,J hie papers with the 1'remier himself-and luially anl" aling from Ministers to Parlia St Pbu,l, obstinate men the worthy Donald ncv.-r met with in all his lite. One has come ::? ross Donald before m general and iu locai history. There is Maccail, who l)referred ti.e iron boot to evading a theo k A-al tei.-i ; and the shepherd, John Brown. who "cheeked " Claverhouse at the ln-ad oi his troopers, and was cut down b* biui- awUheunkuown hero who deiended his six;.file- so stoutly that the high waymen thanked lieaven that the man had not a shilhiu on his person, Jest Jie Bhoul'! liiive killed them l».th ; and last, but i oi lea-t. there is Sandy Macpherson, the i:rki!ion '.-itclieeper, who-per Mr. lient ?i-e>i---l i r (Uiva the transfer oi the liobson's !'iy lines to the state because tl- re^-haliiviv-e per diem had been or w;»s likei v tu l>e deducted Irom his pay. All tbei'> heroes are of the Donald strain. The idea that Donald is done for by the vote oi the House refusing bim a com mittee i- not entertained by any expert i.-r a moment. With a change of Govern ment we shall hear from him ayun. lo tafce the Lieeks oil a Highlander is declared by t>.e nrf>verb to be impossible-on the assump tion tint the Highlander has none-and to deprive him of any honour, protit, oreruolu ment-when he is once possessed ot the Eume- is almost as difficult. j The second figure is not in the fore, but in the back ground ot the representation. It is that oi an individual gliding irom post to ...,st. whispering here and hinting there. Mr. Service evidently attached nv re importance to the presence oi thia tecoiul in«Ii\Mu&I; tlian to tnut of the lirat. and it was because tlie secretary of the !''til ways I-aiployos Asso ciation had canvassed lion, members in the lobbies as against the Commissioners that Iip declined the compromise offer that some Llinister should re-inquire into the case. The future of the departments is still un- j eefct'etlj and possibly-as we are toid that the j f-pirit of democracy is spreading into every j j.ook and corner-we shall have the depart ments governed by elective heads-the Com- J missioners to be changed annually. It cer tuinlv looks as if the Opposition had an idea ! or making " Down with the Commissioners ! j one of their election cries, and particularly i as regards the Public Service Board. " A Venetian councilsaid Mr. Bent of the latter body, with scorn and with dim reminis cences of Doge and Lion's Mouth and | Council of Ten. "A Venetian blind, at any rate," corrected Mr. Gaunson. Balaam, when the four-footed associate of his journey initiated a convocation, appears to have been astonished. Sir Peter Teazle, when the screen falls and discovers his wife, is for the moment speechless. The hump backed bridegroom iu the story of Noureddin was disconcerted when he was placed upon bis bead in the bathroom by a genie who inewed at him in the horrid form of a gigantic cat To the list of individuals " taken aback by a Rquall," as the sailors say, must be added Mr. Gaunson, who was mute and motionless -too paralysed, physically and intellectually, even to rise to a noint of order-when he was handsomely rated by Mr. Wrixon. It must be said of this outburst that not only was it volcanic, but that, like all great eruptions from Pliny's Vesuvius to the Javan Kraka toa, it was unexpected-the air calm, and the sky cloudless. South Mel bourne had anticipated the Portland arguments about the Macdonald case. Mr. Wrixon, his adversary said, would insist that the House must maintain the law and not exe cute justice, as of course Mr. Wrixon would, because the House can maintain the law, and it is not constituted as are the courts to inquire into and to administer justice. It is not unfair nor unusual, as South Melbourne put it afterwards, but is very effective to anticipate an opponent's contention. But, no doubt, Mr. Wrixon found it annoy ing to be forestalled. Some idea, per haps, there was in his mind also that he has been made a butt of recently by the Gaunson section, from which have come allusions to "'milk and water," and declarations that it is " better to swallow a poker than to have no back bone." A3 the inevitable Attorney- General, whenever Mr. Kerferd goes up or the Ministry goes down or when both events happen together-Mr. Wrixon perhaps thought it advisable to stop this sort of thing. At any rate, his remarks as to why Mr. Gaunson enjoys impunity, about the impossibility of gentlemen join ing in blackguardism and scenes, and his explanation that insolence is not cour age, were so neatly put together as to suggest a premeditated impromptu these being the impromptus that are always most effective. There was not so much applause as might have been expected when Mr. Wrixon spoke, for the House itself was taken by surprise; but next dayhon. members were entirely against a Gaunson reply - partly because the punishment was deserved, and secondly because any answer ought to have'been given at the time aud on the spot And so we have only Mr. Gaunson's opinion that his critic is a " crank," which is a f>oor thing for an eccentric to say, and that he is " ladylike," which, after all, is not very severe. The term "blackguardism," Mr. Wrixon explained, was not applied to the hon. member, but as Mr. Gaunson feelingly asked, who else could it be meant for. Moral-No one cries BO much when triced up as a flagellator. Thin* ekinned always are those who expect their fellow-mortals to possess hides! That was an extraordinary question pnt by lie. Gaunson to the Premier-" Now, did you ever know me to occasion a scene in the " ise daring the whole of my career?" It as bold as the appeal said to have been George IV. to the Iron Duke as to did not lead a cavalry charge at often heard your Majesty ^^a^^Mh^iplomatic reply. Mt Ser: ^ ?Sfc- i liifl far*/* PAnlll Ka Mar as dead?** -" My dear jr , a soene in the. either Jfche or! xn yflfmif pa, opporfcattrof cfekiii ing refreshments there. .So they do. But as the trains arrive in A1 bury a quarter of an hour or so before time, why they stop there for that term first. The hungry and thirety passengers are not likely to overlook the tempting A1 bury buffets, and, consequently, AVoJonga obtains the society of the travellers, but not their cash. And yet the people say that our friends across the Murray know nothing and are not smart The gambling in the House, it is to be noted, provoked the ecorn even of Mr. Mirams. " They talk of federation," he said, with a magnificent sweep to indicate the "they,"«*md they quarrel about the expenditure on what they call " liquoring up." 