HBlOAULFłELD CUP FATALITY. In the autifi^Of Australian racing tW is hp ithecsniai' unfortunate accident recorded as that which occurred in ths Cauldfiel Cup on Saturday. The fi e]j J^^y 1 ®.«agleexcepti -,n, th, largest thaFsa everllsitSdforaiai,^ the colonies. When lie Ghost-won th. Ladies' Trophy, at-J3 aólfi eld jn 1883 * field of 42 ran. 'All went well in Satur day's cliief race until The horses wers an! preaching the turn. Teo Too hid had struggled to the front, and was lead ing by a bare neck, with Claptrap ha ffim. the rails on her left, and Sardius gSor' ing immediately on her right The tuni which is considered the most difficult pm of the courae, was yet some disun^ ahead, and the horses well strung oat were in what is really the broadest stretck of the track, but were crowding on theriili in order to get the in*ide running for the rush up the straight te the winning po«t How Too Too came down is not known even theridersef the leading horsssholdiai different opinions as to what horsei really first down and how they fell The mare gallops awkwardly, and as she «eem«J to be tiring at the time, the most prebibit theory, and that favored by manv stindiso near the spot at the time, is, that her front legs crossed with those of either Sardius or Claptrap, but probably the former. Froa the stand the white jacket and blu« af the colore worn by the rider of Too To,' seemed to sink suddenly into the ground - there was a flash of struggling horses and' silk-clad jvekeys, hurled here and there in wild confusion, riderless and brid]«Iea hones dashing away, while others limp«i off uninjured Four of the joekeji and two houses lay quite still upon tin turf, and it seemed aa if they had beta killed outright The crowd ertendtd nearly down to the point when th, accident occurred, and almost before thi last horee had cleared the inanimate group the jockeya were picked up. It m £ once apparent that Donald Nicholson, OBI of the most popular of light-weight ridta had been killed instantly. He wia ridk- Lord Exeter, and strange te say the horw was never knocked off his legs, but tie shock hurled the rider with furf; violence against the white fence, his skull would seem to have b«- crushed in. Cracknell's che«t rii crushed in from a blow, and he l»j quite helpless, but conscious, being iv. to describe his injuries, and take a glm of water from those who helped him. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, seemed to have been struck on the face, and Iootri worse than he really was. M'Gtade who had been on Tom Brown, looked terj ghastly. His nose was broken in, oaeira hung loosely, and what with duit »nd blood, and his white face, those around thought that he also had been killed outright. M'Grath, the rider of Prints Imperial, was also senseless harinj received a blow on the head when his horse rolled ever. The tiny rider Tuomej was stretched alongside hii deid horse, Darah, who had been initially killed, and at first it seemed that both horn and jockey were in the same condition. Commiseration for the tiny boy lying on one end of the stretcher was greater «n account of his small size. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, was one of the fint down, and as a dozen horses seemed to roll right on top of him his escape from inst∋ death was a miracle. He, too, was picked up unconscious, suffering frvm concussion of the brain. Some of the riders were able to walk, and others were assisted to the casualty-room, but stretchers had to be furnished for five. The horses that came do*n were Sardius, Tom Brown, the Iinelite, Despot, Prince Imperial, Impulie, Camtry Boy, Claptrap. Kingship, Tarpeii, Lucky Hit, Winchester, Sirocco, Tos Too, and U arak. The first three horses dorn were Too Too, Claptrap, and Sirdiai. Prince Imperial was so close at their heels that he seemed to fall almost with them. Then Tom Brown, Despot, Lnpulis, Country Boy, Kingship, and Taipeia fell almost in a bunch, while Marie Louie, who was galloping with this group, ni just far eneugh out to avoid the tortu that came dewn in front of her. Amonjst the last to fall ware Lucky Hit, Wincheeter. Sirocco and Usrah, the latter being instantly killed. The fearful nat'ire ol the accident was shown in the conditioi of the horses as they rose. Prince Imperial and Sardius had their bridles torn away, while the saddle on the lutnamed was turned completely round. Tom Brown's saddle was also broken and hanging in fragments. Other horsei came into collision, but were able to keep their legs.— Argus. 