The Government Manifesto. The Government policy is before the electors, having been enunciated in extenso at Strathalbyn by the Minister of Tustice and Education, on Tuesday last The most critical cannot com plain that it is not comprehensive, and it is so well suited to the present feel ing of the public generally that we believe it will, taken as a whole, com mend itself to most as being at least an hoiest endeavor to serve the public interests. The protectionist will not be satisfied altogether with the con cessions made, and the free trader will be annoyed to note the possibilities that his theories will be further inter fered with; some will lament the dropping of the railway to the Queens land border, and others will equally regret the resolve to reintroduce the Phillip's Ponds line ; but to the farmer these considerations will be all out weighed by the satisfaction he will feel at the promised extension of time for surrender to the end of March next, and at the pledge ro consolidate the Land Laws ; and to most the good points in the policy will more than atone for its faults. Of course in con sidering it we must remember that its adoption is contingent upon the return of the Hon. R. C Baker, upon the continued occupancy of office of the present Government, and upon the acceptance by the Parliament of their measures ; but it is not less interesting on this account, for whoever is in power this policy or something like it must be carried out. To consider the speech more in detail and in due order, we note first, references to the past, in which credit is taken for the settlement of the agricultural lands, pastoral lands and taxation questions, which had been long before the public Then come premises, to which we have referred above, to extend the term for sur render, and to consolidate' the ten acts now dealing with agricultural lands into one. It is claimed, too, that the Go vernment was bound by the act to re quire the cash payment of the ten per cent which was so much objected to. The Minister then justified the action of the Government in appointing Mr. J. Miller ex- President of the South Australian Farmers' Association on the Pastoral Land Board, and said they desired to get a similarly representative man from the squatter's side and then to appoint an absolutely impartial man as third member to act as umpire. Entering unon finances the Minister pointed out that to bring about any great economy, the people themselves must be educated to understand that if they asked larger conveniences and greater accommodation it must be paid for, and until the people were anxious to promote economy the Government could not do it The Government had not actively econo mised by cutting down establishments existing, but had passively economised by preventing greater costs. The Tax ation Act was referred to and claimed to be an equitable and workable measure, the difficulties in relation to which would disappear in time and it was said to be vastly superior to the New Zealand system. Mr. Baker re joiced at the defeat of the Jubilee Exhibition scheme, and took credit for the offer of troops for the Soudan as a proof of our attachment to the mother i country, but at the same time rejoiced at the non-acceptance of the offer. Very cheap sympathy is expressed in in making an offer the refusal af which was expected and desired. There was not even 'passive economy' in this business either. On the great question of the tariff the Minister probably satisfied theorists on neither side, but would satisfy most practical people. The tariff is to be very much simplified, and many articles which bring in only a small revenue, but the levy upon which is vexatious in effect, will be made free, as will also raw products. There will be some increases on ad valorem scale, and the main idea in view will be the production of legitimate revenue from such articles as may wisely be laid under contriDution, ana tne total result will be an increased revenue from customs. The Minister sums up his views on this head, as follows : — '' Absolute free trade is impossible. We can not afford to dispense with our Customs revenue — indeed, our present necessities re quire its increase. We must continue to levy certain duties on certain imports, and in the fixing of these duties and the selection of these imports, whilst giving effect to the great prin ciple for which Freetraders contend — that the object of the customs tariff should be revenue —to so frame our tariff that it will not injuri ously affect any manufactures now established Oa the contrary, we should seek to offer every legitimate and reasonable inducement for the establishment of new industries. Although I do not call myself a Protectionist, I would pro tect the labourer in the expenditure of his hard earned was;es so that those wages may have as great purchasing power as possible. I would protect the producer of the three staples on which the colony mainly relies for its prosperity, nay, for its very existence — wheat, wool and minerals — so that they can compete on as advantageous terms as possible with other countries in those markets — all of them foreign and independent of any action which may be taken here — which fix the selling price of these great commodities. {Hear, hear.) I wish to protect the manu facturers by placing no obstacles, or as few as are consistent with the interests of the revenue, in the acquisition of the raw material, so that thev may be enabled to produce their manu factures at a cheaper rate than they can be imported for. (Hear, hear.) I wish to pro tect all the inhabitants of the colony, and to so frame the laws that any taxes they may pay shall be devoted to the only object for which it is right they should be taxed — the govern ment of the country and the protection of life and property. In a word, I wish to protect the colony itself, and if the.people are true to their own interests they will insist on their re presentatives considering the interests of the colony as a whole rather than that of any class, however numerous, or of any locality, however important.' The deficit on June 30 is set down at ^5 10,000, supposing that ^150,000 has been obtained under the Taxation Act by that date, The Government will reintroduce the Bill to abolish Corporation and Council grants-in-aid of which more than half is claimed by the city of Adelaide, and the loans of local bodies will be guaranteed by Gov ernment The codification of the laws is to be proceeded with, and the Real Property Act was specially referred to, and a promise made that indefeasibility of title is to be given. The new act on this subject is to be called 'Torrens' Act' in recognition of the services of the late Sir R. R. Torrens. The use'ess Edu cation Bill of the last two sessions, for which the Hon. J. Colton has such a strange liking, is to be reintroduced, and will probably be dealt with as be fore, unless it is passed as the old gun with a new stock, lock and barrel. The Social Purity Bill will be reintroduced too. Postal matters were dealt with next,arrangements are expected to be made for the mails of Victoria and New South Wales to be all landed in Adel aide on the completion of the inter colonial railway, and forwarded by rail to their destination, this colon}- receiv ing ample remuneration in connection with this scheme. Some provision for outer harbour works at Largs is to be made. Conservation of water and irrigation were mentioned, but in a hopeless helpless way that is most dis appointing. The steps being taken for the defence of the colony against hostile troops were detailed, and railways were touched upon Railways will, when those in hand are finished, have ab sorbed ^14,000,000 out of our public debt of ^17,000,600, and they aae to be made to pay interest as well as work ing expenses as soon as possible. For their efficient and economical manage ment a Railway Board free from politi cal influences is proposed. The over land line between Strangways Springs and Pine Creek is to be authorized so so that it may be proceeded with as opportunity offers, the Birdsville line is to be dropped, but the Phillip's Ponds line persisted in. The Queensland Government are tapping the country a northeastern line would serve, and as the good country is not on our side of the border the line is given up. References to Federation and some other topics brought the speech to close. Bone Dust.— -Mr. A. Bartholomaeus of the Charleston bone mills, Redruth, is offering his bone dust, which has proved such a valuable manure, at a reduced price. To-day's Burra Market. — McLaren, ftTiite, & Co. wish us to mention that their ale to-day will commence at one o'clock sharp, in consequence of the alterations in the Railway, table. Rainfall. — The rainfall in Kooringa for the present year is as follows : — January, 3-490 ; February, 1-035 5 March, 0-520 ; April 5th, 0-040; 12th, 0-580; 14th, 0-250. Total to date, 2-914. The Season.— All over the colony have (alien splendid rains, which have soaked well in and will start the feed and wheat of which large areas are sown, and altogether give a most propitious commencement to the season. Election Meeting. — Messis. Bright, Bosworth and Martin, candidates for the Legislative Council for this district, addressed the electors in the Burra Institute on last evening as we were preparing for press. We shall give a report of the meeting in our next issue. FATAL ACCIDENT AT THE STOCKADE. — On Tuesday, Martin Symes, aged 20, well known in Burra, who was in the stockade on a charge of forgery and uttering, was working in the quarry, when falling from the top to the bottom, his skull was fractured and he died. An inquest was held, the verdict was that the sad occurrence was accidental. The Burra School Board. — The usual monthly meeting was held oa Wednesday, when Messrs. Lane (Chairman), Bartholomxas, Holder and Packard were present. The ap pointment of Mr. Packard in place of Dr. Songster, who had declined re-appointment on the Board, was notified. The usual monthly reports were received. A number of appli cations for free education were dealt with, and several routine matters disposed of. It was decided to visit the Copperhouse and Davies lown schools at an earlv date. Borra Institute. — The monthly Com mittee meeting was held on Friday, April 10th. Present — Mr. Holder in the chair. Messrs. Cave, Lockyer, Wilkinson, Anderson, Las cock, Richards, Williams, Hosking and Dr. Bruinuiilt. Minutes of last meeting read and confirmed, and financial statement for March read and adopted. Sundry accounts passed for payment. It was decided that the Chry santhemum Show should be held on Wednes day, April 29th, and that in addition to Mr. W. Kackett (who has consented), Messrs. McMichael and Packard be invited to act as judges. Sub-Committee appointed for staging exhibits — Messrs. Lasscock, Anderson, Holder, and Dr. Brummitt. Arrangements made for music, &c; The Rev. Mr. Rowe to be asked to give his promised lecture about the middle of July. Burra Burra Hostital. — Board meeting at Hospital, April 15, 1885. Present — Dr. Brummitt, Messrs. Lockyer, Hogg, Dunstan, Akhurst, and C. W. Brown. In the absence of the Chairman Dr. Brummitt was voted to to the chair. The minutes of the House Coni mit:ee were confirmed. Letter received from Secretary to Adelaide Hospital, stating that effects of deceased persons dying intestate, after deducting maintenance and funeral ex penses, were handed to the police for the curator. Approved. Letter from Jamestown Hospitai asking for information. Secretary to icply. The financial report for five weeks was read and passed. Committees appointed : — House Committee — All the members ; Cor responding Committee — Messrs. Packard, Brummitt and Sangster ; Finance Committee — Messrs. Akhurst, C. W. Brown, Holder, Lockyer, Sandland and Brummitt ; Committee for medical comforts — Messrs, Hogg and R. Brown. The application of Nurse Ocock to be allowed to give evidence in a trial in Ade laide referred to medical officers. Mr. Akhurst to superintend papering wall of private bed room. Purchase of two lounges approved. Any loose ceiling in old bar to be knocked down ; further repairs to stand over. Old bedsteads to be sold by auction. Visiting Committee for current month — Messrs. C. W. Brown, Packard, R. Brown, Duff and Dunstan. The Anglo-Russian Difficulty. — The latest news is more pacific, and Russia assures the British Government that the advance the Russian troops are reported to be making towards Herat is unauthorized, and if made was against express orders. Russia is waiting for further particulars as to the recent battle, and England has telegraphed to Sir Peter Lumsden for details. The European press urges Bismarck to mediate and prevent war. Meanwhile both England and Russia are pushing on military preparations very ex tensively. Two cruisers have been purchased and are being armed for the protection of Australia, and all the Australian Governments are doing their utmost to prepare to meet the foe. In dealing with almost any other power than Russia, there would be reason to hope for a peaceful termination of the dispute, but it cannot be forgotten that Russia is not above the vilest duplicity, and it may be that having made up her mind for a fight she is silently but surely preparing to declare war herself by launching a large army upon Herat, and at the same time making hostile demonstrations elsewhere without ? any warning. Hence we cannot be too ready and the care that is being taken by Britain and her colonies to be pre pared is very reassuring. Italy has agreed to occupy the Soudan, so as to free British troops there if war should ensue. The London money market has recovered its tone. Great floods in Afghaniston impede the progress of armies. Football Meeting. — The Burra Football Club held their annual general meeting at the Commercial Hotel on Tuesday evening last when twenty members were present. Mr. J. E. Petherick was elected chairman. The Secre tary read the balance-sheet, which showed that the club had ^4 iSs. gd. in hand. The fol lowing gentlemen were elected for office this year: — Patron, Dr. R. Brummitt, J. P.; Presi dent, Dr. J. A. Cockbum, M.P.; vicePresi dents, Messrs. J. Duff, W. L. H. Bruse, T. Drew, C. Drew, E. Warburton, J. Lewis, F. W. Holder, R. Austin, L Sampson, jun., D. S. Packard, R. Brown, jun., C. Bamett, W. j Young, J. & E. Hosking, Roach Bros., J. D. I Cave, H. Vivian, W. Pearce, jun., W. West, I M. Symons, E. C. Lockyer, Rev. G. E. Rowe and Dr. J. I. Sangter ; Captain, J. Blott ; vice Captain, T . E. Petherick ; Committee, W. Batchelor, F. Bruse, J. Home, J. Herbert, W. j Hele, H. West and A. Lou ; Match Com mittee, Captain, vice- Captain, Secretary, W. Hele and J. Home. The challenge from the Hotham Club (Adelaide) was accepted, to be played on the 24th of May. Several new members were elected, making the number of members up to date over fifty. A vote of thanks was voted to the Chairman and the meeting closed. ' Shocking Occurrence. — An Advertiser I telegram on Tuesday says : — ' A shocking case of burning occurred at Sheaoak Log early this morning by which Alfred Job, aged 30, lost his life, whilst three horses and a pig were des troyed. The deceased lived in a small place adjoining the stable, the walls of which were built of straw, and by some means the stable caught fire. M.C. Butler found Alfred Job lying near the stable, and his skin had been completely burned from his body. On ex amination the skin of his right hand was found some distance away, and following the track the skin of a thumb was found. Deceased went some eighty yards north, then turned round and proceeded south, and after going some distance again turned, and must have fallen dead where he was found, for he was lying with his face to the earth. Two horses were dead inside the stable, and one was found dead outside, but the fourth had got away, and though it was terribly burned it made its way to the.residence of deceased's father, over two miles off. On gelling up early the family were astonished at seeing the grey mare in such a plight. Fearing something had happened they sent at once to the son's place, and then a horrible scene was presented to view. The deceased's sufferings must- have been mo?t intense, and he evidently walked up and down until he dropped, being roasted alive. Along the path he took there were marks of blood and large pieces of skin which had peeled off his bodv. The deceased bad not long started for himself his father having put him on the farm. No clue as to the origin of the fire has been obtained. An inquest will be held. The Salvation War. — The Army had a great field day in Burra on Wednesday last, on the occasion of the opening of their new barracks. The Burra corps marched to the railway station to meet the first train from' Adelaide, by which arrived Major Thurnian, Staff-Capt. Oldhani, Staff-Capt. Heady, Lieut. Waid and a. number of other officers and soldiers, and the whole body then marched back to Kooringa, band playing, colours fly ing. At three there was a open air service held at the pump, and then a large number of persons attended the tea in the new barracks. In the evening a great crowd filled the same place, every inch of the space being occupied, persons standing close together where there were no seats. The audience in the back of the building were at times inclined to be noisy but all good-naturedly. Staff-Capt. Hendy opened the proceedings, and after singing, prayer and the reading of 'the lv. chapter of Isaiah there was more singing and waving of pocket handkerchiefs all over the room, presenting a most peculiar sight. After some testimonies Staff-Capt. Hendy read the balance-sheet for the station for the past 22 weeks which were begun, with a credit balance of ,£3 15s. Since then the income had been ,£221 which had met all current expenses, and a balance of £s$ had been carried to the building account from the collections, and a £26 profit from the foundation stone laying effort. These sums with special donations had been paid off the cost of the barricks, for which the contract of Messrs. Sara & Dunstan had. been ^582 os. o,d., the land having been the gift of the Wesleyans. The present debt was ,£437, but seats were wanted and other conveniences which would increase the debt to £s°Q- Testimonies were then given by various officers of the goad work going on at their stations which were well deliveredand attentively listened to. A banner given by Mr. Bertram was next presented by the Major to the Redruth corps, who pledged themselves to be true to the principles which the Major had pointed out as being pre served by emblem on the flag, viz., the Blood of Christ, the Fire of the Holy Ghost, and Purity of Heart and Life. The baby of Capt. and Mrs. Prowse was then dedicated to the Salvation war, and the proceedings closed by a supper. The barrack is situated in Kings ton-street in a commanding position, and is a large and substantial if plain building. The room is 6olt. hy 45ft. inside and 18ft. high, the whole of the work inside and out including the plastering and ceiling appears to be thoroughly good. No money has been wasted iu ornament but the effort evidently has been to secure as much accomodanon as possible for the money. The acoustic properties seem good and ventilation is sufficient. One matter should, however, be at once attended to, and that is the doors. With such a crowd as was *n the place on Wednesday, the bursting of a lamp or any other accident would produce a panic the consequence of which would be terrible. There are three doors, and all open the people would soon get out, but the doors slide, and if there were any pressure against them would become quite immovable. This is not the only public building in the town where there is danger, and we take this oppor tunity to call attention to all. 