Too Much for His Dignity. Foots, the English oomio actor, once'made a wager that he would upset the dignity of a certain head-waiter at the principal hotel in Bath, who had the name of heing the moat dignified man in Britain. His experiment and its sncoeas are noted below. Foote went to the. hotel with three friends—an engineer who had lost an eye, a Cavalry officer who had lost an arm,' and an old sea captain who had lost a leg. The quartet ensconced themselves in the four corners of the room, and bawled for the waiter, who came in with a more than ordinary assumption of dignity as a tacit protest against iheir unceremonious treatment of him. ? Waiter!' cried the one-eyed engineer, 'come and take off my eye-glass,' adding, as the waiter swelled with indignation, 'and while you're about if, just take out my eye.' ' Your eye, sir ?' echoed the startled digni tary. " ' Yes, my eye; don't you understand Eng lish ? X-ook sharp!' Eyo-gla«s and glass eye came away together, and the waiter reconnoitred them doubtfully as they lay in the palm of his hand, liko a man eyeing a watch that had suddenly stopped: Just then the one-armed dragoon shouted in his turn: , ' Waiter, take off my glove; and, cow that I think of it, take off my arm !' Glove and hand gave way at the first effort, and the waiter, appalled to sea his customers all tumbling to pieces like a mosaic puzzle, was turning hastily away," when the one-legged sailor roared: ' Waiter, poll'off my starboard boot, ona you may as well pull off my leg, too !' rJ he poor waiter nhudderingly complied, mentally repeating every prayer ho could think-of. Instantly the previously loosened straps of tho cork-leg gave way^ and. down -went the man of dignity ou his august hack, with tho artifiuiallimb quiveringinbis clutches. It was tuough. Forgetting everything in his sgonised longing to escapo from this chamber of; horror;'the : 01*starred waiter, casting a .terrifie&gianco; at the fragments which strewed the carpet, : sprang towards ths door. But before he could roach it, Foote himself—the length and flexibility , of whose neck might have aro'used tho^envy of au ostrich—culled out:—/rf.'T . ' Waiter, come "and tube oil my hat,. eudt "while you're at it take off my huad !J . ' '/r. Human" nature could bear ho more. The] martyred waiter gavo one yell and mado hut. a single bound from thotop'of the stairs to the bottom,' upsetting'not only his- dignity, hut' himself, so thoroughly that'to'the day of Ms death lib was never quite himself again. v . 1 Is that,your best whisky ? \ asked the tcm perimco man, whohad just ordered a pint for Iris alcohol lamp. 1 Tho .very best,' roplied tho; druggf^ wrapping another sheet of paper around the flask, to .make it look like a bur of "se;ip, 4 £b,' said the heartless temperance man, 'I tbought it was only medium when I observed the spirituous wrappings around it.' ;: Is ihotOwn.of. A—, tho good peoplo were | trying to, got up a revival, and tho leading members:, .of . the church were labouring earnestly, botlnit'church and in families to set dho .good .w'prk, in motion. Ono day Deacon -F—- called at the house of Sirs. Brown, a very fushiouablo;.lady, hoping to enlist her iu the movement.: -Sho was seemingly not in a very amiable frame of ; tniud, and,, at the best, was not looked upon as a promising subject, so the rdb.i :on made a hold push and cuine to the j^oint at once. 'Well, Mrs. Brown, I have jott: are prepared to meet tho .TiordLf*• NoJrwr'j'O.^woh't 'go out-of tho fcovse fuMU I'gbti my1 hew. bonnet,■' said ehe, qulcfully. Wax should we never be frightened at the appearance of n ghost ?—BeoauBOj if it is a ■ ghost, its appearanoe most, in the nature of things, ba immaterial. , ... . A BtrroHEE boing told that in the days of the millennium the lion and tho lamb will lie dovra together, said 'ho cxpooted the lamb would lie down inside the lion.' It is said that a pair of pretty eyes are the ; best mirror for a man to shave by. Exaotly so; and it is unquestionably the oase that many a man has been shaved by them. . . If a man doubles his fish", does he not'aim, double his fingers and thumbs? And if he'.'' doubles bis fingers and thumbs, bow many' : fingers and thumbs does he then have. ' My doar,'_ said a sentimental wife, 'home, • you know, is. the dearest spot oil . earth.' 'Well,.yes,' said tho practical husband, 'it ; does oost about twice as mnoh us any other. Spot.' ... ' WnosE pigs are those, r«y lad ?' ' Who^ ' " they belong to'that there big sow.' ' hfo, I ' mean who is thoir master?' .'Why,'-again - answered the lad, ' that little 'un; he's a' rare: 'un to fight.' ; i 'r ' The witty Marquis dp Bi6vre.wasHsked.igf. Louis XV. for,a pnm 'Give me a subject,!. , sire,'saidB. 'Make it on myself,'said Louis. 'Bire, the king is not a subjeot,' was the pleasant reply. . - , ■ Peofessob to a young lady student:.Tour mark iB very low, and you have only, just i'l passed.' Young lady: *:Ob, I am so glad.* ■ Professor, surprised:'Why ?' Young lady : i ' I do so love a tight squeeze.' ■ : : A OEETAju dootor having heard a village poet repeat some;verses on a sodding' wife, ,was so ' delighted with" them as to request a' copy.. 'There is no necessity for that,' said the poet,' ' as you have got the original.' T An English traveller, in looking oversoipo - American town names, came across the,jwelf knownonesof ' Powtuoket,'. ' Shctuoketj' and , 'Nantucket.' 'Ha, ha!i.he.exolaimed, 'I'm , blest if the whole family didn't take it.' A little girl of eoven exhibited much " dis quiet at hearing of a now exploring expedition: When asked wiry she should care abont it, she said: 'If they discover any more countries,' they will.add to the geography I have to study: ' - There are countries enough in it now.' i (What.are yon going-to do whon you grow" , up, if you don't know How to read,,"write, and/, cipher,?' asked asohodl- toachorof a lazy, stupid!;V boy, who replied, ' I'm goiu' to he a sohool- J' master an'make the boys do all the readin', writin', an* oipheriri'.' ■/' A crmau, old haohelor, who firmly believe#; , that all women have something to say on all: r. subjoots, recently asked a female frieDd, ' Well, madam, what do you hold on this , : question of female enfirage?' To him the-. lady responded calmly,' Sir, I hold my tongue.' Poetey, a waxed moustache, mystery, long hair, and a sweet tenor voice, will often make a woman feel as if there was only a sheet of. tissue paper between heaven and herself, .but it is the man with .the wart on his nose and six^. s figures in his hank balance who scoops her- in and makes her happy ever afterwards.; ;• -. :'x O.ve of the most mortifying' experiences 'in the life of a man is to have somebody ask him ' the time of day while his watch .is at the;' jeweller's for repairs. . He absent-mindedly ' rakes out a huneh of keys attached to the ohsin for the purpose of keeping it in place, and the ' more he says 'jeweller,' the mote the other. , fello v says ' pawnbroker.' Life iHstmAECE Aghist.— 'Gome; lot me make yon ont a polioy.' Mr. Dusonbury— ' Not to-day, sir.' ' Why not ? The premium' ■ on 20,000 dole, wouldn't he muoh. it would be a. nioo sum to "leave your wife.' ' I said " " not to-day, sir." Now I say, never, sir ! A. handsome young widow with 20,000 dole, is the most dangerous legacy a man could leave behind him.' . 'What is the matter?' -asked an Austin doctor of a thin young man named Anderson Pye. ' I think the climate of Austin does not agree with mo—liavo groat trouble breathing, with my lungs.' 'You would have a great deal more trouble breathing without your lungs,' responded the doctor, whereupon Anderson Pye got up £111(1 adjourned ; and now he toils every one that: tho. doctor does not understand his business. Waitiko Wife. — 'Why, Henry, how strangely, you look and act. What 'in'the > world is the matter ?' Early husband (angrily), 'Nothing's the matter'with me;' W. wife— 'Butthefc'must bo. .Have you been drinking " absihtho?' E. 'Husband — ' Haven't been - drinking ' anything.I'm perfectly ""sober.' W. Wife (mueh relieved)—' Ah, that's it. I thought there was • something very unusual" about your looks and actions.' As Uolonel Billson was going down the , .stops he mot a suBpioious-looking boy with a lot of bills. ' Is Colonel Billson's offioo up stairs?' iYcs; but I'm not in -or,, rathor. the colonel's not in.' ' Ain't you tbo msu ?' ... ' No, my ton.' ' I'd liko to find him. I'vo J,j got a telograph money-order for tim.' 'LePn. !,,; sen; who is tho man you wnut?' 'Colonel' BiUson.': '-I thought you said Colonol Billings. •• I am Colonel Billson.' . .. ";j, !W Tin: coir brated'ProfessorNenndor was spend- : ing an evening out, when rain began to fall,'/ and the host begged his guest to put up'with'.-ij him for tbo night. The renowned thoologist ; 1 shook his hoad and mid ho would willingly re- ; main, but at present it was out of tho question •'■*'! as he had not his night-olotliOB with him."' Bud- - doniy it was discovered that tho professor had / disappeared, hut' a half li ur later ho rushed in' as suddenly as he lmd left. Ho was wet"' through to the skin, but he pointed with satis* Lotion to a small, packet in his hand. 'My /" night-clothes,' ho said naively; ' aowmy dosri"" friend,'l oan Btay with you.' ' Tho professor" I' •"hat walked home iii a tremendous ratii-Btdrriv?' < for the purpose of totalling his nigbt-ototkesi:'fK 