Chapter II.—Mrs. Pollen. The church, the churchyard, the boats, the old inn with its stone steps, were well appre ciated by the keen and observant eye3 of Mrs. Isabel Pollen, who saw them for the first time on a beautiful tender afternoon of early sum mer. Mrs. Pollen was a widow who might still be called young; she was certainly under forty, and she would have been called hand some by many. She had full dark eyes, and a face which sometimes looked sensuous and sometimes moody and thoughtful. She had been the wife of a self-made rich and vulgar man, whom she detested and despised while he was living. He died suddenly while she was absent, and she was instantly stricken with a wild remorse because she had not loved him. He had left her all his property and his money, and she was immensely ricn and childless. After his death she had spent some time in Jerusalem trying to find peace of mind there, and now at last she had come back to England with one or two set purposes of atonement to the memory of tier husband. It was somehow borne in upon her one night in Jerusalem that if she went back to England she would find that Mr. Pollen had some neglected relatives about whose existence he had never told her, and to whom, perhaps, she could show some kindness if they stood in need of it, and do some perma nent good. When she got to London in pur suit of this fancy it was easy enough to find from Mr. Pollen's lawyers and agents some in formation to put her on a track. She had never, while he was living, taken the slightest interest in his affairs, or encouraged any confi dence from him. She now found that he was born somewhere in the Eitzurseham region; that he had from time to time bought houses there; that he had become the owner of Pitzurse House, once the stately mansion of the old family, but more lately turned to the purposes of an institution or foundation of some kind, and which, as the lease was now just about to fall in, might be in her hands almost at any momeut. jSothing was known of any relations Mr. Pollen might have had, if he had any surviving; but assuredly Eitzurseham was the natural place to look for them. So Mrs, Pollen resolved to undertake her wild-goose chase. Her idea was odd and fanciful; but she was an odd and fanciful woman, with strange sudden insights, altogether unusual powers of observation, quick succeeding gusts of generosity, self-' sacrifice, cynicism, despondency, self-disdain, and a mind absolutely indifferent to the con ventionalities of society and social life any where. Her idea was to study Eitzurseham for herself; to find out if Mr. Pollen had any surviving relatives ; to try to make them good if they were bad; to try to make them happy if they were good ; to help them to bring out whatever was auspicious in them; and, if pos sible, to find children for her adoption among them. She began her work in the very quietest and most commonplace way. She was staying in a hotel in one of the streets of Piccadilly. She took a cab to Westminster Pier, went up the river in one of the steamers, and made her way to Eitzurse House. Arrived there she had nothing to do but to ask for the person in charge of it. Mrs. Pollen never settled upon any immediate details in any plan of action until she had some personal knowledge of those with whom she had to deal. "I can't begin until I see what sort of person he is," she. thought to herself. "He ought not to be a prosaic or commonplace |sort of person in such a spot and with such a name." The caretaker bore the odd name of Mr. Christian Pilgrim, and he certainly was not commonplace to look at. He was a strongly built, square-shouldered, stooping man, with a complexion worse than, pallia; something greenish in its tone, and with snow-white hair, although his movements were those of man hood's most vigorous time. His dark grey eyes had a short-sighted and wandering look about them. He wore an old black velvet coat, and might have passed for a broken-down i artist in the dayB when artists still wore velvet' coats. "Just the man for the place," Mra. Pollen thought as he opened the door in answer to her knock. "Sees ghosts and lives in a dream. He will help me." She introduced herself in a few clear words, her loud strong contralto voice seeming to startle the quiet loneliness of the place. He made his answers in a low and deliberate tone, speaking each word as pre cisely as if he was spelling it, and with the con strained manner of one who has to use some thing like force with himself to keep his atten tion from wandering. " I don't particularly care to see the house just yet, Mr. Pilgrim; I would rather transact my business out of-doors, if you don't mind." " As you please, madame." " You are not much of a business man, Mr. Pilgrim ?" " No, madame, I regret to say." '' Do you ? I don't; I am glad of it." Fitzuise House was along,low, early Georgian building, such as might have suited a wealthy squire who had a somewhat more refined taste than most of his neighbors. It was large, and had a great many rooms ; but it had only two storys, two rows of formal oblong windows, and a large door with wide semicircular fan light. The front of the house was almost covered with ivy and creepers of various kinds. The lawn was smoothly snaven and set round with cedars and elms and poplars and copper beech. Mrs. Pollen's quick eye noted with satisfaction that there were no forlorn statues or plaster-casts turning green and mouldy in the unfavoring open air of English spring and winter. It was not Mrs. Pollen's opinion that a heathen goddess wearing nothing but patches of rotting green moss is a becoming ornament of an English garden. "No woman lives here?" Mrs. Pollen said quietly. " In this house, madame ?" " Yes; I mean you have no woman servants; I am 'told that you are unmarried—I beg pardon; that you have not a wife." "May I ask, madame, why you corrected what you first said ?" " About being unmarried ? Yes, certainly. I was under the impression that you were a bachelor ; but I saw from your look when I spoke of you as unmarried that mine was a mistaken impression. I am sorry if I have pained you in any way by my words. You see that I myself"—and she stopped short and made a kind of gesture towards her crape encumbered dress. " May I ask again, madame, why .you came to the conclusion that there are no women living in the house ?" " Oh, well, I think any one could tell that at a glance—any woman at least—if she had eyes in her head and knew how to use them. For one thing, there would be little attempts at ornament here and there, don't you know— plaster casts and things; busts of the Royal Family, and Clytie, and bits of rockeries, and so forth; and then again those picturesque fallen leaves blown down by last week's winds would never be left to beautify that path— fallen before their time, like young conscripts killed in their first battle. Oh, no, they would all be swept away with the broom of remorse less cleanliness. Yes, I understand these matters, I can assure you." Mr. Pilgrim thought he had to do with a re markably keen eyed sort of person. He began even to feel a little uncomfortable under the inspection of her large dark encompassing eye3. They seemed to involve him and surround him completely in every glance. "I'll sit here," said Mrs. Pollen. There were a few wooden seats standing about; she took one of them, and pointed to another. "Won't you sit down, Mr. Pilgrim?" " Thank you, madame, I had rather stand." " All right. Now I suppose you are curious to know what I have to talk to you about?" "As you have wished to speak to me—" " Exactly; as I wished to speak to you of course I must have something to talk to you about. Did you ever in your life know a woman who came to the point of any thing directly and at once ? Come, did you ever ?" " Well, I really don't quite know." " I do; you never did know such a woman, because you never before knew me. I am unlike other women in this, and I fondly hops in other matters too; I come to the point when I have anything to say. Yes, I know what you are thinking of quite well; you are saying to yourself that I am not coming directly to the point now. That is what you are thinking of." " It is. I don't know how you guessed it, madame." "I didn't guess it; I saw it in your looks, just as plainly as if it had been in print; but you are wrong all the same. I am coming to some point in every word I say, only you don't see it, and I don't want you to see it just yet, at any rate. Well, what do you suppose I have come to this place for ?" " I cannot presume to guess." "Stuff. You have been guessing ail you could. Why not? A man must have some ouiivrjilj-." " I suppose you have come here with the desire to do some good." "Yes, I knew you would think that. A philanthropic woman, an eccentric Lady Bountiful; an ambitious rival of the Baroness Burdett-Coutts, I suppose? You are entirely out of it, Mr. Pilgrim. I am not a philan thropist. I am not a lover of my fellow-man or my fellow-woman. I don't care three rows of pins about the whole human race. Why should I pretend to love the human race ? I don't care about anybody whom I don't know, and I care about very few that I do know; and of these very few I don't believe any one cares about me. I regai'd mankind, taken all round, as an absolute failure, and I don't be lieve in any attempt to improve his wretched, ignoble, miserable existence. No; I have come here for a purely selfish purpose." She leaned complacently back in her chair and looked at him. He was easily embarrassed, and she seemed to find satisfaction in em barrassing him. "You don't believe it—you think I am talk ing for effect ?" she said at last. " I don't believe your purpose is selfish in that sense," he said slowly, avoiding her eyes. " In what sense?" "Well, in the ordinary sense—in the sense we all have in our minds when we say a thing is selfish." "You shall see whether it is selfish or not. I have something on my conscience, Mr. Pilgrim. I was unkind and hard to one who had claims on me, and I owe his memory a reparation. I shall never pass a quiet day or enjoy a night of dreamless sleep until I have done something in that way. I see a chance of doing something of the kind here, and I fancy it may be in your power to help me. That's why I am here. The broken-clown epicure who goes to some bath or cure to get rid of his gout or his dyspepsia is not one bit more selfish in his purpose than I am in mine. Do you believe me ?" "I believe you are speaking sincerely, madame, but in that sense a Christian's re pentance would be only selfish." " Well, so it is sometimes, I dare say. No matter; all I wished to impresss upon your mind is that I am not a philanthropic woman or a woman with a mission or anything of that sort. I am anxious to know something about this place and the people in it, Mr. Pilgrim, and 1 daresay you can tell me." " I go very little among them ; I lead a very quiet sort of life here." "Still you must see something of people. You teach in the evenings, I am told ?" " I teach shorthand when I can get pupils, madame. There is not much opportunity for teaching anything in this place." "No; I should suppose not. Have you any pupils now ?" "I have two—two regular pupils—and one who comes at odd times, now and then, when he likes, or when he can." " The two regular pupils, are they boys or girls?" " One is a boy; the other " "Is a girl; yes. A little girl, or a young woman ?" " A young woman." "Poor?" "Very poor. Her mother hopes to get her taught shorthand well enough to take a situa tion as private secretary of some kind." " Private secretary ? Well, I may want such a functionary myself. What sort of a girl is she?" "Quick, clever, good-natured, discontented with her life here. I don't see how she could be anything else." " She is pretty, you say ?" " She is pretty, madame; but I did not say so." Mrs. Pollen smiled. " That is how I knew," she said. Mr. Pilgrim looked puzzled. There, was a moment of silence. "Do your pupils come to you, or do you go to them ?" she-asked. " The young men come to me; I go to the girl's house." _" The young men come to me; I go to the girl'shouse," Mrs. Polleurepeatedmeditatively. " That sounds like a sentence in a foreign phrase book, doesn't it ?" " I don't know, madame; I was merely answering a natural question in what seemed to me a natural way." " Quite so," Mrs. Pollen said, as if she had not been listening to his later words. Then she turned quickly to him. "You think mean odd sort of woman, and you are right enough in that. I am an odd sort of woman. But I am not a bad sort of woman, and whatever my manner may seem I would ask you not to suppose for a moment that I mean to offend you. I sometimes say things just to give myself time to follow out some little track or other in my own mind, and then people are apt to think that I am rude. I let them think it, people in general, if they will; but you are not people in general. I be lieve you can serve the purpose I have at heart, and I like you; and that is one reason why I wish to know all about you; and I think I do understand you pretty well already. I am sure the more I see of you the more I "shall like you; and I don't pay compliments. I am an egotistical woman, and I have been long accustomed to indulge myself aud my own ways, and I think you can help me juat now— we shall be friends, shan't we?" Her eyes almost frightened him. "I have very few friends," he began to say. "All right; then you have the greater open ing for me. Now, just a word. I want to make an impression on this place; I want to get into people's confidence; I have a reason for it; I want to know all about everybody— men, women, and children. I am ready to play the part of lady patroness or anything else. How is it to be done best? Shall I make a splash, or grow on the place in modest quiet ness? Should I be vulgar, or would it be better to go in for being refined? I could play the part, I think. At all events I could try." He remained thinking for a while, not quite sure yet whether she was speaking in good faith or not. At last he said— "We are very poor here, madame. Our lives, the lives of nearly all of us, are pinched aud withered by poverty. If we have pleasant dreams at night they are always dreams of money ; and we wake in the morning to find that we have nothing in the house ana the tax collector is knocking at the door again. Our idea of an angel here would be only a bene ficent creature in a gilded carriage with a big purse in its pocket. "All right," Mrs. Pollen replied, compla cently ; " I understand. I can be that sort of angel anyhow; that is my form. It is a com fort to find a place where my angelic nature can be accepted on such terms. Well, about this house. I'll think it over and write to you or send to yon in a day or two. Don't do any thing till you hear from me. If people ask you about me you can say, if you like, that you believe I am awfully rich, and that you are told I'm such a fool that I don't care what I do with my money. That will fetch them, won't it? Now I want you to give me a des cription, a sort of outline sketch, of the place and the people, the high and the low. Tell me about this house, and tell me who are the big people of the place, and who are remarkable, and whom you like and whom you don't like. You talk and I'll listen; I shan't say a word until 5'ou are finished. It is an opportunity you ought to make the most of, Mr. Pilgrim; I am a talking woman in general, but I'll listen to you." (To be continued.) 