rROTINVUli PRESS TELEGRAMS. By Electric Telegraph. Melbourne, March fL lbe Mining Department wishes it to be understood that uncertificated engine- drivers or those employing them will be liable to penalties after to-inorrow. Sir Wm. Jervois arrived to-day and will oe roe guest oi ilia excellency tne uovernor, who will proceed to Beechworth on Wednes day. Major-General Scratchley will return later in the week. Michael Vaughan, licensee of tbe Bel videre Hotel, was fined £20 and 5 guineas costs at the Fitzroy Court to-day for letting bedrooms to prostitutes. The Minister of. Defence has derided to adopt the Belgian Fraucotte rifles, for the Cadet Corps, as -being light, bandy and serviceable. The warders at the Asylatn have informed the police of their belief that the lunatic Irwin committed the murder of Mr. Beach at Pettivells, and the detectives agree with the statement. At the General Sessions _ to-day Wm. Crellin was found guilty of assault and robbery, and was remanded for sentence. The only Bcratchings to-day was that of Royal Irishman for all engagements. Tbe following arc tbe Melbourne entries for the Adelaide Gap and Goodwood Handicap : — Adelaide Cup. — Hohart, Waverley, The Assyrian, Don Quixote, Lord Wilton, Ned o' the Hills, Lavington, Ringwood, Too Too, Anglesey, Gohanna, Hazard, Coriolanus, Reginald, Plausible, Quality, Kingship, Commotion, Athenian, Blink Bonny, Sheet Anchor, Buckingham, Uncas, Favo, Lord Exeter, Prometheus, Sardius, Welcome Jack, Helena, Silver King, Guesswork, Conjecture, Off Color, Napier, Yergy, Stow away, Acolyte, Cliuckster, Hurricane, King of the Gipsies, Sirocco, Agent, Country Boy, Britisher, David, Camerine, The Broker, Precious Stone, Anchorite, Grace Darling, Coronet, Hilltop, Madcap, Middlemarch. Goodwood Handicap. — Agent, Country Boy, St. John, Middlemarch, Madcap, Metal, The Ghost, Nuncio, Dirk Hatteraick, Precious Stone, Anchorite, Coronet, The Britisher, Spero, Waverley, Warfield, Don Quixote, Lord Wilton, Ned o' tbe Hills, Miles, Lavington, Ringwood, Too Too, PaUlero, Umberto, Marie Louise, Hazard, Reginald, Plausible, Sirocco, King of the Gipsies, Hurricane, Gipsies Warning, Berkeley, Chuckster, Duenna, St. Lawrence, Carbuncle, Vergy, Napier, Guesswork, Alphabet, Sir Garnet, Helene, Welcome Jack, Sardine, Topall, Claptrap, Ironmaster, Prometheus, Ellington, Lerd Exeter, Favo, Uncas, Buckingham, Sheet Anchor, Blink ' Bonnie, Kingship. Wheat, prime, 3s 7d to 3s 6d offered ; flour, a uiet. £7 5s to £7 7s fid ; oats, feed; 2s 5d to 2s lOd ; peas, 2s lOd ; maize nominal, bran, 114. 