Xfotea and Zfottonn. Bx VIGILANT." THE CAULFIELD CUP. If any proof, were wanting of the open character of this season's Canlfield Cup, it is furnished by the fact that something like a score of horses have each been heavily backed for fhe race. I am told on good authority — that of the book makers who have laid the biggest wagers — that the mile and a half handicap lias been a better betting race , than in any pasjt year. . More, than ten -".different animals have each been backed' to, win upwards of thirty . thousand pounds, while another half-score have _ been nibbled at for fair stakes, and a "skinner" on Saturday will mean the biggest thing for the ring since the little black cripple raced home in front .of his Melbourne Cup field in '81. Almost every day during the past week one or more new candidates for Caulfield Cap honours have been introduced to the market, and a dead 'an or two has dropped out. In writing of " dead 'uns," however, there is one thing which is apt to be misunder stood. The past few weeks have been marked by the number of first-class horses who have gone wrong and been scratched. This has, of course, made the Canlfield Cup a good betting race — exceptionally good ; bnt tbc fact that the public lose money over the Commotions, Newsteads, Hclenes, and Coronets docs not prove that the ring win it all — not at all. _ If either of the twenty odd horses against whom the majority of the metaliicians have laid their full books wins the Caulfield Cup, the ring will lose, and Commotion and Hclenc might just as well have started for any material dif ference it makes to the fielders. On the other hand, in the event of another Blink Bonny flopping up wholly unbacked, the ring will, of course, be big winners. I have so recently exhaustively re viewed the chances' of thp hundred odd entries for this race that all that now remains is to find the actual winner, and I must confess that this tipping task is one of the most difficult i have ever undertaken. It is, in my opinion, infi nitely easier to find the winner of the Melbourne Cup, as the animals in that event who are likely to get to the end of a fast run race can be counted on one's fingers, while there arc, at least, a score in the Caulfield Cup able to " get" a mile and a half with ease. Fon a race of this description I think it is always good business to have the top weights on one's side, and for that reason, amongst others, I shall select Welcome Jack, Tom Beown, Blink Bonnv, Loud Wilton, and Madcap to do battle for mc, and between them Gbatititde, Peince Impebial, and the light weight Winchester I expect to see the rneefrom the home turn fonght out In the wind-up of my review last week I hinted that if the aristocratic wiuncr of the Hawkos- bury Handicap started for this race whatever beat him would about win. I still think so, and in coupling Peince Imperial with the two Hew Zealandcrs, Welcome Jack and Wincbesteb, I think I have mentioned the winner, and anticipating a great finish between WELCOME JACK and PEINCE IMPEBIAL, I place the Caulfield Cup horses WELCOME JACK ... I PEINCE IMPERIAL ... 2 Loed Wilton ... ... 3 Best outsider, Madcap. Selling Bace. PRIMUS on MISTAKE. Second Hurdle Bace. AGITATION 1 Dubation ... ... 2 Huntsman ... ... 3 Nursery Handicap. MADDELINA 1 Anita ... ... ... 2 The Nun ... ... 3 Open Steeplechase. LADY ASHTON ob MEBNDEB Windsor Handicap. CHUCK8TER 1 The Ghost ... ... 2 Mentmobb ... ... 3 