Sftetcfoo r* f Y ©ur Carnival Eaceycur.se. o C Concluded.) BY GBOSVENOR BTOSTZB. Well, as I have said the bill, 83 it new is the best site on the ground. Stand t a npon its elope, the eye catches every foo of the course. And ss I observe this, I discover t that a new training ground, one mi's round, haB been recently made within the circle of the course. Jonathan, the worthy s ranger, tells me that it is the soundest trainin d ground on the whole three hundred and twent ly acres, and that it is built on nine inches of iro n stone rook and nine more of loam, sand, an tan, in the most approved fashion. Yonder, at as he. points out—away to the left, are the sand track,oneandahalf miles,theonemiletan, and the one mile oinders. I am told with a certain pride, that the rolling and harrowing and such like work in connection with these tracks,. involve an annual labour covering a n distance of 7000 miles. In summer the track are regularly watered every day. We descend from the Hill and enter the passage which leads to the grand-stand and ut the lawn. Here, shortly, will be built a covered way, through which the salt of societ r will pass, unseen and uncriticised by the bas e clay. $ot that this is the especial obj6ot of the improveibent, which indeed isprojeoted for the purpose of still further increasing th ' resources and area of the Hill. - Jonathan, big in the pride of his office, pr duces his keys with that air of responsibility which might attach to an old time butler, a he leads the way to an inspection of the glori of the cellar. And now we perceive the fall development of a scheme, which has been made in the interests of that other class of s the public, the members of which, so to say travel with first-classtickets in the trains o amusement at race times. This is the swell' .; region, and.proper recognition of its superior requirements is evident on all sides. t Place aux dames ! Let us enter, timidly and ht nervously, yet with that eager curioeity with s which innocent bachelorhood regards everything conneoted with the ladies and their sur e roundings. This is one. of the retiring rooms Nay, , by the mass! but I must laugh. The most prominent furniture in this gorgeous apartment the consists of mirrors I Mirrors large mirrors small; mirrors which reflect the fac and bast only, and large cheval glasses, whio give forth .to the inquisitive fair the reflex o the whole of thegloriea of her form and costume. Hae, no question, the dainty maids and matrons who bloom on the lawn during Cnp week,' $nd whose gay and brilliant attire riva Mr. Moore's mantling blossoms of many colo red hues—here, I say, within these rooms {for there are two, each 140 feat long) might be seen and heard much by th6 philosopher (wer he Invisible) which woidd improve his o- knowledge of the feminine nature. What pleasure, gratified vanity, innocent triumph, mortified pride, delight, and dissatisfaction, have these mirrors in turn refleotfidj ,, : and sha again reflect 1 How many a woman's heart has beaten high, or lowered its pulses, as the honest tell-tales,set onallsides, have {£vsnjback a trathful answer to. wistful or eager feminin inquiry I I wonder whether Mr. Moore chuckles r- as he looks around at thia room. For mysel I own I burst out laughing. But not alone mirrors icr the ladies. Everything the charmers need is provided. Here and-there are hung "housewives," fill with needles, silks, cotton, pins, -and the e thousand and one contrivances with which women "fix" themselves. If an awkward cavalier tread upon a lady's train and ripit " gathers," all she has to do is to repair to one of these dainty apartments, where'she will - findappliances Ifor remedying the evQ, and recovering her complacency by noting thfe facial effect of "bad temper in a looking glass. And if, Imply, the sun may have burnt, "with his amorous glances, her fair ll cheeks or Selicate nose, here c&all; she find cold cream, br violet powder, or toilette e vinegar, or some such delicate preparation t e relieve hersweet visage; while she may assuag her annoyanoe and relieve her feelings by th application of the smelling salts, provided by excellent Mr. -Moore.- By George I I think that, all things considered, that, gentleman ehould be the best lauded nian in Victoria, among the ladies at any rate, during Carniva week. al Plowera are, of coarse, distributed in every w- part of these apartments, for their greater s adornment. Cot flowers'are also previded; ic so that a lady needing some delicate blossom erf to still farther enhance her charms, may fi it to her hand. . Cases of flo wers for this pu pose are brought from suoh districts as pro duce them earlier than hereabouts. Even Sydney contributes its contingent of blossoms —among which the Warratah is eyst prominent. All-this is gallant work; but it is no less policy. While it gives pleasure to the fair, it no less brings grist to the mill. - A cunning gentleman is Mr. Byron Moore. It seems a coarse matter, but really I think l am as mucli interested in the next apartment t: into which I am introduced. We-have looked npon the purely sesthetio and poetic features of a race meeting; let us now inspec the more natural attractions. Here, my friend is where King Appetite is assuaged- Observe that this is the luncheon room, and consider What a spectacle it must present during race week. S is talent and empty enough now, hough One might fancy ghosts of departed evellers flitabout unseen, yet hungry; but in the course cf a couple of months.it's lofty space shall echo to the pops of champagGe corks; the crunch of teeth, the bustle, and aughter, and, truth to pay, vulgar hubbub nd confusion of such assemblies. Flowers gain will be seen in profusion. Why not? Does not one *ecjoy such matters the better, for dainty and refining surroundings. If it be pleasant to the eye to gaze npon a boned turkey or a raised pie,.is not it the more so to let it restawhile npon the sweetness and freshness of bloom and blossom? Who does not appreciate the effect of the dainty furniture cf a dinner-table? Who then shall not -applaud the conjunction of suoh influences as ate afforded by the presence of sweet flowe Nay, the taste is classic, and has the authorit of - the beat traditions. The Governor's apartments are all that they should be. Pleasant te be a Governor I e diould say—at racetimes anyway. At other tunes, ē when pestered by dull" statesmen " - and "vulgar pretension, the post may realise the axiom that "All that glitters is not gold." It must indeed be hard work sometimes, playing Governor, and sooth to say must involve n an extra employment of that suave Hypomisy with which social illusions are supportea. But here, away from the disabilities of his office, he and his lady wife and draveyoungeters and gallant suite, must have a high old time of it. I peep into the pantry whence the good things are served. Yesthereare tunes when I wonldbe a Governor, -i or truly we treat our Governors' better in th matter of feeding than fell to the lot of the ^Tl B L - r „ 01 Batatari a, who got nothing to e p»S. rememb£r ' bUt " gUm8nt tn T fh« ^ P f!i s room - These stairs lead ^PMbnort whence the recording e a^ds take note and notice of the races Lt V X r r * r * proved for these e * ^ ^ fc^ion at the end are^placed the telegraphio operators. What a jump all tins,from the t&e; when the firs course in Australia was foundry the fine of His Majesty's IQlTt 2&T3; The saddling paddock, or where the gentle of the ring do congregate to dfEr -business or do somebody else's is. aa world knows, under afH^ to the west^ d stand. Here too a ^fety oTiS£ have been made, aH tending tothe acilitation of the great Carnival of the year. onder the jncge'e stand, wherein tbe arbite! f every contest places hirofclf. By my fsith. I cjten*think ihst many a criminal has hcira, with less emotion, the fiat of a judge of law, th&u; have thousands who have marked that o a jr.5ge of a race. The new etand overlaps the old one, and is built uu on an area of land scooped out c tha hill. "The crush and crowding, which of kte years marred the pleasure cf so many, is now avoided. The rush will be for the new -ptand, and the race to the swiftest. The t ladies, whose robea are a higher consideration than a horse race, may therefore move mor leisurely with their escort?, and take their places in the old stand. The foresight which led the committee to adopt this plan goes to g show again their sensibility to the claims o y public convenience. ' n- But l9t us get on, aoross the lawn, and on d past the ivied walls and ranger's cottage. I observe that carpenters and painters are har at work, and learn that they are the emploj6 of tbe club. All work, whether of craft, or farm, or garden, is done by men engaged o , the estate. The work-rooms of carpenters,^ blacksmiths, painter*, point to the circumstanca that there is enough to keep business s brisk the year round. The farm work is ex tensive, consisting in harrowing, carting, mowing, and suchlike operations. Hay is grown for the workiugborses, of which therear eleven—such animals as are rarely seen, sav y in a brewer's lorry, er a horse show. Pat an er lasty, they seem to have a good time of it, with a splendid stable in whioh topass thei hours of ease and munch their sweet hay. B e the way in which Jonathan poses himself as we regard some of these brave crwtures, I o- gather that he takes rare pride and BatiEfao tion in them. s On pleasant lines, truly, is cast the lot of honest Jonathan. He has been associated with the course for more than twenty years, and may be said to be part and parcel of th institution. Hera is his cottage standing on , a gentle elope, and embossomed in flowers and f shrubberies. From the verandah I watch s the coaching of the youngsters on the tracks There are some twenty cf them, eaoh, doubt less, as much a subject of anxiety and hope and fear to his trainer, as bipeds, on their e trance into life concern their mothers and fathers. Indeed, there is not a Ettle which alike, - and runs parallel to—thecourse of a . child's life and that of a colt or filty. Each trains for the prizes of life, in some form o another, and a similar picture is presented i , either case of the rarity oi success and the e constancy of failure. A few come to the h front, and a few remain there—like old Com motion—stoutly f contending against all new comers. But what becomes of the ruck, whether human or .equine? Do they not pass into'the oblivion of forgetfulness ? Are l they not merged into the common lot, and labor out their lives in humble shadow ? I often think that a Cup winner is' like the belle of a London season, or a society beaut ē who rarely shines in the firmament of fashionable caprice or whim, more than onoa. And yet see how eager the women are to shine even for this brief space I Perhaps th motive may be the speculation; and the valu Of ll notoriety may be turned to as happy account in the case of the woman as in the se case of the horse. , Bat what is all this? I note that Jonathan e is 6yeing me furtively, as I stand in h verandah thus reflecting; .and I doubt not f, that he thinks the exoellent whiskey to whic we have been treated in his house has prov too much tor my weak brains. % But I tel him I was thinking that had I the choice I ed would rather Jive in his cottage than in Government House, in which, indeed, is sobe froth. At which his face relaxes, and thoug he answers nothing, hie looks tha honest s gratification my poor compliment has inspired. Jonathan's garden is a very gloijy of blossoms. Particularly am I attracted; by the native heaths, which are cultivated here. It ia -a popular delusion among amateur gardeners, that the heath will not bear translation to artifisial treatment. "That" says our cicerone, " is simply because they know nothing about tbe matter"—an explanation I fancy, of the o majority of popular delusions. e e Attached to the cottage is a email greenhouse, where pot plants are placed in plenty Sometimes, yon see, in this eccentric olimate the-clerk of the weather plays sad franks to wards the end of October. The wind'and rain combine l to mar the completeness of^he flo decorations of lawn and avenne. • In that case, the remedy is at hand. The pot plant are buried in the earth, andtheeye iB satisfie There is surely something of enthusiasm in these fond precautions on the part of Mr. Moore, to complete the glory of the place, a nd Carnival time. r- Of the ferneries, the Ivied walls, the " har -dening house," in which planta.are prepared fcr planting out; of the hedgeB ot gazania and masses of pittospornm, of the plantations right and left, and tha whole further details of this most pleasant spectacle, I *peak no more. Let me hope that there wil be few of my readers who will not judge for themselves in the fkst week of November, and thatof the thousands upon thousands who then crowd the Hill and Lawn and Standiand Fla there will be as few insengible to the circum stance that in converting the public portion t of Piemington racecourse into a specieB of a , great garden, maoh has been done to forwar the interests of the popular sport and elevate its character by its associations. We may be sure of this, that the less horseracing is mad purely a business for the gamblekTand the more its brave influences are associated with beauty and refinement and honest wholesome enjoyment, the more certainly will its popularity expand and grow. <- Yonder, on the new track are a dozen beauties taking their gallops. As our trap ascends the gentle slope of the new members road I watch them, and marvel not at the strong hold the sport they confer npon us should have upon society. Nor do I wonder either that people who delight in such sports ehould have been, and should still be istinguished above all others, for their sturdy independence and robust manlinesB of character. 