Svavellcr. ffihi-cq, V/eelts in Ooutliland, N.2. Bv FitANK IfoilLCV. (Continued.') - How long havo I been ohrabmg this .track, piokingforns, murdering Shakc3pcaro, apostro phising ' tom-.tit9, oud perspiring freely. Bcoms liko an hour.' I must bo at least a / milo above the level of tho lake.. Surely lean -1 V/olk and moraUco nt tho rata of a milo nn hour. - Let ma flyo what tho oneroid oays. Great Jehoaliophnt I only 5Q0 feet ! Bat tho apparatus cau'fc lie. I'm not mcro then .' .'? 1GC. yards abovo tho lnko yet. I don't think I'll olimb Mouut Ernslaw. this time. It would : v.'"- '"look- liko . taking n mean advantage .ol\ tho : , . mountain, to praotiso on a wood track at? tho . back of Kinloch first. Just hero I found; tho \- following notice nailed to a trco, which I give . ; . verbatim : — - . - - ; . . V; ; " Head of lake, Juno.7tb, 1881. v« . , , . Notice. — This is to eertify that I, John . . 8nook0,. havo this day applyed for a claim .for wood , cutting." Tho namo wasn't \- Snooks, but that's- nb mntter. I went, on . about, fifty fcot further, when I camo to, tho conclusion that in a fitrugglc botweon ntoro- clutheo and Now Zealand scrub the oorub would get thobeQtof .it. Then I paused and looked around mo, preparatory to beginning my descent. Thcro is- not much' to coo certainly. My horicon is limited to ' about fifty feet. Thd interlacing loaves' of tho blp.ok birch (Cctula utym), the whito hiroh (B. alba), iho red birch, tho totfira,' and- various other trees and bushes, effectually oliut out tho rays of tho oun from the damp ground beneath, wlioro ferns and Bcrub,.in. endless variety and profusion, flourish eido, by sido in their struggle for existence. I am now 550 feet abovo tho lako, and for all tho view' I can get I might us Well.'bo in tho doopest dungeon in tho old Bastille, or down in tho lowest lovol of tho Mdgdala claim at Stawell. t-. : Botnrning, . a vary pretty objcat.oangbt my oyo— a ddgger-fihapcd.pcnddnt cf ico banging from tho roots of a tree which grevf' np'o'n tho edgo !ol a oatting.'- Tho . water percolating through tho roots was frozen as.it, issued in drops, / and . .tho - translucont- ioy. stalaotito, about two feet in. length, sparkled liko a hugo diamond in tho siinshino. , Bat I have no moro timo to dawdle horo, as. that sound which rolls in n thousand cohods from tho hills is tho fog-horn of tho Jane Williams, and sho ledvos Kinloch in less than an honr. _ / In ten minutes .mora I am ;darving. an anoiont chioken for tho .Lady '. of tboLsko,' whoso acquaintance .I mado this, morning; and wo arc discuGeing tho probability of tho eun shining during the next forty-eight hours in order to reveal, th'o'beautics of ttufscchery, which, up to this point, havei been hidden by an ohvious leaden sky. ' ! Tho lady is umlcoided whether to go or stay# "Do you think it. is going. to clear up," sho oaks. I look out ht tho window; then I return and pot on my- most oympa- thotio, and withal my wisest look,' and respond somowliat after the manner of the immortal Captain Cattle: "Tho wind is now in tho sou-west. If so be, my dear madamo, that it chops round to tho nor- west, or nor-nor-west by nor,. wb'll probably havo a ohange. If tho glass doesn't go down any moro it will very , likely rise presently; and than we'ilhavo somo weather. If wo don't havo Bpmo 'wcathcr we'll likely havo eomo flnnflhinb." . "Dear mo! how very annoying. I think I'll go hook." " I don't think that you can gain much by staying hero, madamo t" " Do you really think it will clear up in a day or two ? if so, I will Btay." " Truly, madamo, I think yoa aro wise to remain." " After all I think I'll go." " Well, on eccond thoughts, I beliovo you aro right." "After coming all this way I don't liko leaving without seeing eomcthing." " I commend your resolution, madamo ; only diroucccssity drives mo away from thcso hospitable shores. I envy you your chnncn ot remaining to eco tho sun shining in all his glory npon thoso gloomy bills, and trans forming them, as by a msgtoian's wand, into all th6 color's of tho solar spectrum." "Yea! I will remain." " Adieu I " "Adioul" Tho Jano Williams is a littlo craft oven smaller than tho Mountaineer. Sho is not, liko her rival, got ap regardless of expenso. Sho lias no gorgeous ealoon shining with brass and niokcl, and upholstered with crim son velvet or somo brilliant imitation thereof. But sho is a good littlo boat for all that ; and her skipper is a decent follow, too ; but eel va eans dire, as ho is an old Victorian, and all Victorians aro good' mon when they aron't tho roverso. Now wo aro off. Tho Lady of tho Lako Qt&tids; in a pcnslvo atti tude, watching our departure. I think sho is ovco now repenting of hor final resolution. Wo etcor straight for. Glcnorchy which gleams across tho water, about three miles away, liko a miniature painting oh ahugo gray canvas When about half-wavaoross wo get a fine viow ot Mount Earnelaw, whioh hitherto has been hidden ,by Iho smaller but noaror Mount Alfred. What a rugged old giant ho looks with his storin-tossod looks of cloud and vapor olinging to, his venorablo head, and hanging halfway down his' dhohldcrs, liko tho poor gray hairs of old King". Lear, whon turned adrift by his ubgrdteful daughters qnd abandoned to tHo'meroy.'of tho storm; ' There' is a glaoier somewhere about Mount Ernslaw which I have not seen yet j but which I am qu'ito prepared to take on trust,' as: tho atmo- ' sphere '.and , the' water! ' ore' alike' cold./etibdgh to . indicate - the 'presence of half-adbz'o'n re- spe'otablo - glaciers, '' The' -Bees- Bivor hero joins tho waters of . the lako and although: just now it is comparatively low, ; tho captain dssaros mo that it brihga'downAh-'onormous volumo "of water somotimcs, and'that; the shioglo at tho month of tho" river. Is eon; otantiy shifting. ' Half.an-honr. steaming brings us alongside tho wharf at Glcnorahy. Wo have not very muoh. oargo to tako on board; and presently" we ore off. our pas- songcr list being reinforced by thp addition of a far skin- covered banter, with a' vener able and unkqlizoio dog j 'whioh must bo an extremely valuablo' animal ' if only half ' as qleverha ho is ugly. /. : Whilo wo ore steaming along' close in to tho shoro whioh' lies' upon our left/tho captain onlargea upon tho past, glories of tho old dig ging dayB. Thcro has been plenty1 of gold got -about Lkko Wakatip. Wo'are stcamiog past tho old Baoklobura digginjtt oat of which tons. of gold have been won by diggers in tho oldqn days ' from , shallow ' sinking. - A' fow Chinamen still hang about tho old plaoo with tho strango pertinacity of the race/ Thoy mako their taokor now, and that Is 'about all. But' thcro aro quartz teefa highor up'thc river whioh havo booh lately turning out well,1 and a revival in mining about hero is qultb'on th'o .cards,. : '- ; // Tho sun Is ' still' kidd&'n by tho gray.paU which for tha last two days' has hung about tho limited area of sky whioh the taU morin- t&ins; loavo viBiblo. Bnt as wo paBS- thb", islands a fugitivo gleam of - eonshuio 'givcB us' a momontary glimpse at the exquisite panorama for whioh tho Lady of tbo Lako is sighing, I hopo not vainly. ; fjladdonly, as if by miigio, a wealth of 'gorgeous color breaks from tbo hitherto gray and' gloomy sdo'un/ tains. -In tho foreground'! ia Pig Island, or Pigeon Island/it matters not Avhlcb,' as thorp is nothing in Bnolunsuggcstivo names;-; Tho blno-blabk' waters of. tho lako break in small ourliog - whito-orcsted1 waves .upon - tho basalt foroshoro of tho island. Tho' palo' grcon of tho ferns and cabb&go; trees ooritrast vividly with tho dark .'glossy leavo's of tho scrub. Away boyood tho strip of water - betweon us and tho farther shoro, and forming tho book- ground of the picturc.-tho gray and brown walls under tho magio iiifiucnce of sunlight,, turn from gloom to. gladness. Instead of doucd by tender harmonics nnd ewcet nuances of color, Deop purples, dclicato blues, tondcr grays and a perfcofc diapason of nil tbo colors from tho rod to tho violet end of tho upcc- trum aro refiootcd from tho ncedlo-liko peaks "and '.shaggy sides of thosa hitho'rtq gloomy, hills j.aud, high above lill, tho puro white of tho snow almost dazzles tho oyo to look upon it. ' But. this - gleam of Qunahmo is -only momentary ; and presontly. liko the ghosts of dead mbmorie3,,tho- glorious virion disap pears. . / 4 ' It appears to mo that tho beauty of Now Zealand cccriary dopends n good doal anon light., 'This sounds liko a.oimplo truism; and some very Binart reader, mav probably remark thot "any fool. knowa tnat." But what I mean, if, indeed, I havo any meaning, Is that light plays a - moro essentia part in produoing magnificent effects among Now Zealand mountains aud lakes .than any oth'nr factor. ; Each point and. peak, oveiy anglo and escarpment eccmo to absorb that portion of the composito colar spectrum duo to jts molecular construction and its anglo of m- oidonbe. ; Acoordingrto tho law- of optics, thoro io no color gcncratod by any natural body v/hntovcr. In tbo whito light of tho (iun v;o havo tho sum, total of rill poiblo colors; and tho various huca .which' greet tho oyo of ;tho observer na, tho rays of tho nun faH.u|ian- thoco rugged hoinhtu r.?o duo, to - tho. rifting: process which tho light undergoes before hoing rriloctcd back. Sometimes all tho light is absorbed, and a denso- blaoknoss appears ; thoh tlio rod, tho orango, tho yellow, tho , jjreou, tho blue, nnd tho violot . rays aro ab sorbed or reflected as thaoaso may bo, result, ing in all tho colors beiog ecoo from somo point or other, aud all blended into har monious wholo by moHsca of grays anu.othcr neutral tints in tho way that only naturo can blend her colore ; whilo miDgling with tho clouds aro tho snow-clad peaks. » Clothed in whito samito, myBtio, wonder- ful." /,.... It is very beautiful when tho sun shines. Tho Lady of tho Lako by . this timo is .pro- bably happy J OS' cho must havq, caught ja fleoting gHmpso, If no ihorc, of tho boantips- of Lako Wakatip, and -tho mountains, undfer tho vivifying touch of— . . "That orbod continont, tho fire - ' ' That severs day from night." . i But now-" tho glorious lamp of h'eavon" is hiddon under thick masses, of vapor. Tho sombro gray walls oro iinroliovcd by any oplask .of color or gleam of light ; the blaok waters of tho lako ocom blacker and moro unfatbom- ablo than over; tho shoro flits past indlstinot and shadowy ; tho trees and sornb appear out: of tho darkness in front, and disappear into, tbo darkness bohind, and, tho wind' tossing thoir branobes, they soom to turn oternally liko tho loBt souls in tho Hall of Eblis. Tho wind begins to rise. An it blows over tboBo enow-covered hilllfl. it swoops down ab if ;it had juot arrived from Bomo antartia wasto of oteroal iceborg3 ; and seems to bo cmbued with a demoniac deeiro to but your cars off. You walk about frantically to koop.up tho oiroula- tlon, or you cower behind tuo boiler of tho engine, whioh, in tho Jano Williams, rises bp boldly through tho middlo of tho deck ; and aver and anon you foel in tho darkness for your Doso, to mako saro'that you havo some thing moro substantial on your fatso than a lifeless and frost- bittehrcminiscencooftho past. But thcro is not muoh ot this. -Presently we reach Qucenstown, and in. tho comfortable hotel ot Madamo Eiofebardt I find as go6d accommodation, as : good liquor, and- ps good tncals .as tho traveller will find out of Mclboamo, or perhaps in it. To he continued.) 