Queries and Answers. TURF. Hastes Avkvei. writes To decide a bet, please say whether the ' Cauifield Cnp won by Master Avenel was a mile and a half r Answer— No j a mile and a quarter and a distance. Bqcatteo, Adelaide, oaks:— What day and time was DEniuey scnbcnea lor uu urmu mkmuuo Steeplechase f Answer— At 12.27 on the 18th July. J. K., Adelaide, SJA asks:— What time was Sir Samuel scratched for the Grand National Steeplechase f Answer— At 1.25 on the 38th July Chxlwxll .asks : — What date and time was Lisette scratched for tha Grand National Steepleolmae ? Answer— 18th July, at 12.30. W. Hi C., Prahran oaks who rode studley when he won the Belling Steeplechase at Eisternwiok Park. Answer— Cupitt . , m , T. A 8., Horsham, says I Turk against Councillor, one to win, no stipulation made about starting. In the event of Councillor net starting. and Tnrk winning the race, is it adrawn wager or do I win f There is a field of seven hones. Answer— If no stipulation for, a start waimadeyou win. Xi L. G., Sandhurst, aeke where Commotion |h the V.R.C. Derby. Answer— Third te Darebin. lEAau, Enroa, inquires whether 1Sie Blink Bonny who won the Caulfleld Cup is the dam of Advance. Answer— No. B. 6. Mooazaska the pedigree andfoaJt from the old mara Fair Ellen, the dam of Toryboy, &c.; Answer— Fair Ellen, by Eory O'Mora out of Oauerine by Forester out -of Fantail, by The Caliph (Arab). Her foe's were Firetail by Jersey, Toryboy by Wollaton, Catherine Hayes by Peter Wilkin, Freestone (dead) by Touchstone, Maid- atone by Touchstone, flily by Touchstone, No Sur render by Touchstone, Young Fair Ellen by Torch- atone, La Favorita by Meribyinong, Flame by Fireworks, Nellie by Fireworks, Tkoy by Manuka, Andromache by Manuka, Lady Ellen by The Marquis, — bv Cceur de Lion. Tuue, Collingwood, asks i— Was Corrigan's portrut ever published in the hpobtekas ! Answer— Yes; on the 2od April, 168S. _ «. .. 6\. U. B., Ivanhoe, aska:-l. Did Mr. J. O- Ioglu ever own Le Grand f 2, Is that horae dead t- Answers — 1. No. 2. Yea. .... A. a. kL, Kensington, asks:— Who wins the follow ing vrager A bets B that Morven was the last hone when he fell at the atone wall in the Grand National Steeplechase. Anewer — Morven wav ott the M horae when he ielL; therefore B wins. Kilukkt, King-street, -asks if ever a steeplechase was run for on a Derby or Melbourne Cup Day. If there was a steeple oa either of those days, which one was it, and by whom w&e; it won t Answer— A Maiden Steeplechase was run for on Derby Day on 30th October, 1680. Gippslander, ridden by 8cobie, won it. A. A., Brunswick, asks.: — 1. Did the Km. W Pearson's Arsenal ever win a race at Eistern wiok P 2, Uu he ever won a race, and where P Answers — 1. No. 2. He won the Criterion Stakes at Caulfleld on 14th v— -»hi Constant Beaded, CoUingwood, aska what time The Ghost was scratched for the Epsom Handi cap at Williams town on the 25th inat. Answer —Four o'clock p.m. Coota, Cootamundra, asks whetherGrand Flaneur was ever scratched for any race ; if so, when and where. Answer— Yes. He wm scratched for t- the Australian Cup of 1881, won by First Water; " Sweetmeat w.s second and Progress third. yf. 6., Roden-fitreet, West Melbourne, wishes to know whan Coriolanus wen the Champion, and who was the rider. Answer — 2nd January, 1882. He was ridden by Mncphy. ATHLETICS. ConxssrONDENCE, Flomington, writes.— Did Mai- one complete 100 yards in 9\ seconds P What is tbe fastest time in the colonies, and by whom P Answer— No ; Hewitt, 0£scc. J. B., Horsham, wants tc know if tbo police can object to a competitor running at athletic sports with his knickers about three inches above his knaas, and also his arms bare to his shoulders P the starter put a maiden runner in a maiden plate back a yard for coming over his mark t Answers— 1. No. 2. No. Inqdidbb, Longwarry, eats 1. What is M. Learoihan's time for 120 yards over ten hurdles P 2\. Who has tho best record,Learaihan or.Hughes P Answers— 1. 16isec. 2. LearniUan, Lbna, Dlmboola, r6ks 1. What is Cumming time for a mile ? 2. What is Malone's dim for 100 yards ? 3. Is W. Garratt tha fastest sprint runner in Echuca district P Answers— 1. 4inin 16 l-5th sec. £. 9 4-5th sec. 3. How canard tell? CARDS. J. M., Ironhark, writes:— A plays 4, B plays 7, A i. BC (takes S), A 5. Ifow many does he take for the run 1 Answer— FiTe. A. 11. asks To decide a bet. Cutting for deal in a game of euchre, which is the best card, high or lowP Aiik-wr— HJoh » tlie jack. inquire, Locgwany, asks :— Is the joker a legal euchre card P Answer— No. G. O., Lauuccstou, asks A, B, and C play a game of euclire and ave 0 each ; it is A's deal. He tarns it down, B passes again, C makes it and is ecchrcd. Who wins the game? Answer— B, who is next the dealer. FOOTBALL. Pehola wants to know who won the match between Fssendon and University, and how many matches they hve p'cyed this season. Answer— Only cue match has been played, audit was won by Essen- don, the score being u goals 16 behinds to 4be- hinde. Locomotive, Brighton Beech, asks whether Geelong was beaten by a Bsllarator a WilUamstown-01"" la.t .0..00. have been since 1370— Carlton or ..JSSSSSneT Answer— Carlton. Jab. M.— Of the players named we think Pearson, of Easendon, the ueit follower. D. E. G., Prahran, writes : —la a match Hawkshurn . Southern Cross the former kicked what tbey claimed to bcagoal, but it vraa not allowed by tbe umpire. Thereupon the Hawksburm refused to play, and left thoiicld. The goal timpiro after wards admits having money on tbe match. Can e'.rher side claim a win, and how do wagers go ? Answer - Tho Southern Cross win. Bets go with tho game. It is not creditable to an umpire to bet upon a game id the decision of which ho may play an important part ; but tho fact that he does so bet docs not invalidate his decision. swimming. 6wmKxa asks: — Who is champion swimmer of the world P Answer— Beckwith at present holds tho title, ROWING. Constant Sucsceibyk, Port Adelaide, asks whether X. Laycock evor defeated J. Teemer, of Americi, at any time. If so, when, and whero ! Answer —No. WRESTLING. bubecriber asks " What was dona with the stakes in the Dfenie and Miller match at the Exhi bition? Answer— The referee decided a draw, and the parties took their money down. J. 6., Richmond, writes:— 1. What countryman is Professor Miller's father P 2. What countryman is Donald Dinnic ? Answers— 1. English. 2, 6cotcb. < J. H., St. Kilda, writes Who were the respective trainers of Messrs, Dinnie and Miller for the lata wrestling match ? And while on the subject, I would suggest that at tbe next match someone should inform the pnblio not only the style to be wrestled, but also what constitutes a fall, for a great deal of misapprehension existed on Satur day. Answer — They trained themselves. C. M'L. Biltemt, asks the bright of Donald Dinnio and W. Miller respectively. Answer— Miller, 5ft. Ojin.j Dinnie, Cffc. Young Australian, Hotham, asks t— ' What wae ' Miller's and Dinnie's chest measurement at the time of their wrestling match in the Exhibition Building? Answer— Miller, 46in.; Dinnie, 4Sin» THE KENNEL. xraskr Sale, wishes to know who wa>4ke winner' ofthe North Glppsland Clnb Champion Stakerin 1892, and also the rannat.ur. V Answer— Messrs. Carpenter ted MThvlaae's Fadeirra, by' TadJa- 1 deen— Fallen Star, was the winner, and Mr. T. Morton's Nellie, by Bright Idea— Tenacity, was the nuraer-up. Inquirer wishes information as to what kennel Castanet, who. ran in the last Waterloo Cup, is in. Answer— W. Melrose's, at Essendon. - bubscbibsb, Homehush, writes Could youiufona; me who was the winner of the Vice- presidents' Plate ran in connection with the Victoria Clnb in 1879 Y Answer— Nntleaf, by Nutlad— Fly. DICE. Yanexe Grab, Belfast, writes Two men a-s playing Yankee grab at dice. A throws a 6 in the first throw. In throwing tbe other two dice heknocksitoveranditturnsnpd. He wantsto' claim the G, but B objects, and says that he c&u; 'only count i Was B right in objecting to the 6 being counted ? Answer— B was right. BILLIARDS, F. M, 8., William ston n.— No. MISCELLANEOUS. A subscribes writes :— Where in this city, ctn I see a file of BeWt Life, of London ? I have tried Gordon and Gotoh's, and the Victoria Hall, Bonrke-eb, without snecess. Answer— Try Simmons' Cifo, Bourket. 