mY' ? R EAM OVER THE KEYS. • HXAD had an ugly day-one of those 'iorrying days when everything goes .wrdng. The managing editor had been bothered, and he transmitted his trouble to every one with whom he came in contact, and the work, which was often so easy, seemed doubly and trebly hard, and it was seven o'clock in the evening when the editorials, which had been often finished three hours earlier, were complete. There , was no appetite for dinner on reaching .home, for the dinner hour had passed; . but the dear old piano stood open, and s, eemed to say: "If you are in trouble, or worried, or out of heart, come to me." And so I went to it, and within five minutes, in the twilight, I had played all the trouble out of my heart, .and there were no more managing editors i to snarl, no more printers howling for 'copy, and no one spitting out practical , curses at an overtaxed brain. Soothed Sat the old piano, with my hands pressed * on my forehead and leaning over the ." y :cvs, nature' gave way, and I fell :aleep. It seemed that all the twelive .semitones came to talk to me, and that each pleaded in turn that he was my :` helper in the hour of trouble. First came old 0 with a great long beard, and he said sturdily : "We have all '"of us been contending, as to which of i-s you loved best. I told the dirty black notes, which are only' half my ''size and like imps compared with the purity of my white ivory, that they had : nothing to say in the matter. See how fond Beethoven was of me. He wrote a Mass for me, and a Rondo, and one or two Sonatas-I don't know -how many; and Haydn was particu larly attached to me, as his Second f:'-Mass,will prove; besides, I am the "groundwork of all piano- playing, and t he first note that a child learns. The idea of disputing my superiority over all the other notes !" "You be blamed for.a pig-headed old simpleton," said C Sharp; ':you .ask the ghost of Chopin if my minor was not his pet kay. Ahy fool can .strum on you, but it takes an artist to play C Sharp major or minor; youI forget that you have no signature, ,while I am seven sharps." . - "Yes, and you are five flats, too," i *chipped in D Natural, " while Inever ( . alternate. I am always two sharps, and a solid, respectable key. Don't ; 'any6of you talk to me. The Imperial SMass' of.Haydn and some of Men'dels ::aohn's best'.work come from me ... "' -,'I can't stand this wrangle," I said in my dreaIm, " you are nothing but a o::::lt of consecutive octaves and perfect :.iflifis.' There is not a resolution a:in.oug you all-nothing but discord. "/ -'.What have you got say, G ?" /*:·" ?'.Nothing," said CG, quietly. tWh'hen you came home to-night so . tire'd'you played on me and made me p':ierfectly happy, and I took all the trouble out of your heart. I' have 'nothing to say except that I hope you will have a good sleep, and be bright n: a',r the morning. " You are hypocrite," cried A Flat, ' and :a nasty mean thing,, always i:calling me G sharp; just as if I was :; anyirelative of yours, either major or :miinor,, when youlknow inluyour .heart ..that I iam infinitely sweeter than you, ~i'aud that the greatf'ichnoweky Sonatia w.as taken from my key." . "You are all horribly out: of tune -to-night," I said,," excepting G. What :is the matter ?" ." The matter;'- said :: Flat, " why you came home to .m.ight and you hit me and E Flat so savagely that I am all'confused,'and she. -has fainted. You .broke the string of her poor heart, and she has ,;beoen speechless ever since.' ':i'11break' every bone in your ;::body,":I cried savagely, ," you miser :able low bi-chord," and: I hit B so 'J:aard that he expired with a parting' a: ,Blnap. r Yoni'll have tb pay for this, said: I':F Na'ural.' "There is no forgiveness ,:opf- sin' ithe physical world. . Isup pose you would play 'with me next ,.until you broke me;,?but I'm- no gambler and you can't string me into S-your games. :It will cost' yio 'abdut $4 to:have B Flat and B Flat fixed up again and have us all tuned, and its all through your miserable temper and J ove for gin." , . SF was usually so good niatured ,and 1,. as so fond of her :that Ibegan to. suspect I might have done . something `'Prong, so I made no answer, -but' held ,' my tongue. G ood night," said G..'softly. Good night; .my dear,' I replied. Anid then therewas a general wrangle, °' and adl except E Flat "ind B Flat .commenced abusing me It w'as evid entthat these two fla~s were speech less. " You ill- tempered, ugly old i:bast," yelled the :chorus. You s'.:savage, merciless old' wretch! ' You diminished seventh, you!. 'Getto bed and leave us alone. You've "done .enough mischief for one night." , I awoke up in a cold' sweat and :found that it was past midnight, and, ?tired out and supperless, I crawled Sinto bed. The nest morning I arose early, and t'he iirst person who greeted me was' my landlady. "'Why, M1\r. Johnson, she said, what was the matter with :you last night ? I never saw you that way before. You had the hiccoughs, and you slammed the piano until I was afraid you had broken it all to -pieces, and when I went in to see you, you were asleep playing (the piano ,with your feet on the keys, and I could not rouse you. I pulled your ear, even, andfyou called me a dirty consecutive fifth. " The truth dawned on me like a saAh. The managing editor had poisoned me. I ran back to my room, looked at the piano and the E Flat andB Flat strings were broken. Then I went down to the office and found on my desk a letter from the brute who had drugged me saying me, saying, "Dear J : Don't let this happen again. Your article on the "Hysteria of Animalculo as Compared with the Progress of Ieligion Thought in the Sandwich Islands " nearly got into the paper. I know it is the full of the moon, but your instructions were to write an article on " The Potatoes of Humboldt County." It cost four dollars to put the piano in order and a stiff cocktail to put my self in order, but when the managing editor is out of temper now I never play the piano. ID. W. O..N. 