THE PRETTIEST WOMAN IN WARSAW. ' !! ! BY MABEL COLLINS. Author of " An Innocent Sinner," " The Story o f Helena Modjeska," "In the Flower of H^r Youth, &c.;, &c.; j ' CHAPTER XLI. It is a long journey from London to Jassy; and Arthur, though a good traveller, was quite tired out when he arrived there. He felt it was impossible to go straight to the Chateau Roman without a little rest and some attention to his dress. So he drove to an hotel, where he ordered wine and dinner to be got ready for him, while he removed the travel-stains which such a journey produced. As he sat down to the table he told the waiter to order a carriage immediately that dinner was over to take him to the Chateau Roman. "To the Chateau Roman?" said the waiter, lingering. " Is there anything fresh come to light, sir, about the murder?" The man was a Bohemian, but he spoke French perfectly; he was very dirty, but he had the insinuating smile and soft eyes of the gipsy. Arthur drank off the champagne which had just been poured out for him, and motioned to the man to refill the glass. " What murder?" he asked. " Have you not heard, eir ?" exclaimed the man, lost m amazement. " Not heard how Prince Demetri was lost on the night of the great masked ball, and how it was supposed he had been murdered in the forest for the diamonds he wore ! And how at last they found his body buried in the house ! And how the young lady who stabbed him confessed to tbe crime!" " Give me some more wine," said Arthur, unconscious that he spoke angrily. " Who was the young lady ?" " A Polish actress," said the man while he poured out the wine. Arthur interrupted nim by snatching the glass and drinking off its contents. Tne man stared in suryrise, but mentally concluded that Englishme 1 were all more or less mad and Went on with his confidence. It was delightful to have a fresh ear to pour this story into. A " She is very beautiful, so they say, and Prince Demetri, who always admired fine women, made love to her. She didn't like it, and in a fury stabbed him with her dagger. She is the sister of the great Milovitch who married Prince Demetri's cousin— they have a rare spirit, these Polish women, so it is said"— Arthur bad started to his feet. " Where is she ?" he said. " Ma'amselle Milovitch is in America"— " No, no—the other, her sister "— " What, the murderess ? Oh, she is in the prison here; her trial will come on soon. It's a mere form; her confession and the facts condemn her." Arthur had snatched his hat and left the rcom. He rushed out into the street. He k new where the prison was ; he had passed it on his way to the hotel. How little he had dreamed that he should return to it on such an errand.' He hurried there, and demanded to see Zadwiga. Of course he was refused. The governor was not in the prison, and he alone had the power to admit a visitor to Zadwiga. Arthur resolved to wait till hib return. He was exhausted, and in need of food ;_but he forgot everything in the frightful excitement of the moment. He asked permission to wait, and persuaded one of the officials to tell nim more about the tragedy. From him he learned that Earol was also arrested and in solitary confinement; also that Zadwiga had engaged no advocate nor had any been engaged for her. " Why, if she is not defended she will be condemned!" exclaimed Arthur. " Certainly," said the man, " but that will be so in any case. The facts axe dead against her. It is evident that she and the servant committed the murder between ,1 them." I Arthur relapsed into silence and walked restlessly to and fro during the remainder of ( the time he waited. 1 At last the governor of the prison returned and Arthur was taken to his private , room to see him. | Before asking to see Zadwiga Arthur told him that she was his wife; that he had come (! to take her home to England; that it was ;: impossible she could commit a crime—that, ;[ in fact, she was incapable of it. He went on : to say that he must nave the best advocates j in Jassy, that he must send to_ Paris also for 1 one of the famous French advocates; that ! nothing should be left undone to clear Zadwiga, and that of course the whole thing would be shown to be a mistake. As he poured out all that had been passing through his mind in the last hour the governor watched him and saw that he was indeed in earnest, and that he was what he professed to be. When at last Arthur asked permission to see Zadwifia, the governor, after some demur, consented to let him be admitted to her cell and remain there for a quarter of an hour, not have struck him a Becond time—not if I was in my right mind—not if I was in my right mind ! They say I fancied that other person who stabbed him, or that I invented i£—then I must have been mad !" " Tell me juBt how it happened, said Arthur, sitting down upon the mattrass and drawing her gently down to sit beside with a warder on guard. This was to be Arthur's meeting with his wife! , . , He followed the warder in a condition of feverish impatience; every second seemed an hour. Yet when the key turned in the lock his courage appeared suddenly to desert him, and he dreaded the opening of the door. Until it was standing wide he had not the power to enter; then, with a sudden effort he started forward, and heard, in a second, the clank of its closing behind nim. Zadwiga was sitting on her bed, which stood with its side against the waU. She had rested her head and shoulders against the wall, and her arms hung loosely at her sides. Her attitude expressed merely a deep and painful weariness. Her hair was all loose upon her shoulders; she wore a white wrapper, which was scarcely more colourless than her face. Arthur teared, tor a moment, to move._ She looked like one who might be dead with her eyes unclosed, They were fixed on him mth ^strange loot as ff ghe did not understand what she saw. Suddenly a light came into them, she raised her arms towards him, and said the dear wordB she had learned first in English— " My love—my husband 1" Instantly Arthur had her in his arms and for a moment — , there was , , silence. Then r , Zadwiga drew herself back from him and said faintly, '* You know why I am here ? j " It is all some horrible mistake, exclaimed Arthur;" vou did not do it! I " I cannot tell," said Zadwiga, looking at him strangely and drawing herseu away. "All night and all day say to myself, ' Am I guilty or am 1 not euiltv ?' I cannot tell. 'or one mad in- " It is very strange," she said; " they can find no trace of anyone who could have done it. Tell me, Arthur, do I look as if I were mad?" " My darling, you are very lovely, though very pale, poor child ; yout eyes are sweet and true as heaven's own light. There is no madness in you. Believe me, dear, what you heard or saw was no fancy, Tell it all to me, and I will try to underutand it,." They were talking in French. The tenderness of his voice awoke a dormant chord m Zadwiga's heart. Suddenly she said, m English, " I 3an speak your language. I have studied it very well for the sake of your love—but I cannot tell my story i n *'Speak in French, dear," said Arthur hurriedly; "the time is short. I cannot guess how many minutes have already gone. It is sweet to hear you speak English! Quick, dear, and tell me your story ! She began at once, with the gentle obedience of love, to tell him, in French, all she could remember. Just as she told it to Prince Sacha and the magistrate she told it to Arthur. Almost before the last words left her lips the warder threw the door open. " Time's un, monsieur." he said. Arthur had no cEoice but to leave her. He kissed her with a kiss which might have brought life to her lips ; but though they were flame -colour for a second, instantly afterwards they were once more pale and wan. And her head dropped on her breast. For she saw no hope and she almostbelieved herself guilty. CHAPTER XLH. While Zadwiga was thus losing her life and her bloom in prison, hopeless, even, though her husband had come to her, Wanda, in America, was happy in the adoration of her public. Everywhere she was received as a queen of the stage should be— flattered, feted, applauded and _ halfemothered in flowers. It was an existence to drown all thought for those far away, all care of others. That Wanda very often sent her earnest prayers to heaven for Zadwiga, and her love and blessing to her across the ocean was indeed a thing to wonder at. For such etrength as she had in the morning was easily absorbed in seeing some of the sights of the New World ; in the afternoon societyclaimed her for its own; at night she stepped upon the boards and became a queen. 6he was playing French comedy. In the | American^ cities there was a cultivated 1 crowd which understood French well enongh to appreciate the delicate humour ef the words. These always filled the stalls and boxes, and the rest of the theatre was packed with people who came to look at her, to hear her laugh, to see her dance. For Wanda was full of the infectious gaiety which made people delight in watching her face and movements, in listening to her voice. When she stepped upon the stage and cast her triumphant glance upon the crowded* silent, expectant house then her cup was full. This gave life to her, as to some the sea breeze or the mountain air gives it. She knew her strength, she felt her power, and it filled her with a strong delight. Niko was always at the theatre in the evening, and he did not even remain alone in her dressing- room as had been his habii* He stood in the wings, among the actors waiting for the cues, or down by tha prompter at his box. Sometimes when Wanda was on the stage her eyes would rest on Him as he stood there, so close to her, yet; completely hidden from the audience that watched her. Then the cold light would come into her eyes which Arthur had seen there. For Bhe believed that Niko was ab' Bolutely so jealous, so distrustful of her that be watched her even when she Btood in the full glare of the footlights. What a thought! People said, sometimes, how strange it was that over the beauty of Ma'amselle Milovitch's face there passed now and then so hard an expression, apparently without cause. They could not see the _ cause. Wanda observed this incessant spying, ae she called it to herself; but she said nothing. There were no confidences between these two now, though they were continually together. Yet, though she was the centre of attraction*' wherever she went Wanda gave Niko no cause for jealousy. She was too proud or too indifferent for that. She seldom met men like Demetri, who would not be chilled or silenced. Most of her numerous admirers desired a little encouragement, and this she did not give. If some intimate friend had chosen, like Demetri, to make himself a constant visitor to her salon she would have been too indifferent to send him away. Bat her cold glances and reserved air chilled the courage of the most audacious. Thus Niko played the part of the gendarme without apparently any reason to do so. Bat he seemed wonderfully well content with his existence. Sometimes he fell into a profound gloom, when his expression became fierce and repellant; but as a rule he retained the hilarious spirits, the wild gaiety which he bad greeted Wanda in Paris. He was always laughing, always talking, and he seemed to be happiest when he had his arm linked in that of some acquaintance. Indeed, a curious sort of animal-like affection for the near neighbourhood of some human being had developed in him. He hated solitude ; probably most people who have no occupation dislike it. But with Niko this nad grown into a powerful habit. Even when alone with Wanda in one of her proudest moods, he could not now be kept at a distance. He preferred to quarrel with her at close quarters. If they were sitting on the same sofa and she rose and left it, he immediately followed her to whatever new position she had taken up. Sometimes this seemed to Wanda funny and childish, and she would give one of her joyless laughs. But at other times she wondered what it could mean,' this inability of his to endure any kind of isolation. But she asked for no explanation, and he offered none. Indeed, they Beldom talked, now, of matters which, intimately concerned themselves. They treated each other, as a rule, as chance travelling companions might do. What puzzled Wanda most, when she took time to think of it, was that Niko seemed to have buried the past with its bitternesses. He seemed satisfied to forget his old jealousies; he never reproached her now with past falsehoods. He appeared to have put behind him his raging jealousy of Arthur Dene and of Demetri; evidently, unless some new provocation arose, it was possible to live with him in perfect superficial harmony. But there was an unreality about their relations together which bitterly wounded Wanda. She had tasted of something so different, so much sweeter, Mid more real during the first fair months of her marriage. Sometimes a strange idea came into her mind that the unreal part of her life was lived at home; that, by contrast, the characters she played at night were actual and positive compared with that of the affectionate and satisfied wife in which she was seen at her own house. Sometimes she trembled at a feeling which crept over her that her love for Niko was turning into hatred. To be always with a person whom one has loved, yet to feel that all confidence is at an end, is a terrible strain. Sometimes Wanda thought that she herself would give way beneath it, that her mind, her health, would succumb. But she forgot to reckon her ambition. This kept her alive and filled her with vigour. It was her heart that suffered. It aged and withered as does a spring blossom in the cruel east wind. Sometimes she longed so ardently, so passionately, for Zadwiga's tender touch. For the look of Zadwiga/s confiding eyes, that it seemed to her as if her hunger must go like a message across the ocean to the sister she had left behind. Ah, if she could have seen her, if she could have guessed what that sister was enduring ! After that one visit Arthur was not allowed to see Zadwiga again. He passed his time in the office of the oest advocate in JaEsy; he telegraphed to Paris for further - advice; he summoned a French detective who had a reputation for discovering the authors of mysterious crimes. The dayafter he saw Zadwiga he drove out to the Chateau Roman and called upon the Princess Miralda. As usual, she was at her embroidery in the large salon. Since Demetri's death she had grown more religious. She spent much time at her prayers, the rest of the day was given - to the altar-cloth. His unhappy end had certainly cast a shadow on her face. _ She looked older and when alone an air or desolation seemed to fall on her. Demetrr had been the only one of her relations she cared for. He was a man after her own heart. She understood him, and conseauentlv he was a companion whom sue appreciated. Now that he was gone she waa very isolated in her immediate circle. She had an abundance of acquaintances, but no friends. Her affection for Demetri had been very strong; it was born of a similarity o£ taste and temperament. She missed mm out of her life-; she regretted him for his own sake. And she cherished as her sole consolation the bitterest hatred against tiie unhappy girl who had been the cause of his death. Arthur Dene's name conveyed no meaning - to her. She knew directly she saw him that = her visitor was an Englishman. It was impossible for any one who had seen the world . to mistake Artnnr's nationality. CHAPTER XLin. Arthur looked very earnestly at the old • Princess as she rose to receive him. He had no cine to her character but the suggMfaonswhich Wanda had made j her implied contempt for the Roumanian noblesse mast, Arthur arened, centre ui>on the Ghyka family. He supposed that Bhe knew the Princess Miralda better than any of tbe other Ghykas, except her husband." Therefore,hewas on his guard. Yet he had never had : any definite idea given him of Miralda'a . character. He felt a keen interest in seeing ; the woman who had been Zadwiga'B pro-_ tector; he recognised also the importance'of having Miralda upon their side. Hs decided at once, on meeting her keen glance, to tell her who he was. He explained that Zadwiga was his wife, that they had been married 11 Warsaw, ana that he had now come to fetch. his wife 'home to England. " I came in total ignorance of this tragedy which has taken place here," he said; i expected to find my wife well and happy— instead, I find her half-dead, and lying ia a dungeon. It is' extraordinary !" "Not so very I" Answered Miralda,_ returning to her embroidery. "The Milovitch^ have the murdering temperament; they wui yield to no one. You have not seen very much of your wife, I think," she added, with a smile, " you do not know her very well. I have lived with her for some time.' "She is innocent of this deed," said Arthur. " I know her well enough to swear to that!" „ „ ., " Then vou do not know her at all, said Miralda, quietly threading her needle, ''for she committed it. Unhappily for my nephew he admired her; he did not know that her -secret lover was her husband ; he paid with his life for admiring a woman who had set a iiigh price upon her honour. That is the story. Monsieur. It seems to me that you do not play a very excellent part m it. it you had not kept your marriage secret, Demetri would have understood the extraordinary conversion of a little actress into a woman ot principle, and his life would have been ^Miralda made little attempt to soften her words by her voice. She spoke smoothly, and she smiled; but she did not disguise her dislike for Zadwiga. ... .. , „ " I believed you to be my wife s friend, eaid Arthur, making an effort to control himself „ "She has killed my favourite nephew, said Miralda by way of answer. "It is not possible," exclaimed Arthur, " that you can believe tnis !" " I know it," said Miralda. By her own confession she stabbed him in the chest. What she will not confess is that she called Karol to her aid to stab him in the back. I have with my own ears heard Karol swear thai he would kill him. But do not take my word for it unless it pleases you. My head gardener is a Pole and would shield these girls with his life, if he could; I can see in bis face that he believes her guilty, ASK Anuca, my housekeeper. She believes her guilty, and admires her for doing the deal. As for old Karol, his guilt is written on his -face. But he has adopted a wise plan—he will not allow that he saw anything but Uemetri's dead body." ... _ . J «' I most see Karol," said Arthur, who had almost forgotten >n the existence of the old ser- vant in his anxiety about, Zadwiga. "Oh. see him V' said Miralda contemptu ously. "Perhaps he will confess to you! You cannot expect, Monsieur, she said risin" and facing him, "that I should have much affection, for your wife. It is a mistake to mix classes and nationalities. I knew -when my nephew, Prince Niko, announced his marriage with an actress, a Polish peasant girl, that trouble would come. He Is lost to his family, and his place, .his fbatftfln is in ruins, his forests are decaying. He is no longer a Ghyka, but he has become the courier and slave of a wandering actress Her sister comes here into our midst and takeB the lite of the only other heir of our name. I had irilled all my property to Demetri. Now I have no heir. And you expect me to be your wife's friend! No. And with this she swept past him and left the salon, where he remained s tanding alone. Undoubtedly Miralda, once fen enemy, was implacable. He could see that. He save sip all idea of softening her anger, of making •any appeal to her. But he determined before leaving the chateau to see the library in which the tragedy had occurred, and, if posdble, to see Anuca. It was easily done. Anuca was waiting in the corridor, determined to see him closer. She had learned by some mysterious means that this EngUshman was he for whom Zadwiga had smiled, and sighed, and laughed to hereelf so often. She approached him, asking him to let her look at her hand. "For your fortune is bound up with the dear Jia'amselle's," she said. Arthur guessed immediately who she was. He let her look at his hand; he asked her to show him the library. Before they reached the door of it he knew that Anuca believed Zadwiga guilty. "She loved you too well," said Anuca, looking at him earnestly; "that was her fault. She would have died a hundred deaths sooner than be untrue to you. It was less her horror of Demetri than her love for you that made her draw the dagger from her dress. Oh, but she has a brave heart, a brave heart!" " She drew the dagger, yes; she wounded him, and drew a little blood," said Arthur, " but it was not she who killed him." " No," answered Anuca. " She could not have done it. She had not the strength." "Ah !" exclaimed Arthur, "then you do not think she did it!" Karol came to her aid," said Anuca. Karol! every one says KaroL" " Of course," said Anuca. " It is so plain that it was he. He has told me a hundred times that he would kill Demetri like a dog, if \- he insulted his mistress. Karol was always within her call; no one else came near these rooms that night." w'uS&yS; . ,. "Well," said Arthur, gloomily, looking down into the yawning hole in the library which had been Demetn's grave, aU this will come out at tie trial. Poor old Karol will have to pay with his life for his fidelity; \- and my poor child will be spared. They -cannot condemn her to death for inflicting a Anuca anxiously. "Ibelieve he denies all knowledge of how Demetri came by his death. But I have not \- seen him. I will see him, if I can persuade the authorities to allow it, to-day. Bat tell me before I go -. had my poor Zadwiga not one friend among these Ghykas? *' Yes, one moid," answered Anuca. *' Prince Sacha. Yon should see him, for he has great influence. He believed in Ma'amselle all the time ; he came to her with the Magistrate hoping to get some clae that would be a gleam of hope. But instead of that her confession took away all hope !" "Does he live far off?" asked Arthur. ,*' Can I drive on to him " It is a long drive," said Anuca. " But lie may be in Jassy. I know he tried to see Ma'amselle, and he went to the authorities to tell them she was ill, and must be gently used. You had better go to his town house first." " I will," said Arthur. " Now, before I go, let me look into her room." Anuca opened the inner door and showed him Zadwiga's little bed-chamber, so like a nun's cell with its white draperies, its high window, and the open Bible on the readingetand by the bed. " Tell me, Monsieur," said Anuca, " is that English?" " Yes," said Arthur, as he glanced at the •page. " She always had it where her eyes could rest on it when Bhe woke from sleep. She loved the language for your sake, Monsieur. I have heard her Baying words in it that I knew were sweet by her smile ; I have seen her blush as she said them. She was learning to speak her love, that I could tell!" "Poor child," said Arthur, "Imust go; this room unnerves me; it makes me feel as if she were dead!" CHAPTER XLIY. Before he left the chateau, Arthur succeeded with Annca's aid in seeking the Polish head gardener. He found him an enthusiastic adorer of Wanda and her sister; he could not find words strong enough with which to sgeak of them. He gave Arthur the impression that what Miralda had said was perfectly correct; that he would shield -either of these girls with his life were it possible. But he believed Zadwiga to be euilty. Like Anuca, he admired her for it; like Anuca he divided the guilt between Zadwiga and Karol, and regarded them both with & sort of reverence for this crime he held them to have committed. Zadwiga's courage and resolution, Karol's fidelity, these qualities he held to be strongly typical of his unhappy nation; it was to him a source of congratulation that a Polish girl had the courage to use her dagger in self-defence. If Karol and his young mistress were hung, this enthusiast would mourn them as martyrs. Arthur saw that this too ardent friend was useless as an ally; he could only hope that his evidence would not be taken at the trial. Disheartened and discouraged he drove back to Jassy. So far he had found few friends -of Zadwiga's, and these friends might be more dangerous than her worst -enemies. He dared not allow to himself that he was less hopeful than at first; yet he was. • He went to Prince Sacha's to*n house in Jassy and found him there. Sacha received him courteously: and when Arthur explained who he was. ana why he came, this courtesy became cordiality. For the first time since his arrival in the city, Arthur met some one who understood his position and sympathised Kith his distress. Prince Sacha accepted Arthur immediately ; the fact being that he took a liking to him at first sight; and he saw at once the kind of man he was. Miralda had seen enough of the world to know that Arthsr was a man of good birth; but she was prejudiced and blinded by her anger against Zadwiga. Sacha was more sorry for Demetri, now that he had gone, than he could have at all supposed possible before his death. He had only a daughter; and, like Miralda, he regretted that one who bore the name should toe cut down like this, leaving no successor. At the same time he considered that Demetri had brought his end upon himself. * He was hot-blooded, and utter reckless," 4e said. " At any time in Jassy or in Paris it would have been matter of no surprise if he had been killed in some druuken quarrel.' But Miralda could not see tliis. She laid the whole blame at Zadwiga's door. She did not even giant that Zadwiga was justified in defending herself. She had always segarded Demetri as irresistible; and she still held that Zadwiga should have been honoured by his attentions. Sacha was not prejudiced by such an idea as this. He knew that even if Zadwiga struck a fatal blow in self-defence, yet she had been, and was, the sufferer. Arthur told him briefly of his astonishment on arrival in Jassy to hear of this tragedy and his wife's connection with it; he tola hi™ also that he had seen her and heard the story from her own lips. "And! what do you think," said Sacha, " about this other person who she says struck the fatal blow. No one but myself will even listen to her stoiy." "It sounds improbable, at first," said Arthur, " but it is equally improbable that she could have stabbed him in front and then dealt him those blows from behind." " But there is Karol. The accepted version is that she cried out for help, and that the servant completed what she had commenced." , , "I know it," said Arthur. "I have heard it. But it seems to me an equally impossible explanation. Karol's first idea would have been to rescue his mistress, he might have seized Demetri from behind and dragged him away from her. But to stab him, as he lay there, with his blood absolutely flowing upon Zadwiga! only a savage could do such a thing. Believe ir.e, the man who killed Demetri was stronger than old Karol; and was moreover a madman, at all events at the time he did that savage deed. "There is something m what you say, answered Sacha, thoughtfully. "Moreover, added Arthur, after a moment's pause, "Zadwiga absolutely asserts that Karol did not enter the room until after the thing was all over." " I fear," said Sacha, " that will not be accepted as evidence." Arthur was silent. " Take some of the blame of this unhappy affair," said Sacha, with a smile which softened his words. " Secret marriages always bring some misery in their train. How could you expect so lovely and. amiable a girl as that fair wife of yours to keep her admirers at a distance unless she could say that she was married ?" Arthur rose. "I must save her!" was all his answer. "Come and dine with me to-night," said Sacha, eeeing that Arthur was about to leave him. . "A thousand thanks, but I cannot. It is impossible to eat dinners, or even to sit still at a table while she lies in that dungeon !" " What are you going to do now V "To try and get permission to see old Karol, I must hear his story." " I will go with you to the governor of the prison," said Sasha. Very gladly Arthur accepted his companionship ; it took away the sense of isolation which he had hitherto felt in Jassy. And he soon discovered that Sacha was a very powerful and useful friend. Without very mnch difficulty he obtained permission to vis't Karol in his celL He found the old man profoundly dejected. His welcome was quite startling.^ Karol sprang to his feet when he saw his visitor and then immediately fell upon his knees and thanked heaven for its mercy. "She will not diefriendless and alone now, be said, as he raised himself again, " it was ; my one prayer that you would come and be with her at the end. But I never hoped for it—I dared not hope for it" " Dont speak like that, Karol." said Arthur hastily, "as if she were already judged and condemned! You have grown gloomy and despondent in this solitude." "Yes, Monsieur, 1 know I have," answered Karol; " the solitude is awfuL But I never saw any chance for her from the hour she confessed." . . "Karol," said Arthur, my time with you is very short; and you must forgive me if I speak out. In any case you know I am your friend, and will put all the machinery of the law to work to save you. But I can do nothing unless I know the truth. Tell me, Karol, was it you who gave the Prince those fatal blows from behind ?" \- ' No, Monsieur. As I hope for heaven s mercy, it was not. I did not enter the room until all was over. I heard no cry, nor did I guess my mistress was in any trouble. When 1 went in I found her on the floor lying in a pool of the Prince's blood. He was dead." Arthur looked at him very earnestly. "Then there was another, an unknown assassin f' \- For a moment Karol made no answer, Then he said, in a strange tone— " Who will believe that ?" "Karol," said Arthur, with emphasis, " tell me exactly what is your own idea about how it happened ?" Karol's eyes remained fixed on the ground, and he seemed uneasy. Presently he said— The Prince's body lay at her side when I entered," he said; "if he fell upon her, as she says, it must have shifted afterwards.' ** I see," exclaimed Arthur, suddenly drawing a deep breath. " You think it was all her doing." "I can't explain it in any other way, Monsieur," answered KaroL "Certainly. Demetri was a strong man, and he could have disarmed her in a moment. But then she took him at a disadvantage—suddenly, and in the dark. He tripped and fell—before he had time to rise she had put her dagger in his back. He died like a dog ; he was worse than any beast, that Prince. And my young miBtress has a brave heart." Arthur gazed in his face a moment before he spoke. " My poor Zadwiga," he said, she has no friend." " Monsieur," said old Karol, " I would die for her at this moment." " Yet you can believe her capableof asavage murder and of obstinate falsehood! You, who have known her all her life!" "She had to defend herself, Monsieur," answered KaroL " And this," thought Arthur, "is the result of oppression ! This man thinks crime and deceit justifiable in one who is weak and wronged. Heaven help my poor child ! Her friends are indeed her worst enemies i" "Karolj" he said aloud, " if this were so L do yon think your mistress would not confess fully lather than see you suffer for her deed?" " I have thought of that, Monsieur, don't think she realized how close the investigation would be. She never guessed that they would disbelieve her story and suspect me. Probably she does not know it now." "Perhaps not," exclaimed Arthur, "itI can see her again I will tell her." " No, no, I implore you, as you love her, Monsieur! She will confess then and undo all. As it stands now I am the greatest criminal, and there is just a hope that they will not condemn her to death. I am prepared at the trial to confess." Arthur gazed at him in amazement. To his straightforward mind this combination of devoted fidelity and of duplicity was simply astounding. "I would stake my existence upon Zadwiga's truth," he said, after a pause. "She did not strike those blows herself. There is another who is the criminal. It is impossible, apart from her denial of it, that she could have committed such a savage attack. I may get some clue even yet. I have detectives at work in every direction." "They have learned nothingyet, Monsieur?' No, they have learned nothing vet." " Nor will they. Prepare yourself for that. Don't depend on the hope of discovering something new. You must save her life, Monsieur, but it won't be that way. Set our lawyers to work, Monsieur ; your hope Ses with them, not with the detectives." He spoke eagerly, earnestly. He evidently believed firmly that he was giving the best possible advice. Arthur left him, more disheartened than ever. There was no gleam of hope, that he conld see, on any side. And as the days passed the hopelessness of the prospect grew heavier. Arthur was fighting single-handed; he alone, in all Jassy, believed in Zadwiga. His advocate openly allowed to him that the result of the trial was certain, however great the eloquence of those who pleaded Zadwiga's cause might be. And no new discovery was made ; nor was there even any sign of a new clue. Every hour, every day, dragged on slowly, cruelly, nearer to the time when Zadwiga would be publicly tried. Arthur forgot his home, his mother, everything in his agony of mind. Night and day one idea alone filled his mind—was there no way to save the woman he loved ? CHAPTER XLV. Wanda was buttoning her long gloves, standing in front of the mirror in her dressing-room. It was a pretty little room, luxuriously fitted—an admirable place_ to dress in, for its colours were dark and rich, and showed off Wanda's Mr beauty. Her dress was a triumph of a great French milliner ; the white silk petticoat fell in heavy plaits from her waist, and innumerable yards of Indian muslin clouded, while it revealed, her figure.- Even artists, who/as a rule, object to the forms of French dressmaking, were enthusiastic about the grace of this costume. Its outline was delicious; its draping perfect. Wanda looked admirably lovely in it, and the consciousness 'of this gave her an additional grace of J coquetry. A young girl looks best when she is unconscious of her beauty; but such a woman as Wanda is more brilliant when she knows that her appearance is perfect. To-night there was a flush on her cheeks beneath the rouge; it was the flush of triumph; a colour as natural and healthful to those who have earned it as the roses brought by the west wind into the face of a country beauty. Wanda had received a sort of ovation after the last act; her maid had to be summoned to carry the bouquets which were thrown her, to her dressing-room. The table was laden with them ; the air of the room was rich with the scent of flowers. As Wanda fastened the last button of her glove she turned to her maid— . " Give me that bouquet of pointsettia, she said • " the scarlet will look brilliant with this white dress. I shall carry it instead of the flowers I brought with me.'" Niko had just entered the room and was sitting on the couch behind her. " You cannot do that," he said ; "it would be too marked a compliment to the person who threw it." " Cannot I ?" said Wanda very deliberately. She was still looking at herself in the glass, but she could see the reflection of Niko's figure behind her, and caught the fierce gleam from his eyes. Her own flashed brilliantly. "I do not know who threw it. Look inside it, " she said to her maid ; " perhaps there is a card or a note." She said it on the merest chance, simply to grovoke Niko. While the maid opened the owers and looked among them Wanda continued to touch her dress here and there, and then remarked as Bhe did so— " This costume is certainly a success. It is worth the hundred guineas it cost. I must order another soon, for it will quickly soil. I shall wear it to the supper to-night," she added, turning from the mirror, " and carry the pointsettias. I suppose I can do so there ?" You will go then ?" said Niko. Yes ; I feel inclined to ;" she answered. " Then I will go home and dress," he said. Wanda had become very capricious in her moods. She madea hostof engagements which she never kept. She would not decide until the last moment whether she intended to go out or no: and ISiiko had to be ready to fall in with her whim of the moment. He did not complain of this. He was always agreeable and was much liked in society; but he seemed indifferent to it. When Wanda chose to go, he was ready to accompany her. Just as he spoke the maid gave a little exclamation and drew out from the bouquet a tiny case. Wanda uttered a cry of delight, and snatching it from her, opened it; within it lay a lovely diamond hoop-ring. "I have a lover!" cried Wanda, clapping her hand as if in childish delight. " Oh, who can it be ? I must find out! This is delightful. What a beautiful rra&!" She held it up to admire it at the light, when suddenly as shedid so.itwasstruckout of her hand and rolled upon the floor. She remained motionless, her hand still laised, her eyes fixed upon Niko's face, He stood before her transformed by rage. He looked as if in another instant he would strangle her; it seemed as if he did not do so simply because his rage overmastered him and made him powerless. The maid shrank away alarmed; she crept round ready to run to the door and call forlielp ; for she expected each instant that Niko would attack his wife. The moment's horrible silence was broken by a knock at the door. "Mademoiselle Milovitch, the stage waits. Wanda, without taking her eyes from Niko's, dropped her hand on the dressingtable and took up the bouquet of white flowers which she liad brought with her to the theatre to carry in this act. Then, still without relaxing her gaze, she moved past Niko andwentoutat the door. Itwasasifshe had controlled the rage of a wild animal by that steady gaze. When she disappeared Niko fell back upon the couch as if he had been knocked down. _ He had but one idea in his mind ; the crisis had come. He could no longer keep his fierce jealousy silent. . The maid looked at his face and then picked up a handkerchief as an excuse to follow her mistress to the wings. She was afraid to be alone in the room with Niko. She was so hasty that she overtook Wanda at the wings. *—3 "Tell Monsieur Ghyka, when you go up again" stud Wanda, " that I shall be ready to go to supper as soon as the curtain is dropped." The maid lingered as long as she dared, watching Wanda from were she stood in the wings. Then she went slowly upstairs to the dressing-room. Niko was still sitting in the same attitude. She stood in the open doorway and gave Wanda's message. " I will go and dress," said Niko, speaking as if he hardly understood his own words. But he rose and gloomily went out of the room and downstairs. He had to cross the stage behind the scenes in order to reach the stage-door: as he did so he caught a glimpse of Wanda's brilliant, graceful figure on the stage. He muttered some words which must have besn a curse by the look on his face as he said them. Meanwhile the maid was busy searching the floor of the room for the diamond hoop. When Wanda returned to her dressingroom, followed by the sound of thunderous applar.se, the ring was lying on the dressing table. "Was there no card in the bouquet?' she said to her maid. "\es, madame," she replied, "I have found it since. It is here." Wanda took it up and read the name. As she did so the flush on her cheeks grew shade deeper and her eyes glowed. It was a great name. A sense of triumph made her eart beat taster. She put the ring quietly down upon the dressing table. " Put it back in its case," she said, " make it into a parcel, and address it to the name on the card. Do it now, and I will send it back to-night. (Jive me a handkerchief to take off my make-up." With great care Wanda wiped off the rouge and powder and creme de lTmperatrice which three hours ago she had so artistically laid upon her face. She left no trace of it save the least darkening of her eyelashes. Her cheeks had a colour of their own tonight ; triumph made them flush; while the anger in her heart against .Niko for his ready jealousy made her eyes glitter and gleam like those of some enraged animaL She had never looked more lovely, perhaps never so fascinating. By the time she was ready the little parcel was made up. Wanda took it in her hand and went downstairs. At the door of the greenroom she hesitated a moment and looked around her. Presently she saw someone who would suit her purpose. It was the prompter; a cheerful little man who worshipped all leading ladies on principle and adored a "star" actress as a creature from another planet, " You could dome such a favour," she said, with her most delicious smile. " Would it be possible to you to leave this at the house in Fifth-avenue? I cannot go myself and I do not want to send one of my servants. It is very near, I believe." She had resolved on this mode of sendiu for she had observed her maid glance covetously at the magnificent ring. " With the greatest pleasure, madame. pass close hy there. And you know I would go a very long way to do anything you wanted. \ " A thousand thanks," said Wanda, graciously. She had long ago found oat that it was worth while to be kind to those beneath her. The consequence was that she was adored at the different theatres she visited. Few leading ladies take the trouble to be polite to the servants of the theatre, and Wanda's kindliness seemed the greater by contrast. She went across the now dismantled stage, well satisfied with what she had done. She knew that the little prompter was the soul of honour, and would execute her commission immediately. She knew also that he would be a more trustworthy witness than her maid, did she want any evidence that the ring had been returned. At the stage-door her brougham was waiting for her. When she entered it she found Niko was there, sitting dark and gloomy in the corner. As they drove away they passed the front of the theatre; the brilliant light streamed into the carriage and showed the bouquet of pointsettias in Wanda's hand, Niko Bnatched it from her and flung if through the window of the carriage into the mud of the street. Wanda leaned back with an air of complete indifference. You are very polite." she said. " 'Where is the ring ? he aski-d. I have not got it," she said; and then added very quietly,I have returned it." " I donot believe you !"burst fromNiko ;and then he silenced himself with an effort. He was in a condition when for her to assert thing was enough reason for him to disbelieve it. But he realized that he was almost mad. He tried to keep himself in check till he was cooler, but as tney passed beneath a strong light he saw a smile on Wanda a lips which made him unable to keep his words back. ' • If you are deceiving me—if you have that rins upon your hand—I will kill you !" Wanda made no answer. She sat still and silent and the smile died away on her lips. She felt that her existence was becoming unendurable. Such a condition of things could not oontinue. There was the thought in both minds, as they sat silent, that it was impossible any longer to maintain the mockery of happiness in their life together, Both resolved than an end must be put to the wretched existence they were leadiag. It was a terrible feeling; and anda was pale when she stepped out of the carriage. Her scarlet flowers had gone, the rouge from her cheeks, the flush of triumph had alike gone. She looked like the ghost of the brilliant creature who had electrified crowded audience a short time ago. "Oh husband, husband, Fanny has run away with the kcoachman." " Good! (rood! It's aU the fashion, my dear. Now we will be the talk of the town, and cur names will be in the papers." " But you don't understand." " Yes, I do ; and I'm glad of it, I tell you." But I don't mean our daughter Fanny." " Whom the deuce do you mean, then"' "Why, the new horse, Fanny." "Oh, thunder, it as bad as that! Where's my hat ? Quick. This is a pretty mess." PLANTATION PHILOSOPHY.—De halthiest lookin' men is sometimes de soones' ter die. De bigges' tree is de one whut am aptes' ter be holler. It ain" no use for some men ter try ter be great. It doan'c make no difference how much a mouse eats, he neber will be a rat. Dar's dig difference twixt men and wimin—Er 'oman tries to make her heart show on her face ; de man tries to make his rains show on his countenance. De trouble is dat de 'oman ain't alius got a heart, an' de man ain't alius got a mine. 