Ladies Column "John Bull's Daughters." THE remarkable success attained in England as well as France by "John Bull et son Ile" has encouraged Mr. Max O'Rell to work the lucky vein a little further, and he discusses another and peculiarly interesting aspect of the same theme in "Les Filles de John Bull." Mr. Max O'Rell contends that the French woman is more graceful and piquant than the English woman, but he admits that she is less healthy and less fresh-looking. Her eyes are more vivacious, her mouth much prettier, and her figure much more elegant; but her skin is less white and of a much coarser grain. Walking and bathing—that is the secret of English women's health and beauty. They are not afraid of shower-baths or of draughts of air. They sleep with the window open, and, on rising, drench themselves with cold water. In winter time the most timid will dip a sponge into water, wring it out and rub themselves from head to foot to stir the circulation of the blood, until their skin cries mercy. With the appetite thus whetted they come down to the breakfast-room fresh and vigorous, and make a substantial meal of eggs and cold beef, and then go out into the open air to walk or play lawn-tennis. Subsequently the physical attractions of John Bull's daughters are subjected to a more detailed analysis. The author reiterates that —an English woman's skin is usually fine-grained, deliciously white, and velvety; It reminds you of alabaster, satin: her neck is like a swan's. The hips and shoulders are frequently too narrow, and, unluckily, the bosom is too often an imponderable quantity in the enumeration of an English woman's beauties. Of the marked difference between French women and English women in respect to gait and bearing, Mr. Max O'Rell says: The English woman walks with her arms dropped, and bears her weight upon her heels; the French woman walks with her arms bent, and bears her weight upon her toes; 'tis more graceful, but less convenient. In my last journey to Paris I noticed with pleasure that the high pointed heel, thrust under the middle of the sole, was beginning to give place to the English heel; 'tis a decided sign of progress. There is another thing in which the writer thinks his countrywomen might copy to ad- vantage their English neighbours: The English women dress their hair with much simplicity, even for balls. I admire that. Their hair, a little tumbled on the crown of the head and knotted in thick coils behind the neck, pleases me far more than those complicated monuments fastened up with pins, the products of the wild imagination of Master Isodore or some other modish capillary artist Then we are recalled to the main theme, and reminded that —all the luxury of an English woman's toilet is reserved for the evening, for balls, for dinners, or for the theatre. In London, a play-house auditorium offers a far more brilliant spectacle than an analogous place in Paris. 'Tis an ex- tremely pretty sight, all those boxes and orchestra- stalls filled with elegant toilets; to my eyes, indeed—if I except the Opera and two or three other theatres, the Lyceum, the Haymarket, and the St James's—it is the most interesting feature of a London play-house to a Frenchman, even though he be familiar with the language. Evening dress is not optional, but rigidly com- pulsory; unless you have seats in the third or fourth gallery, the female ushers, before letting the ladies who are with you pass into the auditorium, make them withdraw to a dressing room to remove their bonnets. Mr. Max O'Rell, like Hawthorne, is con- founded at the quantity of nourishment that English women require, or which, at all events, they manage to consume. He lays before the reader a minute account, from an article in the National Review by Lady John Manners, of tho copious and numerous repasts enjoyed by the daughters of John Bull. These reflections lead the writer to descant at length upon the small attractions possessed by middle-aged women in England. The fact is (he says) that in the fashionable drive of Hyde Hark you see but few pretty women, if you except the fair and rosy children, who are delicious, you will hardly see in the car- riages any but peevish stolid faces, that cast at you a listless and almost stony glance. They are the faces of boa-constrictors absorbed in the func- tions of digestion. For the feminine beauty in which the Eng- lish stock is so rich, you must, we are told, go elsewhere. Would you regale your eyes with pretty faces, rosy, tempting, and fresh as daisies; would you watch them file past you by hundreds, go saunter down Regent-street, Oxford-street, New Bond- street, Piccadilly, between 9 and 10 In the morn- ing. There you will see the prettiest thing that John Bull can offer you in the way of national products. The finest specimens of English women are the shop-girls in the large silk goods, dress- making, and millinery establishments. The great English tradesmen, who are intelligent fellows, will only give employment in their shops to young, pretty, well-made, and well-mannered women; and the sight of these independent, reputable, and even distinguished-looking girls hieing at morn by thousands to their occupations is one of the most pleasing and edifying spectacles of the immense metropolis. From the shop-girl the transition is easy to the British barmaid. The fashionable shops are not the only places where the handsomest feminine article of English manufacture is on view. The bar-rooms and res- taurants are full of them, and the finest samples, too. Messrs. Spiers and Pond, the famous restau- rant keepers, have legions at their call. These superb daughters of Albion emerge, it is true, from an inferior social stratum, but they have good manners, and, for the most part, are supremely handsome. Their virtue is not so savage that they cannot bear the eye of man, or permit as well, now and then, to indulge in the ghost of a flirtation, as she hands him his glass of beer or grog; but women who will submit to work, standing on their feet from 10 in the morn- ing until midnight for thirty shillings a week, are incontrovertibly respectable. A modest income in the case of a woman young and handsome, is a certificate of virtue. Regarding Prince Henry of Battenberg, whose approaching marriage with the Princess Beatrice was announced in last week's cable- grams, the Queen says:—Within the last few years three sons of Prince Alexander of Hesse, the cousin of the reigning Grand Duke of Hesse- Darmstadt and Field-Marshal in the Austrian army, have come into prominent notice. They take their title as Princes of Battenberg from their mother, Princess Julie, daughter of Count von Hancke, formerly Minister for War in Poland. Five children were the issue of their father's marriage. Prince Henry was born in 1858, and is a lieutenant in the 1st Regiment of Rhenish Hussars. Prince Henry is a man of distinguished appearance, well educated, and highly accomplished, a thorough soldier, and a great favourite with his fellow officers. For some time it had been no secret in court circles that there existed a sincere attachment between Princess Beatrice and Prince Henry, and that it only wanted the con- sent of the Queen to a formal betrothal. The engagement was announced on New Year's Eve, and communicated to the Privy Council at Osborne on the following Tuesday. Prince Battenberg had arrived during Christmas week on a visit to his brother, Prince Louis, at Kent House, Cowes, and was almost daily invited to take drives with the Queen and the Princess Beatrice in the vicinity of Osborne, and to dine at the castle. The news of the engagement, it is needless to say, was received with sympathe- tic interest throughout England. 