vav)eneir.:7-;v'-;iv';-- v ' 3Tlirce V7cclts in Sou£Itfai2<3, N.E; By Fiunk Montuv (ContiriiiciL) .. . From Kincoton to Quconotowo tho oconcry ia comparatively tamo for La!to Waktip ; ftltbouRb, if tho touriat wera to limit hie ox- onroion to Qaccnatown, ho woald probably \- bo uridor tbo imprcaoion that tho Bprgcs aQd mountains tuas no paseca m xoyio\y na mo httlo Mountaineer stoamed on its way wbro ; ta!cxablo BpccImcna of naturo under. diCQoul. ; ticaV ' Bvcry quarter of a milo or so a minia- 1 turo casoado would como tumbling down from tho mountains, and somo of them . never reached tho Lako at all bat verofrozon in their cource, and remained hanging liko a . oilvcr thread partly lost amid tho . donsp growth! of cabbago palms, tarns, 'and comb, ' wjiich clothcd tho v.'e3tern olopo of tbo moan taino from tho water's edgo, Altboogh Tennysob, ;bo far as I. know, nover visited Iiako Wakatip,4bo baa doaoribed tha nppcaranco of thoao tiny rivulets to por- . fcotion in tbo Iioto j Batora— ' . , Bike n Eilver thread tho olondcr otrcam end pauco, andfallagain did oceju." Aboufehalf-way between Kingston and Qasono- town tho river Looby comes tumbling down agloomy gorgo, guarded by two snow-capped mountains, whioh stand liko sentinels watdh lug tho rivar as it raolics over its shingly bed to minglo its waters with tbo mighty \V"aliatip. This is called Half-way. Bay—a vory prosaic namo for tbo first.romnbtia spot whioh greets tho travollcr on hia: way to tho.J'mbro yor- gcouo Bconcry at tho hoad of the laka,. ' - ; In tho mcantimo tho littlo Mpuntamer u Btcaming along past tho snow-oapped moun- ; taina which appear to cloco in behind ' hor, and: in front, preaeat an impcnotrablb -wall, whero . ( Hills prop o'cr hills, and Alpa oa . Alpa „ axiBol""-- — ';. ' until tho very Brahdourtof the aeano becomes, monotonous, and I : descend Into tha littlo. .cabin, .where I find my commercial friend sound asleep over a yellow baos hovel, on tbo crimson cushions of tho cosy littlo saloon , . I also' endeavor to becomo , interested in, a Frouoh( noyol which . I ;had. picked up pro- misciiounly fn a.'Sydn'oy.bookatallj and if tho novel was not quito bo enthralling as tha title of LuFcmmo do Giro " would lead ono to expect,, it woo certainly amusing to read a Frenchmah'fl. opinions; of tho " ladiet and : gentleman Netc-YorkaiB," . .which werd . per haps moro original than corrdct, ; According to' this Voracious Frenchman the averngo " gentlckan : New-Yorhait " . mar ries ono week and is divorced tho next.. Hia lifd.iea ohoioo: mlxtoro'.of -;trud rcligionidnd brandy cock- tailfl, tempered 41 avec lo.re- volver.'! \- Tho. hero of this bhbico apcoimcn.of Qaolio literature is ono James Gobson, who in tho opening chapter playfuliy knocks, ono of h>9 wifo'a tcoth out, and artistically outs off her loft ear.' . Ho then disnppcars into tbo Hooky mountains,' from whenco lio despatches a baud of.Itcd Indiaue, who: capture his wife from '.the'. .'centra ' of . a . circle; of admiring friends who, at her invitation, aro enjoying tbo dob'ghto of M uu.baZ mdtquil" Tho body of . a woman is subsequently found floating in thd river, and is iclestifledas Miss IdaJUckard (othortvieo Mro. Gobaoh) ' By the way, Mrs. Gobaon is always called JLTiif Ida, which ia an additional proof of the authorB familiarity, with American manners and customs. James Gobaon is suspected of being tho morderor of bis' wifo, whose' euppoacd body lias been identified; mid ho ia about to ba orrcatcd when bo coolly walks into thd detcctivo offico with a cigar in his mouth. ' In spito of his assertions that Ida lliokard is still alive, ho is about to bo haugodj.to; tho great satififaotiou of a Yankee mob. who. aro yelling for his blood, when Ida Iiiokard herself turns up. ThO. living. Ida IUckard and tbo doad Ida Rickard aro as. much aliko as Ctosar und Pompoy ; and tho now-comeris also minus a tooth and on car in a precisely similar man ner to tho corpse. The supposed murderer, James Gobaon, ia now released, amid' tho en thusiastic acclamation of tho mob which, only fivo minutes before, was howling for his blood. Then tho . divorced Mr. and Mrs. Gobson aro re-married, and iho presumption Is that tho playful .Gobson will . now proceed to cutoff his vma's'othcr car and knockout another tooth or ao, in tho 'acoustomod man ner of tho %l gentlemen Nete-Yorkau" But a pretcrnaturatly acuta detcctivo, William Bow, still pcroists. in behoving thai James Gobaon AlilD I1UIVU JUil nuu , nu uu, MUD U UUPk Ul UU dead Ida IUokord taken , In wax; . and this "Femme de Cire " plays a very im portant part in anravelling tbo mysteries of tho rather ghastly story. It appears that James Gobson, who most have been n?cry nice man for a small tca-party.'had killed hfa wife, and married his deccaecd wifo'a sister. Then he had cut off bis deceased wifes siatcr'a oar, , and knocked out ono of his deceased wifo'a aistcr's teoth in order' to mako tho ra Bomblanco of tho twin sisters more' exact. Then bo rc- marriea hki deceased wlfo'o eistor, pretending that sho is his deceased wife, whom ho thus practically' demonstrates not to bo doccascd at all. In tho long'ran, of coarse,. James Gobson is hangod; 'but it would havo beon much hotter if ho had bean banged, in tho .first chapter, both for the. writer and reader of this' rexnarkabla novol. Bat whilo ; my friend tho commercial 'is snoring on ono side of tho littlo 'saloon, and I am trying to becomo intorebted' in. this gory; tragedy , on tho 'other, the Monntaiueor .id speeding on hor woy to ; QucenBtown,'' and' from !tho littlo windows of tho Balopn,T;tcan 8oo that wo inrp stiU passing . gloomy;: gorges find snow-capped mountains, which. appear to begetting wilder find moro ragged the farther we proceed. We reach Queeostown fibout '-l o'clock, find a most aharming little; hamlet , it looks with tho littlo .white houeca,;putting one in knind of a township of Liliput/pn tho, ehorea of a ' perfeot Uttlo miniature . bay, .backed by mountains of brbbdingnagion pro- iportions; " ; As our steamer slowly made, for the litilo jotty we had tiino to take a good viow of tho little' town and its sdrroundinga befpre gotting' too oloso to Ioso.tho offeot of tho scene ' as a, iwholc ' ' .'To bur right, as wo sfeahied'in, was fi sort of Uttlo peninBUla, planted with. bIuol;pame' ja trcc which seems to flourish hotter in -Now Zealand', than in Australia i: and, indeed I 1 question whether the Tfismaniau blue gum fa' not quite as muoh . at homo .in Now Zoola'nd as in itB native island.: ' Asiwe1 stahd oil the .dock of the steamer - and look oyer tho littlo peninsula which helps to form tho littlo bay,' ; our view is stopped by a rugged mountain' 'mass whioh shoots straight up from tbp water, and looka like'a gigantio oross-cat saW with' tcoth 6,000 feet nigh, pointing skyward, And. over which some playful Titans had scattered flodr' in /Dpprt. Theeo are " the Bomarkable fountains ; " but why>they Should be more romarknblo than he 'ten -'thbusahd othor mountains which are visible fit tho same time,' it is hard to Bay. Thoy are certainly 'rriggod, and steepi' find razor booked ;:! with angry looking blaok . teeth jutting out of tho pnro : iWhite nnow whicn vainly triea to oung to tho smooth, shining Burfacb, springing up almost perpendicularly until lost in the- clouds ' find: mists; They are' old find ' haggard -looking \ scarred and eoamdd, find torn with iho storms and tempests, and frosts of - ton million years or mo'ro ; but : thoy fire ' ho moro remarkable than any one;1 or any ten thousand other mountains whioh orowd and jostle eaoh other for standing room around Lake Wakatip.' 1 '- .; By this timo wo1 aro at the Qacenstown whorf, find a large proportion of tho inhabi' tahts of Qacenstown, in- tho shape of two men find a boy, are thereto witness our disembark fitiodv -'v.'",. ; ; :.,;- ; , i Half of Vtho'7 entiro paesQngdr 'liBt.bf. tho. Mbuntaihoor, from Kingston to'.Queonstowni leavo'tho atcamer at tho latter port, when my friend the Commercial steps:on shore.- Ho.i bound for tho Arrow, a mining township about fifteen miles further on, and , the centra of a considerable diggings, about \yhioh; the name; of the Bhotovor reoalla familiar reoolloetions. But beloro he goes wo adjourn to Eiohardt's hotel, whoro wo drink our first whisky since leaving 'the Elbow. The! honpitablo.'-and motherly landlady welcomco my tr a veiling companion as an old acquaintance! ; tmd ns I havo only a limited timo at my command, sho advices mo to go on by tho boat to tho head of tho Lako, and return to .Quccnatov/n by tho Barah-Janc, another of the. Wakatip steam boats. ! At 5 o'clock, then,- tho third v/hiatlo of - tho Mouutaincor (wliich.by tho way, sounds moro liko a fog-horn) breaks the silanco, and rover- borotefi from tW hills, and advieoa all pas sengers to embark, : ! " < . It was nearly dork when wo backed away from the, QueenBtown wharf. The.; mists were gathering thick' upon tho mountains; find these snow-draped giants looked lihd so many ghosts brooding ovor somo black tarn in a gigantic spirit land. .Now wo aro owal>- lowcd up ia tho darknesB, and tho last lights of QuoanBtown havo' disappeared; With nothing ..visible but tho . inky blaok water, of whioh ono ia only concoioua by tho percep tion of au added blaokncco, and. an occasional glimpsQ .ot a ghostly something on our right, whioh, disappearing stornward, wo prcsumo to ' bo tho rocky shoro of ' the lako ; within beach, - almost,- of an < outstrotohed- hand; while high abovo.onr. head; and apparently overnrohing tho lake, and rcaohing. out to roe;t p&oh;, other- ia thtr gloom/ aro, :hugo masses of darkness yieiblo; these we instinc tively accept as tho mountains everlastingly towering to tho sky, nud now only visible be cause moro blockly invisible than tho murky vault abovo them. In such n scane fin this it most havo been that Edgar Allan Poo coucciycd his mystical poem, l)lajumQ:— ' ; Tho skieo.tboy wore ashen and sqbor;'; J . Tho leaves thoy were orisp6d and eeret V; 'Tlio leaves thoy wore withering andcqro ; ; ' It.was night in tho lonccomo October Of my most immemorial year. It was hard by tho dim lake of Aubor, - - In tho misty raid rcgidn of Weir— f . ; > / It was down by the dark tarn of Anber, Intlio ghoul-haunted woodland ot Weir.1', ; <. In sncli a sqeno as this tho poot wandered "through an alloy Titaiua of oypress": with Psycho. bis soul. But it .rcquirea the sonl ot fi poot io extract tho .hidden -beauties 'of- such a.econo as this. Hidden thoy are Indeed; forthoro.io absolutely nothing but darkness .risible, unless what, may bo visible , ! to the mind's eyo, Horatio." . But hero comes tho captain, who,1 up to this point, has bccn upoii tbobridgo,.nndwo get into conversation about things in general , and Lako Navigation in partioular.,.,.. - v . The ohip's certificate, hanging at tho head of tho companion-way, gives us tbo: following information about ,our oaptain and his veasclt-r ;. ; Namo of, tho steamer Monntaineer . 1 Portof registry : Dunedin. i ! Namo of master: Edward Thomas Wing. , ; Registered tonnago: C6. , . v . And'l- may -as weU-ooknowlcdgo at once that I was very muoh; exercised in my mind as to tbo reason why such a good seaman who, liko Captain Coroor&u;, has " sailed tho ocean bluo , and who, moreover, is a gonial, worthy gentleman, Bhould bo' content to navigate Lako Wakatip in a toy ote&mor.; But Captain Thomao Wing knows what ho is about, and doubtless ho has good and potent reasons for sticking to a post which ^cer tainly Ices prolltablo than otkors. that ho might cosily aspiro to. ' It is not to bo sup- 'posed that navigating Lako Wakatip is loss difficult than intercolonial navigation. Under certain conditions, I ohoald think it would ;bo muoh more hazardous. Hero wo aro now steaming along fall speed - in pitchy darkness withoot a solitary, light or land mark visible.: On our right is s rocky waU plunging down into unfathomable depths. Wocaunot eco tho rocky shorcbut we know, or at least suppose, it ia within say four hun dred yards of oar starboard bow. On oar left is anotbor rocky wall, springing from equally unfathomable depths. Thcso two rocky walls aro constantly altering their position in no- cordanco with tho serpentina twists of the lako— or rather tho lake altera to suit their contortions. Right in front of us, and stretching scrota tho lake from wall to wall— wo cannot say from shoro to shore, as thcro is praotioally no shore— aro &: series of rooky islands, through whioh, in tho blackness of darkness, tbo . captain, by somo sort o! blood instinct or inspiration, has to thread -his way, Ocean navigation ia mcro child's play to this. Horo, .ton minutes' steaming in & wrong dircotioo, cr past a certain point, (which point in tho darkness con only bo guessed at), and tho vessel is hurled upon a wall ot .rock; and if oha wcro tho Great Eastern herself eno would bo swallowed up, andlcavo not a ripplo on tho surfaco in less than fivo mioutes. There, oat in tha high ecus, it tho contain is dubious of bis position, ho can turn bis vessel's head towards tbo South Polo, or wherever ho likes . Into illimi tibia waters, and steam away with safety, until daylight.; . (To be continued.) 