Tbo Domestic Horvnil Ctrlc- ''.i vhncc. (Dp Iris tn the Melbourne Lender .) ; Novor before ' in tho annals of Mel bourne society bavo mistrcssos boon in suoh a plight for want of domestic servants as thoy are at present. If things continue to go on as thoy are doing, tho raco of servants will bocomo oxtinct, and wo shall all havo to do tho worn oi our oira iioubouoius. xioe nny unprejudiced porson glnnco at tho columns of advertisements which appear in The Age nnd other dailios under the heading of "Situations vacant," nnd thon say whotlior there is demand for servants or not. Whcrovor you go you are mot by despairing mistresses with tho samo tnla of wrongs suffered at tho linnds of refractory domestics, and their inability to procure successors of nny kind to the aforesaid refractory ones for " lovo or monoy." Somo of the ill-used mistrcssos will unfold talcs that will make your hair stand on end with fright, and you feel that in somo respects at least it is batter to bo without any servant nt all notwithstanding the ninny inconvcnioncos that .havo to bo ondurod. In tho homo papore wo read a groat deal on tho subject of assisted emigra tion, and we are given statistics which sot us wondcriug. In 0110 pnpor I rend tho other day that 4000 women havo emigrated to t o colonics by means of tho socioty for - assisting oinigrntion during tho last twolvc years. Well, wkerovor thoy go, they do not come to'Victoria, that is certain. If there is such a preponderance of women in tho British Isles, why don't thoy sond us some to Melbourne ? For there nro 110 young women hero, they' are all " young ladies," and thoy will toll you that thoy prefer "being employed as machinists, factory girls, tniloresses — in fact anything rather tlinu sorvnnts. Poor girls, if tlioy only know it, ninny of them would lie far better off in a ro- Bpectablo homo as h servant, and they would enjoy more real comfort. When ovor a controversy commences on tho subject, of tho treatment of servants, there nro always somo champions on tho sido of tho domostics who will nssnre yon tlmt it is all tho fault of the mis tresses if thoy cannot keep their servants. Buttlintis all nonsonso, for though suoh may bo and is tho easo with a fow; I have known many instances of itlio kindest and best of mistresses being <troatcd with tho basest of ingratitudo by thoir ser vants. - Whon one is in want of a ser vant and haunts the' Melbourne) registry offices, ns many Iadios do djiy after day, it is thon that soino adequate idea is formed of the scarcity of parvants nnd thoir iudependonoe. Tho lettorB of Mrs. Carlylo show ns what slia suffered in this respect, and as it haa boon said " lay bare boforo . tho world the melancholy, not to say tragic, interior of what in somo respects was a typical British household, through which flit, like ghosts, a perpetual succession of disappointing domostics." - Wo are dnnbled by her letters to understand more fully somo of Mr. Oarlylo's vehement utterances,' and to comprehend what he meant by tho nvmadic scbemo of sorvl- tudo. For instance, ' the following passngo from " Shooting Niagara" !b oosily oxplanod aftor reading d Mrs. Carlylo's lottcrs : — " It will bo long bo foro tho fool of a world opon its oyos on tho tap root Of tho fonu notion that servnntship and mastership on tho nomadic principlo wbb over, or over will lib, excopt for brief poriods, possiblo among human creatures/' Poor souls, ami when thoy havo discovered it, what u jmuuuug uuu tfuuiuniig uuu Buuiuuig and jar going there will bo boforo tho first real stop towards remedy is takou." Certainly tha titno seems to havo gono by when sorvnnts identified themselves' with tho interests of tho family which thoy served, nnd it i9 considered some thing really wonderful if a sorvaiit re mains many years in tho ono situation. Mr. Hetherington, of tho Employment Agency, in England,' has on his books a record of 80,000 - engagements of ser vants, and in 28,000 of theso tho en gagement did not last two years. Wo learn by a contemporary that in ordor to induco girls engaged through his agonoy to remain long in thoir places, ho has tnis yoar offorod a watbh to evory girl who remains two years -in- a situation which ho finds her. Servants nowadays seem to tako no pleasure iu farthoring tlio interests of tho masters, and con sequently oxhibit tho greatest recklosj- noss and oxtravaganco in thoir habits. " Havo you over obsorved," writes Sydney Smith, " what a disliko servants havo to anything choap? Thoy bate saving their master's money. I triad this experiment with grout success the other day. Fiuding wo consumed a great deal of sojip, I sat down in my thinking chair and took tho soap ques tion into consideration, and I found, reason to snspcct that wo woro nsing a vory ' oxponsivo article when a much ckoapor ouo would sorve tho purpose bettor. I ordered half a dozen pounds ftf 1aftf.ll aorfe linf tftftk flin nrnnon t Jnti nf changing thopapeni, on whicb tho prices woro mitrkod, hefdro giving thorn into tho lmnds. of Botty. Well, Dotty, whioh soap do you And washos best?' Oh, plcaso, sir, tho dearest, in tho bluo pnpor ; it makes a lather as well again as tho othor.' " Well, Betty, you shall always havo it thon.' And thus tho unsuspecting Botty saved mo somo pounds a year.". Of coureo tlioro aro a ferr pleasing exceptions to bo found to this too general rule, whore servants do identify, thomselvos with the interests of their omployers, and aro not altogether wrapped up in self, bat unfortunately theso exceptions aro so raro that wo can iind ample oxcusq for becoming cyniclo on tho subject of tho domostio servant griovanco. 