Lecture. There was a fair attendance at the Presbyterian Church on Wednesday night to hear a lecture by the Rev. J. Weir, B.A., on a book written by Judge Williams, entitled "Religion without Superstition." The chair was taken by Dr. McCall ; Mr Barr presided at the organ. The proceedings opened by singing the 100th Psalm, after which a short prayer was delivered by the Rev. F. L. Wilson. The chairman then briefly alluded to the subject of the lecture and said he thought, as a general rule, it was as well to take no notice of these attacks on religion, but as Judge Williams was a prominent man, it might perhaps be as well to confute his arguments. He was pleased to see such a number of persons present. He then called on the Rev. J. Weir, who said he was also pleased to see such a gathering ; it would doubtless have been larger, but for another attraction at a distant part of the district. The reverend speaker then proceeded to read extracts from Judge Williams' book, making a running commentary on his arguments, and confuting them as he went on. Judge Williams in his pre- face states " That a large number of people believed that religion was no good. This would be a terrible cala- mity—so he would endeavour to take the superstition from religion, and then deal with what was left." Judge Wil- liams complained that religion was dogmatic. Now this term only meant what was thought—dogma was a Greek term meaning to think. The judge did not believe in the doctrine of the Trinity and the Divinity of Christ. But admitting for the sake of argument that the Bible was a revelation from God—there was only "one God" men- tioned in it—he started with the doctrine that God, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost, were three persons, like the Roman triumvirs. No creed taught that there was one God, and term person in one Godhead. The three persons originally meant a mask which actors used. God never mani- fested himself, but gave an outward and visible sign in the person of His Son, and the Holy Ghost. The speaker then confuted the judge's argument that there was no mention of God the HoIy Ghost in the Bible, explaining that the word Ghost was the Anglo. Saxon for Spirit. The German and Gaelic terms were synonymous. The Dean of Melbourne found that the term Spirit occurred 88 times in the Bible. Judge Williams decided that Christ was equal to God as man and God. The doctrine of co-eternity could not be reconciled with the scriptures —yet Christ said "before Abraham was I am," It was clearly foreshadowed in the Old Testament that Christ was com- ing and his name was to be called Emanuel. No Christian denied the unity of God. The speaker pointed out that all nations had originally the root ideas of one religion, had a revela- tion, and carried away with them the doctrine of the Trinity. This would ac- count for the similarity between Chris- tianity, Buddhism &c.; The speaker then reviewed at great length the judge's opinion on the incarnation of our Saviour, the doctrine of atone- ment, and the Advent, and concluded by stating that such books as Judge Williams' would only tend to make all Christians study the Bible more closely. Want of space prevents us from giving the whole of this really excellent lecture, which lasted for two hours. The chair- man called on Mr. W. Neelands, who proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the speaker, which was warmly seconded by the Rev. F. L. Wilson. The meeting then separated. 