V SFORmd ffOfM' Bf NnraaBm. Without fear of being accmed of an ex- for Yietoriia inrtita ions tej rafefo affirm that there is no place in the whole of the Auttrafasfoa colonies where racing it enjfo$ed ss at Ffem- ittgton, and though the weather on iatbfdajr laet wae not the most favourable that oonldf be wished. I think it will be admitted that V.R.C- made a very aorpioioot com- foeohemrat with the great raaiog carnival of the year, f he outlook at noon certainly looked gloomy enough, for the tain was coming down in real earnest, with every appearance of oontiniiiog all tte cffef- noon. As might be expected, intending boilgtc to the wsne displayed som£ rilttctafiec at making a start for the racing fehdefvotfs, and at one time a postponement was looked ttpoft as a eert slat j ; hot when his Exoeiiency the Governor was seen on the box-seat of the vice-regal drag tooling a four- in -hand team en rettte to the course, all doubts as to the racing not taking place were pot to rest, and a determination wee evinced to brave the elements in the same maimer as the vice regal party. As may be imagined, the course was rendered somewhat heavy by the continued rain, but, as the weather took op before the first race was ton, the going, though necessarily holding, Was firm and safe. As Mains and Commotion, the first and second horses in the Melbourne Stakes last year afterwards played such a prominent part in the Melbourne Cop, the initial event en Saturday last was watched with a very close interest. The appearance of Ring- masta: among the eight starters was some what of a surprise, as it was thought that the Caul field Guineas winner wculd have been reserved for the Derby. There were rumours, however, that the stable were going to stand in with th- Dunlop party, and. as the son of King of the Ring had established bis reputation fcr going in the mod, the race was looked upon as a good tiring for him, and the shrewd party interested in the colt's movements did not hesitate to baek him down to a short nice. Trenton's chance, however, was not altogether overlooked, uOr was Sheet Anchor quite fnendlese. It wae : some rime before Mr. Watson could eel the' lot grant, owing to old Boswotihihdiilgmgin g some juvenile pranks at the start. The I veteran positively defied tbe efforts of his j rider to get him in a line with the others, and when the flag fell, he was left a long way in the rear. He clearly showed, however, , that he had lost none of his paee by Iris ; sojourn at the harem, for he was in front before going a furlong, and led for nearly a mile. I liked the way Trenton finished, but Sheet Anchor did not display much vigour in the ran home, and was very easily beaten. The performance of the Hew Zealander so : impressed the onlookers that a general desire was shown to get on for the Cop. i Though unmistakably one of Pharaoh's lean ; lone, and lacking the substance one likes to see in a thorougubced. Lesbia has more than onoe displayed her ability to gallop, and, though she faltered a bit near the finish, she managed to dispose of Mentmore .rather ! easily, I was 'rather pleased to see signs of improvement in Signor, who showed a very ! bold front at a oritioal part of the journey. I By his successive victories The Agent is | winning for himself a high place in public | estimation, and, when the sturdy little eheecut returned to the weighing enclosure he was greeted with cheers for Ms easy win i in the Weight-for-age Hurdle Race. Though t Mr. Hart's bojee got home without much of an effort, the raoe wae not altogether without j interest, and, if the committee by such races | induce the better class of hordle-r&eers; to j remain on the turf, the public will : be the gainers by the innovation. The epigrammatic expression, Eclipse first, and the rest nowhere, would admirably describe the running for the Maribyrnong Plate, for Acme had it all her own way from the start, and was pulling Hales out of the eaddle at the finish. I fancy, however, that she will have her wings clipped next year by both Blairgowrie and Chesham, who are as fine a pair of thoroughbreds as one could see, and if Mr. Cooper does not possess the favourite for next year's blue ribbon, I will be much surprised. Some very " downy " looking individuals put their pieces on Virago for the Selling Race, but the Ballarat mare did not run up to expectations, and Albauus came to the rescue of the fielders by beating Sciramouche and Solo. The finish appeared to bewilder the judge, and it was some time before that functionary could positively determine the exact positions of Scaramouche and Solo. The finish for the Derby was most exciting, and had it not been for the vigorous riding of Ellis, the New Zealander would have been beaten. Thepossibility of the overthrow of the favourite was not in any way attributable to Nordenfeldt, for be waa carried right out almost to the rails by First Chester, who tired perceptibly in the run home. Winchester performed very creditably, and both he and his countryman, Thunderbolt, should improve ou their Saturday's running in time. Utalla looked very wasted, and j that she should have beaten Nordenfeldt In a trial so recently Is a wonder to me. : Bohemian, who has been running very con sistentiy lately, won the Coborg Stakes in a j workmanlike style from Lantern. Whatever discomforts may have been | experienced by the weather ou Saturday were amply compensated for on Cup D«y, which, though perhaps a trifle tot in. "the early part of the day, was ail that conubbe ' derived. 4 The South Australian contingent stowed themselves in great, form by wfontng tbe first three races on the cam. ra tiw£W|riy Stakes Isonomy bad a very easy trited Maddelina gave her opponents qtdfee as deririre a beading in the Kensington Stakes. The victory of Ruby in the Hurdle Rice was a bit of a surprise, for Brigand was thought to hold her quite safe. 80 he would have, no doubt, had he not broken I down about half a mile from home, leaving wsfeghte of Lapidist. The Melbourne Cap of 1885 will be a memorable one, taasmnch as it has to a considerable extent settled the qhsstion as to whether Grace Darling's victory in the Caulfield Cup was a fluke. The Gaalfield mate finished with wonderful gamestess, and if she had only been fortunate enough to get through earlier, she perhaps would have worn Sheet Anchor down at the finish. Trenton fun quite opto expectations, and was Mrly heaten. Nerdecfoldt, like Grace foding, waa gftatly inter ered with by being galloped oa by Liverpool ; but Sheet Anchor steered a fortunate course, and beiog nicely handled < O'Brien managed to land the Twrtnawan -bred hotse a winner. Amcng the latest arrivals in the eoloiet is the well-known English jockey T Osborne, Who has raise out with the vie wo# rattling fa Australia in the capacity of private trainer. In the cuddle Osborne has earned his repute lion, and has frequently been up In all the elastic races in the eld country. In 1873 fan landed the St. Legerfcr Mr. Merry cn Marier Stewart, and in the same year he ran third Co Mr. F. Grettcn'e Suliman for the Two Thousand Guinea?. Be has also been on the hack of several weight-for-age and handicap winners, so that in point of experience in the saddle, he has no superior in the colohies. 1 believe he intends settling here as a private trainer, in whieh capacity be should commend himself to our wealthy racing men. Mr. S. Gardiner will perhaps be pleased to hear that Sonny Locke, by Tcbsi Cain from Sunbeam, distinguished herself 70 Iodia re cently, winning the Deccan Derby beating Sparkle and Steersman. She supplemented this performance by walking over for the Decani Stakes ; but at a difference of 151b, eculd gel 00 nearer than third to Masquerade. , by The Drummer from Bo tuple g Girl. My Lady, a Maribyrnong Plate candidate, ! went wrong a few days ago, and h« r trainer, J. Monagban, struck ber out of the great two - ' year-old contest to be decided to-day. \ For not scratching The Chanter within the ' specified time for the Moo nee Valley Cup. Mr. \- 1. Fouhham wae fined £10. Mr. R. Howie was similarly mulct, but when it wae discovered tbci the Ballarat trainer'e omission ' was occasioned through th- death of one of his children, the fine was remitted. | Meeesa. W. C. Yaille and Co held a sale of racehcrte? at their yards, Newmarket, on Monday last, but, though there was a large attendance, the bidding generally was rather dull. 1 tbooght that Mr. H. Phillips got & ; rare bargain in Pell MeD, for at such a low price as 150 guineas the son of Panic and Mies Melbourne is decidedly oheap. Pell ; Mell will thus return to his birthplace at Bryan O'Lynn, where it is to be hoped he will emulate the deeds of his worthy sire, Mr. W. Power secured Miss Panic, by Panic from Victoria, for 100 guineas, as lbs mare bad a filly foal at foot by Mote be, too, has made a good investment. Anarchy, by Gang Forward from Haidee, was knocked down to Mr. T. Jones for 95 guineas. In the hands of the Canlfield trainer, the speedy chestnut should pay her way. Mr. Davis gave 70 guineas for Sensa tion, fay Panic — Quee 1 of Hearts ; and Mr. RaiDsbury gct Ambassadress, by Ambassador from Wasp, for a similar amount. Foeee, the hurdleraoer, was knocked down to Mr. J. Ring fear 65 guineas. Manfred, for Gang Forward from Haidee, went to Mr. Johnson for 50 guineas. Several others were disposed of at prices ranging from 45 down to 10 guineas. While participating in a sport they love eo well, raring men wfll loyally celebrate the natal day of the heir presnmptire to the Grown of England on Monday next at the Williamstown racecourse, when the rising rntrepeneur of the fishing village will hold what promises to be a very successful gathering. Special railway arrangements have been made for the transport of visitors to the course, and ehonld the weather be favourable, there is bound to be a large attendance. And here I may as well remind the dob that, in view of such a possibility, if would be as well to get a sufficient supply of raoe cards printed, for, to era the language of Mr. Mantilini, it is 'dem- nition " unpleasant to be at the races without the companionship of an official programme. The raring a ill commence with the Hurdle Race, for whieh I fancy General Jackson, but the Caulfield horse may ex perience some difficulty in settling the pretentions of Cbatsworth and Vernet. I take Trojan, and Uranus to be the best of those engaged in the Two-year-old Stakes. In the Wllliauiftown Handicap I have a preference for Merrimo, though Bohemian, Ringmaster, and The Ghost ate bound to be handy at the finish. The Steeplechase will probably attract & very good field, and of those engaged, Stag, Naming, and Robin strike me as being ; ne most likely trio. Vision, Honors, and Orlando may occupy the places in the Trugacinr Stakes, ana Berkeley or Primus ought to pall through in the Telegraph Stakes. - Clarence Whistler, the champion wrestler of the world, died on Friday at Her Majesty's hotel, Swanstnn street, from pleuro pneumonia, accompanied by a cold, which he contracted shortly after the match with Miller, This notable athlete first made his debut at New York under the haenmecT name of Schneider, and succeeded fo:4efeatiug the until then champion, Mqkfbon, notwithstanding the fact that during the contest he got one of hie arms wad one of his knee-joints dislocated. He also met the Scotch athlete, Donald Disnie. in America on two occasions, : and beat him once, and on the e» cond occasion Dinhie agreed to rn draw. After that. Whistler heat all other competitors in America. His first contest in Melbourne was on the 6th August last, at the Nugget Theatre, with John Thomas, the lht champion, for L50 a skH whan be beat Thomas easily. He nexjtmdt Donald Dinnie, at the Victoria-hall. ontbeSfth August, for L100 a-side and the championship of the world. Them were two matches of eight styles of wrestling. Whistler won the match in the afternoon, and had the advantage 4a the evening, bat the contest was not. concluded, owing to , Dinum having sustained an injury to the shoulder in tike thencri, wa Whistler consented to a draw on recti ring two-thirds of the door -money, and on ton understanding that tosy should mart again. Three weeks later Whistler met Professor Aiilfor at the Theatre Royal for iM wife aati moorafed fo / i gsfmriSqg; _ bina without much . difficulty. Whistle Ssafctonftyywas<ff«B0» audi® PnpluAmin bv birth. spurt was somewhat tamer tosa usual on Gate Day, it m« - gwliiHAiH. surprises. After the brilKant form by Af»ww «s the Matlhy loobS" dauStwoCffiSte? in bnt toefilly washsndlefi in a rather inartistic manner, aril » mareovtst did tmt relish racing ran an over She rfraight, and fod slot of ground. Blaligwwri 00 Die otter hand. ot ffto to to S> Maait ».pSmHon in which he was held foc toeOwild I fancy ttiat over » Ington. most Iris «»P- pointment to Mr. W. Filgate, and if the speedvbrown Aonli befunatetohrm& the spell today. n» «« begrudge Hs trainwhiswelUraervedBBceese. Wfaatevra chance the tfarae-ytoX;ol& with Treat on were fmrly sscrifioea by the wretched pace the race was run in. Had the New Zealand been kept going from the start, he sug have been made toftol Wa wenJ—ttieOTty chance. I think, by which he c-mld beton. The general verdict for the SteepLsehase will, Iimagme.be. found w«ntfng." It proved a J® heeiuning to end, and the only way th xte inclusion in next year's programme can be jusrified is by attering thewnoitacns to that there will be penslties and allowances. I must ssv, however, that those who han horses engaged in the race displayed a lack of the true sporting spirit by not opposing Denmark, who wss not in auyrhmg like tnt form we are accustomed to see him. Uralia was mnoh cooler on Thursday tban she was in the Derby, and Hales very wisely took her «o tbe front and encouraged her to race— tactics which I imagine contributed in no small degree to her victory. There is nothing shakes the confidence of the racing public so much as the belief that the judge is liable to become confused at the finish of a race, and though the mistakes which occurred at Fiemington on Saturday and Tuesday may never ocsnr again, there will always be a feeling of nneseinesa at head quarters whenever a near thing takes p. ace. gran when the late Mr. Johnson . and his successor, Mr. Vowles. occupied ths judicial b ?x, some few have at times di'sweed with the judge's verdict, but during their racime there was never a case o the numbers of the last horse being hoisted ss the winner. The long-talbed-of half-mile match fcr £200 mud the championship of Australia, between J. O'Brien, of Kyoeton, and J. M. Maloue, of 8ydney. took place at 5 o'clock yesterday on the East Melbourne Cricket- ground, and there were about 1,500 persons present, including several prominent athletes. Just before tbe time, appointed for starting drizzling rain set in, and made the track tathcr heavy going. When, however, the men appeared on the track the rain ceased, and, after one- break away,, the pistol went off, O'Brien obtaining a slight advantage at the R tart and leading by about three yards until passing the grandstand the first tune, where Molone moved np. the pace being very slow. O'Brien was indulged with the lead until within about 100 yards from home, where Malone spurted, and. fairly staggering hie opponent, shot pari; him without an effort, and won in a trot by abont fifteen yards in 2min. 4see. l-5th. 