-r The Luck of Literature. 'EThe:real'bfor of Artenmus Ward's 'debut 'intotprominen'ce is thies'; There was ini 1860 a comic r paper printed, in. this city by two brothers, Stephens, called VanityFair, which bllaed up" brilliantly for a while iunder literar'y' and' artistic 'geiius, ' but 'fiall'y 'fiiikered and' was-likely'td expire. 1?The! editorship was~iffered Ito me, :but ,Iisaiv .plainlythatI -could do nothing wih it,.,. . acid . " 'Tlire are only two men i this cou'ntry who cani do youn any good. ?O'iieis John'G. Saxe and the.othed Artemits War'd;.,At that time, Ibelieeld .this ,to ,be, his real name. "' Saxe youcant have, f6r he is .about 'to run for governor of Vermont, so you d better get; hold, of ?Mr.a Ward'?as quickly as'you ..lMy'advicewias heeddd, ai'd I was asked:if I ,would .write . Ato.?Artemus, and learn: his ws.J did, sotp Cleveland,. Olhio, and iiade- him `the distinct'ffer of coming `to New York on a.'salary of'30 dolsr per week and an increie eon the siccess of the paper. He was, prompt,,arriving in New York al. most as soon as his letter of acceptance. He afterwards told me .that he was getting but 16 dols, per week on the Plaindealer,; ind as sumed the editorial' chair of Vanity :air; but salt could not save the paper, notwith. stndig itd genuine merit, "The American puili'does nnot want refined wit, thouih sinci ?tlfat''tiine :they -have' been partially educated; to it.' They want broad humor and personal allusion. ,: Punch never did sell in thiss country,,and if, we want anything out side of a daily paper, it .musit be cheap and a great=deal of'it.' ' Witness"'our"s6.clled' literary!.papers .eight:.larg? ages-running six continued stories;for five cents. " Y SAs an?t?yFair assure togo?down,Artemus was very despondent. What should he do,? One day, waking up. Broadway?'I said to him: " Oharly, why don't you lecture ?" Lecture I Why ,the idea ?asr?bsnrd;, -IHer could ,rite; but .he-could not talk; he as noat ale to get .iPr sayt ten lines on ani emergency,.. I soon talked h iiiou of 't at by telling hm'tli e ld ebi`Mld'd his leitu'i or commitfit'to fifieiiory. That' point' illttl'lld, now wilat sould bel 'hise- aiipjict ?Bt thiat tiie the canard of'tlie T yis'ecbhi'dstreet ghost was 'int full blast o and` Isigested ghaosts'as ati ~bect linikig 1'tgatl'hbfiliey he wrote' he w ee uldmakeitlfufiFatd'before Wve?parted' 'it asI agreed tliatihe; ntBiri. write'what he ciduld onii thissubiiject, andon rhenext evening, come down, to Praff's, the noted Bohemian resort on Broadway, above; Seeiker 'treetj iand ? ieasit tot d party i ha? assembled; here every might~,ao dThis programmnie was carried oiit anid Artel mus duly appeared-withr what he called "AA: Lecture .About**#hostsaandereadit amid aproarious approval, the main fun of which was that thbire)wasuCIbt a'rtbdatii e about ghosts, and it was settled on all aides that it must be brought before-the public. But how ? There was an actor and occasional manager, atekithat, time ", playing geneiral?u?ntility:fat Walolac,'s tbeitre the, elder ofltheeiame on., Broadway, near`roome street, owse name v'as D"Walde'e; I "wiel to De' PWalden, whol"I niewdrd talifed "' A temIs t61 im., He saw it,'and: an introddictiontensued? 'rDe' Walden ;qworkedtassiduously, andi the;entiref press'heped 'him, Everybody ryas the friend of Aiteihije, forlr amore genia,'-jovial, liberal man did'eiot live. Alasi! fdi lhiriself' Di Walden .took) Niblo'd saloon;tinowý the dining room oft the (Metropolitan, for, one night, with the p'rivilege of. six..s-;Theyra i doubt 1if drei' "audiencIs"la IgIed before or since astthey' laughed "that' week;i'-The financia, resultIto,:Arteinua',,was,1 280 dols., and Aitemus was jubilant. From that. our, hisconre' was uninterirupted auccess, and lectitiere afitele lolire folidwed;';-bacli Ione. gieater. ;thasithe ';precedinig, 'and fortuie' flowed intod..the pockets ofrA'rteiiuus' iv'k 