THE PRETTIEST WOMAN IN WARSAW. BT MABEL COLLINS, Author of "An Innocent Sinner," "The Story of Helena Modjeaka," " In the Flower of Her Youth," Ac., Ac. CHAPTER XXXIV. Zadwiga did not leave her room for a week after this, and no one saw her but old Karol, the maid who waited on her, and Anuca, who came as Miralda's messenger to make en quiries after her health. "S33 At the end of this time, she appeared one evening at the dinner-table, looking like a most beautiful pale ghost. Miralda was alone, and very glad to have a companion again. "1 cannot imagine what has become of Demetri," she said as they sat down to table, " it is most extraordinary the way he went off that night. 1 believe your sister offended him." Looking up,".she met Zadwiga's eyes fixed on her; they were dilated, and had in tbem an expression which Miralda could not fathom. Receiving no answer, she went on talking. tR.H'Mi "I do really," she said ; " it was after they had been dancing the mazurka together that he went away. And 1 hear that they bad been talking very earnestly downstairs to gether in the hall. It is extremely odd. lie did not have his horses out—he took no clotheB; he must have walked away through the forest in that white silk coat. Demetri is the most unaccountable creature alive, but I have never known him do quite such an odd thing before. He is not fond of walking; lie cas gone away sometimes, in one ot ms tempers, without a word to me, but not without his horBes." Zadwiga still leaned back in her chair, gazing at the old Princess as if fascinated. " Upon my word," said Miralda, presently, " he might be murdered in the forest tor his diamonds." Zadwiga uttered a smothered, inarticulate cry. "Oh, I don't suppose he is," said Miralda, " he can take care of himself. Drink some wine; you are very nervous. And you are eating nothing." Earol, contrary to his usual custom, had followed Zadwiga into the dining- room, and was quietly waiting at table, lie poured her out a glass of wine and handed it to her; as she took it she looked up and met his eyeB full of some meaning. Quickly she put the wine to her lips and drained it off. But her plate went away untouched; ICarol re moved it unobserved again and again. He thus prevented Miralda's noticing her total inability to eat. The dinner over, Zadwiga confessed her self tired out, and excused herself from goiug with Miralda to the salon. "To-morrow," she said, with a ghostly smile, " I shall be better, and I will come and sing to you." When she went away to the library, and as soon as she had left Iter hostess, her head dropped till it hung on her neck like a flower held by a broken stalk, and her hands fell loose at her sides. At the library door she began to shiver, and she stopped inside the threshold. Karol was at her side. "What am I to do?" she said faintly. " What am I to say ?" "Say nothing,""lie answered, "then no harm can happen. You are tired out; let me help you to your room, my little ma'ameelle." She leaned on him as she crossed the library, and seemed to need his help, for she was shivering violently. The next morning Anuca came early to her room with a message from the Princess. It was to ask her if she felt well enough to drive with her to Prince Sacha's chateau. "Yes," said Zadwiga, after a moment's hesitation, " 1 shall be glad to go. How soon are we to start ?" "Almost immediately, as it is a long drive there and back. I will go and tell my mistress you are going with her. She will be pleased: she does not like driving alone." Zadwiga, when she was dressed, opened the door into her little sitting-room, pur posing to kneel for a moment before the lamp which continually burned in front of St. Joseph's tiny altar. Karol was there, waiting for her, as it seemed. •' I am very glad you are going, my little ma'amBelle, the air will do you good." " Yes, Karol, I hope it will. And I am thankful to get out of this place for a whole day!" " You know where you are going 5" " What do you mean ?" " To ask whether Prince Demetri has been heard of—I thought perhaps I had better tell you." " Oh, I cannot go!" exclaimed Zadwiga, catching at the lace round her throat and trying to loosen it. "You muBt go," said Karol, very posi tively, " but be prepared to hear everything discussed over and over again. The old Princess sent servants to Demetri 'a own place two days ago; they came back last night (saying that all enquiries have been made, and nothing has been heard of him. She has sent to friendB of his in Jassy, but he is not there. She told Anuca she would have thought he had driven away with some of the guests, but lie disappeared long before any one left! Besides, the servants would have noticed him. lie can't have goue by train to Paris in that costume. So she is going to search everywhere for news of him, Are you brave enough to go with her?" " Karol," said Zadwiga, clinging to him as he stood by her chair, " tell me what 1 ought to do—tell me my duty!" "Go with her—brave it all—and say nothing! Bemember, this will not last for ever. Your husband will come for you; he will take you to another country; all this will be left behind you and be for ever for gotten. But yon must be brave now !" "I will," Baid Zadwiga rising. "Thank you for reminding mc of him. For him— for Arthur's sake—I will brave anything." " But be careful; do not let yourself go for a moment or yield to your agitation. I am in mortal dread when you are away from me." " Do not fear, my dear old Karol. Out of the house—away from this place—I shall be strong." She opened the door which led into the library and made an attempt to cross the room quickly. But her courage suddenly , forsook her, or her strength; she fell crouching and shivering into a chair. " Is this your courage that you talk of ? cried Karol, almost roughly. Ho had run to her and by sheer force he lifted her from the chair. "Don't stay here !" lie exclaimed. "Go out iDto the air—into the Eunshinc !"' He led her across the library, througu the corridor, and into the hall. The shivering' passed away as quickly as it had some: but - when Miralda came downstairs and wished her good morning she remarked that she looked exceedingly pale. "The drive will do you good," she said, looking keenly into Zadwigas face. It was a very lovely drive, one which at another time would have filled Zadwiga with.. delight. But to day she seemed unable to appreciate it. She lay back in the carriage ana let the air fan her white cheeks into - some semblance of colour. Miralda appeared to be buried in thought. Quite suddenly, after they had remained for a very long time in silence, she spoke. "Tell me," she said, honestly; do you know anything of my nephew's disappear ance, or its cause ?" "I!" said Zadwiga, and then seemed unable to utter another syllable. But with a great effort she succeeded in adding, "How should I know anything?" " He admires you," said Miralda, thought fully, with her eyes on Zadwiga's face, "more, I believe, than he admireB your sister. And you have been so changed since - that night. Hid you have no quarrel with him?" " None!" exclaimed Zadwiga vehemently; and suddenly the blood ruBhea to her cheeks and brow. Hut only for a minute; it soon - retired, leaving her perfectly white again. " What has so changed you, then ?" said Miralda, thinking aloud with the coolness of a viviEector of human hearts. " Your sister's absence does not seem to me a sufficient cause. You were not white and nervous like thiB when she was in London; and, after all, New York is only ten days further. I don't understand it. What does it mean ?" " Nothing, madamc, 1 am not well, that is all." '• PerhapB so," said Miralda, changing her ground. Well, Demetri is a more foolish fellow than I thought him, if because of a quarrel with any woman he would walk away through the country in that dress, with thoce diamonds on mm. His fortune was sewn on to his coat. It is very mysterious." And she relapsed into silence, to Zadwiga's intense relief. Prince Sacha's was a very handsome chateau with beautiful and well-kept grounds around it. The Chateau Roman had especial advantages which distinguished it; the situation in which it stood was particu larly good, and its architecture admirable. Prince Sacha's was a much more ordinary Roumanian chateau, but yet it exhibited every sign of being well cared for and of prosperity. Evidently there was a home here, well loved, and an estate well cultivated. It looked very friendly to Zad wiga's eyes, and she felt a sudden passionate wish that she might stay here instead of going back to the Chateau Roman, which she had learned to dislike. Prince Sacha was summoned from the grounds where he was looking after the gardeners. There was no one but himself to receive them, as his daughter was at the convent where she was being educated. He entertained them in his most courtly manner; but Zadwiga saw that he was struck by her altered appearance, although he would say nothing. She sat silent and apprehensive in his salon while Miralda told him what had brought them there. " Demetri hardly ever comes here, and certainly takes no trouble to tell me what he is doing," said Prince Sacha; " this is not a likely place to look for news of him." " But listen to me," said Miralda. " When you hear how. he went away you will not wonder that I go everywhere to try and hear something. A man cannot go far in a court dress of white silk, blazing with diamonds." " He did not change his dress !" exclaimed Sacha. '■Never even went to his room," said Miralda. " His servant saw nothing of him after he dressed for the ball. The ordinary clothes he had with him are all in his room still; and wherever Demetri went that fancy dress of his went also. "That is strange," said Sacha, "very strange." Ue had been looking at Zadwiga while Miralda spoke; he dropped his eyes now out of sheer mercy or courtesy, not because his curiosity was gratified. He could not understand why she should flinch under his eyes like a creature in pain, or why she should grow a shade whiter at every sentence Miralda uttered. He was absent, absorbed, during the rest of their visit. Miralda could tell lum little else tliat in terested him—nothing that interested him so much as the extraordinary expression of Zadwiga's face. What could it mean ? He came to the same conclusion as Miralda; Zadwifia must have had some serious quarrel with Demetri, and now that he had so myste riously disappeared lacked the courage to confess herself as the cause. Before Miralda left she drew him aside for a moment. " I have seen you watching her," she said ; "she knows something." " Yes, she knows something," said Sacha ; " but I doubt if she knows much. Probably Demetri made love to her more hotly than ehe liked, and Bhe resented it. Those girls are very proud. You told me once before tbat lie left the house suddenly after some sccue with her." '• True," said Miralda, " but he took his horses; and he was not dressed in white silk. There is something myBtcrious about it, cousin. I only hope no harm has come to the poor fellow." "Oh, no," said Sacha, cheerfully, "De metri could always take care of himself. He is laughing in his sleeve at the perplexity he is causing ub all, you may be sure. He must have gone home with one of the early guests; he could borrow clothes, if he went off with one of his friends. If he had a scene with Ma'amselle Zadwiga, and lost his temper, he might go outside the chateau till some one was driving away. The idea of your perplexity would just pleaBe him. You know Demetri is a very odd character." " Ah, but I think I understand him," said Miralda. "I do not think him odd; and I don't believe he would do such an absurd thing just because of a quarrel with a cold blooded little actress. She is sly; she has a secret. I will watch ber, and if it is to be fouDd out I will have it." "Have you no charm, no mode of divi nation learned from your friends the gipsies," said Sacha, smiling under his. moustache, " which would tell you where Demetri is 1" Miralda looked at liim very earnestly,, quite indifferent to his mocking smile. "Tbat is a good idea." she said. "It is a very difficult spell to use: but I will, try it. YeB, I will try it. I have some powerful herns from the Carpathian moun tains : I will try it." " That will give her some innocent occu pation," thought Sacha, smiliug still, as he watched her, "and will perhaps prevent her playing the inquisitor too cruelly over this poor gill. If you hear anything fresh," he said ciond. " send over to me. 1 will also make enquiries and let you know what I , v TaBt sure there is no cause for heaj^jy-' j daresay Demetri will walk in some day soon and scold you for not keeping ■his horses exercised." 