SIX SHILLINGBi AND SIXPENCE. The wind whis led round the street corners, It had a loud, fierce tone, and there was a shiver of winter in its touch, that made the people hurry faster homeward, while the gentlemen buttoned their warm overcoats up to their chins, and the ladies drew their fur tippets closely and hid their gloved hands in the warm recesses of their muffs. Gaily dressed little children skipped along the hard sidewalks, and their merry voices blended pleasantly with the murmur of the streets. Night was drawing on apace, and in many warm cosy houses the curtains were drawn and the gas was lit, while smiling faces waited to greet the home-coming of the father. MAr Brand was on his way home, with a roll of something in one hand and a great fat turkey in the other. It was New Year's Eve, and Mr Brand was one of those who provided well for his household. He quickened in pace as he drew nearer home, and finally ran up the brown stone steps, and turned the latch-key hastily, as he came to a large house at the street corner. The parlor door opened as he entered, and a fair woman, with eyes as blue as the sky, and soft golden hair, shading a lovely face, came out to meet him. She helped him to take off his over coat, and herself hung it on its peg on the rack. whileout came Mary, Kate and Char ley, each with a glad voice of welcome and a kiss for papa. Somehody was practising in the parlour, and Mr Brand going in smiled and nodded to his young niece Annie, who was at school, and whose every moment was occupied. The supper-bell rang and they all went down to a table, which was spread with hot muffins, nicely broiled steak, and the most delicate apple fritters frosted over with the whitest of powdered sugar. Every one sat down in the happiest mood, and supper was progressing pleasantly, when the voice of one of the servants was heard shrill and sharp in altercation with some one at the basement door. "Git out of this, ye beggar ! Sure and Mrs Brand has told you once to-day that she could not see you. It's engaged she is, and I'll not be after tellin' her to come from her supper-table to see thelikes of you '" "I'm not a beggar ! God help me, and all that are poor like me, and canut get their just dues from the rich i if Mrs Brand is at supper I'll wait. iMy children have had no dinner nor supper to-day. I want to see the lady !" The thin, quivering tone reached the dining-room, and a sudden silence fell on the group at the table. Mrs Brand's fair face flushed crimson and a look of trouble came on the calm brow of her husband. "Go and see what she wants, Kitty," If she has anything due to her, let it be paid at once. Presently the lady brought into the room a woman whom she introduced as Mrs Kelly, and who would not sit down, but said I in the same quivering voice : 1 " I only ' ant my own, laxly! Twenty pence for the sheet I hemmed, three and six pence for the aprons, one and fourpence for Miss Annie's handkerchiefs. It's noth ing to you, ma'am, but my children are starv ing." Such a despairing tone as there was in the woman's voice ; such a wan worn look on her thin, pinched face, such a sad, brooding tearless look in her hollow eye ; such a tremulous working in the thin, poor hands that wrought nervously with her old shawl, as she stood there at the dining-room door! Oh, Mrs Brand! when you sent her word this morning that you were too busy to see her, when yQ?ient her word this afternoon that you had no'change but would pay her to-morrow, when you wondered why she made such a fuss about so small a sum, did you think she looked like this? Did you think how much that six shillings and six pence might be to her-though it was so little in your eyes ? Did you think, bending , lovingly over your chubby boy, as he sank to rest in his soft bed, of that other mother, whose children with gaunt faces, and great sunken eyes, full of dumb pain, were clutch ing at her skirts for bread, which she could < not give because the ladies she worked for ! would not pay her ? Mrs Brand took out her little portemonnaie and counted out the money. " I am sorry, very sorry, Mrs Kelly, that I kept you waiting for this ! I did not know how much you needed it." "The poor always need their earnings." said Mrs Kelly, turning to go, when Mr Brand's voice stopped her midway. "Mrs Kelly ! are you a widow ?" The pale face darkened a little and she said: "Indeed, sir, I don't know. My husband was as good a man, sir, as ever lived, and while he was at home we wanted for nothing. He is in the army, and the last I heard from him was before the battle of ." "You have children t' "Three girls and a boy," said Mrs Kelly. "And you live '1" "At No. 21- Street, at the back." She was gone, and the family went back to supper; but the charm was broken. Presently the children went away, and the husband and wife were left alone. "Kitty," said Mr Brand, "The woman is right ? You were brought up in elegance and affluence all your life, and you do not know how the poor often suffer; but I remember going hungry to bed many a night in my childhood, because my mother could not collect from her rich debtors the scant earnings that she needed to buy bread for us." "I do not often make any one wait, Henry," said Mrs Brand, "but you don't know how busy I have been lately. I'm on the committee for preparing the dinner at the Hospital to-morrow, and also'on that for procuring subscriptions to the Orphans' Relief Fund, andmy domesticcares besides; andthen you know what these people are-sometimes they deceive us." "Kitty," said Mr Brand, "in this woman's case there is no imposture ; but that I may be sure of it, I'm going there to-night to see for myself. I cannot tell you how grieved I am that any one should have been de frauded even for a moment, of money lawfully theirs by my wife or any member of my household." "Defrauded, Henry !" said Mrs Brand. "Defrauded! I mean the word, Kate, though it sounds harsh to you. It is as literally a fraudulent act to keep a poor woman waiting past her promised hour for a few pence, as it would be for me, in my busi ness relations to disregard my obligations, and allow my paper to be dishonoured." " Well !" said Mrs Brand, "I know you are right, though I never thought of it in that way before. But if you will go so will I." Five minutes after, Mr and Mrs Brand I were on their way to - street. They found the number without difficulty, and penetrating a dark alley, came to the rear house. The door was opened by a dirty old i woman half dressed, with a tattered cap, over elf locks of nasty grey hair. " Mrs Kelly ! sure yon'll find her on the fourth floor, front room. Mind your feet, Missis-the stairs is broken in some places, and sois the railing; stop a bit, you can take my candle, the poor critter has none belike 1" Step by step, up the crazy stairs! up, up, over the damp, dirty vermin swarming passages to the fourth floor, and the front room. " Come in !" said Mrs Kelly's voice in reply to their knock, and in they went. On the ghost of a bed in the corner lay the ghost apparently of a child, gnawing hun grily at a crust. Three years old, but with his little face wrinkled where it should have been dimpled, thin and poor, and drawn by hunger out of all childish roundness and beauty. Twvo older girls were sitting on the floor close to a fire, that seemed to be just made, and that was most reluctant to burnt and the eldest child, a girl of ten years per haps, knitting by the firelight, faint as it was. Mrs Kelly had told the truth ; Mrs. Brand needed not her husband's kindly glance to convince her that there was want here. Want even of six shillings and six pence! Everything was clean, though never did cleanliness mantle such bitter poverty. Mr Brand spoke first, for the poor woman had no seat to offer him, and was too surprised to speak. "M rs Kelly, you are a soldier's wife, and whether he be living or dead, 1 and my wife owe him a debt, as we do every man who is holding a musket in the front to-day. To morrow your little ones shall have a New Year's dinner, and upon the day after to morrow, if you will consent, you shall move to more comfortable apartments in one of my houses. Mrs Brand will get you plenty of worlk, and will see that you are paid." There were happy hearts in that humble room that night, and happier ones in the mansion on the avenue. For the latter had taken ;a look into the depths all round them, but so oft unseen, and had learned anew the meaning of the Master's words, " The poor ye have always with you." 