The Miner's Partner., IN FOUß CHAPTEBS. —OOKOLÜ8ION. Ko ver before had Ben from mental excite ment paused a sleepless night; his seasoned, iron nerves bad borne him through a multitude of perils—from hostile .Indians, from white' enemies ; from the bear, the wolf, the snake : ¡,•0111 fire and flood ; and when the time had come for him to sleep, he slept soundly ; when lus rough meals were prepared, he ate well. But it was différent now. The recollection of the face which confronted his own at the res taurant, haunted him, broke his sleep into fitful dozing, and filled these unrefreshing snatches with terrible dreams. Yet, when the bright morning came, he persuaded himself that lie must have boon mistaken—that he had exaggerated some chance resemblance into the identity of his dead partner. IIuu'k reflections touched upon what w¡is glowing into another dreadful form of mental excitement. He began to fear that lie had not seen the man at all, that it was merely a- delu sion, a vision of the brain. And "that such a delusion should take the form of Rube Steele was not sin- prising, bearing in. mind the fact, which was never long absent from his thoughts, that lie had given tliis man a blow wliicli, if it had not, as he formerly supposed, caused the man's death, must have very nearly done so. No doubt the blow was struck in self-defence ; but even murder iii self-defence is not a thliig which a man can in Iiis calmen moments .recall without some sense of remorse. . ' He'was early at the hotel, and taking his regular seat, waited with a nervous anxiety, Mich as he had rarely experienced before, .the, appearance of the stranger. He had not long' to wait. Almost as soon às he was seated, a: tigure entered the saloon which there'v>as no mistaking, and all.Bep's consolatory theories as to a casual resemblance deceiving liïiù. fled i ni thé instant. The stoop of the long body and neck, the crafty glance-the toan threw u round on entering, his very step-i-these were all Kube Steele's ; and to the dismay of'.Ben, the new- comer evidently glanced round the sulooii m search of him, for the moment he saw him, Iiis face lighted up .with a smile, And he came to the table. "Glad to see you again !" said he, extending a hand which a horrible fascination compelled lien to seize and shake ; but the familiarity of the touch Wils inure horrible still. He felt— lie knew for a certainty, he had touched that hand a thousand times. " 1 thought mebbo you made this your regular dining location," continued the other ; " and 1 have kinder taken a fancy to you." "indeed!" gasped Ben, wondering as to what would come next. " Yes, 1 have ; that is so," replied the stran ger. " i reckon you have not been .located in tnis city very long?" "Not very long," said Ben, who had not ■ ■¡i;".1 removed' his eyes from the other's face, "i came from the West—from the mining country. " " Possible !" ejaculated the stranger. "Wal, now, 1 take a great interest in the mining countries, and like to hear tell of them. Were you from Californy, or Nevady, or " " l'Yom Colorado," gasped Ben, who almost began tó fancy that he was losing Ills senses, ' so certain was he that the man was Hube, and yet so inconsistent with this belief was the whole of his conversation, especially his liking for Benj and his anxiety to hear of the mines. When they separated, it was with another shake of the hand, aiid a strongly expressed hope on the part of the stranger that they might meet again the next day.. "Either the critter is a ghost," thought Ben—" and in that case there «re ghosts—or 1 am goiiig enuy -, or lie is Hube Steele ; and I know that is impos sible. 1 won't go to this hotel anymore; and soon as we get married, Ruth aud 1 will live out of the city, and that is a comfort." l'oi tified by this reflection, he was able to bear up somewhat better on this day, and to accept Mr. Showle's invitation with a calmer mind. He arrived early at the merchant's house. Until came in soon afterwards, and iie was pleased to see that she, too, looked more cheerful. Ruth had relieved her mind, as she confessed to Ben, by telling him her trouble ; and now he knew it, she felt that the worst was over. It was to avoid her half-brother, she owned, that she had wished Ben to live so far from town, and as he had now really arrived, lie was glad they had agreed upon this precaution. They were conversing cheerfully enough, whiin a knock was heard at the outer door, and Jlr. Showle, rising, exclaimed : " There is lloredo ! 1 know Iiis knock. Indeed, lie takes care we shall hear him.—I am sure you will like hiiu, Creelock, and he is very anxious to see you.—Ah, Mr. Morede ! you are punctual then ! Come in, aud let me introduce you. to our friend Creelock." Saying this, he shook hands with the new arrival, and led him to where Ben was standing. "J. think," said Mr. Morede, as lie took lien's hand with a smile, " I am not entirely a stranger to Mr. Creelock. 1 have liad the pleasure of dining with him more than once at tiie Ocean House." Ves, lie liad ; of course he had. Of course he was not a stranger to Ben—far from it, and Bun knew it well ; for here was his mysterious companion at dinner, the new partner in Showle and Bynne.s, and Kuth's half-brother, all turning out to be not only one aud tbesame person, but. were also each and every one Kube Steele, his treacherous partner, whom he hail left for dead in Colorado! And why did he not recognise Ben, as Ben had recognised him ï Of all the strange features in this be wildering matter, this was the strangest. lien shook hands, as an automaton might have done, and spoke as though in a trance ; tin: odd tone and character of Iiis replies, and his lixed stare, evidently attracting the notice of liutli aud Mr. Showle. " Come , Creelock !" criad the latter present ly ; " you are not yourself to- night. Where ai\i your mining stories and your prairie adven tures » 1 have been praising you all the time to our friend Morede here, as a sort of live volume of entertainment on these matters, aud you are not saying a word about them." "Mr. Showle is entirely right; he is so," said Morede; "and I reckon 1 shall be quite ]>!eased to sit around and bear sometbin' about the western mines. I always do like to hear tall of them." " Do you ?" exclaimed Bon, rousing himself to a species of desperation, and resolving to bring this horrible torture to a finish. "Shall 1 tell you an adventure of my own ?" "Just so," returned Moreda, with a pleasant (mile. " I should like it above all tilings." " Then," said Ben—and his answering smile was of a somewhat grimmer character, in spits of himself, than Morede's had ' been—" tlieu I will tell you how my pardner at the mines in troduced a stranger, who robbed mo of fifteen hundred dollars. This stranger came, I should tell you, with • information about Indians on the war-path who were likely to be around our camp. But it was an arrauged plot. He was a mean cuss, this stranger ; lie or hi« "friends rubbed the placers and br¿ke the stamp-mill. It was either liim or my pardner that snot at me from a gully ; and the,bullet went through my hat and cut awaysome of my hair. ■ TJiat was not the only timo my pardner çot his des peradoes to shoot at me; so I will tell you about him." Thereupon, stimulated by the desperate ini mlsu we have alluded to, Ben proceeded to re atu a part of the plot which had b'eeii devised for his ruin by his crafty partú'er; the inci^ dents attendant on which greatly excited, and ^"mutinies almost appalled his hearer.;, none among whom listened with more palpable in terest than did Mr. Morede. Ben told all, up t" the action of the Vigilantes, but could not hring himself to speak of tho.final scene at the ]">ol ; there was something too horrible in the idea of describing (hat to his listeners. Wien lien had finished, which lie did by saying, " What do you think of that, Mr. Morede ?" "nd looking his now partner straight in tho f»co, the latter exclaimed, in what seemed the J iii"st genuino manner possible : " Virst-rate, il r. Creelock ! I admiro you. I see you have }he IV,d grit ; and 1 wish 1 had boon there to help y„u in such a fix. But, to my thinking, partner was the worse of tho two." " lie was," said Bon drily. " And he ought to have had his roward," continued Moroac. " He had it," said Ben, with increased dry ness "l!ood! Good!" cried Morede; and other cninineuts being made, the conversation be ouue general. Morede bore his part all through the evening without a single allusion which could induce , «'•H to suppose that ho liad the slightest re membrance of him, or liad ever before heard a ^'liable relating to the dangerous stranger or the robberies. • When tliey parted for the night;1 too,, liewos particularlydomon6trativo inhia friendliness to Greelook, making quite a " Bmart oration," as Mr. ShoVfle afterwards re marked, on the agreeable evening he had Sassed, and the pleasure it would give him to e<asaociated in business, and as lie hoped, in still closer relationship with a man whom he admired and liked so much at first sight as !he did Mr. Creelock. Ben wont homo after this 1 speech in.'dOtibt ais tô wliètlierït was liiinself or every one around him that was going mad. Day after day passed, aiid the new partners in the firm met frequently, with no diminution in the friendship which'Mr. Morode had from the first professed for Ben. They did not meet at. the hotel, however ; the strain on Ben's nerves was bad enough when they met a« part of a group. A tnte-a-tete was more tbkn he could stand with a man whom he belieyed to have killed, but who was now walking about as unconcernedly as though he had never been stretched by tiie Bide of the Colorado pool. ■ So confounded had Ben been by the appari tion -that he had never thought of asking the Christian name of Mr. Morede, and it came upon him as a new shock when he received a note .from the warehouse on some business mat ters signed " Rueben Morede," while lie could' have sworn to the handwriting in a court of justice. This did not increase his certainty, for it could admit of no increase ; he 'was cer tain, and could not go beyond that ; but it seemed to make the position more dreadful and complicated. Now and then, too, lie would jSbd, "if lie turned quickly around, Mr. Morede gaging fixedly upon him—an earnest gaze, as though lie were striving to recall something to his memory; and this was uoL agreeable to Creelock. He asked Butli, as guardedly as possible, about her brother's past career ; but she. knew nothing of it since he liad left home. He had gone West, she knew ; but he would not now utter a syllable in explanation, or even say how he liad been employed. Ben could not press her very much upon the subject, as it was evi dently a painful one. His departure from home liad been caused by some disgraceful, possibly fatal broil—that was clear ; so Ben forbore to question her. The day of his wedding drew nigh. Butli had left her school; their home was so far advanced in its improvements that it would be quite ready by the time they returned from their trip ; and then—to add still greater plea sure and éclat to the festivities—the gallant energetic old gentleman Mr. Bynnes paid a short visit to Cincinnati. Like the restless Yankee he was, he had already sold his new estate at a very considerable profit; so was no«', at seventy years of age, lookiiig out for some fresh investment for Iiis'dollars, and em ployment for his time. Ho liad séen Ben before leaving Cincinnati, and appeared 'to like him morel The bluff, ' straightforward, perhaps rough manner, which Creelock could never shake off, seemed to please the old man mightily, and he was never so happy as when in his company. Ben, with his nightmare always oppressing him, had asked a littleabout Reuben Morede, who he knew was a connec-. tion of Mr. Bynnes. But the latter was not1 communicative about the new partner, although there was a tantalising hesitation in his man lier, which made Ben think lie could a tale un fold did he choose. Well, the wedding-day came ; and the simple ceremony performed in Air. Sliowle's drawing- ; room made Ben and Ruth mail and wife. Then came what answers to the wedding-break fa-st of the Britisher, and this was on a scale, for variety and display, to put the old country oil its mettle, although it was only given by an American storekeeper. After the first part, of the feast was over, Mr. Bynnes got Ben by himself and insisted upon having a final glass of champagne with him. "I know you Iiáve got just the best wife hi the States," said the old gentleman ; " and you are the kind of mail to make a good husband, I can see. I feel as glad to see little Ruth Aiken happily settled as if she was a gal of my own—I do. After all these years, too, to think her brother is going to clear up and quit his tricks ! I always liked the boy ; but he lias liad some real bad ways. You asked me about hiin, you know." "Yes, I did," said Ben. " Wal, I did not like to let out agen him," pursued Mr. Bynnes ; " but it can't do harm now anyway, that I can see. He has been mining in Colorado, and has been up to some queer tricks there. He was nigh killed by Iiis partner—he was ; that is so." " Nearly killed !" echoed Ben. "Ah! most iiiicomnion uigli," said Mr. Bynnes. " Also lie was nigh upon lynched by the Vigilantes. His partner found out that he was—Rube wan, I mean—playing him false, planning to rob and perhaps murder liim ; so it is supposed from the mark on his head that he hit him down with some blunt instrument, possibly a club, and left him for dead at the mine. He was found lying by some of the miners, who carried him to Flume city, and I heard all about it from the doctor who attended him. It is a real extraordinary case. He re covered, as you see ; hut Iiis memory from a certain time lias entirely gone. His boyish days he remembers quite well ; but does not appear to have the least idea that he ever went to the minos or was over injured. We have tried him in every wav ; but nis mind is a per fect blank. Strange, is it not ?" " Very strange," assented Ben, who, weneed hardly say, was listening with breathless in terest. " His brain is injured, no doubt," continued the elder ; " for Iiis skull was fractured. The doctor says it is to he hoped that he will never recover his memory ; for if he does, he will probably go mad, and do some more mischief before lie dies. It is a strange case.—Here we are ! just having a friendly drink at parting." This was in reply to one or two of the party who came to interrupt the lengthened gossip, and the conference was broken up. Often, during lus eastern trip, did"Ben recur to the strange story he had heard, and often did he debate with himself whether or not he should tell his wife what he had learned ; but he thought it better ou the whole to be silent. It was with a'groat feeling of relief, however, that he found, upon his return to Cincinnati, that Morede was absent, having just left to accompany Mr. Bynnes in his inspection of a property in Colorado. In about a week alter this time, .Mr. Shovvlo received a letter from Rl r. Bynnes' announcing the almost sudden death of Morede ! " And we had a bad time with liim," said the writer. " Perhaps it was because wo came to Colorado that he' all at once got back his mind; but whatever it was, he woke one morning like a fiend or a wild Indian. . He raved about, the miñes, talkod of lioiTihle things lie had done; said the lollows here would tremble eyen pow at Rube ^icele's name1; and we have, found out that he, or some oue^iko him, was known in these parts as Rube Steele, a year or two back. .Tell Mr. Creelock that he was frantic neainst him. He was sensible enough in other things ; but he was always calling lor Iiis pistol, and vowed that he would shoot Ben Creelock ou sight ! Told me that Ben was llie man who hud broken his skull and had set tlio Vigilantes on bis friends. I tell you, À bel Showle, it was real frightful, and we wero all glàd when lie died;: though my heart ached' for him' when I recollected the bright, clover boy he was ; his mother's only son too. But ho is gone now ; and bad as he may have been, I don't think we will tellRuth of Ills later life, as he had causod her a deal of misery, and she don't noed to think any worpe of him,"* Tho kiadjy, shrewd old inerohpnt'« advice-was followed; and Ruth Creelock, although she did not feign passionate1 grief for the half-brolhor who had so injured all-who ought to have been dear to liim, yet spoke of him with a softened foi-üng, which must have haen changed had she known of the .deadly enmity which once existed between t!>e dead man and her husband. * Fora similar caso of lapsed memory, see Car penter's AîeiiLit I'ltysiohgy, 4th edition, pp. 400-465. 