OARE OF THE HORSE. BOTES IJJD DOWN BY KBOBSTABT EUSSEIX. OF THE MASSACHUSETTS STATE BOABD OH A(JBI OUl/rUEB. Top,many horses are annually sacrificed by ignorance or carelessness in their manager ment. Good horses cost from two hundred to three hundred dollars, and they . should remain serviceable till twenty-five or thirty years old; but a horse is usually regarded old by the time he reaobeB half those years. With proper oare a young horse kept on a farm should improve on the fanner's hands, so ..that it would bring more than its. oost after a few years of'growth and trAining. The fefet are the most important part of a horse, and yet they are the soonest to fail, beoause the weakest part, and beoause we, interfere more with nature in the treatment of the feet than in the treatment of any other member. of the horse's tody.'' Shoeing the feet of Worses is a comparatively 'modern practice, and not a universal'one'eyen'no^v. Horses were domesticated and usedtnbre or less for man's service lofagefcagothatiwe have any authentic history. Indeed, the date of the domestication ofail outdomesticated animals antedates history. Bhdes withshaij) calks were used upon hordei'M /northern ooiutries' In Europe in the ninth oentury, because it 'Was found thrit, in these cold oountries, horseB oouldbemademore serviceable in winterwhen so ^odl' The TiSe' oi 'tihoeshs^spread, m WA^^AOiinei putty from, habit or fashion. Shoeing to both an evil and an advantage. The ques is: Does the good overbalance the evil P The leoturer believes it does. Bnt, in' his opinion, about one-third of the horses might safely go barefooted all the year around, another third might go without shoes part of the time, while the remaining third must be constantly shod. Some eminent writers and leoturers have contended that all horses shonld go barefooted; but suah conclusions result from limited experience and observation. Horses' feet are unlike, and their work is not alike for all. There have been good feet and bad feet ever sinoe horses were known. The old roads of Rome, that led out from that " Hub of the Universe" like the spokes of a wheel, were many of them built of blooks of stone, that muBt have been very trying to the feet of horses used for pulling the heavy loads drawn over them; and we know by the writings pf the men of those days that, as now, the foot was considered as the best part of the horse. The fore-feet of a horse correspond to the hands of man, the hoofs representing the finger-nail. The hoof grows downward like the nails on our fingers, and any treatment to improve the hoof muBt begin at the top, near the hair, where all growth begins. Every farmer has noticed that if a horse gets a hoof oalked near the hair, the blemish will never disappear till the hoof grows down the whole bigness of it. The bottom of the foot, however, groWs in another way. The frog grows from the heel, and is of entirely different material from that comprising the hoof, or horny shell of the foot. The growth from the heel is slow, and the wear of the frog and heel is very slight. Very few Massachusetts farmers have ever seen a perfect frog. Shoeing always changes the charaoter of this organ, and often rnins it, and the whole fact with it. Thrush always indicates bad treatment of the feet. Some think the frog is useless, even bad for the horse. Some men had charged it with being poisonouB to the foot, as though Nature ever oreated a disease. Nature striveB to make us healthy, never to make us Bick. That part we oall the hoof is really a boot for the foot of the horse, and a most admirable boot it is when not interfered with by man. The real foot of the horse is inside of the boot, but comes bo near the surface as to have sensation and to give the animal a knowledge of the character of the ground trodden upon. The toe>bone is sometimes within a half- inoh or less of the outer part of the foot. Burning the hoof with a hot shoe to make a seat for the shoe, and to save using the buttress, is a praotioe to be severely oosdemned, as the hoof is liable to be seriously injured by suoh treatment. The danger is still greater when the toe-cliff is also burned in deeply, too. In suoh osbbs the hot iron may come within an eighth of an inoh of the real foot, and make a horse, when shod, feel like a cat shod with walnut shells. Shoeing with high calks raises the frog above the earth, so that little moisture reaohes it. "The frog is intended as a cushion for the foot, and to prevent concussion when it comes to the ground; but a dry frog is a very poor onshion. Lifting the foot from the earth upon high calks also prevents the frog from keeping the walls of the hoof spread in their natural position. Calks indirectly cause contracted heels, and quarter-oraoks are only nature's efforts to get more room, and burst open the contracted boot, and relieve the pressure upon the sensitive parts. High calks irevents the horse (fr»m feeling the ground le walks upon. Bar shoes for constant use are not to be oomtnended. They may be nBed to aid the oure of a difficulty, but should be removed as soon bb practicable. Too many bar shoes are reoommended by blacksmiths, beoause they get double price for making and setting them. Probably three-fourths of the team torses in Boston are wearing them. The term " oorn," as applied to a horse's foot, is a misnomer ; for what are called bonis start from the inside of the foot, while a true oorn, like those men have, is caused by pressure from without. The inflamed spots near the heels of horses ale the result of internal inflammation, atueed by conousBion as the horae bringB his fiot to the earth. With a sound frog and no oilks they could never ooour. We would not be understood as denouncing tie blacksmith, for he is a useful member in -a community. The farmers are more often H be blamed for the horse's lameness than are the blaoksmiths. • Some farmers think more of a set of shoe^ tlan they do of the horse that wears them. ®ie ' foot is oonBtantly growing, and a sho^ that fits the foot to-day will not fit it five or six weeks henoe. The hoof grows long ana downward at the toe, and unless the growth is worn off by going barefooted,or is pared away bj the blaoksmitb, the toe gets so long that tbs. horse cannot travel except with 4>ffif>ulty. Tie Jwild, horse knows .enough to' wear. off the toes of his feet that he may travel'With eve and flee from his enemies; Sometimes liases are bronghtto the she& that require k dollar's worth of paring by ttieblapksmith belore the shoes can be set. 1 * ' ; ' .ftie'hodfs need paringasoften asonpe in four or' five, weeks in summer tptaeb ^beih in perfect shape. In winteir ttoe Ww giftiws more slowly, and may not need Jdfinjg' so often: - l; " ! T- • ; „ , X barefooted horae wfll's£atidhetter«n ice than a smooth-shod horse. JJltovlded they arg given alooseieiajso thejroankee^thbir babnoe. The frog'^on a terefooted be—- hojlstothe ice and prevents '*"" " ' frofc tbbuldbelet'alone 4hbnld ! be iet' alone'liy'theiilaoi^nlth. Tht sTioesshonld W »aight Jand low that< th0trog wiUt>are«<faearii&on;:i&e; <ront»a.1 Thi foot, il*toAtty>«iUihH»e» lejelieMinfc all around, neither the hesl nor the toe being the longest, and the shoeing should, never disturb this evenness. If an ignorant blaoksmith. refuses to shoe a hors© as an intelligent farmer direots. the best thing to do is to tell the blaoksmith that the horse can work on the farm- without any shoes. Many farmers would be.snrprised to learn how many of their horses might safely go unshod through the summer. Sorefoofej. neBB from going barefooted never does soy' permanent injury. The feet wear thin under hard driving upon gravel roads, bo the horse may go tender a day or two ; but a little rest, or ohange to farm work will gi Te time for the feet to grow out again. Hind feet are muoh stronger' than fort feet. They seldom cause any trouble ftbm corns or quarter-craoks. The hind feet will bear heavy shoes better than the fore feet. If horses are shod at all, they should fee ghost behind. It has been said that poor men matt do ihebn things ; but it never pays to do mean things that will oost something. It cannot pay to save in the oost of shoeing, and, as a result, lose a good horse. He oould not reoommend tips for general use, beoause blaoksmiths seldom pare dbwn the toes sufficiently to beep the foot level. Tips must be set very often. A " dry sole" horse can never be cured, and one that will interfere when barefooted should be worked slow, or sold. Most farmers feed their horses too muah, rather than too little. Two pounds per day of hay and grain for eaon one hundred pounds of live weight, is usually enough to keep a horse in good working oondition. A horse should not be run ae a manure-making maobine. It is not profitable. Horses that bolt their grain should be taught to eat slowly. They may be oured of the habit by keeping several quarts of stones in the manger, well mixed up with the grain. Horses thatare being wintered without muoh labour will not need more than eight to ten pounds . of hay, two qaarts of oats, and a few apples or roots daily. Dry food is to be preferred to wet, except for heavy horses or those that oough. The horse has the smallest stomach of any domeBtioated animal, and if we feed and then immediately water freely, the food will be washed out of the stomachJibefore it has had time to digest. The writer had seen the experiment tried in Franoe, of feeding whole grain to a horse, then watering immediately and killing the animal within an hour. Some of the whole grain was found washed into the intestines, a distance ^of twenty feet beyond the stomach. It is a good rale to water half an hour before, or an hour after eating. Is is dangerous to ohill a heated horse suddenly with oold water, but a horse is never too warm to eat, if not too tired.—New England Farmer. 