THE MAN SHE CARED FOR. By F. W. ROBINSON, Anthn* of "Grandmother's Money," "Ooward Com er-lnnpfe •" "Roor Zeph," "Anne Judge, Spinster, "The V'kck Speck," "Eands of Justloe," "A Woman's. Ransom," &o.; BOOK THa\ THIRD.-THE MISTRESS 0^ ilvercombe. Chapter XXXIX,—(continuedJ, She held her .hand towards him, and his fingers closed upo. a it with a strange eager force before it W!.'3 withdrawn, somewhat hastily again. "J. shall leave here K>r>ne the worse," he said, •"for thinking you do i.'Ot regard me as your enemy." "ISever as an enemy, ^Mr. Eedcbve : and with the past " "Oh, let us leave the past aIor.e,"lie said iretlully; "you ancl J. nave dropped Irom it and its delusions, and there is the future only to consider. Por a time even m that post I was your fiiend. What a change since then-!" "You have always been my friend," she re plied in a low tone. " Until yesterday." " I will think of yesterday no more." "A kind promise, but difficult of fulfilment. Always your friend, you sav V" lie muttered. " Voc » \ es. "A friend in whom you could confide, even now?" "Yes," she answered, after a moment's hesi tation. " Tell me then," he said very humbly, " what has happened to-day, whilst I have been in London ? I would prefer hearing it from you, instead of them. Mr. Overdown ha3 been here ?' "Yes." " You are engaged to him, now:'" "Yes." " My God !" he exclaimed in so low and stifled a tone that she did not affect to hear him, and yet the exclamation unnerved her, though there was no longer the ring of con tempt or surprise in his voice. There rose to her recollection his last explanation that sor row had driven him mad. Sorrow! what sorrow cculd he have to affect him in this fashion, to set him.before her as white as a ghost, or trembling like a child who had been scared to death's door by one. He was firm and self-possessed before he thought the change in him had been observed. "Mr. Overdown seems a straightforward, earnest, manly fellow," he said, "andyou have known him many years, Miss Challis. Let me wish you every happiness this life can bring before I go away to-night." "Thank you, Mr. Kedclove." "Aman's wishes don't count for much, or there should not be another trouble for you in this world, where you have been so unfairly treated," he said, with a faint smile. "Thank you," she remarked again, lacking a better reply at the moment. " And now I need not worry you any more," he said, "I daresay your friends have almost lulled you with their kind congratulations to day." He seemed to relapse into deep thought, and almost to forget her presence there; for when she spoke to him once more he started at the sound of her voice. "You have not heard that my brother Sam has returned to England she said. " When did he return V" asked Hamilton apathetically. " Last night he came to see me for the first time." "Indeed," he replied, half absently. " He will tell you why he did not meet you at the Liverpool landing-stage," said Aggie; "he has come to England to pay back the two hundred pounds you kindly lent him," "Indeed," lie said again, but in a more absent fashion still. This startling piece of news had no power to rouse him into interest, and she was so doubt ful if he had heard it that she repeated it. He seemed to wake to the consciousness of being dull and inattentive after this. "Come,"he said, with forced gaiety, "that's an amount that will help me on in the world, if I use it with discretion." " Then it was you who lent the money to Sam, and not Lord Redelove!" cried Aggie triumphantly. "I am glad of this—I was sure of it!" "Don't be quite sure of anything on this earth," he said. "I received my uncle's in structions to help you both, but when Sam disappeared with the money I was too proud to own to Lord Redclove that I had trusted your brother too readily. Hence my pride always standing in the way of my advantage, Miss Challis, you see—cost me exactly two hundred pounds." "Which.Sam will return you to-morrow." "Sam is*very good." The door re opened, and old Mrs. Danger field came slowly back into her place. ''Your cousin Frances begs you will excuse her to-night," she said. "Certainly." "She will be at Mr. Fayre's vicarage to morrow at eleven o'clock with Estelle if the hour is convenient to yourself." " Convenient—in what way ?" " To escort her and her daughter to London. Is it not Lord Redclove's wish ?" "I don't know," murmured Hamilton. " She did not show me the letter," muttered old Mrs. Dangerfield, " but she implied it was." "Then it was, I have no doubt," said Hamil ton, "although I should have considered it more like my uncle's policy if he had begged Frances to remain and keep an eye on this dangerous young person here." This was lightly said, but it failed in its effect. Ko one smiled. "Possibly he has done that, after all,''said the old lady; "and Frances, an obstinate woman mind you, determines to leave at once." "That is likely," answered Hamilton thought fully ; " Frances is a woman who will not play the spy even to oblige her own father. She fights on our side 1 am sure." "Our side !" said Aggie wonderingly; "that means " Your side," lie replied, as he rose to his feet, " Good-night." He shook hands with them both—with Aggie Challis last; who, looking at him, saw that he had turned very white again. " This may be the last time I shall call I forgot to say, " lie said the last time I shall see you both, unless you come over to/lrayling with my cousins to-morrow. But the weather is too uninviting for a seven miles' drive ; I cannot expect so great a compliment paid me." "Mr. Overdown is coming to-morrow morn ing," began Agnes, by way of an excuse. "All! Present my compliments to him : Iliad forgotten him for a minute," said Hamilton in terrupting. " Good-bye, Miss Challis." " I hope it is not good-bye," she said quickly and frankly. "Thank you for saying so," he replied. "Still I have been an element of discord in yonr life, and the sooner I withdraw the better. I am one black shadow the less on your path." " I do not believe it," answered Aggie. " Ah ! but I do. I am so much wiser and cleverer you know," he said, with his old sharp ness of tone predominant; " and I see so very clearly that " He paused and stamped his foot angrily upon the carpet. "You shrink from me and it serves me right," he cried; " when I would pass from you with fair regrets I am baulked by all the bitterness of discontent that is in me." "You judge yourself too harshly." said Aggie; " 1 have heard nothing to offend." "There, there; don't excuse me to myself, Miss Challis. And if 1 never see you again " he paused and looked so hard and mournfully at her that her lips quivered strangely in spite of her—"think the best of me that you can. Good- bye." He raised her hand suddenly to his lips, bowed gravely over it as lie kissed it. and then went upon his way. "This cannot be for ever," murmured Aggie Challis. " 'For ever is a long day,' " the grandmother quoted. 