HAMILTON COURSING CLUB. SECOND MEETING. Wednesday, lsf July. ' Piesident— Mr. W.Thomson, Pierrcpoint. Vice- Presidents — Mr. J. Robertson and Mr. R. Crowe. Stewards— Mr. J. Robertson, Mr. A. Cameron, Mr. J. Cameron, Mr. J. Thomson, Mr. G. R. Kippon, and Mr. J. Ahcarn. Field Stewards — Hod. a . liromeH, oir. a. v>amerou, Mr. J. Abeam, and Mr. J. Robertson. Slip Steward— Mr. W. H. Sandy. Flag Steward- Mr. D. W. Craig. Judge— Mr. J. Oaple, junr. Slipper— Mr. Rowlands. Hon. Treasurer- Mr. H. Block Hon. Secretary — Mr. C. Allen. Coursing in this district has for a long time been under a cloud, but tbose who noted tbe attendance on the ground to-day, the very great interest taken in the competition, the improved style of beating, and the abundance of hares must, if they gave the matter a thought, have felt convinced that the club has now seen its worst days, and only needs continued good management to soon take its rank again in the firat class of Yictorun Associations of its kind. A few days ago, in the interests of sport, we suggested the establishment of a plumpton reserve, but after witnessing the coursing to-day, are quite prepared to admit that good and exciting sport can still be obtained on Strathkellar and on Skene without an arena being enclosed in wire netting. Indeed, so long as n a tar continue 10 uc us picuuiui « vucj "wb to-day, and as strong, restricting the trials to short Bpurts would be a mistake. Not only this, but it would also detract from the interest taken in a meeting by the beaters, who put in quite a formidable appearance today. Many of them were ladies, and these declared that the beating was the best fun. Under these circumstances, it would be ungallani on our part were we to continue to advocate a plump- ton, and we therefore withdraw oar notice of motion for the present. There is, however, one thing the club could do to ensure a continu ance of tbe supply, and that is to pay one or two men to act as gamekeepers on the estates which have been placed at its disposal for coursing purposes, and warn off or prosecute " pothunters." Doubtless some of tbe boundary riders would gladly accept these duties for a comparatively small consideration, and, although the proprietors of the estates gladly do all tbey can to preserve the game, we submit this is the least the Club could do. This, it may be added, is no new mode of procedure, it having been adopted years ago by the Grant and Polwarth Club and found to answer well, and our reason for mooting it iB on account of the scarcity of hares during the earlier part of to-day on Strathkellar, on some ground where a few weeks ago they were to be seen skipping about in all directions, in fact a favorite rendezvous of theirs. Tbe i explanation was that between then and to-day they had been decimated or hunted away by " pothunters." We are also aware in making this suggestion that both Mr. Robertson and the Messrs. Skene are such enthu siastic supporters of tlie sport that tbey would endeavour to punish poachers, but, if some men are engaged as we have recom mended, these will find it to their interest to bo continually on tbe look-out for such fun-spoiling trespasser. We have already said tbe beating of to-day showed an improvement on previous performances, and for this, credit is chiefly due to Mr. W. Thomson, junr., of Pierrcpoint, who, apparently, profiting by Narracoortc ex perience, handled his irregular cavalry with tbe skill of a veteran, cleverly " winged " one or two flyers himself, and throughout the day was assisted by none more ably than Mr. John Robertson himself, and Mr. T. Robertson. Notwithstanding this improvement, however, a great many hues got away uncoursed, and, often the vehicles followed too closely on tbe heels of the beaters. At the same time it must be admitted that the beaters were not to blame in several instances where hares sprang up whilst another was being coursed. The attendance, on the whole, was the best that has been witnessed on a Hamilton.coursing ground for many years, and the hares were tbe strongest ever seen there. This, as all who have attended our meetings know, is saying a great deal, but it is, never theless) a fact. In no instance was a weak bare started, they were all " demons," and the result was some terrific grnellers, doge and hares being occasionally run to a standstill and the judge being compelled to get no fewer than three fresh mounts before tbe card had been run down. Seeing the keen inter est elicited by such grand coursing, the paucity af antriM was mni-.Vi to tw rMrr»ttp<1 Vint thrre seems to be no doubt, as already remarked, that to -day's proceedings will have a beneficial effect npon the future career of the club. In plump- ton reserves they could not get hares much quicker than they did during a portion of to-day, on socio ground which gunners had not invaded, and in no plumpton could such really gnind trials of speed and endurance have been obtained, and if ever a Champion Dog Stoke is established, it is on Strathkellar, Skene, or Warrayure that it should be run, as on either of these properties a three mile course may with almost absolute certainty, be relied upon, and, thanks to the formation of the country, even some of the longest courses can be seen from end to end. A three mile course ! we venture to say that during the first round Snowflight and Surrey gave the judge a ride of over four miles, tbat between Rebel and Wandin in the first ties of the AU-Aged Stakes was nearly as long, all were regular "pipe openers," and no dog lacking good staying powers stood the ghost of a show. The scene duriug the interval, reminded one of the palmy days of coursing, a vast crowd intent on toe enjoyment of the good things of this lite, of which there were many liberal supplies, hearty welcomes being extended right and left. Boring his now extensive experience as a judge, Mr. J. Caple, junr., never had a harder day's work, he rode well to his dogs, and in every instance his decisions gave satisfaction, not only to the owner of the winner, but also to the loser. Mr. Rowlands made some excellent slips, bat was now and again unfortu nate in not being able to get the dogs sighted. At the conclusion of the sport, a beaten dogs stake was improvised, and the drawing for tfau is appended. The meeting will be resumed at half -past ten o'clock on Thursday morning, at the boundary between Skene and Strathkellar, on the eame road, but not quite so far away as the starting point morning. Iklow we give details, viz : — Beaxbk axd Uktbied Stakes. For 14 dogs at one guinea each. Winner, £T» Runner-up, £4. Two dogs £1 each. , Mr. Jas. Wiggins' blk w b Wannon Lady beat Mr. .M. Bourke's twb Banshee. Mr, W, Caple's f w b Maid of Cumberland beat Mr. G. Buckley ns, blk b Daphne (disq.) Mr. C. M. Lewis's f w b S logger beat Mr. W. Thomson's bd w d Hard Times. . Mr. A. Cameron's blk w d Collich Dbu beat Mr. G. Buckley ns r d Wickliff e. Mr. A. Cameron's f w b Cumberland Loss beat Me. W. Caple's blk w b Gipsy Maid. Mr. J. Johnston's w d Snowfligbt beat Mr. C. IL Lewis's r w d Surrey. Mr. Jaa. "Wiggins' f w b Wannon rrincea beat Mr. A. Cameron's w blk b Foreign Maid. rmsT TIES. , , Wannon Lady beat of Cumberland. Slogger beat Collidi Dbu. Snowflight beat Cumberland Lass. Wannon Prinoeas a bye. w second ties. Lady beat Slogger. Snowdrift beat Wannon Princess. „ All-Aged Stakes. , For seven- dogs at two guineas. Winner, w » runner-up, £4. Mr. Jes. Wiggins' bd w d Wandin beat Mr. W. Thomson's r w b Western Maid. ,r Mr. W. H. Sandy's blk w d Rebel beat Mr. M. .Bourke's blk w d Tom. Mr. Jas. Robertson's blkwb Norms best Mr. H. Block's bd w b Silver Queen. Mr. G. Young's brd d Tarragon best Mr. > M'Arthur's blk t> fiaqudity. 