ANNABEL'S RIN7\A.IJ BY DORA RUSSELL. Authoress of " Footprints in the Snow," "The Vicar's Governess," "Crcesus' Widow," "Beneath the Wave," &c.;, &c.; j [Published by special arrangement with the I authoieso. All rights reserved,.} I Chapter XXVIII.—Dele Days. Tlic-y were dull, dreary days for Annabel after Sarah was gone. The old simple life att Sallford had to be begun again, and gone on with, but the old light, simple heart, that had made everything pleasant, was gone. She took no interest in anything now, and the little ways and the little erossip of the place that had once amused her now wearied and annoyed her : and beneath the leaden November skies she used to wander about the damp meadows by the Sail, looking, as Bessie expressed it, "like a ghost." "Why, why had this miseiy come to her? she would think. She had loved Martin so truly— so truly. She would have been his faithful wife, and had prayed to be, and trusted to be, and God bad not listened to her innocent cry. Oil! it was bitter, very bitter. "I shall never pray for anything more," she said many a time during these miserable weeks, and utterly weary and heart-sick she dragged through her daily existence. She was uncomfortable at home too. Bessie's hint in her letter (Bessie's hints were always a little broad) about her father's behavior with Hannah Page was not un founded. This girl, in fact, who was a very forward one, intended to marry Johnny Lee, and tried in every way to attract his admira tion. But Johnny was too fond of Annabel to do this while his daughter remained at home. Still, he encouraged Hannah Page, and Bessie's unbounded indignation at his proceedings made everything very uncom fortable. "You should turn her out, bag and bag gage, Miss Annabel," Bessie was always urging; but Annabel shrank from even men tioning the subject to her father, and from one other subject also, which was even yet more grievous. Poor John Lee! The fatal infatuation which had killed his father was daily growing on him too, and night after night Annabel listened for his return, as the first John Lee's wife had listened for his, with shame and dismay filling her heart. So things went on, and many and many a time during these days Annabel envied Ada lying in her quiet grave by the sea. "What have I to live for ?" she would think, gloomily ; for life seemed to offer her neither hope nor happiness now. She had heard from Mrs. Wykeman once since her sister's marriage, and occasionally from the bride herself. They had gone abroad, and Sarah wrote apparently in good spirits, and frequently alluded to " Martin." Mrs. Wykeman did not mention Robert Vere in her letter to Annabel, but once or twice Lady Margaret at the rectory had done so. "Our nephew, Robert Vere, is coming to Sallford soon," she said one day to Annabel with a smile. "You know him very well, do yon not ?" "He has always been very kind to me," answered Annabel, and when one morning Lady Margaret arrived at Red-house to ask her to dine with them that evening, to meet Robert, she felt glad to go. "Robert asked me to invite you," said Lady Margaret laughing; "and has indeed invited himself to pay us this visit, so he will be quite disappointed if you do not eome. He arrives to-day." "I shall be very glad to do so," said Anna bel, and when in the evening she entered the rectory drawing-room, Robert Vere was stand ing there, and came forward with a pleased smile to receive her. The next moment he suppressed a sigh, for he was sorry to see Annabel looking so changed and ill still. "Well, and what have you been doing?" he said kindly. "Nothing," she answered, with a faint little smile, and Robert shook his head. "Nothing is a bad occupation," he said. "You know, Miss Annabel, the gentleman who always has some mischief ready ' for idle hands to do.'" Annabel laughed uneasily. "And Bob, my friend Bob?" asked Robert Vere. " Is quite well, and is a great favorite at home. Papa is so fond of him, and even Bessie." "And how is Bessie?" said Robert, who always remembered every one. " f like Bessie : there's a grim honesty about her, and the way she used to guard herself from the too forward attentions of her admirer, Jenkins, was highly amusing." "And Colonel Jemingham ?" inquired An nabel. " He's better, poor man, I think, and talks of returning to India, but I do not think that he'll go." "Why?" " Somebody doesn't mean to let him go,' laughed Robert. " Mrs. Wykeman hasn't been consoling him all this time for nothing." " But do you really think " "I really think she'll marry him," answered Robert. "He's too guileless and simple hearted to cope with a clever woman who means it; and I think, too, that she'll make him a very good wife." "But he's such a dear old man." " Well, isn't she a dear old woman ? Fancy if she heard me! No, Mrs. Wykeman will never be an old woman." When dinner was announced the rector took down Annabel, and Robert followed with Lady Margaret. "What a jolly little party," said Robert, looking contentedly round the well- spread table, and at the cheerful fire. "How cosy you north-country people are ! Lady Mar garet, I hope that you are prepared for me to inflict my company on yon for a week ?" "You know, Robert, that we are very pleased to have you," answered Lady Mar garet; "but how null you amuse yourself in this quiet place ?" Robert laughed a light, pleasant laugh. His heart was at rest again, and life was no longer a dull, wearisome round of duties, and he had determined to enjoy it. " I'm easily amused," said he. "Miss Lee, will you take compassion on me and help to entertain me, as evidently Lady Margaret thinks that it will be a very serious task ?" "I will do what I can," said Annabel) smiling, and before they parted for the night Robert reminded her of this promise. "I am coming to you to be amused to morrow," he said. "What time may I come ?" "Whenever you like," answered Annabel. "How early will Bessie let me in, I wonder?" said Robert. " Do you think at twelve o'clock?" " How can you talk such nonsense ?" laughed Annabel. "Well, come at twelve, then and and at twelve Robert went. Before he did so, however, he had a little conversation with his uncle, the rector. "Uncle," he said, as the Rev. Charles Vere was calmly eating his breakfast, "have you any very poor and miserable family among your parishioners here ?" "Alas, my dear boy," answered the vector, shaking his head, " I fear that I have a great many poor and miserable families, and I'm sure any little help " "I don't want a fever case, mind," said Robert; "just a case of great destitution and poverty." "Do you mean that you wish to give some assistance, Robert ?" "I will gladly give some assistance," an swered Robert; " but I want the address of one or two." The rector drew out his memorandum-book and thoughtfully referred to it. "Hereis a sad case, now, Robert," he said. "Mrs. Wilson. Husband formerly a master joiner—was killed" (went on the rector, read ing his notes) "two years ago by a fall from a ladder. Long illness before death; spine in jury. Widow aged fifty-four, one daughter ill of consumption, four boys—all totally unpro vided for." "Miserable!" exclaimed Robert. What have you dene for them? ' "They have a few sliillings a week from the parish, and the mother takes in washing and the daughter sewing. The bo3"s—two at school, one of whom I pay for; two, apprentices. They are very poor, and I saw the young girl the other day, and I fear that she is dying." " What is their address ?" said Robert, taking out his pocket-book. "Number 15, Line-street—it is one of the worst parts of Sallford. Then two—yes, two doors further down, in the same street," went on the rector, "there "is Bridget Latimer, an old woman, seventy-nine, quite helpless from rheumatism, has three shillings a week from the parish ; all the rest private charity; very poor." "Poor soul!" sighed Robert, taking down the name and address. "Then there's the case of the Jack sons, continued the rector, but Robert put up his hand. "That is enough to-day, uncle," he said. "But I must not give you all this trouble fov nothing. Here is five pounds; will ^ you help some of these poor creatures with it ? ' "Indeed, I will thankfully do so,' said the rector, pocketing the money. "You have done a good deed, Robert, and 1 hope it will come back to you." "Sevenfold, no doubt, laughed Robert; and after a little further conversation on the same subject the rector and his nephew parted; Robert, about two hours later, pro ceeding to Redhouse to keep his appointment with Annabel. _ When he arrived there the door was opened for him by Bessie, with her violet satin petti coat on, which she yet wore on special occa sions, and she received Robert with a smile, which she only condescended to bestow on the very few that she delighted to honor. " Well, Bessie," said Robert; "why, you're looking better than ever." " Now, Mr. Vere, that just your chaff," said Bessie, primly ; " but I'm pretty middling just now." "Jenkins looks very dull, "continued Robert, following Bessie into the house. "I dined with Colonel Jemingham twice the other day, Bessie, and I heard poor Jenkins sigh." " Now, really, Mr. Vere, you're that ridiculous-like," said Bessie, highly delighted. " Just to hear you, now. Jenkins is a decent man enough, Ibelieve ; bet all males " " Are not to be trusted, Bessie," interrupted Robert; " you are quite right," and ha laughed heartily, and walked irrto the drawing room. Annabel, looking very pretty, rose to receive I.'im. "Did you hear ineflirting with Bessie!" he said, as lie shook Annabel's hand. " /es, X am quite ahwked at Beasie," answered Annabel smiling, "but ycW are a gnat favoiite of hers;* awl then itn&tbel; hhr?fced soft.'/, so-, she rf- saem'bsred what Bessie had said: abon Robert. "I'm pleased to hear Itiip.if-.." said Rofserfci, " I like people to like ine, and- X should think that B< s-jitc could bo a very s*«et«8* critic if af(& chose." "Ob, indeed she can." "And so you live here all? albne," said Robert, looking round the room ; "'liliis is your bower "Yes, and a very dull one," mswered Annabel, with a sigh. "Yet it's a comfortable, nice bright'voom." " Yes," said Annabel listlessly. "I have come to beg a great favor of you," went on Robert. "Well, what is it?" " I want you to come with me to see two poor women. I can't talk to them, you know, like a woman can, and I dare not go alone." (To be continued.) 