At ffl& Wtom.t.-': LIFE IN THE TRENCHES. ' A DEBPEfiATE ATTACK, TAIiTIE OF PEEEMASONET. ?'..'? A LEPE SAVED. I became a Mason before I obtained my majo rity in tlie — regiment of foot. I liad joined a celebrated lodge in the metropolis, and although at first I took but a languid interest in the busi ness, I soon became interested, and endeavoured to make myself familiar -with the teachings of the order! . My xegiment was at this time stationed in Chatham., but I always contrived to run ' up to town to attend lodge, and I usually found the Masonic banquets much more enjoyable than the mess dinners. I had taken two or three degrees in the order, and was looking forward in due time to filing some honourable office in the lodge, when war broke out between Britain and liussia. , We had been expecting hostilities, and im mediately upon the publication of the Queen's proclamation my regiment received orders to hold itself in readiness for active service. I had at once to give up all my dreams of Masonic ad vance, and prepare myself for the stem duties of the field. Many readers will doubtless remember the stirring incidents of the period of 'which. I am writing, and I need not dwell upon the details connected with our departure for th.6 Crimea. We were among the first to embark, and with our luggage we were crowded into one of those un comfortable troopships of the Urgent type, which were the best means of transport our Admiralty then . possessed. . . . Some of the regiments were embarked on board hired transports, and others were accommodated on board the lineof battle ships, which formed a portion of the fleet which was to attack the forts of Sebastopol. The voyage was an unpleasant one, but we did not mind that. Our fellows were delighted at the thought of active service in the field, find no one dreamed of the hardship and suffering we were fated to en dure. Our landing at Eupatpria, and the victory of the Alma., are facts of history, too well known to tieed any reference here. . . . Some of us were sanguine enough to believe that this victory had decided the fate of the Etissians. but we soon discovered that our task was only beginning. When the trenches were opened, we were among the troops ordered to the front, and from iirst to last we got more than our share of the fighting. We should not, however, have minded tliat if we had been properly eared for. We were a fortnight without tents, and when we got them they were a poor defence against tJie weather — mere rags, in fact, which admitted every breath of wind. I and two or three of the officers Blessed and slept together in a small tent, to the right of our position, and we soon found that the mess was a mere fiction. Hard bread and salt junk, with green coffee, were indeed served out to ub, but we had no comforts, and our private stores, upon which we had based our hopes, were on board our ship in Balaclava harbour, and we had no chance of getting them. Often have I, after spending a night on the damp ground, with no other shelter than our flimsy tent and a blanket, risen to breakfast off biscuits and cold water. The men, of course, were no better off than ourselves, and as winter ap proached a- great many of them were obliged to cut up their knapsacks into leggings, to defend their limbs froin the wet and mud of the trenches. What awful nights those were which we spent on duty at the front ! . . . . Salt junk, or salt horse, as the sailors call it, was beginning to tell upon us, and our mess at least was suffering from that indescribable longing for fresh meat, which must bs felt to be understood. The regiment which was quartered near us was French, and the men possessed a brute of a dog, which somehow pr; otiisr managed to keep a little flesh on its bones. We longed to shoot and dine off the rascal, which was continually prowling about our tent, but honour forbade us to attempt such an outrage. Gaston was known to be a great thief, and. we strongly suspected that he made free with our scanty rations ; but we could never catch him in the act, until, one memora able night, the rogue, forgetting his usual cau tion, slipped into our tent, and snatched a piece of pork before our very eyes. O'Flannigan of ouxs had been cleaning his revolver, and as the brute rushed past with his meat, he struck Tii-m a tremendous blow on the head -vrith the butt-end of the weapon. Poor Gaston roiled over with a cry which was a cross between a howl and a shriek, dropped the meat, turned up the whites of his eyes, and gave up the ghost. We were not lonsr in disposing of the body, and I must confess that roast dog is an excellent dish. . . . We had to pay for Gaston, though, through the nose. His comrades in the regiment soon cleared up the mystery of i-nq disappearance, and O'Flannigan and I had to exchange shots with a couple of fire eaters, who felt bound in honour to burn powder over the affair. But this little incident keeps me from the pith of my story. I have to tell how Freemasonry saved my life, and I hasten at once to the denoue ment. Our lines had been steadily pushed for ward toward the Russian batteries, and we were almost every day expecting a sortie, when, one eve-fling, as I was looking over the earthen parapet in the direction of the battery, which had been playing upon us all day, I thought I saw a dark and moving mass advancing upon our left. I hinted my suspicions to Major L., and we both watched carefully. Presently we saw the glitter of steel. ' That was the sword of an officer,' said L. ' The fool has been using the flat of it upon the back of a laggard. I am satisfied now that a large force is advancing upon us.' A few minutes sufficed to make bur few preparations to receive the enemy, and we waited the attack in sullen silence. The moment the head1 of the attacking column was plainly visible, .we commenced playing upon it with grape and cannister. The Russians rushed forward with a \ loud shout, and we replied with a volloy of musketry. The enemy was truly in great force, and .had soon reached the parapet of our works, when a' -desperate attack, on our part, with the bayonet, drove Mm back in great confusion. We rushed out of the trenches, and a hand-to-hand conflict took place in the darkness, the like oi which I have never seen since, and hope I shall never see again. The Russians were ably supported by . reinforcements from 'the rear, and 'we weie assisted by a brigade of French Infantry which came up as soon as the fiH^g was heard. We had driven the enemy-to the counter scarp of his own works, when he rallied, and made a desperate charge, under which our men reeled and retreated for a moment. la the straggle I received a bayonet wound in the side, and f elL A fresh column of Bussians had come out to relieve their comrades, and these fellows covered the re treat in ' a most masterly style. 'I expected every moment to receive the coup de grhce, for the recreating Bussians cruelly bayoneted our 'wounded as they lap helpless on the ground. A brute of a fellow had, indeed, brought his bayonet to the ohaxge, with the intention of finishing me, when, -with a sudden inspiration, I sprang to toy feet, seized the hand of an officer who stood near, and gave him the mgu. For tunately, he was a Mason. He, of course, in Efcanfcly Teturned it, while, with his sabre, he Ehrust back the deadly point which Vas levelled af my breast. My brotherly foe 'Immediately gave an order for my removal, and I was carried into shelter of the battery by the very man who, but for my happy thought, would have given me & happy dispatch to the other world. My wound was instantly attended to, and the nejrfc morning I received a visit from my preserver, who brought with him a surgeon, who soon made me com fortable as circumstances would admit. The story of my miraculous escape soon spread through the division,* aad I received many kind 'vieitB from Masons, who proved tkemaelyea to be brothers in word and deed. Many little comforts were contributed 4-j tbeae jgood fallows, with jfche view of -frwirSjig taj captivity as plea bant aa,( paudble. ? I ttw, of course; %or* ?ok bmt&t; 'for ' IJw renaninfor, .of the bam' paign. „,- I,, was/talcta Into' tkw interior as ?oca/ail t t»nJ4 |}S|a6wa* btfbiny atery went l^tivmo/alidc^&vercTrihere; jKoelved i^io.j|dAdeat wwi&ot; of very long duration, and I need not dwell m»n the subnqnont eveata of the war. Thod«akofthQ Oatt^Mriened ttejewkceu and I -was among the Srsfc of the jjnspnfes wi-o 'returned' to England. I need scarcely add that I have ever since been a most zealous Mason, and shall cherish the principles of the order as long as I live. Wheiil hear people railing against Masonry, or when captious critics demand to know what good the order has achieved, I usually tell my story, and I am tempted to relate it once again in the enduring form of letterpress, in the hope that the moral of' the incident may compel conviction in the mind of those who are too ready to believe that Masonry is merely humbug in disguise. B. 