Signor Bernacchi, (he lessee of Maria Island, seems to be the right man in the right place. As most of our readers are aware, this gentleman came over to Tasmania some twelve months ago for the purpose of observing whether its soil and climate would be suitable for silk culture and vine growing. He was recommended to visit Swanport, and when there he went over to Maria Island, which appeared to possess many advantages for carrying out the object he had in view. He lost some time negotiating with the Government for a lease of the island, but at length terms were arranged, to which Parliament assented. Mr Bernacchi, although an Italian by birth, has pitched his tent in Tasmania, where he will be known by the more familiar English appellation; and it will be seen that he does not intend to be a drone in the hive. Writing from Melbourne to the Mercury some time in February he furnishes the public with much interesting information about his doings. He went over to Victoria for the purpose of looking at the vineyards in that colony, one of which he describes at some length — that of Messrs. De Castella and Rowan, near Lilydale, on the Yarra. The wines of St. Hubert, which is the name of the vineyard, are said to be equal to the best wines of Europe, with the exception of the choicest qualities reserved for wealthy connoisseurs. They were awarded at the Melbourne International Exhibition, of 1880-81, the Emperor of Germany's grand prize, consisting of a magnificient service of plate, £1000 in value. Mr Bernacchi considers that the climate of St. Hubert is much colder than that of Maria Island, in support of which opinion he observed that the peaches were not so far advanced at the Victorian vineyard as they were at Maria Island. Mr De Castella also told him that he experiences very sharp frosts in winter, and sometimes also in spring, whilst he has repeatedly had his vineyard under snow. He tried to grow oranges, but they proved a partial failure on account of the frosts. It is certainly news to hear that snow lies often on the banks of the Australian Yarra, and we think such a statement would go down better with a little of Mr De Castella's hock ; but at the same time Mr Bernacchi's impressions as to the superiority of the climate on the east coast of Tasmania are, we know, correct. Swanport, and Maria Island in particular, may be said to possess all the climatic qualifications necessary for vine-growing, the atmosphere being quite as dry and warm as that of the south of France and Italy. Cold westerly winds are unknown, and the coast line in that locality is protected from tne south in some measure by Maria and Schouten Islands. Mr Bernacchi is making a bold venture, seeing that the cultivation of the vine has never been tried in this colony on an extensive scale and on scientific principles. He is entitled to every encouragement, and most heartily do we wish him success in his undertaking. He states that it is his intention to begin work at once on Maria Island, and to have 50 acres under vines this year, besides extensive plantations of mulberry trees, oranges, lemons, and olives — the whole -embracing 100 acres of land ; and he further remarks: — ' The soil and climate of a great part of Tasmania, and especially of the East Coast, is eminently favorable to the growth and cultivation of the mulberry and vine, and particularly for the best flavored, sound, and wholesome claret, on account of its temperate climate. I should, therefore, recommend Tasmanians to try, even on a small scale, a similar plantation ; and 1 sn^il gladly Bupply them with every possible information. I should also like very much to see Tasmanians drinking more light wines, once it is rendered a cheap beverage, and supersede the use of those heady and doctored alchslic compounds so much in favor at present. The experience of older nations has shown beyond doubt that the people of wine-growing countries are sober in their habits, and that the consumption of light wines is conducive to temperance and health.' While agreeing with Mr Bernacchi in some of the above remarks, we differ from him in his rather hastily formed opinion that a great part of Tasmania is suited to vine culture. On the North Coast grapes would seldom if ever ripen, except in sheltered nooks, the climate throughout the whole year being too humid, and the autumn being too frosty and cold. The same would apply, we think, to all our districts except Swanport, although grapes do very well in the towns where the vine obtains artificial shelter. In the Glamorgan or Swanport district, however, there is ample scope for extensive vineries. The climate is quite different from the other parts of the island, and altogether suitable for Mr Bernacchi's experiment. The settlers in that part of the country would do wisely to adopt Mr Bernacchi's suggestions, and make small plantations on trial, preparatory to more extensive operations, if the Maria Island wine turns out to be a success, of which tbere can be but little doubt. In regard to the silk culture, proposed to be carried out on Maria Island, we can offer no opinion. The late Mr Charles Macarthur, of this town, introduced the white mulberry, and distributed plants to residents in various parts of the colony. These grew luxuriantly both in the country and in the Town Park (which was then the public garden, under Mr Wade's superintendance), but beyond Mr Macarthur's amateur silk worm establishment, Mr Charles Kent's, and a few others, we are not aware that any effort was made to promote the industry; therefore, in a few years the mulberries being of no value were rooted out of the gardens. Since that time Colonel Crawford, a retired Indian officer, contemplated establishing the industry at the Castra settlement, on the Forth and Leven Rivers; but that too, expired, without the sign of any practical development. Mr Thureau's latest report, the receipt of which we acknowledged on Monday, contains information which will be read by many disappointed shareholders in the several mines of Mount Victoria, with a species of doubtful satisfaction arising from a re-perusal of the way their money has gone, and vain regret that it should have been needlessly expended in such large amounts, when the exercise of proper economy and common sense in its expenditure would have considerably restricted their losses in calls, and in some cases might have resulted in profitable returns 'ere now. In Mr Thureau's opinion there are three main direct causes which have rendered the field unremunerative; they are the general hardness of the country, the small width of the reef, sand the defective gold-saving appliances, to which is added in certaincases mis- management. The report is decidedly favorable to the future prospects of the field, notwithstanding its seeming failures. 'It will be admitted,' he says, 'that these aureferous deposits are at present the most extensive we have in Tasmania, ana that, thereiore, all impediments to their general development should be removed by every means that can be used for the purpose.' Certainly its extent cannot be contradicted as the largest in the country, as for over three miles on Mount Victoria proper, and for six — if we take in Messrs. Kerrigan and Hickson's claim to the south (not mentioned in this report) — golden stone has been discovered of varying richness. It may therefore be reasonably expected that the reefs will continue in depth, an opinion which Mr Thureau holds also, and mentions the dyke of volcanic rock intersected in the Crown Prince tunnel, as characteristic of ihe Sandhurst country, where the reefs recur at various levels down to 1920ft. But so far, he says, none of the reefs have been tested beyond 200ft, though very good stone has been got under foot at some of the deeper levels. To attain lower levels he recommends, with regard to the Premier and adjoining claims, that the companies should jointly contribute to the driving of a main tunnel at a much lower level than those at present in existence, when all the reefs in that part of the field could be wrought much more economically than hitherto. This expedient, however, is at the present time an impossibility till speculators have recovered hope and the losses lately experienced. This is, we fancy, the main 'impediment' to the development of the field, and which only the unqualified success of one or more claims in the field will remove. Possibly, when the Mount Victoria pays regular dividends, confidence may be restored and the attempt made, but at present the scheme is out of the question, unless done by the Government, a polioy on which they show a disinclination to enter. Of the Mount Victoria Company's mine he speaks very briefly, and criticises not at all, except to say that the main adit is a veiy creditable piece of work — a statement deserved doubtless if only the adit had been put in the right place and direction. Of the Mercury he speaks hopefully, but very desparagingly as to its battery and its former management. In doing so he states what we firmly believe to be the chief factor in the failures of this field. The batteries have been kept going by mullock instead of quartz ; the levels have not been kept ahead of the stopes ; and the more expensive process of underhand stoping has consequently been resorted to ; and lastly, the batteries are old fashioned and lose the gold. In connection with this mine and the Victoria, two very important facts are stated : the former, up to the date of his visit, had crushed 1689 tons of quartz for an average of 17dwt 5gr of gold per ton, the latter 1940 tons for an average of 17dwt 12gr of gold per ton. Notwithstanding this yield no dividends were obtainable, though certainly the Mercury Company declared one, but then that was totally opposed to all business principles, and need not be taken into consideration. The question the pablic wish to be answered, and which Mr Thureau has neglccted to do, is — If these returns are not payable, what average would be so, ceteris paribus ? The Mount Victoria Company has a good balance in hand from its recent crushings, but the public would like io know the actual yield necessary to clear expenses in working a mine with a reef of the same average, width, and with similar facilities. We are told that a reef of a similar width in Victoria would be payable with a much smaller yield, and people are anxious to know why so large a yield is necessary in Tasmania. As to the actual average per ton that the stone contains, Mr Thureau can form no opinion, owing to the mullock put through with the quartz, and the faulty saving appliances in use. As an instance, he states he obtained from one dish of tailings, 40ft from the Mercury battery, l½lb of valuable pyrites, and several globules of mercury, evidently charged with gold To remedy this he recommends the boxes being lined with strips of electro-plated copper, the action on which of the water acidulated by the presence of sulphurets, generates an electro-galvanic reaction highly favorable to amalgamation. Besides this, he advocates the introduction of a machine called 'Hunter's rubber' for the more complete trituration and amalgamation of the ores. It is in this direction that reformation is mainly needed. The Mount Victoria gold, in addition to being fine, is also greatly associated with other ores, to separate it from which some contrivance of this kind is absolutely necessary. The simplest process of effecting this object that we know of is to intoduce Chilian mills below the plates. After being perfectly ground in these the dirt then passes on to the blanket tables, and is treated in the ordinary manner. The machine recommended by Mr Thureau has, however, been received with favor in California, and as it also concentrates and amalgamates it should be a multum in parvo, greatly to be desired in gold mining. The above are the main features of the report, and to borrow the inspector's words, if the quartz is only systematically and conjointly worked, and proper saving appliances employed, we shall see abundance of payable quartz obtained somewhere in the dim vista of the future. The honor conceded to the New South Wales contingent of being brigaded with the Scots, ' Grenadier, and Coldstream , Quards is one perhaps never before con ferred on any newly-raised regiment. We have no doubt it will be appreciated at its full value by the gallant men who have 1 set so excellent an example to British subjects throughout all Her Majesty's Colonial possessions in proof of the practicability of Imperial Federa tion. The gentlemanly conduct and power of self-control of the Aus tralian cricketers, who first made Australia famous for prowess in the cricket field, raised them to even a higher status in -society than their wonderful skill in the great British game. The Australian regi ment now in the Soudan has many men in its ranks competent to impress this important fact on the minds of their comrades. The honor and credit, as well as the valor of the Australias, are invested in their hands, and we have no doubt but theirlove of the country they represent, added to their c sprit dc corps, will enable them to maintain the high character they are credited with at present. They were to have advanced with the main body, under General Graham, on the Tamai road, yesterday, but the change in the tactics of Osman Digna bai caused delay. The statement made in the Daily News of i Tuesday, to the effect that Osman Digna had sent a flag of truce to General Graham, asking what terms of peace he demanded, is an - absurd canard. So far from its being corroborated by our telegrams from Suakim, up to midnight on Tuesday, it is not in any way referred to. Osman Digna has withdrawn his forces from Hasheen and villages on the Tamai-road, evidently with the intention of massing them at some pass or passeB on the route General Gra ham's force is about to take to reach Tamai, and he will be heard of ere long without any flag of truce in his hand. Osman could gain nothing by coming to terms with General Graham. His force is not beleagured in any gar rison or city. He and his hord ; of Arab irregulars are free as the winds, and have all the Soudm before them, where to choose a convenient fighting-place. Telegraphic Communication During Easter Holidays — The Hon. W. H. Burgess, Treasurer, has made very satis factory arrangements for keeping the colony in communication with the rest of the world during the Easter holidays. The Hobart, Launceston, and Low Head offices will be kept open all day on Good Friday and Easter Monday, and com munication will be available through to Melbourne for the transmission of urgent or important messages. On Good Friday the countrv offices will be closed all dav. On Easter Monday they will close from 10 a.m. till 6 p.m. On Saturday and Sunday all offices will be open at the usual hours. The Easter Encampment. — At 8 30 this evening the Northern contingent of the Tasmanian forces will leave by train for the scene of the encampment at Mona Vale, near Ross. The Volunteers will assemble at the drill yard this evening at 7 '30, and. will march to the station, the Artillery, as usual, being at the head, then the Rifle Band, and the red-coat regiment in the rear. The troops will be let down at the siding near Mona Vale, and have only about half a mile to walk to reach the tented field. A number of Volunteers ! were hard at work vesterdav landino t.ha three ton guns and the two field pieces on the trucks at the Main Line Railway, and they will accompany the troops to day. The baggage train, with six Volun teers in charge, is already nearly fitted up, and will leave this morning at 9 o'clock. As there is likely to be a crush at the station this evening, we are re quested by the local station master, Mr W. Sutton, to state that no one will be allowed on the platform excepting those having tickets. We are glad to learn from the Mercurv that the Treasurer has. with his usual courtesy, come to the rescue of the ' Gentlemen of the Press,' who are to represent the Fourth Estate at Mona Vale, at the Easter Encampment. It having been reported to him that the Commandant had expressed grave doubts of being able to afford them tent accom modation, Mr Burgess wrote to Colonel Legge, on Monday evening, informing him that the tent which had been set apart for the Defence Minister could be placed at their disposal. The Southern contingent will leave Hobart at 7 p.m. to-day. LAUNCESTON Volunteer Rifle Regi ment. — The members of this corps mustered again last night in heavy march ing order complete. They appeared in capital order, and the equipments were well set up. There were 100 of all ranks on parade, including the following officers : — Major Aikenhead, Paymaster Rooke, Captains Room and Martin, Lieutenants Gould and Fairthorne. The equipments of the men were inspected by the captains of companies and by the Commanding Officer, who enquired if every man had his full kit in the valise. The regiment was then exercised in brigade drill by Sergeant-Major Welsh. Orders were read to the following effect : — Corporals Gould and Field were pro- moted to be sergeants, vice Sams and Beasley, promoted, and Privates Gee, Wraith, Lawrence, and Beach were pro- moted to lance corporals. It was notified that Corporal John Sale had withdrawn his resignation, and would revert to the rank of private at his own request. Before dismissing these companies the captains informed the men that rifles could be taken home, in order to get them 'tn clean for camp. Latter B company was told off by Captain Martin into the following squads of 12 for each tent : — No. l tent — Color-Sergt. Connell, Corporal Blundell, Lance. - Corporal Holmes, Privates Bergmen, Ruston, Hardy, Patou, Keen, Ure, R. Carey, Douglas, E. G. Spotswood. No. 2 tent— Sergt. Reed, Lance Corporal Beach, Privates Thomson, Weetman, Johnson, Glover, Elliot, Irvine, Young, Fawns, Willersdoy, Searson. No. 3 tent— Sergt. Dooley, Sergt. Koeppl, Lance-Corporals Taylor, Gibbs ; Privates Dooley, Dredge, Giblin, Howell, Blundell, Brown, Herbert, Beck. No. 4 tent — Sergt. M'Lennan, Lance Corporals M'Lennan, Trowbridge ; Privates, Prismall, Finn, Ready, Ker- shaw, Bignell, Orbell, Ellis, Whitchurch, Smith. Every man is requested to be on parade to-night, at 7.'30 sharp, as the train leaves at 8.30 p.m., and there will be no time to spare. The Cadet Corps mustered last night to the number of 36. They were examined by Major Aikenhead, who said he hoped to see them behave properly in camp. He warned them that he would be kind but firm, and would punish any offence with severity. Every cadet must be on parade at 7.30 sharp to-night. Quarter- master Sams, Sergeant Hogg, and a squad of men leave by the 8.30 a.m. train this morning for the camp in charge of all regimental property. The Stanley Company. — 'Les Cloches de Corneville' was repeated last night at the Mechanics' Institute by this talented company to a house which, though moderate in number, showed itself highly appreciative of the excellent spirit and. vo-al ability with which these juvenile artistes perform the parts allotted to them. 31ie pvt taken by Master R. Stephenson, that of the old miser Gaspard, is a very clever piece of acting throughout, resulting in his being called before the curtain at the close of the second act in recognition of his capital conception of the old miser's love for his gold, and terror at tne discovery ot Ms hiding places, and when the curtain dropped on the scene of the now wander ing and insane old man, driven mad by the living ghosts of the old armouty of the castle, he was compelled to reappear in responsa to the -burst of applause that followed. His best supporter was the baillie, Master C. Favarger, who evidently has a keen sense of humor, and knows how to express it, and his shadow, G-A-o, Miss D. Quinan, treads close on his heels figuratively, as well as literally. Mass Amelia Hodge made a very sprightly Serpolette, and promises well as an actor of the livelier characters of opera bouffe, while her voice, if pro perly cared for, will gam her notoriety ere long. Miss Amy ChUds as the Marquis, Mi&s; F. Stanley as Grenichen, and Miss Schlerika as Germaine, came ' to the front very well in their duets, but are hardly so good in dialogue, into which they might throw a little more spirit and expression. One very juvenile performer plays a great part in the third act, where he appears as page to Serpo lette. He is Master Walter Harman, who took the part of the Midshipmite in ' Pinafore.' He has a fortune in face and motion, and if kis voics and enuncia tion are as good, he should become a noted comedian in course of time. To-night the ' Grand Duchess' will be performed for the first time, a piece equally as taking as the last three performed by this com pany, and for which their powers are especially suited, so they may expect a good attendance to greet their first per formance of it. Athletic Sports. — The King's Meadows Cricket Club have added a Hurdle Race to the programme, the distance being 200yds ; entrance Is, and accep 1'. Entries for this last race can be made on the ground, and a reference to the advertisement will show that a good response has been made to the call for entries in the 200yds Handicap, also the distances allowed each competitor. There have been several additions to the list of trophies, notably those given by Messrs. Irvine and M'Eachern and G. Dean. All that is required for success to the meeting is tine weather, and we hope that the club will not have to complain upon that score. Easter Holidays Postal Arrangements. — Good Friday, Saturday, and Monday next having been gazetted public holidays; the Pos.t Office, Launceston, will ' be closed as follows : —Good Friday will be observed as a close holiday, no delivery of letters by the letter carriers will take place, and, excepting the letter boxes j being open, tne office will not otherwise be open to the public. On Saturday and Monday there will be a morning delivery of letters by the letter-carriers, beginning at 10 o'clock (letters must be posted by 9 '30 o'clock), and the Post Office will be closed from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Satur day, and from 10 a.m. to & p.m. on Mon day. No interruption will take place in the receipt and despatch of mails, and the ' letter-receivers ' will be cleared morn ing and evening on the above-mentioned days, the letters reaching the Post Office ? t a rr, on-1 K-9 n m The Wesleyah Ladies' College. — Some few months ago the Committee of Management for the erection of a Wes leyan Ladies' College at Launceston pur chased the house and grounds known as Oikburn, on the Elphin-road, for £3000. The committee recently invited tenders for extensive alterations and additions — in fact, for the main portion of the college— as the house Oakburn will be used as the residence for the principal and his family. Yesterday the committee held a meeting to consider the tenders, and accepted that of Messrs. Thompson and Bushby at £4400. The institution is to be erected by the end ot JSovemner. Temperance Demonstration. — The various juvenile teiparance sosi«iies will make a grand demonstration on Easter Monday. A procession of the societies will leave Prince's Square at 2*15 p.m., for the Pavilion, People's Park, and the public will be admitted to the Pavilion at 3 p.m. In the evening there will be a torchlight procession of the different societies in re galia, which 'will leave the Temperance Hall, York- street, at 7 p.m. sharp. _ The attractiveness of the proceedings will be augmented by short addresses from popular speakers, and special selections of mutic by a large choir. As the ex penses are great, 'freewill offerings will be taken at the door, admission being free by ticket only, obtainable from the committee at the Y.M.C.A. rooms. A committee meeting of the Juvenile Temperance Society was held last evening, when the essays in connection with the prize com petition were handed in and forwarded to the judges for their decision. The City Baud Promenade Concert. —This evening the City Band, under the conductorsbip of Mr A. Wallace, will give the last of their series of promenade concerts at the Town Park. An excellent idea has been adopted by Mr Wallace for the programme to be gone through on this occasion. The whole of the music which this first-class band can perform will be handed to the patrons of the I concert as uiey emur uie gaits, mm. auy piece that they may choose will be played. The repertoire t)f this band is a very extensive one, and the last concert this season promises to eclipse any of ite predecessors. Northern Tasmanian Cycling Club. — The first cycling run of the season in the North took place last evening, when1 Messrs. E. and A. Miller, C. Still, Taylor, Duffy, and Robson, members of the Northern Tasmanian Cycling Club, jour neyed out to Breadalbane. The cyclists started from town at 7*45 p.m., and after : an hour's spin reached their destination, and returned to town at 10 '10 p.m. The roads were found very good for the major portion of the distance, and the ride was a most enjoyable one. Bowling Match. — The first regular bowling match that has ever been played in Northern Tasmania was concluded on that excellent green belonging to the newiy-iormeu uaunceston rsowung uiuo yesterday. The game was commenced some days ago, but terminated yesterday, after a moat exciting contest. The sides chosen were — Messrs. P. Evans, John stone, J. M. Porter, and A. Hopwood, against Messr?. Pearce, Jas. Coulter, A. Wallace, and J. H. Lithgow. On Satur day last Mr Evans' side had gained 40 points to Mr Pearce's 20, but the latter side played a splendid uphill game towards the last, and won by two points, the scores being -51 points 'to €3. Benevolent Society. — The usual com mittee meeting ,of the Benevolent Society was held at the, Town Hall, yesterday afternoon, when there were present : Messrs. E. L. Ditcham (Chairman), G. Baker, J. Stephenson, G. Babington, A. W. Birchall, T. H. Urqnhart, and the secretary, Mr J. Tevelein. The election nf nfficera for t.ha ennninor mar voa fho first business, and Mr E. L. Ditcham was elected chairman, Mr J. Stephenson, vice-chairman ; Mr G. Babington, trea surer ; and Mr J. Tevelein, secretary. The roll was then called, and the minutes read and confirmed, after which two ap plications for relief were considered, and granted. The accounts for £he year, amounting to £53 lis, were passed for payment. Cricket. — Tomorrow morrow at 8 o'clock, a team of Bohemians will start by train for Latrobe, where they meet the New Town Club, and a match has been arranged to take place on Saturday morn ing at 10 o'clock. The following are the teams : — Bohemians — J. Carter, E. Quany, A. Lawrance, C. Dix, W. Nibbs, J. Hutton, W. Huttoa, D. Connacher, W. Brown, A. Richardson, H. Henri, A. Davey, J. M 'Donald. Jsew Town—C. Heaps (capt.), J. Heaps, A. Heaps, A. Mence, G. Smith, G. Smith, C. A. Jaques, J. Nibbs, C. W. Shaw, G. Ben nett, J. Huttou. Ross. — Our correspondent at Ross writing yesterday, states that considerable interest is centred there on the Volunteer Encampment, which takes place on the Mona Vale estate, during the Easter holidays, and he expects that a large number of inhabitants of Ross will be on the ground to witness the manoeuvering. Satisfactory arrange ments have been made for the convey ance of passengers to the encampment ground. The roof of the new Wesleyan Church is now being placed on, and it is expected that in about three months the building will be ready for holding Divine service. Post Office Regulations — Mr Windeatt, the local postmaster, received the following teleeram yesterday from 'Mr A. C. Douglas, the secretary to the Postal Department of Tasmania : — ' The Hon. tne Treasurer approves or country post offices observing Good Friday as a close holiday, excepting that mails will be re ceived and despatched aB usual.' Main Line Railway. — Mr C. H. Grant, general manager of the T.M.L. Railway, has decided to issue day trip tickets for the benefit of those who wish to attend the Easter Encampment at Mona Vale. The fares from Hobart to Mona Vale and back are to be 10s first class, and 7s 6d second, whilst those who go from Launceston will have to pay 7s fid first, and 6s second class. Bishop Sandford. — His Lordship the Bishop,' who has been on a visit to the North, holding confirmation services at George Town, Beaconsfield, and Lefroy, returned to Hobart yesterday, per the express train. - VISCOUNT LYMINGTON'S TOUR. — Viscount Lymington, the eldest son of the Earl of Portsmouth, and member for Barnstaple since 1880, is, according to an English journal, about to make a tour of the British colonies. Commencing with the West Indies, he will make his way to Canada, and then proceed via San Francisco to Australia. Ho de sires to make himself well acquainted with the resources of the great out lying dependencies of the Empire. He will start soon after his marriage with Miss Beatrice Pease on Shrove Tuesday, his wife, of course, accompanying him on his tour round the world. Miss Pease, it may be remarked, was born a quakere'ss I and is very wealthy. ' Sporting. — From the Mercury we learn that the Tasmanian Racing Club have altered the order of their pro gramme, which is to be decided on Satur day, the 2oth of the present month. The Maiden Plate is the first event upon the card, and then follows the Autumn Handicap, Hurdle Race, Flying Handi cap, and Consolation Stakes in the order given. It is a pity that, whilst altering the order of events, the committee did not see their way clear to insert a steeplechase in the programme, for if they had we feel sure that when the nominations (which are due on Tuesday next) are handed in, the ' cross- country' work would have filled as well, if not better, than some of the others. The Midland Jockey Club have issued a pro gramme, to be run off at Oatlands about the first.week in next month, that is, if tne Uatlands and Parattan railway is opened about that time. There are five events to be decided, amongst which there is a Steeplechase. Speaking of steeplechases reminds us that several 'sports' about Launceston have ex pressed a wish to see the painting of Denmark, which has been executed by Mr F. Woodkouse, the well-known equine artist, for the former owner, ' Mr S. M. j Wilson,' and we feel sure that if the latter gentleman would allow it to be exhibited in a conspicuous place for a few days, he would receive the thanks of those who are content to see even a painting of a good horse. The Late Mr Henry Wilkinson. — This old resident, who expired, the Mercury says, at his residence on Tuesday morning, was the last member of a respectable and numerous family of colonists, who arrived in Tasmania over 60 years ago. The deceased entered the public service in early life, and as a surveyor laid out the town of Launceston more than half a century back. On the institution of the Caveat Board he was, from his intimate knowledge of the early grants, selected as its secretary, and for many years discharged the duties of his office with credit to himself and the satisfaction of the board. On the abolition of that institution he retired from official life, and for some time pursued the practice of his profession as a surveyor. He subsequently accepted the office of assistant town clerk, the duties of which he so satisfactorily discharged that he was, after 12 years' service, when the vacancy occurred in August 1867, appointed Town Clerk. This office he filled for 16 years, but desiring a well-earned rest, he retired in February, 1883, when he was presented with a substantial testimonial to his worth. Since then he has lived in privacy. He was an extraordinary man for his years, and from his long residence in the colony, his wonderful memory, his methodical habits, and his intimate knowledge of its history, in all its ramifications, he was regarded as a local encyclopaedia. He was one of the oldest Masons in Tasmania, and held high degrees in the mystic craft. He was about until very recently, and none but those who knew him longest would take the light-hearted, cheery, and still active Harry Wilkinson to have been an octogenarian. In his time he had been the hero of many a social gathering, but his old friends have gone before him, though many will miss the old Town Clerk who, whether in prosperity or adversity, was a never-failing friend. The deceased leaves a -widow and a grown-up family, of which Captain Wilkinson, of the Nautilus, is the eldest son, by his first marriage, to mourn their loss. Miscellaneous. — The proceedings against William Barnes, the alleged mur derer of the late J. B, Slack, have been concluded at the South Melbourne Court. Evidence was giVen as to the identity of the jewellery pledged by the prisoner at various pawnshops, and a number of wit nesses swore to having seen the prisoner, or a man very much like him, on several occasions in the vicinity of the house of Slack prior to his death. The examina tion closed shortly before 1 o'clock, and theprisonerhavingreservedhisdefence.was committed to take his trial at the sessions of the Central Criminal Court, to be held on 15th April. — Speaking of the war scare, the Melbourne Daily Telegraph says : — The one injunction needed by a good many papers, just now is 'Don't scream 1' — The Victorian police are de termined to improve the quality of the liquors sold in public- houses, both in town and country, but they have the assistance of a prompt Government analyst, which we have not, if we may judge from the result of Superintendent Armstrong's late efforts in that direction. Last week they 'nailed' two bonifaces at Horsham for selling spurious spirits under well- known trade marks. The police, as a rule, prefer good liquor. — A tobacconist, named Martin, attempted suicide in Russell-street, Melbourne, by swallowing a glass of opium. He was taken to the hospital, and a stomach pump employed, but he died the next day. — An old woman, named Loys Cooper, 84 years of age, has been found dead at Port Melbourne, with her head and shoulders immersed in a tub of water. Verdict, 'Drowned herself.' — At the inaugural banquet of the new Masonic Hall in Melbourne, Mr Biden cope responded for Tasmania to the toast of 'The Visitors.' — Causes of death given at five inquests in Mel bourne last week were heart disease. — A number of competitions will take place on May 23 next at the Friendly Societies' Gardens, Melbourne, between members of the various Fire Brigades. — The following has a taste of the brogue in it : — Bridget Murphy was charged with -threatening to kill, and violently assault ing John Murphy, her husband, who is a marine store dealer. She is of intem perate habits, and they have been bicker ing for years. When under the influence of liquor the woman taunts her husband in eveiy possible way, and will not allow the children to go to school. — A pro mising youth, named Andrew James Joseph, of Carlton, aged 17, was charged at that Police Court with assaulting his mother, who stated he had been ' spong ing' on her for months, and frequently aiuanltail Jinr hv. thrnwincr 3fnivp.fi And other contents of the house at her.— Utopia is still somewhere hovering near us, at least we should imagine so, judging from the following : — 'A Mine Managers' Association has been formed at a meeting held at Ballarat. About 30 manageis joined the association, the object of which is to maintain the rights and privileges of mine managers, and to protect the rights of capital and labor. The most important rule adopted runs: — 'Members of this association shall work their mines for the best interest of the mining investor, and shall in no case whatsoever become airectiy or indirectly parties to any uniair or untruthful report as to the prospects of the mines under their charge ; and upon, or in the event of any valuable new dis covery being made in any mine under the charge of any member of this association, such member shall immediately report the same through the legal manager. Any infringement of this rule will be followed by the summaiy expuls:on from the asso ciation of the member so offending.'' — The Chief Secretary of S -uth Australia received a telegram from the Governor of Bombay last week : — ' Government will be obliged if you can send to Bombay by next mail 34,0001b corned beef. Regiment Indiau Government.' — Major Jervois tales command of the South Austral an military forces until the arrival of Brigadier-General Owen. — The South Australian Government offer premiums of nih- ? J r — 4-l.n life-fiiva Xiivo ana sbi o iur via uoou _ portraits in oils of the late Sir R. R. Torrens, the father of the now celebrated I 'Torrens Act.' — An attempt iB being made to form a Meat-Freezing Company j at some South Australian port, probably i Port Augusta. j A doctor considers tight lacing a public I benefit, inasmuch as it kills off the foolish girls and leaves the wise ones to grow into women. Mr Sala's Lectures. — In dealing with 'Shows and Pageants' (says the Mel bourne Daily Telegraph) Mr Sala repro duced many beautiful scenes of great events, painting them in bright and vivid colors. The first great show he was an eye-witness of was the accession of Queen Victoria to the Throne and her coronation in 1838. He confessed to having but a dim recollection of this great pageant, being then but a boy. Immediately after wards he was sent to school in France, and the next great show that fell to his lot to witness took place on a bleak November morning in 1840. He saw the great funeral cortdge of Napoleon the Great from a leafless tree, where he was perched. With a sudden transition, the lecturer passed on to 1851, the occasion of the great international exhibition at Hyde Park. This was looked upon as the be ginning of a long and peaceful era, when it was hoped that the Bword would be con verted into the ploughshare. He recalled the presence of the Duke of Wellington, than whom he recollected no one with more pride and joy, Mr Sala described, in a very humorous manner, his introduc ing Professor Holloway, of pill and oint ment celebrity, to William Makepeace Thackeray, the author of 'Vanity Fair.' The professor was very anxious to have an introduction to the great author, and it was accordingly done. Thackeray, with a polite bow, received Holloway with, ' I hope you will live longer than your patients.' Holloway was not favorably impressed, and remarked to the lecturer, ' I think I can buy him four times over.' He next described the obsequies of the great hero of a hundred fights, the inter ment of the Duke of Wellington at St. Paul's — one of the most beautiful of pageants — a sight never to be forgotten. The first review of volunteers at Hyde Park was an occasion to be remembered. An4 4-Iia TnnfnuaK kn'ofltr fntiAhorl linnn fllA matter as a national event not to be con signed to oblivion. After referring to the opening of the second exh.biti m in 1862, Mr Sala tersely described the f unoral cere monies of the Prince Consort, Napoleon ITT , and the murdered Czar of Russia, the installation of King Alphonso of Spain, and the coronation of the piesent Czar at Moscow. Mr Sala graphically described all these shows and pageants, and in his wonderful transition from grave to gay, and contrariwise, gave a most agreeable entertainment of two hours' duration. Pugilistic Warfare. — A prize fight took place on Sunday between Peter . Newton, pugilist, of Melbourne, and Maloy, a Tasmanian, at Broadmeadowa, for £50 a-side. In one of the rounds Newton fell, and received a severe injury to one ot niB eioows. ne was umvey.eu to the Melbourne Hospital, where he ar rived at a quarter to 6 in the evening, and had the injury attended, after which he proceeded to his home. The arrange ments for the fight were carried out so strictly that the city police had no intima tion of it, and could not, therefore, take proceedings to prevent it. Imperial Federation. — A telegram in Alta California from London, dated 11th February, says: — 'The Morning Post combats the position taken by _ Mr John Bright on the question of British Imperial federation. The Post urges a closer knitting of Canada with England to insure the protection of England's in creasing commerce in China as against the encroachments by France and Russia. Continuing, the paper says : — * England has no possession in the Pacific region, and aspires to none. The com pletion of the Canadian Pacific Railroad will provide England with a new route to Hong Kong, occupying but little over a a month, 16 days less than the Suez Canal . route. The new route would enable England to land troops in China at least 10 days in advance of troops starting at the same time from Marseilles, or Rus sian troops from Odessa, in the event of the Suez Canal falling into hostile hands. Canada might even send 20,000 or 30,000 men, which she could easily spare in an emergency, in 25 days. It all depends upon the cultivation of good feeling be tween Canada and England.' ' Sweetness and Light. — He] was late, and he was not altogether as he ought to have been. He saw by the light in the window that she was waiting for him, and he trembled, well knowing that he merited severe rebuke. As he entered the room she began, 'This is a nice time of ? .' 'My dear,' he interrupted, 'you can't tell what I was — hie — thinking of just now ; rather what you reminded me of as I came in — the lamp on the table and yon sitting close by it. You and the lamp reminded me of the philosophy of which Matthew Arnold is the 'postle — you and the lamp — Bee?' 'No, I don't see. That is a nice ? .' ' Well — hie— Fll show you. Matthew Arnold is the 'postle of sweetness and light. Well, yon and the lamp fill the bill — sweetness and light. The lamp's the light and you are the sweetness.' ' You foolish fellow,' said she, with a smile, ' what are you standing there for. Let me help you off with your coat.' Fatted Jerseys. — Among noteworthy facts of recent displays of fatted beasts must be mentioned what is called a ' run- ' ning calf,' which formed part of the i Christmas meat Bhown by a butcher in i Norwich. A running calf means the off [ spring of a cow or heifer which is reared I on the dam, both being fed with a view to early slaughter. If the dam giveB a fair, quantity of rich milk, very wonderful young beasts are produced in this way. Of course, when the dam's milk is poor, or where the other food is injudiciously selected, failure will result. In the in stances rererred to, the running calf was the produce of a Jersey dam, and the breed of the sire was not stated. The young animal was only eleven months old, and had a carcase weight of no more than 29st-of 141b. To this there was actually 10st of suet. Such a proportion is enor mous, and could only have been produced by sucking a dam whose milk contained a very unusual proportion of butter fat, the cow bring so fed throughout as to stimu late to the utmost a natural inclination to secrete butter-fat. Supposing this suet to be converted inta butterine, to what extent would it differ from the ordinary produce of the chum. A Hard Hit. — This didn't appear in the New South Wales dailies : in the:r report of the Local Option League meet ing, but, nevertheless, it is the joke of a century. One of the members had written to the council clerk (a friend of his) at Evanston, U.S., for -statistics touching that town, where strong drink is prohibited, and he received the following reply, whish he read aloud to the League with much satisfaction. It was as fol lows : — ' Dear Mr M'Slummox — I am proud to be able to inform the League that no one has been seen drunk about the sfrfifih vnn norA loef nn licra . Respectfully, Jay Eve.' Then there was a roar. But it was not until he had washed away the cobwebs of his brain by means of seven portergaSs and a rum and-cloves, that it gradually dawned on Mr M'Slummox what they had been laughing about. — Bulletin. Mr F. W. Banes advertises a considerable variety of preserved fish at very low rates. Mr W. Anderson notifies that he has a splendid lot of poultry, fish, cheese, etc., for sale cheap. Mr W. Overall intimates that Saturday next will be the last day of his cheap sale. Pastor Hiddlestone will give an evening of sacred song in the Christian Mission Church on Oond Friday evening, and Pastor Bird wili deliver short addresses between each piece. | Everything in nature indulges in amusement. The lightning plays, th wind whistles, the thunder rolls, the snow flies, the waves leap, and the fields Bmil Even the buds shoot, and the rivers run A fast youth asked at a restaurant ? ' What have you got ?' 'Almost every thing,' was the reply. ' Almost every thing ! Well, give me a plate of that ' Certainly. Oi e plate of hash !'' Q the waiter. 