0HE3ST, THE SON OE THE LIVING GOD. BT Tns Kav. G. CBITCHXET, B.A. , ..When Jesus carno into the coasis of Cosarea Philippi, | -.na töked his disciples, saying, ' V.'bom do men say that I the Son of mau nin ? ' And they said, ' Some say that thou art John Uio B-ii/tisb ; some, Eluw ; and others, Jei o xoias, or orio of tho prophets.' Ho i.txi'1 u:uto thom, ' But whom say yo that I am*? ' And Simon Peter answorod and Bala, ' Thoa aro tho Christ, the Sou of the living God.'* MATTHEW rvi, 13-10, . This waa the first apostle's creed, and as it was the earliest, BO, most corfcainly, it ia tho best. It ia coin- cident with a transition in the oharactor of Christ's Own teaching, for, from that time, JOSHS " began to speak to them of Ina sufferings." The hiatory of Ohrist, as narrated in those four gospels, seems to me sometimos like that of a river having its riso in «oma obscura spot and branohing off into several streams-all of whioh find their terminus in some mighty cataract. Eaoh stream travels on alone, adding ios foroo and volume to the next, and thus onward th3y go till they all rush forward to tho final fall. So in the narrative of our Saviour's life. You must have notiood first how scant, and scattered far between, are the incidents of tho first thirty years of ?his life, and how more crowded becomes the ßtory of the next two years ; but during the last the sacred narratives eoein all to join together and to swell into one {»rand river of history, and rush onward to the preat catastrophe-the death upon the croBe. Events .were now hurrying to the criais of tho Saviour's ministry on e-irth. lu the neal year of His working and teaohing, Christ had forborne to attend the pass- over, not bouause Ho would bo understood to disre- gard that saored rite, but because the rulers sought to kill Him, and Hia time was not yet como. There- fore instead of performing the journey to Jerusalem He spends His time in extending His labors to the very borders of the Gentiles, so as to çive us a glimpse of the loving kindness of saving mercy winch would throw its arms around all mankind. We find that Chrisb went, aoaompanied hy His disoiples, and of course acoompaniod by Peter, to the borders of Tyro "and Sidon, and there it was, and on that occasion, that the daughter of the Syro-Phcenician woman waB healed. Eoturmng' bock, He travelled to Decapolis through tho region of ten oities, nine of whioh lie on tho Sea of Galilee. There Ho fed the multitude miraculously by the exercise of His omnipotent power. Then He paid a Wsit to the oity of that Mary who has been BO unreasonably and unwarrantably confounded with the woman that was a sinner. Thence he passed .through Bethsaida, and staying there a little whilo r healed, the blind man. And so northwards he went t < 4¡hrougn the various towns and villages till at last he reached Ctssarea Philippi-that is the city whioh . ' was built by Philip tho Tetraroh, whioh is not to bo , confounded with the Cassarca so often montionod in the Acts of the Apostles. This city was an inland city on the most northern extremity of the Holy Xand, nestling in a quiet recess at the base of Mount Hermon, which, as the scene of the transfiguration, was spoken of in the prophetic song, " Tabor and Hermon shall rejoice in thy name." Hither, then, into peaceful retirement, undisturbed by the crowds .of Galilee, were these disciples led that the Lord .might disclose to thom that great truth, but hinted .at bofore, now to be fully revealed, that his work was to be wrought out by his own sufferings and his 'own death. The ministry of Jesus Christ, so far at all events as it affected tho instruction of the apostles, ÍB plainly divisible into tr/o parts. In the first he reveals him- self to them as the prophet, as the teacher, gathering bia disoiples around him and instructing them very . gradually into the mysteries of the truth, aud estab- lishing by successive manifestations of his glory a kind of personal reliance on the unity, the definite 1 ¡ness of his purposo, and his power to carry the pur \- .pose, whatevor it might be, into effect. But, now lie assays to build upon that foundation, now they 'are to be led into the deeper mystery touching the aotual means by which the purpose of redemption was to be accomplished. Henceforward they are to know that Jesus of Nazareth less as a teacher than as the actual sacrifice of whioh, under the voii of similitudo .'and parable, he had so often spoken. He is henceforth to te to thom loss the prophet than the priest ap proaohing the great altar of God as the sacrifice for s sin. They were now to discover what ßtops they .woi'e which led this strange monarch to" tis istrango throne, that it was not over the bodies of slain foes and conquered enemies, not by hurling the proud Eoman from his place of power, that ha designed to ie,-ostablish David's son on David's throne, -v 0»ut _ that it was by the sacrifice of him- self . .to ,save the guilty from the" wrath of v 'God that he would win for himself a kingdom in ^the human soul, and conquer for himpelf a crown-a crown that shall shino undimmod throughout the ages-the crown of a grateful and undying love. "From that time Jesus began to speak unto them of His Bufferings." " The quiet days spent in Csssarea wore devoted to the instruction of those disciples in the great doctrines of Christ's death and resurrec- tion. But are they now prepared to receivo that instruction ? Are they fit to listen to those words ? JePUB know all about that. But then, how stood their knowledge of their own mental and spiritual position in ref«ronco to themselves ? That was tho point. There is nothing in all the world like a question put by another on any subject to reveal our knowledge or ignorance of that subject to ourselves. You oblige a man to construe his thoughts upon any subject into words in answer to a question you may put to him, and although he may have tact and skill enough to conceal his ignorance from you, he cannot, unless he be thoroughly blinded by his own Belf satisfaction, conceal his ignorance from himself. "When we try to answer people's questions-take any scientific or other subject-when we try to answer people's questions, we find out all the weak and all (tho Btrong places of. our own knowledge of the Bubject on which tho question is put. .And hence the purpose of Christ's question in this place is not for the sa^o of obtaining information which he did not yet possess, but in or dor that the^ answer of his disci pi eg might reveal to thoir own minds thoir knowledge or their ignorance to themselves. Thorefore said Jesus-" Whom do mon ' Bay that I the Son of man am P' ' What ÍB the world's opinion on tho Bubjout? And this is tho answer, "gflmt Bay thajj TJIOTJ ajt ^oh» the Baptieji." Th|s id«&, as we know, had arisen from the guilty and superstitions fear of Herod, who had put John tho Baptist to death, " Some thai Thou art Elijah," of whom Malachi had declared thai he should bo sent by God to warn a guilty g'encxation. Tho Elijah h\a come to a^ generation too ignorant beeausa too guilty to reeojniaO that in spirit and in power Uic prophet of Horeb had lived aguia »mon est men in. the «tern preacher of repentance-John tha Baptist, " Others that Thoa are Jeremiah"-ono of the old prophets. And truly, in tho Man of Sorrows th«ro rmghfc have been traced many featui'os of resemhlanoe to the weeping prophet who cried at once: "Ia it nothing1 unto you, all ye that pass by ? Ia there any sorrow like unto my sorrow?" This Jesus, the Man of Sor- rows, might very well have suggested to those people's minda the Jeremiah who had wept over tho captivo daughter of Zion. But what I want you mest specially to mark ia this-that in all those answers, oven those whioh indicate most distinctly a perception of the heavenly greatness of Jesus Christ, there ia no idea whatever that ho can be anything beyond or above a roproduo tion of the past, or that this now prophet could givo a greater and a higher blessing than the old ones hod bestowed, and far less waa there any conception of the true objoct of the Messiah's work, and tho true purpose for which he had been appointed, and tiere is not the shadow of the sign of a trace ol' that great doctrine without which all the rest are nothing worth, that He is not only a Messiah divinely sent but a Messiah Himself divine. There is hot a trace in all these answers of this idea that Ohii&t; was the Son of God, and it is to this very point that our Lord is loading His apostles. And this dootrine is brought out by the noxt qnostion Ho aaka them, "What is your opinion of Mo ?-what is the distinction bctweou your thought and their thought about Mo ? Whom do yo"-and the ompha3Í3 ia on that word yo "Whom do ye "-as distinct from other men-" say I am ?" Siuion Peter anaworod and said, " Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." Now you will recollect that last Sunday we took some littlo time and pains to show that there was a distinction be- tween this confession at Ciosarca Philippi, and that confession of faith which was made in the city of Capernaum. Waa their any practical purpodo to bo answered by that ? Most assurodly thoro was. Had there only beon a difference of words it would havo been scarcely worth our while to havo insisted upon it in tho way wo did, but there is a difference of thought, and a difference so great as to throw a light upon the spiritual history of those men, and espocially upon that of Simon Peter. Let us com- pare those two statements. At Capernaum Peter had said-." Wo believe and we are sure-wo believe and know-we understand that Thou art the holy one of God.' ' And the whole reply goes so far a3 this-the frank and hearty recognition of Jesus of Nazaroth as one divinely commissioned and divinoly sent. '. Him whom the Father had sanctifiod and sent." But there ia no recognition there of the divino eloment in Christ's own nature." It tells of a knowlodgo and faith which went so far as to grasp in some form or othor the doctrinos of substitution, of faith and of olection, but it does not tell us of a knowledge and a faith which grasped that other doctrino, that dootrine which olothes tho sacrifice with an infinite merit, which makes faith the intro- duction of an actual divine lifo into tho bolioving soul, which connects the olection of graoe with the eternal wiso and merciful purposo of an ever loving God-I mean in the former answer there is no dis- tinct recognition of the divinity of Jesus Christ mani- , fested. The knowledgo and faith revealed in the | answer given at Capornaum demanded their com- pletion. It wanted supplementing, and that this faith and knowledge did receive their complements we may learn from this great confession. Peter has ad- vanced in knowledge and in faith. Thon ho says " Thou art the holy one of God divinoly Bent." Here he sayB-" Thou art tho Christ, the Son of tho living God"-not only divinely sent, but "Thyself divino." Not Christ only, but a divine Christ-God-inan come ' to redeem by sacrifice, to intercede, an ever living priest, to rulo with the foar and the love of God. Not j only a Messiah sent by God, but a Messiah who is \ very God himself. And there you can see the cause of our Saviour's following words-" Blessed art thou Simon-Barjona, flesh and blood hath not revealed this unto theo, but the Father who is in Heaven." This is not to be made known to tho saints of God by the words of man, but as Paul himself found out when ho was entering into that state of faith, for he says, " I conferred not with flosh and blood," and so Christ says-'* Flesh and blood hath not revealed , this unto thee, but the Father who is in Heaven." | This confession divides itself into two parts. First -" Thou art the Christ divinely sent," to teach, to redeem, and to rule ; and, aooondly, "Thoa art the Son of the living God"-that is, thou art thyself a divine being. First of all-"Thou art tho Christ divinely sent." The word Christ, as you know, denotes the official position of the mediator between God and man. Now there wero three great offices which Messiah had to discharge in the performance of his appointed work. Ho must instruct a world that had grown ignorant, because it had become guilty-He had to tell thom of sin, of righteousness, and of judgment to come. Besides that He must do all that is necessary to roconcile the alienated human soul to its God-at once priest and victim, altar and sacrifico, for "without shedding of blood there is no remission of sins." And He must at last, and to the very ond, sustain in active efficiency the power of those ameliorating and sanctifying influences both in the heart of, tho individual believer and amongst mankind at largo which bad been originally introduced into the world by himself. In other word*, Messiah must teach, atone, and rule. Ho must be prophet, priest, and king. I do not say that Peter erasped all the mighty import of tho words he used when ho said, " Thou art the Christ." It is doubtful whether any man on this side Heaven ever will do that, but just as my hand can firmly grasp many a thing that it is too Bmall completely to cover, so the soul may grasp j a spiritual truth which it is altogether powerless completely to comprehend. And thus it was with the ' apostle when ho said, " Thou art the Christ." Ho I did then hold firmly the truth which, in all its length j I and breadth and depth. his mind might not. and cor- I tainly had not completely taken in. Rut that need j not provont us from looking in as comprehensive a { way as we can, and as far as wo maybe allowed- even i with our limited power of faith and vision-it need | not prevent us from looking at this work of Christ as j a whole, and if you look at tho work of Messiah | in that way I think you will seo how exactly it is . adapted to meet tho great spiritual necessities of j man. What are wo ? Ignoiant of God ; ignorant of our own sinfulness, our own danger and degradation. And where shall wo got the knowledgo that wo need ? The words and tho life of Jesus Christ throw a flood of light upon tho natnre of God and the true position of the guilty and sin-stained in his I sight. There you havo Christ the prophet-tho ' teaoher, or to use His own words about himself, the j truth-the Saviour from ignorance. What are wo? Ruined, oxposod to wrath, sold under Bin, in dongor i of everlasting misery. And the death of Christ removes the curse, redeems tho soul, and reconciles j the believer to hja God, There you hare the priest, the (sacrifice^ or, to use Christ's own words about Himself again-" tho way," tho Saviour from the penalty of eiu. What aro we, evan after wo have ooma to Christ ? Weak, feeble, ready to stumblo, Teady to wander, ready to fall, and tha power of a loving Saviour reaches na through tho Holy Ghost, and because ha lives, and only for that reason, we as Christians can live day after day. And you see there at last tho King, or to use His words onoe moro, " tho Ufo," tho Saviour from tho oonsoquonoes of ain itaelf-tho Siviour from ignorunce, from wrath, from sin-" Thou art the Christ." But great na all this is, something excater yot re- mains behind. There ia a something that olothes all thia teaching, sacrificoj interooasion, roign of Christ, with an efficient power whioh robot« his work with an infinito Bufficienoy on the side of God and with a recreative energy on tho side of man. And this I find not in the ornoo or in the naturo of Christ himsolf. " Thoa art the Christ, the Son of the living God." It will bo clear to you that if the Christ were merely divinely sent, and not Himsolf divine, oven supposing; that all the olhor parta of the mediatorial work were com- pletely accomplished, thero would still bo wanting for us a living bond of union between man and God. If thero wore no bond of any nature on which «loity and humanity could onco more meet, then God still romains for us a soperato being, and tho very extent of our salvation would be to establish between us and God the relation of merciful king and grateful sub- ject, not loving father and rojoicing son. That highest blessing of our salvation, adoption into the family of God himsolf, must necessarily bo oxpnnged from the list of benefits. For, how can any union, however closo it might bo with a Saviour who waB not himsolf a Son of God, shed abroad in our hearts a familiar spirit and bring us into tho position of sons and daughters of the Lord God Almighty. It ia just hero, in the very fact that tho Messiah is the Son of the living God, that man ia drawing near to God in Christ, and that God is drawing near to man. It places the topstono on the templo of salvation. It clothes our redemption with ita greatest glory, and places upon the brow of tho mcroy that redeemed its highest honor and most glorious crown -adoption. At all eventB that would bo oxpunged from tho list of our benefits received through Christ, if this Christ, the Messiah, woro not hiuiscif the Son of God. But bosido this it is difficult-nay, it is impossible -apart from the divinity of Chribt to Lo assurod of tho sufficiency of the atonement offered on the Cross. Just look at it. A finite offering for universal sin to an infinite God would be no safe basis for our faith and hope to rost upon, and it ia an express declara- tion of soripturo that no man can redeem his brother or givo to God a ransom for him. Again, a foreign nature, that is to say, the natura of an angel, a being neithor partaking of tho nature of the God who had boen ninnod against, or of the man who had sinned ¡ that would bo altogether out of the question, for such a nature would afford no baais of mediation between the two. But that nature in which God and man coalesce, which upon the human sido, on this one side, was open to receive the penalty of suffering, and which on the other side elovatod that suffering into the region of God-such a nature, and such a nature alone, seemed fitted to offer an atonement for our Bin«. " Herein is the love of God made manifest, in that He spared not His sen, and that son spared not himself. " Thou art the Christ divinely Eont "-" Thou art the son of the living God "-a Christ himself divine. j Is that, my dear hearers, your creed ? Do you look upward to the Saviour as your teacher, your reedeomer, your Lord ? Do you rooogmao that divinity of Christ which makes Him able to instruct, to atone, and to rule in this kingdom of your God ? Do you see it all, do you understand the full mean- ing of this saying ? If you do, my prayor ia that theso things which you know may become objocta of your faith-" for "-by grace and not by knowledgo i -" by grace yo are saved, through faith, and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God." .»»«»»»«»»»»«-»-»--«i 