A Georgian at tile Opera. Of all the sightly places in this subloonary spear New Torie is the sightliest, and by the help of my friend Bob Tompkins I saw all there was to see. It will always be a livin', growiu' conso- lation to me that thar wasn't a monkey nor none that acted like 'em (and a plenty thar was which for antics and foolery you couldn't tell from the fool-blooded animal), that T didn't see by the belp of Bob. What's that ? You say you bet I didn't see tho Opery ? ' . You bot I did ! , ; What Opery did I see ? I see the Opery of the Bohemian Gal; How did I like it ? Well, I liked it " pretty tolorble/ not out and out ; the fact is they spiled it by qverdoin' the singiri' part. You know yourself the way to spile a thing is to overdo it, and that's j est what, they does in the Opery. They, overdoes I it. The fiddling and drummin ? is fine. The actin' is beautiful, and tho rooms is fixed- up splendid ; but the singin' is overdone. But I am makin' a transgression, as the preachers say.' .;? ; - :-; >.. : - -:'. ?? ';? _ ? ? , : ' You see,, I weut to New York on a sight- seeing, experdition. I had made a fine cotton crop, and ..my wife she said she would go and stay at . her mother's with the baby, and I could go and Bee the world; so I went right to New York, and I saw it. Bob he stuck to me, and put nie right through. -Well, I : thought I '?." ïuust hâve seen everything that was to be seen, \- and i was tired, and could go home with a ciar conscience, when Bob come tome, and sez, "La, Jack) ! I like to let you go home without seem' the best thing in New York." "? What's that!" sez I, surprised, not to say discouraged. " Why, it's tho opery of the Bohemian Gal. I teliyou she's beautiful, she is!" sez Bob. *;" 'V^Now; look hore, Bob Tompkins," sez I. "I'm a mumed, mau', and I'm goin' back to my wife able,to answer any question she may put without shirking and I ain't gobi' to see no gal, however beautifulj be she Bohemian or be she Dutch." ' Well,' Bob at that commenced rollin' round, andiaugbiu' und scrcochin' like he had a fit of somekiiid.' - I see I had made a mistake, and I was slightly afraid I had looked green, which, on a'ccoiuit,..of tho State of Georgy, which I was a .vrepresen^% :;r didn't like to do, so I thought ? round ; in the -rapidway andi'oconiombered that I hacLheard of - a ¿pery cap, and I sposed my errer was jest thar, so I said in à strategeni way, trying. tp iaiigh like Bob did, and so moko him think I hud mtendeda joke all the time : « k'*-Weil, *Bob;* I'm glad to seo you can take a joke; 'tain't every man can ; but; jokin' aside, ?who is thi3 here Bohemian gal, and what colored opery has she got ?" At that Bob lost his breath laughin', and the tears fairly rolled down his cheeks. Then I got mad, which any man would a done under like cir cumbimces. Sez I : " Bob Tompkins, if you don't stop skirmishin' round thar like a monkey, and tell me what under heaven you're a makin' a fool of yourself about, I'll up and knock you into the middle of next week." Well, Bob drawed up when he found that my feelins was hurt, and said, while he was a wipin' his eyes : " Oh, Jack ! you blade of grass, you ! Barnum ought to have you for a circus j you'd dror sure. A opery Í3 a play-actin' thing set to music, and tho' Bohemian Gal* is the name of the opery. just like c0h, Susanna/ and ' My Mary Ann/ " ,f Well, why couldn't you say so at first," sez I, " without makin' a fool of yourself ?" Bob he apologised, and we shook hands and made up, and I asked him to go to the opery with me and I would stand treat ; but he said he had a engagement, and I must excuse him. Then I asked him whar I was to go. He said to the Academy of Music. Sez I : " Ef this here show is a school show, I will not go ; I havo had enough, in my lifo, of childern exhibitin', and as I haven't got no New York stock in that line, neither duty nor pleasure will draw me." Bob like to a bust out larfin agin, but choked it back with sech power that he risked a apo- plexy. "Oh, Jack," sez he, " it ain't no school ; they is Italian men and women, and you won't under- stand what they sez, unless you read a library before you go." " Thar it is agin/' sez I : " read a library ! Why don't you toll mo to build a house in five minutes ? How big is your library ? I ain't so much at readin', anyhow." Bob choked agin, but didn't say a word j jest I went to a book stall and bought a pamphlet, which it looked like a tract, about as big as Allen's Alarm to the TJncon I verted, and he told me to take. it home I and read it, and that was the story they was going to sing at the opery. And it's well T did i read the American side of it, for of all the foolish i gibberish, that Italian takes tho lead. .'. j After I had eaten my supper I went off to the Academy of Music, and thar was the ticket man settin' up in his stove box, and he sez, " You want a ticket, sir ?" I . "Sez I, "That's about what I come for." I was very dignified, 'cause I had Georgy on my shoulders, and determined to be a honor to my State, and above all things, not to look green. I spose the ticket man thought I was pretty stuck up, for he sez, as imperdent as you please, ? " Will you have a cheer or a box ?" I Ef I could have got at him I would have I knocked him down then and thar ; but not bein' I able, I used my sarcastic vain upon him and said,' " I'd have you for to know, sir, I am a gatleman from the State of Georgy, and wo sets on cheers down thar, and leaves the boxes to the people from New York." To all appearance scarcasim run off of that man like water off of a duck's back. Ho only grinned, and Bhowed off to advantage a full set of store teeth,'which must have cost a sight of money. He thro wed me a ticket, and told rue to go in at a door ho pinted out. But law me ! thom people haven't any manners. A man at the door took my ticket away from me without sayin' " by your leave," and toro it in two and gave me back half, and before I could take it out on him for his rudeness a boy seized that and dragged mo off by the arm down a passage between tho seats, which was all folded neatly, up like they had jest come in from the wash. He unfolded one of these, pushed me in, and throwed my little piece of ticket after me, and was gone before you could say " Jack Robinson." It Beemed a pretty hard case that, with people insultin' him right and left, a Georgy man couldn't get a chance to knock one of 'em down. But so it was, and I tried to kind a devirt my thoughts from my aggravations by lookm' round. It certainly was a sightly placo, and -what with the big chandeleer up in the celina.', and the little chandeleers all round, it sorter looked like a sun- shiny day ; and then the lights glitterin' on the diamonds and pearls and chalcedonies and jacinths that was hangin' round the women would a put the foundations of tho celestial city out o' countenance. The men was mostly bald headed and wared swallow tail coats, and men and women was armed with double barrel spy glasses, which they gavo them a comical appear- ance. Some of these said spy glasses was so large in proportion to the men that they looked like steam engines with a double light. One little bald headed gentleman sitting next to me had the biggest pair in the house. He actually looked as if he was hitched on to them instead of them being hitched on to him ; and again, as I turned my eyes on his white bald hoad with the machinery in front he might have been mis- taken for a bombshell, and the idea come into my head that a slight tap would explode him. I had a mind to try it on him, but being a stranger in a strange land I had better keep .quiet or I might get myself arrested for a dynamiter. Up in the top of the room was hanging a tremenjuous curting, with fine pictures on it, and just on tho floor close to it was a row of candles, ; which seemed to be set down ia a trough, sorter, with tho wicks above the floor. In front of tho candles was what looked like a music school, the schoolmaster setting up on a high three-legged stool with a big stick in his hand, though it did look to me as if them boys was too old to be whipped. Thove was every-kind of musical instrument you over heard of. There was drains as big as hogsheads, drums as big as flour barrels, and drums as big as pails. Then there was big fiddles, middle sized fiddles, andlittlo fiddles, and long horns twisted np like tho brazen serpaut, and all sizes from that down to a baby whistle ; and there was every size and sort of tamborines, besides plenty of instru- ments I never, , see ,or hear of before. It alto- gether reminded me of that consort of Nebuehad nazzar's we read of in the Holy Bible, and I have no doubt they had the sackbut, psaltery, dulci- mer, and so forth, among the machinery I didn't know the names of. "Well, while I was a workin' out these here thoughts the old music teacher give his stick a waft, as much as to say, " Now, my fine fellows, do your best, or you'll get a taste of this." And I tell you they wont at it neck and heel, each one of 'em tryin' to beat the other. I never heard such a din. It was like happenin' in at a manegerie at feedin' time, and all the lions, tigers, hyenas, and jackasses was bel- lowing at one and the samo time ; and the old music teacher he swung that stick a threaten- ing them old boys, until it seemed like he got so wore out be could jest manage to move it soft like ; and believe rae as soon as them boys see he was sort a disabled they took a rest too, and the noise got lesser and lesser, till you could hear only the little baby whistle, and it sounded real sweet, Ef it had jest lasted a minute longer I think I might have caught that chume, if there was one j but tho old man got up his wind too soon, and away they all went again like a pack of hounds in full cry. At ' last human natur' couldn't stand no more, and they blowed and beat tiler selves clean out, tho schoolmaster dropped his stick, and the boys fell back breathless, and before they could get up more steam the curting went up and the opery began. You want to bear the story, does you? Well, it was pretty, but of I hadn't read that library I never would have knowed what they was after, i You see there was a widower Count with a name sounded like it was Arnold or something, and ho had a pretty little gal which her name was Arleener, and she and her nurse was in the room with him when the curting goes up, and the Count "begins to sing bow sorry he is his wife is dead, and how ho loves his baby. Jest think of that, singin' all that, and lif tin* up the little gal and kissin' her to music! Who ever heard tell of sich nonsense ? Do you suppose if my wife was dead I would go and sing to a thousand or so people to tell 'em how sorry I was, and how I loved . my baby ? No ; it's agin nater from beginnin' to end. - Well, as soon as ho -got through he went away, and the nurse takes the little gal np in tho mouu tairis to pick flowers. They had hardly got out before here came a; big fat Polisher named Thaddeus. He was a wailer too. The Count wailed in .a voice 'most fine enough for a woman, but Thaddeus was a base wailer j it sounded like thunder j and he sung first in the lower part of his chist, and I thought it was morally impos- sible he could do any lower, when he jumped right down to the lower part of his stomach, and before you had time to wonder how he could do it, there was his voice way down in the soles of his boots. It certainly was a feenominer how he could do it. Well, his wail was all about his country, how he had been banished,, and if he went back he would have his head cut off, and all that. It would a been real distressin'ef ib had only been natural for him to cry and groan and grunt to music. Jest as he finished his story, here came in a party, of Gyp- sies, running in that sudden from all the opeu in's of tho stage that it took away my breath. They rushed right up to Thaddeus and was goin' to kill .him then and thar to tho sound of music, when tber captain, which had the name of Devils hoof (a bad name that for a honest man), he see Thaddeus was a soldier and stopped the killin'. Thaddeus sung 'em a history of his troubles, and then they all broke out like a house afire sreechin' at him, "A gipsy's lifo is the lifo to lead," and they rung the changes on that noble sentiment till Thaddeus lost his head entirely, and said he would j ino to 'em j and then and thar they on dressed him, and put on his gipsy clothes. I felt right shamed while this was goin' on, and I looked at the ladies, but their faces was all hid by their spy glasses, the which I could swár was pinted jest at the place war Thaddeus was dressin' him- self. Praps it's the music makes the difference, but I am glad my wife was in Georgy, music or no music. ' ; ?' Tn another minute thar was another lung tearin', ear bustin' blowouts. Men, women, and children rushed in singin* at the top of their voices that the Count's little gal and her nurse had been eat up by a wild animal in the mountain. Then here came the Count singin* how sorry he was. I was fairly out of patience with his un- naturalness, instead of runnhv* out to save his child, to walk up and down before all them people singin'. I ain't no sort of patience with dead- beats. Thaddeus had more sense j he picked up a gun which was lying handy, and away he went. Them mountains and -wild beasts must have been right at the door, for Thaddeus was hardly gone before he Avas back agin with the baby in his arms, he havin' been to the mountains, killed the wild beast, and saved the baby and nurse in not niôre than three minutes. He was a sight quicker than tho1 patent exterminator. ? Well, then ther was another ear bustin/.lung tearin'" blowouts. Tho Count embraced and kissed the baby to music, and sent her off to the house to have a little scratch on her arm tied up, which was. all tho . hurt she had, which it shows . you can't believe any- thing you hears. The report was that baby and nurse was eat up; the nurse wasn't hurt, and the baby had a flea bite. I doubt myself if. there was., any wild beast in the matter ; all to get up a sensation. But tho Count believed it ; you could seo that by the way he acted. Ho shook Thaddeus's hand and sung he was so much obliged tb "him. Thaddeus sung it didn't make ho cliff oren co in tho world. The Count sung couldn't he do something for him? Thaddeus sung no he thanked him. The Count sung woiüclh't ho tako a glass of wine ? Thad- deus sung ho didn't keer if he did. Then, as bad luck would have it, tho Couut purposed tko health of the Emperor, which was the samo which had banished Thaddeus, and Thaddeus dashed his glass down and broke it all to pieces, which made the Count so mad ho forgot all about what Thaddeus had done, and had him arrested then and thar, and Devilshoof too; but Bevilshoof was too smart for-'env He got hold of thé baby, and everybody took after him, but he ran across a bridge and took a little knife out of his pocket and jest cut it down after him, and tho curting come down, while the peoplo fairly yelled and clapped their hands and tried to outdo the opery in noise. Then tho little man next to me, which was bald headed and had the prize spy glasses, took 'em down and wiped'em, and said, settlin' him- self, " It will be twelve year3 before the next scene." I was perfectly diunbfoundered at his sayin' such a thing, and I sez, sez I : "Is that a joke, sir ? for I can't stay here no twelve years. I am from Georgy, and my wife and child are there, and I've got my Irvin' to make." Well, he swelled np like ho would bust, and the lady next him laughed right, out loud. Ile was very polite though, and told me they was goin' to pertend it was twelve years, and Arleener would be growed up $. and sure enough when it went up thar she was leastways they wanted me to believe it was the same-which was asleep on afur skin j and thar was Thaddeus watchin over her, and then she woke up, and they began to sing love at each other. And it was real pretty too ; more . chuñe about it than anything I had heard from 'em, only Thaddeus was top old and fat for her. When she first woke up she sang to him about a dream she had dreamed, all about how she lived in a fine house builb of marble, and had plenty of niggars to wait on her, and fine clothes and jewellery and everything she wanted, but how she didn't keer about any of it cause he was there and loved her, and she truly did look pretty and sang beautiful. It made me think of the timo my wife and me were courtin', only we didn't sing-maybe because we couldn't. And then he kissed and hugged her, which if there had had not been so many people round would have been very natural. Then he sung how when she was a baby he had saved her life, and he showed her the scar on her arm. But they don't rest easy long in operies. This was too pretty and soft to. last. Tho Gypsy Queen wa3 in love with Thaddeus, and when she found ho was sparkin' Arleeneer, she laid a plan against 'ern. She made out how Arleener had stole a locket belongin' to the Count, and she was arrested and taken before him, and it was proved against her, and they was just about to put her in jail, when the Count saw tho scar on her arm, and knowed it was his lost child ; and then come another bustin* fuss. The Count sung ho was so glad, and Arleener sung so was slie. And he sung he was goin' to marry her to the King's son, and she put her pretty arms around Thaddeus, and sung she wouldn't marry anybody but^him, and the Count sung she couldn't marry a Gypsy, and Thaddeus up and drawed out a paper, and. said that proved he wasn't no Gypsy, but a big man in his own count ) and so the Count gave his consent ; and you thu.ight all was goin* straight at last, when in come that Gipsy Queen with a Gypsy she had hired to kill Arleener, and, as good luck would have it, he . missed his aim and killed the Queen. And I felt like jumping lip and cracking my heels together, I was so glad, she was such an awful shrieker, and hateful besides. And then that was all. I think if I livo thirty years ¡I will never get ali that music out of my head. I've got as good an ear for music as anybody, but it would take twenty ears to hold all that.If they would only talk some and sing some. : What is more beauti- ful than music ?" some folks asks, and it seems a question which poses the world 5 but I'll tell you nachure is, and it is agin nachure to sing every- thing. Now take sich a every day sentiment as this, "Will you come to supper, your Excel- lency ?" How much better to say the thing right off than for half a dozen people to make a jowett of it, and squall the changes on it, and roll and pitch it round like it was a ball they was playin' with, and all the appertite his Excellency had is sung out of him ! I say it's riddiekerlous nonsense. It's like what they calls the 'toning in church whar they sings" and whines the prayers to God Almighty. It's all agin nachure. ; Love songs is beautiful, and serernades will tetch tho hardest hearts, but I say mix in the singin'with a little commonsense talkin* and il;, would bo a improvement all round. Why, anybody happenm* into ono . of thom opperys; without bein' prepared by readin' a library, would think they had got into a lunatic asylum-to see four or five men and women screachin' at each other, thar hands fiyin' out from ther chists (which let me say is a invariable movement), stretchin' of their necks until it is agonizin' to see the bones . and siners stand out, and their mouths so wide open that you expect every minute to hear ther jaw bones crack. - And then the choris ¡-that is the worst of all j fifty or a hundred men and women dressed in the' most outlandish way, each trying to outyell the other j and add to all this the determina- tion of the musitionors in the grand finally uot to be outdone by the singers. They all got. so woxind up the fact Í3 they can't stop themselves. The man with the big fiddle fairly turns a sumer sault over it a tryin'to get first, and the little fiddlers saws away until it is enough to wake up the ghosts of the cats which was made into j fiddle strings j and the big drummers land, middle-sized and , little drummers - is i bent upon nothin' else .but beatin' a hole in their instruments ; and the horn-.blowers, big and little, -looks dangerously appoplektio ; and the tamboreeners and bell ringers comes nobly to tho front, till tho tempest of sound goes roarin' and sxirgin' thro' the house, gittin louder and louder and stronger and stronger and higher.and . higher, 'till they can neithor got up nor'down ; and it ends by their slaminin'andsmashiii.' every- thing to pieces, and all comes down togethor with a Blina! fri am ! blum ! 1 b-r-r-r-rum ! ! ! and you look up thiukin' of course tho roof is gone, and the moon aud stars shiniu' overhead. Maybe if I had Btudied it when I was a now - bora infant, and kept at it stiddy till now; I might like the Grand Opery. As it is, it is too much for me.. ?.. . ,-. . .;'_..>-..' . ..." 