Novelist his onFmistme. CHAPTER LXVI.—(CONTINUED.) By BERTHA M. CLAY. 41 It looks like a place to be haunted," said Lord Carsdale; u still, a sea- washed jetty if rather a strange place for a ghoBt. What kind of ghost is it ? " " Well, you know, sir, of course it is no ihost—there is no such thing; but I tell you one thing, none of our young people would some here after dark, and I do not mind jaying that I have often had a turn myself." " What iB it, then ?" asked Lord Carsdale. " To tell you the truth, sir," said the old man, "it Is a lady. I think some great trouble has driven her mad. She looks like it." 11 What does she do ? " continued Lord C Carsdale, growing interested. " Well, she never oomes here, sir, before the foaming, and she is so shadowy, so still, so se, and so beautiful, that people have a load of dread of her. I have seen her often « enough, and her faoe is quite transparent; it |s like marble with the moon shining on it. She seems always to come with the gloaming, and She goes away with the great darkness. She ratsright at the end of the jetty, there where the water touchesthose blaok arches. I went to her once," continued the old man, seer ingthatiris listener was interested. " I said to myself there was nothing to be afraid of, and I went to her. " Are you not afraid of the waves?" I said to her; and, sir, I almost fell back into the sea myself when sbe raised her face and looked at me. I did not know that there could be such a faee in all the world. 1 ' " What was it like?" asked Lord Carsdale. 41 It would take one more clever than I am -to tell that. It was like nothing I have ever seen on this earth; it was beautiful, like the face of an angel in a pioture, and it was filled with sorrow. It did not look as though she had cried—the grief on it was past all tears; and yet there was a strange light, a curious strange .light. I said to her, "Are you not afraid of the waves?" and then she looked as I told jou. It took me some time to get over that look. Then I said: " When they reach these black arches they an dangerous," I said "Yes,I know," she replied; and, for me, such a voice was worth hearing; it was sweet and sad as a cooing dove. " Do yon know," I continued," that danger in this oase means death?" "Yes, I know it," she answered. " You need not trouble about me. Do you see this mark here ?" She raised her hand— such a white hand, sir, like a snow-flake—and she pointed out to me a great black notch in the wood. " You see this ?" she repeated, and I said " Yes." " I shall sit here," she Baid, " night after night until the waves reach here, and when they reach here I shall die. Oh, welcome deathl Oh, beautiful death! I shall die; it will not be suicide; I shall not kill myself; bat the waves will carry me so gently out-to sea—so gently so sweetly 1" Sir, I drew back, frightened at'her; neither her face nor her voice were like anything earthly. That was more than two weeks since ; now I watch her, and I have my boat ready. If ever I see her in danger, I shall do my best to save her." "It is a. strange story," said Lord Carsdale. V All the young people are shy of going near the jetty. It used to be a famous place for love-making: now. when that ^silent figure stealsBO gtentty>and quietly alongj every one vanishes as^ugh by magic.": " What tiineTdo you say the poor lady comes?" askedLqrd Carsdale. K. / : "Only in tbie'gloaming sir;only in the gloaming," 8B£$$he old man, aa lie walked away. - CHAPTER LXVIL \- -WON AT "LAST. - Could it be AiKe ?" Lord Carsdale asked himself the question over and over again. : Why had his thoughts flownto her at once ? why should that strong, swift, been, secret conviction have seized Mm—that it was she, and no one else? It seemed to him, now that he thought of it, natural enough that sheshould come to Fernbay—the one happy day of her life had been spent here. Could it be Ailie, this woman of unearthly beauty, $ho wasonly waiting until the green waves reached that black notch and carried her away? He looked after the old man, wishing that he Had made further inquiries, that he had asked more about her, that he had tried to make out where she came from. Then he said to himself that he would wait until the gloaming and see tor himself. Suddenly he remembered that he could not wait—hehad promised to send a telegram, and he must do it at once; he could return as soon as the gloaming fell. He went, despatched his business, and returned. The gloaming had fallen then, a slight silver mist hung over the sea; the waves ran smoothly, they were crested with white foam; the-wind was still, and seemed to brood overthewfcter rather than stir it. It was sodark, as he walked up that lonely jetty,tha(the could hardly see; then, as he drewftearer—down at the farther end, opposite to the black arches, and watching them intently—he saw the silent, solitary figure of ftvomsa. In his after life Lord Carsdale could hardly describe what followed; it seemed to him that that very moment he passed from the regions of commonplace and common life into thoee of romance—the darkening night, the long, low wash of the waves, the heaving of the silent eea, the lice of lights in the distance, the tall white cliffs standing so erect and defiant, the lonely jetty with the sea breaking over it, and that one figurewatching so intently. ~ -Could it be Ailie ? He stood and watched .—how long he never knew, he could never tejjl." The darkness crept on apace; the great ruby light at the end of the jetty sent oat a strange, livid flame; still the silent figure sat there, watching the dark arches, and Lord Carsdale stood quite still, watching it. Then came a strange, sweet sound—at first he thought it was the distant music; then it grew so strange, so sad and sweet, he could have believed the old fable of the mermaid; thon he recognized the air—a favourite dreamy German melody, called " The Lonely ; " it seamed to float over the waves, and die away in their murmur. It was Ailie singing—he knew the voice. He was quite certain of her then, and he thanked Heaven for the instinct that had led him to find her. He said to himself that he must be cautious; perhaps what they said about her was true—that her great sorrow had driven her mad; and he must not distress her by suddenly speaking to her. He went nearer to her, and the shadow that the ruby light threw on the jetty was at her feet, but she never saw it. Then, more cautiously still, he went near her, and looked in her face; it was Ailie—but, great Heaven; how changed, how wan, how white 1 Her face, as the old man said, was transparent—it was unearthly in its clear transparency; the sorrow that filled it was not of the kind that Bends relief in tears. He saw that she looked neither to the right nor the left, that she never took her eyes from the great notch on the black arehes. He pictured to himself the clear, green waves rising slower higher and higher, until they covered the sweet, sad face, and bore her away with them. The picture troubled him so greatly he dare not be silent any longer. What if she rose suddenly and walked from the end of the jetty into the sea ? He stood before her—he touched her gently, and called her by name. " Ailie 1 " he said ; 41 Ailie' my wife ! " There was no madness in the gaze she turned on him, nothing but unutterable sadness—unutterable sorrow. Sbe did not seem surprised to see him ; perhaps she had thought so much about him that it gave her no surprise to see him there. Her face could grow no whiter than it had done, but a strange light came into her eyes. She never dreamed that he was there for any other purpose but to blame her. She clasped her hands and looked into her face. '' " I did not betray you, Lord Carsdale," sbe said. " I did not tell one single word. I would not have spoken if they had killed me." Then she looked from him to the dark arches, where the waves roBe slowly. " Ailie," he said, gently, " will you tell me what you are doing here? " "Yes," she replied. "I am waiting until the water reaches that rock, then it will carry me away." "You know that will be suicide," he said. " I do not think so; the Eoft, green waves will fetch me—I shall not throw myself in.' "But, Ailie, why do you wish to die? " he asked. " Because my miserable life stands between you and your happiness," she replied; "because life is hitter, and death is sweet." "My darling Ailie—my dear wife—listen to me," he saia. " I have followed you here, I have looked for you everywhere, because I want to tell yon that at last I have learned to lave you—and that I want you to try and be happy as my wife." There was no rapture of love in the pale faoe, no light such as he had dreamed his words would bring there, no gleam of joy. She looked at him with gentle, mournful dignity. "You forget," she said," you told me that you loved Lady Ethel." There was no reproach, no anger in her tones; nothing but the most gentle incredulity. " I know it," he said; " but Ailie, listen to me. I have come so far to see you, my darling; make room for me by your Bide." She drew aside her dress, and he sat down by her. "I want to tell yon, Ailie, how your heroism has touched me. My darling, take your eyes from that terrible rook; the clear, green waves shall never take you away—your only home BhaU be henceforward in my heart. Ailie, you said onoe, long ago, that love wins love; and it is true. Your great love for me has won love from me." Still she looked at him, and said: " It is Lady Ethel you love, not me." " My darling wife, what muBt I say to convince you thfiHt is you whom I love, and no other? 'Lady Ethel and I have parted; we shall not meet again; and I gave up my life to seeking tor you, just as now I Bhall give it up to making you happy." " It cannot be true," she said, musingly. "It is true, Ailie. I cannot even tell you when I began to think so much about you; I frankly own that it puzzled me myself; I did not believe it was possible that I was learning to' love you. Your face touched me; the sweet, sad eyes haunted me; the sound of your voice never left me, and I said to myself I must belearmng to love my wife at last." He took the two cold, white hands in his. " Then, when I came back—I. was only so short a time absent, Ailie—when I'came back, and I found that my beautiful wife had suddenly become a heroine, that tor my sake, because she would not betray me, she had endured insult and calumny—that she had sacrificed even her fair name for me by refusing to justify herself at my expense. I said to myself, my wife is a heroine, the greatest heroine of all; there is no one like her. Quite suddenly, my darling, you became invested in my eyes with every great and glorious quality—with endurance, with patience, with fortitude, with self-denial. What love was this? I said to myself; the world had seen none like it—so beautiful, so brave, so devoted 1 And, Ailie, while I stood listening tjp what my mother said about you, my heart feemed stirred with a new, sudden, ^reat love—a lova that swept through my whole being like a flame, before which.^U, other love faded,'and I said to mysdf,^ I^will make myself worthy of my wife.'" She looked up at him timidly. " It is really true, Lord Carsdale, that you love me ?—that you wish to be worthy of me ? —is it really true ?" " It is quite true, Ailie. Let me tell you something else. I have been to Rudeswell, and have made them all happy there. I have told them who I am, and all about our marriage. I have done the same thing at home, so that there need be no more secrecy." Some little colour had come into the beautiful face, a lovely colour that came and went; the unearthly light faded'from her face, and something of human interest came into it. " I have been here so long," she said, " waiting for death, that my eyes are dazzled with the great, strong light of eternity. What did Lady Waldrove say ? She was very angry, I know. I tremble when I think of her." " She was angvy, and my father, too; but, my darling Aflie,' I am going to take you to Austria; and when we have been there a few years they will forget all anger, and be glad to see me bade again." He spoke more cheerfully than he felt on that one subject. Then he told her all that Lady Ethel had said. "Now will you believe that I love you, my wife? If you knew bow ashamed I feel of all my cowardice, how angry I have been with myself for my want of courage, you would forgive me.' Believe that I love you, my darling wife, when I give up with a smile everythibg man holds most dear—country, home, friend*, parents, all for the one true love of ray life." ~ - ' ^ There was a lingering look of incredulity on her face, but as he clasped her in his arms, and covered her face with passionate tears, it vanished never to return. She held her hands for one minute above her head, then she said: "Ithank God that He has given me the desire of my heart." The stars came out in the dark sky, the moon shone on the waters, and long hours had passed before they quitted the solitary pier. It was not the same Ailie; thoee who had feared her before would not know ber now; all the sorrow and sadness had passed from her beautiful face, and it was bright with the happiest love. It seemed to her that no one had ever been so happy before, or so blessed. She asked so many questions about home—what her father and mother had said? what Hose's lover was like ? was all the grand news over Frank true? And Lord Caredale, seeing how deeply it interested her, never wearied of telling her every detail cf the interview. Two daysafterward they started for Vienna, where, in the course of a few months, Lady Carsdale was known as one of the most beautiful and brilliant ornaments of a brilliant court. She was happy beyond all words in her husband's love, and he had learned to value her. CHAPTER LXVIII. ANGELS OF PEACE. Six years had passed since the terrible day oh which the proud Countess of Waldrove had owned, with bitter tears, that the hopes of her life lay buried. Lady Gertrude's marriage was one of the most brilliant ceremonies ever witnessed at Roeeneath. The Duke and Duchess of Claverdon were present, And the moBt elaborate apologies were made for the unavoidable absence of the son and heir. He was in Vienna, and could not get away. Lord Carsdale had sold out of his regiment before he left England, and the appointment he held in Vienna was a diplomatic •one. The countess owned herself more than content with the grandeur of the marriage. Her daughters, the Duchess of Claverdon and Lady Riwdon, visited her very often, bringing with them blooming children, the sight of whom made her heart ache with longing for her son. During all these years Lord Carsdale had not written home. Perhaps had he prayed for pardon and reconciliation, the earl and the countess might have hardened their hearts against him; as it was, his submission and silence had softened them. One event bad happened which had brought back all the old bitterness to Lady Waldrove —Lady Ethel had married that most handsome, irresistible of all woers, Captain Moore. Sbe had become the Countess of Hurlingham since her marriage, and on each visit to Roseneath she never ceased to weary both earl and countess with importunities to send for their son. " It was such nonsense," she said; " the deed was done now. Lord Carsdale had proved himself to be a hero. As for his wife, the British peerage," she dauntlessly dedared, " did not hold such another." There was nothing but good news from the Derwents. Through the influence of Lord Carsdale, Rose's lover, the Reverend Cnthbert Lodes, had been presented with a good living in Yorkshire, where he and his amiable wife lived the happiest of lives. Frank had made his mark, and bid fair to be one of the lead ing civil engineers of the day. John Derwent and his wife had retired to a very pretty little farm in the sunniest part of Kent, where they lived as they had never hoped to live, and Hettie was with them. Nothing but good news from all parts o! the world, and Lady Ailie Carsdale rejoiced in it. There came a beautiful spring morning— the sun was shining, the balmy air was filled with the perfume of mignonette and lilac. The Earl and Countess of Waldrove sat alone in their breakfast-room at Roseneath Abbey— a beautifal room, gay with pink hangings and white lace, fragrant with lovely white hyacinths and jonquils. The sun shone in through the windows, and its light fell on the beautiful flowers,the massive silver, the delicate china, and fine damask. It was a vary pretty and luxurious home picture—the countess in her dainty morning-robe and cap of Mechlin lace, the earl in his dressing-gown —a oozy home picture. My lady touched the white hyacinths, she looked at the greenspringing mignonette, she lingered over the fragrant tea; and then, with a great sigh, die said to the earl: " I am very lonely; I am very dull." "It is dull," said the earl. "We seem to be lost in this great, empty house. I have felt quite gloomy since Gertrude and her children went away." The same unspoken thought lay deep in the heart of both—an intense longing to have their son near them again. Suddenly the silvery, musical chiming of a child's laughter was heard. Lady Waldrove looked up quickly. " What was that ?" she asked. The earl did not move. " Some of the servants have little visitors, I should imagine," he Baid. ^ But the words died on his lips, for the door suddenly and slowly opened, and then entered the lovelist pair of little children ever beheld^. There was a little girl with a face like a rosebud, lovdy, laughing eyes, and sweet lips, with shining, golden hair that lay over the whitest shoulders ever seen—a little fairy, full of grace and dignity. She looked neither to the right nor to the left, but went straight up to the earl, and standing in front of him, raised her lovely, limbed eyes to hisface. - ' Will you pleas&forgivemy;«namma?" she said. " - ... Ajiands0me,.dark-haired boy, with, a true darsclale face, and dark, flashing eyes—a frank, bold, brave boy, who won her heart at a glance, went up to Lady Waldrove, and said: " Will you forgive my papa ?" "God bless mel" cried the earl. ^Who are these ? Who are you, my dear ?" , " I am Lucie Carsdale," said the littls feiry. " And I," said the boy, " am Stephen Garsdale—named after my grandfather, the grand old earl." I And who sent you here ?" 'Papa and mamma sent us. Papa bids me say he loves you both, and he longs to come home to you. He Bays you will love mamma when you know her." It was useless for the counteBS to speak, for the earl had clasped both the pretty messengers in his arms. I I &hould; refuse the angels of God," he said," if I refaee you." 'Shall you forgive our boy?" said the countess. And the grand old earl, in a faltering voice, said: " I will, I will, as I hope one day to be forgiven." There was still another surprise for them. Lady Ethel followed the little ones into the room. " I am an uninvited guest," she said; " but, I am sure, a welcome one. I have brought these dear children. Lord and Lady Carsdale wait outside." The next moment the- son was in his mother's arms, and the earl had embraced his son's wife. It was the prettiest scene ever witnessed, and one which must.-have made the angels smile. They lived happily ever afterward. The countess learned to love very dearly the beautiful, graceful woman who was her son's wife. There was no more popular lady in England than Lady Carsdale; but, when she is speaking seriouely, she says there is no greater folly than that of an unequal marriage. THE END. 