TELLING A STEEPLECHASE ? TALE. In this great Babylon of ours it is a well accepted truism that you do not know who your next door neighbor may be, and in many cases perhaps it is quite as well not to inquire, remembering the old ViOit country saying : " If you ask me no questions, I'll tell you notice." And thus it is often the best plan not to be too inquisitive. about the story I me about to relate shows how necessary it is that if you do not know whose company you may be in, you should be very cautious what you utter, for even in telling an anecdote no matter how true it may not always be pleasant to your neighbour, whether he is perched alongside you on a coach, outing at the same coffee-room table, or is seated in the same compart- ment of a railway carriage One cannot, however, always keep one's mouth shut during a journey, but if you do venture to chat on a subject, whether religious or political, or retail an anecdote of another, let it be true in substance, and rendered as pleasant as possible, so that it cannot give offence to strangers. The little occurrence that befell me a short time since induces me to relate it as a " caution to charterers," though luckily for me, the tale I told find no unpleasant ending, still, it is advisable to learn " who's who" before one speaks. It was on the first day of the Epsom Spring Meeting this year of grace, 1884-1 had been to see the " Great Mo crop," (as the Cockneys style it) run for, with a companionable friend, who hails from the land of " furze, heather, and brake," in breezy Dorsetshire We had not been well pleased with our days ventures, a chapter of seconds and thirds, added to the cold east wind, and the dusty grit of the famous Surrey downs, making us rather "grumpy," and anxious to got back to our hotel for an ablution and a good dinner. Our compartment was inconveniently full, but no one complained in fact an ominous and co co pervaded, if I except a few words that were being exchanged between our two opposite neighbours in the corner, one of whom was a well-built, clear-cut proposed young fellow, fashionably, yet not Bhowily 1 rot ned, and who was enjoying the fragrance of an exceedingly " well bred " cigar. At West Croydon his companion got out, as did also another passenger, and this gave no more elbow room, and me the opportunity of crossing over to the other side, and getting my own friend, who was just waking up from a t reverie. He remarked that Epsom' races may be all very well for " Londoners," but he never enjoyed anything so well as sport in the West of England, with its hurdle jump- ing and steeplechasing', as witnessed at Totnes, Newtown, Abbot, Tiverton, Torquay, etc., adding there was more fun for your money" than in the short squib like races on the T.Y.C. at more fashionable meetings. " Ah," said he give me a sight of the big steeplechase at Totnes, where the horses have to go through the River Dart twice, and have to jump those great banks, with a long drop' that would satisfy the ideas of Master Bartholomew Binns, or any other professor of the ' art of murder' by hanging," and then he asked me if I'd over soon the Devonshire banks, Soon them?" quoth I why, I lived all my early days in the county of Devon, and never missed the two days at Totnes all the time. I remember that excellent and graceful horseman, George Holman, riding a most splendid race there, with a horse he brought down from Cheltenham, called Little Monkey ยก but he didn't win, he lost by a head, after doing four miles without a mistake. The good little fellow only had one eye, but he could see as much with that one as some can with two and his jockey had two good ones, and a rare head and big heart, But General Hutchinson's Wrestler won, ridden by a West Country jockey whose name I for- got. I could see a smile pass over the face of my next neighbour with the cigar, and he remarked, "Ah, I know a bit about Totnes and Torquay, too, and I have ridden over the Devonshire Banks often." This see my tongue Ioobo, and I began to describe the first steeplechase meeting they had at Torquay, and told them I should acquaint them of something that had occurred in the chief race there, that neither of them ever saw or heard the like of. They seemed inclined to listen, and I must be very tired indeed when I cannot talk over a sporting affair, Such as steeplechasing or hunting, so I went on to say that the first steeplechase hold at Torquay was at St. Mary's Church, adjoining the well-known Babbicombe downs and the chief prize was open to all England for 100 guineas (a great stake in those days). The distance was four miles, but to do this you had to go three times round the course, starting just below the grand stand, which enabled the onlookers to see the horses pass them four times, you know. The Holds were very narrow strips of land (except the winning one), and were divided by the usual high and broad bank kind of fence that required a horse out of the Welsh or Irish country to safely combat with the local hunter class. One or two of the hodges, however, had to be cut down entirely, or it would have been nearly all jumping and even as it was there was plenty of it, I assure you. There was one marvellously clever horse ran in the race called Waterford, belonging to Mr. Formby, a brother to the one who owned a few " georges" that ran in the owner's assumed name of Mr. York, some years ago. He was as clever as a cat and never made a mistake ; but the winner turned up in a chestnut mare called Slattern, ridden by William Archer, of Shelton ham. Now, I have told this story a good many times, and each time I tell it 1 fool all the excitement of the race, just as I did then, and it was nearly 30 years ago. "Slattery was a bold resolute jumper, but she jumped too big, and at one fence in particular she fell each time she went round in attempting to fly it, don't you see ? I think she fell in all five times, but quicker than I could write it her jockey was up again and on horseback, and her speed soon filled up the gap between her and the others, but, at the lost fall, Archer would have been seriously injured by Waterford jumping on him had not the rider of Mr. Formby's horse good naturedly choked him, which allowed the fallen rider to rise to his feet. He was in the saddle before you could say Jack Robinson" he steadied her to the next fence, which he got safely over, the, putting on all the steam he could down to the post and rails in front of the brook, he landed over in front of everything. The last jump was a made-up turf bank, which had been pretty well knocked about, and the mare fairly galloped over it and won by 100 yards. The train at this part of my tale came to a standstill at London Bridge Station, and all arose to depart, Our good-looking young traveller said, as he was passing out of the carriage, "Then you think William Archer was a pretty good man over a country ?" " Good man, she ! I should think he was," I blurted out. "I am glad to hear you say so," quoth the young 'man, "for he is my father." . If hold said he was the ghost of Hamlet's father he could not have taken my breath away more suddenly, and before I could utter a word he was gone. A fellow passenger said to me, "Why, don't you know who you have been talk- ing to all this while? That's Charles Archer, the trainer." "No I didn't know," I pettishly replied. " I know his brother, because I've so often seen him in the saddle, but I never saw this one bolero in my life, and it's a lesson nil ought to learn, never to speak too loudly in the presence of strangers." Thirty years is a long time to look back on, but I can still hear the cheers that greeted the victorious one as mare and jockey came back to weigh in, I can see the handkerchiefs waving and other demonstrations of delight from the fair box in the carriages and on the stand, and not the least part of the fun have I forgotten in the circumstance of a dozen or more of the country folk talking broad Devon over the affair. ' ' Who is 'or ?" cried one. " Don't now," send another ; " never a year's oo's nanto, A thaw't a sudden ride when viz good un yawl hoff Uko a did." Whilst another had satisfied his curiosity by making a policeman who the rider was, and he came back with the intelligence that it was Archer, the Liverpool steeplechase jockey. 