NEWS OF THE DAY. The Afghan Boundary Commission, under Colonel Ridgcwav, are reported liv cable to have arrived at'llcrat, though the connrtie- sioners liare not actually taken uptheirquarters jvifhin the town. They ur<> encamped 17 miles from Hcrut. a fact which seems to iudicate that their Sffvics-'j m sujeritdeadifig the work of strengthening the fnrliticatious have not yet been called into requisition by tho Ameer, 't he Journal dr. St. PrUrsbnurq. wliirh is the seini- oflicial orgauof the Czar, declares that tho re cent movements of Russian troops near Zulficar, which have caused tlie present alarm, arc nn- importaut. Russia, it is alleged, will do nothing to coreprmnisp the diplomatic negotia tions uow proceeding with Great Britain. Sir Saul Samuel. Agcnt-Gcnerol for New South IVaJcs, has formally announced, ou hehnlf nt his Government, the. abandonment for the present of the £5,500.000 loan recently placed ou the Loudon money market. The reason assigned is tho uncertainty prevailing iu regard "to ihe maintenance of peace. Mr. Service is still in telegraphic communi cation with Sir Alexander Stuart in reference to Ihe Federal Council Euubliug Bill now bc- foro the Houso of Commons. The following is a copy of a telegram which Mr. Service despatched to the Vremicr of New Sonth Wales on Saturday : — "Tour recent telegrams raise some points which there is absolutely no time to discuss without risk of losing bill. " If we had known your mind sooner wemight all have agreed on soute_ important amendments. Meantime, with a view to remove what appears to be your greatest obstacle, I shall, with the concurrence of the other colonies, arrange to withdraw the opposition to clanse 31 ns originally introduced. First session Federal Council will probably lie occupied by passing measures on which all colonics arc already agreed, snch, for example, as affect absconding debtors, &c.;, and when once council is at work, desirable amendments in constitution can be easily made, and would puss Imperial Parliament without delay when wc spoke unitedly. Let ns make a start with out being too critical. Our common interests cannot be antagonistic. Mi. Murray Smith cabled on Saturday that tho conference be tween the Secretary of State for the Colonies and the Agents-General on the Federal Enabling Bill and tho opposition of the New South Wales Government would take place to-day. The Premiers of South Aus tralia. Tasmania nnd Queensland have ex changed telegraphic notes with Mr. Service relative to tho extraordinary nnd itnlnoked for opposition raised at the eleventh hour by New Sonth Wales against tho passing of the Federal Couucil Bill, nnd the Govermnenis of these colonies are thoroughly in accord with the Victorian Cabinet in resisting the attempt to have the bill shelved. There will he another broken sitting this week m the Legislative Assembly. On Tues day precedence over all other business will be given to Mr. Harper's motion for vesting iltc low lying lands on the south hank of the Ynrra in a board of -trustees, who are to reclaim the land and afterwards lease it, applying tlie rent thus obtained to paying off the loans raised for railway purposes. The leasing principle advo cated by Mr. Harper has already been adopted by the Government, who, however, are not prepared to place this valuable area of lnnd outEide of the control of Parliament. Mr. Tucker' will explain to the House what action he has taken its Minister of Lands, and when his statement is before hon. members it is ex pected that Mr. Harper, as well as the debate on his motion, will collapse. The remainder of Tuesday's sitting is to be given over to the second reading debate on the Licensing Bill. On Wednesday tho Treasurer will make his budget statement, though it is probable tltat the speech will ho deferred till Thursday, a slight difficulty having nriseu in connection with the Parliamentary dinner to bo giveu that evening at Government house. The ltonr fixed for tho commencement of this festivity is half- past six, aud the House will therefore need to adjourn at six o'clock at the latest. If anv preliminary business is started ot tho beginning of tho Wednesday sitting, the Treasurer must then postpone His financial statement till Thurs day, as he will be unable ti compress his speech into less than two hours. Jt is uncertain, there fore, whether Thursday evening is to be taken up with the budget or Licensing Bill debate. In the Legislative Council, which will sit on Tuesday, the second reading of tlie Bills of Lading Bill nnd the Transfer of Land Statute Amending Bill are to be taken. The V.B,C. Grand. National Steeplechase Meeting took place oa.thc Flcmington racecourse on Saturday, afternoon, arid proved successful, tlipugh the _ attendance was . materially lessened, while. . the casualties incidental to jumping races were, considernblv in creased by the wet weather of "Satur day morniug. " But, making allowances for the effect of the threatening weather, the atten dance, which included his Excellency the Go vernor and a party from Government House, was satisfactory. Ths racing throughout the day was good, and though the running ground was heavy very. fair time was recorded. Pro ceedings commenced. with . the Maiden Hurdle Race, in which tho favorite. Hippogriff, scored a win, Sea Breeze being second, Duration third, Iu the Maiden Steeplechase, which followed, another favorite in Reticent won. Lady Ashton filling second place, while Kulkyne was third. There were 1 0 starters for ihe' Grand Nn'tional Hurdle Race, which re sulted in a win for The Agent, a gallant little chestnut horse belonging. to Mr. C. H. T. Hart, of Adelaide, The winner's previous perform ances caused -him to be top weight, hut. despite this, he experienced no difficulty iu heating Gnardfish, who had cut out lite running for the greater .part .of ithe. throe miles. Cockboat tiuished third. In tho Grand National Steeple chase there were 14 starters, and' ilio" result, after a series of falls, was a win for Wymlet, who was ridden by Corrigan ; Sailor was second and Denmark third. The winner is the property of Mr. .Martin Loughlin, of Ballnrat. Morvcn, a horse belonging to the same owner, was favorite, but in company with several ot Iters he enmo to grief over the" stone wall iu front of the grand stand. None of the riders wer/t very seriously' injured. S.tudeut wop the Selling' Hurdle Race, Flamborotigh lie- lug second und Doncaster third. The winner was bought in for 140 guineas, all of which goes to the club's fuuds. The Flat Race, which con cluded the meeting, was won by The Ghost, with Plausible second and Bohemian third. The Telegraph Department lias received tlie following notification from Rangoon : — ' Mes sages can be addressed 'Kitukim post. Suez.' A weekly mail leaves Suez oil Friday." Under date the 19th inst., Boliuao advises that tlie. Manilla land lines aro interrupted, and Sharp's Peak advises that tho Sharp's Beak Fou Chow land lines are interrupted. tLTlie board appointed to inquire into the cir cumstances surrounding the application of John Carnegie, a relative of Mr. K. Richardson. M.L.A., for an allotment of laud at Fish Creek, met for the second time on Saturday morning. Mr. Richardson, who .continued his evidence, admiiicd that he had destroved the original document signed by Carnegie," on hearing some nnplcaspnt rumors' afloat in re gard to the transaction. The witness William N'icoll proved a difficult fish to angle, and could scarcely be induced to answer questious. whilst he certainly could not he persuaded to replv ije- jB.it jf af aqy flipo. After a|l thp cvi(leiicc hud Doei) takep.tif wliich a roj»oit uppers in aqojlier column, Mr, Outhhert addressed the board id- length and tho chairman announced thnt t)ie hoard would consider its repurt at an early dale. The Postal department arc making arrange ments for a delivery of letters bv letter carriers ai Catilliold on and' after tlie 17th prox.. and as ordinary correspondence will not be de livered by a letter carrier iu any ease where to make such dcliverv, he' would have to travel more than 100 feet from the footptjth to the house, pprsons so situated are desired to have boxes for tlie reception of letters fixed at or near their entrance gatos. Hitherto the postal arrangements at. Cau'lfielii have been carried ou at a local storekeeper's, but now that the shire have erected a new town hall, combining a post office with other nrran»e- rocnts, it is intended, after the date named, to transfer the postal business to Ihe new- hall. The Exhibition trustees, whilst making con- slant additions to the attractiveness pi tim aquarltpn, pre not qcglecting their priiuarv ob ject in its establishment, namely, us a means of education with regard to evervthing con nected with marine life. . With this view plates have been fihfoingd of nil the fish kltow-n to exist in v ictorian wafers. The plates' have been placed in the aquarium, and in the rooms adjoining. By this means visitors ran at once obtain the name and description of fish hitherto only recognisable by scientists. On Saturdav afternoon two fine specimens of seals from Julia Percy Island arrived by the steamer Nelson, aud were safely popveyej to their pew homo, which they soemed to take to at onco, disportin-' themselves in the largo pool like porpoises a" play. As they appear more docile than those previously obtained Mr. Sherranl believes that they cau he successfully reared. Owing to their lively habits they form avaluahle addition to the attractions of the aquarium. A conference took place last week between representatives of the Harbor Trust nnd the jlort Meljionrne end Sonth Melbourne Connrils liti toe spttject Ot" tilling np ilie Eori'Mahoufnc lagoon. The comcrenco did nnl. arrive «i anv actual decision, tho matter being left for the present In abeyance, but it was understood that the representatives of tho Harbor Trust, bein» of opinion that as the residents within ihe boundaries of Port Melbourne and South Mel bourne municipalities contributed to ' tne nuisance of allowing offensive matter to enter the lagoon, these bodies should contribute towards the expense of tilling up the lagoon. The Harbor Trust, are willing to onutiibnta their share Inwards the cost of the wyrk il'.the | councils named will do "likewise. . ' ' A meeting will be halt! this evening iu -tins Congregational Hall, Rnsscll-streot, of Christian miuistcrs and adherents of all denominations to consider the Licensing Bill Htul Ihe Govern ment propose!?. Tito chair will he Inkcu at half-past seven by thu Rev. D. Jones Hauler. ; A meeting of teachers, convened by circular, was held ou Saturday morning in the Tem- peraucc Hall, lo tiiko into consideration '.ha losses sustained by them since January-through the operation of the Public Service Act. Tito meeting appoinlcd a deputation to scokan inter view with the Premier aud Minister of Educa tion to advocate the amendment of the G8th clause, so that teachers' salaries may ho con served in the same way its the 27th and 28th clauses conserve those of other civil servants. . Messrs. Dalgety and Company, agenis for tho Mcssagerics Maritimes Company, have been informed by a telegram received from Aden that the steamer Oceanieu, after having been quar antined in Mauritius on account of an isolated case of small pox, .which broke -out previous to Iter arrival at Port Louis, sajled from that port ou the 10th iust. The Oceiinien landed the passenger affected by small pox ut the Mauritius quarantine, aud was cleared by the health authorities before her departure. She' "may be expected to nrriTe at. Adelaide on the 25th inst,, and in Melbourne on the 27th. The increasing demands for relief al the Women's Hospital and the depression of its funds have necessitated the proraulgpiion of very stringent rules Tor the reception, of patients. No out door relief will in future be given, or apartments provided outside the hos pital. and no midwifery patients will he re ceived who have homes of their own, unless early notice has been given, with a special re commendation from the committce' of manage ment. However desirous it inav he that the benefits of tho hospital should lie open to all needy persons, it is found impossible that effi ciency and economy can be maintained with the limited accommodation at the disposal of the committee, and when the utmost limits of relief have been exceeded, A gigautic project is announced of establish ing a limited liability, company to purchase the extensive pastoral properties "of Messrs. Fisher and Co. in the northern part of.Soutli Austra lia. The property consists of 34.000 square miles, or about 22,000,000 acres, held nnder an unexpired lease of 21 yeurs from the South Aus- tralian Government. Tlie station, which is equal to about two-thirds of England and AValcs, includes 35.500 acres of- freehold: lands, linnicstcails nnd other improvements, as well as about 20,000' head of cattle and GOO horses. The company is to be. formed, upon aAnutnal and co-operating basis, und shareholders may becoipe employ on the station. At the end of seven years, when the propertv has been more fully stocked it is proposed to "sub- divide it into separate runs, nnd shareholders can be come the lessee of blocks ' for the remainder ol tho lease. The company is to be formed with a capital of £525.000, in 350 shares of £1500 each, of which 120 shares fully pnid up will lie retained hv tho present holders of the property, Tito balance of the shares arc now offered to the public. Of the wliolo of the contributed rapi- tal £345,000 is to be reserved for stocking pur poses nnd current, expenditure, and £220.000 will be paid to the present owners, which, with the 120 paid-up shares, will form ihe purchase money lo ne paid by the now cotnpanv for tho properly. A prospectus giving full details has been issued. The foundation stone of the Richmond Tabor- naclc Mission Church, iniended for the use of all recognised Christian denominations, was laid ou Saturday afternoon by Mr. M. H. Davies, M.L.A. The success of the meetings hitherto held in Ihe Oddfellows' Hall, which are nt- tended on an average by 250 persons, induced the supporters of the movement to erect a building, the use of which could he reserved for their own special purposes. Sufficient money has been raised by subscriptions to justify them in . commencing the- work. -The proceedings' opened with prayer, after , which addresses were delivered bv the Roy'. A. -J. Stewart, pastor of the Tabernacle.;. Mr. M. H. Davies, M.L.A.; and the Jtevs. O. T. Berks' Church of England ; S, Chapman. .Baptist ; and F. IT. Brown, Cougregalional. Several hvmns were sung, aud a selection of music was plavcd by a brass band, composed of members of the association. The building when completed will he an octagonal brick edifice, fronting Lennox- street, the exterior being ornamented with black and white hands, and white gauged arches. The interior consists of a central hall, 6G feet x 48 feet, with an open timber roof, calculated to accommodate 520 people, and. 7 class rooms of various dimensions, ' The architects are Messrs. Daltou and Gibhins. of 5 Collins-street west, and the contractor is Mr. W. C. Dean, Yarra Bank, (ho estimated cost being about £2000, of which a considerable portion remains to bo raised. A shocking accident happened. on Satnrdav morning at' the sawmills belonging to A. G. Utber, Bttrwoqd-road, Hawthorn. Alfred Utber! son of the owner of the mills.. u young man, 24 years of nge, and foreman of'ilte establishment, fell in among the machinery whilst putting on the holt which lends from , tho engine to a large, grindstone. Ho was thrown down, dra-'gnd about and frightfully mangled,' owiro- hf the rapidity with which the wheels were revolving. Ilis loud outcries at the moment he was cam-fit and drawn in among the machinery brought several of the workmen to the scene /if the acci dent, and after the lapse of a minute during which tlie unfortunate voting man was shock ingly injured, tho machinery was stopped. He was taken our quite tmconscious and almost lifeless ; one of his arms was torn from the shoulder, and the other dreadfully mangled, both his legs were fractured in several places, and his feet were horribly crushed. A sy rgo.it, was at once sent for, who attended tho sufferer at his father's residence, bat Itis injuries re sulted fatnlly, ns he djed yesterday. At about nine o'clock yesterdav lnornin" tlie £ body of a man wasfound floating in I lie lower part of the river, near the junction of the new canal, at 1" isht»rman s Bond. It \va<; iHsrovorcd bv h u watchman named Cool;, in the employ of life f Harbor Trust, Tho deceased was bclivecu 35 s and 40 years of age, of medium height and j>3 dark complexion. 'Hie bodv. which has been 1 removed to the morgue, appeared to have been it ten or twelve days iu the water. Nothim- r' was found in the clothes to facilitate identifies >' tion. An inquest will beheld, ' Hi , A fatal accident jt|tppvned at about nine i ; o clock on Saturday Moiling at Romsev rail- fe'i way station, 37 miles from Melbourne. A young man named William L. Thomas, about & 24 years of age, a porter, was engaged shunt- p tug some carriages when h;< '.linped und fell fe across the rails. A (noment aflcrwuixls, hefejo lie could rise, an engine tluit ho was coupling V prostrate btjdv. inflicting terrible '& tujitrtes which caused his death. When picked IIP and placed on a stretcher tho unfortunate & ttiqn presented a shocking appearance, helm- t "isemlmiveiled. Ilis body was brought, bv train f to Melbourne and taken to tho general hospital, f where 1 1 was examined shortly before midnight 1 by Dr. Mulhson. The deceased not lon» treo ' effected an insurance of his life for £100? and 7 the policy was found in his pockets An in- $ quest will he held by the district coroner to. day. fc A great disturbance tot.lt; place in Lvgo'ri- f| strool, Carlton, ou Saturday aftornnou. caused by .the Violent behavior of a number of disorderly roughs, who for some time kept $! lie neighborhood in an uproar. In endeavoring ft to restore; order, and whilst arresting the princi- ' W pal offenders, Constable Coffey, Troacr, GilP, ij gan and Farrell were mucli knocked about, and ? these officers have preferred charges of assault iff against their assailants, two men named En- tEil Rector, who will be brought up to- ' ur,y at tho City Court. 2tj ritcre was a very large congregation nt St, jji Jamcs-s yesterday morning, when the Bishop gi of Melbourne preached tlie sermon. The text P! was taken from Acts ;;vi„ 13-'- Ami on ti.e | pahbath wo. went out of tjio oitv hv a riverside, Sj where prayer is wont to. bo made and we sat ll down anil spoke unto the women which re- " II sorted thither. Dr. Moorhouse marked ilte Iff occasion; signalised by the text as being that on winch the first scvn'.on was preached in Europe. , It wiLs tti response to the invitation of a dream ! that St. Paul crossed over to Phillipi in | Macedon ; hut having got there he secured in the first instance a congregation of humble ! though devout women, who valued nnd profited i bv his teaching. Lydia was the most prominent i of them, and how did she confute the envious ; argument that a prosperous business man cotiM j not at the same time he honest ? F,niertainiii» i the apostles frequently, slw prevfikd all flieiv needs, and lie clmroli of Phillipi stood out from | amongst thoso of tlie apostle's visiiatiuna. ) Pliere way the bishop s(tid. q romantic cssoeia. tion gathered about all liegiuniugs. and that whtch hworel about the first. Christian meeting In I hiUipi was the fount aud source of Chris tianity in the west. The preacher took the opportunity to say that, it was a reproach to the modern c.ergv, who were complaining that thei, scope of usefulness was limited and their roa- < gregatrons scanty, that St. Paul, with defect-va j powers of oratory and failing health, always i en|rossyd qq audience whuff; wqs bjss ewwotw | Of his eloquence tlmu liis sincerity mid direct ness of purpose. The patience and endurance of ihe apostle were features of character to be emulated by modern preachers in the face of one who saw in a single human soul a whole world of interest. Iho State of Religion will form the subject nfaconferenceuta meeting of tlm Melbourne Ares uy lory, to i-u Held in the Assembly Hull, at eleven o'clock a.m. lo- jnorivw. and at the afternoon sederunt various remits of Ihe as sembly and commission relating to the jubilee fund, the general code of rules lor the contem plated federation of churches, and other mat- ten, w ill be considered. A public temperance meeting, conducted en tirely by Indies, will be held in fboTemperauro Hall. Russell-street. lo-tnorrow evening at eight o'clock, when addresses will ho delivered by Mcsdauics Corlisses, lleslof, Varcoe and Stockwcll. During the evening songs and re citations will he given by several amateurs. Miss Laughton will preside at the piano. The Bijou Theatre was again largely at tended on Saturday evening, when Mr. L. Searelle's opera, Isidora, was successfully re peated. The opera season at this theatre "is to terminate shortly, and complimentary benefit performances will be given to Miss Saville, Miss Plaisted and Air, C. Harding. There was a large attendance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, and The Shaugh- raun was again played to the satisfaction of the audience. The piece will he withdrawn after Friday next for the production of a new comedy. The Jilt. Emerson's Minstrels played on Saturday evening to a numerous audience, and will appear duriug the present week in a new programme. The Nugget Theatre on Saturday evening was well attended, and some new features were introduced into the programme. An entertainment will bo given this evening in the Temperance Hall, Russell- street, for the benefit of Mr. R. JV. 'Whittington, theatrical agent. A good programme lias been arranged, in which Miss Alma Clinton will take part. A concert of tho Melbourne Liedcrtafel is to take place this evening in the Town Hall, under the conduetorship of Herr Sicde. A feature of the entertainment will he tho performance on tho pianoforte by Mr. L. L. Lewis, president of the society, of Mendelssohn's Citpriccio in B minor, with orchestral accompauimcnt. The People's Concert in the Temperance Hall, Russell-street, was very successful on Saturday eveuing in attracting an audience. The Stunley Surprise Entertainers made their first appearance in Melbourne, and succeeded in pleasing the audience with their songs and choruses, several of which were encored. A variety programme followed. A short series of farewell concerts will be commenced by M. Remenvi, at the Melbourne Town Hall, on Wednesday next. He will lie supported by Miss Huttie B. Downing, soprano, Mr. R. Hiramer, tenor, and Mr. Isidore Luck- stone, pianist. A sacrcil cantata, entitled Ilelslinazar's l-'cast. Mill lie given In the Carlton Independent Church, IJatlidou-ne- strcct, on Wednesday evening. Mr. Clias. Sykcs will tmclato as organist 