TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. Br Asmodbus. ' From Hawkrabury to Randwick is a very short cry, and tho dust and din of- tho Claren don meeting havo scarcely disappeared than tho rank and fllo of tho turf aro summoned to as- Bemblo for tho purpose of celebrating the in augural spring festivities of tho Australian Jookey Club,1 -What with adjusting accounts In connection wttu tuo victorios oi rnnce im perial, First Choster, Nordenfoldt and Co., tho opening' up of market operations iu respeot to the - Metropolitan and keeping an eye to tho morning rehoarsals'ht Randwick, tho interven ing period has quiokly passed atvay, and to-day all will bo ready for a fresh start. During tho week a largo unmoor of Victorians have arrived in Sydney, and tho want of hotel accommoda tion of tho proper order has boon koonly folt as of 'old. Sydney is considerably behind Mel bourne iu this respoct, and it is to bo hoped tho sovernl syndicates now in course of forma tion for tho purpose of remedying tho existing doflcietioy will soon bear ovidonce' of tho much needed improvement. Unfortunately, visitors to Randwick will not linvo tho benefit of the new grand stand and buildings in course of orection, tho samo not having been completed within tho time specified. Whoro the fault rests I nm at a loss to know ; but, unless tho present number of hands ou tho job aro in creased anil moro progress mado than has been effected during my fortnight's sojourn at Uaud- wiok, I doubt wbothortho substantial structure will bo complotod iu tinio for noxt year's Metro politan meeting. Bricks, mortar and money aro plentiful enough in Now South Wales, but thcro is ono essential element ovorywhoro notlcoablo — namoly, lack of tho consistent prineiplo known as " go." Tho initial event to bo decided this nftornoon is tho Hurdle Raeo, tho field for which is likely to be nn improvement on tho modcrato lot of jumpers that essayed tlie small sticks at Hawkesbnry. Were Royal Maid to undertake tho journey sho would posboss an undeniable chanco of success even with the maximum im post of 12 st. 4 It). , but the' game is probably not worth powder and shot. I do not share tho exalted opinion- which has been formed of Student, and I think. the company will require to bo of a very inediocro description to enable him to sail home in front with 12 st. on board. Should ho start to-day ho may win for all that, and oortain it is that he will not want for friends who aro anxious and ready to put down their money on tho grey. Belle Brandon may not have recovered from tho fall she met with at Hawkeshury, and Echo will, I fancy, beheld safo by somo of tho light weights. Raven meets Ravcnsworth on 9 lb. worse terms than when the last named so easily defeated him in the Ladies' Bracelet, at Hawkesbury, but the Melbourno nag 'is . likely to be benefited by the higher standard of weights which regulate jumping contests. The distance may bo loo far forRoeket and Confldenco, who engaged in such a desperate finish' at Hawkesbury, and I anticipate seeing Ualoola reverse the flat the first time ho. again meets the forenamed pair. But for running off,. Caloola mnst ' havo won easily, and the incident for a wonder evidently escaped the lynx oyed Soatf, otherwise tho Bath- hurst gelding would not havo been permitted to compcto on the satho favorable terms as at Hawkesbnry, viz., 9 st. 4 lb. Had Grattan not met. with the accident ment ioned elsewhere, X should have selected him as tlio winner, and in the absence of tho Oaulfield horse shall pin my faith to Raven, expecting to see Student and Calooln beat all the others. The Trial Stakes ap pears at the mercy of Mr. Jas. White, unless ho is opposed by Manchester, but, as tho last named is supposed to possess strong Derby claims, I doubt whether there is any intention of running liimfor the lesser prize.Under such circumstances I; shall nail my colbrs to Lennox, Hexham or Percussion, which over receives the stable sup port, and of the rest Euer or Minorah may prove ni03t troublesome. . The combined presence of First Chester and the elect (5f Mr. White's team will tend to diminish tho- field for the Derby, and tho few who may have the temerity to oppose them will probably bo seleoted from Manchester, Courtior, Burrilda, Phaon, Algerian and Abner. Very little is known or even hoard of Man chester, who, if woll, would add considerably to tho interest engendered by tho contest. In tho absence, however, of definite information concerning Mr. W. A. Long's colt I expect to seo the Derby fight reduced to a duol betweon First Chester and Uralla. It would not surpriso me to seo the filly again an absentee, but under any circumstances I shall pin my faith to -FIRST CHESTER. The Epsom Handicap may prove a good thing for Espeiglo, noxt to whom I like Angora and Recruit. For the Spring Stakes 1 like Astrcea, Welcome Jnok and Moonshco in tho order named. Happy Thought ought to win tho Welter Handicap. It is plaimy apparent that the rosult of tho Hawkesbury Handicap running lias had a most depressing infiuonco on tho Metropolitan, and the olaims of Despot and Princo Imperial are such as to almost paralyse the betting market. "Thoro has in consequence not bcon a titho of that speculation formerly associated with tho great ovont of tho Randwick Spring Meeting. The only remedy that suggests it3o!f to pre vent a recurrence of tho present unsatisfactory state of affairs is an increa30 in tha penalties, and even then this would not oyorcomo tho difficulty in tho case of runners-up such as Despot. Under tho present ny/ms tho first and second horses in tho Grand Handicap, al though they again oppose each other on precisely similar terms, have 1 lb. less to carry than at Hawkesbury, a ciroumslanoo which apparently settles the prospects of all thoso horses which finishod behind tho leadiug pair last Saturday. In this' lot tire included Merlin, Tho Brokor, Wing. Brown and Iiosc, Comet, Happy Thought, Kathleen, Ceriso and Blue, and Recruit, all of which with perhaps the ex ception of Brown and Rose, who got knocked about terribly, in tho Hawkesbury event, I will unceremoniously wips out. This sweeping condemnation of candidates who would other wise appear, to possess oxcellent obanccs of suc cess but for' exposing tbeir form at Hawkesbury atonce illustrates tho damaging infiuonco whioh has boon brought to bear ou the Metropolitan. The fresh blood likely to bo represented in tbo impending contest iB contained in Reginald (at present tbo mysterious, horso of tho party), Tom Brown, MoonsheO, Honey- dew, Silver King, Potronol, Myics-na- Coppaleon, Espeiglo, Lord of tho Lake, Acolyte, Astrcea, Copra, Old Gold and Per cussion. Apart from tbo faot that .Reginald, of whom tho touts see but little, i9 roported Iamo ono day andwoll tho noxt, I "doubt his ability to concede tho woight asked of him to such horses as Honeydew, Silver King, Despot and Princo Imperial. Tho samo remark applies to Tom Brown and. Moonshoe, who are accord ing to presont ideas unfavorably handicapped. During my rocont visits to Raudwiok I havo contracted an ospcoial fondness for Honoydew, who has developed into a fine racehorse, though ho is is still a bit on tbc leg. His destination, is problematical, howovor, and, as thoro can bo no eortainty attached to defeating Priuco Imperial and Despot on prevailing terms, tho Blippory son of Goldabrough and Queen Bee may possibly bo reserved for somo more favorablo opportunity of distinguishing himself. Without going into on unnecessarily extended analysis of tho Metropolitan candidates I may at onco give it ns my opinion, founded on a careful digest of rocont form, togothor with a closo stndy of tho doings nt Randwick during tho last fortnight, that I regard Ilonoydow and Silver King as possessing tho host chanco of superseding tlio first and second horses nt Hawkesbury ; still I am not by any moans coufidont that oitber will prove ablo to. make tho concession in weight demanded of thorn. Hitherto Dagworth is tho only Hawkesbury Handicap winner that has carried off tho Metropolitan iu tho samo year, albeit Sterling and Masquerade, runners-up for the "Grand," aro amongst thoso who have annexed tho Randwick ovent. Tho ill fated Nemesis, who ran third at Hawkesbury,- also succeeded iu pulling off tho big raco of tho A.J.O., only to afterwards meet a watery grave whilst returning to Victoria with her honors thickuponher. Latterly Hawkesbury champions, liko' First Demon and Hastings, have mado praiseworthy efforts whon tho vonue has been changed to Randwick, so that thero are ample precedents of collateral significance, apart from tho individual merit of their recent perfor mances, to justity the anticipation that Despot or Princo Imperial will demonstrate sufficient superiority to onabie ono or tho other to tako rank alongside past " Motrop" heroes. Wher ever one finishes tho other is bound to be nigh at hand. ' Notwithstanding tho persistent bad luck that has attended Mr. White's grey horse, I am so satisfied with the way in which he finished at Hawkesbury that I shall again record my final vote in favor of DESPOT, expocting to seo him closely followed home by Princo Imperial; Silver King and Tom Brown. . Tho Oaks, to bo deoidod on tho samo day as the Metropolitan, appears at the mercy of Uralla. On the third . day (Thursday) the Richmond Stakos wilt attraot ono of tho largest fields of two-year-olds over seen at the, post in Now South Wales. Halcyon and My Lady: are certain to finish with' the leaders, and as the last named will also be called upon to put up a 7 lb. penalty on this occasion X shall be fully prepared, to see the Queensland bred colt re verse tho Hawkesbury .verdict. Siguorina, Clio and Lord William' aro of tho promising sort and may harass both Halcyon and My Lady in tho rush to catch the judge's eye. Tho rain whioh commenced to fall at Rand wick on Tuesday has bad a beneficial influence on tho oourao, and the going is therefore likely to be in favorablo order. Monday last; tho 14lh inst-, was almost as busy a day with owners as tho 1st of .June, 'Caulfield General Entries, V.H.C. Sircs'-Pro- duce Stakes. 1889, The Melbourne and Ballarat Hunt Clubs' meetings, V.A.T.C. Great Foal Stakos and Guineas' acceptances, all requiring attention, and tho imposing lists which ap peared on. Tuosday morning gave ample evi dence of the vitality of racing in Victoria. Tho general ontrio3 for the Caulfield Cup meoting must have moro than satisfied even the sanguine V.A.T.C. seorctary, the numbers being generally in excess of last year, though in a few instances tho revorse is tho ease. The Maidou Plato, whioh closed with 39 nominar lions last year, has attracted 31, amongst others being Mr. D. S. Wallace's Diver — Sally Brass colt, Denmark, who might surely have been named with move originality instead of clashing with tho celebrated Tasmanian steeple chaser. Inthisovontthohurdlerncer, Hippogriff, and the colossal steeplechaser, Mernder, arc also engaged. Tho first Hurdle Race has 27, more or lass kuown to fame, tho number being exactly the same as last year. The Australian Hunters' Cup. which takes tho place of tho Findon Harriers' Vase, is the failure of the programme, so far as numbers are concerned, the entry being only 32, whilst the latter ovent last year attracted 54. If this falling off is to be accounted for by the scaroity of amateur riders, Aus.trahan Corinthians must look to tlioir laurels, or it will ho supposed that the Wilsons, Watsons, Powers, Pcnders and Smiths of past years havo not been replaced by men game enough to risk the perils of a steeple- chaso course, whon tho pace moans something very different to reconnoitring for weak top rails and broken panels. There is only a dif ference of ono between the entry for this year's Toorak Handicnp and that of last season, the present list including, amongst lesser lights, suoh cracks as Coronet, Camorino, St Law rence, Lantern, The Agent, The Israelite, The Ghost aud Chuckster. In the second day's programtno the Selling Race shows a slight failing off, which will ' not matter much to anybody; and. the Second ' Hurdle Race is, as usual, -ta some oxtent a repetition of the first Tha Nursery Handicap; like nearly all 2-yoar-old races this season, shows an increase on last year's entry, the respective numbers being 34 and 29, but the Open Steeplechase has .-only 21, which is somewhat disappointing. A deficiency of ten in this ovont is, however, exactly made up' by tho excess over la6t soason in tho Windsor Handicap, which has the splendid entry of 58. Tbo acceptances for both the Great Foal Stakes and Guineas aro a little more numerous than last year, whilst tho Caulfield Cup, which this time last soason had 69 left in, has no less than 93 still remaining in the list. Given fine weather it may Bafely bo foretold that Mr. Bond will find tho largely increased accommoda tion/which ho is pushing on with all possible speed, taxed to its utmost capacity on tho 10th and 17th prox. Racing men gonoraUy will bo sorry to hoar, that in all probability .Fryingpan has run his last raco, the gallant litilo son of Bcthnal Green and Saucopan having broken down on Satur day morning. The occurrence will causo moro regret than surpriso to thoso who knew tho horse ho9t, as it ha9 long boon known that his owner and trainer havo experienced tho ut most anxiety as to bis ability to stand anothor severe preparation ; indeed a less skilful hand than that of Mr. F. F Dukin could hardly have kept him on his legs so long as that clover trainer has done. Fryingpan throw off his maidenhood four years ago, at Caulfield, when lie wou tho Great Foal Stakes, of half a mile, iu 50 sec., carrying 8 Bt, Suoh a performance by a 2-year-old naturally gavo promise of futuro cxcellouco, whioh has been satisfactorily rea lised. Ilia liking for tho Caulfield course was again shown in tlio following soason, when ho carried off tho Guineas, and bcsldos winning tho Gippsland Dorby and All- aged Stakos, ran second for. tho V.R.O. Derby, and Qcelong Mares' Protluco Stakos, and third for tho V.R.C. St. Logor. His doublo victory as a 4-yenr-old at tho Victorian Club : mooting was ouo of tho greatest achiovomquts, on record to tho credit- of any horso in Aus tralia. On that occasion, w»h,8st. 9 lb; up, he won the .Victorian Club Cup, a mile and a half, in 2 min. 38 sec. , and on tho same afternoon won tho Bookmakers' Purse, running the mile, with 10 st. 1 lb. up, in 1 min. 42 seo. Last season bo won the Yan Yean Stakes at Fleming ton, covering tho rnilo in 1 min. 42 see., carry ing 9 st. 7.1b., and although on his laBt publio appearance, in tlio Champion Race, ho was not placed, the performance was ono of his most brilliant efforts. On that occasion his mission was to. mako running for Commotion, and the game little horse accomplished his task so effectually as to cover tho first two miles fast cuough to win a Melbourne Cup, leaving David and Silver King unable to raise a gallop at the finish against Mr. Pearson's old champion, who, as most people are aware, won in a canter in. time that has only been beaten by a quarter of. a second— ouce by Commotion himself and ones by First King. I believe it is Mr. Pearson's in tention to put Fryingpan to the stud, and hit union with somo of tho dames of ICilmany Pari should bo attended with success, for, although small, he is a compactly built horse, with Bay Middleton blood on both sire and dam's si Jo. , A number of people who witnessed the raco for tho Hawkesbury Handicap aro ol opinion that Despot would have got safely home but for being repeatedly interfered with iu his endeavor to thread tho distressed division it> tho fast three furlongs of tho journey. Five furlongs from homo I despaired of seeing him finish anywhere near tho front, so badly positioned was he. Considering tho sharp angle leading into thb straight, and further talcing into account that the home stretch is little more than a furlong in length. Despot oaonpied such a disadvantageous ber.th at tho point indicated that ho accomplished wonders to finish whore he did. Tho great pace at which ho rati tlio last furlong in tbo greatest mile and a half evor performed in Australia is convincing evidenco of hi3 powers of en durance, aud it will go hard ivith tho grey son of Maribyruong if ha doos not succeed iu appropriating, ono. or other of tho moro im portant spring handicaps. When I plumped unreservedly for Dosnot in those columns his price was 100 to 4, and as he shortened to 8 to 1 nt tlio post tlio3e who got on early wore pro vided with remunerative facilities for hedging. B.qwn and Roso was knocked about con siderably in the race for tho Hawkesbury Handicap, young Gough, iter rider, declaring ha nover had a show to get through at any part of tlio race. There wa3 no similar oxouso for Comet, who was as poor as a crow, and quite disheartened thoso who supported him previous to seeing him saddle up for the race. Prince Imperial's record of 2 min. 35 see. is the fastest time over registered in Australia for a mile and a half. Curiously enough, the pre vious best on record was mado iuthe same race by Sting and Hastings, viz., 2 min. 36 see. The American record stands at 2 min. 34 sec., said to have bean done by Luke Blackburn at Monmouth Park. There is ono important con sideration attached to Princo Imperial's time, namely, that it is thoroughly authentic. Mn T. S. Ciibborn, secretary of the Australian Jocko..- Ciub, timed lh9 raeo at tho official time keeper's special invitation, for tho purpose of comparing watches, whioh agreed exactly. Mr. John Eales aud other experienced timeists wero also iu accord with the official declaration, so that the new record established is thoroughly genuine. Mr. Joseph Koan mado a very successful i liliiit with tho fiag at Hawkesbury. Ilts despatch of the field for the Grand Handicop was ol it self n masterpiece, albeit he experienced considerable trouble with some of the jockeys beforo be finally gave the signal. M'Gratb, tho rider of Princo Imperial, was the most flagrant: offender of the lot, and Mr. Kean was on the point of ordering him back to the weighing en closure to be substituted by somebody el3e, as empowered by the rules, whon ho seized the opportunity to dip the flag. Mr. Kean rocoived the assistance of Mr.' W. Gannon, the. veteran starter to tho A. J.C., in getting tho horses into line for the big race. This was a gracious act; on. the part of Mr. Gannon ; all tho moro so bccauso it was dono voluntarily M'Grath, on being reported to tho stewards, was fined -U10, and Saunders, tho rider of The Broker, mulcted iu a sum of £5, for disobedience at tha post in the Hawkesbury Handicap, During my recent peregrinations at Rand wick I recognised a familiar form in last year's sensational Caulfield Cup favorite, who is to bo seen daily plodding along on tha tan track. Whon Colstoun last ran tho gauutlet of the hammer at a nominal figure, he was supposed to be destined for tho stud,' and it was with surprise that I observed the veteran at his old game on tho bruised bark track with the evident intention of . again donning silk. I doubt whether bis gummy understandings will ovor stand a preparation, but if Martiu Galhighor ever brings him to tho post in racing form he will bo ablo to hold his own against a majority of the cracks who aro in daily attendance at Randwick." , ! '. A social gathering of some .significance in'the sporting world is anhoiincod to tako placb in Sydney next week, to assist at which several Victorians now in New South Wales, as weU a3 a numbor of prominent local sportsmen and their families, have rcooived invitations. The ovont alluded to is the celebration of the golden wedding of Mr. and Mrs. Thompson Solomon, parents of tho well known Thompson family of bookmakers, inoluding tho loviathan, his brothers John, Bernard and Harry. The festivities will tako tho form of a garden party and dinner at Sir Joseph Banks gardens, Botany, on Wedeusday noxt, tho day after the Metropolitan. Mr. John Eales must havo sadly regretted parting with two such genuino racehorses as Priuco Imperial and Ilonoydow, neither of whioh showed any promiso whon thoy woro his property. A change of trainers frequently brings about a wonderful chango of form, as instanced in the eases under notice. . The eommitteoofTattorsall'sCiub on Tuesday decided tqadda second day's racing to their Nn«i Year's programme, tho additional items con tained- therein being as follows: — New Year's Gift, it handicap sweep of 3 sovs. oaoli, vrith 25?- ' jots, added ; distance, 6 furlongs. Selling : Knee, of 100 soys. Carrington Stakes, of 1000 boys. ; 700 to the winner, 200 to the second, and 100 to the third ; entrance, 5 eors., and accept ance 5 soys. ; distance, 1 mile and 3 furlongs. Steeplechase, a handicap sweep of 10 sovs., with 250 sovs. added ; distance, about 3 miles. Two-Year-Old Selling Race, of 150 soys; colts, 8 st. 3 lb. j fillies nnd geldings, 8 St.; distance, 5 furlongs. Free Handicap, of 100 soys. ; dis tance, 1 miles. General entries cloeo on the 3rd December. One soy. nomination fee for each race excepting the Carrington Stakes. Present indications are suggcstiYO of a more than ordinarily tamo campaign at ltandwick. The proximity of the Hawkcsbury meeting has exercised a most prejudicial inlluence on the Metropolitan, as is instanced by tlio paralysed state of the betting market in consequence o£ the prior clnims supposed to be possessed by Despot and Prince Imperial. Then again, the existing depression in trade is being keenly felt, and perhaps to this circumstanco more than any other is attributable the unwhole some fact that the pririlegos of the meeting, including gates, booths, nnd stalls, realised £106 less than the total amount obtained last year-. Hales has recently accumulated considerable bodily weight, and it was Mr. J. White's kindly solicitation not to subject himself to the wasting process lest it should prore injurious to his dolioato constitution that precluded him from riding Despot at Hawkcsbury. Had Hales been up ho would probably hare avoided the fatal dilemma in which Ellis became placed at the most critical period of tho race. During tho early portion of tho week, New- stead was eased for a few days to be put through a necessary courso of physic. Tho Derby farorite, as I observed last week, presents a blooming appcarauce, and should he come to the post fit on tho opening day of the V.R.C. Spring Meeting, will certainly hare a strong army of supporters. There is no grander looking colt in work at Flemington or elsewhere, than the recently arrived New Zealandcr, Thunderbolt. Before his departure from Sydnoy it will be remem bered that telegraphic intelligence was rcccircd in Melbourne to the effect that ho' was suffer ing from a cracked heel, but if the statement had any foundation it must hare been slight indeed, as the handsome Maori is to all appear ance as well as could he wished, and as sound as a bell. Amongst the racing adYertisements iu The J.indcr to day will be found particulars respect ing the Sfurrumbidgeo Turf Club Sires' Produce Stages to be run in the season 1888-89. Sires must bo nominated to tho secretary, Mr. J. Hawkes, on or before the second Thursday in January, 1886, each nomination to be accom panied by a promissory note made by the owner or his attorney for £10, payable on tho 1st of August, 1888, to tho order of the treasurer of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club. Full particulars as to the nomination of produce, jtc„ will be found in the adrertisemcnt referred to. Mr. M. Fennelly having found it hopeless to persevere with Matchlock's damaged hoofs, the colt has been struck out of all his spring engagements at Randwick and Flemington. His withdrawal is a severe blow to many fol lowers of Mr. James White's stable, who had backed him freely for the Victoria Derby. A list of sires nominated last Monday for the V.R.C. Sires' Produce Stakes, 1889, and number ing in all 27, appears in another column. Entries for the Hunt Club Cup and Handicap Flat Race in connection with the forthcoming Melbourne Hunt Club meeting at Flemington closed on Monday, the Amateur Jumping Race with 31 nominations and the Fiat Race with 55. The Ballarat Hunt Club Cup, Hurdle Race, Steeplechase and Ballarat Handicap closed on Monday with 15, 14, 7 'and 21 entries respec tively, numbers which are by no means grati fying to the Ballaret Turf and Hunt Clubs, under whose joint auspices the meeting is to be held. General entries for tho Melbourne Hunt Club and Ballarat Turf and Hunt Club's meetings close on Monday, the 21st inst. Mr. Joseph Thompson has named his Lockleys —Hoyden colt, Master John. My Lady, winner of the two-year-old race at Hawkcsbury, was submitted to auction in Sydney on Monday. Mr. Clibborn announced that there was a reserve of 2000 guineas, and as no bid was forthcoming she was passed in. The settling over Hnwkesbury passed off satis factorily on Monday, and although tho book makers were hit hard all round their liabili ties were promptly liquidated. Tho figures were against them on both days' racing. The Derby colt I. O. U. fell on Tuesday morn ing through one of his bandages becoming loose, but fortunately escaped injury. Tho Flemington tracks buvo been in a terrible stnto during the week, tho work being in consequence seriously interfered with. .The new track was evidently opened far too soon, as horses working on it frequently go through on to the foundation. Blink Bonny has reappeared on the Cuulfleld training ground, hut her work has been of the slowest order. Cnmerino ran a stick into her foot on Satur day, but is not supposed to havo received any serious injury. The hurdle racer Qrattan and steeplechaser Granville left for Sydney early in the week. Mr. A. Yuille's filly by Grand Prix— Kernel, Uttb &UUU; iUWU. J. Cripps has decided not to put Lady Heslop, by Countryman or Richmond— Hiss Heslop, into work, antil tho autumn. Tho Victorian Amateur Turf Club invite tenders for catering for the ensuing season, commencing with tho Caulfield Cup Meeting. Mr. W. Robinson's two horses, Vanguard and Oudeis, arrived at Flemington on tho 11th inst., and joined their stable companions, Thunderbolt, Liverpool and Winchester. Messrs. W. O. Vuillo and Co. will slifcrtly issue catalogues of Mr. Do Mcstro's yearlings to be sold by auction on tho 30th October. The lists will include over 30 lots byPiscator, Grand Prix, Guinea, and Robinson Crusoo from such famous stud matrons as Beatrice, Dagmar, Sun shine, Giovanna,' Solitude, Luna, Ladv, Rag picker, nnd Cracker. Old Victoria turfites wore glad to give tho veteran Joe Cavtor a hearty welcome on tho oc casion of his arrival from Tasmania at tho end of last week. Carter brought over Mr. T. Reibey's Melbourne Cup liorso, Hawthorn, and two remarkably fine 3-vcar-olds — Kitawa, by Manuka — Aurora, and Wymcric, by Manuka — Tho Kitten. Hawthorn is a 4-year- old, by Kelpie — Thorn, and last season was iu Mr. S. G. Cook's stable at Flainington. Tho three Tas- manians aro quartered at the Racecourso Hotel. In Adelaide Sardins and Nowstend havo each boon further backed lately for tho Melbourne Cup at 100 to 4. Tulloy's string, located at the Ascot Valo Hotel, has been strengthened by tho arrival of Castleton, Bonuio Dundee, Lend On and Vidette. Kingsdale's break down in the Hnwkesbuty Handicap will prevent him from ever again ap pearing on a racecourse. Tho Australian Jockov Club nominations for 1885-86-87 have been published iu neat pamph let form by Mr. T. S. Clibborn. Tho funeral of Mr. F. Dicker Hamilton took placo last Sunday at Wavcrley, Now South Wnles, and was very largely attonded. Tho new patent starting apparatus, which is to bo given a trial at the onsuing Randwick meeting, was placed in order on Wednesday. It is a complicated affair, and not likely to bo a succoss. It is only to bo tested in ono race during tho meeting. Tho Now Zealand horso Trenton arrived in Sydney on Thursday by the steamer Hauroto. Melton has ndded the Doncaster St. Lcgor to his Middle Park Plate and Dorby victories, and having been a firm favorite ever sinco the Epsom meeting, his northern win must have been a most popular ono oxcept with tho book makers. who wonld suffer heavily by his suc cess. Lord Bradford's Isobar was second, and the Oaks winner, Lonely, third. Although par ticulars are not to hand, Melton is almost cer tain to have been ridden by the crack English horseman Archer, who, amongst his other marvellous records for tho season, has won the Two Thousand Guineas, Derby, Oaks, St. Legcr and Grand Prix de Paris. Tho English stallion Lowlander was recently found dead in his box, at the stud farm at Eas- ton. Lowlander, by Dalesman outof Lufra, was a good performer oti tho .turf; his, more recent performances being over hurdles. At 5 years old Lowlander was matched to give 12 lb. to Galopin— then a 3-year-old— over the Rowley, Milo for 1000 sovs., but failed in the task, the Derby winner beating him by a length. Low lander was 15 years old at the tune of his death.' F. Archer won. 9 races at Goodwood out of 20 mounts, but at, Sandown Park rode 4 times without scoring a win. Wood won 5 races at tho Sussex meeting and Caunon had 4 wins at Goodwood and 1, at Sandown. Dp to tho 1st of August F. Archer's record was 369 mounts, 148 winB ; C. Wood, 296 mounts, 83 wins, against Archer, 356 mounts, 162 wins, and Wood 303 mounts, 78 wins, up to the same period last year. 