p^SgflOVEUST PERSON singular. ,, =.TTIS Morbat, . I BTH' ?FIR' NPRRNRSTIE JHUMTTAII . [ M DAVID C ^ (1 " CdAIiB 0F ' « " JOSFIF" ® II « ]{RATVTSI" " STROP, f STRANGE, FIRE. ^ONOFAIHW, ^C.. ? ruAPrfiB XVIIL t was night in London, and a summer *»,« " failing. Mr. George Frost sat in a dingy hrtmcnt illuminated by a single candle, The light of which lie was scribbling on Luing phrases on a, dirty aheet of letter per. JJe wrote "Sacred to the Memory of JJrge Frost" some hali-a-dozen times in as inv different handwritings, drew a death's Kj and cross-bones a ad a coffin, and then Tote "Sacred to the Memory of George Est" again. Oil a sudden he threw down fcpea, tore the dirty aheet of writing-paper fo fragments,'strewed thetn on the dosty fcla which lay ready for lighting in the lie, and rising began to pace the ragged tfpet with halt audible growJinga ^'Ao, grog, no tobacco, no grub, no fands forty-seven pounds dropped iast nig' ' 1,1 rer toacb a card again. I wond jen I're sworn tofhat Bat a mat ist change sometimes. It can't go on for "Jiketbis. To hold king, knave, nin? 'erM'orfto that Bat a, man s luck !1! .Sometimes. Itcan'i fetl°kB<t thestreet-door broke the thread knock at tne su wen(. oa pacing R'lSnSt hear ft step which came blunder and halted outeide Ins r' ."» i1P rried in startled answer to panel, and a slatternly Slfiirl pushed her head round the edge here's somebody for you, Mr. Frost iceman with a portmanteau " said girl "He didn't give no name. Said I > to say he wanted to see Mr. Frost. n 'I'll come down and have a look at hina, ?oraed Mr. Frost, taking up bis candle. Egiil descended the stairs andtheiodger lowed her. Four separate flights ofdirty odea stairs, uncarpeted, brought him to 8 ball which, like the stairway, waa un hted, except for the feeble gleams of Mr. ost'e candle. The girl clattered down other flight of stairs which led into the ions underground, and Frost, holding ilia idle high, advanced towards the shadowy are of his gaeBt "Great Ciesar'a ghost! b yon," he said, with an odd langn. ]ome upstairs." . The guest, seizing the portmanteau, mated after him, and the dingy apartment [the top of the house being reached the Jiant of the chamber set down his light, Ed, after rummaging in a drawer found pother candle, and illuminating it by the t set it in a battered brass bracket which »; upon the wall. Is this the palace yon continually live asked the guest, with the faintest KsiUe trace of some foreign accent in his ice. "I bad expected from yoar last letter have foanA you in marble halls, with Bsalsand serfs at your side." "Well, I'm here," returned Mr. Froet; _uid that," producing a halfpenny from hiB Bcket and throwing it on the table, " ia the "stofthe Mohicans." "That is unfortunate," said the guest [tis lucky that it is not winter, and that n have not your brother Jack with you." "My brother Jack?" 6aid the other, Sketing his coin again. Your brother Jack," the guest repeated, .n'tthat the name you give him? The i gentleman, who pinches your nose, your a, your finger-tips in the winter time." It. Frost gave no answer to thiB harmless gantry beyond a growl We shall have all the houses closed in fan-hour,"he said. "They close at 12 Sundays. Lend me a dollar or two, and t.t?e"se'|d out for something to eat and m w gu.e8t Pr°duced a sovereign and _ki it on the table. "Wait a bit," Baid Mr. .ost, taking up the coin. "I'm ravenous, ?re eaten nothing to-dav." KtbVM*an* ran noisily down by-and-by he was heard shout fnrlc m;u.' rcame back tubbing his B» a fi,r°f satisfaction. ?^And where have you sprung from?" he Eimedth^vS"6* the.Be,g'nm Ardennes," iseandliph^er!. awins a ciSar fro® a 1 haveu t had a smoke to-day " he said tbacco."61 R° witllont a dinner tlian without ?.se^Baid^hi^nVC bee-tt at il 1 8nP" T»nt ^ .*"s.companion, makine a move Irds. deaIi°" °f a pack of iven'tmil * m,e J'0B dropped that? >uld you iiavp this time? What !»" Redone if £ had not turned answered carelessly irasIsWiHi. ^r,lly at the cigar. "I .her somehow °Jl-80iTethillg or ^MTiBtSutfonwm fliithe v°14 tratl1 M ®l>y that name." w' tut do not call kFrost^ifferentl°ir°d «^vu°M°olle-r to me*" L \wl>lewakoff will i .1' Smith do ?" ^Zent>- Frost n,,t t returned % a grimace. "au}» his chin « . , ! said Mr. Zeno uglishman, but ker at ^ f<* ** "ne to know it v n ^ easy when you 11 the third eyllabk v Wu^°ff'i fiooent; H going :: ®D'e*. Vroblewakoff. Try it be a very old V^ljefamiliarwithm'8' ana ^ wiu ^ 'in,° d Wrta i^nam.<r Tryit-" practice it witW fdof^ said Frost hata it ? Kussiau f" lanSua8e master. ^rPMjv^okIhi^htadnyb°dLrbOVe faei® 6 ®id** ["Thei i8^°wr hlB bead Nme'rciarS:®100® is below. He is a erc.8-ay ffha' you've coJ,°ut °f town- Yon "Wei)« . Sot to eay quite safely ad'fn a®illtigfy at'hio6"0' Beati&2 himself is jsw >aaf°* ohTS- r°Kwerent ^Ue°F6 ^ Knt got the meet qie there. You meet me here. You know trie to be a eafe man-a man to be de pended ' upon. You introduce me to Do broski--Wiell, at what are you Btaring?" "I.frill see you'boiledin oil," Returned Mr. Fro&t;, With extreme slowness, " I will see you' rOosted on a gridiron, I will see you cut up so dxtrerhely Sue that a microscope won't findycu, and then I won't'!. . "Arid then you won't-what?" . ?" And then I won't introduce you to Do broski." . , . " But, my biting Frost, why not7" " What aort of an ass do you take me for I" inquired frost .'' And out of what pactiq'lar asylum have you recently escaped?' Hold your tongue.a minute. Here's the girl/' Noisy footsteps came blundering up the stairs, rind in a moment the slatternly maid entered, and placed, upon the table two bottles, a loaf, a quantity of ham wrapped in a piece of newspaper a packet of tobacco, arid a handful of loose change. "Take anything'?" asked Frost, waving his hand at the table. Mr. Zeno declined, with a smile arid hands outstretched. "JL will," said the other. "Plate, mustard, knife and fork, two tumblers, "hot water, and sugar, and the corkscrew." The girl blundered downstairs, and blun dered up again with the things the lodger had demanded, and the two, pending the com pletion of these arrangements, kept silence. When she had gone, Frost locked the door j behind her. 1 "Now," said Zeno, " why won't you intro duce me to Dobroslri ?" Frost rose, uncorked a bottle, poured out a glass of pale ale, and ate and drank i'or several minutes in solemn silence; and his visitor, placidly smoking aud smiling, from time to time glanced at him. ' By and bye Zerio got up from ilia seat, and, kneeling on the door, unstrapped his portmanteau, and took there irom a razor-ease, a small metal soap-bowl, and a brand new shaving-brush. Frost watched him in Bilence. still, and went on eating. "This will move, I think," said Mr. Zeno, rising and taking the little bracket from the walL " Can we make it stand here? Yes; BO. We can make it stand here." He balanced it, with the aid of a match-box and one or two other trifles, on the chimney-piece on one side of a cracked and dusty mirror. " And now, my good Frost, can you epare me that other candle for the other side ? Thank you. Will you forgive me if I make a little toilette whilstyou eat? Thank you. Here is hot water all ready. That is very good. A little bit of old newspaper. That is also very good." - He took off his coat, and threw it across theba&of; a chair, then, stooping anew to his portmanteau, produced a pair of scissors, and taking a great handful of his beard sliced it off before the glass, and laid it carefully on the piece of newspaper, which he had already spread out upon the mantelpiece, then another, and another, and another, until he was close cropped all over cheeks and throat and chin. Next he attacked the moustache, and cropped that also as close as the scissors wouldf^o to the skin. Frost went on steadily eating an&'drinking without looking at his companion ; and Zeno, pouring a little hot; water into the metal bowl, began to lather himself with great energy, and then to shave. Even to himself the metamorphosis he pro duced must have seemed more than a little droll. Under the razor he came out no longer Greek and austere in contour, but chubby, with fat round cheeks, and a chin very curiously thurst forward and pointed, and beneath the lower lip and base of the chin there was a good half- inch in length less than one would have expected to find. The change was already amazing ; and when Mr. Zeno drew a spectacle-case from a waistcoat pocket, set the glasses on his nose, and, removing a wig, appeared with half an inch of sandy natural hair below it and a forehead an inch higher than it had been, the disguise looked impenetrable. He took a handkerchief from his coat-pocket, rubbed a corner of it on the soap in nis shaving-bowl, pouted a little hot water over it from the jug, and applied it vigorously to his lips. The corner of the handkerchief went crimson, and Mr. Zeno's cherry lips grew pallid and dry. He soaped and moistened another corner of the handkerchief, and scrubbed at his eyebrows. The handkerchief became black, and the eyebrows sandy, like the hair. 1 Then he resumed his coat, set the two1 candles upon the table, drew a chair between them, and sat down. Frost ostentatiously disregarding him went on with his meal. "Now," said Zeno, pushing the candles a little forward, so that their light might fall more fully on his face, " Now will you intro duce me to Dobroski ?" I Frost looked up to him with a face expres sive of profound disdain. This changed with ludicrous swiftness, and he started so that he narrowly escaped aiall. "Cajsar's ghost!" he Baid, glaring at the Other with his mouth open. He glanced right and left involuntarily, as if searching for the man he had lost, and then stared back at his companion. " Caesar's ghost!" he said, a second time. " Do you think you may Bafely introduce me to Dobroski now ?" demanded Zeno with a smile of boaBtful self-complacence. "Who in thunder air you!" Frost de manded. " How's it done ? There ain't a feature." He stared hard at Zeno, losing for once his own shrinking gaze. " Would you like to see it go a little fur ther?" asked Zeno, laughing. He slipped his hand to his mouth, Frost heard a slight clicking sound, and there was his companion grinning at him with a horrible gap-toothed laugh, which startled him so by the new change it brought about in the already transformed countenance that he rose from his seat and recoiled a pace or two, Zeno laughed triumphantly aud noisily. "And now." he said, when his laugh was over, "will you Introduce me to Dobroski?" His voice had undergone a great change, and hissed and whistled through the gaps in his teeth like that pf an old man. Frost stared at him still, as if he were fascinated. "This gets me down," he Bnid. "This Seta me down, down, and kicks me while I'm own. Wait a bit. he said, somewhat re covering from surprise, " I'll show you some thing." He pulled open a small drawer, and taking from it a photograph of considerable size, threw it ou the table. Zeno took it, and after the merest glance Btared up at Frost with an expression of amazement almost as Complete as Frost himself had worn a few moments earlier. The photograph was an enlarged cbpy of that pistolgraph which Angela, had found amongst the stereoscopic views in the little exhibition at NBrotr^Ud^aucpnie by this?" he asked, recovering himseTT®"^---- , t"Dobroski gave.it me. I waagSitirto Bhbw it you to warn you off. There isnt a paan in the Brotherhood here that hasn't eeenlt 'arid stalled it. There, isn't one of «ny note^amom&t; them that baan't got a "DobwW gave ft you ?' said Z6no, inatiew amazfemient. " My good Frost, you and t atfc alwkut tu&tnat; the devil I nave been as cunning as a serpent I have bad down there at Janenne a bungling spy who did not know me, who waa set to watch Dobroski oftd" a bungler that be was certain to find' /uirfl out, and did find him out, and I had/hW there to draw attention from myself. I thlkod with Dobroski sometimes, a bit of broken English, bit of broken French. I fooledhm completely to my own idiotic Belf- satista&r; tion, and he knew me all the time. Oh, I telf you he is a master. Never a sigu. A 'sign' Not the least, least, little, little sign for weeks, and he knew me all the time. A master." He had risen whilst speaking thus, and had taken to pacing up and down the room Suddenly, he stopped short before Frost, and touching him lightly on the breast with a forefinger, he said, "Isee it all now. He mocked me and laughed at me. There was an Englishman there-a tool-a writer of romances. There were other Englishmen there, jand the fool used to tell them that he had a theory about me. I spoke no English and understood no English, and the fool was very free in the expression of his views. He used to say that I was there to watch Dobroski. He used to say that my eyes were too near together for his taste, and that I had a listening, watch ing, hangdog way with me. He said that he had told Dobroski himself his suspicions, and that the old man had laughed at him! And I was such an ass, I never guessed that Dobroski had put bim up to that, and that they were laughing at me together." " You never guessed ?" said Froat. " I guessed, answered Zeno, " but I laughed at my own guesses. Sacri nom (Tun chien! Guessed? I used to meet the old man and talk to him. I used to watch him like a lynx, and he never, I swear it to you, never once gave a sign. And he knew me and he mocked me all the time. Well. He is a master. I shall respect him for this, but I shall pay him for it. Sooner or later I shalljpay him for it. But what a calm! Whut a nangfroid ! What a disdain of danger ! What a mask of a face ! Oh, but he s the master of as all" He was enthusiastic over all this, and gesticulated and exclaimed about it with great energy, though with a carefully moderated voice, "I snail win," he said with a sudden and total change of manner. " I mean to win!" "You mean to face him again?" asked Frost, "Face him?" said Zeno, with something very like a snarl. "Face bim? Yes," with sudden quiet. " I mean to face turn, and I mean to win." " It's a dangerous game," Frost declared. "He hasn't been here a fortnight, and the Brotherhood swear by him. He's got a plah j for smashing everything. He's going to burst the solar system and set op an abode of' universal bliss among the ruins, and they're all agog about it Swear they never saw anything half so sweet and dainty." "Well," said Mr. Zeno, "i can be as enthusiastic as any of them, and as real as one or two. He trusts y»u ?" "Yes. He trusts me. But I don't like it If he should spot you, and I introduce you, perhaps the Brotherhood mighf make it just as warm for me as they would tor you. I'm very fond of you, as yoti know, sir, bat on the whole I prefer myself. I'll tell you what I'll do. If you'll find somebody absolutely safe who'll swear to your good faith, I'll swear to his. I can get him in, and then [ he can get yon in. Then if you're discovered I shall be very sorry for you, bat I shall haver minimised my own risk anyhow," " Caution is a good thing in its way, bat courage is a better. I am not Afraid. What are the chances of his knowing me, do yon think? A million to one? Am I chknged enough ?' " You've got my terms already," returned Frost " I'll introdu<fe a safe nian, who can bring you in afterwards-any safe man of your own choosing, who likes to take re sponsibility for you." The spy made no immediate response, but moved aboat the mantelshelf gathering together the razor, the shaving brush, the bowl, and the wig, all of which be cdrefully packed away in nis portmanteau. Next he folded up into a careful parcel fill the 'signs of the recent changes he had made, and set it on the top of the anlighted co&L; " It strikes chilly to-night,"he said then. "It is cold enough for a tire.- Shall 1 set light to this, and burn up all this hair?'1' "If you like," returned Frost, and Zeno, striking a match, lit the paper st the bottom of the grate, and in a minute or two the wood was crackling merrily, and the newspaper parcel at the top of the coals caught the blaze, which the smoke drove back into the room, filling it with the keen acrid odour of burning hair. " Pah!" said Frost, " it smells like a branding day at a cattle ranche,"and puffing vigorously against the smoke and the evil odour, he turned to one of the windows and threw it wide open. At that instant there came a loud knocking at the front door, and Frost putting his head out of the window, peered downwards. "Who's there?" he cried, "The house is all abed." "ItisI,Mr. Frost," said a quiet voice below. "Can I epeak to you for a mo ment?" Air. Frost drew in his head so suddenly and so incautiously that he struck it resoundingly upon the wood-work of the window, and then the spy and the traitor faced each other. The same word was on the lips of each, and dropped in a mere whisper. "Dobroski!" " Bring him here," said the spy. " We can tell between us if he knows me. A little courage: Take the bull by the horns. We can save all if there is anything to save-do all if there is anything to be done. Go." With all this breathed in one rapid whisper in Front's ear, he pushed hira- from the room. Whilst he blunderingly descended Zeno ad vanced stealthily like a cat, and restored the window and the blind to theirfeld position. . " Do I wear anything he could know?" he asked himself. He released with rapid fingers a single button of his waistcoat, slid the bar of his watch-chain through the button-hole, and transferred watch and chain to his coat pocket Then he stripped his fingers of the rings he wore atid put them in his purse, and as he did so he beard the jar with which the front door opened. His breath came hard and fast, and his fatchceks were blanched, but he took up the stump of the cigar he had laid down when he had begun tosliave, and having lit it at one of the candles. Beated himself in a battered arm chair near the fire. "Are you alone, air!" asked Dobroski, when Frost had opened the door. "Can 1 speak with you !" . "Iain not alone, Mr. Dobroski," answered Frost. "I have,* friend with me. Will you come in ? Ha would like to meet you, sir. He is a conntryman ofyoure." " 1)" L\JL* was driving , doira rapidly, , and as Frost closed the door he.said in' tranquil and : ordinary tones, "Mr. Zend is here. lie arrived in London fate evening." 