The Fifth Session of tbe Parliament of Tasmania is to meet for the despatch of business on this day three weeks — 21st July — at 3 p.m. Last year the session commenced on the 1st July, and notwithstanding the delay caused by the resignation of the Giblin Ministry in the middle of the ses sion, its re-construction under a new Premier, and the time occupied in the re-election of Ministers, tbe session closed on the 24th November. During that period, fifty six bills were introduced and passed both Houses ; four were re jected by the Legislative Council ; five were withdrawn, and the Immigration Act Amendment Bill was returned by the Assembly, with the amendment intro duced by the Council, disagreed to. Amongst the measures introduced, were a considerable number coming under the head of 'burning questions.' Those considered of premier importance were the Constitution Act Amendment, Elec toral Act Amendment, Licensing Act Amendment, Customs Act Amendment, including remission of import duties on sheep and cattle, and the Sale of Meat Act ; the Crown Lauds Immigration Act Repeal, Agent-General, and the Volun teer Amendment Act Bills. Others, such as the Rural Voting Bill, Codlin Moth Bill, Ta?mauian Main Line Railway Company Customs Duties Compensation Bills, Supplementary Estimates, and the Appropriation Bill, with other matters involved lengthy discussion. Tha Re distribution of Seats Bill, Crown Lauds Bill, Agent-General Bill, Colonial Pe | fences, and the proposed Reciprocity Treaty with Victoria will occupy atten tion early in the coming session. The measures are each and all of great import ance and demand prompt but careful con sideration. Last ecRsion Mr Dodds, who was then Treasurer, made his Financial Statement on the ICth July, but little more than a fortnight after the meeting of Parliament. This facilitated matters very much, for the bulk of legislation must depend in a great measure on a knowledge of the es timated revenue and expenditure, and the extent of balance or deficiency from the previous financial year. We hope Mr Burgess will be in a position to produce his budget early in August, as the public will not be aware until then of the extent of funds lavished — the greater portion wasted— upon so-called defences in the South during the absurd war scare' with which the population of that end of the colony was sorely afflicted for some months, but which has been allayed — as it arose — without cause, the danger of war being quite as imminent now as it was at any period during the present year. The question of Redistribution of Seats will occupy some time in order to reconcile conflicting views as to the principle aud system to be adopted. The provisions of the Crown Lands Bill, which is to be re-introduced by the Minister of Lands with a few amendments, has been so fully discussed in the House of Assembly in the sessions of 1883 and 1884, that unless some absurd propositions should be made by members of the Opposition, as was the c4se last year, it should be passed to the Legislative Council, to be dealt with there, early in the session. The proposed Reciprocity Treaty will demand careful attention, and as the country has spoken out in favor of it, members should confine their action to endeavoring to ascertain the probable practical effect of its opera tion, and to obtain from Victoria real equitable tariff reciprocity. The bill for the appointment of an Agent- General, though rejected in the Legislative Council last session, is likely to be passed there now. The value of having the colony properly represented in England, and its interests protected and furthered, is now better known and acknowledged than when the bill was before the Council last session. The humility of a colony which is content to be represented in all that concerns its British interests before the Imperial Government, is damaging. This is not an age when the mauvais honte desire to remain unknown as a small island, portion of the British Empire, is likely to be appreciated and mistaken for commend able modesty. The island of Tasmania has been blessed with mineral and other resources, which should render it famous throughout the world, but the practice of having this colony represented by the Agent-General of Victoria must lead to the supposition that the great tinpro ducing Mount Bischoff is situated in Victoria. We have proof each mail that the geographical divisions of the Australian colonies are as little understood in the Mother Country as their physical character istics and distinctive productsand resources. The present system of non-representation of this colony in England tends to con firm erroneous opinions, when it is to the interest of every Tasmanian colonist that the true position of the wealth, resources, and prospects of the island of their adop. tion should be made# as widely known throughout the United Kingdom as pos sible. It was not the annual cost of the Agent-Generalship which caused the Legislative Council to reject the bill last session, but because members ' wanted £o know you know.' They wished to ascer tain prior to passing the bill the name of the hon. member who was to be appointed under it. This information was refused, aud, therefore, the bill was rejected. Had Mr Giblin or Mr Douglas agreed to accept the appointment, hon. members would have accepted the bill, but they seemed to have a strong prejudice against any other member of the Ministry being appointed, and they also wished to be informed who was to have the permanent position of secre tary to the Agent-General, and the ap pointment of the requisite clerks. These questions with reference to the patronage connected with the position determined honorable members to throw the bill out, and the interests of Tasmania were then handed over to the safe keeping of Mr Robert Murray Smith, C.M.G., Agent General for Victoria. The duties of an Agent-Gsneral, who performs them zealously, are too multifarious to be entered upon at the fag end of an article, but we shall refer to these again, and the whole question will be fully discussed when Parliament meets. The ' difficulty' with the Main Line Railway Company the advisability or otherwise of purchasing the line ; and that other ' difficulty' with reference to the selection of site for a new Lunatic Asylum, or the retention and improvement of the existing institu tion at New Norfolk will also supply materials for prolonged discussion, while the statement of the Hon. the Minister of Lands as to the ' intentions' of the Go vernment with regard to railway and road extension will open up new grounds of complaint, as it is not probable the ' statement' will satisfy tha ' great ex pectations' at prcseu*. eutertained throughout the colony in regard to the ' railway construction power of the Go- ! vernment. On the whole the life of the honorable members of the Ministry is not likely to be a happy one during the next four months. Held Ovee. — On our fourth page this morning will be found continuation of our ' Football' article, ' The Hounds at the Oaks,' 'The Climie Route Phantasy,' and ' Hurting One's Feelings,' held over from yesterday on account of pres sure of advertisements. PfiOsrECi. — On Sunday evening a new chapel, which had been built on Mr Hutton's ground, Prospect Village, for the purpose of holding undenominational services, was opened, Mr W. Iliddlestone delivering an earnest address from John, 3c., lGv. The place, which will hoid about 50 or 60 people, was well filled by an appreciative congregation, and the occasion was made the most of by the preacher. For some time past services have been held in a cottage, but owing to increasing numbers a larger building was found necessary. As there is a chapel belonging to the Independents which is not being used, application was made for its use, but this being denied, the people interested determined to build one of 'their own, and the result is they have a very comfortable little place, well seated, and capable of extension when necessary. It will be supplied principally from the Christian Mission, Wellington-street. Coronation Day. — yesterday was observed as Coronation Day in most towns throughout the Empire, the true anniversary falling this year on Sunday last. At Hobart the practice of firing a Royal salute was kept up, though no notice was taken of the event here. Her Majesty ascended the throne on June 20j 1837, and was crowned in Westminster Abbey en June 28. PEOsrEcr Bank of Hope. — The usual monthly meeting of the above band was held on Friday evening last. Mr James Goodger, as usual, presided. The place was well filled, visitors from Launceston and Hadspen being present. During the evening a long and varied programme was gone through, including recitations by Miss Alice Spence, Messrs. Albert Webster and CharleB Mace : three dia logues, in which the following took part : — Misses M. and R. Spence, Messrs. D. Spence, J. Goodger, jun., J. Reid, J. Garrett, R. Jacobson, and Ernest West ; two duets by Miss Ridley and Mr J. Fritzell ; song by Miss Thelwell ; and a reading by Mr John M'Hugh. Miss Olive Goodger presided at the organ. Church of Emjland Temperance Society. — At the festival of the Church of England Temperance Society, on April lest, held in Westminster Abbey, the Chaplin- General to the Forces (Dr. Edge liill) preached a sermon on the command to St. Peter to launch out into the deep and let out his net for a draught, which he said the society should do in order to obtain restrictive legislation, rational amusements, brighter, cheerier lives for the poor, and total abstinence for those engaged in mission and rescue work. From the report read at the meeting at Lambeth Palace Library on Taesday afternoon, presided over by the Bishop of Dover, it appears that the society's in come for the year was £5097, and it gives progress of its work among women, child ren, soldiers, sailors, cabmen, omuibtis men, but the council confesses to & dis appointment as to the agricultural work. The progress of the society in the colonies has been very great. Every new colonial bishop is found a staunch member and worker. The total number of members in England is reported to be 657,584. Deloraine Blue Ribbon Meeting. — A correspondent at Deloraine writes : — The United Blue Ribbon meeting was held in the Town Hall on Friday, the Rev. J. Evans in the chair. On the plat form were the Revs. ,W. Dawson and W. Wykes, and Mr J. Best. The choir sang several of Hoyle's hymns. The chairman read from Tennyson ' The Cobbler and his Quartern of Gin,' Mr H. ' H. David son reciting 'The cry of the Oppressed.' Mr Dawson gave, in a neat speech, his reasons for being an abstainer. The col lection was £1 8s lOd. Six donned the blue. There was a very fair attendance. Anti-Compulsory Vaccination So ciety. — Last evening a committee meet ing of the above was held at the Me chanics' Institute, the vice-president, Mr C. J. Law being in the chair. It was re solved that as summonses were now being issued to those persons who refused to have their children vaccinated, a public meeting be called for Wednesday evening to call up subscriptions for the purpose of seeing what constitutional means could be taken in the matter. The Cornet Fiend. — In all civilised communities there is to be met with the ambitious youth who, in an evil moment, becomes the possessor of s fiddle, cornet, or flute, and at most inopportune times he is wont to solace the cares of his miserable existence by pouring out his love stories on one of these instruments of torture. In Launceston we learn there is the cornet fiend, who lives not many miles away from the Catholic Deanery, and on Sun day evening last, when all was hushed save the voices of the choristers, and during the sermon, he and his favorite cornet had a row, and very soon they came to words, used bad language, and then fought and wrestled with one another till they knocked one another down. etc. All this went on during the service, but when it was over the fiend was looked for, but as usua', could not be found. It is really to be hoped the police will use their labors unsparingly on such unruly mem bers of society whenever they catch them, and do their best to put down what is considered a curse of the worst type. The Late Mr W. R. Davey. — The funeral of this deceased gentleman took place yesterday afternoon, and was largely attended, espec:ally by his Masonic brethren, who mustered strongly at the last resting place of their old friend. He was buried in the Church of England Cemetery, the Rev. A. Barkway being the officiating minister in the absence of Canon Brownrigg. At the close of the ceremony his brother Masons gave their last token of friendship, and of the craft, by casting upon the coffin the sprigs of myrtle which it is their custom to wear to the grave of a deceased brother of the craft. Mr Davey was not only a very advanced and old officer of the order, but also one of the most consistent and faith ful members of it. In all tbe relations of life he was one whose memory will long be fresh in the esteem of his fellowtowns men. A correspondent has forwarded us aninstanceof thesterlingprobityoftheman which we relate as being of a piece with : his general life, and should be recorded here. A young lady some years back, who is now also deceased, made a purchase of jewellery of Mr Davey, at his old shop in Brisbane-street, and the price just, amounting to £1 she left as she thought a ' £1 note, and went away. She was much 1 disconcerted at being called after down the street by a man in bis shirt sleeves, and soon saw that it was Mr Davey, who, oblivious of the fact that he was not in walking costume, ran after and apprised her that it was a £5 note she had put down, at the same time returning her the other four notes, and smilingly cautioned her to be more careful in future. Stacey's Hibeenica. — There was not a very large attendance at the Mechanics' Institute last evening to witness the open ing performance of Stacey's well-known Hibernica. Tbe Hibernica, which haB before made its appearance in the North, represents some well-painted pictures of the world-wide romantic scenery of Ire land, and as each view passes before the audience a brief interesting history of it is given by Mr Stacey. Songs and jigs peculiar to the Irish race are given at intervals by Misses Lavinia, Nelly Green less and Mr O'Connor, and they were heartily received. At the conclusion a number of useful and fancy gifts were dis tributed amongst the audience, and the system of distribution being a very fair and satisfactory one. The Hibernica will be again exhibited this evening, when a fresh number o£ gifts will be'presented. Local Attractions. — Natives and resi dents of Launccston will be glad to learn that at last one of their chief boasts is to be brought within easy reach of all visitors or townspeople. The carriage road from York-street to the First Basin has been laid out, and a foot track along the side of the gorge has been marked out, work, it is stated, being to commence imme diately. The average number of visitors who reach the basin is but a small per centage, some of them being content with pulling up the South Eak till stopped by the rocks, the difficulty of access io the basin by laud deterring the majority from talcing the trouble to surmount the hill, but shortly, aud it is to be hoped before the summer, if it so please the road makers, to whose convenience we must, of' course, defer, there will be two passable for foot passengers and one for carriages, which oughttogiveLaunceston a little more power to detain many birds of passage, who would otherwise seek the more civilised scenery of the South. The Temple.— As it is expected that numbers from tho country will, if the opportunity olfcrs, attend the opening of the Temple, Wellington-street, on Friday next, the manager of the L. and W. Railway hns arranged for a special train for Deloraine, to leave Launceston at 10 p.m., calliug at all intermediate stations. Band of Hope Tea-Meeting. — The I St. John's Band of Hope will hold their anniversary tea-meeting to-night, at 6*30, for members only, the public not being invited till 8 o'clock, when the evening will be spent with music and singing. Scuttling a Bakque. — Captain Peter Edwards (says an exchange) was arrested at Keppel Bay on Saturday, 20th inat., and was charged at the Brisbane Police Court, on the 23rd, with scuttling the barque Deodarus, the property of Mr David Love, of Sydney. The evidence of Wolfe, the mate, showed that on the 15th June, at about half-past 6 o'clock in the morning, when he was down in the lower forehold getting wood to repair the oars with, he heard a noise as of water running into the ship. He struck a match, and saw the prisoner on the port forward air port, which was open. The water was running in. He asked, ' What are you doing there?' and the prisoner replied, 'There is a leak, and I am trying to stop it.' Witness said, 'That is a curious way of stopping a leak. Let me see it.' The prisoner replied, 'I'll give you £50.' Witness saidj ' 1 don't want £50,' adding, 'Stop that leak.'' The prisoner stopped the leak with a piece torn off his coat. Witness was ordered to pump the ship. At about 8 o'clock the same morning witness was relieved by the boatswain. When the ship was again examined it was discovered that there were nine h oles bored, five in the star board and four in the port side. He could not say if they had been recently bored. Subsequently a seaman, named James, charged the captain, saying, 'The ship has been bored, and there is every reason to suspect you.' The prisoner replied, ' I am innocent. If you get me punished you will punish an innocent man. I did not do it, but I know who did.'' Other evidence showed that the I crew put the ship in command of the mite, the captain being placed in irons. ] Captain Svkes. the harbor master at Rockhampton, in cross-examination, said he thought such a mode of scuttling idiotic, as it was liable to be easily dis covered. Seamen James and Bremmer corroborated the mate in his main state ments. The prisoner was then remanded until Thursday, the 25tfr, bail being refused. The Derwent Woollen Mills. — It is satisfactory to know that this spirited enterprise is proving highly successful. While so many among us are talking of progress, ''ana- organising deputations to the Government for every conceivable object, the Mercury says, the Messrs. Johnston have been at work, and with the most satisfactory results. Having faith in the business they had in hand, they freely expended some thousands of pounds in procuring machinery of the best description, and brought it with a band of skilled workmen to Hobart less than two years ago. In the face of numerous difficulties, and much shaking of the head and croaking on the part of the knowing ones, they went bravely for ward. Soon the music of the loom was heard, and all manner of woollen fabrics, tweeds, flannels, serges, blanketings, etc., etc., began to crowd the store-room. Orders came in but slowly at first. Business men were not in haste to encourage the new industry, yet the Brothers Johnston had confidence in the future. A few orders came in at length, and one invariably brought a second and a larger one. It is satisfactory to know that the shelves, lately so heavily laden with many hundreds of pounds worth of manufactured goods, are new empty. Heavy orders from the Government and leading firms, both north and south, are at present in course of .execution. These will keep the looms going overtime for several months to come. The absence of skilled weavers in sufficient numbers is the only drawback in running the mills night and day. The Messrs. Johnston are anticipating the necessity of having to secure a more extensive plant ere long, to enable them- to keep pace with the rapid development of their business. The experience of the promoters of these should encourage enterprise in other directions, and gone about with the same businesslike skill and tact, they would doubtless meet with the like success. Wine used in Religious Services. — A contributor to the Methodist Times con cludes a sketch of what he saw and heard at a recent celebration of the Jewish Passover, as follows: — 'Supper being ended, I said, amongst other things, to an intelligent and affable rabbi, who sat next me, ' May I ask with what kind of wine you have celebrated the Passover this i evening V * With a non - intoxicating j wine,' he promptly replied. ' Jews never i use fermented wine in their synagogue j services, and must not use it on the Pass- i over either for synagogue or home pur- 1 poses. Fermented liquor of any kind ; comes under the category of ' leaven,' ! which is proscribed in so many well- i known places in the Old Testament. The 1 wine which is used by Jews during the week of Passover is supplied to the com- ; munity by those licensed by the chief rabbi's board, and by those only. Each bottle is sealed in the presence of a re presentative of the ecclesiastical authori ties. The bottle standing yonder on the sideboard from which the wine used to night-was taken, .was thus sealed. I may also mention that poor Jews who cannot afford to buy this wine make an unfer mented wine of their own, which is nothing else but an infusion of Valencia or Muscatel raisins. I have recently read the passage in Matthew in which the Paschal Supper is described. There can be no doubt whatever that the wine 'used upon that occasion was unfermented. Jesus as an observant Jew would not only not have drunk fermented wine on the Passover, but would not have celebrated the Passover in auy house from which everything fermented had not been re moved. I may mention that the wine I use in the service at the synagogue is an infusion of raisins. You will allow me, perhaps, to express my surprise that Christians who profess to be followers of Jesus of Nazareth can take what He could not possibly have taken as a Jew — intoxi- cating wine — at so sacred a service as the sacrament of the Lord's Supper.' ' Wealth Beneath the Sea. — The list of treasures lost in the sea would indeed be a long and melancholy one, instancing, for example, the Madagascar, from Aus tralia, which in the early days of the gold fever there, having on board the precious yellow dust in enormous quantity, was never heard of, and left not even the faintest clue to speculations as to hesitate ; and in later years the Thunder, a steamer from Calcutta to China, with some 300,000 del worth of 6ilver, destined never to roach the expectant consignees, was sup posed to be laying abandoned among the awful sand banks at the mouth of the Hoogly River, but in spite of rumors never to be seen there. These are instances out of many of treasures never heard of. The wreck of the Royal Charter steamer, from Australia, lost in a frightful gale on the Anglesea coastin October, 1859, witli]some £800,000 of gold on board, — will doubtless occur to the reader's mind, coupled, as it was with such a lamentable loss of life. In this case happily, a great deal of the treasure was recovered subsequeutly ; but there is still a fortune left at Moelfra for the for tunate being who can find it. In old days Virgo Bay had always an attractive sound to the treasure-seekers, from the reported wealth on board the Spanish fleet destroyed there in 1762 by Sir G. Rooke ; but the infinite pains, money, and patience expended on its recovery have been thrown awav. the Bilver — even if it is there, which is somewhat doubtful — obstinately refusing to make a reapper r- aace in the world. — Exchange. A vain man's motto is — ''Win gold and wear it a generous man's—' Win gold and spare it a profligate's — ' Win gold and spend it a brokpr's — ' Win gold aud lend it a fool's — ' Win gold and end it a gambler's — ' Win gold and lose it a wise man's — 'Win gold and use it.' Hobart Regatta, 1885.— A corres pondent of the Mercury, 'North,' writing from Launceston, siys : — 41 At the above-named regatta, held on 28th January, 1885, a Launceston crew won trophies valued at £30. A cheque for tho amount has not been forthcoming, though repeated efforts have been made by the Northerners to secure their rights. In answer to enquiries the Hobart Regatta Committeeintiiuate that their rulescompel prize-winners to procure trophies at one business house, viz , Air Golding, of Hobart. This restriction is unfair and unjust, inasmuch as the money having to be paid, what difference does it make to the Hobart Regatta Committee whether ' it is expended in Hobart or Launceston, so long as they receive vouchers showing legitimate trophies were obtained ? On the other hand, the public who gener ously contribute the money for these con tests take more interest in Ladies' Parse than any other race. It, therefore, behoves the Regatta Committee to pause before expunging from off their pro- ~ ~ gramme the most popular item, which is inevitable unless a full and sportsmanlike settlement is arrived at. A Ghost Story. — At Oils ton there stands what auctioneers' would call a sub stantially brick-built and pleasantly situ ated house, which, for. the last 25 years', has been in want of a tenant, for the reason that it was occupied, in other words, that it deserved the name which it bears, of ' The Haunted House,' and, according to tradition, this is how it came about. One night, between the hours of 11 and 12, some notorious bushrangers, who were then infesting the district, stuck up the unfortunate proprietor, who Was alone in his house. They were disap pointed in the result of their search of his person and premises, and, standing over him with fearful threats, sought to draw information as to some secret store. The poor victim, in desperation, made A struggle for release, and fled, but being caught in his flight was murdered on his own doorstep. Until quite recently the blood-stained freestone doorstep has been pointed to as confirmatory evidence, and' the tale has been oft- repeated that belated travellers passing the place at the time of the night on which the deed was done have seen the ghost of the murdered man gliding from the doorway. Nothing, more circumstantial than this can be learned, but children at dusk have passed by with a shndder, and the boy* have met the apparition with boys* weapons, stones, until the house has a battered and forlorn appearance. Within the last few days this has been partly remedied, the windows and doors having been restored. A hardy familjr wanting a residence, and believing in the ' any port in a storm ' principle have, taken possession. What their experiences wili be time will determine, but suppos ing they obtain perfect immunity from ghostly visitations shall we attribute it to the proximity of the police station, and tho p -etty little English church close at hand 1 Or shall we say that the introduction of a family with the surroundings of poultry and dogs, with a restored garden and general tidying up of the premises harve convinced the restless spirit that it is time it had marched on in this age of matter of fact and utiiity. Ac roii, Results of the ' Diplomatic Treatment.' — Whatever may be the exact frontier given to Russia, one thing is certain. ' Henceforward India will be, in a sense in which it has never yet been realised as being, a factor in the policy of England. Not for the first time Russlai has given us fair warning that she intends to march up to the very veige of English territory in Hindostan. The new boundary, therefore, whatever the points at which it may be drawn, will prac tically be one of demarcation between Eng land and Russia. Any violation of it may be a menace to England, which it will be \ incumbent on us to prevent or punish M with all the resources of our Empire. -J This is the view generally taken by the London Press. 'Had Mr Gladstone's Go vernment insisted upon the instant with drawal of Komaroff's' troops to Sarakhs,*' writes the Daily Telegraph, 'as an alter-. - native to war, either Russia must have fought ns in Europe and Asia with unpre pared forces and an empty treasury, or she would have ~ retired before the stem resolve of Britain, and all Asia would have known that the Bear had de clined to confront the Lion. As it is, the boundary which Russia will for the future have will assimilate the position of Great Britain to that of Germany, France, and Austria, an Empire with a frontier to guard, never again able to stand aloof from European politics or to defend her possessions chiefly by her shipB.' The first step towards the recognition of this was taken by Lord Kimberley, when on Tuesday he announced that a sum of £5,000,000 would be at once devoted to the construction of the Quettah railway j and to the other military roads ana Jfl operations rendered indispensable by the fl contact of the Russians with India. So 4 far from finding ourselves at the com- q mencement of 'the era of retrenchment aud non-intervention which the liberal I Government was to inaugurate, we are committed to an expenditure on military and naval purposes far heavier than we have yet been called upon to face, while in addition to this we are plunged irrevoc ably into the vortex of European politics, and are confronted by the circumstance g that the possession of India does ipso facto constitute us a Continental Power. — Home News, 15th ultimo. Messrs. Hatton and Laws notify that they are the sole agents for Jayne's family medi cines. Bcilkx's V Old Ibish Whisky, warranted free from fusil oil Sold everywhere Scott's Emulsion of Pore Cod Liver Oil with Hypophosphites, is especially valuable for delicate children. Sead the following Testimonial : — ' I have prescribed ' Soott's I ''mu lsi on ' in caies of children suffering from wasting and mal-nufcrition, and can report most favorably of its good effect ; it has been in each case taken most lJreadily. — W. Perkins, M.R.C.S., Medical Supt. ISurleigh Hospital, England.' Any Chemist can supply it. Price 5s, at wholesale, by L. Faibthorne and Son, Launceston. 