LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS, Tiie LOGAN Branch railway will bo openod on tbo 9th io«t., as far as Lognnlea. Wr. WOULD romind owners of racehorses that the nominations for the Warwick I!andicu-pB oloso this (Saturday) ovcning, at 8 p.m. 1 Tbb iikqplau meeting of the Glengallan Divisional .Board- will be bold this day (Satur day), at the Board's officii Albort-BtreoL A TELEGRAM from Charters Towers, dstod April 1, soya that tho Charters Towers Jockey Club last night passed a resolution disqualifying all horses running under tho new Queensland Tuif Club RUIcb. Hocklinmplon has bIbo de cided the same way. IT is understood that the Ror. 13. C. Spicor, M.A., will eooiuet Church of England sorvieo at tho I.ytton camp on Sunday, and tho Rev. Father Fouhy will officiato for tbo Roman Catholics, Among THOSE wlio obtained their B. A. de. groo at tho rocent examination at the Sydney University appears the nauio of Mr. Macaosb, the son of Mr, J. D. Macansh of Canning Downs. He passed in classics and mathematics (Class II.). A LIST of solcctionB og.cn to solcction at the Warwick Land offico under the New Laud Act appears in another column. They are forfeited selections, and _ are Within an ngri cultural area, the maximum in one piece being 1280 acros. A TELF.OUAH from Sydney, dated March 30, states-"Thia aftornoou Bishop Ilalo placed his formal resignation in tho hands of the Primate at the office of the Diocosan Registry, and thus official]} sovered a connection with tho colonics that has lasted for nearly forty years." MB. JOHN Finkie's racehorse Spoilsman had his leg injured while going into a railway vnn last week, end will likely ho prevented from I fulflling his Gympie engagements, tlis leg slipped into tho spaco between tho flap door of the horse van and tho platform. THE OLD Transcontinental scheme has not y«t altogether died out. Karl Denbigh; as chair man liis it appoars applied to tho Government a second time for payment of a large sum to cover tbo survey foes and other expenses connected with tho promotion of tho objects of the syndicate. The Government have declined to occedo to Lord jleobigh's request, Very properly eo too. MR. W, <J. IlANiiuItv, tbo local land agent, rpccivcd the following telegram from the Under Secretary for Lands on Tuosday lust:-"In I cases where selectors are in arrears of rent, and in a position to pay only a portion oi what is ! due, rcccive it.-W. C. HUME." IT WILL be aeon by advertisement that an alteration in the time of running the Emu Creek train and the afternoon train from War * wick to Toowoomba bas been made for Monday ; next (Easter Monday.) The train timed to leave Emn Vale at 2 p.m. will not leave until 4-15 p.m., and from Warwick to Emu Vale at C p.m., instead of 4.40 p.m. The afternoon train to Toowoomba, nsually loaving bore at 1-25 will not leave until 6 p.ir. A CIBCL'LAu to railway station-masters has | been issued by the Traffic Department (says tho Courier) directing thnt in future no | carriages or compartments are to be reserved ; without permission from the head office, except i under circumstances provided in the regulations^ In no circumstance are passengers, who have psid their fares to be turned out of a carriage in order to provide a reserved carriago. It is understood that the Minister approved of tho issue cf the circular beioro the inquiry into the recent incident at Toowoomba rfat concluded. Tim CoNMisEiONEn for Railways was to : leave Brisbane on Wednesday afternoon on a | visit of inspection of tho lino and all stations as j far as Stanthor'pa. He will probably return on , Monday next. Wo would like to see bim make a abort stay in Warwick and look ont for a site for tbo cential railway station. Sorely it ' is time aome iitejii wore taken towards this j much needed and long promised work. It would be well for our member, mayor, and chairntao of progress commitloe to interview him on the subject, atid notify through him to the I Minister for Works the anxiety of the people for tho woik to bo proceeded with at onco. Fuou Mn. Uakduuy, tho local land agent, I we havo obtained tho following particulars of the rente paid at the Warwick office during tho past month, for tho year ending 31st March, , IQfiC - OnndillouM Rents ; ,i.ote 4 4 '? Homesteads .. 817 2 4 Balance Survoy Fee .. 18 G Deed Fees _ .. 28 .10 0 AaBuranco FecB .. .. 3 2 10 I 5,021 18 0 llomaining unpaid 4,268 13 0 Tho greater portion of unpaid rents are from : selectors of Alloia oxoh≱ lands, who are proposing to oomo tinder the now Aot. IT is updcrst&od; («iye the Observer) that the extension of the Western Railway to Moore's Creek (or Mung&UsU;) will not bo ready befoe May, more especially as a strike reoently took place among tho men employed by contractor Gorgelt. The extension to Black's Waterlioles about a dozen miles farther, or over forty miles from MitcheH, «m;it if. liQMd.bo completed: before AugustoerL'j Tbe;o|Hbi$ls of tlic way Department, Hfler"ltieilr'ret>ent visit, luive reported that they do not regard the traffic obtainable between Mitchell and Moore's Creek as likely to warrant the increased expenditure* which on intermediate opening would necessitate, and they therefore suggest that no portion of the extension shall be opened until tbo lines an laid as far as Slack's Waterholes. A BPECtES of larrikinistn has been developed of lato which it would bo well were the police to put dowu at oncc. We refer to a habit of some J^rrikins actjug the part o( "ghosts" by enveloping: thinieU'ea jin b'lfiti |4ieet^ after nightJill (andiiiglitbnii^ \vomcil>«nd children by suddenly startling them and approaching them with wierd gesture. The practice was indulged ia on Wednesday, night in Albion street, when two young women who Were leaving St. Mark's Church, as well as several children, wore very muohalarmed by some , these bUfcktjuacds.rrQin of tho' yonng'jvfemfn; fitnted:«nd bacame olmtm'hysterlcal for some time, and was unnorved for hours afterwards, while children were frightened to go to the door. We may mention for tho information of the larrikins that the polico authorities have been in formed of the affair, and thatconstables will be on the watoh in plain clothes at tho spot. Should the fooli h frightcnors try thoir games again, they will stand a fair chanoe of receiving a horsowhipping and spending a night tn the cells, besides being made an oxamplo of at the polico court on the following morning. Mote health, tunshlne, and j&y; in Hop Bitters than in all other remedies. Observe. For.goneral debility and prostration Hop Bitters will do wonders. Prove it by trial See. TURKS hukdreu Skatehs afmat ON sub ICE.-About 1000 persons woro skating on Lake Rothscl, near Luccrno, which was only partly frozen over,' when suddenly on enormous 1 floe, on which some 300 skaters were enjoying I themselves, broke away from the buns and floated away into tho lako, to tbo torror o£ I ovorybody. A terrific catastrophe was anti cipated ; but after three hours' patient effort by boatmen this raft of a now kind was safely run against tho shore, on which tho skaters were speedily landed. A genorous and hoarty diet ia indispcnsablo for people who work with thoir braius; as Mr. Lowes B&ys;," Nerve tissue is expensive," and many a delicate girl, or palo, thin studout breaks down more from lack of roast beef and gravy tliitt from ovcrstudy. Any study is ovcrstudy for oho who is updorfod, Plenty of nourishing food should be provided, and not only this, but it should be of a kind that will j bo relished. Brain-workers, whether old or 1 young, cannot thiive upon a diet of jpork and potatoes. It is not even yot wall enough understood by all thoiO wlio have oharge ot the table niid Its supplies that what tins fuel is to the lire, food is to the body. 