DETECTIVE STORIES. FOILED BY A BOY DETECTIVE. {Concluded.) [From the Bartford Weekly Times], The dodge to which John "Watson owned his ultimate safety has always been attributed to his own vulpine canning—to his own calculated audacity. He himself so gave it out at a meeting in New York. That was not true. Either he was misreported or he misrepresented the facts of the case, which were these. The next house to the Bow-street Police Office was occupied by a tailor of the name of Savil. He appeared to have a quiet sort of family trade, and the upper part of his house was let in " Furnished Apartments for Single Gentlemen." 1 do not remember to have ever seen his front window divested of that announcement; but the familiar formula had never spoken suggestively to me till three cr four hours after I had left poor Watson locked up in the coal- cupboard. " Furnished Apartments for Single Gentlemen" in immediate proximity to the renowned policeoffi ce. The words seemed to read themselves to me, as my eyes rested half vacantly upon them, with a knavish chuckle, and slightly altered—" A Furnished Apartment for a S ingle Gentlemen!" To lie sure, the very thing for William Stubbs, alias Richard Kirby, alias John Watson, No man with his wits about him would, if he happened to be particularly " wanted" in Bow-street, walk of his own accord to Bow-street, and take up his abode under the very noses of the men in quest of him ! Certainly not. It were an unimaginable absurdity. Just so; aud for that reason an old schoolfellow and fast friend of mine walked before noon on that day into SaviU's shop, saw that respectable individual, and engaged his three-pair-back bedroom for an uncle—Mr. William Stubbs—a quiet countryman from Norfolk, who would give no trouble whatever, but required to be boarded as well as_ lodged. There was no objection, my friend added, to a monthly payment in advance. Such an offer accepted itself; refennces were superfluous; Mr. William Stubl s could come direct from the Saracen's ; Head, Skinner-street, when the Norwich ' coach arrived, and would find the apartments 1 ready, the sheets well aired, and a dinner [ ready to be served, &c.;, &c.; • Looking down from the height of forty-five I years of a detective experience, I must say that was not a common device to be hatched and matured in a boy's unpractised brain, and can to this day heartily participate in the delicious but of course subdued merriment with which my ante-self, at Bixteen, looked on whilst the stout Stubbs slowly alighted from a hackney coach, and, with his luggage, leisurely passed before the unregardful eyes of the Bow-street officials into Mr. SaviU's house. The worthy tailor and I have chuckled over, and drained glasses whilst chuckling over, that neat trick a hundred times. John Watson remained about seven weeks at Savill's, during which his capture was twenty times at least reported in the newspapers. By then, vigilance, enfeebled by disappointment, had become dull, torpid, and it was judged by Watson's friends, with whom I was in secret communication, that he should no longer delay his departure for America. As I was informed, the final arrangement come to was that Watson should embark at London. This was in accordance with my theory that the place where it was least likely you would be soueht for was that where, if Bought for, yoa would be most easily found 1 I bade Watson bon voyage. He expressed grateful thanks for the great service I had rendered him; and yet, with a strange mistrust of one who had givea such unmistakable proof of his good faith, tactitly deceived me as to the port where hepurposed embarking for the States. In doing so, he, I must believe, acted by the advice of others, not by the promptings of his own mind. The very next day a letter was received from that" needy but loyal Bubject of King George, Thomas Jebb," informing the authorities that the proclaimed traitor John Watson intended to embark at Liverpool, in the liner Washington, which was advertised to sail on the 10th—four days from then. I had never been able to discover who the " needy and loyal subject" was—his real name being only communicated in confidence to the solicitor of the Treasury, and this note completely demolished a vague suspicion which had lately risen in my mind, pointing to a very intimate acquaintance of a friend of Watson as the traitor. I must have been mistaken, it being quite clear that Thomas Jebb only knew that Watson was about to attempt leaving the country, but not from which port. By-the-way, I had made it a peremptory condition with the hunted man that he should on no account confide the secret of his hiding- place to any human being, except Mr. Grafton, a watchmaker, a near relative of his, in whose good faith and discretion 1 had implicit confidence. It was at once determined that two officers should proceed to Liverpool, and search the Washington when well out at sea, iust previous to the pilot leaving her. My stepfather was one of the selected officers, and he being in a remarkably gracious mood, the arrest of Watson appearing to be at last assured, consented that 1 should accompany him. I felt a malicious pleasure in the anticipation of being a witness to the blank disappointment of the " Runners" when they found that Watson was not on board the Washington—a pleasure that would be greatly enhanced by the certainty of the fugitive's escape which would then be simmering at my heart—the London liner, in which he would have embarked, sailing on the same day as the Washington. We keDt strictly on the quiet in Liverpool, making no enquiries whatever, but keenly observant of the Washington. Ten minutes after the Blue Peter flew out at her masthead we were drooping down the Mersey in a stout six-oared l/oat, which could not fail easily to overhaul the liner unless a stiff breeze sprang op, which was not, the sailors said, in the least likely, even should the American captain disregard, as had more than once happened, the signal, to be displayed at the proper moment, of " Officers coming to visit and search the Washington." Our boat had not long cleared the Mersey when we sighted another pulled by two oars only, with one passenger sitting at the stern. The captain of our skiff, after a hasty look through his glass said, " That boat is waiting for the Washington, and it's very likely the stout individual in the stern sheets is your man, gentlemen. But if so, you will find him on board the liner. By jingo ! I'm not so sure of that," added the seaman, again bringing his glass to bear upon the boat. " They don't like our looks, and are pulling like grim death back to shore. Shall we give chase? There will be plenty of time after picking her up to overhaul the Washington." Chase was given; the men in the strange boat strained every muscle to escape, in compliance—we could presently see, by the wild, frenzied gestures of their passenger—with the entreaties, backed, no doubt by lavish promises of reward in the event of success. But the two-oared boat had not the ghost of a chance of reaching the shore before we should run alongside, and a sickening flush ran through my veins as the thought arose in my mind that it was just possible a change in the plan of escape had taaen place at the last moment, and that the frantic passenger was John Watson. All doubt was soon over. We ran alongside the chase; the two officers stepped from our boat to the other; the passenger's wig was snatched eff, his false whiskers ditto, and then revealed before us, in dumb terror, was—not John Watson—but the cashier of an eminent London firm, who had absconded with a considerable sum of money, and for whose apprehension a reward of £100 had been for Borne considerable time vainly offered. "Mr. Charles Thurston, as I'm alive," gleefully shouted my step-father. " We are in luck to day, and have a good chance of killing two gallows-birds'with one stone. " Now then," he added, collaring the swooning cashier, and forcing him into our boat, " now then, we've no time to spare, and it's of no use to snivel or faint. Bring away his traps. All now, captain, will pull like good men for the Washington, which 1 see is running out to sea at a spanking rate." "Yes," said our captain, "the breeze is rising faster than I expected it would. We had better step the mast, and run up signals at once." This was done, our fellows at the same time bending to the oars with a will. For some time it was doubtful that we were Been, or, if seen, that our signal should be heeded. If that should prove so, the capture of Thurston would have ensured the escape of Watson, it being clearly impossible for us to cut off or overtake the liner, which was dashiug on under a cloud of canvas. The two "Runners" were dreadfully put out, swore roundly at poor Thurston for coming in their way just at the wrong moment, and soundly rated the captain of the skiff for assuring them the small boat might be overhauled without fear of thereby missing the Washington. " It was a fair calculation," said the man, "that we might; and this fellow moaning and twisting here in the bottom of the boat might have been the man you particularly wanted. All right; all right; the liner is shivering her foresail; round she comes, and will lie-to for us," he added. The American skipper received us with a cold, grim civility. The surrender to officers of justice of any criminal who had once set his foot on the deck of a ship sailing under the star-spangled banner was very distasteful to those " Hail Columbia !" gentlemen, even when that ship was in British waters; and but for the penalties which would be incurred and enforced whenever the Yankee ship whose commander had wilfully refused to lie-to when properly signalled to do so, returned to a British port—they would never, or at all events very seldom, give up any man except it may be an atrosious murderer. The Washington carried out 275 passengers. It was necessary to inspect every one of these, and afterwards search the ship, if our man was not previously found. The detention of the liner would consequently last a considerable time ; and as there was a fresh and rising easterly breeze the chagrin of the American skipper and his officers at being compelled to lose so much valuable time was proportionate. However, there was no help for it. The passengers were all ordered upon deck, ranged in the forepart of the ship, aud after being scrutinized by the Bow- street officers, passed aft, if not the man wanted. Whilst my stepfather and his comrade were all engaged in civilly snappish confab, if suoh a phrase be permissible, with the American officers, I was pushing through the crowd of passengers, urged by a vague fear that Watson might after all be amongst them. Suddenly I started, as it an adder stung me. The reader must not forget that not only was my boy-vanity deeply engaged, but that should Watson be taken, awkward, perilous disclosures affecting my precious self might come out on his trial. Yes, I started as if an adder stung me; for there before me was John Watson —his face livid, his knees knocking together, in the very ecstacy of terror. I knew him as instantly as he knew me, though his disguise, that of a stout Quaker, wearing an extensive broadbrimmer, a flaxen wig, and blue spectacles, was, as a disguise, not meddled with, stripped away—capital. What mischievous fool or knave could have prevailed to mar so promising a project; one that, but for that exasperating interference must, it was plain, have been successful! I did not then know, could not have believed, that it was I who had been purposely misled—it being feared that boy isn indiscretion might at any moment make shipwreck of the scheme; or my stepfather, receiving a hint, or conceiving a suspicion of my agency in the business, might wheedle or whip me into confessing all. It could, at all events, the cunning fools reasoned, do no harm to keep me in the dark as to where Watson would embark—then he could sleep in spite of thunder! Thomas Jebb, not being a boy, might of course be confided in—as his services would be required— at least to that extent. The idiots ! I repeat, that at that moment I had not the faintest suspicion that I could have been purposely deceived. Could I have thought so, I hope resentment for having been so treated would not have prevented me from making a last effort to save the seemingly doomed man. I struggled out of the mob of passengers, almost all of whom were rowing, clamouring, swearing, at being compelled to undergo the insolent scrutiny of Bow-street fellows—the servile tools of an infamous aristocracy ; and they heartily hoped Wateon—it was soon known whom the officers were in search of— had escaped the mercenary bloodhounds set upon his track. A hundred lights were dancing in my eves and flashing in my brain. I could not endure the thought of Watson being carted off as it were to the gallows. To succour, protect any one, is almost invariably to become deeply interested in, attached to hitn or her. Aud my pride fiercely rebelled at the notion of being foiled, defeated in the very moment of supposed victory. Ay, but how resist defeat—seize and bind that vanishing victory ? That was the question. An insoluble one it for some time appeared to be. Presently, as I watched the procedure going on—the division of the passengers into two parties, those who had passEd the ordeal and those who had nst— the " All right" of the officers usually responded to by a curse or other fierce rebuke of their d d insolence—I noticed one man standing close by Watson, and exhibiting almost as much trepidation as the proclaimed " Traitor." Didn't I know that man ? His features seemed familiar to me. By Jove! he waB Fleetwood^ the runaway bankrupt builder, of Pimlico. The idea which gleamed before me widened, brightened with every passing moment. Fleetwood was not unlike Watson; the same age, complexion, stature, or nearly so. By heavens ! the thing might be done ! and all Fleetwood himself would have to apprehend if taken back to London was the compulsory surrender of his person and plunder to the Commissioners of bankruptcy. N ot pleasant rocesses it may be, but much preferable to Eeing hanged by the neck twixt earth and sky till you are dead. There was not a single pulse-beat to be lost, and mine was going at a galop—eo fast that I could scarcely manage to scribble in pencil, on a leaf torn from a memorandum-book, these few words:— " Never say die ! There's life in a mussel yet! Be ready to take prompt advantage of any row or confusion which may occur to slip over amongst the 'passed' passengers. Whisper you are Watscn, and, my life upon it, not one will expose the trick." Sidling again amongst the fast diminishing ranks of the unexamined passengers, I contrived to pass the slip of paper, unobserved, into Watson's hand. A minute afterwards his half-hopeful look gave assurance that he understood me. . My peit in the play was next to come, and quickly. My cue for going on would be the officers' "All right," as they passed the man immediately in front of Fleetwood. " All right!" Instantly I sprang forward, seized the absconding bankrupt by the arm, exclaiming as I did so," This is he ! This is the villain ! I know him well!" The unfortunate man struggled furiously, yelling with rage and spluttering out indignant denials that he was Watson ! The officers, supposing that I meant that he wa« Watson, flung themselves upon him, and after a brief struggle mastered his desperate resistance, and got on the handcuffs. That done, they looked closely at his features—searched for the marks by which the real Watson could be unerringly identified. "This fellow is not Watson!" exclaimed my father, turning angrily upon me. " What did you mean by saying that he was ?" " I did not say he was Watson. I never thought of saying so. He is Fleetwood, the bankrupt builder of Pimlico, for whose apprehension a considerable reward hos been, as you know, offered." " By Jove! the lad is right. It is Fleetwood! Well, little fish are sweet, and not to be sneezed at, especially as it may be feared we shall not, this timp, at all events, succeed in hooking the big one. Stand aside for the present, Mr. Fleetwood." During the bustle and confusion Watson had adroitly passed over among the examined passengers, who, as the whisper circulated that he was the political fugitive Watson, closed round and him from view. Most of the crew and all of the passengers—except Fleetwood, absorbed, blinded hy his own misery—were witnesses of the dodge, but not one gave a hint by word or gesture to the officers; and they, suspecting nothing, proceeded with their work; which terminated, they searched the ship, equally without success of course. The American skipper, who had been for some time waxing terribly wroth, at last gave orders to fill—remarking, as he did BO, with a savage growl, •* That if the darned Britishers did not go over the side into their boat pretty smart, they would have the Dleasure of seeing New York before they did Liverpool again. This perfectly serious menace quickened oui motions considerably; and we were in a very few minutes pulling for the mouth of the Mersey, with the two prisoners Thurston and Fleetwood securely in hand. That was something no doubt, but, as a compensation for Watson's non-capture, scarcely worth a thought—as the officers' angry contemptuous looks, as they eyed the crest-fallen captives, abundantly testified. There was a sardonic glistening out of Thurston's grey eyes and curling his thin lip, as he returned the officers' scowl, which I could not at first comprehend. I soon did. "The Washington," said Thurston, who had been observing for a minute or two the fast-disappearing ship—" The Washington is hull down already; it would require a lively craft to overhaul her, and John Watson may hug himself on his safety as confidently as if ehe were already moored in New York harbour!" " What's the fellow prating about ?" growled my step-father, fiercely. " What does he know about Watson ?" " Only this—that he is on board the Washington ! That you wonderful clever fellows let him slip through your buttered fingers as eaeily as a live eel could !" " That's a lie, Mr. Thurston ! Had Watson been on board the Washington, we should have him here as safely as we have you and Fleetwood." " John Watson is on board the Washington, I tell you, disguised as a Quaker ! Why you must have seen him in the crowd, wearing a tremendous broad-brimmer and blue spectacles. I bad climbed up the ship's aide, just to see what was going on, and spied him out—knew him at a glance. You must, 1 say, remember having seen such a man; and you can't remember having examined—questioned him? Ah, you may well look at one another," continued Thurston, with exultant glee. " He slipped aft when you where so bu6y with friend Fleetwood, here. Cleverly done, upon my soul! very cleverly done, indeed ! I glory in the fellow. Ho! ho! Wonderful cute chaps are our celebrated ' Runners.' The notion of any one throwing dust in their eyes! Quite impossible, of course! Not to be done; certainly not. Here's to John Watson's jolly good health," added the spiteful swindler, taking a flask from his vest; " and wishing with all my heart I was as certainly on board the Washington as that he is. Never mind, thieftakers, keep your spirits up as I do. Better luck next time, perhaps, for you as well as me. But, really, it must be aggravating to have had the man in the hollow of one's hand and let Mm get away, with no chance of setting your blessed eyes on him again ! I should be fit to hang myself if I were you; I should; indeed. And, Lord! what a wigging you'll get from the nobs when it comes to be known. Lose your berths ? Of course. Mean—mean. Mr. Runner, the second, and almost as clever as your pal," added Thurston, as the officer, feeling riled and hardly knowing how to vent his spite, clapped a pair of handcuffs on the cashier's wrists. "Mean, Mr. Runner; but there is some excuse to be made for men whe have met with such a sell. Watson will, no doubt, be printing it in she NejF York papers, headed ' The Famous Bow-street Blockheads !' Ho ! ho !" 