ANNABEL'S BY DOEA RUSSELL. Authoress of 'Footprints in the Snow,' 'The Vicar's Governess,' 'Croesus' Widow,' ' Beneath the Wave,' &c;, &c; Published by special arrangement with the authoress. All rights reserved.[ ' Chapter XXVHL— Don, Days. They ;were dull, dreary days for Annabel after Sarah -was gone. The old simple life at Sallford bad to be begun again, and gone on with, but the old light, simple heart, that had made everything pleasant, was gone. She took do interest in anything now, and tiie little ways and the little srossip of the place that bad once amused her now wearied and annoyed her; and beneath the leaden November skies she used to wander about the damp meadows by the Sail, looking, as Bessie expressed it, ' like a ghost.' Why, why had this misery come to ner i sue ?would think. She had loved Martin so truly — so truly. She would have been his faithful wife, and had prayed to be, and trusted to be, and God had not listened to her innocent cry. Oh ! it was bitter, very bitter. ' I shall never pray for anything more,' she said many a time during these miserable weeks, and utterly ?weary and heart-sick she dragged through her daily existence. one was uncomlortatsie at Home too. Bessie's hint in her letter (Bessie's hints were always a little broad) about her father's behavior with Hannah Page was not un founded. This girl, in fact, who was a very forward one, intended to marry Johnny Lee, and tried in-every way to attract his admira tion.- But Johnny was too fond of Annabel to do this while his daughter remained at home. Still, he encouraged TTmithiIi Page, and Bessie's unbounded indignation at his proceedings made everything very uncom fortable. 'You should turn her out,. bag and bag gage, Miss Annabel,' Bessie was always urging ; but Annabel shrank from even men tioning the subject to her father, and- from one other subject* also, which was even yet more grievous. Poor John Lee! The fatal infatuation which had killed his father was daily growing on him too, and night after night Annabel listened' for his return, as the first John Lee's wife had listened for his, with shame and dismay filling her heart. So things went on, and many and many a time during these days Annabel envied Ada lying in her quiet grave by the sea. ' What Save I to live for?' she would think, gloomily ; for life seemed to offer her neither hope nor happiness now. She had heard from Mrs. Wykeman once since her sister's marriage, and occasionally from the bride herself.. They had gone abroad, and Sarah -wrote apparently in good spirits, and frequently alluded to ' Martin.' Mrs. Wykeman did not mention Robert Vere in her letter to Annabel, but once or twice Lady Margaret at the rectory had done so. 'Our nephew,- Robert Vere, is coming to Sallford soon,' she said one day to Annabel ?with a smile. ' You know him very well, do you not?' 'He has always been very kind to me,' answered Annabel, and when one morning Lady Margaret arrived at Red-house to ask tier to dine with them that evening, to meet Uobert, she felt glad to go. 'Robert asked me to invite you,' said Lady Margaret laughing; 'and has indeed invited himself ;to pay us this visit, so he will be quite disappointed if you do not come. He arrives to- day.' 'I shall be very glad to do so,3' said Anna bel, and when in the evening she entered the Tectory drawing-room, Robert Vere was stand ing-there, and came forward- with a pleased smile to receive her. The next moment he suppressed a sigh, for lie was sorry to see Annabel looking so changed ' and ill stilL 'Well, and what have you been doing?' he said kindly. 'Nothing,' she answered, with a faint little smile, and Robert shook his head. 'Nothing is a bad occupation,' he said. . ' You know, Miss Annabel, the gentleman -who always has some mischief ready '* for idle hands to do.' ' Annabel laughed uneasily. 'And Bob, my friend Bob?' asked Robert Vere. ' Is quite well, and is a great favorite at home. Papa is so fond of Him, and even Bessie.' 'And how is Bessie?' said Robert, who always remembered every one. 'I like Bessie ; there's a grim honesty about her, and the way she used to guard herself from the too forward attentions of her admirer, Jenkins, ?was highly amusing.' ' And Colonel jerningham?' inquired An nabel. ' He's better, poor man, I think, and talks of returning to Tndia,, but I do not think that hell go.' 'Why?' 'Somebody doesn't mean to let him go,' laughed Robert. ' Mrs. Wykeman hasn't been consoling him all this lime for nothing.' ' But do you really think ? ' ' I really think shell marry him,' answered Robert. 'He's too guileless and simple- j hearted to cope with a clever woman who iitfMis it ; and I think, too, that she'll make him a very good wife.' I ' But he's such a dear old man. ' \ ' Well, isnt she a dear old woman ? Fancy if she heard me! No, Mrs. Wykeman will jaever be an old woman.' i When dinner was announced the rector took down Annabel, and Robert followed with Lady Margaret. : ' What a jolly little party,' said Robert, looking contentedly round the well-spread table, and at the cheerful fire. 'How cosy you north-country people are ! Lady Mar garet, I hope that you are prepared for me to inflict my company on you for a week ?' 'You know, Robert, that we are very pleased to have you,' answered Lady Mar garet; 'but how will you amuse yourself in this quiet place?' Robert laughed a light, pleasant laugh. His heart was at rest again, and life was no longer a dull, wearisome round of duties, and he had determined to enjoy it. ' fin easily amused,' said he. 'Miss Lee, ?will you take compassion on me and help to entertain me, as evidently Lady Margaret thinks that it will be a very serious task ?' j ' I will' do what I can,' said AnnabeL ] smiling, and before..they parted for the night i Sobert remindediief of this promise. 'I am coming to you to be amused to morrow,-' he said. ' What time may I come ?'' 'Whenever you like,' answered Annabel. 'How early will Bessie let me in, I wonder?' said Robert. 'Do you think attwelve o'clock?' *' How can you tali: such nonsense ?:J laughed AnnabeL 'Well, come at twelve, then ;' and and at twelve Robert went. Before. he -did so,] however, he had a little conversation with his uncle, the rector. 'Uncle,' he said, as the Rev., Charles Vere ?was calmly eatingJus^FB&kfast;, ' have you any very poor and .-miserable family among your parishioners here?' 'Alas, my dear boy,' answered the rector, shaking his head, 'I fear that I have a great many poor and miserable families, and Fm sure any little help ? ' 'I don't want a fever 'case, mind,' said Robert ;'3just a case of great destitution and poverty.3? ' Do you mean that you wish to give some assistance, Robert?' 'I will gladly, give some assistance,' an swered Robert ; ' but I want the address of one or two.' The rector drew out his memorandum-book and thoughtfully referred to it. ' Here is a sad case, now, Robert,' he said. 'Mrs. Wilson. Husband -formerly a master joiner — was killed' (went on the rector, read ing his notes) 'two years ago by a fall from a ladder. Long illness before death; spine in jury. Widow aged fifty-four, one daughter ill of consumption, four boys — all totally unpro vided for.' 'Miserable!' exclaimed Robert. 'What have you done for them ?' 'They have a few shillings a week from the parish, and the mother takes in washing and the daughter sewing. The boys — two at school, one of whom I pay for; two, apprentices. They are very poor, and I saw the young girl the other day, and I fear that she is dying.' ' What is their address ?' said Robert, taking out his pocket-book. t 'Number 35, Line-street — it is one of the worst parts of Sallford. Then two — yes, two doors further down, in the same street,' went on the rector, ' there 'is Bridget .Latimer, an old woman, seventy-nine, quite helpless from rheumatism, has three shillings a week from the parish ; all the rest private charity ; very poor.' 'Poor soul!' sighed Robert, taking down the name and address. ,. 'Then there's the case of the Jacksons,' continued the rector, but Robert put up his hand. tiZ1??t ' enaagh to-day, uncle,' he said. * But X must not give you all this trouble for nothing. Here is five pounds; will you help some of these poor creatures with it ?' ''Indeed, I will thankfully do so,' said the rector, pocketing the money. ' You have done a good deed, Robert, and I hope it will come back to you.' 'Sevenfold, no doubt,' laughed Robert; and after a little further conversation on the same subject the rector and his nephew parted; Robert, about two hours later, pro ceeding to Redhouse to keep his appointment with AnnabeL When he arrived there the door was opened for him by Bessie, with her violet satin petti coat on, 'which she yet wore on special occa sions, and sjje y^peiyfd floberf wjti- a smile, which she only condescended to bestow on the very few that she delighted to honor. ' Well, Bessie,' said Robert ; ' why, you're looking better than ever.' ' Now, Mr. Vere, that just your chaff,' said Bessie, primly ; ' but Fm pretty middling just now.' 'Jenkins looks very dull,' continued Robert, following Bessie into the house. 'I dined with Colonel Jerningham twice the other day, Bessie, and I heard poor Jenkins sigh.' 'Now, really, Mr. Vere, you're that ridiculous-like,' said Bessie, highly delighted. 'Just to hear you, now. Jenkins is a decent man enough, I believe ; but all males ? ' 'Are not to be trusted, Bessie,' interrupted Robert ; ' you are quite right,' and he laughed heartily, and walked into the drawing room. Annabel, looking very pretty, rose to receive ' Did you hear me flirting with Bessie V khe said, as he shook Annabel's hand. 'Yes, I am quite shocked at Bessie,' answered Annabel smiling, 'but you are a great favorite of hers ;' and then Annabel blushed softly, for she remembered what Bessie had said about Uobert. 'I'm pleased to hear that,' said Robert. ' I like people to like me, and I should think that Bessie could be a very severe critic if she chose.' 'Oh, indeed she can.' 'And so you live here all alone,' said Robert, looking round the room ; ' this is your bower V' 'Yes, and a very dull one,' answered Annabel, with a sigh. 'Yet it's a comfortable, nice bright room.' ' Yes,' said Annabel listlessly. ' I have come to beg a great favor of you,' went on Robert. 'Well, what bit?' ' I want you to come with me to see two poor women. I can't talk to them, you know, like a woman can, and I dare not go alone.' Annabel shrank back. ' I— I don't like to go among poor people,' she said. ' I feel so shy about going into their houses.' 'Yon are not afraid, are you, of illness or anything ?' 'Oh no: not that — but the truth is, Mr. Vere, that I've got no money to give them, and I don't like to go without.' 'That's just what I want you to do forme,' said Robert. ' I want you to give them some of my money. Will you ?' 'Oh, I don't know.' 'Do, like a good girL Come, Annabel, put on your hat, and help two or three poor crea tures to have a comfortable dinner.' Annabel did not like it ; but he persuaded her to go. She had never gone among poor people, and knew nothing of their sufferings or their wants. She was shocked and dismayed, therefore, when Robert took her to the miser able back street, and down the yet more miser able court in which poor Mrs. Wilson lived among her soapsuds. Steam was coming out of the window; steam coming out of the door. There was a line covered with newly-washed clothes, be tween two posts, stretched across in front of the house, under which Robert and Annabel had to stoop before they could approach the door, and when they did reach the door there was nothing. but newly-washed clothes to be seen hung across lines also over nearly the whole of the room within. Annabel rapped, and presently a woman, on whose face poverty and hard work had stamped their unmis takable signs, answered the summons. She looked quite astonished when she saw Annabel's sweet face appearing between her clothes-lines, and made a sort of an attempt at a curtsey. 'Well, ma'am?' she said. 'You are Mrs. Wilson, are you not f said Annabel nervously. 'Yes, ma'am.' ' May we come in ior a little while ?' went on AnnabeL j 'Yes, ma'am,' answered the poor woman in ] a dismayed tone, looking at her dripping wet, red brick floor, and at her huge undried J washing, which almost entirely filled her one j little room. j ' YouTl find us in sad confusion,' she said, j apologetically; and she pulled down one of the lines,-nd dusted a wooden chair, and put it before the fire. The fireplace was at the end of the small room and the window at one side of it, and beyond was a little yard filled with lines also, and where Mrs. Wilson's washing-tubs and other apparatus of her trade were standing. Robert and Annabel entered, and as they did so a young girl, white-faced, hollow-eyed ; girl, who was sitting sewing on a chair placed j between the window and the fireplace — and for ! which there was only just room — rose, and look round in surprise also. 'You are very busy, I see,' said Annabel gentiy. 'Yes, ma'am,' answered the girl, and she curtseyed. j ' Do you take in work ?' continued An- : nabeL j _' Yes, ma'am, when I can get it,' said the ' girl. ' I am doing two tucked petticoats now - for Lady Margaret's maid, at the rectory.' j She spoke softly, though with a provincial j accent, but she looked very delicate and ilL ' I want you to sewme some handkerchiefs,' said Robert, who had been standing behind Annabel, listening to the foregoing conversa tion. ' This lady will bring them to you, and j I will pay you for them now,' and Robert laid j a sovereign on the wooden table. ' But, sir ? ' said the girl, hesitatingly. ' Isn't that enough, eh ?' asked Robert. ' Oh, sir — you know, handkerchiefs are soon J hemmed,' said the girl, blushing deeply, 'it is j far too much.' * i The haid- working, pinched woman, standing ! near, whom poverty had made grasping, heard this, and put in her word. ' But Margaret, hinny,' she said, 'perhaps the gentleman means kind — perhaps he means to help us a bit.' j ' That's just it, Mrs. Wilson,' said Robert, | turning round with his bright, kind smile, ' I want to help you a bit ; and if Miss Margaret here will sew the handkerchiefs, and you will wash them, it will be all right, won't it? And \ I may as well pay you beforehand, too.' I 'May the Lord bless you, sir,' answered the pcor woman, curtseying. ' God knows we are very hard pressed.' ' I hear that you have some little fatherless breadeaters?' said Robert. Mrs. Wilson shook her head, and raised her rough apron to her eyes. ' Ay, sir, and they do eat,' she said. ' My poor man looked so different for them at one time too — but it's a world of trouble.' 'Well, we must try to share its burdens,' answered Robert, and he slipped another gold coin into the puckered, bony, damp hand of the laundress, whose weary eyes filled with tears as she felt its welcome touch. ' Oh, sir,' she said, ' God bless you ! This will pay our rent, and put us all straight ; and that poor lass there will get a breath, of air, and she's just pining-like here for the want of it.' ' Do you know Red House, Margaret?' said Robert, turning away with a kindly nod to the poor woman, and addressing the young girL 'The big house on the hill, sir?' she answered, ' where old Mrs. Lee used to livei' ' Exactly,' he replied. ' Well, if you come up there to- morrow afternoon you'll get the handkerchiefs, and this lady will tell you how to sew them.' Annabel gave a little laugh at this. 'To hem them,' she said. 'Yes,' answered Robert, quite gravely, 'to hem them.' 'And. will you have them marked, sir?' said the girl, eagerly. 'Yes, I think so,' answered Robert; and now even he could not resist smiling, and then after a few gentle words from Annabel they ?went away. 'You don't know the good you've done, sir,' said Mrs. Wilson, following them to the door. 'May I be so bold as to ask your name, and that of the young lady's ?' ? ' The young lady's name is Miss Annabel Lee,' answered Robert, 'and she lives at Red House, where your daughter is to call to morrow afternoon ; and my name is Robert Vere.' 'Thank you, sir — thank you kindly. She shall come, and, as I told ye, God only knows how you've eased my heart this day.' As soon as they g-ot out of the court, Annabel gave a little, short, quivering sigh. ' I want you to go to one more place,' said Robert, ' it is in this street, too,' and he re ferred to his note-book. ' Bridget Latimer — an old woman, seventy-nine — quite helpless from rheumatism.' They had some difficulty in finding her. The unfortunate old woman lived, or rather existed, in one room, up a broken-down pair of wooden stairs, and was quite confined to bed ; a merciful neighbor with a large family of her own, coming once or twice in the day to prepare and give her her food, and to do what was absolutely necessary. She was at the present time, however, quite alone, and when Annabel had knocked for ad mittance at the door and they had entered the room they found her lying in her bed, her ! crippled, useless hands stretched out on the j coarse blue coverlet that lay over her. j The floor of the room was bare, and there i was no fire. The bed and two chairs and a box was all the furniture, and everything told of the bitterest poverty and privation. The_ old woman moved her head as they ?went in, and opened wide her glassy sunken i eyes. j 'How are you to-day?' said Annabel, ap '? proacbing the bed and touching one of the I awful-looking twisted hands with her own ! pretty little gloved one. 'Much as usual, thank you kindly for ? asking,' answered the old woman, still looking j from her to Robert with the utmost astonish j ment. 'I fear that you suffer very much,' said Robert gently, now also going near the bed. 'Ay, sir, sore at whiles, she answered; 'but are ye a doctor?' 'No,' replied Robert with his kind smile, 'but I want to do you a little good, for all that,' ' Thank you very kindly, sir. You'll excuse , me lying, but I ca«'t sit up without help.' ? ' And do you lie here all day ?' said Robert ; pitifully. I 'Ay, most, sir. Mrs. Scott down stairs ; comes up at whiles and sees after me, and ! she gets me up at tea.' I ' ' You will like that ?' said Robert. ! 'Yes, it's a great mercy, sir.' _ ! 'And you would like something nice for j your tea to-day, wouldn't you?' went on ! Robert smiling. { The old woman smiled too, and Robert put his hand into his pocket. ' Here's a sovereign for you,' he said, 'so you can get what you like ; and by-and-bye I am sure that this young lady will come and j see you ajjain.' 'Yes, indeed,' said Annabel quickly. ; The poor old creature was almost speechless j with gratitude. | ''The Lord reward you, sir!' she cried. 'Ye have indeed helped the helpless. And who's this bonnie lassie ?' she ?went on, looking at Annabel. 'Why, she's just an au^el's face.' ' I think so too,' said Robert, and he smiled j again. J 'My old eyes haven't seen the like for { years,' said the poor creature, still staring at j AnnabeL 'She's like a bonny flower; and j you, sir — are you her husband?' 'No, no,' said Annabel quicldy, blushing- j all over her face. ' Yell be sweethearts, then ?' continued the crone. 'Ay, hinny, I had a sweetheart once, j and was bonny too, but salt tears have washed j it all away.' 'You see, Annabel, don't be vain,7' said | Robert. 'But now I want to leave you a j little bit more comfortable, Mrs. Latimer,' lie ? went on. 'There's tinother woman in the ? house you say ; where is she ?' j 'In the room below, sir; she would speak j to you at the door.' I An untidy woman had admitted them, and j Robert went out and presently held parley j with her, and by-and-bye she came shuffling j into the room with a scuttle of coals, and began to light the fire. j ' Now, mind that you have a nice tea,' said I Robert, 'and this day week Miss Annabel Lse will come and see you again.' 'God reward you, sir — God bless you,' she answered, trying to lift her rheumatic hands, eveiy finger of which was deformed and twisted. 'I haven't long now to bide on earth, but as long as I do bide I'll pray for ye both.' 'Thank you.' said Annabel softly, and she touched the poor hands again. ' I will bring you something nice to-morrow,' she went on — ' something from home.' ' It's done my old eyes good to look on ye,' said the poor creature. ' Ay, sir, you've got a sweet lass, if ever there was one.' 'You'll make her vain, Mrs. Latimer,' re plied Robert, with a laugh. 'Come, Anna bel, we must go now ; and so good morning to you' — and he nodded his head kindly, and they went down the worn and uneven staircase together. Annabel did not speak till they got out of Line-street ; not till Robert said to her — 'You and I are not. so badly off, are we Annabel, after all?' '? Oh, Robert,' answered Annabel (she had never called him by his name before), and her eyes were full of tears, ' I had no idea of the ? misery — none of the sufferings of the poor.' Robert turned round and looked at her flushed face and moistened eyes. 'We can give a little pleasure yet, you see,' he said, gently. ' You will go and see her sometimes, won't you, Annabel ?' ' Yes, yes, indeed.' 'Make her old dreary life a bit brighter, won't you child ?:l he went on. ' You might take her a flower now and then that would please her.' 'I am so glad that you took me.' 'And I am so glad that you went,' answered Robert. Chaptee yync. — Aunt Jemima and Robert. Robert Vere brought the handkerchiefs that he had promised the same afternoon to Red House, and when he was there Mr. Lee came into the room and renewed his acquaintance with him. He_ was glad, in fact, to see him aud hear of his visits to Annabel, for he was pleased that his ' bonny lass,' as he called her, should be admired and noticed, and proud that a man in the position of Mr. Vere should come fami liarly to the house. So after a little conversation he invited him to stay to dinner, and Robert, after apologising for his morning dress, accepted the invitation. Poor Aunt Jemima was coming1 to dinner the same day, and when she arrived about seven o'clock, dressed in one of her shabbiest old flimsy black silks, for she expected no com pany, she nearly fainted when' she heard that she was going to dine with an honorable. 'I can't really, my dear Johnny,' she said, in a state of great excitement, 'sit down as I am,' and she looked at her faded short little skirt in dismay. ' Just wait half an hour, and j I'll slip down and change it.' I 'My good soul, he'll never look at you,' ! said Johnny, with more truth than politeness, j who was engaged at that moment in decanting . some of his mother's best port, which he did | not like to entrust to Bessie's skill, for he also ' was anxious to make a good appearance before ? Mr. Vere. . j Jemima, however, could not rest as she was. j She trotted vrith her little feet up to Annabel's room, where she was dressing for dinner, and fluttering still at the pi-ospect before her, '. begged the loan of a ribbon or sometliiug 'to , brighten me up a little,' as she expressed it. { ' Why, Aunt Jimmy, you want to make a ' conquest of Mr. Vere, I declare,' said Annabel good-temperedly, and then to please ? her she lent the old lady her best black silk j skirt, and some other little adornments, so ! that when Jemima entered the drawing-room , where Mr. Vere. was sitting contentedly ! reading the newspaper Jemima felt herself '. proper company for an honorable or any one j else. j 'Such a pleasure for us to see you in Sail- j ford, Mr. Vere,' twittered Aunt Jemima, ' after the introduction had taken place, 'the nephew of our excellent — I may say friend. Yes, Mr. Vere — the rector, I mean — is not above being called the friend of his humblest j parishioner. Such a Christian spirit ! An ex cellent man, Mr. Vere F ' My uncle ought to be flattered if all you ladies think so much of him,' answered Robert, with a laugh. 'Oh, indeed we do!' went on Jemima, 'so benevolent, so truly pious. Yes, Mr. Vere, to know our rector, sinaply to know him, is a great privilege.' ' I wish I were the rector,' said Robert. 'Oh, but,' answered the simple Jemima, ' don't misunderstand me. I don't wish to make any comparisons — oh, no ! of course not. I mean simply — that, of course ? ' 'You admire the rector, that's it, isn't it, Miss Lee?' said Robert. 'Well, quite right, he's a dear old boy.' Jemima's color absolutely faded. ' ' Dear old boy ' applied to the dignified Hon. aud Rev. Charles V ere — it seemed almost like sacrilege for a moment to Jemima's ears. Then she remembered that Mr. Robert Vere was his nephew. ' And my poor boys were never very respectful in their way of speaking to me,' thought kind Jemima, with a sigh, 'though always so affectionate. Yes; I suppose in families ? ' And so Aunt Jemima forgave Mr. Robert Vere even for calling her favorite rector 'a dear old boy.' After this Jemima and Eohert Vere got oil famously. Robert liked her simple nature, and then it comes very easily to men somehow to like the relations of a pretty girl that they admire. So when it was time for Robert to leave he asked Jemima if he might escort her home first, and Jemima blushed all over her faded old skin with delight at the request. 'How good! how considerate lie is !'' she said to Annabel as she was enveloping her thin ! little form in various queer wraps before taking' ' her departure. 'Quite the gentleman. Ah, I Annabel, it is easy to tell one.' j 'Well, don't flirt with liim too much in j going home, Aunt Jemima, or it won't be proper,', said Annabel as she kissed her.; and j when Robert offered her .jiis arm Jemima i thought that the delights of the evening were j complete. ~ . j How she twittered and chattered to him ! She had heard about his connection with Mrs. Wykeman, and made many enquiries about 'that excellent lady.' Robert, however, en couraged her to talk about Annabel, and Jemima was diffuse on this subject also. 'The dear child,' she said, 'we have been uneasy about her lately, she has been looking so pale and thin. She took Miss Ada Jer ningham's early death to heart very much I fear, for she has such a tender little heart, and she's never been the same girl since that sad event.' 'I hope soon to see her better,' said Robert. 'Oh yes, no doubt ; but its a shock, a great shock to lose a beloved friend. Do you know my other niece, Sarah— Mrs. Fraser? The colonel is a fine, tall man.' 'Very,' answered Robert drily; and then, after some further conversation of the same stamp, Robert safely deposited Miss Jemima at her landlady's door in Front-street. ' I've had a gentleman to escort me home, Mrs. Peeks,' said Jemima, with simple elation, when she got inside, 'such a de lightful gentleman ! The Honorable Mr. Robert Vere, the second son of Lord Upton, and_ the nephew of the rector. He has been dining with my nephew at Red House, and walked down with me.' 'Oh ! indeed, ma'am,' said Mrs. Peeks. 'I was afraid I was not quite dressed enough for the occasion,' went on Jemima ; 'but he is a most quiet, unostentatious gen tleman — quite a gentleman, in fact — but then one expects that.' And Jemima smiled and put on an air of intimate acquaintance with titled personages. **Fm sure Miss Jemima's getting that high in her talk,' said Mrs. Peeks to hert neighbor, Mrs. Blacker, when 6he retired fctp; her parlor. 'You see since Colonel JTraser jnarried Mies Sarah — »' : i ' Some folks are easily uplifted,' answered the neighbor, tossing her head. 'Much Miss j Sarah would have seen of Colonel Fraser if it hadn't been for the old lady's money. I was in church to see them wed, and if ever a man v.'ore a frown on his face he did that day. Depend on't, it was only the money.' 'Colonel Fraser isn't the only man who married for money, Mrs. Blacker,' said Mrs. Peeks, who felt herself called upon to defend the family connections of her lodger ; and as Mrs. Blacker's present spouse had been formerly a man in her late spouse's grocer's shop, Blacker was generally supposed in the town to have done very much the same thing that Colonel Fraser had done. ' I didn't say he was, Mrs. Peeks,' replied Mrs. Blacker tartly, for she understood the allusion, and she rose up shortly afterwards and took her leave, Mrs. Peeks feeling- that she had had the belt of it in this friendly encounter. Chapter XXX.— A PuorosAL. Margaret Wilson, the poor laundress's daughter, came the next day to Red House for Robert Vere's handkerchiefs, and she and Annabel had a little conversation. Annabel felt particularly int rested in her because Robert had told her what his uncle, the rector, had said about the girl being threatened with consumption, and her appearance also re minded her somewhat painfully of poor Ada Jerningham. '* I want a few things made,' said Annabel to her, ' and I've been thinking it might be a change of air for you to make them here' (for she remembered the steamy atmosphere of the laundress's room) ; ' would you like that?' ' Oil, miss !' said the girL and she gave one glance, just one, at her shabby clothes, which delicate intimation Annabel instantly under stood. 'Don't be afraid about your dress,' she said kindly. ' I will give you one or two old ones, and I am sure that to work here will do you good ; besides, you will have the walk up.' Margaret was very grateful about this, and the next time tliat Robert Vere called Anna bel told him shyly what she had done. 'She is sitting working upstairs now,' said Anna bel, perhaps with a little pride in giving this information. Robert Vere looked very pleased. ' And the old woman, AnnabeL' he said. 'I was there yesterday,' she answered, ' and I took her some little things — things to eat, you know ; and, oh yes, some flowers, because you said you thought she would like them.' . Robert felt an almost irresistible wish to take Annabel in his arms and kiss her as she said this, but he conquered the temptation and turned away. 'I would frighten and confuse the child,' he thought, 'by way of showing my grati tude. No ; I have no right to do that yet.' But he felt very fond of her, and the image of the beautiful half cousin who had jilted him grew very indistinct in his mind after this visit to Sallford. Lady Morgan had believed that Robert would never forget her, and that he would always love her, in spite of her con duct ; but such a belief is a very vain and foolish one for any woman to indulge in. Sometimes a woman's love does survive through neglect and inconstancy; a man's rarely, if ever. Robert Vere had felt his cousin's loss very bitterly, but now the sting had gone out of the wound, and he knew that he could be a happy man once more. ' She will learn to love me,' he said to him self hopefully, before he left Sallford, and his visit there had certainly made Annabel's life seem a little brighter and fuller than before. ' I have left you plenty to do, haven't I ?' he said to her smilingly, the day before he took his departure. ' I have made you my almoner, and a prettier little one no abbot of old ever possessed.' 'Why, Mr. Vere, you are growing compli mentary, I declare,' answered Annabel, smil ing also, and blushing too. 'I always was,' said Robert, 'when I had the opportunity,' and he took her hand. ' Will you write to me ?' he went on, ' and tell me all the gossip and all the daily news of the place? I like Sallford, and should like to hear about you all.' ' If you wish it,' said Annabel coyly, and she would have drawn her little fluttering hand out of his. j ' I do wish it,' answered Robert, holding it ; tighter. ' Tell me about Aunt Jemima and I Bessie — tell me about every one, in fact.' | A woman always knows when a man likes ! her, and Annabel felt nervous and shy with j Robert during tills last interview. She was ! afraid, in fact, that he was going to ask her to i marry him again ; but Robert had not the least intention of doing such a thing at present. 'A woman like Annabel does not change ; her, lover like her gloves,' he had decided, j ' I will give her time to learn to like me — she j would shrink from the idea of any engagement ; now.' I So Robert went away with the simple hand- ; shake, but he left Annabel, as he had said, '? with plenty to do. He left her ten pounds also, which she was 'to give away at her discretion, and she naturally felt very anxious to dispose of this money to the best advantage. 'The Lord has sent them indeed that day,' poor old bedridden Mrs. Latimer often would j say when Annabel's sweet face used to brighten | her dreary room. It was like an angel's visit to her ; and Annabel, as she looked at the crippled form, the wrinkled skin and sunken eyes, and remembered her own good gifts of youth and beauty, began to tell herself that some lives were even sadder than hers. She was pleased, too, to do a little good. Robert Vere had touched the right string in this tender, stricken heart when he awoke it to the sound of others' woes. Perhaps the old woman's prayers were answered ; perhaps the blessings of the widow and the orphan were heard. ; but to a certain extent, at least, Annabel grew a little happier as time went on after his visit, and some of the old bright bloom stole back into her beautiful cheeks. Robert Vere wrote to her, and she answered : his letters. He called, too, on her sister, Mrs. Fraser, who was now settled at Number j Twenty-five, Eaglestone-square, when he re- j turned to town, because he thought that it might seem as if he knew more than he wished to appear to know if he did not, and for Annabel's sake, and every one's sake, it was better to seem perfectly unconscious of the past. He saw Sarah, now Mrs. Fraser, and he left her drawing-room with really a sincere feeling of pity for the colonel in his heart. Sarah was sitting very magnificently dressed when he was us-hered in, and she received him with a certain uneasy ill-bred assurance, wlrich was anything but becoming, and evidently wished to impress upon him the full extent of her new glories. 'I've iiad so many visitors to-day,' she said affectedly, ' though so few people, of course, are in town. Lady Byng called, but then she's such a very old friend of the Fraser family ; and, let me see, Lady Wing-field and Mrs. Moore,' and so on, running through a list of names, of course all very uninteresting to Robert Vere. ' You must have been quite overwhelmed,' said Robert. 'Oh, no ! — of course I expect to receive a good many people now.' 'You will find it very different to Sallford.' 'Oh, dreadful place. Do not mention it, pray,' said Sarah. ' How any one lives there.' 'I have been staying there lately for pleasure.' 'You don't mean it? And did you see Annabel and papa ?' ' I saw them very often.' ' How strange ! I had a letter from Annabel this morning, and she never mentioned you. We were thinking of asking Annabel up here for a week or so.' Just at that moment Colonet Fraser called from the door of the inner drawing-room, not knowing that any one was present but his wife. ' Sarah,' lie said, ' my mother is here, and wishes to speak to you.' 'What does she want?' answered Sarah, calmly and coldly. And these few words told Robert the whole history of the household. No wife-like love here — no fond eagerness to obey her husband's bidding. Colonel Fraser had married for money, and he had got it, but he had not got much else besides. Probably this was his own fault. Sarah was not a fool, and perhaps had seen, though she knew very little about it, that her husband's love-makinc. even from the first, was often a dreary task. How dreary as weeks wore on only Marthi Fraser knew. Yet he had not meant this to be so, and had married her, or at least engaged himself to her, with a sincere hope and desire to make her happy. He cared nothing about her, he told himself, but he would learn to care. Tliis was a terrible delusion. Sarah as a girl— a fluttered, nattered girl — was endurable to a man like Colonel Fraser, w ho liked nearly all women to a certain extent. Sarah as a wife — neither fluttered nor flattered, but cold, hard, and often vulgar — became very soon to Colouel Fraser one of the few women that he could not endure. He tried, however, honestly not to show this, tried to bear with some things that he would have been more impatient under if he had felt any affection for her. One of these was her treatment of his mother. Colonel Fraser had naturally thought that she would continue to live with him, as he was her only child, but before they had returned from abroad Sarah had shown her determination on this point, 'Why does your mother stay on in Eagle stone- square, Martin ?' she said, when it had been settled for them to return there.' ' Why ? Because it's her home, of course,' answered Colonel Fraser. ' I thought it was to be ours,' said Sarah, 'And hers as well, surely?' 'I will never enter it as long as your mother is there,' said Sarah calmly; 'I have ssen quite enough of the interference of mothersin law to know that it would never do.' CoJonel Fraser bit his lips and frowned. He felt very angry, and had he loved Sarah he would have told her so ; as he did not he said very little about it. ? 'Settle it between yourselves,' he answered j indifferently and carelessly. And Sarah did | settle it, for she made her proud mother-in-law j understand in very few words that she had i better go away. But not the less did Colonel Fraser resent i this because he said nothing about it. His | mother had a small independent income, and ? she engaged rooms when she was in town, for j she could not afford housekeeping alone ; and j to do her justice, she made no complaint of his | wife to her son. She, too, knew why he had married her, and was careful therefore not to widen any breach between them. She affected even not to notice Sarah's manner, but came occasionally to see her, and one of these visits happened to be paid during the time that Robert Vere was there. ' What does she want?' said Sarah coldly. Colonel Fraser came forward from the inner drawing-room to the front, with a very dark frown on his brow, as Sarah said this. 'Sarah ? 'lie began, and then he paused, for he then saw that Robert Vere was present. ' Mr. Vere,' he said courteously, and ad vanced with outstretched hand. Robert rose, and the men exchanged greet ings, and Robert was sorry for him as he did so. 'He has hung a millstone round his neck,' he said to himself a few minutes afterwards, as he left the house. 'A wife, who should be the comfort, the helpmate, the consoler, to speak to her husband thus ! Good heavens ! then let me remain a bachelor to the end !' In spite, however, of Ms determination to remain a bachelor, he went the same afternoon to Kensington to call on his friend Mrs. Wyke man, perhaps with some idea of asking her opinion of the difference in character between her two old pupils, Annabel and Sarah Lee. He found that lady with traces of agitation and nervousness in her_ap])earance very unusual to her. This day had in fact been one of great excitement to her, and collected as Mrs. Wykeman was in general she seemed any thing but collected when Robert's name was announced. For some little time before this she had become very uncertain — nay. very certain as to Colonel Jerningham's intentions, or rather his want of matrimonial intentions. In vain had she sympathised, in vain consoled. ' He does not even understand me,' she used to think despondingly ; but she was a woman who never gave anything up that she had once resolved on. '1 will try — an opportunity may occur,' determined the resolute widow, and the opportunity had occurred only a short time before Robert had arrived. The girls' dinner-hour was two o'clock at Meriton House, and Mrs. Wykeman had not yet risen from the table when Colonel Jerning ham's card was placed in her hand. It was such an unusual hour for a visit that Mrs. Wykeman concluded that something unusual must haye occurred, and rising quickly went to the looking-glass over the mantelpiece first to see if everything was right in her ap pearance. There was no fault to be seen. Mrs. Wyke man was a handsome woman still, and knew exactly what to wear and what to avoid. She dressed to suit herself, and not the dressmaker. Nothing incongruous, in fact, was ever seen about her, and the well-fitting costume that she wore showed her fine figure to every ad vantage. So with a slight flutter at her heart she went upstairs and into the drawing-room, where she found the tall, grey-haired colonel leaning on the window-sill, §azing somewhatdisconsolately 'out. He was thinking of his 'little girl,' of the letters that he used to write here, of the fond hope of home and happiness that had filled his heart so long, and which had been realised for so very brief a time. He looked round as the schoolmistress entered, and held out his hand. 'Well,' he said, with his grave, sad smile, 'I have come to say good- bye.' 'Good-bye!' echoed Mrs. Wykeman, and her face flushed and then jjrew pale. 'Yes,' he answered, 'it is all but settled. A man that I know wilL I expect, take the house and furniture in Eaglestone-square off my hands, and I have been offered an appointment in Tndin, and start next week. I have nothing in England now.' Mrs. Wykeman did not speak — she actually could not speak for a moment, she felt so much disappointed. ' I could not leave, of course, without coining to say good-bye to you,' went on the coloneL ' I shall never forget your kindness to me — and to my little girl.' His voice faltered as he said the last few . words, and his eyes fell, but the next minute he looked up in surprise, for a choking sob had burst from Mrs. Wykeman's lips. ' My dear Mrs. Wykeman.' he said. 'Oh! don't, don't go,' sobbed the widow; 'don't leave England.' 'But why?' asked Colonel Jerningham. ' I am solonely — you are my only friend,' con tinued Sirs. AVykeman, covering her face, but holding- out her hand, which Colonel Jerning ham took. ' Oli ! let me think that I have some one — some friend at least iu the world.' Colonel Jerniagliam was deeply moved. ' My dear lady ? ' he began, and then he paused, for he did not know how to proceed. ' I know that I should not act thus,' wept Mrs. Wykeman. ' I know that I am behav ing like a foolish girl— instead of — of — a wo man. But it has been such a pleasure to me — such a comfort — your society — and I cannot bear to lose you.' ' My dear lady,' again repeated thecoionel. He was the most guileless of men, and to give anyone pain — any women — was an impossibility to him, but he really did not know what to say to comfort her, 'Oh ! stay,' whispered Mrs. Wykeman, and she pressed his hand. As she did so the colonel blushed, absolutely blushed. ' If I thought ? ' he began. ' Oh ! it would make me so happy,' sighed Mrs. Wykeman, and the colonel felt, as a man of honor aud a gentleman, that he was now forced to speak. ' If — if 1 believed that you cared for me ? ' he hesitated. ' I do,' murmured Mrs. Wykeman, and she fell on his breast, and after that what could the poor man do 'i Kothing, Colonel Jerningham felt, but leave her there, and we may be sure that his destiny was settled in a very few minutes after he had given way to this weakness. When, in fact, Mrs. Wykeman raised her head from that brave and simple bosom she was engaged to be his wife — she had told him how she had cared for him long, how she had loved his child for his sake, and how she was now the happiest woman upon earth. The colonel sighed and kissed her. ' If she were happy,' he thought, 'that was every thing, God bless her for loving him so dearly;' and he promised himself to be a faithful hus band to her, and to shield her from every trouble and ill. He had not been gone more than an hour when Robert Vere arrived at Meriton House and therefore Mrs. Wykeham's agitation was easily accounted for. She talked for a little while so nervously and so vaguely on general subjects that Robert wondered what was the matter with her, and then she said — 'Mr. Robert, I've some news for you.' In a moment Robert Vere guessed what it was. ' You are going to marry Colonel Jerning ham,' he said. ' Well, there could not be a better match for both.' ' I am glad that you think that,' answered the widow. 'So you have settled it?' said Robert, with rather a comical smile. He had seen the colonel only yesterday, and yesterday the colonel had told him he was going to India ; that he had arranged about his house— in fact, he had no nioreiaea of marrying again yester day than he had of taking a journey to the moon. 'But if 'a woman will or won't, depend on't— if she will do't, she will, and there's an end on't,' ' hummed Robert, as he left Meri ton House. ' Well, he is a good fellow— and I believe, yes really believe, that she will make him a good wife. ' Mrs. Wykeman did not waste any time after she had secured*her colonel. The Christmas holidays were close at hand, and before Christmas Mrs. Wykeman had disposed of her school ; had bought her trosseau, and the early ? weeks of the new year found her settled in the luxurious drawing-room in Eaglestone-square, which had been furnished for poor Ada Jerning ham so short a time ago. Robert Vere went to see her there, and was highly amused at the change in her manner even to himself. Twenty-three years ago she had gone into his father's house as a nursery governess, and had never given a very clear account of her birth and parentage. Then followed the episode of her saving- Robert's own life, and from that time she was naturally held in some esteem by the family. Her first marriage had been unfortunate, but now she was the wife of a colonel ; the mistress of an elegant house ; and it must be admitted that she had both her colonel and her house in admirable order. She received Robert most graciously. True, she had always received him graciously, but now she mingled with the old familiarity a new familiarity, which was highly entertaining to him. Formerly he had always been 'Mr. Robert,' the son of her high-born patron, and to be treated therefore with respect as well as intimacy. Now she was Mrs. Jerningham, his social equal, she considered, and she pLiyf ully called him once or twice 'Robert' in this first interview after her marriage, and altogether permitted him to perceive that she looked upon herself now in a different position of life. ' I had my neighbor, young Mrs. Fraser, calling on me yesterday,' she informed Robert Vere. 'She is improved in appearance, I think. I enquired after the other sister — Annabel, the one that you admire-^-and Mrs. Fraser told me that she had invited her to cpihe iip and stay with her for a week or two, but that Annabel had made some excuse. ' 1 ' ' Veiy likely, 'answered Robert laconically. 'Something about parish work or other, Ah, Robert that looks suspicious, ' and the bride shook her head. ' When young ladies begin to talk of visiting the poor I always suspect there's a curate in the way.' 'I don't think that there is in Miss Lee's case,' said Robert, rather abruptly ; ' perhaps she has other reasons for not visiting Mrs. Fraser.' 'But why?' asked Mrs. Jerningham. ' The colonel said something to me about asking her here — but really I don't feel inclined so soon to begin chaperoning young ladies !' and Mrs. Jerningham shrugged her well - formed shoulders. Robert gave rather a grim Rmile at this. 'I thought that you were so fond of Annabel,' he said. 'So I am,' she answered ; 'I like all nice girls.' ' Then why not ask her ?' ''Eut why should I ask her?'' replied the bride, with a slight elevation of her eve-brows ; and Robert Vere had never felt so umch dis gusted with his old governess as he did at that minute. ' The cloven foot,' he thought, contsm tuously enough. ' I knew that she always hid it beneath her elegant skirts, and now 1 sup pose that she thinks herself grand enough to let it peep out.' ' You must dine with us,' said Mrs. Jern ingham, resuming her old graciousness, which for a moment she bad dropped under Robert's persistency about Annabel. ' You are very good,' replied Robert. ' I will invite the Fraser.s to meet you — the colonel at least' (and Mrs. J erningham smiled) 'is very socd style.' 'Very,' said Robert, more grimly stilL ' Of course the poor little thing — well, it was money, Mr. Robert — money, that great ! mover of all human actions.' j 'I suppose so.' j ' Oh, of course it was ! Imagine a man in the position of Colonel Fraser marrying a girl like Sarah Lee for anything else !' 'Yet men in as good a position as Colonel Fraser have married quite as much beneath them,'anFweied Robert, 'when there could be no question of money in the matter.' 'Perhaps so,' said Mrs Jerningham, and for a moment she felt abashed at the rebuke. The next she recovered herself. s ' Youmusttell Millicent,' she said (Millicenfc ! was Robert Vere's eldest sister, and was married to a baronet), 'that I am expecting her daily ! to come and see me. I long for her to knoiv ! Colonel Jerningham.' i Lady Berners had always been very land to her old governess, Mrs. Wykeman — that is, she used to send her baskets of fruit and ; baskets of flowers from her villa by the Thames, i and the next time that Robert went to see her I she asked him after the bride. i 'And how does Wykeman get on with her new husband?' she said. ' Poor Wykeman ! ' I must call and see her.' ' Poor Wykeman !' answered Robert, laugh ing ; ' poor Miilicent, you mean. My dear, she'll patronise you when you go, at least she certainly patronised me.' ' Is she so absurd !' said Lady Berners. ' She's perfectly absurd,' answered Robert. 'She calls you Millicent and me Robert. I have no doubt that she has confided to the colonel that we are near relations.' ' No? — what sort of man is he?' 'The best of men— the kindest and most guileless.' 'Well, I hope that she'll be good to him.' ' Oh, I believe she will — she's too wise not to be always dressed in her very best manners when he is by.' 'Why, Robert, how satirical you are! I thought that Wykeman and you were such great allies.' ' So we are — we only see each other's faults as friends do,' answered Robert goodtem pc-redly ; and he was quite right in telling- his sister that Mrs. Jerningham would always wear her best manners for her husband. For years she had affected to be what she was not. For years she had been a governess, for years a schoolmistress, and shehad always acted the character that she knew was expected and thought most proper for these vocations. Ladies in general do not like a governess whose opinions are too decided, but prefer a lady like adoption of their own, and Mrs. Wyke man had always tried to adopt and to please. She had flattered Lady Upton ; flattered the Hon. Misses Vere ; and flattered all the parents and guardians in turn who had committed their children to her charge. Her school had succeeded ; in fact, she had always succeeded ; but the real Mrs. Wyke man had never appeared. The Mrs. Wyke man presented to the world was the most lady like, feminine person imaginable. She loved pictures, and flowers, and needlework ; and she was charitable — at least to charities seen of men, and no unkind word was ever heard issuing from her lips. This was the Mrs. Wykeman whom Colonel Jerningham had married, and this was the Mrs. Wykeman that she always continued to be in his eyes. The real Mrs. Wykeman, 'known only to her Maker' was very dif feient, but she had at least the tact and good taste to act for her husband as she had so long acted for the world. He never saw through the 'double gift,' as Robert Vere called it ; never suspected that the woman who lay on his bosom was not as guileless and honest as himself. He had not loved her when he married her, for he thought that his heart lay buried in the grave of nis ' little girl,' but he learned to love her as time went on. She brightened his life, and was ever tender and considerate to him. Good heavens ! She who had had to toady to inso lent, wealthy upstarts ; to haughty, high-born dames, ?who deemed a woman working for her daily bread of a different nature to them selves, and who had questioned her, and scrutinised her, and talked to her as if she had no feelings and no pride, might well try to win and keep her gentle colonel ! Because she had been a schoolmistress and poor he was only the more chivalrous and devoted in his attentions to her, and never by word or deed did he remind her that he had stooped when he gave her his home and his name. He be lieved that she had loved him, and a good woman's love he thought worthy of all sacrifice and all honor ; and in his eyes she was a good woman, and so he loved her and honored her all the days of his life. It was a happy marriage. Robert Vere had prophesied that it would be, and though he sometimes got into a rage when he saw how utterly the colonel believed in his wife, he still was heartily glad for both their sakes that they get on so well together. 'You are a lucky woman, a very lucky woman,' he one day said emphatically to Mrs. I Jerningham, and Mrs. Jerningham smilingly agreed with hi™. And the colonel is a lucky man, I hope you think ?' she answered gaily. 'Yes,' said Robert, and he laughed ; ' yes, the colonel is a lucky man, for he believes in his wife ;' and Mrs. Jerningham never saw the satire, and was perfectly satisfied with Robert's opinion. (To be continued.) 