ENGLAND'S INTEREST IN THE FRENCH ELECTIONS. (St. James's Gazette.) October 7. THE election of Sunday last are a lesson to Radical dreamers and schemers, by Con- servatism in general ;. or perhaps we should say by a widespread but undefined and complex fear of the future and a preference for the status quo over any other condition. But there is in these elections one point which concerns ourselves and which we Englishmen do not sufficiently mark: the so-called Colonial Policy. Now, what is this famous colonial policy? To answer that you must go back to the origin of the thing — to its first cause. Do that and you will find that French colonial policy was invented as an escape from " La Revanche." Broadly -speaking, from the hour -V/ben , every ¡bowigtoio lind to bear arms «only a ' noisy few carod for " La Revanche"- any longer. Bût'Prance waa not to be told tin's openäty. Above all, Gambetta was «et the mau to toll ' it _ her ; indeed, 4io was the last .mun to find it out. '-Gam- betta was Mired up in essentially -obsolete notions of ' the invincibility of ¡'TYanco and of .her"'heroic qualities, He was on that head "more imbued with Npgojennic AUSTRALASIAN STEAM NAVT 0ATION COMPANY Intend despatching their Steamers to the under- mentioned Ports as follow :-_ Bromn _ - Cintra Friday, 3 p.m. Ditto _ .. Eurimbla Saturday, noon. Ditto .. .. Gunga Monday. MELBOURNE _ Cintra Friday, 3 p.m. UCLUUIU ._ - - otr^'^ca-i' ne did much,) was done from his old-world beliefs -beliefs which he shared -with every ¡jrognarf/ of the old Gr.uide Armée, and according to which Waterloo 'Was an un- lucky accident. In this spirit he acted throughout tho whole campaign, and he went .from surprise to surprise when he was forc*d to admit that there carno no re- sponse from the country. But then, where was the .'Prance be believed in as Louis Napoleon did not 1 If the french were not warlike, but longed for money and enjoy- ment with a quiet liff», in the name of his future Bule what was he to conjuro with 1 During the first uneasy years of the Re- public Gambetta was exceedingly disturbed, for he found nothing of the Prance that had overrun Europe. However, monarchical squabblea and home di-senaions of allsorts filled up'the time till the Exhibition of 1878 and theTreaty of Berlin introduced theneces sity for lOortain international relations, and the word '" Revanche " became a dangerous anacluvxakru. What was to be clone ? What was to replace " la gloire militaire ?" Then it »was that tho intriguers who sur- rounded Gambetta invented "la politique coloniale" .and " l'armée coloniale," and ex- pounded their views to their chief, who at first did ml take them in. But his entourage was wise .enough to give to its somewhat vague " celor.ial " system a positive form that soon ae-ized upon the southern mate- rialist. T«ai¿ ! that signified something ; that was practical ; and the famous .Kroumirs «ftnae.forth upon the stage and were mowa down by the sabres of .French Cuiraasiere, j ¿.anyone will take the tiouble to read soiae twenty or thirty copies of certain journsils'fixim the end of 1880 to the middle or eui . of ¡ the ensuing year (for in- stance, the ¡République Française, the Voltaire, or the dievue Politique), he will see the scaffolding «f what w.as to be the future edifice in process of building. And there .soon carne to Gambetta another embarrassment. With the advent of the Gladstone Government and of his friend Sir diaries Dilke, the great wire- puller of the (khei)) presidency of the Chamber got eiitangled .in tlio English alliance, or what was so-called. But how was a grand colonial policy to be combined with a happy ainderstanding between Downing-street and the*Quai d'Orsay 1 The question became very perplexing. Gambetta was_ forced into power.; .missed his oppor- tunity of governing Jlrance.with, respectable men ; was made a prisoner by his own Radical "tail ;" drifted into.avery-confusion that can be imagined ; failed in -setting np the scrutin de liste, which wasito make him supreme j and was deposed hy universal consent. Freycinet succeeded diim ; and we know the rest. His first act was the re- fusal to join us in the Egyptian,expedition ; for with M. de Freycinet began the reality of the "colonial policy" without the em- barrassments of the English alliance. One of the first moves was .one that did not altogether escape notice at the time. A1 mission wa3 quietly despatched to Siam, and the project of the famous Isthmus of .Era was demised. M. de Lessees was just then emerging hot from his .ridiculous struggle agaioat the British troops in Egypt. \Who but the ''grand Français" should be .«the future Lca-4 of Krà? The .King of Siam was made to telegraph to i'aris that the " ieähmus-cutter" he desired w£3_ he of tho famous Canal. The particular scheme fell through ; b«t the .trab wag laid, a»£ the fuze, half-lighted, has gone on sniouidering ever since. The origin of what haß Siccome the " Tong-king question" dates froo:, the summer of 1SS2, and is¿o be traced to ¿1. de Freycinet. At his faü Jules Ferry appeared as Prime Minister; and then the.colonial policy took sin indivKJuaality it bs£,never had yet, and , "boldly inflated filibuotsrring crusades ou ¡many lande, and peoples of,the Far East, all .of which ware intended to¡pi-ocure victories ifor the ¡importai tricolors and indirect »humiliation fq-.- perfidious Albion. There was ths route marked -out. How- ever, M. Ferr?' was brutally .overthrown, .and.a new Minia<t-y had to preai¿e over the .gênerai elections, is ow these elections have several half-meanis^?, and generaák/ express s. Conservative feeling. But one tbiiig they do mean positively "ana pointedly. They mean the ,ibandonniecfc of this dawltory cwarming about in th* far East They mean the end of the Csiinese difficulty ; the rest dependa more »poa England than she has yet found out. If the English Government chooses to play into the hands of the French Government, it would not be impossible perhaps to exchange the idea of Tong-king for that of Burmah. There would be something to be proud of ; a footing in India, a check to British supre- macy only less brilliant than that inflicted by the Czar. That might really be worth a sacrifice. And they are creeping onward Upon the Wael. M. de Freycinet^ agents * «ve persistently busy in those regions. Bi'.'c I .if to ftcse operations in and upon Buvrrjah the Euglish Government says ".'¡Jo " politely but firmly-a genuine Mo that will always be No-the whola '.plot will collapse. The meaning of the elecSt&ms; is not a recurrent hankering for Um English alliance -anything but that, for "we are cordially hated in "France ; it is a y^otestation against the " colonial policy " 'of M. Ferry, and against the prolonged rule of the Oppor- , tunists under the costmand of Gambetta's ¡ ghost. i If Lord Salisbury understands tbo situation, wo ;sWl retrieve our proper position vis-à-Vk to Franco with a swig!« well-worded despatch. 