(Dn (Ehttvdi €atlio.lmtt). (By the Ven. Archdeacon Cooper.) On Wednesday, dth March, the Vcn. Archdeacon Cooper preached the following 'sermon on 'Church Catholicity' in Christ Church Pro-Cathedral before the Assembly:— .-;'.. Luke ix 49, 50.— And John answered and said, Master, we saw one casting out devils in Thy name ; and we forbad him, because he followeth not with us. Ami Jesus said unto him. Forbid him not : for he that is not against us is for us. Remembering the humiliating scene at the foot of the Mount of Trans figuration, have we here an exhibition of peevish jealousy on the part of the apostles? A man who did not symbolise with them, who was not associated with them in following the Master, is successful where they have recently failed. And whether it were jealousy or mistaken zeal for their Master which prompted their action, we cannot fail to see indications of a narrow-minded, intolerant spirit, which seeks its own euds rather than Christ's glory, and which is quite foreign to tbat catholicity, the meaning and importance of which we are invited to consider. I do not forget what appears to be the opposite of our Lord s reply to the disciples, 'He that is not with Me is against Me' (Matt. xii. 30)- but waiving the distinction which some see in the use of the singular in St. Matthew and the plural in our text, I think the prin ciple laid down by Dr. Morisoh is a satisfactory reconcilement of the apparent opposition—' When in applied morals we sit in judgment on ourselves we should, in. ordinary circumstances, apply the law obversely and stringently, ' He who is not with Christ is against Him ' But when we are sitting in judgment upon others, into whose hearts we cannot look directly, we should, in ordinary circum stances, apply the law reversely and generously, 'He that is not against Christ is for Him.1 ' To act upon this principle would tend to foster the spirit of catholicity, for what is that but a belief in the possibility of unity without, uniformity ? And though our subject seems to be limited by the word Church— used here, I apprehend, for Church of England— yet this principle should guide us in our atti tude towards them that are without, as well as in our estimate ot the Christianity of those within the Church who do not see eye to eye with us 'in all things. Weighty and worthy of reproduction are the words of Lord Bacon in his essay ';Of Unity in Religion :— '-Men ouo-ht to take heed of rending God's Church, by two kinds of contro versies ? the one is, when the matter of the point controverted is too small and light, nor worth the heat and strife about it, kindled only bv contradiction ; for, as it is noted by one of the fathers, Christ's coat indeed, had no seam, but the Church's vesture was of divers colours ? whereupon he saitb, - In veste varietas sit, seissura non sit' ('Let there be variety in the robe, but let there be no rent), they be two things, unity and uniformity. The other is, when the matter of the point controverted is great, but it is driven to an over great Biibtility and obscurity, so that it becometh a thing rather in genious than substantial. A man that is of understanding shall sometimes hear ignorant men differ, and know well within himself that those which so differ mean one thing, and yet they themselves would never agree ; and if it comedo to pasa m thao distance of judgment which is between man and man, shall we not think, that God above, that knows.-.the heart, doth. discern that frail men, m some of their contradictions, intend the same thing, and accepteth of both.' Archbishop Whately, in his annotations upon thia essay, uses a homely illustration to show that variations in ceremonies and Church regulations respecting matters not essential, far from break ing the bond of unity, are the best preservatives of it. ' A number of neighbouring families, living in perfect unity, will be thrown into discord as soon as you compel them to form one family, and to observe in things intrinsically indifferent the same rules. One, for instance, likes early hours, and another late ; and one likes the windows open, and another shut ; and thus, by being broughttoo close ' together, they are driven into ill-wind, by one being perpetually forced to give way to another.' The duty of catholicity of spirit seems to be enforced by such con siderations as the following : — 1: The Lord Jesus Christ recognised and approved the good in persons in whom that good was associated with much that was faulty. The faith of the woman who touched the hem of His garment was probably tinged with superstition, yet to her He said, ' Daughter, be of good comfort.' 2\. The existence of different schools in the early Church is mani fested by the proceedings of the Council of Jerusalem, and by the decree of the Council the differences are not censured but tolerated-. Dissension and disputation, faction and insurrection, were disturbing the Church ; and by a wise compromise, one which could be accepted without sacrifice of principle or dignity on either side, the dispute : was settled, and the foundation of religious liberty firmly laid. 3\. It is of infinitely greater importance that the gospel of Christ should be preached than that any party in the Church should triumph by reason of the discomfiture of another. In St. Paul's day there were in the Church at Rome those who preached Christ of factious ness, who thought more of partisanship, and narrow-minded opposi tion to St. Paul, than of the gospel. *' What then ?' he asks, ' only that in every way, whether in pretence or in truth, Christ is pro claimed ; and therein I rejoice, yea, and will rejoice.' As Bishop Barry says in loco: ' Even an imperfect Christianity, with something of narrowness, and perhaps of superstitious formalism, cleaving to it, was as different from the gross heathenism which it superseded as light from darkness.' . i. Different schools of thought may be complementary and not destructive one of the other. Are the evangelical doctrines of the necessity for individual change of heart by the direct agency of the Holy Ghost and the importance of personal vital religion incompatible with the fuller recognition of the Church's work in her corporate capacity, and the fostering qf reverence, order, and beauty in the Church's service which are associated with the High Church school 1 And are these, jointly or severally, inconsistent ?with the scientific principles and more exact methods employed in the study of the Word of God, which we are wont to associate more especially with a third school 1 It were easy to point to extreme men representing each party. We might find in one direction narrowness and Antinomianism, in another sacerdotalism, in another cold intellectuality and indifference ; but, omitting the few who go beyond their brethren in these respects, ib would surely not be difficult to see in each of these divisions the natural complement of the other two. 5\. ' The existence of a succession of parties sweeping the surface, without decomposing the substance of the Church may be used apologetically, as showing its essential unity, ubiquity, and per petuity' (Wharton). Parties owe their existence to reaction from extremes, and different epochs in the Church's history show different parties in the ascend ency. Whether we review the early or Reformation Church we shall find the same characteristics. There is first the dogmatic or creed making age. The exaggeration of the spirit then rife shows itself in a tendency to multiply tests, to fetter individual liberty in things non-essential, and to. endeavour to allay controversy by new defini tions, which only add fuel to the fire they were intended to extinguish. Dogmatising thus becomes a .passion, and though theology is nob responsible for theologians, it must be confessed that an intensely dogmatic age is not conducive to intellectual growth or moral culture. In' this I shall not be misunderstood by those to whom it was my privilege to speak from this place during the last session of our Church Assembly. I then insisted upon the necessity of dogma, and of sound morality, as its legitimate outcome ; and I pointed out the danger of severing the two. They have been severed when dogmas 'have been held in a cold, dry, harsh manner, and so have not affected the heart, or influenced the conduct ; and again, when the reaction has set iu, and the ethicalside of religion, which has been overlooked, , obtains prominence, to the neglect of dogma. We are told of a time \ in the history of our own Church when one might have gone into almost any church in London and not have heard anything that 'might not have been preached by Confucius. And if we needed 'proof of the insufficiency of moral teaching apart from a dogmatic \ basis we should find it in the low tone of morality which pervaded all. classes of society in the eighteenth century. ' Among the poor,' says a writer already quoted, ' were distributed no means of grace ; to them was preached no hope of glory. And. there followed a ; ferment of discontent, of lawlessness, of depravity, which would have, been England's doom had it not been for two causes— first, a secular cause, the uprising of national spirit to repel Napoleonic aggression ; and, secondly, a divine cause, the revival of evangeli calism.' How evangelicalism met the needs of the people I need not relate, nor how, doubtless as a reaction from some of its extremes, the Oxford party was formed. My point here is that successively, as need arose, the batteries of the Church were directed in defence of a position which was in danger through neglect, and by such means equilibrium in both doctrine and practice has been maintained and the essential unity of the Church preserved. By such considerations as these I plead for toleration, for individual restraint and individual forbearance. It is no light thing to ask from men of intense souls, men who have been through the fires, men of encaustic convictions. How much of heaven-born charity, how much of true enlightenment, how much of sound sense \ will be needed ! Luther was a man of strong convictions, yet is singled out by Carlyle as exercising ' a very notable, a very genuine, kind of tolerance. He distinguished between what is essential and what is not. The unessential may go very much as it will. A com plaint comes to him that such and such a reformed preacher will not preach without a cassock. ' Well,' answered Luther, ' what harm will a cassock do the man ? Let him have a cassock ; let him have three if he find benefit in them.' His conduct in the matter of Karl stadt's wild image-breaking, of the Anabaptists, of the peasant's war, show a noble strength very different from spasmodic violence. With sure insight he discriminates what is what. A strong, juBfc man, he speaks forth what is the wise course.' Very different is this from that 'false toleration which seems to think that the ointment of the apothecary is valueless without the fly which causes it to stink.' Truth must be placed even before unity, which would be dearly bought if, for the sake of agreement, all distinctive doctrine were sacri fled, and one's religious belief toned down until colourless; for colourless religion is lifeless. The union to be aimed at must come by fusion rather than by freezing. It is not toleration when, having no settled convictions, we allow others to be as careless as ourselves. The breadth begotten of wisdom and love has no affinity with that which owns indifference as its parent. I may seem to be tightening the reins and restraining the exercise of catholicity when I say that in any particular Church both compre hension and toleration must be limited by the formularies of that Church. There are doubtless those who wish for more doctrinal latitude in our own Church, while others hold that she is tolerant and comprehensive in matters of doctrine, and at the same time one of the most strict and unelastic of all the Churches in its uniformity. I venture to think that a wide margin is given both in doctrine and ritual, and that in a national Church it should be so. If in either respect the Church be not as broad as Christianity — if, in short, she be not truly scriptural — make her so, but let not those who shelter beneath her wing, who have subscribed to her tenets, teach doctrine or ritual contrary thereto. We pride ourselves upon being members of a tolerant Church — let us endeavour to be as tolerant as she is ; but being members of a Church, we cannot be each a law to him self ; we must not do that which is right in our own eyes. But after all the true union within and without the pale of our Church is union with Christ. We do not deny this to many who differ from us; and in view of their membership of Him, and therefore our membership one of another, how almost puerile is this talk about comprehension and toleration. Think of the eye in the human body tolerating the hand ! As we imbibe more and more of the Spirit of Christ, so shall we better understand the meaning of catholicity and realise its importance. ' Heaven is the abode of unity, and when the Spirit of Unity comes into a soul or into a Church it cometh from above. The Comforter brings it down. Discord is of the earth or from beneath. The divisions of Christians show that there is still much carnality among them. The more carnal a Christian is the more sectarian wjll he be, and the more spiritual he is the more loving and forbearing and self renouncial are you sure to find him. And it is with Christian com munities as with individual Christians.' When the tide is out you may have noticed, as you rambled among the rocks, little pools with . little fishes in them. To the shrimp in such a pool his foot-depth of salt water is all the ocean for the time being. He has no dealings with his neighbour shrimp in the adjacent pool, though It maybe only a few inches of sand that divide them. Bub when the rising ocean begins to lip over the margin of his lurking-place, one pool joins another, their various tenants meet, and by-and-by, in place of their little standing water, they have the ocean's boundless fields to roam in. When the tide is out — when religion is low — the faith ful are to be found insulated, here a few and there a few, in the little standing pools that stud the beach, having no dealings with their neighbours of the adjacent pools, calling them Samari tans, and fancying that their own little communion includes all that are precious in God's sight. They forget for a time that there is a vast and expansive ocean rising — every ripple, every influx brings it . nearer — a mighty communion, even the communion of saints, ?which is to engulf all minor considerations, and to enable the fishes of all pOO]s — the Christians, the Christ-lovers of all denominations — to come together. When like a flood the Spirit flows into the Churches, Church will join to Church, and saint will join to saint, and all will rejoice to find that if their little pools have perished, it is not by the scorching summer's drought nor the casting in of earthly rubbish, but by the influx of that boundless sea whose glad waters touch eternity, and in whose ample depths the saints in heaven, as well as the saints on earth, have room enough to range. Yes, our Churches are the standing pools along the beach, with just enough of their peculiar element to keep the few inmates living during this ebb-tide period of the Church's history. But they form a very little fellow ship—the largest is but little ; yet is there steadily flowing in a tide of universal life and love, which as it lips in over the margin of the little pool will stir its inhabitants with an unwonted vivacity, and :? then let them loose in the large range of the Spirit's own com munion. Happy Church farthest down upon the strand, nearest the rising ocean's edge ! Happy Church whose sectarianism shall first break forth into that purest and holiest and yet most comprehensive . of ail communions, the communion of the Holy Ghost 1' 