THE SUCCESS OF ' CALLED BACK.' [From the London Spectator of Nov. 8.] w-e suppose it is true, tnougn we cannot vouch for- the statement, that a quarter of a million copies of ' Called Back,' by ' Hugh Conway,'have been absorbed by the public, and if so, the fact is well worth a little con sideration. No novel of our time- except '? Uncle T«m s Cabin,' haBever surpassed that circulation, and. very few have even approached it. We believe, that the sale of a few popular novels in shilling and- two-shilling editions reaches, after a certain lapse of time, surpris ingly high figures, and have often wished that the late !First' Xjord. of the Adnairalhv -w-onld publish the results of hisextraordinaryandmost practical experience on that subject ; but we sus pect the number of stories which nave found a hundred thousand original purchasers would be seen, to be very limited. One- or two of Miss Braddon's may have reached that- figure, and possibly one. of Charles Reade's? .bat this is the result of . years, of. steady sale, not of a sudden imperative demand like that ' which must-have so astonished and. . delighted tha Bristol publisher, who stumbled almost acci? dentally, rumor has it, upon his grand 'find. At all events, the trade regard the success of ' Called Back' as quite exceptional, . and are trying to rival it with stories of the same kind ? — which we warn them beforehand, will all fail if they use the unreadable, irritating, and dangerous print to, which some of them seem inclined — and w© . should TTra^f-h . lik© to know the reason for that- success. 'Called Back' is a very good sensaidonalstory, full of moving adventures and surprising incidents and: unexpected turns of fortune, all told in a style that, without being strained, carries the reader^qukkly along; to the .end. ' Hugh Con way,' in fact, has not had enough praise for the sustained go. and. animation of his narrative; which. is almost, as marked 'in his new tale, 'In Dark Days' — though that, we venture to predict, will not have the same success. To talk of ' Called Back,' however; as anything but . a clever and exciting: story, would be absurd. It is .not. half of a quarter as good as '? Never too Late to Mend.' There are no characters in it which could: have attracted the multitude, unless it be. that of the heroine; and we do not believe that a sketch of unusual mental disease inte rests them sufficiently to. overcome, the slight distaste always created by.'- any picture of semi- idiotcy. They did not.caxe about Pauline at all upon the: stage; nor do w«- know 'that, always excepting the first, the incidents of: ' Called JBack^ im pressed them in any unusual way. Atieastrwa notice that all to whom .we have spoken.cn; the subject, wbile^iving' a generally favorable, -or even, in some cases,; enthusiastic verdict, always qnote the first scene- as their justifica tion. Even the writing, though good, is not much above average, and decidedly inferior to. thai of the, clever and. original taiaibyi the same1 author^ but, of a. totally different . kind, now -appearing;: in. the Engtiakr. Illustrated Magazine* We do not see that we .can:- faMy put. 'Called Back1' upon, a high lercL-or. account for its marvellous success) merelyjiby; its internal merit; . ? It- is CDod—and no more : aadn)fitecgoodness:dflea:nxit explain' am: in~ stantaneous- i^ppreraatroir j -whichi has,' mad© - ac W-*i;lynTT-VTif-Tgi-- TnaTifTnoOTf^BTnngfe^riTTg^ft;-'f-TT')- aad, -we sincerely hopef ox the sakepf thecraiEt,; one of the best rewarded, novelists of rour.ids.yii He:has opened answanarkeWoraQwritersiof fiction; and ought to enjoy, some sA the pinfitsr which accrete to. the bold: explorer., blii&m; commercial., fields. . Nor, . as we. - have inti mated, 4-- we believe, as -we see many 1 critics do, that the charm lies in the ' psychological' character of the story. Psychology: of that kind interests glutted minds, and 'minds':) with a strong OTedispoation -to investigation, .not unsatiated minds such, as niosti of ;'-. those musts have Had who bought this book.. Ghost stories sell, we- believe,, and the supernatural ' always attracts .more or less, . but not .the,- rarer, pheno-: menon of suspen&ed.brauvpower.; Is there, perhaps*, a; new- class- of; novel-. I buyers rising up ready to purchase-aa well-.aa I read a story, if only it is new,, interesting, and fakly. within. their means?: That is. possible ; for though the statists record the rapid increase ; of our p^»puia*ion,and,e(Jonomi8ts dilate on the ! improvement in its . cireumstances, w«r scarcely? note how, immensely: numerous- the. lowest middle-class is becoming, or how -greatlylits wants, and, evenr its-, fancies : are- affecting. the currents of all inland trade. There; ace tens, of. thonBands'ofii&significant; people no.w-where there were thousands before,: who; are not handicraftsmen and not shopkeepers, and whxr display in : a-shy, doubtful wayrlimitedi by a singular reluctance to spend, most of the tastes; of the middle-class thirty years ago.- Happy, the purveyor, or the draper: who -einks' a shaft ' successfully into' that, widening stratum of society, , andt - sells them- ? something: which they all want ? and .choose to afford to pay for. His fortune is made till competitors toke , the' bread - out .of his mouth,, and » pub lisher who . bits them may be happy too. We believe this new idass has- much to do with the pecuniary .success of 'Called Back,?' andif it has, the Bpeeial success is very nearly accounted : fou We have always maintained, that the ' popular, notion of a decay.; in, the taste: for ; romance: is -unfounded, that the cultivated; ; grown-ups hunger for fairyrtales^-so that they: are.cleveren&ogh.; tobfefaiiy-tales to them— just : as much as children do ; that meiv not children^ payj for Jules. ^Verne's. stories, .with theiirmagic : machinery of pseudo-science, and that- twenty books . lor [ one - boy whomever took them; iot hand. ' It was' not' the ; children; but rthe men and women, of England who xecognisedin Lewis Carroll a ? matchless humorist ; of a kind, and, made of, the author of- 'Vice- Versa,' a popular novelist, , Men. of . fifty aria enchanted with romance, that is, narrative released by some device from the impoverish ing limits of the. possible, yet not so released as to be, like an unconditioned day-dream, ridiculous and unsatisfying, and .are only too glad of any excuse, like the necessity ior sup-; plying children, to hide from.- themselves the ' f rivolousness' of their, tastes. They can confess their, reading then and. discuss.' it^ though, they' always choose, to say, while recalling every; incident, that, they 'only: glanced at,' say,- ' Twenty Thousand: Leagues : under the Sea,' just to: see what it .was like-. Among such men, however,, those: at i the very base- of; the middle-class feel the desire most strongly. Their lives are of necessity, monotonous, their minds are necessarily tired,, they are. devourediy the pecuniary anxiety which cramps all effort, and \- makes life dull' and grey-colored; and- they : have little interest in the . analysis of char acter. They hunger, when they, read, to be . carriedxmt of themselves; to see events move : quicker than they move in the streets' around them; to be excited. and horrified, and^-as they themselves say, and nobody else doesr— ' Thrilled.' They seldom, see: new novels, for they cannot buy them ; they rarely— -almost never — subscribe .to a library; and -their: acci : dental command of books is of the most: limited kind. A new novel, said to be ' ad \- mirable, and within their, means, is a new and 1 pleasant excitement ; the word passes on. ;from one to another --as - it did about ? ' Uncle Tom's Cabin,' of which 100,000 copies ; were sold before the reviewers heard of it ? —and the result is\a demand-which; amazes at' 'once publisher and author. 'Called Back?' 1 is a story which fulfils all necessary conditions. : It is not hampered by too much, attention to probabilities; it has the rush. and. vividness \- which attract little-read minds ; and it .takes. ' the readers we have spoken of altogether out* \- of the workaday world.' They gain positive. : pleasure from.it, which .is what they are always ; seeking, and have . so often only to pretend' ; they have found. They buy, therefore ; and ' when they buy there is, from their numbers,, ' scarcely any limit to sale. We could conceive ; of a book, which attracted' the lowest middle*' : class, selling half a million in three months, l and never feel surprised when we are told. of. tne astounding . ngures, to wnicn tne circu lation of . some half-religious, . half*nter taining newspapers is said, to reach. If. the right man. could' fill. one of them with, the right stuff; he might dispose .of half - a million a week; or, .as -happened .to some, of - Wilson's 'Tales ot. the Borders,' send.it to every house in an entire nation. ; Whether, the taste, now the publishers-are aware of it, will be easily satiated we do not know. Men of experience in the trade say : the middle class is wearying of fiction; and ! most certainly many fiction readers are. They . ? will not touch a novel till they, are informed ;by many witnesses that ' they ought to read ? it,' and then wait for it with a patience and. lay it. down in the middle with- a a serenity which it is fortunate tiler novelists are not there, to see. The : same causes may affect the classes next . ' below them, and affect them more quickly, for . : they have little leisure, and. are wonderfully and praiseworthily thrifty of their, money. We are, however, satisfied that they will de mand stories which, for. one reason.or another, . . are worth reading. Why? For just the same : reason that they buy nutritive food, or good cottons, or strong boots, because necessity : develops in them a kind of instinct. They cannot turn over a hundred volumes tiQ. they see the sentences which attract ; they do not .read reviewers' opinions, and they have no ? money whatever to throw away. They judge for themselves; and we hardly know an instance in literary history in which 'the judgment of a multitude upon a book, bought in order to be read, was erroneous. It might be a bad book in purpose or tendency, though such cases are not numerous in England ; but' it was rarely ? or never a poor one. The shilling stories that succeed must be- readablei and_ more or les» : readable aloud ; and those conditions granted, any circulation for them must be matter of . satisfaction; That the unreading classes should be tempted to read anything, with literary merit, and no moral demerit, is, of all helps to the man who wishes to spread education, the most effective. We do not care especially for 'Called Back' ourselves, partly because we like books with less morbidness in them and more cheeriness ; but we -should be delighted to bear that a dozen such novels had sold to the extent of a million copies apiece. 