Jleeble*. v — ' 'Short, Sharp, Shiny.' Halfmastthe flags. Beaten by six lengths. Sepoys goiug to Egypt. Treachery at Khartoum. The Canadian victorious. Cardinal MacCabe is dead. Line to Quorn not fenced in. France insists on recividistes. Taxation appointments made. A train collided with a bullock. Hobart Cup won by Ringwood. Rotten meat at Hergott Springs. Power, the bushranger, released. Mr. Patterson to have a banquet. The teachers to have a newspaper. Criminal sittings begin next week Robe congratulates Mr. Jeff Stow. If Disraeli had only been in power ! France enforcing- belligerent rights. Brett's 1'inancial Company floated. .Sydney beat Melbourne University. Clifford rows Beach on February '26, G.O.M. Gordon's 'orrible murderer. Beach confident of beating Clifford. Two-in-the-Bush shaft 269 feet deep. Railway dessert — humble pie for two. Beach will have to look to Ms laurels. From the cricket to the mission field. A fine cake of gold from the New Era. Two hundred and twenty ozs. of gold. Who will meet the treble- voiced man! The Protector to fly the blue pennant. Khartoum firing on the British troops. Victoria won't reduce carriage of wheat. Will Bismarck rejoice at England's loss ? Typhoid fever very prevalent in Sydney. Laura Jockey Club has a .surplus of £50. Settlement of the railway dispute at last. East-End Market Company, 10 per cent. Not enough votes for the Hospital Board. Lieut. -Colonel Cameron declines to come. Gladstone must get ready to receive kicks. Another picture added to our Art Gallery. Typhoid fever has broken out at Blinman. Do our volunteers want to avenge Gordon ? An Adelaide forger arrested in Melbourne. Mount Gambier again to have a rifle corps. Defence fund for the Rossa shootist started. Pawnbroking Amendment Bill next session. Mr. Justice Boucaut lias gone to Melbourne. Egyptians protest against Italian annexation. Two candidates for Wallaroo at least confi dent. Bonnor ineligible to play against English men. Is gold mining to prove the colony's salva tion * The Conservator of Water damming at Wal laroo. t Hanlau's slakes paid over. Twenty £50 notes. A cablegram across the Atlantic costs Gd. a word. Stuffed ostriches for the Colonial Exhi bition. Money wanted to prospect Echunga gold fields. Football to be suppressed in America as brutal. Mr. Thow wauts past -events to be entirely buried. Hanlan going to try to beat every Aus tralian. tiService protesting against annexation of amoa. The wives of Brigham Young are still mostly widows. Cricketer Studd going to convert the heathen CMnee. A terrific storm after the sculling match in Sydney. A hero has perished in^the service of Ms CGUntry. Sparrow prosecutions resulted in committals for trial. Will Honest Tom go to the Patterson banquet ? Government about to encourage colonial industry. The. forests of Scotland yield 10,000 deer annually. Honest Tom has worked on the Echunga goldfields. British force in Egypt to be reinforced by 8,000 men. The London . Thunderer going for Prince Bismarck. Wolseley people still dissatisfied with rail way tariff. Even at Snowtown races are not largely patronised. Australia to have one vote at the Postal Conference. Samoan cMefs want New Zealand to annex their island. Typos helping locked-out bootmakers in Melbourne. Bismarck will stick to the German portion of New Guinea. Mr. Howe to the Government — ' I'll see you blowed first.' Clements says there are 700 or S00 men out of work here. Captain Cowling has retired from the Wal laroo election. A bob fine for assaulting a Salvationist at Port Augusta. Victoria encourages gold mining, and why . should not we ? Emulation among Chinese as contributors to hospital funds. Steamer Swallow sunk in the Murray on Monday night. The annual number of . births in London exceeds 200,000. Now then, you modem Athenians, start a casualty hospital. Two men drowned by sinking of a steamer in River Murray. Victoria protests against free importation of Ta6inanian hops. A new trial in the case of Coutts v. the Bank of Adelaide. The dangerous state of the Houghtpn-road causing accidents. Germany opposing England again at the Lisbon Conference. Mr. Bews called the popular candidate. Where's Grainger ? Beach is pretty confident that he will beat Clifford and Hanlan. Fenians call Miss Dudley an emissary of the British Government. There are 30,000 acres of good land in Esssx, wMch are tenantiess. Port Victor train altogether too slow for hot blooded southerners. Anthony Froude deplores inadequate recog nition of litterateurs. Has Lord Wolseley lost his smartness with the gain of Ms title? Four of the Australian Eleven will play against Shaw's team. Captain Boycott is now one of the most popular men in Mayo. A fight between Bews, Grainger, and Mad dern on Monday next. Does Mr. Howe tMnk Mr. Patterson's punishment sufficient ? Rome is said to be the most expensive city to live in in all Europe. Power, the celebrated bushranger, has been in gaol for fifteen years. A man fined at Wallaroo for disturbing a Salvation Army meeting. Fifteen offences against decency to be heard at next Criminal Sittings. Captain Castine President of the Rifle Volunteer Force Council. I -jThe uniforms of our soldiers to be made of Lobethal tweed if possible. The American tobacco crop tliis season is estimated at 600,000,000 lbs. Tenders for railway between Dimboola and our border invited next week. WMch of our public institutions will secure the bust of Sir Henry Ayers ? ' Undergrounding ' telegraph and telephone wires to be tried in Melbourne. There is one daily paper to every 10,000 of population in the United States. Mount Barker people feel that they have lost a persona! friend in Gordon. | {In 1883 60,000,000 gallons of water were used in extinguishing fires in London. Evidence accumulating against the dyna miter Gilbert, alias Cunningham. England protesting against the German an aexation of a part of New Guinea. Beach admits that Hanlan has improved greatly since his match with him. Throughout the colonies feelings of grief are expressed at General Gordon's death. The total number of recognised species of Australian fishes now reaches 1,291. Engineer-in-Chief and General Traffic Manager to retain present positions. London lias four fire brigade districts, each brigade having 600 men aad officers. Adelaide Milling and Mercantile Company have an unsatisfactory balance-sheet. The increasing number of Jewish under graduates is much remarked at Oxford. It costs over £1,000 a year, it is said, to keep and clean the crown jewels of England. A net loss of £51,219 sustained by the Ade laide Milling and Mercantile Company. Few towns in England under 20,000 in habitants can boast a daily newspaper. Tbe annual expenditure for 'liquor ' in the United States now exceeds £160,000,000. Board of enquiry — Messrs. R. j. Turner, S.M., H. C. Swann, S.M., and T. Giles. Mr. Bews considers annexation a big ques tion. Oh, uo, Mr. Bews, it's quite a trifle. The construction of a railway from the Caspian Sea to the Persian Gulf is proposed. JJr. Mais and Mr. Pendleton will work amicably and harmoniously with Mr. Thow. Victoria commenced simultaneous action hroughout colony to exterminate rabbit pest. A board appointed to ?enquire into charges made against Mr. Patterson by Mr. Howe, M.P. Why can't the southern people get up a contest between a smart walker and the rail way? Eighty million dollars are spent annually in support of the public schools in the United States. A tract of 100,000 acres in Utah has besn secured for the establishment of . an Irish colony. The number of mules attached to the hearse denotes the respectability of a funeral at Rio Janeiro. William Greene saved the hie of a girl, but in trying to . rescue her father was drowned himself. Japan now has in round numbers 30,000 common schools, 3,000,000 pupils, and 84,700 teachers. The marriage fair, the institution of which dates from time immemorial, is still kept up in Brittany. Count De Lessens says the report that it has been decided to widen the Suez Canal is premature. The Daily News says Bismarck is insulting England in order tliat Gladstone may be forced to resign. The Government recently published a work suitable for the times — ' A guide to the Insol vency Acts.' Public-houses in the United Kingdom have diminished 0,801 in number during the last eight years. The Duke of Marlborough has sold his famous Raphael to the British Government for £70,000. Buttcrine manufactured in Manchester is shipped to Corkand thence .exported as genuine Cork butter. Fred. Archer, the English jockey, has visited WasMugtou and paid his respects to the President. Four vernacular newspapers in Japan have sent special correspondents to report on the war in China. Some documents dated 1642-43 have been discovered by some workmen under a beam in Carlisle Cathedral. The Government have accepted the decision of the Thow Commission with patience, but without resignation. 'General' Booth advertises for a clerk, who, it is stipulated, 'must write shorthand, and be fully saved.' A young woman was recently expelled from church in New York for saying her pastor had kissed her four times. Mr. Sankey believes that the singing at. all the services of the church should be under the direction of the minister. At the recent great Liberal demonstration at Bristol the motto on one of the flags was — ' The lords will be done.' At a village in Gloucestershire, lately the banns were published between a bachelor of 79 and a spinster of 80. It is estimated that there are in New York City alone over 20,000 Italian men, women, and children who are without work. Twelve million five hundred thousand postal orders were issued in England last year, re presenting a sum of £5,000,000. The question whether whist-playing should be proMbited in a railway carriage is receiving same attention now in England. The Cambridge University students recently attacked the Salvation Army, but .were re pulsed by means of a hose pipe. The Japanese post-office, which in 1881 was ten years old, carried 95,000,000 letters and transmitted 3,000,000 telegrams. ^' Fairplay' tMnks the not infallible exCom missioner of Public Works was very probably at f ault in Mr. White's case,- too. Many a young lady is perfect in pressing1 autumn leaves who leaves all the pressing of her clothing to her aged mother. There are over 407,900 persons employed by railway companies in America, not including the officers, clerks, or bookkeepers. Of the twenty-seven translators of the new version of the Old Testament only, fifteen have survived to see the work completed. Purchases of red flannel have greatly in creased in Paris lately through a-notion that cholera is.preyented.by the use of thatmateriaL The history of the Rothschilds is being written by a member of the house, who is well known in Paris for his literary tastes and talent. Seven of the largest Hamburg firms have acted on Bismarck's proposition to form a syndicate to engage in the West African trade. The State of Georgia has 250,000 Baptists, about equally divided in number as to color. The Georgia Association has just celebrated its centennial. The house in wMch Thomas Garlyle-'was born at Ecclefechan has been purchased by. members of bis family, and repaired,. cleaned, and painted. A grand cathedral has been built-in Moscow to commemorate the retreat of Napoleon from Russia. The edifice will accommodate. 10,000 worshipers. The agricultural classes of France have £200,000,000 on deposit in the Government savings banks, on wMch they are paid 4 per cent, interest. *' No man can do anything against Ms will,' said a metaphysician. 'Faith,' said Pat, 'I had a brother who went to prison .against' Ms will— faith he did.' The population of the United States inj creases at the rate of 33 per cent, every ten years. At this rate there will be 88,000,030 inhabitants in 1900. According to one estimate, 'the .number of tramps in Germany last year amounted to 200,000, and the expense they caused to the community £300,000. Hiring fairs forfarm servants have been held lately in the northern counties of England. Wages for best men ranged from £11 to £16, averaging about £14 per annum. A Sydney girl bet fifty kisses to a new - bonnet that Hanlan ,would win the sculling match. It is needless to remark that the other party to tiie bet was a gentleman. A physician writes in the Boston Globe that the fumes of tar and spirits of turpentine, in equal parts, burned in an iron pot or dish once . in two hours, will cure diphtheria. Joaquin Miller, who never feels easy in civilised life, has built himself a log hut among some lonely hills near Washington, where lie leads a quiet and solitary existence. The Chureh of the Holy Ghost at Heidelberg is divided by a partition running lengthwise tM'ough it. On the one side the service is Protestant and on the other Roman Catholic. Huxley's daughters disprove the theory of heredity on the paternal side of their beauty, which is so superior to the average that they are declared the prettiest girls in all London. At an English wedding the bridesmaids were dressed in white .lace, with long white veils, with the curious additions of red wreaths and red shoes as a relief to 'the predominant color. The latest idea of the Ameer of Afghanistan is to illuminate Cabul by the- electric light. . It is stated that he has sent some officers to Bombay to make the necessary, arrangements. It is stated that a scheme is on foot to build a Government hospital hi Dublin on the plan of Gny's Hospital, London. It is rumored that the Government will grant £15,000 for that object. London Truth says the best -preventive for cholera is to take some time during the day tw» spoonfuls of salt either spread ' on bread .and butter, or in some other way. The salt acts as a disinfectant. It is stated that the Claimant has been warned by the Home Office to be more guarded in his language at meetings wMch he addresses, and that unless he attends to .this warning- his ticket will be recalled. It is said that the Astors alone -own 3,600 houses in New York, all of stone and iron. The lowest rental they get is £300 per annum, and the Mghest about £10,000, which some of their enormous down-town buildings bring. Mr. Poland, the great criminal .lawyer, had bis pocket picked by a Frenchman, who on being arrested sent a letter, with the cus tomary fee, to_ Sir. Poland, saying, 'Y-ou talk well ; you will be generous ; you will defend me.' The Chinese soldiers' uniform consists of a blue tunic ar.d as many more clothes as he feels like getting inside of. A good many of them use their shoes for breastplates, and stuff cotton in their ears to keep from being . scared. When the -weather is wet, we must not fret ; when the weather is dry, we must not cry; when the weather is cold, we must not scold; when the weather is warm, wemust jiotstorm : —But be thankful together, whatever the weather. Mr. Thow supposes there will be no. difficulty in carrying on the work of the department -in. an effective and harmonious nmnnpr if Mr. . Mais and Mr. Pendleton keep their present positions. Mr. Stuart Cumberland and Mr.: Labou chere, M.P., intend to offer to Mr. Eglington, the spiritualist and slate- reading medium, a challenge for £2,000 that they will produce the same effect by natural means that he prof esses to produce by spiritualist methods. A Parisian experimenter has discovered'tJjat man is more sensitive to the effects of morphine than is any other animal. A dog. can take five times as much of the -drug and a monkey fifty times as much in proportion to the irre spective weights as a human being: The last census reveals the fact that of the 349 kinds of work done in England women participate in seventy. In three professions — medicine, education, and the drama— there are more women than men ; in the case of medi cine nurses are included in that profession. There are 24 gambling houses in Paris, in wMch between £(5,000,000 and £7,000,000 has been lost during the hist five years. The niininium profits of the banks in the club are put down at £240 daily. The average income of the croupiers and bankers is £4,000 per annum. Seme startling facts as to the loss of wealth - by the nation in consequence of sickness have lately been compiled. It is estimated that in England and- Wales alone there is thus lost : annually 20,(500,000 weeks' work, or say as much, as 20,000,000 healthy people 'would do in a week. On January 1 the Times entered -upon its secGnd century, reckoning according to. the number upon its title-page, although, as the . first 939 copies were issued under the name.of ? the Daily Universal Register, the ;centenary;of the journal with its present title will not arrive until January 1, 1S88. It is stated that the Cardinal Archbishop of Paris has addressed a pastoral to bis clergy against Freemasonry, and forwarded to them the instructions of the Holy .Congregation of Rome on the measures they are to take against it and other secret associations alike menacing, as we are told, to ' religion and civil order. 158 