The Central Sugar Mill Vote. It was to he expected that the vote for central sugar mills would provoke hos tilities. Every day since it was first definitely named the principle of the rote has'become clearer, facts illustra tive of it have multiplied, and reasons for it have gained force. On the other side preparations have nofc been neg lected, and. last night showed that at least some hon. members h:id stored up a considerable quantity of feeling. If wo except Mr. Luailey Hill's Latin, there wa3 nothing besicie feeling ro note. And speaking of that fragment of Latin and logic it may bs remarked that whilst there 'was no 'dog' in the words, the ghost of Aristotle must have, shud dered if it noticed the connection in which they were used. We must give Mr. Hume Black his due for having put the case, if possible, better than it was put from the other side of the House, so far as tho precise nbjnct of the vote is concerned. It is r.n experi ment. Should it succeed, a part of the difficulty in regard to the sugar in dustry is solved ; should it fail, affairs can be 110 worse than they are now ; they may bo better. * Let us put the case from this point of view. At this moment the sugar in dustry is in great straits from two causes. First the want ot cheap labour — we do not say coloured labour — on large plantations; and the want of machinery on small ones. It is useless to keep silence on the fact that there prevails a strong ieeling, an increasingly strong feeling, in this country against all forms of coloured labour. 'The two main reasons for it are that coloured labour cannot be introduced without depreciating white labour, and that to use coloured men as long as we please, and then to drive them out of the country, is a thine; so deplorably unjust that modern civilisation denounces it. What is to be done awaits to be seen. All hope of getting continental supplies need not yet be given up.' But if that supply had come the case of yeomen cane growers would remain to be dealt with. These men, who ought to know their own needs, say' 'We want help at a pinch at which our own strength tails us.' Their way of putting tho caso is a complete answer to some of tho objec tions raised to the loan. One hon. member said that there is just as good a reason for loaning money to aid farmers to! thresh wheat, and for aiding other persons to do other similar things. jluo yi lunjyic 'ja ivii. tiiioc i,mca in Lilt? same, but at a glance it is seen that it does not apply equally to them all. For instance, in thu matter of machines to thresh grain,'they are movenble ; and the same may be ' said of every other piece of inachinery used in agriculture. The , steam plough of England is owned1 by an individual or a company having nothing else to do with farming. ' It turns overau estate in a few days, and is moved on to tho'next. TTiifoi'tuuately the sugar-mill of. .the day IB' a fixture. It; can sweep only a limited area; and that area may be too Bmall for a purely .mi)l proprietary. ;. If'.tho ffrm'Und the mill can; be allied, as is'nrtw proposed, success may be assured. 'The proposal 13 notat once .to place these ^.facilities ;ev-Ty where without further considera tion, biit to , select a.jfew posi tions mpnt favourable to the pror ]e-#, 'and , to make., a^trinl. ; It is possible. tihatia,e¥ery;places8ucces8 wilL jiot' follow ; (ibis certain -thatiin- somoat will. Lefoit.-.'be tried ;w let; a -.note be ?mflde;ioF; it what ? are' -the: -causes of ^kjlure, should failure erislie ; .'au'd'whnt areythe. jconditions'!'of success, 'where ? BUCceaa is .recorded. Experience will' poon teach' ;her! inevitable. /Ipasonsy'akd-' the sfawigbstwill mu8t'T)6vv'..,''Tl/o hope ?is cherished that the picture, limned l»y ;tlie Premier will'4 bo'1 'drawn iii' tlio' ? Hues ?'i;tt| ul colours of 'Teal life. He 'k'M'ij ' Just ???ontrftM fbr^-'mrnnont tliO'futuru of ttiia eolonyywith;i;herich agxicnittifril land net-tlnd upon by small farmer8';ciilfcivating their own property, er.Bab.iTJg: their cane or manufacturinj ??'W;.&-:'rjj their other tropical produce at some central mill — a largo population such as the land was capable of sustaining — just contrast that with the other picture — the land divided into a few large estates' ' at from 1,000 to 10,000 acres each, worked by aliens, and maintain ing, as the late Lord Beaconsfield said, three sets of people — the labourers who worked on the soil, the men who lived there to superintend them, and the absent landlord, who drew his profits and spent them abroad. Contrast, he would say, those two states of civilisa tion, contrast tho two conditions of things in the welfare of the colony, and could there be any doubt which of those two alternatives would be the most beneficial ?' For an issue so largo, and apparently so practicable, the experi ment is worth £50,000. That is the political part of the quostion. The basis on which tho money is to be advanced is another matter. It is largely a question of prudence and skill, directed by experience and com mon sense. Obviously the conditions imposed must be such as will at the same time secure the Government and leave the scheme workable. The money must not be thrown at anybody's head, audit would be equally injudicious to give it to every ono who happens to ask for it. The limitations in its use must be fair as well as safe ; and to suppose that these conditions will not be attended to is to suspect the good faith of the Government. 