THE WESLETAN CONFERENCE. The annual session of the Wesleyan Cou erence began on Wednesday evening in the Firie-street We3leyan Churcb. There was a very large attendance, both tha flnor nnd gauenes oi me onurcn being well filled. The first half-hour was spent in devotional exercises, in which the Revs. J. Bickford, O. \--ane, I Kaston. and S. Knight took part fhe roll having been called the retiring President, Eav. R. M. Hunter, addressed the Conference a3 lollows : — The past year haa been one of peace. In that respect the calm monotony of our history his be-a unimpaired. There have been also assurances of be Dmne presence ia our assemblies and of the Hnf1116*^^? nPon,our work. The privilege and duty of Christ's people to live consecrated lives and to enjoy constant communion with God h^s received unusual prominence during the year, and as a result tfce tone oi the piety oi many haa been pitched in a more joyous sey than heretofore. The gloom of occasional douot .has been dispelled by the radiance of habitual confidence, flaming at times ?ato the mexpressibla glory of the highest spiritual joy. With this as the record of the vast, it nut be asked what more do ^e need ? and asked in a tana whish implies that we -a ill do perfectly well as -we are And yet it is my purpose to snsrgest that there is no such reason for jubilation as to leave no Dossibility of improvement— that indeed our very' successes impose obligations which must be speedily met or otherwise we shall have to be content with slower advances, and to relinquish the position among other Churches which is ours by dint of hard work and the Divine blessing \t tfca General Conference the subject of Methodist union was discussed at length, and a resolution of approval carried by a small majority. The position of our Church in each colony in relation to other Methodist bodis3 is so different that perfect unanimity on such a question is almost impossible, ana much fear may reasonably be entertained that ?with such diversity of opinion union with the mem bers of other Methodist Churches would mean separation from many of our own. It may come, and till it does lei us so work and live amid them hat, though there be not uniformity, ali shall say ' Behold how good and how pleasant a thin'' it is for brethren to live together in unity.' And' now, as to the position and want3 of our Church to-day. Doctrinally, we are unchanged, bin with us is still sin. Not an accident, not merely a misfortune, not adarkeiiiaode in the evolutionary development of inmanity, but sin, a wilful transgression of'a known law— a state of rebellion asainst righteous autho rity, and the result of hereditary depravity. Punish nient o_f sin ia still punishment. Not an improving discipline, a purifying fire, an all-satisfying quittance of our moral debt; but, the justreward of unrighteous conduct, the inevitable consequence of the violation of right and the commission oi wrong. On the fear nl subject of the duration of future 'punishment we iave no fresh light since Jesus died. His for ever a our for ever, His eternal is our eternal, No more ovmg heart than His ever bea% yet no Iip3 have more frequently and folly dwelt upon this dreadful theme. He knew whereof he spoke, He could not deceive us. Because our fathers spoke more fully and frequently upon these topics than their sons; because to-day more than' yesterday they aie )reached with tears of pity for the lost, an t yearn ne human sorrow for the almost saved, some have ihought that there is eiidence of defection from the truth among us. It is not so. One may not paint in the strongest colours, yet be true to art and to nature. So we, though speaking seldomer and with softer tones upon these dread themes, may yet Bpeak more truly, because speaking oiore accord ing to the relative importance— the real perspective of truth. Ihe purpose of our existence aa a Church is unchanged. Our origin, our history, our usages, our methods, our theology, our own hymnology, all bear one testimony that our purpose rom the beginning haa been to turn men from sin to holiness. Can there be any grander aim ? Could any other justify our existence? Thank God, to this the Methodist heart rings true to-day, and Methodist workers here find their highest aim. I venture no prophecy, for it needs none to assert that only so long as this purpose is held evermore before her eyes will our Church prosner, and that when any other comes between her 'and this her glory she may die accursed of God and foxsakra by man, and leave, like Babylon, only some historic ruins, at which many may wonder and some m'.y grieve. There 13 no danger of that to-day. Yet, leat it ever should be a danger, let us abide by the traditions of our elders, and labour to pass on to others that this is our work, to which all else is subsidiary. Better music, finer Churches, more eloquent preach ing, improved methods in iSunuay-schocl and other work we will welcome. But their value is to be measured by one standard, that of highest utility, and failing that we will reject them as worse than useless. To understand our want3 there needs a careful consideration of our surroundings. Herbert Spencer gives us the deSnition of perfect life by Baying that it ia perfect correspondence with environment. What is our environment? Ha3 it changed ? Has Methodism the power to adapt herself to such changes, if any? It may not be possible to point to any great change in our surroundings as compared with years past, but certainly changes in the aspect of our surroundings are going on rapidly, and some of them are palpable enough to enable us to estimate and name them, and others are rapidly assuming body and shape. But I believe in the adaptability of Methodism to all changes in environment, and so am confident of her continued existence and increasing vitality. Foremost among these changes I put the earnest efforts for Church extension manifested in some quatters. At all legitimate work of this kind we cannot but rejoice. The extension of Christ's king dom is dearer to us than the extension of Methodism, and by whomsoever this is accom plished we will still rejoice, and the more heartily it they can show to us a more excellent way. Account must also be taken of efforts of evangeliza tion of the masses, which seek to accomplish their end by military methods and much' emotion. Springing indirectly from ourselves, teaching our own theology, and having the same aim, but en deavouring to reach the lowest classes of society, we cannot but feel much sympathy with these efforts, though we cannot endorse all these modes. At the same time we may be permitted to think that the use of such methods in places where there is really no neglected class, but Churches already more than enough and well adapted to all, is not likely to promote Christ's cause, and certain ultimately to fail. Far more to be deplored in the review of our surround ings is the scepticism of our time. In speaking of it I would not give the impression that it exists to any great extent, or that it presents much hindrance to us in our work. Some creatures make a noise out of all proportion to their size, and as discordant as it is loud, as though they would compel that attention by loudness and persistence they would never other wise attract. So with the infidelity that calls itself freethought. But while counting by heads it may not be great, let us not forget that its principles and teaching render it most dangerous. It is not the Church alone against which the attacks of vulgar modern infidelity are directed, but against the sanctity of marriage and paternity, against indi vidual freedom and sound social order. If it ever triumphs our worship will be humanity in the aggregate, which is not humanity at its best; our domestic morality will be free love and the nameless crime ; and our government will become a social democracy, ending in a reign of terror.' Such a calamity is not near. Though the whirlpool exists its vortex will never reach such a depth. True, but the only power to check its rapidity and confine its circumference is found in the gospel we preach and the God we adore. I will not further attempt to describe our surroundings, but proceed to indicate what I think are our most pressing wants. Among these I cannot put any new thing. So far as I have observed the great suc cesses of the Church in the past have not been when novelties have been introduced, but when on the contrary there has been a return to the old things, though some of these may have been so long forgotten as to impress beholders with all the charm and sometimes with all the alarm of absolute novelty. One most obvious need ia a richer spiritual life. I would ask my ministerial brethren if this is not the want of the pulpit, and_ with I believe not one dissentient voice, they will answer yes. If I ask others, Robert Murray McCheyne will say, ' It is not so much great talent as great Christlike ness that God blesses;' and Alexander McLaren will tell us that 'the great want of the age ia a spiritual ministry.' But is it not the want of the pew, as well of the pulpit, and of the home, the shop, the bank, the warehouse, the office, and the street ? There is nothing that will accomplish the end for which we exist as a Church, and hinder the spread of speculative and practical infidelity, like the daily exhibition of Christian principle in ordi nary life. The world looks at the preacher's manner of preaching to judge if he believes his doctrines, but it also looks at the hearer's manner of living to judge if these doctrines are true and worth the having. Somehow more is expected from ns than from others as men professing Christianity. let us justify that expectation, then our high morality will command admiration, and our evident joy will excite the hunger of many unrestful hearts, and they will need no urgent invitation to come with us, for as there is no power so attractive as happiness, and there is no happiness so profound as that arising from holiness, 'if we are holy we will attract to the truth and to Christ many now caught in the mazes of error or bound in the chain of cold formality. Another want of to-day is a firmer gxaap of our defensive weapons. We must be ready to give a reason for our hope. Our deepest convic tions rest upon the authority of God's Word, but surely we can sustain our acceptance of that authority by some argument. The evidences of Scripture are many and clear. They cannot in the very nature of the case attain mathematical de monstration, but they have avoided sure resting ground for millions, and are as strong to- day as ever. Paley and Butler and a host of other defenders of the truth are not disproved. Their positions may need restatement to adapt them to the changed aspects of scepticism. Other and fresher illustrations may take the place of some that have grown too familiar to have ail their former power. So to these older writers may be added a fresh and deep study of the writers of to day. But in any way we must have our weapons ready for use at all times. Here the young men of our Church may find an unique sphere of useful ness. They meet in office and warehouse those who are smitten with the boldness of modern in fidelity and the fancied freedom from restraint it promises. In many cases a little knowledge of the arguments in support of God's Word, and of re plies to objections, would enable them to defend the truth, and keep some from the doubts that embitter life and the liberty that oft ends in licence. There is another need that presses its charms more upon my heart and mind than some others that may be mentioned, and that is wider ministerial culture It has been said that 'any stick would do to drive sheep into the Methodist fold if it were only thick enough.' As a student of the history of Wesleyan Methodism, I have failed to find when that time was, and must come to the conclusion that either it was not our Methodism that was referred to, or that the time was a period of some critic's dreamful slumber. It was not the time of the Wesleys, and of Fletcher, of Benson, and of Coke. It was not the time of Watson and of Clarke, of Etheridge and of Treffry, still less is it our own time, in which Moiulton and Geden, Arthur and Pope, and a host of others have attained more than an insular reputation for learning and ability. It is true we like strong men, but they should be cultured, and it is not for less strenjrth. but for more culture, that I plead on behalf of the Wesleyan ministry of to-day. Ido so because the average of education is higher than ever it was before. I do so because the average of culture and higher education is greater in our congregations than it has ever been before- I do so again because some forms of opposition to Chris tianity are more rampant than before ; and most of all, I urge this plea because our cause is worthy of the best. Under the old dispensation no man could be a priest who had any physical blemish. Can we think it right under the new dispensation to push into God's service any who are crippled by defects which proper training might remove ? The foremost position in the future belongs to that Church that has— first, the largest' number of chil dren in its schools ; and, second, the best - educated and most spiritual ministry. The former God has given us; the latter we may provide ourselves. Shall we do it? During the past year all efforts to obtain educated young men from our home Colleges have failed, and the ex- President of the British Conference writes at length showing that from various causes they are not likeiy again to have a surplus of men in training, and so be able to supply our wants as well as their own. Men we must have, or sound a retreat all along the line. But the word ' reti eat' is hardly to be found in the Methodist vocabulary, and some think it ought not to be found there at all. Men we must have, but they must be cultured and holy men, or our advance will be temporary and our ultimate retreat will be sure. Where shall we get them ? Let me tell you ; let me tell the Metho dists of South Australia one of the deepest convic tions of my soul— God will give us the men if we will give them the calture. Is this impossible ? God forbid one should think so fur a moment. It is only a question of money. Unlike some other things, it is pay and ye shall receive. I could plead for this with tears. I could tell of some who have seen the well3 of pure learning afar off, and with no hand to helo them, but only a guidepost here and there on the way, they have struggled on as with bleeding feet, that late in life they might enjoy a few drops of that longed-for spring. I could tell of others who, disheartened, have done their work at a great disadvantage, saved from desertion only by a sense of obliga'ion to God. All this may be avoided by the expenditure of no great yearly sum — the best investment of money the Church ever made. Who will win the gratitude 01 thousands by promoting a sheme for higher ministerial culture? Have we no_ Wesleyan Onnond or Hughes who will give of his wealth for this high purpose? I can conceive of no monument more enduring, no memorial more precious, no em balmment more perfect, than they will secure who provide in perpetuity for the culture of head and heart, body and soul, of those who will preach ' the glorious gospel of the blessed God.' 'Other needs there may be, but with these, a richer life, not a spasm of emotion ; a constant life, not an evanescent joy ; a fuller knowledge of the truth and its foundations, and a ministry learned in the lore of the schools and more deeply taught of God — all else that may be named as wanes will surely come, let us have faith in the principles of our Church and its glorious fnture, and ministers and people together count no sacrifice too great, no labour too arduous, no outlay top expensive that shall fit Methodism for her mission to spread Scrintnra holiness throughout the land. As a motive 'I will paint no picture of denominational grandenr that may loom in the distance, but point you to that higher sphere where all sects are absorbed in one, and most of all to Him who, seated there, yet notes our work from day to day. for the sake of men who may be redeemed, and a Christ who may thereby be glorified, let us ' labour on at God's command, and offer all our works to Him.' The Conference then proceeded to the election of its President. The votes were as follows :— Rev. O. T. Newman, 20 ; Rev. S. Knight, 15; Rev. C. Lane, 7; Bev. J. Y. Simpson, 2. The Rev. R. M. Hukter welcomed hia suc cessor to the chair, and handed him the Bible, which is the only token of office the Conference has. He said that the Connexion was entirely at peace, and he predicted for him a year of peace and prosperity. All his predecessors had found what he would dis cover, that they were well sustained by their people. The prayers for him would be numerous, and . he might be sure of the blessing of God. The JfEESiDEST (Rev. C. T. Newman) said thatmoment was the most embarrassing of his life. He was thankful for the expression of confidence which the vote conveyed. He entered on his duties with much fear, nofe of them, for he was sure of their sympathy and prayers, but of himself. He sat in judg ment on hia own abilities, and was his own severest critic. He felt tnat in many respects he was deficient in the qualities which had characterized his predecessors, bat he hoped that no act of his would lead the Conference to regret their choice. He owed much to Methodism. A life-long devotion would not be too much to offer in return, and that should be cheerfully given. He had been favoured with a great many tokens of kindness, and the election of that evening crowned the whole. His attachment to Methodism was the result of enlightened intelligence. He had carefully studied the various systems of Church government, and was thankful that he had been led to espouse the Church of his choice. He loved its doctrines, its discipline, and its institutions, so that he was in perfect harmony with the demands of the Church, however defective he_ might be in what was desirable for an efficient re presentative. He thanked God for their glorious past, and felt certain that there was a glorious future before them. He endorsed the remarks of the ex-President that a cixl tured ministry, inspired with fervent love, was necessary, but even more essential than that was the baptism of the Holy Ghost. If they obtained that in the Conference it would be shared in by their officials and spread far and wide. They needed to care for their young people, and if he were to suggest a motto fpr the year it would be, ' Our children for Christ and His Church, and a revival in every congregation.' He would need their forbearance, and felt sure it would be given. If any secondary incentive could impel him to do h_i3 utmost to meet the necessities of his position it would be the fact that he was the first South Australian born President that had been elected in the colony. No doubt he would have a long line of succes sors. The Rev. J. Y. Simpson was re- elected Secretary, the Revs. J. Haslam and J. Nicholson Assistant Secretaries, and theRev. D. S. Wylie Conference Letter-writer. A very cordial vote of thanks was pre sented to the Rev. R, M. Hunter for the ability with which he had discharged the duties of the Presidential office. A similar acknowledgment was paid to the Secretary. The hours of session were fixed, and the Conference adjourned. The following are the ' stations' for next year a3 recommended by the Stationing Committee : — I. — Southern District. — Adelaide (Pixie street), B. Morris Hunter, J. Young Simp son (Draper Memorial), W. T. Carter (The baTton), James Bickford, supernumerary (Park side) ; Adelaide (Archer- street), Samuel Knight, T. E. Thomas, M.A. (Prospect) ; Adelaide (Kent Town and Norwood), J. Bunting Stephenson, James Haslam (Norwood), Archibald J. Bogle (Payneham), S. Eossiter (Magill), T. Baston, supernumsrary (Kent Town); Adelaide (Brompton), Charles T. Newman ; TJnley, Henry T. Burges3 ; Glenelg, David O'Donnell, W. G. Clarke ; Port Adelaide and Semaphore, Eobert Kelly, H. Henwood Teague (Semaphore) ; Gumeracha, Albert Stubbs ; Wil lunga, Charles H. Goldsmith; Clarendon, W. Benson Mather; Aldgate and Summerton, W. H. Hodge ; Mcunt Barker, Paul C. Thomas, George 'W. Kendrew (Woodside); Strathalbyn, Thomas Edroeades; Yankalilla, Walter H. Hanton ; Gooiwa, David S. Wylie ; Kangaroo Island, W. A. Millikan ; Palmerston, James B. Bradbury. II. — Middle District. — Gawler, Eobert S. Casely ; Kapunila, Thomas Lloyd ; An gaston, Thomas A. James ; Templers and Stockport, John D. Langsford ; Kooringa, Samuel F. Prior, George E. Eowe ; Clare, James Bead, one to be srnt ; Auburn, William Stewart ; Bivertcn, Joseph Nicholson ; Hanson, Home Mis sionary. HI.— Northern District.— Melrose, Samuel's. Moncrieff ; Wilmington, candidate ; Beltana and Blinman, one to be sent ; Port Pirie. John N. Mills ; Cry.-tal Brook and Eedhill, Thomas B. Angwin, M.A. ; Koolunga, Isaiah Perry ; Jamestown, James Allen ; Laura, Thomas M. Bowe ; Yarcowie, William H. Bofe; Port Augusta, William A. Bainger ; Quorn, William A. Potts ; Oladdie and Walloway (Johnsburg), Home Missionary; Peters burg, Henry C. George : Wonoka (Hawker), candi date. ~IV.— YORKE'S PENINSULA DISTRICT. — Moonta, Charles Lane, John C. Hill (Moonta Mines) ; Kadina and Wallaroo, William Eeed ; Port Wakefleld, John Watts ; Yorketown, B. Gilbart Edwards ; Minlaton, John Gillinghain, Home Missionary ; Maitland, Wil liam A. Langsford ; Ardrossan, John H. Goss ; Port Lincoln, Edward Barber ; EUiston, J. J. Nicholls ; Franklin Harbour, candidate. T.—South-Eastern^District.— Mount Gambier, John H. Trevorrow ; Narracoorte, Joseph H. Hadley ; Milliceat, John Nairn ; Kingston, John Blacket : Border Town, Home Missionary. VI.— Western Australia ^District. — Perth, Eobert W. Campbell, Vivian Roberts (Fremantle), C H. Nield (Guildford) ; York. Thomas Biid, William Lowe (supernumerary); Geraldton, George Hall, Edward Holiday (Dongarra) ; Albany, Moses Bullas; Bunbury, James W. Mouland. 