Y'Tlie Baid sn oFortune-tellers. THAT throughout all ages and countries there- have been. persons who have believed in sorcery, witchcraft, or other fuperstitions, is sufficiently attested by Ithe words so'frequeiitly met iftfie vocabularies of all languages, ancient and modern, by the various acts relating thereto that are found in the statute books of all nations, and by the testi mony of historians and writers, who have been forced to deal with the questions of their day. In our opinion the superstitious belief in witches and others of their kith and kin will continue, so long as there will be found amongst humanity that class of persons, whom Addison described as " of weak understanding and crazed imagination." " Belief in alchemy and astrology has passed away, leaving traces only in our vocabularies in such words as saturnine, mercurial, and jovial. The old crazed opinions that our fore fathers used to entertain concerning the importance of turning the coins in their pockets when the moon's disc was visible during the day, now lingers only as a tale to amuse youthful minds, and its power. is now about as strong as the rule of Scottish conduct about whistling on Sunday. And yet, in spite of these crazed opinions being exploded, there are others now taking their place, which have proved and will prove equally pernicious to society. To such an extent has the practice of'fortune. telling increased of late, that -the Post Office authorities have orders to open all communicationsaddressed to women knoiwn to practise palmistry. or any: other deceptive art. The alarming extent of their operations is, the justifi cation for this move on the part of the Government. Such an act, however, will not by any means stamp 'out the evil, but only diminish it for a time. There will still be just as many people anxious to ascertain the kindness or unkindness with which Lady Fortune will treat them in the future, and who will be ready to clutch at any straw of hope, offered by pretending witches. The effect of this move of the Post Office authorities will be but making correspondence between the fortune tellers and their prey more difficult, and most probably result in a higher rate being charged for consultations. Addison's "Moll White," who used.to make children spit pins, and give maids the nightmare, as was popularly believed, has vanished, but "Shakespeare's witch, who could prey 'upon the diseased inimagination of a fortuine-hunting man is still extanti and seems difficult to get rid of. Fortune is- by many foolish, weak-minded individuals, still believed to be. a lady,i whose smiles may be. won by certainivitches ifi leagie with hdr. And the ground for this belief arises from the fact that men generally, when measures are dubious, and when reason cannot easily determine :-the right way, pursue that which superstition fixes upon ; and by the' weight, that- it derives thence pursue it- with greater hope, cheerfulness, and effect.- It is \- the same 'with' dreams. ' When any dreamt all the. dreamer's e?fforts are. directed?towards the attainm6nt of that end, and foolish persons attribute - thie successful accomplishmentt6o tlie dreani instead- of ::to - the persistent rational t efforts that have followed it. - Few minds in"olden days i-ere, entirely free: from belief-in -ghost"- apparitions, and: the great Dr. Johnson was considered : as, frightfillyu'iin?creddtilslieca? . he reftised to believe in ghostsrafter hiving gone to Cock Lane, and thern'to' the churchyardsand tapped coffins, and to day the majority?'-of 'ankind in some sort or other believe in, equally I foblish superstitions.- To us it seems that the better course would be to prosecute the fortunietellers To'r, hiing no "lawful visible means of support," Their silly patrons deserve losing, their money, and in nio way merit protection The evil, :thati the'se: vomen S seem` to i perfr ii'companyiiwith theii professed ~ works is terfible;and onf this ground alone they might be got rid of. 