Divers Ways. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER XLIV. BY ONYX. IT Was the kindest thing that Mr. C[?]ten could have done for Adine, this sending of Francis Otway, to show that she was not deserted by her friends Lyster's sudden depar- tore without coming to say good-bye—without giving her any reason for it If or that short in coherent note that he wrote and re-wrote so many times on the evening before his departure told bef nothing)—following so swiftly upon Bo* fwther'a arrival, had troubled her greatly. She wafftr and unhappy before, without being able tosarigwany tangible reason forbrrdt- Eression, and *row the worst she could ima£n-e> ad happened; lyster had left her; ana though his confused words spoke of undying love he had not hinted a* their re-union, much less mentioned a date for it. , It was no wonder that she felt it hard to fight against her trouble. It ws»all so secret, so* mysterious. If he had told her the truth she c*ou.d have borne it, and in her secret heart she reproiNched Lyster for making her endure tbe burden of thi? mystery. Mr. and Sir*. Gbartcrkt were as much puzweo as she was herself. Mrs. Charteris, for once » her life, was dumbf**tod«d. She had fought Lyster's battles—upheld him through good report and evil report, and this was his return 1 For to Mrs. Charteris, as to Adine, tbe mystery #s» the crime. If he had trusted her with bis MbHteLshe could have soothed Adnse. Poor Mrs. Charteris.- Her pure little woman's- heart; was far sway from guessing at the evil reason of the separation between the lovers, even m its wildest surnllsesV Mr. Charteris was rett' cent as usual, though be looked very grave, an* his tenderness to Adine was quite pathetic; but Mrs. Charteris forgave bins for his devotion, though once or twice she felt irritated and thought angrily that Adine always brought tromMe with her. Sho seemed to be con tinuant surrounded by an atmosphere o* suffering, and dearly as Mrs. Charterw love* Adine—and it really was very much indeed for one woman to love another who was not in say wise related to her—she loved brightness and Siety and mirth also, and these were too anti etic to Adine just now to be endured. So all things conduced to make Francis Otway's reception tbe warmest and piessastest that it had ever been his good fortune to-receive at Walloon. He was shocked at Adine'* altered looks, and it was a great exercise to Mrav Cbarteris's virtue of self-abnegation to bo so* completely put in the shade by Adine, even with this lawyer. »he was becoming quite « secondary personage even in her oan home! Although the message that Otwsy brought was not very intelligible, it cheered Adine, as Mr. Carter knew it would. Sht bad great con fidence in her old friend. . " Have you seen nothing of my father • ■he saked ss they sst down to dinner, fCf which Otwsy had arrived just in time. " I cannot say I have not seen him, for* he has been to the office twice; but, as you know, he never consults me; and Mr. Carter told me* plainly that the matter in discussion admitted of no further confidence." Otway bridled up a little ss be made tbe con fession, whioh wss not altogether an agreeable one to him to make—for it showed him in a> subordinate light professionally. However, such was the case, and he stated it frankly. "It is all the most mysterious affair from* beginning to end," said Mrs. Charteris sbarpry, " mystery upon mystery. Ido not wonder that Adine looks like s ghost I declare I begin to feel worn and wan myself." Adine turned and looked very lovingly upon the bright face which really bsd been very pstient snd long suffering to her. " Not yet; not quite," she said. " Yes, but it really is wearing, even if you had anybody to discuss it with; but Adine Moke so sorrowful I have not the heart to worry ber, and, as for Godfrey there, if it is not a fact as plain as the nose on your face he is not abk» to understand it As for finding s thing out, why I do not suppose be ever found out s secret In bis life." "And, please God, I never shall," said Godfrey piously. "It is bad enough to have a secret thrust upon you, without poking about to discover one." "Yes, but really you should take a little more interest in your neighbours' affairs you know, Godfrey: it is morose snd misan thropical, snd all that king of thing, not to care about them." "I am sure I do care about Adine very much—and she knows it" said the aggrieved husband; "and, asforourneighbours'business, I am sure, my dear, you take interest enough to do for both of us." The laugh was now turned against Mrs. Charteris, whose liveliness and real kind heartedness had just involved the whole household in a small feud with a neighbour— the consequence of ber interest in them. She laughed herself, colouring at the same time; and Otway felt quite thankful to her for this little diversion—for they had all preserved a Jreternatural gravity during tbe beginning of inner. This small joke broke the ice, and every one seemed to thaw a little and take a more sunshiny view of the world in general, much to the relief of Mrs. Charteris, who really felt and believed that looking dismal did no good; and certainly if looks can in any way command in their turn the state of feelings instead of always being prompted by them, as good re spectable old Martin Topper observed in those inimitably dull reflections of his, she wss quite right Next morning Adine hsd the opportunity of s few words alone with Otway, andtbough there wss neither confidence to give nor to receive she felt ss if she could speak more freely to him when there was no third party listening. Those who are in the most intimate relations with us are our most critical and trying audience; they weigh everything in scales balanced by the "gone before," and try every word by the crucial test of comparison with our ordinary every-day lives and sentiments — an ordeal which, even when applied at trying moments of our lives, is a severe strain. Adine felt this with Mr. and Mrs. Charteris. They knew so much that she was glad to speak of her father with some one who knew less, and of course she knew how fully the sympathy of her auditor was hers. "Do you think papa will go back to Wicheloc soon?" she asked Otway. " I cannot say. I know literally nothing but what I have told you; but I will say this in con fidence, that in my own private belief the inter view between the Colonel and Mr. Carter was very Btormy. Tbo Colonel stalked down stain. looking like thunder, snd when I went into Mr. Carter's room afterwards the old man seemed quite strange and upset Perhaps I ought not to say this, for it was a kind of pry ing to go into his room just then ; I will own I did it out of curiosity, but I got nothing by it," he added, half laughing. "Mr. Carter never said a word upon the subject till he came into my room the next day, and told me that he thought of coming here himself to see you." "I wish he had," said Adine impulsively. Otway looked hurt "Do not think me unkind," she exclaimed, seeing his expression. "I sm sure you under stand. Perhaps if I had spoken to him myself he might have told me. If I were to go"—she said musingly. " It would be no use," said Otway decisively. " Whatever the reason of all this mystery con nected with Colonel Greatorex and Mr. Ashley may be they will not tell you, till some impor tant facts connected with it are ascertained. I know that much, though I know no more of the facts themselves than you do." " Then there is nothing to do but to wait" said Adine drearily. "Only to waif repeated Otway, "and that is the hardest task of all." [TO BE CONTINUED. 