THE IRiS&Kltt.; HIS RESEMBLANCES AND HIS DIFFERENCES. (JUSTIN M'CAETHT IN THE W.Y. " TRIBUNE.") ANY one who has travelled in Europe, and who has an eye for observing anything, muBt have noticed the striking resemblance, in appearance and in manners, which exists between the Irish Celts and what we oall the Latin populations of theJEuropean continent. Going into a church in almost any part of Southern France, or Italy, or Spain, one/ might easily imagine himself looking alt an Irish T A n * congregation in Kerry or Connethara. There is, of ccnirse, Borne differ- *"" ence in dress between the Irish peasant and the Spanish, or even the Italian peasant; hut, apart from th&t;, peasant faces in a Gal way crowd at prayer, and the peasant faces in the cathedral at Burgos, might be said to belong, on the whole, to the same type or order. All the ways of the IriBh people seem to me to be the ways of a population that ought properly to belong to a warm Southern country. The very manner in which the poorer of the peasantry live, with something like a sense of personal comfort, in their darksome cottages, seems like a survival of the habit which necessity and climate impose on the popula- tions of hot countries, the habit of seeking protection from a blazing sun within the shelter of dark and solid walls. I am not anything of an ethnologist, and am not able, in any satisfactory way, to trace the connection between the Celtio and the Latin populations; but, most assuredly, their appearances and their manners illustrate something like a close affinity. The love of the Irish peasant for music is a love which he shares with the peasantry of all Southern peoples in Europe^ That, love still lives in the Irishman, and no National League meeting ever assembles in the open air without its bands to "play it in." It may be said that the Irish peasant drinks whisky, while thb Italian and the Spanish peasants hardljt 6ver drink anything so strong even as Wine. But to this it has to be answered tfiiat the Irish peasant, although, apparently, destined for a warm, dry and sunny climate, lives in an island surrounded, as Disraeli says, "by a melancholy ocean," and liable, during a great part of the yeaT, to continuous mist and to soaking rain. Moreover, there cannot be a greater mistake than to suppose that the -ordinary Irish peasant is-rmucfi of a whisky drinker. Poor fellow; vfrere his inclinations in that w«t| ever so strong^, he would not hav| much chance of gratifying them veiy often. The poorer Irish labourer has ji glass of whisky now and then as a treat, at rare intervals. The Boman Catholjo Archbishop of Cashel,,a man who knows his countrymen thoroughly, was speaking, the other day, to an English interviewer about the Supposed drinking habits of thd Irish peasant. He explained to his listened the condition of things very much as I am explaining itnbw. The IriBh labourer, according to the Archbishop, may perhaps have, on an average, one glass pf whisky in a week, but not more. He has not the money to pay for pinch whisky drinking. ,1 am strongly under the impression that an Irish peasant id a warmer and dryer climate, would soon become as indifferent to alooholio drinkB as a Spaniard or an Italian. The love of the dance is another sentiment which, even still tn air his troubles, the Irish peasant shares with the Spaniard and .the Italian. Anyone who looks at TitSki'a glorious picture of the Assumption at the School of Art in Venice, will see that ,the face of theMadonna, with all iU yearning beauty, and the anticipated' majesty of the opening heaven on it, is only the glorified,face of an ideal Irish peasant girl. It is curious, on the other hand, to observe how strikingly unlike tbe Irish Celt is even still to the English £axon, with whom be has lived in enforced companionship for more than 700 years. It ia hardly toD much tosay that nothing in Ireland is like anything in England} National characteristics, of course,- are somewhat hsird to define with any safe attempt at " dogma. , £ have known Germans who hated smoking (by the Way.we must remember that'die great-, est of, all. Germans, . Goethe, fletestect tobacco ip' every form). Some of tne most generous, and , free-handed - men J ever met were .Scotchmen, and j am acquainted with Irishmen who hate the bare idea of getting into a rrtw. Still there tu-e certain broad and • -deeplymarked differences which cannot be got. over, and the reality of >whioh any. number of exceptional oases will not really affeit. The English , peasant, for example, is in most ways a more practical, ihatisto say, a -more material person, than his Irish compeer. He has less imagination. He does not live, asan Irish peiuant does,, in continuous coin-' panionship with ;wbafr I-. may call the spiritual world. It is fflmbst impossible to imagine an Irish peasant becoming a materialist .in matters of faith. For him still the ghost and the fairy and the banshee are in tbe air, and on the earth, as they were in tbe days before railways and the electric light. Ask an English peasant in one of the' southern counties the name of a river , near his cottage, and he probably cannot give yon an answer. It has not occurred to him'whether the river had or had not ft name; Ask snch a question of an Irish peasant in his own regions, and he will probably tell you not only the name ,ot the river but half a score of legends gbout 'it Of bourse it is only in country plaoes that differences so marked as these are found to exist and to endure. When populations get mixed together in great towns, the distinctions of race arfe likely to be considerably diminished, though not altogether effaced. In New York the Irish working population are probably brought into more companionship with their American tjellow'-citizens than,the London Irish, as yie call them, are with tbe English, residents of the quarter ip which they live. But.even.,in Nec? York the Irishman retains still most of his national peculiarities, although some of them sire melting and blending into those of the population roftnd him. There is coming into development a very distinct type of personage, whom I may describe as the Irish-American. This person is Irish in his iy.es, Irish in . his mouth and lips, Irish in the expression of his face, Irish in. his national inclinations, and Irish in hi9 temper. But he is getting to have all the straight, well set np, alert, ready appearance of the American; be has <he brisk, keen ways of the American; &nd;, as generations pass on, be will probably become more American, even though remaining always Irisb- American, or, at least, American-Irish, J. do not see any type of , man coming np whom I could call in the same-sense the London-Irishman, or the English- Irishman. Even where by generations of settlement in England a family has lost all trace of Irish accent, and, indeed, has acquired most unmistakably the accent of the Cockney, the appear-: ance and the ways of the Irishman remain just Ibe same. I know people in the East End of London, Irish by extraction , intensely Irish in feeling, who habitually associate only with Irishmen, and who yet speak in accents which are Cockney of the Oocknejr. Very strange it is to hear such lads and lasses sometimes joining in the chorus of "God Save Irdldnd," or some other Irish national 'song, with the urimitAakabld pfobanciatto'n' aiid tone of E«st London, In the Baine way, up at Newcastle,. In tiie English North Country, I h'ayelipard men of Irishi descent .pouririg fortb the most intensely Irish aspirations in thorough Northumbrian dialect. , •> ' But these men do not become English in appearance or in habits, whatever may be the oase vfath the[r J -4c<5ent. Tht Saxon efiid the Geltieem fo be always kept asfrintfet by some curious natural law. 'Sft.'^ Bright oiicfe i^ge*^' Ir.el.an4 being loored ^roiri her mbi^fiijgs/ in ftp Atlaptib and floating across^the .pceai^ti? become'! a State of ffee.gi^hjwWMft Republic. No donbt :c.this would be a very good thing foe,Ireland if, it. were only possible. Most cofrdially «Sould I stty, as Poins in "Heriry the Fourth" BfciyS of : his sister: " May the wenchhave ntf WorBe fortune!" But if one were-iniflihedtb thdnlg&fh; aday-dreafo.it se6m6 to me tHSt traditibn rad'the' fitne&' of wings suggest r&ther; the though}; of. th^ island, if loosed from its moorings, floair ing quietly away until it reached the shores of, same soft Southern county, and settling there, and feeling itself restored, as if after a long, unpleasant, and unwholesome sleeps to the sunny climate, the soft. bright skies and oot-ofdoor exWtenoe, with music and dsfabe; Jtt whtch Nature had from the first defigned it. " _•.. .. Miss ULibt Asi'sMOK, this.^eat can aotress, was breakfasting J«!%'i>jW Mrs. Gladstone at Downlng-scree^hto Hm Admiralty explosion occurred. "(Suaaealy, Miss .Anderson says, "we beard,a .ternfic sound, followed by a rumbling toejin ^rjbj quake, vfhich caused us "all to riie in.consterjnation from our seats. Mr. Gladstone was extremely self-possessed,; and^, at first enaea; routed to persuade us that it was merejy,^ Boyal salute. This tl»Bory was,, ho^vgft quickly dispelled ,by evidence, ;wioe/we only saw/ a quantity.,- of Hi®pke-:<and ,djiB$ rising, bnt people rubbing abont in ^ gr?at alarm. AseOon ftsealmt was <a Jittle restored* Mr. Gladstone, who remarked? that he was enUrtaffing friends *t dinner, tpr* nous explosion at Whitehall happened,.w vised met|> icturn > hoime,) eiai to my fcMri^e by Mr. GMst-^^' 00 " 4 sideratrty- frightened at eo^n^mat 'M 