LATEST TELEGRAMS. (FKOM THE PB.E8S rELEGRAM ASSOCIATION.) SYDNEY, Joly 20. Tho next task: in connection with the division of runs is the appraisement of rents and license fons for leasehold and resumed areas. Over 300.000 holdings will be dealt with, but the Department is experiencing great difficulty with regard to the obtaining of reliable and compre hensive reports upon the character and the value of the country comprised in some holdings. The Department of Lands has just issued a most useful pamphlet, containing the new Land Act, with the Regulations, Index, and a small map of the Colony. The Military authorities are again bestirring themselves with regard to the defence of the Colony, and a large number of artillery were put through various exercises in the forts at South Head. A man named Walter O'Bourke, aged 50 years, residing with his family at the Glebe, shot himself dead with a revolver on Saturday night There waa a terrible fatal accident at a timber yard at Hawthorn, "Victoria, on Saturday. A young man named Uther was caught by tho main belt of the engine, and was whirled several times around the flywheel, during which both his legs and feet were smashed to splinters, and one arm was wrenched, from the socket. Death resulted on Sunday. . ???». At the Victorian Grand National Steeplechase meeting, the Maiden Steeplechase was won by Reticent, followed by Lady Ashton, and Kulkyn. Grand National Hurdle Race-Agent, Guard Fish, Cockboat. Grand National Steeplechase - Wymlet, Sailor, Denmark. Selling Hurdle Race-Student, Flamboroughi Doncaster. Flat Race-Ghost, Plausible, Bohemia. July 21. Maize is steady at 3s. The Sanitary Conference yesterday, passed a resolution to the - effect that a Method of Cremation should be introduced in any now Sanitory Act, as a permissive clause with special application for the disposal of the bodies of those dying of infectious diseases, and a com pulsory clause with regard to dealing with refuse, &c;: Tho Conference concluded its sittings this afternoon. .. Tho : second stage of the Inquiry into the wreck of the Cahors was commenced by the Marine Board yesterday, some fresh witnesses being examined ; several shipmasters being of opinion that tho courso taken by Captain Walker was safe, and that, had his 'directions been followed, the vessel could never have struck. The Inquiry was then further ad journed until Wednesday. The American ship John Dacosta, from Melbourne to Calcutta, with 100 horses on board, is ashore on North Torres Reef, Queens land. The ship is bumping heavily, and it is feared she will become a total wreck. Nothing has yet been saved. The Victorian Coursing Club meeting yester day, showed the betting to be the heaviest on record, £'150,000 changing hands. The Minister for I-irids was well receired st Gosford, yesternight, and spoke for some length on the Land Bill. Ho referred in dis paraging terms to the present Education Sys tem,, and declared that 10 years hence the country would have a tremendous crop of drones. Ho intends contesting Wollombi, at . the next general election. Over 2,000 persons attended the Flower Service held over the grave of the felon Johns at the" Rookwood Cemetery on Sunday after uoon. Mr. Walker, the Freetbought Lecturer, conducted tho service, at the conclusion of which several hundred bunches of flowers were placed on his grave. Sir Alexander Stuart has telegraphed to the Agent-General to the effect that clause thirty one of the Federal Council Bill must remain as it is now, and states also several amendments suggested in the Bill, otherwise, he will not accept tho measure. Tho Sydney Exchange Company has declared a dividend of Ss per share. 