AUSTRALIAN POETRY TBS B-&0W-NED AXWE. •By Chables Eaepdr. (Born j-1817-; Died 1868.) ;X -w&e; once bo deeply drowned, That when the dragmy body found, 'Twas -void of motion, void of breath, And to sensation dead as death. In a languid summer mood I had plunged into a flood, That to the low sun's sjantingbeame Gleamed with only quiet gleams, Each with a wide flicker sheeting From its still floor, fast and fleeting, E'en such a flood as, one would say, Could never, or by night or day, Have drenched a man's warm-life away. But what -are these down in its bed That trail so long-and look so red, Moving as in conscious sport? Are they weeds of curious sort? But I'll dive to them and see into all their mystery. Down I dive. A plenteous crap! " Some shall with me to the top, For here'there is too dim a light To show their character aright. I wind them in my arms, intent To root them up in my ascent:; But they resist me, and again I tug them with a stronger strain. Full well, I trow, they hold their own, Gripping fast each bedded stone Wilis their tuhy roots, that go Down through the stiff slime-below. "' Well at last ! find that I Must leave them.—But in vain I-try ! Fierce as lightning on my brain Smites the dread truth—I try in vain ! Yea. more and more, in coils and flakes Like lontr Mood-red watersnakes, The deadly things around me clasp— The more X tug the more they grasp! My pent breath, growing hot and thin, Explodes with a dull booming din:; While through my unclenched -teeth the-wave 'Gomes drenching! is there none to save? 2sone near to see, to gue6S to trace 'Under the water's gleaming face The dread extremity of one Thus fastened down? Ah! is there none? Wild as vaiu ray struggles grow— Horror, horror, life must go! Hope gives up her ghost, despair.; I am dying; round me here Tiie long weeds erst so deeply red, Look, even where nearest, grey as lead, As 'mid them, -settling down, I sway To and .fro. and last away Life keeps bubbling—babbling, aye Through my cold lips wide agape, Wiiit", and stiffening to that shape Til'1'' take at last when done with breath 2n the .rigid face-of death. And now. while sullen urumniings make My spirit through mine ears to ache, Life-long memories interwrought "With all I ever felt or thought, Sacred fancies hidden long Lest the world should do them wrong, Pent-back feedings "that for years Just below the source of tears Folded close their glowing wings, Witt; a million other things, All thick hiterthronging press 'Through me drowning consciousness-; Then conies the thought of how my doom Must wrap my mother in its gloom.; And give rnv sire to hold his breath For anguish, hearing of my death, And wound one for.d heart to the core :In -the wide world evermore. All in the same instant so Do these quick thoughts come and go, Life withinjiiy failing brain Full of ipity, full of pain. Lastly a drear stupor "blent "With a -comfortless content, Into one mass of clammy clay Kneads mind and body. Drenched away "With one faint shudder, one last throe, Life stagnates and its shell lies low, Swaying weed-bound to and fro, Void of feeling and of breath, How die we, if this be not death ? Ah ! what thrilling, "thrilling pain Kindles through mv heart and brain'! Ah ! what horrors o'er me wave, Shadowing forth as from the grave-; Ah ! those sudden gleams of light, They fall like firebrands on my sight"! Ah ! what vast and heayv world Is all at once upon me hurled, Classing into one immense 'Oppression, every tortured sense. Yes ; I now remember well How my sudden fate befell ; And are we, then, in death's grim thrall, Thus conscious of our funeral ? But where are they who most-should mourn When my bier is graveward borne? With her whose face I yearn to see— Where are tliev ? and where is she? Where the cape-trirnrn'd followers jail ? Where the coffin and the pall 1 'Or do death aud nature strive "Within me ? Is the drowned alive ? A Model Newbpapek.—At Washing ton, as at all great political centres, there 5s a considerable body of resident corres pondents representing newspapers in all parts of the United States. A movement is on foot among them to establish a news paper upon what seems to }hem an ideal plan, which it need hardly be said, is very •difierent from that of any newspaper now existing. It is proposed that each one of the associated writers filial! contribute one article each week over his own signature, in ■which, he shall have full liberty to express amy opinion or ideas he may have. There will be no editor to pass judgment upon or reject communications from any of the asso ciated writers. All will thus be alike in authority and responsibility; and the pub. lie, to whom most of the writers would be familiar by name, will have au opportunity of reading what each one really thinks, and also, l»v the "way. of comparing the signed article with the special Washington -despatches in the writers own paper. 