LOCAL NEWS. OUR cablegrams announce the death of Earl Cairns, whose name is not un- familiar to colonists, his brother, now Sir William W. Cairns, having once held office as Governor of Queensland. The successor to the Earldom is Lord Gar- moyle the youth who recently paid a verdict of £10,000 in a breach of promise case brought against him by a jilted actress. ' Men of the Time ' gives the following biography of the deceased nobleman : — ' Cairns (Lord), the Right Hon. Hugh McCalmont, second son of the late William Cairns, Esq., of Cultra, co. Down, Ireland, was born in 1819, and educated at Trinity College, Dublin, where he graduated in high classical honours, was called to the bar at the Middle Temple in 1844, and soon ob- tained a first-rate practice. In 1852 he was elected in the Conservative interest for Belfast, which city he continued to represent till he was appointed in Oct., 1800, to succeed Sir J. L. Knight Bruce as Lord Justice of Appeal. He was made a Q.C. and elected a Bencher of Lincoln's Inn in 1856 ; and on the return of Lord Derby to power in 1858, Mr. Cairns was knighted, and appointed Solicitor Gene- ral. In that capacity be showed extra- ordinary ability; and his speeches have been deemed masterpieces of eloquence. On the return of Lord Derby to power in 1866, Sir Hugh Cairns became Attorney- General, and was made Lord Justice of Appeal Oct. 18. The announce- ment of his elevation to the peerage as Baron Cairns of Garmoyle, in the co. of Antrim, appeared in the London Gazette, Feb. 23, 1867. He became Lord High Chancellor, of Great Britain in Feb., 1868, and continued to hold that office until the resignation of Mr. Dis- raeli's ministry in Dec., 1868, after which time he continued to take an active part in the public and judicial business of the House of Lords. In Feb., 1874, on the return of the Conservative party to power, he was re-appointed Lord High Chan- cellor of England. Lord Cairns is Chan- cellor of the Uuiversity of Dublin, and a Governor of the Charterhouse. During the holidays the Gympie and Burrum lines have been largely patron- ised by pleasure seekers, the passenger traffic being very much larger than at any time since their opening. The early train yesterday to Gympie was the largest one that has yet left the local station, and was literally crammed with passen- gers, as also on its return in the evening, but under the lynx-eyed care of the ever- vigilant guard Davis it is pleasing to state that not a single hitch of any kind occurred. It reflects the greatest credit on Mr. Sexton and his staff that, taking into consideration the large passen- gar traffic of the last few days, not the slightest accident of any kind has oc- curred. From a telegram received last evening from Captain Tooth, we learn that he and his command, consisting of the Gympie and local companies of volun- teers, leave Brisbane by the Eurimbla this afternoon at 3 p.m. It is gratifying to learn that our warriors have still fur- ther distinguished themselves by win- ning several additional prizes, in the aggregate more than they did last year, and we have no doubt they will receive such a reception as their prowess de- mands. At the Police Court yesterday, John Curtis and Kitty, an aboriginal, for drunkenness, were discharged. O'Brien, for using obscene language, was fined £1 With costs. The existence of enormous quantities of that useful mineral, plumbago, at Bopple has been thoroughly demon- strated at merely the initiatory stages of the development of the Mount Bopple plumbago mine, and though a descrip- tion of the mine may be interesting, a personal inspection at the spot is particu- larly so. From Tiaro the mine is best approached on the eastern side of the high ridge that connects North and South Bopple mountains. This having been sealed, a descent is made on the western slope for some distance, and at about 300 feet below the old workings is the new mine, which has been opened out by Mr. C. S. Drain, who worked away at it with praiseworthy persever- ance, until he had succeeded, by a great amount of open-cast work, in laying bare a huge mass of rich plumbago bearing strata. The lode has been opened out at a point where the slate formation forms a junction with the granite rock. The lode is 30 feet in width between the walls and in consequence of the abundance and purity of the plumbago, it is confi- dently anticipated that about 2,000 tons can be raised with very little additional expenditure in stripping. To give any reasonable estimate or idea of the total quantity of the mineral obtainable would be impossible, for there are unmistake- able evidences that the supply is prac- tically inexhaustible. The 300 feet of backs to the old workings up the ridge will take ages to work out, without tak- ing into consideration the country under foot. The prospect held out by this enor- mous deposit has induced the proprietor to secure the attention of capitalists with a view of the erection of all the necessary machinery for properly converting the plumbago into the various marketable articles. The amount of capital required will be about £4000, and this will include the construction of a tramway from the mine to the railway. The variety of uses to which plumbago is put, warrant this undertaking and the capitalists who put their money into the concern would never have cause to regret it. Easter Monday at Tiaro was quite a gala day, as the populace turned out en masse for the purpose of thoroughly en- joying themselves. The early train as both from Maryborough and Gympie brought a very large influx of visitors, and sturdy yeomen with their families came pouring in from all parts on horseback, in buggies, and every species of vehicle imaginable, causing the usual quiet vil- lage to assume a very gay aspect. Under the auspices of Host Heath, of the Vic- toria Hotel, a liberal programme of races had been arranged, and were well patron- ized, the various events being keenly con- tested. A new feature in country meets of this kind was a neat card of the various races, got up in the orthodox style. Mr. J. Cunningham, as judge, and Messrs. Whannel and Andrews, as starter and clerk of the course, performed their duties to the complete satisfaction of everyone, while Host Heath, in his character of organiser of the meeting, was indefatig- able in his efforts to render it a success. A shooting match arranged by Mr. Haur- itz, the prizes for which were several valuable implements of agriculture, went off most successfully, and engaged the attention of a large number during the day. At Host Woodward's, of the Rail- way Hotel, a cricket match was played between the local Standard Club and the employees of the Wide Bay Sawmill, re- sulting in the former winning by eight wickets. Afterwards, several foot-races and other sports took place, all of which were well contested. The cricket match between the 1 Zingari club and the Wide Bay team resulted, after an exciting con- test, in the victory of the latter. The holiday wound up suitably by a grand ball in the Good Templars Hall, which was largely attended by the youth and beauty of Tiaro. The idea possessed by most people that to enjoy a holiday they need only go anywhere so long as it is out of Marybo- rough, has led to the complete desertion of the town during the last few days, but the holiday makers who have been en- joying the short relaxation from the usual everyday routine are returning rapidly to town from various parts of the district. The cricket match at the Gram- mar School, quoit tournament at the Post Office Hotel, and horse races at Tinana, helped to relieve the monotonous existence of those who remained in town from inability or disinclination to rura- lise. Several boating excursions were made yesterday to various pleasure spots on the river, and the local yachtsmen took advantage of the favorable wind to indulge in a day's sailing. One party of amateurs out on a jaunt had their enjoy- ment spoilt by a capsize off the wharves just after starting, but being all good swimmers and accustomed to such casu- alties, they sat on the keel of the boat un- concernedly until picked up by some passing friends. The influx of tourists from Pialba has set in and during the afternoon numerous buggy loads of sun- burnt and exhausted citizens returned to town. Mr. Hester has again left for the Bowen coalfield, and will probably not return to town until he has accomplished his work (says the Port Denison Times). The remainder of the paraphernalia con- nected with the diamond drill will be on the ground in a few days, and every- thing as far as possible being already prepared, it is anticipated that the drill will start on its exploring expedition in about five weeks time. Mr. Hester in- forms us that there is a seam of coal 10 feet below the Garrick seam, the size of which has not yet been ascertained, as a portion of its upper surface only is visible. The coal in this seam is said to be of first-class quality, and will be used for the engine. The first bore will be made about a quarter of a mile from where it crops up, and it is anticipated that the seam will be struck at a depth of about 100 feet. Other bores will then be put down to strike the seam at a greater depth. There is a probability that good coal and plenty of it will be found on this field, and if so it will, no doubt, be of considerable advantage to the port, provided always that the coalfields do not prove to be as numerous as the ports in Northern Queensland. Mr. Hester has endeavored to procure a good block of coal from this seam to forward to the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. The election of Sir Henry Parkes as member for Argyle in the N.S.W. Parlia- ment was marked by a little humor, which was heightened by an exceedingly clever and funny cartoon in the Sydney Bulletin, depicting Mr. Dalley trembl- ingly urging the Rev. J. Osborne (the unsuccessful candidate) to send the rising ghost of Parkes back into the grave. The passages of words between Dalley and Parkes in the Sydney Press were interesting reading. A humorous refer- ence to the sepulchral and resurrectional propensities of the late member for Tenterfield made by Mr. Dalley in his recent speech at Orange, had the effect of 'quickening the recollection' of the subject of that reference upon the politi- cal obsequies and resurrections of other public men ; and the result is a list of five appointments of Mr. Dalley as a member of the Legislative Council, and four resignations of his seat in that Chamber, together with a running com- mentary on the supposed motives of Mr. Dalley in accepting and relinquishing each appointment. WHEREVER Wolte's Schnapps has been intro- duced it has by force of merit obtained public confidence. 