Local and General News. The French are resuming offensive ope a ti ns in Madagascar. A German general has been arrested as a spy at Belfort, and conducted to the frontier.; ; The minutes of the: Execitive Council in tlle Johns' case were laid on the table of the I Assembly on Tucsday:nigh . . IMessrs.Edwards and Tighe will hold an important sale of.valuable land in one ol the best positioss on Bull ck Island, thlis after noon, at 3 o'clock. A large amnount of iron coal waggon material is now being discharged from the Colwyn, from I ondon. for Messrs. Alexan der Brown and Co.; of Newcastle. The bazaar in aid of the Hamilton Presby terian Church building fund'will be opened in the Lyceum Hall,: Newebmen-street, on Saturday next, at 3 o'clock, by MIr. James Fletcher, M.L.A. : Mr. Gairett convulsed tlhe House on Tues day night by the remark thalit vhile Parkde kept in power some years ago.by raising the Kiuma ghost, this Government was keeping in power by raising Parkes s ghost. We iVnay remiindl vendors of gunpowder and other explosive- comnpounds that the tine for receiving pom:der licenses expires this month.l Any one selling without the necessary permit is :l'able to a penalty of £50. The 'finea iron Aberdeen clipper' ship Patriarch is now loidiing wool iat the rail way wharf, opposite to the sheds. of .the Great: Northern Wo61 Dmrniiing and Ship bing~ Company. . The wool is supplied by the company named. . , Thcrc . was a. fine- displny of fish in the market yesterday afternoon, among which could be observed splendid bliack bream, mulletjew aitd gaifish.; Our celestial neigh bours were on the alert, smelling around, and remarking,'>'Ah.! vcelly ni'."J.i, ·.:;' There is now on exhibition in the window of Hunter's boot palace, Hunter street, a magnificent silver medrl, to be presented by Mr. Harry' Stegga'to the winner of the All comers handicap, to be run at the shop assistants': picic at Tomago to.diaty'.. -''-:: .Mr iEsmouid Hannell;: whilst sur~eying-at Hexham, despatched y.esterday the first snake of the season, which measured' 6 feet G inches.. The sniake was" of''tlhe black" species, :witli "i pijih' andi'd black 'striped' belly.' 'BIr.' Hanncll skiiined :the reptilc, bro6ughtiit:to Newcastle, and.shewed it .in our office. He purposes making ,a 'belt of the skin, which will be a curiosity. . . TheSt:'Leon' Cirbcus Company performed" last evening:in Brent's paddock'to a densely packed,audience, the reduction iri the prices of admission having a great, deal to dop with the success. 'The same programme as'g'iven the iprevious evening was submitted ;and was justly ap.preciated, whilst the. wild animals ,were inspected with evident curiosity.',?. Outrh attention was againi drawn yesterday to those bab iiiable spikes that are stand ing' abut'ahn inch or more over the level of the planks in the older portion of:tiherailway .wharf. 'IhTese spikes, are now, becoming an intolirable nuisance' to every 'peson wiho is cngagedat' thc-iliarf.' It is to be hbpel no further:reference to this', matter'may be -necessary on our part..,. , ;;--, ,: '. ; Laarge, qualRtities; of rock: salt,< in huge masses arcbeing discharged from the steamer Collaroy at the wharf. "By the way, this fine oldd .vessei'.looksin every respect: in'her old forni as df yore,' iiotwithstanding, her four years'or so burial' in .the ·sands intlie neigh bourhood of Manly Beach. .She, appears as if shel' siuld' till withstanud the," battle and tie breeze" for maiiy a long year'to'cmhe. So ibundiant aire the fisih it the 'present tiine'ii 'Lake Macquarie," that a fisherman at Belmoontdn lMondayd l1ist [secuied'.more fish than he had.done for the. past two months. The:hail o6ntlihe:ight; statediamiouinted tiono less than:sixty- nine baskets, and gieat num .becs had actually to beh thrown ,out;of the net. . This will, be. god news for sicater :?sdiiillas wh li'has a pel.cilht 'foi tlie' bluny 'denizens of'the'deen. n; :' ; '; 3" Mir. 'Garrett was veary lsppy in Tiesday iiight's'' deate :' ii 'his r etortso'to Mr.i' Lus combe'si prdtectionist inuterruptions. :..In . few..telling sentences he showed how.Mir. 'Iusgio'Qbh'indc his frienids 'iiwantedtoclibeapenu the? loaf hbyr putting :aa itax? on'awheiiti'aud flour, anud to make the pborfiian's lot :.easier ,by cixingh is.boots and clothes :andtthe:very imiiplcmeits' witisihich lie edrned his liveli From 'tii"~l'bk accoimmnodation'for tihe l]arge-trnffic-at times of carts at the market, frequii'ltetblockii~gs tak~dPlace, which usually -result;''i alt'ei'rations ibetween the carters that are oftenu hot and furious while they last,-and ;the language' used 'is generally fnot of.thc.mopst choice .nun, decorous kind. T'hese i ity 'al'tidrctieoiits, if they do not ,iiford instrnction, they ccrtair.ly create aanmounit of anmosemenit to a nvery large? umber of individuals who are always congregated in .this paiticuilir locality.',- iy . io;,i,'.. . : :!o io::tlessithblin nine troaks, cramimed vith: fat (calves, ..arrived hihre" by 'rail frotui;the ndrthern district; oP Tuesday evening, and were shipped thie .,ame night per steamer for Sydney iinarket?. Another large reinforce ment *of thpfsame kind, wvith fat" steers, rilivd've,ryei'di~y frdfi' the"saine source, and inteiided ilso~fol: the Sydney market. While 'ircotigiug"tlthi'inatter wes caiinot1 avoid'ie m'arking tliat 'it:i is' ,a pity thebre': isinsb'ii branch of the Preventier.,.of(.5Oruelty..to Aniimals Association in Newcastle, as there is work to .be found ihere. ·E;I:I'l': i : - i\ ,'!'.'t ,.;Vlihe forBuightly meeting of the Half-holi day Aspoeiatioi was held last night at the Rouish?:Ioteli/ITliee:? was a fiaf tircl?tudiuid: the president (Mir. W. Goodsir) being in the chair. The miniutes of the previous meeting ;vre 6eadl: and:'dof'firmied~i anld th& repbrts from thie committee wele received. On ac cobuuit o:bf' Mri Goddsii being about to leave the district, he resigned the position, of presidentf. ':Mr Richards wai?Rspp6iiitCd to fill the. position:of president, aniad MIr .Sandli lands.vice-president. Ahearty voteof thanks tfo;therietirin" ehaiiinu clbsie tili'diet'eidg. ;Wehave 'been d. sired to diirectattsition to el'a-advetiseiieit·' inn ourcol'iiv`iir i ?i?fe ence.to.theSfc sinmils of the celebrated hisio:i c! p?c re by F. fargent, "Closing scene in the life of Bepjamin.,Disrriteli, EarT of Bsaicosfield, K.." Th~peiotst?ire, whicht is an exceedingly artistic work, was pro duced..by.i the REfteleo process, in 20 separate printings. Subscrbers'isaimes are *now being takenfby-Mr.-.F ,W." Morisoi 85 King- street," tyd'aeyq, ahiose" rep~'eslr ativi will afford i?rt lovors?6tlthii'cit? ii'oppor; lunity of, beholding.t:his fine piecturi in a fie. day£ ' The ceremony of unfurling a niew banner for the Unied l'l;st~i':er:s'S..oodty wasper~ formed,on Tuesday evening at the Protestant HIall,'Sydney, in ,'the presence o6Ef a:iiode. rately large, assemblage. Mr A. Canmeron, M.L'A.,' tqok tli chair, Havitg delivered'a brief and aporopriate address, he formerly unfurled the banner. He said he remem bered the society in its early days, when its rall of membership numbered about S'; but now lhe believed they numbered nearly 200, and the society was one of the most pros perous trade organisations he knew of. They had had a hard struggle, but had reached a stage of prosperity of which they need not be ashlamd. At present the trade was in. volved in a trouble which capitalists called a strike; but he would say that they were bounded together not to dlemanid higher wages, but simply in.a prosperous time to resist a reduction of them. The banner had cost about £100, and it was an evidence of the vitality of the society. In unfurling it he wished the society a .most prosperous future, A concert andball followed. The Government offer a reward of £100 for information in connection, with. The: sbocking murder of the woman Regan at Forbes. Mr. Hudson says that in 12 months' time the outlany for the temporary water supply would be recouped, and the Govenv ment, would have a netprofit of thousands of pound?;. : : Dr. Mackellar and Dr. M'Laurin have, by reqluest of the Government, given their opinibon on' the practice of adm'nisteritg? chloroform. : They aegro: that ci should alwiaysbe administered in the: preseice o1 more thau one mtdical man: : The, action for £2000. damages, for in juries sustained in a collision, brought by John :Benson against the owners of the Balmain steamer Nellie, rrsnltcd in a com promise, plaintiff getting 10'0. Lieutenant-Colonel G(oodlet has been elected president of the Free-ltrade a ssocis tion; dessre. George Pile, H. Hudson, B. R. Wise and F. J. T'homas, vice-preidents; and Mr. George Pile, treasurer. A New Caledonian expir'ee iunied-Emil Chenelle, said to be the owner bf one of the wo?t?, dens in Little: Ersex-street, Sydney,rwas at the Central Police Court on T'luesdayi.sentenced ,;to Lhree months' hard labouc for varancyj.. A reward of£ 350, civen by Mar. Moses Cohen, the Bomnhata Fhiaers'. Flour Mill Company, the Victoriaon. Insul?eiife:'Cbm-' pany, ?,and the Governuiointl, :is offred for informantion as to the.persn or per:o. as who set tire to the company's mill on the 16th of, last month "· We are prepared," writos the JBanking' Record,' "to stind by tbe aounduess of our. bankili sechritiies, but ii irill be the s.fer. course for those who control our finao.ial affairs to keep the ship under easy sail, nd tospread .no studding sdils fur sidmg months to come." e' Pairliamieintary candi dstes continu to cirop up, speculative paragraphs being greatly favoured by country newspapers. lIr.Jamesl Ing!is (" Maori?') intends stand-. ing 'f'r New England,: and it is a?aid thit Mr.s M'Lean is going for Inverell under the auspiecs of the Lanld and Industrial Alliance; SAll Tuesday aid yestsrday Bliano:street from.one end to the other was a complete sea of hauid mud, which:was-something disgdauting to witness in. any civilised com-. munity in the 'iJth century, and certainly :eflects the utmostt'b'ame upon somebody connected with the city' council.' Surely something might be dose for Blane- street to reduce at least a portionof the <mud as lr$daidy indicated, for even persons walking along "the 'pavements liad their clotbhes thickly bespotted with mud caiused jiy, the sphish of the hors:s in the street: By the way," where are the horse so apers Ithat wee purchased at a high price by' the corporation.some time ?.kPk?. Dressed up in flaiinel robes in one tf the corporation sheds to keep thiemvarm and tidynio ociht, for they are truly ornamental-not useful.:' 