TRAINING KOTRR Delated theS^TON, Mosni. ? two improving rotinrf.^*011 Wre ri * proper, foUorfr* "Kg1 *»»«e tLr <** S&S;^a%Sa^S mile ud a half post ttafc BgfaKadhS'^ circuit at a ""**£*%$* what towards the finf8'h_*MS! y 00,1 rolUni. " dered at conrideHnSit w« if1 P* *5tEt?+ jrfnce his arrival. ^rh« fl«t eferW J' Thunderbolt strode vrn Sj* S^P To'th?UUdecnt Swdiut two milt0 ^ev' was followed by f pace. Commotion « m cWdcntly Sft oW at to S^rbM* VCry miIdl>' U"<* rOMdtbei^' r#r»H» not ridden-away from tht> course Ph.n-Mevaslel a circuit, and was then sent oi'^" Uslb!e Entered at a sound |*ice: The Traulnr ® toother roum round; und\rscnMIivc^dupon hi^d » over the outer rink. Uralla went« T^on,i rounds on the 6and, Senf^pleo'^2 working similarly. Cm 2 *nd %S r?,und\, but Monte Qitirto and^w? . 1uic«v allowed to stride along at three-nun*.? msion *«c tot half mile of twice round?TcX^ Welcome Jack, Acolyte, St Uiymt ? couplets on the inner track, the qwrSt l ^tl01 along stoutly ; and, subsequently sKi"IP"1 and Scaramouch cxerdscd OVer ih» S^ Girofia being given a couple of medium IT "**. sand. Brigand cxeeutcda fast r<3 $«!,011tht circle ; Lantern and Ruby, after thT ». e ou!fr running: home fast in good etrll f'"^s r°aod. cantered oncc round tfe Mother turn, came away from themil eMf three-quarter pace. W PrertirT^ ^ 5 P°st at ««. ,V Mainsail,"tTfcrtV?" exorcising; Remus, Anglesey, Cyclom .n^f® Louise having; been taken Way h ''^ Cook to some more favourable ". ® Chuckster, who looked none the worfe toMi' desperate finish in tho Handiest) i pveo long- medium work. D union Dirt n«f£.*P and Antonio, a, intervals, each Xtd fe viz., two improving rounds. Chi(oeva« tmJu ^ ma:^Jf?Iya!, U,aid- wh° 19 tt« Zm ete worked similarly Sister Unice was as fracfaa « ®vcr, but on being get goinj* rottied »*?*». ttte lower sheds at a ^ Si? Yectid had Washington, Phantom, ami V«i 5S£j ?n e bracks for moderate eimw Wildwke not having sufficiently recovered taTto mistake in the Handicap Flat Race at the Hunt Club meetimr to put in an appearance. Sioior and The Israelite were given two medium rounds: Helens lS°jj ^ strodc K®'1*"roand the same distance' Naddeiina, lAra, and Repose were not extended and ftewstead, after cantering once round, finished m with another turn rather brisker. The Aral St John, and Agitation were given a sterlinenllon'oi a couple of miles, the last-named quite holding htroira in the transaction, after which Country Boy and Jocular put in some good sound work-a remark which will hold good of Mr. Glasscock's chestnut colt Dis tiller. Coronet had two mild turns at faalf- pace Anchorite cantering round. Yenjy was again an ti sentce. but Stornoway, who has done more fast wort than any three horses at Remington, wis prea his customary two mile burst, being helped along by Agatha. J. Carter's trio- Hawthorn, Wymeric, »sd Kitawa-were treated to medium work on the sand; Trenton did uot please the touts on Saturday morn ing, but bis finish up of a twice round this mominj at a little over even time foi'the furlong was.i perform ance of aliigh standard of excellence from theeasenitli which he accomplished it. J. CrippsliadHobartdoin; long, slow, cantering work, but Derision, Duration, Landsborough, ilonattcli, Secret, and Sensation exer ci&cd; more stoutly. S. Mahonmadc Stonebrokc sal Hemlock bestir themselves. Mr. W. E. Dakin la Anita and Utopia come home four furlongs at three quarter speed, and there did not seem to bo much to choose between the pair. His Pamoclcs, First Con sul, Newmerella, and West Wind, together sitli Mr. Eli Jcllett's brother to Guesswork-Perchance by name-were given serviceable work, as were the tcaui6 under the care of James Wilson, jun., J. Tully, and W. Ptarase-the latter havin? lour ot Captain Ilaimes's horses in training, viz., Dullerin, Lantern, Rairman. and Woodbine. The item of in terest of tho morning was the advent of Prinw Imperial, and shortly after brealifast time Mr. J. Mayo brought the llawkesburv ilan Heap winner, in company with Ravensw orth, on to the triinin; ground. After a preliminary walk round tie latter went hito one of tlie boies, and on emerginE k1'' at half pace twice round the sand. Prince Irnpen". who socms to be just a'out ready to he wound uplor a two-milo contest, followed with tvro impronn; turns on the same gallop, arid although no line com be taken of his ability to stay a quarter of a mlt further than ho did in the Metropolitan, his con formation and action quite warrant 6ueh an assurnp t»ou- _ Tl'E5»AT. About a quarter to 5 o'clock, while Vf j1^ gloaming; Gritilths initiated prM^in^#T, ing DunKp and Antonio a fast mile. St Mil Doncastei- followed shortly afterward^ ^ coming along very stoutly from the "jen'!S01)0! post. Trenton executed a strong working?^ P a mile and a half, finishing very ffelL . j?. In good serviceable work twice round u Kit Nubbles being accorded a s««t same traok. All eyes were taod on uvn pod ai he emerged from his box, wd. after ^ quietly round past the gorftping-abedB,, m (te was pioked up hy Windiester wd Tbu ^n; trio rattling home at a treat i»oe. i,re coverod In 1m. 54s., and L[rcH^'®PP^n ?csWCis9i his companions in trouble- ^ m.'Lieanii The moderately twice round the tanVis , ^ Tr*wler finished up with a k mile. KennHh and Opi spurted a bn«J*jn 62u. Dividend and Arsenal mn four furtod ^ Prince imperial, after can^^S,"? iround ^ -outer A vas glvon anoth" «fflpsnion tsxf-asj .ft.ai.ftjs ?^Wt^sissss? iwipU)' of improving rounds on "'Of ^^oountry V»ngui^cantercd twice round. 6t ^ mom ng Borpulomoi thebert ^Jlop of ^ b,vmg 'cuSj'sS .'X® which ho cveout d fa » .wm° (iuart He)quo and SlCTor put In » $>e excrdsrf «'e after a canter. P^^XirremarkeMr gas;, Lord round th0M, "hon dropping out, Xully gentle work on "^'wili. post and 8tri"P " Uterodrcun t fur|0ngsin G2l8.,a and ItcP0;«.y covercd !'10, ° tl,e heavinMs of «» dashinE ^ reccrd considci".11? Anita ana another «rr c°?a Sk. Dakin d.d not let ffl d "tar Mr W. & Dak'11 did not ~ SriJeolon? above half-pact-, but Damocles and muit li*d a tussle over half a mile, in which tho Zm moved victorious in 53}b. Kenvierelk and West iVind exercised qiretly. J. Crivpa bad Uobart, Duration, Derision, Sensation, Strugglcr, Monntbeh, and Ambts&dress; doing useful work, tho same being meted out be II. Veend to Phantom, Veniot* IVoshine ton and Dsrk Cuke ; (ind by S. Mahou to l'eorfeye, Uchlock, Stonebroke, Lwda ; and Reprise, Laving ton and Tamcia, under the care of Sir. W. Filiate csoicrcd at intervals twice round the sand, Middle maifh l>"ta fast ""'e on ^<! ^n After dinner Tho Pencil went a strong mflennda (jaJ/ou die track inside the course proper, being «c rooiimirf the first wile by Don Bon. Lucky ait and ItiiiLnwister put in a very smart mile on Die outer tract, the time being lin. 51s. Off Colour and First Mncc were given a sharp buret round entered. The Marchioness fillv rpurted a f mile. The two year olds under Mr. W E jtofcitt, ciwtcred uii spirted - ' ' "ruin on tlic track, putting-1 ,. .ir half mils- Tne stornoway was ijnin si-cat WEDNESDAY, i the tracks, albeit W. r Ca'^ "nd TafpeiaTnd R D-rctt Fiijatc wit'1 Jfy'^uard, Oudcis, Winchester, and witn i-ivcn>°o^ ®ji»a courso prior to hlni. His Tiinii^crbolti * <>*. odilIct Donc&ster;, ^ .C., ySLnt consisting ofbt. modoratcly. (I^tacliincnt, j.ci-orcllo, a',d n?"a ' oU,id in sweaters a couple of Kit Nubbles fctr0^ r ce Middlemarcli cantered fnilcs at three-quarter p d tl t , where wit'i occibionnl spurts tvM ,,.paC(X Stationer »"<!, and Thunderbolt cin li.cpool, « mile and a ha f post, bred round , "ff -t an even trait nil reach wlicn "Sen tlio trio started at their top, jn;' the to be in difficulties before \Viiic!icster a pcau - comrniS<Ht;appearanees U'rccmorCi",? rehowever, for, although tho son yore vciy nit was at one time four -fSt.Ororgc: widths ^ djl overhauled his 'njl'is ' , |10mc heads and tails to tlie moncnts, and thej Ui(j cight fmlon&8 l,cing lite and a nu ' j 493 Sardius strode 10 E;°tiatud in ^t)(l of 16 seconds to the fur moil's at " 2 on for tw0 miles, run '%. th?WtaU niilc in 57seo. StonebroUe ^tcd ' Btronj working. ound i :7 a jtrons working gallop. Trenton im «inie preliminary cantering V traveling 0"nu up aime i Lol.d wilton galloped a ., ^°'^n f a 'hade over even Oine. Commotion, ,1c and a ha'ta jbui. '« ., nt,"roach iiflf con ^T'Tswun" round the tan twice at iiair-pace. ( ?alefcicc, 8 --.irentovoinlprovingrounds. Chats n+h rat in a strong round, running the last hal! orth rutin Tnnnn° Spurted home after cantcriug; mcarcd to be rapidly approaching con ^ round the tan twice at halfjiace. ( Imperial put in i imprest; "a'ruard and Oudeis cantcrcd quiet y. Lavington , 3 up a mile and a half wrcuit vnth a risk run home. Anchorite, who moved vey Tdcrlv v.as given two slow turns over the sand, let beins accorded two brisk canters as a sweat ntitude cxccuted some good thrce-quarter-paso ork as also did Egbert, Aco'.yte, St Lawrence, unc Jack were sent two miles at three uarter pace inside the course proper, where the -st of tic team, with the exception of Hurricane, .-0 exorcised. Hiffinbothaiu's charges ft ore not ex -nded, and Plausible pottered on the ton. Tho Agent nd ft. John came home fast on the conclusion of a cond round of the Bind. Si^nor and Israelite ntercd three times, and Lantern and Iluby our times, round the outer circle. Islander nt in "cod serviceable work, his stable com nious Country Boy and Jocular striding a couple f circuits of the sand at three-quarter speed, iiveiistt'oitli, Lottie, Tieibia, Tarpoia, Helcne, tlie "on. James White's horses, J. Wilson, jun.'e, Carter's, nd (lie oihers of Mr. C. L. Maodona'd'6 team exercised .oderattly, tlie monotony being only relieved by The rawlcr spinning merrily over a niila and a quarter in 23s. Stornoway had Medea as a companion in a ore mile-and-a-half gallop at three-quarter pace, ;:Uia niovin» at half-speed Perchance wound up on; »oi'k with a coup'o of brisk turns. Anita and j -o:i Bon ran a fast half mile. Derision and Ilobart sceutcd a stout once round. The-rest of Cripps's j ii'Ecs, tosether with those under tho eare of H. I 'cend, A. Daris, and J. Tullv. wero (tiven useful " ou;h not sensational work. ' Dunn? the morning . lJrown brought Uoneydew, Comet, Lord Kxeter, osiiire, and Yellow Jacket on to the training ouud, and worked them moderately inside the urso proper. Thubsdat. Tlioufh a thick Scotch mist fell about a quarter ast 4 o'clock the morninjj broke fine and dear, jiner;, though early astir, not caring to commencc porat'.ons; albeit, as soon as a fair start was made, Hops came fast and furious. Morrison was once ore the pioneer, St. odille and J)oncast?r compas ng a mile in lui. 65s., the St. Albans fllly moving cry freely. The Israelite put in a solid two-mile nop a mile and seven furlongs of which oocupieid m. 46s. V.C. and Harmony had a medium m, tbe colt continuing his journey another round, gnor was also tent an excelient two miles, a una of which was got over in 2m. 8S|«. Helene mo stronj|y once round, Leporello was given c-'iimii cMrase, and Commotion and Plausiblo went i naii pace a couple of circuits of the tan. Kit to another of the two-mile fraternity, the vnnrai? ° er. a"d Little Nell creatine ft verj* ar""by tl-ie ttyie in whioh he pe« ith o^WY'i'g 3m. 574s. Stonebroko -ner^ wu'1 H!?rke4 strongly, as also did Bob uffi enn? j j? g !n four ,nilcs on the sand. titer cS bnt Jlriek,y oneo round tho wrdse on' rtrl0t?!l,sis,y 40 moderate a!f mile. Mnn? ssie ®Purtcd ft smart urst Oristo aiid Tempo had a mile diantage, although bp i!i(1 no^6how to any great 'lyinlm s"o fi1? fi0t home m advance of tho ce! Vinditter °?c?. ronnd at » I ork. did serviceable \- an. 'LhldA^cl,al moved ont» T«ind ubv nwrntia't^ iWngtUlg L Ii8ntcrn and ^ luff te tuf."8' up .with ( Uaudica^) brush. inVbidrW^O^d three-quaxtcT w Uas most conspicuous. eoyerod in lln. 27^ .~ww vciu^ coverw « j emc, Tamarisk, and Brigantiuc cantercw mrted h»lf a mUe, the former flmsMng soma lengw* front in KSs. Lnvington and Mia <5ar* rawoo ome halt a mile in 57s. Vrinco imperial and Tr«»tOT extcotuTO»»ded attention,-and alter a pwUminwy fund they started off trom the mile and a nal" poss, 'ie lonuet having a length aiid a lialLadvanUge w renton as they passed the neiit turlong, wiucin SM. ew Zealander eteidUy reduced as too .tssod, cveatuftlly reaching the winning post Uurpc iart«w ot a length to the good, the caropo etcw rejistcrlng 2m. 3Ts. for tho circuit w we,1 ni Juanha, with Lacrosgc for a companion, pov. »mile In good stvle in lm. 62s. Satdiug wasKivoa ktrid'wg gallop oi'two miles. Anohorito bad iQng, ovv cantering, Liverpool executing similw work la ''fates. uta.Ua ran a good inile. Maddeilna, jposc, anSUra spurted halt a mile, ^he Fulhftltt-pwit '»te winner not moving so freely M usual, ii'ng "i Mid Lucky Hit were 'tlven a round ftt T three-quaifter pace, Chuckstcr striding pnlwly along for a mils, Kenneth mid ividend spurted half ft mile in 60s. Despot ud KordeuWdt went ft utile ftnd ft iialt lu ^sty\o,Oio round ooeuuylug im, its., the oolt ^.'8 ridden to keep with the^groy. First Uoneydew following their examine: his steUe ^tilon, Lord Exeter, Imitating the trio. Alpha 4 "ojⅈ, as also Hawthorn, put in useful Work. 9m4m, after a circuit of tho tan. shifted on to jfche vS?kw^wmt'lottie a fast mile. Dirk BatUraiek T",tt,}»P.were sent eight furlongs, six of wWoh wpled liu. 27s. Coronet bad ft couple ot lm * Wl ex&niple; followed to Tarpdft, !to ril^ctoeU «P). fiftVsrt. ftnd Oiataworth, itartJJtuH>< improved the paoe, the finishing as named, the lUid tnovisg very ^8 2m. 40#. for die round, t to long, slow worit. Aoolyte end w^5. com'oitibiy round in £m. 4te. Genoa flnUhed up with amUe to oofflZS8?6 prSP*J ta ovw ttoe.Wrp BrinVman five furlongs,kainsailftnd Pert ^efately. v tord Wilton b«d The ?^^SE®4.ttsSs# &£»£WW eases strong pace. Monsttteh and Straggler finished a mile in liu. B5J0. Anita, who looks remarkably well, skimmed half a mile in 63sco., Damocles and Utopia occupying 65sco. in completing a similar Journey. Ilobart and Duration spun along a very excellent mile, which was negotiated in lm. ftljs. In the afternoon The Pcncil went three improving rounds inside the course proper, the last mile boing covered in even time. Wizard cantered mildly. Forlorn Hope and Vanguard started together, but the latter was quickly beaten off, and a Proto-Martyr filly in Mr. M. P.whitt.v's stable took liis place, the pair moving along evenly; Forlorn Hope executing a round in 2m. 3Ss. First Consul and Mcuotti spurted half a mile. FEIDAT. After daylight tho first pair to appear on the tracks were V.C. and Hattnony, who together with Don castor-St. Oilille being cither an absentee or having worked in the dark-exercised moderately. Arsenal \Vcnt a strong round at three-quattcr paee, Com motion being still restricted to medium-pace work on the tan, an easy task, which, contrary to the usual custom, has been tho only one allotted him during the week. Liverpool went a mile cirouit of the sand alone, and then followed in the tracks of Thunder bolt, who started some three or four lengths ahead of him. Striding etoutly along, the mile was traversed in lm. 49s., the mile and a quarter in 2in. 10s., and the entire round in 2m. 3SAs., the pair finishing close together, and tho excellence of the gallop mainly consisting in tho case with which it was accom plished, no attempt at riding out to the bitter end being observable. Sardius executed a strong twice round. Lord Wilton and The Bishop, followed by Mlddlemarch, cantered slowly over-the tan, Laving ton indulging in a sweat. Claudian was sent a round at half-pace. Lesbia finished up a circuit by running home at three-quarter speed, covering five furlongs in lm. Ills. Winchester and Oudcis worked moderately in sweaters, Off Colour and First Prince emulating- their example on the tan, and Uuby and Lantern inside the course proper. Plausible put in a second turn at _ three-quarter pace, and looked on tho improving side, as he moved more freely than ever. Trenton only ? went at half pace, but 6eemcd to go rather short. The Trawler had a Ionj sweat on the tan. Honcydew cantered twice-round. Royal Maid and Chatsworth went two-rounds, finishing up with a fast half-mile. Coronet had three mild turns for a sweat on tho tan, where Moonshec and Anchorite at intervals also exercised. Waiting Maid cantered on the sand, as also did Uralla, Nordcnfcldt, and Despot. Signor went a couple of rounds at meJium pice. Ravens worth and Prince Imperial, after a preliminary canter, put in- a round at three-quarter speed. Bob Coo|ter, Lottie, Agatha, and old Bathurst exer cised slowly, but Stornoway was a^ain an absentee. Kit Nubbles cantered twice round tho sand, Acolyte, St. Lawrence, and Welcome Jack excrci-cd mode rately on -the inner course, the rest of Coffey's tcain patronising the sand track. St John and Country Boy cantered, and put in a strong round. Tarpeia cantered and spurted. Sissy was given two half-pace turiis on the tan. Tom' Brown made his first appearance, and went two improving rounds. St. Paul and Dividend ran a smart half mile, and cantered round tho tan, the former cvincing signs of a slight lameness. Lord Exeter put in a couple of strong turns on the inner course. Lucky Hit, King master, and the others of James Wilson's, juo., team, were restricted to cantering exercise. Dunlop and Dirk Hatteraick at intervals strode round at three-quarter pace. Hawthorn, Wymeric, and Kitawa were not extended. Jocular and Islander ran seven furlongs pretty smartly. Agitation and The Agent spun over a mile and a quarter in '2m. Damocles and Utopia spurted half a mile in 64J& Anita tra versed the same distance at three-quarter pace. Hobart and Duration moved nicely over six furlongs in lm. 21s. Strugglcr and Scusatlon went a smart mile. CAULFIELD, TCESDAY. The fine weather of the past few days has proved most beneficial to the tracks. The ranger opened the outer running of the course proper, which was in good order, and some fine, sound work was done during the morning. Grace Darling was the first to appear, and she cantered onec round and strode along for another cirouit, executing a nice working gallop. Wavcrlcy on the training track was bowling alone for serviceable work. Vision cantered once round the ground, running from the turn at a sharp pace home, when Blink Bonny and Hippogriff ran onee round, finishing up at a sharpish canter. They afterwards walked to the bottom cud of the straight, and on wheeling round they broke away for a strong gallop over a mile and a half. On rising the hill Ilippogriff showed the mare the way, though only on sufferance, and he led to the turn, where the mare was on terms, and she finished home in front, the heroine of last year going well, and she pulled up sound. After the expiration of a quarter of an hour Blink Bonny again cantered round, running home at a brisk canter the last quarter of a mile. Robin and Umberto were doing medium work on the sand. Afterwards Umberto came on the track, and he ran over a mile of ground for a useful gallop. Mozart and Highland Chief were cantering in conipuiy, afterwards Mozart ran over the Cup dis tance, Highland Chief joining him at the mile post; and he kept the Cup horse goiug for a string gallop; fioiicrucian and Astronomer were doinj EOUIC good pace work on the sand, where Melodious bowled along for a useful ga'.lop once round. All attention was now turned to the Queens land horse Velocipedc, who Bcncc seems to have in rare fettle. Ho walked down the straight, and turn ing be broke away at the half dUtinoeat a strong pace, Chandoj joinirg hiui at the mile post, and AI bonus at the five furlongs post, "but the son of Penman hid his companions in trouble when fairty in the line for home, executing an cx oellcnt gallop, Solo and Louis were treated to some capital work, and Lizettc was exercising moderately; Plympton. with Master John, ran a good pace over four furlongs, followed by St. Elleu for useful pace exercise, Master Pinctop working on the sand ; Peeping Tom, Oculist, ana Idle Boy doing ditto on the same track. Clansman was accompanied by the two-year-old Defrauder for cantering work, and they rattled home strongly from the half-mile ; Bonny Uelle, with Gadfly, also running home sharply the same distance. Eagle Grange was indulged in a canter, the colt having arrived overland the day pre vious. Oamerine, Manxman II., and Dulcet went out in company. After doing a canter, the two former ran a brisk gallop over half a mile, the oolt going well. Duloet followed at an interval for similar work. Vanderbilt and Union Jack wcro doing some strong exercise. Bohemian worked mildly on the sand, violet was on the track; also Warn eld. Douglas, Phoobe Walton, and the Rapid Bay filly worked in company, and they ran two or three fur longs smartly, the'hurdle bono afterwards doing a serrioeable gallop. Lando, who looks in great form, was doing some fair paoe exercise, finishing by run ning over a strong mile. Primus, after cauteriug, brushed home fast the last four furlongs. Don Giovan and Beelzebub were doing exercise in com pany, finishing with a fast run the last half mile, and Lady Ashton strode round the ground a oouple of times for a strong gallop: this mare looks well. General Jackson and Stag worked in oompany for some good strong pace work, when Too Too, after cantoring a circle, ran a round of the track atbist paoe, going well. Orlando and tlossifaoc ran a brisk five furlongs, and Prinoe Regent was cantering on the sand. Salvo Bowled along at a strong paoe over five fur longs ; at also did Mabel Gray and Isbmael; they were followed by Louise Boftaoud Hero Goes over a five furlong spin : Sydney doing mediun work, whilst Ditto Strode twloc round the ground for servioe&blo; oxerrigo, finishing up strongly. In the afternoon Mr. Condolly had six or eevoh horses all going through some good paee exercise, including Auios and Bpnnte Lad. (freeze Oat, and the Don Giovanni colt. Mr. Davis lud Days tar and Dexter exercising, finishing j home tho last but mile at a brisk run; Garibaldi, who j was very fresh, with the Zoe oolt were doing work twice round -.First Pop strode along for a bit of shaip exercise, and Delimit was cantering. Carter was Jjforttlnjg the Brfdosmaid oolt and a brown mare. Pinetop was doing tome useful work twicc round the running ground, running home fast seven or eight furlong*; he was followed by Vision, who cantered paoe round, and movod along another circle at a rtrongtoh gallop. . Tuobsdat. A mtgnlOoent spring morning welcomed visitors to the training tracks at Caulfield: and early risen were rewarded by seeing aome capital work. Mr. Connolly was the licit to business with Lady Ashton, the big ware striding along for sound exercise twice round outer portion of tho running ground. The coin Don Giovan and Lord Caanocller In Mmpany, after cantering, rau a brisk half mile; Beelaebub accomplishing serviceable excr 2? I1*0 ta«M« training ground; Mowlfaoe, win KUtMhlp, ran a strong mile on tho turf; Bos worui and Real Jam were doing some medium-pooe work a ooaple of times round tne ground, and they pn pome from the turn at throe-quarter speed; the wotherto old Richmond Is looking very healthy and wml Tho two y«u> old delta was oantering. ana ran . ? w »i wn » Gray Mot Gasaltar «vuuu .""-pact exercise on the turf for ft couple of circuits; this mare is looking well. Gasburner, Parody, and Sparklu being treated to some nice pace-work, when Mozart appeared on the turf, and, cantering to the turn, the-colt strode along (or a good working gallop. Orlando, who was doing some snaip exercise at the time, ran in oompany with the Cup horse to the mile post, where his stable companion. Highland Chief, was in waiting, and, joining Mozart, finished an excellent gallopSomethingoveramileandahalf. Uituk Bonny and Hippogriff, after doing some cantering, strode over a mile and a half in capital form. Gracc Darling was Bent the Cup distance, Clifton being in company down the straight, the maro picking up The Ghost at the three-quarters post; they rattled liome in com pany ; but the Diver's daughter had Iter com panion in difficulties when lairly in the line for home. The Tasmanian representative Vision had Master Pine tap for a companion, and after cantering a round they galloped another one, which was a bit slow in the run home. Too Too was cantering. Velocipede ran a mile and a half at about three-quarter pace. Eagle '0range strode strongly over a mile. Umberto, after working on the sand in company with Robin, was on the turf for a useful mile gallop. Astronomer and Bosicrucian doing some halt-pace exercise on the sand over a couple of turns. Doadicea was on the inner track, and lilwood, alter going slowlv, ran home a strong pace from the halt mile, Solo and Louis, after doing a long canter, ran a fast six furlongs, going well. Plympton was moving along at half pace for a circle of the turf, where tit. Ellen led Master John tor a brisk gallop over four furlongs. Camarine, with Manxman II., bowled over four furlongs for a capital KAllop. Dulcet, Dexter, and Day Star were working moderately, and Ditto ran a couple of limes round for serviceable work. Albanusand Chandos were running home smartly after cantcring, and Lando galloped a strong mile. Clansman and Defrauder brushed along over half a mile. General Jaokson, Waverley, and Melodious worked slowly at intervals, afterwards the two latter ran five furlongs at a brisk gallop, Violet doing ditto. Meerschaum strode along for a useful working gallop about six or seven furlongs, Douglas and Union Jack doing strong work in company for once round the ground. Bonny Bell, with Gadfly, brushed along at a fast pace from the half mile, Mabel Gray doing useful exercise, Salvo striding onec round at a brisk canter, and Maroney was moving along. Peeping Tom, Lizctte, Tho Owl, Oculist, and several other horses were on the various tracks during the day. 