Mr Alfred .Dumpier opeued bis dramatic season at the Exhibition Theatre last even ing with the above popular production. The house, although not crowded, was apprecia tive and critical, and entered with enthusi asm into the spirit of the performance. No play is more familiar than the sublime tragedy of Hamlet, and certainly none has been the subject of so much discussion. It is gene rally acknowledged that the little and subsidiary incidents in the lives of our greatest men have done much in preserving and keeping alive their names in history. For instance, no oue remembers Johnson without associating his talents with his irritable temperament and prodigious appe tite. Byron bad grave private faults and estranged family relations. Goldsmith was too improvident to avert hunger, and too clumsy to make a bow. In like manner, we find in Hamlet that, though the author's precise meaning is not agreed npon by all parties, still the play so far from suffering only derives greater favor from the circumstance. For example, the qnestion of Hamlet's sanity has been one on which some of the most profound stndents of the character have held to be matter of doubt and controversy. From whatever cause the dramatis person of the pensive, abstracted, melancholy Prince of Denmark seems to be the centre of au ever widening ever freshening circle. " Wrapped in the solitnde of its own originality," the character of Hamlet is regarded as the Napoleon of the stage, the man without a model and without a shadow—interesting from a psychological as well as from a dramatic point of view. Thus the actor gho essays the role must needs have strong claims to distinction, and nowhere does the tyro so show his weakness and vanity as when he undertakes this character. Mr Dampier plays Hamlet as we thought he would. He makes him a living, soulful, gentlo nature— " cruel only to be kind"—in whom, to sorrow at the circumstances of his father's death is united an overwhelming determination to sift the deed to the bottom, and the expedient of insanity is adopted as the most effective means to that end. With a commanding, dignified presence, a thoughtful and melancholy gesture, a grace ful carriage, and a voice resonant and flexible, the representation was made pre eminent by a characteristic with which only genin3 can invest it—simplicity. In addition to these Mr Dampier showed an appreciation of detail that conld only be acquired by care and study, and throughout an entire consonance in and sympathy with the philosophy nnd sentiments of the melan choly prince. His best scenes were bis interview with Ophelia where he ntters the words " Get thee to a nnnnery," and in his exposure of the design of the officers who waited npon him to find out the reason of his strange behavior, when he exclaims " Yon may fret me, bnt yon cannot play upon me." At the end of each act Mr Dampier was honored with an enthusiastic recall before.the curtain. The remaining characters in the drama were efficiently filled. Claudius, the King of Denmark, was well acted by. Mr Harry Stone ham. Mr Holloway made a capital ghost, his fine voice giving fnll effect to the scene, and ho also took the character of Laertes in an efficient manner. Gertrude, the Queen of Denmark, was acted with becoming dignity and effect by Mrs Edmund Holloway, and last bat far from least, Miss Katharine Russell (who essayed Ophelia), discharged her dnties in an admirablemancer. All the remaining characters were well filled, including the firatgravediggerby Mr H.Leston. The dresses were magnificent and costly, and the orchestra strong and effective. The scenery was not of so elaborate a character. To-night the " Black Flag " will be placed upon the stage, and the great drama of that favorite author—Henry Pettitt—is certain to , draw a crowded- house, as Geelong playgoers will be too sensible of the merits and claims of the present company to neglect according that patronage which they so well deserve. 