SPOUTING- NOTES. THE TUliP. S.A.J.C. Racks. Cup Day. (from our HriliOUKIiE CORRESPONDENT.) Saturduv,9tli 3Iarch. The second day of the Adelaide meeting was a •satis factory out as the attendance wusjjood, nud the weather fine though dull. His Excelleuey and suite were amongst the visitors. Lord Wilton won tho Adelaide Cup com fortably, the great certainty Conjecture beiii'.r quite out of itat tho finish. Britisher ran well, as also did the little thought of Anchorite, but the rider of Lord Wilton won without using whip or spur. Hobart stumbled and lost his jockey, which accident threw Sardius out a little, but aa the mishap occurred before juiif u mile had been covered it is probable that it did not affect the result. Moore, who piloted Conjecture, was disqualified for three months for disobeying the starter's orders. The following were the events:— Maidkn 1'latk.—A sweepstakes of sows each for starters, with 100 sovs. added. Weight for ago. One mile aud a quarter, Mr. D. S. "Wallace's b li Capri, -l years, 9 st (O'Brien) 1 Sir, F. Ilenty's br c Gohanna, .'1 years, 8 st 7 lbi' (St. Albans) 2 Mr. J. Wilson's cli c Hampstead, - years, G st lji lbs ^ Nothing,'else went. Betting—Eveu Hampstead and Gohanna,2 to 1 Capri. Ilampstead, who got the best of the start, made tho running to the abattoirs where he wan passed by Gohanna. In the straight 0 lirieu called on Capri who sailed by the other two, defeating Gohanna by about three lengths. Time— 2 minutes 1GJ seconds. \ Nukskkt Handicap.—A sweepstakes of 5 sotb. each with 150 sovs. added. For 2 year-old. Second horse 20 sovs. from the prize. Six furlongs. Mr. S. G. Cook's cli o Kemus, 7st Mbs (Flannagan) 1 Mr. S. Miller's b f Ulaluuie, 7st 91bs (Olds) t Mr. T. Coffey's b f Honeycomb, 7st71bs (Sanders) t The other starters were .Tuanna, Arsenal, Solo, Fern side, Candaee, Kemus, Gasburner, Delamia. Betting 3 to I Arsenal, 5 to 1 Solo, Honeycomb, Delamia, 7 to 1 llemu-j, 7 to 10 to 1 others. Juannu led over the tan followed by Heauis aud Delamia. Below the distance Remus came out aud won by nearly two lengths from Houeycomb aud Ulalume, who rau a dead heat for second. Juanua, Fcruside aud Caudacc close up. Time —1 mm. 2b sees. Adklaidi: Cur.—A handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each h ft, with 500 sovs. added. Second horse, 50 sovs., third horse 25 sovs. from the prize (IK) subs.) One mile and a half and a furlong. Mr. E. W. Ellis's ch h Lord Wilton, 4 yrs, 7 at (Robertson) 1 Mr. D. M. Robertson's b h Anchorite, 4 yrs, 7 st 7 lbs (Cope) 2 Mr. L. Watson'3 b h Sardius, 4 yrs, 8 st 10 lbs (M'Grade) 3 Welcome Jack, Madcap, Camerine, Prometheus, Grace Darling, Plausible, Hazard, Anglesey, Lantern, 1 Conjecture, Ruby, Britisher, Hobart and Gohanua, also started. Betting : 3 to 1 Conjecture, i to 1 Britisher, 5 to 1 Lantern, S to 1 Lord Wilton, 10 to 25, to 1 on others. There was some little trouble about the start, but the horse* got away on good terms with each other. I though Camerine and Lord Wilton showed out with a slighr- advantage. Lantern led past the stand, followed by* Welcome Jack and Hazard. Hobart stumbled and fell, unseating his rider, who was not, however, hurt. , Lantern led round the turn by half a length from Con- ; jecture, Lord Wilton, Prometheus and Hazard follow- I ing in that order. By the river Conjecture ahowed in I front, rrometheus aud Lantern running next, attended | by Lord Wilton aud Britisher; nearing the abattoirs, 1 Hazard went up to Conjecture and deprived him of the lead, but was passed by Britisher who led into tho straight. The latter was passed by Anchorite, but . Lord Wilton, who was always near the front, came away in the straight, and won by over a length from Anchorite, Sardius third. Plausible fourth, Briti sher fifth, Lautcrn sixth, and Prometheus last. Time— Selling Huhdle Race.—A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each for starters; with 100 sovs. added. The winner to be sold for £100. Weight for age, with selling allow ances. One mile and three-quarters. Mr. R. Sevior's ch g Fusilier (nil), 9 st 11 lb, (Grubb) W.O. The withdrawal of tho others left Fusilier companiou less, and he contented himself with cantering up the straight. Flyixu Handicap.—A sweopstakes of 3 sovs. each for starters, with 100 sovs. added. Three-quarters of a mile. Mr. A. Harvey's br h Middlemarch, 4 yrs, Sst lOlbs (Robertson) 1 Hon. W. Pearson's br c Arsenal, 2 yrs, Gst lllbs (G. Brown) 2 Mr. W. Crozier'sb m Miss Merlin Gst Jibs, including lilbs overweight (Nicholson) 3 The other starters were The Ghost, Meteor, Stafford, Duenna, Pailleroo, Luck}* Hit, Marie Louise, Agnes, Eagle, Sunstroke, "Wanda, Gymkhaua, East Lvnne. Betting: 5 to 1 Gymkhana and Meteor; 0 to 1 Marie Louise; S to 1 The Ghost, Stafford, Pailleroo and Agnes; 10 to 1 Middlemarch and others. Marie Louise, Meteor, and The Gho^t, showed prominently in the Urst part of the race, but Miss Merlin appeared to be the first at the tail crossing. Iusidc the distance Middlemarch came with agood run, and won by half a length from Arsenal, Miss Merlin third, and Pailleroo fourth. Time—1 min 17.J sees. The weights for the Handicap aud Hurdle Race in connection with the Mystic Pari: Races appear in another column. FOOTBALL. The Sandhurst Imperials met tho Southern Cross in the Upper Reserve on Saturday, the game resulting in a win for the Imperials by 1 goal and 12 behinds to 1 behind obtained by the Cross. Bradley, t he Imperial captain, won the toss from Howley, who acted similarly for the Southern Cross, and the latter kicked off towards Barnard-street. The ball was well returned and soon sent to the Cross end, where several behinds in succession were obtained by the Imperials. The play during most of the tirst half was chietiy in Southern Cross territory; the scores at half-time being Imperials 8 behinds; Southern Cross nil. I.n the second half the play was soon sent to the Cross end, where J. Sharp from a place kick scored the first goal for the Imperials. Tho Cross now rallied and brought the ball to tho Imperial end, and scored their first behind. Shortly afterwards time was called, the scores this half being Imperials 1 goal 4 behinds; Southern Cross 1 behind. For the winners Way, Sharp (2), Izatt, O'Neill, Bermuda, Griffiths, Blockherrus and Magee played splendidly; whilst. Da vies, Cunningham, Healey, Howley, Briggs aud Butler worked hard for the Cross. Mr. Storey acted impartially as central umpire. A great deal of inconvcnienco was occasioned to the plavers through some of the supporters of both sides congregating on the grouud. A mat:li was played at Long Gully on Satur day between the Long Gully Alberts and tho West End, which resulted in a decided victory for tho Alberts, who scored G iroals and U behinds to their opponents one goal aud seven behinds. For the victors, Curry, Rosser aud Cooke played a grand game, whilst Dean, Nagle and Loader, did likewise for their side. The secretary of the St. Andrew's Football Club writes " The match that was played between the St. Audrew's College Football Club and the Sandhurst Grammar School Football Club resulted in a victory for the College, by two goals 19 behinds to one goal and three behinds, and was not a draw as stated iu your Saturday's issue." A match was played in Canterbury Park on Saturday between tho Eaglehawk Imps and 2ud twenty of the Eaglehawk. The Imps, played a maguificent game all through, especially M. Casey, whose play was greatly admired, ho phiyiug the best of the forty; and the most conspicuous for the second 20 were Berriman, Smith, Johnson, Pearson, Harvey, Robius. The result of the game was Imps. 1 goal and G behinds, Eagleliawk 2 behinds. The football match between State school No. 1,428 aud Sailor's Gully, resulted in a wiu for the former; the scores being, School 5 goals 9 behiuds to Gully's 3 goals 4 behinds. Tho following played well for the school. Warren, Tregomng, Hegarty, Rule, Bruce, Williams, Hodges, in fact all played well for school. The following played well for Gully, Rundell 2, Praed, Rodda, Bassett, Argall, Temple, Babbage2. The Eagleliawk team proceeded to Castlcumine on Saturday (writes our correspondent) to try conclusions with the local club. The former, however, had any thing but a representative team, ouly 12 of the club being present, the remainder being substitutes, con sequently they had to submit to a defeat. F. Wray of ficiated as captain for the Castleumine, and H. Chappie for Eaglehawk. Shortly after tho leather was kicked off it was takeu to tho Eaglehawk goal, where Tolstrup took possession of tho ball, and by rv well directed kick secured first goal for the local club. Ou being kicked off again Temby secured a mark in front of the Castleiuaine stronghold, and had a shot for goal, but nothing resulted. Shortly before half time was called M'Crackcn, by a splendid kick, scored second goal for the Castlemaiue. During the second half the local club again had the best of it. The result of tho gamo was—Castlemaiue 3 goals 9 behiuds to Eaglehawk nil. For Castlemaiue Wray, Tolstrup, M'Crackcn, Campbell, aud Billstone played an excel lent game, as did also Chappie, Charles, Leggo, i Harvey, and Hicks for Eaglehawk. | COACItnUILDKlta v. Sam-iii-hst. j On Saturday at the Back Creek Crickot ground tbc I Sandhurst and Coachbuihlers tried conclusions for the ' first time this season. These clubs last season, and also : in previous ones, have been recognised as very good, ! and great interest was manifested in the result by the ! supporters of both sides. Tho ground was iu excellent ; order; but tho game was not very lively. The Coach builders in the first half played two men short, aud in the second one. Apart from tljis they had a very strong team, and the Sandhurst did not have a strong one. In saving this we do not wish to detract ou the victorv scored by the Coachbuihlers. They played a splendYd game, aud coidd evidently have held their own with a much better team, aud should they play well together thev should appear very near the top of the bidder at the cud of the season. In the second half thev pluved especially well, and "ran rings" round the*Sandhurst, as the term goes. For the first quar ter of an hour Sandhurst had the best of the game. Kadie captained tlie losers, nml Stephens the winners. The latter v.-on the toss, aud Kudie kicked towards the citv. Sandhurst quickly obtained four beliiuds, after which their opponents scored three. A. Nosworthy got n mark in front of the L'oachbuilders' goal, lint tliuball was marked on tliv post. Itwas, however, fuinbledaud Steinbcl securinc it. quickly, put it between the sticks. Kerr kicked off.' After some slow play Rickards sent the ball very near the Coachbuilder'sgoal, but a behind was tho only result. Sandhurst scored another behind when half time was called, the came standing Sand hurst 1 coal 7 behinds; Coachbuilders' 3 behinds. On tho ball'bciinr bounced, the Coachbuilders took poses sion, and before time was called scored two goals, kicked by Corr nud Linelian, aud thrco behinds to Sandhurst's nil. Tho result was therefore Coach builders 'J k-onls G behinds; Sandhurst 1 uroal 7 behinds Palmer, Corr, jjineban, Linohan, Stephens, A iniaw niid Lover played well for tho C'onchlmildcrs, and Walker, Brew, Eadie. Richards, Solomon, Kerr, and A. Nos. worthy for Sandhurst. Mr. P. Muusovau acted as central umpire. If all umpires were to act with the •jjiuo firmness and impartiality as this gentleman, tho matches would be made much more interesting, whilst players would take care that they played fairly and without spite. ATHLETICS. Rochester Spouts. Entries for the principal ovents for tlio Rochestor Sports, to be hold on 25th May, closed on Friday niiflit u-'tli tho following resultFor tile Sheffield Handicap, «; Uuvale Ilaco, 1?; Bicycle Race, 13; District, 10; and Mile Race, 1JJ nominations were received. Judging from tho above a irood day's sport may bo anticipated. For the Walking Match, nominations will bo received up to Wednesday. b'il.li inst. 