In Pursuit of Puzzle Monkeys in Chili. My chief object in coming to Chili was to see and paint the old forests of Aranoaria | imbricata, known in England aa the pizzV- I monkey tree, rather unreasonably, as there j are no monkeys here to puzzle ; prohably they crossed the Cordilleras m disgust at the general prickliness of aD plants here, especially the araucarias, and never came back again. a botanist's paradise. It was a lovely ride from Angoie and its terrible dust. First, we mounted over rocks and more dust for some 2,000ft., among puzas and succulent and prickly plants (which prepare themselves for the long dry season by hoarding moisture and growing weapons of defence to prevent other thirsty creatures benefiting by it), and then leaving a glorious view of snowy volcanoes oenma ns, weenrereu tne mixture of forests and pastoral scenery I have just described, passing stream after stream of clear running water and more lovely flowers than I had seen In all Chili before. The embothrium, or _ burning bush, .was in full, beauty, growing in long sprays of 6ft. or fiffc. high,, quite covered with the purest vermilion flowers, formed: something like honeysuckle. But I saw none grow into such a tree as I saw in my cousin's garden in Cornwall last year ; perhaps it may enjoy a new soil and climate, and treat England as our common weeds do Chili ; they have quite driven the natives out on , the great plain or valley of Santiago, and show unbroken masses of camomiles, thistles, turnips, and cornflowers, far stronger than those .of Europe. Near the ! streams wepe masses of hugh gunnera j leaves (-whose stalks are eaten like rhubarb), lovely ferns with pink, furry stalks and young leaves, and a most I .exquisite scarlet flower, something like, a 1 mimulos, which dipped its roots In the running water and grew _ no where, else. A small bamboo and many other graceful plants grew over these things, - and overhead hung from the branches of the oaks a I most beantifnl lauranfchus, with bright green leaves and pale green buds, -changing j as they opened to ye'lbw, then. turning mange, and becoming deep red before thev dropped. . ..The flowers were often- half j smothered in the grey lichen, commonly J called " Old man's beard," which waved in 1 every wind, and crew . m masses on all the oaks. The beech had its own pet. parasite — a tiny mistletoe forming perfect balls of every shade of green and gold, and over the bushes climbed many species of pea, lapageria, and lovely pink star - flowers, which hooked themselves up by the long tendrils at the ends of their leaves, while some yellow Rtars Seemed tO have no leaves, only tendrils. Tall fhchsias trees were there too, and budlea with its golden balls, sweet as honey, and whose leaves when toasted and pounded form the popular cure for all' wounds and eores. - Anotherbdsh called the Pinche looks like a lilac and white heath, and ia said to be a cure for all diseases. The grass was in flower, quiet red and> hhte and ! sprinkled "bier i with sxquinte oemiet lilies, fdatrcemeriaof nSatfy tints, tropceolum, and four "species of orchits so handsome that I persuaded my host to seed: roots to Mr. Yeitch ; it seemed a shame that the Chilians ' (who do not appreciate native flowers) should . alone poss<£88 snchtireasures. A FOREST OF P (JZZLE -MONKEYS. Soon after reaching the first araucarias we found ourselves surrounded by them and all other trees gave way to them, though the ground was still gay with purple peas and orange orchid and many tiny flowers whose names I did not know, and which I had not time to paint then — such flowers, when., picked die i almost directly. Many hills : und the valleys between were covered with ! old trees, covering some miles of space, and thererare few specimens, to be found outside this forest. I saw none over 100ft. high or 90ft: in rvi r P11 m fnron enri Asv 1 W.VWIU.VAUUWV.J ftuu, CVI cuigo kU Ody, they seemed all very old or very young. I saw none of those noble specimens of middle age we have in some English parks with their lower branches resting on the ground. They did not become flat, topped like those in Brazil, but were slightly domed like those of Queensland, and their shiny leaves glittered in the sunshine, while their trunks and branches were hung with white lichen, I and the latter weighed down with big cones, as big as one's bead. The smaller cooes of the male trees Veto shaking off clcuds of golden pollen, and were fnll of small grubs, which, T suppose, attracted the flights of parroquets I saw so busily employed about them. These birds are said to be so clever that they can find a soft place in the great 1 shells of the cone when ripe, into which I tbey get the point of their sharp beaks, I and fidget it until the whole cracks and! the nuts fall to the ground. It is a food they I delight in, and men, too, when properly I cooked like chestnuts. Thq mra remark- 1 able thing about the trees was jfche bark,;! which was a perfect child's puzzle of knobby slabs of different sizes, with fike or six i decided sides to each, and alt -fitted ( together with the neatness of a honey" j comb. I tried in vain to find some system I oh which it was arranged. . .... . I A MOUNTAIN. PICTURE. - j jAfter wandering about the lower lands we ( climbed ibrotgh the bogs and granite I boulders to the top of one of the hills and I came suddenly on a most- wonderful view 1 with seven snow cones of the Cordilleras piercing their way through the long line of miBt which hid the connecting mountains ( froih sight, and glittering against the greenish blue sky ; each one looked perfectly I tera xto and g|gantic, thpqgh tha bighest i Prnflirver bills. bf Q«kmi beMbrert, wtUefli formotmd corabted of nobl. olJ apeoimeDi ot tteMme tree grouped rwuS a bogo grey bonldtr oovared with moi, ud MHohea with «pray.o Kirl.t emhothriamY . No subject could be finer if it could onl» tu painted ! But that "if » fr the plZe cS my life, and every year has proved more and more that it cannot be. We saw a guauaco feeding quietly under the old trees, and it looked strange enough to be in character with them, and made me wonder how ionv such a Noah's ark kind of beast would be allowed to remain in such a civilised land as Ghili, where nothing indigenous is valued On the other Tide of the Cordilleras it is still so abundant that it is used as a beast of burden, though so weak that ten of them canuct carry the load of a donkey. a titanic flower. The puza or chagnale was the other plant I wanted most to paint. One wretched specimen flowered at Rew last spring, and excited much attention, and I struggled to draw it in all the glare and discomfort of the cactas house, not venturing to ask that so precious a plant should run the risk of catching cold by being taken to my room there. Here there are three kinds growing in quantities, each in its peculiar locality, The largest has a yellowish green flower" and is seldom far from the seaside, Its proportions are those of a London gas-lamp, I Ifio flnvffi hfin/l uvan lnnoor flian fk/> l« j often over a yard long, and it is a moat I noble object when seen standing above its I rosettes of pine. like leaves, among the nocks j and cliffs, with the sky and sea behind it of I that deep blue and purple one only finds I among volcanic rocks. The blue variety I grows farther inland in the valleys and I Todky clefts high np ; whole hillsides are | often covered with it, and I have seen | twenty five flower stalks rising from one l-mass of leaves, which are silvery and most beautifully curved like some of the bilber- I giaa, its cousins. I shall never forget the I first time I saw them growing when climbing I In Search oT them near the Ba'bs of Apo- qulndo ; the clouds overtook me and hid everything for a while till I saw those tall flowers like ghosts close to me, then a snow peak far beyond, and then I got into a new world of wonders, with blue sky overheadand a mass of cotton wool clouds hiding all I had | left below, and tee strange puza flowers for -cbfilpany and plenty of time to study them. About sixty branchlets are arranged spirally roupd the oential stem, each a foot long and covered jyUh buds wrapped in flesh-coloured V bracts. These open in successive circles,"' 1 beginning wt the base; the three flown ' pete's at first opening are of the purest r tiarquoise blue j tben they become darker, a ' . mixture «f arsenic green and Prussian bine ; ' tite third day a greyer green ; and then they - curl -themselves np into three ear mine shav ings, and a freah circle of flowers takes their ' place outside, :eo that the longer the plant has been in bloom the larger its head I becomes, , and, as the heads of the spikes or I branchlete bioom last it loses its form I and looks ragged and disreputable. I Its stamens shine like gold in their I polished metallic . blue caps, and it is I marvellously beautiful at first. The ( third kind is smaller, and its flowers thin Land «f a very dark blue, but its bright pink j -stalk is very effective when seen against the I grey stones. The gum. of the puza is valu- I able aa - &„ medicine, and- resembles gum I arable. Near the puza the tell cactus j generally grows its pillars, often 6ft. or 8ft. I high, crowned with, .white trumpet flowers j aad lrads, and ornatoentedi withi a paraaite, I whose white and scarlet berries are eatable. I £ fonnd teat .the flowers never faced the feaame side tee parasite. The former j were aaJ$gfrjpfe:fi Gorman best - glass, and J u I their footstalk was full of sweet juice, most I refreshing to suok on tee dry hillside, and I less stupefying than the usual contents of i such glasses.— by mlss MaRXANNI nobthy : j in " Pall MaJi Gaaette." 4 