CHURCHES, PASTORS AND GHOST. THE HOLY TO THE EDITOR. SIR—In reading an article in your issue of June 12tfa, headed " Quiet Gleanings from a Country Parsonage,"" the thought was painfully present that the bias and tendency of modern church government is rather to ecclesiastical policy than simple faith in divine guidance. I was led to this thought by the fact that while the writer, who signs himself Wando, shows practical wisdom and informed intelligence in dealing with the salient points of his subject, no mention is made of the Holy Spirit as the supreme ruler working in and by all human intelligence for the good of the Church of Christ. I do not for a moment wish to imply that either Wando or the churches of God in South Australia have forgotten the infinite wisdom to which they have the privilege of access, or that they have learned to lean to their own understanding; but we may not forget that the leading which lifts believing hearts above earth's many cares is a privilege made conditional in the inspired injunction—In all thy ways acknowledge Him, and He shall direct thy paths. Thus, according to the divine woid, it seems not only necessary to trust in the Loid with all our hearts, but also to acknowledge the fact for the help and encouragement of His people. If our Lord Jesus has directed our attention to a little child as the model of Christian life, and if we are the regenerated children of our Father in heaven is it too much too expect that we should exercise a happy and childlike truBt in HiB power and ceaseless love. If we possessed this simple faith would it not deliver us from our selfish worldly wisdom, and much of the care and worry which are inseparable from its exercise ? Is not God's providence, as well as His word, legible to the eye of faith ? and if all the officers of our churches consented to be led by HiB providence and His word, as iBiael of old was guided by the fire and by the cloud, would not our very difficulties become to us means of grace, when in the successive deliverances we had seen the power and goodness of Him who has promised to be with us even to the end ? It is not difficult to understand the perplexity and humiliation felt by those who are called to preach what is called a trial sermon before a watchful and critical audience. But if we can only realize the holy altitude of our mission, called of the Holy Ghost to preach the word of God to the saint and the gospel to the unsaved, we shall feel that we are following a captain who never leads but to victory, joy, and triumph. It will become a very small matter indeed to be judged of man's judgment when the eye of faith is fixed on Jesus, and His approbation alone becomes a matter of real consequence, and lifted by that living faith above all narrow and earthly motives, he can sing with the heart and the understanding— I staud. upon the mount of God Witli sunlight in my soul: I hear the storms in vales beneath— I hear the thunders roll. But X ain calm with Thee, my God, Beneath these plorioiiB skies, And to the height on which I stand No storms nor clouds can rise. I am, sir, &c.;, H. G. 