EUROPEAN £ AMERICAN BREVITIES. (Detroit Prix Pnas.J j Queen Victoria's private fortune is esti- mated to be (30,000,000. An English doctor recommends chloral for oases of cholera. One or thc other surely ought to hill. A half-teaspoonful of soda in half a cup of «rater will relieve sick headache caused by indigestion. A fever patient is cooled off and made com- fortable by frequent sponging with warm soda water. lieut. Wykoff, just home from Japan, says life ts a joke to the Japanese. I lived there five years, and during that time I never ssw anyone angry. " I threw a stone I knew not where," is the first line of a recent poem. The authors name is not published, but there is little doubt but that a woman wrote it. The emigrants from Germany over sea num- bered during the first seven months of this year 72,160, agaiust 10,000 in the oorrespond Ingperiod of 1664. The general idea was that England would Voluntarily reduce herself to a seventh-rate power after that yacht race, but she has made aro move aa yet. Four missionaries and 5200 gallons of rum left this country on thc same ship to inter- view the native African. We don't see how ha can getaway from both. The project of making an inland sea of the greet Sahara . Desert has been revived, and capitalists will be asked to whack up 98X00,000 to make the sad waves roll. The Eskimos not only believe in a here- after, but U any part oi it was left lying «round loose for a few minutes they'd risk -their eternal happiness in trying to steal it. Ella Wheeler Wilcock jumps ont of bed half a dozen times a night to jot down her rúe ideas, and the cuss-words flung after are what makes her poems so red-hot. Queer isn't it, that ladies should allow shoe-makers to squeeze their feet, and dress ttnakers to squeeze their ribs, while they at once get mod if a fellow squeezes their ¡bands. Dr. J. C. Holland wrote ; " Drink has murdered my best friends, and I hate it. It ^burdens me with taxes, and I denounce it as a .nuisance, on which every honest man should fut his heel." Melbourne is cited as proof that the star of empire bas taken a trip to the southward. The first house there was put up in 1835, and 4uav there is s handsome city with fine parks j «md public institutions and 300,000 inhabi- [ tanta. Lady Granville Gordon has opened a dress- making establishment in London. It ie I thought that her example will not be uni traraaUy followed here. "The smallest book in the world," ag the JBott^n Journal learns, " is half the size of a .«stage stamp, and is an edition of the sacred nook of the Sikhs, belonging to the Earl of Dofferin." Chevreuil, the celebrated chemist, it is ?sid, eats only two light meals in twenty-four hours and drinks nothing but water. What Sn editor that roan would have made I Said a magistrate to au actress: "Your nrofession, mademoiselle ?" " Artiste." Your ageî" «'Twenty-two." "Usher, ra can now swear the lady to tell the truth, je whole truth, and nothing but thc truth. The ghost of Captain Kidd has been walk- ing around Salem again. The idea is that a million dollars lie buried around there eome srhere, and that the ghost is willing to point «nt the spot for a fair whack or two. They are telling of a Christian lawyer in Boston who has amassed 912,000,000 in twenty years' practice. The Christian preachers who haven't amassed $5000 in that time ought to feel puzzled over it, and pro- bably will. A great many coins-English shillings, six- pences, coppors, and one Canadian piece «rere found in Jumbo's stomach by the gentle- man having charge of his remains. This is another proof of tho intelligence and thought- fulness of the elephant. Jumbo was " laying np for a rainy doy." The Albany (Georgia) washerwoman who astonished the community by announcing that she had named ber twins Mary Magda- lene and Virgin Mary bas a good second in the Eldora, Ia., woman who has called hers Üaaoline and Kerosene. It is supposed that Gasoline is the girl baby. Aa Ohio paper says that " a Cleveland saide fainted at the altar just as the ceremony tras concluded, because her husband started. to lead the «ray in leaving the charon. Such independence on the part of a husband at the very threshold of married life is enough to make any woman faint." Kossuth has gone to the Alps, ' and it now transpires that be was driven there.by his poverty. For years the poor old soldier has been deriving a precarious support in Turin by teaching the English language, which age and infirmity now compel him to abandon, but his aoUB, who have a farm in the Alps, have given him a home and will take good care of him. 