novelist EPISODES IN THE LIFE OF A MILLIONAIRE. ORINORA. A. PACIFIC IDYLL. By CAMERON 1 . Author «/ f'sAlice," " TKe Mysteries — ' • •—— CHAPTER XXXL HAEEY had amply strolled away from the party without any particular objeot, except his general weariness. He was becoming exceedingly tired of everything- and everybody. The sweets had clayed him. He was one 'Whose game was human, and here the quarry was very limited. So far he had paid little attention to the natives, though no doubt he would soon have to take up with them. He felt that he could have amused himself for a considerable period with Orinora, whose fresh, piquant nature charmed him, but he had for some time acknowledged there was no hope in that quarter. John Morden was not a man to be trifled with; neither was Herbert, when his blood was roused. He had for some time thought something would come out of Paranoa's meditated treachery, but when he reflected carefully over it, he saw the prospects of a change were remote. Nothing was left for him, therefore, but to make the best of circumstance. Perhaps after all a chance cf escape would arise, and he would be restored to the world he loved so well. He certainly wished he was safe back in Melbourne, for the strange tremors «f the island began to give him disquiet. These islands had been born of the volcano: might they not be suddenly destroyed by the same dread agency ? jinking in this 1 desultory manner, Harry walked through the marvels of the vegetation. A Mneller or Guilfoyle would have gone crazy over the wonders of the vegetable world, but to Harry they were dumb. He had walked on lor some time, when his attention was atxacted by a figure half concealed in a bush which appeared to be looking intently at something. Harry recognised the figure as Paranoa, and wondered what he was watching. He soon concluded, however, that the lovers were the objects of his attention. When Harry caught eight of Paranoa's face he was quits startled, so full of fiendish passions it was. Hell was engraved on that dark, handsome face. Harry oould not help shuddering. Suddenly Paranoa bounded away ae if struck by something, and rushed past Harry. Impelled by the moment's curiosity, Harry followed after Paranoa. But Harry was not a goad forester, while Paranoa was, the result being that before long Harry had to stop and to confess himself lost. How to return to the party he oould not tall. He thought it would be best to seek some spot from which he conld view the lake, when he would be able to strike for the shore. Bat (his was easier to determine upon than to execute. The wider-growth was very strong, ' while the palms threw a shade almost like twilight. At this time, too, the streamers that had been thrown across the sky from the clouds on the horizon had become more than a veil, and bo darkened the Bun that it only tirew a sickly light.. Harry was brave, and did not loEe his courage. He knew once the alarm spread that he was lose the natives would soon find him. Stall, in the meantime the consequences would he very unpleasant. A terrible tropical storm was evidently coming on, and to be alone amid the rage of the elements would bea feariul experience. So what he could, Harry oould not get on to a ledge from which he could see the lake; even if he had he would have been lost the moment he again pushed into the forest. Soon the darkness became so great that he oould hardly see anything. With no defined idea he pushed on, listening for any sound that would guide him. Occasionally the earth would quake, and a faint rumble would fjllow. Then Hsicry's cheek would blanch, And the awful tuought that he might be overwhelmed and swallowed up would for the moment jinman him. Not that fear of the future JOT any religious idea affected him. - He onl dreaded the loss of this life, the enly thing of <mlue, the thing that gave him all the pleasure iie knew or cared for. How long he wandered in the mazes of this primeval forest he did not know. The darkness grew and grew until it became inky. If he moved about it was only with that animal instinct that mtfimi the wild beast pace its den before the bars. Bepeatedly he laid down and rested, but the darkness, which, to use an old expression, could be felt, became so terribly oppressive that he rose up and resumed his wanderings. At last, thoroughly exhausted, andbecoming aware that the great storm was about to break, he laid down under a thick shrub, whieh was on the edge of an open space. Nature was so exhausted, that, before he knew, he was fast asleep. A disturbed sleep it was, peopled with the most terrible figures. Now he thought he was on the cliff, and that Paranoah and the natives, under the direction of John jflprflan, were about to cast him over, itpwn, down, he fell, to find himself in the aouifet whirlpool. Then all became dark, and ghe dngun ended to be sucoeeded by aviBion fill jigh^fng and flame. The island-was upheaved in Jhe inidst of tins terrible pyrotechaiin display, and thensank under the waters, and all became dark Suddenly he thought <an the edge of this fearful gloom there began to ^ow a ljgnt, lnrid, red, and advancing. He straggled, he woke, and beheld a soene as strange as any in his dream.. Only a few paces from him, under 'a mighty palm, stood a group of mashed figures, arrayed in strange garb, affd holding torohes of resinous wood. To them, across the open spaces, were oomipg many figures similarly attired, and with &H8hes.; The hideous masks made Harry at first almost think he was witness to an assemblage of devils, but his imaginative mind soon poncluded this was a mnPtjig of *he rebellious islanders, in the garb and jmaskgMorden had suppressed, held to hatch 4heiz treason and to celebrate the rites of -the ^worship. His conclusion was soon made dear to be right, for Paraooa, with a wild face and streaming hair, bounded across she •jpen space and made up to the group of agures under the palm. What he communicated Harry could not catch, but it was evidently something of great moment, for every person exeouted a leap of joy and vaved the torches and shouted. To Harry it seemed that Dante's hell, as illustrated by Dor6, had been let loose. Harry had never seen on the stage, in paintings, or in real life, anything so weird ind impressive. In front of. the central group extended circle after circle of wild, onoouth figures, whose horrible masks, painted in a style adapted to strike terror, with fishes' teeth, and many of them with colored glass or jasper for eyes, were a perfect lightmare. A background of impenetrable ^loom set off the picture, and its lurid lights, with a silhouette vividity that would have seen a revelation even to Dor<§. Soon, however, it became more than a picture. At a signal the whole mass got into notion and repeated several movements. As jach platoon came up to the group under the aar. palm they bowed almost to the earth, and the silence was broken by a wild and terrible, but musical shout of— A\ laianora, airah ora, "Ai laianora ah; Mai kaialora, nairah nora, Kai kaialora sah— Marambola, Marambola, nah ? Marambola, Marambola, mah? The group inclined their Jieads but made no reply. When this ceremony was finished the assemblage became like statues, and the silence was unbroken, save by the almost inaudible hiss of- the torches, like so many serpents. •.:-•.. : a few minutes elapsed, - then, the earth shool£. A -hollow rumble,, like a groan followed, of and then a distant lightning illuminated,for a second, the ghastly soene, turning the torches into spectral lightp. It was suc- ceeded by a darkness deeper than ever. The ^firthquake and lightning seemed the signal. There at once burst from the multitude a. weird march air. It was to a great extent a monotone. The first and third verses were sung in a deep tone by the basses; the second and fourth by the tenors, who made the words ring with a mighty acoent on the third and seventh syllables: Boom, boom, boom, bara boom— Maramara, Maramara Boom, boom, boom, bara boom Karat&ra;, Karatara ? Speak, speak, speak, oh speak— We hear thee,' we hear thee; Speak, speak, epeak, oh speak— Karatara, Karatara 1 By nature Harry was disposed to ridicule every thing, the theatre for him possessed little attraction, except the actresses and dances: he laughed at the clumBy attemps at illusion, the stimulated emotions of the actors. But before this real scene, so full of passion, so fraught with something terrible to come, Harry's ridicule vanished. He became aware there was nothing unreal in this and that before long he would become an actor in a very disagreeable drama: he would have to leave liia place in the auditorium and take his part on the boards. \- A wave of the hand on the part of the principle figure of the group beneath the palm, a tall and commanding man, at once bowed the multitude in attention. Henry Allan spoke: in English this time for the younger portion of the assemblage understood that tongue better, as the old language of the island had been . to a great extent proscribed and only English was taught in the schools established by Morden. ".The signal has come at last," said Henry Allan; " the harvest is ready. Paranoa, the son of your loBt Princess, has this day destroyed the demon*8 witch implements and we can now land upon his isle without fear. In the boat below are the fire-weapons upon which he relied." A terrible shout answered this announcement; a shout so fall of demoniac bloodthirstiness that Harry's blood almost froze. He now heard for the first time the terrible cry of the human tiger, that cry that which which there is nothing so awful in the world; that cry that ,waa heard day and night once in the streets of Paris; that cry that echoed in the Colosseum of Bome; that cry that was heard in Carthage: " Cyprian ad leones 1" " Karatara has returned to his land this night," said the high priest, inclining his head; " he is in the thick darkness, the heavy clouds, the earthquake, the lightning. His eye will flash upoi) you; his 1 voice will sound terribly: but fear him not; he comes fer our enemy. This night the accursed white men will die; this night he will be sacrificed in the mouth of hell—the outlet of the lake And with his death will pass away all the sorrows yon have known. The sun will shine; the earth will bear its fruits without labor; every man shall have his own; every man shall do as he wilL Above us are the clouds, around us the thick darkness—these are emblems of the past: tomorrow these will have passed away and the future in all its glory appear— So diorara, So tiosara, Caroon boon ara 1" Bloodthirsty yells filled the air; the torches were waved frantically,, the hideous figures leaped and danced and shrieked like furies. The earth quaked, the lightnings flashed, the thunder followed the earthquake: but all this only added to the excitement and enthusiasm. The great God had returned; they saw his eyes, they heard his voice, for years no one remembered an earthquake. y " Great Jfarambola," said one of the chiefs advancing, " there iB but one thing wanting to make our victory sure. Where is that symbol of all power that our priestess kept, the Singoramba ? It was in the ancient days shown at certain times, when peril threatened or a great event was to occur, tt^B it perished with the priestess ?" "It has vanished," answered the high priest, and there was a groan from the assemblage, "but fear not; once this accursed crew are sacrificed it will return; but not vntil then, for it is too pure for their eyes. When they are plunged into the lake the Singoramba the symbol of the great god Azaroha will appear before your eyes." A delighted shout was given in answer. Hany noticed that at this moment Paranoa took the ohief's hand and led him aside until they almost touohed the shrub under which he lay. Thoroughly aroused and terrified he strove to hear what they said through the terrible noised of the people and the elements. "Why could you not have come at once when I sent word I would destroy the machines and take away the gnnB. If he discovers the loss he will resist, and he is still powerful." Nothing could bs done until now," was the reply. "We have to work with a superstitious people, and they have to be taken in a certain way in order that we may have a hold on them hereafter. But you need not be afraid. If yon have done as I instructed, JohnMorden's fangs will'be. drawn; he will not be able to move hand or foot. In the darkness and the storm we will come upon him-and then—" . " Will you not save one of them for me," asked Paranoa, whose face Harry now saw in the light, for he had no mask on. It was ghastly, worn out with contending passions. "Surely you can save Qarry'slife.; you will let me have a friend and companion." "I will save no one," was thestem reply. "As the sky iB above as they will die before the son shines once more upon the fete. To ^ave one would be to keep a serpent to sting as. And if this man is the child of his father, he is the most dangerous devil of all. Don't ask me this any more." Paranoa turned away with a sigh. He wa3 not yet all devil. "And do we proceed at once?" he asked. " When the ceremonies are over," was the reply, " I have studied every efiect, and not one must be lost." " A terrible Btorm is coming on." "All the better; I have calculated . on it." - " We cannot row across the lake." " It will take some time to raise the waves. Before then we will be on the island. An attack and capture with earth and heaven in revolt is the climax we require. Wa will then seem working with Karatara. "There is no person at the boats, should the waves begin to rise." " They will not till we are ready. I have studied the storms. Now let us proceed to the necessary ceremonies." The two returned to the people, and Harry saw the resumption of the mystic sites, and heard the wild march resumed. But he had no thought for the dread spectacle now : bis only study was to escape. Keeping well in the shade, he fled for life down the hill in the direction from which he had seen the savages come. He would never have found his way to the shore, but just as he had left'the open, a blue spectral light illuminated earth and sky. For several minutes it irradiated the scene, if the word can be used of so ghastly a light, al most deficient of the red and yellow rays. In thiB awful light Harry saw the lake and its islets, dead blue and intense black. As the light appeared a terrible yell broke forth, a yellof ifefiance. • " He \Sghts himself to the grave," Harry heard the voice of the High Priest say. Then the terrible war song bust forth. The electric light lasted sufficiently for Haray to find and enter a boat. Then it changed color, and he made his way to the the Happy Me, guided by a great red light that turned the lake into blood. CHAPTER XXXII. The return from the cliff was another and wonderful experience. Prior to this the castaways had only beheld the lake and its islets illuminatjed by the sun, irradiated by the moon, or reflecting the stellar host. Now they beheld the lake as they emerged from the shrubbery and woods, in the ghastly light of a day whose sun was shrouded. There is no light so weird, so suggestive as this. In it the lake realized what they had read in Homer and Uhland of the land of the dead. The charm was added to by the ever shifting character of the scenery. As they came down from the cliff, the winding road gave them ever recurring glimpses of this dream lake, bo like the scenery of another world. It was never the eame. And when they embarked and rowed between the islets and through the innumerable channels, now and and then coming into broad, still, grey pools, reflecting the foliage, the efiect was mystic and poetic beyond description. A strange inexplicable mystery seemed to brood over this lske of dreams. Herbert could not help repeating to himself as they rowed away from the mainland into the grey water, the wondrous lines of Uhland: Take, O boatman, thrice thy fee ; Take—I give it willingly; For, invisible to thee, Spirits twain have crossed with me 1 There was a wonderful depression in the air, a stillness that seemed to bode some terrible disaster. The earthquakes had ceased, but the aspect of the sky was angry and lowering. The great piles of clouds on the horizon, the streamers that had covered the sun as if with the webs of spiders, had all become amalgamated in one thick, grey canopy that never shifted or lifted, and seemed to weigh npon the earth like a firmament of lead. Living beings sympathised with nature. The song of the rowers was hushed, and even Orinora did not sing or epeak, while not a sound came from the feathered inhabitants of the island. Nature had for the time cast off her dress of gold and purple and crimson and green, and donned the grey mantle of the recluse. It was late in the afternoon when the spectral procession of boats landed on the Happy Isle. John Morden at once set about the preparations for the solemn events of the night. Orinora retired with her maidens, and went over all they had done. The blush of modesty crimsoned her face when they showed her the bridal chamber, arranged with the singular taste that these native girls had learnt from John Morden and Orinora. " We didn't enjoy ourselves at all at the dance," said Dorala. " Everyone seemed dark and gloomy; they gathered in gronps and talked, and the most of them went away early. The people seem quite changed. And Paranoa never came." " He left our party early ^enough," replied Orinora. "Why, where are the young white men going ?" cried Aherno. The girls ran to the window. Herbert and Ebby were sculling away in the boat. * Orinora said nothing for the moment. After what she had heard the previous night, there was no one she dreaded more than Ebby. She looked on him as the only person who had influence over Herbert, who sought to rob her of her lover. Every movement of his was suspicions. She knew he had for a long time been in charge of the isle which was devoted to the uses of a workshop. What might he not have prepared there? Her heart stood still. She soon made up her mind. Dresting herself in a dose black gown, and throwing a dark shawl over her shoulders, she told the girls to go on with their work, and in a few minutea_ she was rowing over the lake, keeping in view the young men's boat, but unseen herself. She was perfectly at home on the water, and knew every inch of. the lake, Her surmise was correct. Ebby had taken Herbert away to make one last effort to per- suade him to leave the island. Not that he told him that was his object; he merely asked him to come and see the workshop isle. As they were going along they spoke little; each was busy with his own thought. " I know little about Nature or her operations," said Ebby, however, as they neared the island," but my reading misleads me if we are not on the eve of some frightful convulsion. This strange stillness, the peculiar pungent smell of the air, the recurring quakes of the earth: they must be premonitions of some violent outburst of ' the forces of nature." " Whatever they mpy be," said Herbert, "we can do nothing. Aranoah says such storms are common in these latitudes, but they do little damage on this sheltered lake." " I've read a verse somewhere," said Ebby, "which seems to describe my view of this island, though it must be paraphrased a little : " Islets and lakes may flourish or may fade; A stroke can rain them as a stroke has made." We walk upon an earthquake. The ocean may gape at any moment and island and all disappear for ever 1" " Well," stud Herbert, quietly, " and then then will be end." They had by this time arrived at the work- shop. It was a small isls, carefully planted round with thick trees, so that its unsightly appurtenances would not be seen. The young men secured their boat and stepped ashore. A narrow passage through a number of baautifal. shrubs admitted them into the workshop. Herbert gazed round him with astonishment. Forges, carpenters' shops, engine-houses, mat his view. John Mordea had not forgotten the practical even in this island of dreams. Ebby paid little attention to anything ; he walked straight to the other side of the island, and hurriedly, for the heavy fall of clouds was telling, and the light was fading out fast. He led Hsrbsrt to a ship or dock, in which lay the lay the large boat or barque that John Morden had ordered to be built, so that the whole of the party might navigate the lake. She was a perfect little model, with sails and everything complete. Herbert at once noticed something singular about thcvessel. A strong cable was secured to a huge ringbolt in the centre of her deck. This cable ran over into a shed, where a large majority of what eeamed native cloth was lying. " What do you think of this boat, Herbert ? asked Ebby, betraying in his tones a suppressed excitement ; his eyes glistening strangely. " She is a beautiful little model," replied Herbert; " we will have many a pleasant sail in her." " I hope so, I hope," said Ebby, with a strange impressiveness in his voice, an eager tone. " Do you think she would navigate the Pacific ? " " If she were on it," replied Herbert, something ironically. " She would certainly stand a storm. She appears made to ride well. Taking Herbert's hand Ebby led him round to the stern of the vessel. It was growing very dark, but Herbert started as he saw in bold white letters .the name: "ESCAPE." The next moment he felt annoyed." , '• " Why are you always thrusting these ideas before me, Ebby," he said rather petulantly : "why raise up ghosts that are not wanted on this island." " But they are wanted," said Ebby, firmly, resolutely, " and th6y will rise whether you call or not. I have brought you here, Herbert, for the last time to offer you escape from the terrible fate that awaits us on this island. I have come to show you it is no dream, but a great, glorious reality. All this I have known for some time, but I would not speak until esrtaiu. I chose to let you know gradually. Bear with me while I explain. If you persevere with your refusal I will give in." " I do not wish to pain you, Ebby," said Herbert, who spoke, however, with constraint, and whose eyes were.fixed on the name of the uessel, " but really you are labouring for nothing. I have passed my word to a man and woman who„dependon it: I willjnot Jjreak my word." " Be that as it may," said Ebby, " let me explain what I have done, what I propose to do." CHAPTER XXXIII. " From the very first," said Ebby, " I never despaired of getting away. I set myself at once to find out what means could be used, After a thorough examination £ concluded if escape there was to be, a balloon must be used. To make one, though I knew how if I had the materials, seemed at first impossible. However, as I looked more carefully into the matter a prospect of escape opened out. There was no silk on the island but the fine cloth woven by the natives out of the bark of trees would to a certain extent answer the purpose. I found after a long search that I could get the materials for the manufacture of the hydrogen. That was my lesser difficulty, and I soon overcame it. But the making of the envelope was the real difficulty. By using the linen cloth and adding many flies together I could undoubtedly make an envelope impervious enough to hold the gas—for a time. By using a glaze I could ensure the keeping of the gas in for a longer period. Bat experiment as I would I saw already that I could not make a balloon that would carry us any distance. I was in despair. We would only escape from the island to drop into the sea and perish. At last a ray of light shot across my brain; I seized the great idea—the work was done. It was suggested when Aranoah ordered the building of his boat. I at ones relinquished the idea of navigating the air to the American mainland. I saw at a glance that I could make a balloon which would lift the boat into the air and over the cliff all that wculd be required would be to drop the boat on the sea and let the balloon go. I set to work, I kept at it day and night, and I soon satisfied myself that I had solved the problem. The boat is finished and furnished, with provisions and everything: the balloon is ready, a few hours will fill it with gas, and then we can rise from this island and in an hour the boat will skim the Pacific." Ebby had worked himself up into a great state of excitement, his frame trembled, his eyes flashed. It was very -unusual to see him in this state. Not giving Herbert time to reply he pulled him over to the shed. " See, there she lies," he said, " well sewn together and glazed. I take her out of this, I begin- the manufacture of the gas, I lay it on, the balloon fills, it rises, a sphere in the air, the boat moves upward, I cut the rope, we shoot into the blue heavens, the wind bears us over the cliff, I let out more of the gas, we descend and the vessel rides upon the ocean, we set the sails and away, away we speed to our land, to fortune, to fame, to Alice. Free, free, for ever free 1" The young man was so exhausted that he sank back on a bench. Herbert was little less excited. He endeavored to keep down his feelings, but he could not. It had now grown quite dark, and the young men could not notice a white face that peered out at them from a dark shrubbery close at hand; they could not hear the beating of a poor little heart to whom every word Ebby uttered, though only half understood, was a dagger. " I tell you, Herbert," said Ebby, when he had recovered; everything is calculated to a certainty. I hayp placed it beyond mistake. I have experimented and experimented. At first I thought to make a confident of Ara- noah, but Bince I saw how things were going with Orinora I kept the secret to myself, i know what you feel—I can understand what love is—but there need be no soene. We can waader away to-morrow, taking Harry with us, fill the balloon, and vanish as we came. That poor girl still believes us goda; she will think we have gone to the star she sings of, and in her adoration she will forget her love. Don't answer no, Herbert, as you have loved me, as I surrendered to you the girl I loved, as you hope to become great and famous and happy, do not answer no. Make an effort, tear yourself away. Oh Herbert, Herbert, do not answer no 1" " It is too late," said Herbert in a low voice, which showed how deeply, he was affected: " I am to be married to Orinora this night." " You can put it off," cried Ebby passionately; pretend illness or anything. Do not sacrifice yourself, Herbert, with escape within your grasp. Herbert, think, think of the other world, of you duty to Alice, to your friends, to the world." The little heart was almost still now, the face frozen with terror. Upon his word her life, her reason depended. Herbert staggered away and clasped his hands in agony. How she longed to throw herself at his feet and implore him to refuse the tempter. But she moved not; half dazed as she was she resolved not by word or sign to influence his choice. If he did sot love her more than that, olhefi ihan bis friend, than the world, then let heriie—it was best. It was very d&rk; ?iow-; the .wind was sobbing faintly mthefasesj'thednll wash of the waves sounded like «Mirge. Tet dark as it was the great white w&rils;^liSC APE " loomed out and seemed -to {fill Herbert's eyes. He ahuttoem; ui vain ;the • words were in his brain. It was an awM moment. To whom would he be true. . ^To^entle Alioe far away, or to tender Orinnrafowear. It was a cruel trial, one few men havefiad to suffer. " L=t us go noWp'-ttoed Ebby, who seemed to have lost his reasoain his excitement. " I will get ready. Inriil^efrto work. Before two hours all will be zeady^-they will not miss U3. Let us go." i " I tell you, Ebby,^«aic[ Herbert, " it is of no use. I have pronuSed; I will perform." " Herbert, Heibsrfc.^lsobbea Ebby hysterically, " da not saythatf jn the name of God do not say that. Bo Apt Mil me " " 1 do not wisht&oldll; you," Herbert managed to say, " but I ^nean to keep my promise. This island wlU^be my home, Orinora will be my wife." f" The tension relaxed, r t£he hands let go the shrub; Onaora feU iprward in a faint of joy. She had won fhe^bgeK&v; " Herbert," SMd-^Sbhy Sn a wild tone," are you mad? Surely^rtKaremad." " No, Ebby, I amsnot," replied Herbert, sadly," but Iam#mMctim of the most extraordinary oircnmstgnbes a man ever suffered. Do you knowfwho.Alanoah and Orinora are ? " " Not for sat down on The pale face; peering through is the very Johhoht to search^ sister." "So I of ten tone as if it -was "I have ^replied Ebby, who had " ^ -i helpless heap. ie now—was again Cbbery. " Aranoah for "whom we came •jSioota is Alice's half- .^ replied Ebby, in a ffiiffirtBtte him. -marry Orinora to make up to Moi$j|if from my father.r perty, and so t! plete/" wrongs he suffered be will have the pro- ~~\tion will be com- " Oh, Herbe^^^itL- J5bby, mournfully, "this is the of intoxication. Surely you will'^^^orifioe yourself for an idea. What isiM||^iri toher sister ? " " I love Ormprtfj ? /|i^lied Herbert, " I love her 1 loved Alice, but I would the slightest pain. And -tt^-^njipjbnake her she would die. Do not ni^|ro^inore, Ebby. You have torn my heart. imt^&oi; determined to keep my, world. Butp£i$o|!insh to imprison you, though to part wffi'^on, dear faithful friend, will be a aeeopp^iBi. Let yourself and Harry use the haUirain, and go back to the world." " To tell deserted her, to wit ness her agohies^frsbried'Ebby. " Perhaps," te^d®^bert, slowly and painfully, " she may-Jcjaiwi&l; your true and constant love when'ibe learns I have deserted her." • .V' /:'" ; • ' "Do not 8pe^ bl«u&;things," cried Ebby, " I would not dfcgain them. If I was the only man^ft^JI&ffrorld; Alice would not give me h6r without the heart I would not ask|&jypi;^qh.' Besides, I would not leave yoiij^abtffor a thousand worlds. Where you arel willbe; yourland, your God's mine." ' ;•' f^jv'; > "' " Why shoulj^Su iemaini here a prisoner for life," swdHerbi^ ^' because I have decided upon a^ui£i>6<i. but honorable course. Take yourlibeiS^ Ebby;' give Harry back to the waria-iugl^lii^^" • " The wi^lg^^^Vvery well without him," now to have reaccepted the inevitable. I w^say no more Herbert. Let us to te.tal^Mppiwi" And t l ^ - l a the gathering gloom the island that fatal night. XXXIV. Herberi^M^&M;'<aixived at the Happy Isle in time for £bb^ening meal. Their absence had ridtjbeehJApted, so busy was John Morden^ mth l^ pirepiaAtions, nntil the time came to call th^.' |fohh had been arranging the- programme of tife night, which he metB to make one memorable bn the island. He had two electric batteries, one of whieh he used for the electric light, the pther for the terrible currant that protected the Happy Isle. •":••-'•.-'.• Orinora did not join the party ; Dorala explained that she wiehed to remain in her room. Very little wab said by anyone. John Morden alone appeared to have any Bpirits, and even he occasionally relapsed into gloomy silence, when the,p4st, called forth by the occasion, thronged his mind. Herbert was torn with a hodt of contending emotions, and was engaged m^^prng "down the rebellious thoughts thit BurgedthroughhiB brain. Ebby had given way to a dull despair. He felt he had played his'last.catd, and that there was nothing to do'but to surrender. It was bitter terribly bitter, but his brave good heart re! solved to stand by his friend, and to do all he could to make the lot he had chosen under circumstances -so", dnparalleled, as. happy as was possible i iiwl'the chance of happiness in the end was not -not; Ebby thought, very great. . John Mordenideparted to put the finishing touches to his preparations, and left the two young men alone;^ John was aware of the terrible night that was^probable, but he had resources ehou^^fkneet'^it. A bridal in thunder andilightnu^^tud storm and earthquake had lu^imi^iaiB,^ had seen enough of J^^i^l^'^aa not without the if nature did manifest'^te^^nic^pltey.;w6uld only add to the .'deq^^^m^pSntt- already lei*. He had effects that would never leaW l^liridupQteii^iotis minds. Herbertsnd^Sbby had not sat toge ther long before Aherno entered, and going over to Herbert, whispered»to^iiHUs'- " MyJadyurould see yon," said the girl. " She appsars ^ery all^andoanAot rest till she speaks to you." Herbert, alarmad at "tho words, rose and followed the girl-who- led him to Orinora's boudoir or pnvate^Bitting room, a beautiful apartment whiEb^etbert had seen repeatedly when m her^Bbilpish ^innooenee Orinora had treated hiitf as- Ittr"brother and companion* before theide^Hirjaassion hadmadeher coyand maidenly^;33&e4ie; iound the lov&ly; girl lying on a eouch^lier golden hair in disorder, her face palti^ier«ye8-*wet with tears. As he entered fihe ^turnsd upon hima look that went to his heart f a lookjqll of love, despair, and shame, yet; evidencing a £rm resolution. She rose and fell into hisarmB, aobbing such sobs as unmanned Herbert. " My own da*ling," he cried, leading her to the couch, " whatis-the matter? What has turned you irom .ihe happie&t; to the most wrel ched of-women.*' "I havehBardj" ehe managed to articulate. " Heard—what,",queried Herbert puzzled. "I have L (tojnefwhat'waB wrong, base, unwomanly,^'Vfibev&d; slowly, mustering up all the reserves ofsher strength. " Bat it was my love madeine., J m go jealous of you, so afraid to ibse^bo Sot ferer. Herbert, I overheard, your -oonsersationB with Ebby last night< withoUt intw£ng, 'this evening purposely." f ' " My podr-gifl,**" said Herbert compassionately; "for your SBice I wish you had not." "It was better," she rej>lied. "Ihavebeen a child, lam now a woman; and X have to -do a woman's duty^ Until leoentlv 1 lived is a land of dreams, in the regions of night. Now I have woke; the sun has risen and I Bee the world, not as it is seen in moonlight and starlight and twilight, but as it is when the sun beats upon it and everything is revealed. Last aight I was but half awake. I heard Ebby tempt you to fly; I dreaded his suooess, and [ told my sorrows to my father, at least partially, and the result was what happened so-day. This evening I heard all, and become awake and living. I now know the world whence you came is like this world, peopled with men and women, who have greater aims and wider scope. I listened, and you cannot tell what was my suspense when I heard Ebby so eloquently, BO unanswerably pleading to you to escape, to return to "the great world that waits for you. But what was my joy when you resolved to stand by your promise at the loss of all that life holds for you, my darling, my noble Herbert. Oh, that I had heard no more. I did hear. I heard that my father was the unhappy man of whose history I had heard snatches ; that the woman you loved in the other world was my own sister, my darling sister Alice, of whose existence I knew nothing. I have a siBter, a good kind sister, who seems to have been a queen among women. And I would rob her of the man she loves, I would condemn her to a life of unhappiness; I would, selfish crea^ ture I am, to gratify myself, keep you from your first, your true, love, my own flesh and blood; I would tie you down to an ignoble Iffe merely for my selfish aims. No, Herbert, you do not understand me if you think I would de that, tfou would sacrifice all for me. I will not accept the sacrifice. I will offer myself in sacrifice instead. Listen to Ebby; fly from this island, put off this marriage to- night—I will put it off myselfr^go forth to the great world that waits yoii, become a kihg ambhg men. * Do not iear far me. Datyoalls, and I win obey.'. Here I will live ahd die a maiden, praying night and day to the great star which I worship, to the God I heard you speak of, for your happiness. And when we leave this world we will meet, as my father teaches,high and purified spirits, meet and dwell together for ever.". She had risen as she spoke and stood there the personification of beauty and self-devotion, her cheekB tinged with the crimson of enthusiasm, her golden hair floating around her head like an aureole of glory, her eyes beaming with a pure and high resolve; her stature apparently twice what it really was. As Herbert looked upon her he thought surely never foan had beheld the embodiment of an angel before. ' Could he accept this awful sacrifice? Could he doom this wonderful creation of fairyland to what was inevitable, early decay and death ? Was it not his duty to take her to his heart ? It was a terrible thought to lose Alice, to be unfaithful to that grand and glorious woman, but did not dotyteil him MB place was by the side of this, the loveliest, the tenderest of the blossoms I Alice was a woman of another mould, with a strong mind and frame,who would sustain the loss of her dreamB of happiness, and who would find in a hundred charitable occupations balm for the wound. But if he left this flower it would droop and die, and the aged tree that had sheltered would fall in sorrow to the grave. " No, Orinora," said Herbert, firmly, starting np and clasping the. radiant vision of beauty to his heart; " I will not aceept the sacrifice. If Alice were here, if Bhe knew all, she would say, noble and highspirited as Bhe is, ' Take my Bister; she iB the weakest; I can make out a life for myself, full of goodness and happiness,' Already she has heard of my loss; already the bitterness of death is past, and die has buried her feelings in what she thinks my grave and taken up her cross courageously. Shall I divert her from the path Bhe has chosen; shall I come np from the grave and diBtorb her peace? No, Orinora, offer no sacrifice; it will not be accepted. The struggle in my heart has been terrible; it has almost torn my soul asunder; but it is all over now. I have made up my mind and not even you, sweet one, will turn me aside from my purpose. Here I remain to be yours through life and yours through death." The girl's brain reeled, her heart stopped; she' fainted away in his arms and became a pale cold statue. He thought her dead; he chafed her hands and brow and called her the fondest names. Slowly she revived; her violet eyes opened and beamed npon him with a look bo ravishing that never had he felt their power so marvelloualy. She slipped from his grasp on to her knees and clasped her hands, looking np to where her star should have been. " Great' Power," said Orinora; " grant me to be worthy of this great loY«, .d'i-i sacrifice. Make my sister's heart happy; UM from her fate the oloud that now rests u<>ou n. Cheat Power I Great Star I let my life repay the gifts inestimable thou hast bestowed i'' CHAFTER XXXV. The brooding calm of nature continued long into the night. The ceremony of the marriage was to take plaoe in the apartment of the tower that Morden had erected, so as to command a view of the whole lake. From the top of this the electric light was«xhibited on the rare occasions Morden chose to show his powers. He had ordered the islanders to attend and to add to the isolein. mty. T £ "ko 8 ® party of ten natives marshalled John Morden and Herbert and Ebby to the soene, bearing in that hand limps enclosed within purple glass. John Morden left his guests in the room to be devoted to the oeremony and went out to turn on the marvellonfl n l eanB ^ glass shades it was made ,T era . 1 hDes - First of all it kte With all its cold blue radiance, creating a : scene suoh as we imagine to be ever.existent in the land of Diablerikln that ghastlyhght everything bore bo La£ ^ T ^ J 1 " * Hubert and Ebby turned mth dread from the scene. Through this light they saw ared gleam on themoX tain. The light was changed; the lake™, came one mass of blood-red color. They now eaw that a number of boats were rowing to- warda the isle; the pullers looking like DM tomime demons, the flashes of their oars like gouts of Wood. In a moment a rich beautiful magenta light transformed the lake into fairyland. This only lasted a few momentsthen came thick and .utter darkness. In the magenta light the Catchers saw a fleet of vessels put off from the shore beneath where they had noticed the red light. But other events soon took their attention Orinora, attended by her two maidens' entered the room. She was attired in spotless white, and was veiled; a beautiful, an entrancing sacrifice to love. A wreath of orarure blossoms just plucked from the tree bv Aherna and Dorala adorned her brow Her bert stepped forward, and In one fervent em* brace expressedhis affection. "I wonder," said Morden, who now appeared, "what has become of Harry aid Paranoa? Surely they are not lost." "They are probably—the hosts," replied e Dorala. John Morden appealed in a fantastic but impresBive attire.. He had learned to become theatrio by his .position, for he had found symbols all powerful with his people. He wore a robe of the richest purple, laoed with silver and sealed at the throat Ina magnifioent diamond, onee thaproperty of thehapless young Blake. On his &ead; was a tiani of gold, studded with ruhies and diamonds the aymbot of hifl authority,whiohthevisi' tors had never •eenhim wear before. His white hair anA venerable beard gavehua % most dignified and imposing appearance. In his hand he carried a rod of'ebony and gold. The upper end of the room was arrayed in the form of a sacristy. On the table or. altar' was a marriage contract engrossed on vellum, upon which rested a small column of ebony surmounted by a star of gold, the points flashing with diamonds. Herbert were not prepared for suoh a splendid Bcene. But a grerter surprise was still in store. ~ Touching a knob John Morden onoe more flashed forth the elecric light; tins time of the richest rose. It was but for an instant; then succeeded the most intense gloom.' As if in response the earth shook, a flash of lightning flew through the heavens, and the roll of the thunder and the rumble of the earthquake were mingled together. As if by magic—everything seemed magical in this wonderful, land—the lake was lit up by hundreds of torohes, and the boats began a procession such as the strangers had seen on their first night oh the island.. Six trumpets sounded one after the other a summons from eVery side of the island, and-the response was a magnificent burst of harmony from brass and wood instruments- In the islanders John had found apt pupils. The effect, oh a lake with echoing islands, was beyond description, beyond power of pen to tell. The strangers looked and listened as if they wished it would last for ever. The instruments ceased at last and the great ohorus was heard, coming from each side of the lake, but'bo well together were the voices that they appeared as one: Gliding o'er our lake thus diy by day Sow serenely passes time away, While its wavelets Wreathed 'with smiles . Gently bathes its fifty fairy Isles. . , - ^ And at night our torchW'.wtffceirlgieams,.-:. ' \- f. ^•jEar wfoliitt^aftgi^ . Bot oor lake reflects onrgloobiis -stkr, v So our sonls' reflections of tbs li^ht Stay but herea troaMed niglit; ' . ' When the morning breaks they pass away To the star where shines eternal day I Tra la ha, la ha la, Tra la la la la ! This ohorus was succeeded by a bridal catch in the native language, the burden being taken by the female voices, the reply being given by the males. It had a peculiar and weird effect, the melody seeming to come fromi all parte at once, echoing and reechoing : *So yon aira — ' So yon aira ' Hah 1 ha! " Come, my children," said John Merden, when the echoes of the music had died away, " and let me join you togeither, never in this world to be parted save by death." Herbert took Orinora's hand and advanced with her to the altar, presided over by the venerable and imposing presence. Ebby walked at his side, and Dorala and Aherno supported their lady's train. The manly grace of Herbert, the dreamlike' beauty of Orinora made a picture when they stood in front of the altar that threw John Morden into ah ecstasy. " From two such," he exclaimed," what a 1 noble and beautiful race might spring, thank the Great Power for this night. Orinora wore rare and lovely, jewels, and they made her look a queen. John's eyes wandered over her lovely form with the pride of a lather. Suddenly he notioed a rosy sparkle, almost oonoealed by the dreBa on her ' bosom. "What jewel is that, Orinora ? " he asked. "It is a native jewel'. I found in .my drawers," said Orinora, with a blush, that made her face rosier than the jewel's flash; " a jgift from Paranoa in other ^ days. It was worn by the last prinoeBs of the island." " The Singoramba," replied Morden with a pleased smile. " It is a good omen. But such a princess never wore that mystic gilt on this island as now." " Nor on any other," said Herbert.' : H^ was about to take their hands when a wild and barbaric shont pealed into the air. John Morden staggered back like a man ftho had received a mortal blow. His face ,be« . came ghastly. Clear and wild the tones rang on their ears, question and answer, toio well understood by John Morden. QUESTION—Ai laianora, airah ora, Ailaianoxa ah; Nai kaialora, naira nora' \ Kai kinalora sah— Marambola, Marambola nah! Marambola, Marambola mah! ANSWER—So diorara', So triosara, / Caroom boon ara Laice ozoom! "My God, what does this mean?" cried John Morden; " I have not heard that terrible song since the night when Henry Allan and Marambola attacked the isle. Am I dreaming? Do I hear rightly? What can it mean?" "Death and destruction," said an agitated voice, aad dripping with water, his clothes torn and his whole aspect that of tenor. Harry Forbes rushed into theroom. "Death and destruction," cried John Morden; " what do you mean ? No one can approaah this isle." He turned quickly and pressed a knob on the wall, different from that he used to turn on the electric light. . "There," he said, triumphantly, "if the natives have rebelled I defy them. A circuit of death encloses this island; a circuit that none can paBS.' *' You trust in what is of no avail," replied Harry. "Paramoa was here to-day and destroyed the machinery and took away the firearms. We are drowned. The island is surrounded by savages who have sworn to kill every white person exeept Ormote." - Orinora fainted in Herbert's arms; Dorala, and Aherno beat their breasts juidtaratheir hair after the manner of their excitable race. "We are to blame; we are to: blame," they cried, the tears raining down their faces. "We left the isle and he eame and did thiB." John Morden said nothing. He at opce sprang out of the room. Harry wty> was wild with terror clasped Ebby in his arms. : " We are lost, Ebby," he said. " I overheard the whole plot and I made all haste to * reach the isle to give warning so that we could fly to the mountains. But ldid not know my course; I blundered here and there and at last capsized the boat. I saved my» life by swimming, and as Providence would > have it lighted on the fight island." Ebby did not reply. Instead of feding; terror at the news he was exalted. He cciuld now get the party to fly to his balloon and it would save them. How to baffle the'savagei in the darkness of the night now became his study. At this moment John Morden entered. He appeared in a few minutes to have wilted and became an aged and helpless man. " Oh, my God," he cried sinking on ioa couch," how I have been deceived. Marambola did not die; he has lived these years for revenge, and it is at last in his hand. What treachery, what ingratitude afterldlX did for these wretches in human form The circuit is destroyed, the firearms gone—there *° r is- most horrible of deaths will be ours, themoBt terrible of fates Orinora s. Oh, my daughter, my child, I msh y°u had died in jour infanoy: S i d fo"ow/ He went' over to her and kissed the lovely girl fraatio- (Tohe continued.) •Shall be have her, Shall behave her ' Yes! yes! • For he loves her, Fwhe loveahar—" ••> 