EOHOES OF MELBOURNE . :?:?.'?- . :(BY The GHOST.) . i ?: f.'.0up' week has come' in. most oppor tunely to enable the Government to recover their equanimity over the result, of 'the election for West Melbourne. Of course the Ministry affect to see no political signi ficance, whatever in the return of Mr. :Carter and the rejection of Mr. Simon Frazer. Had some of the members of the Administration not personally interfered during - the contest, there would perhaps have been very little significance in the choice of the electors, but in view of the fact that the Minister of Eailways, the Minister o f Mines, and even the Premier usedtheir influence to induce the consti tuency to select Mr Frazer, the fiat of the first important constituency that has had the opportunity of expressing an opinion on the merits of Mr. Service and his col leagues, is the hand' writing on the. wall betokening ' the beginning of the end.' Intruth, indications that the Ministry is realising the fact that even coalitions must some day go 'the way of allflesh,' are patent to all who watch the stream, of current events.: Mr. Kerferd will be the first to leave the Ministerial ranks, , and then the sinking ship will be abandoned by Messrs. ? ; Service and Berry, and Mr. Deakin, the two last-named : gentlemen being desirous of filling. the post of Agent General on the expiration . of Mr. Murry Smith's tenure of .office, and ,the . Premier contemplating a trip to the mother coun ifcryi in search of health and an extension of his ; ; mercantile , connection. , The lesser lights ; of.- the,; Government, although favouring; ..a. 'reconstruction'; ; of the Cabinet, which :: would simply, mean the re tention of ' their .own. portfolios i and . .the selection: of .... .their; most dangerous,. oppo- nents as colleagues, are hardly, -up to the markjOf even the average Colonial , states nan, \ and : will ; in ' all j. probability ,fihd'T'the -\\\\\ -. p-ii-i -.'?-.:» V/i jj: ' - .'-. ??!-:? r.'.'-il .'.?-. :!}?,?; -; ; ; task they aro desirous of undertaking; be-; yond their,, powers of accomplishment. Everything therefore points to the conclu sion that: before many months are over '? the opportunity so ardently' : longed for by the Opposition will have ar rived, and. the Treasury benches be filled by a fresh lot of occupants. Although the return of the late popular ' Mayor of Melbourne to a seat in the Assembly may :be without vory much political significance, the event conveys- a lesson which the 'popular' chamber of the Legislature would; do well to- lay to heart. If the choice of West ' Melbourne' means anythii-g, it' is that the country is not prepared to' tolerate the, 'grand-, motherly' legislation to; which the Coalition: Government . is giving its atten-; tion,' and. that the Licensing JBill- the Factories Bill/ the Trades Union 'Bill, and; the measures interfering with the full and free'liberty of the subject/ and the re-.1 striction's on ja Free Sunday.fire distasteful' to .a. large section' of the community. The oft quoted maxim that '(people cannot be made firtuousiby act of Parliament ' is one which the Government are apparently propared-.to ignore. *The only result : which i the^worfc of ' the present : session is certain' to accomplish'-' is ? a large -increase in 'the number ,of Police Court cases fpr'infrac-: tions of the law; which' is certain' to follow ' on the increased interference with the per-' sonal liberty of .the people. ;...-., s Last week the inmates of bur Zoological Gardens , were afforded an 'unwonted treat.-. Hitherto 'one of the chief sources, of attrac tion atithis popular place of .public, .resort has been the demeanour of the . animals, ati feeding time. The tables for the nonce wore turned, and the animals were ? affordedJari opportunity ? of witnessing the ; demeanour of a 'select number of the human species during the pi-ogress' of a free banquet.' ;The idea of .', nobbling ' members of . Parlia-' ment by inviting them to dinner, and then impressing upon honourable, members the necessity of voting an increased amount on the estimates, was undoubtedly a master stroke of genius. The way to the average Englishman's heart is; said to be through his stomach, and it would appear as if the giver of the entertainment had a lurking idea that the' way, to the breeches pocket of the Victorian legislator ,is through his mouth. ;! When it is known that the ex pense of the feast is. to !be a charge on the public revenue, much of the credit due to the giver of the : entertainment will per haps vanish, and there will' only be one opinibnin /regard to the affair among the taxpayers. Were it possible to arrive. at the opinion of the animals'in the garden's, their description of the scenes they wit nessed ' would perhaps tend to lower the estimation in which some of the people's representatives hold themselves; for, if rumour is to be credited, some '.of the' festive revellers entered so fully into the' humour of the proceedings that itwould hardlybe angure of speech to say 'they made : perfect beasts of themselves,' although it might be a libel on the 'less noble portion of creation.' ; ' ' ; True' to the Fabian policy of procrasti nation by which it is hoped to weary out the patience and forbearance of the Scots Church congregation, the Melbourne Pres bytery, in secret conclave assembled, has once more postponed taking action on the request of a section of Mr. Strong's late adherents to be allowed to 'cail' a minister.. The ' irreconcilables .' appear determined to waive aside the olive branch; and drive all who are indisposed to accept1 the dogma of S.S. Rentoul and M'Eachren from the ranks of the church. And not content with injuring the Scots Church congregation by impugning their orthodoxy, and without formulating any charges pronouncing sentence upon them, they further insult them by appointing one of their bitterest persecutors — the Rev.'-'Mr.'M'Eachren— to occupy the pulpit of the Scots Church; while the congre gation are 'inhibited' from exercising their right of choosing their own pastor. This proceeding savours somewhat strongly of substituting a stone for the bread, or the serpent for the fish. It would seem as if ' the' saying in regard to the Bourbons, that they were as incapable of forgetting as of learning, were true in respect; bf: the reverend divines who con stitute th'e. governing body of the Presby terian Church. Surely the unseemly squab ble , has ; raged quite long enough, and sufficient has been done in the estimation of most sensible persons' to satisfy the vanity of certain members of the General Assembly,1 destroy the worldly prospects of a too successful brother worker in \ the; Lord's' vineyard, and bring discredit on Christianity, and its teachings. , It is high time to let the curtain fall over the wliolei unseemly .episode. ' ????' ?*,?' .?? ? November 7. ? ?-!???!.? 