THE FIBESIDE STORY OF IRELAND. BT DION BOVCICAULT. IV. THE Normans, who founded the first settlement in Ireland, were true settlers; that is, having planted themselves in the soil, they grew in it. The Irish chieftains were dispossessed of their lands, and driven into the West. The English invaders fortified certain towns; castles were erected by them, and within the sweep of their forces English forms of government prevailed for their use, and English laws were imposed for their convenience; but, beyond these limits, no attempts were made to extend authority or improvement. This was the first land grab. The spoliation of Ireland was effected in three grabs. There was the church grab, which transferred the property of the Irish Church to English proprietors. There was the land grab, that transferred the estates of the Irish chieftains and proprietors to English filibusters and favourites. There was the office grab ; for, when there was no more land to divide, the revenue of the country, the civil and military offices, the whole patronage of the Government, were divided amongst English adherents and adventurers. We have described the first land grab. The Norman filibusters, having taken possession, found the ways of Irish life so agreeable, and Irish habits and associations so attractive, that they soon relinquished their foreign manners, and adopted those of the Irish nobility; they rapidly lost their Norman habits to become Irish chieftains. The De Berghs became Burkes, the Le Boutiiiers became Butlers, and of the Fitzgeralds nothing remained Norman but the name. A complaint arose that these feudal families were becoming more Irish than the Irish. To arrest this conquest of the conquerors, a statute was passed in 1367 declaring it high treason for any Englishman to marry an Irishwoman, or to put out an English child to nurse. It was forfeiture of life and lands to speak the Irish language, or to follow Irish manners or customs. To sequestertheEnglishmore perfectly, a part of the land around Dublin, consisting of half the counties of Dublin, Kildare, Meath, and Louth, was fenced off, and all within that fold was called the " Pale." Within this fence no Irishman was allowed to enter ; if found there he was killed, and a reward was paid for killing him. At length it became a pastime to make forays beyond its lines into Irish Ireland, where they shot or strangled the wild natives. The records of the period relate how the young English lords went out to have a little killing for amusement—a day's shooting amongst the human game which infested the lands beyond the " Pale." Such was the condition of things when the civil wars of York and Lancaster recalled many of the adventurers, who, finding more profitable fields for filibustering at home, recrossed the Channel. England's trouble becoming Ireland's opportunity, the chieftains began to drive out the English incumbents from the forfeited lands. About forty Norman lords, who had become nationalised by intermarriage with the Irish nobility, joined their forces, and nearly the entire of the province of Ulster was rapidly overrun, and the " Pale" itself soon became no longer an English sanctuary. For a brief period this confederacy of Irish chieftains and Norman barons ruled the island. When England, after the battle of Bosworth Field, was disengaged from internal trouble, Henry VII. turned his attention to the re-occupation of the " Pale." About this time the Lords of the Pale, calling themselves the Parliament of Ireland, surrendered the right to consider any laws which had not previously obtained the approval of the English Privy Council in London. This badge of slavery is the Magna Charta of Ireland. It was so regarded by England for four hundred years, and was held to be a sacred bond even until 1782, when it was repealed. It was replaced in 1800 by the Act of Union, which practically has effected the same results. V. We now come to the second land grab. It covered the sixteenth century. The whole country was given up to indiscriminate plunder. Land grabbing was no longer regulated by confiscation or torfeiture. The English soldiers left unpaid were encouraged to help themselves. Their leaders seized estates, a'f a million of acres so occupied were ubsequently confirmed to the robbers. i The manner in which the land grab was effected is minutely and faithfully recorded by the officials of the English Government of the period. It requires no comment. The policy of England was avowed. In the words of Sir John Davis, it was "to root out the Irish" from the soil, and, after clearing it of the chieftains and the septs as a wild country is cleared of its trees and wild vegetation, to plant it with English tenants. There was no disguise affected about the manner or means by which the English officers and troops set about their business of depopulating the country. There is nothing in history that affords any parallel to the ferocity with which this policy was carried out. It commenced by isolated outrage. A servant of the British Government was employed to assassinate the Irish leading chieftain, Shaun O'Neil, by a present of poisoned wine. The attempt was detected; but the would-be murderer appealed to the English Government, and was liberated. When the Earl of Essex was on a visit to Sir Brien O'Neil, the house affording him hospitality was surrounded by the English soldiers during the night. Essex arrested his host, his wife, and family. They were executed, and he massacred the whole body of his clan. A high English official invited seventeen Irish chieftains to supper, at the conclusion of which they were all assassinated. The massacre thus inaugurated became general. Women and children who fell into the hands of the marauding bands of soldiers were butchered. The process of extermination by the sword being ineffective and tedious, it was resolved to try starvation. " In pursuance of this policy a great part of Ireland was ravaged, and all the means of human subsistence were systematically destroyed. The whole population was steadily and skilfully starved to death." " Out of every corner of the woods and glens they came, creeping forth on their hands, for their legs could not bear them. They looked like anatomies of death— they spoke like ghosts crying out of their graves—they did eat the dead carrion; happy when they could find them. They were not only driven to eat horses, dogs, and dead carrions, but also the carcases of dead men. The land itself, which, before these wars, was populous and rich in all the good blessings of God— plenteous of corn, full of cattle—is now become so barren—both of man and beast—that whoever did travel from one end, for one hundred and twenty miles he would not meet any man. woman, or child, saving in towns and cities." " The troops of Sir Richard Percy left neither corn, nor barn, nor house unburnt between Kinsale and Ross. Sir Charles Wilmot, finding an unresisting Irish camp, where there was none but wounded and sick, he put them all to the sword. In six months more than thirty thousand people had been starved to death in Munster alone. The English bands under Pelham and Osmond killed blind and feeble men, women, boys, and girls, sick persons, idiots, and old people." After all resistance had ceased, the soldiers surrounded the population of villages, forcing men, women, and children into old barns, which were set on fire. Those who attempted to escape were shot or piked. The soldiers took up infants on the points of their spears to whirl them about in their agony. Women were found hanging on trees with their children at their breasts, strangled with their mothers' hair. No spectacle was more frequent throughout the country than to see multitudes of people lying dead in the ditches, with their mouths all coloured green by eating nettles, docks, and all things that they could find above ground. Sir Arthur Chichester witnessed three small children, the eldest not above ten years old, feeding off the flesh of their starved mother." "In Munster half a million of acres were thus cleared, confiscated, and bestowed on English filibusters." "The conditions of the grant specified that no native Irish should be tenants under the new proprietors. They might be labourers and serfs, or outcasts, condemned to die of starvation or to live by robbery." These were the features under which the Protestant religion first presented itself to the Irish people. No other attempt was made to convert the population. The sword and penal laws were the apostles of the reformation. (To be continued.) ROBUST and blooming health in Hop Bitters (American Co.'s), and no family can afford to be without them. Bead. For years the world has accepted WOLFE'S CHNAPPS as the best cordial tonic and nvigorant in its market. 