CHRISTMAS— OLD AND NEW; The 6enson of universal happiness and kindly "feeling has again come round. Hospitality, charity, peace and goodwill, spread over the country - at this period of the year like somo sweet incense. What heart does not dilate with mingled pleasure and regret at the me mory of scones of other Christmas seasons— at the recollection of faces no more seen on earth ? But even onr regrets are softened hy tho universal season of 'rejoicing and goodly cheer. "We catch tho pervading feeling of the time, and the sorrows and trials of tho year that is dying are forgotten. Among tho ancient superstitions connected with Christmas was one which represented the prostration of the powers of darkness at this season. Evil was for a time banished from tho earth, haman passions, envy, hatred, and all uncharitablnoss were lost in the universal senti ment of brotherhood 'and human sympathy, asso ciated with tho ovent that the festival cominomo- rated. No evil influences could be exorted in mankind by the Powers of Darkness. The ghosts of old fends and quarrels were Imil. The cock was supposed to scaro away all. malignant spirits. Shakspearo expresses this idea very beautifully in the words which he puts into tho mouth of Mnrcollus in Hamlet : It failed on tho crowing of th« cock. Some Kay tliat ever 'cniast that season couics Wherein onr Saviours Wi th Is celebrated, This bird of dawning slogoth all night long. And then thoy say no spirit dares stir abroad ; The nights »ro trliolcsnmo : thon no planets strlko. No fairy takes, nor witch hath power to diann. So hatiow'd and so gracious is the time. Our ancestors regarded Christmas in, tho double light of a holy commemoration and a joyful festival, and honored it by devotion, vacation from business, merriment and hos pitality, No salutation was proper without "a merry Christmas." It would have been an un pardonable act of forgetfnlness to conclude a letter without " tho compliments of the season." Christmas day, as every schoolboy knows, is tho festival of the nativity of Jesus Christ. Formerly some communities of Christians ccle- UlKtCU 46. UU UIV Xhl. Ut 6UC UtU VI «7UUUiUJ« HUU otjiers on tho 29tk .of March, this time of tho Jewish passover, while a few observed it on tho 29th of September, the Feast of Tabernacles. The Eastern churches celebrated the Nativity on the 6th January, while the Western churches observed tho 25th December, bnt in courso of time the lattor day was generally adopted. According to Chrysostom, who lived in the fifth century, tho present day was appointed by Julius I., Popo or Bishop of Rotno from 337 to 352 A.D., as the fatorum ominium metropolis, but some other doubtful authorities Bay the day was fixed hy St. Tclesphorus, hotween 128 aud 139 A.D. Many of the popular observances of Christ mas Day arc traceable to Pagan customs. The early Christian fathers sought to soften the revels of the Roman Saturnalia by adapting them in a modified form to the solemnities of Christian festivals, in order to render them sub servient to the canse of religion and pioty. The pagan Saturnalia was connected with the worship of tho -sun under the name of Saturn, regarded as tho visible manifestation of the deity, worshipped tinder Ibo name of Odin or Wodin hy . the Scandinavians, Mithras by the Persians, and Baal or Bel hy tho Fhcenicians or Carthaginians. Among the ancient Britons the Christmas festivities were mingled with Druidical rites and ceremonies, and later with the customs of , tho ancient Germans and Scandinavians, Among these were tho yule log. At tho feast of Jual, at the winter solstice, the Scandinavians kindled ' huge fires in honor of their god Thor. Some historians think tho custom is even of older origin, and may he traced back to tho heathenish practico of passing through tho fire. In old English country houses there was, and still is, a custom of dragging in a ponderous log from tho woods to the widest chamber of the hall, or baronial c&stlo;, Xiio wayturors reverentially saluted the log as it passed because they, recog nised it as the symbol of hospitality and good cheer. Tho most crojs-grained block of elm was generally selected for the yule log, and the half burnt remains were preserved until next season as a charm against fire in tho house. An 'old song runs v—. Klpdlo the Christmas hranl, and then. 'j IU sunno set let It hnrne ; Which qucncht, then lay it up agon Bll Christina-, ncxtrcturne. part mast tic kept srherewlib to rreni ' The Chrlsimits Ing naxt yean. And when 'tis safe!, kept the dead Can do no mtichtele there. It was regarded as a sign of had luck if a squint-eyed person entered the hall when the log was bajntng, and tho arrival of a flat-footed woman was if dire portent of evil In Scotland the yule log isthp ashton fagot," and in De vonshire and Contwall, " the mock." The Goths and Saxons called tlie festival yul or yule, said to he derived from the name of a hymn in honor of Ceres, bnt the term is more probably another form at tne wora giui or mm, wheel, Christmas being tho turning point of the year, or the period at which the sun made the revolution in his circuit aud entered on his northern journey. Hetrick gives the following verso on the dragging of the yule Jog Come bring with nolae, My merry merry boys, Tlie Christmas log to the firing, TVliHo niy good damo she Did all yo be true, And drink to your heart's desiring. Among tho ancients it was considered unlucky if Christmas Day fell hpon a Sunday, An old M.S. in tho British Museum contains the fol lowing verse : — Lotdebigs, I arnra you nil befotne, Ycf that day that Chryste was borne Folio uppon a Sunday, That wynter shall bo good par fay, tint grcto ryndos aloft shalbe, Tho somer shatbo layre aud dryo. - '!theie are people in these days who believe that Friday is an unlneky day for Christinas, as well as for most other things. During the Commonwealth Christmas day- lost much of that spirit of retclry aud fun which was wont to characterise it in the earlier times. The Puritans weut so far as to make a ridiculous attempt to aholish the rejoicings and festivities of the season, and to convert the day into one of dismal fasting and prayer. The old fashioned Christmas day was threatened with extinction by act of Parliament. But national sentiment and custom were proof against even the pions iconclasm of the Puri tans. We are told in the sarcastic songs of the day that theso ascetics hated even the time honored mince pie : — Tho high shoo lords of Cromwell's making Weio Dot for dahules — roasting, baking; Tho clilefcst food tbey found most good In Were rusty bacon and bag podding; - Plum broth was popish, and mlncc pie, O, that waa flat Idolatry. Sir Rodger de Coverly, however, thought there was some hope for a dissenter when he saw him enjoying plum porridge on Christmas day. When cards wero regarded as the engines of Satan, the tine old English gentlempn en joyed a special indulgence on Christmas day, when the family pack was produced from the mantelpiece; and brandy garnished with.. toast and nutmeg replaced the ordinary ale. Whis- tlecroft describes how a sumptnons feast was given at Carlisle, when people from every corner of tho country were freely entertained. The hill of faro contained— Hogsheads ot honey, kilderkins of mustard. Muttons aud lotted beeves and bacon awlne, Herona and bltterna, peacocks, swan and bustard. Teal, mallard, plgeona, widgeons, and, in fine, -Pinm puddlnge, paneektel apples aud enstard, ind therewithal they drank good Gascon wine, With mead and ale and elder of our own, For porter, punch and negus -wero not known. All sorts of people there were teen together. All sorts of characters, all sorts of dresses; Tho fool with (ox's faca and peacock's feather, pRgrlms and peultcata ana gravs borgasses. Tlia country people wHh their coats of leather, Vlntersaud victuallers. wHl cans and messes, Grooms, archers, varlett, . falconers and yeomen ' Damsels and waiting maids and waiting women. All the old Bongs show .that onr English ancestor keenly appreciated good living. One of the early poet sings Mow nil our neighbors' chimneys smolie, And Christmas blocks are burning. Their ovens they with baked meat ekeke, Andall their spile sru tnrolng, "Without tbe door 1st sorrow lye, Alf.lorcoldttnpttodio. . . wen bury it In the Christmas pye, Aad sVerroora bo marry. j Afhf mtnra flf dt0S»tiflg tt> h«OM6 With green boughs and flowers is derived, from an old heathen practice. Tho Druids decked the house? with evergreens ih December, in order that- the sylvan spirits might repair tothefo and remain unnipped with frost audi cold winds until the milder season had' renewed the foliage of their favorite abodes. Says Folydbre Vergil, "Trimmyng of ih'o temples with hangynges o fiouics, boughes, and garlandes was taken of the heathen people, which decked their idols and houses with such array." Stow, in his Survey of London, informs us that "at tho feast of Christmns'-every man's house, as also tho parish churches, were decked with holme (tho evergreen oak), ivy, bayes, and whatso ever tho season of the year afforded to bo green." In several parts of Yorkshire it used to bo customary fdr tho maid servant to ask a mnn for ivy to decorate'. the-Souse,- aud if he refused or neglected to fetch in a supply the maids stole a pair of his breeches, and nailed them up to a gate in the yard or high way. Worse than all tho offender lost tlie privilege of kissing tho girls under the mistle toe. The mistletoo was called by the Druids "the all heal." The plant was regarded by them witli the utihost veneration when found grow ing on an oakTthe favorito tree of their (liviuity Tutimes, who appears to havq been iden tical with the Phceniciou god Baal, or tlie sun. At the 01iristmn9 season the Chief Drnid, clothed in white, an emblem of purity, ascendod an oak tree, and with a golden sickle cut the plant, which was caught by another priest in tho folds of his robe. The mistletoo was then distributed iu small portions among the people, and hang up over the entrance to their dwellings as. a pro pitiation and shelter to the sylvan deities. Tho growth of tho mistletoo on tlie oak is now of rare occurrence, but in many parts of England it .flourishes on tho apple tree. Tho laying of mistletoe on the Druidical altar proclaimed public and universal liberty, pnrdon aud free dom to all inferior, and even wicked, people. In The Fireside Book there is a lively descrip tion of the timo-honored custom of kissing under the mislotoo bough, aud the peoplo are asked to do homage— To tbu honest bliss OI the hearty kiss Where the inblvlsc was swinging. When the berry u-hlto Was claimed by right On tbe pnio green branches cllngtog. When the warm blnih came from n gulltle.rs shmilu. And the Hps so bald In stealing Rnd never broke Tbe vows they spoke Of tr-nlh and manly feeling. There used to be au idea prevalent among the girls, even in our days, that the girl who was not kissed under tho mistletoe at Christmas would not he married in the following year. In the old feasts tho boar's head was the piice de resistance of th ; festivo hoard. Itsad- vent was heralded hy a flourish of trumpets, uccompanied by strains of merry minstrelsy. It was borne on a dish of gold or silver to tho banqueting hall by a stately procession of nobles, knights and Indies. Wo read-in an old book how Lord Jersey sont Mrs. Ford a hoar's head as a love token, and tlmt the lady, amused at a present so novel, said sho would- have eaten it had it been eatable. Next in importance to the boar's head camo the pea cock. Sometimes tho whole body of the bird was covered with gold leaf and a piece of cotton saturated with spirits, which were lighted before the company commenced operations.The peacock was only served to ladies of distinguished birth or beauty. Tho plum pudding described byRabisha in 16.75, nud by Addison, bore a close resemblance to that of our own times. One of tho popular Christmas dishes was " pye," which Misson describes a9 a i'a great nostrum, a most learned mixture or neats' tongues, chicken, sugar, raisins, lemon, orange peel, and various kinds of spicery. " Hero is a- verso from an old song : — Come cnord this night the Christinas pye, That the tlilefo, though ne'r so site, With his flesh hooks don't come nle To catcli It From him, irho Ml Alone oltn tiiere, lliivhil? liis eves HtlU hi lib eare. And A deal of mighty feare. To watch If, If the cook did not have the Christmas " pre " ready in tho morning the young men wonld take her by tho arms aud run her round tho market as a punishment for her laziness. Tho good nlo wife used to attract customers with "a bra' goose pye." Plum porridge was a kind of sonp -with plums. To theso dishes were added great sirloins ' of beef, capons, turkeys, geese, and other danties. In the minds of Highlanders Christmas is as sociated with recollections of tho Prech- dachdan, sour scones, the kiavamuchd, lnck- vouil. sonsy hoggi9 and other national dishes. Snapdragon has been a favorito Christmas amusement from time immemorial, and thero is little doubt that it can be traced to tho fiery ordeal of the middle ages, or tho customs of the Druids.. We are told, in the old play of Tlnmiln (Lnl. srhpn Hnranlas bad k ill", 1 tho flaming dragon of Hespcria, he made a dainty dish with tho apples of the orchard and called it " Snapdragon." It is hardly necessary to inform the reader that in snapdragon rai6ins are deposited in a large shallow dish, brandy or some other spirit poured over them and ignited, and that the fnu consists in snatching tbe frnit out of tbe flumes. It is usual to extinguish tlie lights during the game, so that tlie lurid glare from the flaming spirits may oxerciso to tho full its weird effect. There is au appropriate song for tbe occasion Here lie enmes with flaming howl, Don't tic acem to take tils loll 7 hntpt ' Hnapl Dragon I Take care yon don't take too mocb Be not greedy In your claich. Snip I heap I Dragon I With Uls hiuo and lapping tongue Many of you will ho stung, bnlpl Snap! Dragon 1 For he snaps at all that cetnes, SnatchtyK nt his (east of plums, Sulp t flnsnl Dragon I The instititution of the Christmas treo comes from Germany, and is comparatively of re cent introduction. The tree, is arranged by the sonior members in a particular room of the house, and ia the evening the children are assembled in an adjoining apart ment. At a given signal tho door is thrown open, the children rush in and eagerly demolish the tree, tbe names of the respective recipients being written on the articles. Santa Claus is also of. German origin. Before going to sleep the children bang up tbeir sto kings, which ore filled during the night by tbe mysterious Santa Claus. Where the child has been naughty tho custom is to put in a rod in stead of sweetmeats. Jeremy Taylor refers to the ancient custom of singing Christinas carols as derived from the hymn sung tty ino angeta uu lUL- piuiua ui Bethlehem : " As soon as these blessed choris ters had sung their Christmas carol and taught tbe church a hymn to put into her voices for ever in the anniversary' of this festival, the angels returned into heaven." Milton also bos tbe same idea in hie Paradise Regained — Uls plocc-of birth tbe solemn angel lulls To simple »bopni-tds, keeping watch hy night They gladly thither haste, and by a quire Of a tuudroued nugels heir His carol aiuig. Tho carols were originally of the rudest kind, but in process oi time assumed a more polished and harmonious form. The earliest specimens are in Norman French, and belong to tbe 13th centuiy. The Puritans composed devout carols, which were coflated in a book published in Edinburgh in 1621, entitled The gude and Oodlg hallaies, an « compendious book of Godly and spirituall sangs. The word carol is derived from cantare, losing, and rola, au interjection of joy. In Scotland the custom of singing Christ inas-carols was discouraged by Jobn Knox, but iu W-ales it exists to a greater extent than in England. Buruaby Googe translates the fol lowing from tlie Latin of Neogeorgus ; — And carols sing lu pryss of Christ, 'And for to help them heare, Tlie organs aunswere every rurse With sweet and solemn chvare. The pilesles doe tore nlonds, and round About the parents stande. To see the sport amid with their royce Doe Iwlpe them and their hand. The waits were formerly watchmen, who called out the hours of tbe night. When tbey becalm musiciwi, thy . i nr» anally wait pages, or minstrels attached to the king's conrt. In London the waits nstd to wear a badge on tho arm to denoto that tbey were tho Lord Mayor's musicians. In an old engraving by Bloemardt, a wait is rtprc'- sonted dressed iri -a wideawake hat, with a feather, and a kind of smock frock, his cheeks distended with tho vigor of bis exertions on tho pipes — Ho blows his bagpipe soft or strong. Or blah or low to hymn or snng; Or 'l.r.ll lament,- or solemn gronn, . Or dnmo, or reel or sad O hone; Or tutlud pay, or well-n-day. / - To all he gives duo inelodyl" Tn tho year 1825 a party of Genoese waits camo to England, and such was their musical skill that thoy could play any foreign tune that was called for. In tho Taller wo read that tho young ladies of Nottingham complained of want of sleep by reason of certain riotous lovers, who invested the streets with violins and bass viols from twelve to four o'clock in tbe morning. In nn old song the people are in vited to do do honor To the tuneful wait At the mansion unto. Or the glad aweet vu!ccs Ulondlng, AVhcn the carol ro«o At tho midnight's eln-e To tho sleeper's oars ascending. Tho mummers occupied a prominent place in tho Christmas revelries of olden times. This custom was also a relic of tho Saturnalia, whon tho men and women oxchaugcd cost times aud wore masks. Tlie early Christian1; adopted the custom from their Pagan neighbors, and the miracle plays nre said to have had their origin in the efforts of the fathers of tlie Church to givo a pious turn to the masquerades of tlie ancient tnammers. King Henry tho YI1I. issued nn edict against the mummers, lmt even tho mandate of a monarch wa9 powerless against popular taste. Among the ancient mummers the conspicuous figures wero old IJitiker Christ- inns, tho Grand Turk, a Kuight of St. George, Oliver Cromwell, a doctor with a euro for every thing, nnd Beelzebub. The lord of misrule was the master of cere monies of tho Christinas revelries. Ho. carried a fool's bauble as n badge of office, nnd was attended bv a once. He nsunllv commenced the revels by informing the company that 'ho bud dispensed with all wisdom, and that they were only to he jnst wise enough to make .fools of themselves. Tho Puritans denounced these pastimes as " revelry, epicuristne, wantoncsse, idlcnesse, dancing, drinking, stage plaies, masques nnd carnal pomp and jollity," which " all good Christians should eternally abomi nate." The Christmas pantomime had its plaeo in tlie ancient grotesque performances. Cibber says they originated in au attempt to make stage dancing something more than motion withont meaning. Tho first English panto mime was produced in 1717, nnd was described as "a new Italian comic scene (never per formed bofore) between a scaramouch, a harle quin, a country farmer, his wife anil otlieis." Rich introduced scenes into pantomimo consist ing of the courtship of harlequin and columbine, aud ut ouo time tlie rote of burlequin was not considered dero gatory to nu actor of reputation, but then it was not like most pantomimes of tlie present day, mere noise, acrobatic feats aud coarse buffoonery. Tbe custom of giving arid receiving Christmas boxes is derived from a similar practico among the Romans during the Saturnalia. It is said the Romish priests used to put boxes, supposed to be under the protection of somo patron saint, ou board all vessels trading to India, the offerings put :"i 11 — ' - being for musses for tin ,' i. ... , which were called "Ch aim hence " Christ-mass boxes." .<>ui ti oiicititi-; Christmas boxes is beii . .to I tu ' ;? in these days, and is on th i i;ie. Christinas day in tlx -i-jnie; !- to; :: of many of the good old mis whie\ lerise its observance at ' . Iv ». m-.'-ler rlimnfiv nml wtfli t 1 > Urnc.- r;#<.r«j "» we' havo not flic and wintry winds to drive , iu tlie choc: -i ; fireside, to talk over I . . (-one scenes at. : memories, and form ph.a to. r the y - Hi t . to come. The reunion <: toitore-i !o third and sometimes fourth , v - n t - ! oho common hearth, from tl -! je-haii -to ::to sire and grand dumo > ihv pa'.ii);: irj!.- i is not common here. (J a ; .! Jove i:>-.- put 1 air and open fields t. - ;i-a-»:r pastimes, j Bnt in those feelings of t : . . ;>. ' !:tv "ami i kindly sympathy whie rr«:n- : i season they are nota wit ' in i home. The voluntary to.- u'.iir > tiqics, and the broad sy ,.<.ht w.:b and misfortune, are i ?--.<! by t.v.- . donations to every form i -!».; ;i v . ito, tiuction of creed. Livii.- 'o ito-i o. and prosperity than the ...--cv- wltd n";>nln» tions of English cities, ai Victoria are quicker iu their symp "' u.-. iodine !. it-end in their benevolence. 