'THE CITY OF BIG-BIG.' Being a series of letters descriptive of the condition of society in the community which was formerly knowa as ' Kooringa,' in the years xgxo-zi and ia. By LankfOrt von Lowenhebtz. M.D. D.CL,LLD,F.R.CS.,&c.; ? ♦ ? ' From L. vonLowennertz, Esq., M.D., etc., etc, Big-Big, to His Excellency Heliogabalus Howlnawk, envoy extraordinary, to Stanley I., King of Kongo. LETTER XVHL Which is of a Warlike Character. ?? Hotel de Big-Big,' March 1. 1910. Excellenzo ! I have not written to yon since January 15 — rather a long lapse under the circumstances— but I sent you packets of papers containing the doings of Big-Big, in order to cheer you up. Your second letter, dated Viti (in error for Vivi, I suppose) on the Kongo, reached me very shortly after the one received from the sea. It makes me extremely happy to think that His Majesty, amid all his cares of state, remembers me, and preserves what I sent him in former times. Please express my grateful thanks for his courtesy, but I am going to write to him personally on the matter. Your letter rather roused my curiosity, and I spent some hours one day in looking over old papers and letters, where I found the original draft of ' On — Stanley — On !' I read it with melancholy interest. In searching among my papers, however, I hit upon something even still more melancholy. It was a detail, written by myself — being at that time a young chap in India — of certein operations of one Major Gordon, then in China. He was afterwards known as V Chinese Gordon,' rose to the rank of Major-General, and the rest you know well enough, I suppose. Well, in writing these details (1864) I interpolated this verse : ' When a man have no glory to fight for at home, Let him battle for those of his neighbours ; Let him fight for the glories of Greece and of Rome, And get knocked on the head for his labours. To do good to mankind is an excellent plan, [And you're always so nobly requited !] Then battle for Freedom, whenever you can. And (if not shot, or hanged) you'll get Imightcd !' Underneath this, I find I had written these words : — ' Such will, no doubt, be the fate of poor Major Gordon,' — and so it was ! How strange to me the words on the stained and rotten paper looked and how prophetic? I shivered a little, .surveying as it were, a ghost of myse]f ! I will preserve the paper to show you, when you come — for I feel- as if you are approaching nearer ! Apart from the voluminous details and printed cuttings which I sent you, other matters of considerable interest to you and us all, in fact, have arisen ; some of them, if not all, having had their origin in the new, and greatly admired name of our colony. There are some few minds, so debased and ignorant as to not comprehend its magnificent etymology, its ihrillling euphony, or its forcible appli cation. But people of such depraved taste are now rapidly dying out — thanks to Miss Flibber tigibbett and a few more spirited ladies and gentlemen; — buttheyusedtoaboundinthelatter part of 1885, and their vulgar rhapsodies read strangely enough now. But the age of ignor ance and vulgar prejudice has passed away, I trust forever ! Of course the patriotic change of name necessitated many changes, social political and commercial. Public companies have been affected. What used to be the South Australian Parliament is now of course, the ' Tumborumboringiroria,' and ' all sorts and conditions' of mercantile houses, bearing the name, and Joint-Stock Companies. And not a few publications have had to assume the new title, such as the ' Tumborurrboringirorian Directory' — the ' Tumboruiuboringirorian 'PostalGuide,'andsoon. The Tumborumboiin girorian Register ','appears as a matter of course, the heading being arranged in three words, HonutifuIIv erunraved. thus The ttjmborumboringirorian Register. The Advertiser, always eager to outdo the Register, has a most elaborate heading of ornamental letters, the words being cut up into fragments and arranged en ichilon, somewhat thus with flourishes : — « -S ?§'&,.§ & S R ! 4 S I $ « This heading is printed in red, green and blue letters, done by a separate complex process, and looks quite startling. One of the grand objects in the above seems to be to secure the word 'Tise* entire, in order to rival the London ptint of that name, and increase the circulation. One of the most singular results of the change of the national name, however, is to be found in the fierce contention which is now raging throughout the length and breadth of the colony, regarding priority of nativity ! The Tuniborumboringororian Register has been recently crammed with letters from ladies, each of whom claims that her 'baby was the first bom of Tumborumboringiroria ! These letters are signed with the most passionately ludicrous signatures. There are, in all, 123 ladies who claim that their babies are entitled to the honour ; and whilst the mothers are frantically nnd clamourouslv attesting their rights. IC7 jabier are calmly sucking their thumbs (some sf them making the wildest efforts to get their big toes into their mouths) there being 34 twins among the number. Out of this number of Lady claimants, 39 sign themselves ' An Indig nant Mother' ; 13 are signed on behalf of ' A Wronged and Outraged Baby' ; one exasper ated mother says, *' No you Don't !' — three more affix ' Not if I know it.' Quite a num ber sign 'No. 1.' Another lady attaches ' All', and two appt rr alternately as ' Prima and Primus in Tumt irumboringiroria,' with other curious signatur- 5 which would adorn an album. You may s- die, but the matter is really assuming a ven grave aspect. You per ceive that, owing to lifference of longitude, which causes a variation of from lj4to five minutes in time, about 100 of these babies (if not the whole 123) ai ; really entitled to the claim of first nativity. Parliament has taken the matter up, and a report is to be obtained from the Astronomer iioyal as regards the time on the 15th inst. The ladies are all coming to Adelaide on that day, and if the Astronomer Royal does not report each baby as being the first, it is expected there will be frightful riots, a supreme Court trial (or series of trials) and a possible appeal to the Privy Council ; so you see, my dear fellow, that a baby can be a very serious matter indeed somedmes. as thev are very interesting creatures, at all times. But this is not all I have to tell you of a serious nature. We have been on the brink of secession from the Federation, and a sanguinary war with Victoria ! On account of the gravity of the matter I have kept it till last. This is the account of the imbroglio, which I enclose, having cut it .out of the Tumborumboring irorian Register; — ' INSULT TO OUR NATIONAL HONOUR !' 