OUR PARIS LETTER. fp.oh ode own correspondent. PARIS, 14th February. Despite their own troubles and anxieties, at home and abroad, the French find room to fol low with peculiar satisfaction tho unveiling of events in the Soudan. True, there is al ways something pleasurable in the misfortunes of onr best friends, hut to indulge in unmis takable joy at the Mahdi, not defeating tho British, hut destroying Khartoum and putting so many innocent lives to the sword, does not redound much to the fellowship of civi lised natious or the common interests of Europeans and Western Christianity. Somo journals gloat with satisfaction at England re ceiving a moral check; others shed crocodile tears, but none are sorry. Such a fnss is in dulged in that one would believe tho last day of Pcrfide Albion lias arrived, and that she innst make tho tour of Europe, like Thiers in 1870, to implore somo power to savo her. The fever of this strango joy is subsiding. Tho French perceive the spectacle, not of England's fear, bntof her courugenml resolution to ' ' smash" the Mahdi, to proceed to Khartoum, to tako it, and, better still, to keep it. They see English men united as one man to uphold the prestige of their country, and avenge the massacre of Gordon— the Garibaldi of 1885. They witness no desire to expel a Ministry which, by its lamentable indecisions, lack of virility, and want of foresight, has been in a great measure the primary cause of the collapsoof tho cam paign. But they noto the readiuess of tho colonies to come to tho aid of tho mother country, and Australia's offer has a special significance when the nfcidivisto question is a point noir with the Southern Cross. They observe, with disap pointment that England will alone chastise tho hostile Soudanese, and, while highly apprecia ting the Italian allianco, will reserve it for less English work. " Let the dead past burv its dead. England has now sprung to her feet. Her Ministers will at last do their duty, tho more readiiy because thoy must obey the will of the nation'or retire. What should have been done eighteen monthsago will be done now. Suakim will have rail com munication with Berber, tlie metal way will bo run up to Khartoum, and will become the com mercial trunk lino to Central Soudan and the rampart against future risings. Of course it is assumed that England will retain Eastern Son- dan, as the tribes will only remain faithful by the prospect of her doing so, and the fear of results that must follow- from disloyalty. The enormous blunder committed was the an nouncement that England would abandon tho Soudan after rescuing Gordon, and to expect the tribes to aid tlie birds of passage, to be massacred by the Madlti when the red coats had been withdrawn. Respecting Egypt proper, the French keep up the cry that the country must be evacuated by tho English. At the same time, however, there is hut little faith that the wish will be realised. With a tight grip on Khartoum it is impossible to perceive how England can relax her hold on Lower Egypt to allow of France taking her place. M. de Lesscps asserts that England will be drained dry of men and money before she ran conquer tlie Sondan, and prides himself on his country having escaped being drawn into the vortex. But ho omits to add that he was favorable to his country aiding Arabi, and ousting the English, and" that he ordered a loch-out of the employes on the Suez Canal when the English fleet entered therein to suppress, single bended, the revolt. The canal diiliculty will be solved when John Bull is in a position to prevent a similar combination against his interests. The Ferry Cabinet is a shade less strong, as it has to meet the fierce and persistent attacks of the Radicals. Perhaps the best course for the Ministry to adopt is to keep in office rather than to execute n programme. The Sena torial elections, which really were a le?t in 42 departments cf the conservative feelings of the nation, have resulted in an overwheirmmr vote fc the Republic. But it is to the -general elections, which are likely- to come off at the close of summer, that political sects have resolved to appeal to. 1 do not think the serulen tie list will make any very great change in the returns should the elections take place. The deputies who have been elected senators, and who are chiefly supporters of tho Cabi net, arc in no hurry to resign and enter tha Senate. This means that 31. Ferry has not ubsolutc confidence in his He is a good all round Minister, and if ho be defeated ho loses his favorable chances of succeeding M. Grc'yy. His fortunes may be said to ba intimately bound up with tho success of tho Chinese war, which is now drifting into the orthodox channel. The occupation of Formosa the French admit to he a mistake. They now contemplate occupying all the strategetic points of Tonqnin loading up to the accessible entrances into China proper. Yunan and the region around Canton will probably bo the future battle ground. Admiral Conrbet will bombarit Shanghai, Canton and other ports if he can, hut how long European and American traders will consent to the destruction of their interests is one of the complications nearer than may be expected. The Anglo-Italian alliance is a great triumph for English diplomacy. It suddenly stops tho mouths of those who were boasting that England had no allies, and was, in fact, isolated. But it has done more. It hat shown up Prince Bismarck, and knocked over his combinations, which for a timo deluded public opinion. It is a reflection on the sin cerity of tiie union of tho three emperors also. France is sliding out of tho German flirtation ; it has done her a great deal of harm, by bringing nbout a union between England and Italy ; her jealousy and love of seizing territory have alienated the latter power. Every dav Franee,..will perceive the great political error she has made in this respect. Bismarck's repu tation has suffered by his reception in the Ger man Parliament, for to be hissed and hooted never befell tho most unpopular 3Iinister in the history of French parliamentary life. The Prince in his programme of snubbing England tuay yet discover he has been sowing tho wiud for Germatty. Alsace is still tho Bauqtto's ghost, and France, despite the tension in her relations with England, does not contemplate a revenge of Waterloo. She in tends to wipe out her Teuton defeat first. Tho Senate continues to vote tho clauses of tho Rc'cidivisto Bill. Tho definite shape of tho bill is still, however, somewhat in nubibxis. So far as Australians arc concerned, they have displayed groat tact in offering to aid England in the Soudan. That movement has made a profound impression here, and is an unmistakalilo hint that the mother country and her colonists do not mean to separate their common risks. Tito nomi nation of Lord Roscberv to a seat in tha Cabinet is also a sign of tho times for the French. Half tho difficulties of England would vanish had she the courage to make up her mind in time upon questions that she must pronouuee a definite decision upon. Nothing is loss probable than that France will sendher 30,000 or 60,000 habitual criminal? to tbo Southern Pacific, and to try a fall with Australia. I would suggest that Australians keep this plank in their platform more to the front, viz., that their opposition is not levelled against French rdcidivistes more than against criminals of any other nation, not eveu excepting England's. Tboro havo been some bread riots, and lat terly the first attempts to organise what are known as joumSes or " days," tho prelude of troublesome rimes. Tho authorities took time by the forelock, and had the police and military ready for all emergencies. But it is an ugly incidertall the same. The extreme journals rdicinle tho suppression, and assert the whole thing has been a comedy, organised by the Ministry on the line3 of such connived at out breaks which flourished under the Second Empire. Tho anarchists are not, happily, a numerous body, but they are terribly in earnest to work destruction if they can only obtain a " free band " for a few hours. They would put all dynamiters into the shade. There is still much suffering among the working classes, and tho employers aw any thing but to be envied. Tho glimmer of the good times coming, solong expected, is very faint indeed. Nothing proves it to bo near. Confi dence does not tako root; tho commercial situa tion is bad, and the industrial very weak in the legs. The real working man has not as yet thrown in liis voice with the anarchists. In 1848 it was tho proud boast of tho artisan class that they existed for three months out of work for tho good of tho Republic. The same cluss has to-day surpassed its predecessor in the spirit of self-sacrifice. Mr. Mackay, tho great "silver king" of Nevada, United States, has just married his st op-daughter to the Prince de Colonna, the first of patrician families in Italy. The Papal Nuncio performed tho ceremony, and allnded to theunionof two such powerful aristocracies — suc cessful labor wod to an unblemished ancestry of 1000 years existence. It was the most sumptuous wedding ever seen iu tho foreign society of Paris. Mrs, hlackay has endeared herself to Parisians by her charities. Her second hns- band, Mr. Mackay, is ouly happy when out of the capital, awav iii his mines at Nevada, and his greatest care in life is, to know what to dr with his millions. M; Sondry, who was for a rime the French commissioner at your exhibition, has again come to grief. He is awaiting his sentence for fanning the purses of the vain. He was an associate in a swindling concern, which of fered to sccnre " decorations" and " orders" foi simpletons, on their paying 5000 francs. Tc this was supplemented the obtaining of titles, the prices for which ranged front 30,000 franct upwards ; and also - exemption for the whitt livercd, for a fee of 17,000 francs, from mili' tary service. 