Sporting MemsT" Pani, the racer, goes to the stud at Cam- bridge Gall, North Australis. Some knowing money still goes on July, the N.Z. brother of Sir Haired. Kingsdale has been backed for the Hawkesbury Handicap at IO to 2. E. Sutton and À. farrell are matched at Sydney for 150 yards apia, £900 aside. Uralla is booked for seme thousands to win theMelbourne Derbyand Cop, at SO toi. Malone is once more' kt aOTatcfr->-in the Botany Handicap, and J. H. Simpson ls. the favourite. . Clifford having fallen down a flight eil stairs will never row again. It's a back not a backer he wanta now. Teenier won the New Orleans regatta from fourteen starters, which included Gaudeur, Lee, Paterson, Homier, Plaidsted, and others. M'lvor, who dislocated his collarbone at the last Flemington Steeplechase,' has had similar injuries to the same part of his anatomy four times. The Nimrods, twelve in number, on a recent trip outside Sydney Heads, decked 278 schnapper and 800 tah of other kinds. The top score was 42. ? \- The generous offer of the Hon. James White to give the services, frae, of Chester to the New Zealand Stud Company, has been accepted ; and either Wood Nymph or Elpkine will be sent over. Larry Foley has lost hil wife, a good little woman who only fell ont with him when he went to box. It ip said Larry'i marriage was a romantic affair. Tke funeral was one of the biggest seen in Sydney for a long time. An offer appears in the Melbourne SPOBTSMAN from Mr. Robert Sutton, of the Vic- torian Club, to stake £500 agafast another £500, or less if desired, that no ' shootât' in Anstrlia can kill thirty-eight pigeons ont of fity at thirty yards. The ase of both barrels will be alo wed, the charge »one and quarter ounce shot. ttr. Sutton under- takes to find the birds. A dog-fight between the imported Eng- lish brindle Jim, the property of an English noble- man, backed by Boston and Eiglish sportsmen, and a light brindle from Philadelphia, for £50, took place at a' road-house near Phladelphia. The Philadelphia dog won, killing hi antagonist after two houre' fighting. A large mount of money changed hands, the English doj having been the favourite.. Coronet WM, Joly 20, hoked for the Melbourne Cop to win about five hoasand poundi, the best offer against the son of it. Albans being now thousands to forty. Mr. Robertson's horse ÍB looking and moving splendidly, aid if he doesn't . get ms back hurt' thu time, he slould finish very mach nearer than he did in the Aistralian Cap, as with 7st. 101b. in the saddle ht ' has oertainly nothing to complain ot ' ? i , Becently, a - nomber of sporting men visited a well-known sporting.resat hear Long Island, New York, to witness a doi-ftght between Dick, a 88-pound dark brindle, the property of a Boston politician, and Stranger, a 99-poand dog, owned, in Greenpotat. .The fight vas for £10) ands and a silver collar to be wérn by tho champion. Before tbs fight «he belting was èvsn. The battle was a fieros ons, 88}min., and resolted in the death of Dick. : : Stranger 90s bally injured, having his leg broken. The rietory of Rhodenthe in the Waterloo Cap caused'mach larpriie, M, although her run- ning troughont WM fautticss, it WM thonght that, being in her fourth eeaeoa, ebe would bare ?. elowed' down. Har career ii almoet one unbroken record t of victories, as, oat of 48 coartes run already, she' has won 42. A nong her principal honours art tba Ballarat Champion Stakes, the .Waterloo Oap of 1888, the Viee-Prntiderit'i pato / a* tho Oral, ia Oapri's year, and otaar «reata. Twice a winner of the Waterloo Oap ia ao nammon acbiertsaent fora greyhound, and what adds to tao vittory in Bao danthe's cate b that har Cop wins ara separated by a gap of iwo years. Messrs. h. 0. Lawford and A. Balma, are. now owners, andsaid to 'haw netted fully £8000 by Bhodantb«'« clever perforatances. Following tm th« latest toms V.RC. >Derby-1000 to 140 Newstead, 1Q00 to 80 Dunlop. <0eullekl Oap-«OOO to MO eas* Tetoeipede aad *M>kjHZ,*)»* 100 eeoa .Cbraos BúI^aad Vinos, 6000 to US emoh Plausible tad St John. llnlboalM:Cs^4QW to 900 Coronet, 1000 to 110 each (tanswtionsad July, 1000to 22 each a^ptcgU, Mosart, and Stornawayj 5080 to 100 Proinetheua. The following are the latest qootatione for, the, Caulfield Cop:-1000 to 40 Veleeipede (off), 1000 to 20 Vision (off), 1000 to 80 each Claptrap, Wel- come Jack, Grace Darling, Lucky Hit, Blink Bonn J, Lord Wilton, Plausible, and St. John (off). V.B.C. Derby-1000 to ISO Newstead (off), 1000 to 80 fsonomy (off), 1000, to 100 each Monte Christo, Uralla, and Dunlop (off). Melbourne Cup-1000 to 60 Coronet (off), 1000 to 40 Commotion (of), 1000 to SO Jnly, St. John, and First Demon (tk, and off.), 1000 to 26 others, . -: . ;., Jem Ward, England's champion pugilist, became an admirer and purchaser of paintings, and Tom King, another English champion pugilist, is thus described : -« After the Honan affair Tom next tried his skill in sculling matchee against Frank Kilsby and other oarsmen, proving himself almost as good at sending a shell-boat through tho water as he had in sending men to grass on the turf. He married a wealthy ship-builder's daughter, and for many years has followed book-making with extraordinary good luck. Ho is one of the wealthiest non-titled betting men in England, having his coachman and footman and all hu trimmings, with an elegant: eonntry-seat, extensive conservatory, and a lue tract of land under cultivation. King is said to take most of the prises at the flower rhowa in and around London. Tom King, jrhen in the prise-ring, always had aristocratic notions, and the sporting reporters used to say that if he ever became champion of England the streets of London weald not be wide enough for him." [ Perhaps the tackiest of the winners on the Flemington Steeple day wai a Sydney book- maker, who got into Melbourne abont twelve, drove down to inn course, took six ponies about Hippo- griff, a hundred and twenty io eighty abont Reti- cent, didn't fanoy Sheet Anchor at the short odds, and laid five hundred to fonr against him, backed Wymlet for the Steeplobase, Student for the Sell- ing Hurdle, the Ghost for the last race, and left for Sydney the same evening more than a thousand pounds richer than when he crossed the border twelve hoars earlier. Not bad business this. Another case of successful punting is worth record- ing. A backer, renowned fer a propensity for 'playing bis bit up,' invested a pound on Hippo- griff for the Maiden Hardie rt 6 to 1 ; this coming off, he took 9 pounds to 6 about Reticent, staked the lot on Sheet Anohor, and felL Having then a pound left he commenced a fresh, took 7 to 1 about Wymlet for the Grand National Steeplechase, 30 to 7 abont Student for the Selling Hardie, and in- vested the lot on The Ghost at tens to 1. He went home with a clear profit of- nearly four hundred pounds. - 