"OCLIRICAL QUACKS AND COMMON SENSE RELIGION." (To the Editor of thie Standard). Sir,-In your issue of the 30th ult. I drew attention to what haslin well been called the "obscurity of thought, slnky grammar, and contradictory statements" on the part of your contributor, "Balnam," who hnasreolied thereto in your isumu of the tith inst. Now as my re. marks cant scarcely be said to bear on nlly "religious" argument, for this, on the testi mony iof no meaner nIlthmliity than " Balanm" hiimself, I hiie scrupulously avoided, or ans he more elegantly puts it, " fonked," I trust .[ do not comel under the lhall of yolur foota.ot.e to the letter of " Eccletfeliini," and therefore have to nas that you will kindly permit nmo to expose further conllttradictinlo, ote., in " Blale ii'" re ply. II li dlfence hIalr its crndloenatin l and conmplete refutatii, onil its own flace; ld as for his abuitre, I Oiit conitentt to leave it to the judg melnt and intelligeice of your renders, who know that abuse is not nrgiioulent, and in there. fore to be discounted accordingly. " Balnanl" asks rne-" 1How is it that you allow to pass unchallenged lmy statement that science is up. setting many of the old traditionary views of the church ? What about sectarianisom and con grec?atimnaliom ? Argiulent il every rshapme and form you have funked." Why, goodl "lialmain," hecause I knwtlr what you say that you also know. when you a little later on write thus-"I aii awmre, AMr. Editor, that a religious cmntrs. veriy in a paper suchl as yours in altogether out of plnee." Leot me ask " Ialanl" if he was eware of thi s when he wrto his series (sic) of lalrs n on "ecclesiastical ouljects," to wit, " CConlon Sese Religion." 'There can Ioe only two answers to tnhis question; either he was aware or lie was not. If lie was awaro of it, why did he commnence i religious contoversy ? a ln he planily and openly aclnowledges that lie anlticilpated oneo by writing such anl article. If hIe was not aware of it, thou hie has either told an untruth in saying that lie was aware of it now, or hle less lately (since 23rd January, 885), beenono aware of it. In this case I rejoice to find that " Lalisam" is growing wiser, and that indirectly I have been the huimble mieans of his sudden acquisition of some little knowledge, he it ever sou small. And no hu has dropped re ligious matters and turned his attention to ' womllan, rlovely wvomal," I anl inclined to be liovo that lie is comling? to It klnowledlge of him self, and that we shall soon see him "clotlhed and in his ri1ght mrind." I cannot express my Ihumble opinuoln of ihis asralled argttnmunts in butter langulge thlnn that which [Shakspleare puts in thenmouth of Bottom time Weaver, when Ihu describes his dream thus a-I have had a dreanm-pst tile wit of mlan to say what drurnm it was ; manl is bIlt anll ss, if lhe 'o about to ix. pound this dream. Methought I was-there in ln main canl tell whsat. Metlhought I hlad- bilt manu is but a patched fool if le will offer to say what mlethoughlt 1 had. The eyo of mian hlsthl not hlard, tihe tear of mlan liath not seeno, man'sn haln in not Ohio I to taste, his tonige to conceiveo, nor hi heart, to report, wlhat may dreatim was. I will get Peter Quince to write a ballad of this dream ; it' , Ill he called Bottom's Drenm, eo cause it hmath no bottom. But further, Mr. Editor, as I cannot mIake two other quotations fr-om his letter coincide, I will just give theim in juxtaposition andI leave tilhem to the criticism of your r'':rdlerii. No. 1 reads, ".1 Cnlllinot but pity the fellowi, lihe in vidently co intensely angry and il.)r. that I Isl aiy a good rtoundl oath woihr hlave relieved him.' No. 2, " ''It is si nrmugly self- atilid, so inflated, etc." In to?aely ngry yet smnugly ,elf-atiilled. Hlow ,hall we lied linii conord of this discordl. And e"le'nrimt'il" faetis let Hr us look t theinl. Jatnary '23rd- "' th ;llel, llnd of rel ' lll :atr ch'1 r lirch oere; hll, Ildred ofi duly lijre!t?ed clergylmen." 'hbruiry itlh---" A i:ret of the regular chrchigorrs witl r.hlt 1 an intimately acquaintedlt ?ever cer r lllln, thrlll of whom Irn L unorthodlx." II ow arc II a il milrty fallhe , frTl nunmh edsrl to tlhree. It hal heel ?aid that tlhey who do mnt adih,'er to the trutLh hi nuld have good mnirOrieo; igo, cultivatr thine, grordI "]?taltmin." A?lgtin. " Jllrranrt" tell, s I?that ho in ai seeptic, and would semi to infer frim lhii writing that it he in amnioing tlh.nuimbel r ,of those who Ihave sLaid in tlhl?ir learts " There is no (iod; i" and who deny tlea oxistenle of the devil. Y'et we find him calling on this God to deliver him; and a hybrid woman, Iho tolls us in another column, is of the devil, devilish. Is there any consistency hero? He also writes-"I have neither time, ink, or palpr to waste on such small vaT let them ?aMn.." Fancy a fish braying. How sweetly true to nature I how exquisitely touching[ how full of genuine patheos so full indeed, that as I read it made mine eyes water: but more merry tears, the passion. df loud laughter never shed. Picture to, yourself "Balsam," seated in the dim, religious light of his study, his poetie brows wreathed in the voluminous folds of a wet napkin, with his eye, like the {oeot's, in a fine frenzy rolling, in the' throes of being delivered of such a metashor as this, an illustrious offspring of its still more illustrious parent. "I3alaam" claims to be as exposer of humbugs, a detector of shanms; nor' is his claim unfounded, for his letter ies roe vealed to us his true charcter, " Balanu"tl' unveiled. And now, dlstpiti his lionlike roar. ings and thrents of ansihilation to thase whwv differ from him, we know that boenath the lion's hide lurks a very dilferent aninmal The last scene of ill tlhat ends this strange eventful' letter, is the spectacle of "Balanmim" retiring gracefully to wash his hands. lie lihas great need, for lie has thrown sn much mud that he' needs a good wash. Wash not only thine hands, but thy mouth and thy heart also, foed "hualeam." Ease it of somet of that perilous stuff, that bitter clhagrin that curdles there, and endeavor for the future to be truthful and con. aiutent. Then shall you no longer chow the cud of bitter reflection ; the pangs of mortifiued conceit shall no longer "liko n worm i' the' bud, feed on thy dlnamask cheek;" and the' plain, Ihonest truth shadl no longer, like ar sheeted ghost, rise up to confound thee fromi the pen of your much ausied L?AY PI;.EZ?AC EII. 