Sftetcber, Spring-Heeled Jack. . . '. From All The Year Bound.) ' Ii ia now nearly hslf A century mneo tho in habitants oi London andits suburbs worokspt 1 in a constant stnto "of terror by 'A . man, who, " nndcr various disgnises, .would suddenly np'- rpoar before the nnsaspeotmg poacemnn, sna, ' niter having 'nearly frightened tho traveller ' out of bia or her "senses, .would ad. suddenly disappear with' terribls .bounds, _ leaving the' : imprceslbu npon his .affrighted viotiin that his , ; Hntanio MajeBty had condcoeendodtopay him a viett'iii person- Eyehingwas.thp timo gone- rally. chosen, by this 'eccentric character for . biB exploits; and; doubtleis; thcra nro'many : living who can recollcot tho pang of fear.whioh' ohot through their hearts when, leaping from' . aomo dark comer, bnt of adoor-way, :or ovora : : hedge, ho stood hefor'o' you: '.' '-.id' Wlio'tbis singular being wes, or whnt woa \- the trno object of his escapades, can only bo lolt to conieotoo, bb he wsa hovor captured ; v 'certain it, is, that robbery waafiot the motivo, for ho was novor known to.tako A singlo coin' : from hio viotime, oven when fright hadlren- . dcied them' on oasy':prcy;.'npr; did hb. often. . .. praotioo guy other dpgroo of prneity boyond sauingitlicm, whiob, hbwovbr; wasquitbsnlli: m<mt, As'm soma jnstancoq tho sufferers AbvoA thoroughly ' recovered, the shook , to , their ..OniJWM- . iy : : Tho only' curmisa an to hia. identify: that woo oyer hazarded, was .that ho, was tho ; Hor- . quia of .Waterford— then famous as u ring loadcrin nUtliatEavouredpffunnndfrolia— hut nbtA Ahndaw of proof conld', bo! Oybr ' sd- diiced in support of this theory. ' Tho more genernl belief appears. tolhavo oeon tljat there \- wcro sovoral pcreons concorned ia tho' agair ; that thoy wcro morabera of high f amilies, and that tho cauceotv.their: pranks was'A hat tlirco thoueand pbnhda that thoy;' would pro-i oiire tho. death , of not ibbe'tha'n thirty human ' boings.' nnpbrtibning themv/ithnicodoebrimi-' . nation ns follows :--Eight old -bachelors,' ten. \- old maide, and six lady's maids, andhs many. . r 'Jrvsnt-gitbi as tbsy could, trusting that by depriving them pi their reason thoy v/oiildao- colcmto their deaths. , This io; of oonrso,'in- crcdibio, hut tho, chief clerk, of tho Mansion Houuo tiolico-kourt, in.a. letter to tha nawo- pspera,reaid it was no' reported to h committee ... that'waa foripcd bj tho Lord .Mayor for., tho purpono ' of ' tr'aoking . and . proscouting, tho . scoundrels, 1 It is difficult to D3aign tho exact looality . wbioli gave birth to this extraordinary freak, cither sidb of the . Thames claiming .tho dis- (inctipn ; sbeaa averring that it wan at Ham- moramitb; othera Again that it was Darncs. . The most trustworthy, accounts gtvo tho palm ... to tha totter viitog6.vV ' . It waa in the latter end of T83 7 , at . BarncS, r . that tiro ghost made its first' appearance' in ,tlio shapo oi n'lnrgo whito ball, nttaakiog cove-' , ral pereons, moro' particularly women, many of. wham uuiTcrcd most severely from. the fright. AtEastBhcen, in the form of awhile hear, tho alleged spirit carried on similar gam: hole. ' His ghoetship then extended Ills opbra- . tions to the town renowned for " maids of honour," and ir,: the course of a few days all Kichmoml wae nghaet at tho teles of women being frightened to death and of children .be- . lug toin lb pieces by-bim;..' l'hb 'sbarob' After , tbo unearthly Yisitnut vinii hero becoming too viirm for him,' and ho chiitod tho eeene of hia .tobonro to Horn, IGogSton, and Hampton, at: which totter plnco bo wan scon, clod in armour, bf brons, with spring shoes, and torga olaw-, llljo gloveo, but being hotly pursued bo soiilcd thb'walla of Bushhy Park andyaniohock.Ted- dlhgtoil, Twiokcnham, and Hounolow, all had stories to, toll of bis.appearaneo, And iu 1 Bion Park, the seat of tha D|iko of Northumberland, many and foariul were tho'Iujuriee said, to have boon inflicted by. him: "At Isisworth a est ponter was soizod at eves o'eloelc at night, and moot nnmcroilnlly beatsn.by tho ghoet, who was attired lu'polishcd steel armour, with red shoos, etoi It must bo noted what an bx- ccodlooly varied wardrobe this, sprite must have bed; lenderibg it very diuleuU, one tvomd'tbtok;. for him 'tB'mo'Ts; 'tritB'AAoh' extsnsivo'prererUes, with atoorily from place tonlaco..; .. ', ' . Tho neighbourhood ; of Uxbridgo' was tho next scone of his pranks,:and ho approached the metropolis throngh Hanvrcdl, Brentford, and Ealtog,' in iwhioli last plcica bo was, (Sen in stool armonr, etrihlng toriror into the in- matcs of .the vorinna aohools lbsated there, and frightening the blaokomith of ; tho viBage eo completely as to foroo him to . keep bis bed in consoquonco: of .the .shook bo snstsined. At Hammersmith bo foun'd a dotcrmlncd op- Aoneht in.tho bhspo of a laundress, to whom' ho appeared .in tho ' form of an immense baboon; six foot high, with enormous oyes, And arms of an oxtonsiro length ; and in strict, kcqiing with his animal appearance, ' ho granted, libaan. hyena.' This coarsgooha women, after on inenootnal attompt tcr avoid her onoanDy visitor, determined Io give him battle, ondfiow at bim with euob fary that ha . was glad to!givo np: tho' contest: Even, tha royal 'prooinota' 'ot:.iriiaiin«en''''P«toee did not Asoapo from his vieitS, ohildron hav ing scon1 the Anearthly being 'donoinjf by mooniignt ontnok'aiaco ureen, ana ever ana anon sealing tbo trails of tha OOyal loioing- hcutts. ' ' , . v ; . In conecqdenoo of tbo panla Athmding those exaggerated stories, tho police had strict orders to investigate their truth, bat were un able, in tbo. majority of eases/: to trace' any person who had really seen tho apparition. That thoro was mischief afoot/ however, was oletrly shown by thoapplieationeit the Man-' sion House and other pobeeetmriSffor'proteo- . At Peokhom be caused the greatest alarm (judging by a lottctr to tho . Lord 'Mayor, from a resident there), Appearing in B now ohsraotor, as a spectre, ' and scaring out' of her senses, amongst1 others, an linfortansta eervant girl who opened a door to bim: and the writer also said that seven todies had been reduced to the same nnhappytststa through fright at tho awful apparition. .'Letters poured Into lho Mansion House from all parts of London, showing how universal' was tho terror wlilob had been inspired , by this masquerading miscreant. . Sovoral, porsona, most especially women, were injarca bodily in . many instances by the claws with which ho! appears to |bava armed his hands, And ii ono writer may bo believed, several deaths OA tha south side of London had been caused by the shOok his appearance bad given: ' A letter from St. John's Wood slated that for' a whoio fortnight that neighbourhood had been favoured with Spring.hestod Jack's attentions; ho sometimes appearing as a bear, and eomo- timca clad in mail. Thto"!eorrespondehb assorted that tha heL which'' was shnnssed'tO be' tha eauso oi. these , pranks, was thai tho monster should km six women in some'given timo.. ' . '' ' That hia appearance wis calculated to : up set oven tho stoatint-hcartcd must bo ad mitted, for tha Lord Mayor himself, " though muoh inclined to be seoptical, acknowledged' that ho bed been' given to understand, on un, doubted authority/ that in tho vidnlty ol Forest Hill, whara ' ho residod, ono' ot tha fomolo sorvonts of n, gentleman who Uved near his honca had been terrified into fits-hy the sndden appearance of a figure clad in a bear's ckin, which, upon bring drawn Aside, exhibited', the human body/ Vrith long horns emblematical ot Satan himself— otod in A suit of mail. '' x.'.!' ; ;'v.'.! : The ' gtiost " ' iiid cot disdain to avail him self of material moans of eonvtsnce oeoa- Bionally, as Is shown ,< by. a letter to , tho. rlfoming' Hitrsld, Jtmu'aty lfiih,! 1888/ ifom "A Itesldcut on Paddington Green," . wfe>, stated 1 that ha had .seen, .Olosa'fA hia honac, rt figure dad in white, 'cloBOly pnnned.by two/ mpn/.nnd; After aamari'ehaso,stbto mattcr- of-' toot apparition jumpcd into n cahriolot/ iuid, was. /driven out Zof the'r'caoh of fiiii would-ho captoro. ' A obmmittce :wos/ formed at ibo 'Mansion HOnse in ! January, .1838, tor the purpose., of receiving suhscriptiOns,. and to ! decide' .upon the best means of capturing this nucasy spirit,' and of visiting it withtho piiniBh'mont .whiflh it no riohlydcsorved. . ! ; ,;: In sanding a donation ol hvo poabik lo the (and, a gentleman residing at Dalivioh wrote' that , Us daughter was.: Iying. .is U;. very dangerous state,! having . boon., nearly, deprived of- her senses' by tho audden 00010000' of a fignro' enyolopcd in o white sheet and blue firO; whioh had mot her on her return; ItemO from A! hiond'a.honso ; others' cqtisliy-.tcstificd to. injuries roerivod at ths hands ot tiio hobgoblin. A. roWord' of 'ten . pounds wan ofiored' for tfio npprehoniion Af thohcartlccscopnndrel. bnt upbappily it com- nletfifv toOfid In iln nhirrtt. nng the nnrtinl-i. tor oftihs gho'st; " joke . "con tihuodto ho'At toigc. , Thinking;, porhops, that: he had dono no much harm as ho dashed in tHo othcr parte of London',; for A whoio month Spring-bcclcd Jaok dovbted himself to diaturbisgiho1 poaos of mind of the dwellera in 1 tho:, East hnd . of ths metropolis, tho : neighborhObd- of : Bow being; partiopiariy patroniaed; by him. ; Oils gross, outrage osmo.' hoforb.ithp polioa-magi- atrato at Lamboth-9treati,,and.:eansed> ooq-, ridcrabto attention. , .5 . tV. . ' "'A young tody/ named Alebp, ihviog. vrith her parents in 'tbo. virinity. of Bow, statod that. at about a quarter to nina o'clook on the 'evening, ol February. ' 21, 1838/ilfii'e hoard's A; violent ringing at tho front gato st'ths'hbaM,V aiid ongoing to. the door to-sSs what wAe thO oaueo,';ue .saw A mim istandingi outsider.: of - /whom eho-onquirod: Whai wia tha matter.: The person inetkntly replied that .ho woa a . policomeip, And said For God's sake bring, me a light/for wo havO caught ; Spring-heeled Jeok bore in t the lane.1': .' Bho isturno'd into, thohouso, and. brought. n'Aandlb oudihandod it to . the man, who waa cnvcloped in. n large bloak/ The inetantshb had done so, howover,. ho throw off his outer garment/ And applying: tho lighted cbndlo to .hia breaat, presented a . meet hideous : and ' frightiul appearance, and- !vOmitcd forth: a quantity oi hluo'And/'whito flamo < bam lilB'mouth. hto oyoe rocombling . red balls of fire. From. tbo liaety glanco , which her fright enabled hot to got nt hlS' person, she observed that ho were a torgn hcl- met/nnd hie drees, which appeared toffit him very tight,1 seemed to her to rcsbmhle whito, oit-ekin. . Without uttering, a.-sentoncs ;hb darted at her, and catohing her partly by hot dress,, and tho back part of her ncok/ placed her bead- under ona ot his arms, andioom- mohced tearing her olothes with hto'OIawa, which eho :v/cs certain wcro miido of camo motaliia oubstanco.' hho .coreained. oufc ns :loud as oho bould-for';nc3iofanco,' Ond by. considoroblo oxcrtion got' away, bom him, bud . ran- towardo-.tha ' house;, to "igot'. in.. Her aesailnut, however, followed; and Caught: horon tho dooretop, whoa hmagain need, con- eidbrablo. Violenoo,,toro. her nook. 'nod acme with hie claws, as well -As a quantity of. hstr bom her hood) hut cha was At length rescued from him by .oho of ! hor sisters; . Her story was fully corroborate! -by her'paicnts cnd Aletcro, and her in juvies, whloh.wero vory.con; aidcrnblo/boreunmistaiablnltcstlmony to tho truth of tho oesanlt.:' .. v '. V! ..; ; ; Subsequently fa Bow Fair Fields Jack nar rowly, c'seaped capture by eomo workmen, and it was only by his oxiremo agility, and inti- innto knowledge of tho locality that ho' got olcqr oft. Two men' were orrcatcd as being, concerned in thin 'Affair— oho a maotcr- bricklnycr, nhd tho othor A carpcntcfji but after A very long and searching investigation at LainfcethAtreet police-court, thoy wore dial charged, no 'they Were '-'not': folly Identified .afll being' tho: Aotilal .perpetrators, though, it was/ ccrtain'they knew eomotUing'moraAbbuttho matter than they ch?so to cclcnowlcdgo, i | Another camplo of tha ghost's plnyfal wAys in tho East End of London, was shown by a etntsmoni made boforo the magistrate at Lamboth-sbcot poiioo-eonrt, March 8, 1838, by a Miss' Scales, who deposed that as she and her sister wore -waltabg in Limehoneo ohont haif.past eight In-.tneioyehirig, on ooming' to Green Dragon Alloy thoy; Obaorviid some porson otanding in sn atglo in. ths pa's,. ..eago.'.;:Shs was in sdvsncs'Ot heraisterAt the thno.And jsst as eho eAme up to the person/ 'who, was onvnlspcd ina large oleak,ho epirted B- qaantity of wuo fismo right in her toee, whioh deprived her eS hef ;aiaht; "End ,:so alarmed her, thot Ahrflostantly idropped .to; the. ground and win coieod with violont flta, Vhioh'canlihued'fbr'eevoral hohre.': 'TbisIU- dividaal was .. described : as .tall, thin, and of genittonianly appesraooo, and carried in bont of him o small tomp, oiinilar to those need by thoTpohoe j.ho.did.nOt.uttor a word, nor did ha Attempt fo toy hands ontho youngwomnn, bnt'wfficdnwayin on instant.; .. het.qaodning hiinself to tbo crowded puis of tho metropolis, ha mads tho suburbs his huflting-gfound, nnd tarroriacd. both aldeo of ihcjTkames to. suoh An 'txten.ti that but :fow. fcrealssyr'ould venture, out after dark without onfflolont; escort.,;, ,Ho visittd Blaokhcath ina truly novel and marvellous 'manner. Thrco ladjos . were crossing tha hoathVat about six o'clock, whonlhsysuddcnlycamo nponamon- strqus figure before them, and &o; tbo lamps had been lit somo. timo", thoy had Agosd viow of it. . .Tho imonstar; thoy! said/ . had A phoip Ehdrio' lostro, showed trcinondoos long oars, orna and. tail liko. thoso of a bullook. Ono of tho, todies toll down in a'fit, and tho other .two had resort to that potent weapon in tho femalo armoury, / ,a ; tood. scream, which promptly brough t a policeman to thoir osais- , too bo, and ! on his bold odvsnco tho apparition :tbrow. lMeiroTor.1 nu noao. .and .disappeared an,tho heath, during whioh gymnast io! per-: (ormanco, it was said, the hoowi, or springs,, on his bsels were distinofty vtoiblo. : In a pamphlet, pnblisbed at the timo, wa haVo preserved to As a, portrait , of ths ' " ghost/' . osho Appeared in this inetaqco, and tho representation even, muoh less tbo reality, to quite' enough to . uptot. tho nerves' of any ordinary-mlndcd person, . Ho-to depicted 03' olsa in all Tha orthodox dctailsoto eatnnlo : outfit, horns, .tails, pto., with toarfnl. claws on 'both hands find fcot, tho lattor. additionally, armed with largo hooks, attached to tho hcols,', whilst his. countenance puts any medlravfii oorjeoption of tbi Evil Ono qui to to tho blasb. Kb: wondor, then, the ladies aro shown as; suffering on , extremity of terror, with, their mchtha extended , to tlislr. utmost . capacity, prCsnmahly.oereamlng, !' ;, In another tract thoro to a slmitor'portrait ot this, man-fiend, its horrors bring heightened by being highly, colored, and thoro ho is repre sented. as. appearing in a churchyard to two women. .. - ' In a third booklet ho appears as in half- anhour, with helmet, eto., his nether Kmba bring otod in a epcetos of fox-hnnting cos- tnCoc, a huge cloak adorning his back. . Having alarmed (ho dwellers on the south side of too Thames, 00 as nearly to dopriva them ofithcir ecnecs, ha again eroBscd tho water, and appeared to a party of pcoplonesr Hollowoy in tho gntoo ot a boar. Hero, how- over, ho mot with a. reception ho hardly eon-, temptotcd, for thcrq bring a briokfirid handy, tha man sfif thu'tm tt» tvtm a bivawaw of 'bricks, a modoof treatment, whioh ho by namoahsreliohcd, and whioh Induced him to boataspoefly retreat, v, . Ono evening, near. Lord Holland's .goto at- Kensington, a> gaunt fignro accoutred liko (Don Qaixate, and ooverod with spikes, was seen - striding along tho road, and, after' staring- in tho faces ot. come' labouring men,' disappeared in an - Instant. . 1 . These men; it is said, went- into a bcor-ahop in tha virinity;" and them relating what . thoy had .soon, thoy again wont to the piaco Where tha figare had appeared, la expeotation pf jits return:- Howover, they did not moot it, but thoy saw animocuth monstor, having ths shape of fin. onormcuo tabcoh;: playing its. Antiea befleath rsomo. trees whioh overhung the road. Aa tbay.appresohod tbo oreataro sprang up. on tho hranohes and dieappeorcd,' Spring-heeled Jqeb, of course, ' bring credited with this mysterious oeeorronccr . ... ; ; : . f: - : : i V ' ' . Keqknnywst favored with' an extraordinary vision of thio' mfiny,shAped intruder! on : tha" public pease,- for ho appeared, so the story" runs; intbo ehopoof.A. hmp-lightor' walking dn hto hepd;. and hands; and: : earning - hto; Iaddo'r bctweon' his; toot, to whloh'.was Aue- pohdod a lantern' ! of : large dimensions,' amply lighted: ' !AAd this ourlbns!ofeatuie',"on' Bring .Appreaohcd/sotAArsa'ulted Ac, high ' that' those who.' saw1 it wore' utterly astenished. 'Bat thls/.sursly/'is .'rathor.. more than ; avon ' tlie most' AreddlouA; '.ought' ' to1 1 ! be.' expestod : 1 to swallowiAnd tha story mnslhava boon maun' fsetured to -1061 the public ; .testa for; tho marvellsusi f;';',.. ' ' : Anothor glitopio . Of htoA ! was had on. tho rosd-to 'Woolwieli. whcn a bluo flamo issuod from bie iqoutbi And a girl who witnoseod it telf .lAto'fits,: ' Hifi.dreM/ on' this ooeAriqn is deeorihed'ia'fltofAfifi'oAtloman/ "with, tho, Aamowhsf 'atArtlibg' addition', of 'wyrids strip: of scarlet dawn; "ia Afiek Of . hia coat.' ' Being! pursued, 'bo sprang ovra.'tho.toncea As nhsal, and,- was'out. of. sight in-.an/mitAAti.': 'Still llhgoring lnKont; hAwfis found, th'o foilowing night Ot Dortford, ./where ho woSf.olad1 in a. bcnr-skjn,Aud AmnBed himsclf with tho mie- ehiovouA' triok', of . putting out , tho" town ina c'n'dileaving tba EtrcQta in i'darkncps. The ubiqufty olthofellowwna'notncthingiyonder- f ul, : find tended/ of ooures',' very maoh .to. on- banco hiafinno-. no ooonor.wao'ho hcardof in jKsnt' thfinhc. turnod! upj,fit..Hatnpstesd: Hcsth'/Anging /over ' tho! furzA.buahcs.uAd' sAmorsattlttog over the gravri;pita. .! , V". -/ '! So numerona woro' tho tales tqld.of Bpring- hcoled: Jack that n -good many must .be Aup- posed to;ba trne Whilst, on tho othor hand, great fihowanco -must ,bo/mado for oiodulity, some pcoplenotboing. content. with, tho mar.. vcUous.aBithay find.iti .hutjboingi-only tec happy to add '.thofetq/ : Aa-a hnal.SEeoimra of fno nonsense oirenlatcd about hja fippcsrT fi'neo,ipsrhaps. tho follqwingto fihqat ,-fbq. best : A, wondorini.sight, .it;wqa said, was witnojsed onjPrirnroso Hill ono .q'voniug. On theanmmit fippcarsd a hngaifigarp of. a nioo, in afiamo of polo hlaa ; it thon fissnmcd tha bulk of a massive filophant, then ot ;a windmill, in fall bpiraticn/pnd 'lastly, !inilosaonlngiits.dimon-, Afopc. it-bccamo n ..largo ball of enow, which- rolled: down .tbo . hill, , and Acoapcd s'Arthcr. Aoiico.' . What Sprlnghoolcd Jack had to/do with, this, dresdml 'appoaronooi to:not at all .oleap, hat,it.wao;ottt(bu,tcd;,,to..hi.cq','ncvpttho-: lc54,,sqchwns.tho held, that ho had, ohtalnqd.. ovdr.tho pnblio.mind, ; ... ... ; Whothor too-much attchtiop was beginning to bo paid to him with a viow- to his capture, or whether hio lovo of mischief bed died, out, cannot ho told, but eortsin'it was that noth ing was known publioly oi thin ningulcr being. niter April, 1838, having tcpt liondon in r. torment ofesoitcment. and terror .lor about oix' months,..-. V Tlio foregoing era only f. low of tho stories, vore.oiouc or 'otherwise, that wcro rolstod of him/uiiaci not permitting any mora detailed account to fcogiven.': ' " Tho notoriety tk'.i follow had obtained scoinc to havo had tho effect oi nicking many .silly young raon emulous to snoot tho .rnffian. in a'AmttU way, oCncidcring.it' the hcight oi cloybinoes to frighten wCmcn and ebildrcnout of tholr '.wits,' i under' tho belief: that Bpring- hcqlcd'iJack V/Cs . Attacking them.. . Many, cowardly acsanlis on v.'oii.cn vrcio reported in 'varionc parts of tho metropolis, under the. im- prcAsiofi; donbtlcas, thnt it was all o .".lark;" but itwao'a. joko tlio vietimo hardly appro- dated,. as/should llioy ccrcam qnt in their terror, Uicir unmanly Acsaili;utr, did not kcri- tatc : to siriko thom with .'their nets in «ho moth, in order to silence tlrea. ;. . ;. . Ono 0!. thr.ee imitation ! -£ J;.cl:, a young footman, who had kopt tho inhabitants of Kilbnrn in conoiderahia alarm by csllying out upon them disguised no r, ghost, in-n vvhita: 'sheet aud hidcouomr.sk; fiorii r/hiqh doprndal a long beard, wEo cr.pturad aud lined J/.!, which Aconia . lmrdly an ndequato tcntonca for! tlio Affonoo, seeing' how echiom .tlieuo gentry gavo justico a clianco. of punishing thom.".:.' ' ' . ''In a satirioal paper, tho "'Ago," of lanroh 11, 1833, to fonnd'a rcripo for tho euro of "opring-hcols " in " Jaoka." , "Talto 0! peas, poppor, salt, and gunpow der tin equal nmount. Fiat mixtnro in blun- dc.abucii without ncfpplo." , Moko Applica tion in tho region oi tlio 'Ca cocygis,' and lot fly. ; Wo are bsppy in hdring tba best opinion 'jihat no' person wffliotcd A'ithVSpring.hcslcd' JaokiantV can i withstand", the- effects of this ticstmcat of hlo acrvons system."- : : Undoubtediy, if this preiarimiAn had boon followed cxtcnsivoly in'lts'cntfroty by tho in habitants of London, tboro would not' liavo hcon.muph mora heard of tho prankc of ;thoco ;oowa'rdly foUowS'/ whCco only redeeming piint was'thatXlioy riistaincd from plondoring thoso Will, liad -blicn weak criobgh to' bC'frighttfnCd' by tholr nppcaranca. . . . 