THE BRITISH AGRICULTURAL PROSPECT. IS connection with the opening of the Cattle Show, the Tim a thus discusses .the general agricultural situation:-"In the meanwhile farmers are quitting their holdings, laudlords arc abating their rents, the ghost of protection is beginning to walk abroad in the specious guise of Fair Trade, and all over the country men are anxiously asking themselves whether ¡ the prosperous days of English agriculture are I ever likely to return. To this pertinent, and, indeed, vital question, Mr. James Howard attempts to give an answer in thc paper read by him yesterday at the Farmers' Club. His answer is simple, bat it can hardly be called encouraging. If, owing to the development of transport and the consequent competition of landB more favourably situated tuan our own for the production of the agricultural commodities we require, the price of such commodities is permanently re- duced, it is inevitable, says Mr. Howard, that rents in this country should fall. .Such a conclusion, however unwelcome, is no doubt irrefragable if only the premises be granted. But the reasoning is, perhaps, of somewhat too abstract a character. If all other things and conditions remain un- changed, while the price of the commodities produced continues to fall, owing to competi- tion, or to any other cause, it is almost self evident that, as tbe total amount of profit realised is rx hypot&r;ñ diminished, either the laliourer must be content with a lower wage, the farmer with a smaller return for his capital invested, or the landlord with a diminished rent for his land. If the matter is reduced to this simple issue, it seems practically certain that tue landlord's profit, in other words the rent, is that which will first feel the pinch." The Warwickshire Chamber of Agricul- ture, at its annual meeting of Saturday held at thc Shire Hall, Warwick, specially dis- cussed the subject of thc long continued de Srcssion in agriculture, trade, and commerce. lr. Arthur Hodgson, C.M.G., moved a reso- lution pressing for a Government inquiry, hy lloyul Commission or otherwise, into thc whole question. He asked whether the old plea of bad seasons explained the existing depression, and as with en abundant harvest prices were unremunerative, he advocated a> slight import duty upon foreign flour, which would benefit agriculturists and the large milling interest without perceptibly increas- ing thc price to consumers. Mr. Everitt seconded tile motion, but Mr. Moore, au old estate agent, said : Boyal Commission would be abortive, and Mr. Trepnlin, the largest tenant farmer in Warwickshire, argued that the present dcpressedBtateof things was the result of over-production. America was now beginning to suffer, wheat being sold in the far west at prices which did not remunerate the grower, and prairie land was being relaid down. The remedy was to wait ; the ^question was cqjuld they wait long enough.., The resolution Vas adopted with two dissentients, one of whom was Lord Leigh, Lord Lieutenant of the county. 