A Strange Umbrella. A most laughable scene was witnessed at a suburbin hotel one evening last week; A travelling nam namedSinith was the caus. of it all. Smith. has a new-fashioned um brella,-which is the result of the study of some genius. The ribs of the umbrella have joints in the centre, so that ualess the um-n brella .isepread it looks the?worst wreck of an umbrellj in the world. The cloth lops all around the handle, ribs.that look as though they were .broken stick in every direction, thee:umbrella ii'half·irong side:out, any one whboi shold .ee it in its demoralised state would not believe that by a simple turn of the wrist-the umbrella could be' spread to perfection, and look like anew umbrella right out of thae.shp. Any man who abould cry that umbrella along the street ander hisarm would at- once get the.reputation of being drunk, thobgh her'might be a temperance apostle, a prohibitionist, or a preacher. The umbrella has-a drunk look when in repose., Smith was showing his umbrella to some friends,:and 'all. had a laugh overit, when somebody suggested' that- they go to. the hotel and fool the' clerks and guests into the belief that -niithi was' drank, solely on the stren th of the umbrella. It was agreed that Smilh should let them doanything with him that was-suggested. He wanssimply to -put his hat on the hack of his head, muss his -hair up, and let the umbrella and his friends do therest.' He was not tostagger, or show any evidenoe of drunkenness, except.toinsist -hat:.heididnot want to go:to bed yet. :'So .they went into the-;pfllce; and Smith; with. -the smbrella undeorhie arm;nt.igingliitlesaly dawitobisknees, teased againsttheeounter, his elbow oawthbmardble,.and. hi chin onrhis hand: .:-he: host looed' at -him; and at the amL-elai. - If there ever -wasn a drunken man, the host thought, Samith was,- He turned to .one of Smith's frieuds andlaid, " Yourdriend is ipretty fall.'! ,The -friend said he was trying to get Snithito go to bed, so the- hosts?id to Smith r ''?dn't vesobetter go to bed ' - Smith raied ?-hi bead, pulled theambrellaaround ad laid.it on the ounter, sad. sd it;-was only eight .o'clock, add he: didn't want to go to bed. The: host looked at Smith an the umbtella,.which was collapsed all over the counter, .aid thought it was the emildest case he had seeb. People gathered around and looked at the uobrella and Smith, and thought he'must have been-out in a cycloni of beer.: One of the friends aked the clerk tocall a "boots " and put Smith-to bed. The bell was rang, and Je, the boot," was.instructed tosho aiMt »yL« had l;dealt (ntht a good nminy anch gdubti bi'hin tite, l and he took Smith by the arm and told.him he had better come along quietly to bed, and he would feel better in the morning. Smith said he felt well enough, and did not want to go to bed, bt Joe took hold ,.f his arm, and at a nod from the clerk he urged Smith along towards the staircase, the nmbrella hanging all over, the ribs sticking against Joe, catching on -'the staircMe and running into the passer-by's coat. Smith sat down on the stairs, put the point of the ambrella on the floor, whfn.it. turned wrong side outiautA when they4a -rived at Stfitba'flobr her dragged the nu hrella out by tho.haiudle. hmtl-started off in as opposite directionifrom his room, and Joeecaught him, and led him the other way, Smith all the time saying he did nit want to go to bed. he had an'egagement to meet a man at:8;30, and it was an:outrage to be dragged off to bed in a'fist-claas hotel so early inthe evening. Joetried to soothe him,. and finally got him in: his room, and Smith laid the umbrella on his bed and was going to sit down on It,.when Joe grabbed it out from tinder him .told him tne unm brelli wai demoralised enough without being sat on, and he beg-n to pull olf Smith's IoIts. saying, ,"Now, undres! yourself and I will soon have you in bed an you. cxn sleep till- morning." Smith begged as a. special favor that Joe would go away-aod leave him._ ,He. aid he could undress hiim jeliey enough.:-; a f fialy.Jos43 -.iotntt anl: left him; Joe went- down the stairsi a.d7s Smith went-oat of ,ii:rOom oad walkre doen thebaclt.wsay and wasatandingin the otfice with the.. umbrella under his arm, talking with 1ibi friends, apparently., just as drunk an ever, .when Joe appeared. Joe looked at Smith as though he.was a ghost, and walked around him twice before he spoke, and then he walked up to Smith Sand said, "I thought I just putyouto bed "' I Smith looked at Joe in utonishment, and ! aid, " theIg paOtn,; air. but I believe I have never met you before." Joe looked agin at-the umbrella, and at Smith;,and then ih went up stairs to the room to see i Smith va there; Smith- hrried up the back way. and got into the room, and.,plled' o kiacot, and was juat trying to get his bdots ,.when Joe rspped, ondwa told to come in He opened the door, saw Smith and the smbrella, turnepale, :asked if he onld be of any help, and said there was a manidovwn in the officethat resembled btl.a good deal, and was -about dank;-. aunhad mashed his umbrella. teirily;-. Smith .oldiJoe he conid4 ndre, iod Jo wentFbet had mith put on his not and went donai? the Jck steis, an& when: es ioeV -adsl &milk; Was Iloking -)»v thi counter; ,wth L?aimUM brells .angiag 10ooane onef tie point. i the. overoot pcket of -a strger who was trying .to get- up.. to the counter, ? Stand balsck leas, said the clerk. to Smith, a he prked the hotel egiatrto the Strasnr.. Then' turing to J?oe te e1ler1 -sid ." Ithoogat I tolad.you t paat tha dronken mn? to bed." ? oe looelieda Smith. PI bit e$tII 11 ta4k a i and Mbs p0siartiou caine aut. on his face as he' told the clerk that he had put the'other drunken man to bed, that this was evidently his twin brother, as he had just been up to the other one's ,room, and he was there all right. "Well, take this one to the pound, or the refrigera= tor, or somewhere," said the clerk. At this Smith's friends began to laugh, and Smith ataigbhtened his mbrella out, and looked as sober as anybody, and the clerk sod the " boots" soon found out-that they had been fooled by a drunk and disorderly'umbrella. 'lhe umbrella has been quite a curiosity at the hotel for several days, many respectable citiuens trying to borrow it to take home to fool their wives with. .One gentleman sid if. he should- gobome with that umbrella in that shape, his wife would .procure a divorce. Joe said -he had been fooled a good many time, but he never was so completely taken in as he was by Smith and" the drunk am. brella - 