Why ©Id Me Wed Her ? EY-MES. SOUTH WOETH. 4.TJTH0B OF 'THE HIDDEN HAND,' SELF MADE,' 'TEE BKIDE OF AN EVENING,' &e.; CHAPTER XLIX. — 'Unexpected Abeivals. Prom this day forth the life of Cleve and Palina changed. They made friends and -went much, into company through the introductions of Sirs. Wal ling. ' Thev Were young and innocently fond of gaiety.' and they 'were led on by Jian, who was liberally supplied with money advanced by his 6olicitors, and vrho, from being a daily visitor at their -apartments/had at last taken up Ms abode under the same roof for the sake of being nearer to them until he should sail for England, aceom fcanied by Mr. William Walling, i Unfortunately neither Randolph Hay nor the WaHings suspeeted the impoverished condition of their iieTr friends, else they tcouM not have ienipted ov led the young pair into a 'way of life |o much above theiv means. I As it was, their scanty little fund had to be -Brawn upon for such additions to Palina's toilet, tod even to Cleve's, in the way of nice boots and fresh gloves, that seemed really indispensable to ftieni when they went out in the evening. Had jPahna even sitspected their own poverty she *«wld, not have gone anywhere if it cost money id go there. But unsuspicious as she was, be lieving, as she did, that her husband was in very easy circumstances, she went out a great deal ,- jmd Cleve, seeing how much she enjoyed society', had not the heart to check her enjoy ment by telling her the truth. Only gloves and boots and car-fare her pleasures cost them. She had two dresses, the crimson cashmere, much worn, but carefully preserved, and 'often, cleaued and repaired for continual use by the careful hands of Mrs. Pole. This was her dress for dinners and afternoon teas. Her white India muslin — her confirmation robe, and afterward her wedding suit — was now her only evening dress. Neither of these were at all stylish, but they ?were neat and clean; and then her boots and gloves, were perfectly fitting, fresh and faultless. Every day Cleve went forth to seek employ ment, and every night returned disappointed to find himself poorer by the day's expenditure than he had been the day before. Everything was going out and nothing coming in ; and yet he shrank from saying to Palma : ' 'We cannot afford another pair of new gloves even, dear :' nor to do anything but smile in her face when she would only ask him to go with her to a lunch party at Mrs. Duncan's, or to a 5 o'clock tea at Miss Christiansen's. If Ban had only known, their straits, as he bounded daily up and down the stairs, too full of life and energy to avail himself of the elevator, how gladly, how joyously, would he have poured into his cousin's lap wealth from his own abundant means, aor ever dreamed of offering Dffenee in proffering what he himself, in their re versed circumstances, would have been frankly drilling to receive from them. But he knew nothing, suspected nothing, of their poverty ; and even if he had known, and had offered to give assistance, Cleve Stuart, in his spirit of Dride'or indenendence, would have refused It. Ban held firmly to his purpose or giving his jcousin a-feir share -of their grandfather's estate, as soon as he himself should be put in lawful pos session, which was only a question of a few weeks' time j but he said nothing more about it to either ?paitna or Cleve. He thought they understood, his intentions, and believed in them, and that it ?would be in bad taste to refer to them again. Besides,- he did not suspect how dark the future Hooked to one of them, at least, and what a source of anxiety it was. What ,the young pair really thought of their cousin's offer to share, was' just this — that it had been made, not from a delicate sense of justice, that would stand the test of time and opportunity, Tiut from -a sudden impulse of generosity, that ?night yield to cool afterthought. Neither of them placed much reliance on the offer, especially as they had repudiated it at the time, and Ban had never renewed it. The day for young Hay's departure for England ?was at length fixed. He was to sail on the second pf December. It had been first suggested that Mr. Samuel Walling should attend him to Eng land, and introduce him personally to the London solicitors of the Hays of Haymore ; but, as usual, Sir. Will put in his plea of overwork, brain Exhaustion, want of change, and so on, and, as ? Bsual, bis claim was allowed, and it was decided ihat He, should accompany the young heir. The aged priest, Father Pedro de Leon, liaving arnderoath testified to the identity of Eandolph Hayy-hadttddanan affectionate good-bye to his jmpil and returned to his flock in San Francisco. It ? was remarkable, that while Mr. Sam Wal ling, the head of the firm of WalHng and Walling, ?took all the heaviest responsibilities, did all the' hardest work, seldom left bis desk during office faours, and never left the city except on business, Sir. Will, the junior .partner, required ail the relaxation, in frequent visits to Newport and Sa ratoga duringthe summer months, and Washington and even. Savannah during the winter season. And now ^t seemed absolutely necessary that Mr. Will' should have a sea voyage to restore the shsJren equilibrium of Ms overtasked mind and body. ' Thafs just it !' Mrs. Walling said one day to fian, when speaking of the trip to England. ?' Our firm, as a firm, is always full of work, yet manages to have a good deal of play also; only Sam takes the work, and -Wiil the play.* As-the month' of November drewto a close, and. the day of his departure -came near, Ban grew morePaaid. more uneasy.'- He had not beard a word from' Jndy for more than three weeks, though in that time he had written so many letters; nor had Mrs. Walling lately heard from Mrs. Moseley. ? Ban was not of a temperament to ' borrow trouble. Qnite the contrary} he 'always looked »n the bright ei&e.; He was willing to make every allowance for the well-known uncertainty of the mails in those unsettled regions guarded by the frontier forts; but still it seemed strange and alarming that for a mouth past no mail had come gafely through contingent dangers. His. greatest anxiety now was that he should have to sail for Europe without having heard from Jndy. He confided his trouble to Cleve and Palme.,. with whom he now spent every .evening whenever they were at home. ? '''.'. One evening, about a week before he was to tail, he was sitting with Cleve and Palma In their tiny parlor. Cleve had been reading aloud ; but laid down his book on the entrance of Ban. Palma wes knitting a woollen wristlet, the last of four pair that she had been malring for Cleve and 1 Mrs. Pole, and she continued to knit after greet r jlng4i»r cousin. ; ? ? : ? „ I San brought a chair to thte little table at which [ fcbe other two iei, threw himself into it, Bighed, and said- . ? . . -.-... 'This is S*tarday night, the.25fch, and in ong week .from to-day, on Saturday; December 2, J I must Sail for England,' , . I 'Yes. Cousin Eandolph, I know. And I aim [ veryJK^a*fcp^l» n«^ I have '?'$-, go^ very. But you -will Boon reteaia^ [ syinpaiifchOTleaJly TepiieS Palma. I ' It is gbaab Judy/ frankly exclaimed Ban. *I L liavg 'joftb -??Ija4 A. letter iron i»ier fcr nearly .%] f mdn«K'-::i:':;-1. ' ' ;'- '?:'. ' ,:' ' ?'' ? ?'.: ???.;? p.i:::'ri I 4&B;*#(ni;5^«H»3f ba.?e pM -un ..of ihemba*i and therefore a kind of comfort, for failing to get a single letter in time. But 'when three or four that I should have got have failed to come, it is strange and alarming.' Neither Cleve nor Palma found anything to answer to this. They knew and felt that it was both ' strange and alarming.' * Let us hope that you wiil get a letter jrithin a fewdays/ at length ventured Stuart. ' Why, you may get one even to-morrow/ hope fully exclaimed Palma. * Oh, yes ! Audi may have to sail for England in the most agonising 'anxiety as to Judy's fate !* said Ban, with a profound sigh. ' But there is no reason for such an intense ' anxiety. She is in excellent hands,' said Palma. ' Oh ! but when I came away there was a talk of the intended, rising of the Indians. G-ood Heaven ! 'the fort may have been stormed and all hands massacred, for all I know !' exclaimed the youth, growing pallid at the very thought. 'Eandolph.!' cried Palma, in horror. 'Nothing of that sort could have happened without our having heard of it before this. The authorities at Washington would have received the news, and it would have been in all the papers. Some -survivor would have escaped to the nearest telegraph station and . sent the message flying to Washington,' said Cleve. ' Oh, yes — certainly. But I never thought of that \ ? It is a real relief to me ! I hope I may get a letter before I jjo ! If I do not, and could have my own way, I would sacrifice the passage and wait here until I could hear from Judy. But Mr. Walling says it is absolutely necessary that I should, go no later certainly than, the day set for sailing.' 'But if a letter should come we will imme diately send it after you/ said Palma. ' Thank you, cousin, dear ; I know that you will do all that you can. Well, I have learned one lesson from all this/ said Ban so solemnly ihat both his companions looked up inquiringlyj and Palma asked : ? What is it Cousin Eandolph ?' ' It is this : If Heaven should ever bring my dear Judy and myself together again, I will never part with her — no never while we both shall live ! Nothing shall ever part us again except the wiil of Heaven '.' ' But how about school and college that was to have prepared you both to the sphere of life to which you are called?' Palma inquired with some little amusement. ' Oh, bother that ! It was all the nonsense about ' the sphere of life to which we are called' that parted Judy and me ! And it shall never part us again ! We will go to school an-? college, but we need not part and live in school and col lege. We will marry and go to housekeeping in some city where there are educational advantages. I will attend the college courses. Judy shall have teachers at home. And so we will live until we are polished up bright enough to show ourselves ;o my grandfather's neighbors and tenants at Haymore. Then we will settle there for good, and no one will ever know that the successors of Sauire Hay were first of all a pair of little raga^ muffins and ignoramuses from a Californian ?mi-ning- camp 1 Yes, that is what I will do, and no prudence, and no policy, and no consideration for 'that sphere of fife to which we are called/' nor for anything else, but Judy herself shall in fluence me ! When we meet again we shall be married out of hand and nothing but death shall part us \ When we meet again ! But when will that be ? Ah me V sighed poor-Ban. There came a rap at the door, and the 'boy' put in big head, and said : 'The lady and. ge'men would come up, sir, which they said there wasn't no call to send up no card/ then, withdrew Ms head and ran away. The three cousins looked up -to see a tall, mar tial-looking man, with a gray moustache, and clothed in a military overcoat and fatigue cap, enter the room, with a slender, graceful girl, in a long gray cloth uslter and a little gray plush hat, hanging on his arm. The three companions stared for a moment, and then Ban sprang up, overturning his chair in his haste, and rushed towards them, exclaim ing: ' Colonel Moseley ! Judy! Oh, Judy!' And in another instant Judy was pressed to his heart. ? Now, introduce us to your friends, Mr. Hay/ said the colonel, taking off his cap and bowing to the lady and gentleman, who had risen to their feet to receive the unknown and unexpected guests. ' Oh, pardon me, exclaimed Ban, raising Judy, drawing her arm through his own and taking her up to his cousins. ' Mr. and Mrs. Stuart, this is Miss Judith 'Mfnij my betrothed. Judy, darling, these axe my Cousin Palma and her husband/ he said. It was to be thought that the young girl would have made her quaint, parish school cour tesy, but she did not. She bowed, blushed, and smiled very prettily. Cleve Stuart shook hands with her, and said that he was very glad to see her. But Palma drew the girl to her bosom and kissed her, with a few murmured words of ?wel- come. Then Ban-presented— ? 'Colonel Moseley, Mrs. Stuart, Mr. Stuart/ And all shook ? hands in.'the old tame, cordial manner. - And when all-were seated, ^Colonel Moseley in Ban's vacated chair' at the little table with Cleve and Palma, and Ban and Judy, side by side, on a little sofa near them, there came the natural question, from' Stuart : ' When did you reach ;Ifew York, Colonel ?' 'At noon to-day/ replied Moseley. 'At noon to- day, and I see nothing of Judy until 8 o'clock this evening !' exclaimed Ban. ' Patience, my dear fellow; I had to find you. before I could bring her. I arrived, with -a large party', at noon, as I' said ; ?took them all to an old fashioned hotel down town, where the prices are. not quite ruinous; left them all there, and went to hunt up yon, at your hotel, .found that youbaSl left it, but .could not find *»ut where you had gone; went back to own place and dined with my family; ? alter ' .'dinner went ont to hunt np the- Wallingsj with a 'view of find ing you, and also of finding1 the furnished house I had,commissioned Walling to engage for me ; looked in at the office first, but found no one there but .the janitor cleaning tip ; office hours were over; Mrl Samuel -Walling jgone home to his; dinner; got his address; went to the house; found* Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Walling; who were es much amazed at seeing me aslf I had been a ghost risen from the dead. Ihfaet, they had not got my letter; of advice, and, consequently, had not engaged any . furnished house for iny tribe. ? ' However, they in BiBted on roafrfag it all dghtfor us. They told Hie where to find yon, Hay; ^nd ihenvben I said I must go back to the hotel to pick nj» Judy, Mrs. Welling insisted pngqingwitli me to see her old schoolmate and dear friend, and she -went 'with me. Well, in brief, when she met ray wife nbtbingwouldd0: fent^heimist'takeherandaUthe girls home tojwr £wn*JiQuse to;sfey nntil we can find a home for ourselves. laid liie boys remain *fefe the hotel. V :-0i%f. is *- 3*»n*&fes.; Moseley and Hbe girls at ^i WafilingB^L , . ''.;?': .?:''?.-??? ?- * Indeed, th^ Jndy &to; do nothing of the sort. protector undOT -^|ifi CW'cunifltances, said lit^Q; ^Palma* ^f^ftJ^p&i;^faftrBfitf -^^l^' ^^th~anvasBniiipijion: bf matrpfaiy '.S§^f.^^b-J0B $**y ^^^S^ ^^ coloneL '?'? ?, '-''''f^-VViii^i^^'^''^^' \:^.''y yon fclease, pr jap Miss JTiiai^pieaaes ; ' only Xiio jrwitfenqw Ibaw ^^^^^SS^^^^^iXiiag']^^ 'You wiil stay with us, ?will you not, dear Jndy ? ? I may call you Judy, may I not? I have known you as Judy-, and loved you as Judy, before I ever saw you. Shall I call you Judy ?' \- 'Sure, and ye may, ma'am ?' exclaimed the girl, with cordial impetuosity ; but then catching herself up suddenly, she blushed, and added, softly, ' If you please, ma'am, I should like you to call nie so.' Palnia smiled, kissed her forehead, and then went to her tiny desk and wrote the note to Mrs. Moseley. The colonel had but little time to stay, and soon arose to say good night. ' By the way/ he said, ' I had almost forgotten. I am the bearer of an invitation for you all to come and dine with us at Mrs. Walling's, to-morrow, at 7.' Pahua looked at her husband, understood Iijr eyes, and answered for both : * Love to Mrs. Wailing, and we will go with much pleasure/ Colonel Moseley shook hands all around, like the plain, old-fashioned soldier that he was, and then went away. There remained Ban and Judy, sitting on the sofa, and Cleve and Palma at the table. The lovers were comparing notes, giving in their experience of the time while they were separated., speaking in subdued tones, that pre sently sank so low as to be quite inaudible to any other ears than their own ; so it might be sur mised that Ban was imparting 'to Jndy his new scheme of life for the future. The married pair at the table, with the truest politeness, ignored the presence of the just re united lovers, and took up their occupations, that had been interrupted by thevisitors. Cleve opened his book and resinned his reading, but now in a lower tone, quite audible to Palma, but not disturbing to Baa or Judy. i±e was reading Marniion, the scene of the meeting between the pilgrim and the abbess on the balcony. But Palma, knitting mechanically, could not listen. She was seized with a terrible anxiety, that filled her mind and crowded out everything else. She had, from the impulse of a warm heart, invited Judy to stay, and Judy was staying. But where on the face of the earth was she to put Judy ? They had in their doll's house of a flat but four tiny rooms — parlor, kitchen, and two. bedrooms. What was to be done ? How could she listen to the story the abbess was telling the pilgrim, and the minutes passing so rapidly and bedtime coming on, and no bed to put her invited guest in ? And there was Cleve utterly uncon scious of her dilemma, although he knew as well' as she did the extent—or rather limits — of their accommodation. Cleve finished the canto, and closed the book in complacent ignorance that Palma had not heard a word of it. The dock on the mantel struck 11. It was a cheap clock, and it struck loudly. Bail arose to bid good night. ' I really ought to beg your pardon for keeping you up. But you will excuse me for this once/ he said. ' Why, certainly ! Certainly ! Don't go. yet. ?? We shall not retire for hours. Oh, pray 1 pray I1 don't go yet !' pleaded Palma, with her curlv hair fairly stiffening itself on end for, when Ban had left, what in the name of Heaven, was she to. do with Judy ? Take the girl in with herself and Cleve ? Or lay her over Mrs. Pole on that narrow slab of a cot that could not hold two side by side ? Pahua had got into a terrible dilemma, which she feared, by the creepy coldness of her scalp, was going to turn her hair white ! She would have been very much relieved if — '? after the old-fashioned INew England style — the betrothed lovers should sit up all night. ' Oh, do, do, do stay longer !' she still pleaded, looking beseechingly at Kan. But Ban was looking at his sweetheart, and replied, gravely : ' Tou are very kind ! Too kind ! And I thank you so much ! But, even for Judy's sake, I ought to go- She is very tired from her long journey. Good night/ And he turned to go, Judy following him to the door of the parlor, where, of course, they lingered over their adieus. Then Stuart got a chance to speak apart with Palma. He looked into her dismayed face, and. broke into a little, low laugh. ' Oh ! what in the name of goodness shall I do ?' she exclaimed, clasping her hands and gazing appealingly up into his face. Then he pitied her evident distress and an swered : ' Why, dear, you will have to share your own bed with Miss Judy and give me a rug on the sofa/ Her face brightened. 'Oh, Cleve !' she exclaimed, 'you are an angel of light in a cut-away coat ! Yon have saved my life — or reason !' - . Then suddenly growing grave, she added: '.? ' But the little sofa is so short, and you are so long!' 'Mow, don't look so distressed, dear. The in convenience is nothing at all. And it is only for one night. To-morrow I will see the janitor and try to get a room for our little friend contiguous to our own, so that she may remain with us/ . Stuart spoke of incurring this additional ex pense with apparent cheerfulness, although his -small funds were nearly exhausted, and his efforts to procure employment were quite fruitless. But he said no more then, for Ban, who had lingered at the door over his last words with Judy, fl&w; kissed her good-night and went away, aud the girl rejoined her friends in the little parlor. . ? . . (to be contotoed.) 