Moot Points. WHEN Lord Castlereagh appeared at the famous Congress of Vienna without any de coration, in strong contrast to the other pleni potentiaries who were blazing with orders, &c.;, Talleyrand remarked, in reference to the re presentative of Britain, " Cest bien distingue." We seem to be fast approaching a state of things in Australia, when it will be " bien dis tingu6" for any of our prominent men to be without a title; when, in fact, it will be a greater distinction to be a plain " Mr." than to have " Sir " in advance of one's front name, and " K.C.M.G." suffixed to the hind one. If the Federal Council ever comes into existence we would recommend that an intercolonial—or rather pan- colonial—enactment should be made, not only that no more of this electro-plate nobility should bo accepted, but that those who now hold it should give it up to whence it came. It is quite out of accordance with the spirit of this New World; and a handle to a colonial name is already beginning to bo looked upon by sensible persons as a handle for legitimate ridicule. But if the thing must go on, why, in the name of wonder, can't we have some variety from those ever lasting "Sirs?" Why can't the Empress of India make a grab at a handful of Indian titles for colonial distribution ? Let us havo a Nizam or two for a change, or some rajahs, or maha rajaha, or nawabs, or something of that sort. Our advice to Sara, when his turn comes, ia to accept no title Bhort of "The Great Mogul," and to Miles to cut his right hand off rather than cheapen himself to anything under " Tho Great Panjandrum." And, of course, to all of ns thore is already a flavour of pleasing asso ciation in the style and title of Rajah Brookes. The aubsidised line of steamers from Ger many to Australia is now an accomplished fact, a- German company, as might have been ex pected, havinp secured tho contract. Bis marck's design against British commerce with these colonies has, therefore, come into active operation. Tho largo subsidy granted to these steamers cannot be explained by tho necessities of any trade which would be likely to arise under ordinary conditions; but a high protec tive tariff lias filled Oerman factories and stores with goods which are not wanted in that country, and can only compete against British goods by means of further protection. German taxpayers, therefore, are called upon to pay a high subsidy, which will enable the steamers to carry goods at extremely low freights, and by this means reduce the price at which they may be sold here. How is it that the New Zealand loan has gone off so much more satisfactorily than that of either Queensland or Victoria? Can there be any grounds for believing that the " communi cated" article in the Financier had anything to do with it? When a member of Parliament lets off a little joke which is quite intelligible to other members who are present, and it is recorded in Hansard, he is sometimes surprised that persons who read that interesting publica tion accept bis joke as the relation of a sober fact. So members who are acquainted with the speeches of our Treasurer may be surprised, as he may himself, to find later on that other people, who know not Dickson, accept all he says without any talt whatever. There are bulls and bears in London, and one of these animals has made the most of a surmise that money was being borrowed not because it was actually wanted for public works but because our banks did not object to make use of it. Archbishop Moban, who there is reason to believe has been selected by the Pope as suc cessor to the late Archbishop of Dublin, seems determined to make an impression before leaving New South Wales, and were he to remain in that colony there would be every probability of his setting the people by the ears. He has made a very distinct protest against Bishop Barry taking precedence of himself at the Governor's dinner-table, and he has dug up the education hatchet which ao many good colonists have been trying to bury, and has ground It to a keen edge. His own people have presented him with an address expressive of their regret at his early departure. What other religionists regret most Is that he has taught them to witness his departure with out a pang. Mb. Duttoh is not without adherents to his peculiar views in respect to land in Sydney, and we observe that a Land and National Asso ciation League has been formed with the ob ject of preventing any further sales of Crown lands and " restoring!" to the State the owner ship of that which has already been sold. They believe in leasing at a "fair rental," with security for the tenant's "improvements and for the results of his industry." There is some vagueness about the object of the league, but no doubt they will be able to define by-and-by what it is they want Perhaps they won't mind waiting to see the effect of our land legislation before they upset the land laws of their own colony. The South Australian Ministry, as was an ticipated, ran into broken water as soon as the session commenced. They have not given gene ral satisfaction during their short tenure of office—nor is it likely that any other Ministry could have done so—for they are reaping the crop which others sowed; and the seed having been planted beforehand, they have no choice as to what the crop should be. But this is not all that is laid at their door; they are charged with having failed to provide or even suggest a remedy for the ills which beset the colony, and there seems to be some truth in the accusation. Mr. Downer, who moved the vote of censure, was Attorney-General in the late Ministry, but it is doubtful whether he could form or lead a strong Government In Western Australia they have commenced a railway system, and they have trains running daily. Like other colonies, too, they have ex cursion trains on particular occasions to enable the people to go into the country and enjey themselves. But, though they have time-tables, the trains are not run too closely to them. A gentleman the other day wanted to make use of one of these, and, when he reached the station, the |people were running about frantically asking each other for change, as none was given at the box. He got away by a train long after the advertised time, and arrived at his destina tion when the event he went to ace was con cluded. At 1 o'clock ho asked "What's the next train to town ?" Beply : " The 12 o'clock." Question: "When doea the 12 o'clock start?" Beply: "Oh ! about 3 o'clock; the 10 o'clock started about ten minutes ago." Railways are not paying in Western Australia. Thk Tasraanian Government intend, if all goes well, to have an active Parliamentary ses sion this winter. The Reciprocity Treaty with Victoria is a measure which, for good or ill, must have a marked effect upon the colony; but in addition to this, and the question of establishing a Permanent Defence Force, they propose to deal with Redistribution, Educa tion, and the Lands—all of them large ques tions even in a small colony. However, the session is only about to begin, and the best in tentions are not always fulfilled. Something may yet be left for Parliament to accomplish next year. Notwithstanding the fact that the name of Dalley has become a household word throughout Australia—by reason of his connection with the New South Wales Soudan contingent—it is sad, indeed, to find that not only is his patriotic service apparently ignored by the British public but that another colonist (Mr. Henniker Heaton, late of Sydney) has allowed himself to be described as the gentleman who "took a prominent part in the equipment of the New South Wales contingent." True, it waß at a Conservative political meeting, and Mr. Henniker Heaton was being proposed as a Parliamentary candidate for an English county; but whatever excuse may be made for the audience, none can be made for the late resident of Sydney when he allowed this flattering misstatement to pass uncorrected. Gratified as Australians no doubt will be by his proposer wishing "to do honour to the colonies," they will be surprised to learn that English electors "would be showing it in adopting the candidature of bis friend Henniker Heaton." It is difficult to credit the idea that the English agents for Northern separation are at the bottom of the " communicated" article on the late Queensland loan which appeared in the London Financier. The false statements contained in this communication are supposed to have damaged Queensland to the extent of many thousand pounds. But what have tho Beparationiats gained by this ? The triumph of stating that the disturbed condition of the sugar industry affects our credit in the English money market is hardly worth the trouble of putting pen to paper, and we must search for the author among persons more interested in the failure of the loan—the stock jobbers. A business man must be mad indeed when he cuts off his nose to spite his face. People have of ten strained their imaginations in endeavouring to conceive what would be the feelings of one of the early Christians if he could be so resurrected as to recommence the work of observation with his faculties and experience exactly where they were when he gave up the ghost We could enumerate a great many things in connection with the Churches that would astonish him—from en throned hierarchies down to opera soloists; but we feel assured that nothing would so flabber gast his primitive simplicity as the spectacle of a church bazaar. The tremendous contrast between tbe unwithholding enthusiasm which brought its all and voluntarily laid it at the Apostles' feet and the modern religious charity whioh has to be coaxed with dolls and pen-wipers, lucky-bags and dice, pretty girls and stylish matrons, would, we fear, be too much for him, and the first assault upon him by a pretty face and a pair of vases would probably be followed by bis immediate re-dissolution into the primal elements. Glad as we are to hear of the success of the bazaars last week, we sincerely hope that no one is weak enough to put it down to the credit of Christian charity. If it is such, we can no longer say with the Apostle when speaking of the trio of Christian virtues, " But the greatest of these is charity." Faith and Hope still flourish as of yore, but, alas, poor Charity! She has to be humoured and amused and fed on excitement in order that ahe may keep up a sort of galvanised life. Let us clear our minds of cant and, however pleasing it may be to record that that £1400 was obtained last week for Church purposes, let us humbly remember that the moral value of the incomings is just exactly commensurate with the moral value of what is being nightly poured into the treasury ofOhiarlni. 