%\\)t Syme]) ¿Hornínji %mHt. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1885. To-day Lord AUGUSTUS LOFTUS ATÍH leave New South Wales. His EXCELLENCY himself will hardly regard the fact with regret. We cannot think that the position which he has occupied here is the one that he would have chosen. For many of the things which have come to be regarded as among the duties of a colonial Governor his EXCELLENCY has had little training, and less taste. Most of his official life was spent in other and perhaps more important work. It was as a diplomatist principally, and not as a Governor, that he served his country and made his reputation, and the qualities which are necessary to the one may be of little use to the other. A man who made a good general might make a had archbishop and there is about as much resemblance between a general and an archbishop as there is between an ambassador and a colonial Governor. The duties of diplomatists are to rulers, not to communities ; but, rightly or wrongly, it has come to be understood that the Governor of a colony like ours Ima duties to the public generally, as well as to his advisers and to the Throne. This Lord AUGUSTUS LOFTUS has sometimes failed to see, and the result is that there has occasionally been a gulf between the GOAMÍRNOII and those whom he has had to gOVern. He might have been fitted for more important work, but he has shown little liking for much of the work which colonial communities expect their Governors to do. Very few men are qualified to play manAr parts. For those who hold high office, especially, one part is enough. The part which Lord AUGUSTUS LOFTUS had learned to play was a delicate and a difficult one, and, for anything that over know to the contrary, he played it well ; but the qualities which fitted him for dealing with autocratic rulers more or less unfitted him for service in a democratic community. The spheres are essentially different, and they require widely different men. The talents which might help a man to shine at St. Petersburg or at Berlin would be of little or no use to him in Sydney, and a man who might find much to interest him at the former might find little or nothing that he would care about in the latter. It was Lord AUGUSTUS LOFTUS S misfortune, and not his fault, that he found himself in so commonplace a community as ours. Appoint- ments to the colonies have too frequently been made for the convenience of the Imperial Government rather than for that of the men who have received the appointments, or for that of the colonies themselves, and the consequence has been that very square men have occasionally found themselves in very round holes. No one would accuse Lord AUGUSTUS LOFTUS of neglecting what he considered his duty. What he failed to see was that much that was required of him was really his duty. It has not been disputed that his EXCELLENCY has most estimable personal qualities, or that he possesses eminent gifts. It may be added that what he has regarded as his proper function has always been performed with great conscientiousness, and sometimes with great laboriousness. He has never shirked what he held to he his legitimate work. On the contrary, he has made it his rule to do such work promptly and thoroughly. Things which other Governors have taken for granted he has chosen to look into for himself. On more than one occasion, also, his EXCELLENCY has shown a good deal of sagacity, and in an instance which occurred not very long ago he gave us an evidence of his humanity. As the representative of her MAJESTIC his shortcomings have been negative rather than positive. It can hardly be said that he has played what he regarded as his part "badly, but what may he said is that much that the community regards as the part of a Governor he has not attempted to play at all. The official view of the duties of a Governor is short and simple. It is his duty to append his name to documents, to attend meetings of Councils, to he advised by his Ministers, to open and to close Parliaments, to hold levees, to keep clear of local squabbles, to entertain society, to keep the authorities in England well posted up, and to be a sort of vice-regal watchman generally. That, in substance, is the official idea of what should be required of a Governor, and the official idea is the old one. But in regard to colonial Governors, as well as to many other people, the theory that did years ago does not do now. Instead of regarding a Governor as a sort of figure-head, people have learnt to regard him as a living force ; as a restraining force when the public is moving too fast, and as tin energising force when it is not moving at all. There is a sense in which democratic communities are ceasing to respect persons. Dignitaries, like other people, are expected to be useful as well as ornamental. The world has not given up its faith in the divine right of rulers, but it is ceasing to believe in the divine right of kings to do wrong or to do nothing. "What is asked is that the man who is called a king shall be a king. And for this change of sentiment rulers themselves are partly responsible. It was Lord AUGUSTUS LOFTUS S misfortune that he was preceded by several men of exceptional ability, and his special misfortune that his immediate predecessor was Sir HERCULES ROBINSON, Even Sir HERCULES had his weaknesses, and he had his enemies. Some of his opinions were strongly dissented from, and for one or two entanglements he was held responsible. Strength has its drawbacks as well as feeble- ness. But no one can deny that by his speeches and his activity generally, Sir HERCULES ROBINSON led us to quicken our pace in more than one direction. And, in looking for Governors who will do this, the people of the colonies are expecting no move from the representative of royalty than the mother country expects from royalty itself. Little as it may like it, royalty is compelled to keep itself in evidence. If the QUEEN prefers retirement she must find a substitute for whom retirement is impossible. The English people do not hesitate to say that if the throne expects them to be loyal, the throne must do its duty. "We do not say that the loyalty of these colonies will depend on the character of their Governors, Australian loyalty is sufficiently vigorous to stand some rude shocks. But, like most other things, loyalty I Steftffestedby ckcumstûMe_sJLand_there_^_uld,^ hardly be a more powerful incitement to disaffection than a succession of colonial Governors with no special qualifications for their posts. As the colonies groo\r larger, as international complications multiply in these seas, and we may add, as questions affecting the relations between the colonies themselves become more critical, the necessity for sagacious, vigorous, and influential Governors must increase. Australian colonists are not hard to please. If they find that a Governor is active, earnest, and unselfish, that he cares for them, and takes a reasonably liberal view of his functions, they will put up with a good deal. Much more than this they do not look for, but with less they will not be satisfied. Lest there should be any doubt as to the severity of the season, Mr. RUSSELL publishes a telegram received by him on the 5th instant from Mr. TRADER, meteorological observer at Bourke, to this effect : " The river has stopped running ; nearly all the rocky places are crossable on foot, and at North Bourke, three miles from here, 60 or 70 feet of the bed of the river is quite dry." This, in the very earliest days of November, the time when the Darling should be coming down a banker, and all the plains on either bank be green with dense, succulent herbage, and bright with innumer- able flowers. It is indeed a very bad time on the Darling at Bourke, and through most of the pastoral districts of the colony, so bad that it is advisable to take a glance at the conditions now existing with the view of ' exciting sympathy, of enabling the great majority of the colonists who are ignorant of all the main facts of the bush to realise what is really transpiring, and inviting the most attentive and intelligent consideration of all possible means of remedy. We may begin this description with the pastoral country first met upon the coast north of Sydney', New England that is, and the coastal district right up to the Queensland border-a country that usually carries its hundreds of thousands of fat stock, but which now is spoken of as but fairly well off for grass and water, and in places bad. The Gwydir district, with the Liverpool Plains a broad tract of country extending from the New England plateau across the Namoi and Castlereagh rivers, and as far west on the Barwon as Walgett-is all bad, and rapidly becoming worse. Stock owners are renting country elsewhere, and beginning to travel their stock, but not down the Barwon to the Darling, nor yet northward to the creek country, the delta of the Balonne river. All that stretch, two hundred miles north and south, and two hundred east and west, is again bad ; had also all the Warrego and Paroo country, so bad that Queensland stock from somewhat better pastures farther north can with difficulty he got across. All down the Darling from Bourke to Wentworth, a couple of hundred miles broad, patchy bad patchy predominating ; but a great tract bounded by an imaginary line drawn south of the Darling and parallel with its general course between Bourke and Wilcannia north, by the Lachlan between Forbes and Condobolin south and east and west by lines drawn from Bourke to Dubbo and Wilcannia to Condobolin, in fair condition for both food and water. Another block to the south and west of this, between Lachlan and Murrumbidgee, all bad. No rain falling there within this month the stock must begin to die. Riverina proper, between Murrumbidgee and Murray, fairly well off ; patches good, and broad spaces bad, but runs being lightly stocked, owing to the ravages of the last drought, little fear of loss by actual starvation. The South Coast district only fair, the mountains of course good, but Monaro fair, Twofold Bay very dry. The reader whose immediate interest or concern for the general welfare of the colony may lead him to plot out these various districts upon the map of the colony will find at least half of the whole area placed as bad so bad as to be dangerous, as to threaten death by starvation to all the stock depastured thereon, and may divide the other half fairly between good and fair, the great central area before noted, lying between the Darling and Lachlan rivers, much better than usual, the coast, usually abundantly supplied with water and grass, bad by comparison with average conditions. The fair and the good country need not be considered or discussed at length. It is on the bad that statesmanship and good government and large-minded patriotism, should halt, and in the present with shame and dis- may. Upon that next track, westward from the New England plateau, and northward from the Barwon or Darling, between "Walgett and Bourke, where nature invites to measures of relief clearly as she executes judgment upon a hungry and imbecile neglect of plain duty and opportunity. There are millions of stock looking in vain for food and water, three scores of proprietors threatened with ruin, then a bloW pending which will shock every interest and institution of the colony. And who has seen, who considered it, who given it prominence in electioneering spoech,inprogramme of present or future policy ? Though Ave assume that the country has been stirred to its depths Within the last month, that every large subject has been thoroughly discussed, and every topic of importance been set upon a hill of publicity, we have to dig for this matter far deeper than any speeches of any parliamentary candidates have gone. And yet we can go down with a full assurance that no labour will be in vain. The remedy is at hand. Tons, hundreds of millions of tons of water have rolled down Namoi and Castlereagh and Culgoa and Birie and Warrego, by impetuous as ephemeral torrents, to the Darling, or by SHOW. and silent underground channels to the sea, which retained and distributed, might have been transmitted into tens of thousands of tons of herbage and grass, of beef, and mutton, and wool. Nothing easier and nothing greater than to accomplish this, but not by a perambulator- commission of diligent amateurs, not by peddling recommendations, not by the puny effort which may remain when all the popular works are accomplished. The work demands such self sacrifice as Australia has never yet endured. There are no immediate dividends in it-no immediate gains to be reaped by even shrewdest speculators ; it must be done by the country for the country and its ultimate advantage, as its present burden, must be distributed amongst all the people of the colony. HOW urgent and how important it is, those know who know what its want has cost us within the past five years ; but all may share that knowledge if they will but endeavour to count up the sum of recorded facts and near possibilities, and trace their influences through the man avenues of our life. They must not, however, halt on the millions ; it is easy to sum up millions of lost lives as lost pounds ; nor yet upon the ruin of homes of families, of enterprising pioneers, and even well-settled and substantial occupiers of runs, who could not stand the shocks of drought year upon year. They must go on to the wrong to humanity-the unnumbered cruel foul As T.ongs to the uncomplaining brutes they must get a vivid realisation of the neglect of duty, a clear conception of the crime that neglect occurs and then, surely, they will begin to think of the immediate and imperative need of amendment, and to ask of those who seek to govern-not what do you think of education or local option, or the tenets of Orangeism, or the Kiama ghost, or of Standard paint or dump cars, but of this one greatest of all great works. We shall never begin it till people begin to think about it, and that will not be, perhaps, till the inevitable pocket appeal is made, which only unforeseen as unexpected dispen- sations of nature can much longer delay. At Wagga, on Saturday, Mr. DIBBS claimed from the representatives of the people, during the approaching Parliamentary session, fair play, so that, when Parliament meets, the Government may be honestly judged on their policy. He is fully entitled to make this claim. The election for the Murrumbidgee, where a very much larger number of votes were polled than at any previous election in the constituency, points to the desire of an important part of the colony to reverse the verdict which the electors of St. Leonards thought fit to declare, and there is reason to believe that the action of the electors of the Murrumbidgee is approved by the public generally. Great issues certainly depended on the result of the election, and Mr. DIBBS, elected in a manner which justifies him in regarding his return as a triumphant victory for the Government, is not asking anything unreasonable when he asks from Parliament a confirmation of the decision which the large constituency of the Murrumbidgee have given. What would have been the outcome of the defeat of the PREMIER at Wagga will be the result of the defeat of the Government at the commencement of the session, with the inconvenience, the confusion, and the delay arising therefrom greatly increased. If defeated in the House, the Government of course will resign, and there will immediately be a cessation of all public business, and a scramble for office, which cannot make things better than they are, and probably will make them worse. We shall have new men in power, but it is hardly likely that we shall have any new policy. Most of the measures which Mr. DIBBS has announced as those which the Government intend to submit to the House are measures which any Government would take in hand, and there is nothing to show that the present Government are not as capable of conducting them through Parliament as any other set of men would be. It cannot be to the advantage of the country for Parliament to bring about a change of Government simply for the purpose of introducing to power men whose chief desire is place and those members who are called independent, for the reason that they do not announce themselves as directly associated with either the party in power or the party in active opposition, should consider well their first duty in the new Assembly. In their hands the issue lies, and if they be true to the creed they profess of " measures not men, they will not condemn Mr. DIBBS and his colleagues simply because they are in office, as those who desire to fill the places of the present Government would have them do ; but will accord to the Government that fair play which the PREMIER on Saturday asked for, and only attempt to reject them from office when their policy is likely to be injurious to the country, and they can be replaced by men whose services as Ministers of the Crown will be of greater benefit to the public. By acting in that manner independent members will be true to the obligations of their position, they will con- form to the wishes of the better portion of their constituents, and they will best serve the interest of the whole country. The voice of the Murrumbidgee was more like that of the country than was the voice of St. Leonards, and Parliament AS ill not act unwisely by so considering it. As well as the return of the PREMIER, we have now that of the MINISTER FOR JUSTICE and the MINISTER FOR WORKS. Both can claim that not only they, but the Ministry with which they have identified themselves, have the confidence of their constituents, and so much at least the PREMIER will be entitled to remind the House, Two or three days ago an announcement was made that it is the intention of the Government to re-lay a portion of the tramway line to the Redfern station with 701. rails, and on Friday last we published an extract from a well-known English scientific newspaper, in which the tramway system of the colony was condemned in the strongest language. The newspaper says that there can scarcely be conceived the possibility of a more complete example of imprudence in the incep- tion, of extravagance and blundering in the carrying out, and of lamentable failure in the results, than the Sydney tramways afford." Every detail of the system is declared to be bad ; but the locomotive department comes in for the severest censure. That is held to be the source of all the mischief, and the steam motors are denounced in unsparing terms. There are some fragments of truth in the fierce criticism, and the last report of the COMMISSIONER, and the experiment that it is proposed to make on the line to Redfern, are the proof of the fact. But, if the criticism contains some truth, it also contains a mass of errors. As a social institution our tramways are a great success ; but as a financial speculation they threaten to become a failure. The immense patronage they have received from the beginning proves that they are popular and except they were to be replaced by railways, the people would not allow them to be abolished. The one drawback to them is that, although the number of passengers carried is constantly increasing, the revenue on most of the lines at least is steadily diminish- ing. Undoubtedly the largeness of the working expenses is the cause of this. And the problem to be solved is how to reduce those expenses to reasonable proportions. In the Railway Report for last year the COMMISSIONER suggests the re-laying of all the lines, substituting longitudinal iron sleepers for the transverse wooden ones, and 701. rails for those now in use. The cost of this work he estimates would be about £200,000. The experiment that is going to be made embraces a portion of this suggestion, and it is hoped that the use of the heavy rail will give the result which the Government desire But it is more than probable that the hope will be disappointed. What has increased the working expenses to the present extravagant rates is the large outlay for repairing the streets on which the tramways are laid. But substituting heavy rails for light ones will not appreciably diminish the wear and tear to the streets. So long as the present rolling stock is employed the streets must suffer, and the working expenses be extravagant. Probably the true solution of the problem would be found in the adoption of lighter motors and cars than those we possess. If the experiment of the 701. rail should not succeed, we shall be compelled either to procure lighter rolling stock, or get rid of the trams altogether. 