. ' The electors of Shoalhaven are again, by tho provisions of law relating to tho dura tion of 'Parliaments, .called upon to make their choice of representative iu the supreme . ?. council of the country. At tho time we ?write tliero is no proof before us that more than one candidate will seek the vote of the electors of this district; but it is well to treat matters of this kind as if a contest was to be, until tho nomination is over. Just| now, however, -we shall confine our observa tions to the elections, and the claims our late member has upon the district for continued support. As to tho elections, some complain as to what thpy term the indecent haste with 'which these important issueB must be de termined by the people. This practice of compelling electors to make a hasty choice ' , would indeed bo reprehensible, if it became a custom. Many reasons could be urged against precipitating that deliberation which \- vis, or should be, the most important de termination which any man. can be called ?upon to do. And let us hope that, if there be little reason for giving more time at the present dissolution, the course adopted by the present Administration will not belaid down as a precedent for issuing future writs of election. As to the present bearing of tho question of a precipitated election upon this or any other part of the colony, how ever, there is more to be said against it than for it — tho question of precedent alone excepted. The elections have been pre maturely forced by a clamorous and dis organised Opposition — a party of men who scrupled not to blast the reputation of this young colony by condoning one of the grossest slanders and libels ever uttered concerning any set of men ; a party who scrupled not to tread the honour of their country under foot, so long as the condoning of falsehood and defamation opened place ? - -and pay to the debased and unscrupulous ?detractors. Under these circumstances — seeing that the issue before the country is largely one of men, and not one of measures — the electors should already be familiar with the recent history of the men and their nominees who have forced on the question of im or olds. For ourselves, there is one or two phases of it that pleases us. First : ?we have always deemed it as trifling with our political interests to so date our writs of election as to make our hustings a final resort for the political outcasts of all the metropolitan and suburban electorates. To some extent we, on the present oocasion, are liable to such a menacing of our political peace ; but the fact that our nomination day js only two days after the metropolitan polls imimmiee6 the dangers of mischief from the ;sotirce named. Then again, so far as our .district is concerned, a contest of short .duration is desirable. We are an industrial (?population, and we are, geographically, so iSiit up into holes and corners as to have sufficient local strife and division without having our time taken up, and our irritable political tempers ruffled by unduly long triennial contests. Now, as to our late member, Mr. F. T. . jauuipnery, wno is again sbemug our votes jve claitp for him that he has, as far as it was possible for any single individual in a Parliament of 11 3. .to. do,, redeemed every pledge he gave us upon the hustings nearly three years ago.- The Land Act has yet had scarcely 'any trial ; but even some of its stoutest enemies admit that it is an improve ment upon the Act which it displaced ; and those who read Mr. Humphery's first and succeeding addresses to the electors of this district will perceive how largely his pro posals are embodied in the existing Act. : But those who seek to discredit Mr. Humphery will endeavor to do so chiefly on pnrty grounds, the first being that he supported the Stuart- Administration. They will repeat mu'oh of the claptrap employed by Sir Henry Parkes about figures and taxation, a subject whioh brings no credit to Sir Henry Parkes' name — nor, indeed, to some of his erstwhile followers. Let those party men who oppose Mr. Humphery, simply because they opposed him once before, consider for themselves with a dis passionate judgment, and if they find aught' in his political doings that satisfy them not, let thoni question him, and they will got a candid answer. To those who ask, What has ho dono for the district. ? we reply that ' lie hns given, and the Government, whom . . Ih'b oppoiioh'ts'will seek to discredit, did, by Mr. -Humpht-ry's influence, give more to this _ district at one stroke than the total aggregate ? preceding expenditure obtained for this district since it became an electorate. This sounds like extravagant statemont ; but when we call attention to the vote of £804,000 for tho extension of tho railway to | Jervis Bay our affirmation is rnducod to a I tangible fact. Is thero an elector who can j 6ay Mr. Humphery has reftisod to do all that in fairness could be expected of him in ! personal or political matters? Let him sift his j complaint to the bottom, and truth should | satisfy him. Lastly, we cimnsol the electors not to be excited or foiled by side issues. This is one of the tides in our political affairs which if taken at tho flood will lead to industrial and commercial fortune. Eejectthe man who by untold struggle procured you the money for tho benefits of railway com muuicrtion, and you will throw away yonr own interests, and help to place men in power who have dono, and will again do, their best to keep the railway out of tho district. One of the most pointed questions which every man interested in the progress and welfare of the district should put to Mr. Humphery or any other candidate who may be iu the field, is this one : ' Will you sup port any Administration of which Sir Henry Pnrkes is Premier ?' If the candidate or candidates say 'yes,' or 'not unless Sir Henry promises to spend our railway vote,' the electors should with united voice and hand reject the man. Ever since its first inception Sir Henry Parkes has been one of its bitterest and most unreasoning enemies of the progress of Illawarra and the South Coast in its railway — (with one notable ex ception, which we shall mention presently). He is naturally obtuse in figures, so much so that the hon. gentleman's chief misfor tunes in private life are a proof of how hope lessly mixed he becomes whenever there is a question of the smallest balancing of debtor and creditor account. Being thus naturally obfuscated in the mathematics of money, Sir Henry has vehemently, aye stoutly, if not riotously, opposed the Illawarra Eailway. On one notable occasion he stepped partly across the floor of the House to beard Cap tain Charles for advocating tbe Illawarra line ; and again, he condemned our vote of £804,000 in unspairing terms, and de nounced all the members who voted for it as guilty of bribery and corruption. In fact so shocked were the honest commercial susceptibilities of this just man at the bribery and corruption going on in Parlia ment, to support a Government of which he was not a memoer, in malting reproductive railways, that he left the Chamber with the wails and imprecations of a man who would never return. So much for Sir Henry Parkes' opposition to our Illawarra Eailway on two distinct occasions, when the line was proposed while his hand was not on the Treasury locker. But it will be said that the first vote was put on the Estimates by his and Sir John Robertson's Government. To be sure it was. But mark, that Sir Henry Parkes had then ?peacocked all the coal lands available on the South Coast / That puts a new complexion on Sir Henry's apparently altered views when iu a very brief time he headed a Cabinet that put the money on the Estimnces for a line for tho inception of which the hon. Knight was but a short time previously about to assault felloe Ms.P. With these facts the state of matters as regards Sir Henry and the Illa warra Eailway may be understood. But why again did Sir Henry oppose, in very strong language, the vote to extend the railway into Shoalhaven ? Why did he so vehemently oppose that which he, as his friends would say, so well begun ? Surely there would be no egregious political sin iu extending the line to its legitimate limits ? Let us look for facts again. Sir Henry went on two roving commissions to the old lands. First with a grand flourish of trumpets as Premier and Colonial Secretary of the 'oldest and richest' of the Australian Group. Thus he became intimately known and well published — none the less by his clumsy attempt ' to teach his grandmamma to suck eggs,' when the Secretary of State for the Colonies let him down so very gently. Well Sir Henry, the Colonial Secretary and Premier, returned to the colony a discredited man for the imprudence he exhibited in high places- as representing this country. But Sir Henry had become known. What was to be done with those little preserves of coal land on the South Coast ? Sir Henry would go home again, and woo the canny Scots to buy shares in his big bonanza. The pawlcie Scotchmen listened, but were not to be had just exactly on this occasion. Sir Henry the stock broker returned, with another lesson in finance, a financially wiser, it is to he hoped, but ccrtainly not a monetarily richer man by his coal bonanza. Weil what comes next on the scene ? Why wo j q:_ tt ? a ? ? ..i ? ...i ... uiiu kjll uou utsiiuuiiuiu^ tuo piupuaui iu construct the very railway the proposed con struction of which he made the big point of in his prospectus before the pawhio Scotchmen of Glsagow. If the Coal Company had floated — if it had not been discovered that the coal on Sir Henry's land was absolutely useless for fuel purposes, and therefore un marketable at any price — are we not to con clude that Sir Henry would not have opposed our railway vote ? Let those who wish to' soe our railway extended, vote for no one that will condone such conduct as we havo related above. Since writing the foregoing, we have defi nitely heard that Mr. W. Eraser- Martin, of Sydney, has been induced to contest the representation in Parliament of this elector ate. So far as the personal and private character of Mr. Martin may be taken into the reckoning in the issue before tho' electors, there is, we believe, perhaps little difference between him and our late member; and Mr. Mai tin assures us that so far as he is personally concerned the points at issue be tween himself and Mr. Humphery are solely and purely political ; that in fact as between tbe candidates named the contest will be very much' of the nature of a friendly action at law. We feel, therefore, the more free to counsel electors as to the nature of Mr. Martin's candidature ; but as we are not yet iu possession of Mr. Martiu's politicol pro gramme, we can only surmise the direction liis opposition to our late member will take. We shall therefore simply assume that he coines to the fore on this occasion, at the i instigation of tho Opposition, and by in vita- i tion of a majority at least of those who were ) opposed, unsuccessfully, to tho candidature i of Mr. Humphery at the preuediug Guuei'ul I Election. It is with regret, on personal (.'rounds, wo feel ourselves bound to opposo the candidature of Mr, Martin ; but upon tho same grou'ds that he feels himself at liberty to seek tho suffrages of electors here, we claim tho same right of tho same freedom of dealing with his probable views and inten tions, while acknowledging our senao of his personal worth as a citizen, a business man, and a private friend. Firstly, then, we shall premise, that Mr. Martin comes as a critic of tho past Adminis tration — the Stuart-Farncdl Government. But electors will be inclined to question, what good to them, or indeed to tho country, can result from a policy of criticism. It is in human nature to find fault. Wo liavoall too keen an eye in private life as well as in public conduct ; too keen au oya to tho veal or imnginnry faults of our neigh bourt ; and like the parson's clerk, a very strong mind that wo cuu do better than he does until wo try it. There are, however, many trite pro verbs in our language as to tho soundness of the policy of — as it is put by one great mind — bearing with the ills wo have than flying to others we know not of. Viewing the political conflict in other electorates, and taking the forecast of what the Opposition intend to wage it ou, as given in their throe weeks' phllipic after the open ing of Parliament, we premise Mr. Martin will liere ' resurrect' tho Soudan Contin gent. the standard paint, the wire fences, the Hudson water contract, Minister Wright as Government carrier, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, ad libitum. The Lands Aot, too, and the re construction Ministry and the £17,000,000 borrowed — partly to complete the Shoal haven railway — will afford much matter for many volleys, dense smoke, but no killed, wounded, or missing. In truth, if electors be on the alert at nil, they will not allow these ghosts of other days and of other fights to be used as foils to shelter the miserable and discredited remnant of our Opposition, that has no policy of its own to replace the sound one it would batter down ; an Opposition which condoned one of the falsest and blackest libels ever uttered of the country, in order that its minions should get their hands into the Treasury chest. Yes : when the common sense and common decency of Parliament, to save the credit of the country, sought to condemn the ungracious words of Sir Henry Parkes when resigning his sent for the Omega of his route at the preceding general election, the Opposition of which Mr. Martin comes as apologist, sheltered the arch slanderer of Parliament, and of tho people who made it. Not only did the Oppositionists, the obstruc tionists, condone the offence of their erst while chief, but they emulated his dis creditable example by — as in the case of Lieut. Mulholland, cruellj and skullcingly, behind the safe retreat of dishonoured Parliamentary privilege, — slandering private and unprotected gentlemen. What an example for young Australians ! What a chapter for the future reudeis of our histoty ! Alas for the memory of an illustrious ancestry, and a bequest of blood-bought liberties, trodden down iu the dust and din of a house of scandal-raougors on tin* shores of historic Botany Bay. Docs thoir apologist speak? Shall we listen to him but by our votes to counsel the good man not to be again lured at a weak moment to betray his better judgment. Pbobably no. question that will be dis cussed during the present contest is so capable of being discredited as the new Lands Act. Apparently novel in its local administration ; as yet scarcely familiar to the officers who work it ; the local feeling being personal, and the view taken narrow, it will be easy to discredit the new Act. One of the faults found with tho Act is that the selector douB not get possession as quickly as he could under tho old Act. He hos to peg, trench, file notices, etc., and a Board has to decide whether the selector ia fid have the land or not. Well now this is exactly what the gold minor has to do, and has always had to do. Itis simply an expedient to identify the particular laud sought for; and -when there is a pressure of selection this course is absolutely necessarv in order to avoid liti gation. Benders will probably roniembor the uotorious Supreme Court suit Emory v. Barclay. If tho system of pegging and trenching had then been as now a necessary preliminary, that action would never have been occasioned. Likewise selectors would not be told 12 or 15 months after beginning to occupy their holdings that their selection was ou a reserve, and that they must decamp forthwith. With all these cases before their very eyes in this district, how can reasoning men complain of being asked to do what the gold-diggers always did ? Then as to the fencing complaint. Is it not known tliut squatter's dummies and blackmailers or impounders of squatter's cattle and sheep were in the habit of erecting, moveable iron houses on runs, on the one hand to dummy land for the squatter aud on the other to make capital out of impounding squatter's stock ? The fences, then, do away with this to a large extent. We cannot get a law for every class of circumstances, nor for every class of men. It is, moreover, to be remembered that the present Act was passed by uearly, if not quite, two to' one of the representatives of the people ; and it is they, and not the late Government, who arc responsible for i s existen-e. Tlio' same', applies to uearly every other charge form it'* luted by the Opposition. The slanders' were in every instance exploded, after a too free | discussion, by a tivo-to-oue vote of-- tho representatives of the people. Another subject of much verbosity by Sir Henry Parkes is the extensive borrowing.of our Government. It is to be remembered, however, that the borrowing power for much of the loans was obtained by the hon. knight's own Administration. But, most of all is it to be noted that the money borrowed is to be exponded on railways ; and that these are such a good property that London capitalists are ready to buy them at any time at a handsome profit to the country. Our own railway depends entirely ou these loans; he who condemns loans seeks to hamper the progress not only of this district', but of the whole colony. It is not retrospectively our eves should be turned on this occasion, but prospectively we should glance. The past is known to ns. Let us rather ask our new wooers whether they intend to give us bread or a stone, if we ask them for help when they get iuto power. ' Who is Mr. Bond?' is a question fre ju intly put during the past few days ; and indeed for our part wo are unable to answer it. Mr. Bond may be a very good man, and nble to boss tho other candidates all ronnd ho compass of political knowledge'; but he -*.*?- 4' must labour under the disadvantage of being a stranger. If, however, perodventuro,. ho should appear npon the scene of conflict on Thursday, and present a shining armour, an ably wielded vocal fachion, and the bearing of a Rir knight, ho may win his spurs in another field or at a future 'contest. Then at least he would not be a stranger. . But if perchance Mr. Boud -be another nominee of I tho Opposition aud obstruction aud slandor party, and 'Like girl's imagination, . .Make golden gods of wol'tlili'Es clay,' then wo should serenade him a la Patience. ' Gentle, Sir, although to choose wo do design (Hey but lie's liupeful — Willow Willow Waly I) As yet we do not know you, and so wc mast decline. Hey Willow Waly O ! To other hutl-tiiy* up you. As yet wo do not know ynn, llry Willow Waly 0 !' 