WYLLARD'S WEIRD. A NOVEL. By M. E. BE,ADD ON, Authoress of "Lady Audley's Secret,1' "Phantom 1'ortune," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the authoress. All rights reserved.] Chapter II.—After the Inquest. ( Continued.) And now the gossips were ail tuli ot pity tor the widower's loss and loneliness—a poor bereaved creature living in a lonely old Grange, with a young sister, the twin daughters, just four years old, and an ancient maiden lady who looked after the sister, the children, the house, and the servants; and in her own person represented the genius of thrift, propriety, prudence, wisdom, and all the domestic virtues. People in the neighborhood of Bodmin, and his old friends at Plymouth, all thought and talked of Mr. Heathcote as born down by the weight of his bereavement, and all hoped that he would soon marry again. The Spaniards lay in a valley between Bod min-road station and Penmorval. It lay on Bothwell's road to his cousin's house, and he had thus no excuse for parting company with the coroner had he been so inclined. The old wrought-iron gate between grey granite pillars, each crowned with the escutcheon of tire Heathcotes, stood wide open, and the snug rose and myrtle curtained cottage by the gate had as sleepy an air in the summer evening as if had been a lodge at the gate of the Sleeping Beauty's enchanted domain. Even the old trees, the great Spanish chesnuts with their masses of foliage, had a look of having outgrown all reason in a century of repose. No prodigal son had laid the spend thrift's axe to the good old trees around the the birthplace of the Heathcotes. There was only the extent of a wide paddock and a lawn between the hall door and that grand old gateway; and the house, though substantial and capacious, hardly pretended to the dignity of a mansion. It was long and low and rambling— a house of many small rooms, queer winding passages, innumerable doors and windows, and low, heavily-timbered ceilings; a house in which strange visitors and their servants were given to seeing ghosts and hearing unearthly noises of gloomy and funereal significance—albeit the family Had jogged on quietly enough from generation to generation without any inter ference from the spirit world. People coming from brand-new houses in Earl's Court or Turnham Green protested that the Spaniards must be haunted; and shuddered every time the mice scampered behind the panelling or the wind sighed amidst the branches of those leafy towers that girdled lawn and meadow. Bothwell thought that Mr. Heathcote would leave him at the gate of the Spaniards. "Good-mglit," he said, somewhat shortly. " I'll go on to Penmorval -with you, and hear what impression the inquest made upon Wyllard," said the other. " It's not half past seven yet—your cousin will be able to spare me a few minutes before dinner. Bothwell walked on without a word. Ten minutes brought them to the gates of Penmor val, by far the lordlier domain, with a history that involved noblest traditions. But that ancient race for which Penmorval had been built, for whose sons and daughters it had grown in grandeur and dignity as the cen turies rolled along—of ihcsc there remained 110 more than the echo of a vanished renown— they were gone, verily like a tale that is told, and the parvenu banker, the man who had grown rich by his own intellect and his own industry—naturallv a verv inferior person— reigned in their stead. Penmorval seemed not quite so dead asleep as Heathcote Grange,[alias the Spaniards. In tli6 s\\\ 6ct stillness of tlie summer evening Bothwell and his companion heard voices women's voices—familiar and pleasant to the ears of botln Mrs. Wyllard was strolling in the avenue with a young lady by her side, a girl in a white gown and a large leghorn hat; tall, slight, graceful of form, and fair of face—a girl who fave a little cry of pleased surprise at seeing leathcote. "Iwas just rushing home, Edward,"' she said, " for fear I should keep you waiting for dinner." "Indeed, Hilda. J Then I can only say that your idea of rushing is my idea of sauntering," her brother answered, smiling at the girlish face as he shook hands with Mrs. Wyllard. What did Mr. Wyllard think of th _ in quest?" he asked. "You have seen him, I suppose ?" "Only for a minute as lie drove by to the house, v.-hile Hilda and I were walking in the avenue. Why, -Bothwell, how fagged and ill you look," exclaimed Mrs. Wyllard, looking at iter cousin. "Only bored," answered Bothwell, which was not complimentary to the companion of Iris long walk. "But you look positively exhausted, poor fellow," pursued Dora pityingly. "Why didn't you come back in the dogcart ? There was room for you." "I wanted to be alone." "And I wanted company," said Heat!icote, laughing, " so I inflicted my society upon an unwilling companion. Very bad manners, 110 doubt." "I am afraid you got the worst of the bar gain," muttered Bothwell, with a sullen look, at which Hilda's blue eyes opened wide with wonder. "Doyou know, Mr. Heathcote,_ an idle life does not agree with my cousin," said Dora. " I never know what it is to be weary of 1'en niorval or the country round, but for the. last three or four weeks Bothwell has behaved as if he hated the place, and could find neither rest nor amusemc-ut within twenty miles of us. He is perpetually moving oft' to Plymouth or to London." "I wish women would take to reading their dictionaries instead of cramming their heads with other women's novels," exclaimed Both well savagely, "for then perhaps they might have some idea of the meaning of words. When you say I run up to Loudon perpetually, Dora, I suppose you mean that I have been there twice—011 urgent business, by-the-way—within the last five weeks." "And to Plymouth at least a dozen times," protested Dora. "All I can say is that you are my idea of perpetual motion." "I know you are hardly ever at home, Mr. Graliame," said Hilda, backing up her friend. They strolled towards the house as they talked", and half way along the avenue they met the master of Penniorval, correctly attired in sober evening dress, with a light overcoat worn loosely above his faultless black. "How do you do, Heathcote? Do you know, Dora, that it is ten minutes to eight? You'll stop and dine with us, of course," added Julian Wyllard cordially. " You refused last night, but now Hilda is here, and you have no excuse for goiug home." " I only came to afternoon tea," said Hilda. "And you and my wife have been gossiping from five o'clock until now. Deepest mystery of social life, what two women can find to talk about for three mortal hours in the depths of a rural seclusion like this!" "A mystery to a man who cannot imagine that women either think or read," retorted Dora, taking her husband's arm. "You men have a fixed idea that your wives and sisters have only two subjects of conversation—gowns and servants. Of course you will stay and dine, Mr. Heathcote. I am not going to dress for dinner, so please don't look at your frock-coat as if that were an insuperable obstacle. You and Hilda are going to stop whether you like it or not." "You know we always like to be here," said Hilda, in her low, sweet voice. She stole a little shy look at Bothwell, as if wondering what he thought of the matter ; but Bothwell's countenance was inscrutable. Hilda was pained but not surprised by his manner. He had changed to her so strangely within the last few months—he who half a year ago had been so kind, so attentive. She was not angry—she was not vain enough to wonder that a man should begin by earing for her a little, and then leave off caring for her all at once and relapse into absolute indifference. She supposed that such fickleness was a common attribute of the superior sex. They all went to the house and through a glass "door into the large low drawing-room, where the butler immediately announced dinner. The two ladies had only time to take off their hats before they went into the dining room. They were both in white, and there was a grace in Dora Wyllard's simple gown, a cluster of roses half hidden by the folds of an Indian muslin fichu, a swan- like throat rising from a liaze of delicate lace, which was more attractive than the costliest toilet ever imported from Pai-is to be the wonder of a court ball. Yes, she was still of all women Edward Heathcote had ever known the most gracious, the niost beautiful. Those seven years of a happy married life had ripened her beauty, had given a shade of thouglitfukiess to the matron's dark eyes, the low wide brow, the perfect mouth, but had not robbed the noble countenance of a single charm. The face of the wife was nobler than the face of the girl. It was the face of a woman who lived for another rather than for her own happiness, the face of a woman superior to all feminine frivolity, and yet in all tilings most womanly. Edward Heathcote sighed within himself as lie took his place beside his hostess in the subdued light of the old panelled room, a warm light from lamps that hung low on the table, under rose-colored shades, umbrella-shaped, spreading a luminous glow over silver and glass and flowers, and leaving the faces of the guests somewhat in shadow. He sighed as he thought how sweet life would have been for him had this woman remained true to her first love. For she had loved him once. Eight years ago they two had clasped hands, touched lips, as affianced lovers. He could never forget what she had been to him, or what she might have been. He sat at her husband's table in all loyalty of soul, in staunch friendship. He would have cut liis heart out rather than de base himself or Dora by one guilty thought. Yet he could but remember these things had been. The two ladies left almost immediately after dinner, and Bothwc-ll sauntered out into the garden directly afterwards. Not to rejoin them, as he would have done a few months ago, but to smoke the cigar of solitude in a walk beside a crumbling old red wall and a long narrow border of hollyhocks, tall, gigantic, yellow, and crimson, and white, and pink. There were fruit trees 011 the other side of the wall, which was supported with tremen dous buttresses at intervals of twenty feet or so, and about wall and buttressss climbed clematis and passion flower, jasmine, yellow and white, and the great crimson trumpet of the bignonia. The banker and the lawyer sat silently for a few minutes, Julian "Wyllard occupied in the choice of a cigar from a case which he had first offered to his guest, and then Edward Heath cote asked him what he thought of the inquest. " I thought it altogether unsatisfactory," answered Wyllard. "You did your best to thrash out a few facts, but those fools of rail way people had nothing to tell worth hearing. Everybody knows that the poor creature fell off the train—or was thrown off. What we want to find out is whether there was foul play in the business." " It is my belief that there was," said Heath cote, looking at him fixedly in the dim diffi cult light, almost as unsatisfactory for such a scrutiny as the changeful glow of the fire. "And mine," answered the banker ; " and so strong is my conviction upon this point that I stopped at the post-office on my way home and telegraphed to my old friend George Distin, asking him to come down and help us to solve the mystery." "Do you mean the famous criminal lawyer." "Whom else should I mean? He and I were schoolfellows. I have asked him to stop at Penniorval while he carries on his investiga tion." 