A LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON. [FROM OUR OWN COR RESPONDENT.] LONDON, NOV. 23 the This addendum of a season pleases no one. There are no shady trees to sit under from which in lazy indifference to watch the social kaleidoscope revolve, no conversational riding parties, no Hurlingham no anything in short that belongs not only to the season proper but to the summer. Still London, is full, which means that society is numerically represented, and as dances are few and far between dinners fill the gaps. Women, as a rule, don't like big dinners. They are apt to get flashed. Then the exigencies of etiquette must probably provide them with uncongenial partners, and, as a rule, unless in case of a carefully sifted dinner of eight, the conversation is sure to take a turn more suited to the sterner sex. Gossip is bad form at a mixed table and dangerous ; Art, Literature, and Science are difficult ground to tread without knowledge ; so hunting and racing and the stage supply material. However, there has been a walking craze, and in the bright cold days the streets have been gay with well-dressed women, shopping. Time short capes are worn by almost least by nearly all. They suit the present style of dressing. The mantle shaped furs are very graceful, but strange to say they do not take. We were told the other day that furs were responsible for much of the rheumatism and neuralgia so prevalent, and that seal-skin in particular sinned in this direction. The small bonnets are blamed for facial neuralgia. Guilty or not guilty, they hold the field against all comers. Still a pretty little shape is gradually taking root. It is much hollowed out behind, showing the hair, and though close and small the brim is slightly elevated, and generally bordered with jet, or gold colour. It is odd how fund Lady Burdett Coutts is of pale colours, pale blue in especial. At Lady Borthwick's, a fortnight ago, she wore a blue broche satin with white lace, and looked in consequence faded and worn. Women of a certain age, unless fair, well preserved and plump, ought always to wear dark colours. The pearl embroidery, so much in request, has a wonderful night effect. On white satin it is absolutely luminous. It should be encouraged, as it gives employment to many poor ladies. ' Plush petticoats are greatly in favour. Everything depends upon the shape, as, unless they sit as well as a glass shade over an ornament, they are discomfort in- tensified. The best cut of skirt that we know of is that of the Scientific Dress Cutting Association at Regent Circus. Sitting, standing, or walking, it is fault loss. The polonaise to wear with plush skirts ought to be of light material. Deep crimson in plush for the skirt, and men's cloth or cashmere for the " upper,'' in a shade or two lighter, are admirable. P fish for mantles, too, is quite the thing. That of wool, only gives the b st wear, and to our mind is richer looking, it never creases. Silk plush takes every impression. With the former yon can take all sorts of liberties travel in it, lounge in it get it wet, sat upon, crashed into your box, or rolled up and carried in a strap-all without injury. Just shake it out, and there it is as fresh and elastic as a daisy. Try the same treatment with silk plush, and then look at your face in a glass. It would be easier to categorise modes not worn than to give even a bald summary of those seen every day at kirk or at market. Science in horticulture can produce almost any variety in colour green roses, oven, are possible. At balls and entertainments they are liberally used, mixed with natural blooms, and scented with the essence of the flowers they simulate. At a late ball the floral decorations alone cost £300. At Luton Hall, at the ball given by the widow of Mr. Gerard Leigh, and wife of the Danish ambassador, they cost even more. It was a princely entertainment. The suite of reception rooms thrown open were 178 feet in length, and all were lighted by, the electric light, from the battery of Mr. Holmes. This battery is called the Holmes Burke battery. It is portable, and carried in quite a small box. Mr. Holmes had been making experiments from time to time, trying to discover a light that would burn without the aid of machinery. One night, sitting among his chemicals, he noticed that one burner inparticulargave a steady and continuous light. He sat and watched. It remained in flame for forty hours, and he knew he had made a great discovery. He secured it by patent, and now has formed a small syndicate which, when the process has been fairly proved, will result in a large company. At present a good many" of the public are smarting under losses incurred by a too hasty patronage of electric light companies, and not Jupiter himself could form another just now. Mr. Holmes is, however, light- ing large country houses, not merely temporarily, for entertainments, but for a permanency. His battery can be used by a commonly intelligent servant, and there is no machinery. A very large house can be " fixed up" for £70 in the country it can be done cheaper. The fire insurance companies are trembling, as of course the electric flame cannot set fire to anything. If railway directors had fewer gas shares, railway carriages would soon have the benefit of this invaluable discovery. Clubs are adopting it. It costs more than gas ; but as clubs each year have to go to great expense in getting their ceilings and walls cleansed from the impurities generated by gas, they will save in the end. Very few large clubs are painted and cleansed each year under £1,000. The two social sensations of the week past have been in the High Court of Justice, wherein two great law lords played a part. Some time ago the Times, we believe, had an advertisement which caused a flutter of excitment. It was to the effect that the daughter of the Lord Chief Justice of England being allowed by her unnatural parent only £12 a year on which to dress, was desirous of obtaining some remunerative employment. There was a difference of opinion between the Lord Chief Justice and his discontented child-hence the appearance of Mr. Adams as plaintiff, and the whole catastrophe. An intelligent jury found that Mr. Bernard Coleridge, the writer of the libellous letter, was wholly in the wrong ; but a higher intelligence, in the shape of Mr. Justice Manisty, who tried the case, found that the jury was wrong and the letter privileged, so gave judgment for the latter, with costs. Well, Mr. Adams, who conducted his own case, has had his revenge. He has exposed the rather peculiar domestic arrangements of a very exalted household, and satisfactorily proved Mr. B. Coleridge to be, to say the least, indiscreet. He takes his white elephant" without a penny. The second sensation was Miss Fortescue's breach of promise case. She has found that " kind hearts are more than coro- acts we do not finish the quotation, as it does not apply and rumour has it that being off with the new love she is once more on with the old, who has magnanimously forgiven the pretty waitress. It is, however, whispered that Lord Garmoyle is on his way home, and that it is just possible he may save his £10,000 yet, should Miss Fortescue prove as for- giving as her millionaire lover. The wonderful composition in which his youthful lordship announced his obliga- tion to break faith with his fiancee bears the stamp of a cool judgment. It is said that on the back of this effusion a P.S. was added, which was not read in court, and that it ran thus : "Is it not read my own darling, that we have to part The letters, all of them, excepting Lady Cairns simple, motherly, and womanly one, were melo-dramatic, high falutin, and insincere. The public has had them, and the public was meant to have them. The new comedy at the Gaiety owes its inspiration to this story. It is called Hearts and Actresses. Mr. Wilson Barrett's Hamlet continues to fill the Princess's. The piece is splendidly got up- miss-en-scene,player«, all. But the chief attraction is Mr. Barrett, whose forcible entering of the mysterious Dane deserves the appreciation it has received. This fine actor has a refined physique, and an air of quiet dignity that fits him specially for roles that require force as well as subtlety. His denunciation of the Kim? is remarkably fine ; the scene with his mother, where he is torn as it were in two, anguish for the cruelly murdered father, sorrow and shame for her is a triumph of psv'-hoWi-'al rendering. Miss Eastlake, as Ophelia,'' is a decided success she is "Lanena," in fact. What the travesty preparing for the Gaiety will do of sacrilege makes one's blood run cold to anticipate ! Such a travesty is hardly legitimate. It is, however, fortunate that one generally attends the original first, and seldom again after its burlesque. Some one writes an elaborate paper in the St James's Gazette discussing the question, " Wasn't * Hamlet ' a woman 9'' The writer says, " No incident of plot is more frequent, not only with Shakespeare, but with all the Elizabethan dramatists, than that of concealed sex." Hence, he argues, the quiet acquiescence of " Hamlet " in his uncle's usurpation of t ethrm;-no usurpation if "Hamlet" were a woman, as in Denmark the Salic law prevails. The hypothesis is worked out in minute detail, and ingeniously ; we confess to have had enough of Hamlet off the stage. There was more than once a suppressed laugh at the recurrence of well-known lines of the text, such as " Oh, my prophetic soul, raine uncle." Mr. Barrett, to turn the edge, apparently, interpolated " it is " more uncle. Then, " There needs no ghost, my lord, come from the grave to tell us this," and " I'll follow thee." Hamlet, more than any of Shakespeare's plays, is full of passages hackneyed by quotation, and, therefore, risky when recurring in tragic moments. A It is a very pretty play," said an army sent female, only very full of quota- tions." Tile Private Secretary is draw 1 in-.; immensely, and richly rewarding the brave Brothers Hawtree. People come home from it, and fall asleep with a broad grin on their faces. Miss Mulock (Mrs. Craig has dramatised her popular novel, A Life for a Life and the public will soon have an opportunity of tasting its quality. A successful play is a fortune, and now-a-days everyone with either brains or impudence has a try for a fortune. A great deal is being done in the East End of London just now. That sad locality supplies an object for ladies with money, position, and will, and an object, after all, is what such women want. Once thoroughly awake, they are eating Masts. Next to immorality in results of seriousdeieriorationin this physique of the riding generation stand early marriages. These are contracted in the East End at Oriental ages-that is to say youths of 17 and 18 are already fathers of families. One lad of 17 has three children. Mar- riage at such an age is a satire on the institution, and a paternal government oug it to say, " No." Impecunious nobility, and rich nobility, too, try each. There is a' a deal " to be made out of hansoms. Lord Lonsdale steps out of his rank on to the cabby" rank, and is represented at various ranks pretty numerously. The Lonsdale's took the lead in this new departure ; Lord Shrewsbury followed suit, and makes a tidy addendum to his income by the obliging trade. So do his Graue of Marlborough, and the Marquis of Salisbury. However, this aristocratic innovation has re 4 in ted in the improvement of the vehicles. some of which are really magnificent. Besides hansoms, the Earl- dom of Lonsdale owns no less than forty livings in the Established Church, of an aggregate value of £10,000 a-year. There are, at least, 50,000 persons dependent for the appointment of their spiritual pastors upon the Earl of Lonsdale, who, it is hoped, lives up to his responsibility. We wonder if his Lordship is as well up in spiritual matters as the small daughter of a rural Presbyterian minister, who went into her father's study in his absence to interview an " anxious inquirer " waiting there, and delivered herself as follows: ". If it's anything about your soul, I'll maybe do as well as father, for I know the whole plan of salvation by heart." 