CURRENT TOPICS. j Viet encouraging reports continuo to be received from the Heyteabury forest with regard to ths steps being taken to- I wards ths extermination of rabbits in thst part of Hamptlenahire. Many selectors are making all preparations for the erection of rabbit proof fences, whicn means is generally regarded aa the be»t and cheap est in the end to secure the possible ulti mate) extermination of the peat. There will be more poisoning done this year than on any previous occasion, consequent upon tha success achieved last year by Mr. P. M'Arthur and others. It is grati fying to find thst those who hsve recently purchased holdings in the forest, and especially those who have obtained some of the once notorious " Bank* land, are in the van in the matter of rabbit ei'ennine tion, and judging from the energies now being put forth by these, they ratcoarnise the mss-nitude of the evil with which they seek to cope. There are still a tew land owners, however, who are not taking all necessary steps to exterminate-the pasts, bsrt in the event of fft-e* nsglscting to perform their duty, tha Rabbit loapector -rill' doubtless see 'tVy hasp {mob with their neighbors in this important matter. Tas meeting to have been held on' Wt- dneedsy night of the' Osmperdnsni Rile Club was adjourned fnr another weak, in consequence of the aadltors not having complwted their laboia. A'TSr*'su*'r'S*r*Wa*B*trV s-ssa complained that on the way hem Campeivjown to Geelong by the Brit train on Wedneaday, the lampa were removed at from all tha carriages excepting those compartments set apart for ladies. Great inconvenience was thereby caused snd I pssacntfera had to grope) about in the dark for over an hour, greatly to the discomfort of all concerned. Thisqueetion wssreferred to in Wednesday's issue, snd we stated therein that some time ago the complaint of travellers, which was ventilated in a previous issue nf the Standard, had been attended to. We mads this state ment on good authority, and we were also informed thst Departmental instructions had been issued ordering the lamps to be allowed to remain in tho Mrriagrs until daylight rendered their use unnecessary. We have no reason to doubt the secuiscv of the statement, and therefore, on behalf of the travelling public, whose con venience in this respect does not teem in the slightest wsy to be studied, we must protest against what appears at present to be a violation of a Departmental order. The gentleman who has made the complaint in this instance, mentions the names of several passenger* who were with him in the train, sll of_ whom ex pressed great indignation at being left in the dark for over an hour. To tho lay mind it seems a needless proceeding to remove the lamps from any carriage at a timo when they are even more urgently required than at any other time.during night. Wo have since ascertained that the etationmaster has nn blame in this matter. Hit instructions to his subor dinates are to leave six lampa ia tha train, presumably in the compartment* in which are the passengers, that number being deemed stifticient for requirements. On Wednesday morning one of th* porters thoughtlessly muat have removed the lamp from the compartment in which woro the passengers who made the com plaint, A MSETIxn of tho local committee of the Gordon Memorial Fund was held yes terday afternoon at the thin offices, Camperlown. Present — Messrs. J. Walls (in the chair), Scott, Hamilton, Harrison, and A. Henderson (hon. socre tary). A letter of apology was read from Mr. P. S. Ling, of Larrs, who sNo ex pressed his intention of helping forward ths movement by every means in his power. The hon. secretary was requested to obtain a supply of subscription lists from ths head committee, and to send a circular to the landowners of the district soliciting donations. It was decided to di.ida tho town into two districts by Pike street snd M'Nicol street, thence up Brooke street tn Lours streot Messrs. W. Scott snd M. Neylon were appointed enllsctors fnr the esstern division, and Messrs. J. Walls and G. Harrison for ths western division. The president (Cr. Walls) of the Hamp denshire Council snd Cr. Shaw proceed to Melbourne next week ia order to inter view Ministers on various requirements. The Minister of Public Works will be saked to place certain sums on ths estimstes fur forest roads and bridges; also to fulfil his promise with regard to the erection of a new courthouse in Gam psrdown. The heads of the Railway Department will be interviewed with reference to the requirements of the peoplo in tha Heyteabury forest, and the urgent necessity of the Camperdown and Cardie's River line being proceeded with as rapidly as possible. At the hut ordinary meeting of the Hampdenahire Council a statement' waa made by Mr. Jones, rabbit inspector, which is deserving of further enquiry. Mr. Jnnea reported that in one rabbit case which had been adjudicated in by Mr. Taylor, P.M., at Terang. a verdict was given for the defendant Mr. Murray, junr., on the ground that he had taken reasonable and diligent means for the destruction nf the pests. The principal witnesa for tho defence waa, it ia stated, the rabbit inspector fnr the Shire of Warrnambool. The "reasonable and diligent means" were atated to be trapping and the liberal use of phos phorised oats. It must be borne in mind that the officials of the Warrnambool shirs are constantly complaining of the manner in which the Act ia administered in this shire, yet in the esse referred to the evidence of one inspector bad the effect of causing a decision to be given against the other inspector. It might be pointed out that there is a wide difference apparently in the interpretation of the phrase, " reasonable and diligent meant," for while in the Warrnambool shire trap ping and poisoning seem to be deemed sufficient, in the Hamplet. shire it i* required that landowners go to the root of the evil and destroy all cover. There can be no question aa to which means will prove least expensive and most successful in the end. We understand challenges have been received on behalf of the Camperdown Football Club to play matches with a team from Colac, and one from Geelong. styling themselves the "Aboriginals." No club haa yet been formed in this town, and aa there would probably las great difficilty experienced in collecting a team, neither of the challenges is likely to be accepted. Tux evangelist who preached in the local Presbyterian Church on Sunday has a plain way of expressing himself. He had related an anecdote of s minister who boasted that fur thirty years he hsd main taioed a membership of thirty in his church, for the purpose of showing that some parsons made no eff.rt to adrancs, and were satisfied at long aa they main tained their position. " Such men," ener getically exclaimed Mr. Eustace, "should forsake preaching and resort to some honest way of making a living." The sar casm had the effect of causing a broad smile to appear on the faces of many present ; on observing which, the speaker went on to explain his remarka. Measles etc., sre still prevalent in this district, and several new familiea ha.c been afflicted during the week. Tho attendance at the Stato school No. 114, Camperdown, has b;en reduced to con aiderably under 50. At the last examina tion in May, the attendance was over 400. Fresh cases of measles are being daily reported. Ths supplementary lists of persons entitled to vote in tho Hampden division of ths Nelson Province, the Camperdown division of Ripon and Hampd«ii, and tbe Heyteabury Eaat division of Villiera and Heyteabury are on view at the office of the registrar, Mr. A.Walls, Camperdown, and at ths offices of his deputies at Terang aud Cobden. A rooTBiLL match will take place at Terang to-day between the Juniors of that place and Camperdown. The names of the player* from whom the local team of fifteen are to be chosen were published in our last issue. A start wilt be made for Terang from the Coinruercial hotel at 11 a.m. On Wednesday last Mounted Constable Snowden, of Terang succeeded in arrest ing a lunatic, named Michael Hallisey, who some weeks ago escaped from the Kew asylum. Ths man was returned to the asylum on Wednesday afternoon by Mounted-Constable Beckwith, of this town. Hallisey's family reside in the Terang district, and the unfortunate man, mad as he is, had the sense on effecting his escape to take the shortest cut for home, avoiding in his way, it is thought, all settled districts. He has on previous occasions made his escape from the asylum, but has always been recaptured before he could manage to get as far as Terang. Ths weather hss been, to some extent, < milder during- the past few days, bat it is *<lill very oold aspscislly at night. JaWsta-wSrt Swstissa, ÜBBtl fry "Ut. 0. B. Fisher, haa chaaged stsaas, the purchaser being Mr. Mttcridl, or the Bethanga ststion, in the North-eastern district. The price given for tba property has not' transpired, but as it was greatly improved by its Isat owner under the management of Mr. Edge,. tha purchsse money would be something considerable. The new proprietor, Mr. Mitchell, will be remembered as the sue cessful_contractof for. the erection of the exhibition building in Melbourne. Br aa advsrtitrment which appears in another column it will beoWerved thst Messrs. Stanimoie and Bishop have pur chssexl from the sswignss (ha old estab lished butchering business of Henry Bros. The new proprietors are well and favorably known in Camperdown and district, and they will doubtless obtain their shsrs of public support. Ous readers will rtssember thst in December of last year human remains were found on the Worriwyrite station. Enquiries that have been made have failed to elicit anything that would lead to the identification nf the remaina, and a verdict has been arrived, at that the bones were those of a white woman, but there was no evidence to show who she was or how she cam* by her death. Ths Poat-orfico snd Telegraph Depart ment has issuod the following notice with retard to ths sixpenny telegram system which is about tube adopted:—"From the lat of July, 1685, the following will be the rates charged for telegrams trans mitted during 01 dinary office hours (8.30 a.m. to 8 p.m.) from sny telegraph office in Victoria, addressed to places within ths Colony :—For a nieaaage nf six word* or under, Gd ; for every additional word, Id. No charge will lie mad* for sending addresses nr signatures. Where telegraph messengers are employed, messages will be delivered free of coat within a radius of one mile and a half; over that distance only the actual amount expended for cab hire or convsyanc* will be charged." Tag June'number of Once a Month ia to hand. Tha subject of the seventh chapter ■if the " Gallery of Eminent Statesmen " is the hun. Adye Douglas, Premier snd Chief Sscretsry of Tasmania. He is des cribed aa "a veteran colonial statesman, ths Nestor of the local legislature, being the senior member in both branches with the exception of a single contemporary, the hon. Henry Butler, speaker of the House of Assembly." The continued tales are "Jacnbi'a Wife''(chap. 15 and 16), ''Mary Marston" (chap. 16), and "By Sea and Lake," in each of which the interest of the reader is well main tained. Mr. W. Lockhart Morton con tinues hia very readable narrative, " Ad ventures of a Pioneer," in which he sup plies some of his experiences in the earlier dsys whilst searching for land in tho back parts of New South Wales. The editor contributes sn article on " Ths Will of Peter tho Great.*' " Sounds and Sand Flies "is a New Zealand sketch from the pen of "J.H." The other prose con-> tributions are " Dora Macdonald," a tale in two chapters by " Mina;" " Old English Opera," by J. G. De Libra ; "A Night in Covent Garden," by N.S.M.; and " Southern Tasmania,*' by "An intrl lectual vagrant" "Everyday Giants "is a short extract from the Defrost Fret Treat. The poetical effusions are " The Crown. Prisoner "and "Mirpah." The number is suiUbly illustrated and well printed. Ws have to acknowledge the receipt of the following documents from the Govern ment printer:—Report of the pruceedince of the University of Melbourne, fur tbe year ending 3td November, 1884 ; the accounts of the Melbourne Harbor Trust, for the quarters ended 30th September, and 31st December 1883, and 30th June 1884 ; report of Public Service Board; report of the secretary. Department of Industrial and Reformatory Schools for the year 1683; the Land Tai Register and Valuation for Victoria aa of Ist June, 1884\. The last named was i-aued aa a supplement to the Gazette of Friday Juns stb. Ths Melboarne correspondent of the Standard who hss been making snqniries respecting ths Camperdown to Warrnam bool railway, slates that tenders for tbe construction of tbe railway cannot be called for aeveral months yet, tha pre. lirainary work being far from complete. Ttiß overdraft at the bank of the Colac Shire Council (ssys the Herald) now amounts to £2039. By the end of the financial year, 30ih September, the amount will be mora than doubled. Tos Standard ears :—The district will hava to very much regret the blundering which has tali en place in causing the failure to nominate Mr. Anderson, M.L.A., aa a candidate for the Council of the College of Apiculture. The omiasion is an unfortunate one, since Mr. Anderson is exactly the sort of gentleman whoas counaelß would, have been invalu able to such a Board. He it possessed of considerable business tact, sound common sense, and a technical knowledge of the subjects with which the Board will be called upon to deal, and therefore the loss of Mr. Anderson's services cannot but be generally regretted. The question ia, who. is responsible, for ths unfortunate mistake, and can nothing be done rectify it I Insufficient publicity wss given to the matter at the first. The Secretary nf the Villiers snd Heyteabury Agricultural Association informs us that all his com munications were carried on with Mr. E. D. Martin, Secretary of Agriculture, and hearing nothing to the contrary, he for warded the nomination of Mr. Anderson to Mr. Martin on Saturday last, after the -meeting of his Association. This com munication, Mr. Martin wires, reached him too late to send on to Ararat, where the nominations ahould have been mad' for this district. The nomination, how ever, should hsre reached the Secretary of Agriculture on Monday morning, when the error might easily hsve been rectified by resorting to the telegraph wires. Trb following is the inspector's report ■if the recent examination of State school 1860, Framlingham :—"Classi6cation-- Correct. Instruction—The result of ths examination is vsry gratifying. All classes pass well, and the progress has been rapid and Bound. The penmanship ia very creditable, and the paper work is also very neatly arranged. Discipline— This is excellent. The children sre tidy in appearance, and were remarkably atten tive during; the examination, ltccorsls— Correct. Percentage—9sl2l. The actual per-cent>ge gained ia 98, but ia reduced by excessive age in the 4th class.—(Signed) H. Shsltos, Inspector." Three claseee, namely, 1, 2, sod 5, gained 100 per cent, each, and all presented for certificates in tbs Mb class f*as»ed. Ths (Jttlong Advert iter aaya :—A writ has been iesurd at the instance of Mr. It. Quarrill. the editor of tliia journal, sarsinst M«*srs. Bell aod Hosts, the pro- Srietors of the Evening Star, for a gross efsmatory libel in an issue of that paper of Saturday, May 30th. The damagea are laid at i'IOOO, and Mr. J. L. Purvsa has been retained for the plaintiff. Tbs will (dated Jsa. 15,1884) of Major- General CharU(lsorgst3oidon, C.8., late of No. 6. Rockstoas placs, Southampton, who died on Jsa. B*. last, at Khartoum, was proved on the 23rd alt, by Sir Henry Willissa Gordon, X.C.8., the WoUMr, oo*) of the eiseotors, the value nf the pswaonalastataasssisßilia^ Tbs t*-*-Utor leaves all his real aad per sonal estate, upoa trot, to pay taein eosaa so hia sisiar, Miss Mary AtAf-ista Otar-a-00, for life; at her death Us VtofttiJ is to bs divided rato eighty- tax. saarea, rand -iisMtSßtfefl Barotit hs. sw-pstswa as-d sTawMea.ta tsviobb vnpot tiosav, r^ i l r*l,l m« sw!M»»ot. \mHfmleirotiCkmf*»4\, sad trraanitMal the plot of ground which had been gene roasly offered by Mr. W. A. Treges, sen., J.P., a member of the Local Board of Advice, as a site for the proposed new school, to the Education Department, he found it not only very heavily timbered snd scrubby, but sitnsted on s very steep slops. As, consequently it would be difficult to secure a suitable playground for tho children thereon, it waa considered that it would bs advisable, under the cir cumstances, to close with Mr. Baulcb, another resident, for a plot of ground which waa more level, and also bett*r cleared and drained. However (ssys the Standard) the matter ia still tub j'ticfii*, snd it it Impossible to ssy what the ultimate decision will be. Ths following candidates hsve been nominsted to represent the South-wes tern district on tho Council of Agricul tural Education :—Jamea sßsird, Lear month ; Thomas Gilbert Crerar, Stawell ; Charlea Tytler Sutherland, Tatyoon. Wb (Volar Jlrformtr) lesm from a well known Saw mill proprietor thst a resident nf Csmperdown, who is building a house in that town, has instructed him to supply the necessary timlier for the work. This is not complimentary to the remarkable resources of the Heyteabury forest about which we hear so much. A TKtsoRAM from Hamilton, published in the Herald, says :—"ln the neighbor hood of Macaithur, cnmplaint ia mads of ttavelling with sheep that are lambing on roads and lanes where there is absolutely no graa* on which they can feed during the inclement weather. Recently in the Hawkesdale mad there were found nn fewer than 21 dead sheep in a distance of 100 yards. The attention of the Royal Humane Society as well as tho Shirs Council is called to this tact." Wspsesdat (ssys the Geelong Advertiser) sppeared to be chosen all round by those abnnt to marry aa the best day upon which to enter the matrimonial circle, judging from the number of wedding partis* passing through Geelong on their way to the metropolis. Two of the happy couples were united in Geelong, hut nine other couple passed through by train from the direction of Ballarat " " aaya: —" Ghosts sre out and panthers are in. Not many months ago every neighborhood having any claims to a soul above the common herd had s ghost, and some hsd two. Now, all districts that art districts have broken out into panthers. Tha persons who have been favored with private views of the various wild animals at large in the different localitiea vary considerably concerning the ' nature of the beast' Soma describe the creature as 'of a dun color, with long bushy tail;' others declare 'he is black, with a low, swinging trot,' while there are those who 'think they raw spots' on the brute. At sll events, the call to arms throughout the infested districts hss been nobly responded to, snd a very fair Vic torian contingent ia ia pursuit. Viewed in the light of recent events, this ' wild beast circumstance' aeema to have come just at tho right time. Our military ardor, now that it cannot be directed against the bear, may very properly find an outlet in the destruction of that panther or panthers. All we shall require to crown the event will be a prize com petition poem, perhaps by the Govern ment statist" At Newark, New Jersey, on sth May, a woman, named "Lucy Gilchrist, wife of -John Gilchrist, whilst insane from drink, aeized her six months' old baby, and placing it on a block chopped ita head, neck, and body with an axe, killing it instantly. Another one of her children gave the alarm, and the neighbors rushed in, but too late to aave the baby. The woman, without doubt was insane. She aaya she did the deed because the spirits told her to do so, and because she moat aave Ireland. When her husband arrived, soon after her child was killed, it was with great difficulty that he waa restrained from attacking her. The woman ia 38 years old, and baa three remaining child ren, aged 14, 11, and 6 years. 40 acres of land near Fort Campbsll srs to Ist on a clearing lass*. Messrs. Cbaa. Vaughan and Co. hava for salt 1100 old posts stacked oa Wm. Eaves' land, Taaraak. An important sate of town and suburban land will bs held by Mr. Thornton oa Satar day, 11th July. Ths Port Campbsll Hots] is for salt or to let, Thia it announced ss a splendid oppor tunity for s small capitalist. On Wednesday, Ist July. Mr. Thornton, nnder instructions from Mrs. M'Callnm, will hold a ssle nf hsnsshold furniture. Mr, J. Nelson will **U by auction at bis Cttnperdown yards on Wednesday 24th lost, at 2 run., 20 four-ysar old ttten in lots to snit purchasers. Messrs. Archibald and Batsman, nnder instruction* (rem Mr*. Colliton, will bold a clearing sale of furniture, live stock, Ac, j atMouot Noorat on Tuesday, 23rd Inst. I Mr. F. A. L. Roberts, dentist, of Wsrr [ osmbool, visits Terang on Monday, Mort- I lake on Tnesdsy, Darlington on Wednes day, aad Camperdown oa Thursday aod Fridsy next. Mr. J. Tb'irntoß. under instructions from Mrs. M. Jones, will bold a clearing sals at j the Hampton Park, Naroshid. on Wednes day, 24th in*t„ of live •t.Fck, fnrnitur*, and sffects. Special attention ia directed to this I sal*, as buyers ar* afforded an opportunity of securing really good dairy ciws, farming requisites, Ac, which does uot often occar. 