EOIFOEM OF AUELBOURINE. (DBe TlH Ouose.) A pparently untaught by experience, Mr. Murray Smith, who less than a fortnight ago, cabled that war was "inevitable," has again ventured into the realms of pro pheey. Oni the present occasion, however, our Agent-General does not burn his boots and cut off all chances of retreat in case his vaticinations should again turn out to be incorrect. His message this time is, indeed, characterised by an adverbial re dundancy which fully shows how hard set the newly made Oxford M.A. must have been when he framed his cablegram to Mr. Service, "'Peae al most wholly certain." The "alinoso" is certainly an official maslllterpiece, and indubitably shows that thu lise te honourable memberforBlorondara has profited largely by his intercourse with the diplomats of the Colonial Office. Yet, despite these pacific assurances-or, horrible thought I perhaps on account of tlhenl-tho military ardour of the colony has blazed forth with redoubled force. Offers to serve the country are coming in from all quarters of Victoria, and not a hamlet but is anxious to send forth its quota of fighting men to meet the Rus sians-now that the chances of a visit from the tallow- consuming Calmuck aro"daily growing more remote. And, strange though it may appear, the Ministry are busily fanning the martial flame. The old Volun teers are to be again embodied, the rifle clubs drilled, the polile organised on a military footing, and everybody capable of bearing arms allowed to display his prowess and amior patrice, in the way which will cause the minimum of incon venience to himself. It has not yet come to enrolling a corps of Victorian Amazons ; but there are surely no earthly reasons why, in these days of female " bachelors" of arts, such a corps should not be formed. Indeed, if all the ladies in the colony who wear the " unmentionables" were en rolled, they would assuredly constitute a numerically strong regiment. Perhaps now the question has been mooted some strong minded lady will take the hint and act upon it. After all tile fair sex have a far deeper interest in the "hearths and homes," for tile integrity of which we are supposed to do battle, than the masculino section of humanity. Tile long Ministerial holiday is draw ing to a close, and the Government are now very busy in considering and preparing the measures to be submitted to Parlia ment during the fast approaching session. 'lhe principal bills-that is those which will give rise to thile largest amountof talk will be the Redistribution of Seats Bill, 0 and the measure dealing with LocalOption. Some of the "social" questions which on its advent to office the presentMinistrypro uised to deal with are also to be tackled. Thlere is little likelihood of any question arising during the forthcoming Parlis a mentary session to imperil the existence of Mr. Service and his colleagues. The Treasurer's estimates of revenue have been more than realised, and no " dangerous" luestions are to be dealt with. However, in the political, as in this material worldof ours, it is always the unforeseen that happens. Just now, this said ' unforeseen" a is the sheet anchor of the Opposition hopes. The manner in which Admiral Tryon's advice to destroy our supplies of all 'kinds, and sink our steam colliers, rather than allow the enemy to replenish his stock of provisions and fuel at our expense, amply proves that patriotism is not the exclusive apanage of New South Wales. There are, t lowever, one or two little matters in con nection with the gallant Admiral's pro position upon which he has not afforded any information. What, for instance, is r to become of the crows of the burnt, scut tied, or blown-up ships ? When the people on land cheered the patriotic proposals, I did they think of the poor fellows on the ocean who were to go to Davy Jones's locker, or be sent skywards to thwart the Russians ? Vicarious heroism is apparently aspopularin our own times as in those of tilhe gentleman immortalised by Artomus Ward, who was prepared on the shortest notice to sacrifice everything-belonging f to his neighbours-on the altar of duty to his country. Among the latest political canards is one to the effect that the irrepressible Dr. L. L. Smith is to be nominated in opposition to the Chief Secretary for the Geelong con stituency, and that the expenses of the opposing candidate are to be defrayed by a subscription raised in " the Pivot." There are several valid reasons against the truth of the rumour. Firstly, the present Gee long constituency will in all probability be divided, West Geelong - Mr. Berry's stronghold-bleing constituted a separate electorate. Secondly, no constituency in these days of enlightenment cares about spending its own money on a contest. Thirdly, though "fools and their money are soon parted," Mr. L. L. Smith is not a fool, and on this occasion won't "part." And "lastly," as the preachers say-often to their hearers' delight--Mr. Smith says he has no intention of being a candidate. This determination of the doctor's shows that if, as generally believed, the wise men came from the East, their modern pro totypes are wiser still in not going to the West; at all events to West Geelong, to try conclusions with Mr. Berry. The idea is generally entertained that Victoria is a democratic community, free from thile evils of toadyism and flunkeyism. How does this supposition tally with the announcement in a morning journal that " the lon. A. Deakin ' and suite' are ex pected to arrive to-morrow P" Suite in deed I How does Mr. Dow, M.P., like the appellation? When the famous Enabling Bill embassy went to England, it luul a "suite" too. Now although "professahs" may not object to the designation, press men decidedly do, and it is well their protest should be recorded. To be called " suite" is indeed enough to make any man bitter. The octopus at the Exhibition Aquarium has resented its condemnation to im prisonment and celibacy, and spited its guardians by dying. Every one has heard of "the oyster crossed inlove," why should not an octopus suffer from la grands Iassion ? Indeed, it should experience the feeling in a greater degree than most other animals. Just consider the number of arms it hlas wherewithl to enfold the ob ject of its affections ! Withll nothing to love its existence must have been at least as dreary as that of the policeman of tilhe comic opera, who in tuneful measure tells us his is "not a happy life." The locomotive branch of the Victorian railwvays are up in arms against the Com missioners. These gentlemen have selected as assistant locomotive engineer, from some 150 applicants for the position, a gentleman from New Ireland, who has had no previous experience in Victoria, thlus virtually publishing to the world thlat amongst the employes in this colollny none are fitted to fill thile position. Political patronage being noie a thling of the past, it is aluost uIlnnecessary to stete that the fortunate Smith selected to receive the billet of £1000 per annum is not in any way related to thile famed W.C., of thatdistinguoislled flalily. Merit alone has weighled in the selection of Messrs. Speight, Agg, and Ford. In order to relieve the gentle chronic dullness that as a rule pervades a cetrtain metropolitan scholastic establishmelnt, sacred to a leading religious body, whoso chief pride is in the inflexiblility of their standards of belief and the strait-lacedness of their moral code, the young lady boarders a short time ago improvised a faincy dress ball. For days before hIland proparations were mnade, costlumes improvised, and a store of creature comuforts laid in, in order thlat thile programmeo of " ball and supper" mighlt be carried out in its integrity. At the very "witching hour of night" when, etc., etc. (in Shakespeare), the fair inmates of the establishment donned tlheir costumes, and tripped it merrily to the sounds of the pianoforto, at the con clusiou of their Torpsichorean exercise ad journing for refreshmentafter the orthodox and approved fashion, the while tihe prineilpal, littledreaming of" the hlighl life below stairs" being carried on under his very nose, lay serenely enjoying the sleep of thile just. Indeed, if rumour be not the lying jade she is genendlly reported to bIe, he is, at thile presenlt moment, profoludly ignorautof tile little game tllhat has--and not for the first tilne eithllcr--lecn llaycd under his very smpielt nose. Thile dancesc took phlace to tile sounds of aCollard iandi Collard. ILul a harper furnished tilhe music thecntertainimint might not 1have been of the lively kiundl it was. Ther are evidently some persons of whom, despite the dictum of the bard of Avon, conscience doos not make cowards, or how comes it that we find the musical critic of a metropolitan journal going out of hli way-in a fashion somewliat vulgar and on an occasion when the infor n.ation is entirely gratuitous and uncalled for-to tell the public that " Signor Verdi" is in reality " Mr.4William Green." If desirous of tearing the Italian mask from the face of one artist why not in common fairness perform the process in regard to all? Why not, for instance, tell all and sundry that Signor Iticardi is plain Mr. Richards, and that Miss Charlotte T'haker htns, under the sunny skies of Aus tralia, developed into Madame Carlotta Tauoca ? La Signora 'liumptoni would hardly have looked well on paper, and after all a forcign and particularly an Italian sounding lpatronymic goes a deal further iamong the uninitiated that the poet's question " What's in a name ?" warrkuts ame in expecting. May 14. 