V.R.C. SPRING ?N?EETING. (ROMe OUR OWN REPORTER.) OAKS DAY. MELBOURNE, NOv. 5. There was a greater than usual att'nd ance on the third day's races of the V.R.C. Spring Meeting to-day. The weather was very agreeable, though the dust was some what unpleasant. The small fields in the weight for age events made the racing less interesting than on the other days. The favourites started at long odds on them, and the only boil-over was Acme in the Flying Stakes, which was due to her getting blocked. In the last race an accident occurred similar to that at the Caulfield Cup, though much less disastrous. Grace Darling fell, bringing down Don caster and Kingship. Doncaiter was killed, and all the three jockeys were badly shaken, Williams, on Grace Darling, being the most severely hurt, but they were all able to be taken to their homes, not to the Hospital. His Excellency the Governor and party were again present. The Maiden Plate brought out a field of four, of whom Winchester was made a warm favourite, with 3 to 1 on him. He won easily enough, though Cyclops came with a tremendous rush at the finish. Nothing would go down for the Flying Stakes but Acme, and the race was looked upon as a regular moral for her. But here the pot was upset, as the favourite ran all off the course, and the boy in her saddle was unable to hold her. Blairgowrie won easily from Maddelina, while Ches ham, the stable companion of the winner, was third. Blairgowrie was much admired. 1e is a son of the English horse Vespasian. For the Spring Handicap fifteen came to the post, and St. John started a favourite, but several of the bthere were well' supported, including Cerise and Bllue, who was backed by her owner for £3000. Lavington ran a real good horea, but Cerise and Blue was first in the straight and won by a good length from Velocipede, who was just in front of Lavingtun. The Royal Park Stakes fol lowed, and for this event five started. Trenton was installed the favourite with odds on him. Theo pace was miserably slow for a great part of the way, all the horses waiting. Dunlop made the most of the running, but Trenton came in the straight and won easily from Remus, who finished well. The time was terribly slow, and the race was run to suit Isonomy and First Chester, but neither of them were dangerous. Three horses only started for the Weight for Age Steeple, and Denmark was considered a certainty. He, however, fell at the fence near the abbateoirs, and again at the first fence inthe straight. This is only the second time that Denmark has ever made a mistake during his career as a steeplechaser. The first fall he had was in the Campbell Town Grand National last year. lie was lame after the race, and slightly so before. His downfall caused much surprise and regret, especially amongst the 'Teasmanian, , and but for his mishap he musilt have won by a distance. Trickett and Banker both fell also, but the former came in a good distance ahead. Hie, however, missed the last jump by tal i the wrong course, and the race awarded to Banker, and the second Imne to Denmark. The Oaks attracted a ld of five, and Uralla, who looked well wa the favourite at 2 to 1 on her. She went to the front soon after starting, and won with. out being extended, and in good time. Thl largest field of the day came to the post for the Veteran Stakes, and Britisher or account of Sheet Anchor's win in t'h Melbourne Cup, was the favourite: 0I stripped in fair condition, and won after a fine rare from Cerise and Blue, who wu supported for a lot of money by her owner The winner was well backed, especially h. the Ballarat division. The time was fhat Grace Darling, who was in great fettle, and would probably have troubled the winner, fell soon after starting in front of the stand. Williams, her jockey, was mucg shaken, but not seriously injured. Don caster and Kingship' also fell, but their rider also escaped injury. Doncaster, however, was killed outright. Britisher was largely backed in doubles weith Trenton. The following is a detailed accountot the racing: 1AIDEN 'PLATE--A sweepstakes of 10 ora. each, 2 ft., with 250 added. The secd horse to receive 50 soaes out of the stak For.three-year.olds and uwaeds. Woight for age. Onemils and a half. Hon. W.. Robinson's be Winchester (laite Manchestor), by St, George-Mliss Flat, 3 yes (Derritt) es. . d e 1 Mr F. iHenty's be Cyclops, 3 yra (Sandcrsi M ,J. Whittingham's bro Perwae, 3 yrs (Trahan) ... 3 Hon. J. WYhite's b f Percussion, 3 yrs (Ell1 0 Bettiug-3 to 1 on Winchester, 5 to I agat Percuision, i to 1 agat Cyclops, 10 to 1 agst Parwan. Winchester led all the way. Cyclops came with a rush the last 50 yards, at. tempting to steal a march one the New Zealand colt, but Derritt only allowed him to reach Winchester's quarters, winning easily. Time, 2min. 5Sdecs. Tae FLYING STAKrns-A sweepstakes of ?lsse. each, Ift, with 200 added. Thie ssead horse to receive 50 sove. out of the stake. For two-year-olds and upward,. Weight for age. Three-quarters of a mile. Mr, V. Cooper's oh a llairgowrie, by Vespasian-Athslnne, 3 yes (Flansghnu) 1 lIr L. Watson'a' oh f lMladdolins, l yrs (O'Connor) . iMr D. Cooper's oh a Chehannl, 2 yrs (M'Dowall) .3 Aeme (M'Auliffo), Clelia (Tomlin), Hal. cyon (Gough), and Gemini (lankin) also started. Betting-- to 1 on Acme, G to I agst Maddelina, 10 to 1 nsgt Blairgowrie. Heavy scratohings left tile race to the two-year-olds. Acme was considereda er. tainty, but M'Auliffe was twice disap. pointed on getting her through between Chesham and Blairgowrie, and when she did get through the mare sulked. 22ad. dolina led to tle distaneo, where Blair. gowrie passed her, and won comfortablyby two lengths. SPraNG HIANDICAr-A sweepstakes of 5 sone. each, 1 ft., with 200 added. Second honeo to receive 50 sova. out of the stake. Fr 3-yr-olds and upwards. One mile and a quarter. Mr M. Thompson as b m Cerise and Bloe, by Wilberforce-Myrtle, 4 yrs, fnt 101l (Gorry) ... Mr IY. Onauron's br h Velocipedo, 5 yrs, 7 i 121b (Barton) ,,, . 2 iMr W. A. Filgate's br o Lvington, 4 2yn 7st (Reet) . . ..n, 3 Honeydew (Colley), Arsoenal (O'Brien), Merman (Fiddes), Lesbia (M'Dowall), St. John (Hutchins), Melorrimu (M. Trahan), St.'Lawrence (Sanders), Lantern (Quinn), Gratitude (Shadrick), The Ghost (1til. liams), and Camerine (Carter) also started. Betting-2 to 1 agst St. John, 6 to 1 agst Lantern, 7 to 1 agst Mnerrimu, 8 to 1 agst Cerise and Blue. Laringtoen and Cerise and Blue waited till the turn, to which Lantern led, with St. John next. Then the black mare kept her own all up the straight, Lavington passing the others, and running second till the post was reached, where Velocipede beat him by a head. Time. 2min. 10)sec. TIE ROYAL PARK STAEEs.-A sweepstakes of 5 sors. each, Sft, with 200 added. The second horse to receive 50 sore out of the stake. For three- year-olds and upwards. Weight for age. The winner of any ines (not being a handicap) of tie value of 200 seus to carry 31b extra; of 500 soves, 5b extra; of 1000, 71b extra. Penalties not oumulative. Maidens, i 3 yres old, allowed 3b: f11 4 yrs or upwards, sl;oaed 71b. Two miles. Mr!D. O'Brien's be Trenten, by IMusket \- Frailty, 4 yrs (Robertson) ... ... ...I Ir S. G. Cook's oh o Remus, 3 yrs (Senders) 2 Air A. Robertson's br c Dunlop, 3 yres (Foona) 3 First Chester and Isonomy also started. The pace was very slow, Dunlop and Trenton leading till the turn, where Dunlop was soon beaten by Trenton,.wbo came along, held wellin hand. Remus best Dunlop for second place by two lengths, pushing iTrenton for a moment, but the latter shot away when asked to gallop. WcEIG?T-FOnn-AE SrTEEPLECHRun--A eweep stakes of 5 saves. eaah, ft. with 30lOdded. The second horse to receive 50 sore. out of tile stake. Three.year-olds to carry ht 101b; 4 yrs, O0st 121bb 5 yres, lst 101b;t yre and aged, 12et 21b. Over such course aud jumps as the stewards shalldirect, About two miles and a half. Mr G. Watson' b g Banker, by Talk o' the Ring, aged (Watson) 1 Air J. Cohen b g Denmark, aged (Kildulff 2 Mr J. Cox's b g Triskett, aged (Clumea 0 To everybody's surprise Denmark came down at the third jump at the back of the course, escaping from his rider, who, how ever, caught and re-mounted him. Ie was then half a mile behind the others, butat the fence in the straight he came down again. He was again mounted, and then at the fence where Denmark first fell both Trackett and Banker fell, the former tumbling a somersault. Trickett was mounted and had the race in hland, but came into the course proper too soon, missing the last jump altogether. Banker, who was caught after some delay, was re mounted and came the correct course, cantering in a quarter of a mile behind Trickett, and Denmark followed about 200 yards away. A protest was entered, and the race given to Banker. Tae OAKS STAKES-A saweepethkos of 25 soers. eachn, £3 15s ft., with 375 added; 300 soes. and all tile sweepetakes for tile is nllorse, 50 for the scsond, and 25 for tine third. For threeooyear.old fillies, 8st 101b. One mile and a half. Heon. J. White's h or br f Urnllln, Chlester- MIoonstona, imp. (Ifales) . .1 IIou. F. Pearseoan' h f Parody (Poeree) ... Medr H. Jseobs'e oh f Lady Claudia (21. MIr S. Gardlner's br f Buttress (Braitlhwaite) 0 Mr II. G. Talhot's hr g Violet (eobeteeon) ... U Hales rode Tralla, and led from the start, so there was no possibility of his being blocked like Acme, and he won easily by four lengths. ' Time, 2min. 4scsee. Tle VETERAN SrTAKEs.--A handiesap seep stakes of 5 sson. eachb, 1ft., with 200 added; second horse to receive 50 seeos. out of tbo stakle. For fouryear.olds ahd upwards. OGe mils and a half. Mr M. Loughlin's b g Britisher, John dull Favorite, aged, 7lt 121b (Fallon) ... 1 Mr B, Thompaon na b m Cerise and Blue, 4 yrs; lst 81b (Gurry) . ........2 Mr 01. Jaeobs's b s lootal, .1 yrs, iat 121b 3 (RobIrtson) ... .... Comet (Boylo), Kingship (Tools), l'lu' siblo (Power), Chuckster (O'Brion), Lord SWitron (Ivcuy), Tempe (Ellis), Coriolanues (Moore), Kit Nubbles (ept), it rens worth (Gough), Done (Etr(tridge) Tom Brown (Gainsford), Tle Agent (Flanaghnan), Bosworth (Riley), fentmoro (Guy), Welcome Jack (Williamson), Genee (Co), Acolyte (Sanders), Ruby (Brown), Anglesy (Carr), Grace Darling (Wil lams), and Wing (Nerriker), also started. As tle horses left the starter and passed to thie Committee-roomsn,Grace Darling,who got off well, came down, and Doncasterfell over her and was killed, and Kingship also stumbled and dialodged his jockey. 1Bo )Villiamus, Grace Darling's jockey, csolped being Killed is a miracle, as all tine field seemed to go over him. Tile rest of the hIorses went on round. At the back ef tle course Ton Brown and Itavenswortll oeec pied the leading position. The Agent was first in the straight, when Cerise and Bh10 got to the front, but Britisher supplnted her and finished a winner by a longtl. Time, 2min. 38seoc. Scot-rs EsnOLON or POInIcE COn) LIVE' OIL WicTlr II1rsou'oanOrnoTEs, for rickets, marasmuus, and all wasting disorders of children, is very remarkanblu in its resllts. Thie rapidity with which children gain tlesh and strength upon it is wonderful. Aniy lchemist can supply it at 2s. Wholesale by L. FAcaTuou.n At Sou. 