THE CAFLF1ELB CUP CATAS TROPHE. (dally telegraph, ootgbee 19.) A SERIES OF mSASTRDS The Victoria Amateur Turf Club Meeting at Caulfield on Saturday was attended by a veriea of disasters which are probably un paralleled in the gnna1p of colonial racing. The weather was unusually warm for the season of the year, but, nevertheless, con genial for outdoor amusement, and tbe attendance was larger than on any former upwaros or 17, wu persons having paid for admission to the course. The fields were all large, and the general excellence of the animals engaged was uncommon. The character of the racing was excellent turonghout ; but an extraordinary accident occurred in the Caulfield Cap, which threw a gloom over the whole meeting, and not only upset the calculations, but threw thirty horses, including the whole of the cracks of the season, entirely out of the running, at that interesting paint of the race where the jockeys nsually shake their horses up, select their ground, and commence to ride for home. The occurrence is, as is usual on such occasions, involved in a good deal of \- mystery, but from what can be ascertained, there appears to be lifctie donbt that it was entirely due to an accident of the simplest description. The most reliable sources of in formation are very conflicting, and as a natural consequence, a clear explanation of the circumstances is not possible. The field for the Caulfield Cup was the largest, with only two exceptions, that ever a starter in the racing world. In 1852 forty- three horses started for the Chester Cup, in England, when Joe Miller, carrying 4st 101b, ran home an easy winner, and at tbe June meeting of tbe V ictoria Amateur Turf Club in 1SS3 forty-two horses started . for the Ladies' Bracelet, which fell to the lot of The Ghost. Forty-one animal started for the Caulfield Cup on Saturday, and the outcome of the race was a painful surprise to every body. Some difficulty was experienced at the start, owing to the immense number of restless champing thoroughbreds who drew out in line across the broad field at the entrance to the straight running, but they were ultimately got away fairly well to gether, and stormed up the straight in oue compact and magnificent mass of moving brilliant colouring. It was a stirring and magnificent right, and presented a picture to the eye of a flying column of light cavalry, which roused the most indifferent spectator into rapturous enthusiasm, and set every nerve quivering with excitement. Intense interest was manifest on every ride, and as the flying column swept past the stand, with the firm-set riders ' polling double" to keep their steeds steady, the general silence was only broken by the noise of the clattering hoofs and the sonorous call of a few loud-voiced, eager bookmakers, who plied their calling on the lawn, the posted rules of the club to the contrary notwith standing. Going over the rise the field had thinned out a bit, bnt on the falling ground they closed up a good deal again, with the exception of eight or ten stragglers who straggled on UDder the whip, hopelessly In the rear. Coming round the turn into the long level stretch of straight running which leads past the mud wall, the " cracks " were all holding good positions, the most con spicuous being Britisher, Sardios, Tom Brown, Blink Bonny, Too Too, Claptrap, Prince Imperial, Despot, Impulse, Lord Ex eter, Winchester, Grace Darling, and Corio- l&nus;, but they were not destined to finish the race together. After passing tbe mod wall tbe jockeys began to shake their horses up a little, and moved forward, with tbe ob ject of picking out good positions to get through and " ride " after getting round tbe borne turn. At this point, the levellest, straightest, and best part of the course — a scene occurred, at a moment when it was least eyoected, which, beggars de scription. It appears that one of the horses running on the inside, abont second or third from the front, tripped and fell, and that sixteen other horses either tumbled over the obstruction or were thrown down in the wild scene of confusion which instantly occurred. Donald Nicholson, the rider of Lord Exeter, was either knocked out of the saddle or thrown over the horse's head through a stumble, and was killed on the spot. His crashed and mangled body had to be dragged from under two horses — one of which was dead— which were found to be lying upon the unfortnnate fellow after the others had passed on. Lord Exeter did not fall. Sam. Cracknel), who was. upon King ship, received a nasty fall, the horse having turned a somersault in the air and then fallen on him, and sustained a serious fracture of the chest bone, which is stated to have been completely crushed, and jammed in upon his lungs, and other in jams, M'Grade, the rider of Tom Brown, went down with the others, and sustained serious internal in juries, whilst MGrath, the rider of Prince Imperial sustained, it is feared, a frac ture of tbe spinal column. Ellis,, the rider of Despot, was badly shaken. Morrison, tbe rider of oirooco sustained a fracturejof the arm, Wyman, who was np on Sardius, was thrown agaiust a post, and was insensiblefor about ten hours from concussion of tbe brain. Tommy Brown received an ugly foil with Too Too, but escaped with a few scratches and a shaking, whilst Too Too received 6ucb a serious injury to the back that she will probably never race again. Trahan, who was riding Claptrap, es caped by being thrown over the rail, but the horse was so badly hurt that it will never probably be seen in the field more. The rider of Winchester (Huxtable) came down very heavily, and sustained a serions fracture of the collar bone, Tuomy, the rider of Uarah, was badly injured. Alex. Robertson was struck in the back by the hoofs of one of the horses and slightly in jured, but he succeeded in retaining his seat on Blink Bonny and bringing her home. Several other jockeys were shaken, but were not seriously injured. Cracknell, M'Grade, MGrath, and Tuomy were conveyed to the Melbourne, and Wyman to the Alfred Hospital, where they were all carefully attended to, and were all reported at an early hour this morning to be progressing favorably. Uarah was killed in the accident, whilst Yellow Hammer jumped the rail onthe inside of the running, and was polled up after a short spin across the fiat, safe ana sound. A number of the jockeys bad very narrow escapes. Some donbt exists aa to which home went down first, but_ there seems to be little doubt that it was either Sardius, Tom Brown, Too Too, Claptrap, or Despot. They were all very close together at the time, and all went down. Trahan states that Too Too was the first down, whilst Tommy Brown is equally emphatic on the point that be saw the horse Tom Brown go down first, and roll over on .the broad of back, and be at once railed out to Wyman, who was riding alongside of him, " look out, there's a home down In fount of yon." On the other hand Wyman declares that tbe accident was caused by Sirocco colliding with Too Too and going down. The point is not likely to be cleared up, but it is satisfactory to know that the occurrence was entirely due to an accident, mid cot to any attempt at unfair or improper riding, that tbe scene of tbe catastrophe was far removed from the home turn, abont which so much has been said. Tbe death of Nicholson caused a profound feeling of sorrow on the course, and it is not likely that the extraordinary scene will be soon forgotten. The body of the deceased rider was removed to his rela tives' house at Richmond, where an inquest will be commenced to-day. 