THE GKAND STEUPLECHALE . MKE'UXG. .The V.B.C. Grand National Steeplechase meeting took place on the Fiemington- racecourse on Saturday afttrnoan, and proved' successful, though the attendance was materially lessened, while the casualitiee incidental to jumping races were oonsideiably increased, by the wet weather of Saturday morning. But, making allowances for the effect of the threatening weather, the attendance, which .include )his. Excellency and a party from Government House, was satisfactory. The racing throughout the day waB jgood, and though the running ground was leavy, very fair time was recorded. Proceedings commenced with the Maiden Hurdle Race, in which the favorite, hippęgrifi, scored a win, Sea Breeze being second, Duration third. In the Maiden Steeplechase which followed, another favorite in Ketieeni won, Lady Asbtou fillingsecond place, while .Knlkyne was third; There were 10 starters for the Grand National Hurdle fiace, which resulted in a win for The Agent,-a g .llant little chesnut horse belonging to Mr C. H. T Hart, of Adelaide. Ihe winner's ^previousperformances' caused him to be top weight, bat despite this.be experienced no difficulty in beating Guardfish, who had cut oat the running for the greater put of the three miles. Cockboat finished third. In ihe •Grand National Steeplechase thrre were 14 starters, and the result after a series of falls, was a win for Wymlet, who was riddenby Corrigan; Sailor was second, aiid Denmark third. The winner is the property of Mr Martin Łoughlin, of Ballaxat. Morven, a horse belonging to. the same owner, was favorite, but in company with several others he came to grief o<-*er the'stone wall m front of the grand stand. None of the riderswere very seriously injured. . Student won the Selling Hurdle Bace, Fiamhorongh being second, and Doncaster third. The winner was bonght iu for 140 guineas, all of which goes to the clnb's funds. The Flat Łace, which concluded the meeting, was won by The Ghost, with Plausible second, and Bohemian third.— Age. 