TV -JORRESPO3S3-ENTS. . 'JliOGE.'— To make marmalade withsweetorangas, . cat the oranges, pulp, and skin in fine slices, place in a large basin', and to every 12 large or IB small oranges allow three pints of cold water ; cover them over closely, and let them stand three days. Put all then in a preserving pan,, and for every plat of water, - allow 1 lb. of sugar. Let it boil slowly . (skimming carefully all the while) for about three hour*,' or until the whole mass appears clear. Be careful to iemove all seeds when cutting the oranges. your question would be an advertisement. ' A Well-wisher' writes— '1 trust you will allow me to correct the misstatement which appeared in a telegram from Port Pine with regard tothefloweraho*. Your informant states that what might have given rise to a breach of the peace took place as the baud was playing in front of the showroom when the Salva tion Army passed. Such was not the case. The show hand did not put in its appearance until the army soldiers had risen from prater and had 'sung one verse of a hymn. The army took its usual stand, and on re tuminer to the barracks it took the side of the street opposite to the showroom. In justice to the anny these facts should be published.' ' Ratepayer.' — Your letter could only appear as an advertisement. ' iKQUismvE.'— The second. 'Beformkr,' Kapunda, writes:— 'I notioetb.it it was proposed in Parliament lately that after the leases of 1888 expire six months should be allowed to the present occupiers to remove their stock. I wish to ask why? They know that their leases expire at a certain date ; theb let them arrange them to have their stock off by that time. The country is sure to be left bare enough, and to allow six months extra to complete the skinning' process would be doing the future settler a wrong.' ' Aueed.'— -Jommon salt has been found effec tual in banishing white ants. Make a strong brine and well saturate the floor, or you may try a strong solution of Paris green or London purple. '£bw Ghuk.'V-I. Among the experiences of a long and useful life that of teaching magpies to talk has not been included, therefore we are unable to speak with authority on the subject. We have heard, how ever, that keeping the bird in a darkened cage and talking frequently to it is the best way of teaching. 2\. 'For the reason above stated we are unable to say afwhai age the bird is most likely to begin to learn. 3\. Provide a dust-bath for your fowls, mixing with ihednsta little powdered coke or sulphur. If the lioe be in the fowlhouse a thorough lime -washing will get rid of them. 'A Boy.' — If you have a large quantity of cocoons or-wound silk J pu would no doubt find a purchaser in the colony. f'G.W.G.'— Serosine p ured down the anthole3 win kill or drive them away. 'M.,' Teetulpa. — We do not consider it a fair puzzle ; it more nearly approaches what is com monly known asa' selL' f'JLj.F.'— The Postmaster-General has instructed the postmasters throughout the country to collect the Government taxes, and they are the proper persona to - whom to pay them. f* G. H. Ayldpfb' writes :— ' Be the meeting of the Queen Building Society held last evening. It is made to appear i'- your issue of Wednesday that I said ' so long as a depor it receipt book showed a heel and the auditors insisted on each receipt being signed by the directors it was all right.' It will be seen that these words, without the remarks which preceded them, have little or no meaning. What I said was that the prac tice which had obtained in building societies for the past two years of receiving money on deposit (the only security to the depositor being tbe secretary's receipt) 'afforded easy means for defrauding societies were secretaries so disposed, because it would only be necessary for a secretary to omit to enter money so received in the society's cash book to render detection by the auditors impossible, and I suggested that the deposit receipt book should be comi»ared with the cash book ot the society at each meeting of the directors, who should initial the heels of the deposit receipts. But on reflection I would go further and recommend that every deposit receipt should be signed by two directors and the secretary. Except ing with .respect to money received on deposit I see no difficulty in so auditing building society accounts as to render it impossible for frauds to be committed which would not he discovered at the ensuing audit.' 'Cokbtakt Bkm)er,' Launcelot. — If you mean Jumbo, the answer is no.. ... '' ToHMY.'-^he shortest route by road to Angaston . is^via Gawler. ; .' . ^ ' B.B.'— As your injuries were the result ot* pure accident, tor which yipur employer was. not respon sible, 'yon have, we believe, :no legal claim upon him. - \ :?' Poos Tenakt.'— -Certainly not. The landlord can only distrain for rent in the house on which rent ia due. ' Anxious Emquiber.' — We are afraid there is no cure for the disease. In the early stages of consump tion it is possible, according to many eminent medical men, to arrest the progress of the disease; but when it has gone so far aa in the case you refer to there is, it is said, no cure whatever. ? 'Anxious to Ksow.' — A cannot legally marry again, as during the seven years he has known his wife to be alive, though he may have had no commu nication with her. It is questionable also whether he can get a divorce, as the fact of his having allowed so long a time to elapse since the offence before taking proceedings would be looked upon as condonation. It would probably be necessary to prove more recent adultery before a divorce could be secured. 'QtroKB Kaibpayee.'— 1. The town clerk has to make a fresh list of ratepayers each year for use at the annual elections, and the new; not the old, list has to be posted in conspicuous places. 2. Yes, tbe Municipal Corporations Act of 1880 makes it impera tive that notice shall be given as to the places at which the burgesses rollis to be seen. 8. The town clerk's action in preparing a new list to replace the old one was in accordance with the Act. 4. The court of revirion has no power to allow claims which were not lodged on or before November 1. . *' A.Mc.'— The lines below the picture of Chloe are as follows : — ' He often Tints your .peaceful -banks ; ' -often I hare listened, and tht breeze which sighs \- through your, woods bean to my ear from afar the \- sound.of his voice.' They are from an idyl of Andre' ? Chenier, an esteemed- French poet, who perished during the reign of terror. 'W.D.R.' wishes to knowifanycf our readers have discerereda remedy (or' a disease among obicken*, the symptoms of which areas follow:—' Drooping of the chick just at featherings mopingalone and throw- I - ing up thefcead at each respiration as if choking ; swelUng-ot the head on one' side, the eye becoming j large, and discharging; death' almost certain.' It any of our readers okri furnish a remedy a favor will be i conferred on others besides 'W.D.K.,' ai a disease similar to'that he describes is, we hear, troubling '*' Uwcbetain.' — Your goods cannot legally be seized tor debts due by your landlord. 'A CoiwciLLOii.'— The council can only claim damages ' in respect of cattle impounded from off dis trict roads or the waste lands of the Crown, or other Crown lands within the district.' . 'CowKSEPSR' aska— 'CanyouteUmeofanyremedy? I have three cows taken bad within two months. They go a little lame at first, and in about a week th jy can scarcely walk and lose flesh very faat. Whether if s their legs or feet that are ailing I cannot tclL If you could inform me of any mode of treatment that will lead to a cure you would oblige.' 'G.E.S.' — Under the circumstances you mention certainly not. 'Jamestowk.' — 1. The Vest Australian, Perth Enquirer, and Fremantle Herald. 2. This quebtion includes ground over which we are unable to travel. 'J.T.'— How can we say without knowing par ticulars? 'Tic-DotORF.ux.' — We have no means of answering your question. ' Mayor.'— the lowest square-sail on the mizen mast of a full- rigged ship is the cross-jack, which is pronounced crojeck. 'H. A. A. Dombbain' writes.— 'Mr. McLaren poses as the unselfish advocate of the working classes, but I cannot allow his letter to pass without remind ing him of a conversation in which he said ' If the working classes won't listen to what I say, ? the working classes.' It is only fair to the working classes that they should know their friends.' \- ' Subscriber,' Adelaide.— The clerk of the market can prevent any person from selling refreshments there. You can obtain a licence from tbe town clerk. 'Mason.'— 1. The Adelaide Steamship Company dispatch steamers to Perth about every three weeks. 2\. The passage-money is :— Saloon, £10 10s. ; steer ige, £7 10s. 3. The usual time for a trip to Perth is seven days. ' Wokkiso Mak,' Moonta.— 1. Perth and Fremantle. 2\. Their populations are 5,044 and 3,641 (census of 1881) respectively. 3. Their distance from Adelaide is about 1,600 miles. 4. The fares by the Adelaide Steamship Company are :— Saloon, £10 10s. ; steerage, 'My Own Idea.'— 1. The weight of the heaviest engine is 71 tons, and the lightest 12J tons. 2. The weight of dam ploughs varies from 110 lb. to 611 lb. S. The river Tamar nearly divides Cornwall from Devon. 4. It would if it had different wheels, and if it could be guided. 6. No, as soon the man iscrowned the move is finished. 6. The first locomotive ran be tween Stockport and Darlington in 1830. 7. George Stephenson died in 1848 'Subscriber,' Meningic— We should say that the parents in the case you mention have no right to draw the money. ' Nbw Chum.'— We should reply in the negative to your first question, and in the affirmative to the second. We, however, advise you to consult a legal gentleman on the subject. 'H.M.'— Dalkey is a seaport in Dublin Bay. Ire land. It is an Irish name. 'J. P. TRffP.''— Your letter contains libellous matter. ' H. Curbell.' — Your letter in the form in which it is written is an advertisement. 'Truth' takes exception to statements in a tele gram describing the death of Caroline Grahlow in the Gladstone Gaol. He denies that the woman re fuged to admit her guilt or that her remains were removed prior to her sister's arrival, and states that the deceased received proper attention. 'Jubtttu,' Gienelg, thinks, contrary to Mr. Sparks's opinion, that had Mr. Pearson carried hia claim for damages agaiuetthe Gienelg Railway Com pany for injuries received in an accident to the Supreme Court he would have obtained a larger sum than was awarded by the Local Court. 'Miller's Ghost,' Watervale, writes: — 'Ihe authorities have stopped lighting the lamp in front ot .our local post-office, a most dangerous proceeding on dark nights, on account of the verandah floor being some height from the ground. It is almost impossible to find the letter- box without running against a post or falling off the verandah, as a young lady did the other night and hurtherself. The Governmentshould be made liable . for damages if a serious accident occurred, which is very likely. About £1,000 was wasted over this building, which will not be required for another fifty years.' 'Exqoirbb,' Prince's-street. — Yes. ' J. H.' — The South Suburban Club occupied the second position on the scoring-list of the Adelaide and Snburban Cricketing Association at the close of last season, the Glensides being the premiers. *' J. A.' — If no runs are scored off an over it is a 'maiden' whether a wicket is taken or not. 