MR. TORR IN PALESTINE. (Continued). THE sun was setting as we came in sight of Sidon. Ships were lying at anchor, the fortress standing out distinctly, and the town resting on the slope of a hill. The environs we passed are famous for beauty and richness. Gardens and orchards fill the plain to the foot of the mountains, abundantly watered by numerous canals carrying water from Lebanon. Oranges, lemons, figs, almonds, plums, apricots, peaches, pears, bananas, and pomegranates flourish. After being interviewed by a score or two of Zidonian children, we found our tents pitched upon the hillside near the Mussulman cemetery. We found three nice large roomy tents decorated inside with various coloured cloths in fantastic designs. Our sleeping tent contained two iron bedsteads, with mattrasses, nice white bedding, and counterpanes. Two washing sets complete, table, looking- glass, carpets spread over the floor, our luggage arranged around the tent- pole, and hooks for hanging our cloaks. ThiB is camping out with a vengeance. Dinner was soon ready and served in what the dragoman called our saloon tent. The table wasnicely spread, silver forks, napkins, and a pretty bunchof flowers making it very attractive. Onr greatest surprise was the cooking. No less than eight courses, consisting of—1, macaroni soup ; 2, mutton and parsnips ; 3, beef and beans ; 4, chicken and watercress ; 5, milk pudding; 6, cheese; 7, dessert (varied) from day to day, grapes, melons, figs, almonds, raisins, apples, walnuts, pears, and oranges ; 8, coffee or tea. This iB certainly feasting in the desert. Jnst before bedtime I saw two Turkish soldiers keeping guard, showing we were in a semi-civilized country. But Sidon itself must be described. Its modern name is Saida. It is irregularly built — so is every Eastern city. It has narrow alleys like streets, varying from five to eight feet in width. Population, 5,000 Arabs. It is supposed to be older than Tyre. Though allotted to Asher it was never conquered by the Jews. It has been destroyed, conquered and held by several nations. The Phoenicians, Macedonians, PersianB, and CmBaders have all been there. Its glory has faded. Ezekiel prophesied, " Behold, I am against thee, O Zidon ; and I will be glorified in the midst of thee. For I will send blood into her streets. And there shall no more be a pricking briar unto the house of Israel." Well might Jeremiah ask the question, " Why cannot the people revive and gather strength and make these advantages tributary to their prosperity ? Where are their helpers ? Are there none to remove these rocks and obstructions, these bonds and yokes " (Jer. xxvii. 2, 3). And the answer returns from the sepulchres beneath both sea and sand, " Because of the day that has come to cut off from Tyre and Zidon every helper that remaineth," (Jer. xlvii. 4). But starting at 5 o'clock in the morning does not allow of spare momentB for ruminating on bygone greatness. The first thing distinguishable by the early dawn was the Mussulman women gliding in and out among the tombs, looking like the very ghosts of the departed. We found this a common practice in the East, reminding us of the Jews remark about Mary— "Shegoeth unto the grave to weep there." It is a lovely morning, but breakfast has to be discussed and we were in our saddles and away before sunrise. Still along the beach with remnants of an old Phoenician road. Owing to the purchase of some additional animals by Moses, our muleteer, our retinue is now increased to nineteen animals. Here and there we passed ruins and sarcophagi. The cover of one attracted my attention. Someone had been digging underneath evidently to find some hidden treasure. In a few hours we came in sight of Sucafend, near the site of the ancient Zarephath or Sarepta. There are some ruins near the eea beach, which are identified with the ancient village. I sat on the mouth of a well at (el Khud) St. George, a place erected to the memory of Elijah. Here I imagined Elijah's approach to the village after his long march from Cherith, where he had been fed by ravens, and where the ravens of the present day are fed by the kind priests who live there. Looking in the fields aroHnd I saw women gathering stickB for burning. A weed grows hero very rank and strong, the wiry stems around the seed vessel of which I found were used at Constantinople as toothpicks. This is the traditional spot of the remarkable instance of faith shown by the Syropboanician woman. "Truth, Lord, yet the dogs eat of the crumbs that fall from the master's table." What a quiet retired spot for the refuge of Elijah from wicked Ahab, and our Saviour from the still more inveterate Pharisees. The mountain ranges of Lebanon behind and the mighty Mediterranean In front, just the place for refuge and safety on the one hand and quiet rest and contentment on the other. Along these coasts is the only spot where Jesus ventured beyond the borders of Palestine, verifying His words to the woman—" I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the houBe of Israel." Thia plain of Phoenicia is twenty-eight miles long and about a mile wide. This Is a very rich plain—a fine dark loam, and seems well - cultivated, although the methods used are very primitive, Two very small oxen fastened by a long strip of wood to an imitation plough that hardly scratches the ground as deep as a good scarifier. No harsh bullock whip, but a long pointed stick, calling to mind the Saviour's words to Saul—" It is hard for thee to kick against the goads." We were soon in sight of Tyre. Before reaching it we crossed the river Leontes by a stone bridge with an arch of 20 feet. This river ranks next to the Orontes or Jordon, amsng the rivers of Syria. A very fine viaduct carries the water from the river to a large farm house situated on the plain. Moses informs me that when crossing this river with Princes Albert and Victor it was overflowing its banks, and there was some danger in crossing. We had a gallop across the plain to what we supposed to be the tomb of Hiram, King of Tyre, who supplied Solomon 'with cedar for the temple. We were disappointed. The tomb was some miles further inland. So much for the trustworthiness of Arab muleteers. We were soon riding along the isthmus connecting Tyre with the mainland, and a few minutes later stood among the ruins of ancient Tyre. I sent ray horse around to the camp with the dragoman while I walked along the beach and saw a naked fisherman plying his vocation. He had a large circular hand net weighted with lead on the outer edge, which was thrown very dexterously into the sea. I saw him dive after the net and come up in a minute or two with a good-sized fish. As I am writing on the beach four or five Greeks or Arabs come around to watch me. Evidently paper and lead pencils are at a discount among the modern Tyrians. I visited the Tuins of an old church. Remnants of immense walls are still to be seen, and some enormous columns of polished red granite are lying in the middle of the church. One of these, a large double one, I walked along and found it to measure twenty-six feet in length. The church was erected by Paulinus, Bishop of Tyre, in the fourth century. It was then 21G feet long and 13G feet broad. Eusebius wrote the consecration sermon. This is still preserved. William, the historian of the Crusades, was archbishop here for ten years. Frederick Barbarossa was interred here. The body was brought all the way from Tarsus bv land. Origen's tomb wa9 in this church. The ancient causeway was made by Alexander to enable his troops to conquer the little island. It is now silted up on either side to such an extent that all traces of the work are lost. The isthmus is now almost half-a-mile wide. Tyre numbers some three or four thousand inhabitants ; streets narrow and crooked, but clean. Palms and Pride of India trees are scattered about. Is it possible that this little city once r-uled the seas and dotted the shores of Europe and Asia with colonies ? It was the cradle of commerce, but commerce has grown and the cradle has become useless. It was founded, at least, 1451 n.c., so cannot be less than 3,200 years old (Joshua xix. 29). Joshua mentions it as a strong city in his day. It was be- Bieged unsuccessfully by Shalmanazer, king of Assyria, for five years (1720 B.C.), by Nebuchadnezzar for thirteen years, by Alexander seven months, when he found it necessary to construct the canseway mentioned above. It was one of Paul's stopping-places on his la6t visit to Macedonia and Ephesus. Since his time it was held by the Crusaders from February 11 to June 27, 1124. 