LAURA AND GLADSTONE WATER- X , . SUPPLY. : ' " " On Thursday afternoon the Attorney- . General laid before the Assembly a: Report on the Laura and Gladstone water supply, by Mr R. L. Mestayer, Hydraulic En- . gineer, as follows ; — An examination has - ; been madpof the district surrounding these towqships, with a view of providing " a certain water supply, all the year round. This examination, has shown that no reliance can be placed upon the local creeks, . : none of these ' having h,d any water, in them for the last two years, whilst the wells are, with one exception, brackish and unfit' for domestic supply.' In order . to have a supply to be relied upon for permanency jn jail seasons, recourse be had to the stream flowing fro 19 the Betaloo Springs, whence an ample supply can be obtained. If it should be decided to construct thef storage reservoir referred to in niy secqnd progress .repor t of t he" Ree- taloo scheme, and carry a main line of pipes from it to Yorkei's Peninsula, a 6-. . inch branch could be taken" off from this ' main at or near Hughes' Gap from this point pipes wonld be laid to Gladstone and Laura, as shown on the accompanying plan. The total cost of tKe work necessary for supplying these two towns with a daily supply iff 40,000 gallons each would bq approximately £16;000. This qould be increased to 85,000 gallons per day to eacfy town by an additional expenditure of £2,000. If the storage reservoir bq no,t constructed it would be necessary to con struct a small collecting creek higher up creek at a point near Pott's Camp ; from this a 6-inch main would be laid to the top of Hughes' Gap. The cost of this would be the same as in the former case, because in estimating that I considered that these towns should pay a fair portion, of the cost of the head works, such pro- portion not to exceed .the , amount they would Jiave, had .to. expend to obtain the water- had no reservoir existed. If their share of the cost of the entire schetrie werq to be determined by the proportion of the water -they required the amount upon which they might' fee balled upon to pay interest would possibly be considerably higher than that for which they could bq,ve 'obtained the supply for themselves alone, which would be manifestly unjust. The, works should be remunerative, for (assuming that about one-fourth of this sijpply, viz.,' 10,000 gallons were consumed, at a charge of 5s per 1,000 gallons) a revenue of <£1,825 per annum wonld be realized. The interest on capital , sunk would at 5 per' cent, amount to £800 per annum ; maintenance and management should not exceed £800 ; total, £1,600 per annum, leaving £225 towards a Sinking Fund for the extinction; .of the debt. It is probable that for the first year or two the consumption might- ... not be as large as I have assumed, "but- it must also be observed that' in guarantee schemes only 3 per cent, is required for the first and 4 per cent, for the second year. In preparing the estimate for: maintenance and management I have assumed that the scheme would be mapaged by the Government, and not by the Corporation qf the two towns under guarantee, as from the distance qf the supplies from the town and its probable connection with another Govt, scheme f considered this would be the most advisable course to adopt in the interests both of the towns themselves and also of the Govern- ment."'-' '' The report was accompanied by a plan showing the situation qf the Bee- taloo Springsij the' "proposed reservoir, the pipe tracks for the local scheme and' the Peninsula supply, and the creeks and . watercourses in the district affected by thq proposed scheme! y ? Who saw the Ghost, Fording the stream ? Who saw the Ghost, heard of by Deane ? Who saw the Ghost ? ' . . Benefactors. — "When a board of eminent physicians and chemists announced the disco'verv ' that by combinihg some wall-known valual le remedies a most wonderful medicine was p o- duceiji, which would cqre 'suoh a wide range of- diseases" that most all other remedies could bo dispensed withi many were skeptical, but pre of of its merits' by actual trial has dispelled all doubt, and to-day the ' discoverers of that great - medicine. ' Dr. Soule's American Co's Hop Bitters,' are honored and blessed by all as bene factors. """Read. ' - -' Edwato Floyd, 75 years of age, and Mrs Bejtsy Walter, 82, have been united in matrimony' at Llarmaron parish 'church.' The wedding naturally attracted considerable attention, and the "blooming bride" ex hibited her unfailing energy, calling at her_ bridesmaid's residence ana rousing herefrom 'sleejj, the hour fixed fdr' the celebration Beingavprylearly qne.;V., ., Preparation For Vacation. — A gentle man who was goins to take his family to sea a dramatic performance, the other night, was surprised to see his wife packing a large trunk and filling two large baskets with eatables just before starting. " What are you doing that forP" inquired the husband. " Why," returned the wife, it says on the bill that six weeks elapse between, the. first and second acts."- — Chicago Tribune, 