THE HUMOUFIIST. TANGLED FAMILY TIES. By The Flaneur! , Not very long ago an unfortunate combination of business and amusement required that 1 should favour Homebush with the Honour of my presence. Just here let me observe that Homebush is a small township about eight miles from Sydney ; its principal attractions are a cattle-yard and a public' house, and its chief exports are fat beef and offensive odours. Up to the present date Home bush is not celebrated as being the birthplace of any very important personage, but it can breed more flies in one day, without artificial aid, than the inhabitants can find use for in one year. I am purposely particular in thus describing Homebii3h because it has really nothing whatever to do with my present subject, and we live in an age when the men and the matters which are of the least im portance command the most attention. Sir 'Eury Parkes and his recent panegyric on soap are very fair examples of this repulsive fact. My principal reasons for undertaking the Homebush pilgrimage were to collect subscriptions from the 'flat 'and faithful in aid of a mission to discover the Lost Tribes of Israel, and to endeavour to trade off a wall-eyed, bumble-footed Arab steed for £5, the said steed not being worth more than five pence. I lost by the deal — and so did the mission. Having secured my pasteboard, I got into a sumptuously fitted cattle-truck at Redfern, and stretched myself out for a short repost. Before I had comfortably settled down, however, a tall, slab-sided, slopmade looking man, with a wooden, matter-of-fact sort of countenance, backed himself into the same pen, and after pitching a ' bluey,' or swag, weighing about three tons on my stomach, he called out to a distant friend: 'Kim this way, Jorge — lots o' room up here lad.' 'Jorge' turned out to be a short, squat, weak-kneed, aud weak-minded-looking party, dressed in moleskin trousers which were taste fully decorated with about seventeen different strata of mud, a striped shirt, canoe-like boots, and the picturesque cabbage-tree hat of my native land. During the whole of the journey he sat opposite his lanky friend, with both hands planted under his legs, and confined himself to the intellectual amusement of chewing 4d. a lb. tobacco; at the same time gazing into his com panion's face as intently as a hungry school-boy would into a cook-shop window. The first man having taken his seat, placed a cake of ' tin-tag' by his side, scraped the ashes loose in a vilesmell ing black pipe, and then carefully shook the lot over my hitherto spotless Sunday trousers. I at once sat up .to apologise, and, at the same time, my fellow-traveller placed his pipe in the windward side of his mouth, and with great dexterity blew the balance of the dust in my eyes, after which I was fully occupied until we passed Newtown, wheD, having finished my excavation contract, I had time to notice that the first man had commenced a yarn, which evidently possessed some wonderful interest for his friend 'Jorge,' as that gentleman sat silently staring at the speaker with the fixed gaze of a biologised subject or a baked 'possum, occasionally varying the monotony of the perfor mance by squirting out from between his teeth a stream of chocolate-coloured juice, equal to the flood from a five-inch hose. ' Y' see Jorge,' began the. first man in a slow, drawling, Dean -of - St.- Andrew's tone, ' it were like this, ole man. There were a bit o' propitty left to th' nearest o' kin— az them scalliwags o' lawyers calls it — 'bout- half a' acre o' bog close on t' Teapot Swamp, hevin' a one-roomed cottage and a dry well stuck away in a corner. So the young cove arkst me — hevin' a bit of eddecashin like — to pull th3 thing through fur him. Well, y' see, Jorge, I takes the concern, fust ov all to a friend ov mine— chap name Nathan, as worries round fur Cobb & Co., at Orange — good sort o' fellow, I tell ye, ole man, an' knows, who's which, proper. Well, Teddy tackled th' job, and worried at it like a bull-tarrier shakin' an ole boot till he got to th' third generashin or so, and then he begins to hev' kickin' fits, an' uster spend all his loose cash a buyin' up revolvers, and promising 'pon his soul he'd shoot a Guvermint. road through me an' th' young 'un if we ever kirn, within seven miles ov' his place agin | which we didn't, but I kirns slap down 'ere to see Harry Levien, the lawyer, which they say kin ontangle anythink, from a Hallerlooyar lass's bonnet strings up to a act ov Parlymint, an' now he's a rastlin the thing round, an' sez we're to kim down agin at Easter.' There being a brief pause in the first man's tale just here, ' Jorge ' seized the oppor tunity of spitting into the eyes of an unsuspecting youth who was standing on a roadside fence shout ing ' hooray s ' to the passing train, after which the first man struck a match on the southern end of his pants, lit his pipe, and began again. ' Y' see, Jorge, all the trouble comes up in this wise. Ole Podhunter, az was Josif 's original father by his fust mother's side, was a harinliss sort ov an ole fool ; uster keep a kind o1 grocery, an' soiled treacle, an' socks, an' herrins, an' concertiners, an' wimin's fixhvs an' the like ; an' altogether he were a quiet, stoopid, peaceable ole ass — somethin' like yerself, Jorge, an' never troubled the district eny more than a man az had been ten days drowned. Well this yer ole Podhunter married a stuck-up piece o' goods, an' in course o' time she had four young 'uns an' one boy, — which is the Josif I'm a talkin' over — by this yer Podhunter, or mebbc he hedthim himself, blow'd if you could ever toll how it was in this pevmiskiss family, an' this Mrs. Podhunter uster to nose'n round all day with her dress tuck'd up an' her socks tuck'd down, an' a kid a danglin' head down'ards, like az not, under one arm, an' a novil in the other, first a readin' ov it, an' a pitchin' to everyone thet comes in az 'ow her father were a baron, an' belonged to a squad o: bushwhackers az cum over with Willyim the Conkeror, an' his name were Ozburn Fitz-Ozburn Plantagenit Jones. Well, p'raps ole Podhunter 'ed be busy up to his shop at tli' time, an' the kids 'ed be a scootiu' about getting tangled under his heels, an' the Missus 'ed be a blowin' about her pa the baron, and naterilly enuf, Pod uster get his back up, and uster say as how he wish'd to the everl.istin' grashus az she were a barren too — bein' a joculir sort o' man when, he were annoyed, y' see, Jorge ; an' then the baron's dorter uster bang the ole man over the baldy part ov his head with the child, an' then Pod would catch on, an' p'raps back her over into the treacle tub, an' jist here a customer 'ed kim in an' he'd hev to spend 'arf-an-'our ontanglin' the Podhunters afore he'd get enyone fresh enuf to serve him. This waz all very well at first, but in course o' time the lovin' pair grows sick ov it, an' ole Podhunter ups an' gets divorst ; then they splits, an the Missus sez as how she wouldn't be seen with Pod at a cat light, while the old 'un circulatid reports that th' baron's dorter waz web-footed like a duck, an' uster snore in her sleep loud enough to wake an Egypshin mummy. Well, they got along tip-top arter this until the winter sot in, an' then ole Pod began to think az 'ow 'arf a loaf were better then no bread ; an' he uster hev nightmares, an' talk thrash in his sleep — in fact he got kinder 'lonely to-night love widout you,' az th' song sez — d'ye foller me Jorge ? ' Here the first man gave a knowing wink, and leaning over he dealt 'Jorge ' a dig in the ribs that caused him to let out a roar like a mad bull, after which the joker tackled his yarn once more. ' Well, t' get on with me story, Jorge, there'd a been no trubble at all if the Podhunters lied kept az they were, only what does this ole ass do but he ups an' marries Mrs. Podhunter's own sister, which were a long, narrer kind o' woman az looked like a last year's cornstalk stuck in a this year's flour bag, an' then, pickle me bloomin' Susannah, if th' ferst Mrs. Podhunter, jest to let th: old cove see she was lively yet, didn't up an' marry an ole Jurmin galoot named Schwartz enberger. ' 'No!' exclaimed Jorge, with a sudden burst of doubt and astonishment breaking over his wooden face, — 'Y' don't mean t' tell me that, James?' ' So 'elp me Jimmy Jonsin,' continued the first man, 'she did so, an' here's where the trubble began to open up az it were. Y see, young Josif's aunt was now his own mother, becoz she were hitch 'd to Josif's ole man ; whereas Josif's own mother waz his own aunt, being Podhunter's new wife's sister, an' at the same time Schwartzenberger waz Josif's own father, hevin married Josif's own mother ; an' Josif's own father waz th' boy's own uncle by his mother's side accordin'. D'ye foller me, Jorge V ' For a moment or so, ' Jorge' looked as dumfoundered as if he had just bumped up against old Fisher's ghost, but having relieved his feelings by shooting another Niagara of tobacco essence out through the carriage window he said he 'foller'd,' and the first man drifted along again. 'Weil, az I tell yer, Jorge, this Schwartzenberger az I speak ov, waz a fat-headed, drunken cuss, . an' u&ter; skite to th' folks that he were a Count in Jurmihy, which he were no more a Count, Jorge, nor you are. Ole Reubenschrimer, the watch maker, know'd him well, an' sed az how he uster play a big wooden concern, ^called a bass jibboom, in a dog-an'-monkey circus band ; his father being a polony maker, an' they do say he made awful mean polonies, too. Howsomever, this Schwartzenberger got tryin' to stop a runaway hoss an' cart one day by stretchin' out his arms an' yellin' Jurmin at it, an' they hed th' tallest sort o' row at that funeril, Jorge, az hez ever been seen, since th' battle o' Waterloo. Mrs. Schwartzenberger sed Josif should go into black fur his poor, dead pa, an' ole Podhunter sed he'd be dern'd if he do, as his poor, dead father wasn't dead 'at all, an' could bust in th' head ov eny galoot his weight that sed he waz ; so th' end ov it waz they made Josif go half in white an' half in black, till y' couldn't tell the young 'un from an ole magpie ; an' jest at that time who should land over from Ameriker but a Christy Minstril feller. by, the name of Jobson. He were a kind oy furriner, Jorge — let's see what's this y' calls them^—-^' Here the speaker dropped into a thoughtful, puzzled air, and drawled out to himself, 'Sort;ov furriner, Jorge — hed a hogskin coloured face . an! wire hair.' 'Jorge' woolled his head for a time, and then suggested that Mr. Jobson 'was probably 'a Gaffir — thim az wos in. th' war at Afriky.' The puzzled party didn't seem to notice ?the remaik at first, but continued thinking for a few moments more, after which he muttered ' absti-actedly, ' Gaffirs ? no, bless yer soul, Jorge. GafBrs is the three' card men an' doodle-em-buck players on th' racecourse ;' and then, as the right word flashed to his mind, he gave his, friend a play ful push that sent him head first; into the opposite corner, and exclaimed, ? 'He were aMerlatter, Jorge^ — that's him— kind o' mule-bred furriner, an' uster play th' , bull fiddle at the big theayters.', ' Jorge, ' having recovered his seat, laid the dust for half -a'-mile along the road once more, and the first man continued, 'Yes, he were a Merlatter, Jorge, an' ez the original Mrs. Podhunter hedu't previously ;;mixed up with Merlatters, s'elp me Kit, if she didn't up and marry this feller, Jobson ; so now you see at once that young Josif's real father was only his uncle twice removed, whilst, his own mother bein' his aunt, his present father's' wife waz his' aunt's sister's cousin, an' his father's first cousin bein' his sister-in- law's brother, his uncle was his own mother's niece, and his other father bein' dead, his mother's sister waz his aunt's cousin Jurmin, bein' old Schwartzenberger's widow \\-y his first wife — D'ye foller me, Jorge ?' ' Jorge' made no reply, and as he didn't even expectorate this time, it was evident there was some trouble amongst his internal machinery. 'Well,' continued the other, ' fur fear things wasix't mixed enuf, old Podhunter's wife inusb step out an' die, jest at the time when she ought to hev held on, an' straightened young Josif's affairs for him ; an' what duz ole Podhunter do but makes matters worse by hitchin on to Schwartzenberger's sister, ez owned a bakery biz ness, an' waz az old as Methusalim's maiden aunt.' 'James,' said the unbelieving ' Jorge,' 'you're a tryin' t' hov me.' ' May I never lift from this spot,' replied the first man solemnly, ' ef he didn't tackle th' Jurmin frow, an' now y' can see yerself, Jorge, how the thing got muddled, becoz old Pod hunter's wife bein' his niece's husband's sister, ov course his son's mother waz his cousin's aunt, an' his uncle by his first mother, bein' formerly married to his sister's cousin, naeherally enuf, Josif's own father waz his uncle's nephew, at the same time that his mother's brother waz Cousin Jurmin to his own father's aunt, an' Josif's uncle bein' his step son's niece, her cousin was Josif's aunt by his first wife— D'ye foller me, Jorge V' It was evident at this stage of the conversation that 'Jorge' was carefully going mad, and worse than all, I was now at my journey's end, but I stood close to the carriage door in the fervenb hope of hearing the lust of ' Josif '&' tangled family ties. After making a futile attempt to drown a passing porter with a deluge of liquified 'Barrett's Twist,' 'Jorge' got himself into the 'attention' attitude once more, and the first man went on as follows : — ' Well, y' see, Jorge, by-en-bye the first Mrs. Podhuuter her az waz ole Ozburn Fitz Ozburn et cettery, th' baron's daughter — hev y' kept yer eye on her, Jorge?— good lad; well she ups and dies too — died from too much joy on the brain, they sed, but it waz more liker too much beer ; so now young Josif began to get bushed entirely, hevin' neither father nor mother by his first parents, an' hevin' a doocid sight more than he knew what to do with Ity the rest ov 'em, so th' poor kid uster togo continerly moonin' about with a junk o' chalk, a trying to finger out on th* fences an' th' sides ov his house how much ov him belonged to the Jurmin, an' whether he hed the most right to be called Christyin man or a dern'd ole Merlattur mule. I think Josif would hev worked it out in time if it warn't for this. Jest as Mrs. Podhunter, the baron's dorter's funeral fixins were stowed away, I be blest ef this yer Jobson, az ' was tli' bull fiddle player, didn't catch on to ole Podhunter's third wife, which was Schwartzen berger's sister. So now y' see, Jorge, the game stood like this.' Here the train started on its long journey ; I clung to the carriage door, ran along the platform at the risk of spraining my neck, and yelled to the first man to speak out, but time, and tide, and trains wait for no man (except a rich man), and I could only catch from the first man's drawl: 'Therefore, Jorge, Josif's first father's aunt was his present mother's niece, by that yer Merlattur feller's sister's son, but Schwartzenberger hevin' died widout is3ue, Podhunter's former wife was Josif's step-daughter's cousin, while his uncle's nephew being his brother's Avife, naeherally enuf Josif's own mother was his ? .' Here I lost the balance of this eventful history, and the iron horse bore its interesting passengers out of sight and sound, leaving me as anxious and excited over ' Josif 'a ' tangled ties aa a young wife with a new baby — or a new bonnet. 