FOOTBALL. -A CITY V. RAILWAY. This match took place on the upper ground last Saturday, and may be characterised as a very one sided affair. The attendance was one of the best of the season, there being present nearly 1,200 spectators. The City started the play by kicking in the direction of the eastern goal. Directly after the ball had been kicked off, Patterson had an easy chance afforded him of distinguish- ing himself for the City, but failed, owing to an erratic kick. The ball was then scuffled towards the City sticks, where Briggs at once ran up No. 1 for the Locos. This was followed by Burn putting up No. 2 for the Railway five minutes afterwards. The play now began to verge on the fast and furious, several of the contestants getting knocked about in a very rough manner, i No. 3 went up for the Locos through the agency of Hehir. Ryan now had a chance afforded him, and by a good place kick he put up No. 1 for the City. Half time was then called, the score standing, Railway, 3 goals 8 behinds City, 1 goal 2 behinds On play being resumed matters, got worse and worse for the City, who fought hard, but were checkmated at every point by the sturdy Locos. The play was again in uBunlly lough, various of the players getting some severe bruises. No. 4 goal was kicked by Briggs, which was emulated by Burn kicking No. 5, Cheverton kicked No. 6, Dunlop No. 7, and the irrepressible Briggs put up the last one of the day for the Railway (No. 8). Just before the call of time Ryan had to be taken off the field through an injury sustained in a collision with Bagley. The game in, the second half may be briefly summed up as an extremely soft thing for the Railway, who did not afford their opponents a ghost of a show for scoring a point, and Bagley, Cundy, Briggs, Cheverton, Burn, Hehir, Nicholson, and Sullivan all played well for the Railway, as did Watt, Seabrook, Turner, Kcrloy, Lindley, Ryan, Molloy, and Bingham for the City. The ultimate result was-Railway, 8 goals 20 behinds ; City, 1 goal 8 behinds. Messrs. Westcott and Hughes officiated as goal umpires, the duties of central umpire de- volving on Mr. F. Lovett. All gentlemen gave satisfaction. 