Amusements. New Opesa House. — This evening Mr, George Darrell's ? drama, 'Transported for Life,' will be played for the last time. The sensational situations in thin piece are cleverly workedup, particularly that, in the'third act, where the hero and heroine are seen straggling in mid-ocean, and where they are saved by a passing steamer. The introduction of the latter is a highly effective sample of stage mechanism. On Monday evening Boucicault's ** Streets of New York' will be produced, with Mr. Darrell as Badger, a character in which he has achieved distinction. ? . Gaiett Theatre. — 'Hamlet' was reproduced on Friday night in the presence of a large audience, which was vociferous in its applause of Mr. Alfred Dampier's able interpretation of the leading charac ter. The aotor was frequently called before the curtain. The ghost was represented by Mr. 6. Rblloway, and by no means badly, albeit, as mani fested through the medium of that round-voiced and substantial looking veteran, 'King Hamlet, might, on the whole, be -thought to have thrived during his sojourn amidst 'fasting fires.' Mr. B. N. Jones made a capital Polonius. Encouraged by the suocess which - the tragedy has met with, the management intends to repeat it each Friday evening during the remainder of the season. To night will be given the sensational drama of 'The Eoyal Pardon,' in -which -M.1-. Bampier will sustain four different characters. Theatre Eoyal. — ' Iolanthe' has been repeated to good houees all the week. The Lord Chancellor of Mr. Howard Yernon, if wanting the perfect finish of that of Mr. Robert Brough, is yet a very admirable performance, and, like most things which Mr. Yernon has attempted, shows him to be ft painstaking as well as intelligent artiBt. Excellent as the impersonation was at first, it has decidedly improved, and will doubtless continue to do so. The Fairy Queen of Miss Alice Barnett can only be referred to in terms of unqualified praise. The character has served to display more conspicuously, perhaps, than either of those in which she had pre viously appeared., the fine qualities of Miss Barnett's voice. - A word may also be said in recognition of the marked ability which Miss Ida Osborne shows in her; little part. ' Iolanthe ' will be with drawn next Saturday evening in favor of Messrs Gilbert and Sullivan's latest work, 'The Mikado,' the popularity of which in England and America has rivalled that of any of the former's quartette of comic operas which immediately pre ceded it from the same source. - The Olympic. — ' Don Juan, Jun.,' with Miss Amy Horton as the irresistible Don has, since its first pro duction last Saturday evening, continuedto be well re ceived. The costumes worn by the various characters in this burlesque are very brilliant, and, as far at least as the ladiei are concerned, be^ng adjusted on the Norah Creena principle of ' leav ing every beauty free to sink or swell, as heaven pleases,' offer a peculiarly attrac tive spectacle to students of the human form divine. The danuing of the sisters Martin is an interesting feature in the performance. Academy of -Music— Mr. Harry Eickards's com pany draws large audiences. The songsof the ' star comique ' are greatly enjoyed by his hearers, and he receives important assistance from the members of the company, notably from Miss Nelly Wilson, who shows considerable capabilities as a step-dancer ; from Miss Daisy Simpson, who excels in character songs ; from Miss Juneen, who especially shines as a 'Dutch' girl, and from Mr. Austin, the lightning cartoonist. Alhambea Music Hall.— The performances of Mr. FranJc Smith's Variety Company are nightly en livened by full houses, and the entertainment, which the energetic manager provides for his numerous patrons, seems to be highly relished by the latter. Mr. Smith announces the first appearance on Mon day evening- next of Mr. John Matloek, a basso singer and specialty artist, and the re-engagement of the popular comic singer, Mr. W, P. Keen. Arrange ments are being- made with other artists of repute. Feyee's Cibctjs. — The unique exhibition at Bel more Park, as might be expected, draws crowds of sightseers. Of ordinary equestrian business, there is, indeed, little or nothing to be witnessed in Mr. Fryer's show ; but it must be admitted that there is much more of interest as well as of novelty in the spectacle of dogs and goats going through such feats on horseback as have commonly been thought of as only to be compassed by human skill aad daring. Matinee performances take place every Saturday. Botany Sacked Concert. — On Sunday afternoon the customary grand, sacred and classical concert will be given in the Sir Joseph Banks Pavilion, Botany. A select programme will be rendered under the con ductorship of Mr. Charles SohiedeL The following ladies are among the 'sweet singers:' — Miss Amy Howe, Miss Marion Saunders, Miss Millie Herbert, Miss Ida Francis, and Miss Grace Follande. Messrs. A. Farley, W. Eyan, H. Barring-ton, H. Clay, and B. Henrix will also appear. As trams for Sydney leave immediately after the entertainment, visitors are enabled to return in ample time. Cottier's Concerts. — -To-night, in the Protestant Hall, a grand holiday programme will be submitted by the popular minstrels. Johnny Cowan, Wai. Cottier_, and C. Bovis will amuse with their mirth provoldng comicalities, and the Misses BlacMe, Cary, Walton, Cottier, and Sherwood will assist in filling a big entertainment. These Saturday night concerts prove as attractive and popular as ever. Dion Boucicaujlt. — Mr. and Mrs. Dion Bouci cault are crowding the theatre in Dunedin with their splendid performances. The greatest enthusiasm prevails. The famous author-actor has expressed himself highly pleased with MacMahon and Leitch's management. Previously to his opening night, although fatigued from his journey sonth, he attended a benefit performance, tendered by Mr. George Leitch to the Dnntdin Fire Brigade, and witnessed the production of the charming little drama, ' Sithors to Grind.'. The great comedian's expressions of approval must have been very gratify ing to the management. He not only praised 4he piece and the performance generally ; but declared that he had seen no better acting than Mr. Leitch's in the part of Joe Stammers since he had witnessed the great Jefferson's performances of ' Caleb Plummer' and ' Eip Van Winkle.' Metropolitan Liedertafel. — The twelfth con cert of this society was given in the New Masonic Hall oh Thursday evening. It was a smoke concert, or what is so called, and therefore ladies were not admitted, and half the charm of the affair was lost. From a musical point of view the concert was cer tainly enjoyable. The pert songs were effectively rendered, and the solos were above the average, while the instrumental portion was decidedly good. A member of the society, who possesses a really excellent tenor voice, which only requires more education to be admirable, sang two songs, which were among the chief features of the evening. Mr. Hallewell was down for some songs ; but, as he did not appear, his place was satisfactorily filled by Mr. Eainford. As a whole, the concert reflected great credit on the mem bers,- and specially upon Mr. J. Ashcroft Edwards, the conductor. lions de Willimoff was the solo violinist, and played two movements from DeBeriot's 7th concerto in his best style. 