"OLD ROACH" AND HIS ADOPTED DAUGHTER. BY HARRY J. CONGREVE. CHAPTER X.— (Continued.) There are not many people of the present day who understand what a water-cart in the bush signifies. But in the olden time when the word was passed along, from hut to hut, that a water-cart was coming, there used to be a great mustering of money and draw- ings on account of wages due. While the cart was in the neighborhood the unsuspecting squatters were filled with wonder as to where the grog came from that was evidently being consumed by their men. The fact is a water-cart was simply a sly grogshop on wheels. Ostensibly fitted up as a hawker's cart, it carried slung under the axle a keg of rum, and it was by the sale of this latter that the principal part of the profit was made. Sometimes the owner of a cart was pro- fessedly a dealer in sheepskins, or a travelling shoemaker, but in all cases the keg was there, unsuspected. The posi- tion in which it hung and the necessity on some of the roads for carrying water took away all suspicion from it, and though the carts have been sometimes searched for illicit spirits, the keg always passed without examination. The bridge was finished, and the final cheques drawn on a beautiful morning. The bridge had been opened with some ceremony, and a general holiday given to all the hands. The cook had re- ceived special orders to dress a good dinner for the men, and a large allow- ance of plums had been served out so as to make the festivities complete. The men were all dressed out in their best. Clean blue shirts and white moleskin trousers were the rule, with variously colored silk handkerchiefs around their necks. They were now hanging about the huts, or sitting on the fences, waiting the striking of the gong which should call them to dinner, when one of them who was seated on a log, in full view of the track, called out, " Hallo, boys, here's good luck. Here's Bob Whitelaw's watercart com- ing." There was a general muster to the point of view, and flutter of excitement among the men, as the cart drew into camp a distance away, in a clump of timber and out of view of the " house." A stampede to the huts followed and then a rush to the cart, where Bob was soon as busy as he could be, serving out rum in nobblers and bottles, as fast as possible to his thirsty customers. Harry was satisfied with a moderate nobbler, but Bill at once invested in a bottle, and before the gong sounded had swallowed at least half the contents. When dinner was ready the grog seller, filling a bottle as a present for the cook, went with the men to the hut, and partook with them of the extra fare pro- vided. But we have now to do with Bill. Bill, was not sociable in his drinking, nor did the drink make him more com- panionable. Having finished his bottle he immediately after dinner had it re- plenished and retired by himself to enjoy it. Here in solitude he cogitated over his intended vengeance. It must be accomplished before the morrow, as his work being finished he must leave in the morning. But how was it to be done ? Oh ! if she would come out as she did that night, when he was such a fool as to believe it was her ghost. How easily he might have taken her away then. To think of all the years of suf- fering and terror she had caused him, and she to be alive all the time, and en- joying life too ! It was enough to madden a fellow. With every such thought, the bottle went to his mouth, only to add fuel to the fire ; a condensed, hidden fire it is true, though none the less fierce. By the time he had finished his second bottle he was as much intoxi- cated as some of the men who lay help- lessly about, though his gait was as steady, and his voice as clear as ever. There was, however, a dangerous gleam in his eye that promised mischief to aught that crossed his purpose. The fineness of the weather and the warmth of the sun had again tempted Mrs. Gray and Lucy out. They had a favorite walk. Along the banks of the creek over which the new bridge had been thrown, ran a little bush track. It led to an outstation belonging to the same run. It was called a station track as it had been made by the cart that was accustomed to take the weekly rations of flour, tea, and sugar to the shepherds. It skirted the stream for some distance, about half-a-mile, and then turning through a clump of wattles mounted a little hill and then dived down upon a circulor flat. This flat, of small extent, was as level as a bowling green, and bare of timber, save one beautiful peppermint in the centre. Around on every side was a dark un- broken forest, extending in one direction to the very banks of the Murray. It was the custom of Mrs. Gray and Lucy to extend their rambles as far as this flat, and on returning pause for a while on the summit of the hill, where a rough seat had been put up, to admire the scenery while they rested. It was in this direction, then, that they had started, and unfortunately for them, Bill, as he emerged from his retreat with the intention of procuring another bottle, saw the flutter of their dresses as they passed an opening in the timber. " By George," exclaimed Bill, " now is my time. I'll follow them. What a lucky job I put my swag over in the island." Carefully picking his way through the timber, he avoided the track while keeping the women in sight, until he saw them cross the hill and disappear down the opposite slope. Now feeling sure of his prey he emerged openly on the path, and pushed hastily forward. When he, in his turn, crossed the hill the two ladies had reached the extremity of the flat, and had turned to retrace their steps. Bill turned aside behind a clump of thick busily, and waiting until they were within two or three yards, he stepped into the track and suddenly confronted them. For a few moments, though startled, the two women were not much alarmed, but when, as they endeavored to pass him, he barred the passage with his arm, they became really frightented. They remembered how far they were from the station, and how helpless was their position. Poor Mrs. Gray was too frightened to speak and slunk back behind Lucy. The latter, however, was a brave girl, and stepping forward said, "Allow us to pass, please. Don't you see it is Mrs. Gray ?" "Oh, yes ! l know Mrs. Gray, and I know you, too, Lucy," said Bill. "Lucy at this looked up. Bill had removed his hat, and with a shriek she at once recognised him. " Oh, come," said he, " your shrieks won't frighten me now, but it's not you I want this time, its the Sydenham lass. I thought I had drowned her once, and so she cheated me. I mean to have her now, spite of——" Here Lucy broke in. " Oh, Bill, Bill, don't be so wicked. Let us pass, do let us pass, and we won't say anything about it." "No fear, my beauties, no fear. I've waited for this chance, and nothing shall stop me now." "Oh, for the love of heaven, say you are only joking — only trying to frighten us." " Stand out of my way, Lucy, I don't want you, I say," and Bill reached forward to catch hold of Mrs. Gray. He grasped her dress, indeed, but Lucy flew to her help and flung her arms around her. " You shan't take her except over my dead body, you cowardly ruffian. You are a brave man, truly, to attack women. You'd shake before a man," said she. " Won't you let go?" said Bill, his passion exceeding all bounds, "then take that !" and he struck her a violent blow that sent her to the ground. Then seizing Mrs. Gray round the waist and crying " Victory, victory," he threw her over his shoulder, and commenced to break his way with rapid strides through the undergrowth. One shriek the poor woman gave 'ere she fainted, but that shriek met with a quick answer. Bill had not proceeded many paces before there was a crackling of the bushes beside him, the form of Harry emerged, and crying " You dastardly coward," he struck him violently to the earth. (To be conducted in our next.) 