THE ST. LEGER . RESERVE. ON I V STEEPLECHASE' DAY.. (bn.ious notes rt a noh'-sporltino man.) . The rain Was a competitive element nt Satur day's races nnd, for my own part, I should have . been rather pleased to see that it had won thei day.- Not that I had any odds on tho weather for I never hot, and Still leak that I could have wished any harm to the few thousand persons who delight two or tlireo times a year in prov- ing that creatures endowed . with -the god like power of reason, made in the image of their Creator and?placed only " a little lower than the angels " can find entertainment and pleasure' and, possibly, food for reflection In the spectacle of n horse-race. Oar forefathers used to amuse themselves with a namby-pamby kind of sport - — prize-fights, bull-fights, bear-baiting3 and the like, and even to this day there are. some who caii eke an evening's aniusemeutout of the men tal savagery of tho ohoss-board. Bnt they are a ; contemptible minority. For the most part iW are : progressive. The racecourse in full swing marks thS superior wisdom of modem civilisa tion. It shows how infinitely more intellectual and refined onr recreation has become. It is a standing protest against idleness, and a noble monument to tho honesty and uprightness of the community. J And yet, ' narrow-minded thongh it may seem, one who does not know a horse from a cow must be pardoned if he would actually have rejoiced that on Saturday the dried-up creeks should have trickled with musical waters, that streamlets Bhould have been swollen into generous rivers, and that the yonng crops should . have been quickened by an abundance of kindly rain rather even than that the last day of the Spring Meetrag a£ llandwick shonld linve been an unqnnlificd snc cess. As to horscracing in general, it is singu lar that some people shonld dnre to condemn it ! without evor having been to see a horserace, nnd it is, perhaps, still more outrageous for- any one who has attended a respectable "meeting" to raise his voice in criti cism. Some people are ibigoted, no doubt; Their dislike does not end with the race, hut it- is, with captions ill-nature, extended to the well- dressed gentlemen'whose only means of liveli hood would be taken from tliem if liorsoracing wero abolished. Very hard 1 Very unfair that a frown should pass over the brow of the clergyman, who, ensconced in a comfortable scat in the smoking-carriage on his way to town, is trying to read a volnme of Macaolay but tryingi in vniu, because a score of book makers are leaning over his shonlder, jamming against him, treading on his corns, and turning up the leaves of his book in their generous interest in tho fortunes of a game of "nap." It ' is heartless, indeed, of the tradesmen - of certain lnrge towns in England to object to the . tide of population that sets in with caoh re- recurring race week. What matter that com merce bo temporarily paralysed 1 What matter that the sheets at tho polico courts ara nbont doable their usual length. What matter that one-half' of the visitors are bejewelled like so many Shahs, that the other half have scarcely a rag to their backs, and that a residuum of such may he seen at nights by the aid, of a policeman's lantern, like so much wreckage thrown up into the gutters by a flooded river 1 Persons who object to this kind of thing must he enemies to happiness and manly sport. If only thoy could but once visit a racecourse, how tho scales would fallf rom thSr eye3 1 If only they could but taste the joys of gambling, what a moral revolution would onsno I What new avenues of recreation would open out before thcin. How soon they wonld learn not only tho intoxicating bliss of backing the win ners and pocketing tlie stakes, but as well the satisfaction of losing, the unselfish joy that comes over ono when he says to himself, " No mattor, my loss'is his gain." But sad to say, broad-inindcdncss has not attained tbeso pro portions. There are still .some foolish people who deplore ill-gotten gains on the one hand, and on the other, heavy embezzle ments, squandered fortnnes, penniless fami lies and moral wreaks ; and there are in. England actually towns where the social status of wealth has been utterly destroyed be cause an irreverent populace refuses to bow to the blackleg's golden calf. Thoy do not know that bookmakers are reputed the most prodigally generons of men, and if they did they would get over it with a quiUble — ask perhaps the natnre of charity horn of a moment's good lortirae una prompicu oj ongni. ureams or rno futnrc. But. passing on from tho general to tho parti cular, from the though/ts of narrow-minded and ignorant persons to the enlightened crowd I encountered, on Satnrdny afternoon when by mistake I wandered Into the St. Legef Reserve, it may be interesting to know that tho first bookmaker I met was Mr. " Pyke." The name was snggestive, and I went to look 5 or his brother, Mr. "Shark." Bnt there wero no Sharks — positively not a Shark in the St- Leger Reserve. In that enclosure they are content with " small fry." Singularly, the very next individual was Mr. Chuck. This gentleman had come all tho way from Mel bourne, and whether it was in honor of Government Honsc or to prevent mistaken Identity, ho wore the words " Tom Chuck " in letters 21n. deep round the front of his hat- Mr. Ohnck appeared to bo laying gplden eggs, for bo'wns cackling at the top of his voico. It ' is unnecessary to further particularise, except porhans to add that many of the names had tin Isrnojatish origin; and that for every Mr. Chuck on the ground there were at least a thousand gec$e. The Members' Handicap had just come oil), and the elite had left the grand-stand for their carriages or the luncheon-room. There were no more faces for at least an hour, but ;'there wns an educated monkey and a " roulette " board in tho reserve, a drizzling shower was proceeding with energy all over the course, and I and those . around mo who had neither luncheon nor carriages to go to cooled our- heels and passed tho time as best we could, Wo were not without some means of refresh-, mcnt, In a dismal shed beneath the stand that is not called "grand," half underground, were five bars, and behind each tholprcsiding gennis of . ono of five public-houses measured draught ale to a thirsty crowd. At length one had time to gazejabout and in comparative quietness" to contemplate the. interesting scene. The shed was in a stato of total eclipse. From without tho rain splashcd-in,- aud gnsts of 'wind enter ing at each end sent frequent chills through tho apartment. Beer bad been spilt on tho counter and running bu to tho boarded floor, had given it the aspect of a ship's'deck in bad wentkor. The fare was cold, and not very sub stantial. There was a very strong smell| of onions uncooked ; ragged lettuce leaves floated abont spacious blue, and white dishes, the ghosts of ham-sandwiches vanished here and there into sepulchral jams, and behind a screen a small boy sang out Bixpenny cups of tea. A more miserable spectacle was surely never inlscallod a scene of amusement. One was forcibly reminded as he beheld it of an assemblage East-end costermongcrs' stalls on a wot iiftornoon. There wore more ill-clad chil. dren thero than I over remember seeing at ono time in Sydney bofore. There wero threo itinerant musicians— sore-eyed, red-noseyt, tat tered and torn old men wliohobbled about with a leer of hhlf-eomical misery, and rather un equally divided their attention between two discordant banjoes and a broken-winded concer tina and the offerings of an ungrateful audience. Like everyone else, those caricatures of human ity wera there on business, and, for my own part, I think fow pennies so honestly gained ns theirs. For above all there is a commercial aspect to races ; and if yon would see that nnd know it >in its essen tial proportions you must look for it amongst tho ragtag and bobtail of the St. Leger Reserve. There tho spirit of play is incarnate, nnd it is not elothed, ns elsowhero, in silks and sutlns ; it is not dlsgnlsed by foppish gallantries ; nor does it pass under name3 of forln and fashion ; bat everyone tacitly, truthfully'recognisos that everyone olso and himsolf ns well is bent on growing suddenly rich. It was not tho lovo of the Sport, nor tho admiration of skill, nor a doting fondness for horseflesh that was dis played there ou' Saturday. It ivas an over- weaning anxiety to make money without the trouble of working for it. It may go by ono name on a raceedi'fs6, by another in tho Ohinese dons of Lower Goorjjb-street. The principleiLs tho same. And for A that mattor, in somo in stances there was neither distinction in principlo npr,yot in tho modo of play. Games of ohanoo as nearly akin to fan-tan its English blaokloga conld mako thorn, wore going on all tho while. I sitw onco, ladeod, a brasen-faaed hassy doable np u "roulette" bonrd, and retire beneath tlie shade of a wall when ti ooaplo of pollcemon passed by ; bnt no sooner lind thoy turned thei hacks than tho game was once more In full swing." And. how about the ".educated mon key?" . Without -the trouble' of "making a book," or the risk of losing a penny, his master was gathering 'shillings mdeh faster than M'Clibe's " busy bee." As he told ns, the game was simpUeity itself. Numerical cards, were dealt out to the bystanders at two for a shilling, a score of " ooonters" wore placed inside a small cylinder, the 'machine was pat in motion, and then , the erndite monkey told off to take one of the "counters." Tho player who was. lucky onongh to hold a corresponding die In his hand was the winner, ivhilst the. managing partner was always " careful ' . tb kaVe ..his' commission. OaeLdbliging.'ybung, gentleman pressed me to give him a " note'' for , a parse containing three sovereigns. ' Of course I declined.' " "Well, open the pnrse," he per sisted, "it won't bite, ".and then, turning to my, nextdoor neighbour he said, with a very obvious! ! wink, "I want him to givo me a start yon see. Tho three sovereigns are there sure enough and (in an undertone) if he'll give me a start I' don't mind lotting him him have the cash. .1 shall sell a dozen fools in ten minutes." Bnt still I refused, nnxion3 only to see tho effect upon others. " Come 'gentlemen expose the triok' and poeket the money," continued the seductive young man. 1 Yon' try, Sir," ad - dressing a tall, slim, sleepy individual from the , country, with the reassnrranoo that lie need hot fear-being bitten.' "Well, I think not, thank'eo," replied the latter, with a broad grin on his face. " I ex posed the trick three times to my coBt at Port Mackay." On those trnly remarkable occasion it . appears tho countryman pur chased wisdom and three very ordinary parses, each containing ;8s., for as many pounds. AU the afternoon the youth elicited the atten tion of a' wonder-stricken crowd. I saw him at intervals still pressing the shining gold pieces into the service of Ins auditors ; bnt, to the beat of my knowledga, his bounty was stub- . bbrnly rejected, and he left the course with as ' many new parses as ho possessed before: I' never sawjpeople so anxious to see their friends enriched and yet fight shy of gold so persis tently themselves. These were but one or two of the ample means by which you were readily relieved of yotir wages.. For the rest, it may bo '. Baid that ovegy possible facility for the use of their wits on the loss of their cash. , But now, "the horses are onl for the "Plate." Thd distant grand' stand is bright with a mo mentary. gleam of subdued ' sunlight, and the drops /of the still falling rain cast a golden sheen over a thousand dazzling toilettes, ranged one abovo another behind his Excellency's box. The - Artillery Band on tho lawn below strikes up . a lively air. Wc hear faint snatches as they float through' tho wind and rain, riven by a chorus of discordant voices. The "ring" in our aristo cratic subnrb movcs.about nnder umbrellas, and the jockeys como. out in thick overcoats. Our own bookmakers, despising the weather, stand by their colors. A pair hove are clothed from head to foot in " NowmarketB " of the brightest scarlet, another pair prefer white coats, and lawn tennis capt very much slouched over tho ear, ono patriarchal individual wears a hoary beard and gold-cased spectacles, and they all maintain sweetest smiles. Small stakes are; taken in the St. Leger Beserve, and apparently a good many half-crowns are changing hands. As the start approaches 'the; hum of voices becomes a perfect bnbel. Though 'the race may- not always he to the swiftest there is a firm belief that the best pair of liing3 is bound to win the day. "Two to ono on the field, bar one/ shohts Solomon in all his glory. " Bar a couple," roars a very hoarse throat from an r/xpanso of fine linen. " Give it a name 1 a baino 1 a name ! Givo it a name 1" plaintively urges a third. Touched by compassion, as thongh to christen somo forlorn thing, wandering about in search of its own identity, a sponsor bobbles forward, and others follow. At length the horse has a name. They all have names. The flag is dropped, and away goes the field. With three miles before them, and thrco times to pass tho grand stand, thoy move off with all the graceful ease of a canter through the. Domain any fine afternoon in the week. Eagle Grange takes the lead, and keeps it until the last round is commonced. But long before then the spectators discover that ' after all it is going to Bo no more than n one-mile race. A.s they pas3, oh in the distance I am punched in tho ribs. " Tom," srys a ssiuu wwuuu nuuiu J, ilUVUl DiliY Ul Uij 111 u before— and heartily hope never to feel again— tl Torn they'ro cantering," and he laughed as thongh his sides were made of strong elastic. For my own part I saw nothing particularly fuAny iu the fact that three horse3 were travel ling quietly over the moistoned grass. For tho second timo they pass in front of the reserve,; and now the people, mad because they are going no faster, begin to hoot and jeer. At length tbey turn the corner, and get within a mile of home. This time I am shaken like a rat and .told to be quiet. The gentloman behind mo has laid all his money on Nordenfeldt and doesn't want his mind distracted with noise. Of coarse nobody else was shouting but me. Now they approach the tnrn for home, and this time Nordenfeldt is well to tho front. It is no longer a race. JIy friend's horse has won— won just as our sport ing man said it would win— nnd an unknown hand is thrust into mine; mine is mercilessly squozen ; scores brush past me, and I am left alone to see those who " named " the winner surge .in shouting, yelling, scuffling crowds round Vhe bookmakers. 