Sube&Btein;'s Flaying-. (REPUBLISHED BY REQUEST). " Jud, they say you heard Ruben stein play when you were in New York ?" I did, in the cool." Well, tell us all about it." " What! me ? I might's well try to tell you about the creation of the world." " Come, now; no mock modesty, Jud ; go ahead." " Well, sir, he had the blamedest, biggest, cattycornerdest pianner you ever laid eyes on ; somethin' like a distracted billiard-table on three legs. The lid was lusted, and mighty well it was. If it hadn't been, he'd a tore the intire insides clean out, and scattered 'em to the four winds of heaven." Played well, did he ?" " You bet he did ; but don't interrupt me. When he first sat down he 'peared to keer mighty little 'bout playin', and wisli't he hadn't come. He tweedleeedled a little on the treble, and twoodleoodled some on the bass—-just foolin' and boxin' the thing's jaws for bein' in his way. And I says to the man settin' next me, says I, What sort of fool playin' is that ?' And 1 he says ' Hush !' But presently his hands began chasin' one 'nother up and down the keys, like a passel of rats seamperin' through a garret very swift. Parts of it was sweet though, and reminded me of sugar squirrel turnin' the wheel of a candy cage. "' Now,' I says to my neighbor,' he's a sliowin' off. He thinks he's a doin' of it, but he ain't got no idea, no plan of nothin.' If he'd play a toon of some kind or other I'd " But my neighbor says ' Hush 1' very impatient. " I was just about to get up and go home, bein tired of that foolishness, when I heard 1 a little bird waking up away off in the words, and callin' sleepy like to bis mate, and I looked up and I see that Rubin was beginnin' to take some interest in his business, and I set down again. It was the peep of the day. The light came faint from the cast, the breeze blowed gentle and fresh, some birds waked up in the orchard, and some more in the trees near the house, and all begun singin' together. People began to stir, and the gal opened the shutters. Just then the first beam of the sun fell upon the blossoms a leetle more, and it techt the roses on the bushes, and the next thing it was broad day; the sun fairly blazed, the birds sang like they'd split their throats ; all the leaves was movin' and flashing diamonds of dew, and the whole wide world was bright and happy as king. Seemed to me like there was a good breakfast in every house in the land, and not sick child or woman anywhere, It jras a fine mornin'. " And I gays to my neighbor,' That's music, that i6." " But be glared at me like he'd like to to cut my throat." " Presently the wind turned : it began to thicken up, and a kind of thick grey mist came over things; I got lowspirited directly. Then a silver rain began to fall. I could see the drops touch the ground ; some flashed up like long pearl ear-rings, and the rest rolled away like rubies. It was pretty, but melanrfwly. Then the pearls gathered themselves into long strands and necklaces, and then they melted into thin streams running between golden gravels, and then the 6tre&ms; joined each other at the bottom of the hill, and made a brook that flowed silent, except that you could kinder see music, especially when the bushes on the bank moved as the music went along down the valley. I could smell the flowers in the meadow, But the sun didn't shine, nor the birds sing ; it was a foggy day, but not cold, The most curious thing was the little white angel boy, like you see in pictures, fbaf run ahead of the mupic brook; and led it on and on, away out of the world, where no man ever was—1 never was, certain. Icould see the boy just as plain as I see you. Then the moonlight came without any sunset, and shone on the graveyards, where some few ghosts lifted their hands and went over the wall; and between the black, sharp-topt trees splendid marble houses rose up, with fine ladies in the lit-up windows, and men that loved 'em, but never got a-nigh em', and played on guitars tinder the trees— and me that miserable I could 'a cried, because I wanted to love somebody, I don't know who, better than the men with guitars did. Then the sun went down; it got dark, the wind moaned and wept like a lost child for its dead mother, and I could a' got up and there and then preached a better sermon than any I ever listened to. There wasn't a thing in the world left to live for, and yet I didn't want the music to stop one bit. It was happier to be miserable, than to be happy without being miserable. I couldn't understand it. I hung my head and pulled out my handkerchief, and blowed my nose well to keep from cryin'. My eyes is weak anyway ; I didn't want anybody to be a gazin' at me a-snivellin', and its nobody's business what I do with my nose. It's mine. But some several glared at me as mad as Tucker. Then, all of a sudden, old Rubin changed his tune. He rip'd and he rar'd, aud hetip'd and lietar'd,and he charged like the grand entry at a circus. 'Peared to me that all the gas in the house was turned on at once, things got so bright, and I hilt up my head, ready to look any man in the face, and not afear'd o' nothin'. It was a circus, and a brass band, and a big ball, all going on at the same time. He lit into them keys like a thousand of bricks, he gave 'em no rest, night or day ; he set every livin' joint in me a-goin', and, not bein' able to stand it no longer, I jumpt up, sprang on to my seat, and jest hollered— «< Go it, my Rube!' " Every blamed man, woman and child ia the house rizon uie, and shouted ' Put him out! Put him out! " ' Put your great-grandmother's grizzly gray greenish cat into the middle of next month 1' I says, ' Tetch me if you dare ! I paid my money, and you jest come a-nigh me." With that some several policemen ran up, and I had to simmer down. But I would a' fit any fool that laid hands on me, for I was bound to hear Rube out or die. " He had changed his tune again. He hoplight ladies, and tip-toed fine from eend to eend of the keyboard. He played soft, and low, and solemn. I heard the church bells over the hills. The candles in heaven were lit one by one ; I saw the stars rise. The great organ of eternity began to play from the world's end, and the angels went to prayers. . . , Then the music changed to water, lull of feeling that couldn't be thought, and began to drop —drip, drop, drip, drop—clear and sweet like tears of joy fallin' into a lake of glory. It was as sweet as a sweetheart sweetened with white sugar, mixed with powdered silver and seed diamonds. It was too sweet. I tell you the audience cheered. Rubin, he kinder bowed, like he wanted to say, ' Much obleeged, but I'd rather you wouldn't interrupt me.' u He stopped a minute or two to fetch breath. Then he got mad. He run his fingers through his hair, he shoved up his sleeves, he opened up his coat-tails a leetle further, he drug up his stool, he leaned over, and, sir, he just went for that old pianner. He slapt her face, he boxed her jaw6, he pulled her nose, he pinched her ears, and he scratched her cheek till she fairly yelled. He knock't her down, and he stampt on her shamefully. She bellowed like a bull, she bleated like a calf, she shrieked like a rat, and then he wouldn't let her up. He ran a quarter stretch down the low grounds of the bass till he got clear into the bowl's of the earth, and you heard thunder galloping after thunder thro' the caves of perdition ; and then lie foxchased his right hand with his left until he got away out of the treble into the clouds, whar the notes was finer than the points of cambric needles, and you couldn't hear nuthin' but the shadders of 'em. And then he wouldn't let that old pianner go. He for'ard two'd, he cross't over first lady, he balanced to pards, he chassede right and left, back to your places, he all hands'd aroun', ladies to the right, promenade all, in and out, here and there, back and forth, up and down, perpetual motion, doubled and twisted and turned and tacked and tangled into forty-'leven double bow knots. " By jings ! it was a mistery. And then he wouldn't let the old pianner go. He fetched up his right wing, he fetcht up his left wing, he fetcht up his centre, he fetcht up his reserves. He firedb files, he fired by platoons, by companies, by regiments, and by brigades. He opened his cannon, siege guns down thar, Nordenfeldts here, twelve-pounders yonder, big guns, little guns, middlesized guns, round shot, shells, shrapnels, grape, canister, mortars, mines, and magazines, every livin' battery and bomb agoin' at the same time. The house trembled, the lights danced, the wall 6huk, the floor come up, the ceilin come down, the sky split, the ground rockt— heaven and earth, creation, 6weet potatoes, Moses, ninepences, glory, twopenny nails, my Mary Ann, hallelujah Sampson in a simmon tree, Jurrossal'm, Tump Thomson in a tumbler cart, roodleoodle-oodle-oodle-oodle—ruddle ruddle nddle-uddle-uddle—raddle addle-addleaddle—riddle iddle-iddle-iddle—reetle eetle-eetle-eetle—p-r-r-r-r-lang! perlang! per lang 3 p-r-r-r-rlang 1 BAKG ! « With that bang ! he lifted himself bodily into the a'r, and came down with his knees, his toes, his ten fingers, hi elbows, and his nose, striking every single solitary key on that pianner at the same time. The thing busted, and went off into seventeen hundred and forty-two bemi-demi-semi-quavers ; and I know'd no mo', " When I come to, I were under ground about twenty foot, in a they call Oyster Bay, treatin' a Yankee that I never laid eyes on before, and never expect to agin. Day was a- breakin' by the time 1 got to the St Nicholas Hotel, and I pledge you my word J did not know my name. The man asked ice the number of my room and I told him, 'Hot jnusic on the half shell for two.' I pintedly did.*'-—New York Music Jrarfe Review, 