Lightwares. By a Pedlar. That every line which written here may be Go to its marie straight aad unerringly; That every laugh be clean and fairly bought; That condemnation never go unsought ; That, cut or thrust or lend approving cheer. Aim may be honest, thought and purpose clear. Queer notions, queer phrases, and strange pro phecies go about the elections and their large result in the coming Parliament. 'Sir Henry is coming back again strong as a lion.' 'He has all his old tail behind him.' ' He will be in power for three years.' 'He will not last three weeks.' 'He is not on speaking terms with his own party.' 'The old party as cohesive as ever.' 'Sir John will not come in without perfect surrender in the matter of the Land Act.' 'Sir J ohn has already agreed to join.' They are well informed and occasionally shrewd people who talk in this style; but one who seemed tome to have seen farther into the millstone than any other fired a bolder shot, and said, ' Do you want tq know what will happen ? I will tell you. The next Go vernment will be formed in the parlour of a certain bank, and from that parlour this colony will be ruled through the next three years.'' 'Perhaps that would be the best thing for us,' says another; 'for I see a time ahead which is not to be got over by lavish expenditure, or by invit ing the world to great exhibitions, or by babbling about our marvellous progress, or by anything in the world but hard financing.' That seemed to me to be a foolish man; for financing, strange occult science as it may be, is not allied to natural progress, or the satisfactory order of events. Financing will help a man across a hard time if he is sure of finding a good standing ground on the other side, but that is just what no man in New South Wales can be sure of just now. We may be perfectly certain of the hard time. It is here now, and it is going to keep here for a long while, and we shall understand it a good deal better if we try to answer the question, 'To what were we indebted for the soft time which we enjoyed a while ago ? What sent us ahead with hops and skips and leaps and bounds, from cottages to mansions, from offices to palaces, from five to twelve shillings a day, and a hundred to a thousand a year ? What filled our ports with shipping, our banks with moneys our faces with satisfaction, our hearts with, pride?' ? ' Free trade.' 'Silence, you fanatic.' 'A great wave of prosperity.' Go and think, poor generalist. 'The natural development of our resources.' No ! it was just the opposite. It was the unnatural development, the devouring of our principal, and the contempt of legitimate interest. We had a certain commodity called land to sell, and we were willing to sell that land for about two years' fair profit, and we found abundant purchasers, and we spent the money they gave us and had a royal time. And now it is all over; there is land enough left, but it is not of the old sort; and we have also recognised the fact that it is not un limited in quantity. We must be pulled np some day, and we have preferred to pull ourselves up. We are not to sell any more we propose to let it ; but can we let ? There is just now a cloud upon the horizon ; which may appear no bigger than a man's hand, but will shortly overshadow the whole pastoral sky, which is called the Argentine Confederation. You had better, one and all, go and learn a little about that confedera tion, and so prepare yourselves. It is not ray place to teach, nor yet to preach, and, least of all, from some depth of doldrums to be crying Woe woe ! But when woe approaches some one must needs cry. Was no1 the fool of Arthur's Court the first to proclaim the woe brooding over Camelot : I am ! I am thy fool ; But I shall never make thee smile again. Ah ! here is a better sight and a better theme. Here is a something that certainly does not look like hard times. Here is a native-bred fat boy, an infant prodigy, a coming giant, and bred at Eden. Let us acknow ledge our debts to the glorious climate of New South Wales. Age, 10 months; weight, 561b. ; height, 3 feet. What will he be at 20, if nature keeps him alive ? He will surely overtop all those other gianta who formed in Eden and Bega corps at the time of the great volunteer review. But he is set up in a show, poor baby ; he is taken away from the rolling wood- * lands and pastures green'; he is brought into the city, and they use him for a show-baby, and they will try to make of him a show-giant, which in the interests oi humanity is hot right. They are strange institutions, those shows, and useful at times. The very thought of them recalls one strange experience. Everybody remembers the Exhibition'year and the butterfly crew which flitted about the courts and offices ; the hosts of elaborate clerks and secretaries and assistants. How far above all ordinary mortals did they seem, and how deeply did many of them shortly fall. It is sad to think of them now ; they turn up like the old friends of Gordon's sick stockrider. One took to the bush, and another to the Domain, and another to courses that led to 'durance vile,' and another to morphia, and yet another — ah ! how; well I remember that other in tbe rosy, palmy days, when all his coats were without crease, his linen like the very snow before the soi] hath smutched it, his jewels resplendent as stars, and his walk and his talk the delight of women aa the envy of men. Like all the rest, he seemed to go under when the doors were closed ; but he had one particular coat, an ulster, which once seen could never be forgotten. 'And,' says an old friend, walking one day in Pitt street, nearly a year after the show, ' I saw that coat, or its ghost. It looked like its ghost. It was of the same make, colour, shape, as the old material coat, but its substance seemed gone, and, moreover, it seemed to have been familiar with churchyard mould or, something of the sort. There were stains about it, and a smell as of the sepulchre, which may, however, have been of the pawnshop. The arm, which ran like a skeleton arm through the sleeve of the coat, wai ringing a bell at the door of a show (not the fat baby place). - I crossed over the street. I got a look at the face. It was just as ghostly as the coat, but it was the face. No doubt about it. He was ringing the bell at the door, bidding the people walk in, walk in. And when the place was full, he sat down at the piano and played them out again. Poor old fellow, I think he deserved the draft that came to him a little , later on and gave him, at least, auother whiff, of th- world's sunshine.' . It is near the season of snakes and of snake stories. They do not tell snake stories in England, but they philosophise and moralise and theorise upon other stories which are just about as absurd ; as, for example's sake, take this. It is called the Cheshire accident; it may be very briefly; described. The Rev. W. C. Vaughan was driving out to see a sick parishioner. He had pulled up at the; cottage door, and his wife was sitting in the pony carriage waiting. Down the . road came a dray loaded with wheatsheaves ; a man on top riding, with a pitchfork in his hand. Pony, becomes frightened, lady screams, vicar rushes out; man on load leans over, loses his balance, and comes head foremost down, ? the fork in his arms. The prongs of the fork strike the vicar in the chest and pierce his lungs. It is sad,( tragic, strange, unaccountable — a thing that ought not to have been*; but is it such an altogether un precedented thing that a highly cultured weekly journal should make of it a text for a two-column sermon upon the rule of the universe and other matters ? If they jpreach about that, what would they do about such an incident as this, which happened in this colony five years ago, and is correctly related in every particular. It was on a station at shearing time* and every man was desperately busy. There were three acres of sheaf-hay spoiling in a paddock, and the manager said to his buxom wife, ' Could you and I go out, and put some of those sheaves in the shed?' She said, 'Yes; I will stack them on the dray if you will fork them upV And they went out and had worked for an hour or two in the cool of the afternoon. They were at the end of the row at the last sheaf of a stook ; he had raised it on his fork, when from beneath it a brown snake five feet long sprang (literally sprang, says tbe man who saw it) towards his face. He dropped the sheaf; he stood with the fork in his hands as one paralysed. But his wife had seen also, had shrieked in horror as the snake rose, and fainted as tbe sheaf was dropped and the fork raised again—fainted and fell right down upon tbe sharp prongs, which pierced her heart »n-l lulled her instantly. I don't know that any parson or any paper preached about it, but it was a tragedy which surely deserved a sermon. 