SPORTING ITEMS. The weights for the Sale Winter Races will bs-declared to-morrow. The entries are good, and: if Mr Vowlea succeeds in . adjusting the weights to . the satisfaction of owners, good fields and successful races may be expected Mr Howard Stoney, the energetic secretary of the Bairnsdale Racing Club; at a meeting on Saturday last, announced that owing to not having sufficient spare time at his disposal, he must resign the secretaryship. Members strongly urged Mr Stoney to re-consider hia decision, and ultimately; it was agreed to let the matter stand over untilthe next meeting of committee before the annual general meeting of members' . There are a fair number of local entries for the V.A.T.C. meeting at Caulfield on the 15th of August. For the Sapling Stakes, a three -furlong race for two-year-olds, Mr G. Davis has nominated Manxman II, a colt bv Mercury or the Gondoher(3), Ivy, Dulcety and a fillv by Mercury—Castanetto. MrH. Conollv has also nominated a couple of colts, Don Giovanni, bv Don Giovanni—Quickstep, and Lord Chancellor, , by Don Giovanni: or Lordship—Drift. For the Hurdle Race Gasalier and Tantaliser art entered, Por the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase, Mr Pearson has entered Lady Ashton, » The Demhquin Races were commenced on Tuesday. The following were the results - JflATNG HANDICAP,—William Tell, 1; Kisba, 2; Ragman, 3; Wabbmcoah handicap,—Kisba, 1; Sir Fffisr hurdle eace,—Brown Girl, 1; Marie, 2; Letitia, 3. D. J. C. HANDICAP,—Tantaliser. 1; Favour, .2; Where's the Gat, 3. Midwiniee handicap,—William Tell, 1; Athenian, 2; Trifle, 3, About the first "line for the Melbourne Cup" after the publication .of the weights, says the Sportsvi>m, K that obtainable through.f£e runnmg in the I'lat Race at the Grand National Meeting. As a natural results of Plausible'®: splendid fight with the mi!er— Ghost—on Saturday he was brought into the. Cup betting on the course, and a thousand to twenty-five was twice accepted about htni for the big event, , in which his weight is 7s 81b. With Commotion, Plausible, Kingship, Quality and Arsenal to represent him, Mr Pearson should make as bold a fight for the rich prize this year as he did m S4. Coronet is now first favourite for the Melbourne Cup, he having been backed to wm a; good stake.: , Twenty to one is the best price now obtainable. Commotion's best price is a hundred to four. • . Coursmg men will be glad to hear.ihat there is a very gAod prospect of the sport again gaining ground in the Bairnsdale district. irom the jL&strtwer; we leam that a well attended meeting, -. convened -for < the purpoBe of resuscitating the; Bairnsdale Coursing Club, was held at Norton's- Commercial Hotd on Saturday. A .motion having been earned that thedub be reorganised, Mr J. E. O'Brien was elected president; Messrs D. H, Hill and J., Low, vice-presidents ; MessrsC; G. Swan. W. J; Boberts, D. Davis, J. Conmhan, and J; M'Donald, committee ; Mr Craig, secretary (subject to that gentleman consenting to act); Mr M. Comnhan, shpper. It was decided that a coursing meetmg .be held' on Monday, the 10th August, at Lmdenow,. and that there be recognised ooursmg club.' It was agreed that a members' fees of 5s,be charged. The Rosedale Football Club are about to par a visit to South-Gippsland, and to-morrow will meet the Yarram, and -on Saturday the Tarra-: ViUePootbaU team. : -The team leave Hosedale: for Sale by theitrain this morning, roitie -for the South, to which place they will be driven 'in conveyances provided :by Mr J; Glues.- The -Bowman (2), Howard (2), M'Naughton (2), Simmons (2), Murren (3), D Crowe S Scott, "3?ranke," :Piera, Allen, Sheehan, Rmtoul, Bolger, Sullivan, Cairn, Whittakers, and Greenwell. iNewsias been received at Auckland that an English sfootball team,from the Rovers, Club will- visit Australia , and New Zealand next year, leaving.London;in February. It:is;not -mentioned whether: the team is Rug or Association one, but it will most pi the former,- as thelEnglisli Association game, is BOflittle played .-in .the colonies, -that oomparar tivelv few matches could be arranged. The Rugby game is still played almost exclusively in New Zealand," and also to some extent in New South Wales, and the visiting team's matches: will' no doubt principally be confined to those colonies. In . Victoria there are no I'ootballmalches between Australian and Enehsh teams will be-certain to create considerable excitement, but the dissimilarity in the rales as principally plav«d in the two countries will prevent the Bame tremendous interest being manifested, as has been the case with inter national cricket Some yeara-ago the visit of an English Rugby Union football team to Australia was mooted, and the selection of the team was even commenced, but the project after all -felljthrough. The visit will not be unique -in the history of football, as three or , fQuryearsagoaScDtcb.Associationteamviaited Canada, and their tour did much to advance the sport in that domxmon, Mi Robt Sutton, the well known book maker, offers to bet an even £o00, or les iE desired, that nobody kill ithlrty-eight of fit •yards rise, the J<lse fboth barrels tobenllowed S well attended „ of thr Silt Rowing Club was held last night at the Albion Hotel, Mr'P rmnegan in the chair. The secretary mentioned "that it bad been mootel by the captam and some of the members that an effort oe made to hold » regatta onthe 9th November -at Sale, and that the Bairnsdale Rowing Glnb be asked to compete^ Iir was. decided to hold thb regatta on the date men turned, provided that -the day uit the cop } vemence ofthe Bairns Sale Bowing Club. A committee, consisfingofMeBsrflTallohjTrood, C. Wiahart, CarroU, Bruce, and Lloyd was appointed to canvass the town for subscriptions m- aid of the regatta. It- was-'deeidea that. scratch fours be "leld: on Lake .Guthridge cn the 12th August,- and that all the members of the club be asked to compete, the entry to be 2s 6d per oar, and all the money to bo given to the regatta fund. 