Victoria. (PEOlf OUtt own rauiMMVAnf l MELDOUEXE. Odofofit li. I A conference wee held yesternight be- : twecntbc reiwewntetlrei of tbo Melbourne , Preibyteiy aod fbe Bcote' Chercbebegrnra.!';! tlon regarding tbe removal of tbe Inhibition at present on lite conjee gallon preventing tbeu calling a minister, and rciolatlone , were earned to the effect tbat Ibo congrega tion never iulcndcd calling a mlnlner who would preach contrary to tbe standards of tbe Cburcb, and that tlie Frmbyteiy were. , , wrong In swomlng tbit the congregation" , bad eataMIibcd tbe congregation now maet.. , lag at tbo Tempcnineo Hall under tbe IUt. ' C, Strong, „ ... A Spleuid OotD FWD.-13- onncee of splendid cesrae gold was f/roogbt Into - Townirillc on MonrJay, which bad been ob- folned at Fort llartle Frcre, "on tbe Juodoit' Hirer, If miles from Oeraldtown, Toowoomba Tunr Ctvo.— Mr. B. Falklner. bon. secrelaryof tbe Toowoomba '' > lurz Club, invites AnulL-iirFefic t«n #r. tfraia..!.. next for persona willing to undertake the duties of Secretary, The BniTtsit Cobtkoi, ur BonitAir.-Tbo ',. French Mlnbter for Foreign Affair a, M de : ! Preycinct, lias finally recognized the rigbtof' ' ' Great Britain ' to cxelualrc control In ' Rurmaoo - jilbebal VOXATlOit TO 1\lf, LOCAL Hospital,— The Committee of Managonisat . of the Toowoomba Hospital bare received a donation of £140 from Sir, Hamncl Wilcox, ... agent for the vrcllAsnovm contractors, Msserso Veto Braucy awl Betta, ...... Tub Bqukema QuestionA London ; 1 telegram, dated WtU Inst state that Ibo . Servian troopsara reported to to mar chfotf r t -. on Lc&oovau; ami Ax;alanka, the result bring that a seare list consequently been caused at Boris, the cartel of Bulgaria. t Wateb in tub Wewr-Hmra, Header son and Jack, engineer i, tassel through Charleville last week, it bang understood that the/ were fining to bore f<ir water in ' 1 the WW, These gentlemen returned to Charleville on Sunday, tot theresaltof their trip lias not yet been made known, fiefijou Finn at Gympje,— An extes BlveHreoccurrcS at Uymple on Sunday night lost, when the premises 'uccnjAetl by Ifdjl, bronn, n barlier, nod i'ring'a grocery atwe were entirely dcriroyal. The fire l/roke ont In Bcillbronn'a prerolier, bnt liow It orlidnalcd la unknown. Fring was partially |0. Bttred. ' COMWEL IKK Atuntr.-fn onr laat Inn, we amtcd that Cofonel Jke Austin, while suffering from mcntnl dcpre«lon, bail at- tempted to commit aolcMe, Colonel Aostln has ao for recovered that en Monday last be was brought lieforc tbe linndabng tea-- <ie?,on ci ';e attemj/tfog to commit Found Dead in toe Bush.— In our — last ferae we stated that a report bad been .received .b j tho Chinchilla police that a „ jean had been found dead in the bush, near Bridge Creek. Tho body has since been . recovered and identified ns that of Henry . Collett, nsbcDhcrd. aired about EG mn. Sbbious Acoideht at Kookitampton, Tuesday afternoon as Dr. and Mrs. M Donald were driving along Fitzroy-strcet, t. Rockhampton, tho vehiclo in which they were driving was overturned and they wero thrown out, Tbo doctor was seriously in jurcd, his left leg being broken, while Mrs,. M 'Donald escaping with a fow braises. Cable Rates.— After many months of dis- < cussion tho question of tbo reduction of cnblo rates may be said to bo a thing accom- plisbed, as -tho colonial Agents-General nra confidont that a reduction of 2s, per word- . in public cable .messages will como into operation in July next, and it is expected -. that tho reduction in press messages will toko effect from JAnqary. - 1 ' BBEAOHES OF -rfna Tiubeb REOU'LA- TJ0N8,— In lost Saturday's Issuo a paragraph appeared stating that James Mathias Greben ' , nho jvos summoned by the chief ranger with 'removing fallen timber in tho neighbourhood . of Crow/a Nest, pleaded guilty, it appears ' that Mr, Greben pleaded not guilty, being nndor tho impression that ho was thoroughly \- ' justified in bis net. ,. .Fibe at Dalbt.— A somowhat serious " fire took placo at Dalby on Tuesday after- ..noon,. when a cottogo owned by a widow ' named Christopher was burnt to tho ground, hardly any. of tho contents being saved.-. An 'adjoining bouso occupied by Mr. Mcrrctt, a . chemist, was alro severely damaged,' but the loss partly covered, by insurance, although Mr, Mcrrctt will bo a Tery heavy loser. The Recent oabe of Burnin. — In our lost Issuo wo gave particulars of a serious /burning accident by wbicb Miss Mary M'Intosb, daughter of Mr. Donald M'Intosb, . .of Glcncarin, near Umbirom, nearly lost her life. Since that tlmo Miss M'Intosb 'b position . has been extremely critical, but we are glad to stato that yesterday a change for tho -better .took place, and tbo injured lady is now hoped to be on tbo road to recovery. , - Tup;>Kmu. Creek Ron.— In another column will bo found particulars of a meet ing of tbo Land Board held in Brisbane, on 'Tuesday, when the question of tho redivision 'of tho Emu Creek run, was brought under .consideration. As tho matter is one of peouliar interest to our subscribers at Crow's Nest, wo publish tho' proceedings, with the decision of the Board, in full, The Discovery of Eebobene Shale. at Cbow'b Nebt.— With reference to tho reported discovery of shalo at Crow's Nest, which was referred to In our columns n few days ago, wo understand that somo samples of tbo shale have been hnnded to Mr. J. Thorneloe Smith for examination. - Mr. Smith, having put. tho shale to tho test of white bent, has arrived at' tho dccision'tbnt the Crow's Neat shalo bad no special com. mercial value. '-'The- Intercolonial and Indian Exhibition. — A telegram received from' -Messrs. - Fcnwick and Gordon, secretaries .of tho Intercolonial and Indian ' Exhibition, states that ns the exhibits for the.forthcoming Exhibition , are to'bo' in. London by the endtof January next, the Queensland Commissioners arc now shipping exhibits. Exhibitors who cannot have their exhibits in Brisbane by tho mid- dlqjqf November arc requested to communi- CfttttUh the' Commissioners, ' Prospecting in New Guinea.— A meet- i fngofthe leading residents of Townsvillc was held at the Exchange Hotel on Tuesday ' evening, when it was -decided' thnt a stdp : should bo token to form a prospecting party - to proceed to New Guinea for the purpose, of endeavouring to discover a payable gold- . field. A representative from tho meeting was appointed to.wait upon thc High Com missioner, and explain to him tho objeots of tho<mcetlng, and to request a permit for the . party to land. 'The .New Governor of Bbisbanb GAO— Wo understand that Major Joykcll, who,',for 15 years, has been an officer ia tho Imperial forces, and also took an actlvo part inthe'rbcont fSoudon expedition, has been appointed governor of Brisbano Gaol. Prior to entering on his duties Major Joykcll will vfelt tho principal gaols of Victoria and New Sbutb Wales, in order to obtain no insight into ri tbo different modes of treatment of prisoners.. , Military Matters.— By the ship Doris < B rod era en which arrived at Brisbane from London on Monday, tho Defcnco Depart ment' havo received a quantity of aramanition andfmUitary stores consisting of 81 boxes shot and shell, 500 metal plugs, 1 caso bursters 9 coses cartridges, 7 eases empty \- shell, 1 case cartridge bags, 1 ease fuze, 51 bar rels gunpowder, 2 cases gun cottpn primer, and 4 eases gun cotton charges, A largo number of uniforms, helmets, belts, Ac., aro expected' to arrive by the steamcrr Duke of Sutherland and'Cbjchassa. Land; Sales in Rookhampton.— A sale , of Government land situate at tho new township of North and South Callinngal, near Mount Morgan, took place at ltock- hampton ;on .Tuesday.. That not much' \- interest was evinced in the sale was proved by.tbo, fact , tbat. only three , persons werC \- - present,-. Out of 66 lots in tbe North town only.twelvo were 6old, and out of 67 allot ments in .South Callinngal only two were SoldV' "The areas offered near Mount Morgan . wero sold at upset price, tho Westwood lot going at the same figure. The "Rev" S. 0. Anderson again.— The polico authorities of Ipswich have evi dently had enough of tho vagaries of . the' "Rev" S. 0. Anderson, ns on Monday last ho was brought before tbo Ipswich bench on a charge of vagrancy, and sentenced to one month's imprisonment in the Brisbane goal. It Appears thatduringhis sojourn in Ipswich ho has 'taken to tbo occupation of boot- blacking nnd begging, but his manners were so offensive that tho matter was brought, under the notice of the police. Railway to Redcliffe.— a meeting was ' held at Ihe Brisbane Exchange on Tuesday1" for the purposo of considering a proposal for tho construction of a branch railway, 'starting from the main Gyrapio line at a point about 22 miles from Brisbane, and running through tbo Peninsula, and Red cliffe, a distance of about nine miles. Various proposals having been mado ns to the most desirable route to be undertaken, a committee was appointed to carry out tbe preliminaries in connection with the trinl survey, and tho formation of a company Congregational Union ok Queens land.— The 21th annual scssien of tbo Con gregational Union of Queensland, will com mence, .'on Monday next, at tbo Brighton Road Congregational Church, South Brisbane. The principal questions to be discussed will be that'of 41 Church Finance," introduced by Mr. H. I. Oxloy. and "that grants to assist ed churches be made according to a sliding scale," brought forward by Mr. T. Martin. Various ammeudmcnts to the rules will also be considered. On Tuesday evening a paper on " Social Purity " will he read by the Rev. E. Moore, and on tho following day tbo businete will bo brought to a close. » Licensing Court.— Tbo monthly meet ing of. tbo Licensing Court was held on Tuesday, before the Polico Magistrate, and Messrs, N. T. R. Gregory nnd C. M. Paul, JJ.P. A district auctioneer's licenso was granted to Mr, E. G. Clark. A provisional license was granted to Mr. Wm. Lovejoy for a hotel at Mcringandan railway station. A country -publican's license was granted to Fredk. Hughes at Umbirom. An applica tion for a provisional certificate applied for by James O'Hagan, and an application for a district auctioneer's license mndc by Terence M'Caul wero adjourned for a month, Toow'oomda Building ""Society.— Tho usual monthly meeting of shareholders in the above society was held at tho office, Neil- street, on Wednesday lost, when the sum;of £423 14s. 8d. was paid in. Ten shares were disposed of as follows Five shares at eleven per cent., three shares at nino nnd a half per ceut., and two shares at nine per cent, Tiib Summer months are fait approaching anu with them tbo mosquitoes arc sure to Sut in an appearance. Wo know of. no ettor way to destroy these and all other troublesome insects than by using Noblo's Dalmatian Insect Powder, according to the directions printed on each shilling Ho, as sold at tho Medical Hall, W. A. Noble'b, Ruthvcn- strcot, Toowoomba. ' TnE Toowoomba Train on Fire.— Some little alarm was experienced on Tuesday by tbe passengers travelling by tho train which leaves Toowoomba for. Brisbane at 6.10 a.tn;, wben it was discovered that a fire bad broken out amongst a quantity of bay which was stacked in- a track attached- to tho train. At tho timo tho firo was first dis covered tbo train was travelling at a' rapid speed botweou Goodna and Oxloy, and on the driver's attention being drawn to' the fact the train was speedily stopped. Tho truck .wasrapldly detached, and the train continncd on its joamoy, arriving at its destination only nineteen minutes- into. How.'tkcflre originated Is unknown, but It appears to have been caused by a spark from the engine. Tns Defence Force.— A return hap been issued by- tho Brigade Major showing the effective strength up to the 20th Sep tember last of the various corps composing tbo Queensland Defence Force. Tbo total muster roll of tbo force, inolodlng tho Per manent Force, Defence Force, and Volunteer Corps, is set down1 at 2,699, but It nppoars thnt tho number of men absent without leave is considerable. In some of tho corps (ho number, of absentees .ranges as high as 70 out of a possible 141, whilo numbers of 20, 30 and 40 out of a possible 70, 63 and 77 are not by any means uncommon.; /In order to remedy tho existing' laxity of attendance, tho Commandant has' suggested in goncral, orders that officers commanding should avail themselves, of. their powers by finio those' who' cannot satisfactorily account for th'clr; absence. European News. — The British 8nccialj Commissioner, Sir Henry Drummood Wolff,' lms nrranged tbe basis of an agreement with tho Porte, with regard to Egypt.— Tho Times has published an article expressing an opinion that tho question of . Separation in Queensland is premature unlilitis certain that tho Northern portion of the colony- will not be devoted to tue growth of produce by servile labor, instead of becoming the home of freemen. — Lord. Randolph Churchill has issued a manifesto at Birmingham, urging the bringing about, of a scheme, of-.fedcrn- j tlon of the Empire for tho purposes of com- 1 racrca and defence. — Tho German jGovern- ment have proposed that tho claims made by Greece ana Scrvia should be rejected, -but that tbe union of Bulgaria, and Eastern Roumclia should ho. recognised. It is un- dcrstood thnt the Governments ;of. . Groat Britain, Russia, nnd Austria have approved of the proposal. Curious Adventure— A . curious ad venture happened to one Guardsmnn, Trooper Grubb. Trooper Grubb was a man belonging to tbo 22nd Lifo Guards, nnd in somo inscrutable fashion lost bis regiment out in the desert. The regiment came back to "England, home, and beauty, 1'. but: no Grubb with ity-and tho soldier's- comrades' mourned tbe missing man and gavo up him for lost. This Week Trooper Grubb, as brown ns a bronze penny, walked into 'the cavalry barracks, Windsor, startled tfaar guard, with the idea of a ghost, duly reported 'himself, and received an ovation." with regard to British pluck,. Grubb, -it- appears,' v? hen ho found out thnt his regiment had disappeared, quiotly eat down to map out bis courso ' back; tqthe Nile, and by dlbt of bard riding! hard' fighting, and dare-devil gallantry, made his way to the confines of civilisation. The Power of Sympathy,— At n, mceti log of .the Frenoh Acadcmy;of ->Mediolh!d lately, Dr. Brown-Sdqnard related a very re markable instance . of the power of sympathy which coma within his recent .observation. A littlo girl was looking out'of.'awln'ddw in a house in the Botignollcs recently Tho lower sash was raised, and the f child bad placed her arms on'the sill. "Suddenly tho support on which tho sash rested gavo way, and tho window fell with considerable force on the littlo girl's arms, inflicting! a. severe' bruise. Her mother, who was in the room at the timo, happened to look towards the window at tho moment of the accident', and witnessed it. She fainted with fright, and; remained insensible for a. minute . or . two. When she recovered she was conscious of a severe pain in both' arms ; and on examining tho cause of it she was amazed to find on each arm abraiso corresponding in position to that left. by tbo accident on the child's though more extensive. " Propelling Vessels, by Electricity. —A very ingenious ;contrivanco is being affixed to a boat in Brooklyn, and is said .by. a naval officer stationed at'; Brooklyn, Navy Yard to bo ndaptoblo to many other, things besides serving to propel a boat for wbiob,it has been designed, -and will soon' be tried. The object of tho experiment is ' to find but whether or not tho feasibility of propelling a vessel for any length of timo by electricity, can be attained.' The model on which 'the experiment is being made is' Shaped some what like a torpedo boat, and tho batteries, aro in tho centre of tho vessel. Qreat sccrc&y;' is being observed in' nil' tho movements af those- concerned in bcr construction, '.and it is claimed that if they 'succeed a vessel can, carry fuel enough, in the shnpc of acids,' to' lost her for a- year without going into a port, doing away with tho inconvenience "of stop ping at coaling stations, as steamers havo to do at the present time. School of Arts— The! 'twenty-seventh annual meeting of subscribers of the Too woomba School of . Arts, was , bfeld . lost evening, when there was a attendance of those Interested, Mr, J. F. M'Iu- tyre,' Vice-President occupied the .cljoir. Tbo annual report states thattiuring the year a sum of £31 19s. lOd. bad boon expended on new books, and that tho reading !room bad been'furnished with additional and popu lar periodicals. . The Committco. regretted thnt tho interest of the debt upon the insti tution still remained as an incubus1 upon their efforts, and prevented the ioBtitation from ranking thnt progress which was most desirable. The report nnd balance sheet wns adopted with - slight dtscasston. The office bearers for- tho ensuing -year were then' elected as follows Presideut, Mr. J. Thorncloo Smith ; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. J, 8, M'lntyro" and J. W, Boys ; . Com mittee, Messrs. J, Tolmic, J, Fletcher, W. Doiton, W.Gripp, H. Blanoy, J. HUbsm, G. Black, J. A. Bojco, J. Ruthnlng, and H. C. Pointer. A motion' tabled by Mr. F/ O'Reilly, "That tbo reading room be open on Sundays from two to five o'clock," toll to the ground owing to the absence of the mover, it being understood thnt ho bad sig nified his intention of withdrawing it. . An extended report of the meeting will appear In our next issue. . a Rattlesnake's Bite.— The quick venom of tho rattlesnake bat hot killed -so many -people as tbu more insidious but deadly pol-ons found in the air of foul rooms. The aeration of the blood by tbu lungs becomes impossible sometimes, and the falling health, growing weakness, aod loss- of appetite aro harbingers of approaching death. For such cases American Hop Bitters are potent and atl- powerful remedy to drive all "fevers out of the sysera, purifying the blood, and gir es a new and happy lease of life. Notice. £100 Reward.— They euro all diseases of tho stomach, bowels, blood, Hvcr nerve.% nnd kidnoys, nnd £100 will be paid for a ease they will not cure or help, or for anything impure or injurious found in them— Americans Co.® Hop Bitters; Test it, Read, The Attorney-General's Salaby<— During tho sitting of the Aeseo to Committee of Supply, on Tuesday, coatfd riv ablocxccption was token hy Mr. ltorbi to tbo sum of £1000 drawn by toe Attorney General as a salary. In toe course >A Mr, Morebcad's remarks be took tbe opportonfey of ' strcngly hinting that toe Attoftttr Genaral bod given very bad ndrtoe to certain railway eases wbicb ooevrred laid year, nod suggested tbat It would be wise to provide that an Attorney-General tovubf have to pay himself for losses locvmod through bis having given bad ad rice, Ike Attorney-General, In reply to toe toue»do, said tbat Mr. Horchcod was not jusl&ed; to saying that be bad given bad advice to con nection with tbe Darra railway accident, as ho had advised tbe Minister for Wtofc to settle all claims, if possible, by toe fender <A a reasonable sum. Alter a lengthy discus sion. in which several members took part, tho item was put and passed New Tbas,— ' We are to receipt of asmpfes from Messrs. B, Harper and Co., of Hrftosne, of tbo Empire Company's Pure Blended Packet Teas. We bare tested toe teas, and can testify to their being of a Avpertar strength and flavour to the usual nusliuc (A packet teas. We 'believe that toe eale of this guaranteed pure tea has Increased rapidly of lata In this district, and wcare inclined to attribute ibis to an improvement in tbe taste of tbe consumers and a com mendable desire for a better clats oftos. They aro strongly yet elegantly put cp to three corncrod packages in ban jwunde and pounds, also in fire-pound and ten-pound lacquered canisters, with new potent acoop lids and their registered trade mark, the "Lion's Head,", prominently displsy$4 to front We understand that ihe price is vmy little, if any, higher that toot for ordinary packet teas, and too much praise cannot be awarded to this enterprising firm for bring ing this excellent brand before toe lea drink- ing, public. , 'Gold Yield:.- for -the Year,— Tbe Queensland Mercantile and Agency . Corn- pan y,4 in tbeir report for the mouth of October, state that, in their opinion, there is every, prospect that the deficiency this yesr in the pastoralintsV returns will be amply mndc up by the production of minerals. It appcon tbat for, mouths past the mining industry has been improving rapidly, and on all tbe fields tbo yields bare been Isrgely increasing, besides wbicb several new t& ( bavo I been opened up with asiirifeietojy results. It ia anticipated that the ylebi of goldMor 1886 will f be the largeet in iht history of tbe colony, tbe Noribem Aelds especially pcomistog a 6p lend id future, to tbpelgbt vnonths .ending August, IA/XM? ounce) of gold bare been produced from the Northern areas, and for Charters Towers tor period 63,000 ounces, -while the Hodgkinson/Rnvenswood, i'almcr, bare <ow- tributcd 13,000 ounces, Tbe returns from Blount Morgan have been rlso exceptionally large, although, as tbe gold is not exported through thcpustomB, the local oflMsls are without any reliable data as to toe qucniHy rafeod." Austdalian Aobicultube,— We bare received frdg'.the "buhlisbers, Mr, G, of .Sydney, a Very bandy little itook roU me, entitled "Australian Agriculture," com piled by Mr,vAngusMackay, tbe weH-kao>rn aufbpf the." Seifci-tropical Agriculturist," "AgriculturatfUpchiraics," nd other works. The purpose; of " Australian Agriculture" is merely tojjirc an introductory insight to .tlia'clcpeDta-af Australian AgncuJturc, toe Jelimate, ralnfdills and winds in differentpsrls jof.the colony, tbo analyses nf Australia;/ soils, and thircbepistry of agricuitoranixd plant life. J£1 through tbe various dejort- mcnte dealt with bb ere is on effort toeto chapter to start from' the foundation of one or more branches of i agricultural ccden«2e, andrfd leaden to more full understand ing1' on j the subject. A separate paper is nlsoVUvetedt be peeping in Au6 tralu,«n'i this bas been inserted because . of toe wide fields wbicb this' industry is offering in connection with Australian agriculture/. Tbe book ly plentifully supplied with illustra tion, and as'aooQ ae its worth becomes re cognised there; should be a speedy ealc for RAYTON AND TOOWOOMBA AGE!- I cultural akD Horticultural tocimj /-Tfie-Commiticc of this Society beld » meeting' in the; School of Arts on Monday dvening, tbo business done viae as follows, viz >- Atnongst four tcodera received for Ihe erection1 of a'dtorsc-rlng on toe riojiety'e ground'tbat of Mr, Jno, Nionctt for (the <sum of £23 1 2s. Cd,was considered as the motd eligible offered, and, consequently accepted. The final preparation of the Society' prize schedule; next' received .attention, anri various.additioRs aud improvemeuts in tbe, code-.oflbyc«ja\v8 usually enforced for Die' conduct of the Society's Exhibition were proposed and- adopted. Several further matters $f detail in the same relation were also ;dUcusscd;/and the Secretary was in structe!d)to insert an advertisement to-4be local ne\vspapc$ requesting that geuUemeu .who might intend to offer special prizes 'the Society's Rckt exhibition would biwliy give early information to the Bucrctery tA of their intention, &tat;!ng the value and purpose, of su6h prizes, so as Ho admit of their, .'publication in the first issue tA toe Bbctet'sTprizcJlst. . / ' snobrorohted Policy,— Another in- stance of bow pqoplc arc blind to their own intcrcptebas recently been exemplified in Brisbanci On Monday lastibeGermsoCon- 'buI (BIr. II, L. E. Butnning), palled avneet- rjngototno principal mercantile gentlemen of the city for the purpose of considering pr bat inducements could' be held out to the mnnqgcraof tbe Gcrmad Australian bee of Btcamcrsy/to make Brisbane their Australian' terminal. It appcto that tbe Gwuiw Lloyds are under the contract 'to tbe German ..Government to send steamers of 30') tons burthen tb tbe Australian colonies monthly, calliri'gjpnly at Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney. Besides these steamers a subsidiary line outeumcrs will run. to tbe Pacific Islands, and ifft optional witlj the company whether Sydneypr Brisbane -sball bo the terminus If; Brisbane did become the Australian tor minus-ot tbe German line tbe German trade with the Pacific .Islands over which the flag (lies, might become rapidly centred In' that city. Taking In view, the foregoing facts it would naturally bare ; been thought that tho invitation of tbe German Consul to! consider tbo question would have been eagerly responded to, but/strange to say, not a siugle Brisbane merchant re«i>onded to the invitation, and consequently the meeting lapsed. Marburg School of Abta,— Great pre, parations aro being made by the residents of Marburg for tbo opening ceremony of the School of Arts, which takes plave on Monday noxt. Tbe building, which has only recently been completed, is of an attractive and im posing appearance, and contains a splendid main ball capable of holding about 1 WO poisons. In addition to tho hall fe a com modious library and reading room both (A wbicb will be lit by tbe aid of electricity. His Excellency tbe Governor bqs beeu invited to open tbs building, and it is more than probable that several members of Parliament will be present on the occasion. In tbeeroo- iog a grand banquet and ball will be held. In order to meet the convenience of v fritora to iMarburg on Monday special trains will leave Brisbane at 9,40. a.m. aod 12.20 p,m calling at all intermediate stations to VValoon . where visitors will be met by conveyances to Marburg. a large number of tickets for the ceremony have been disposed "f, and it is ex pected thai the gathering will bea truly repru sentativc one. Largedouationsof booxs have already been made to the library, wbb'b pro. mfeus to be a great bucccss. The syndicate of. tbe Waterdalc Estate have arranged to hold no imporinnt laud sale prior to the I ceremony, and tbe shareholders have given a handsome donation of £60 towards the ex- peotee of tbe opening. arvtjmlfaff Mutual Provident So- CTnTAvsry ptensantsoda! gathering wns befrl to foaagnrrafe the opening of the Dar- Ifog town Office ox the Australian tffttrtri Provident ffocfety on Monday at tbtt CTnfr Hotel, when a tog tittmhtr of bnaineas gentlemen of Toowo were present. Daring tbe cven- tojg aevsraf ( ceuOt were duly proposed and fi/srsjtrl, tf>« principal one being "Success to tbe A, M, K Society, " whfeb was proposed hr tte district agent (Mr, A, Ivellcsley <my| seconder! by tho Hon, W. H. Gf-ora, Ifetween the toasts Messrs. Bur- t te% ftvgcv, Brown and other gentlemen »Htrt to the pleasure of the evening by tofririlrt'fing vocal scfectjons, armtrr to Burn Down the Too- vr&mtik; VovsitfKr,— What appears to be a rtatoirify attempt to set firo to a /fixnthy of timber sfAckerl In the yard of the ToonotnUt Fbtrndry Company occurred »t»Ute bwer or » Monday nlgnty but, owing to pvwmtA Action, the names were cxtin; wore raucb damAge was clone. It that the foundry yard was clo«cd on Monday evening shortly boforr 6 o'clock, wImw evetvlhfng wan Apparently safe. At atari mkmighi two yonng men, residents tA Toowr-r.vha, were passing near the f,ri kfgs wh»?ef tcad.r to the railway station wImt? ttaf attention was Attracted by a fftoeof ffghA coming from the direction of ihe (/k.txUj, Knowing that the foundry had 1xu tVw I At Art early hour In the evening, Stay r%rt down to see what was the vMter, when thcydfiscovercrl thAta firo bad ! lit fieiweert the logs. To drag the of fcnmfng timber Apart was the work of only » few seconds, and the fire was, of cotttMS, speedily extingnished. They tteft M&fs; Art examfnAtion of tho spot and (wtA that a quantify of chips nnd small ptecs of wood t Aff been collected fn a henp \>Atir to tafMf lighted. Sir, G,\V, Griffiths, tbu director of the company, states toftUiv!/ that dirring Monday afternoon he was er.yagerl measuring some timber at tho' sir A mitre tbo fire occurred, and that At thnt ttwe there were no small pieces of timber or rrAAAsti atart. The matter has been placed in it# itxotU of (he police for Investigation. Vxi, in fiuRfrtvisfoN ov Land Prbven- TiOSf I'ff.to— CbASTderahle discoasion in CSfttottHtei s took place in the Tgfslatlvo AtoeuMy, on T nc«day, on tho Undoo Sab- diririor of IaoA Prevention BUI, At the oi'.ninz tA the proceerlings the Premier wAtorl that tbo G overmen t proposed to wiih- draw tbo Kth cIaohc of the Bill, prohibiting erection of a house on less than sixteen prrefce of tend, io which very strong objec tion had fem token on the occasion of tho fttcrtA PsftAin%, on the ground that It would inieiftre matevtoiiy with persons who hod airt»iy Acr/n-ifwl small portions of land and wfrtai to make Any ase of them. The cbvM# providing that the width of every sirtet pmdo nfter the passing of the Act ta;ld to slzty-snc feet at the least, and orery two twenty-two feet at the least was fw/t dtoaaserl, y,r, Norton asking the per tinent q«A<fcrt of whether the Bill would a ffset fnnd which had already been sab- divided for j«vrj«cs of rale. The Premier, to tt0yt said that the claase would not Atotfy . to tirttU laid out and dedicated bttore tfie posting of the Act, If a plan fw\ tan (UjtstUtd in the Real Property GffkOf shewing the street laid oat, (he Act WMlti fiot Apply to it. Clause 5, providing tfori it was on lawful to erect a dwelling taute fronting a lane at a less distance than twenty-two feet (torn such lane, was nlti- Mutely (srt and eafrrcd, but not nntil 3Ir. Ap&er; tat I his opinion that the was ti very arbitrary one. The rc- mxfnAor of the elanses having been dis- e&stfri;, thtf report was wlopted, and the third reading of the Bill made an order for the folUwrfttx Any, Ap KztPAoiempAtfr VoYAGU-Ths fol, towtogtetegfAfrt from Adcl aide appeared In a hfabxtiO TtUffttph on the 16th fnst„ on the .fbattner&xiib; Arwtralian, arriving at Adelaide on tt&VtU; imt, from Vfest Australia, a box, f/titxl wtdrsMed to Mr, W, Byles, was token, wrib the other Uggxee, from the after hold, wtae it tat tart placed, eight days before A tVrettnmlUt and was pat on the wharf, tlx WflfittrtAl weight fed the Custom officer to bare it optmri, when, to his surprise and the mrioivt of the bystowlcts, a living roan, tin, 'A fAU iti bright, was foand to be the only content of the package. He gave tbe namo of Wltam Anoonott, and said no one on bwft krtew thai he was fn the cose, lie had mi o&ntiipiicet; tnt by. roenns of a string Attentat to the screws, had managed to keep the tkl thorn tightly. He had a tow biscuits m l a Wily which was empty. He seemed very exhausted, sod his first rcqnest was for wztef, l)f, O, V, Matthews, who happened to he a j xmetsysr in the steamer, attended toe want tA the man, who afterwards wns girerr to charge of the police as a s towaway. Tbetiit8en£ot& of the box aro 3ft- Gin, by 2ft, i/y 2in and the man most have tain in a ctuteti .ttp porith'.w all through the voyage. He tal A small AtfgeT with him, and with it ho tat ta&t; a few holes which gave him ventilxiUsrif but there is little donbt tbat he Of A in the the way, as there was a Uryf, qawtitr <A luggage os the (op, and it ws nearly the tat package token out of tho taki, Tixt engineer of the steamer states ihxl dwring the voyage he heard seme knock- ktog,AG'I ttonking some cargo- had go: adrift wrirtdv»w tbe hoM, bnt conid find nothing wraeijp Vii, &\\)Q\iV>Kfy<— The Dublin Corporation O&y; tta Pru-niftn' Jwmof) of the 16th Ati%tM pxfd tbe hfghsst honor in its power to i)r, Kevin fxod O'Dohcrty, By the mawUxi rote of tbe Council the freedom of tbe city WAcowtomrl npon our distinguished wautryuixn, Ik-tb sfdes of the house joined in tlte writ-merited tribnte, and it is but j-jii to as/ that the Conserrative members \terfortavliittAr past of the act with good tatoA/ri ifi 'triO tat possible spirit. The IfsrioAAHrt. member of the Corporation were mA in force at the meeting. Urgent puMte tafwea ba/1 eallerl s/>me away to tariort, w bite others, including Mr, Giaf»tyt in wtae name the motion stood, were ntiaroUUbfy afsent. It was therefore qrite to the power of the Con- eervaiivc members, it not to- defeat the m/Aion, At least delay ft or fn some other way tiitninUU its raitte. They did neither, T hey were ftUhrpen first on Monday, and in jfetoktog rif difference of opinion for the time that they might pay a compliment to a brave at A luAAeAticaited countryman, they it&ve; itie eonuity, we triut, a forcstote of itiatononeawfikn before long will dfetin- guito all t/ur |«biic proceedings in matters of pure Xatlofoditm, Jfomanhas deserved tater the iwturttr which the Corporation wmfomd tttr/n ffr, 0'Doherty than the febm of 19, I fr, 51 'Donald, to sobmittfng Hie ttvAU4if 1/iUfty sketched the career which, deroUA to tfto cmcntry of his birth, led to lipitiockt atA which, given to the land of his mfojAfon, tori to the highest position of dlpiity and Independence, The last time Mr, O'fcA&rty; was the object of public at teniUm in the rity of Dublin wm wben, in the GreetPsiret t Court-house, he stood torwaoi to receive % judical scntcnco founti# I upt/tt ijic foregone verdict of a tmktA jury, i'ethat he will himself reeopiise tt# uxaI sinking change that has taken place in the tsoentty since then in the far different procevtin& of .Monday in the VobUn ft U suggestive, at all event, a an instance of the march of events, fiiai tint feU/n or 48 sf»ouh( bo tbo free mrimpriltafl taigess of '85, To Dr, O'Dotatr we offer our sincere eongrAtula- ilw, atA bta &vnntrymen; in greeting him on his rvtnm hi hi t.ative Und wiii not forget to %£»(« hU fair consort in their felicito- iians, Kv» ta a position to the hearts of her countrymen alfher own i for Nation ality ftarlf will hare tost fto meaoing when irelatA fait to recall the noble part taken in the Yotw# freUnd days of the Three Graces of the Sctikm 