UNIVERSITY REFORM During the last two or three davs several letters have appeared in these columns on the subject of University reform In one of them Mr. Chapple, the Head master of Prince Alfred College, distinctly denied the truth of the pre mises laid down by us, and of con sequence dissented from our conclusion. May we point out one or two errors into which a superficial reading of our article led Mr. Chapple? It was not one of our main contentions 'that competition between schools and scholars is detrimental to true education.' We did not endorse Mr. Leary's view that the matriculation examination here is harder than it is at the London University. That nothing was further from our wish than to cast a slur upon the whole-heartedness and ability of the teachers in the colony is proved by our desire to give more power to them and less to outsiders. What we did say was to this effect :— That the regulations of the University as they are now carried out exer- rise a cramping influence upon schools; that they compel them, if they value their reputation, to teach on the lines laid down by the University ; that, while they would often desire to substitute another course of reading, they are forced to keep in the common track or run the risk of losing caste. Will Mr. Chapple say that he has never in the course of his experience here found the University curriculum worse than one which he would himself devise? He begs the whole question when he says that the collective wisdom of 'committees,- Council, professors' is greater than that of one man. We would discriminate. The ' one man' is a schoolmaster, whose sole object in life is, or should be, to teach boys, to lay in them the foundations of a good cultured manhood. The possossors of the ' collective wisdom' on the other hand, are — we are of course speaking of the local University— men of high attain ments in various walks of life, but not schoolmasters. It is a very diffi cult matter for men who have never learnt how to teach boys, to examine them. And that is why we consider that it would be better for schools, for their own sake, to be more independent, to fix their own courses themselves, and not to be so exclusively guided by the matricula tion examination. If the head of a great school is unable to fix a curriculum in his judgment better suited to his circumstan ces than outsiders, he is ill-adapted for his position, and we are sure that Mr. Chapple himself could draw up a course by means of which boys would be better taught and more really cultivated than by passing all the matriculation examinations in the world. He must know that it is not always the best boy who passes at the top of the matricu lation list, and that the unsuccessful can didates are sometimes more fully educated than the successful. One word more in answer to Mr. Chapple's reproof. He thinks that ' if the standard were reduced boys would pass sooner, leave school earlier with less information and culture for life.' But does he not see that by the lowering of the standard this good effect, amongst many, might be gained ? Boys would not think their education finished the moment they had passed. They could not do it— public opinion would not allow them. In the great English Universities men are not found boasting of having passed their entrance examination. It is a matter of course that they pass it — not to succeed would be a disgrace. And here, if the standard were lowered, we would, we maintain, find the same results. The boy who does not enter for exami nation, but who possesses the same amount of knowledge as one who has passed, is as well educated. Thus it is not the examination, but the boy's education which supplies culture. And again, the storing of the mind with facts is not education. The true teacher aims at opening the minds of his pupils and making them apt to learn. It will be noticed that Mr. Chapple does not attempt to gainsay our contention — this, indeed, is our main contention — that the schools teach mainly with a view to passes. He has not pointed to one single instance of a subject taught which has not in some way got to do with the University examinations, 'Didaskalos' has been good enough to spare us the trouble of answering him. 'The University curriculum,' says he, 'contains far more than our boys can thoroughly prepare.' This is just what we wrote, put into diffe rent words and a handy form. It is just because the University curriculum — especially at its entrance— contains far more than ordinary boys can thoroughly prepare that we suggested making it less far-reaching in its range. ' Didaskalos' is very indignant with us for several things. We regret this, be cause we, like him, are only actuated by a desire to make the standard of education higher. We go about it in a different manner ; that is all. We may point out that we in no way implied ' that preparation for an examination and thorough mental training cannot exist side by side.' It would be rash thus to limit the potentialities inherent in things. But we do say that, generally speaking, preparation for an examination and the best mental training do not exist side by side. What mental training is required for the production of correct answers to such questions as those quoted the other day in the letter of our correspondent 'Cocker's Ghost.'' Would it not be fairer to say that the system likely to be most success ful would be the 'cramming' system ? And here we most unhesitatingly repeat that there is cramming in our schools — cramming of a pernicious kind. Or, again, what sort of mental training will make a boy able to tell how many pips there are in a pack of cards? Will Mr. Chapple or ' Didaskalos' tell us that, because one of the examiners chooses to ask such a question as this, the boys under their several charge have been indoctrinated into the mysteries of card-playing ? And yet, if examiners, drawing on the wealth of their exuberant imaginations, want to know the combinations of poker or the chances at billiards there is nothing to prevent their asking the questions. In a word, do our correspondents believe the Council of the University an infallible ami unimprovable airJionty on matters connected with education 1 They must answer in the negative, and, if so, they can hardly logically refuse to view in sadness with us the unfavourable in fjuence -which the University matricu lation examination as it is now conducted and regarded is apt to have upon our schools. Three or four more of the letters we have recently printed uphold the view expressed by U3. The writers leave the realms of ' poetry and descend to plain matter of fact. They even cite instances, which is very hard upon Sir. Chappie and ?'Didaskalos.' The former's answer to one definite charge of ' cramming' appears elsewhere, but it ia not a denial. The letter, written by 'Theo retikos,' deals mainly with a compari son between the matriculation esami nations in tl:e Adelaide and London Universities. This 13 chiefly a personal matter between himself and Mr. Leary, and we would prefer not to meddle. Indeed, we have already incurred the proverbial penalty meted out to the third party, for ' Theoretikos' has something hard to say about ns as well as about Mr. Leary. We have no wish to chop logic with our corre spondent, and would content ourselves with pointing out, in the first place, that ?we did not try to play off the 'familiar trick of critics' with which he charges us. When an English graduate talks .of ' Oxford' he does not mean the city ; when he is writing about the matricula tion examination he does not mean exami nation for honours. In thesame way, when we spoke of 'Adelaide' and 'London' we referredtotheUniversitie3,nottothecities. The cities of Adelaide and London may be contrasted, but for the purposes of argument there can be no comparison between them. There is some cheerful hair-splitting, too, about 'the easy curri culum.' We should judge it impossible to convince ' Theoretikoa' that he is in the wrong if it were not for that part of his letter in which he shows that he has begun to grasp the fundamental difference between an English and our own Univer sity. Oxford aims at educating those who come to her; Adelaide should go out to meet her constituents. It is because she does not sufficiently perform this duty that we press for a reform. To repeat — the matriculation examination here is too hard j schools keep it too much in view in their systems of educa tion; it induces cramming, and there is a great danger lest through its means — indirectly of course — the rising generation should go out into the world with a smattering of many thing3 and a thorough knowledge of nothing. Tbe Anglo-Russian Agreement. — It would appear that peace between England and Russia is for the time being assured. In other words/ the peace party at St. Petersburg, and, it may be added, the representations of European Powers, have prevailed over the machinations of the war party, and a satisfactory agreement has been arrived at. The understanding come to between Earl Granville and Baron de Stael has, there is reason to believe, been officially confirmed by the Czar, in so far that Russia has agreed that Maruchak and Zulficar shall be held by the Afghans. So far a3 the geo graphy of the country is known by Englishmen these places are understood to be the points of real importance for the defence of Herat. Maruchak lies in a declivity through which the river Murghab finds its way northwards, and Zulficar is hi a deep and narrow pass which forms the most important strategic position in the valley of the Heri-rud. It is on this river that Herat is situated, and Zulficar ia practically the key to its upper valley, and thu3 to the city of Herat itself. Had the proposals submitted by M. Lessar been agreed to Russia would have obtained possession of Zulficar, and, the boundary line of Afghanistan would have passed through Maruchak. It is satisfactory to ' find that England has not yielded every thing to her wily opponent. Of course while the announcement of the agreement is in England coupled with the statement of the concessions made by Russia, it will be in Russia accompanied by explana tions as to how much England gives up in the settlement. Russia it is pre sumed will take possession of Penj Deh, and probably also of Ak Robat. Judging by the later maps of the country which we have recently received from England, it would ap pear that Penj Deh ia of these two stations considerably the more important, and as Sir Peter Lumsden has stated that Penj Deh is of very little strategic value it may be considered that the other place is still less valuable. The object aimed at is to allow the Afghans time to fortify the mountain passes leading to Herat. That a fight will take place sooner or later there can be very little doubt. The Russians hold Pul-i-Khatun, which is just beyond the entrance to the Zulficar Pass and Ak Tepe, which ia immediately north ox the Penj Deh Valley. Up these two avenues to Herat they will look witL hungry eyes until they are impelled to move forward. But. they have recently settled ens matter, and that is that the Afghans are now still less likely to receive them with open arms than they were before : and even British soldiers know to theii cost that to carry a fortified pass against a force of Afghans is a most perilous and difficult task. More Colonial Loans.— Theannounce- ment that New Zealand is on the point ol floating a loan at a minimum of £91 10s., and that the prospective- issw already commands a premium of 1^ pei cent., following as it does upon th- successful result of the Victorian anc Queensland call for tenders for bond amounting in the aggregate to si: and a half millions sterling, suggests th question whether the present i not a suitable time fpr placing further South Australian loan upoi the London market. Whatever may b the outcome of ths negotiations betwee: Great Britain and Russia it i3 eyideD that for the tune being, in financial circles confidence has been restored. Consol have once more advanced beyond par, an colonial securities stand high on the Stoc Exchange. This is no doubt attribt table to the improved relations betwee England and Russia ; but the strai is not altogether removed, and shoul matters between them not b amicably adjusted, derangement in th money market which may last fc months will be inevitable. The Sout _ Australian Government are in no imnu diate need of funds. Indeed, with th loan money now available they should b able to carry on without difficulty at lea: until the end of the year. The point t be decided, therefore, is _ whether it wi be safe to carry on trusting to a mail tecance of 'present high rates, or 1 tike advantage ' of the favonrabl condition of the market. We_ belies the subject has been engaging t\ attention of the Government, and ths it is not unlikely that a new loan will c shortly announced. The amount th; the Treasurer ha3 by the Act3 of la: session authority to raise is £1,560,400, 1 made up in the following way : — Adelaide sewers ? £110,000 Agricultural Farm and College ... 4,000 Construction of main roads ? 100,000 Coalshrd Wharf, Erection of, and reclaiming lands ? 44 000 Harbour improvements ? lo'ooo Drainage works, S.E. District ... 81*000 Erection of schoolhoustes and teachers' residences ? 100,000 Northern Territory .. 40000 Railways ? ; ;;; 101&I400; .telegraph and telephone extension 55,000 Total ? £1,560,400 Ihis loan; if raised shortly, will bear date from April 1, so that there will be some accrued interest to take into account in fixing the minimum. GOLIHMINING AND BONTJSSS. — In attempting to show that we misrepre sented his remarks on the subsidizing of mines, Mr. Hewland, M.P., whose letter appears in another column, certainly doe3 us an injustice. In fact he attributes to us words which we never used, and never had any intention of using, in reference to him. We never in any way stated that he 'suggests the Government should subsidize all the expenditure upon gold mines, whether upon the surface or in sinking.' No such words appeared in our columns in reference to him, and the inverted commas which he uses are of course out of place. If he means that he considers that what we said was tantamount to his version of it he should hardly use a mode of writing which would lead the ^public to believe he was quoting the ipsissima vcrla of our state ments. But referring to the gist of our remarks, and letting alone the considera tion of the actual words, surely Mr. New land must have dreamt what he says we stated. The report of his speech said as plainly as words could say that he pointed out that in other colonies the Government subsidized not only work in the shaft but also work on the surface, and that for his part he would not ask that in this oolony surface work should be subsidized. In our leading columns we said that 'His idea is that a subsidy should be given to any Company sinking a main shaft to a distance of more than 300 feet, and of course the Bird-in-Hand mine would get the benefit of that arrangement, as the main shaft is already down 341 feet below the surface.' Surely this wag clear enough. It was also distinctly shown wherein we differed from the views put forward by Mr. Newland. He desires that the Bird in-Hand mine should be subsidized in proportion to the expense of all work done in the shaft below a certain depth. Our suggestion was that fixed sums should be offered for the attainment of certain depths, and the ground of our objection to his idea was that Government would by adopting it become committed to a practically unlimited outlay, and would suffer owing to any extravagance or blundering of the management. On one point we agree with Mr. Newland, and that is that assistance should be given while the hard work is being under gone and not after success has crowned the operations. In regard to what we said about the relation of bonuses to mines on private property, he is wrong in suppos ing that we wish that assistance should be withheld from such mines. He himself admits that legislation is at present needed to prevent impediments being thrown in the way of legitimate develop ment. Under existing conditions if deep - sinking at the Bird-in-Hand mine should prove that a valuable reef ran under property held for speculative pur poses, the owner might ref use to allow it to be worked except on such rates as would be ruinous to the miners. It would be folly to overlook thi3 considera tion, and much as we desire that assist ance should be given to legitimate enter-^ prise, we would greatly regret the applica tion of public money to the purpose of enriching men who have never done any thing to deserve it. We are thoroughly at one with Mr Newland in the desire to promote gold-mining by all legitimate means, but we differ from him in matters of detail as to the position that the Go vernment should occupy in the matter. Telegraph Notices.— Madras advises that the Turkish route is interrupted beyond Busrehe. Hongkong notifies that the line between Swatow and Foochow is restored. Sharp Peak also notifies that the Foochow land line is restored. A telegraph station is now open at Yeddah (Egypt), and the rate is 11s. 7d. per word. Australian Naval Station.— The fol lowing despatch has been received by His Excellency the Governor: — 'Downing- street, Ai.nl 11, 1885.— Sir— I have the honour to acquaint you for the information of your Government that the Lords Com miEsioners of the Admiralty have proposed to so revise the boundary of the Chinese Station as to draw the Iimit3 south of the Pelew Islands, St. Andrew's, and the adjacent islands, and thus transfer them from the limits of the Aus tralian Station. This step would be taken with the view of facilitating more fre quent visits to these islands by vessels of war, as they can be more readily visited from time to time from ships stationed in the China Seas. I have acquainted their Lord ships that I concur in the course proposed, and the Commanders-in-Chief on the China and Australian Stations have accord ingly been informed that the change will take place from the 1st of July next. From that date the north boundary of the Australian Station and the south boundary of the China Station will be as follows : — From 95* E. long, by the parallel of 10° S. lat. to 130' E. long. ; thence north to 2' N. lat., and along that parallel to 136° E. long ; thence north to 12° N. lat, and along that parallel to 160' W. long.— I have, &c;, Derby/.' Post-Office at Echunga Goldfields.— A correspondent from this district writes:— 11 Serious inconvenience having been caused through the want of a Post-Office in thii largely settled and increasing district, s meeting to consider the matter was held or Saturday, May 23, and was largely attended, Several gentlemen spoke, and pointed out thai since the closing of the Post- Office at Biggs'f Flat the inhabitants were at a great distance fromth6 two nearest Post-Offices, Echungj and Aldgate. It waa eventually proposed bj Mr. Hall and seconded by Mr. Hampton ' That a petition be at once drawn np anc signed by the inhabitants, and that th- members be asked to introduce a de putation to the Hon. the Minister 0 Education.' It was also proposed by Mr Hughes and seconded by Mr. Porteous ' That the residence of the teacher of th- Goldfields School is the most suitable site. Both motions were carried unanimously. A deputation afterwards waited on Mr. Burgess head teacher, to know if he had any objec tion to the use of his private residence as 1 Post- Office, and if Miss Eveline Barges, would consent to act as Postmistress. Mr Burgess said he had no objection to eithe proposal, provided sanction w&3 obtainet irom the Minister of Education.' The Claims of Pobt Gesmeet.— OnSatur day morning the Hon. Dr. Campbell waitei upon the Attorney-General and presented th claims of Port Gennein and Minlaton, forth appointment of an additional Justice of th Peace. The Attorney-General promised t enquire into thematter. He also interviewei the Minister of Education relative to th position of the promoters of thenewlnstitat at Qnorn. Chudben's Hospital.— The Secretary c this institution has received from Messrs Moore, Wallmann, & Co. the sum of £8 10a being proceeds of admission-fees to thei annual stud sale on May 27. Eetubning Colonists.— Mr. H. T. Fr and family left England for South Australi by the Orient steamer Iberia, which saile from LondoD on May 27. With them cobudc to the colony Mr. __ Houston, a evangelist who has been labouring with mac success during the last fonr years in Englan and Ireland. He is only 23 years of age, an was stricken blind when 17 by the fali of ; ] piece of timber on his eyes. It is M Fry intention to associate himself with Mr. Houston in evangelistic work in Adelaide and fche country districts. Mr. Houston sings as well as preaches. Dr. Taylor ok the Geology of South Australia.— In another column will be found a report of an interview one of oux representatives had on Saturday with Dr. Taylor, the distinguished editor of Science Gossip. Some of the doctor's statements are of considerable interest. He says that when he examined the Mount Lofty Range he was very much surprised to find that rocks of such high antiquity had assumed so worn and rounded an appearance ; but this he attri butes to the fact that the uppermost beds are composed of soft material, liable to rapid weathering. He discovered evidence of rock glaciation, and he gives some valuable information on this subject. The Murray cliffs he thinks belong to the Miocene period. The river had cut through those cliffs, and he is of opinion that at one time the upper reaches flowed into a Miocene sea which covered a large portion of South Australian territory. Dr, Taylor left for Melbourne on Saturday by the Victorian. ? Volunteer Items.— On Saturday after noon the cavalry turned oat in pretty strong force for drill; A Battery of Artillery had gun drill and practising at the moving target on the parade- ground; the two battalions of infantry had battalion drill at the foot of Montefiore Hill; and ordinary work was done -tt the forts. . Government Land Sales.— At the Ade^ laide Land Office on Thursday, June 4, leases of land for grazing and cultivation purposes in the Hundreds of Crystal Brook, Yacka moorundie, Koolunga, Hynam, Kedhill, and Palmer will be offered for sale at auction. A large number of the blocks are situated on the Broughton River and Rocky River. Some of the sections in the 'Hundred of Hynam are open for cash or credit selection. The remainder- are open for credit only, and may be taken np to Wednesday next. The Port Volunteer Night Surprise,— It is understood that Captains Mason and Nelson of the Port R.V.F. Companies Nos. 1 and 2 have been called upon by the Lieu tenant-Colonel for their versionBof the pro ceedings as reported in the Register in con nection with Captain Mason's night-surprise of his junior officer while drilling on Friday night, and that official notice has been taken of the affair at the Staff Office. Stabbing Case in the Port.— Walter Robin, aged 17, has been arrested at Port Adelaide for stabbing Joseph Jarvis, aged 15, at Rosewater, at about 2 o'clock on Sunday afternoon. It is 'stated that Robin and Jarvis had a disturbance through the former hitting the latter's younger brother. In the conrse of the quarrel Robin stabbed Jarvis in the thigh with a knife, and also left two cut marks 'in Jarvia'scoat. Dr. Toll saw Jarvis, whose wound was not serious, and he went home. Police-constable Beare airested the prisoner an hoar afterwards at Portland Estate, and took him to the Port Police Station. The Zoological Gardens. — It is a thorough treat to stroll round the Zoological Gardens, as continually some fresh feature of improvement is introduced or strange bird or animal obtained. The phea sant-house is a great source of attraction, peopled as it is by the most beautiful speci mens of the class. The Reeves pheasant (Phaseonus Reevsii) with] its remarkable plumage of silver-grey and spangles is almost eclipsed by the Thaamlea Amherstere from China, brilliant in its feathers of golden bronze, purple, and silver ; but the gorgeous golden pheasant and its silver neighbour, as well as the lovely English birds, prove strong rivals, a3 they areallnowin their bestplumage. To any one who remembers the tiny tigers obtained by the Society from Chiarini's Menagerie, the . enormous size which the magnificent beautiful beasts have attained to is astonishing. The male is a noble animal —a truly royal tiger. Fresh cages for animals or birds are being erected, and as each of these buildings are designed in some new form of elegance they add to the at tractions of the Gardens. The flori cultural department appears to be as care fully looked after as the live Btock. The shrubs and flowers are now in fine foliage. Close by the entrance gate is a lovely passion flower creeper in full bloom, the blossoms being large and singularly beautiful. The Late Mr. A. E. Gliddon.— Oar cor respondent, writing from Silverton on May 28, says : — ' Death has again taken away one of our most respected and trusted citizens in the person of the late Mr. Arthur Edward Gliddon. No greater loss has occurred to us as a community than this bereavement. All persons alike have done their utmost to honour the memory of the departed, and sever have I witnessed such an intensity of feeling as was displayed at the grave of the deceased gentleman. Indeed, we have not fully realized onr loss. No public movement of importance ever took place in this town ship for the advancement of the field but he was on of its most energetic and earnest supporters. Daring tbe short .time he haa been here, not only has he won the respect and confidence of his fellows in private business relations, but every one looked up to him as a leader among men. Prior to coming here Mr. Gliddon waa well known in South Australia. For years he held the responsible position . of Manager of the Bank of South Australia at Laura, where he evinced the same energy and uprightness of character which has been bo nobly pro nounced up here. The Laura Institute, one of the finest in your northern areas, was the wcrk of his untiring labours. The Great Northern Racing Club was also developed under his energy as Secretary. He took an active part in promoting the railway to Laura, and in the formation of the Laura Rifle Corps, of which he became a captain. In all public capacities he developed a character f 01 energy and uprightness that wi3 appropri ately recognised when he left Laura. About six years ago heTesigned his connection with the Bank, and entered into partnership in the Laura Brewery ; bat in this venture he was as unfortunate as others who had business relations with the northern areas daring the bad seasons of the past. But in spite of all his adversity he held the character as an honesi man and true. Sanguine in temperament, he received repeated reverses with noble determination to straggle on, without seeking the legal protection that many would pos Bibly more wisely have availed themselves ol under his circumstances. . He leaves a widow and three children to mourn his loss. H( has passed away before realizing bis hopes it the Barrier Ranges. Indeed it can be said 0: him that though young his years have hac their share of trouble, bat he has pas3ec through all after securing the respect of bi fellows. As far as was possible he wai Juried with Masonic rites. Jetty at Abno Bay.— Mr. Moule, M.P. waited upon the Commissioner of Pablit Works on May 29, and presented a memoria sigaed by twenty-five residents of th- Hundreds of Mann and Yadnarie, asking t- have the jetty at Amo Bay lengthened, th- line of rails continued into the township, ant a siding put in. The Commissioner promisee to get a report of the cost, and communicat* the result to Mr. Moule. The Australian Cricketers and thi English Clubs.— It will be within the recol lection of our readers that in March last 1 London telegram was published notifying that the Marylebone and Surrey Clubs hac decided not to allow any of ths members o the last Australian Eleven who may visi England next year as members of an Aastra lian Eleven to play at Lord's Ground am the Oval, and that a similar decision wouli probably be come to with respect to th Nottingham ground. According to Cricket, ai English authority, this does not appear to b altogether correct. In the issue of April 2 the Editor writes:— 'A report which, a least in so far as it concerns one of the club named, is, I know, quite unauthorized, ha created some commotion in the cricket circle of Australia. I refer to the statement whiri seems to have been wired to the colonia Press ,that the Marylebone and Surre Clubs have agreed on a joint action to pr« vent any member of the last Australia! Eleven from playing at Lord's or the Oval i 1886\. I have during the winter more tha once had occasion to refer to the disagree ment between Murdoch and his comrade and the management of Shaw's flngifoli tean and my opinions are quite the same as when I first wrote. I am able to state, though, on the best authority that the question of the action of the Victorian Association has never been considered at all by the committee of the Surrey Club, and that no intimation has been made to. them of any intention such as that attributed to M.C.C. on the part of other English clubs to act as the telegrams to the Australian Press would imply.' ' The Digestive Organ and its Appa ratus.'' — On Friday evening Dr. Ree3, J.P., (Mayor of Hindmarsh) repeated his lecture on this subject in the Robert-street Lecture Hall, Hindmarah, in connection with tbe Literary Association. By the aid of diagrams and illustrations he made the subject interest ing and instructive. Supreme Court Criminal Sittixgs.— The general gaol delivery for the present month will begin to-morrow, June 2, and the sittings are arranged to last until Friday inclusive. Twenty-two cases, involving twenty-four persons, are set down for trial as follows: — Owen Doherty and William Martin, larceny ; John Williams, larceny; David Thomas Aitkin (on bail), indecent assault; Robert Scott (on bail), attempt to obtain money by false pretences; Edward Digan, aggravated assault ; Charles Petersen, larceny by a ser vant; Eezia Hargrave (on bail), larceny; John Ottaway, forgery; Daniel Wells, in decent assault ; William Cook, alias Cole man, larceny by a bailee ; George Pratt, abusing a girl, &c.; ; William Millman, lareeny; James Jones (on bail), indecent assault; James Anderson and James Bow* man, alias Davis, stealing from the person ; Thomaa Alfred Collins (on bail), embezzle ment; William Henry Poyzer (on bail), do. ; John Wilson (on bail), do. ; James Munro (on bail), do. ; John McDonnell (on bail), do. ; George Heard (on ball), do. ; John Edward Warhorst (on bail), do. ; Mary Austin Louisa Molyneaux, arson. Accidents.— On Sunday morning a man named Minst was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital, having fractured his leg whilst larking, in an hotel. On the same day Reginald Luke Dalton was taken into the institution suffering from a similar injury, caused through falling over a kerbstone about half-past 1 o'clock on Sunday morning. Dalton lay till daylight unnoticed. Service to Aboriginals. — On Sunday afternoon,. May 31, the Rev. A. lurnball conducted divine service in the Exhibition Grounds for the special . benefit of the aboriginals from Point Macleay and Point Pierce,|[who have recently come to Adelaide to hold their tribal meeting, and who return home on Tuesday next. Between fifty and sixty blacks were present, and there was also a large concourse of spectators. The natives, the majority of whom are in the habit of attending services at the mission stations twice on the Sabbath, when the proposal was made to them to assemble on Sunday after noon at once acquiesced in it, and all of those who were present listened moat attentively to the speakers, while .in addition they took a prominent part in the choral ser vice. The hymns sung were chosen by the aboriginals, and the manner in which they rendered the choruses by themselves was very creditable. Mr. Turnbull delivered a simple and instructive address, basing hie remarks on the words ' Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,' Matthew xxviii., 19. In referring to the fact that Christianity was now esta blished among the natives, he desired it to bs understood that they were not altogethei ignorant of religion before that time. Froji a conversation with them he had elicited that they had a god called ' Runderadie,' which signified Almighty, or Father. This Runderudie, they declared, taught them a religion, implanting into their minds an inspiration after a higher life. This tradition had been handed down to them, and they hac also the tradition of the Cross/though they die not understand clearly how it came to them. Still, when an aboriginal died he was laid ou1 upon transversed beams representing a cross, and lifter remaining there for a time he was buried in the usual native fashion. Mr, Turnbull said that their black friends wen troubled owing to the way in which they had been alighted while in Adelaide, and he tool the opportunity to point oat to those preseni that they were far more intelligent thai they . were given the credit of being while their abilities were also under rated. They spoke better English thai many of the on-lookers, and from the atatioi records he was pleased to notice that thi majority of them were total abstainers, i collection was made on behalf of the Missioi Stations, and the service, which lasted ai hour and a half, closed in prayer. The Pilot. Board of Victoria.— A eon temporary writes : — ' The accounts of thi Pilot Board of Victoria for the year endec August 31, 1884, lie before us. The receipt; include amount of pilotage received iron H.M, Customs, £31,137, and two siinor items making with a small balance brought for ward a total of £31,554. Expenditure in eludes — Payments to pilots, £27,838; re funded, £1,669; administrative expenses £1,100 ; and other items. The analysis 0 payments to pilots yields some average which warrantably call for the attention 0 the shipping interest of the port. The pilot are divided into three Companies, of whicl Nos. 1 and 2 comprise eleven each, and No. five pilots. The net earnings of No. 1 Com pany are given at £8,785, being an averag of £799 per man ; the net earnings 0 Company No. 2 were £7,351, or £66 per man; and the net earnings of Com pany No. 3 were £3,934, or £787 per mac Large as these emoluments are, there ar yet other payments made to pilots, under th euphemistic heading, ' Pilots' expenses.' Company No. 1 absorbed £3,450 in thi manner, or £314 per man ; Company No. 5 £3,486, or £350 per man ; and Company Nc 4, £471, or £43 per man. Thus each man i Company No. 1 received for net earnings an- expenses £1,113 for the year ; in Compan No. 2, £1,018 ; and in No. 3, £830. Not b- grudging to the pilots a fair and even generous scale of remuneration, we feel i right to put the question, cannot the service rendered be obtained at a much lower cost and if so, why should the shipping frequent ing the port be subjected to charges whip appear to be exorbitant ? Eleven hundre pounds per annum is a heavy price for oceai going shipping to pay Jo secure the service of a pilot, especially when it is considere that under certain conditions, by no mean onerous, shippers of intercolonial vessels ca bay exemption for £10 per annum. If con pulsory pilotage is essential, the fees shoal at least be on a moderate scale.' Saturday's Football.— The only senic Association fixture on Saturday was ths between the South Adelaides and Adelaide on the Adelaide Oval. There was a larj attendance, and after an exciting and eve game the South Adelaides won by 4 goa and 9 behinds to 2 goals and 11 behinds. Ecclesiastical Precedency.— The mi mentous question of ecclesiastical precedent which (says the Australasian) -tarns np i the colonies one by one, and finds its dt settlement, has now made its appearance i Sydney. A single attack of this virulei malady is not sufficient to guard against i recurrence, and Adelaide has had it violent) on several occasions. Even now. it is on! necessary for a newspaper in an oblivioi moment to refer to Dr. Kennion as Bishop - Adelaide to call forth some worthy and ira- correspondents who wish to know what meant by conferring this territorial title on clergyman, and by what authority it is give: It would seem that at Sydney just now tl insurrectionary upheaval against tbe pr cedence given . to the representative - the Church of England is strong ar widespread. First we hear of Archbishc Moran declining an invitation to dinner j Government House on this account, andne: we are told that at the Birthday levie 1 members of the clergy of .the Roman Catholi Wesleyan, Congregational, and Bapti Churches were present, owing to the -Ban reason. Of conrse, it is easy to say that th is making a great fuss about a trifle, bat tl complainants have the obvious reply that the precedency protested against is but worthless trifle, why is it insisted on, ai why is it not abandoned? In Adelaide tl very lart vestiges of sectarian precedence we surrendered by Bishop Kennion when tl last dispute arose, and the Bishop gaini by his graceful and frank abandonment of 1 privileges, as a matter not worth a- momeni contention between Christian Churches, hundred times more precedence in the public estimation than he lost, if, indeed, he lost at alL We presume that something like this must be the outcome at Sydney. In a purely secular State, before which all religions and all Churches are alike, there can be no claim to special recognition on behalf of a particu lar sect, and no old, unquestioned custom to the contrary can establish such a claim if it is disputed by those to whose disadvantage it is made. It is hard, perhaps, for dignitaries coming from the Established Church of Eng land to realize the level of absolute equality to which they have to descend in these colo nies. Bat the condition has to be faced, and Bishop Barry, we are assured, has too much robust manliness to accept an indefensible privilege at the cost of cansing heartburning and irritation to his brethren of the other Chnrchea.' Mr. Rees from a Victoria.^ Standpoint. — The Australasian of May 30 writes: — 'The political .centre of gravity in South Australia seems, in the opinion of one ? eminent person, to have been shifted daring the last few days by Mr. Rowland Rees's conversion from 'theoretical free trade' to what he, in common with a number of half and-half people on the other side of the world, calls fair trade. Mr. Rees is an orator on a very large Bcale. To apply Sheridan's playful correction of his panegyric on Gibbon, Mr. Rees, if not luminous, is voluminous very much so. He tells the South Australian public that the orators of the colony could be counted on three fingers, one of the fingers, of coarse, being assigned to Mr. Rees. It is for tunate that it is so, as if there were many orators in the colony of Mr. Rees's calibre and longitude representative institutions would be smothered under the avalanche of talk, and would perish from asphyxia. Mr. Rees resembles a fluent orator in the colony the other side of us in his liking to show his in timate relations with distinguished people on the other Bide of the globe, and has a letter from Mr. Gladstone which proves that the British Premier picks up much of his policy from his attentive study of Mr. Rees's lengthy orations. It is well known that there is no kind of reading so much in favour with great orators as the longest speeches of other great orators, which they usually devour with passionate interest. And now the active mind of Mr.' Rees has led him in the wake of the insignificant section of the Eng lish Conservatives who flirt with pro tection under the disguise of fair trade. An English Peer recently wrote to the Times to explain that the real source of the constitu tional difficulties of the day was that the landowners who were Peers were compelled, by the low price of corn, to let their town houses, and the nation lost the benefit of their attendance in the House of Lords, a deficiency which would be obviated were the nation to pat such a tax on imported corn as would allow Peers to live in London and give the undivided strength of. their intellects to the work of legislation. Mr. Rees's reasons for South Australia taxing its farmers and miners for the benefit of its town manufac turers are about on a par with those of the noble Lord. It is hardly likely that very much effect will be produced in South Aus tralia by the candidature of Mr. Kees for the vacant post of leader of the small protec tionist pai ty in that colony.'' Booking for the Gallery. — An im portant innovation with regard to booking arrangements for theatres was introduced by Mr. Henry Irving on his retarn to London ! Irom his last American tour. Mr. Irving ' went back from his travels a reformer (re marks the St. James's Gazette). ' He is bold ? enough to interfere with the regulations of the most conservative parts of a theatre— the pit and gallery. Henceforth, pitites and ' gods' will be able to book their seats before hand, like the more fortunate occupier of a stall and the plutocrat who takes a box. ? The reform is a sensible one, and it is quite ? time that it was made. There is no reason why people who cannot afford more than a ' shilling or two for their seats at a theatre should have to endure something resembling a ' scrimmage' at Ructby Union football very much magnified. Persons destitute of his ; torical imagination who want to know what the Black Hole of Calcutta felt like may be ; recommended to the pit entrances of some of ? our West-End theatres in the height of the 1 summer season; The Lyceum tunnel wd3 an 1 awful example of this kind ; and that Scat \- nighter must be fond indeed of excitement 1 who will complain of Mr. Irving's new ar 1 rangements.' J Reduction in Transit of Grain.— When 1 the Hon. T. Playford 'was in Border Town » (says the Tatiara Mail) in January last he 1 waB asked by the people of the district to place the railway to Kingston on the same ? scale of charges for wheat transit as the i Dimboola to Melbourne line. Of course he I couldn't think of such a thing, and as a 3 reason he said he could not think of entering 1 on a war of tariffs with the sister colony. . The rates then were— Dimboola to Mel \- bourne, 250 miles, 18s. 6d. per ton ; Victorian ? Border to Kingston, 105 miles, 14s. per ton. No redaction has since been made on the » Tatiara line, but the Victorian Government f has published a scale of rates which makes 3 a farther reduction of Is. 8d. per ton for £ wheat from Dimboola to Geelong. The rates 3 now stand thus : — Dimboola to Geelong, 200 1 miles, 16s, lOd. per ton ; Wolseley to King 3 ston, 100 miles, 14s. per ton. South Apricast Matters.— The London e Guardian publishes a report as to the state f of affairs in South Africa, siapied by eight 8 Moravian missionaries in the Cape Colony, ? which contains the following passage :'— ' For ? three consecutive year3 we have had scanty s harvests, and poverty is very prevalent. e Trade is in a state of stagnation; work is scarce; one failure succeeds another, even 3 upright and far-sighted business men are !i ruined ; and the credit of the country is '? being undermined. A cloud, too, is creep a ing about the political horizon, which may i be fraught with very disastrous results. In 7 consequence of the calamitous war in the !' Transvaal England has lost considerable a prestige in the colony. The supporters oi t the Dutch party, who constitute two- thirds s of the entire white population, and number 1 in their ranks the great majority of the mem ;' bers of Parliament, are warmly attached tc h the Transvaal and the Orange Free State: ^ they are strongly opposed to the .British '- policy, hate the natives, and contemplate 9 nothing less than a separation from England 3 and the foundation of a new Republic, to be s styled 'The United States of South Africa. a Should this movement, with which man; '- clergymen of the' Reformed Church eympa d thize, succeed, the position of the natives, ir South Africa may become no better than thai -r of the Indians in the United States of North it America.' . IS ' ' ,e Model Parliament at Port Adelaide. ' The first meetingtof a Model Parliament it connection with the Port Adelaide Literary 18 Society will be held .this evening in the Con gregational Schoolroom. )- Ballad Concert.— A ballad concert wil ;, be held in the North Adelaide Institute thii n evening in aid of the Institute lands. Concert.— A concert in aid of the Property ie Fnnd of the South Australian Yacht Clul n will be held in the Fort Adelaide Town Hal it this evening. is Received.— Garden and Meld for June y and ' Sketches of Volunteer Camp Life,' h\ y Private Pascoe. 