Hilnary's Husband. IHusnsy stood leaning against a rugged old oak just outside the farm-house gate, watch ing her lover as he drove away from her for ever. It was a lonely road; there were neither neighbors nor passers-by to peer curiously into her facee, and Aaron never once looked round as he went; she need not have pressed back the tears so resolutely. But she stood perfectly calm and still, looking fixedly down the road after the retreating wheels, though feeling as if she were watching a hearae that bore away her heart to burial in some far-away graveyard beyond reach of tears. When the lest flARtter of dust had laid it self in the road behind the gig, like a sorrow momentarily lulled to sleep, but ready to start into life at memory's first breath, the girl raised her clasped hands above her head, and closed hlier eyes tightly as if to shut out the vision of the long dull years to come, stretching themselves aimlessly intothe die. tance, qaimpty, loveless, and hard like the blank rapd before her. Then she turned and talked steadily into the house, and up the narrow stairs into her aunt's room, and sat down by the bed, folding her slender hands in her lap, and looking down at the invalid with tired grey eyes that seemed auddenly to have discovered the end of all things, and to know that henceforth they must always look back instead of forward. The paralytic neither saw nor heard when lilary came in. She lay as she had lain these many months,--past seeing, past hear ing, past suffering, yet living still, though as utterly dead to her old life as had the Re goier·ol io pace already been written in let ters of marble above her. For a long time Hilary sat by the bedside, absolutely motion less, save when she mechanically leaned for ward to brush a fly from her aunt's brow, or smooth away a crease in the counterpane, or straighten some small crookedness that un consciously arrested her eye. One's outward senses ore never so peculiarly alive to trifles as when a great crisis of fate holds all the spirit spellbound. So now the various conecutive sounds of every-day farm-Hllfe struck sharply through to ]Iilory's brain, and she rose obediently from hler seat at the first stroke of the Lell ringing in the men frons the fields to tfLP evening meal. She lingered a moment bef[e going down, to look curiously at herself in (he glacs. No; this change that had come was all in her life-not in herself. There were no wrinkles amid the faint horizontal lines that Ceosed her forehead, no hollows in the smooth, pale cheeks, no faded threads in the blonde braids that covered her head in such profusion. She looked the ame now as when she lIad run down so blithely to bid her lover welcome only an hour before., She pressed her thin, sweet lips together, and shook her head as if to fence off memory, and then slowly descended to the dining-room, whfre Farmer Perkins and his wife, with whom she and her aunt had boarded ever since she could remember, were already seated at the table, which was set for four, and had that air of elaboration:about it which tables, like people, put on for an expected guest. "Why, where's Aaron ?" asked iMrP. Per kins, in evident disappointment. " I made sure he would stay, and opened a jar of my best strawberries, though young men are that ignorant, I believe he'd all as soon have had .erab-apples." "He couldn't wait," Hilary answered quietly, as she took her place andbueied her self with her napkin. "sHe had a great deal to do." Farmer Perkins raised his baushy brows without lilting his eyes from his plate. "Had he, then ?" he said, with good-humored doubt. "I'd be glad of the day when Aaron Johns had a deal to do." "Yes," answered Hilary, lifting her head with a desperate feeling that it was best to get through the worst at once. "He had so little time. He leaves to-night for the West -for Omaha." "What i" The exclamation came from Mirs. Perkins. Her husband merely suspended his opera tions with the waffles, and stared at Hilary sideways. " Yes," she continued, in a perfectly quiet, unemotional voice. "He said he had failed long enough here, and he was sure to get a start there. It's a poor opening a young lawyer has in a little country town like this, he says." " Right enough there," assented thefarmer, rensuming his hoife and fork and appetite. "We ain't so dishonest about here yet, that many folks can earn a living swearing black is white for us. He'll do a sightbetterin that lying country where he's going. He's a smart enough fellow too, is Aaron. Give him a start, and he'll not come in with the hindmost." "Well, I am took back," said Mlrs. Perkins slowly, quite forgetting to spread her bread in her surprise, absently eating the butter in little lumps off the end of her knife, as if test ing it. ,i can't seem to settle down to it. Who'd have thought he'd go off so sudden, for all the world like a rocket before the matoh is set to it I And when is he.coming back to fetch you, Hilary ? " "Hc is not coming back." "Not ever?" "No." The girl answered steadily enough, but her eyes fell. "Hilary," said Mrs Perkine solemnly, lean. ing forward to look at her, with both elbows on the table, "you don't mean you've been keeping company with Aaron Johns this twelvemonth back, for him to give you the go-bye like that in the end?" " There isn't any go-by about it," replied Hilary quickly, a hot orimson spot coming to each cheek. "We've broken with each other -that's all. He wanted me to go with him, and I wouldn't. How could I leave aunt, when she's only me in all the world to stay by her and close her eyes decently when she dies ? " "Comb, come," said Mrs. Perkins sympn. thetically. " I don't know as your church is stricter than ours, though it's true Episeopals have queer notions; but I do think there oughtn't any religion to expect a young girl to let go so likely a fellow as Aaron, and tie herself down to a halfl-dead body like yon poor, unknowing creature apstairs, that can't tell porridge from cider." "I don't tie myself to her," Hilary an. swered. " God tied me to her when he left us two all alone in the world, and I can't un do a duty of God's making." There was silence for a time, during which Mrs. Perkins gazed fixedly at bhe girl, ocoa sionally giving some tempting dish an abrupt pus in her direction, and once going to the pantry to out off a slice of particularly snce cessinl election oake, which ohe silently put on Hilary'e plate, as if wishing to ofer such alleviations of destiny as were in herpower. "Don't you feel bad, Hilary ?" she brae quely asked, at last. " Very true, my dear," said Mrs. Perkins approvingly, considerably cheered by the an swer. " That's the only proper way to take eftlictione. That's just what I said myself when the black hen wouldn't set, and all the eggs went addled. And I dare say there'll be some other young man along all as good as Aaron, and a stay-at-home besides. There's Nathan Taylor, now. He's none so bad when yeou get used to his squint. Oh, you needn't think you've had your last chance yet, Hilary. There's many a hook slips a fish thatlands its second easy. Hilary shivered ever so slightly. "There'll never be any one else for me, lMrs. Perkins. Don't let's talk about it. Are you going to look over those currants to-night ? Shall I help you ?" "Well, yes, if you like," answered the good woman briekly. "Four hands is always better than two at a job, and there's nothing like picking over currants for diverting the mind. It's the most distracting thing I know of. I set myself right to it the night alter my little Jim was buried,and it consoled me wonderful. It was really providential that he died in currant- time. I'll fetch 'em right in." They all left the table together, and the farmer took up his straw hat from the chair where he had thrown it upon entering, then turned back awkwardly to lay a heavy hand on Hilary's shoulder. " Hilary, my girl," he said kindly, "you're made of pretty decent stuff. You'll do." By ten o'clook that night all apparent life had ceased in the little farm-house. Save in Hilary's room every light was out, and all but she were sunk in the dreamless sleep of the hsard.working. But Hilary still sat by her aunt's bed, lost in thought and taking no note of time. Atlast she rose, with thelook of one who has come to some solemn decision, and, going to a tall chest of drawers that stood apquare and ungainly in a corner of the room under the sloping roof, she took out a white muelin dress that had lain there undisturbed aince her first and only ball, and which was still very fresh and unrumpled. She shook it carefully out of its creases and laid it by while she sought for various other dainty articles of apparel,-her one pair of silk stockings and kid slippers, a white ribbon sash, a bit of rare old lace,-and then, taking ofa her plain stuff dress, sheo proceeded to make a fresh toilette from head to foot, even rebraiding her heavy masses of hair and arranging them in a way that suited her better. She stood at last fully dressed in the soft white muolin,--very fair, very bride-like. fat something was still wanting. Brides wear veils. Ah, she must borrow hers. That little Shetland shawl, soft as spun silk and cobwebby as lace, which had been her aunt's pride in bygone dayo,-what could better fit her need? With trembling hands she un folded it from its many wrappers and threw it over her head, fastening it deftly here and there to her shining braids. It fell fleecy and light over her shoulders and floated far down over her dress. It was the finishing touch. Surely all was complete now. But no; did ever bride go to the altar without a flower upon her? -Hilary hesitated an inetant,then gathering her white skirts closely around her, with her long veil flung over one bare white arm, down ebe went, noiselessly as the ghost she seemed, to the tiny hall below. She list. ened anxiously. Had the creaking wooden otairs betrayed her? There was not a sound indoors save the old clook ticking weariedly in the oerner, where itstood like a sentinel at his poet waliteg to be relieved. Anotherelep and she reached the front door, slid back the hblt, lifted the latch, and passed out into the dark and dewy garden. Her heart beat high as she stole softly down between the shrubberies. There was but moonlight enough to make the darokness visible, and Ito show herself a misty white spot upon it, strange in the midst of strangeness, as if a cloud had fallen to earth and gathered a semblance of human shape in falling; the rustling oef the leaves was as so many faint spirit-voices asking in frightened whispers who and what she was that had thus come among them; the tan felt cold and non accustomed beneathll her feet; the air was damp and heavy with too sweet odors; bats flew low across her pathway withl ugly, flap. ping wings, and her ears tinged with a thou sand littleeoundsethat sheseemed neverto havre heard before. It was a gruesome hour for a girl to be out alone, but sel kept steadily on her way, down between the straight, stiff flower-beds. The lilacs were long since done blooming, and the lilies and the syringas too. She thought of these last with a sigh; they would have been quite like orange.bloseoms. There were plenty of white balsams and white phlox and candytuft too, on either side; but she passed them swiftly by, never pOausing till she came to the very end of the garden, where a white rose-buesh, laden with half.open buds, seemedto have bloomed purposely for this hour. Hilary broke off the flowers with hasty hans, --a few for her breast and a few for her hair were all she needed,-and then, with an exultant thrill at her heart, she turned and retraced her steps through the fitful psoonlight and the mysterious shadows, that seemed to turn when she did, and to chase her with gliding, dusky footsteps, as though loath to let so fair a vision go. But the house was reached in safety, the doors reolosed upon that strangely unfamiliar world of night outside, and Hilary stood once more in her room before the glass, smiling a sad little aile of triumph at herself. Yes,it was all complete now. There lacked nothing save only some one to say that she was fair. She glanced shyly at her own image, ashamed of her involuntary pleasures in its sweetness, and turning away went to the bed to bend down over the poor invalid, who was no far ther from her now sleeping than waking, and softly kissed her forehead. "Aunt," she murmured beneath her breath, "I take you as my witness." The elock in the hall below struck eleven; the lamp began to flicker and turn dim Hil ary saw she mest not delay. From some hidden nook that held her bheicest treasures she took out a daguerreo type and placed it open upon the table. It was the likeness of a good-humored, sturdy young fellow of about three and twenty, with a beardless face and honest blue eyes, and .big, awkward hands, brought into bold relief against the uncomfortably fitting BSnday coat. It was not altogether admirable as a work of art, but Hilary looked at it with loving eyes as she knelt by the table in her bridal dra pesries, and opening her prayer-book laid her right hand upon the picture aid repeated aloud in a grave, hushed voice, firm with re solve and sweet with unutterable love: "I, Hilary, take thee, Aaron, to-be my wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love, cherish, and to obey, till death us do part, ac cording to God's holy ordinance; and thereto I give thee my troth. The strange rite was not ended yet. Should she not too wear a marriage-symbol upon her hand, like all women who have sworn this vow? Still on her knees, Hilary reached out for a spool of yellow silk in her basket, and, knotting a slender thread firmly about her wedding-finger, slipped over it a little ring which she had heretofore always worn on the other hand. Now she felt wedded indeed, and bending forward she pressed her lips against the unresponsive pictured face, blushing all over hollyin aweet shame. And so the weird midnight ceremony came to on end, and Hilary rose, folded up her wedding garments one by one and laid them tenderly away for ever with the white roses that had scarcely.yet lost their dew, returned the picture to its hiding.place, blew out the light, crept silently to her couch, and lay there motionless as the sleeping figure in the bed beyond, but with wide, bright eyes that refused to close, though all was so dark and still. From that night a new life began for Hil ary-a life unshared by any, unknown to any, and of which the only outward sign was that tiny silken thread upon her finger, which she replaced as often as it loosened or showed dim, and which, safely hidden as it was be neath the little trumpery garnet ring, pro voked no manner of comment. Or if oeca eionally it caught a curiouse eye, her simple answer-" It is only to remember something by"-was a quite snficient explanation. But everything was changed to her from that night. She wore only the ribbons that he best liked her in; every new gown was chosen and fashioned wholly according to his taste. Every Christmas, every birthday, she worked him presents that none saw save the poor to whom she gave them in his stead. "Aaron'e handkerchiefs mtist be nearly worn out by now," she would say saoberly to herself. "I must hem him some more." Or-" Asron's shirts can surely hold no longer; I must make him another set. His wife must not neglect him." And the needy ereatures who received her gifts little knew what pure and perfect love had aided in their making. Once a year upon her wedding anniversary, as she called it in her thoughts, sheo always made a little feast to mark out the day from its uneventtul fallows. Was it not natural enough some times to call a few friends together ? And no one thought of noticing that on those oesa sions she invariably wore a bunch of white roses at her breast. And so the years went by. The poor old aunt quietly slipped away altogether out of the life upon which she had so slight a hold; tbhe farmer and his wife became old and in firm, and upon Hilary, who had grown to be more daughter than guest in the house, now devolved much of the real management of the homestead. But who, seeing the quiet, middle-aged woman moving methodically and prosaically about her work, slurring no homely part of it, neglecting no wearisome detail, would have guessed that she hid such a bright fresh romance in her heart, and was glad of it and comforted by it through all the lonely days, and through all the tedious commonplaces of the monotonous routine? Aaron Johns had been heard of but once since he drove angrily away through the sun shine and the dust, never turning to look back at the girl who could so lightly let him go; and that once when Farmer Perkins brought home word from town that Aaron had gone on from Gmaba to Denver, and settled there, and had married a wi[fe and was doinjg well. Hilary listened with no deepening of colour, no quickening of her even pulsecs, but with a curious sense tlat Aaron had coin mitted a crime, and that she was responsiblre for his sinm. lut even that feeling wore of soon, and Anron remained her dream husband still, hlier secret counsel in emergen cies, her daily director and helper and conm forter, while she tried to think of him as keeping pace with time, and to imagine him every year with hair a little more gray, end eyes a little less blue, and cheeks a little more sunken and furrowed. "I ehould know hirs anywhere if I saw him," she often said to herself. Of course he would not recognize me now; but mylove has kept step with his changee, and he could not have grown away rein-it," And so the years slipped softly by, until one day Farmer Perkins returned from town bringing a wonderful bit of news with him. "Hilary," he said, as he sat down,' resting the palms oe both hands on his knees, md looking solemnly at her over his spetasles, " Aaron Johns is back. HIe's picked up a tidy bit of money and buried his wife'out there, and now he's come on a visit to see how the old plance looks. I told himl he'd find youhesr the same as ever, only that the old aunt was dead. He wanted to know speciali shie was alive still. Ialways said he was a smart fellow, was Aaron. I knew he'd get on." "You don't mean Aaron's back I" Mrs. Perkins exclaimed, all in a flotter of ezite ment at once. "Now I shouldn't onder it he'd really come for Hilary at last, and here she's been.a-waiting ready to his hand all these years 1" She went about all day as i stunned, and when at last word was brought her that Abron was there and asking for her, she went to meet him like one walking in adream. " He will never know me," she repeated to her. self. " I have changed, and so of course has _ he yetI feel that I should know him any. where." And then she heard avoie saying heaxtj "Why, she's positively not altered throog all these twenty years I Hilary, I shouldhe known you the world over i" And raising h er eyes sheb aw a stranger standing looklng at her, a large, stout man, with a bald h? and " bushy, red-brown whiskers, and not a wrinkle anywhere on all his round, good.htimDred face. WasthisAaron? Was it po'ssible that this was he ? Not a look, not a tone; nbt s gesture seemed familiar; ieven his a3mile seemed strange. It came upon her like a shook and took-' away her breath. She could only give him her hand in silenee. "Yes, the very, very same " he ried ?e?. lightedly. "Nothing is changed. No one is' changed. The same place,the samehouse, the same people. It is as if the whole town had been sleeping an enchanted sleep. There are no improvemants, no innovationa, no : alterations anywhere--not so mush asa?is~ . board torn down. Everybody seems just to - have become his own grandlather. 1 sould swear I saw some of thevery hats in the street to-day thatIsaw twenty yeaisgo. It' "s delightful. You oan'i think how it reets ?t: man, after he has lived so long in the midet os perpetual newness and stir and ehange, to . otep back to some speot where time is at a standstill, and where there is resly nothing.'. new under the sun. Should you have known - me, Hilary? Forgive me; I could hot??alfl you by anything but the old name.' "She hamn't any other hereabbnts,?la?l-: the farmer, patting her shoulder aelftion:: to ately. "Or Hilary is Hilory to all the townsfolk still, jfast as she was mn her young. days." " She has never outgrown her yoang days,' said Aaron, looking with pleased eye at the ? slim figure and gentle, lovable fe. "*Time has stood more still with her tnthnwith pay. thing else. Bat I'matraidyonhavetorgottera - me, Hilary." . She lueshed deeply all over her delisate pale face. and her eyes dropped. "No," she answered, "I have not. ut but you do not seem the same." . And try as she would, through allthe asys'; that followed, she could not think Lhimbim k ' into his own plaoc. He was a new Aaron , together, not the old Aaron whom she bad so loved, and to whom she had been 'so aithl through the years, She could not get ueedto:. him. His presence was a continuous ehookto her, as if his real and his imaginary elt were always at war with each other. This Aaron was too stout, too noisy, too careless, adin ' too exuberant good spirits. His elothee Atted B him too well, and she missed the blunaeektie,. sand the limp collar, and thebig Baingsilwr i : chain. And he oarried silk ha?o'-eles now, and wore shirts beyond anything her / simple skill could fashion. He was very noe very pleasant; she found no fault with him as he was: it was only that he was not the. Aaron of her dreams, And when one evening, as he was bidding ./. her good-bye, he name nearer and saidgbtly, "uilary, will you go West with me this dim when I go back ?" she trembled violently, and caught away her hand, looking up at him with eyes follotfperplexity. "Oh, Aaron, give me time, give me tiiiie," she faltered. "I do not know,-I cannot say, -let me think," She sat up late in her own room thatnight, as she had eat there once so many years be. fore, thinking it all over with a dsequsiethert., There was no helpless form stretohed on the bed beside her now. There was absoluDyno. one to keep her back-nothing to keep her from him. She had beentrue to him althes - years; she had shut out all other love from' her heart because of that lost love of his; and now he had brought it back to her to be hers, and hers always, lf she would. How could she do else than reach out to him the hand that she had gicen him so man; years ago? She looked down at it, fingens tihe ' little gold thread nervously. Must she part with that ? Could any shining wedding. ring ever be dearer to herthan that had beent It would be like unsaying an old vow, like . easting off an old allegianoe, to take.this thread away. She went to herdesk and took the little daguerreotype fromits hiding.plaee. A faint odor of rose-leaves clung to it, like a' tangible emanation from all the gentle and sweet associations with which it had enriched' her life. A tranquilizing sense of pease stole over her as she looked down at the dear familiar face that had smiled ohangelessly backat her forsolong. Oh, lis wes therel: .aron,-th is was thesAaron to whom shehad given her heart-this was the Aaronwho had " been with her till he had grown into every fibre of her beinag. How soaldshebefaithleeas to him now, giving hereell away to that other and different Aaron who had so boldly come in to claim her ? "Oh, no, no I" she oried aloud, clasping the picture to her heart with a sudden paroxysm of foolish tears; "I cannot-I tannot I aron, my dear pistaereloa s, you have been my all when I had no one else, and I will not give you up. This new Aaron ii not the same, and if I took himin your place, it would be like divorcing myself from you to marry him; and I should miss you, oh, I should miss you tillI died'l " And so, merely for sake of a dream which she could not banish, Hilary sent her lover away once more, and stood at the end of her story as at the beginning, watching him as he drove disconsolately down the road, knowing that she should never see him again. Bothe turned this time to wave his hand to her in friendly farewell, feeling vaguely, perhaps, that she was right after all, and that the Hilary he loved would cease to be the same transplanted to foreign soil. And wheni he had disappeared and the dust had settled quietly down behind him, Hilary turned with a smile on her lips to re.enter the house. Farmer Perkina stood upon the threshold, - watching her somewhat anxiously. She went up to him and laid her hand upon his shoulder. "Aaron is going back to Denver to-morrow," she said, still smiling. "And \--I shall stay behind again." "Hilary, my girl," said the old man earnestly "i've always saidit, you'r madeo. pretty decent stuff, and"-he took off his spectacles and wiped them earefully-"andI think you'll do, Hilary-you'l do.' ' Gr?,ec 1enio Litclhiele, in the (nkteryge .. : ' 439 