[?] An Imitative NoveL* H imitatioii be the eincerest form of flattery, many and devout are the offerings -which now rain upon poor Hugh Conway'* grave. Scarcely a 'week but brings out its little limp-lidded brochure of a boot -with curt graphic ' title in bold 'well leaded within, TnaVfng easy reading. There have been at least a score of copies of 'After Dark' since the author of 'After Dark' was taken from us by that pestilential seizure at Naples. Good copies, all so far as printing and paper go, but all lacking in the matter which in the original ?works -was spun straight from a thread of pure fairy gold suddenly developed in the young author's brain. His little books -were the first fruits of a true voice of genius like the specimens miners bring up when first they strike the reef. They were not matured products, not full harvest or satisfactory yields, marvellously rich, perhaps, strong and bright as first fruits of any growth usually are ; but they were not the works in -which he would have taken pride and found satisfaction had it been permitted him to live and labour long in the world. Already he had set his foot on them, had taken a broader view, had understood that duty demanded something more than fragments, that human nature was exceedingly broad and marvellously complex, and that he who would -win lasting fame, - and perform masterly work in the pictorial painting of humanity, must look wide and study deep, and be generous and zealous in title and toil. His last completed work, 'A Family Affair,' was to the early thin things, as a young artist's first com pleted picture to any of his fragmentary studies, an effort, at least, to accomplish something of permanent work ; lacking the fixe of some of the solitary master strokes, the impressiveness which occasionally attaches to utter crudity of execution, but with a completeness which justified a hope that by-and-bye, something would be produced, of more use than to kill a temporary ennui. Those who know most of the beginnings of great writers know best how much was lost to the reading -world by that fever stroke from the Mediterranean. But surely it is the work of honest literary folk at least to mourn the loss, and not to be poking and plagiarising about the grave, howking after the last idea as resurrectionists after the buried corpse, and trying to sell some poor ideas of their own, tracked out in some poor stolen or. copied garment of him who will write no more. It is discreditable, if not indecent, this imitative work, and utterly unworthy of such a writer as Mrs. E. Lynn Lynton, who is not ashamed to let her name appear upon the Hugh Conway cover of the twohundred page novel called ' Stabbed in the Dark.' Mrs. Lynn Lynton, 'who wrote not only 'Patricia Kemble ' and ' My Love ' and ' The Atone ment of Learn Dundas,' but those brilliant and bitter articles, which did much to gain for the Saturday Review its caustic reputation. She the pitiless satirist of her own 6ex, the strong woman who dared to be free, and was strong enough to be original, to -willingly adopt fetters of this sort. It is at once a matter of puzzle and disgrace, for it must be said at once that the book is a literary failure. Mrs. Lynn Linton.' in trying to make events march at this pace, is as an old commander who had his whole life long been accustomed to wheel troops in the old fashion, attempting without instruction a movement en echelon. She jumbles her facts, she crowds her situations, she has again and' again to reach back for some familiar starting point, and at the end sheis amongst the things of her own creating rather as log in a maelstrom than a magician controlling all the elements of a created storm. Upon the flyleaf of the book is the inscription, 'The first idea of the story was given by M. Rudolf Lehman's fine picture of ?The Confessional,' ' a state ment which may stand as true, for it matters little how the idea was born, it is the way of its develop ment that interests the reader ; and this is the way of Hugh Conway, not Mrs. Lynn Linton. Had Mrs. Linton been content to be herself, she would doubt less have produced a fine work, for many of her pre vious studies had led her very close to the con fesaional. She had very skilfully depicted some of the results of the pseudo confessional of the ' advanced' Anglican Church, and taking a full gnp of the purpose, the blessing, the danger, the horror, and the mystery of the absolute confessional of Rome, she might have fashioned a story which should have heightened and brightened even her clear fame. But she took her story to Hugh Conway's grave, and strove there to win the inspira tion of the buried spirit, and, as is often the fate of would-be enchanters, she was deceived. She had the idea of a tale of horror poured by quivering, beautiful lips into unwilling ears in the confessional. She had to conceive of all the facts required for the development of 'such a tale and she found them easily 'enough. An orphan in the south, of Italy, first young, beautiful, and poor, in charge of an uncle properly imbued with all the instincts of his order. A father dead, but living always in memory, a patriot and a Ganbaldian who had bequeathed all his own notions. A husband, in a Neapolitan prince who hated Garibaldi and all bis works even more than he feared the deviL A well aged prince with a younger brother whose honour controlled his person. A Piedmontese officer who knew little of either honour orpassion, but would anddiduse patriotism andallnoble qualities of manhood as baits to win satiety for desire. These were the puppets/ The scene was Naples and all its glorious setting. The girl Beatrice di Serrafaico is married by her uncle, with the assistance of Holy Church, of course, to Prince Geromino d'Alhamonto her own consent being a matter of no importance. * 'fstabbed in the Dart,' by Lynn linton : Sydney, Edwards, ' Jtanlaa. and O».. 1885. She does not love the Prince, but she is im passive after the manner of Southern Italy; she wants the prince's younger brother to love her, bat he flies to a monastery. The Piedmontese arrives, and after the fashion of Northern Italy, he loves and seeks love's full satisfaction. He is a man of the time aud the world. Piedmontese, he seeks to arouse the unawakened creation, and succeeds when he sfadkes the chord, of patriotic Garibaldianism inherited from her father. That is a bond of mutual WTijeTiF£a'rKng that is also a foundation for his plot. But it is not enough} the dead father's ghost would surely stand as guardian, angel in any castle built upon this foundation. He must try deeper, and so in all movements of leisure and opportunity he seeks to instruct her in the inner jnaaufngK of an writers who have had power to make passion breathe through words, notably De Musset and Balzac Ati^ he succeeds. She awakens aud loves h™, and he is merciful as the tiger who has waited for, and secured, his prey. The prince hates the Piedmontese, ultimately sus pects, discovers, and then bursts in fame as Vesuvius, plots for his murder, and is himiaOf ^lain by --jr enemy- Beatrice is as thoroughly awakened to re morse and agony as to love, but still love is triumph ant. She knows that it is the Piedmontese, her lover, who has killed her husband, but she will save him at the cost of her own soul. She seeks her hus band's brother, a priest within the confessional ; within the confessional she lies to him. She tells him : ' I did it. It was I who stabbed my husband in the back, because his suspicious dishonoured me.' And now the conclusion may be permitted to speak for itself, both as to manner and matter. The brother did not speak. TTia horror overcame him at this terrible confession of the girl he had loved better than his life, and whom he had regarded at pure and spot less as his guardian angel. When the hour of his release came, the monks carried a dead man in their arms, and laid reverently in his cell all that remained of the once handsome young d'Albainonte, who had loved Ms brother's wife in innocence and honour, and who had died of grief at knowing her a faithless wife and a murderess. As for her — she had committed the last unforgivable sin, and had lied to the Church as well as to man. She had doomed her soul to everlasting perdition, and there was no help for her on earth and no mercy in heaven. But ftaimondo di Ticino was safe. In (Rome, blocking up the end of a small street leading from the Via dei Serpenti, _us & recess wherein hangs a picture 'of the Crucifixion. Before this painting is a grating, which seems to the passers-by as if it ended the whole mutter. Those who go close up to die picture find a small, park, narrow stair at the side, leading up to a covered piazza where are two doors — one leading into the church, the other into a convent. Tins is the convent of the Sepolte Vive, or Buried Alive. No order is so severe as this. The nuns live on charity, and only when they have been twenty-four hours without food may they ring lie bell ?which proclaims their sufferings and aekB relief. They pass their days in prayer and penance, waiting only for death to release them iroui their sufferings, burners, all of them, thev expiate their crimes by this terrible self-torture, and befieve that God will forgive them in proportion to their anguish. And here Beatrice went. She was not fit to live, nor yet to die. She was not worthy to bring up her child, nor to touch the hand of an honest man — of a virtuous woman. Bhe was only fit for a life-long penance. Her hardest trial was to give up the little daughter -whose life she had blighted from die birth. .But she sacrificed her to God. She sent her to the convent where her own mother had been educated, and asked that she should be made a nun, and so saved from the world's peril. She did not wish the blood that ran in her veins to be transmitted to another. Her own sin, and the sin of the man who had been the father, were too great. Let the mischief die out, and be at an end. So she . passed away into that awful doom, living yet dead.. The great doors clanged behind her, and her name was henceforward blotted out from the record of men. No rose was ever flung over the garden- wall to show her watch ing friends behind that she sail lived. No one .knew when her miserable existence ended, bhe lived in torture, and only when she died was she released from sufferings of which the worst was the consciousness of her bin in that she had lied to the Church in false confession. On the day on widen she died lUumondo di Ticino — who, with his young wife, had come to Borne — was decorated by the king— no one knowing of the pallid corpse in the coarse woollen garments lying on that narrow pallet in the Convent of the Sepolte 'Vive — nor giving a thought to the ghastly stonr of the fine old Neapolitan prince who had been stabbed in the back in his own court-yard — with, which story had somehow been connected the shadowy image of a bersagliere officer, and & ome vague «™ni«) touching the prudence of the princess, the old man's beautiful young wife. This is a fair sample of the work which Mrs. Lynn linton has in her very mature age been led to place before the -world. This is the depth to which a woman, who at once had the respect, though never per haps the love, of the literary world, has fallen. When they thus degrade is it a marvel that we look back to the old Grants who culminated and died, and say the true originality, the genius of national litera ture, is dead or in abeyance ? The utmost effort is to kill ennui. There is no effort, and no power to make effort, to satisfy the hungry soul asking for a true tale of honest natural human life. 