"BRAVELY BORNE." BY "WOODBURNE." PRIZE TALE. (Written Expressly for the Tasmanian.) I wandered in vernal sinmplicity,through the mazes of my beauteous girlhood, in a far off village down by the eoe, where the roar of ocean lulled ray somewhat podgy limbs to rest each night, as the sea-birds sought their homes. It would seem nicer, perhaps to say the ocean lulled my soul, etc., but it was nt nso. I had no soul, I see it very plainly now; had that portion of my anatomy bcot expanded as it is at present, 1 should most certainly have passed the whole of my time in writing skeotches of the glorious page of nature upon which I was rudely riding, lishing, dancing, bathing, blackberrying, in fact doing everything but pause and admire. There had been a time when we children drove out in our parents' carriage, with pomp and shabow galore, when I, a dainty maid in pearl grey silk, eat very still for fear of moving my pretty pink satin bonnet. and gazed enraptured at. my tiny bronze shoon surmounted by silken hose. I re- member feeling positive that there was not such a perfect little lady in the whole world as myself, and no such grand people in the world as my people, and doubtless it served aus quite right when Nemesis overtook us, in the shape of a great sale, whenleverything we possessed of any value, even to my large and worshipped doll,was borne oilff in triumph by a lot of smiling men, who made me most indignant by calling me their "pretty dear." Worse hardships were in store for me than that, I found. There camne a day, when,in rustic wagon, we sat arounod on trusses of hay, and said noodby to our beautiful home for ever. For many hours we moved further and further from the scenes of our youth--vory sadly and very slowly, for Jack, our sole remaining joy, a fine mottled grey cart.horse, was too accustomcd to the snail's pace of the plough to feel it incunabet upon him to hurry up when lie was honoured by draw- inga family of ten, with all their worldly possessions, over the most atrocious road that any right minded person can imagine. Tihe way was through thick bush, and when the showers of tears began to clear off our open and expressivecountenances, as the story books say, we btheld with joy that the wo3ds were very beautiful. Winding along at a funoreal pace, with nothing else to think of, the singing of a hundred birds roused our grief-crushed hearts to action, antd soon all sorrow was forgotten in watching the red-breasts as they darted glowing bright among tihe leaves, joining a kind of mystic dance, in which the lovely blue wrens, firetails, diamond birds, and yellow tails took the most conspicuous part. Yellow, green, and scarlet were visible in the high waving gum trees,where the noisy parrots , and little green paroquots were seemlingly holding a council of war, chattering and nodding away till they made us feel as blythe and light hearted as themselves. We stopped for lunch where a picturesque old bridge of mouldering logs spanned the rocky depths of the Carlton river. Here the heart-leaved musk, soft blue. gum, ti-tree, wattle, dogwood, myrtle, and a myriad other native soldiers, seemed to have had a mighty struggle for the best place to see themselves in the still waters below,which had ended in the fall of all the aspirants, and now they hang in wild profusion, with the snow. white clematis filling every gap left by the cruel foeman. We called this spot " The War of the Trees," which seemed to us a very beautiful idea, and after we had gathered armloads of frnos,heath, berries, and mosses of all kinds, we rose up to complete our journey, in the very best spirits, and took our seats in the jolly old wagon more gaily than we had ever mounted to higher seats in days gone by. Creeping on through the mighty forest, a gentle drowsiness at length stole over us, and the young ones were fast asleep, when I awoke them with a cry of stilled terror — "Oh ! mamma, mamma, the sky is on the ground." The children set up a mournful howl, for they thought, with me, that they had lived to see the end of the world, and it was some time before we could understand that what we saw before us was tile boundles ocean. As far as the eye could reach, it lay like shining blue gauze, with long white ostrich feathers of foam curling here and there in the distance, and nearer they rose like walls of crusted silver, and fell with a longlow roar which seemed to us exactly like the noises made by the giants in "Jack the Giant Killer," and such like dreaded heroes. From our vantage ground, we were now winding down a steep decline, and seemed to be entering some gorgeously painted landscape pic ture, instead of going calmly down, within this wondrous studio of nature, to make our home. The road we were following was invisible oexcept for a few yardsahead, as it kept winding in and out, among rural abodes, where gardens, cornstacks, pigs, poultry, and plenty of all descriptions spread themselves out to rest as it were in the evening sunlight. Far away to the left, Cape Bernier stood out bluff and bold against a bank of azure cloud beyond, and looking as if it had pulled upshort, in a frantic attempt to get to Marin Island, which is not very far from it, across the water. Round from the Cape curves a splendid stretch of sandy beach, which runs almost to Forestier's Peninsula, on the right, and is only divided from it by a narrow channel, through which the waves rush with tremendous force into Blaclkman's Bay. What struckus particularly about the beach was that it had overshot tile mark, in order to make itself a good thing, and had gone on being a beach when there was no land to back it up, so that for a mile or so the curious sight is presented of a line of swollen saud-banks, with water on either side, and as we found afterwards, down the middle also; for this long drawn out strangeness is divided straight down the aentre by a wide creek, which, on account of the abundance of bream in it, is called Bream Creek, and a scanty growth of Boobyalla trees and shrubs line its banks on either side. Straight in front of us was Blackman's Bay, and although only divided by Bream Creek from tihe roaring breakers of Marion Bay, it is perfectly calm, and being surro.unded to all appearances by land, one could faniy it an enchanted lake, with those stately black swans sailing everywhere in con scious security, aud those rows and rows of pelicans sitting up so straight on tile other shore. "Green Island," just outside the roll of the breakers, we all agreed should be called" Bird Island," as it is not green at all, but is covered with birds thousands of sea-birds of all eorte and eizes make it their homen, as do they also the furthest point seawards of Forestier's Peninsula. As we drew nearer and nearer tihe treacherous ocean, my heart began to fail me; there were no boats in sight, and we had passed all the houses, but it was not until father turned our nimble steed's head away from land altogetlher that my feelings got the whip hand of uoe, and I aslted with a gasp " if ho was goinag to unhitch the tail-board and turn us out into the water," as I had seen them do with loads of wood. Ifamant laughed so heartily that my piteous tears alone restrained her, when she told me we were obliged to drive round the beach to get to our new lhomne. which she said was called " Land's End." Poorold Jack waes ellowing asigns of great fatigue, ans we stopped to open a strong white gate, leading into heavily wooded bush land;and after toiling through deep sand between tIhe hanging boughs for a mile further, we hailed with joy a neat wooden cottago covered with grape vines as our haven of rest It was late now, and we were too tired to explore, so we lighted a huge fire in the great empty kitchen, and after eat ing up everything we could 'lay our tongues on "-as one of the boys graphi- we cally remarked-we spread ourselves out frig on "home made" beds, and slept for the his first time, with the loin- low growling of sol the sea for an accomnpaniment. Next on morning we arose with tihe light and sot rushed otlr to look about us, quite for- yo getting that there were no maids to get breakfast, and that poor tired mamma fin would have to db everything alone. We i' found the houso was almost now and contained six rooms, which we portioned " out as mamma's room, boys' room, girls' ju room, store room, parlour, and kitchen. From our window we could see thick bush so. on three sides of us, and we know that in he front the garden stretched right to the beach. The aforesaid garden-a square of rich to loamny soil-was most primitive, being fenced securely with a high log fence, interlaced here and there with a fallen tree, and blackberries trailing in wild luxuriance over every part of it. Fruit of other kind there was none, the clearing being covered with rye grass, to be used as food for the cattle; and my sister Gracie said, "It could not be so very nice after all to be ' coming thro' the rye :' " as this rye was taller than we were, and if a laddio did happen to meet one, he would have to fall against one by acci- dent, as he could not possibly see where hie was going-pad then lie might be trying to meet some other girl ! For months we lived in our new abode with- out seeing a living soul, and Gracie and I began to feel quite grown up. Hard work soon makes girls feel old, especially if they have not been used to it, and we had plenty to do now-washing, baking, cooking, and cleaning weor the order of the day--and when in the evening our labours were ended, we took great pride in doing up our hair in the then fashion- able chignon, and pulling out our backs with feather pillows, as mamma did not think we were old enough for bustles One evening a tall weather beaten woman strode up to the gate with a large basket of lisll, and told us slte was Mrs. Barton, that her husband was a fisher- man, that they lived " Ioeynut" on Fores- tier's, and that she came over every two or three months to get provisions from the store, and to dispose of some of her " maister's" gleanings of the sea. Mamma bought enough fish for a shilling to last a week-craytish, perch, trumpeter, rock cod, and all sorts-and then tried to dis- miss the good woman, who was looking at Gracie and me with such an extra ordinary expression that at last we were obliged to run away to hide our laughter. WVheu we were well out of hearing, she turned to mammaand said-" Such sweet faces as they have got, poor things, but I never did see such dreadful shaped heads nor such ' liggiera !'" Then heaving a long drawn sigh, she trudged off into the woods. It is needless to say we did not again run the risk of being thought de- formed by these old world folk we had fallen among, and Mrs. Barton was quite as much surprised on her next visit to t find our " figgier " had grown smaller, and that our hair was falling past our waists in natural curls. " Dear, dear," the old lady remarked, " it's just this ; s when they puts up all that hair, their 'eads looks like pots." It took quite six or eight months to feel at home in this quiet corner of the world, but at length it seemed as though r we had been there all our lives, and swaded in our rural enjoyments to our hearts' content without fear of inter- y ruption. Bathing off Boobyalla Point was one of our chief delights, and such a e swarm of sea nymphs would have startled tthe bravest " bold fisherman" had he a chanced to come that way. Fortunately d we knew there was no fear of that, and splashed about, clad Eve-like in sun b beams. The boys passed most of their at time, when the tide was out, spearing sting-rays onil the sand pats, which they turned into a source of profit by selling their oil. Great was the simplicity of their costumes also, and the sun used to blister their backs awfully, but they did not seem to mind as long as they had plenty of sport, which they certainly had, n and besides, as they argued, if their skin did suffer they saved their clothes, which they considered laudable economy. Our nearest neighbours were a family re named Dunn, father, mother, and tribe , of ten, who all lived in a tumble-down two-roomed hut, which consisted of a mud-floored parlour, in which the family " mealed," and a mtud-floored bedroom, in which the whole of them slept. They were psetty looking boys and girls, but their ignorance and superstition was something appalling. They firmly be lieved in ghosts, not only of people, but of animals, and whenever a beast was killed the family would sit up and watch for the "spirit to pass," which they said it did between twelve and one the same night, accompanied by most unearthly noises. Of a sheep they would see the head and pluck darting through the air at the same witching hour, with a varied assortment of " balls of fire," "flames," and " red hot keys." I bagged mamma to let me stay that night and watch for an ox to "pass," which.had been killed that day, but of course 1 could not get consent, so was obliged to content myself by a promised visit to the old graveyard, about a quarter of a mile from our house along the beach, where, they assured me, I would see a " bull without a head" which had kept watch there every night after darkness fell since the "awful wreck." I asked what wreck, and old Dunn told me a tale of the ribs of some unknown bark, which, he said, had lain on the sands of Marion Bay since one fearful night long ago when through the howling of the storm lie and his mates heard the boom of a gun, and know that some hapless ship had struck on the sandbanks. They could render no aid, as there was not a boat in the district, and they could not get near ns the tide was at the full itn Blackman's Bay, so they waited till next morn, when a total wreck was seen on the sands. No one knew who she was or where she had come from, and they took up the bodies that drifted ashore and buried them in the little quiet graveyard, the plain white headstones bearing the single word "Unknown." I waited many niights for the headless bull beside thlese graves, and pondered sore what manner of men were. hidden in those mossy mounds, and he what gallant ship had perished thus in the darkness and the storm, but I never found any clue to the mystory. The remnainls of tile wreck I visited afterwards, and found them just as Dunn had stated. When the tide is outin Blackman's Bay it is quite safe and easy to walk across the sands to Bream Creek, and crossing it and the intervening strips of sand, yo' find yourself upon the splendid beach which runs round to Cape Bernier. My two blrothers,Gracie, and I, walked across one afternoon, and had a most enjoyable time gathering shells and seaweed, and pitying the skeleton of the poor old vessel we had come to see. There were hier blackened ribs sure enough, and we could not make up our minds to leave lier, so stayed on,regardless of time,until we sud denly noticed it was getting dark. In silent haste we flew across the sandbanks towards the Bay, and were not surprised to find the tide was rising fast, and the sand flats nearly covered already. To stay where we were, was impossible, for if we did mamma would think we were drowned, and in her delicate health we knew a fright might prove fatal. Still, to go for ward looked like certain death. As we stood eyeing the waves in mute dismay,a cheery voice from among the sandhills hailed us, and asked if we were thinking of arossing I at tile same time the owner of the voice came bounding towards us, and introduced himself as one of our neighbours. " Hugh Douglas, at your service,young ladies, only too happy to make himself at home, by carrying one of youl across to the other shore." There was something so hearty and re assuring .in his loud young laugh, that we got over our fears at once, and soon we were on the very best terms with our new go friend, who, as I scorned to be carried on ye his shoulder " like a child," gave me the support of his powerful arm, as we stopped out into the water. We wade silently on some time, then Hugh says, " What is your name, little girl ?" " I'm not a little girl," I answer de- fiantly, "I was lifteen last birthday, and I'm sure that's old enough for anything." ' Of courseitis,"hoe answers consolingly, " Why, you are nearly as old as 1 am, and just look at the difference in our height. " I look up at the happy face, that sur- mounts his five-feet-five of sturdy boy- hood, and prove myself a lady, by say- ing-"You'are are a great deal handsomer than any boy I ever saw," at which he looks c.mfused, and says he did not know he was much to look at, but I assure him solomunly that his thick brown curls, great soft eyes, and scornful looking Umoutll, are just like "boys in books." " You have read too many books,young lady," lie says, and I fancy lie is not so much at his ease as he was, so I say— "Yes I have read lots of stories in the Famiily Herald and the Young Ladies' Journal, but mamma has locked them all up now, so I will not be able to read any more." Then as he is still silent, I add- " sut if you don't think you are like a boy in a book, I am very sorry I said so; you seem to me to be like one, that's all, so please don't be offended." He laughs again now, and says it would take more than that to offend him, but he bids me try and walk more quickly, as the tide is rising fast, and lie fears that before long he will have to take me in his arms, to keep my head above water. Even as he speaks, the cold tongues of ocean are lapping my neck, and the weight of my clothes is so intolerable, that I ask in a pleading voice if he will kindly take me up, and in less than no time I was clinging like a drowned clam round his neck. Just as we reached the other side, I lost consciousness, with the cold and fatigue I suppose. My brothers and Oracie thought nothing of it, as I so often fainted that nobody cared, but our neow friend was sure I was deal, and was so frightened that lie would insist on carrying me right home. The presence of a stranger was a boon to us in those days, as it saved us the all- round flagellation that would have other- wise been ours, for frightening our parents. This to my mind was about the hardest part of our childhood. In- stead of father and mother welcoming the little tired boy or girl, who had been lost in the bush for an hour or two, and terri- , bly frightened thereby, they generally t greeted us with a willow, wand, that sent us Ihowling to a place of shelter, far from the reach of man, where we groan in anguish of heart and body that there is no one to love us, little thinking, foolish children as we are, that that same willow stick is a good friend, and is teaching is lessons that will help us to become true- hearted and unselfish men and women some day. To-night papa and mamma seem very glad to see us, and thank our new friend as heartily as if he had rendered them some real service in carrying home my cold and aching body,whilst lie makes himself quite at home, and in a suit of papa'soldclothes,miles and miles too large for him, sits laughing and talking away to the boys as if he had known them for years. The kitchen looked nicer that night, I thought, than it usually did, and a quaint picture we made as we sat at ease in the garments of any shape and every sort,for wewere too cold and tiredvwhen we came home to be particular as to our style of dress. Gracie and myself, safely ensconced, one on either hob of the large old fire-.place, looked like elves from the water world, with our long dank locks spread out to dry in the warm blaze. We talked until very late that night, and when at last we parted,we had heard all Hugh's history, andiho kneow as much about ur as there was to tell. His story had a great effect upon me, and I felt strangely drawn to that solitary boy, who had never known a mother's love--his mother having died at his birth, and his father,who had married again almost im- mediately, was so taken up by his second family, that he seemed to have no time to think of his eldest son, who roamed about the forest with his dog and gun,and passed his whole life ins a kind of dream world of ideal love. He told us'how he pictured to himself a mother, upon whom he could pour out the great wealth of lonely affection which had been lying dormant in his heart for so many years ; how le would like to make a ihome for her, and have her all to himself ; to take her for long walks over the beautiful country he knew so well; to be lovedmand looked up to, and waited upon by him, and when the day was past, to be able to sit at her feet and read to her, from tlhe books he loved best. He described the arm-chair she should have, and the warm dresses he would buy her, and seemed to have forgotten that we were listening to him, until mamma, with tears in her eyes, stooped and kissed him on the forehead as she murmured, "The ways of the All-wise are indeed past our comprehension; this dear boy is loft motherless and alone, whilst many boys have loving, patient mothers, whose life they make unbearable by their thought lessness and folly." From that night Hugh is firmly established in my mother's heart, and we all receive him with open arms as a brother. He is constantly with us, and we have many delightful excursions together, the dangers of our firat trip making all that followed seem quite tame, though I shudder now when I look back and think of the crank old boat in which we braved the breakers so often, and which fell to pieces one night when the boys were coming in from a long day's fishing. For- tunately the water was shallow enough where it happened, to let them get to shore in safety, so they got out and pulled the partner of their joys home with them, that we might keep her in remembrance of all the pleasant hours which she had enabled us to pass. One day I borrowed a horse from the Dunn's, as I wanted to go for a ride, and they lent me one they had just bought at a sale, so could not pretend to recommend it, as to their knowledge no one had ever been on it. I was a fear less rider, however, and the more fact of 1ts being a horse, albeit somewhat stout, and rather heavy of foot for a lady's charger, was sufficient recommendation for me, who had pined for a ride as fishes are supposed to pine for water. With a very light heart, and totally oblivious of the jeers of my small brethren, lwho, mounted on the log fence, were convulsed withll shrieks of merriment as my fat sand rumpled steed lumped off at a slow jig-jog pace, which, being a pace I was totally unused to, having always ridden my own pony at a hand gallop, had a very depressing effect upon my spirits. At length a world of sym pathy came welling up in my heart for those poor frogs of olden story, as I yelled to the heartless crowd on the fence not to laugh, for it was no laughing matter with me to be thrown three feet in the air every two seconds, and come down thud on the bones and buttons of mamma's habit body, which I had tucked in from the waist, as it was too large for me. I belaboured "Blossom" with the whip till my arms ached, but I might as well have tried to move a mountain as make him go faster. I thought I must be a good many miles from home, when a tiny cottage showed itself through the trees, and, as I was very tired, I ambled up to ask the time of a neat little woman who was standing at the door. Not like cottager's wife was the pretty gentle voice in which she bade me welcome ; asking me to dismount and take a cup of tea with her. Her dress was old-fashioned, and the real lace cap which nestled on her clustering curls was just the style of thing mamma wore, and when with her pretty white hand she took a handsome gold watch from her pocket, " Who can you be ?" seemed forced from my parted lips. Slo did not seem to think my question rude or out of place, and while her deft fingers laid delicate white and gola china upon a spotless tea- cloth, and arranged a tempting repast of camp-oven bread, rich yellow butter, honeycomb, blackberry jam, and now laid eggs, she told me a tale wh.ich determined me, then and there, to give up my long cherishoed plan of marrying for money. Mrs. Banyan was an English lady, she told me, and that being of a roving dis- position she had left home and friends, and come out to Tasmania as a governess. She was fortunate in getting a comfort- able situation in Hobart, where she was as happy as she could wish to be until fate throw Mr. Banyan in her way as a suitor. He was a plain, middle-aged man, and as he was evidently not a gentle- man Miss Villiers would have dismissed him at once had not the lady with whom she was residing advised her to think well before saying a decided no to such a rich man ; " for a rich man he must be, my doar, he spends so lavishly. Thou just imagineo to yourself a beautifull country home, where you will have every comfort; and nothing wanting but love for your husband, which will euelVy come in time." So with such argumentsa a youong and pretty English lady swag beguiled into selling herself-to what ? A two-roomed cabin down by the lonely sea, far from civilisation of any kind, her lord and master a vile drunkard, who beat her, and ofttimes turned her out of her pitiful abode to spend the night alone in the bush, while the roaring of the waters and the soughing of the great forest trees terrified her almost to madness. He would not allow her to communicate with her friends, as ho did not want his conduct to be exposed, and since her marriage, years and years before, she had not seen a soul by whom shie might send a letter to the post-oflice, which was many miles away. Her husband know that she had not married him for love, but for a home, and he took a grim delight in taunting her with the mistake she had made in supposing him to have been a wealthy landed proprietor. Darkness was falling as I took a fond farewell of this dear old lady, who was in constant dread that her liege lord might return and find me there, and as Blossom positively refused to go out of a walk I had ample time to ponder well the sanbject of matrimony. It seemed so sad to me that two people should be bound to live and die together, when, as they hate the sight of each other alive, they must often wish that death would come aud take one of them off on the white horse. Thus they conmmit murder in thought if not in deed, yet this sin is not sufficient to re lease them in the eyes of the law. ily reverie was brought to an abrupt conclusion by the splash, splash of water, and I found the tide had risen with the moon, so that I tnust do some more gymnastic riding if I wanted to get home that night. Jerking the bridle hard, I uttered a war-whoop that made the hills resound, and with my whip hand flying up and down like a pump-handle we went plashing through the shallow water with as much noise as a friendly elephant enjoying a shower-bath. The boys and Hugh came to meet me as I neared home, and we waxed quite wroth as we talked of poor Mrs. Banyan's wrongs. Hugh was of opinion that she was very much to be pitied, but at the same time more to be blamed for having been induced to marry without love. "But perhaps she thought she iwas in love when she married him," says brother Tom. " I don't see hose peoelo can tell when they have got a fit of it." " Because, my dear boy, you are too young to know anything about it," I say sagely. Hugh laughs heartily at my tone, as he asks me to give him my valuable ex- perience in affairs of the heart. "Don't be silly, Hugh ; I have had no personal experience, you know quite well, but of course people always know when they love anyone," I say crossly. " Very well, dear, I won't laugh at you; but if you have never had a fit of it, as Tom says, how can you possibly know anything more about is than he does 'I" " Why, I've read about it in books, and people can tell in a moment. A beautiful man sees a beautiful lady, and they know right off what they mean." " Oh ! that's right enough in books, but if you were in love now, do you think you would know ?" "Of course I should, I would be pale and silent, and always writing love lettere and putting them in a hollow tree, and tying up bunches of forget-me-note, and pressing them in books that my lover had read,aund decking myself with roses in my hair to please him-and--oh! lots of things." Hugh seems to be trying not to laugh, so he keeps his face turned away, and I say savagely, "You can laugh, Mr. Hugh; you will find out all about it some day, and Ihope you will have a good lesson, to teach you not to laugh at the sorrows of others." "I'm not making fun of the sorrows of others, my dear child ; love is not sorrow, you know, hut you hare gotsuch wretched ideas from those absurd novels you have read so many of." " Well, if love is tnot misery, what is ? I'm sure the lovers in books have no rest night or day. What with wicked fathers, stern guardians, jealous rivals, robbers, and assassins cowing murdering about, they must often wish they were dead." I pause for an answer, but Hugh is laughing again, so I thump away at Blossom, and go jig-jogging off, thinking boys the most heartless creatures in existence. (To be Continued.) 