CRUISE OF THE MUSGRAVE. IBv oar Special Reporter. 1 The annual trip of the Governor Mosgrave for the inspection of lighthouses, &c.;, is usually a comparatively commonplace cruise, but this year there was something of a special character about it on account of rather important questions concerning certain outports, the oyBter fishing interest, and other matters coming within the jurisdiction of the nautical tribunal. Notification had been sent to the Majors of various seaports which the Musgrave intended to visit, so that there might be an opportunity of furbishing up old grievances, taking down from the Bhelf those local wants which, fcr want of speedy settle ment, are frequently pigeonholed irom year to year, and produced, a little dusty perhaps, as opportunity afforded. The Musgrave started from the Semaphore on Tuesday evening at 7.20, with Captain Ferguson (President), Captains begoe and J. W. Smith, Messrs. John Formby, S. D. Glyde, and H. C. E. Muecke, Wardens. Mr. John Neill was expected to join at Moonta, and Captain McCoy could not come. There were also two representatives of the Press on board, anticipating some work in directions of deputations, and praying for fine weather to write in. The weather was at first so mild that those members of the party who for the first, day or two are wont to practise total abstinence from the dinner table and haunt secluded spots in the vicinity of the lee bulwarKs were enabled to forego that sort of sea training and appear with marvellouB regularity at mealtime. The lights at Cape Border, the Althorpes, Corny Point, Tipara, and Moonta Bay having-been viaited, a course was shaped for . WALLAROO BAY, where a strong sign of civilization, in the shape of a deputation, awaited the Board. The steamer got there on Thursday night, ana in ine morning tne omciai visit was made. There were plenty of signs of life and business. Alongside the jetty, which is 1,605 feet long, there is another one, denominated oldj 'the old jetty," 800 feet long, where seven line vessels were lying, viz., the Scottish Lassie, 852 tons; Loch Tay, 1191; Hyperion, 935; Albatross, 937; Jessie Renwick, 892; Helina, 901; and Verulam, 497; and one train of some 22 wheat-laden trucks oame in while we were there. The Verulam, by-the way, is a regular veteran trader to South Australia, her associations dating back some thirty years or so. A hydraulic wiuch taking out stone ballast from tne Albatross attracted a good deal of attention^ not that it was obtrusive, because it worked with singular quietnesB, but on account of its peculiar form and evident useful ness. One man managed it with a very simple lever, shutting off or letting on the water aB needed; and the machine, which was equal to 15 cwt,went as smoothly and silently as the ghost of a steam-crane. It was movable, and the water-power, we were told, was supplied from, a strange looking edifice ashore(like a caricature of the Lion Brewery. The idea commended itself at once to the practical members of the party; and the man who engineered this water winch, in his pride at seeing it attract so much inotice, volunteered tee information that it worked very rapidly as well as easily. But considering the expense gone to in obtaining the motive power it was suggestive of the mountain In labour. The winch itself was right enongb, but when one contrasts its small size and capacity with the big tower and machinery for supplying the water power, there was something incongruous about the concern. The Board very soon had the question of the disposal of the stone ballast before them again. They had evidently very much beard of it before, but it was brought under their notice in a terse Sraotical war By Mr. W. Phillips {the layor of Wallaroo), who, with Council lors E, C. Bird, S. Cropley, J. Malcolm, and Mr. J. Thompson (the Town Clerk), and Councillor J. Styles, of Eadina, waited upon them as a deputation. The President and his party were shown a stretch of the heach, beginning at the shore end of the jetty and extending some distance; and it was ex plained to them that this was in part private property, but that the owner would not object to the stone ballast being shot there. The question of how to utilize, or rather get rid, of the stone ballast brought by vessels calling for wheat at Wallaroo bay has been one upon which some difference of opinion has existed, and the Board have long had it under their consideration. The Harbour master at Wallaroo had suggested that a breakwater running out to Point Hughes should be formed of this waste stone, as thiB would protect the vessels from the north west gales, and the Board raised no objection to the formation of the breakwater, hut they postponed any final decision on the matter until the annual visit, when ther could hear the opinions of practical local' men. The Ma yob of Wallaroo having pointed out .the situation, said some vessels Drought as much as 600 tons of this bluestone ballast, some brought 400 tone, others 200, and in fact a great quantity was landed, and the conse quence was that a difficulty had arisen as to the disposal of this ballast—it could not all be utilized for buUdins purposes, and there was now little demand for it, but the main point was.how to dispose of it.so as to delay the vessels as little as possible. Some of it had been discharged on the smelting works pro perty, but that was inconvenient to the snip masters owing to the delay. The Corpora tion considered the matter very carefully, and came to the conclusion that the place indicated—the stretch of beach on the north west side of the pier—would suit very well. There was room for thousands of tons just above high-water mark. At some future day the land bo reclaimed might be made valuable, and the stone breakwater help to make the finest harbour in the colony. If they could only settle the question of the disposal of the ballast so as to prevent the present incon venience and delay to the snips it would make Fort Wallaroo more popular to masters. Mr. Malcolm said he nad been engaged some years in the place and had seen the difficulty of disposing of the ballast. The cost of depositing the stone on the site suggested would be comparatively trifling; a railway siding for the trucks would have to be made, and he hoped the Board would use their influence to get that done. There had been much delay caused by the necessity of carrying the stuff so far away, some tnree miles out of the town, and it would cost a penny halfpenny per ton less to put it where it was now proposed to deposit it. Captains of veasels had actually stated that they would not come in ballast to Wallaroo, even for 2s. 6d. per ton more, on account of the delay in getting rid of the stuff. They had to buy ballast in Melbourne and discharge it here with more delay and loss than they cared about. The scheme proposed would improve Government as well as private property. Mr. Styles, Mr. Cbopley, and others endorsed the views expressed, and it was mentioned that vessels coming to Wallaroo in .ballast had to discharge half the stuff six mileB out, then return to the jetty, load up so far with wheat, and then discharge the rest of the ballast for the balance of their wheat cargo, whereas, if they could turn out the ballast on to trucks at the jetty there would be far less trouble and delay. The worst part of it was that it sometimes hap pened that when a vessel went out to get rid of her ballast she found her berth filled up, and had to wait, which was a moBt serious matter. In respect to sand ballast there were not many vessels that came with that, most of them were from Melbourne and Sydney with the bluestone. The Mayob asked the President if it was wise to throw the ballast ont at sea, and be said certainly not if it could be put on shore. ' In answer to the deputation, Captain Ferguson said he ap proved of the plan of putting the ballast ou the stretch of beach above high-water mark as indicated, and one difficulty seemed to have been removed by the owner of the private property not objecting. He thought, however, that it wonld be unwise to discharge it from trucks from the jetty, as the trucks Btauding there would interfere with the passage of the wheat loads. A line along the bank would do better. There was room on the site for hundreds of thousands of tons of the ballast, and he saw no reason why it &hould; not be put there, especially sb it would improve the place. If there was any light stuff likely to j wash away it could easily be removed or faced up, and the sand ballast might be put behind property bounds. It would be a great convenience to shipmasters, and an incentive for them to come to Wallaroo, he had no doubt, if the plan proposed were properly carried out. Every facility should be given to enable vessels to discharge their ballast, take in cargo, and get away with the least possible delay. Speaking for himself and nis col leagues, he could say that the Board would do all in their power to meet the wishes ol t e deputation, THE BOAT HABBOUB. Another of the standing wants of Wallaroo Bay is that of a safe boat harbour, as (a number of the people obtain their living by fishing, and a place into which the boats can run in rough weather would no doubt be re garded as a boon. The Board have been ap proached before in regard to this matter, and enough ink to float a fisherman's boat has been spilt on the subject according to the testimony of one individual slightly given to metaphor. There is a boat harbour it appears, for the Board were taken down to see it, and had heard of it time and again. It has an embankment of slag running some distance out north-west, and the depth of water in some places within this miniature bay is sax feet. There are about twenty boats to be ac commodated. Some of the same deputai tion pointed out the requirements, and urged that a breakwater 800 feet. long run out to join the present bank, but having a 100-feet opening, should .be made; the smelting works proprietors having ooni sented to supply the slag for nothing if the Board wonld sanction the undertaking. Thq Board had no objection, but it appeared that the deputation also wanted them to deepen the harbour, which would be rather an ex pensive process. One gentleman suggested that a narrow channel might be dredged in the boat harbour, but it was pointed out that this would speedily fill up again. The Board consented to the other arm of the breakwater being run out as suggested, subject to their own plan, which would be drawn and forwarded. As to.the deepening, they decided to wait and see what effect the breakwater would have. The deputation appeared satisfied with this, and thanked the Board, who then returned to the Hub grave and proceeded to Point Lowly. port pmiE. Port Pirie, whose rapid growth and rising importance have excited tne admiration of those interested in it and the jealousy of rival roadsteads, was reached early on Satur day morning, the Mus grave having called at Point Lowly, where there is A lighthouse with a tower fifty-seven feet high, and this was duly inspected, bnt afforded no special material for description. The Port Pirie people have been somewhat sarcastically Btyled " retiring" in their habits, and all the blow is credited to Boreas. They showed their modesty by boarding the Mus- j grave before breakfast, and wanted to intro duce a deputation almost as soon as the Mus grave secured herself alongside the wharf. This, with all due deference to those who think otherwise, was characteristic energy. There seems to be very little fear of Port Pirie failing for want of confidence or enterprise. The harbour was full of fine vessels, and although we were told that things were dull there was not unpleasant evidence of it. The cheapness of drapery goods in Port Pirie was exemplified by the purchase of a pair of troosers by a member of the party for naif a crown, and feeling that at that price he could afford to be extravagant, he invested in another two and sixpenny pair of bifurcations for knockabout duty during .the cruise. Bad he let his fellow voyagers know there might have been a run upon that draper. At 9 o clock a large and representative deputation waited upon the Board in the large room of Magor's Hotel, to bring under their notice several matters of vitai impor tance, and the speakers set an example to verbose city deputations by approaching the subject in a direct practical fashion, setting forth their facts in as few words as pos sible. Mr. S. D. Glyde introduced the first representative body of leading residents, shipmasters and owners, and the Mayor of Fort Pirie (Mr. F. Gray) opened the ball by welcoming Captain Ferguson back after his trip to England. The first question he brought forward was that very vexed one of the defi nition of the waters of Fort Germein, about which so much has been said, written, and thought. He mentioned that when the Treasurer visited Fort Germein recently he intimated that the proper definition of the waters would be to include the whole of the anchorage as well as Cockle Spit.' That would have the effect of shutting out Port Pirie, and it would be unfair that the waters should be so dealt with. The waters of Germein Bay had been always regarded as forming portion of Port Pirie. The people of the latter port only demanded what was fair and just, and wished for Port Germein to have all that was her due. In the way it was proposed to mark the chart most of the Port Pirie ships would be credited'to Port! Germein, if the idea of the Treasurer were adopted, and the thing would be a serious in convenience to shipmasters, agents, and owners. Any vessel arriving, in these waters; from an intercolonial port would have to report herself at Port Germein, and on being taken by the tug to Port Pirie she would have to report herself again there; in coming away she would have to adopt the same pro cedure, and the consequence would jbe a serious loss of time inconvenient to the shipmaster, agent, and all concerned. (Hear, hear.) That was one of the strong argu ments against the suggestion of the Trea surer. Port Germein people said they did not get the credit of the cereals shipped at their port, but if that were so it could be easily 'remedied. When a ship cleared away with part of a load of wheat from Port Pirie and went to fill up at Port Germein the-' two shipments could be credited separately— it was merely a matter of bookkeeping. The Customs officers could be so instructed and complete the export returns so as to give each port its due. (Hear, hear.) There would then not he any necessity to define the waters of GermeinBay. There was another matter of importance, and that was the dredging. He trusted the Board would see fit to dredge and widen the harbour so as to allow large vessels to swing at comparatively low water. The deputation trustea that when the dredger had done her work outside the harbour she would be brought into it for the purpose indicated. Then the Corporation bad not enough silt to fill their footpaths, and they wished the Board to give instructions to . their Super* intendent of IDeepening Operations (Mr. Mathieson) to supply one pontoon of silt per day. That could easily be done, as the Board's tugboat Maggie could bring the pon toon when she came up the river in her usual course. (Hear, hear.) Mr. W. Woods, in reference to the ques tion of the definition of the waters of Fort Germein, Baid Port Pirie only wanted a fair share. Port Germein really only needed a certain portion round the jetty/ and the shipping could lie out with the Port Pirie shipping._ Port Pirie got the lion's share of the shipping, and it was like the dog in the manger tor Port Germein people to act in the way they did. He referred to the fact that Port Pirie was in existence before Port Ger mein was thought of, and closed by support ing the Mayor's views. Other speakers followed, and it was represented to the Board that more wharfage accommodation was required at Port Pirie, and the deputa tion asked the Board to carry Out their agreement previously made with the Cor poration as to the construction of David street Wharf. They reminded the Board that some two or three veara ago thev had consented to make the David-street end of the wharf. In consequence of the limited accommodation vessels had to lie ontside a considerable time before they conld: get a berth. The Bheetpiling of the wharf at the north end of the town had been partially accomplished, but finishing and deepening had to be done. The reserve should also be extended. Vessels of large draught ought to be always afloat, and tbatoonld not be the case nnless what was required in deepening was done. If the Board deepened the owners of private wharfs would obtain the assistance of the dredger to deepen in front of their property. It was a pity-the Government did not bny all the water frontages, because as the years went on the value would in crease, and the cost of purchase be very great. Councillor Pbabce introduced the question of widening the inner harbonr of Port'Pirie, pointing out the danger to vessels coming up at - night, the narrowness of the channel making the neceBsary mancenvrins a rather awkward thing. He thought1 the centre beacon should be removed eastward until it came in a line between the top and . bottom beacons, and then by deepening along that line a direct channel wonld be made to the leading lights. It oftentimes required smart seamanship to bring a vessel up at night under present conditions. The silt raised in the deepening could be deposited where the mangroves were, not more than 100 feet away, so that there would not be' much difficulty or delay abont the -matter. The Marine Board need not take' the dredger away from the outer harbonr, bnt conld use a PrieBtman's crane at .first, and that wonld prepare the way: for the dredges. The oIssb of ships loading at Port Pirie at the present time showed the neces sity of the improvements asked for. When the Karaweera came up a short time ago ehe carried away the jibboom of the Sea Toller in consequence of the narrowness of the channel. The President said the Board took as much interest in Tort Pirie as they did in Port Adelaide or any other port calculated to be of service to the country. With re ference to the definition of Port Germein, that was a question not before the Board yet. It was a matter between the Govern ment and the Customs, although they usually left the Marine Board to decide theBe matters. When it came before the Board it was certain that no injustice would be done to Port Pirie or any other part. As to widening the harbour, that was a very important question, and one affecting the welfare of Port Pirie, but it could not be undertaken until the deepen ing was finished at the outer harbour. Be 'did not think the deputation could ex pect more than that (Mo.) The matter would receive the first attention after the deepening had been done. N ow he uaw ships of 1,600 and 1,700 tons lying at Port Pirie wharfs he recognised the justice of the demand made, and the necessity for it. As to the pontoons of silt he saw no reason why that reauest should not be granted, and the silt brought up when the Maggie came up into harbour ever; day, but there was the question of towage, which cost money. He would go so far as to say that if the Maggie was not doing anything she could bring the pontoons up if tne Corporation discharged the silt. It could notbe expected that the tow aeeshould come out of the Deepening Fund. As to the wharfage something must be done in so urgent a matter,. and in fact the Marine Board impressed upon the Government the necessity of finishing the wharf at the north end during his absence. He was surprised, indeed, that action was not taken. How ever, the Board would do what they could in the business. As to the Government Beserve at the south end of the town, he would rather not express any opinion upon the subject at present, as he was not in a position to say anything about it. Mr. Muecke expressed the opinion that the requests were reasonable. In respect to the upper reserve no action had been taken, because the Board had no funds available, but they urged upon the Government to finish and lease the wharf, and it should be done at once. The Board would seek to get an answer from the Government as to what they would do. Mr. S. D. Glyde said the improvements were necessary to increase the shipping facilities of the place, He trusted that the people of Port Pirie would be careful of the money for deepening purposes, and see that it was not frittered away on the wharfs. Eight or nine thousand pounds had been spent on the Queen's Wharf at Port Pirie, and then it was let for £750 a year, and the money went to the Crown lands Depart ment, The consequence was that the Deepening Fund had been mulct to the amount of £7,000 or £10,000. At Port Ade laide the money taken ont of the Deepening Fund for the Coalahed Wharf had been re funded. The Port Pirie people should see that the money expended upon the Queen's Wharf was refunded to the Deepening Fund. Mr. J. Neili, said the Board made three propositions with reference to the North Wharf. The firat was that it should be let in its present state; the second was that the Government Bhonld finish it entirely, make it a proper wharf, and let it for a term; the third was to let it in its present state for a term of years, the lessee to make improve meats himself. Any one of those three proposals ; would have done, but the Govern ment had been slack in taking np any ot them. As to defining Fort Germein, he conld say very plainly that if the demands of the Port Germein people were acceded to it would cause great inconvenience, loss, and delay to shipmasters, owners, and agents. The Board would see that the legitimate interests of the masters, owners, ana agents were not interfered with, and they would at the same time be careful that no injustice was done. | A number of shipmasters and others pre sented the following memorial to the Pre sident:—"We the undersigned masters of vessels in Port Pirie do humbly request your honourable Board to take into con sideration the following suggestions which we consider would be advantageous to the safe navigation of Spencer's Gulf1. A light on Shoalwater Point. 2. A bell-buoy or beacon on Middle Bank. 3. Point Lowly light heightened thirty or forty feet. 4. Bed arc from Lowly Light clearing the Western ShoaL S. A buoy on extreme eastern edge of Western ShoaL 6. A system of pilot age (whether compulsory or not) by which proper pilots might be known. The memorial also intimated that several of the masters of vessels which bad lately left port concurred. The memorial was signed by the masters of the following vessels in Port PirieLoch Ness, 1,190 tonB; Brilliant, 1,613; Lake Superior, 1,274; Sarah Bell, 812; Hertford shire, 855; Gurli, 721; Virgo, 730 ; Frigga, 924; Loch Shiel, 1,218; Berwickshire, 901; Ethelberht, 768. After having considered the matter the Board gave the following replies : — 1. It would be better to have a light on Blank's Point than on Shoalwater Point. The former bad already been recommended by the Board, but had been deferred by the Government on the ground that there were no funds avail able. 8. The Board could hold out no hopes of this request being agreed to. 4. Granted; proper notice, of course, first to be given. 5\. Granted. 6. The shipmasters might easily know proper pilots by calling for their cer tificates. if they took unqualified pilots it was at their own risk. FOBI GERMEIN. On leaving Port Pirie—which has been so often described that there is no necessity for saying much about it now—the Musgrave shaped a course for Port Germein, where a jetty 553 feet long stretches out over a dreary sand flat which the receding tide leaveB un covered almost to the pier-end. The sea was pretty rough, and the passage by the boat to the pier was not without its discomforts, especially as one sea was shipped over the quarter and a member of the Board nearly had his leg broken by the blade oi an oar iust shipped catching in a timber and coming pack with all the force the way of the boat gave it. An engine and truck, which looked as if it had known better days, conveyed ;the members of the party along the jetty to the shore, where they were met by the local officials and some minor matters brought under their notice. Business seemed pretty briBk at Port Germein, judging from the quantity of wheat stacked ready for ship ment and the bullock teams coming in, but Port Germein does not strike one as a place where wild excitement could be found for a weary Bpirit. Even the bullocks, usually so indifferent to anything passing around them, looked up in surprise at seeing so large |a procession. The Musgrave steered next lor BACKY BAY. This place might be described as a treeless, birdlesB, Ashless region, but that would not be strictly correct, because some snapper about two inches long were caught on the , morning the Musgrave lay there, and a couple of seagulls surprised by the circumstance came to feast their curiosity. A pair of enormous spider crabs with most formidable claws were secured and saved for the Port Museum, and two magnificent specimens of razor-fish came up unexpectedly in the crab net. The Musgrave had a somewhat rough passage across from Port Germein on Satur day afternoon, but Backy Bay afforded shelter. She lay at anchor opposite a most singular hill coming down to the shore and curiously embraced by two spurs of a low range of scrubby hills. The shore was paved with great flat stones, for the most part laid as evenly and regularly as cobble-stones on a stable flocr. Wallaby and rabbits were shot on the saltbush-studded hills and gullies. Awav across the blue tumbling waters lay the Flinders Range, with the Devil's Peak in the distance, just a few lovely shades darker in hue than the sky. They formed a fine contrast of colour to the bare but fan tastically formed hills lying off the Mus grave's starboard quarter. Altogether the scene at Backy Bay was not without its strong claim to the picturesque. Backy Bay iB Baid to have been named after a favourite dog of Commander Hutchinson, but it has a strong savour of nicotine about it. 