ECHOES (OF MELBOURNE. (Br Ton GuosT.) Honourable members of the Legislature -or rather of the Assembly--can hardly be congratulated on their behaviour during the week. The Licensing Bill has caused them to run riot, and shows how " license" may at home be abused. Mr. Bent and Mr. Coppin were the worst of the offenders, and at times their remarks were of such a nature as to preclude them from being re ported, and to cause Mr. Peter Lalor, the Speaker-according to his own account-to " blush with shame," and more than once to threaten to clear the galleries. Of course the utterances of the offenders are very much toned down in the reports of the speeches in the morning dailies, but still there is quite enough coarseness in the in nuendoes bandied about between Mr. Bent, Mr. Coppin, and the Ministry to show at a glance that Tuesday's proceedings were q disgrace to Parliamentary institutions, and cause other people besides the Speaker of the Assembly to " blush with shame." It is, however, now quite plain that the story of the old man and his ass is to receive yet one more illustration. The new licensing measure designed to please both the publi cans and the teetotalers pleases neither party. It will require to be very smuch modified before it, if ever it does, be comes law. Of the two parties the licensed victuallers are far the more reasonable. They are prepared to accept the main pro visions of the bill, and only are desirous of seeing some of the most unjust and drastic clauses expunged, while the other side will hear of nothing in the shape of a com promise. Aut case aut nullus is their motto, and they go in for abolishing pub licans, brewers, wine and spirit merchants, hotels, and barmaids at end fell swoop, denying all compensation to the persons injured by their excessive virtue. Their zeal in pushing their pet crotchets is likely to meet the fate of " vaulting ambi tion which o'er-leaps itself and falls on the other side," and may cause the with drawal of the bill, after a serious waste of time lost in debating it, and the postpone ment of the much-needed reforms in the present licensing laws to the Greek lialends. There is a deal of "wirelpulling," or rather what the late Mr. John Thomas Smith, "seven times Mayor of Melbourne," was wont to term " tiddliwinking." going on in regard to the appointment of a fifth Judge of the Supreme Court. The appointment is rendered necessary owing to the perti nacity with which Sir Williams Stawell sticks to the Chief Justiceship, notwith stanmding his inability through illness to perform the duties devolving upon him. 'rihe Law Institute has booeen interviewing the Attorney.,eneral, and urging the honourable gentleman to appoint a judge, and not to select him from among the occupants of the County Court Bench, and "put up" questions are continually being askes in Parliament, in regard to the stoppage of business in the legal courts. Mr. Kerferd shows a becoming coyness, but there are signs that the hosourable gentleman is fast giving way, and that like Lord Byron's Julia in Don Juan, while "swearing he will ne'er consent," will ere long be prevailed upon to don the ermine, and!why not P? Cromwell was in his'carly days a brewer, yet became Lord Protector of England, and there can therefore be no greatobjection to the'member for Beechworth, who in his salad days also dealt in malt liquors, becoming a judge. Are we not in Victoria, above all things, a democratic community ? Victoria is at the present time tasting the delights of being a "military power" in the shape of a mutiny nt her militia. The young gentle men who came forward when war was imminent between the mother country and Russia to servo their Queen and protect their hearths and homes object to do "fatigue duty." They do not care being the " observed of all observers " at such a fashionable watering place as Queenscliff, and being seen by the cooks and nurse maids of that fashionable locality; engaged in the prosaic occupation of dragging up guns from the railway station to the batteries ; hence their refusal to obey the lawful commands of their olficers, and their arraignment before a duly constituted court martial. The period of incarcera tion to which they have been sentenced will enable them to reflect on the past and realise the truth of the saying that in this world if "all is vanity," the penalty of being vain. That "fishy" business, the Fish Creek selection episode, is not, despite the "happy despatch" consummated by the principal actor in the little affair, Mr. Richard Richardson, ex-Minister of Lands, who resigns his Executive Councillorship and the magistracy, to be allowed to sink into oblivion. Mr. M'Intyre, who has a great talent for making himself disagreeable to his political opponents, has given notice of a motion which will again bring the sub ject before the public. Better far would it be to follow the old advice of "letting sleeping dogs lie." There is nothing to be gained by raking over Parliamentary scandals, which, like other foul matter, become the more offensive the more they are stirred up. Two shillings per mile appears rather a small sum to ask the Government to pay for being told exactly where to find under ground streams in the arid northern plains of Victoria, yet the Government positively refuse to give this sum for the information which a Mr. Morish avers himself ready to impart, for the method proposed is to use the "divining rod." If there are fewer superstitions in the present nineteenth century, and fewer impostors, there are certainly fewer fools. This epoch is nothing if not practical, and the " boring rod" has therefore superseded the divining rod, the means proposed by Mr. Morish. By the way, isn't the name suggestive of the countrymen of the Moses who caused water to gush from the dry rock? The wonder is that with such certain means at his disposal of preventing the evils inci dental to drought, the " diviner" does not betake himself to some of the dryer regions of Queensland and offer his services to the water-famished pastoral tenants. A certain fortune should await him without causing him much travelling "in dry places seek ing whom he may devour.,' And apropos of drought, it would really be a blessing were we poor Melbournites treated to a little more sunshine than we have been of late enjoying. Truly it may be said that during the last two months "The rain it raineth every day." The streets of "the queen city of the south" are covered with inches of liquid mud, which hardly has time to reach the sticky stage before it is again liquified. As a consequence, every second person one meets is suffering from some form of catarrhal or bronchial affection, and the death rate in the city and suburbs is abnormally largeo. The Licensing Bill is fast entering the region of " burning questions." Meetings are being held, not only in Melbourne and the adjacent municipalities, but through out the length and breadth of the country. Opinion, if it can be rightly gauged by the result of these gatherings, seems to be pretty well divided on the merits of the measure, for at six of them resolutions were carried approving of the bill, while at another six the measure was denounced in the strongest terms. The fight over it will be severe and long. July 30. 