NEWS AND NOTES. .Mr:. :Tiffs.: the Borough Survey.or. visite.1 dluring: the week anri laid out thle Point Lonsldale road; -1lls most useful work will'be finishe I just in tiime for the •busy part of the season, anul visito s will have the. phl'asure of being' coiivneed to the point over a smnooth road swiftly and pleasantly andl without thedelays insep naialble fro'i the f'oruner state of thlings. Let uR..also pity-.the poor animals.wuih will escape the floggings they formerly endured in g:.ttin, over the groulid. Now that the road is beinig formed it is probable that pi.operty owners will Iuild at the Point,' and thus forni a suburhaii township which will be a .benefit to them selves' and a virtual extension, of the Borough. Mr Tuffs- also repoited on impro.vements to King anti Raglan strestxs ,He has ahlo sunliitte.d a prEdininary re port respeeting hot salt -watrM b this andl will also furnish specifications for erect ion of sanie. Great anxiety is felt as to the state of the Baths. .-There ':'can" he little :douht thit sanndoanl' tlheiinmaterial h?ia. siitedl up from .stulfftliirown. over t. e cliff from. the Battery works. The. Council have done all that was :possible to remedy the evil but hitherto with but partial success. A claim has been imade upon the Defence Departmnent for assistance to enable the Council to clear or extend the bathing paddock, but nmuh will depend upon the report of the olfficer of Public Works who lately examined the locality. We read of sermons in stones; we listen to' the murmun of the babhhling brook;, we drink in the sunshine and inhale thel delicious fragrance .of the ozone air; we allow ourselves to be come the victims of mnany pleasant delu sions and harmless delights; but do we ever pause to realise the architectural beauty of the Qneenscliff Public Library? No. never-well, hardly ever The city was clothed in gay attire on satnrday morning on account of the Railway Employees picnic; nearly 7000 excursionists were here. The rain fell heavily at intervals during the day, and as, the hour for .departure drew .near a regulari downpour, set in. :The incle mency of the weather spoilt the day's en joyment. - Considering the number, the picnic was a very orderly one.. Mr Kruger, the well-known landseape photographer, and whose views of Queenseliff have done so much in adver tising its scenery, succeeded on Wednes day in obtaining a good photograph of the Garrison Artillery on parade, There was a full muster, including Colonels Ditney and Walker, and Major Rhodes. The photograph, wheni mounted, will be on sale in the local shopls.at ls Gd cabinet size.- . . . . . :.. - :... . . ..":Lady Loeihas purchased a naliner of Mr Krnwar s views of Qnuescliff.? Mr J. G. Reeves; the well.kniowi cor dial mhanufactnurer, of Clifton. Springs,: Dry sd Ile, beds to inform the liotelkeepe'rs of Queenscliff that he ihas kein those extensive premuises at the corner of Caven. dish and Smiythe streets, Geelong, where' he, intends? commencing .usiness as .arnted water nanunfacturer, in colinection withl the Clifton Sp inugs. Dryslale, and by turiniing ut ai first-class article trusts to give satisfaction to customers. . Forty estahlislnnerits are u sing the gas on the Cliff. The average consunimp tion i 115.0001) feet per mnmth. As showing the cheapness of gas, tilem cost'of lighting St. George'dchurcih aver ages lls per month. If St. Andrews was fitted with'gas snmlights, the aver 'age cost of gas would be about 8s per month, There is no chemist's~s?op at Drys dale; no hairdresser; no pinter The Saturday midllay ?train will not run between Geelorig this month The Queenscliff. Qiadlille :Assenmbly will hold their usun;l meetig in the Foresters Hall on Tlinrs'lay night. Dancing to conncnce at 8.~30 Theprice of .ras n' Sndlhinist is the same as here, 12s 6d per 1000 A young man named ,James Pirmdon was .taken to the Gelong hospital on Tuesday evening fh'rou, Dysdale in a fit. The resident surgeon a.t once applied remedies, and in short time the man was sufficiently well to return home with his friends. Mr Brown: "Miss Gray, allow me to present my friend, MI. L'Ols,,su. of the ,Canary-Islands." Mi f,. Gray:; - Flow de lightful ! YoH sing, of course?" "Man is born to rulethe world," says a philosopher. Yes, but sometimes he Ibecomes a school-teacher, and then he whirls the rule.' The skatingrinksshouid make a deal of money.:. The patrons come down lhandsomnely every night The mortality from cholera in Spain has become appalling, and is niow at the rate of two thousand per day. Onel per son succumbs out of every three attaceked The epidemic is daily intcrising: at Marseiles, :where the Phario Ilospital, set apart for cholers patients in last year's visitation, has been re-opened this week. I sat one evening waitching A little golden head . That was nodding o'er a picture book, And piretty soon I said, "Come darling, you are sleepy, Don't you want to go to bed ? No, she said, I isn't sleepy,'. But I can't hold up my head. Just; now it feels so heavy, There isn't any use; Do let me lay it down to rest On dear old mother goose? I shan't shut up my eyes at all, And so you need not fear; I'1 keep themopen- all the while To see this picture hei-e." It is probable that a reduction in'the pride of cable messages between Victoria and New. Zealand will shortly take place. The meatman's bill is often tendered before +h p a tp*:1r +An + 1'th A muscular1 young man, named Alfred Stone, 20 years of age was brought be ,fore our local justice, Mr C. C. Simpson, J.P., on Monday last, charged with that elastic offence ot insulting behaviour, and secondly with resistng Coustable Breen. in the execution- of his duty. The offender "pleaded guilty to both eharres, ad' the i.r secuting 'consta!le iave e ,vilence that between 5 and 6 p.m. on Satiurday last, as the exciursioiiists' werere ,oiatregattig on the rIilwa.v stat inii his attentioni was called to the prlis otner in tihe railway reserve, who was fighting with another larra.kiik in a int al form; he ilnieditately sliarated them,l and disiersed a crowdl who were lookitin on. The prisoner continueud disorderly. and four. of: his . mates could not .cohtridil him. Constable Bireen theln ar'ested hili), with the kind a?listleice of guuners Duntne, Burke,: Ma;tini, and Mr Tobias; with Charles Cleveland, all of whom came both well and willingly to his aid. The offeniler continiiuel to resist till the way to the lock-up, by kicking pluging, swearing etc, and hod to he carried hod ,ily. His worship expressed his grati tale at the hearty ani manly response of thle members of the Victorian Artillery: to a inichli needed call of duity?'lnd aidl that great credit was duale to them, and also to the two civilians ivho volunteered their hervices. Seniior Coinstable Rogers added that- he had to remove prisoner: from thiibport~-i.ro'lnd, as lhi was very. disorderly arindldruk, and he hoped Mr Sinmpson would iuliake it a caution to the class of man before hint, andtllet hiin see he cannot doi as he likes when he comes to Queenseliff. Owing to prisoner hav ing bea'n locked up so long, and as lie was very druink at the time. and now showed regret, the miagistrate dealt len iiently, with hliim anidlfined him 10s. on the first charge aiid 20s. on the second, with thle alternative of 14 days imprison mient. The channelling in front of the Royal Hotel is noivfinishled, iiel reflects credit ably on the men employed in its format= ion. The chaniuellling hlds been conti nnued half way across the street to meet the blue metal.-' •The rockeries near the Bowling green set' the locality off very much., Conway and Evans will be down here next week to carry on some asphalting work for local people. The tender of Mr: G. Curlewis of Marcus Hill, for supplying the local Government departments with firewood, &c.;, has been accepted. Mr Porter, the fireman, who met with the severe accident on the train :nearl Geelong, is in a fair way of recovery. The permanent officers of the Defence Force have been at Queenscliff duriing the week inspecting the works and exer cising the-men. -Aspecial drillwa? iihldl on Thursday evening to test the men in loading and firing at night. Colonels Disney and Walker and Major Rhodes were present. A:bettter feeling appears to prevail now in the force than was for m^.rly 'ths case, and lth min work with greater esprit. ?., . A runaway accident occurred in Hesse..tleet on TIhurhday by a hlorse being frightened. The'animhil oltedaup Iv tlie Reading Room andl owt Kintu street, but wa captured hin Mercer street Ib Mr GO ne and restordcl to its owner. WI e are informed that Messrs Admans and Stonemnian were to leave Eianrdanil Sabourtthe 15th Septcanber, and man y tlere fore he expectedl towards the, end c, of October. Aggreatmenti frieids will be gladl ti welcomne tlhM ha clkdhil.se&tlium;'1 resume their old position in the Borough Council. A: good advertisement was shown by SimnlPkin and Cooper ona the lday of tihe picnic They hadl a streamer 24 feet long flying from a lofty, flag pole, with thle wonr Refreslhments i Wnrke,1 on it in white letters in a blue gron,?. Some person or pcrsonis thouhtlessly Shiftedl the points on the Swan Island rails one day this wek; withli tle conse quence that an iccialent occurred. A truc!k with men on it n.apsize, and one of the tlImeni was injured. 'Owming to the hecedless folly of; a few, for we cannot believe that anyone would dlo such things with malicious intent, uthe genei-l public may be debarred fromn going in'the island without special per mib. . - . To-day a number ofmiliiba willarrive from G elong atnd Diryahle for .drill They will be joined:i byOturOwn , News of local interest has been very scarce this.week. SEvery young workman shonuld malke it hii aimn.to rise above miediocritv andil tn _tlm:'oughly-master everiy-ldttail--i- con nection wtth the calling he has chosen. Rather than seek occarioiis to shirk work' or to pick out work of an easj chairhcier suited to; his fancy; he ashould improve his gol,!en opportunities of gaining in fornmation. Such advantages may never again occur. ·' His manner should, be obtrusive rat her than brickward, ahd Ie sh!ould imn -itate the habits of staid and worthly work men. Disappointment may, at times, ie the only reward received, but persistent eff ort to overcome, difficulties willgain the -victory. : Every victory thus gained by him is a •step forward, and the knowledge thus sRecured acts as capital in securing fur tler triumphs. ; ;The feeling of confidence that fills the young man's breast, who?hqas conscieht iously devoted his beat efforts to become proficient in his trade, is bountiful.repay ment for thei tedious hours of toil spent in its acquiremeut. -' Suchca young man can, give:value for the.-wages he receives. Hie feels that he is an independent man, and he knows that hican always find employment in any. city or town where his vocation is in vogue. There is room for him in the workshop, foundry, and the printing office, and the unskilled laborer must go-must pay the-penalty of his injudicious and un wise neglect of opportunities in his youth ful days. The secretary of the Bowling Green ecknowledges witth thanks, receipt of a guinea from Mr J. R. Smith and 1 Os from a lady. There are a number of people on the Cliff who believe in ghosts, and it ih said that certain houses are haunted Oqr jivenile r'eporter came home the other ii.,lit shakiin i every linmb on account of thel :hoIt; strories that he hadl heard froni some plicoilo whoamiuse themselves by adiministeriniir ghostly consolation ,to, yoounsters on nights that are dark. lTlhose-who do-not believe' i ghosts- aire iiivited to comne to this office any; niarht ,tt twelve o'clock, the hour when cnurcli yards yawn, alnl if they ascend the third storey ad,,.looklout of the wisileow they will see on theadjeeii anlltitit a beaiu?i-. fnl asnimler house with trellis work win- .: do\w. At the witciing hour named thiiey will then behold A number of ghostesses, Sthnding on postesses. S Eating bread and tostesses. These ghosts are, of course, tdressed in white, and always standing, because they have notling to sit down: on. Such is the punishlment for ghosts-a standing' punishmeint. The reason given for their thus r.visiting the earth aln watching the pale glimpses of lthe'moon is, that they died niliappy. .Alas, poor gho.ts ! \- An owiner was found forthe purse don taiiiing £3 that was left at Mr Jamie son's refreshment rooms on" Saturday last. It appears that Mrs Farrol, who belonged to the Railway picnic, after paying for some lnhch, mislaid her purse' and forgot all about it when leaving.-` Senior constable RoEers' circulatidi brou.ghtthe~owler to light. A nice young man who tried to steal a kiss from a young lady got his nose so covered with -red paint tha.t his pastor Suhsequently stoped himi' in the street and discoursed to him for ten minutes on the evils of strong drink. She had quarrelled with her old bald headled lover, and, in dismissinghim, said: " What is delightful about you, my friend is, that I have not the trouble of send ing you hack any locks of your hair." His reply was "' Had yon given me a lock of- your owi, youb wo'uld not'have known whose hair you were sending." Mrs- Langtry according to London' messages in the San Franscisco papers, still contemplates visiting Australia, and mentionisthe next autumn as the probable time when she will do so. It is mentioned also that her last season at the Princess' Theatre, London, had been disastrous, and had occasioned a loss of about Z£6000 The charming city of Nimes has surpassed- her .disagatiefnl year 1838, with a more atrocious bull fight than ever took place at Madrid. It only' differed from that of Spain's by not having a religious overture; but then the third Republic is secular. No less thansix bulls and a dozen horses were stabbed and disembowelled, to make a French holi-lay--to amuse 30,000 spec tators, all inT full-dress costume. and o.n a Suniday. When 'the great genert ' that Americn has j] t: magiiificently in. ; terred, and for whose loss annd.suffrincs. th,. worl - mourns wis in spain, he re fuse.l to go and see albull:figlht; he loveld too much the noble animnl, the horse, to take any pleasure in witneising it being ripped open. The French press talkes the barbarity s as matter of course. The Government cannot be too strongly ellhlemmed. for sanctioning such an out rage on manners. It is to be hoped, tfiha'illustration of cirilisation will not be introduced to Annam, or tlhe Congo. The Orienitals beat us in kindness to ani mals. I The ancient Egyptians nursel sick rats and mice, and their successors have to day "casual wards" for wander :ing cats at Cairo. Fez had " healther ies " . for storks and cranes, and India ihs 'hospitals for many specimens of natural hllistory, when hard up. Saved money, however little, wilr serve to dry uip many a tear-will ward off many sorrows and-heart-burning--which otherwise might, prey :upon us. Poss-: eased of:a little store of capital, a man wallks with a lighter step- his heart beats more cheerily.; f"Every man's firstf duty i. to elevate himself." The first of these servants her calling dis* The seconid it's certain don't now what her placei; . ; . And if you get either by ;hook orby eroql, ::;' You'll quickly 'get sick of that -terrible . cook . - .,. - . . . . ; : ., ." ,And theiigo in for,.; , -:*i; THE' 'GRxATvEST BLESSING,--A simple: pnre,:harmless remedy that cures eyery time and prevents d;sease by keeingthe blood,. pure, stomach regular, kidneys and liver act ive, is thej grcatest blessing-ever -conferred ipon man. Hop Bitters is that remedy, and 'the Amnrienn Co., the genuine manufactur era, are being blessed by thousands .who have been cured by It. Try it. See The outbreak of the cholera in Spain has: resulted, according to recent accounts, in the death of between 12.800 and 13,800 persons: within sixweeks. or nearly as many as died' in Italy and France together in the epidemic? of last year. "FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE." CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIX TUl?E is warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities from 'whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy.Skin and Blood Diseases sores and of all kinds, its effects are marvel lous. Thousands of testimonials. Sold in bottles, 2s,. 9d. and 11s each by Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Sole Proprietors, THE LINCOLN AND MIDLANDL ,'COUNTIES DRUG Co., Lincoln, England. I in my rough and easy clothes, With my face at the sunshine's mercy;. SShe, with her hat tipped down to her nose, And her nose tipped just like -TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL AND STEEL - PILLS FOR FEMALES quickly correct all ir.-' regularities, and relieve the distressing synmp toms:so prevalent with the sex. Boxes-- s 1.: and 2s 9d.,,of all Chemists, Prepared only by E. T. Towle, Chemist, Nottingham, Eng land;, .Wholesale of the Wholesale Houses. neware or imitations. The Esquimaux think their snow place like home. A door belle-The pretty maid servant. ONE Box OF LARKE'S B 41 PILLS is war ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either sex (acquired or constitu tional), Gravel, and Pains in the Back. Guar anteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medi cine Vendors; Sole Proprietors, THE LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG Co., Lincoln England. Wholesale of all the Wholsale houses, 