The Inn on Haverley Wold. By INA L. CASSILIS, Author of 'Society's Queen,' 'Strangely Wooed, Strangely Won,' &c.; Chatter I. — The Guest of the Chimes. A Yorkshire moor, a blinding fall of snow, and a dark night are not conditions any one would voluntarily select as con ducive to the enjoyment of the Christmas season ; yet, on a certain 23rd of Decem ber, a few years ago, all those conditions fell to the lot of a traveller who, mounted on a handsome chesnut horse, was pro ceeding slowly along an almost obliterated path. me naer was a man oi seven or eignt and twenty, tall, and sat' his horse like one brought up to the saddle ; a military cloak was flung around him, the collar drawn high as a protection against the cold wind that swept over the waste of enow, and his slouched hat was set low on his brow ; but a pair of very bright blue eyes strove to pierce the veil of snow in search of a light, and ever and anon kept watch on the path, which every moment grew less distinguishable. 'By Jove]' he muttered presently, brushing the snow from the fair moustache that shaded a handsome mouth, ' things are beginning to look queer. They told me I should pass a roadside finger-post, and I have not passed one yet, and that was to be my guide to the inn — 'The Chimes — which I should not be sorry to reach. I greatly prefer campaigning in India to this sort of thing.' Almost as the words left his lips, his quick eye caught sight of some object a little way ahead, that flashed for a moment through the snow and gloom, and disappeared again ; but the young officer — for such he seemed — urged his horse forward, and his heart rose up with renewed hope. Surely that object wa3 the finger-post. Another moment proved his conjecture to be correct. There, like a pale, thin ghost, stood the finger-post, stretehingjjut its battered arms to right and left. Lifting himself in the stirrups, the traveller read on the one arm, ' £o Todmore and Foxley ;' on the other, ' To Hildon and Bicklemere.' The latter was the road he had been told to take, aad he turned his horse into what had become little better than a track, but still, especially to military eyes, clear enough to be safe. In another half- hour the traveller be held a light glimmering through the dark ness, and presently, bending forwards, he could discern the outlines of a low, straggling building, which stood a little back from the road, and seemed to be completely isolated. But late as it was, eleven o'clock, there were evidently people astir, for as the traveller came in front of the building he saw a ruddy blaze of light in the parlor window, and heard a sound of gruff voices from within. A covered waggon, from which the horses had been taken out, standing near the roadside, afforded a clue to the welcome sounds, which at least promised a fire. The traveller rode up to the door, and springing to the ground rapped with his riding whip. Almost immediately the door was opened, and a tall, powerful Yorkshireman, with a lantern in his hand, presented himself. 'I suppose,' said the stranger, shaking the snow from his cloak, ' one can have a supper and a night's lodging here ?' ' Where else, sir ?' returned the burly landlord. ? Walk in, sir. Jos, see to the gentleman's horse.' A clumpish - looking lad made his appearance, but the traveller insisted on going round himself to the stable, and seeing that his 'Horse was well housed, and groomed and supplied with provender be fore he attended to himself. Mine host was waiting at the door when he returned. ' Fond of your horse, sir V said he smiling. 'I am a soldier, friend, and always take care of my horse first of all.' ' A soldier ! Ah, indeed, sir. Come in. Tour supper will soon be ready. Awful night, isn't it ? Did you come from Overburn V ' Yes, from the station. I am on my way to Bildon, and I was directed to this place for a night's lodging. ' ' Couldn't come to a better, sir, though I says it.' As he spoke he opened the door into the chief or, as it appeared, only public room of the inn, which wa3 floored with tiles and roughly furnished, but a huge fire blazed on the hearth, and in the chimney coraer sat a red. faced carter, in a coarse smock-frock. This individual drew his pipe from his mouth, and stared hard at the newcomer, but did not offer to rise, and the stranger, who, soldier-like, was evidently accus tomed to make himself at home under any circumstances, threw off his cloak and hat, and advanced to the fire with a courteous, half-careless, ' G-ood evening, friend. A fine night for travellers, eh ?' To which remark the carter responded by a grunt, and continued to stare? The new arrival waB certainly not of the class to which the guests at the Chimes- were ac customed. He was a tall, aristoeraticlook ing man, whose air, speech, and clothes be spoke the Londoner ; a handsome man, too, with that blending of power and gentleness in expression which wins alike the trust and respect of men and women. Although Ms hair and moustache were of a sunny tint, his complexion was deeply brenzed, nor had the delicately-made hands he held for a moment before the blaze escaped the effect of tropical suns. On the third finger of the left hand flashed a rose diamond of great price arid beauty, which it did not eeem ta occur to the young man he would have done wisely to remove. ' How far is it to Hildon V he asked, making another, attempt at conversation, ' Matter o' twelve mile.' ' Along this road V 1 Boa, cross-cut. Eben '11 show yer th road.' 'Eben,' probably an abbreviation of *Ebenezer,' was evidently mine host, who at that moment returned, announcing that his niece would bring in the supper directly, and he seated himself before the fire with a jolly smile on his round, good natured face. 'You were bold, sir,' he began, 'to attempt Haverley Wold Euch a night as this. ' ' I hadn't much choice, mine host. I am on my way to Hildon, and I am due Borne time to-morrow. When I reached Overburn I found the train could get no farther ; the line was blocked, and likely to remain so till Heaven knows when ; but they told me I could ride across the moor, so I had out my horse, and resolved to try the1 experiment ' ' Ah, sir, I see — young lady up at Bildon, eh ?' 'Nay/' said the other, laughing, 'I hav'n't yet found that young lady.' ? Bav'n't you ? Well, it's not for want of good looks to take the women's fancy. It's the manor people you're going to see, I take it?' 'It is/ ' 'Wellj sir, I hope you'll have a merry Christmas. It isn't very merry Christ mases we get here, for there isn't a house within eight or nine miles every way, and so you may imagine it's dull.' ' Dullj I could not live such a life. Hosv does your niece like'it ?' 1 Well, not much, I suppose ; but she's not my niece, you know, sir, though I call her so. She's a lady — true as true, Eir. Her father was an artist — name of Brandon — come -here with her one such night as this, and she was just a baby. His had been a runaway match, he told me ; his wife was a great lady, and that was all I knew. Be died quite sudden in the night and left the little one ; so what could I do ? I couldn't find out who she belonged to, ho I just kept her here. Hist! sir, here she is.' After hearing this romantic story, the youcg man naturally turned to look with considerable curiosity on the damsel who now entered, bearing a tray, and his start cf wonder and admiration must be for given him. Be beheld a girl of about seventeen, tall and slender, clothed in a scarlet petticoat, with a blue handkerchief fastened picturesquely across her bosom. A quantity of dark hair clustered over a small nobly posed head ; her face was a pure oval, her complexion clear and pale, her features delicately cut, her eyes large, dark, luBtrous, and shaded by very long lashes. Altogether the girl was remark ably beautiful, and looked about as un fitted for the coarse mean life to which she was doomed as it was possible to imagine. To judge superfically by her face, she seemed to have acquired a sullen proud indifference to her fate. She scarcely looked up as she came in ; she Eet down the tiay and began lajing the supper as if the room was empty, save for herself, and when her task was done she said quietly, ' Supper is ready, sir,' and went and s&t; down apart, drawing some work from her pocket and plying her needle quickly and silently. Her voice was sweet and low — the voice of a lady, but without brightness ; it sounded as her face looked — as though laughter were unknown and happiness no more than a word. The young officer could hardly take his eyes off the girl, who never raised her- own, or took any part - in what followed, 'Eaika's a queer 'un,' said the host, jerking his thumb towards her, 'but a good girl, sir — never complains ; queer name too, isn't it ? That was the name on her clothes plain enough, eo we kept it.' ' It is a foreign name,' said the young man carelessly, not wishing to talk about the girl before her face. 'Do yon like cigars, Mr. ? ? I be^ your pardon.3 ' Oh, Shelton's my name, sir — Ebenezer Shelton ; but, bless you, they call me Eben. Cigar, sir 1 Thanky ; well, I'll try one, though I don't remember I ever smoked one before. ' It was a very dainty case the officer pushed towards him, and bora en graved on it the name and status of its owner — ' Captain Grahame Errington, — th Hussars.' ' That your name, sir ?' said mine host, reading the superscription. ' That is my name.' 'Captain Errington? All right. Thanky sir, much obliged.' 'Eben,' said the saturnine carter, ' wasn't it to-night last year that traveller from York fell over into the tarn V ' Kb, no,' said mine host, settling him self in the chimney corner as he spoke, and his burly form almost disappeared in the gloom, ' that wa3 on Christmas Eve. A dreadful thing, Captain Errington. He had come here for the night, that gentleman, and the next day he would go on. Well, I went with him to put him in the right way, as far as a finger-post yonder that showed him ; and he must have taken the wrong way after all, for his body was found nearly a month later in Banersley Tarn. He'd fallen in. You see, you can't tell the tarn is there till you fall into it — not in snow time ; the ground all looks bo fair. There's more than one has lost his life there. ' *I must beware of it,' said Captain Errington, laughing. ' Oh, sir, you couldn't mistake if you were careful. I'll show you the way all right.' ' You are too kind.' The young man rose from the table, and Kaika rose too, and went to fetch him a candle. 'What time will you ba called, sir?' she said, returning and giving him the lamp. 'I am a soldier, Baika,' said he, smiling ; *I always wake early, thanks.3 ' Very well, sir. Good-night.3 'Good-night, Baika.9 She looked up for a moment, but her eyes fell and a light color crossed her cheek as she met Captain Errington's gaze. No doubt she had been admired often and boldly enough, but had pro bably never encountered admiration so blended with reverence and pity ; nor is it likely that she had ever before been spoken to by any one belonging to the class to which her birthright entitled her, and her heart beat with a new and be wildering sensation as she turned away and sought her own little chamber. Per haps that poor heart, struggling ever like a caged bird, would have beaten faster yet had she known that the handsome officer's thoughts were so entirely absorbed by her that he did not sleep for hours, and quite forgot to wonder how Ebenezer ►Shelton made a living out of innkeepingin the midst of a Yorkshire wold, where his takings could hardly amount to £20 a year. Chapter IL — Raika, Daylight brought no change in the weather ; the snow fell fast and thick when Captain ErriDgton descended to the public room. * '''' Baika was there alone, moving silently about. She lifted her heavy-lashed eyes as the guest came in and bade him simply ' Good-morning, sir ;' but the young man, following perhaps an impulse which thought might have checked, held out his hand. ♦You are my equal,' he said, smiling, though there was a pained look in his eyes. An expression of utter wonder came into hers, and the blood rushed hotly over cheek and brow and died even her white neck. ' Your equal,' she said ; ' no, I am not ; I am an inn servant.' 'An inn servant by accident, a lady by birth, and I am sure in all else. You will not, then,' said the young man, gently, ' give me your hand ?' ' Yes' (under her breath), 'if you wish it.' She laid in his a small white hand, so smooth and delicate that it seemed im possible it could do hard work, and the touch of that hand thrilled to the young man's very heart. If he had followed the prompting of the moment he would have raised it to his lips ; but thought came this time quick enough to save him from what might have been misinterpreted. Be dropped the hand and turned away in silence. Baika went on setting the table, bat she made one or two mistakes, and had to rectify them. Presently Erringbon observed — ' Baika, you surely do not do the hard work of this house V She shook her head. 'No, Jos the ostler does that. I am not very strong. Eben won't let me do hard work.' ' Your tone, Baika, implies that you would like to do it ' ' So I would — and have done with it.' 'With what?' ' 'With living, to be sure ; 'tis no use to me, is it ?' ' Hush, Raika, It is terrible to hear you speak bo ; you are young — you have all your life before you. ' ' It won't be' a long one, I'll take care of that,' said she sullenly. She had to pass near Errington as she spoke. He laid a quick hand oa her aim and turned her round to Mm. ' Raika, do they ill-treat you here ¥ What a fierce flash from the dark eyes ! 'No; Eben is kind enough in his fashion, and the rest let me alone. I would like to see one of them so much as dare to touch me as you are doing. ' ' You don't mind me, Raika ?' 'You're a gentleman, and you only mean to be kind, I am sure ; which is a pity, for it can't do me any good, and will make things seem worse.' ' Oh, Raika, do not speak so. Oh, if I could only help you.' The girl shrank back with a sudden passionate sob. ' I don't want help,' she muttered in a choked voice. ? No, no, don't touch me — don't speak to me,' and she turned and rushed out of the room. Grahame -Errington sank down and covered his eyes for a moment. ' By Heaven V he said to himself, 'ami courting fate, or has fate overtaken me ? 1 he girl bewilders — dazzles me— and she is a lady, gently born, not even — though her surroundings are so rough — rough and harsh. I must save her from this life. But how ? The entrance of his host aroused him, and greeting Eben Shelton courteously, the young man asked if he and his niece would join him at brejkfaBt. ' Thank ye, sir, much obliged.' Baika was summoned, and came in without any Bigns of unusual agitation on her countenance, and she sat down .in silence. 'You don't think of going out this morning, sir V said Eben, glancing out of the window ; and his eyes travelling baik rested a moment on the rose diamond. ' Well, I hardly know ? ' Last even iDg he would have answered differently, but now he had seen Raika ! ' It wouldn't be safe, sir ; you can't see your way when the snow falls like that. The finger-post Is a good mile away, and you'd ij ever find it without someone showed you the way, and I wouldn't trust J03. to do tbat ; if he took you straight he'd belike to tell you wrong when you got there. Maybe you think I'm speak ing in my own interest, sir ; but your own sense '11 tell you that a Vork moor in a snowstorm isn't altogether easy travel ing.' 'No, I don't misjudge you,' said Errington, smiling, although there was something about the jolly, round faca of Eben Shelton he did not quite like. ' And certainly it would never do to take yon out in a snowstown.' 'Lor, sir, it isn't that — that wouldn't signify — it's the danger. You don't know these parts, I see, sir.' ' I never was in Yorkshire in my life before ' ' Oh, indeed. I thought maybe you belonged to the Hildon Manor people.' 'No, I met the eldest son in town this season, and he asked me to spend Christmas with them, I don't know the rest of the family at all.' Baika glanced furtively at Eben, but remained Bilent. ' Of couree, sir, continued mine host, ' I knew you were sooth country — but still you might have been related to jhe manor people. Maybe it'll clear up by the evening — not much before I think.' 'Which, way from, the finger-post lies this awful tarn V raked. Errington. ' Well, sir,' the innkeeper laughed and scratched Mb head, f it's difficult to tell you, because it all depends how you come up to the post. For there's a right and a wrong way, you see ? . Now, then, Baika, what are you after there V The girl had risen abruptly without any ceremony, and gone to the door. ' I thought I heard Binnie outside, that's all,' she said. 'There no harm done.' ' No harm but rudeness,' said Shelton angrily, 'leaping up like a young buck to look after a lurcher! What'll Captain Errington think of Yorkshire manners ?' 'Pray,' said the young man hastily, ' do not imagine that I am offended. Raika is right — there is no harm done ; and you know Mr. Shelton, ladies com mand in all these things.' 'Ladies, sir! Well, she's born a lady, sure enough, but she not a lady now — don't put that notion into her head.' The girl came back to the table, with a burning color on her usually pale face ; and Captain Errington, partly for her own sake, and partly for his own, turned quickly to the innkeeper and said — ' You were telling me about ? ' * The tarn — yes, sir. Well, if you come to the finger-post the right way, as I said, then the road to the tarn turns off to the right. Your way is a bridle-path to the left, and that widens out into a good road some two miles farther on.' ' But the road to the right passes by the tarn, does it not V ' Yes, sir ; but just on the crown of the bank, and in winter time, with the 3now covering everything, you can't see where the bank begins, and it's a sheer- descent into the tara, sixty feet below you — the first you'd know would be going down like a stone dropped into a welL' JjLisnks,' ? ;sai& Errington, laughing ; ' and there I might lie for months, like the poor fellow you were talking of last night.' 'Ay, sir,' said Eben, rising, 'that was a terrible affair ! By the way, Kaika, where is Martin ? That's the carter sir.' ' He is snoring In the kitchen,' replied Raika, proceeding to clear away the break fast things. Mine host sat down by the fire and lighted a long pipe, and Captain Errington leaned against the chimney-piece and entered into conversation with him —a conversation in which Raika, while she was in the room, never once joined, and she presently went out, leaving the door not wide open, but just ajar; and all the while Grahame Errington talked to his host bis thoughts were with th6 girl who seemed to have resigned her eelf to her harsh fate with a kind of grim apathy, awful to behold in one with youth, beauty, and gentle birth, all that should make her life bright and glorious. Why did she keep away ? If she would not talk, it was a pleasure — strong enough to make every j-ulse throb — only to look at her. Did she distrust him ? Perhaps he could hardly wonder if she did, although she had professed to believe his kindness had in it no sinister element. Anyhow, he answered Eben almost at random for some little time, but at last, with an effort, roused himself. The innkeeper was a shrewd man, and might suspect that Baika's beauty had made an impression on the guest, and such suspicions would probably recoil on the girl's head. ' I suppose you carry pistols, sfr ?' was the first remark of mine host that Erring ton fully comprehended. 'Pistols'.' The young man's blue eyes opened wide. ? Are tho people here given to shooting their neighbors ? Besides, you forget that when I started I did not intend to ride across the moor.' 'True, sir; no, of course, you didn't. Well, I don't suppose you'll meet with any harm between here and Hildon, especially such weather as this ; but there are sometimes queer characters about.' Errington glanced oat of the window. It was still snowing fast. ?My friends willthinklamlost,'hesaid with a half sigh. ' I must manage to push on to- night.' ' It will be clear by then, sir— quite clear, at least not snowing,' said mine host, filling a fresh pipe, ' and I'll put you in the way for Hildon. ' ?Many thanks.' He turned to the door, and as he reached it he thought he heard a quick, light step without. Had Raika been listening? — but what for? — besides he could not connect such meanness with her ; and there was certainly no one in the passage. 1 1 am just going,' he explained to Eben, 'to see to my horse. He's my sweetheart, you know. ' 'Your only one ! Ah, sir, I know better.' ' My only one indeed,3 said the other, laughing, with an odd feeling that to-day the answer was not quite true. Bah ! this girl was ignorant ; he really knew nothing of her. But she was a mere child in years ; she could be educated ; he could not be mistaken in believing that a noble soul, a keen and wide intelligence, resided in the slight form clothed in homespun; he had money — but how then could he, a young man in a higher social position, use that money so as. to ? benefit this girl ? - ^ without doing her irredeemable mischief in the world's eyes. Well, he could find out where her father was, who her friends were ; but meanwhile he must leave, her here ! He could not reconcile himself to that idea, and yet could see no escape from it. He turned towards the stables, and as he drew near saw that the door was open, and then his heart gave a sudden bound. There stood Baika, feeding his horae with carrots, and tenderly caressing him the while. She looked up with a violent start as she heard the young officer approach, and colored painfully, but said depreca tingly — 'I was only feeding him. I am fond of horses.' ' - 'So it seems. Don't runaway,' laying a detaining hand on her arm, for she was about to quit the stable. ' What are you afraid of, Baika f ' Nothing.' She stood still and looked down, but she was drawing her breath quickly, and there was a kind of frightened look in her eyee, for a moment, but* it passed. .'Nothing?' repeated Errington, gaz ing steadily on the beautiful, friendless creature, and sorely tempted to take her in his arms there and then. * I hope it really is nothing. I don't want you to be afraid of me.' ' I am not ; but there, it's no use in your talking to me — it can't dome a bit of gord ? ' ' Stay, Baika ! it may do you some good. I may be able to help you if yon can tell me anything about your parents.' ' I don't know any more than you heard last night.' A troubled shade fell on Errington's brow. ' Still.' he said after a pause, 'even that is some clue^ — I know your father's name and profession— I can discover no doabt who he is, and find out your relations.' Was the girl touched by the kindness ? Was her woman's heart unstirred by the thought, 'Why should he take so much interest in me?' It was hard to tell. She showed no sign of either grati tude or pleasure ; she. drew back, and turned her face aside a little, saying, in a kind of dogged manner — ' It would not matter anything to me ; there is no use in any one putting -them- selves out about me — not the least. I-dare Bay you mean to be kind to me — I am sure you do, but it can't help me.' Errington set his teeth, and was silent. It seemed to him that the girl distrusted him, and though he did not blame her for the thought, it pained him deeply, con Bciousashewasofno feelingthat arraigned his honor. He said no more, but he was resolved, nevertheless, to seek out Raika's relatives. She looked at him as he turned * away and opened her lips to speak, but closed them resolutely, and without a word went out of the stable and back to the kitchen, where she set about the work of preparing dinner in a mechanical kind of \ra.y. The snow still kept falling, and the girl watched it now and then with an expression of satisfaction. She waa revolv ing something in her mind. What was it? When she went to lay the cloth Captain Errington was sitting reading, or rather pretending to read, a local paper of about a month's date. Eben Shelton was smoking near the fire. 'Eben,' said the girl, ' I suspect you will have to tap a new cask. I fancy the . last one is run out.' 'Nonsense, girl, it can't be yet,' returned Shelton in a surprised tone. ? Well, I will see.' She went out, along thepassage, and open ing a low door, descended a steep night of stairs, so dark that only habit could enable her to know where she was going. When she had reached the bottom she took a lantern from a peg in the wall, lighted it with a match she carried, and entered the cellar, a wide, dreary-looking place. Her subsequent proceedings were strange. She went to a cask already tapped, and placing beneath it a bucket that stood near, set the tap running till the bucket was full and the cask empty. 1 hen she carried the bucket to a sink in the flooring, emptied all the beer down it, rolled the bucket into a dark corner, and searched about till she found a good-sized piece of wood. With this in her band she ascended the steps. again, leaving- the lantern behind her, and the wood too, it seemed, for it was not in her hand when she reached the passage. Straight she went to the keeplog- room. ' The cask is empty,' she said. ' You'll have to tap a fresh one. Martin drank a lot last night, you know.' , ' Well, well,' said mine host rising, ' if the cask's out, it is ; so here goes.' He weiit out of the room and his heavy step passed along the passage. Baika held her breath for an instant, but went on with her duties in her usual swift, silent, indifferent manner. Suddenly there was a load crash — a, hoarse cry. Errington and Raika sprang to the door together. ? It's Jiben !' cried the lattsr, breath lessly. ' He's fallen somehow down the steps. Hold, sir, you can't see ; I'll fetch a light.' 0 he door at the top of the stairs was open ; from the darkness below came a heavy groan. In an instant Raika had brought a light, and she and Captain Errington descended the stairs There at the bottom lay the bulky form of Eben Shelton, one foot doubled under him. He was groaning and swearing vigorously, but, with Errington's help, succeeded in. rising and hobbling slowly up the steps. ' How did it happen, Eben V 'asked Baiba anxiously. ' IJid you slip V ' There was something on the stepa — something you left, you white-faced hussy !' he answered angrily. . ' I left nothing,' returned the girl. 'You must have slipped.' Bat as she spoke (she was following her two com panions, holding up the light) she noise- -- leesly threw out of sight a piece of wood * ~J that lay at the foot of the btairs. ' I daresay it is nothing very bad, ' said Errisgton quickly, wishing to spare the girl any abuse. 'You were fortunate to escape so well.'. _ . t ' *Ay, X might ha' broken my neck Thank yon, sir, for helping me.' He hobbled into the keeping-room and there sat down, and examination showed that his foot '-was pretty badly sprained. Baika brought vinegar, and swathed in xags the swollen ankle ; and the innkeeper, with man) a wry face, submitted to his fate, and eat with his foot upon a chair. 'One bad thing is, sir, ' said he during dinner, ' that I shan't be able to show yon the way ; bat you needn't be hindered for that ; Baika knows it. ' 'Baikal' repeated Captain Erringfcon, * travel a mile through the snow, and after dark, for me ! I should not think of it.' 'Lor, eir, 'tis all right. She's not one of jour town bred ladies. She's been out on the moor at night many a time.' * I could not allow it,' said the young man firmly. JJaika interposed. ' You will not find your way alone, sir ; you had best let me go. If you went alone I should follow, for I should fancy you were over the tarn back.' 'Then I must yield.' And no more waB caid on the subject. Chapter III. — ' Turk to the Right.' About sis o'clock the snow ceased, and the moon rose and shone down pale and clear on the vast expanse of snow. Jos ?was ordered to bring round the chestnut, and while he was gone Captain Errington paid his reckoning, drawing forth a well-stocked puree, Baika turned away, and an odd look of triumph lighted up her black eyes as she went to the kitchen. She came back enveloped in a long frieze cloak, with a hood that would draw over the heada but was now thrown back. She paused near the door. IFmngton held out Mb hand to his host. ' Good-by, sir, ' said that person heartily. * A safe journey to you, sir, and a merry Christmas. You'll remember this Chris mas Eve, sir, no doubt — a funny one, eh? There's Itaika ail ready. Mird, child, tiie bridle-paiJi to the left.' '1 know it, liben. I should know Baverly Wold if any one does.' She went out, Erriogfcon. followed, and they stood without in the snow, iiring toa bestowed a handsome largesse on Jos, and passed his arm through his horse's bridle. * Come,' he said. 'Are you not going to mount, sir?' * While you walk ? That would be strange courtesy, Raika.3 * Very well, sir. This way, please. ' It was very cold, freezing hard ; but the girl did not cover her head. She walked on by her companion still in silence, tread ing lightly and fearlessly over the frozen ground ; and Errington did not speak. Perhaps his heart was too full just now for words. Once or twice Eaika looked Imck, and the young man fancied — it zrJghtimly be fancy — that she breathed more freely when the inn was out of tight. Suddenly she raised her hand. * Do you see that post yonder air V ' Yes 1' * That's the finger-post' The place where they must part! He made no answer, and the girl glanced at him furtively ; then walked on a little ahead of ft™n3 and had reached the finger post when he came np. Finger-post it was called by courtesy, for only one ibroken arm remained, and on that thera aras no direction. The girl's face seemed almost as white as the snow around her. She put her hand — it trembled now — on the young man's arm. ' Do you see that track, sir/ she slid, pointing with her other hand, ' going to the left ?(' '-2nite plainly.' * And you see that other— a batter road —to the right ?' * Tes.J 'That is jour read, sir,' said Baika, -steadily, * to the right J *To the right?7 repeated Errington. ' jgben Sheitun said especially the bridle . path to the ieit. ' Baika looked ivSl in the speaker's face. 'tben Slit-ltou said that,' she said, ' because the bridle path to the left leads ?nght-on to the tun ' 'fiaika!' Hec-'uldsay no more — the horxot oi £Sse idea tbat her startling words presented checked all power of speech. 'Believe which of us two you like,' ?CGsfinasd the girl, resolutely. ' Trust him ?or me as you will. I know nini ; you do aot. Heinurdered that man they were diking of last oight ; and if he had come jwithyouto-sightiis would have murdered you and Tabbed you. I couldn't stop it last time — rl didn't suspect it ; bo1: 1 found it xmt afterwards, and I knew he had made npliis mind what to do when he saw your 'diamond, and I made up my mind to prevent Mm. Didn't he find out last .night that yon were not related to the Hildon JHJaDor people ? That was- because if you had btea the business might have feeen more risky. Didn't he find out to day that you did not carry pistola ? I knew lie would.be asking questions, and I listened and heard him. £ lied about the scask, I poured all the beer away, and put «, piece of wood on the stairs that he might fall down. I didn't care whether tie \- ijroke ins neck or .not \ bat hs sprained bis ankle ; that is all I really cared about, -? -jand he thought 1 would send you the ^wrong way ! I .am too 'wise to let Mm see my hand. If you fell down into that tarn yen -would 'be burned in the snow, fie would CGmetnensxfcday ansLrobyou — there Is a way down for those who know it — and leave your body there for kites and ravens. If you are wise, sir* take this road to the right.' Standing a few feet from her com panion, aud speaking in a clear, calm, deliberate manner, Raika told this terrible tale ; and as she finished pointed again to the sight, as though her information had in it nothing especially out of the 'way, and her own future concern in the matter w*s of no sort of consequence. ITrrington had heard her without inter \- ruptioa, amazed less by the blask villainy disclosed than by the part she had played and her manner of relating the trath, for to doubt her never for a moment occurred to the young man. Sat as she ceased he ~xnade one step to her side and grasped fierarm. ' Baika, 'hesaid, bending down, 'brave, arable woman 1 you have aaved my life. Can you ask if I believe you ? But at 'what risk to yourself have you done this? 'What, do you intend to do ?' j The girl glanced round at the wide ' dreary moor land, and tried to shrink ?away. ' j ' * I ?' she said, * never raiad that, sir. ! ' I'm not going back to The Chimes — that's all He'd killme when he found out I'd played him false.' *What, then, did you intend to do, Eaika? Did you thick that after whatyoa iave told me I should mount my horse . and ride away and leave you ?' Baika's eyes wavered. ' I can get over the moor to Bicklemere,' she said in a low tone. * Baika !' said ike young officer, sternly, ' Ton know that you would be frozen to death before yon could reach Bicklemere; it is twenty miles away.' ' What then ?' said the girl, lifting her iead, with a desperate look in her eyes. '* I want to be frozen to death. I'll be glad i» die. I've nothing to live for— my whole life has been like that tarn, black and sullen. I have saved yours ; now let me go and end mine.' For answer, Grahame ISningfcon flung txis arm round the slight form. 'Balks, you must oome with me. I 'w31 take yon to friends who will cars $or you. Yon lalk wildly. How could I ?-. let yon destroy your life, even' — hislip3 ~ sflmost touched her brow as ' he spoke the last words— 'if it were not so dear to «me V _. --- The girl's dark ?eyes met his with a ba \- wiMered gaze — hsx fierce, reckless spirit seemed to have fled — she trembled like a feafinthe young man's strong embrace; and 'when lie added .gently. 'Gome, you ? «annele4-efore-me «n the saddle, and I will take you to a new ami tnppy Sife,' she did not answer, and hardly seemed to fully understand him. Errington had no doubts, no hesitation now ; the web of his life was cast, he knew for good or evil -and evil it could hardly be if this noble-hearted girl was to share it. fie loosed her for a moment, and vaulting to the saddle, bent down to her again. 'Give me your hands, pat your foot on mine. So !' In a moment the girl was seated before him, his right arm clasped firmly round her, and he bent over the flushed face that would have turned from him 'Baika,' he said, passionately, xyou hare saved my life ; giva your life to me. I think you can ; even now you love me, Baika.' With a quick sob the girl hid her face on the young man's breast. He had read the secret she had hardly known herself — read the secret of her longing to end her life that, without him, must be so utterly blank that she dared cot face it. He wrapped her close to him, and kissed the quivering lips, whispering to her that he had not meant to leave her long, that he would not part from her, for he loved her, and very soon she should be his wife. liaika could only cling to him then, feeling herself in a kind of dream, and save to show her lover the right road to take, she hardly spoke the whole way. Little recked Grahame Errington of cold or snow that Christmas Eve, as he rode across Haverly Wold with Baika clasped to him ; and if it crossed him often as passing strange that he had pledged his lif e to a woman of whose very existence he had not known at this hour yesterday, the thought never came to him with any feel ing of misgiving — any doubt of his own heart. Eben Shelton and the grim lonely old inn, and the terrible tarn, faded away into a sickly dream, and left only this treasure — like gold gathered from dross ; and beyond the night and the fields of snow lay a golden dawn. It was one o'clock in the morning when the old manor-house at Hildon was reached by the travellers, and lights still blazed in the windows, for was it not Christmas Eve ? But amid the festivity was a deep under-current of anxiety, for all feared that some mishap had befallen Grahame Errington. Errington's loud peal at the bell brought into the lighted hall the grey- haired Lady Langside and her son, and her troop of guests, and poor Baika hid her face, and scarce knew whether to ding to- her protector or to shrink from him ; but he bade her look up, and told his hostess that he had a strange tale to tell her; and kindly Lady Laug side took the girl's hand, and as Baika lifted her lace, then, with, a sudden cry, the lady turned to Errington — ' Grahame Erriugton, who is Ibis? Answer me. Kind .heaven ! am I dreaming ? It is Baika — as I saw her last — Baika — my daughter V 'This child, then,' said Grahame Xxringtonj 'is your daughter's child, Baika Brandon.' Explanations followed. Captain Erring ton related the adventures of the two days, and Lady Langside, her lost daughter's child in her arms, told how Baika Langside had fled her home with a poor artist named Brandon, and how her family, in their pride, had hence forth repudiated her, bitterly repenting their harshness when too late. So. after all, it was a very happy Christmas at the old manor-house of Hildon, the precursor of many to follow. Hast Christmas, Captain E-rrington aud his beautiful wife. Baika, were the principal guests, and Baika, with her bright funny face and happy laughter, seemed another creature from the girl who had seen nothing worth living for, and had sought an escape from despair in the dreary suicide of the frost sleep. As no criminal charge could be laid against iben Shelfon, Captain Erring ion did not take any steps in that direction, but he effectually cut off any future chance of that wortby treating travellers as wolves treat the deer, by causing a strong railing to be erected all roucd the tarn, and in a letter to the landl' rd of The Chimes, he told him that his treachery had been discovered, and how it had been foiled. It is supposed -that this letter produced anything but an agreeable impression on Eben's mind. At any rate, within a few months of its receipt he disappeared, and up to the present time the inn on Haverly Wold is un inhabited ; but it is visited sometimes by tourists on account of its baing the scene of a romantic story, which somehow be came known, and is still of ten rehearsed over Christmas fires ; nor will it be for gotteninthe north country when Grahame Errington and Baika are gathered to their fathers. 