A FOX GAUCHT IN HIS OWN TRAP. prnuni. Sir. James Fox was tho junior partner in the firm of Plumley and Fox, the principal solicitors iu tlio somewhat dead-alive old Cathedral town of Slumborough. Ho was a smart, well set up young man, of two or three and thirty, with carefully trimmed black whiskers, a silken man- ner, aud an unlimited flow of more or less en tertaining small talk. Henco it came to pass that ho was an exceedingly popular man among the ladies of Slumborough, both old and young, and, had his views laiu iu the direction of matrimony, he would have had small difficulty in inducing any bashful damsel or frisky widow to shnro his lot. But the handsome solicitor was ambitious ; his share in the business uid not at present bring him in more than a mode rate income, aud he had long ago determined it'Vnn lirt mni-alml lira tinicf fnilSlflcr DOt only beauty but more solid advantages. Heiresses, however, were not plentiful in Slumborough, and so, although Mr. Fox's at tentions frequently 11 uttered a virgin bosom, ho 'wns'dnrefiiFudMp 'commit ''himself too far, and not Uie' loetil ''gossips could fuirly say ot him tlinl lie'liii'd 'Compromised a reputation or knowingly raised' false hopes. There was, in deed, 0110 yonug lady who had made a deep impression" upon the solicitor's heart, but sue was the daughter of a county magnate with whom poor Mr. Fox was not even ou visiting terms. Ho hud met her nt the Anuual Bunt Ball, she hud danced twice wvith him, for Mr. Fox wus nu excellent wnltzor ; but her mother had doubtless warned her against bini, for when next they met,sonio six weeks afterwards. Miss Lnquerton passed tho unfortunate man without so much ns a bow. Miss Lnqiicrton, however, was lovely andrich, aud Mr. Fox was ' . , ' , ' .1 rjnknew not a mnn ro no easily uiscouriigcu. , that if ho could only afford to cut tho office f® blossom into a landed proprietor ho would have just as good a clmnco with her as anybody else, so he waited patiently in tho hopes of one day discovering the road which leads to fortune and success. , . , The firm of Plumley and Fox was a hig ' j respcctablo and old fashioned concern, wn avoided litigation and kept- almost c_utir< eqr family business. Fluraloy was a fairly fi lawyer, but Fox's legal knowledge was oi limited character,. and lio was much too J" tuko tho trouble to increase it. So it Lir to bo understood between them that while Fiumley did the cilice work, Fox kept the clients in good humor by calling on them mronos of nothing and amusing them with his iokes and stories. This business was techni cally termed "keeping the connection together," and it suited Mr. Fox very well indeed. It was while lie was thus keeping the connection to- Eetlier that Mr. Fox mndc the acquaintance of a certain rich old widow lady named Mrs. John- son and so well did ho play his cards that be fore long Plumley and Fox became -Mrs. John son's family solicitors, land agents nnd confi dential advisers. The firm made a pretty good, thing out of Mrs. Johnson. In accordance with the usual arrangement, l'luiuley transacted the business nnd . Fox beenmo a constant visitor at her house and worked his way into her good graces by bis wonderfid powers of : amusing conversation. Thcro was yot another accomplishment which stood our solicitor in very good stead, and this was au accurato know ledge of chemistry and modicjue, which he had picked np as a boy in tbo shop of his unclo, tho chemist, Tho horrible smells young Fox had created in his experiments, aud. tho ugly staius ho lind inado. on liisrdinnds, determined him to forsake medicine for. the law, , but he never entirely - forgot ' liis "early experiences, lie could talk fluently, hbout,cvery known drug nnd disease, and about a great many wliicn liad not yot Leon discovered j lie diagnosed Mrs.. Johnson's symptoms at least as' accurately as, MucBolus, .the Scotch doctor, mud. would even, have- prescribed for her had not the stalwart Scot angrily throutcnedto kick him if h'o:did' so. But he retaincd;,a -very prominent plncb in.- the . old lady's 'affections, and it-- bogau to be whispered about thiit'ho had ancxccllent chauco of succeeding to her Yory considerable -pro> The disposal of Mrs. Johnson's money wns a matter which had long furnished speculation of unfailing interest to tho town of . Slumbbrough, and filled many a yawning gap in conversation at afternoon teas. Mrs. Johnson hnd but ono relative in tho world, TAIiss Lizzie Roberts, tho daughter of her late sister. This young lady, however, it was agreed, -had not tho slightest chance of . being raontioned-in lier nunt's will. A haudsomo, well bred girl, she was left at her parouts' death to make her own way in the world, inheriting nothing bnt tho bnttlo of life and the dislike -of Mrs. Johnson, who hnd not seen the child siuco it- quitted its bnby clothes. This straugo- antipathy was traceable, as somo people said, to times long gono by, when Mr: Roberts, Lizzie's father,' then renowned for' his manly beauty, had been an assiduous visitor at the honsc of Mrs. Johnson's parents. She, being the elder daughter, and taking all liis at tentions for herself, hhd felt it keenly ns a per sona insult when her sister dared " to snatch him away ;" and even- later on, 'after having made a much more brilliant match licrscilf, she never could forgivo this early defeat. Death even had not buried tlio grudge,' which not un naturally passed from mother to child. How far this saying may havo been true or not, one thing was certain, poor Lizzie Roberts hod not the ghost of a chnnco of ever seeing a single penny from her aunt's money box ; her claims were clearly quito out of tho question. Thcro remained, then, only Miss Nelly Brown, Mrs. Johnson's lady' companion, and Mr. James Fox. '-Mr. James Fox know from his partner, who had cautioned him in a frieudly way, that Mrs, Johnson was not going' to divido her fortune, but would leavo tho whole of it to her " truest friend," though sho liad evidently not yot mndo. her mind up as to who deserved that title. Aloro than once had Air. Flnmlcy been sud denly summoned to draw np a new will; so Elighl an anuoyanco as a cold cup o'f ten having caused her to destroy tho ono in Miss Nolly favor. Then two days' neglect on the part of . Mr. Fox, and a constant supply of hot tea at tho hands of Miss Nelly, again reinstated this lady in Mrs. Johnson's good graces. Mr. Fox thoreforo-had good causo for nnxioty ns to what would ho the exact slate of affairs when the old lady ,wa3 finally called upon to join tho ma jority. " With snch an old woman;" he said to him self, " who is ready to make anew will any day and to burn it tho next, thero is no dependence, one's futuro hangs upon a whim ; a remedy must bo found. The safest thing would of cottrso bo to make lovo to Miss Nolly ; she is rather ' thirtyish,' and altogether not very attractive; still, if sho w.ero to -get all tho money, she- \- would be anything but undesirablo." So Mr. James Fox pet to work at onco to make himself agrceablo to Miss Brown, yet without going too far ; for lie hod by no means forgotten Miss Laqucrton, hut be felt it was better to have two strings to his bow, and therefore ho determined to do his host to keep Miss Nelly in good humor. This lady, how ever, Was not so cosily satisfied as tlio solicitor .expected ; for now ho had once begun to pay her. .attentions, sho wanted a decided offer of marriage,' and not being able to get it, sho tqok, refuge .in a stratagem. This consistod in her suddenly making tlio 'discovery that Mrs. Johnson's health was in absolute want of some German waters — in fact, she decided that it was quite dangerous for her to spend tlio spring in England, with all Iho chauges of heat and cold. Tho old lady was thereforo soon persuaded to yield to such tender solicitude, and away the couplo went, leaving rm' ''"mcB ®>ox 'u " rather .mykward diiyi))qm.: iH'r w"s ''0 to <fc>? iiT&lW; I fl/tfito iPqqlJptf-CM to AIiss Nelly, ,lifl,|vw0i;oJiof(fl(iife!lj7l!ii(J11i his chances would, bq.lostjn ;)£-,bpr,j,u-j neritiug Mrs. Jolmsoii's prgpcftyij-.quithQ othcil hand, if lie played the part oba lover, ho com muted himself, aud gave her tlio materials for a breach of promise case, should tho good lady dio when his name only figured in her will, and should lie then turn his attention to Miss La- querton. IVhat, then, could he do ? 1 ir, S"0 VVftS baffled for tho moment, P'U after, deep deliberation ho hit upon a great :jucq, Which his chemical studies suggested to him. Chuckling to himself, lie went to a chc- LUust 6;shoi),.purcliiisod several drugs, aud mixed .hhUjenuxed.tUem till a magnificent black ink Was produced, which had tlio grand advantage tuat in about ..ten days after being committed I" ?- would fade away without leaving trace, Emboldened by the happy -»?»/ "f .'s operiineuta, ho hocumo at onco no most tender und zealous correspondent any woman could wish for. His letters, in fact, <!„« i'?? lth Promiscs f everlasting devo tion. Miss Nelly beamed with joy ; for 6ho was now convinced how truo and unselfish was the uttachmout of lior adiniror. . E'!cl1 circumstances it was not surpris- g that tho German waters speedily did Mrs. Johnson so much good, that her careful nurse considered that tho cure could lie short sued, and. accordingly the couple returned to England much earlier than liad boon expected. ... Whether, however, tho waters- had really dis agreed with tho old lady, or somethiug-clse had upset her, was never quito clear, but soon after Uicir return to England her health and strength begnn seriously to fail. Sho complained bitterly that Miss Nolly had inducod her to undertake an unnecessary nnd useless journey,- and 'that over since she hnd neglected her altogether.- - The cud of it was that ono'day,<iu tlio height of her anger, she burnt the thou . existing will, and made Mr. James Fox solo lioir to everything she possessed. , This decision seemed to have ex hausted her ' remaining energy, for she died not many days after. . J Mr.Fox, who lipd been apprised of the stato of affairs by his partner nud.friend, almost lost liis senses with joy ; still .'lis 'exeitepidht-did not prevent Mm investing Somo niqnCy-: In -hat bands nud crape, "irad looking "as 'mournful as if tho sorrows of tlio wholo -world restod -upon liis shoulders. Miss Nelly, too, almost uxeltcd away in , tears, and cqnld only, ho comforted liy "lier Jamie," as. sho now called Mr. Fox. But the latter seemed' to hayo turned, quite dull with 'griof. - He did not appear 'to under stand' her at all, -and day by day as sho be came. more demonstrative lio ;- grew less affec tionate.' -The afternoon before j tho-: - funeral Miss Nolly,. wns extremely broken hearted, aiid amidst her, sobs remarked , liow comfortable mid 'happy sho bad always boen with li'orlate dear friend. To' hcr' astonishment Afrv'Fsx attempted to comfort her by saying -with cool civility,'-" I. hopo-ypu may soon meet .again: with such a - lumpy , homo as tyou have,, had- herd till iiow." ' " ' , : ' j ' On hearing this Miss Nelly's tedr.s" shdderily .dried' np, and with oyes dilated Willi" astonish ment andanecr. sho cried :." It is von whom I 'expect to inakd.me this.linppy homo I" Mr. Fox, however, ..simply .shrugged .liis shoulders, saying : " I. do hot. deny. thqt'.I may have onco had such ideas ; hut of Into j I. have grown wiser. Everything alters in this world ; why, then, should our opinions' not do the same ?- That is what wo cnll progress." . v ' . Upon tliis lie bowed and left Miss Nelly" cry ing and fainting in an arm chair. Ho did not hear anything of her till a few days infer, "when a gentlciiian called upon him; saying that ho had been ontriisted with -Miss' Nelly Brown's affairs and, suggesting tlrat per:- haps Mr. Fox, before matters went further; would prefer making some privato arrangement about his breach of proraiso of marriage with his client. " - ." And what proof of that promise lias Miss Brown, except her saying, so?" asked Mr.. Fox. . . : " Oh," answered the young man, " 1 liavo seen a box fnll of loiters from you." "Have you read them ?" continued Air. Fox sarcastically. "Not yet,1' replied tho other; " hut I have seen tho box,". "Well, you hnd: hotter go and read tliem first before you tako any. further stops, . and if you can find a singlo lino from inb to' Miss Brown, I am quite willing to lether have'a'inple damages without thoir being awarded by a,conrt of law." . . There was something so diabolical about Air. Fox, "that tho young defender, of innocence found it best to retire for tlio present, leaving liis opponent to rob bis bands triumphantly ana build castles in tho air about the country scat and the horses mid carriages .ho , was going to buy in order to dazzlo .Auss Laquorton, whom lio felt justified , in seriously thinking, about now. ; ' ; - '" '' _ 1 Miss Nelly, had, meanwhile, boeu iuformed of tho 'conversation at Mr. Fox's office, and with an' indignant, exclamation' about "such incrediblo untruths," she went to fotch her letter box. There, sure enough', were the lot- tcrs, all' in little packets, neatly tied up with blue aud pink ribbons ; btit, strange to say, slie could not see an address ; and. oh, heavens I when sho undid tho packets they contained nothing but paper— all whito paper, without a single word on it; Tho wily lawyer had evi dently deceived her by so'mo demoniacnrtrick".- ' Tho shock was great to the poor lovo sick lady, that sho hod scarcely the couriigo to show herself when the will was to bo read ;. hut sho rallied at last, hoping against hopo that it might still be in her favor, when she could treat with scorn and contempt her faithless lover and his paltry damages.' Mr. Fox, although ho- considered himself al ready master of tho house and everything in it, felt considerably excited on tho morning of tho day appointed for tho reading of the will, nnd wheu Air. Plumley, as chief executor, sat down nnd slowly got his spectacles out, liis junior partner camo over so faint and his heart flut tered to sucli au extent, that ho fancied all his hopos and beautiful castles in the air were crumbling away as in a dream. Why did not his old friend at onco read the document ; why did lie make llic suspense so unbearably long ? Why did ho continue to stare first at the paper in liis hand -then at tlioso around him,' nnd then once more at the paper, without uttering a siuglo word ; aud tlicu at lust when he did speak, why did he stammer, " I — I do not know ; I seo nothing — in fact, it is tho samo pnper, hut " Could it ho ? Yes, sure enough thero was paper on which tho will had been made ont, but thcro was nothing upon it-now, it -was merely ft blank, a white sheet 1 d -".Good heavens 1 With what ink did you write out the will?" burst out at last Air, !SVk.8'"M«:s ifri' ''-I-iotwUh what Ink ?" repeated tho old gentle man, indignantly, "with your ink. As I found the inkstand upstairs dry, and tho old lady was in such a deadly hurry, I rusiicd down myself to get some, and seeing your iiag in tho hall, I took from it tho little inkstand which yon always carry about." . Air. Fox turned doadly pale,- and, without saying another word, vanished, like his ink, be fore anybody had found tirno to iisk for lin' ex planation. When the test of the -c'eiupany had composed themselves ngiiiu, Air. l'himloy said: — . ' . ' b'i -M\r. J "I know that the testatrix hits 'destroyed nil former wills, so that there is mono nt all in cx-j istenco, nud, by law, therefore, tlio- property will go to tho next of kin." . I know, itlt'o, :tli'at Airs. Johnson liad no reliitivcs- whatever; oxe'ept Miss Lizzio Roberts. Sho is consequently solo heiress." 