A Peoilliar- nte>tew. 'John Solomon,.Esq.5.througlligreatly pres sihg business one'icening'last 'week, had to 'eturn to his odfle in" the city in order to ravel out some very intricate accounts. He had brought in with him a bottle of J.D.K.Z., and was combining business with gpltkTlferdiw" it'"f Il O ib diftrdiy"' ar Oitmmnt While wearily clambering up a, column of figures which might have puzzled a Miramins and at the samne time- iabibing' a' heavy draught of the "needful," he felt upon' his cheek the touch of something that seemed to 'cling' to' the' skitn like' the' oarease of a naked oyster. With' 'great' precttloo' of mitidthe'set'ddWh' the bottle; andtlie'addi tin' so far' ao he had'proceeded with' it, 'ahd looked up. "I Beg' yau'r pardon sir," said'he ;: " but I think you have' come to the' wrong pldce." "'Why, John;l,"replied the figure, whom there' is, no need: to' describo, "don't you kiowwmo ?" "'Well, now I look' at you," returned John ; "I confess' there is something familiar abdut' you." "'John," mumbled the apparation, asia look-of 'dibpleaseire'crossed his ghastly'fea turer, "you're foolin'." "'No, I'm not. I'm quite serious " hut Wliat is your'name 1" Themybteriousplrty sonk uninvited into a chair, and stared blankly at the ceiling. Perceiving that his 'guest was' making him self fairly comfortable; Mr. Solomon' turned agaii to his figures, and pushed the bottle further'under'the' table. The'fire' in'the grate burned slowly, aoid now and'again let out a flicker as if it could have done more if it wished. The' Dutch clock looked wise, and swung its pendulum with studied accuracy, like one determined to do its duty and no more. The bottle be neath the table assumed an attitude of ele gant indifference. After some minutes'of silence the spectre turned towards his host, and remarked: "John, I'ni yer dead father. I come back to have a talk with yer 'bout the way things is goin' on. Don't yer think it's wrong notter recognise yer dead parent?" "It is a little rough on you," replied the son; " but the fact is that (7 and 3 are 10, and 2 are 12, and 0 are 18) it is so long since yoi've been' in these parts (and 3 off are 15) that I had kind o' fatgotten that'(2 into 4 goes' twice, and 7 into 6 you can't),-well, you know how it is yourself. May I ask what is your present business with me ?" " Well, yes-if you will 'not talk anything but figures, I s'pose I must come to the p'nt. I say, yer ain't got any liquor about, have yer, John ?" " 14 from 23 are ; no, 9-I'll get you a drink when you've unished your business." " John, I've done everything for you, and you ain't done nothin' for me since I died. I want a monnyment bigger'n Burke and Willeses, with a telegraph by Douglas Sladen." "A telegragh by Sladen ? Why, he's a poet, and poets don't keep telegraph shops," said John. "Oh I you know ; something writ in gilt letters on a tombstone," the spectre gruffly said. "An epitaph, you mean. Well, anything else?" asked the son, rather sneeringly it itilst be confessed. "re'd'o, I don't think of anything spe cial," dreiWled the ghost; "I'd like to have an iron fence around to keep the cows off, and a gravel walk and fresh posies daily, and mebbe an angel or two int marble, just for company. I can't get into sersiety till I have 'em. You've no idea how exclusive they are where I am." The dutiful son laid down his pencil and assumed'an attitude of intense interest. " Anything else to-day ?" he said. " VWell, I suppose you couldn't get the Ice Company to send ore 'of their carts round; they'd do an immense trade. Bill Shakespere 'tid Byron and those nobby gents would be good oustomers." "Ab ! no doubt," said John, sardonically; "What else !" " Well, since yoe mention it, I would like to have'an annual advertisement of my death pht in the mioorling 7hunderer every week, with a nice'piece of poetry at the end of it ; and, John, I'd like you to contest my will. Ted Sharp is having his'n contested." "Yes; old man, but you didn't make any will." "That ain't o' no Conseqluence. You forge the a good un with a large sum to the chari ties, and contest that." " With pleasure, sir; but that will be extra. Now allow me one question. You spoke of the society Where you live. Where do you live ?" The Dutch clock banged Its pendulum through a countless number 'of hours; the glowing Coals in the grate fell upon the gin bottle and engaged in a terrific combat, the figures on the paper went through the Cir cassian waltz, and Mr. Solomon woke up. A smell of scorching carpet pervaded the room, and through the heavy fumes of a sulphurous atmosphere the aged spectre walked into the mirror and vanished as quickly as a pint of "squirt" down a dusty laborer's throat. 