% Dafonil Jfvcc |lrcss. Do as adversaries do in law, Strive mightily, but cat and drink as friends. Wednesday, January 21, 1885. NEWS AND NOTES. A piioTiucTisD absence from tbc colony Las '-precluded the possibility of my contributing to your journal for the past three or four months. Of course I might have acted as your travelling correspondent and sent you occasional notes of my travels in Now Zea land and Queensland ; but the fact of my not doing so is excusable 011 the grounds of an utter disinclination to take up my pen, excepting in cases whore necessity compelled ma so to do, from the time I jumped into the midday train at Bowral several months ago till I again moved among my friends and acquaintances, and realised the truth of poor Howard Payno's lines,— " 'Mid pleasures and palaces, Ac." " And how did you like the sea, Mr. Bolt ?" two hundred and twenty-one persons have asked me since,I lauded in Bowral only a week ago. And the sensation of sea sickness Las returned with all its grim bidcousness every time the question Las been put to me; and so oxasperated have I become with the querists that I have at last been com pelled to swear by the ghost of Pliaroah that the next person who similarly interrogates me had better bo six feet three high, and better able than I to use his Lauds, other wise there is likely to be an unpleasant ond ing to a question innocently and unsuspect ingly asked. Ugh ! I was all right till wo Lad beon at sea between three and four hours. And then? Well, T was sitting on the upper deck reading Hartley's Researches in Greece; but whether the contiuual casting of my eye on the last word of tlio titlo of the book printed over every pago Lad anything ; ) do with the upsetting of my stomach ; or whether it was sol el j' due to the influence of the water as affecting the motion of the steamer I cannot altogether say; at any rate, from some cause or other over which ray iron resolve not to be sick had 110 con trol, I became dizzy and giddy and grew wild at what appeared to me to be the biting sarcasm of one of the officers who, on notic ing that it was nearly time for me to retire, said, " Ah, you're a bad sailor, the sea's as calm as a mill-pond; get up and walk about tho deck and you'll soon drive the feoling away." But I didn't; I got up and sallied down to my cabin and—and—there I re mained for forty-eight hours. -And those blessed stewards ! Of course they don't like the trouble of carrying one's meals into one's cabin ; and, ergo, they will use all the cunning they posses to get you up by trying to make you believe that you are ill only in imagination ; or that if there really be any sickness at all it will leave you as soon as you get up and eat a good meal. There may be a good deal of truth in this, but— " You may lead a horse to water, But you cannot make him drink.."' Some one has said,, and very truly, too, j I think, that if the bitter recollections of our first sea voyage never faded from our memories wo'would never venture off the land a second time. But 11 kindly interposi tion of something akin to forgetfulness re moves what would otherwise be a permanent trouble on our minds ; and so we shall go on travelling by sea to the end of the chapter. And it is the same forgetfulness. that per vades our business transactions, racks, our commercial institutions, scatters depression broadcast throughout the land, keeps our insolvency commissioners employed, and eternally and everlastingly lowers our status as a sound and prosperous business com munity, When making a second purchase the fact is too frequently forgotten—or, if not forgotten, no heed is paid thereto-—thai what was purcLased some time previously Las not yet been paid for. I think the large wholesale Louses are blameable to a very great extent for many of our insolvencies. They send out their travellers who cajole struggling storekeepers to. favour them with large orders in return for which bills payable * four months Lence are given. Would it not be more satisfactory to all concerned to abolish this system entirely ? Of course it would ; but it is useless worrying one's self about it because it never will .be. And as a I natural consequence there will be failures to the end of time that might easily Lave been averted. In a few days the English cricketers will be the lions of the hour ; and on the same day that this gets into type tliey will no doubt show a thousand or more people at Moss Yale Low to play cricket. Of course everyone is going to see tLe matcL and take with tLem a prepared speech of congratula tion for each of the Bei'rima dis/riot twenty two for doing so well, notwitLstanding that there will bo more goose-eggs than one could comfortably eat at a respectable merl. Be this as it may, the display of brilliant cricket will be more the less ; so as lovers of the good old game wo are going to. have a fill on Wednesday and Thursday. For a member of the weaker sex Mrs. Bolt has been worrying herself a good deal lately about the safety of the Bowral school of arts; and she positively asserts that Ler anxiety will remain undiminished until the proper authorities certify the falsity of those unpleasant rumours wliicli Lave beon circu lated of late about this notable structure ; or else take tho necessary steps to remedy the defects if there be any. I don't know why Mrs. Bolt should be irritated in the matter " unloss it is that she has some friends who . are going to sing at the opening concert, and she is apprehensive that the tremen dous applause of a crowded house will lead to disastrous results. But seriously speak ing some reliable report as to the safety of the building should be made public. The people seem to be awaiting something simi lar to this being done; and as they are themselves wholly concerned in the matter, why should they not positively demand an inspection of the work by a competent and disinterested officer ? BEN BOLT. I 