""EOIES OF MELBOUIRNE. (Br THE OGHOsT.) Durting the wedk the pondulam of public opinion has oscillated between peace and war with singular regularity. The London special correspondents told os onone day lant all hope of a pacific solution of the .f.hmn difficulty had beoon abandoued,only to tell us twenty- four hours afterwards that the prospects of peace were bright ening, again to inform us that war was looked upon as inevitable, and yet once again to contradict themselves, and next day cable the news that Russia was backing down and there would be no fighting after all. This latter announcement is doubtless correct, for when neither party to a quarrel is desirous of coming to blows, there is generally no recourse to hostili ties.'Mr. Gladstone aparently is quite ready to "cave in" and concede all Russia re quires, and the Czar has no occasion to re sort to arms when lie can achieve his ends by diplomacy. The unexpected, however, often happens, and our ally, the Amseer, may take it into his head to defend the in tegrity of his own frontier, in which case England would be bound to assist him, and thus draw the sword which she is evidently so anxious to keep sheathed. Meanwhile it is satisfactory to know that the mother country is now in a state of preparedness in regard to both her land and sea forces,and ready within a few hours of the cry of havoc, and the loosing of the dogs of war to assume offensive opperations. The lion " conchant" can at is moment's notice he transformed into the lion " ram pant," for in very sooth Britons may now re-echo the patriotic boast, We've got the ships, we've got the men, we'vo got the money too ! p refrain in which, according to all ac counts, the Russian Boar would be unable to join. And it is,moreover, satisfactory to know .hat Australia is also quite prepared to " mrke it hot5' for any Muscovite cruiser that may be rash enough to pay us a visit. The Defence Department has been unusually active. The South Channel Fort, the key to the works at the Heads, is making satisfactory progress, and in the course of a few weeks will be ready to re ceive its armament of heavy guns ; and the lighters to be sunk to block ths en trance to the West Channel are all ready for sihing at any moment. Moreover,the "hbreach" between Lieut. Colonel Sargood and the " imported" military officers is hardly of thle "imminent deadly" kind mentioned by Shakespeare, and has, it is said, been healed by "mutuhl frienis." When tlhe firebells throughout the length and breadth of Victoria ring out thh pro concerted signal,calling the colony to arms, we shall certainly be ready to give our foes a warm reception. The foolish way in which full informa tion and a detailed plan of the harbour defence was made public by the leading metropolitan morning journal has been the subject of much adverse comment, and is indeed a matter for deep regret. Patriotism has on this occasion been made subservient to the love of pence. In any Europeau country except England, the publishers of the information-so useful to an enemy-would have expiated their treasonable stupidity in a gaol. Decidedly, "they manage these tlings better adiroad." The Civil Service Commissiondra are ap parently bent upon justifying all that the opponents to their appointment in "the Assembly ever said against them. Secure in their position they are autocratic and overbearing in their demeanour towards the Government employes in a way which most certainly will hardly win for them the confidence or esteem of the large army of.State servants. Their finding in regard to Mr. Lutz, the engineer of the scheme for supplementing the Geolong water supply, is both arbitrary and unjust. The person at whose door the failure of the works rests is undoubtedly Mr. Couchmnan, one of the Commissioners who was at one time the head of the Water Supply Depart ment. A judge in his own case is certain to be prejudiced, and in the instance in point the acquittal of Mr. Lutz meant the condemnation of Mr. Couchman. So the subordinate went to the wall-has in fact, been requested to retire from the public service, while Mlr. Coucllnan retains his position, and incurs no penalty at all for a fault that was all his own. Scapegoats have ever been required since the days of Abraham. Should the Minister in clharge of the department confirm the finding of the Bloard, there is certain to be a re-hear ing of the matter directly Parliament meets, andt Mr. Couchman will certainly be "hauled over the coals." The classifiers appointed under the Education Act are equally unfortunate as their confreres, the Civil Service Com missioners, in earning the respect and goodwill of the teachers with whom they are called upon to deal. Some four hundred appeals against their decisions in regard to the classification of Victorian schoolmasters and mistresses were lodged. As the appeals were, however, heard by the same gentlemen who had previously recorded their decision, few of them, it will easily be surmised, were successful. Ilow indeed could anything else be qx pected? The appeal from Philip drunk to Philip sober has always been an unsatis factory proceeding, and the classifiers and judges of the appeal have done nothing to weaken the appositeness of the old saw. The Malpas divorce case is certainly entitled to take rank among the Victorian causes celebres. For eightoen days it dragged its slow length of details along, and after all, as regards the petitioner, will have no otlher effect than diminishing his wealth by some five thousand pounds. The lawyers do not often now-a-days make such a good haul, nor for that matter jurymen either. The twelve " good men and true" each received one pound ,cer diem for the first three days, and then two guineas a dlay for each diurnal attendance, besides being able to witness the proceedings at their ease, while the crowd of spectators that filled the Court could only at great personal inconvenience manage to hear what was going on. The most that can be said of the defendant was that she was "a bit larky." The trial of William sBarnes, the self confessed mslrderer of Mr. J. B. Slack, has resulted is the conviction of the pri soner, and the pronouncing of the death sentence. Wihen before thle jry the cul lrit withdrew his plea of guilty, and de nied tlat hlie was the murderer; circul staoces were, however, too strong against him. His story of the deed was confirmed in the minutost details by the evidence, and tle gallows, wshich but for Barnes himself would hlave been cheated, will now receive its due. Assuredly hemp wus never put to better use tlna it will be when tihe loose tightens roun I the neck of the mur derer Brnes. If the Ministry were in hopes of being able to learn from tihe utterances of the andidlates for parliamentaryhonours in the electorates of Avoca and Mlandlurang Ihow the eat is likely to jump when Parliament meets, they must be somewlsat disap pointed. HIowever, tlhey may congratulate themselves that none of the candidates have ventured to avow thessselves as oppo sitionists. All are Ministerial supporters, snd preplared to support tlhe expendituru incurred in poreiparing tihe defences of the colony, aud the various acts of omission said coninissiins of Mnr. Service and hIis colleancs. Tie speeches dlelivered to the electors are of a mild and milk-and water kind, different from thle fiery orations of candidates in the pre-coalition days, whlen nothing but hIighly-spiced speechces were de rigueur, asnd politicians wcere nothing unless violent. It almost goes without saying that an electioneering contest in Vietorias could hardly take place sitllollt bringing out as a candidate one of the brotlhrs Gaunison.ii Accordingly Mr. WilliaIm Gaunson is in the fieold for tihe hvoca. This aspiring yung gentleman has ailready, on eisht different occasions, Ioffered his services to an unappreciative country, on five of whlich, not receiving the fillfth of thle nubcer of votes polled by the lsuccessful candidate last on the poll, he has forfeited his deposit of £50. Apparently, however, he goes on, never succeeding, insonsiblo to rebuff, and as pertinacious as Blruce's spider. 'Perhaps on the thirteenth time of nasking hoe may prove ns successful in attaining the object of his ambition and its £300 eor annum--as was the his torical arachnoid. 