SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. RACING. Members of the Victorian '1 rowing Club are notified that their annual tickets entitling them to admission to the Esternwick course, must be applied for to Mr Haydon, the secretary, prior to Saturday next, that being the opening meeting of the current year The general entries for Wednesday s Echuca meeting must be made this ( Tuesday ) evening to Mr L St L 0 Upon, the secretary, at headquarters. A public meeting was held on Saturday afternoon, at 1 lack s Ballan Hotel, for the purpose of fixing the date of the Ballan annual races for this year, and of electing stewards and officebearers Mr T O Inglis was voted to the chair and after a careful perusal of the existing list of racing fixtures in the Auih alaman, so as to avoid clashing with any other race meeting, the -15th March next was chosen as the most amiable date A list of 11 stewards was agreed on, together with Mr I Clarke as judge Mr H Densley, starter, Mr Geo Dengle), clerk of the course, Mr V T Barnard, handicapper, Mr Geo 1 lack, jun ; hon. treasurer Mr T 1 lark s resignation as hon secretary, owing to his departure from the district, was accepted, and Mr Sep Cooper appointed in his place The first meeting of the stewards will be held on Wednesday, 28th inst, when the programme will be drawn up, and in Inserted in The Aust) sustain MOONI 1 VALLEY JANUARY MEETING Notwithstanding the postponement from Saturday) there was a numerous gathering at Moonee Valley yesterday) The weather was delightful, a cooling southerly breeze tempering the heat of the sun. The fields did not suffer to any appreciable extent from Saturday's untoward circumstances, and, taking one thing with another, Mr Cox had after all, little to complain of V field of 11 opened the proceedings at 2 o'clock for the nil Stakes, with Dunlop as a very hot favourite at the last moment, though the early birds got on at even money The favourite was taken to the front on the fall of the flag, and although Bolivar soon got on terms, he was shaken off in the final run and easily beaten backers were equally fortunate in their fancies next time, for Never Mind Her, starting at all sorts of prices against the pair opposed to her, had no trouble with Little King in the straight, Sunstroke having turned completely round when the flag fell 'The winner was sold to Mr Hamill for 50 Sovs , half of which went to the race fund, the owner of the second horse taking the other moiety 'J en sported silk for the Brunswick Handicap The betting was a series of rapid chances, but at last Amelia Victoria and Salvo went out at 4 to 4 each incentive, with Stationer, held command of the situation, till half a mile from home, when the latter dropped back, and Amelia A lemons coming with her character issue promptitude when called upon in the straight, won cleverly by half a length The Indian Buyers' have, another "elling event dwindled down to a quartette, of whom Primus was served up hot at 5 to 2 but Hopetoun upset the good thing, and came to the rescue of the fielders with a 1 to 1 chance The winner tell to the bid of Mr C hand of Carlton for 00 says a bonus to the lessee, as he was entered to be sold for at the afternoon s racing was brought to a conclusion at 5 o'clock with the Coburg Handicap A field of 13 faced Mr Matson Two or three horses alternately figured as favourites , but at the last moment a brisk run was made in Berkeley a favour, and, as showing no mistake had been made, he came through his horses very fast down to the turn for homc.anddetcatcd Tichbourne cleverly by half a length, whereby) backers wound up a very profitable time of it Details - -llTAb STAKES, Of 40 6018 five furlongs Mr A R Robertson is the Dunlop by Neckersgat -I- tea 2 v ra Tut, carried 7st 2lb (Before) Mr 1 Dowling s b (g Bolivar, 4) yrs 7st 111 (Shee han) 2 Mr S Miller's br t Walmer 2 yrs, 9st 111 (Mackintosh) .. S Mr li Butler's g m Maori, aged, 7st 4lb, carried 8st (Butler) 0 Messrs Brooks and Burn's b m Idalia, 6 yrs. 7st 111 (ii Barr) 0 Mr F Morison u ch c Vasco, 3 yrs 7st- 8lb (T Brown) 0 Mr A L Johnson s b o Jackdaw, 3 yrs, 7st off, (Cape) l 0 Mr T Walker's b g Glitter, 6 yrs, 7" lb (A Blair) 0 Mr A Vullina eli ( Peut-Ltre, 3 yrs, 7st Gib (MaLnamara) 0 Mr H Haines 9 b g Assurance, 5 yrs, 7st. 8lb (By men) 0 Mr li 1 Phillips s b or br- C D , 2 5 yrs, 7st. Johnston 0 Betting -2 to 1 on Dunlop, 7 to 1 agst Jackdaw, and 10 to 1 against Sarina. To a straggling start Dunlop got a clear advantage of his field _ D bdiiL, last to move III a furlong however, Bolivar had Joined the favourite and the pair raced along In company to the home turn, half a dozen lengths in front of Marina, the rest tailed off in the straight Dunlop test the best of Bolivar and won easily by a long. til w first Wal and finished third a length and a quarter from Bolivar Vasco was fourth, and F D last Turn, far as new -as after Of losers A eight for age Winner to be sold for 100 Sovs Half the proceeds of the sale of the first horse over the selling. price to go to the owner of the second horse. I Iv o furlongs Mr M 1' WhitE s b m Never Mind Her, by Blue Peter Gipsy Girl, 6 j rs, Oat 61, nil (H Brown) 1 Mr C Wilson s b g Little King, aged, 9st 5lb , nil (r Barr) 2 Mr J Simson's br g- Sunstroke, 3 yrs, 6st 8lb , carried 6st 8lb nil (Bruce) S Betting -5 to 1 fat "rat 6 to 4) on Never Mind her, and - to 1 agst Little King sunstroke turned olLan round, so soon as the flag fell and the favourite and Little King ran together along the back and into the straight where the latter (on the rails) momentarily held the advantage but being done with was eventually beaten easily by a length. Sunstroke came in some "time after Time, has 4's the winner was sold to Mr Hamill for 60 sovs. THE BRUNSWICK HANDICAP, Of 50 Sovs SR furlongs Mr Phillips s b or br f Amelia V IctorTa, by Talk of the Hills Princess of Prussia, 4 yrs, 7st. 5lb (Sanders) 1 Mr J Cripps's ch. a Salvo, 3 yrs, "7st. 4lb. (T Brown) 2 Mr H Hoysted ns c g Ariel, 4 yrs, 6st 10lb (Cracknell) 2 Mr J Whittingham a oh h Ironmaster, 5 yrs, Sat 10lb (Murphy) 0 Mr It Batt) a eli o Umberto, 4 yrs, tat. Dib (Burton) 0 Mr W Lang's br li Stationer, a yrs, 8st 8lb (Boase) 0 Mr J Wilson's, jun , bro- I O U, 2yrs, 7st. 5lb (Moore) 0 Mr S Mahon's br g Suncroft, 4 yrs, 7st 2lb (Mahon) 0 Mr J G Heywood's b g Moab, 4 yrs 7st 2lb (T Williams) 0 Mr S Miller's b f Ulalumo 2 yrs, 9st. 10lb S'w one) ) 0 Betting -4 to 1 agst Amelia Victoria and Salvo 5 to 1 agst Ironmaster 6 to 4 east Umberto and Ariel, 8 to 1 agst stationer and I O U Salvo on the inside, got best away, followed by Sta tion of and Amelia victory, whilst Iionuiastor and Bancroft were last the latter falling further away. In a couple of furlongs also held his own, closely attended by the two named to the far turn, where Stationer beat a retreat and Unit into Ariel Ulalumo and I O U became the followers of Salvo and Amelia Victoria between a home however the issue is) as the till), on the outside got fairly on terms at the distance and, after a good finish, won cleverly by half a length Ariel was third, after a wide tap, and then succeeded I O U and Ulalumc, with "numerous last. Time In his INDI IN HUNTER'S RACE, Of CO sovs. Weight forage Winner to be sold for ISOhOva Four furlongs Mr S Miller a ch 2 Hopetoun h) 1 stomach) r Princess 4) to nil 'st 1918 (Mackintosh) 1 Mr O M Robertson s cb g Primus, 6 yrs, £20, Oat Bib (1 launching) 2 Mr P Dowling's!) g Plato 4 yrs, nil, 6st 7lb carried On Dib (Cracknell) S Mr 0 li cm) a b li Sir Charles, 5 yrs, £100 gstSlb (owner) 0 BE sent -5 to 2 on Primus, and 4 to 1 agst Hope town Hopetoun and Primus went away together and speedily . faced a big tap botwion ttictiibilves and the other two The same need together to the turn, Hopetoun on the rails whilst the favourite went wide A capital race home ended in a victory by three quarters of a fourth for Mr Miller's gelding was just to the best of fair Charles on the post, as both were pulling up lame rols COBURG. HANDICAP Of 30 Bom Four furlongs Mr H Haines she Lirkelo) b) W oolauial-Lady Manners-Sutton 3yrs e (lib (T Brown) Mr T Jones's b c Tichbourne, 4 yrs, 7st Gib (Blair) 2 Messrs Brooks and Barr's b m Dais), 6 yrs 7st. 7lb (Barr) t Mr It is 0) stud na eg Ariel Tyre, 7st 4lb (Crack nell) t Mr A L Johnson is one Albanus, 2 yrs, 8st Dib. (Flannagan) 0 Mr J Hamill 9 br m Hesperides, 6 yrs, 6st Gib carried Out 8lb (Birds) Mr D M Robertson scr Bonnie Fortune yrs, 7st 3lb (Moore) 0 Mr W I_ou"li) s br li Stationer, flags Hat Dib (Boase. 0 Mr J Whittingham s oh Ironmaster, 5 yrs, Oat (Murphy) 0 Mr J' Kelly's b h hint Charles 6 yrs 7st 5lb (Sanders) 0 Mr R Phillips s bo Chan lots 4) rs 7at (M Donald) 0 Mr M.P White) s b m Never Mind Her 3 yrs 7st (R Brown) 0 Mr S Miller's br f Pyrette 4yrs 8st 12th (Odds) 0 Betting -4 to 1 (at drat 0 to Dates Berkeley 6 to 1 last Stationer and Tichbourne 0 to 1 east Albanus, 7 to 1 agst P) Lette and Borne I order b to 1 as King Charles and Ariel Itihbourrc Pyrctto and Stationer jumped off in a blue and ran together to the far turn and down to the land where Berkeley who had come very fast joined them Well into the straight Pyrcttc was beaten and the favourite getting on terms with rich bourne defeated him dev trip) by half a length A length and a half behind Tichbourne Daisy and Ariel made a dead heat of it for third place with st 1 ) rette was next, and Chandos lost Time 55s GEELONG RACING CLUB The following entries and payments were made with the secretary yesterday afternoon - STEWARD'S PURSE Mr A F Sullivan s grain lately aged Mr J D Robertson echo Dirk Hatteraick, 4) am Mr J) A Robertson a cb h Country man 6 yrs Mr D M Robertson s b h Coronet 6 yrs Mr J O Robertson a like Precious stone, 4 as Mr J 1) llobirtaonsb c Anchorite 4) to Mr T Lowe) s b m Belle Brandon and Mr S G Cook's b f Elliabct j Garrett, 3) rs Mr J Wilson s b c The Be) 3 yrs Mr J Wilson's b of Little River, 4 we Mr K l'hllllD3Sbhhit_,u--)e« 6 yrs Mr R Cowell's bestrode 3 yrs Mr T Join, s si) Bohemian 5 yrs Mr I 1. Dak n s br c -orion Ho) o, D jr» Mr R How losses in Venice 5 yrs Mr M J Hurricanes by Little John, 4 yr Mr J M li trenchant s b o Ventmore 4 yrs Mr W J C like a is of Vernet 4 yrs Mr A i BiaiWiaw storeman 4 yrs BELL!, O STAKES. Mr D VI lloborsonschf Bonne Fortune, Syre, of) Mr D M Robertson s ch g Prince 3 yrs, nil Mr J W Jason s b c fe airbrake 2 j rs, nil Mr H B Hodges eh li Hcsptrlon aged, nil Mr J Wilson s eli of Ferns d I j as Mr J V. Wilson's ch c Hampstead, 2 yrs COLD CUP (ACCEPTANCES) Mr G Davis's b m Catherine ages Mr D M Robertson s b li Colstoun fires Mr J D Robert on s tic Anchorite 4 yrs Mr D M Robertson s b h Coronet 3 yrs Mr b G Cook's b h Amateurs 6 j as Mr I Wilson s (jun ) ch h rockwork G yrs Mr J NU on s (jim) he MR or Kim, 3yrs Mr J V also s (jim ) eh in Conjecture j in Mr H 'lilUipashh Kit "wholes Bayldon W 1 career s b h. Plausible 6 yrs Mr M Jacobs's b h Hilltop 5 15s Sir W T Clarkesbo Athenian 6yrs Mr J V. are s cb h Irraloe 6 yrs COUld WAHHB I I VTr Mr J D Robertson s ch h Royal Irishman, 6 J m, I" Mr J Wilson a b o Stonebroke 3 yrs nil Mr J Wilson s h of 1 Fernside yrs Mr J A Wilson's ch c Ham) stead, 2 yrs J D Kouivoov, bec. G R.C. ELSTERNWICK PARK RACES The following are the entries for these races, to take place on Saturday, 24th January - MAIDEN TROT, Purse of 15 Sovs, harnessing for colonial bred horses which have never won an advertised prize. Two miles One 01 mt A sweep of 1 sov to go to second horse Mr F E. Colbath br t Will be Win, asked, by Smuggler Mr li Williamson's b of Derby, 6yrs, by Young Stockham-Lls¿j Watson Mr P G Rudd as from Blueskin, 6 yrs Mr I J Upjohn s bogey June, asked Mr W Walsh's b m Maud, Djrs Mr W Branch a ch g Julius Csar, aged Mr D Collins', g in The Ruler, 6 yrs Mr O C Hall's bur i their, loss Mr P! Lacaton s b f Maison Dore, 4 yrs Mr L Grimwood s ch g Condowie, aged RAILWAY liVMJICAP, Of 50 sovs Five furlongs Acceptance, 1 Boy. Mr A Halinbourg s is of St Lawrence, 4 yrs Mr F Mortison s h o Vasco, B yrs Mr R. Batty s el o Umberto 4 yrs Mr (J H Heads b of Mr contain Ijvsb, 2 yrs Mr W h Powers b I Estrella, 4 yrs Mr J Cripps's ch o salve, 3 j as Mr A Saqu! s b g Anagram, 4 yrs Mr J Simson's on in Seaweed, is a- vir V Laugher e br li Stationer, 3 yrs Mr W Langley s br m Man, U J is Mr H h Kerr's by Mrs Jarlej,4yrs Mr J Munro son Honeycomb, 2 Mrs M A L Johnson's ch c Albanus, 2 yrs Mr li Phillipson Chandos, 4 yrs Mr D Robinson such li Perle d'Australia, 3 yrs Mr J G Heywood's b g Most, 4 yrs Mr R G Talbot's bri Violet, 2yrs Mr 1' Kelly s b h King Charles, 6 in Mr S Miller s br f PS Lette, 4 vi- Mr S Miller's br Ulalume, 23rd Mr T Patterson's b g Warbler, 4 yrs Mr li Haines a b of Berkeley, 3 yrs Mr J Dwyer- br g Bourbon by Sign, 3 yrs Messrs M Brooks and Barr s bail Idalia, 3 yrs Mr L A Lane-. b f Agatha, 4 j as Mr J O Reid's ch g The Ghost, age Mr W M Cox's ch g Imperial, and Mr G S Cook's chg Elizabeth Garrett, 3 yrs Mr J Whittingham s ch f Honora, 4 yrs Mr J W hlttinglinm s ch h Ironmaster, 6 yrs Mr D M Robertson a cb 2 Bonne Fortune, 3 yrs HURDLE RACE, Of 60 Sovs One mile and five furlongs. Acceptance, 1 cox Mr W Fraser's b g Conundrum aged Mr R Conolly seen t Alice aged Mr W LoekschKStrujeler aged Mr G li Bennetts but the Baron Oyrs Mr A. L Johnson such an Littler 5 yrs Mr G Qlayacock s br t Don Alonzo 3 yrs Mr R. O Talbot such (J Rob Roy aged Mr O Benson s ch c Knit her 4 yrs Mr P Kellys but Concord and Mr R Butler's t m Maori aged 1 Mr T P Paterson s b o W Ambler 4 yrs Mr J Dwyer's b h Glowworm h) Glorious 5 yrs Mr J Patterson's br e Boroondara, aged Mr P Whitty s b is Old Soul 6 yrs Mr Thomas White's oh t 1 who said Mr J W Kirk's b m Maid of the Mist, 6 yrs Mr W S. Cox s b o The Chief, 4 yrs NOVEL, SELLING It VC!, Of 60 shots Six furlongs Weight for age Winner to be sold for 125 sovs 7lb allowed for every reduction of 25 Sovs in selling price The owner of the second horse to receive half the proceeds of the sale of the first horse over selling price At constance, 1 sev MrS Mahon s br g Suncroft, 4 yrs, by Morning Star Pauline (1.25) Mr A Davis's g m Josephine aged (£21) Mr C Irving) s b h Sir Charles 6 yrs (6,0) Mr J Simson's br g Sunstroke 60 in Mr It lhllllpaubc Chandos 4yrs (nil) Mr T Jones s b c Tichborne 4 yrs (6. 6) Mr S Miller's ch g Hopetoun 4) rs (nil) Mr S Davis's bfAtiUtc 4yrs( j) Mr J Div)0rsbrg Bourbon b) sign 3 yrs (nil) Mr S Mahon s b g storehouse J yrs (nil) SCHILLER SE, Of 75 sovs. Second horse to receive 10 sovs. out of the stake. About two miles Acceptance, 2 Mr J Lyons's b g Tame, by Postmaster, aged Mr A Johnson s b g Our boy aged Mr It Batty a for re g Deceit or later. Mr K IN Ellis's b g Mystery) and Mr D Smith each e Bl archway aged Mr W I cek s ch g MrugUu rated Mr A H Bennett. b h The Baron 3 yrs Mr W A Henshaw' g g Hector aged Mr J Dw) cr s ch g Mac 6 yrs Mr G L. Dickson's ch g Erin, aged Mr T. Watson b g King John, noted Mr J G Held a dig Clifton, aged SELLING RACE, Of 60 miles Half a mile in eight for age Winner to be sold for £125 7lb allowed for every reduction of £25 in selling price The winner of the . list Selling Race to carry) 7lb extra Any surplus over selling price to go to the funds of the club Acceptance 1 son Mr O Every s b h Sir Charles (£50) Mr H K Kerr, of Mrs Jane) 4 yra(£60) Mr J Hamilton bo Lottery, 3)ra(£2j) Mr A. L. Johnson s b o Jackdaw, 3 yrs (£26) Mr T Jones 8 h o Tichborne 4 yrs (100) Mr C Wilson's b g Little King aged (nil) Mr S Miller's ch t Hopetoun, 4 ) rs (nil) Mr S Miller 8 bro The I I) cf 2 yrs (£76) Mr S DavisBbf Agitate 4 yrs (£50) Mr M P Whitty's Never Mind Her, 6 yrs (nil) Messrs. M Brooks and Barr, br m Davis) 0 rs (£60) Mr S Mahon s but Stoncbroko 3 yrs (nil) Mr D M ltobcrtbonschf Bonne Fortune, 3 yrs Mr D M Robertson such a Primus, 6 yrs ELSTERNWICK PARK 1 LATE Of 76 Sovs One mile and a furlong, and a half Second horse to receive a 15 sovs out of the stake Acceptance, 2 sovs. Mr A Davies g m Josephine aged Mr H Fisher's b m Impulse 6 yrs Mr H Fisher's b g Miles 4 yrs Mr T Colic j s b in Belle Bran i Ion aged Mr A Hallubourg-br o Acolyte J yrs Mr A F Sullivan), b Lately added Mr It Battj such a Umberto 4 j as Mr J Simson's br a I el man 4yrs Mr W Langley s br h Sir onor 0 yrs Mr W Langley a br f Mary 0 in Mr J Harris s b in lies] rides 6 yrs Mr R L Billing s b or br of Air of a Victoria 4 yrs Mr G Glasscock such a Distiller 4 yrs Mr J Harper's b g, Uncas 2 j as Mr R Haines s bro- Gipsy s Warning 3 yrs Mr J Dwyer- by li Westbury aged Mr J A Lang's all of Curban le 4 yrs Mr J G Reid's ch m Grace Darling 5 yrs Mr J W hi.tlngham such h Ironmaster 6 yrs Mr D M Robertson s b h Coronet, 5 yrs ARARAT TURF CLUB MEETING The following are the handicaps for this meeting which takes place on the 4th and one of February - LADIES BRACELET st lb I Achilles Mrs Farley TJiersites Aylesbury Hector Dott Postboy Brenda Sunnyside Jack 1 11 1 12 0 2 12 0 li li 11 U 15 14 15 16 Antelope A secret Aco Blue Mountain Banjo W oodblne feature Prattle Paul Peter at lb 11 7 11 0 Odd Trick Irralce Sir Patrick Achilles Vii ago Lady Wilson Quilt 7 11 7.10 7.10 SUvHord Seahorse Sink, i c, Tuud -Ion Little Minister King George Eva Irraleo Stafford Achilles Seahorse Freshwater Grand Duchess Mrs Jarloy Dott Thersites Selkirk Diana Olivette Hector Autocrat Magpie Jack a Antelope Lady Loch Aco J King George Sunstroke a Satire Woodbine Banjo Eva 1 rattle Paul Fedor * -BAND STAND STAKES Irralco 2. Quilt Seahorse Mrs Farley Antelope Mickey Free Lion Jackfacatldal First Mate Brenda Starfish 9 2 Ace 7 11 Sunstroke 7.10 lillian 7 6 Woodbine 7 2 Scorpion 7 1 Peter 0 12 Paul HURDLE RACE. still . Union Royal Mail Goodwood Mickey Free Satire Kiss Me Quick Odd Trick created Sir Patrick Pirate Lady Wilson Quilt Grand Duchess Aylesbury little Minister Sunstroke Lilian Scorpion Achilles Mrs Farley Sit knit Fund hingston Thistles Post of) July 20 11 8 I [ Jack Scandal 10 1: Lion 10 11 Oculist 10 11 11 7 I Woodbine 10 11 7 Blue Mountain 10 11 4 I Little Minister 10 ' Li \ ow Lts HandicapPer 