A MYSTERIOUS MURDER. ; 1'aiit I. ' - Somewhere in the North Biding of Yorkshire ' is Darkhurst Manor, the ancient residence of the Catholic family of Yanstone. Darkhnrst ins belonged to the Yanstones from, time im memorial ; parts of tlio old honse are supposed fo'date from the early Norman period; there is n cbspcl on tho premises wherein are laid the bones of generations of Vnustoncs, and for mile? round the head of the house is looked tipnn as o sort of petty king. Tho family has never enjoyed a very good reputation for the humbler virtues. The Vans tones, as a rule, did not rare much about respectability. Tho men H ere generally soldiers, sailors, or aimless wau- Acfcrs ou tho faco of the earth, and the women were frequently the heroines of scandals in high life and causes ri' Hires. No Vanstouo ever turned priest or lawyer. The old house itself seemed to suit tho tone of its proprietors. It was a grim, forbidding looking pile of irregular buildings, with a gloomy lake in front, and n. mass of thick trees ou oitlicr side. Iu the 6tiff, formal garden thero was a mausoleum, nud one or two railed off plots, supposed to be tho tombs of loug forgotten ancestors. .Tliero was not snollirr house of any description within more than a mile of Darkhnrst, andon one side a wild stretch of moorland caino up within a couple of hundred yards of tho grounds. Needless to say, Darkhnrst was haunted by a more than the ordinary allowance of' family, ghost. Tnoro was a white lady, nud a gentle man who habitually carried his head in his hands; there was a blood stain on. floor of a musty attic, and a sort of bansheo in tho kitchen garden. Tho Yanstones themselves had long since become inured to ghostly visitauts and supernatural manifestations, and nervous; ser vants wcro promptly discharged with a month's tvoges and scant sympathy. When Owen Vonstone succeeded to tlio family property by tho unexpected death of an elder brother no one had tho faintest idea in what part of the globo ho. was to bo found. After a fow months, however, spent in diligent search by private detectives, the new squire was discovered in a quiet and out of tho way comer ;of Italy. Ho was a roving, good for nothing vagabond, this Owen, and nohodv was much Eiupriscd to hear that, while in Daly, ho had contracted a Bomewhnt undesirable marriago with a daughter of the country. Some people said that she was the discarded wife -of a roue nobleman, some alleged slio was the daughter of a Calalrlau innkeeper, while others went so far as to assort that sua was tho actual head of a flourishing hand of brigands Owen Yanstone had only two relations who could ho expected to ham any trustworthy information on the subject —his mothor and a married sister. But old Mrs. Yanstone lived by herself in a lonely dower hooso, and was ai stern, uncommunicative woman ; while Lady Dolby was yachting with her husband. in foreign seas. So the local gossips were fain to bo content to await the coming of the new heir and his ntysf erions bride. In due time they arrived, but without the cus tomary rejoicings, triumphal arches aud ringing of bolls. A telegram preceded them only by a few hours, and tho uousokoopcr nt Darkhnrst Manor was terribly fluttered at the shortness of the timo. left her for preparation. However, die managed to get things straight ' After a fashion, nnd, knowing her master's ex ceedingly awkward tomper, die took good caro not lo make any complaint whon ho appeared. _ Yanstone had not improved by foreign travel. Ho looked a good ton years older than his ago, Which Mr. Bell knew to bo thirty-three. His fac«i too, seemed worn, and there was a canons oxprosston in his eyes, a watchful, sus picious expression, which was somewhat . unpleasant to meet. His wifo, of course, accompanied him, and there was an Italian maid ami a cosmopolitan valet. Tho lady lopkod tired aud cross, hut she was certainly very handsome, and by no means impressed : the Darkhnrst household with the idea that her birth was cither lowly or obscure. But sho Was a foroigucr, and spoko littlo or no English, did not take to her kindly. Irhy, they asked, did Mr. Owen bring his wifo home iu this hole-and-corner fashion uuless he was ashamed of her ? 'Die. few comity families in the neighbor hood of Darkhurst called upon tho Vanstones, ns in duty bound, hut their civilities met with little response. Tho now squiro seemed to be a gloomy, moroso man, and his wife SjSirccly ever appeared in pnblic. Stories of the most extraordinary description circulated nbont this _ curious couple, hut Vaustone was evidently iudifferout to public opinion, nnd determined to go his own way. So far as tho could -judge he and his wifo wcro Affectionate enongh after their own fashion, oho was marvellously beautiful, and he was sometimes almost extravagant iu his devotion. Uceasionly, however, there was a violent quarrel, passionate reproaches on his sido lieiug followed by outbursts of hysterical weeping on j!c> and then for weeks together tho two lived almost apart, speaking but rarely, aud meeting only nt liical-timcs. As timo went on i, f.K a mtl moro Ireful at Dark- jLu no quarrels were rarer, nnd Mrs. Yanstono as soen more frequently out of her owu house, i eoplo began to think that, after all, tho Von- stonos would reform, aud hecomo decent nud useful members of tho countv society. The more charitably disposed said that it was lateral enough for Vimstono to keep his wife iu fcoluwon nutil she kuow tho Knglish lnngnngo. ami Iiad soma opportunity of learning British Manners and customs, It was about six montlis nfler Owen Vanstouo co.nlla to Darkhnrst. Corcr-slmoting was it,:"", .1,c I"wl Kno 80 far fts to "sk two or a to ''dp him to slny tho pheasants. 1" ,hft "wad-keeper, and his assistants had wen anxiously watching tho well stocked pro- ' c , . wceta, dotcmrinnd that their master's . j®t impression of tho sport at Darkhurst should » & good ono. Oue evening curly iu October, Cords was strolling through tho homo covers, a quarter of a mile or So from the raannr, when lie caught sight of a dark form among the lrccs. The sturdy Yorkshireman at nnco thought of poachers, nnd crouched down iu the underwood to got n hotter look nt the stranger. He was a curious sort of poacher. IIo wore n slouched hat of a kind Cords had never seen, and was wrapped up in a long dark clonic, which left nothing of liirn visiblo except a pair of high boots. Cords did not like tho look of him at all, and at once concluded that ho must have felonious intentions upon either tho pheasants or tho plate. So he crept a few paces nearer and waited. Tlio stranger appeared to have missed his way; lio glanced about in a perplexed fasli'on, nnd peered amongst the trees as if in search of a path, Presently he scemod to hnvo made up his mind, "and started off towards the house. But it happened that he took the direction of Cords's hiding place, and half-a-dozen pnees brought him fairly up against that worthy, as he rose from tho ground. " What art doin' ycro," growled Cords, making a grab ut tlio other's collar. The stranger drew hock with considerable agility and n muttered oath. The keeper, nothing dauutcd, advanced to effect a capture, bnt tho other suddenly produced a long and very unpleasant looking knife, brandished it in the keeper's oyes, and, as he hesitated ion instant, dived into the underwood and disappeared. "If ar kl'on'y had ma goon, my fine gentle man" cried Cords, as he plunged after tlio re treating figure. But pursuit in tho gathering darkness was hopeless, aud the keeper went on his way, feeling exceedingly, savage and some what small. Another 200 yards, and the gamo- keqier emerged on a long, straight ' drive lead ing to tho manor. As ho did so ho started again, and instinctively clutched his stick, for straight'in front of him was another' figure. But a glance satisfied lijin that this timo it was Mr. Yanstone, and not tho block cloaked stranger. " Good ervenin', sir," said Curds, " have you seen anybody about ?" "No." ' "I mot a queer loukin' chirp iu there ; uicbbe a poacher." " Wliy queer-looking ?" asked Yanstone, " Well, lie had a black cloak on, a soft hut, and tall hoots. Carried a knife, too." "You met a man just now lik'o' that'?" asked Vanstoue, speaking voiy slowly ; " did you notice anything else about him ?" Cords thought his master's voice sounded hol low aud strange. Ho could not sec his face, bnt be heard his brcafh como quick and short. "Ho had black eyos and curly hair, like a organ grinder." A passionate oath broke from Yanstone ; lie said no more, but strodo rapidly towards tho house, muttering to himself, while the keeper .followed at a respectable distance, groatly woudering at his master's siugular eihotion. Mr. Vaustone entered the front door, while Cords betook himself to tlio servants' hall, where he greatly interested and alarmed a group of ad-- miriug servant girls with a graphic description of the mysterious trespasser. He did not, how ever, say anything about this effect which the apparition" Iiad produced upon his master. That evening Mr. Vanstouo ordered his clothes to he packed, and announced liis inten tion of going for a couple of days to London. He seemed to he on particularly affectionate terms with Iris wife, and spent tho evening in her boudoir. The next morning he drove off eariy in his dogcart and caught the first express south. _ Tho night alter Yaustoue's doparturo was wild and stormy. The wind swept across the desolate nioor and whistled dismally among tlie long dark avenues, Tho servants .sat up later than usual, the more woakminded ones being afraid to goto bed, while the case hardened -old butler told grim stories of the Darkhurst ghosts, and mightily enjoyed tho effect his narratives produced upon the shudder ing circle. Ono of the youugcr footmen, who had but recently arrived from London, was par ticularly awo-strickon. Ho sat in open mouthed horror wliilotho stories of tlio white ladv and of the headless gentleman were unfolded to him. " Lor, Mr. Booties," ho at length ventured to remark, " 'ow ever dare you stay in such a 'ouse ?" "Bocanse I knows when I've got a good berth, you young jackass," growled the butlor, and James 'Flint subsided into sileiico' amidst the giggling of tho servant girls. But when James retired to his somoivtot narrow bed he found it utterly hopeless to attempt, to Bleop. He lay awake for hours, qnakiug with fright at every successive moan of the wind, and waiting in agony for tho npp'caranco of tho ivhito lady through tho rattling window or tho croaking door. The night was 'interminable, and the footman vowed that nothing would induce him to stay in. such a terrible nousc. At .'length, just as lie was on the point of falling asleep from shoer exhaustion, a sound broko upon his ears which seemed to freeze his veiy blood. It was a woman's shriok, a despairing mufllcd cry which no wind could evor produce. It sounded a long way off, but James Flint thought It miist bo close upon him, and with .a' yell of abject terror ho sprang out of bed and "rushed towards the butler's room. Ho could hear Booties snoring, and ho burst in without further ceremony. " Oh, Mr. Booties 1" he' screamed, ' "Murder, murder ; somebody's boon killed I"" Tho butler awoko deliberately, and struck a match. ' "Ob, it's you is it? You infernal young idioJJ" " For Heaven's sake come aud sco what's tho matter," whimpered the boy. " Go to the devil," rejoined tlio butler, blow ing out tho light. "Have you never heard tho hatish'eo? Go back to bed, und if you wake ma again Fll skin you alive I" ' So" Jauics crept back to his bed and lav shud- dering with fright until daylight. Bnt' when Tercsina, the lady's maid, "wont to call lior mistress in the morning, she rushed out of the room with a terrible scream, and fainted dead away in the passage. The othor servauts gathored round her awe-stricken, and, for some timo uo ono dared to re-eutcr tho chamber. At. length came tho housokecpor, who, fooling the necessity of shoving a brave front, hardened her heart, and headed a small expedition of dis covery. And this is what sho saw : — 1 The room was in complete disorder. Drawers had been smashed open, jewel cases shattered, and ward robes forced. There had evidently been a terrible stiaigglo, fur ono chair was broken to pieces, aud the earpe.t had been torn up in places. Tho window was wide open, nnd the sash was marked by muddy boots. Lying half dressed across the bed was Stephnnia Vanstouo, dead mid cold, her splendid eves almost forced from their sockets, and staring upwards in glassy horror ; her fnco bine nud swollen, nnd her snow white neck blackoned by murderous lingers. The terrified women could sco that she had been strangled, for the marks of the villain's hands were plrnnly visihlo. There was blood upon tho carpet, and, on looking moro closely tlioy saw that tlio un fortunate lady's jaw had been broken, and three or four of her teeth kuockcdontbya tremendous blow in the month. Mrs. Bell stornlj- silenced tho chattering o£ tho 'younger sorvante, and sent a groom for a. doctor and tha police, while she arranged the room, and decently covered tho body of bor luckless mistress. Presently tho doctor and tho local constable arrived. Mrs. Vaustone was past human aid; she had been violently strangled, most probably by a robber whom she had disturbed in tho act of stealing her jewels. The policemen agreed with this theory. It was perfectly evident. The man had scaled the ivy covered wall and opened the window, Mrs, Vahstone hod surprised him, and he bad murdered her. Moreover, he had got clean away with his booty, for many valuable jewels were missing. Dndcr the window there were the marks of feet, and here the constable found something which almost solved the- mystery, a black, slovenly hat of foreign make, such as is — or might be — woraby waudering Italians. Cords, tho keeper, at once identified this hat ns exactly resembling that worn by tlio mysterious cloaked stranger in the wood, and loudly bewailed his carelessness and bad luck in not having sncceeded. in capturing the hiuderons ruffian. But lamentations wore useless; tho constable took dowu all he .could gather from Cords, aud the available police force, aided by dozens of volnntoer detectives, at once began to scour the country in search of the foreigner, A telegram had, ox course, been sent at ouco to Mr. Yanstone, and, later in tha day, ho returned to tho manor. His wife's horrible' death had already produced a ranrked effect upon him. His face was ghastly pale, wrinkled, and worn ; tha suspicions look in bis oyes was so intensified as to bo absolutely painful ; and the servants whispered to them selves that liis hair hiid turned perceptibly grey. He went straight up to his wife's room and re mained there a good hour, during which Mrs. Boll, who remained outride to warn off inquisitive passers-by, heard moro than one groan of anguish, and wept silently in sympathy with her master's terrible grief. Presently he came out with a white set face, and inquired if a Bcnrch was being, made for tho assassin. The housekeeper noticed for the first time that he wore his right arm in a sling. ' Have you hurt your arm, sir," she inquired. " Can I do anvthing ?" "Nothing,' he answored carelessly. "I have only broken a finger — got it jammed iu a cab door," and hp showed her his -hand hound np and in splints. For the next fow days the entire local popula tion, nbdseyeral specially summoned detectives, searched unceasingly for tho . murderer without the least success. An inquest was, of course, held ; hut no fresh evidence transpired. There was really none to bo given except that of the gamekeeper and of the toll-tale Hat. No one md tho least doulit that some wandering ruffian had forced his way into Mrs. Yanstona's room in hopes of plunder, nnd had murdered her to pre vent an alarm. So a verdict was. returned of ' ' Wilful Murder against some person or persons unknown," and tho Darkhuist mystery was relegated to tho list of undiscovered crimes. After his. wifo's funeral Owen Vanstouo went abroad, his address being kept a ' secret from every one hut his solicitor. The manor was shut up, and tha servants paid off ; tho house wasleft to the hats and owls, and the country people gave it a wider berth tlian ever, and spoke iu awe-struck whispers of tho ferriblo shriek , which on dark and- stormy nights was heard to echo through the wing where the murdered woman had slept. Taut n. Teu years passed, and. still the master of Darkhurst wandered abroad in ankuown lands : tho uianor-honse fell into decay; and tho groimds became a desolate wilderness ; tho Italian "murderer seemed to havo vanishStl from.the face of the earth ; and the death of Stephanla Yanstone was as .much of a mys tery as over. Ahont this period it happened that a Tery learned Scotch "Professor, by name M'Canoiform, was' making a walking tour through Yorkshire, with a view of verifying his thoory that a certain rare fern grow in "that county in a wild state, and of covering with confusion his friend and rival, Professor Stamen, who stoutly maintained that it did not. Mr. M-'Cunoiform spent a day or two in exploring the country round Darkhurst.. It was wild and rugged, sparsely populated, and out of tho "beaten track of tourists, and therefore afforded a very happy hunting- ground for. the enthusiastic botanist. The Professor wandered over the moors until lie approached within half a mile of the deserted manor, and then, wonderful to relate, he discovered his precious fern. He was tired, hot, and dnsty, bat ho cast his black felt hat wildly into tho air, and "danced for joy liko a schoolboy. . Sitting down, lie grubbed up the plant, . and transferred it curoiuUy into 'the recesses of a tin box wliich he carried slaag across his back. Then ho began to sketch out tha treatiso which ho. would- write to obliterate Stamen, and as he thought of -it he grew qnite excited, and waved his arms as if he were addressing a crowd of enthralled students. Unconsciously lie seized tho tin box, and with an unusually cnorgetic gesture his fingers relaxod their hold and the box flow several feet -away," and dropped among the heather, Tho. Professor at'oncosprang to hisfeot in great excitement,, and rim to regain his. treasure. Two stops brought Him to tlio spot where the box had fallen ; ho bent forward to pick it up, but suddenly drew hack in terror. At his feot yawned an ugly dark, hole, a dozen feet in diameter, no doubt an. old pit shaft. It was only by a miracle that he had escaped- falling into it His box had certainly gouo down, and ho gazed into tho gulf with mingled disappoint ment at his loss and fright at his narrow escape. But the Professor was an obstinate man ; and, as soon us ho had rccovorod his presenco of mind, he cast about how tho precious box was to he recovered. "I wnilna loso 't for five pun' !" he said, iu a hurst of onthusiasm ; aud, marking tho place with his pocket handkerchief, ho sot off to look for assistance. In the course of an hour or so lie succccile-l in getting a couple of laborers, a quantity of strong rope, und a hoy, who volunteered, for a consideration, to ho lowered into tins pit. A sort of wind lass was improvised, nnd tho hoy was scut down on his mission. Yard after yard of rope disappeared, and still the bottom was not reached Atdeugth, however, it became slack, and a moment Inter was violently agitated, "Pull un oop," said the men ; and tlioy ap plied themselves vigorously to the windlass. Presently the boy. appeared, hut the box did not. Tho youth was pale with terror, his hair bristled on his head, and, for a long time, he could not articulate a word. "Wliat's awa' wi' the laddie ?" said tlio Pro fessor, imputiontly. "Boo — hoo," blubbered the hoy, at length, "ar's soen t' ghost !" "Ghost be liongit 1 What do ye mean ?" But nothing could induce the hoy to utter another word. He lay down in the heather, howling and shaking with terror. The Pro fessor grew frantic. "D'ye think your rope will bear mo?" ho asked; "I'm no' that heavy." Tho men thought it would ; so Mr. Al'Cunei- form tied it firmly around bim, and descended valorously into the pit. After a long interval lio reappeared, beaming with delight, and bearing in one hand tho precious box, and in the othor an object which caused tho Yorkshiromea's eyes to open very wide indeed. " Men I" ho cried, breathlessly, " I'm in luck! Hero's my box, and here," he con- tinned, throwing the singular object on tho heather, " is a human skidl I" At the right of tho skull the boy blubbered nfresh, and the men stared at the Professor in amazement. ' " Dinna glower like that, ye fules 1" cried M'.Ciuiciform, getting very "idiomatic in his excitement, " I mun toe the lave o' tho duel's banes, sae lower awa' 1" In two more journeys the undaunted Scotch man managed to bring up nearly the whole of the hones, with certain other objects hardly less curious. Thcso were a few mouldering pieces of black cloth, several battered and discolored fragments of jewellery, and a long, rusty knife. The Professor was hugely delighted, and per sonally escorted his booty into the nearest village. _ Tlio news spread abroad, and the country inn was speedily thronged by crowds of gaping rustics. For some time no light was thrown upon tho mystery, hut at length one man, wiser than, his fellows, bethought him of the murder at Darkhurst, of the protfling Italian stranger, and the robbery of Sirs. Vau- stone's jewels, The Professor listened with much interest while the countryman told him tho molancholy story. " It's as clear as daylight!" he cried ; " tho murdcrin' villain was rinnin awa' owcr tho moor and ho fell dooh the pit. He's cheated tho gallows, but the vengeance o' the Lord over took him." . And he quoted a certain conplct from Horace, which begins lUtro antecetlentem ccelestum. And so the Yanstone mystery was cleared up. Tho papers were filled with narratives of the extraordinary discovery, articles were written, and sermons preached on the well worn Eaying, " A murder will out," and the country people wagged their heads solemnly, and piously crossed themselves as they told "their children of this signal instance of providential retribu tion. . Naturally enough the news was at once conveyed to Owen Yanstone. who, in duo time, wrote to the local papers to express liis thanks for the amount of sympathy which had been accorded to him, and his profonud relief that his wife's murderer had met with the fate he deserved. Aud not very long afterwards," to tho great surprise and pleasure of the neighbor hood, he announced his intention of ' returning to his own country, aud settling ou the estates of his ancestors. He had had enough of wandering, he wrote to his solicitor ; lie was getting to be a middlo aged man ; at tliree-and- forty it was time to give np aimless globe trotting, and to lead a more sober and useful existence. Moreover, as tho murderer of his beloved wife had at length been discovered, and was beyond tho reach of the law, he had no longer any object in making search for him in his native country of Italy. So Yanstono's agent was instructed to report npon tho stato of the manor, with a view to its being thoroughly reuovated, and, where necessary, rebuilt ; a house was taken for him in the immediate neighborhood until tho repairs should bo com pleted ; and tho country people began to look forwnrd to his advent with interest, as likely to afford a new sensation to their humdrum lives. In a month Vaustone returned. He was look ing old and weather beaten ; he tod grown a grey heard, and his face was as wrinkled as that of a man of sixty. But his figure . was still upright and elastic ; he was as active as ever, and. the strange, hanntcd look lied gone from his oyes. He took tho keenest interest in the restoration of tho manor lionse. Money seemed to bo no object, and, as month after month slipped away, the' tottered old house nnd grounds became transfigured, ami begun to ossnmc the trim and orderly appcaranco of a nineteenth century mansion. Yanstone was, of course, made a J P., and attended to his duties with much zeal aud regularity. " He was evidently trying to efface the recollection of his turbulent youth, .and the country people were only too glad to second his efforts, and to welcome so eligible a sheep into the fold of re spectability. Ho hunted three days a week, and rode wonderfully straight for a man who had lived so much abroad ; he was an excollcnt shot, and a very interesting, though somewhat silent, companion. Moreover, he hod about him all tho fascination of a man who had done and suf fered miich, and, in spite of his wrinkles and grey hairs, tho ladies unanimously voted him charming. There was but ono thing wanting to add to his popularity in the connty, and that was that he should take to himself a wifo, and revive the traditional hospitality of Darkhurst Manor. It was , about a year after Yanstono's return, and tho restoration of the old houso was prac- tically completed, when it was annouueed that tho master, of. Darkhurst was engaged to he married to Miss Moiidip, of tho Priory. Van- stono Had at length done His duty, and every body except a few disappointed' mninmoc ac- kuowledgod" .that he -could not havo done it bettor. Miss Mondip was a young lady of considerable attractions, and some six-and- tiventy years ; she was an only dangliter, aud an heiress iu a modorato way ;sha was also a Catholic, and of irreproachable lineage. No thing could ho moro suitable, and tlio county showered 'congratulations ou the heads of the fortunate and well nintchcd couple. Vanstouo seemed to be devoted to his future wife, and on her part Sliss Mendip was ob viously very deeply in love with her chosen husband". Tlierc was 110 reason lor any delav. and tho marriage was, therefore fixed to take place iu a couple of montlis' time. The trous seau, of course, hud to ho bought, various finishing touches hud to be put to tlio Manor house, and lengthy settlements had to be drawn up. So Vaustono took np his quarters at the Priory during tho interval ; und lie nud Mr. Mendip, a hard riding, huid drinking, old- fashioned squire, formed a great at tacbment each other. The wedding, day was fixed ; ana Yanstono had given a larga and somewhat dis orderly bachelor party nt the Manor, before again becoming a- Benedick, The day -before the ceremony Mr. Mondip and he agreed to dins quietly together in the new home, to sottle few final details. "It is rather a nuisance," said itfr. Mendip to Yanstone, that morning ; " hut I shall bava a priest staying with me to-night. I don't mind leaving the rest of them, for tlio wife "will do nil that's necessury, but I've ouly just heard from Lee, and I am afraid he will think it rude, as lie doesn't know Mrs. M." "Bring him with you by all means. By tlw way, is that the Lee who used to be at tha . Oratory?" " Yes, tlmf is the man. A youngish fellow, bnt nncommonly clcrcr; bound to get on, I hour." And Mr. Mendip shook hands with Owen, and rode off smiling. But. the squire of Darkhnrst stood looking ; after him with a very odd expression. His faco ' was deadly pale, his breath came short and quick, find his right hand clutched at his breast. Tho old hauuted took was in his eves, as it'bod been ten years ago. Presently, "however, he turned on his heel with a sneering laugh and went hack to tho manor. The three men dined together in- a comfort able little room leading out of the dining hall. Everything had been changed within the fori two years. The fnrniture was entirely new, and the fittings were modem and comfortable, instead of being ancient, picturesque and in? convenient, Air, Mendip was in excellent spirits, and Yanstone, too,- kept up the conver? .stttion with unflagging gaiety. He drank, moreover, somewhat moro than nsual, and pressed the old port upon his visitors anfil Mr, Mendip laughingly remonstrated. "You're in raro form to-night, Owen," ht said, " bnt you really must spare na. Keinem? her what we have to do to-morrow." " 1 " Nonsense t A man Hoes not get married every day, and a few bottles of this will never hurt you." . " By Jove, I believe yon !" answered Mendip', with a sign of satisfaction ; "it certainly fa a grand wino. What do you think, Lee ?" The priest noddod assent. Ha tod drunk more moderately than his companions, but with evident appreciation of the vintage. He was silent, reserved num, though an excellent com panion when he chose to exert himself, and that evening he was hy no means indisposed to take Ids share in tho conversation. And so the evening slipped away. Mr. Mciidip fold dozensof stories, mostfyol a sporting characters Vaustone narrated many curions experiences of his foreign wanderings" ; and the priest occa sionally interposed with a remark or an 'illustra tion, which proved him to be an appreciative listener. " You've certainly seen some queer sides of life, Owen," remarked Mr. Mendip, as Yhn- 1 stone finished the story of a singular adventure - in Calabria; " but we hare not had a tale frouti- you yet, Loe ; now, of nil men, I shodld think a priest could tell an interesting stoiT.'' . " No donbt I could, said" the ' Father, smiling ; "bnt our secrets are not our own, as a rule." " I'm not asking you to divnlge the mysterios of the confessional," laughed Mendip, " at- . I thuugh we are nil good Catholics here hut yon really must humor me. Come, 1 can't excuse you." "'Told hi the Confessional ': a sensational drama, in one act," cried Yanstone, laaghing boisterously. Air. Lee sat silent a minute or two as if In thought. : "As a matter of fact." ho said at length, " . "the story I meant, to tell yon was one of tho confessional. It Is a long timo ago,- and I don't see what harm it can do. espcciaUj as I could not tell yon the names of the actors," oven if I wished to. It is not a. pleasant - story," he continued mnsingly. ' , "Como Lee," said Air,. Mendip, "doal torture our curiosity 1" " Well, as you insist," replied tlio priest, " I suppose I must oblige you. It happened a good many years ago ; I will not say how many, for obvious reasons. I was a very young priest then, and I must admit that being a beginner I was exceeding nervous about heariug con fessions. Ono dark evening in November I was sitting in tlio Orutozy Church in the confessional box, waiting for penitents. For some rearim or other I feltTery depressed. I have, been sub ject to fits of low spirits all my life) bat that afternoon I remember I was oppressed by some thing of the nature of a nightmare. Presently I heard a hurried step outside, and tho verger, ushered a man into the penitents' side of tha . confessional. Of course, I could not see him> but I know ho was a raau by his step, and from his breathing I judged him to bo strongly agitated. As he made his confession his voica - occasionally failed him, and tlio partition between shook with the violence of his emotion. I will tell yon, as nearly as I can, in Iris own words, what I heard, and you will judge for yourselves whether I have not got reason to remoinbor tho terrible story, ' A year or two ago,' ho said, ' I was in Italy. I met there the "loveliest- girl I ever raw iu my life. "Sho was tho daughter of on Italian nobleman, who had been ruined in the war, aud was reduced to keep himself and his child by fanning jffcvr acres of ground in a remote country district, I was travelling aimlessly about with a gun'anda sketch book, and I chanced to become acquainted with tho old Alarchesc. We soon became - friends. Ho was a man of culture and education, aud to meet one with whom he could exchange ideas was a . keen pleasure to him. I fell in love with tho daughter. She, I fancied, returned iny passion, and her father did not discourngo me. One day tho old man met with an accident and was carried homo dying. On his death bed ho entrusted his daughter to me, tod- a week or two after his- death I married lier. She was lonely, friendless and beautiful, and I thought ehe loved mo \Yo lived happily enough for a few months, and thou I found out that I had made a terrible mistnko. The knowledge almost drove mo mad. She tod already hail a lover, who hod deceived and deserted her, and, with a woman's perver sity, sho clung to the memory of this faithless scoundrel, and despised my devotion, while she apathetically endured my" attentions. I am a prond luau, nud the discovery poisoned uiy Imppiuess. I grew jealous, irritatile and sus picious. I would not trust her out of my sight, and I soon made her as miserable as myself. Presently 1 discovered that this man had . been seen in the neighborhood, nud I found a letter w tiich ho had written to tier. I was nearly mad with jealousy, and I had a terrible scene with my wife, By threat® and entreaties I mndo her vow nover to soo or write to him again; and, shortly uftorworila wo left the country nn<t enme to Euglnnd. But I' could not trust her. I thought she was pmiug niter her old lover, and if she wanted to, mix in society I fancied she was anxious to roplnco him. And so wo lived for a few mouths, At length I found that my fears were ttcU grounded. She had corresponded with the scoundrel, and he had dared to come to Eng land to seek her. I knew that argument was useless, so I left my home, meaning never to re turn. But I miscalculated my own strength. In spite of her f reaclicry I could not help loving her, and jealousy caused me to suffer tho torments of hell. So I came back by stealth in the dead of night to watch her. It was dork and stormy, and he I entered my own ground I thought I was a fool to torture myself over one worth less woman. I half turned back, determined to let hor go her own way. Would to God 1 had done Sol But I saw a light in her room, and the devil tempted mo on. Iler window was open, and 1 climbed up the ivy and looked in. What 1 did next I know not, hut in a second, r,e it seemed, I had him by tho throat, bio writhed liko an eel and tried to stab mo with his stiletto, lint I wrested it from him, and drove it into his heart. The struggle was over beforo sho could interfcro, but when \- sho saw him fall sho threw herself upon his rly with a shriek, and kissed ids dead faco. it had not been for that I would have spared her ; hut I was possessed with tho fury of a madman. I struck hor In tho mouth as sho turned to reTilo mo ; I strangled her with my hands, and I threw her lover's body into a coal pit.' '' The priest paused a moment, for, as he spoke, there was- a singular sound iu tho room— a muffled, wailing skriek — which filled him with a strange horror. He glanced nervously at his companions, who did not seem to notlco the mysterious sound. Vanstono was staring ap parently into vacancy ; bis eyes looked like fhOEO of a hunted beast, and drops of perspira tion stood on his forehead. -Mr. Meudip was (razing at his future son-in-law with an expres sion of helpless bewilderment. 2 " My story affects yon," continued the priest, ' It was a fearful crime, hut I know ho re- Sicntcd bitterly. Whon I gave him absolution to bogged some small token of remembrance rom me, and I handed liim a littlo crucifix." Tho speaker seemed for a moment to havo again forgotten his hearers, and his thoughts were with tho past. A sudden exclamation from Mendip broke tho silence. " Owen!" he cried, " what's the matter, my hoy 1 Good God I don't look liko that 1" Tho prlost started, and turned towards his host. Vanstono's faco was positively llTid, his features were distorted with pain, and his. hand was Eressed over his heart. Ho tried to smile, and is lips moved, but the only sound which, canio .from them was a sort of gasp as he fell back in his chair. Both Leo and Mendip sprang to their feet, " I'll send for a doctor !" cried the old man, rushing into the hall. Tho priest seized Vauslonc's wrist, and \- dashed water in his faco. There. was neither breath nor pulsation, and with desperate ongcr- ness ho toro open his shirt at tho neck to givo him air. As ho did so, Father .Leo's , fingers caught in a chain, and his oyo fell on a small dark object. It was a littlo crucifix, and when the priest saw it ho started with horror and fell upon his knees bcsidctho body.-, ;','God bo merciful to mel" he said. "I havo revealed tho secrets of tho confessional, and this man's blood is upon" mv head !" — 'jjkth. 