THE ENGLISH NAVY. Times, Dec. 3rd. 2Saval dominion is for Englishmen not an imperialist ambition, but a vital neces sity of national existence. English colo nies and English commerce, and the in dustrial system for which we draw the supplies from abroad, could not continue j to exist on sufferance. Like public cre dit, all this system is, in a certain sense, artificial ; it rests on the basis of a convic tion that England possesses irrevocably and beyond challenge the control of the seas. Lord UCorthbrook. like all other | Admiralty officials, may be unwilling to j admit the thought that this centre of our national energies can he endangered by ktsping the Isary Estimates low, while j otner nations are augmenting their ex penditure in that direction. But Trhat are we to say to to his own figures ? Thi3 latest official comparison of the navies of France and England shows that the former Power will next year will have 31 heavy-armoured vessels afloat against 40 "English ships of the same order. The margin is already perilously narrow when we consider that the English Kavy has to defend a world-wide empire, and to pro tect a world-wide commerce, while the French iSavy has a much more limited task. Moreover, as Sir Donald Currie Dointed out in last night's debate, even "at home the duties of the English fleet must be infinitely niore complicated and aborious, in the event of war, than those of any continental marine. The United Kingdom has 3000 miles of coast line to defend, while France has only 1200, Ger many 700, and Italy 1500. The responsi bility of safeguarding the trade entering the Thames, the 3Iersey, the Clyde, and the other great waterways of commerce, including a large part of the food of the people of this country, is beyond all com parison heavier than that which a war would impose on the navieE of ths con tineatal States. It must be added that the strength of the French armored fleet is by no means the only element to be brought into the calculation. In the dis cussion of the United Service Institution it was suggested that the fleets of Italy, Germany, and Austria were together not far from equal to that of France, and a combination overwhelming to the Eng lish power on the sea becomes, on this as sumption, at least a possibility. "Whether ihe additions to the fleet contemplated by the Admiralty will be adequate to restore the balance, or rather to incline it, as is indispensable for us, to our side, may be left to the country to judge. We are glad, at all events, that Lord Northbrook has been moved from the attitude of ob stinate non possumus which he took up during the last session of Parliament. All that the department has now undertaken to do is in itself excellent, and we may hope that public opinion will be vigorous enough to quicken the astonishingly de liberate pace at which it is proposed to get the Tvork done. Sir Edward Reed ought to know in what time any ironclad ship can be built, and he affirms that three years are ijuite long enough. Lord orthbrook insists upon four years as the minimum and reckons on spending five, as indeed the experience of the Admiralty, which rarely, if ever, keeps its promises in this respect, entitles him to do. But we think the country will demand that, when the urgency of the case is admitted, some means should be found to avoid an expenditure of time which is, as has often been proved,at once dangerous and waste- I ful. A beat.th or fine yovzLS.— The literary world must observe that of late the supply of novels of any intellectual worth is very limited. Since Daniel Derooda, nothing has appeared to create a ripple on the surface of the stream of fiction; Good creations are rare ; so nothing has been introduced into , the market since U'olfe's Schnapps that can j compare with the unrivalled elixir. Always I askfor Wolfe'* Schnapps. I MURRAT AND T.avman'S FLORIDA "WaTER : I unsurpassed for Handkerchiefs. Toilet, and j Bath. Highly fragraut. | Bristol's Saesapaeilla gives a smooth kin , cures rheumatism, and all diseases of the blood j tumors. The Test of Actual Trial.—This is what proves the merit of a preparation. The pro prietor of Green's August Flower, knowing its valuable properties, meets this test boldly by : preparing sample bottles of this remedy, which are sold at Gd. This enables doubters to try its virtues at a trifling expense. August Flower is a panacea for Dj*spepsia and all disorders of the Liver, including Biliousness, Indigestion, Sick Headache, Costiveness, etc., etc. Three doses will relieve any of the above, and a faithful use will certainly cure. jSo medicine in the world has ever given such proof of its merits. I/ruggists recommend with perfect confidence and physicians pre scribe it regularly. Pr ce for full sbed bottles 2s Gd. Bold by all druggists. A Card.—To all who are Suffering from the errors and indiscretion of youth, nervous weakness, early decay, loss of manhood, etc., I will send you a recipe that will cure you, free of chaege. This great remedy was discovered by a missionary in South America. Send a self-addressed envelope and six-pence to prepay postage to the Kev. Joseph T. Inman, SUtti c Kcvs York Citt,, U'S.A. Ghosts.—An attempt is bein made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the won derful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost: "How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread for, of all the ghost pro ducers, a bit of 4theavy" bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold iUedal Baking Powder in making bread; for, although it won't4'raise ghosts," it trill raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every wise store keeper lias it by him, and every good housei wife buys it 