MISCELLANY. The Land of the Golden Fleece. BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA. 1 - ACROSS THE PACIFIC. Continued. (From the S. M. HERALD.) ; Tho first. week nt sea, and that sea the Pacific. Well for tho first four days wo. rolled, continually. No,, white crested, waves, however— no waves, indeed, at all —only ono vast undulating surface of smooth blue sea— a sea of molten glass, so to speak, but in wbicn you rolled con- somcdly.-If tho good ship "Australia .would only havo pitched a little, now and again, by: the way of a change I I have tbo fortune, or misfortune, never to be. seasick, - and n lively game of ocednio pitch and toss will occasionally improvejybury appetite ; but tho Aus tralia declined to pitch— just then, at least— sho would not even get her screw out of tho water and " race ; sho only rolled for.aboat 18 hours out of every fourand twenty. Apart from the mono tonous movements, there was plenty - to see and- plenty to ' do. There were your fellow-passongers to observe and to study . to begin with. Let us hope that they derived as much amusement — I will not say. instruction— from ob serving and studying me,' as I did from tho observation and study of themselves. They were, with few exceptions, a very hearty; genial, kindly set of companions,' and I. especially havo a pleasant remem brance' of tho ship's doctor— a most experienced maritime medico indeed, who tended nie most kindly during o horrible spell of bronchitis and spasmodic asthma,- provoked by tho sea-fog which had swooped down on us just after wo loft San Francisco But tho doctor's prescriptions, and the increasing warmth qf the temperature as wo ncarcd the tropics, and, in particular, a coupje of Alcock's poroua plostcrs clapped, on, one on tho chesti and another between the Bhoqlder. blades soon put mo right again. The doctor wqb a New Yorker —a member: of un old Knickerbocker family. Ho lent mo American hooks to road, and had an inexhaustablc storo of American " yarnB " or coinio stories to tell; in1 fact, we had a notahlo body of good ' stoiytollors on board among whom were '.conspicuous sundry v drummers, . or reprcsontaiivcs oi American commercial firms, bound for Australasia, there to push their wares. I do not know whether I am a jadgo of genuine humour. Possibly I am liotbing whatever of tho kind ; but I can conscientiously declare that I hare heard more excruciatingly laughable stories from American "drummers" than I have read in any of the printed compilations of: professional transatlantic "humour ists. " Let mo givo you brief samples of. bagmen's drollery. You know the American expression, " You bet your pile on that," — meaning, make yourself quite certain as to such and each a matter. .Well, tho story is of a knot of jovial spirits who went out on a hosting excursion, and during tho cruise one of tho inorry party fell overboard and was drowned. . The luckless wight was n married man ; ahd tho troublo was to decido how tho mournful news of his un timely fate could bo best imparted to his bcreavod rolict. One of tho party, a sporting character, volunteered to make tho sad communication in &n; unexccp- tionally delicate and considerate way : and, bis offer being accepted, he hastened, on landiug, to repair to tho house of his deceased friend. It chanced that tlio street door was opened by the wife of tho deceased. " Well, widder," began the delicate and considerate breaker of sorrowful tidings. "I'm no widder 1" indignantly retorted tho poor lady, all unconscious of hor irreparatablo loss " You botM" : continued tho delicate and considorate friend. Tho other Btory re lated to an American hotel, in a city very far West indeed, and which for a long timojlmd been very poorly patro nised. Ono evening, to tho groat joy of the landlord and his clerk, !a guest, in tho shnpo of a dry goods " drummer, " arrived at this almost deserted hostelry. According to' custom, tho traveller on bis arrival inscribed his namo in the book which always lies open for that purpose on tho counter of, tbo of&cb.; An apartment was assigned to him; when, turning, to the clerk, he exclaimed, "Why, there are a couple of. bed-bugs crawling about the pages of the register." " Bed-bugs, " arotliodisagrccablo insect known in modern polite, . English ns "Norfolk Howards," or gentlemen in brown." " Yes," replied tho hotel clerk, with much equanimity, to his interiocuter " I guess them bed-hugs are prospecting around for the.numbor ,of your room." Possibly, the story is ..many centuries oldor than the oldest of .Joo Millers; but I know that it made mo laugh very heartily indeed ; and tho . oftencr - and the longer that you l&ugh; on. a long ocean voyage the botter, I vonture to think, it will bo for yooraclf and your fellow-passcngesi- There - was, to he sure, a slight drawback to our thorough enjoyment of; sociability on hoard ship, inasmuch as the Australia was infested by a small but determined gang of what I maytcrm Fiend Children— American children, I am sorry te say ; and I am sorrier to add that they were all tho children of saloon passengers. There were several well . enough conducted babies in the steerage and a few .toler able toddlekius in the intermediate cnbin ; bnt a more exasperating set of littlo desperadoes maloand female, than the first- class brats it. would be difficult to imagine. I ara/passionately fond ' of what Leigh Hani used to call "the small infantry who go/ to bed jby daylight, " nod Lknow thai I lovo, and fancy that I understand, tin pretty ways of ordinary children ; but when " tho small infantry" assume the aspect of so ninny diminntive Znptiehs and /Bnshi-Bazouks in minia ture— when ifiey decline to. go to bed by daylight or by lamplight either, until they are drifen like sheep r into their berths— whes from suuriso to supper- time they noTer desist from;impish tricks,- the " small/ infantry '' becomo to you objcots, not of intcrost and. sympathy, bat of tornjr vand horror. . The leader of the gMgi >?was; an Attenuated: i girl- demon of about nine or .ten. : ' She and the isallow-jfnccd little goblins whom she Icd; made our lives miserable.:: Thoy rati races. in thc saloon ; tboy inado raids on tho steward's pantiy ; they - blocked up the compnnion ; thoy worried; tho cooks in tho galley ,; they raised commotions in the forecastle ; they sprawled: about the hurricane-deck, stopping np,,:with yells of exultation, the. ventilators' which should have gfyou little air to the hapless passengers sweltering- in the' cabins below ; they perched on the tnffrail, aud were in continoas peril of tumbling over board ; they hang on to the rigging, and made Gordian knots of carofully-coiled ropo j they burst into tho smoking room and disturbed tho quietude of tho five gehtlomen who wore constantly playing pokor in tho divan ; they ran between uio legs, uuu nn uuu ueatroyeu mo equi librium of tho smoking-room steward, who periodically brought drinks to the fivo pokcr-playcrs ; they overturned tho deck- chairs, .and made, holes in its awnings ; they derided rebuking quarter masters, and would havo spoken to the man at the wheel had he been accessible to speech ; .and all this they did, not in tho exuberance of infantile animal spirits, hut in a sheer spirit of wanton turbu lence and " cusseuness ".wholly unchecked by their manias or 6thor:fomale relatives, who were cither too seasick or too lazy to look after anb control their demoniacal offspring. Our captain 'was shocked bat ho had the navigation of his ship to attend to. The purser had never seen such children, .ho .avowed — sinco ibo last run froni . 'Frisco ; to . Sydnoy I should sny — ; the doctor admitted that bis small compatriots were just a littlo worse than Australian "larrikins" children ; tlio American lady-doctor and her sister— both unmarried ladies— were, scandalised nt tho ill-behaviour of this troop of small rirntcs of tue irncific, and suggested " spanking " all round as a cure for tho evil ; but it was not untill late in. tho voyage, we bad had ono or two good "northers"' and a prospect of a ".southerly burster " that is to say, stiff gales with a heavy sea running— that seasickness came to onr aid, and for awliilo partially paralysed the actirity of vUCSu .imps ui. wiiu v. wUuii i The officers on board 'tbo Australia wero, of course, all white men, and<-very fine fellows. Tho first officer, was a strong Conservative who had worked his passege ont beforo tho mast from ! Iiivcrpool to 'Frisco, simply becanso ho did not care about wasting tho money which lie had saved, as a passenger from tho Atlantic to tho Pacific. His cabin whs charmingly decorated, including nmong its works of art n portrait of his sister ; and I hope that when I next meet that plucky first officer lie will bo Captain Somebody, and will havo aban doned the deleterious doctrines of Toryism. Tlio purser was a canny Scot and nn advanced Liberal, and kept somo admirable wbisky in bis cabin, whitber I would oftentimes retreat to smoke tbo pipe of pcaco — for tho smoking-room was rendered almost nninhabitablo by the persistent poker-playing of tho fivo gentlemen from tbo States — and to oscapo from tbo Fiend Children. But, with the exception of a tow lending sen- men and ongincors, tho crew wcro nil Chinamen. Captain Ghe&t; told me that thoy mado very good sailors ; that, they woro laborious, linndy and willing, and quito nmennblo to discipline : their only forcible being n alight propensity toopium- smoking when their watch was over. I make this allusion to our Chineso crow for tho reason that sinoo my nrrivnl in Australia there has been a terrible outcry hud a strong agitation among the Sydney trade-unionists connected with shipping against tho employment of coloured; hands on board the ships of the Pacific Steam Navigation Company — the Aus-i tralia, tho Zcalandia, aud the City of , Sydnoy. The Seamen's Union, the firemen, tlio stokers, the cooks, tbo stewards, tbo lumpers of tbo metropolis ; of Now South Wales wcro all literally up in arms, against the shipping of coloured! hands on board the Zcalandia on her return trip to San Francisco ; and ! although tho vessel in question did ultimately contrfvo, in spite of the efforts of tho Union men to get away at the last, moment, and by the ekin of her teeth, eo ! to speak, with a scratch crew of white; and coloured hands, I suppose that the white Union men of Sydney will event- ) tinlly get tho best. of tho controversy-; Meanwhile, wo on board the not yet: tradc-union-cocrccd craft Australia had not only a Chinese crew, but a Chinese cook, a Celestial clad in clean white duck ' jerkin, apron, and cap who presided io the gallery, and sent us every day three sufficiently succulent— albeit slightly loo substantial — meals. All ocean-steadier cookery is to my mind, too substantial, . not to , say gross, heavy, and insipid, : This yellow chef was to me a mystery as nil his compeers whom I have mot ivitli at tho antipodes are more or less mysteries. .Tlio cook of the Australia ; liad never been in England ; and I very ! much question whether he had ever read 1 or had over had translated into " pigeon " English for bis edification a single line of Mrs Runclcll, or Miss Acton, or Lady Hooper. He did not attempt to give us any of the multifarious dishes of his natirc laud — no shark-fin or bird's-nest soup, if you ploase ; 110 dried ducks, no pickled sea-slugs, no salmi ot cat, no puppy pio. Ho did not even dabble in American cookery, of which he should havo known something. No ; his cillsine viae, with tbo occasional inter-: polation of n not entirely objectionable . currv, accompanied by " Bombay ducks," j exclusively oldfashioued English, pleoti- ) ful, ponderous, end utterly unintelligent, i How came this yellow men to know any think about beefsteak and onions, about tripo and cowbeel, about sea-pis ; and pea-soup, nboat ham and eggs, and i kidnoys and bacon— the oldest of old disliGB in the English culinary scheme ? But I havo inadvertenontly done the : yellow men one act of injustice. Heliad learnt nt least ono lesson from the kitchen of California. He could make buck wheat cakes for breakfast, quite a V Americaine; albeit wo were obliged to put up with clarified molasses, in Ben ot mnplo syrup, to lubricate our cakes withal. A break in a long sea voyage is always ; a joyful occurrence, and marks the: almost inevitably tedious calendar of yonr log with tlio whitest of white stories. To catch sight of a shark, even, ; or of a "school" of porpoises, is a kind : of relief ; while tho descent of a shoal 1 of flying fish reminds you of Voltaire's ! bitter apothegm, in which he likens unto fish that fly those men of.lettcrs who are so foolish ns to seek to shine ' in " society." "The fish that remain in tho sen hate them for soaring so high : and when they fall, exhausted, on the deck of tho ship, tho sailors knock them on tho head." Tho advent, too, of on alontross is a noon, sinco it enables you : to rub up your memories of Co'eridge's " Ancient Mariner but land — even : tho dimmest, the transient glimpse of blue — that is the. oasis in the vast expanse of tho desert of Ultramoriue, for which you must passionately yearn, i Land came at last, on the morning of tho seventh day after we left Ban Francisco. Land, first, in the guise of ; jutting headlands and promontories, then of low-lying, undulating chains of hills, glorious in purple and gold in the | rays of tho morning sun. Wo were among tho islands of the Hawaii group ; and shortly after 1 o'clock the goad ship Australia was alongside tho wharf ; in tho harbour of Honolulu. Aloha i ' It is a matter of etiquette to lie con- tinunlly crying "Aloha!" while yon ore nt Honolulu. Not being skilled in the Hawnian tongue, I am unable to state wbnt may bo the exact signification of 1 " Aloha but I take it to be a con- ) vortiblo term for the American "bully for you for tbo French On dirait d>i vcau ; for the Italian Vim la oella jitmiglia ; and tor tho Hnglish All serene. Honolulu is serencr than ever was tho sereiiissima republic of Venice. , It is the loveliest spot that these eyes have yet gazed upon — lovelier than Sorrento, lovelier than the view of the .Thames from the terrace of the Star and ; Garter . at Bichmond, lovelier thou tiacKson-square, new uneans, oy moon light. Honolulu is a terrestrial; Faradise, bat with, alas ! a fell serpent lurking among its loveliness. Aloha! I had some business with his Majesty the King of the Sandwich Islands, whom I had already had the honour to meet at dinner at Holly Lodge, Highgate,at the time when that intelligent monarch was making his voyage round the world, and for whom I was tho bearer of some pre sents from the Baroness Bnrdctt-Coutts. Tbo Saucy Alnmedo, which bad only dis tanced us by a few hours, had reported tlio imminenco of our arrival, and It was an odd surprise, and far from an un pleasant one, so soon as the Australia had come to her moorings, to fiad her boarded by n number of gentlemen hi European dress — as European dress is understood in tbo vicinity of the tropics— who after violently shaking hands, took mo nt onco into friendly custody. I hsd never seen any ono of these friends before, in all probability I shell never see any ono of them ngain, but they were all exceedingly kind ; they all seemed to be thoroughly well acquainted with the object of my mission, and they certainly mado iny four and a-hnlf hours' stay in tho Sandwich Islands a very happy one. Four and n-half hours 1 I should have liked to stay a month, and I am sure that I had nt least half a dozen invitations to " lio over till tho next steamer touched, and have a high old time but Captain . Ghost was necessarily inexorable, I was duo nt a certain date nt Sydney, aud it was impersfsrct0httlsfit»i!lfifiie»onihnu so that at arcs atujiasifills to sndeurafni tfiw fasciuating oauJTnujimiyr.f Hjinpj over and boring a lliib was iOttdeslily jjanllW into » waggnnctto in the oaiBjuwy— 511 ramsm&sv; srigfit — of an esjauutUls Rretoitetd clergyman, a ooupie of «Sst one, a augwp fnaterj and tlW Goreroor-fihmwufl si tfibe Ifamtsmi King .done, Wlbutlmr any iliriumfie mi thai mg- gonctleautendefi to saury nut I ami amis' I do not lknow ; Hist lit was snty after a number of yuteous agnails e.iu my parr, aui mwikoutawjiw, tihrtf 1 sfwnfii Ee able to Elurakte any amvfi from/ tRv Burden of iks presents Irani ike Baroness to the King, ttbat t was towsnrarily refcasstf from custofly, or, the mcthsrv Ewnrfeif over the another «it si anrfuwBEe aEpwziTs', who sliuuteJ one, as to apeak, mto » buggy drown fby two IkirflpveftoJ Ewaw, aud driven ty a &QMkKvril5rfl; ganiTsmani of uuuustsMlly Ammfem exHrastbui fm which wehMe I was snwvsystS to tho Boyol I'alaw, am ofSfae si Montr, and! of architecture jmctcnnnmo a! Ernst crpmlT- iug those of a sdltets hi sra twe rags psiaoe otsud En tudsMyEmEsntgroimd! roinhow-hued, with ttrspfstcE pBm to amf Bowery and aunranofini Ey a Effn a tons wall. There was an flnuuidl ffsnTimst fir ai scat uralom ou gucrrS at tTvu sntrancs' gate, and a Jew anw® snEfibr.s were lounging »hc««t am tvmdsrgjroiriwS apart ment which appofinritto E® fE® girartf- room.of the jalnoe; I anEseqmsntry lesrnod that Itie Jfejasty mnnvfaiha ai ooneideratSe wfflitwy smtaElrafmvent, which snakes am inyrri'tCw® appeurans® in the Hawahm aumy Eht, lite King, ot course, as gewrtdSismn? ; ami bit Exceileuty the II. 3 . (J, IbimimV, Governor of O.iiUn, amf monvEmr of tEe House of IfsMes, assKmsmtmfsv-rhwdifsf, Then there is the Kmpf# EotmsEoU guard, with a srwhua aavf (Ere® tten- tenaots, and a anSfitrry EmBrncfoir with the rank of maw, AH elks gallant warriors Isar Ifcuropoani nsvmeff. One " Hon, C, UHatson," as#m» to be a native, Tbcrs 5s the prihsor® owm artil lery oorpfy am 3 the lofawfor savafry corps,aud the Ma.mt.W.i# Mmrry, tfm Kin/aooro v.-.lvtntwv grnndk, audi the Honolulu rifles, amf 5si pitrtmnuw tEcre is the toyo Eicnfaunulsv, w Frmafam named Hsrgcr, wlw, ttetu be arrvveif at the Snndwidh Xdhmfs En i%ii, ficmf about 1 2 young mSbim wE»RaJasqmret£ some ritgrue of fsofrnimsy mi Efowrng wind jnttrnroftuts. Tlte mtopuf Ifcrr took these youpg Kdtawsuwu m> Eamf, and made ftmtihsf mtrn-mentilista of them, after the aatamcrsf «E® Ifnrasfani army, liamfiunstar liagmr R®» afso composed for the mse off lifbts sEoenfatr- skiuned'puyfle, ttlhe Kaamfistmsfra Eyman svhich Etas became ffce nstfihna anfEsnt under the title off "Hawaii Psrtof,' The hand, mow mzs&mag; twsnfyfgEt muiurian, aowgrveagrsmf snnsert onsc a week 3n Qaettu Urn.-ra-flyr«rs, amf ones' or twice a auttslEi an fismtofSEne Hawafair Hotel. TheKimgEmsassrsiradaonses week at the pidace, sal emthed'spartare of steamers on- the arrival! of foreign) war ve66vle, Hear ftnrgrf's martfat mfneerefa usually (piny a wsSotuae of sweet sounds. Noted gaects or® adsc frequently treated touompiiucntery seretrafaf, Afofvaif His Majexly .does not EstEitiratiy reevd® at tue iistyaj jramsa. me twiraiiy m- hahite a uouimo35oue waodkm Ernvgafow in the jptdose grsmats; and! to tbis' hsnlding I was somEvutaf Ey s Erown and courteous IkJanictiWai, wlhv, toprdgo from his ssltare, 1 aigbt Eaw« Esew sir astisfaalgardaasr, srnS nmflsv-Entrer, or a policeman dicly — I nnccni a pol'fce- man So the ritatc of Inu'm'njur, wbo> of all oonstahlee with wEumi I E awe made acqusrntanoe So rSrSerent parts of tEe- w.orid 5s the fms-tt ami ewiest hi bis garh. The sdleTleccvmp) nv waftfng- eras not, I was ieufemuudi, "oni band! f hut I sent 5n any swtl, ami a mfnirto or two afterwarle the nastsenger rstomaf with a gj:aiio.U6 sonsmoml from) bfs Majeuty that I shoutl artenvl Rfnv. T tie ground-floor of the cotsrmr of tb hungslow was «ny AoSs, Eot mufsr tb® guidance of the lest nn ami slvfl I lawman) I contrived to grsps my way up a steep .staircase, ami ptsnmg tbrmrgRi am antechamber, I was mrbereil into the presence «f his Mmefy, thorn I latamea Kalakaus, Krsg of Ifawah Tb« sore of the Isagb Viorl, nxrtsm Rapasksa, and «f the High CEwfess ArealWKeBo- kaioe, great grauldcrwfvtsv of Ksawio- heido,a famous wajrivv ami eoorrcilTor of Kamehamriia S,, wae sitting at re bureau So a hoys dmvfr-irgbtsri apart ment, the floor ct wlliaSi wa» Isfdl with) matting. The afartansret, so> far are my imperfect riekta small iaoimi, ware miuyij liu-V »nu helnnd the royal armuErew ware it tall bookcase full of wsQ- boremf rotamei. Hie Mrieety rose whsre I eretsrsrf, gave me hie hand, Etale tae E® seated, an d treated toe during a pentongod in terview with the gtestmt kmdivsss — exprsssia& soxxig otbsv tbmgre, re hopo that I was gncreg to stay re month 5n the Hawatrere Istondre, nnder which ouruumristacss I sboreEd brevre are apportunity of vit&img; the largest vot- cano in the woril. Woe 5s m« E I bad barely throe eotwe horare to stay ire heanteoue liim.'3'Ho Esrsoff, Tlte king is a gearffa inim of er.sunlsvaEfe mebsre, stolwajt snl wM hr-t, very dark, bnt with a most 5stsf%Hvt expression of co.untcuaut®. If® lathed fl'rrcntty and with «»se So oseslKcct Eaglfefr j and there is nothing astocnibrivg ire Eire com mend of the Anglo gazoo speech since: he has roseival a iccpftal education literary, Jegsl ami tafStoiy, II t in structors 5h the fet two EroncEcre were Americans o i So& oritmne, wbiTo Eire mih'taiy training, Ugtso ret the age of I-f, was s.uptristcn&I; ly am oEI Fmssiare officer, Coptoin Vnsx, The khg h a Freemason, read was mvEKtcd to tbo lhiriy- lhir.d Virginia, So loT-f. tte ii a'w, » mem— ivrotiheV.tr, IViw to f;:e efectrore to the sovereignity of the gare.Iw5-.fr Islands the young primes fi&d; dw«s posts trt the'HwnoMu rirU srerrioe ; and at tbo tunewJtienwe was cacsare Kir.g ny ore overwhelming tnsy.rity of tbh nobles,, and the representatives of tho Hatvnian peopTe, he was re clerk in the Land Office. King Kakalana is about . 40 years of age. With his photographic portrait' irejnll uniform, nnd. with a portentous pair of bullion epaulettes on his shoulders and with the decorations of .all his royal orders glittering on his manly breast, Europeans mnst bo tolerably familiar; but lie ware attired in much simpler fashion on the morning when I had tho honour to be admitted to' his . presence, He: wo3 dressed in thin suit of alpaca, : ami wore nor ribbon . nor star. . Not ;that hire realm is destitute of orders of chivalry. He is sovereign of : the Roys! Orders of . Kemchamclia, of Kalaknn, 1 of Knpiolana, of tho f Crown of Hawni. Alohn! A diplo matic corps is likewise accredited to tho 1 Court of Honolulu. Tlio United Slates j of America have a Minister.- Resident ; ; Great Britain has a Commissioner, and | Cbnsnf-Geneml ; France, Italy, .and the j other European Powers havo also their ; respective Consuls and Charges d'Af- j faires, Pern, Mexico, nnd Japan are also adequately represented at this; tiny far-away Polynesian .Court, Not with out design havo I given the 'United States Minister Resident priority among tho members of the diplomatic body. ! One: can scarcely be , half-on-hour in Honoinin, keeping one's .eyes .nnd .ears j toferabbr wide open, withont arriving at re full knowledge of the: fact, that tho Hawai.au kingdom is /commercially nnd j socially ' bossed " by tho United 8tates of America, nnd by tho State of Cali- . fornire in particular, ' An entorpriaing | financier of Gorman extraction domiciled i fre Saa Francisco, completely controls tho ; important sugar production of the Sand- wbicli Islnaila; the Iiighost offices of ; State are filled by Americans, who in i some instancea- havo formed matrimonial : connections with princely Hawaian fsmi- I lies ; and an American banking firm at HonohiIu have a great deal to say in : alt matters pf Hawaian finance. Tho > coinage— and a vory hnndoomo coinage ; it is— was struck at the San Francisco mint ; Honoinin is full oi American clergyman, jonrnalists, school-tcnohcrs, : lawyers, nnd storekeepers ; nnd although British mercantile interests . arc- toler ably well represented hero I cannot help j fancying that in tho Sandwhich Islands : it is the U, 8. A. that ralo tbo roast. King Kalofcann, after signifying his ; grncions acceptance of the gifts which I had Eronght him, and making many I kind inquiries touching tho health of itbe Baroness, of Mr. Bnrdctt-Coutts ! and of his many friends in Europe, dis missed me with fair words, and I went ; ore my way rejoicing, to fall speedily I again into the hands of my friends in the waggonette, who straightway "took | mo into custody again, and proceeded to drive mc oat of my mind, figuratively 1 speaking, at the fastest pace at which : the: two spirited horses could go at a tearing gallop along magnificent roads. : I should have dearly longed to have had re qniet saunter — an observant prowl— I throng!) the leafy lanes which form tho afreets of Honolulu ; bat my genially impcrfons friends of tho weggonotto wonld not hear of anything of that jfcind, I mnst ride. I must bo " driven silly," I mnst bo driven by tho toll, iuu-uuirucu uuiiu ui iruusttuuiihiu usyccir. The conscqncnce was that I saw Hono- | intir not as in re glass darkly but nndcr i what I may term kaleidoscopic circum- ; stances. It was re splendid day, aiid tlio sun' was shining gloriously ; although far away in a valley wo could sec tho dark violet clouds ponring down huge ; sheets of rain. On the right there was :re bine sea— calm to-day majestic, im perturbable; bat in the foreground "on either side it was one almost maddening succession .of kaleidoscopic panoramas. Nowwbolegrovos of tho cocoanut palm ; ! now lofty thickets blazing with tho 1 nfmost indescribably superb scarlet Bougainvilliers ; then groves of cactu and prickly pear ;' then hedges bursting forth in brilliant flowcriT; then trim market, gardens, dclightfal in their greenery, laid out . by Chinese gnrdners. Then came a vision of Chins, the i Flowery Land itself, a dream of the dear 1 old Willow Pattern Plate — no longer nniform blue and white, bat translated nf» all manner of radiant lines. There : Wns ft little sbruaimetj cruasvu vy u iiliiu elliptical bridge; and upnn my wurd | there were three pig-tailed Cinnamon i crossing that bridge, looking for all tlio 1 world like tho celebrated brothers of tho Willow Pattern Plate ; and there were | tho willows themselves, and a boat, and « pagoda painted bright red and with little balls pendant from the caves, and frtvrttfi? rnrrt ttlnmo m>rn eirelinff'in the sky. The place, they told mc, contained re Chinese temple, re tca-honso, nnd tho rssidenceof a wealthy Chinese merchant. John Chinaman does well at Honoinin. ; A largo consignment of Japanese had also arrived the day prior to our. landing The "Japs" were under engagement to labour in tho sugar plantations. They had been inspected by tho King, end assured by his Majesty of considerate andeqnitnble treatment. Bat speedily more kaleidoscopie fragments of pictures fitted across my field of vision. _A gronp of Catholic Bisters of Charity, in in their wide-slecvcd robes and snowy wimples, and pinners beneath their sable voiIs,and with their sweet, smiling, rosy faces. Yes, rosy even beneath this torrid snn. Then knots and groups of native children, their complexions ap parently heightened cither with Cnd- bnry's Essence or with Mcnier'e chocolate — blnck-polled, black, shining bendlifcrecyed nrchins, mnlo and femnlo with little bare brown legs and feet, nnd cTad uniformly in n single garment — a bedgown of white or coloured calico — ' and nothing else. A most sensible and suitable garment for this climate, ns "mighty convanicnt" as wcro Mr. Brian O'Linn's nether garments of . sheepskin, of which he turned tbo woolly ' sideontwnrds in summer and inwards in winter. Tho finssinn mmijih , nsyou well know, nets in precisely the namo manner wjui m» nua-pni» n«s«.iie»s»-j«#» touloupe. Nor is tho use of the single linen op calico garment, for nil attire, confined to the native children. In the garden of a handsome conntrj house I saw with admiration a white lady, young handsome, nnd elegant — n niombor possibly of one of tlio "first families" of the island, bending loreingly over a lacc-trimmed mosquito- enrtnined cot, in which lay a pretty whito baby. The lady had diamond drops at her enrs, and n diamond cross at her neck, and golden bracelets and flashing rings on her fingers ; but her only visible garment wasalongwliitemuslin bedgown. Why wear mora, at' Honolulu at least? Aloha 1 Native women, too. their hcadcrenr huge cabbagetrco bats, passed us on : horseback, they riding nstrido as the Tarkisb and Egyptian women do. And v; then saoto children scampering out of \- school and chattering very harmoniously : In a language which to my ears seemed to bo nearly all vowels, with jnst a con sonant hero and there fo kcop the weaker vessels of sound in order. And so wo wo came at last to a beautiful bungalow —a fishing villa, I was told, with a landing stage jutting out into the blue sea. And hero we found ladios and \- gentlemen, an elegant collation, Heid- seeb 0 Dry Monopolo — or was it Pom- mory and Greno? — in "spuming chalices." > Thcro too wc found not only . a hearty welcome bat poltto conversation — the society small-talk of London nnd Paris, of New York and Washington and San Francisco. Tbo Lad)) a Qazette of Fashion was lying on tbo table. Tlio trC Own Paper on another. I ruboed, for a moment, the eyes of my mind, and wondered for a moment where Ijiras Havo you ; not occasionally fallen into a similar con dition of temporary uncertainty— -wnn- ciety," the wholo world over, has grown to bo much alike,. Hub tho eyes out of your mind. Whero tbo douce aro you? Sometimes you see in a splendid saloon a swarthy gentlemen, in a black surtoat buttoned to the throat, nnd with a scar let Jez/rorn at the back of tho bead. You are in " society " at Pera of Con stantinople. Again, your neighbour at dinner is a charming lady, who speaks French with much tnoro purity than many ParisionncB do) and who is talking enthusiastically about Paiti and Nilsson, 8ardon and Sarah Bernhardt. But the gentlemen present ore mainly in military uniform and wear large epaulettes of loose bullion. You aro dining out in "society" at St. Petersburg. Again, you are nt a grand dinner ; the ices nnd . the coffeo are of oxquisite nunlity. You aro at Vienna. Samebody is smoking apnpclito between tho courses. You are at Madrid — or in Mexico. As you pass from tho dining-room to tho draw- . ing- room you espy a shovel hat or so on the table in the vestibule; and among the male guests there may, be some old gentlemen in red stockings and some vonncrer centleman 'in nnrnln linen. \- You are at Home. . As I continue to . rnb tho oyes of ray mind in tbo great drawing-room of tbo bungalow far away, my eye eoddenly lights on the oldest lady's boudoir that I havo ever yet bo held. It is a room within a room — a dainty little boudoir containing a cabinet piano, a rocking-chair, a work- table, a plenitude of shrubs and flowors, and pretty hrlc-a-hrac ; but tho walls and , tho ceiling of this room within a room aro Beemingly of tho finest wire gauze. Tho dainty boudoir reminds mo for an instant of a kiotl of glorified meatsnfe; bat then I remerabor that tho trauslacent walls and ceiling of tho dainty boudoir are intended to keep out tho mosquitos, . and that I am at Honolulu in tho Sand wich Inlands. Aloha I 