UPPER INDIGO. (frgoi o0r own correspondent;)- Friday. .On Monday last an old toper committed suicide by cutting his throat at the resi dence of Mr John Cteelland. The intelli gence of the act had by no means a very startling effect upon the minds of the neighboring residents,- emanting from- such a source. He was undoubtedly the friend of the winegrowing community, having been a large consumer or tuat com moony. As an example to kindred spirits, he heroically yielded up the ghost at the hrine of Bacchus. A few Sundays ago some rare feats of gallantry were exhibited by a dainty old bachelor resident, and owner of a large farm near the source of the Indigo Creek. The gentleman in question (being on the shady side of fifty) has recently had hie inclinations diverted to matrimony, and. on being slighted by one of his enamored damsels he resolved to: be. even with the fair creature. - Quitting his magnificent farm, he proceeded to Melbourne to wit ness the race for the Cup, on which event jit is said he won a small fortune. Return ing to Beechworth, he'proenred a splendid ; carriage, and, accompanied by two bloom ing maids of sweet seventeen, sallied forth in great pomp past the abode of each love sick dame. Like Lord Byron, this dash ing old votary of Hymen thinks that — " A pa-tlal neglect Sonn takes an effect. And will bumble the proudest Coquette." The residents of the Upper Indigo, as well as those of Middle Creek, are highly pleased with the resolution passed at the last meeting of the Yackandandah Shirft. Council to the effect tht; .a deputation proceed to Melbourne to urge the survey of the proposed lino ef railway between Beechworth and that town. Though giv ing Mr Jessop the credit which he deserves for the indefatigable manner in which he has exerted himself in hi endeavor to hasten the construction of thi very necessary and important work, it I lamentably true that the project has neveE received the united attention and support of the large community to whom it would be moat beneficial. Harvesting has already' commenced, and many of the farmers . are cutting brown oats. Haymaking is in full swing, and the .fields in general ..are about to change their garment of dark luxuriant greea for that ef golden yellow. . . In the vineyards operations are gomfi on pretty brisky— hoeing, disbudding tyihg/?up and sulphuring. From tjjf present: appearance of- the young fruit, tn® yield promises to bo a prolific one. Qaiet verve an! balmy sleep in Biltcr.', t'>r i-leep'ess ladies and invalMfc "mn-icau. Go. mate the geuu'ne. Notios» 