The University Election. Me. Justice WixnErEE?s proposals for the defeat of Bishop Babrt at the approaching University election having suddenly come to srrief, another proieet has been set on foot for the purpose of accomplishing that object. A requisition to Sir Ja^ies Maste? has been got up and industriously circulated among the graduates entitled to vote at Convoca tion, with the result that over ninety signa tures have been obtained to it. At the same time, every effort has been used with the view of inducing Sir Jassks to contest the election. The requisition was personally pi^ sented to him by the Speaker of the Assem bly, himself a prominent me jnber of the Uni versity. WhetherornotSir Jasics willconsent to stand for the election is not yet- definitely known, the learned Judge having taken tims to ?consider the matter. It will not be difficult, however, to show that the {balance of argument is wholly against the overture thus made to him. A seat in the Senate can liardly be a matter of ambition with, him, seeing that he was a member of that body some years ago, and Resigned for reasons we need not refer, to. That being the case, Ms acceptance of the nomi nation now offered to him -would be clea&y; a, mistake drom. every point of view. lir the first place, the nomination is of fered on the obvious understanding that the Chief Justice of the colony is to be made use of for the purpose of securing the defeat 41 the Anglican Bishop, Dr. 'Bakey. That is the clear 'raiso'n d'etre of the whole move ment. We say nothing about the unsavory odor attaching to it as a result of the questionable manoeuvring adopted on a for mer occasion. The present movement may have little or nothing, to do with the other ; nevertheless it is iinpossibla to aroid the coinclusiou that the proposal to nominate Sir James SIaeiin' stands practically on 'the same ground as the proposal to nominate Mr. Pallet; and the logic which leads to that conclusion also leads to another— that the same reasons which operated so strongly with Mr. Dallet ^ will not be lost, upon '^Sir James. The pre-eminent qualifications vpf the Bishop for a ' seat in -the' Senate form perhaps /the 'most conspicuous feature. in the whole aiEair. Why .then should. hei)e opposed f; The reasons -giveia by, Mr- ^WaTEjreB''.at'.s6..'','Mti5fi.t3^giii; scarcely ^^ deiserTe^.notic^j-. jfpr the rea^onthat sfliey ire 'ob^ti^Ijf; ^ii&oni;'f onhdation; To |fe^S|i^^^^D[ni^rs^;:|-5r tfee.ie|&sfcionio;£ '0r^JE^#T:''*MV&&plff;, ?%K&Wiafe;';:i4ust 'in |y^e.;'jejies* ?- -of ?/||ie'1tjn»:?»i?_n/-' -' ': *^h^ ^igious ; sects of the community are ..-living at; peace with each other, and are likely to do so unless some rabid fanatics should make it their business to stir up strife among ih-sni. Had it been shown that the nomination of the Bishop was the result of a sectarian jnovement — that sectarian questions of some kind were at issue — or that in some way or other the spirit of sectarianism was at wo*';, in the matter, there would have beeneou-O6how of reason in the position taken u# t»y his opponents. But nothing of thai' k5»4 has been done. Therefore it is an inevitable conclusion that the ghost of 'sectarian strife' has 'been raised, for the purpose of creating a false alarm, and by that means concealing an ulterior design. The result is, then, that the nomination of the Bishop is to be opposed for reasons I which, will not bear investigation; and in thiB way he is to be ' disqualified ' for the seat in face of tbe fact that his qualifications are universally admitted. If University graduates can be imposed upon by such shallow trickery as this, their powers of discrimination must be poor indeed. The one thing to be aimed at in the composition of the Senate is the intro duction, of the highest possible range, variety, and quality of intellect. Every other consideration — that of ' sectarian strife ' included — should give way to that; unless, indeed, the Senate is to be always as it is now, distinguished for its intellec tual poverty. It suffers suiSciently in that way already. Jfo one will say that it fairly represents the culture or the intellect of the community. It is headed indeed by a learned and most estimable Chancellor, who is un fortunately anxious to retire ; but the gentle man who is ambitious enough to succeed him is so little designed by nature to figure in intellectual society, that his appearance in such a body as the ' Senate is as much a puzzle as the apple in the dumpling was to his Majesty King George III. of blessed memory, when he asked — ' How, how, how the devil got the apple in ?' Is it possible then to suppose either that Sir James Martin will consent to be brought out for the mere purpose of defeating not only an unimpeachable but a most desirable candidate, or that the graduates of the University will lend themselves to such an unworthy opposition ? If it should succeed, then we are brought face to face with this result — that men of the most scholarly and intellectual character, who happen to be churchmen at the same time, are permanently disqualified for Beats in the Senate : this unheard-of disqualification being decreed at the instance of an indi vidual wliose personal claims to University distinction are simply beneath notice. It is impossible to believe that such a result as that can be brought about, even with the aid of all the underground engineering that has been brought to bear upon it. Mr. Dallet was true to his instincts and bis reputation when he indignantly refused to be used as a tool for the purpose of carrying out the tortuous policy of others : and how ever much we may. differ from' Sir James JiLiRTix on many matters, we cannot bnt credit him with an equal scorn for all little minded and illiberal feeling, in whatever guise it may present itself. 