THE VICTORIAN REVIEW. ? ?'W* The Victorian Review for January opens with the beginning of a critical essay upon Tennyson. While Mr. Francis W. L. Adams may have some claims to poss as exponent of the Poet Laureate s works, he certainly is sadly wanting in one — he has nothing new to say. Now, at a time when everybody who can apeak ha3 something to say about Tennyson, it would appear to ha lost labour for a man to go to some pains with a view to saying nothing. We can recommend the essay as a specimen. — poor, but still a specimen — of the worst kind of German spirit- mining. Much of rhapsodical fervour, much of false criticism, much of unauthorized meanings go to make up Mr. Adams's paper. He is original, however, in his selections, and perhaps few will agres with him whea he writes of 'Locksley Hall:'— 'It will live and have influence long after 'In Memo riam' and the ' Idylls gi the King' have become things of extra st End I the past.' It is worthy of notice that j ' things of extract and the past'— whatever it may mean— is a favourite expression with Mr.' Adams. Tennyson has, according to his latest critic, written two ' central' poeim— '' Locksley Hall' and 'The Princess.'. It is somewhat surprising to find a critic of Ten nyson saying that the poet ' has not ever I let his irritation take voice' at the ' chorus of irresponsible, indolent reviewers,' or ' the critics' blurring comments.' Has Mr. Adams ever read the lines to Christopher North beginning ' You did late review my lays, Crusty Christopher,' or the verses in Punch entitled ' The New Timon and the Poet ?' We very much fear that lovers of Tennyson w 11 find little to admire in Mr. Adams'3 criticism of his poetry, and that learners will not be made better acquainted with the poet hy the efforts of his latest exponent. Mr. John G. Stewart fell into ona grievous mistake when he wrote his ' Contribution to the Study of Religion.' He aimed at too much, and so made the good tilings he say3 almost valueless. A man cannot formulate a theology in a few pages of a review ; at most he can develop one line of thought. Mr. Stewart said his creed, and wants to bring chapter and verse to the proof of leach article. The Rev. A. Gosman criticises Drummond's 'Natural Law in the Spiritual World' from the Christian point of view, and gets inundated in.biology, theology, logic, and science in general. ' The so-called divergence of science and religion is' to him 11 partly a popular prejudice, and partly the result of the application of false principles of Biblical interpretation.' Mr. David Blair con tinues his series of ' By-ways in Literature.' Heha3^chosen to instruct what he calls 'the common vulgar' in Marmentel's suppressed poems. This gives him an opportunity of discussing the feud between the followers of Piccmi and of Gluck, which topic he accord ingly treats in the most approved ency clopedic style. By-the- way, it will be news to some people to learn that Gluck lived under the Republic. We are not inclined to believe, what Mr. Blair so confidently states, that 'as a general rule, no Englishman reads French'poetry.' On the contrary, although the French poets are not read so diligently as English poetH, there are few Englishmen with any acquaintance with the language who have not some knowledge of its poetry. Mr. Blair, perhaps, under estimates the proficiency of his countrymen, and we the more suspect this because hs has been to the pains of translating simple English into simple French. Thus we have— 'It was . . . the soul of all the little suppers Cpetits sovpersj,' and 'all parties were ani mated by the same fury ffureurj.' Mr. James Smith writes a notice of Massinger which is more remarkable for its skilful adaptation and quotation than for any origin ality in criticism. ' Junius' has risen, the ghost of hia former self, and discusses 'Australia, Germany, and the Imperial annexion.' In case readers should know nothing about two men named Bismarck and Gladstone, he obliges them with a short biography of each, and his paper abounds in such strokes of wit as ' Our Railway-carriage Perorator' and .'peripatetic sermons.' In passing, may we enquire the exact meaning of thia last Earcasm? Is it the same as ' moving sermons ?' A system of wholesale quotation has materially aided Mr. H. Mor timer Franklyn in his discussion of Lord Malmesbury's Memoirs. The number ccn clude8 with a summary of ths October issues of six reviews and of the November issues of two. ? 