GOSPEL TEMPERANCE MISSION. MRS. MARY CLEMENT LEAVITT arrived in Brisbane on Friday afternoon for the purpose of of organising a Gospel Temperance Mission in connection with the Women's Christian Temperance Union. A very successful meeting of workers was held in the lecture-room of the Young Men's Christian Association on Saturday evening for the purpose of of according a welcome to Mrs. Leavitt. Mr. Charles Full- wood, president of the Brisbane Temperance Council, occupied the chair. He described the arrangements which had been made for conducting the various meetings which will be held during the mission, particulars of which appear in our advertising columns, In introducing Mrs. Leavitt to the meeting he said it was not intended that there should be a formal reception, but that the gathering should be of a social character-more of a conversazione to enable the workers to become acquainted with Mrs. Leavitt and with each other. Mrs. Leavitt addressed the meeting at considerable length. She spoke in an easy unassuming style, and she thoroughly interested the audience while detailing her experience of the work. It was announced that Mrs. Leavitt intends visiting several of the northern towns of the colony, and the Rev. Mr. Smith, Primitive Methodist minister from Gym [tic, who was present, expressed a hope that she might be in need to visit the mining centre which was the scene of his labours. Mr. P. M'Lean, the Rev. B. Moore, the Rev. W. Poole, and Mr. Steele expressed a strong desire that Mrs. Leavitt should conduct a mission in South Brisbane on her return from the north. A very pleasant meeting terminated about half-past 9 o clock. Yesterday morning Mrs. Leavitt preached to a crowded congregation at the Wharf-street Baptist Church, and in conducting the service she was assisted by the Rev. Henry Coombs, the pastor of the congregation. The subject of her discourse was ''The body, the temple of the Holy Ghost," and her remarks were chiefly based on the 19th verse of the 6th chapter of 1st Corinthians. She promised her remarks by stating that the human body being the temple of the Lord, it was our duty to keep it clean and pure, She depicted the evileffeots of alcohol upon the body, and declared that those evil effects were not confined to the person who was guilty of excessive drinking, but were transmitted to his offspring. She contrasted the man whose body, so far as external appearances went, was clean and pure, but whose system was disorganised, whose blood was poisoned, " and whose brain was clouded, with the horny-handed son of toil, who was outwardly unclean, who had dirty hands, dirty face, and dirty body, but whose system was in its full integrity, whose brain was clear, and whose blood was pure. The latter could wash off the dirt in a very few moments, but the disease in the former could not be eradicated perhaps for many years. Speaking of the advantages of total abstinence She said that testimony could be given to prove that the children of abstainers were more healthy, more cheerful, more courageous, and lived longer than those of parents who drank intoxicants. Strong drink, she said, was the right hand of Satan, and she did not think it was possible for God to dwell in a temple which was contaminated and defiled by drink. The inference was that a drinking man could not possibly be a true Christian. She admitted that total abstinence was not by any means salvation in itself, but it cleared the brain and softened the heart, and made people more willing to work for God. , In the afternoon Mrs, Leavitt addressed an audience of rather more than 400 persons in the Academy of Music. The address, it was announced, was specially for young women, for whom seats were reserved in front of the auditorium. The young women must have numbered nearly 300. They consisted of all ages of the fair sex from five up to fifty. The chair was occupied by Mr. C. Fullwood, who was accompanied on the platform by the Rev. J. Buckle, the Rev. J. Stewart, and the Rev. Mr. Williams. The United Temperance, choir was in attendance and led the singing. Mr., Buckle presided at the organ. The chairman, in introducing Mrs. Leavitt, said that lady had come here to implant in our midst a branch of an institution which was doing good work in the United States and he hoped the ladies of Brisbane would rally round her and help her in this work. Mrs. Leavitt, who appears to be a lady of culture and refinement, began her address by expressing the pleasure she felt in speaking on temperance matters especially to the young, for whatever good work was being carried on in the world would be unsuccessful unless the young were on the side of the promoters of it She spoke as one who, although considerably past the meridian of life, was in the plenitude of her intellectual vigour, and she soon gave evidence of subtle reasoning power and a command of fervid and persuasive oratory. Her style was polished and her diction fault- less, and there was a refreshing absence of declamation, and of the " tall talk" in which our cousins over the water are prone to indulge. She briefly alluded to the influence of her sex, and claimed on their behalf that while they might not at the present time take such a prominent part in the affairs of the world as men did, their influence was greater. The great need of the world was for consecrated Christian mothers. Life, she said, was a cup which each individual was required to fill. She proceeded to show of what the cup should be filled. The first thing to be used was piety. Then the sparkling drops of truth were to be poured into it, and she advised all who were prone to exaggerate a little to keep truth on their side.'' Work was another ingredient of which the cup must be made up. It was neither Godlike nor gentle to lead the life of a drought but it was grand and 'noble to be a worker.) She must caution eager workers to rest a little.'; Rest to the bodies sometimes improved the minds, so that they were able to work with more effect. intellectual training was a subject upon which she dwelt at some length.! She advised young women to read, has to be careful what they road. Don't let them read anything they would not like to stand up before this assembly and, read. Let them put total abstinence into the cup, and that cup would be beautiful, bright, and sparkling. The lives of some of her own sex in America afforded material for the illustration of her address, but her remarks were not by any means burdened with anecdotes. Show was listened to with great attention. On an appeal being made to the audience to come forward and sign the pledge it appeared on a show of hands being taken that nearly all were already pledged abstainers, so that very few ribbons were taken. In the evening, Mrs, Leavitt addressed an audience at the Theatre Royal, her subject being "Sir, we would see Jesus." 