MR. TORE IN PALESTINE. (Continued.) I AM dissapointed with the first sight of Carmel. It is a long, low range, and not a mouutain peak as I expected to find it. We soon reached the plain, and as the day was getting warm, we were glad to see Francis spreading our dinner mat under some umbrageous fig-trees, and near a spring of water surrounded by a grove of palms bearing large bunches of dates. Trains of camels were passing in various directions. I noticed particularly two Bedouin women, with black hair, dark complexion, and black head-dress, leading a string of five camels; they look a daring hardy, race of people. Nearly all the women are tattooed. This we found to be common all through Palestine. Scores of little birds are flying about. One daring " son of the desert" approaches with a gun on his shoulder, leading three camels ; they strctch out their necks as they approach the water, thus telling of a long and thirsty journey. While we are at lunch some Turkish soldiers, who are returning home after five years service, camp near us. They have pressed a muleteer into their service and compelled him to come back with them and carry their packs on his horses. He, with the ready ingenuity of an Arab, claims to belong to our party, and so after lunching under the trees they shoulder their packs and march away, leaving the poor muleteer free once more. He watches them depart with a good deal of satisfaction. The prickly pear fences about show the marks of camels teeth. The orange and olive plantations are very beautiful and scent the air as we ride along. Blackberries and raspberries abound, also a very peculiar thorn, with barbs almost as dangerous as a fish- hook: I got my leg into one busb and had no small difficulty in extricating myself, and then had to leave fragments of clothes and skin behind. It was a touching sight to see these soldiers separate from each other; comrades for five years, they had fought side by side. I saw them unfurl their flag, kiss each other, and then four or five took their wav across the plain to a little village perched on the hillside. We watched them as they quickened their footsteps across the plain and thought of " The Soldier's dream." " I flew to the pleasant fields traversed so oft In life's morning march when my bosom was young; I heard my own mountain goats bleating aloft, Aud knew the sweet strain tliat the cornreapers sung." We rode past some very fine orchards and through Jezzar Pacha's aqueduct, an enormous work perched on arches forty feet high, carrying water for some miles into the town of Acre. As we neared the fortifications we saw several vessels in the bay, one of which, a steamer, had lately come iu. Hundreds of camels were squatting ou the beach, and as the twilight deepened, hundreds more came to wait for cargo. It was a most remarkable sight to us. They covered several acres of ground, and seem to lie as close together as possible. But in a little recess outside the walls and ditch, yet inside the fortifications, was our little canvas village, and right glad were we to get into our tents after about ten hours in the saddle. We walked into the town through immense iron gates, well protected by lofty towers. We visited the prison, and saw a man like an Englishman with immense chains on his arms and legs. We also saw the Mosque of Jezzar Pascha, with its beautiful pillars of marble, grey granite, syenite and verd antique, brought from Cassarea, Tyre, and Ascalon. We were looked at suspiciously by the Mussulmans before we were admitted, but backsheesh paved our way. We had to take our boots off. I am getting accustomed to this now, after visiting the mosques in Constantinople. Napoleon called Acre the key of Palestine, and although it has been grasped by many rude hands during 700 years, it still remains a strong fortress. It is built ou a triangular tongue of land, and its fortifications, before the days of the Inflexible and Thunderer, were almost impregnable. The interior bears marks of slovenly neglect. Out of a population of 5,000, 2,300 are Moslems and Druses, and 1,700 Christians and Jews. The Governor has the rank of a Pacha, but is subject to the Pacha of Damascus. The plain produces grain and cotton, and forms the embouchure of Esdraelon. It is very rich and fertile, and is bounded on the north by the Ladder of Tyre (Lebanon); on the south, Carmel; and on the weBt, the Mediterranean; and the east the Galilean hills. The plain of Acre was given to the tribe of Asher, but they could not drive out the inhabitants of Accho and Achzib. Acre is mentioned once in the Old Testament as Accho and once in the New as Ptolemais. It was the great gathering-place of the Crusaders. Here were anchored the fleets of the Pisans, Genoese, and Venetians. After the defeat of the three kings by Saladin on the fatal field of Hattan it was in a most wretched condition. It had no less than seventeen tribunals, many sovereigns, bnt no government. Under this disgraceful 6tate of rule it was suddenly attacked by the Sultan and after a siege of thirty-three days was captured. Misery and bloodshed ensued. No less than 60,000 Christians were put to death, or carried into slavery. Of 500 knights only ten were left. One of the most noted of the Pachas was EI Jezzar the Butcher, and well does he deserve his name. His atrocities were increasing. He cut off the ear of his attendant with a dagger ; took off the nose and put out out an eye of his banker. He beheaded his wives till he was tired, and then called three of his soldiers to complete the bloody task. Fifteen helpless women were victims. Napoleon next besieged Acre, but was driven back eight times by the opportune arrival of Sir Sidney Smith. What Waterloo was to Europe Accho was to Asia. Tuesday, November 11, 1884.—The first thing observable by the morning twilight is the Mussulman women in their white robes, like veritable ghosts, stealing away to the cemetery. The lighthouse is distinctly seen on the end of Carmel. Hundreds of camels have vanished, and hundreds more are waiting at the city gate foradmission. What a motley crowd I see below as I sit on the top of a fortified wall leading to the gate. Baskets and boxes of apples, bags, bundles, and mats all of a heap: donkeys, camels, and Bedouins lying about in all directions; Mohammedans at their prayers; others husv preparing for the day's march; all goodhumour, life and earnestness. The costnmes are extremely fanciful. Some, of the caravans come immense distances. Here comes a little drove of twenty-one donkevs. Streams of donkeys continue to- pour in from Esdraelon, .Tafia, Tyre, Kaipha, and other towns. Here is a man dragging a donkey by the eat'; after unloading it another donkey was brought forward, in like-manner, a man in the way quietly pushed aside. At the gate I count seventy-two camels and over a hundred donkeys waiting patiently for the opening. Another drove of twenty-fivecamelscomesstalkingalong. Here a solitary Bedouin indulges iu a morning bath, and there a true child of Mahomet bows and kneels toward the spot where old Sol is expected to make his appearance. Two black Bedouins come along jauntily on their Arab steeds with elaborate trappings. But I hear the dragoman calling; so once more on the wallaby track. We part company to-day. Mrs. Torr takes the direct route to Nazareth, while Mr. Clarke, Moses, and I take the coast route to the eastern end of Carmel. After crossing the River Belus, where glass is said to have been first discovered by the Phoenicians, we came to a grove of date-palms. Here, by a very indistinct track, we pass over the south part of the plain of Acre. The country improves as we proceed. We pass a farmhouse of immense size with a large threshing floor, with about a hundred black cattle eating the refuse of the maize crop. Mat manufacture seems to be carried 011 here, for a drove of camels laden with immense rolls of cornstalk matting passsed us on the way. The egg plant grows luxuriantly. The soil is a black Bay of Biscay loam, similar to Farrell's Flat—in fact, the whole country here has a similar appearance. Put Mount Carmel for the Black Springs Range, and here is a small range covered with low bushes just like the Wheelbarrow Hills. Surely the sacred writer saw Carmel as we see it now under the glow of the morning sun, with cloud shadows floating about here and there. "The excellency of Carmel and Sharon" is no myth to one who has seen its olive groves and little villages nestling at the foot, and here and there pretty little gullies and ravines. 