8FOIBTXSVG TOPICS. I k0tic2 the Neckersgata are commencing the season auspiciously, at Adelaide Madde- lina, a daughter of that sire, winning the Sapling Stakes at the 8 JuT. meeting, some- what easily, in the fast time of 43sec, for the three and a half fnrlongs. Amongst the youngsters who finished behind the winner was Mr. A. XL Robertson's oolt, Pot Bouiili (by Neckersgmt— Gruyfere), who was unplaoed. Tub fanoy bet of five hundred to four hundred was laid last night that "The NeckersgaU beat the Obesters, one-two- three in the V.B.C. Derby." There are three representative of each of the rites referred to engaged in our Derby, but the layer of the odds has, in my opinion, a long way the better of the figures, as he has Newstead (four to one), Donlop (ten to one), and I.O.TX. Stay odds) on ms ride as opposed to Monte hristo (tens), Uralla (tens), and First Chester (any odds) to do battle for the Chester. Thb Ghost, who, it will be remembered, started in the v.R.O. Maiden Hurdle Raoe last year, and came down, is said to be shaping very well over, the little stioks, and as it .is whispered that Batty will have the mount on 8aturday, the dsubls — The Ghost and Xizette— has been baoked to win about a thousand pounds at hundreds to two and three. . , . A Melbourne friend now visiting Europe sends me, by the last mail, a somewhat misanthropic account of his impressions of tho English Derby. He eajs : — "I have been to the great, plassio event. ' Rot ! 1 it is the most gigantic fraud ever was perpetrated. Happy, lucky Australians ! I think the English people must be the greatest lot of chumps in' tbe world, or else we have been spoiled. Thus— train to Epsom, 8s. ; cab to oourse, Is. 6d. j grand- stand, 10s.; Tatter- sail's paddock, 10s.; saddling paddock, IDs. cab to train, 2a. 6d. ; total, 42s. For what? To be ushered through a dirty, frowsy entry 'to front of stand, there to ffod nothing but a lot of fellows in large-pattern clothes, bawling out the odds. Try to get on the stand ; find that the bulk of it has been let months previous for large sums. The extreme top, being the only part available to the public, is, of course, stuffed to suffocation (some of them, I believe, sleep there the night previous to secure a place). I try my luck to the Tattersall's ring— a small, iron-fenced en closure, which would hold about 500 comfort ably, but now contains 2000. I cannot tell why it is reserved, for if you wish to bet with the inner ring you can do so from the outside, as the open iron railing is only about three feet high. I was introduced to the leading bettors of the present day, and am told tbat big betting is a thing of the past. Having put my tpnner on, I find there is no chance of getting a. bight of the race, or any port of htjeo letarttoget out, but find it is not so easy j but my dogged perseverance pulls me through, minus the two top buttons of my coat, and my hat crushed to a mummy. I had to go outside the enclosure to get to the saddling paddock (10s.), only to find the horses do not saddle there. Luckily it is an English-speaking community, so, by dint of inquiry, 1 fiod out where they are. I proceed to take Etook, and make my notes accordingly. The firat I see is Paradox, a fine brown colt, looking wonderfully well, but going dotty. Ringwood, a large, hand- bodm borse, who should have been doing Banting instead of racing. Chopette colt was also on the lumpy side. Xaintraillee, who was made a etrong favourite at 4 to 1 (I do not know why), is a leggy 8nnday gentleman, and looked as if he had been bathed in salt water and hung out to dry. Lord Hampden, another gentleman with his body well up in tbe air. The favourite and winner, Helton, who is a small, neat weed, was wonderfully well, with a wonderful artist on his back, just landed by a short | bead, beating a lame horse and the most rotten field I ever saw for a Derby, and ae I soon as he has done raoing they ehould out his throat. Paradox is the best horse in it. The raoe itself eeemed to mejnst like the panorama put on the stage in the 'Flying 8cud.v Of couroe there was a large attend- anoe— 250,000— and they say I should have seen the fun on the road, and not go there to Bee raoing. I do not want to go there Feank Lbng, the well-known Caulfield trainer, met with a nasty accident at the Oaulfield railway station on Saturday morn ing last. It appears tbat he was engaged putting some horses intended for the Mo»nce valley Meeting in the railway boxeB, when one of the doore fell and inflicted severe injuries to his thigh. He had to be taken to the Alfred Hospital. His friends will be glad to learn that, on inquiring at tbat institution late last evening, I was informed that a decided change for tbe better had taken place in hie condition. Mb. Joseph Thompson, who was present at the Trotting Cloh meeting at Adelaide last week, appears to have been very much impressed with tbe appearance of tbe two- I year-olds who started in the Sapling Stakes, as our Adelaide correspondent wires over : — " The Leviathan" greatly admired the condi tion of the youngsters stripped for tbe Sap ling Stakes, and avers that Victoria hasn't a ghost of a show of winning the next Mari byrnong Plate. He considers the Adelaide two-year-olds are three or four months in advance of the Victorians, owing to tbe difference in climate, and that tbe Plate most go to an Adelaide or Sydney youngster. The Derby colt Isonoray, by Winterlake out of Huby, finished second to T&rpeia; in tbe August Handicap, at Adelaide, on Saturday. As the colt carried 8s(-. 71b., and beat such fliers as Sandal (8st. 91b.) and The Lawn (6et. 10lb.), he cannot be half a bad 'un, and with three months in which to improve be tween this and theDerby, he may yet make a bold bid for our Blue Riband. A racing man, who returoed from Ade laide on Monday, tells me that Xsonomy ehould have won io a canter. He w&9 left at the post seven or eight lengths behind anything, and yet made up his ground rapidly, and at tbe finish was going two strides to the winner's one. Mbs. Baldwin does not appear to be specially retained aB tipster by any sporting journal yet, as she ie still clairvoyanting in the North Island, New Zealand, llcr latest Srediction is to tbe effect tbat the comiog lelbourne Gup will be won by a bay horse with a white blaze on his face, whose name commences with the letter N. This must be Nordenfeldt, as Normanby is a brown. It will be remembered that last season Mrs. Baldwin went for Plausible. I? is stated on good authority (says our Adelaide correspondent) that%Mr. Thompson, on Saturday, laid a representative of the stable £6000 to £200 abont Sardins for the Melbourne Onp. Tbe other Melbourne book makers who are over here disco tint the state ment. Messes. W. O. Tuhae and£Co. bold a sale of raoing stock this afternoon'&t; Tattersall's Bazaar, Exhibition-street. Tbe lots to be offered comprise the stud of Mr. E. Weekea, who wishes to give np raoing. They com prise some speedy ones, inrinding Edith, who displayed sura a rare turn of speed at Geelong on the 1st; Melodious, another oUnker ; First Pop, winner of several raoes ; Spero, the winner of the Gippaland Hop Bitters Handioap ; Fusilier, the hurdleraoer ; Taxaraxaonm, the steepleobaser; Darrell, brother to Duration; Olivette, and some other good ones. At 'the Bame time East Lynne and Jack Ashore will be offered for Tsb Bendtgo Advertiser says Through the generosity of Mr. Alfred Joseph, those persons who purpose attending the next Spring Show will witness a novel oontest by the members of the local cavalry. Mr. Joseph has offered a trophy to be competed for upon tbe following conditions The members of the troop are to picket their horseB and afterwards proceed to the guard tent on the ground sad retire. Upon the bugle sounding each man has to put on hie trousers and boots and ran with his saddle to his horse. They are then to mount and jump two fences and gallop 200 yards. The mem ber who, in the opinion of the judges, does the work in the neatest and best style will be declared tbe winner. Colonel Disney will in all probability be present at the show to wit ness the other cavalry contests. Afi a result of the great demande on oar columns this week we are again compelled to hold over much interesting matter, despite the fact that the greater portion of the paper is set in email type. Messes. Williax C. Yuille and Co. report having eold the well-known hurdle raoera Footman and Grattan, the stallion Furmin, byPanio from' Flying Doe, For ward, by Tubal Cain from Progress dam, and the hunter Banyenoog. Mb. Jaxbs Wn£os has sustained a serious lose owing to the death of the Si. JLlbatis- Royal Maid colt. Entbies for the meeting to be held at Raadwick on the 29th inst., under the eospioes of Sydney Tattersall's Club, dose on Tuesday next. The programme is an attractive one, and the different prizes arejsob- etuntiai enough to be well worth winning. The first event is the Hurdle Raoe, a sweep stakes of 3 bo vs. each for starters, with 150 eovfi. added; tben follow the Tramway Handicap, of 2 eove., with 150 sovs. added ; the Selling Race, of 100 6ovs. ; Tattersall's Two-year-old Stakes, of 200 sovs., dfotanee half & mile ; and the Loftus Handioap, a 6 weeps takes of 3 sovs. each for starters, with 160 sovs. added. Victorian horses onght to be fairly represented, as, no .donbt, a good many will be over there towards the end iff month. Tas conditions of the V.R.O. Sires Pro duce Stakes, to be ran for at the Autumn Meeting oflGG, will be fqnnd in noxadvttf tiaing columns. The stakawfll be VwBiisIiVj one, as the club contribute 250 sovs. The nominator of the sire of the winner will reoeive 100 sovs. ont of the stake, and the seoood horse 20 per cent, on the gross amount of tbe stake. Sires most be nomi nated at the V.R.C., or S.A.J.C. offices before 4 o'clock on the 14th Septem ber, 1885. The Hon. W. Pearson's oolt Arsenal, who has been baoked to win the Melbourne Cap for 8 good stake, reoeived a slight injury through being cast in his box on Wednesday night last. Mb. W. Bailey has had a bit of bad luck with hie colt .Selkirk, by Robinson Crusoe out of Luna. The colt, who is nominated for the Derby, fell, and irather seriously injured one of his knees. Ho will have to be thrown out of work for a while. An alteration has been made in the date of tbe September meeting to be held at Moonee Valley. It was originally fixed for the 12th of September, but as tho second day of the Hawkesbury meeting falls on tbe eaxne date, Mr. Cox has decided to put his meeting forward to the 5th September. A nice ana attractive programme will be presented, and it will include an event to be called the West Bourke Steeplechase, of about two miles and a quarter. Mr. Cox will give £100 to the Although rather early, it will not be ont of place to remind owners residing at a dis tance that the second payment of 5 sovs. for the Caulfield Cup is due on Tuesday, the let September. The conditions of the Sheppatton Tori Club Sires' Produce Stakes to be run for in 1888 are published in out advertising columns. Sirea must be nominated with tbe secretary of the club before eight o'clock on tho night of tbe 31st October, 1885. EKTBIB6 for the races to be held at EUterowick Park on Saturday, 29th August, close en Monday next at four o'clock. The events to be eotered for are as follow Three-minute class Trot, Hurdle Race, Two- year-old Handicap Race, Steeplechase, 8elling Race, Selling Steeplechase, and Five-furlong Handicap. At the la-t meeting of the committee of the V.R.C , Mr. R. S. H. 13. Wakley, well knowu in Sandhurst, was appointed judge, in tbe place of the late Mr. .T. Johnston. 