THE ANNUAL MEETING 01? -THE IRISH CHURCH MISSION. The Clerical' Secretary of this proselyt ing society presented a review of a year's successful work, carried on in spite of many and great difficulties. One point was the diminished influence of Romish ecclesiastics in Ireland, and the increased facilities for Mission work. Another encouraging feature, the reference to which waB loudly cheered, was the sym pathy with the Society shown by the Archbishop of Dublin, the Bishops of Tuam, Cashel, and Killaloe, and Kilmore, in becoming "Vice-Presidents. It was also seen, and more especially in the Schools of the Missions, that successful efforts had been made to increase the efficiency of the several departments. Bev. E. W. Makinson, of Leeds, having recently visited Ireland, was able to give some of the vivid impressions which a clo&er; inspection of the work had left upon his mind. He had been greatly pleased with what he had seen of the Society's Agents, who had impressed him as being men of moral and spiritual power. Like most of those who see the Society's operations for the first time, he had been struck with the extent to which the Word of God is the foundation of the work. "When I got to Ireland," he said, "I found things very different from what they were represented to be here in England. I had heard it hiuted before I went over that the Prince of Wales was incurring some risk in visiting Ireland ; but my friends there quite laughed at the idea, and said that his Eoyal High ness would.be loyally received, and return home well pleased with his visit. I believe that the one thing which secured the safety of the Prince of Wales was the fact of there being in Ireland a praying people, a loyal people, and a Word of God loving people. Of a little tract railed "The Hundred Texts," all the speakers had much to say. There is a saying among clergymen that a good textuary is a good theologian, and I am satisfied that those who learn these texts learn the things which are necessary to salvation. Some of the scholais were over seventy years of age. Young arid old were well acquainted with the Hun- dred Texts—could quote them correctly, and even state chapter and verse where: they are to.be found. Despite the scanty clothing and other marks of poverty of these Irish children, in knowledge they exceed some of the Euglish children. "I was asked " says one " to assist in an ex amination of about 700 of them, and the subject was St. John's Gospel. I asked them what place the Gospel occupied, and the answer was, ! The fourth Gospel.' 4 How many Gospels are there ?' was the next question.; Instantly the reply came, 4 One, sir.' 4 But have you not just told me that St. John's is t\\\ejqurlh Gospel ? ' Their answer to this was a remarkable one, .and I was much struck ' with it: 4 There ,, are four accounts; but: only one Gospel.' The great truth: that there was but one revelation, and that Christianity is not one of, 4 the rei-: ligions of the world,' but God's own plan of salvation, had been thoroughly learned by these children." We have the greatest confidence that if the Word of, God is thuB planted carefully and; textually in the hearts of the children of Ireland, that the result will be found after many days There is a prejudice that the Irish' Church Missions1 are too polemical. But it is a' case in which there must be con troversy, for the principles of the two re ligions are opposed to one another, and they can no more, coexist than we can have fire, ;and;. ,water ; in , the same vessel. There must be controversy whenever tlie true comes in contact with the false but there:arO: Various vways in which= contro versy may be couductedi and this Society pursues the right method of lovingly and prayerfully going among the people, and reasoning with them out of the Scriptures, which are able to, , make them wisp unto salvation. . .... ,.Tho Bev. E-, Baldoy also i described what he had seeniof the work of the mis sions during a recent visit to Ireland : The operations of the society impressed him as being something quite wonderful. He had never seen, any thing jh''Erigland like their schools, placcd ih theyery cen tres where they are most wanted..,, . As to the Hundred Texts, it was wonderful: to - hear : the accuracy .with; which the chiU dren repeated them, and gave chapter and verse for each. When he went to the Bird's Nest lie found two hundred aud thirty -'of -' the' 'children at 'dinher, and that was a pretty sight. Many of thoteacli- ers were foimerly Boman Gatholicej and many of, them, too,. were once children in' the schools of , wh:ch,.they are now tho teachers. The Mission: Ghurch in Towns- end Street is -admirably adapted to tho purpoBesdor which it is used: : Reference was made to the . work 'ot'. the'Dublin ladies; and,' indeed, it is, im--- poBsi;ble to speak. too highly. of their, -work." These, ladies raise 9215,000 a.year,-so that 1 the Society :is not! chargeable- with anyyof the expenses connected with the feeding of the poor people, but' is left free to carry on its spiritual work; THe; Eev, 'Dr. l) ,' Good,1 one :bfi''tbet'Tnsh'''idergymen''tii''. gaged in the work, spoke of changes im minent in Ireland, for the very atmo sphere appears to be laden with changes ot the constitution : 44 We who have been fighting the battle for you, and holding the outpost for you (for I am bold to say that the only true, loyal men have been protestants and the less said about the rest the better,) have the right now to look to England for help and sympathy. Though the State has cut the connection between itself and the Church, it cannot, thank God, sever the union between the Church and its members ; it can never separate them, and they are united still; and we look across the Channel to those who love God's truth and Word for sympathy. Give us fair play — that is all we ask — and let justice be administered with an even hand, and we will hold Ireland for God and the truth, and win the battle for Him. Our Church can only exist as she is the missionary church which your Society is helping her to be." The Bev. Canon Eleming, (Ballinakill), speaking from an experience of twenty- seven years, spent in connection with the Society in the West of Ireland, said : 44 During that time I have seen church after church built, aud congregations gathered into them composed chiefly of converts from the Church of Borne. I have seen school after school opened by tbe Society, and, in fact, a generation of youDg people educated in them who are now scattered all over the world, some of them teacherB and agents and some or dained missionaries of the Society. In the West the Society has been passing through a great crisis, for the Priests have availed themselves of the Land League in order to attack it. Intimi dation and boycotting have been used, and I myself on one occasion was fired, at when .I was: driving home from one of my sorviceSj bub providentially escaped injury., .1 arri thankful to say, however, . that in my .part of the; country? the Bo-, man, Catholics, were never more accessible than they are at present; The Headers of the Society are able to visit the people in their houses; and to carry on interest ing diseussipns. withutheiri.: There is also : a spirit , of,' inquiry abroad which all the power of the. priests cannot. putrdown, for. the people are resolved upon hearing both sides. for themselves.: In my parish they are; accustomed to meet iu each other's houses .to compare the Koinan Catholic and the Protestant versions of the Bible. Of, course1 : tlie' priests' are tryiug to put, i down the work of this society, but their power is going — their political power has gone— and the - slavish terror in which they held the peoplous fast disappearing. Latterly the priests have given up denouncing people, for it has been found " that ihoso whom they de nounced were among those who thrived best. The 'time has now arrived -when a forward step, should be taken in , the; West. , Many people remain in outward communion with the Church of Borne who have ceased to be. Catholics : at heart. S long as they remained at homo they were; afraid jo come out1 openly but frequently when they emigrate they become Pro testants. The real panacea for Ireland is God's Word. If wo desire to see Ireland loyal, contented prosperous, aud happy, it must 'be, done by. /giving her an open Bible." . u: ' The Bev. II. Eishe, Superintendent of the Dublin Mission, 44 1 quite concur in what has been said' of th e change that is taking place among the Boman Catholics in lreland. A man recently spoke some ; very Btrdhg .wprds in my bearing in refer ence to the priests;- and be closed by say ing, 4 1; am not the only man in Ireland that thinks like this-;' there, are .thousands: of Boman Gatholics airoiind who hold the same views as I do, and the time,: will, assuredly come when they will throw' the priests overboard.' , BoferencO;was made at, the commencement of . the meeting to loyalty .of Irishmen ; but there is a paper which ;I occasionally get — United Ireland —in order to see what, political wind it may- be '.blowing; Some five weeks ago when tlie: Prince of' Wales came over to' Ireland, I had the .misfortune; '...to. come across this paper. In it I read a numbers, of letters, the substance pf which was, 4 We, .don't want a foreign prince here — let him go .back to where he came from'; /there 'were 'two archbishops and one hundred- and 'seventy priests of the Church' of- Borne' who signed their names to this. , I ask, Is thisl ; loyalty to the CrowiPof Ireland ? : In the levees which were .lield I looked in wain for, the name of a single priest, .or, archbishop.'; Tdonot believe, there - was ;-ai. single dignitary who; wont to. pay ; i < homage. ! -'- Are we to lookto'suclr people for loyalty'? Nojif we . want .this 'we miist jook' to. .the iriin- oi'jty. of Protestants,1 fact is, if ' 4' foot Aids Devotion must never look to the Church of Borne, but to the Protestants of Ireland." In proceeding, the speaker said: "You have heard something of our work, and how God has placed a good deal of it in — the gutter. But you must remember it is not only with children we have to deal, and we have to thank God that he has brought a great number of adults to Christ. A few weeks ago, at an after- meeting, while a Beader was pointing an inquirer to Christ, a stranger came up to him, and said : 4 You do not remember me, but I was once a boy in the Schools of the Irish Churcli Missious, and I learnt those hundred texts of which you have been Bpeaking. But I went to the devil as fast as I could. By and by, however, God brought those texts which I had learnt into my mind, and He blessed tbem to my conversion.' " General Grant's Religious Convictions. — 4i Perhaps " (remurkB the Southern Gross ) '4 the utterance which speaks tnoBt favourably for General Grant's religiouB convictions is a 41 centennial message " for the boys and girls of America, written to the Sunday School Times when Grant himself was in the fullness of health and power as President of tho United States. Here iB tho message : A CENTENNIAL MESSAGE. from the president of the united states. Washington, 6th June, 1876. To the Editor of the Sunday School Times; Philadelphia. Your favour of yesterday, asking a message from mo to the children . and youth of the United States, to accompany your Centennial number, is this moment received. My advice, to Sunday Schools,. no -'matter what their denomination, is i Hold fast to the Bible as the sheet-anchor of your liberties ; write its precepts in your hearts, and practice thf.m in your uves. ' To the influence of this book are we in debted for alf the progress made in true civilisation, and to this wo muBt look as our £UIU17 111 WO IUIUIUI " Rigbteousnessbxalteth a nation : but sin is a reproach to any people." : Yours respectfully, ,U. S. GRANT. How Scripture should be Opened 1 lip.— Jerome, the translator of the Biblicn Vulgatn, thus writes' to; hisjfriend DamuscuB of Rome,.in respect' to the exposi tion of the inspired volume. "' He ..that . treatoth of Holy Scripture Bliould not borrow Aristotle's ' subUo reasoning, nor use'TulIy's eloquence, or the. flowers of Quintiliarij to rc- frebh his readers- with :liis declamations. His. discourse should be plain andrcommoni " It is- not. necessary that .it 'should' be 'composed1 ' with care : it is sufficient Uiat it'txpounds the, things and discovers the 'sense, of the Scrip- turo, and clears its obscurities; Let others: be eloquent, and; by that get commendation and. applause ; for my part I atn satisfidd to speak so as I may bo understood :':'ririd 'dis coursing (if the'1 Holy Scripture ;-I strive to, imitate its simplicity." When Jetome" coni-1 ploted his Latin Version /.of - tho NowTeata:' ment he began his version of. the. Old Testa-; ; ment; with the Book of Psalms, r evjsjng it by comparison with the Greek Septuagint,:ahd not' with the Hebrew text. The revision did' not, howbvor, generally' coinubend itself,; : possibly not boing thorough ; enough; The.' old error, Jerome, complains; prevailed over1, tho now correction, and was only supplanted by a! new and more thorough version;. still drawn directly from tlie Greek. From this, improved version the' Psalter in tliq/Englislf Book of Common Prayer is translated. On" this ground the differences ' between' it nnd, the Authorised Version are explainer!. Jerome, the illustrious reviser arid prolific comthen- 1 tatorwas born. at Stregoriium in 'Dalmatia, or as bbm'o suppose, Stridora in' Hririgiiry. ; ; The date of his birth; lies between 329 and 345 ' A.D. In 402; A:D.; his revision, of the Old Testabaent was corripfetbd. Ho. died at Bethjehem on th'e.30th Septeiriber, 420, A.D." Departure of the Hon. Alex ander Gordon, flf.E.C.— Wo be lieve this eetimablo gentleman has long con tomplatod settling in England, after his successful labours in Now South Wales. We' now have His depafture heralded by a public pulpit announcement ; by Dr. JdforiB.at Pitt Street Church, -arid by a special letter. of the Bishop of Sydnoy, inviting all to. attdnd his lecture on -Christian Evidence; not chiefly on account of the lecture, but to show respect to the lecturer; -This we rnrist acknowledge / looks very like an iri'siriuatibri that the lecture itself wouldiribt draw, and is.but a poor com- / pliinent to- the lecturo or leoturer. Could not tho personal li avb- taking bo accomplished without - connection1 with the . lecture on . Clnistiunity ? - - On a former leave-taking Mr. Gordon was greeted in tho columns of the Standard with some deprecating remarks becuuse of- his cruel arid uritruo attacks on tho Loyal Orange Institution. He had also been: disposed to depreciation of what he called dissenters "—or rather to a too ex: elusive churchinets. He retires now a! wiser and more .libera! man. The prelate of Pitt- street, and the prelate of St. Andrew's equally commend him. -He has likewise .learned; the zeal. and probity; 'and tho 'stcadfasthesSiin,' 'the faiih .of tho: Orangemen ' whom he 1 ubed ,t revile; Wo ; know1 that the. attack on the sbci of the Sunday lecturers which has turned tin tables, on them has been sustained largely by Me .Gordon's prirsearid influence i perhaps ho?- sees how .-utterly -useless itwduldbetoat-. tempt to defoiid -Christianity' against tlie : modern, \yeapbns; on -mere1' bhrifchy''Ita'citic8? On the whole we are glad to have the op- portunity of taking a second leave, since the former one necessarily partook somewhat of rebuke. Mr. Gordon has beon a liberal, generous, and active Christian. Ho has been lavish of his time ami of his money in help ing the Church to which ho belongs : and he lias strong claims on the gratitmlo of porsonR whom ho has privately befriended, and on tho affection of thoso who have known him intimatolj'. It is no wonder that the bishops and church bodies feel under obligations to him for his voluntary services : and yet in truth his legal or quasi-legal direction has always tended to the very grent danger of thoso who relied upon it. His conceptions of the Colonial Church, were eccentric, dif fering from thoso of every other part of the Church, and from the plain words both of statue and canon law. His dream of a patriarchate at Canterbury, ;and a dependence of every Colonial Clergy man and Sy nod ab solutely on tho patriarch, " was only a dream, but it was one to which the bishops and deana superstitiously clung, on his authority. His reading and ruling of. such statutes as the Church Act had to be officially overruled in several important particulars ; yet those very mis-rcadings are still acted on and circulated for the direction of the clergy, as if they had never been questioned. In fact, to tho eccles iastical rulers, Mr. Gordon's erroneous law has been a kind of fetish. They act as if . they thought that because he was a lawyer his law must.be rightal though it contradicted the' plain letter andjspirit of the Stntute. We are in a strait between two. That Mr. Gordon should jeavo Sydney is a great loss in a socitil arid religious point of view ; but that his local aud legal influence over the govern1 merit of the Church of England should be removed, \vill undoubtedly be a matter of congratulation. ' Professor Sinitll.— It is with very groat; sorrow that we announce the death of Dr. Smith, Professor of Chemistry, &e.;, in the University of Sydney. He was one of the first of the staff of teachers sent out to begin: the .work of the University, and he carried -it out with ability, industry : and succobs.. His; experience) and insight ; into, -tho secrets- of soience, increased and purified: /his;: faith; in; revealed religion : and in all jiis relationships, nna in puonq ana priyaief-ntene susiiamuu. the. character of tho true arid , cultured , Chris tian gent'oman... > ' , : , , The Bridge.— Sir, Henry Parkes car ried all before, him at Si; Leonards by meane bf: " tlie bridge." It iu.a kind of;, retribution ,6n his pnoinicsj who , at last;, election made. : tho. North Shore briclgq uri occasion of furious attacks on. him, . which were stupid calumnies.;; Over this same bridge lie now ' .marches . to ; victory. : and. the whirligigj of time bringsi about its own revenges. . : ; , , . Mr. Abigail.— Wq, apprehend that tlie votes .'of all but. the public houseand bre wery interest, , and. perhaps those of 'the-HiberaianH, . will unito in favour; of Mr. Abigail. .Hie- readiness in all calls on his ..benevolent exer tion, , his Iibbrtality of opinion, and his services in . Parliairierit, alike entitle, .him, to this, i bit would be a sad day for the.cause-of sobriety, and , a great. day for the priestly hangers on for undue influence ; and; a-day of regret for: those who, nro oppressed, if Mr. Abigail -were outside tho new parliament. , Ml. Premliu.— This gentleman ex- prosses liiinsolf as opposed to, the int erforence of the Orarigenion at elections. This con vie-1 tion is, however, only very lately arrived at. As; an . Orangeman, until these elections, be voted like other men. He has,1 perhaps; some reason for change: / . Xees "for East ; Sydney. — Wq; trust that all;our;brothren,;good men and triio in East Sydney, will give a, strong vole for Mr.; Lees.. -There ; is expected a closo contort betweon him and Mr. Copeland : ; and if this be so, let everything be done to decide for' Lees. Remember Mr. Copoland's post- prandial attempt to, stimulate the celticoroman : pro clivities — his > acknowledgment of tlie- services of the priestly party — hie " peculi- arites". (shall we call: it; ?) and the open; caiulid, and honestconductiof Mr. Lees in his1 municipal and public life; and if only plumping will do, let; Protestant and temper ance men, plump to put Lees in s and Copeland. out. That is wliat wo will d,i. Tlie Ghost of the Soudau Expedition.— There : iB a general lean ing towards oblivion of. the; excited und Bibornian rashness of Mr. Dalley) in ' tho' Soudan expedition. \Yhen;.the excitement was at fevqr heat, wo were, perhaps, the only paper in Sydnoy which ventured to, express disapproval of the unconstitutional and ex-1 travagant move. , We rejoice that the Bpeedy ' return, .of .the men saved us from wors.»/ .results, and that somo good wus obtained by the impression rnado on .foreign nations of the loyalty of the i colonies.: .; Brit no 'Britisli statesman ;won|d have advised us that . tit i sufficient occasion had really arisen ; "arid Wo have no doubt that the Ministry, .which effected the expedition will- suffer in reputa tion in our history. . /.; Smallpox. — Archibald and : Frank Phillips,'. .two of the . persons/removed from the . infected , .house at : Raudwiok. to the Quarantine station have, developed Smallpox', , in a mild form. The disease has: altogotlicr- : attacked, six metnbeis of-tbiei unfortunate family. Ad a Phillips who was .dangerously ill is. improving, , and the /others-, have' re- / covered. , . Miss .Foreman,- Stewardess of the > wh.o.iivvns; at ;..the. /Quarantine/ station has developed Smallpox in a. mild forrri ' aid ' was romoved-;to,tho Faraway, the hos- pitalrj ship. Another of . tho quarantined ' persons is unwell; and is under observation. - 1 Tlie Present Ministry at Sixes and Sevens.— Last - week ,'/wo; called attention, , .to, thoi Hon. Mr. Abbott's : address and its inferences, which might be construed into reflections on the Hon. Mr. FarneU'8 administration of his late depart ment. Mr. Furnell so felt them, it seems, or else ho wor glad of an excuse to leave a sinking ship, for on Friday, the 9th instant, he sent to Mr. Dibbs his resignation of the office of Minister for Justico and representa tive of the Government and the Legislative Council, ' Because," he said " the address of the Land Minister to the electors of Gunne- dah is a gross libel on the able and efficient officers of tlio Lands Department, and a reflection upon myself." After all, the reso lutions of the Gosford banquet, which were so strenuously denied afterwards, wore true. (Verum in Vino ) The Stuart Government wore not the happy family the mem bers of it endeavoured to make- the outside public believe. They really were preparing for a scramble for the Pre miership, and for the sake of office, smothered their dissensions and hid from the public. Mr. Farnell, after his retirement from the political arena, which bo says is only tarn- porary, let off some of his spleen, and, perhaps, exposed one groat reason of his retirement by publicly declaring the DibbB Government to bo "a rotten Government," and yet it is largely composed of members of " the happy family," the Stuart Government. It is an exlraordinary government ; indeed, it lias no business to be called a government, for it has almost usurped its functions. Two of the members have already had a falling out/ and one has resigned, and no one has been found yet to fill his place. The Pre mier, Mr. Dibbs, sends almost to the other end of the world for Sir Patrick Jennings, a man who has never shown any capacity for a high- ministerial post, ;i and who has had very slight experience, and offers him his choice of portfolios/ and ''actually ' unswears himself/ gives up the Colonial Secretaryship in his favour, and swears himself in as Colonial Treasurer.' ;8ir '-PntHck'swhole qualification for office : in M r.f Dibbs' eyes must be that lie, is a 'wealthy Roman ' Catholic/ and the ap pointment of a Roman ! Catholic, though inefficient, may please the Roman Catholic Cliurch, and gain her block support for the Government; What matters it to Mr. Dibbs whether Sir Patrick is capable or incapable. If he' ean gain a certain block vote he will give up the most responsible office in the colony; to inefficient hands, amid the ridicule of the "general community. Sir Patrick will, of course, do as ho is told by the Church of Rome, and Cardinal Moran . will be the real Colonial Secretary, and as the Premier gives' way incontinently for the sake of office, the Cardinal will be really Premier. A pretty state of things this. But will the country allow- this? We- trust that it certainly will not. Mr. Dibbs, the Premier, will very likely be defeated' at St. Leonards, and where will the Government be then ? Mr. Badgery, who came over from determined Oppositonin an; hour at the offer of a portfolio, will be left out in the cold on Friday by the Camden electors. ' The Hon. Mr. Wright hasn't a ghost of a ohauce of being returned. Alto gether, the Dibbs Ministry are "looking very foolish." The whole country is ridiculing them>" The patclied-up cabinet will' get" a great fall, and, like Humpty Dumpty, will bo broken so that it can never be made whole again. ! The country cannot seriously consider such a Ministry as in office at all ; and the construction of the Government that must take -the place' of this pretence is a more interesting- question, because it is of more practical importance. 