SPORTING N0FE5. By Newmarket. Under the able direction of Mr. H. Byron Moore, special efforts, are being made to render the autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing Club, which commences at Fleming- ton to-day (Saturday), a greater success than any previous gathering held at this period of the year. For the convenience of country visitors, arrangements have been made for the running of trains on all the main lines, while the traffic system for the conveyance of visitors to the coarse will be found to be j very complete. A great attraction of j the meeting will be the presence of the Australian Band, under the direc tion of Signor Zelman, and as the lawn and all its surroundings are in excellent order, and the number of horses ! engaged at the meeting is very large, the racing promises to be of a very interesting ! character. For the convenience of patrons | of the hill, hot water will be supplied free of ! charge, and fresh milk will be obtain- j able on the ground. Hampers left at \ M'Oulloch's parcels delivery office, Collins i street west, before 12 o'clock on eaeh day of j the races; will be conveyed to the lawn, ! and will be afterwards delivered in the j suburbs if required. j Thongh there may come a period when ; St. Patrick's Day as a musical composi i tion will not be contained in the repertoire j ef an organ grinder, there is little fear of j the memory .of the patron saint of Ould ' Ireland fading, for the want of per- j petuation in Australia. For though , friendly societies may grow apothetic j and athletic . contests may wane, racing secretaries will always be ready to j step into the breach and furnish a day's sport for the historical 17th of March. In the ocuntry towns thiB year, like all others, there will be any amount of raoing on St. Patrick's Day. Locally, however, the occasion will be celebrated at Elsternwick Park, when quite a gala day will be provided J by the V.T.C. First on the programipe ' comes the Champion Stakes (trot), free for all, of 100 eovs., one mile heats. b66t two in three. Such horses as Len Rose and Honesty will measure strides in this event. The contest ought to be WftH worth, witnessing. The other events on the menu belong to what is known as the "legitimate game," and com prise the Shamrock Handicap, of 50 so vs., five furlor-gs ; Erin Hurdle Bsce, o 75 scve., one mile and five furlongs ; Selling Race, of 50 soys., half a mile ; St.. Patrick's Steeple chase, of 75 soys , about, two miles ; and the Elsternwick Park Cup and Mount Maoedon Trophy. The ent: y for this event has already cli 8' d and, as . a large field is assured, the meeting to be held at Elsternwick on the 17th prox. should prove very .successful. It is urged by sportsmen of the old school that borte-raciog, as at present conducted on the principal racecourses throughout the colony, has, nwiug to the completeness of the arrangements at the various meetings, be- ! corns mechanical as a pastime, anil that the 1 sport, in consequence, has lost many of its ; moBt interesting features. Whether it was to | illustrate tb is theory by reproducing a "race- day" of early Australia that the meeting held at Doccarter on Saturday last was pro moted cou'd rot be determined, but certain it was that the gathering was of a most primitive eharaoter, and the numerous incidents of the afternoon furnished no end of amusement for the spectators. The aHe»dauoe was decidedly heteiogeneoas, the smaller by among betting-men, oar d -sharpers, magsmen, and kindred vampires of society being numerously represented ; indeed, it may be said that tbey constituted the great bulk of the occupants of the saddling paddock. Most of the respectable portion o i the attendance viewed the racing drama from their vehicles drawn up in the osntre of the eonrse. It was only at intervals that any of the official were seen in the steward e room, \- and the question " Are yon a steward, sir ?' was asked of nearly every respectable-looking person men near the building. The racing was not invested with any special feature of interest, bat one horse, Black Jack, seemed to be a familiar object to the ruetio youth of Doncaster. The local "racer " made hie first appearance in the Maiden Plate, and when the four competitors were despatched on their journey, a delighted shout proclaimed the fact that Black Jack was in front. Soon after the start tbe burses disappeared down an incline, and as th6y were seen to aeoend tbe opposite rise, the mortifying intelligence was quickly uttered that Black Jeh was last. The first heat of the Trotting iD.ee did not possess much interest, but oneof the bystanders showed hie contempt for the speed | of the last horse by racing him home on foot for tbe last 100 yards. In the subsequent heat dissatisfaction was expressed with the manner in whiob Ozodone was ridden, and the stewards substituted another rider, but tbe change of horsemen did not prevent Neptune from winning easily. The crowd now became very boisterous, and both riders were cheered and hooted simultaneously. The Doncaster Handicap was won by the favourite, Angler, but a protest was entered against him for interfering with Eagle. Daring the lodging of tke objection the steward's room waB fiiled with backers of the favourite, bookmakers, and disappointed supporters of the eecond horse. Eaeh person wildly demanded that tbe matter Bhccld be derided favourable to his particular interests. Just out " side the door card-sharpers busily plied their game unmolested. With some difficulty the stewards' rooms was cleared, and as it was not proved that Eagle was in terfered with, the race was awarded to Angler. The Galloway Race wss easily appropriated by Bruce. Unfortunately, one of the competitors, Tip Cat, overpowered his diminutive rider and ran against a trep, tke poor little fellow reccivirg a natty shaking by the mishap, A desultory meeting was brought f o a close by Ferryman winning the Belling Race from Shadow. Black Jack made his re- appearance in this event, but again were the hopeB of his admirers doomed to disappointment, for this time the black one made a short cut inside the posts on going down th-3 hill the first time ; and sb bis rider had to pull up and go on to the course at the point the horse left it, Black Jack waB nearly half a mile behind in the first round. - He continued on, however, with tortoise like pertinacity, but where he ultimately finished, or whether he finished at all, could only be known to those who closely observed bis movements. A horse named Reprieve, late Reform, said- to be tbe steeple chaser who broke bis leg in Adelaide, ran in the same race, and was -afterwards claimed and sold to Mr. Braken for £28. Racing men who intend trying their fortunes at Cranbourne on tbe 21st of next month muBt not forget that nominations will be due with the hon. secretary, Mr. T. Haydon, 100 Bourke street, on Tuesday next, the 3rd March. The programme has been ; made as attractive as possible, and the | different items on tbe bill of fare should commend themselves to owners and trainers. J The events that require attention on Tues day are the Hurdle Race, Cranbourne Handicap, and Western Port Steeplechase. ! Monday next, the 2nd March, will be an eventful day in the annals of rseing, idbb- ! much as on that date owners and trainers j will be called upon to nominate for the Goodwood Handicap 'and Adelaide Cop, | which, paradoxical as it may appear, are to be run at Flemington racecourse - early in the month o May. That the change | of venue, will result profitably te those ! courageous South Australian promoters | of the meeting is admitted on all ; sides, while there is little doubt that racing ; men throughout tbe colonies will show their i appreciation of the strong love of the sport ; displayed by members of the S.A.J.C. and | nominate freely for both events of the meet- ! ing. | While on the subject of entries, it would | be as well to call attention to tbe fact that ; nominations for the V.AT.C meeting to be I run at Caul field on this day fortnight. Of | course, the principal event of the meeting will be tbe Oakleigb Handicap, a contest which much resembles the great short- !. distance race to be decided to-day at i Flemington. The entry for this event is ' closed, but the other items contained in the : programme require to be nominated for. | They are— the Selling Race, of 50 sovs. ; ! Hurdle Race, of 100 sovs. ; Steeplechase, of 130 sovs. ; and South Y&rra; Handicap, of 100 sovs. Like the Oakleigh Handicap, tbe entry for the Criterion Stakes, for two- yearg olds, has closed with a goodly number of entries. Thoso owners who " do" the circuit will have plenty to engage their attention next week, for between Monday and Saturday next a host of country meetings will require to be attended to. Among the entries to be made on the 3rd March are those of Green s Creek Meeting, Corop (general entries), Moama (entries principal events), and Albury (acceptances). On the 5th prox., Marong and Romsey entries must be sent in, and Kerang entries will be - due on the 7th March, so that, what with acceptances and the appearance of handi caps, country sporttmen will be kept on the alert all the week. The committee of the Y.R.O. have not made any definite appointment for the judgeship, rendered vacant by the death of Mr. J. JohnBton, but Mr. G. Yowles, who officiates in a similar capaoity for the V.A.T O., has consented to act during the autumn meeting, which commences at head quarters to-day. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co. will submit a draft of thoroughbred stock from tbe establishment of Mr. W. Calvert, jun on Tuesday, next, at Kirk's Bazaar. '' The Toeumwal Annual Races took place on Saturday last, and as the weather was finfe and the attendance numerous, the gathering passed off successfully. The veteran Devjin'started fin the tearing event, the Hardle Race, bat he oould get rio tsieater than fceoond to Allidoris. . ! .Maydew won the Ma|den PlaB from Jcrramo, Misfortune, ted three others, ted foliowed bp her suocess by appropriating the ToCumwal Handicap, Wellington being second, and Eros third. The Border Stakes fell to Allidore, Welling, ton and Rrosngain filling the plaoes. Silence proved victorious in the Selling Raoe over ibe Cockney, a hone which in Zola's year was thought g&od; enough to win the MeL! bourne Gap, The meeting eonoladed with the Flying Stakes, which resulted in » win for Larrikin, with Lion eecond, and mi - fortune third. . - While a more pretentions racing drama u being enacted in Sydney within the confines of the Bandwiok enclosure, a pleasant gathering will be assembled at the Williams- town racecourse to witness the sport by Mr. F. W. Sutton's club. With the pro- speots of railway communication direet to the course, and a number ol other improvements on the coarse, the ensuing meeting of the Williamstown club promises to be one of the most successful held at the 'fishing village." The programme is a fairly liberal one, and comprises the Handicap Hurdle Race, of 50 aovs., one mile and three quarters ; Altona Handioap, of 60 sovs., five furlongs; Telegraph Stakes, of 60 80vs. i half a mile ; Steeplechase, of 50 sovs., two miles; and Seaford Handicap, of 75 sovs., one mile and a quarter. Owners will have plenty of time to peruse the bill of fare, which appears in another column, as the nominations will not be due until the 23rl March. From an English paper I learn that a betting transaction formed the subject of an aetion-at-law before Mr. S. Eddis, judge at the Clerkenwell Court. The plaintiff, Edward Akermau, said the defendant, William Fall, came to him and asked him to invest on his behalf £15 on Light Heart for the Great Eastern Handicap. Akerman carried out these instructions, and backed the horse witn three different bookmakers for £t> - Light Heart did not win, and plaintiff applied for the money on settling day. The defendant, however, said that the bet was made on behalf of a friend in the country, and that the latter had remitted 15s. instead of £15, with the contention that he had only ordered 15s. to be put on. The error in the amount was alleged to have been made through a blunder in the telegram conveying the instructions to bet. The defendant stated that he explained the circumstance to the bookmaker, and offered the 15s. sent by the perron for whom the bet was made, and this, it was endeavoured to be shown, was sufficient to absolve defendant from action. The judge said that the law relating to commission agents and their clients was clearly laid down in the aotion of Reid v. Anderson, and the case then bafore bim was precisely similar. Plaintiff had been instructed to make the bets, and therefore he was entitled to a verdict for the amount claimed with costs. La Grand broke down badly on Tuesday last, and was scratched for all hie Y.R.C. engagements. Among the arrivals at Flemington this week was- W. Yeomana, who comes with Hawkesbury and the Jumpers Student and Triokett. The two were taken to the Race course hotel, where Brown and Rose, Garfield, and Manchester are also located. Up to to the time of writing, neither Arohie nor Surrey had pot in an appearance, but Mr. I. Foul- sham's team, comprising Malua, King of the Gipsies, Sirocco, Aohilles, and Salvo, and Mr. Whittingham'sPrometheus andXantippe, have left their marine quarters, and are now at headquarters. The annual meeting of the Beechworth Amateur Racing Club was held on Monday. The Hon. F. Brown, M.L.C., was appointed president; Mr. W. H. Forster, P.M., judge ; Dr. Deshon, hon. sec. ; and Mr. R. Taylor, hon. treasurer. L100 was allotted for the Easter Monday race meeting. We understand that a writ has been issued by Mr. L. Barnard, of Collins street, against the committee of the Victorian Clnb, Messrs. C. D. O'Halloran, J. L. PurveC, J. Grice, J. Wagner, H. Smith, C. Brown, and H. Power, to prevent them from depriving him of membership of the clnb, and to recover £5,000 for his expulsion from the institution. The action arises over the Hurricane betting case. We have to record the death of the race horse Le Grand, who died through injuries received while undergoing a p. -„j>aratiou P Al_ - IT T> n A MdAftn/v r .A lOr Hue Y XiUkUlUU U9 Grand was bred by the late Sir Joshua Peter Bell, of Queensland, and was got by the imported horse Epigram from Legend. He was a most successful performer on the turf, having won, as a three-year old, the Mares' Produce Stakes at Hawkesbury, the A.J.C. Derby, AJ.C. Craven Plate, Randwick Plate, V.RC. Royal Park Stakes, Geelong Mares' Produce Stakes, V.R C- Champion Stakes (beating Commotion, Off Colour, Martini Henry, and others), A.J .C. St. Leger, and Cumberland Stakes. Le Grand was a particularly well- grown horse, and his loss will fall very heavily on his popular owner, Mr. D. S. Wallace. Although there has not been the same amount of double-event wagering on the Newmarket Handioap and Australian Cup as in former years, a considerable amount of speculation has taken place over the fit et-named event, and a lot of money has been invested on several of the candidates for the great Bhort- distance event. Prometheus so impressed the touts at Flemington with his first gallop after his arrival that the Mordialloo representative was fairly rushed, and one time reached 5 to 1\. Yesterday, however, Sir Garnet sup planted him in the quotations, and was firm at 100 to 15, a shade longer odds being offered against Mr. Whittiugham'e horse. Coronet found support at 10 to 1, Battalions and Salvo 12 to 1 each, Muscovite, Garfield, and Leporello 20 to 1 each, Middlemarch, Velocipede, Coningsby, The Ghost and Welcome Jack 25 to 1 each, the others ranging down to 33 to 1. Sheet Anchor pulled up very lame after a gallop yesterday afternoon, and it is probable that he will be unable totulfil his engage ments at Flemington to day. The sale of booths for the Autumn Meeting of the V.R.C. was conducted at Kirk's bazaar at noon on Monday. The attendance was good, and the bidding erited. The following is the result of the sale jffili ? Booth No. 6a, 54ft., L42, Mr. Skinner; No. L 45ft., L50, ,Mr. Skinner ; No. 3, 40ft., L48, Mr, Skinner ; No. 5, 40ft., L46, Mr. SheehanjjNb. 7.50ft., L42,Mr. O'Brien; iNo. 9a, 60ft.,'L48, Mr. Evans; No. 9b, 60ft., L16, Mr. Evans. Fruit site, L7, Mr. Woolf. Fishmonger's stall, L2, Mr. Malone. Flat : Booth No. 8, L17, Mr. Skinner ; No. 6, L17, Mr. Skinner ; No. 4, L18, Mr. Skinner ; No. 2, L19, Mrs. DArcy. Outer-circle paddock, L32, Mr. Boleyn. Gates, LL80, Mr. J. Warne. The total realised was L584, being an increase of L74 30s. on last year's lata 