queries and Answers. TUBF. .. _ An. Sydney, inquires what none. uw o. June. White bas eugmged in th.V.BG> Dnty. Answer— Nordenfeldt, Mitchloct fcennoi. If onto Chiieto, Hexhnm. UnlU. snd OMCiA. K. L., uuinmtk sskb whether llama.... - Awiiia, Answer— Tee j in the Y.K.C. Uwoy, asks r— What weight did Commotion sarry when lie won the Derby to lS81? AMwer-Com. motion did not win the Derby. He —i UjW to Duebin. He carded bin proper weight, Bnt. loin. whether Chester won the V.R.C. St. Leger. Answer— No; the V.B.C. Lezer of 78 was won by First King. M. J. O'B., Dobbo, asks for the breeding of Cerise and Blue. Answer— By Wilberforoe— Myrtle. 8UBSCSXBEB, Geelong. wants to know what is meant byr The Barb's year." Answer-1866. ss The Barb won the Melbourne Cup in that year - Malua asks if King of the Gipsies is in training. Sirescoisra, Williamstown, asks if Monte Cbriato woa ever ridden by T. CorriKoninarace. Answer Aacsis asks what weight Archie carried in the Melbourne Cupof 18®. Anawer— 8at.31b. Bubscbiseb oaks whether the owner of Coronet has . backed him to win the double, Melbourne and Coalfield Caps. Answer— Not to otfr knowledge. A. E. IS., Adelaide, aakss— L If the rumour is true About Commotion going to the stud after the Melbourne Cop. 2. If be is & likely starter for the next Champion, and bis weight. , Answer— 1\. We do not know. 2. In the event of his starting for the Champion his weight will be Sat. 51b. 6 poet says I backed that a horse has done a mile inlntin.40aec. Will you be kind enough to say what horse diditiidxn what race it was? Answer — Boolka's time for the Yarraville Stakes, run at the V.R.C. Champion Meeting 18s3, was officially given as lmin. 40seo. Private watches made it lmin. 43aec. and llmin. 44s ec., bat ithe official time most be accepted as authentic. SUBSCQifiEa asks s— What were the nomce ana weights of the tbreo placed horses in the Mel- bourno Cup ol 1883 ! Answer-Hurtioi Henry, ftt. Sib. 1; Firot Water, 8st 21b., 2i Oommo- tiou, 10b t. lib., S, . T. ST.. eaadburst. asks the names of the starters for the last V.S.C. Derby. Answer— Bufos, David, Bargo, Hippogriff, Sea Horee, Mozart. Leporolle, Merrimu. Tremaudo, Gratitude, and Sandal. C. E , Flinders-lane, asks the pedigree of First Light. Answer— By Torchlight out of Rosalind. M. B.« Esaendon, asks.— Did Hie Ghost fiaiih third for the Goodwood Handicap rnn at t'lemington last May I Antwer— Tea. O, h., Hotham, asks:— A sweep is about to be drawn in which there « re two prizes. W and C briog members, W takes the horse he draws against the one C d'aws, C'a horse getting second prize, FJeaae decide who wins, your decision beiog final. Answer— C wins. W. L , HoUiam.aaks the date and hoar when Archie was r cratch ed for the Melbourne Cup. Answer- On the 3rd August, at 2.10 p.m. A. 0 B. asks :— What horses run under black and gold and black and yellow for the next Melbourne Cup t Answer— Bristol, yellow body, white eleevsa, and black cap ; Cerise and Blue, black with gold stripes; Claptrap aod Prometheus, black and gold ; Lord Exeter, black, gold r-leeves, and cherry cap ; The Israelite, yellow, black saeh, and yellow cm - Tbf< pencil, black hodc. vellow sleeves and Cap ; Velocipede, yellow jacket and black cap. It docs not follow, however, tbat all of these will carry those coluum in the race. Book, Horsham, writes ' Will you kindly decide the following, vis. There is a Formers' Base. Conditions— Horses to carry 12st.j horse first past the post to pull 2 tons within 15 minutes, 60 yds., in and out. I lay several wagers against horses, and none of the starter succeed in palling the weight. Tho stewards declare the race null and void. I maintain the public lose their money, as they hada possibility of winning. Tour decision will oblige. Answer— As neither of the horsta complied with the conditions the stewards very properly declared the affair null and void, and all bets are consequently off. ScBSCBt&Gn; asks the explanation of the names Oudris and Vernot. Answer Oudeie is the Greek for ' nothing." Vernet was & celebrated French painter of battle pieces and horses. ATHLETICS. A. l. wUhos to know the longest distance corercd in one hour walking. Answer— 8 miles 308 yards ; Meagher, New York. W. Q. asks:— What is the highest running high juuip ever been done in Australia, and by whom 1 Answer— 5ft. 9in,, P. Egan. FOOTBALL. W. P., Fitzroy, asks Whet was the result of the second match between Essendon and South Mel bourne in 1884? Answer— A draw. WRESTLING. G. P., Ballarat Fast, uki 1. How the French hug is put on that was so much used in the late wrestling contest ! k. The side-hold, neck- lock, and back- hold j and also where a good book on wrestling cuuld be obtained, and how much! Aoswers— i. The atms are pressed round the back of the neck and brought under the chin and crossed, the elbow of each arm then resting in either hand. In side- hold a belt is placed round the body, and tbi is grasped with one hand at the back. In the neck-lock the hands are claptd at the back of the neck. Back-bold tbe hands are passed round the body, and clasped at the back. 2\. Any bookseller. Ask for Captain Crawley's work on ' Gymnastics." Donald. N.s.W., asks Donald Dinnie's age. Answer— 48. CARDS. D. E. F., Carislirook, writes A plays a 3, B playn an oee, C ploys 2, aod takes a run of 3, D plays 2, mat 65 a pair, A plays one more 3, B plnye a<2, C plays an ace, and claims a run of 3. Is the last run right ? Answer— Tea. FOOTLIGHTS. Wagga writes:— What was the highest price of admission charged in the pit to witness the per formance of the pantomime of Cinderella, played in Melbourne lost Christinas ? Answer— Is. boxing., --u-atz nit A ScDscnrnr.n, Soutli ' t i? Senile of. s»-a»v»"?t®rere,lt lees ia a our- it 'contest. Marquis of Qucensberry rules? "Answer— No. MISCELLANEOUS. A Subscribed writes Would you be so kind as to tell me, through your paper, what stakeB are of the most value, tho Waterloo Cup or the Mel- liourno Cup. Answer— Tbe Melbourne Cup, for which money totalling £2477 was paid over ; tha Waterloo Cup money paid over being £1520. Constant Header wishes to know whore ho can obtain a day's hare or rabbit shooting ? Answer —At the Werribee. T. E. D., Sandhurst, write:— Wor'd you kindly answer, through your valuable piper, to deride a bet. I bet that the Caspian Sea, 8.E. of Buuia, is surrounded by land, ana is therefore a lake. Would you kindly answer and let us know ia ysor next if such is tbe case f Answer —The Caspian Sea is properly a lake. 