MELBOURNE. (FItOil OUB OWN COKBESrONDENT.) Thursday. The Cabinet met this afternoon at 2 o'clock, and sat until half-past 5. It may be presumed that the probabi'ities of war between England and Russia, and the Defence question formed the principal topics of discussion ; but all information as to the ministerial deliberations was withheld. Rumors have been current to the effect that torpedoes are at once to be laid down in the Bay, but no doubt such reports are premature ; although it may be anticipated that the Torpedo Corps will be instructed to have everything in a for ward state of preparation for an outbreak of hostilities. Mr James Munro, one of our leading public men, though at present out of Par liament, who left, with some of his family, on a trip to the old country, by the mail steamer to-day. was entertained at breakfast at the Atlienajum Hall this morning. The company included many well known in and out of the House, both the President of the Council and the Speaker of the Assembly being amongst the guests. The affair being a breakfast, and the gathering mainly a teetotal one, the toasts were drunk, if at all, in tea, coffee or lemonade. In acknowledging the receipt of an illuminated address, Mr Munro said that political parties had federated, and wero a happy family. He said he did not think it vyas fair for a gentleman who was living in England, on the income from property acquired here, to grumble against the laws of the coun try. ' In his opinion absolute want of success in a country like this, where all had fair play, argued something wrong in the community. He did not think he had a single political enemy, and he felt the kindliest feelings towards all his oppo nents. Mr LouisBarnard, a well known sporting man, has brought a suit in Equity against the committee of the "Victorian Betting Club to restrain them from depriving him of his rights and privileges as a member of the club. The matter came on to-day and was partly heard. Mr Barnard and Mr Summers were fined by the club owing to their having interfered on be half of a bookmaker named Fleming, •whose conduct was under investigation by the club, and upon Mr Barnard refusing to pay the fine he was expelled, hence the'' suit. The following tenders were accepted to-day by the Board of Land and Works : —Repairs, painting, fencing, etc., Or derly room, West Melbourne, I). Norris, £38517s Gd ; new courthouse, Sunbury, Dodridge and Robertson, £507 93 6d ; fittings, etc, at new courthouse, Dunolly, James N. Bell, £233 10s ; repairs, paint ing, etc., courthouse, Echuca, James Howard, £'G7; alterations and repairs, post office, Avenel, W. Watson, £53 7a Gd ; additions and repairs to police station, Wodonga; Geo. Haird, £274 Gs Gil ; partial removal and reconstruction of the Waterford bridge, Stratford to Dargo road, James Dalton and Co., £879; wooden building for State school at Balmattnm, Robert Gourlay, £36010s Gd ; repairs, Reefton bridge, Upper Yarra road, contract 174a., Cowan and Talbot, £G0 ; renewing two culverts, Wood's Point road, R. S. Smith, contract 170a, £3G 13s 3d ; metalling deviation, Wood's Point road, contract 17Ga, Wm. Sullivan, £284 lis ; new dead letter office, stores, etc., for general post office, P. Taylor, £2855. Tenders for repairs, etc., to post and telegraph office, Heath cote, to be re-advertised. According to a report received by the Acting-Secretary for Mines this morning from Mr Dyason, Mr G. Lansell's man ager, the yield for mine Kb. 180, Sand hurst, from the fortnight endiDg. the 31th inst., was 353 ounces of gold from 438 tons of stone. Messrs Nixon and Graff, the two pas sengers by the Ringarooma, who were! placed in quarantine on the arrival of the steamer at the Heads, under the supposi tion that they had been in contact with small-pox passengers at Sydney, were re leased from the quarantine station at the Heads yesterday, after a detention of 14 j days. They were quite well when dis charged, and had exhibited no symptoms of the disease during their sojourn at the station. At the sitting of the Lunacy Commis sion this afternoon, some female warders were examined, who generally denied the charges of inhumanity brought against the attendants at the New Asylum ; also a warder named Dougharty, whose evi dence was to the same effect. The chair man said he had expected that a witness would have been prepared with some im portant evidence, but he was not ready, and would have to be reserved for next time. The following horses have accepted for the Oakleigh Handicap, the principal event in the V.A.T.C. Caulheld pro gramme of Saturday :—Helene, The Ghost, Ironmaster, Meander, Meteor, Duenna, Coningsby, Squireen, St. Law rence, Carbuncle, Manfred, Salvo, Alpha bet, Gymphana, Lavington, Lucky Hit, First Love, Babecia, Lady Lovelace, Xantippe, Seaweed, Nuncio, Chloe, Mookra, Glitter, Marie Louise. 