CAMIOLA: A GIRL WITH A FOBTmfE. By justin McCarthy, Author of 'Miss Misanthrope,' 'Maid of .Athens,' &c.; {Fublished by special arrangement with the author. \- All rights reserved.] Ch&piee; I.— Fttzubsehasi. Achurchand churchyard stand ontheedgeof a Inroad river. The waters of the stream wash the outer wall of the churchyard when the tide ?is full, or even, half frill; and sometimes in the stormy days of -winter and spring the waves toss themselves far over the -wall, and sport ^nd splash among the quiet tombs and hillocks of the dead. . The -visitor who loots over the - low wall across the river and sees the heavy coats with their white or dark red sails floating lazily past, or if the fide be low- a strip of shore beneath him with rusty anchors lying on it, and the hulks of ancient craft stranded high . and dry, is apt for the moment to be charmed by the mere sensuous beauty of the scene into sheer forgetfulness of the associations with graves, and death, and man's sad transitory career, which are proper to the paths and the mounds just behind aim. The church itself baGeorgianstracture, withasquarebricktower, .and the tower surmounted by a conical spire of iron painted adnll green, and withavaneonthe top. A pillared portico shelters the church -doors. __ At least one famous tomb is to be seen in the interior — the monument of a great man whose career of activity was strangely cut off before his life had reached anything like its middle period. On a bright summer day, or ' perhaps, better still, on some soft sweet melan choly day of early autumn, a visitor, blest with .any sense of the picturesque^ who lounges in that lonely churchyard, has a dreamy and de lightful time of it. Bis enjoyment is not likely to be much disturbed, fie may lounge there long and often enough without meeting \- any other lounger. Taken on the whole — ?cihiTTch, churchyard, and river — it is hot easy to imagine a scene more interesting and more I suggestive of picturesque association. 'Set it hardly ever happens .that any one turns in to . iave a look at-the place^-and it lies on the banks ol She Thames, and if you lean a little ' .forward over the churchyard wall and look to jour right yon can, on any day of reasonably -lear atmosphere, have a -good sight of the towers of Westminster Palace and the dome of St. Paul's. ; Behind the church lies a town— it is not -quite easy to - say whether it ought to be -called a town or ofcjly a suburb of London. ' It is not much outside the four-mile radius, and it is certain that you can walk from the ?old church right into Trafalgar- square without _a tingle breach of continuity as regards streets and houses. 'Yet it seems unreasonable to ?describe the place as a suburb of London. It has . an existence all its own, and London .absolutely ignores that existence. It is a for lorn place altogether. . Modern ways have not touched it ; the prosperity of the capital has .given it no share. Geographically it is an *asy walk from Charing Gross; morally and «odally it is hundreds of miles and several .generations away from the life of London. It is intensely interesting in a sort of way ; it has the picturesqneness of- decay and failure and utterly hopeless -prostration. Grass ,growE in the principal thoroughfares ; whole rows of houses are toilet. Ancient anansions, which look as if they had -a curse upon them, fall into green-moulded jinn behind great high enclosing walls. Some -of these may have Been, probably must have been, the dwellings of high and mighty per sonages in days of yore ; in tiie days, perhaps, -when the cause of the: Stuarts yet hadhones! .and victims, and heroes. Now they are -tenantlesB, and nobody seems to mind or to take any account of them. It would be curious rto know what would ; happen if somebody were quietly to settle down as an occupant in one -of them;. were i» light fires in the rusty old -*. grates, and bring a besom to bear on the -.' : ^spider-draped windows,- Wpuldaw authorised ?-': caretaker come to interfere with him ; to ask -inm what lie was doing there; to raise the , . --questi6n of ownership and rent? «My . im : ^ression is that nothing of the kind would ?.'.-?- :'? nappen^:that the venturesome Bqua'tter might -equatandnoeoul interfere to disturb him. The whole place might be likened to the point at which the buckets meet in a mine-, t-haft, one going up, the other coming down. Its occupants were those who were just begin ning a career in the world, and those who having attempted one and failed were slowly, steadily going down to reappear no more. Settled respectability of whatever condition in life had nothing to do with this strange, dreary, fascinating region. The very green grocers who permanently occupied houses there were a seedy and ruinous lot. A spirited costermonger beginning with a donkey and cart, and hawking his vegetables from door to door of these streets and roads, looked out -with courage and confidence to the day when he should quit the place for ever and start a green-grocery in _ some more auspicious quarter. The ambition of every healthy-minded potboy, baker's boy, and servant-of-all-work was to get out of_ the. neighborhood and set up in some more thriving spot. On the other hand, the ruined and broken, the defeated and disconsolate, sought the place as if attracted thitber by some natural affinity or supernatural charm. It drew them towards it as the enchanted mountain of loadstone in the ' Arabian Nights' drew to itself all the bolts and nails out of the approaching ships. Perhaps one natural ex planation of this was that rents were very low in this forlorn quarter, and that there were plenty of houses always empty to choose from. Some lunatics had from time to time ventured on running up new rows of buildings in the blighted swampy fields under the im pression perhaps that an entirely uncalled-for supply might possibly create an unnatural demand; and the laws of political economy still prevailing the building speculation came to its predestined end. Nothing was changed; there was one bankrupt the more. These houses then were always available for new tenants, always making silent mournful appeal to some one to come and take them. Many of them looked spacious and alluring to the broken and poverty-stricken refugee who sought cheap shelter in this Alsatia of the destitute. When the refugee had installed himself in one of them the ceilings immediately began to crumble and fall about his ears ; tile floors gave way; the balustrades lost in numbers; the rain leaked through the jerry-constructed roofs. The refugee took no trouble ; perhaps even took no thought. Such occurrences were but incidents in his downward career. To what end making complaint or insisting on repairs? Perhaps when the time came to pay his quarter's or half-year's rent he might not be in a position to speak with his enemy, the rent-collector, at the gate. It would be better for him at such a time and under such condi tions that he had not given any trouble about leaking roofs and falling plaster. No theory that the wit of man could suggest would satisfactorily account for the existence of such a place in such close neighborhood to the greatest metropolis of the world. Nor can we attempt to explain why it is that every second shop in the less silent streets — there are no busy streets—should be a shop for the sale of fried fish. Even if the population were to live upon fried fish there would hardly be so many shops needed to distribute the supply. There are some odd ancient beetle-browed public-houses, with red-tiled roofs, which make one long to go in and drink beer in pure homage to their old English picturesqueness. There is, for example, the Old Ferry Inn. This hostelry is approached from the landward side like any ordinary tavern— except, indeed, that the visitor has to dive two or three steps before he finds himself on a level with its bar. It is one of the ancient wooden houses which used to be so common along the Thames, and which are now gradually disappear ing, going out one by one like the fading lamps in an old-fashioned illumination. But the interest of the house is in its approach from the river. A boat brings one to a flight of stone steps leading straight down to the stream ; you step out as you would from a gondola at the door of a Venetian palace. When you mount the stone steps you come to a sort of ledge or terrace, on which you perceive on your right a flight, of wooden steps running, or tottering would be the right word, up to the top of a walL If you mount these you come to a wooden platform which is contrived on the top of the wall surrounding the garden of the ' Old Ferry Inn ;' and from that platform another flightof stepsdescending takes you into the gar den behind and beneath the wall. There if the weather be fine you may sit at little wooden tables on a wooden chair, and smoke your pipe and drink your beer should you be so inclined. If the weather be not fine you can shelter yourself in the house, which is. -comfortable enough in its way. The public - house is the one institution which never seems to' fall into utter disuse among us, or even in the most miserable regions to lack business and fail to make money. When the lights shone on the cold river from the red- curtained windows of the ' Old Ferry Tun' on some gusty night in December, it was ecough to tempt the wayfarer approaching frcm the bridge or landing from a boat to spend his last penny for the privilege of a tem porary shelter in so cheerful a retreat. It will be seen that there was a good deal to be said m just disparagement of the region we have been describing. There was one charge, however, which no enemy could bring against it ; no man could say that it was commonplace. A certain class of author or artist would have loved the place. The painter would have seen a picture in every muddy lane that crept to the river ; the author would have found a story ' in every ancient tenement that was settling down into decrepitude. . Such ? his toric associations as the place had were bound up with the family history of the great man whose tomb was made in the church by the water. All manner of odd endowments and foundations bore the name of seme member of that gifted and eccentric house whose fame reached its loudest with this one great man, - and then was no further renewed. She family had become extinct. Its title appeared no more on the roll of English peers, although the name of the family was still borne by one or two persons in the place, who were made con spicuous by it, for it was not an English name to begin with. It had been brought into England long ago, and its sound tells of its origin. The family name of the great man whose memory still clings to the spot was Fitzurse. As we have to give the place itself a name, for the sake of convenience we may as well call it Fitzurseham. Chaptee IL — Mas. Pollen. The church, the churchyard, the boats, the old inn with its stone steps, were well appre ciated by the keen and observant eyes of Mrs. Isabel Pollen, who saw them for the first time on a beautiful tender afternoon of early sum mer. Mrs. Pollen was a widow who might still be called young; she was certainly under forty, and she would have been called hand some by many. She had full dark eyes, and a face which sometimes looked sensuous and sometimes moody and thoughtful. She had been the wife of a self-made rich and vulgar man, whom she detested and despised while he was living. He died suddenly while she was absent, and she was instantly stricken with a wild remorse because she had not loved him. He had left her all his property and his money, and she was immensely rich and childless. After his death she had spent some time in Jerusalem trying to find peace of mind - there, and now at last she had come back to England with one or two set purposes of atonement to the memory of her husband. It was somehow borne in upon her one night in Jerusalem that if she went back to England she would find that Mr. Pollen -had some neglected relatives about whose existence he had never told her, and to whom, perhaps, she could show some kindness if they stood in need of it, and do some perma nent good. When she got to London in pur suit of this fancy it was easy enough to find from Mr. Pollen's lawyers and agents some in formation to put her on a track. She had never, while he was living, taken the slightest interest in his affairs, or encouraged any confi dence from him. She now found that he was ? born somewhere in the IFitzurseham region ; that he had from time to time bought houses there ; that he . had become the owner of Fitzurse House, once the stately mansion of T the- old family, but more lately turned to the purposes of an institution or foundation of some kind, and which, as the lease was now just about to fall in, might be in her hands almost at any moment. Nothing was known, of any relations Mr. Pollen might have had, if he had any surviving ; but assuredly Fitzurseham was the natural place to look for them. So Mrs. Pollen resolved to undertake her wild-goose chase. Her idea wa3 odd and fanciful; but she was an odd and fanciful woman, -with strange sudden insights, altogether unusual powers of observation, quick succeeding gusts of generosity, self sacrifice, cynicism, despondency, self-disdain, and a mind absolutely indifferent to the con ventionalities of society and social life any where. Her idea was to study Fitzurseham for herself; to find out if Mr. Pollen had any surviving relatives ; to try to make them good if they were bad ; to try to make them happy if they were good ; to help them to bring out whatever was auspicious in them ; and, if pos sible, to find children for her adoption among them. She began her work in the very quietest and most commonplace way. She was staying in a hotel in one of the streets of Piccadilly. She took a cab to Westminster Pier, went up the river in one of the steamers, and made her way to Fitzurse House. Arrived there she had nothing to do but to ask for the person in charge of it, Mrs. Pollen never settled upon any. immediate details in any plan of action until she had some personal knowledge of those with whom she had to deal, . 'I can't begin until I see what sort of person he 'Is,'' she thought to herself. 'He ought not to be a prosaic or commonplace sort of -person in such a spot and with such a name.', ---ri - 'The caretaker bore the odd name of Mr. Christian Pilgrim, and- he certainly was not : commonplace to look at. He was a strongly built, square-shouldered, stopping man, with a complexion worse than pallid; -something ' greenish in its tone,?md with snow-white hair, although his movements were those of man hood's most vigorous time. His dark grey eves had a shortsighted and wandering look about them. He wore an old black velvet coat, | and might have passed for a broken-down j artist in the days when artists still wore velvet 'Just the man for the place,' Mrs. Pollen thought as he opened the door in answer to her knock. 'Sees ghosts and lives in a dream. He will help ine.' She introduced herself in a few clear words, her loud strong contralto voice seeming to startle the quiet loneliness of the place. He made his answers in a low and deliberate tone, speaking each word as pre cisely as if he was spelling it, and with the con strained manner of one who has to use some thing like force with himself to keep his atten tion from wandering. 'I don't particularly care to see the house just yet, Mr. Pilgrim ; I would rather transact my business out ofdoors, if you don't mind.' ' As you please, madanie.' ' You are not much of a business man, Mr. PUgrini ?' ' No, madame, I regret to say. 'Do you? I don't ; lam glad of it.' Fitzurse House wa s a long, low, early Georgian building, such as might have suited a wealthy squire who had a somewhat more refined taste than most of his neighbors. It was large, and had a great many rooms ; but it had only two storys, two rows of formal oblong windows, and a large door with wide semicircular fan light. The front of the house was almost covered with ivy and creepers of various kinds. The lawn ivas smoothly shaven and set round with cedars and elms and poplars and copper beech. Mrs. Pollen's quick eye noted with satisfaction that there were nd forlorn statues or plaster-casts turning green and mouldy m the unfavoring open air of English spring and winter. It was not Mrs. Pollen's opinion that a heathen goddess -wearing nothing but patches? of rotting green moss is a becoming ornament of an English garden. 'No woman lives here?' Mra. Pollen said quietly. 'In this house, madame? ' Yes ; I mean you have no woman servants ; I am told that you are unmarried— -I beg pardon ; that you have not a wife.' 'May I ask, madame, why you corrected what you first said ?' *' About being unmarried ? Yes, certainly. I was under the impression that you were a bachelor ; but I saw from your look when I spoke of you as unmarried that mine was a mistaken impression. I am sorry if I have pained you in any way by my words. You see that I myself'— and she stopped short and made a kind of gesture towards her crape encumbered dress. ' May I ask again, madame, why you caine to the conclusion that there are no women living in the house?' ' Oh, well, I think any one could tell that at a glance — any woman at least — if she had eyes in her head and knew how to use them. For one thing, there would be little attempts at ornament here and there, don't you know — plaster casts and. things; busts of the Royal Family, and Clytie, and bits of rockeries, and so f arth ; and then again those picturesque fallen leaves blown down by last week's winds would never be left to beautify that path — fallen before their time, like young conscripts killed in their first battle. On, no, they would all be swept away with the broom of remorse less cleanliness. Yes, I understand these matters. I can assure you.' Mr. Pilgrim thought he had to do with a re markably keen eyed sort of person. He began even to feel a little uncomfortable under the inspection of her large dark encompassing eyes. They seemed to involve him and surround him completely in every glance. 'Ill sit here,' said Mrs. Pollen. There were a few wooden seats standing about; she took one of them, and pointed to another. I ' Won't you sit down, Mr. Pilgrim ?' | 'Thank you, madame, I had rather stand.' j ' All right. Now I suppose you are curious to know what I have to talk to you about?' ' As you have wished to speak to me ? ' 'Exactly; as I wished to speak to you of course I must have something to talk to you about. Did you ever in your life know a woman who came to the point of any thing directly and at once? Come, did you ever?' ' Well, I really don't quite know.' 'I do ; you never did know such a woman, ' because you never before knew . me. I am unlike other women in this, and I fondly hope in other matters too ; I come to the point when I have anything to say. Yes, I know what yon are thinking of quite well ; you are saying to yourself that I am not coming directly to the point now. That is what you are thinking of.' 'It is. I don't know how you guessed it, madame.' 'I didn't guess it; I saw it in your looks, just as plainly as if it had been in print ; but you are wrong all the same. I am coming to some point in every word I say, only you don't see it, and I don't want you to see it just yet, at any rate. Well, what do you suppose I have come to this place for ?' ' I cannot oresume to guess.' 'Stuff. You have been guessing all you could. Why not? A man must have some curiosity.' ' I suppose you have come here with the desire to do some good.' 'Yes, I knew you would think that. A philanthropic woman,' an eccentric Lady Bountiful ; an ambitious rival of the Baroness. Burdett-Coutts, I suppose ? You are entirely out of it, Mr. Pilgrim. I am not a philan thropist. I am not a lover of my fellow-man or my fellow-woman. I don't care three rows of pins about the whole human race. Why should I pretend to love the human race ? I don't care about anybody whom I don't know, ; and I care about very few that I do know; ' and of these very few I don't believe any one cares about me. I regard mankind, taken all , round, as an absolute failure, and I don't be lieve in any attempt to improve his wretched, | ignoble, miserable existence. No; I have come j here for a purely selfish purpose.' She leaned complacently back in her chair ! and looked at him. He was easily embarrassed, . j and she seemed to find satisfaction in em- - barrassing him. ' You don't believe it— you thinkl am talk ing for effect ?' she said at last. *.' I don't believe your purpose is selfish .in that sense,' he said slowly, avoiding her eyes. 'In what sense?' 'Well, in the ordinary sense— in the sense we all have in our minds when we say a thing j is selfish.' 'You shall see whether it is selfish or not. I _ have something on my conscience, Mr. Pilgrim._ I was unkind and hard to one who had claims on me, and I owe his memory a reparation. I shall never pass a quiet day or enjoy a night of dreamless sleep until I have done something: in that way. I see a chance of doing something of the kind here, and I fancy it may be in your power to help me. That's why I am here. The broken-down epicure who goes to some bath or cure to get rid of his gout or his dyspepsia is not one bit more selfish in his purpose than I am in mine. Do you believe me ?' 'I believe you are speaking sincerely, madame, but in that sense a Christian's re pentance would be only selfish.' ' Well, so it is sometimes, I dare say. No matter; all I wished to impresss upon your mind is that I am not a philanthropic woman or a woman with a mission or anything of that sort. I am anxious to know something about this place and the people in it, Mr. Pilgrim, and 1 daresay you can tell me.' ' I go very little among them ; I lead a very quiet sort of lif e here. ' 'Still you must see something of people. You teach in the evenings, I am told ?' ' I teach shorthand when I can get pupils, madame. There is not much opportunity for teaching anvtbing in this place.' 'No ; I should suppose not. Have you any pupils now?' . . 'Ihave two — two regular pupils — and one whp comes at odd times, now and then, when he likes, or when he can.' *?The two 'regular pupils, are they boys or girls?' ' One is a boy ; the other ? ' | 'Is a girl; yes. A little girl, or a young woman?' ' A young woman.' I ''Poor?' ? . i ' Very poor. Her mother hopes to get her taught shorthand well enough to take a situa tion as private secretary of some kind.' ' Private secretary ? Well, I may want such a functionary myself. What sort of a girl is she?' 'Quick, clever, good-natured, discontented with her life here. I don't see how she could be anything else.' ' She is pretty, you say ?' ' She is pretty, madame ; but I did not say so.' Mrs. Pollen smiled. 'That is how I knew,' she said. Mr. Pilgrim looked puzzled. There was a moment of silence. ' Do your pupils come to you, or do you go to them ?' she asked. 'The young men come tome; I go to the girl's house.' ' The young -men come to me ; I go to the girPshouse,' Mrs. Pollenrepeatedmeditatively. 'That sounds like a sentence in a foreign phrase book, doesn't it ?' 'I don't know, madame; I was merely answering a natural question in what seemed to me a natural way.' ' Quite so,' Mrs. Pollen said, as if she had not been listening to his later words. Then she turned quickly to him. 'You think mean odd sort of woman, and you are right enough in that. I am an odd sort of woman. But I am not a bad sort of woman, and whatever my manner may seem I would ask you not to suppose for a moment ' that I mean to offend you. I sometimes say things just to give myself time to. follow out. some little track or other in my own mind, and then people are apt to think that I am rude. I let them think it, people in. general, if they. will ; but you are not-people in general. I be lieve you can serve the purpose I have at heart, and I like you; and that is one reason why I wish to know all about you ; and I think I do understand you pretty well already. I am sure the more I see of you the more I'shall like you : and I don't pay compliments. I am an egotistical woman, and I have been long accustomed to indulge myself and my own ways, and I think you can help me just now — we shall be friends, shan't we ?' Her eyes almost frightened him. 'I have very few friends,' he began to say. 'All right ; then you have the greater open ing for me. Now, just a_ word. I want to make an impression on this place ; I want to get into people's confidence ; I have a reason for it; I want to know all about everybody — men, women, and children. I am ready to play the part of lady patroness or anything else. How is it to be done best ? Shall I make a splash, or grow on the place in .modest quiet ness? Should I be vulgar, or would it be better to go in for being refined? I could play the part, I think. At all events I could try.' He remained thinking for a while, not quite sure yet whether she was speaking in good faith or not. At last he said — ' We are very poor here, madame. Our lives, the lives of nearly all of us, are pinched and withered by poverty. If we have pleasant dreams at night they are always dreams of money : and we wake in the morning to find that we have nothing in the house and the tax collector is knocking at the door again. Our idea of an angel here would be only a bene ficent creature in a gilded carriage with a big purse in its pocket.' 'All right,' Mrs. Pollen replied, compla cently ; 'I understand, lean be that sort of angel anyhow; that is my form. It is a com fort to find a place where my angelic nature can be accepted on such terms. Well, about this house. I'U think it over and write to you or send to you in a day or two. Don't do any thing till you hear from me. If people ask you about me 'you can say, if you like, that you believe I am awfully rich, and that you are told I'm such a fool that I don't care what I do with my money. That will fetch them, won't it? Now I want you to give me a des cription, a sort of outline sketch, of the place and the people, the high and the low. Tell me about this house, and tell me who are the big people of the place, and who are. remarkable, and whom you like and whom you don't like. You talk and I'll listen ; I shan't say a word until you are finished. It is an opportunity you ought to make the most of, Mr. Pilgrim; I am a talking woman in general, but I'll listen to you.' (To he continued.) 