> THE W0VELI6T. LIFE.' Br MRS. ALEXAVOEB, AUTHOB OF " TAX WOOIKO 0 VOL. II. CHAPTER VIII. " . prion T/eiffh was no weak dreamer. _ Wffh to whom, report said, «ne nafl betti SW&3M ffffSU, f»d brat poorly proyiagior, wealthy kinswoman took iiKm tolf h«* Ifrffl ot bis edtJ^on tringtag fcjmtip ^ILIS^otertras'had^L^ed hiTcawfir for t,i She was disposedtoplay providence fnr all those over whom she had, or imagined she bad, any right of control; Mde^was fir indignation when Brian reTosed to take holy orders, and settle Wnwettfor life in the comfortable Rectory, in thefexceUentpasition BO thoroughly provided for him; It was 1n viSn he declared that the sleepy repose of each a life would be annihilation to hun #hat there were dozens of admirable worthy Inpn who would do parish work more effi ciently than bimself-tfaat lie could r ' ewallow the Thirty-nine Articles,^. To which objections Mrs. Griffith replied, that it need not be so' dull at the Rectory; there was first-rate shooting, and a Jjood nack of hounds within easy reach ; ana for tier part, she bad no objection to her rector ridiii" across country-he needn't wear a red coat" As to parish-work, he-was especially suited to it, as he would neither be harsh to the poor nor be bamboozled by them; and, moreover, would not run into extremes, but preach the gospel of common-sense. While as to the Thirty-nine Articles, she did not think anyone believed them, and they had very little to do with the matter; they were part of a system which it was nccessary for all well-born and well-bred people to uphold for the sake of the lower classes, who, like roischievouschildren, required to be frightened by bodies into decent conduct. " Your edu cation," she concluded, " must have been very superficial if it has not Bhown you that, from the first dawninRS of civilisation to' the jsie eent day, there has always been one religion for the learned and another _for the un learned" But, despite these admirable arguments, Brian Leigh persisted in his determination to he called to the bar, and as he had' suffi cient funds of his own for the necessities of existence, Mrs. Griffith could not prevent Lira. To the bar then he went, to Frank Griffith's great delight, for he aud his cousin were close chums; and though Brian worked hard (at intervals), and did his best to inoculate Frank with his own energy, they led a cay and brilliant life for a few jreara, both being favourites in society-especially .with women, though they took different lines. Prank af fecting fresh, shy d&mlanles;, Leigh pre ferring the safer charms of young, sprightly,: married women-and even some not so young. During this initiatojy period, Leigh eravi tated towards literature and the press. He was considered a smart And ready writer; and as he hud, on icaviqg college, passed some time on the Continent; bis knowledge of French and German procured him an offer to go to. Paris as own correspondent" during that exhibition which was the crown ing manifestation of Imperial splendour, after which the tide turned. From thiB time be was constantly employed on ttie tikctric Despatch, and had not long returned from a difficult and somewhat dangerous journey through (the Caucasus, Southern ttuseia, end the Principalities, undertaken to supply that widely-read paper with letters, and to collect mate rials for a baolc of travel and observation on the coun tries he had visited. The influence of such a life was to widen his views on all subjects, and increase the difference between his opinions and tfaoSe of his friend and patroness. Yet they were on better terms than fpisnedr. Mrs. ^Griffith always respected success. Leigh had made his own place distinctly, andwas quite able to stand alone. The morning after his prrival, Brian Leigh breakfasted by himself. in* small dining room used by Mrs. Griffith when she had no guests. The windows opened upon a flower garden, across which a grave! walk led to wards the beach. The new, the salt freshness of the sea breeze coming through the open windows; the Bong of the birds, the sleepy, soothing sound of sharpening a scythe in a meadow ? i-l k?rdercd the pleasure-grotmd^-how delightful and reviving It' all seemed to keigh, atter the rash and excitement of a short crowded season in town, where hehad oeen warmly welcomed, not to Say fittd, as Gaocasqs had caused some sensation. "J,hjs perfect kind of eiustenoe," he ,a(a,y. as he helped himself to a second 8trawt>errie8; " that is. for a>ont eitin«r n^Pe mt?ntl»s; longer would be rasti rnnL- iv . r? 13 much in a country gentle it w«,Me Bl>onld.lik"i; baton thewhole, vurouuing against me. "It is the tendency of modern life to sweep past the lovers of ttt® guillity; those who refuse to rejoin the crush ing crowd doomed to inflict or befcr, are no where. I 8UTO»IK». i-t-1 wui come into fashion again! <8tHl,"jin ' in terval of repose Is very delicious, especl&ly; if »t has an interest-a mystery ofita owfa, end j 1 am resolved to solve it. I must be fcauUous,' \ though; I would not startle or offehtt «0 delicote and timid a quarry for wo?M9""t>ut is j it timidity or deliberate rpservel IswfceSt 1 w«re is an enormous amount trf WucV inj that slender, graceful wortom. ? There Is n, wonderful chum in herperfoct romposare wi there any fite under it# SHaitalk st tirink ot an angel, and yon hear-lfae rustle of ins * >J»RS ! : ,... ? . As he commune*! wtthhimvlf.he per* a figure, which he recagniaeS to be Mudred. waiting oatfrmn atnanrfthe tcees^ a belt of f)iii4i 41 1 1 whichaheltatd tiie grounds at *nat .we from the sea. Aetni i large shady ] hst, and. a thin white -^-r !®"»Wer, fat the early hash; bemd* her stalked Proprietor* of« Ual^^gl and decision: and Beeing that where another walk tkaachbd'off, fche took the otite ^e&ditiK; tothe^ctoief'entranoe, hero9e:and went into the hall to meet her. "Good-momlng,1 Mrs. Wood' 'your early ratag shames me. Von have bfeen reaping the rewiw-dof virtue, ih tasting fee first fresh ness of this lovely day." Mildred bent her bead, but made no tnove mentto shake bands with htm. "I «]waf8 trytoliBVeun eatfy walk," she said. M The rest of the day is Mrs. Griffith's, And I scarcely get exercise enough." " When Mrs. ISgerton and 'Gwendoline Ferrers oome, you will be freer." " lot want any more freedom; I lam quite content^-at present" A flight fcause befowthe last words. . K " That Is wisely pnt in, Mtb. Wpod. There » no monotony Bosoothing that <does not *re«y at lafct Have yon visited the beach ana the boat-nouse f' "I have." 41 When Miss Ferrers and Frank come down we'mast have Bome boating/ Are you atolerable sailor " I do notkoow, I have never--w She was interrupted by the approach of the butler, whobrorcghtthe post-bag. Laying it on the hall-table, be proceeded to unlock it and distribute tne letters-five for Brian I^igh, Ksq. *' More than T expected bo aoon,*" fiaid that gentleman, laughing; but the next instance his countenance cnangea, as the butler placed three letters for Mrs. Griffith on a silver waiter, and laid two for Mrs. Wood on the table beside her. One was addressed in very uncertain spidery calli graphy; the other was unmistakably from Frank Griffith. Mrs. Wood seemed Quite! unmoved; shepicked up both missives,calmly I observing, " I do not think Mrs. Griffith! is quite ready j et, but as soon pa «he is she would like to see you," as she walked away to the stair which led to her room. 1 Leigh also took his . letters, with a curious feeling of aqgty disappointment. There was, then, some understanding, some I link between Frank and his mother's accom plished secretary. Was this the reason that a woman of her £tamp was content with an inferior position, a monotonous life ? If she were really the niece of a small shopkeeper he could understand that any position in Mcs. Griffith's family might be a social advance; but die if was emphatic. When, half an hoar Later, Leigh obeyed a summons from Mrs. Griffith, he found Mil dred about to leave the room. " I have just told Mcs. Wood that for this .morning I would nslt you to take her place," said the blind lady. " There are one or two special letters I want yon to write far me, after which 1 will trespass no mote on your lime; end you will have time this morning, Mcs. Wood, to study. the 1 Moonlight So nata ' which you promised me some time aga" " I will do my best," said Mildred, smiling, asshe closed the dooc 1 "Now, Brian," continued Mra. Griffith when the/ were alone, "there is a letter from Godfrey-rl want you to read it His are almost the only letters I don't quite like my new secretary to see. It is a long time, since he has written, and a long time since he has wanted any money ; «o it is very likely this " (tapping a letter she held) "is a request for cosh. Yon see, I told him to pot his initials in the corner of his envelope, and I am always most particular .in making Mrs. Wood read the address of every letter before she opens it Your being here is very oppor tune, .Brian. Ah! if you wen settled at the Rectory, what a help and comfort yon would be to me i" V I trust I shall always manage to be of somense, and I am sure Watkin is a capital fellow." "He is, but wants a backbone. Now teadL" The letter, however, was short sad free from all offensive applications, and was written to inform Mrs. Griffith that the writer had got side of the party with whom he was yachting, and intended leaving them at; Copenhagen. He therefore hoped to join bis; mother at Pennogwea in ten days or« fort night "Thatis well,"said Mrs. Griffith, with a sigh. "I really think Godfrey is growing steady; he is greatly improved. I wish he would interest himself in aotmty matters sad marry. I am always nneasy about his future. 1 don't suppose for a moment he would many beneath him; but he is quite capable of getting into a lifelong entanglement with some woman who has no legal claim upon him." "i don't think so, Mrs. Griffith. I don't think Godfrey would hesitate to break through j anything that did not suit him." ] ? " Perhaps not; but «s long as it did suit! him I knownomotfvfe that would induce him, to breslt away. Now Frank is weak enough to marry any insignificant girt lie takes a fancy to, and lose' Ms world-not well, but ML" " Meantime, till he has definitely made a fool of himself, let us credit him with more sense," returned Leigh, and proceeded to attend to the rest of Mrs. Griffith's cor respondence. Meantime, In the quiet of her own room, Mildred again read over Frank Griffith's letter. *' Yon have done me the greatest-service -a real benefit," he wrote, "and I hope yet US prove my gratitude. I hope to have ah opportunity of explaining my position to you when I come to Pennogwen; but I riiuststay a little longer than I intended in town, as 1 am trying hard to get some due to the anonymous .ruffian woo has Addressed these letters to my mother. Had anyone less con siderate and judicious than yourself been with her. what mischief might have been done 1 I trust you cue enjoying the sea breewiat Pennqgwen. It's a nice old places is it not? JSver yours much obliged and most sinoerely,-F, UGairra'H." , " I hope no harin wifl come of it to him, or to myselL*' Jthonght Mildred, ni she trim up the lcttcr*nd then applied a matchtoihs fragments, watching them shrivel up. in the grate-"especially to him. There is little or nothing that can affect a disembodied coeaturesnch aa lam. What have 1 to feat, except, indeed, any discovery that may bring down Mr. Welby's vengeance upon me; and even that ?. ? , . would entail exposure, pain, but no return to Mm. in little more thtm two months 1 shall have been a year dead. Homstrange it is that I do not feel more like a:ghost, instead of still loving life -or rather doaging to live I Can I erer throw ofiTmy disguise? ever dare to tell Arthpr the tenth! Pterhaps I jnay in time. 1 will-I most hope." * Taming resolutely from these thoughts, she opened the jriano and played long ana carefully. After luncheon, Mrs. Griffith requested Leigh to; drtve with her "round the hdme farm. . . " i knowyou are not indifferent to rustic occupations," she said, "thoath yon hare chosen the' noise ahti confusion of town life, sb I should like your report of what is going on.' I am taking toll of yooratay with me all at once, yon see.' Brian. I will leave you your da}» uninterrupted after this." " I assure yon, Mm. Griffith, i am quite ready to be your charioteer whenever you need me." 1 /" Thank youllwish, Mis. Wood, that yon would take courage and' learn to drive;' it would be so much more agreeable to have! you beside me instead of the groom. When we are in the phaeton, I can only speak I to you by turning my head, which fatigue*! me." i " Your ponies seem quiet, and if it pleases you I will try to learn." ] "Yes; pray do. The coachman shall rive! yon ja lesson every morning for a few days?" " I shall be very happy to Instruct Mrs. Wood, £f ehe will permit me," said Leigh, as they rose from table. " V£ry well," returned Mrs. Griffith, answering for Mildrfed, " you shall see what I she can do; and then hand her over toI Dobson, who is a very good whip. I fancy' you have no.fooliBh timidities?" "1 atti npt sure," said Mildred, smiling; "at all events,! shall always have the groom behjnd me." ! " Exactly! Now I shall go and rest for an hour or two-it ia still very warm- and send for you, Brian, when I am ready to1 go out Come. Mrs. Wood, you shall read me to sleep.1' j The rest of the day passed more rapidly than usual to Mildred. She enjoyed a stroll on the beach with Geler^ until the sun came round to the west, when she was glad to return to tlie shelter of the shrubberies; she wrote a long letter to Mrs. Leavett, and made some cspious additions to her- journal, of which she made a kind of companion, j She felt brighter, in some illogical way less fearful of the future, and gladly accepted the temporary gleam of light; even while she smiled at her own unreasoning variableness, there was nothing especially to cheer her, nor any additional cause for gloom. In the evening Leigh relieved Mildred in ber task ot reading aloud. After awhile Mrs. Griffith said . Go to the piano, Mrs. Wood, and give us something of Beethoven'b. I tike an under current of music while I talk." " Not very complimentary to your music," said Leigh, in a low tone, as he crossed the room to open the piano and place the piano stool. "It is exactly what will enable me to play," said Mildred. Leigh stood before her for a few minutes, Avatchiivg her profile with profound interest, of which Bhe was quite unaware, until Mrs. Griffith summoned him. "Brian J are you there; Brian? Tell me something about the people Godfrey is with." A few days passed by, tranquilly. Mildred saw nothing of lirian Leigh except in the evening, when he came in from dinner with Mrs. Griffith, and read aloud for a short time, generally gliding iuto conversation. Mildred felt, rather than remarked, how he sought with extraordinary tact and perse verance to draw her into taking part in it; and an impression that, he was an appre ciative friend grew deeper as time went on. He was so quiefy and respectfully observant, that even her original friend Frank Griffith, seemed comparatively strange and distant compared to this ne wer acquaintance The effect on her mind was comforting; yet how could she ever have a friend, male or female? Friendship demands confidence, and in whom could ehe confide ? This rontine was sometimes varied by the presence of the Rector and his wife- an ordinary, well-bred, languidly good-natured woman. wlu> always brought ber crochet (it was in the days of crochet), and was not uu trequently snubbed by Mrs. Griffith. On one of these occaBiqme the gentlemen bad remained (or a abort time in tne dining room; and when they tetntped to the diniug Toom the Sector devoted himself to Mrs. Griffith, and Leigh to Mildred and iira. Wiatkin. Presently the hostess asked for some music; in a tone that showed its in fluence was sorely needed. Leigh catne to the piano, and said in a low tone "That driving-less ae has sever come off yet, Mrs. Wood; we ;must pot Jet time slip by. When .Mis. -Griffith'* guests arrive it will not be so easy to manage it" " Mrs. Griffith has forgotten, J think." "Seriously, it would be a great comfort to her if yon could drive thepOny phaeton; and 1 know yon are reddy to dt> all you can for her." : ; . "lam indeed." . " lea," continued l^eish softly, " her lot is very sad; blindness coning late in life is doubly hard to bear." "I am sO sorry for her. It must be a terrible addition to her triate to be too proud to endure sympathy." " It must." . "Brian," called Mrs. Griffith, "do you know that Sir George Stspleton is dying, the Hector tells me ? ;Now is Godfrey's chaaoe to stand for Middleborough. 1 am exceedingly glad he is .conttnc home." Some nnimated talk ensued, through winch MildredpUyed undisturbed, until she thought herself entitled to stop.and taking up her work, drew a chair near the lamp, as Mrs. Griffith wassaying: v " If it is fine to-morrow, I shall drive over to Castle Glynn; I have not called there since JL came down." . *' I hare not called ior an age either," ob served..Mca. Watkin ; " it Is rather tar for one bone to go end come. " *? If yea like to accompany me to-monow, I .shall be .very happy,"' Said her hoetess graciously. ' The rectoress piotqptly accepted; it was, therefore; agreed that luncheon should be half so hour earlier than usual, and that Mis. GrillLth should Call , ior Jim. Watkin at two o'clock. I shall take the open carriage." said tbe lady of the house, " and if you are disposed to give Mra. Wood a lesson ia driving it will be an excellent opportunity, Brian, as you can bs«4h»-JWliie6.tt""--rrr Mrs. Griffith, great as.was. the favour she shpwed to MilareaL never dreamed of asking hfer if-die "would ^agfee- ttf any arrange ment. * I .am Qoile Jdwxised, Jf: it suits Mra. Wood," returned Leigh, .looking towards Mildred, who, withoutraisingher head, simply (Spited: Very well, Jtfrg Griffith.", " How ' curiously* n\y BPOu cousin has fol lowed my line of thought I 1 assure you I did riot prompt her in thelesst," said Leigh to Mddncd. .under oover bfaliVely discussion respecting 4hg condition of ifae Castle GJypc ^ ; there mustbea great deal of electric communication in thought." ,T&e; next morning wits showery; short; heavy, thunderpus dhoi?ejr« ftjll from time to time, with fierce sunshine gleaming out between phem from under raicK, threatening clouds, producing wonderful effects of light .and shade? about noon, some long, rolling: distant peals of thunder seemed to clear the air, and a (soft bieese blttw up from the mountains. In spite of tbe weather, Mrs. Griffith per sisted in keeping ber appointment with the Rector's wife; and as they rose from tabu after luncheon. Leigh Mounded Mildred of the lesson in driving be bad undertaken to give ber. "When will it suit you to start?" he askrid. - -* | "Not toosopn, and then we shall see what the weather will be. 1 " About three, then ?" " Very well." I " And mind you pay greatattentton," added1 Mrs. Griffith, asehe left the tooim,'leaning on < her secretary's arm"three or rour lessons ought tp enable you to do veil enough, con-1 aidering you will always have the groom be-1 hind you." I Mildred was half-amused, halt-ashamed to find, how keenly she enjoyed the prospect of driving herself once more, and also of an hour or two of free, unguarded conversation with Brian Leigh. Sne always found so1 much to say to him-such a wonderful sense: of being at home and safe with him-that a nice long talk, free irotn the restraint of Mrs. Griffith's presence, would be a great refresh ment. Three o'clock found her dressed with her usual careful simplicity, and waiting in Mrs. Griffith's sitting-room, when the footman announced that the carriage was at the door. I>igh was ready to hand her in, and noticed, as he glanced under her large straw hat, that she had a tinge more of colour than ordinary, which became her wonderfully. He took great care to arrange the light wrap, which. was to defend them against dust, round his companion, and then, gathering up the reins, handed them to her. "You must keep them between your finjes, Mrs. Wood, in this way. Oh! all right. Let tliem go, Morgan 1" as Mildred mechanically disposed of tliem in approved fashion, and the willing little steeds started off at a light touch of the whip. " It is going to be a lovely afternoon," said Leigh, who seemed very animated and ready to enjoy their expedition. '* Suppose we make for Liangwyd^yr Abbey," " How far is it?" asked Mildred, tightening her reins and bringing the ponies to a steady pace. " About eight mileB." " It will not be too far for them ?" " No, by no means." "And what is to be seen at this place?" "The ruins of an abbey, built by some re mote op Griffith, who was either an exalted Baint or a profound sinner-active piety or eager expiation being the chief incentives to church building in those days of Btrong re ligious faith." ' " I think I have heard Mrs. Griffith speak of it" " We shall have a delightful drive! We'll re turn by Pennogwen village, and the woods, and get shade both going and coming. But, Mrs. Wood, excuse me, this is not the first time.yon. have handled the ribbons ?" *'No; I have driven ponies before, a Jong time ago, in another state of existence," ehe laughed. "That pony on the off side Brownie, I think-is rather lazy; he does not keep up to the collarand she lashed him smartly. " Right! he leaves more than his fair share of work to the other. But, Mrs. Wood, I am rather sorry to see you are such a proficient in the art of driving. I shall not uavc a chance of giving you another lesson." Mildred did not reply immediately; and then, with a slight sigh, said: " I do not want to attract atttention by seeming to know how to drive-an unusual accomplishment tor a person in my position. You see, 4 put a certain amount of confidence in you." ? " Whatever the amount, believe that it is safe with me," returned Leigh gravely; then, after a moment's pause, he resumed:-"So I shall not lose my lessons? Bat 1 shall be judicious, I assure you, and will not strain my privileges. In three or four lessons I shall pronounce you perfect, and what credit you will do to my instructionsV " Mildred smiled, rather a sad smile, and they drove on for a while in silence; while Leigh, who had been thinking earnestly of the pnzzle presented by his companion, of the strong attraction she had for him, exclaimed, rather abruptly: "FrankGriffith is not coming as Boon as his mother expected." " No," returned Mildred, who was occupied with her ponies. It might have been a "no" of parallel knowledge; it might have been "no with a note of interrogation. "I rather fancr he will he the last of the party to arrive." " I am sorry," said Mildred, frankly. "I have always liked Mr. Griffith ; he is kindly and ?well-bred.*' "If there is anything between them," thought Leigh, "she is mistress of fence. He only said-"Yes, Frank is really a good fellow; but a little too easy for his own interests." " I imagine if his interests were also those of some one dear to him, he might be been and active." i " You mean a wife?" asked Leigh quickly. "Yes." | " Fo<w fellow! I fear he has small chance j of matrimony, unless he follows his mother's! lead." "Why need he marry?" asked Mildred. " He is quite happy, and marriage is such a tremendous experiment" "Ah, Mrs. Wood! you tempt me to put a question you might think on impertinence;! yet " j "Then do not ask it,"said Mildred, looking full at him with a slight smile. " It is prompted by no presumptuous or idle curiosity," urged Leigh; " rather " " Donot ask it." she repeated, shaking her head. " For I will not answer." " I am rebuked," said Leigh. " I do not want to rebuke you," cried Mil dred, laaghing. " Tell me something of this abbey." " Very well . and-take the turn there past the milestone on yonr left, you'll need the drag-there is » stiff hill beyond." Then Leigh plunged into an account of the abbey and its founder, which led to a conversation on various topics remote from personal matters. Llangwyddyr Abbey was beautifully situated in a wooded valley, near a trout stream, and graceful trees, tufty grass, abundant wild flowera', had sprung up within the ruins. Near what JL ad been the principal entrance was a labourer's cottage, the mistress of which found a grateful addition to her scanty meanB in supplying hot water to parties from the neighbouring county town, and giving shelter to their horses in a tough shed, built 'of loose stones from the ruins. Here a boy was found to hold and water the ponies, and Leigh conducted his pupil over the remains of the abbey, assisted her to gather wild convolvulus and iris, and tried to decipher and translate the inscriptions on some grey etones almost buried among jgrass and brambles.' It was a {v?ry delightful half-hour, Leigh thought. Surely no more charming com panion than hi* kinswoman's »©cr6tary could be found! «o unconsciously graceful that it waaa pleasure to watch her movements-so intelligent and cultivated, as her question* | showed; so strangely, fearteaty composed. ' m if conscious «f tome power within becfelf, of some fortress into which elie could retreat at trill. Leighhad bpd u large experience of women, bat had-be vet met one quite like this niece of a small obscure shopkeeper. "We had better return," said Mildred, breaking in npon his reflections. "I should not like to be absent when Mrs. Griffith returns. This has been a very pleasant ex pedition, Mr. Leigh: I have much to thank yon for." " It is a day to be marked with a white stone by we," cried Leigh, who felt vexed with himself the next moment for being too out spoken.; but Mildred was busy gathering some ferns, and did not seetn to hear him. The drive back was more silent thantheii going forth. Once the ponies, knowing they were returning to their stables, pulled rather hand, and were disposed to be frisky; when Mildred wan glad of help, and feeling a little weary, changed seats with her companion, who took the reins. " We might have another lesson on Thurs day, and again on Saturday, after which I see the end of tranquillity. I rather] think Colonel Griffith.will be here on Monday or Tuesday." "So soon," exclaimed Mildred. "That'soon'sounds like 'I am sorry,"" said Leigh, with a smite. "I suppose it is not polite to admit it to his cousin, but I am," she returned. " Oh, you don't in the least offend me ! but why don't you like Godfrey T "lean hardly tell; but he is antagonistic to me. He has an overbearing, tlisdninful nature, and his presence, his words, are an offencethen " "The® what! if I may ask." " He is curious ; he tries to question me clumsily in a masked fashion." " That is unpardonable. I can never thank you enough for saving we from a similar error." " You are quite different You are not un kind. I think-but I fcaryou are curious." " I am-or rather let me say, I am inte rested." " It is not good for a woman to have a mystery about her." " No; it is trying to herself." " Yes; it is very trying." " Then there is a mystery ? Forgive me, I wish I had not Baid those words." " No one has a right to question me. I only ask to do my work as well as I can, and " *'' To fold your tent like an Arab, And as silently etcal amy/ as you told me, nearly the first day we ever spoke together," interrupted Leigh. " Well, Mrs. Wood, I confess that I long to know your history, with no common longing; but 1 will never seek an iota of information, nor put a question that would lead you to betray what you would rather not tell. If you are everjgraciously pleased to confide anything in me 1 shall receive it with gratitude I will wait your pleasure; meantime, if in any way I can help you (pray do not think me pre sumptuous^, command me." "Help me? Ah!no-you cannot; but I thank you." " Then, Mrs. Wood, we are friends ?' 