CHAPTER XIII. MRS. INGLEFIELD IS BETTER. I was very fond of the companionship of the Silver Sea. Greatly as I was charmed by Miss Edwards, I am not sure that on the whole I did not then prefer the society of the ship to hers. It is a queer, unsentimental confession to blunder into, but then it is not in every man's power to fall in love at first sight. Be this as it may, when on deck I was with the ship, whereas below I could only think of her. It was the poet Campbell who bought a picture of a girl and fell in love with it, talk- ing of it and pointing to it as if it were flesh and blood—a real sweetheart. A passion of that kind for a picture is a trifle beyond me; though I can understand the heart's devotion for the inanimate. But a ship is not lifeless. To be sure, you can dissect her and resolve her components into bits of timber or plates of iron, and fragmentize her into a medley of spars, ropes, and planks. Death serves the love- liest woman so. But when a completed fabric, with the impulse of the eternal sea informing her like a spirit, powerful and obedient, tractable as a horse, though with the capacity of a tigress's madness in her when enraged by the tormenting winds, why, then no thing of life is more living. As her commander you may so fall in love with her that she shall head the list of your sweethearts; as a passenger, such as I was, you may keep your heart whole, yet find a deep enchantment in her company. It was so with me. I had felt the fascination even when a bitterly hard worked young sailor, and when there was nothing more to look at than a deeply laden bucket of a brig; I was renewing the old feeling now and finding a higher emotion in it, because the ship I was in was a beautiful vessel, and because there was no hardship, nothing to set one cursing the life, standing betwixt me and the sentiment of the glorious ocean. Well, let no young lady turn up her pretty nose at this stuff. She may find her sex revenged ere this pen be laid down. But I will repeat in this cold place—and damp it was to leeward of the galley, amid the driving smother through which we were jogging towards the rolling Bay of Biscay—that magical as I had immediately found the society of Miss Edwards, I took no more pleasure then in being with her than in standing alone in some corner of the deck of the Silver Sea, and listening to the songs she sang as she sailed along, in marking her proud contemptuous spurning of the surges, in interpreting the inarticulate poetry of her movements, and in partaking the triumph of her domination of the measureless and fathomless deep. But however much a man may be in love with a ship, the sort of weather to test his affection is the driving, gyrating, warm-bath sort of drizzle the Silver Sea was in the thick of. Now and then it would come along in a burst of glistening smoke, and transform old Pipes and the man at the wheel into blotches. You might have compared the Silver Sea to a pretty woman with a cold in her head. It is perfectly true, as a poetical skipper once said to me, that a sailing vessel is like a handsome actress who'll look bland and beautiful in white satin that leaves exposed the snow of her shoulders or wild and awful in some scene of passion that gives her streaming hair to the wind, whilst she is rent and infuriated by the storm of emotion. "So, sir," said my poetical friend, "whilst lifting her white heights to the blue when all is peaceful above and below, a vessel is a gentle and lovely object; and a terrible one when, driven by the gale, she flies along the boiling seas with arched rigging and under a fragment of bursting canvas." Yes; but what is to be made of her when a Scotch mist drives like steam between her masts, and she squeezes, groping, through the veil of vapour, with dribbling scuppers and dripping tarpaulins; when all the light upon her is a grey gleam in the wet sails, and when the yellow figure of a seaman swinging upon the topmast rigging, with the hinder flap of his sou'wester standing out like a gull's tail, disappears before he reaches the crosstrees? Upon my word, the picture was a trifle depressing. Almost abreast of me in the lee foreshrouds stood a lobscouser at work on some chafing gear. His rough face came out clear upon the slate-coloured thickness behind him, the drops glistened in his whiskers and beard, and now and again he'd pause to squirt some tobacco juice into the sea. He was an oldish man and slow, with a coun- tenance indicative of disgust of life, and a sturdy growler, as anyone might have guessed by the hang of his under lip with a sour twist in the corners of his mouth that was like say- ing, "Whose dog am I?" As I stood smoking and watching him, I thought to myself, if that old chap should fall overboard and be drowned, who'd mourn him? There was a gull in our wake that might swoop down with a dull scream to his sou'wester as he came up, and perhaps by listening you'd hear a moan in the wind as the oilskinned figure sank to rise no more. His chest would be overhauled, a pipe or two found, a suit of clothes, three or four sticks of tobacco, a shoregoing shirt and the like. There would be nothing more left of him, and an offer of ten thousand pounds for the discovery might fail to obtain so simple a bit of information for you as whose son was he? Lord, the loneliness of such a man as that, now! To see him standing up in the rigging there against the grey smother, and think that if human life should be bereft of its faith in the existence of God the Father and of God the Son, the breaking of a ratline would reduce that breathing and sentient creature to something of less account than yonder patch of weed sliding its short length of dark green over the heads of the seas! No, no! such a man as that would have no wife, nor children, nor relatives. I could swear to it by the look of him, knowing the type as though he had come to me and told me his story. It was a bit maudlin in me to find something like pathos in the blowing of a curl of iron-grey hair under his sou'wester. And indeed the whole fancy about him was silly and depressing. But after you have lived with sailors, and left them, and then return to them, you'll find yourself moralizing over every one of them you meet at sea, for there the reality of Jack's life comes home. A dog's career, is it not? The only labourer in the world who, whenever the need arises, can be made to work for his employers twenty-four hours in every sea day; whose wages would be disdained by a crossing-sweeper; fed with vile food, and often villainously housed. Poor mercantile Jack! you do all the real bitter savage work of the deep; you are the true ocean hero, but no songs are sung about you, no books made about you, no pity shown, no interest taken in you. It is the bluejacket firing a gun behind a floating fortress of iron who gets the glory. You, fighting heaven's fury in crazy, deep-sunk ships; you, valiantly contending with the hundred remorseless antagonisms bred by meanness, rapacity, and such an indifference to your life as makes the shocking neglect red murder itself; you get no honour, no applause, no reward; you sink to join the thousand green corpses of sailor men, and England takes no heed that yet another of the best of her sons is lost to her. Well, it would be the figure of that surly and sour old seaman up there, and the pic- ture of the wet decks and half-veiled ship, and the eclipse of sky and sea by the soul- damping clouds of vapour which put these thoughts into my head. The sailor, finding me watching him, cast his eyes upon me now and again, and I thought it would not take much to induce him to bawl out: "Ay, ay, it's all very well for you to be exposin' of yourself to this here weather; you, who are fresh from a tip-top breakfast, and can go below when you please; you, who have no- body to say, sir, to from one end of this blooming old hooker to the other; you, who can sleep in all night, walk the quarter-deck to wind'ard, and snigger with the gells over us common sailors. But tarn to and ship for three pun five a month as I have, drink of the tea that's served out to us, and job with a sheath- knife at the lumps of dead horse which are brought forrards in the kids, and he kept at work on such muckin' jobs as sarvin' a shroud with canvas smothered in tar, and I'd lay y'd think yourself something more than a fool for standin' down there in the wet, staring up at me as if I was a compreesant holdin' on to nothing in a gale of wind." I knocked the ashes out of my pipe, and was going aft. "Hullo!" roared out the old chap, staring at the sea ahead of the ship; "who's been and chucked him overboard?" For the moment I really thought that he had caught sight of a man swimming out there, and, full of excitement, I hopped on to the rail and looked over. Almost abreast of where I stood there floated, rising and falling upon the seas, a great dead New- foundland dog chained to a large kennel. The poor brute was drowned; I was sure of that. He lay on his side, and was swollen; and I was glad to think he was out of his misery, for had he been alive and swimming we should still have lost sight of him in a few moments. Pipes was not at all likely to have sent a boat and risked her loss and that of the men in her in that thick weather, and consequently I should have been bothered by thinking of the struggle of the fine brute after we had passed him. Slow as our pace was, yet the dog and kennel seemed to glide by with wonderful speed, and in a few seconds both objects had vanished in the vapour that stood like a wall a cable's length past the quarter. The old seaman, who had watched them till they were hidden, spat and went on slowly with his work. It was but a trifling incident, yet I will own myself a man very prone to be impressed by small things of this kind. Imagination is not a blessing. Mine was of a kind to go to work, without the consent of my will, upon such a marine detail as that which had slipped past into the throat of the fog, and to draw a dispiriting influence out of it. Yet who could have seen the carcass of what had undoubtedly been a noble dog chained to its kennel without falling a bit pensive with thoughts of the battle it had waged for life, the burden it towed, the chain that weighted it till the weary limbs gave up and the salt water strangled the exhausted creature? One thinks of the grand sagacity of a dog of that kind, and pictures the eyes, almost human with despair, looking round and round at the grey blank circum- ference. "How should such a fine animal as that, chained to its kennel, come to be washing about here?" said I to the mariner in the fore shrouds. "Why," answered he in a hoarse note that perfectly fitted the dreary, streaming picture of the ship, "I'll allow that some vessel's gone down. The kennel was on deck, un- lashed, and floated off along with the dog when the ship sunk." "Very likely," said I. "Poor brute!" "Well, I dunno about poor brute," he re- plied. "He'd better be dead than kep' alive at sea. He's not the only ship's dog washin' about, you lay. Scores of 'em are drownded every month, the only difference being that they've got two legs and wears breeches, master." And here he looked around as though desirous of finding a shipmate near to overhear him. "Oh, you're talking of sailors," said I. "I'm talkin' of ship's dogs," he replied, still more hoarsely, "otherwise tarmed sailors—commin sailors. The only pity is that the kennels they occupy aren't chained to 'em, for if every sailor man as is drownded took his foksle overboard along with him, there'd come, I dessay, in time to be cleaner an' hairier quarters for them as survived." "You're pretty comfortable aboard this ship, aren't you?" "Oh, I'm not saying nothen against this ship," said he with a cunning squint at me, and then a glance aft to see if the mate on duty was watching him. "We're supposed to be pleasurin', you know, sir;" and he dropped his work a moment to comb his fingers down his face and shake the wet off. I smiled at this comment of his upon "pleasurin," and felt that he was a man with whom I could pass an hour very agreeably in conversation; for there is no company in the world to equal that of a growling, sour old sailor; but, knowing something of sea discipline, I guessed that the mate, who'd sometimes step over to leeward to take a peep along the deck, would not be very well pleased to see me talking to one of the watch whilst at work; so I got off the rail, and having by this time had enough of the drizzle, I gave myself a swing to rid my waterproofs of the wet and went below. When I entered the cabin, I found Hornby reading at the end of it, not far distant from Miss Edwards, who was knitting, or sewing, or doing something of that kind, and the colonel lying back in an American chair, in slippers, his legs hoisted up, and a pair of glasses on his nose, through which he was staring into a book. I pulled off my oilskins and took a seat near Miss Edwards, and told her about the dog and the kennel that had gone by. This interested her, and the way in which she brightened up into talk induced one to guess that she had been bored and was glad of fresh company. After a bit, Mr. Edwards came out of his berth, leaning on the steward, and within a minute of his appearance Miss Inglefield arrived. Hornby popped up, and was all briskness and smirking genteel sympathy. Was Miss Inglefield better? He hoped, she was. Sea-sickness was a fearful thing. He had been horribly unwell himself, but had quite recovered. It only wanted a little patience and all that sort of thing, don't you know. Miss Inglefield did not look much the worse for her bout. I thought her now to be a bit prettier than I had before found her. Her gold-coloured hair was very silky and plen- tiful, and the parting on one side made her demure, quiet face rather piquant. She smiled somewhat nervously in response to Hornby's eager old bean-like greetings, and an- swered him in words I could not catch, with a glance at her father, as if his face was the barometer she was to make or shorten sail by. She then passed on to her mother's berth. Edwards gave a groan and then a laugh as he sank into a chair. "Recovered from your sickness, Hornby?" he inquired. "Quite; and you?" "Well, I felt a little squeamish early this morning, but, as tragedians say after they have seen a ghost, 'Tis gone!' at least I think so;" and he paused to feel the heave the ship was then giving as though uncertain of himself. I asked after his gout. "It's not the sort of weather for it," he replied with his jolly smile, though turning up his eyes, not without forlornness in them, to the skylight. "It's in my left heel badly, and my left arm from the elbow to the wrist feels as if a carpenter were planing it?" "You cannot expect the sea to cure you at once, papa," said Miss Edwards. "I expect nothing, my love," he replied. "Colonel, how are you getting on? How's your wife?" The other put down his book and pulled the glasses off his nose. "She'll be up for lunch," he shouted; "I've insisted upon it. My notion is one can humour sickness—make it go on lasting. Take a youth going to sea for the first time, Edwards; he's so ill that he feels he must die. Mind—there's no nonsense: die he must—that's his conviction. Yet the mate drives him up the mast with a greasepot in his hand, and the lad gets through his work. Were he a passenger he would keep his bed for a week." "Perfectly true!" cried Hornby. "A very sensible view indeed." "You'll forgive me, Edwards," continued the colonel, laughing hoarsely and looking gratified; "if I suggest that even rheumatic gout may be over-nursed. It's like sea- sickness. Imagine yourself forced to jump about, to run and pull, and so on. The exer- cise would soon get your bones right." "My dear colonel," rejoined Edwards good-humouredly; "if at a banquet I were to pierce your heels with a bradawl, and then, when the pain was most excruciating, insist upon your rising and returning thanks for the ladies in a humorous speech, could you talk, do you think?" "Well, perhaps not," shouted the colonel. "Nor could I now jump about and run, and so on. You healthy men have no sympathy. You're like a fellow perspiring in a Turkish bath in December, and wondering how on earth people's teeth can be chattering in the north-easterly wind outside." "I hope this weather will not last long," said Miss Edwards, abruptly changing the conversation, possibly from distrust of the colonel's face, that was full of noisy argu- ment. And then she told her papa of the dog and kennel I had seen, and added that I considered they signified a shipwreck in the neighbourhood. The colonel had not heard me when I spoke to her on the subject, and he now rapped out: "Eh? what's that, Mr. Aubyn? —a shipwreck ?—where?" I explained that one of the sailors had sug- gested that the kennel had floated off the deck of a foundering ship; it was one way to account for the objects washing about in the sea here. "Nothing more likely," shouted he. "This is the very weather for shipwrecks. Are we under much sail?" "A pretty fair amount," said I. "Are we moving fast?" "About six or seven knots an hour," I replied. "Tell you what it is, Edwards," he bawled, "Pipes may be a good man, but in my opinion he's foolhardy." "No, no!" cried little Hornby, shaking his head rapidly. "I say yes, yes!" roared the colonel. "What's the duty of a careful captain in a fog? Why, by George! to heave the ship to, of course. And yet we are rushing blind- folded into—into anything that may happen to be in the way." "Well, I feel perfectly safe," said Mr. Ed- wards. "And so do I," observed Hornby. "What do you say, Miss Edwards?" "Oh, we must hope there is nothing to be afraid of," she replied. Had she not been present I believe I should have played upon the colonel's ner- vousness, which would have been an easy task, as one saw by his jerks and starts, as he glared up at the skylights and looked around him into the darksome corners of the cabin, that my suggestion that there had been a shipwreck in the neighbourhood had rather upset him. As it happened, Mr. Edwards quite unconsciously increased the gloom that hung upon the brow of the loud- voiced military man by saying, "Hornby, I suppose the Silver Sea is provided with plenty of life-saving appliances in case of disaster?" "There is no ship afloat carries better boats," replied the little fellow; "and there are a lot of lifebuoys and all that sort of thing, don't you know?" "All what sort of thing, don't you know, besides the lifebuoys?" shouted the colonel. "Spars and hencoops," said Hornby. "Humph!" prowled the colonel. "Just the sort of articles to knock people on the head among the waves and sink the strongest swimmers." "Pray," said I, observing Miss Edwards to look wistfully, and thinking this sort of talk nonsense, "let us remember that we are a party of pleasure-seekers, that we are aboard a stout, staunch, handsome, clipper ship, and that we intend to be at home, please God, in sound health, by what the Yankees call the fall. Eh, Mr. Hornby? There is no use in undergoing shipwreck every day by talking about it." The colonel jumped up. "I'll go and satisfy my own mind!" he cried. "I'm an old sailor, and don't believe in driving a ship through a fog;" and he bundled into his wife's cabin for his boots. Hornby presently leaving us I was able to say a few words to Mr. Edwards about his little friend's drunken skylarking on the previous night. He agreed with me that it was best to allow Hornby to remain in ignorance of his behaviour, as it not only kept him free from embarrassment, but it would also pacify Mrs. Inglefield, when she perceived for herself that the little man had no recollection of his misconduct. "The colonel seems rather disposed to be bad-tempered, papa," exclaimed Miss Edwards. "No, my dear, it is his manner. He suf- fered seriously from his liver in India, Aubyn, and never quite recovered his nerves. He is sound enough at bottom. Besides," ex- claimed the old gentleman, bursting into a laugh, "we must all allow that last night's business was quite enough to justify a little sulkiness in him this morning. I didn't dare linger in a doorway when the light was turned on; I should have choked with laughter, and that would never have done." "Well, dear, I earnestly hope this voyage may benefit you," said she. "My daughter speaks as if she had already had enough of the sea, Aubyn—and here we are not two days out yet!" said the old fellow. ''The sea is a little tedious—you must admit that," said she, with a half glance at me. "But we musn't admit it," I replied. "Here we are for the purpose of enjoying ourselves, Miss Edwards; and it will not do to call the play dull before the curtain is fairly lifted." She twitched down the corners of her mouth and went on with her work. I had not before particularly noticed the length and loveliness of her eyelashes. They gave a rare shadow of beauty to her rich complexion as they drooped to her cheeks with the down- ward bending of her gaze. Her father looked at her thoughtfully, running his eye over her figure, till you saw the pride it gave him, replacing his other mood and kindling in his face. Our glances met. "After all, Aubyn," said he, "this voyage is really a last resource of mine. If I am benefited or cured, shall I not be repaid for the cost of a few months of tediousness? You see I make no stranger of you, I involve you in this spell of ennui for the sake of my gout. You are very kind to make one of us." "You have thanked me enough, I am sure. If you had any of the enjoyment I am getting and mean to go on getting out of this voyage, you would know to whom gratitude is really due." Here little Hornby's return caused us to drop the subject. The brief chat, however, made me think that Edwards ought to have foreseen that his daughter would not take long to be bored by her association with people like the Inglefields. She would have been better pleased, I dare say, to have made the journey alone with her father. Of all their friends, and I believe they knew plenty of people, the Inglefields, one might have sworn, would be the very last to please Margaret Edwards with their company. Indeed, I thought then and have always thought since that the trip was badly managed. The ladies should have had a woman to wait upon them. Then I do not consider that our ship's company was numerous enough, remembering that the voyage was one of pleasure, to call it so. Likewise there should have been more guests —room could have easily been found-- pleasant people really fond of the sea and able to enter into the spirit of the health- seeking adventure. Of course I understood the difficulty of getting the sort of friends one would like to have to accompany one in a sailing ship to the Cape of Good Hope and back. But it was no reason if the best could not be had why the worst should have been chosen. Presently the colonel returned with his hairy face glistening. He was followed by Pipes, whose shaggy coat by holding the wet caused him to appear crystallized. "Beg pardon, Mr. Hornby, I'm sure," said the skipper, whose square countenance wore an aggrieved expression, "but I should take it very kind of you, sir, if you'd inform the colonel here that I've been thirty-five years at sea, out of which time I have held a master's certificate for eighteen years, and that this ship is perfectly safe in my charge." Hornby looked indignant and tossed his head, twisting his small figure about. "Really, Colonel—," he began. "Look here, Hornby!" shouted the colonel; "Pipes mistakes. He's too sensitive. He's an old sailor and so am I. I simply desire to point out to him that, in my opinion, a ship in weather of this kind ought to be brought to a stand—hove to; you know the meaning of that term, Aubyn, and, by George, if a man at my time of life isn't to be allowed to have an opinion of his own, why, confound it----" "Mr. Hornby," exclaimed Pipes; "the colonel comes up to me and says, 'Captain, you've got too much sail on.'" "So you have! it's quite true, by Jingo!" shouted the colonel. "I answered," continued Pipes, "that I knew my own business, and that if I didn't, I wasn't going to school to learn it from a military officer." "Yes, yes, that's all very well," cried the colonel; "but if you should run us into a ship, the military officer may be drowned, you know—he and his wife and daughter, Captain Pipes, and by Jupiter! under such circumstances, the military officer, as you call him, has a right to offer a protest against the possibility of risks." "Risks!" exclaimed Pipes, growing hot. "There always are risks at sea. But what are the particular risks now that you should come and tell me what to do, sir? Why, was you to heave the ship to you'd bring some- thing like a risk upon us, for should anything draw down suddenly, there'd be no time to get out of the road—to get the vessel under command; we'd be no better than a half- tide rock, just fit to be run into." "I had no idea you were so nervous, colonel," said Mr. Edwards. "Nervous! confound it, Edwards, I'm not nervous. I'm farsighted. Don't call looking ahead nervousness, hang it!" retorted the colonel. "I want to provide against danger. But there, Captain Pipes, let the matter rest, sir. I'll offer no more advice. You shall do what you please with the ship," and with both hands he fell to curling his moustache. Hornby, Edwards, and I then struck in, defending Pipes's seamanship, assuring the colonel there was no danger and so forth. Eventually we succeeded in dismissing the skipper with a tolerably composed face, whilst the colonel repaired to his wife's berth to ascertain what progress she was making in her toilet with the help of her daughter. After which the three came out, and we stood up to receive Mrs. Inglefield and congratulate her upon her recovery. She was dressed with the same tightness I had taken notice of yesterday, but in another costume. This time it was something uncommonly juvenile—blue serge, laced with yellow ladder-like trimmings down the breast; and you only needed to put the colonel into knickerbockers, and give them each a hoop, to convert them into an advanced couple masquerading as children. She did not look the worse for her sickness. The powder, maybe, on her face concealed such traces as one might expect to notice. Perhaps she had not suffered very severely, but as she stepped out of her cabin, leaning in a kind of album- picture-like pose on her daughter, you saw that she had made up her mind not to be sea- sick for nothing, and that it was her inten- tion to remain interesting for some time. I waited with interest to see how she would comport herself towards Hornby; but though I ridicule because I disliked her—her arti- ficiality, her make-up, her juvenility, and other unpleasant qualities in a woman whose daughter was old enough to be married and settled—yet she was a lady when it came to such a matter as dealing with Hornby's drunken blunder, and the way in which she met him caused me to think it was a great pity that she should make such a fool of her- self in her general conduct. If ever the colonel had doubted my assur- ance that Hornby had no recollection of what had happened, he could no longer question the fact. The little fellow's behaviour was quite convincing. No man, however impu- dent, could have worn the easy manner Hornby carried, could have smiled upon Mrs. Inglefield, congratulated her, bowed and shaken hands as our friend did, had he been sensible of the mistake he had committed on the previous night. So here were we all now supposed to be recovered from sea sickness, and certainly nobody complained; Edwards talked freely and his laugh was tolerably frequent; Hornby flitted about and seemed to understand the deck, though the dance of the ship was pretty gay; Mrs. Inglefield, seated at Margaret Edwards's side, looked pensive and smiled wanly; on the other side was her quiet daughter, answering questions in a low voice, but looking on the whole very well. But the skylights overhead remained blind with the ashen drizzle, and every bone of the Silver Sea creaked again as she drove under her maintopgallantsail through the damp thickness that overhung the deep. 