The Russian Army and Navy.. (From the UToyning Pott,) Tar. uncertainty which prevails with regard to the relations tefcwocn England and Ruaaiff owing to tl» Afghan frontier question imparts additional interest to the »tot« of the Bu&n;&n; military and naval resources. The condition of the army of Russia was fully dealt with in a& article which appeared recently in these co)aBine> and if Will now bo sufficient for the porpot# te state that, omitting from our calculation non combatants, Xta*flu would, in case of war, be able to place in the field at once 758,000 ivftafof. 53,000 riflemen, 50,000 cavalry (included in which force there would b* 14 independent cafalry divisions, with 16ft guns}, increased ixa mediated/ by about 48,000 combatants by the formation cf 70 additional Cossack regiments; S3,000 artillery, with 3,45ft guns; and 35,000 engineers. The above figure* are based upon a work published quite recently on the Russian army, which enables us tcf form an accurate estimate of the land forces afc the disposal of Russia. The figures gives sliow that thut country possesses a field army of 1,OSS,009 combatants, with over 3,600 guns. .As, however, according to the sam® eource, in case of a mobilisation, an hvfantry reserve of 400,000 men would a; once bo avail able, the grand total of a possible Ruisi&sr; field anny could be raised to 1,438,000 men. But this doc3 not by ally means represent the Teal fighting strength of Rnseia, for tbere'fci3 available a second reserve, the first cla-a of : whxh would supply nearly 2,000,000 men, ! whilst no estimate has yet been formed of tho number comprised in the second class. It has been observed by a recent writer that" Russia is practically unassailable in Europe bw England. To some cAiant the' juetneva ef h£» conclusions must bo admitted; but sorely bo cannot overlook the fact th.f hi case of bo^ tilii iea the Russian navy could not hope to jnc cestfully cope with that of Great Britain.. Alarmists in this country notwitsUndingV etzr nary is 6t3l a weapoo not to be despised, aad the Russian Government knows very well time great injury could be inflicted by our ships. At the same tiir.c, it would be folly if we omitted to t ike into account the defensive power, eucb a» it is, which Russia possesses in her navy. ~2f» true that nary within recent ycnr» rsceded frous the 2hirdposition whichitformerlvocaapied, to the .seventh place among naval Powers; tn 5: te still formuUbl* enough to be respeokd, as tho following statement will show. .The Russian navy is divided into four 'divisions, the Baltic fleet, iff*' Black Bea. fleets the Siberian fleet, aud the Caspian fleef* - of which, however, only the first twtf >*4 oer ; tnken soritnuly into account. The Baltic fieefc. ccmpfiees" 32 rroncbtds. viz., 5 turret 'frigates, 9 urmoui'ed cruisers (3 of them building}, 1 case* mont' ship, and if battery ships of the oldi/pe, all eUeacd a» battle ships, .besidesxaourtora for coast .defence, and all Launched before 1367 i |-94 torpedo vessels and boats, 24 cruisers, viz., 3 1 torpedo rain cruisers (1 building], 12eEpper ships of the new and 3 of the old type, ffrispate and 6 fiush.decicd corvettes, 12 gunboats of the new and 5 of tho old type, 30 yachts,.Tiz., 9 steam yachts, 4 cutters, and 17 sailing . yachts; and 79 transport, harbour, Ac., ships j (2 building), of which only 2 are sailing ships il building). Total strength of the BiHtio fleet: 246 vessels of all clashes (of which 5 are under construction). The Black Sea fleet comprises 7 ironclad*, riz., 3 turret ►hips (all building), 2Pop:ffaas and 2 armoured gbn befits, 14 torpedo vessels and boat?, 7 cnusefs of the volunteer fleet, 3 auxiliary cruisers ; $£ other uirarmoored vessels—viz., 2 yachU, 2 flush-deck corvettes, 1 screw steamer, 2 paddle^ steamers, H screw schooners, 14 vessels classed as steamers, 45 small steamers, 1 mine-ship, and 5 fire-ships. Total strength of Black Sea fiest: 117 vessels of all d< scrip tions, some of them, howover, reft old. The three most powerful ship® of that division of the Russian fleet are still under construction. As was 6tated above, the Siberia and Caspian fleets do not count for much, and the latter would only come into requisition in case of an Afghan or Persian wax for the transport of troop*; but to make this return complete they should be included. The Siberian fleet ooia pnses 6 torpedo boat*, 1 clippef, 3 transport vessel*, 4 gunboats, 14 steamers of various sizes, and IS sailing vessels; total, 4o rebels. The Jlotilla of the CVpzaa consists of 3 ^rew gunboats, 1 screw steamer, 7 paddle steamen, S -tfcall steam vessel-*, S sailing transports, 3 - other sailing vessels, and 3 fire-sffips; total, 33 v iic tela. As the Caspian would, in cas> of u war with Afghanistan, become an important route of communication, the de ficiency of steam transports ought to be noted. Russia also possesses tome nnral material on the tea of Aral, consisting of six steamers and about *20 sailing vessels; but leaving these as im material, out of the reclomng, the sum total of the Russian uaw amounts to 112 vessels of all descriptions. Of this number, however, a great number are almost useless; and, confin ing ourselves to 'really efficient ships, we find that Russia has or.lv li>j of tlicm available for service, 2o Wing ironclads (10 battle-ships, 13 co i>i defence vessels of tho monitor class, and 2 armoured gunboat.-}, 1 torpedo ram cruiser, 11 1 torpedo boits. 20 uuarmonred. cruisers, snd 10 gunboat i beside a l«rge number of trars pert*. Jfce. "Wo have not included in this esti mate one ca-vmato ship and five battery ships of an old typo, nor the two Popoflkns; nor, fiimlly, gunboats and cruisers of antiquated pattern, whiuh would not stand the ghost of a chance in a naval encounter. In Ji jxjssiUe collisi ju in Afghanistan between this country and Russia, onTv u small jiropor tion of tho immense military forces st the disposal of the latter could be utilised Jst pre sent. If ii struggle were to take place now, Russia would have to draw, iu tho first place, uuon iho troops located in Turkestan. There are at present < f regular troops ten battalions of rides recruited ami stationed in tho Trans- • Caspian provinces, say about 10,000 men. There are no data available as to the number of cavalry and arrilksy garrisoned there, nor of the irregular toiccs that could be raised on the spot. In the next place, the Russian Government bus a large iorce in reserve in Tmnsiwuoasifl, which it is at liberiy to employ .a .either in the* direotion of Turkey, Persia, or Afghanistan. Russiahas at present permanently stationed in the Transcaucasian provinces an • f army which, on a peace footing numbers about 12S,000 men, but which will, no coubt, be largely augmented by the introduction of compulsory military service iu that portion of ■ the empire. In case of war, a considerable portion of the army would probably bo shipped across the Caspian by way of Baku and Michailovak: but die chief supply of com batants would be drawn from European Russia, over Odessa to Poti, and thence by rail to Baku, and across the Caspian. The moat serious obstacle to the employment of a large force is the difficulty of transport. The Trans Caspian Kail way 'extends. at present from Hicnailovsk to Kizil Arvat, 135 miles, only a short way to Herat, which is 523 miles from the Caspian port; but thero can be no doubt that its gradual extension to Askabad, Sarakhs, and Herat is only a question of time. The respite thus granted to England ought to be made good use of. Bonn Besdt and Punch.—An excellent, although deservedly severe, satire upon Lord Derby and hi3 administration of the Colonial effioe (sijs the Home JVetc*) appeared in London Punch. His butler is interviewed by the journal's " backstair representative," who is at once admitted on satisfactory assurance that he is not " an Australian member of Parlia ment, or some grumbling loafer of that sort." After some sharp hitting about his lordship's private peculiarities, the interviewer asks how the Colonial Minister spends his spare time. The answer is an introduction to Lord Derby's study, which speaks for itself. In the window are two terrestrial globes ; on the walls several colossal maps. The butler explains with pitying contempt, " He knows nothing about geography—never did." The Minister was making up for lost time, but, unhappily, without first-class materials. This was evident from the maps. That of Africa contained no indication whatever of the Caxnc toous; notfaroif was a huge swing chart of the Congo " as known to geographersin 1S37." At this moment some one appears upon the scene. Was it the noble owner of the mansion? The butler for the moment is not certain. But then the new comer sits down and almost pas sionately throws up his arms. "Zanzibar," he cries in despair: "who ever heard of Zanzibar?" The butler, no longer in doubt, at once says, "It's him." The Italian Peess and the Soudan* Ques tion.—Nearly all the Roman journals con tinue to comment on the fall of Khartoum, and and to express sympathy for England. The Opinfonel after declaring that England will succeed in overcoming the difficulties in which she is placed, proceeds as follows:—The Italian Government is bound by no written engage ment; but in the view of the Italian people, which aspires to some position in the world, there exists a moral engagement which cannot be overlooked. The English nation has no need of assistance from other countries, but it is well that it should know that it can count upon the genial and cordial friendship of a free people, which looks upon England as the model of liberty and greatness. While other countries may perhaps indulge in criticism or maintain indifference, England can rely upon Italy, who wishes her success and predict- victory for her. The Victosian Pbess on the Defences — It is an open secret (says the Melbourne Teh graph) that Mr. Service has a quarrel with the Melbourne Press on account of what he con siders its stupendous want of discretion—a lack of discretion, he holds, which amounts to a lack of patriotism. It pursues and publishes information—say, on matters relating to the defence of the colony—in a manner which may be good journalism, but, in Mr. Service's judgment, is very indifferent patriotism. " One would almost think," Baid the Premier to the representatives of the morning journals, "that the Press is in the pay of Russia!" The head'of'the Government is supposed to weigh his words, and to mean them, and this is certainly a very startling charge from such a quarter. Mr. Service cannot be supposed to court a quarrel with the entire Melbourne Press, and he would not speak in tliis fashion unless he had, or, at least, believed that he had, some strong ground for complaint Such a charge, however, is a serious scandal, whether it be tr ue or untrue. If it be un rue, Mr. Service has spoken with culpable carelessness; if it is 'rue, the Press of Victoria ha-* forfeited its right to public respect. In no other Aus tralian capital has the " Russian scare " been taken *o badly as in Melbourne, and nowhere else hiti so much journalistic screaming been done over it as amongst ourselves. This is a *-tate of things not favourable to literary sobriety; and itls undeniable that there have been occasional lapses into indiscretion of a very gross sort on the part of the Press. One journal,'for example, publishes a statement of the unprotected spots on the Victorian coast, and the exict amount of gold at the banks at these places, as a guide to intending filibusters. Roth cur morning contemporaries have published maps of the fortifications of the harbour, (showing the exact position of e*ch bittery, the precise area covered by their fire, the course of ■ he channels, &*c. This information would be invaluable to a Russian fleet just now. It ouiy rem runs that these journals should publish a torpedo map of the harbour showing the cxict position of each mice; and no doubt .they would publish such a map if they could only get the information. The performances of our contemporaries in thin line are amply sufficient to justify, in part at least, Mr. Ser vice's sweeping charge. In Morocco, when a thief is caught in the most trivial offence they politely request him to hold up both hands. They then ask him what hand he would prefer to have in his possession, and when he has mode his choice they cut off the other.. When' a thief has lost both hands and alno • hie feet, he loses his head and stops stealing.'... " - ' ♦ 