Wiit nub ^mrtox. A young -woman is not necessarily an ice girl just because 6he lias a snowy brow. Why is a burglar like a dog that tries to catch its tail? Because he goes around after his swag. A Nebraska girl and a young woman of Arizona are going to compete at throwing the lasso. The lasso wins wiil no doubt prove a great catch. ' This is a nice time to come home, and a nice state you're in,' she said. ' Nice time ! Nice state ! Thanks, lovey, I thought you were going to scold me.' I 'Charming girl that Miss Lucy, Jack.' 'Think so? I never could bear her. She al ways treats me as if I was an ass, you kiiow.' ' Indeed, I didn't know she knew you.' Trees have some characteristics in common with people. In the spring they begin to leave for the summer, although some will be unable to do so, because their trunks will be seized for board. 'So the Commander-in-Chief rides up,' says Michael Sullivan, recounting his own valiant doings in Egypt — 'The Commanderrin-Chief rides up as the army shtood in line of bhattle, and he calls out, 'Is Mike Sullivan in the ranks?' 'Here I am, gineral,' siz I, stepping Jorsvard. ' Then let the ingagement begin, siz he,' ' ; ' I wish you would give me a dime,' said a tramp to a parson. 'Impudent fellow ! You beg, and yet you dont ever take off your hat tome,' replied the reverend gentleman. ' I hope you will excuse me this time. If I take my hat off that policeman on the corner will suspect me of being a tramp and arrest me, but if I keep my hat on he will think that we are two friends talking over our family affairs.' ! He had halted a pedestrian to ask for money enough to get him a lunch when the gentleman , exclaimed, ' What ! I gave you money yester- j day!' 'Yes'r.' 'And I saw you walk straight to a saloon and spend it.' ' So I did, sir.' 'And what hind of a man are you?' ' One to be depended on, sir. I ask for money to buy a lunch and spend it in whisky. I never tell but the one story, and I never vary j from the programme.' ?, A story is told of a sb/.ewish Scotchwoman j who tried to wean her husband from the dram- j shop by employing her brother to act the part of j a ghost and frighten John on his way home, i 'Who are you V said the guidman, as the i apparition rose before him from behind a bush. 'I am auld Nick,' was the reply. : 'Come awa' mon,' said John, nothing : daunted, ' Gie's a shake o' your hand. I am married tae a sister o' yours.' , ' Why do you leave me to get married to J such a worthless fellow?' said a Newark | lady to her servant. ' Sure, it's to give me bones a rest,' answered the girl. When the lady met the girl a few months later she found her pale and haggard, and remarked that she did not look as though her bones were getting much rest. 'Ah,' said the girl, 'it's me jawbones that are getting entirely too much rest, mum. Faith, I don't get enough to ; eat.' 'Young gentlemen,' said a lecturer in chemirtry, 'coal exposed to the elements loses tenper cent, of its weight and heating power. This is due to the action of the alkali constituents of ? ' ' But what if there is a dog sleeping near the coal, professor V li None of your levity, young man. This is a serious matter.' 'That's what dad thought when seventy- two per cent, of his coal pile disap peared during three nights of exposure. Then he asked my advice as a student of chemistry, and I told him to buy a. dog. He bought a doer, with bav- window teeth and the strinsrhalt in his upper lip, and now we don't lose one per cent, of our coal a month. That's the kind of a practical chemist I am. !Now go on with your theory.' Editing a paper is not a very pleasant busi ness, says an American paper. If it contains too much political matter people won't have it. If it contains too little they won't have it. If the type is small they can't read it. If we publish telegraphic reports folks say they are nothing but lies. If we omit them they say we have no enterprise, or suppress them for political effect. If we have a few jokes they say we are an old fossil. If we publish original matters they blame us for not giving selec tions. If we publish selections folks say that we are lazy for not writing more, and giving them what they have not read in some other paper. If we give the public men complimen tary notices we are 'censured for being partial. If we do not, all hands say we are an uncouth bear. If we insert an article which pleases the Iadiesmen become jealous. Ifwedonotcaterto their wishes, the paper is not fit to have in their house. If we attend church they say it is only lor effect. If we do not, they denounce us as terribly wicked. A colored man was busily engaged hi sawing wood for Colonel Powis, when the latter observed that the bosom of the man and the brother, so to speak, was adorned by an Odd fellow's old breast pin. ' Do the white Odd fellows and the colored Oddfellows affiliate?' asked Colonel Powis. ' Don't affilyate wof a cuss, but they helps each other out.' ' Well, that is the same tiling, ainJt it?' 'No, sir; hjts nbt the same ting. ' ' What's the difference?' The colored man stopped sawing wood, and made the following explanation : — ' Last week, when that norther was a freeziu' de marrer in yer bones, I went into de saloon of a white man who totes dis very same emblem. I was in distress, as I hadn't a dram dat mornin,' so I gib him the signal of distress.' 'Did he respond *' 'He didn't gib tiie proper response. De proper response would have been to rub his lef ' ear wid his right hand and to hab sot out de bottle.' ' Then he did not respond to you correctly?' ' No, sir ; he made a motion at de doah wid one hand and reached under de bar wid de udder. I made de Oddfellow*' signal of distress once inoah, anJ den sometuin' hard hit me on the head au: knocked m« clean out in de street.' 'Then the colored Oid^ fellows and the white Oddfellows do not affiliate?' '' Just vhat I UM you. Dey don't fillyate, but dey help *««h u-id- rr out. I was helped out into d«' bim£- wid. a bung starter, but fillyate nwans to *?t nit -iv ltfix^hoKjats.' 