I'ROVlSOIAl PRESS TELEGRAMS. Bv Electric Telegraph. Melbourne. Mav 11. Tbe proceedings attbe Mayor's luncheon to day were characterised by great enthusiasm. Captain Thomas, Colonel Di6ucy aud the Minister of Defence, expressed their convic- tion that the colony would, in the event of war, be fonnd ready for service. His Excellency the Governor has issued invitations for his official dinner in kouor of the Queen's Birthday, on the 26th May. Alexauder Forbes, who claims to be cousin to the well-known war correspondent of that name, was, after an elaborate speech to the bench, sentenced to eight months' imprison ment. The prisoner wept bitterly. A number of thoroughbreds were offered for sale by auction to-day, but tbe majority were passed in, the rest only realising low prices. John Johnston, John Lynch, and Josiah Jackson to-day received sentences of 5, 3 and 5 years respectively, for the Hawthorn jewel lery and other robberies. A number of the adherents of the Rev. Alexander Dowie were to-day fined £ 5 , with costs, for marching in an unauthorised pro cession. Several refused to promise that they would not repeat the offence. On the arrival of the " City of Sydney" from San Francisco, a steerage passenger, named Maxwell, supposed to be Dr. Angwin, was arrested, charged with the murder of Charles Gallagher. A revolver was fouud In his possession. Several Hotham larrikins were fined heavily to-day for assaulting Constable M4Grath, who had to use his handcuffs in self-defence. The case of George Rex, who appealed against disqualification, is to be taken Into consideration at the next meeting of the V.R.C. Committee on the first Tuesday in June. Tbe following entries for several of the events to be run at Fleming ton on the Queen's Birthday were made this afternoon : — Selling Race — Leisure, Sunstroke, Brella, Gold Top, Warina, Pilot, Damai, Delima, Wildrake, Anagram, Marony, Cecrops, Stationer, Lady Loch, Woodbine, Achmet. Hurdle Race— Chatsworth, Equity, Yellow Hammer, Nutlad, Guardfish, Echo, Ingle- side, Fusilier, Waverley, Pride of Oaklands, Cockboat, Old Saul, Merlin, Minerva, Despatch, Beresford, Agitation, The Agent, Footman, Tatler, Royal Maid, Totalisator, William of Dunleaiy, Hunter, Dunstan. Steeplechase — Songster, Goodwood, Topsail, Deceiver, Midnight, Governor, Reticent, Blackthorn, Fickle, Granville, Pride of the Hills, Whitethorn, Denmark, Moy, Native. Secoud Selling Race — Sunstroke, Stafford, Primus, Sir Charles, Cecrops, Lady Loch, and Woodbine. Welter Handicap Flat Race Waudo, Achilles, Doucaster, Ingleside, Pailleroo, Stafford, Pride of Oaklands, Imperial.. Bristol. Sir Charles, Pole Star, Distiller, Duration, Sea Breeze, Marony, Meander, Stationer, Bon Bou, Ghost, Wood bine and Lands eer. Wheat — buyers, 3s 9d. Flour, £7 15s ; oats, easier ; maize, 4s Id to 4s 2d ; bran, 1b Id. ____ 