Pennant Hills. ST. PAUL'S PARSONAGE. THE foundation-stone of St. Paul's Anglican' parsonage was laid on Wednesday afternoon last under very favourable circumstances, considering the inclement nature of tbe weather: The rain held off till the time announced for the ceremony, when a few smart showers came down, but shelter was afforded the large gathering present in the pavilion erected for the teameeting. When the rain had ceased those present assembled at the right side of the building, proceedings beimr commenced by the singing of hymn S78, Mercer, ''The Church's one foundation," and an impromptu prayer by tbe iuoumbent of St. Paul's, the Uev. G. Macintosh. The secretary then read a list of subscriptions received towards tho building fund of the parsonage, amounting to £245 16s, including the following donations:—£50 from the Church Society; Mr. A. H. M'Culloth, M.P., £25 ; Sir. T. F. Mackenzie, £20; Mr. P. Hockley, £20; Bev. G. Macintosh, £10; and Mr. J. Bennett, £10. He also stated that the contract price for the building was £650. The Rev. G-. Macintosh then announced that a meeting of the. building committee hadunanimously decided to ask Mrs. Allen to lay tho foundation-stone, as an acknowledgment o* her gift of the ground on whicb the parsonage was erected, and the valuable assistance that lady had at all times rendered in ohurch matters. He therefore had much pleasure in presenting Mrs. Allen with a silver trowel, on which was inscribed: "Presented to Mrs. Bartholomew' Allen on the laying of the foundation-stone of St. Paul's parsonage, Pennant Hills, on the 9th December, 1885." The stone being adjusted, Mrs. Allen declared it well and truly laid in the name of tho Father, Son and Holy Ghost. A bottle, containing a copy of the "Sydney Morning Herald," and a bill on-which was printed tbe arrangements in connection with the ceremony, and n fecroll on which was the {following, was llaid under the stone The foundation-stone of this building, being tbe parsonage of St. .Paul'ajchurcfe.- I^nnar.t Hills, (parish of Field' of Mara, was laid on the 9th'December in the- JEU.PT JUT,Lord, 1885, in the; 4Sth year of the reign fir Her 'Most Gracious: Majesty Queen Victoria', by Mrs. Bartholomew Allen. Lord iCarington,. jfho, was expected to arrive in the polony fla, .'the ' 12thyjnstaiit, being then DtajBany, -Bishop "^nstmlia. Pastor, faiMUog committee,^ iffianks, Phillip _ In MlEinnon. Con- (racior».J6hh->MQbbs." J , .-ii:. r,.. ' : The tMr; ' Maantoshj rtmadced that. many had linked forwarjl to that day tot some. time past. A parith withppt a ,paUbnage he regarded a£ bid afe' a. school ^without a realdehoe for the'teacher/.who perhaps was oom*- ' lelled tolive miles awajr fromj the iscene of-his abours, and to aceitatn extent oould < not fully «ttend to his duties. Situated .as . he <*tts, he must confess that he had not been able to give his attention to church matters iu their midst as he wished, and he thought they bad not sufficient services.' He should like them to have three services on Sundays and at least two during the week, but owing to his having to attend to Hornsby and Gordon he had not found it practicable to carry this out. However, as he would soon be living in. their midst, he had no doubt that more favourable relations would spring up betjreen himwilf anjd the congregation. They had heard the iaUtement of ac-. counts, and could understand what pas desired to complete the ceremony just performed. 'The^contitiist-price" was-' £660, but it was probable the extras, fencing, etc., would bring this up to £750. Something near £250 '-had been received in subscriptions, and they had borrowed £400 from tho Churph Building Loan Fund for seven years,' In a new parish he knew it was difficult to raise funds, bat he felt thankful to the people of Pennant Hills for the kindly interest and assistance jthay had shown in matters connected with tble church. A lot of work had been done, activity .and.zeal being particularly shown in the proceedings of that day and a desire manifes$M to. promote the work of the church.-'.&e;'ajgaiu thanked the irishioners/ahd -called npop the Uev. A. L ''Heilly tosayfcfeW words. , . The Rev. Jl. I. -QUeilly stated that it gave him great pleanite to bo present, amongst them that dajr. He looked upon the laying of the foundation-stone of, a parsonage id a parish aa a most auspicious qccMpon, af a the immediate presenoe of their -clers amongst. them would no doubt have great ii nonce in further- ing church matters. He referred to the French revolution in 1792, when, owing to oppression and tyranny, tbe poor classes rose en matte against the wealthy classes, and he stated that a similar state of things, with its terrible results, would have occurred in England but for the purity of the. cJergymen's 'homes and 1 their influence with the people. ,The Church was founded upon one foundation; and he regarded the clergyman as the foundation of a parish. The clergyman < however required assistance from-his parishioners. what he saw around him he was sure the people of Pennant Hills seconded the efforts o£ their pastor, and that they trusted and respectied him. But although they had already accomplished a great deal, there was still much; to be done, and there was a large deficit on' the building which they shonld strive to wipe' off. Ji all he saw around him that day contributed something be was sure the debt would soon be discharged. He trusted they would come forward liberally, and that the presence of their pastor amongst them would be bjtassed with good results. Contributions, amounting: to nearly £20, were then laid on the stone. The Rev. Mr. Macintosh announced that he had received an apology, from Mr. A. H. M'Culloch, M.L.A., who was unable to attend, but sent a further contribution of £1 la. Before the company adjourned to the pavilion he would take the opportunity of thanking those who had provided and s misted at the tea. Particularly he thanked the ladies, but he was also pleased to acknowledge the interest taken in the proceedings by tbe young men, who liad provided two tables. He trusted they would continue to show a lively interest in everything connected with the churah. > Those present then partook of a very excel lently prepared tea which had been iaid spacious pavilion constructed of bushes and tarpaulins. The interior presented a very attractive appearance, mottoes, tastefully lettered with flowers and greenery, adorning the walls and other parte of the structure. There were twelve tables, on which were conspicuous ; choice collection of the summer fruits grown in the district. The tables were provided by Uric. G. Macintosh, Mrs. B. Allen, Mrs. Joseph Franks, Mrs. Joseph Stephen, Mrs. W. Spurway, Mrs. C. Gow, Mrs. G. Grimes, Mrs. E. Harris, Mis. T. Buchanan, Mrs. P. Hockley, and two by the bachelors. A large number availed themselves of the recherche meal, but many who had taken tickets ware prevented by the rain from bang present. All the young ladies in the district appeared to assist at the tea, which passed off with much eclat, and was no doubt the means of raising a good -sum to wards the building fund. - The site on which the parsonage is to be erected is pleasantly situated on ft commandim elevation fronting the Pennant HiUs Road, an< ieiumJrfe'undVbftlf in «xlent. The toilding will be a'tfao 'sforey Gothic villa, containing eight rooma "eiilusive of ptmtries, bath-rooms, etc.,- and entrance, hall 6 feet 6 inches wide. The walls will be of krick and the roof of corrugated iron.- In dimensions the parlour will be 16 x tl r and will open into the dining-room, 15 x 12, with large folding doors. On the left side of the house a wing for a study, 12 x 12, will be erected. A covered archway will connect the kitchen, 14 x 12, with tbe main building, aad upstuirs will be four bedrooms opening on to-a balcony of 25 feet, the whole frontige of the villa, and a bathroom. '1 be design is by Mr. G. McKinnon, uf Parramatta, and is a very neat one. PrBLic SCHOOL A public meeting to agitate the immediate erection of a now public school for Curliogford was held in the old schoolhouee on Monday evening last. Mr. F. C. Cox, the convener of the meeting, presided, and explained at some length the objects for which he had summoned the residents, at the same time condemning the apathy shown by tbe Education Department in the matter of providing them with a schod of sufficient accommodation. There was a large number present, and after come discussion, it was moved by Mr. E. Harris, seconded by Mr. Joseph Franks, and carried unanimously—" That a deputation, consisting of Messrs. F. O. Cox, W. Spurway, and tho mover, unit upon the Minister for Education with referm<:u to the school site, and nrge tbe necessity of treeling a new building without delay." 