Bags and I. By T. O. T. Chapter VI.— (.Continned.) It is quite settled! No remorseless fiat went forth to blast our hopes ; Mr. Adrain actually decided in Mabel's favour, and now, a week later, we are bound on oar delight ful queRt. My spirits are even beyond themselves, reaching a crisis when, before early dinner, I go up to my room to dress. Mabel and Mary's calm composure inspires me somewhat with wondering awe at their mighty self-control. But once within my own doors the wild joy bursts forth. Flesh and blood can stand such restraint no longer, and like a mad Maria, whoever that much-maligned individual may db, 1 BBirmisn rapturously rounu. ouaaeniy soDer aown and commence getting myself up ad lib. I never took so much heed in dressing before. My style is generally of the pitchfork order, tumbling into garments, allowing them to settle into just and right folds wben time permits. Now it is different, and with such results that, when ready, I feel with a complacency beyond my years that my pains have not been altogether in vain ; tbat I am rather presentable ; in fact, not half bad-looking. Dinner bell puts an end to my reflections. Shortlived vanity, sweet and gratifying though it be, destined to shatter down with a tenible fall. Mabel and Mary fcave outetepped themselves. Mabel is the lovelier of the two when in repose; but, when excited, Mary's face lightens with the flashing brilliancy of her own spirits, and she bears out her quick, original manner and whimsical, attractive sayings. My hopes of being a star are instantly extinguished. Crestfallen, I follow my beautiful companions, an insignificant, commonplace little satellite. There is not much time to waste in disappointed vanity. Dinner over, while we put on our wraps, Mr. Adrain stalks impatiently up and dovn the hall, calling us in quick, rharp tones to hasten below. His gentle little wife stands apologetically by, glancing uneasily at the wailing carriage without, and back at her indignant lord. She does not go wilh us, and as sbe bids good-byn, hoping we shall all enjoy it greatly, 'especially Nell,' I think how much nicer it would be if eho were one of us. We arrive in good time, 'ihe overture is played as we enter and take our seats. Everyone is busy finding out their friends all round the house. No familiar face meet* my gaze, only tier after tier of strange happy children in whirls of excitement and expectation ; half -scornful, half appreciative elder brothers ; calm.eedate fathers and mothers ; cheerful, kindly faced old uncles and er&ndfathera; with bountiful hearts and bountiful pockets. Down below are Darby and Joan, Phyllis and Joan, twenty times repeated, clinging tenaciously to walkingsticks and parasols- the world forgetting, by the world forgot. Longingly I eye the curtain so jealously guarding the glorious my* teries witbin, cutting off the wonderful beings on one side from their envious, less talented brethren on the othpr— a maivellous curtain, adorned with an Oriental pier and Oriental men and women, yearning stolidly over tbe parapet to the yellowy - green water below. Above are more curiopitiea— s-hak- Bpeare heading the ' Seven AgPB of M an.' 1 contemplate, BBtonished, wondering if in this world' s history such mon strosities moved, and breathed, and had their being ; gaunt, spectral figures of a dust and ashes rolour, running with weird straining muscles a never-ending race across the dome. Just as the curtain rises several naval men come in ; among them I recognise my little friend, Charlie Amherst. At the first interval two or three officers come round to speak to Mary and Mabel, and Charlie and I relapse into a friendly little chat. We have met a good many times since Christmas Day on the chip, and have grown into fast friends, such wonders do fellow-feelings and kindred tastes create. I glow delightedly over the lovely dancers, exqui site, graceful movements of the actors of the scenes, who, with seemingly individual knack and happy luck, glide to their own positions without studied effect or premeditated appointment. The jokes are so good and the laughter so real that with breathless eagerness I follow np the plot, as if a human history were being enacted and we spectators of its weal or woe. The clown makes a huge impression — the very ghost of fun finds a haven of appreciation with me— and his mirth is so infectious that 1 enter into it with no ordinary interest. Charlie Amherst says it is nothing after the English pantomime, and when I go to London 1 must be sure to see Drury L»ne— indeed, I think he offers to take me when I stay with bis people at Amherst Court in Derby shire, a most lovely old place from his accounts. As we chat over these dreamy castles in Spain, the noble heart of man, as represented up among the gods, requires support between the acts. Porters and boys do a thriving trade with their stocked baskets of stale-looking cakes and hard, unripe fruit. Good, bad, or indifferent, the wares meet with a ready sale, the purchasers turning to with sturdy wills to dispose of these tempting luxuries, yet prepared at the curtain's rise to take up the plot as readily as anyone. The piece comes to a close, the last encore has been given, the last dancer whirled off, the last appearance made! Remorseless ss fate down the curtain fails. Mr. Adrain bids us ait still till the first rush of exit be over. The crowd disperses ; rows and rows of empty chairs grow every minute more conspicuously blank and bare. Darby shakes Joan into innumerable wraps; Phyllis blissfully tucks her hand through Lubin's arm ; the porters and fruitboys stoically bring up the rear. Then we, too{ get up and go, leaving the theatre gaping and staring in its emptiness, a drear abyss of desolate solitude. We drive off in comfortable ease, leaving our less fortunate fellowmen to scramble on, joetlng their neighbours, ignoring with cool disregard the common bond of sympathy which bound them in unison within the theatre doors. - Chapter TIL The days wear on, and my visit has more than half gone by, when, towards the latter part of January, mother writes, telling me that Harold and Ruth are coming to Sydney at once, to meet Flora and Ethel Clovelle, and that Mr. and Mrs. Adrain may expect to see them one day during their short visit in town. It is glorious news to me. For 1 am weaiily longing for a sight of some of my dear home folks. A few days later the maid comes to my room with an announcement that a visitor awaits me below. Not a moment do 1 pause ; it can be no one but Ruth. Helter skelter down 1 rush, fairly wild with joy and delight, and turning the handle of the door burst headlong into the room. 'Ruth, darling, how glad I am to see yon ! When did you come ? Why didn't you write and tell me the day ? Oh, Ruth, Ruth, I am so glad ! ' Half laughing, half crying, I gasp this out, clinging to my fitter like an iron vice, feeling 1 never can let go. Ruth bugs me, too, and kisses me ov er and over again. Then we subside into the most tumbled, happiest heap in the world, and chatter on, having so much to say on either side. Not one word can I afford to lose of Yariaboola ; a hundred and one questions must be answered about everybody and every thing. Yariaboola is my little world, with which ncne other can compare ; a world where all my sympathy is centred, and all my love bestowed. ' We could cot let you know of our coming, Nell. Mother did not expect the vessel till next week. And had sot a telegram been sent from Melbourne, we should have remained in happy ignorance as to its whereabouts. But the captain said he had the girls on board, and would arrive about to-day. We had just time to pack up our things and set off at once. The steamer came in early this morning, so we went first to the Royal for breakfast, took rooms for the night, then started straight for the wharf where the steamer lies. The girls were ready waiting and came off almost without delay with Harold and me.' ' Where are they now ?' ' After showing them their quarters at the hotel, I told them that you were staying out here, and, if possible, I wanted to see you some time during the day. They have some shopping to do, so Harold has gone as guide, for they would not be able to find their, way alone.' ' I hope they didn't mind you leaving them, Ruth ? ' ' Ob, I don't think so. They would see how little time we have at command, and understand thoroughly. Ob, no, they will not feel hurt. But, Nell, dear, I want to ask Mrs. Adrain to let you come into town with me, we can have the day together, and do exactly as we please. Would you like ' Like it ? How can you ask ! Of course I shall like it ! How good of you to think of such a capital plan. I will run and ask Mrs. Adrain now.' Tearing from the room I nearly tumble over that gentle little woman as she crosses the hall. She is so nice and kind, wanting Ruth and Harold to come to Goldentutch while they are in town, and even inviting the strange Indian cousins too. It is, however, quite out of the question, as they all return to-morrow. 