A Miasher's LCyclopedia. A young society man, with more brains than the general run of shakers of tile nmmble heel, is preparing a private directory for the use of his fellowtoilers in tihe Melbourne drawing-rooms. It is to be en titled, "Girls I know, andhow to interest them." Looking over the advance sheetsof this curious hlittle volume, we are profoundly aifected by the philosophy its pages evince. An extract will give an idea of the plan on which the work ta constructed : Lottie A.-Read up on flowers. Be stronL: on Machel Niel roses. Dose her up with tulips; anecdotes of early.violets. Bud-de stroying frosto highly acceptable. Maggle B.-Books; novels of sensation. Read up "Leavenworthl Case,'" "l House on tle Marsh," and "Great Porter Square Mystery." Hint about mysterious murders soon to be made public. Harrow her. Maggie wouldn't give a cent for one who can't harrow her. Ghost experience in de. sorted church yards always acceptable. Plenty of blood and spooks. Sadie C.-Poetry. Give her Tennyson. Compare her to Clara Vere de Vere. Give her a few stanzas of "Licksly Hall." Go light on "Mnaud " and "Idyls of the King." Scick to the lyrics. Tell her she reminids you of "Elaine," or " Vivian," and wislh you were " Merlin." Alice D.--Lawn Tennis. Run down cro quec. Alice has snide ankles. Mamie E.--Scaudal. Dou't be afraid of going too far. Maidie hates widows. Was cut out once by a widow and engagement spoiled. Say widows ought to be banished tromn the society of unmarried people andi put on a reservation. The harder you lean on the wilows the mnore Mamie will like you. Annie F.-Platinics; brotherly love ; ab hiorrence of tlirtation. Lay it on stroiig. Mourn for a sister that died in her cradle. Annie will cotton to you at once. Say you wish you had a sister like her. The odds are she'll invite yon to love her as a sister. Don't refuse invitation to lunch. Old F.'s claret can't be beat, and there's always a chance for ansmall drop of fizz. Kittie S.-Be rompish. Squeeze her hand. Kittie likes fellows with no non sensii about them. If you don't manage to kiss her biefore you go, she'll set you down as a mulf, and you needn't call again. Hug hlier every chlanemc you get. Don't mention iB.'s name ; he jdlted Kitty. The advantages of this work are simply incalculable. 