1HE CUi -DAY. Dr GuICE DARnLGO. It's all very fine of you to say that I am a lucky girl to win the Caulfield Cup, but you ask either'the boss or Paddy Gill.and they'll ell you I showed them a"" go" good enough for anything, and made the Ghost give up over the last six furlongs ; and both were certain that I was a long way in-it. The way Williams got through showed he knew what he was doing, and the stable landed a fair stake, and I'm glad I put down that misnamed -Britisher,- for he is not a game one,anyhow. He fairly caved when 1 clhal loenged him, and tlhat's not like a Britisher anyhow', for obstinacy is a real Britisher's religion. The Melbourne Cup is the race of the year. M[o IlI don't feel any the worse for my victory, but two -miles is a bit further than I've vet been.; but neither is there any reason why'l slhouldn't get over that journey as well as I did the mile and a half ; for my Pa, the Diver, cotild stay for a week, and the Sir Hercules. blood of my mamma should assist me equally ' well over a long journey. You didn't wish to be personal. 'Oh, you're quite excusable. I don't like insinuations though. But, about Cup Day. Well, I'm told that the cominittee made no end of improvements ii the accomodation for the public, and quite right too for.its" the public that bring in the money, which brinigs owners, horses, and 'lioolknikerastogether.. 'The Stand- has been doneaianid_'jimproved wherever possible; the aecoin'datiou' for thti :ladies has been wiobdlhrfilly. imi?'oved.; refresh iiints are-ar- ranged ontheabest possible footing,'while the racing promiseos _to 'bo bettor than at any previous meeting and, the 'amount 'of' rain which has already fallen' this season, assures us-of fine.weather, and' has rendered course and. lawn like-ann emerald ;carpet.' Never before have I seen such -verdure and such a wealth of.bloom at this season of the year as is now io be found at Flemington; while I'm told-that the dresses, this year are so tasteful, yet. bright, and will be worn by-such a hlost of bright-eyed girls that the Stand will resemble a living flower show. Then on the hill the accomodationifor its patrons has been greatly .improved, and the whole of the enormous crowd expected will- be accomo dated without crushing or confusion. The programme is a good one, and lihas a noble entry indeed: .The Railway Stakes opens the ball,andhere the cracks are slightly handicapped to the moderate divisiou by penalties, but as a rule the cracks .win; but with Honeydew, Moon shee,.: IRavensworth, Oakleigh, Isonomy, and First Chester in this, a most. exciting contest may he anticipated ; and at a mile and a quarter :Wincliester might upset the lot:' The Kensington Stakes then brings out a fine field of. two-years.old, and as both The Nun 'and Maddelina are engaged, it. shows that soam rare quality will be on view, while the Fobber, Halcyon, Dufferin, and Esaie are to thelore. The Hurdle liace comes next. In thit'the Agent heads the list, -nd I fancy it is justpossible that he, P,oyal Maid and Duiration will all have a say in-it;, for .Mr. s;,rnard has'made a great handicap, and a rare contest may be -looked for. The lrcl-. bourne Cup now promises to be the greatest Race over two miles ever seen in Victoria, fully 35 horses may be expected to start, and each horse, owner, and trainer is con. fident of victory. And if you are in the pad. dock go to the rails when the race is being run, and as the horses turn for the abbatoirs do you turn also and look at the hill, and as long as you live you'll never forget the sight -as the faces turn like one man's, following the flying steeds in their fierce struggle for Ithe-palm of victory. The Nursery Handi cap follows, and .here such a host are entered that -they'll take an hour -to look -at. The Yan lean Stakes follows, and. this has even a greater entry, sixty horseshavingnominated. If this -isn't enough sport for one day for anyone le must bea glutton, and as I hear -Paddy coming with a feed of oats I'll say good bye pro tern as they say in the classics. 