THE IMPERTINENOE OF "TRUTH.1 Truth though popularly supposed to live In a combined state cf modosly, and nudity at the bottom of a woll, is oeoMlonally in tho hsblt of comlog to the lustaee In a moit uu- biushlog condition of impudsno?, and clothed with garments that wonld sit better on false hood, Personified a a nowapapot In the metropolis ot Ecglind, and under tho guardianship ol Mr Hsnry Ltbouobote, the onco retirirg goddeis li moio than ever oonspiououo, A:co:diog to that voiy veracious gentleman who edits the above journal the aotlcnot tbo Now South Wales Governmint In sending a eontlngont to the Soudan is merely 14 harking babk" on the Darwinian principle npon the nature aud bias of some ol tho ancestors ot the presout generation, who suing that 11 thoro is a crib to be asked" aro anxious to have a crack at if, la another column we give the full text ol Ms boaehero' oot-pourlng on this subject, and m roadera oan jodge tor themselves gl the one and feeling that eoold havo led auoh a man to pea such words. For the opinion ot a man whoto election to I'xrliimont was onos set asido (or corruption ol tho most corrupt order, and who now holds his eoatundor the regis of Mr B:adlavghe Influence with a certain section ol the B.iliih poopl?, we do not imagine that any AmtraHin o&rta; ono rap. New South WaIoi and AnrtrMti generally have received tbo tbsuks ot tho Q i<cn and tho British nation (or their dliplay ot brotherly affecitlcn, Aulrl:au troops are at the present moment brigaded with toraa ol tho crackeat rcgimonte in the B.itlih army, and wo can well afford to lot the opinions ot »nch a perron a: Mr Labmohsre go by the board, His Foiticcoo, nodonb), amuso him »el', and they ccitricly do cot hart Australia, But when this cl.tr deror ol man who aro as reedy to fight Lr their country as ha is ti scribble .igainst acd rnaligu i.b asks tho qiss- tion what buiinors AuittolUhas to Inidifsre iu the affairs cl Egrpt, tho answer is an flaBy one, Thetditor cf. "Truth"— Heaven save tho umk! —is liko eorue olhur writers ou the British Pees?, They ntver know exactly what they rcrlly w.urt, nud ia their d(sire tiths; to abase a Givorument, or Io woik cut a personal end, th;y (rsqaeotly iuvclve themrelvra in the leggiest of fogs. It is eo with tho honorable member for voracity, in this instscce Am trail a has a very deep iuteiert commsroialty and socially io Egypt Jo?t as she has a cousideroblo interest io the affairs ollodio. Tto dwellers bj 11 rtany B\y as this distingaisbed gergraphiit oudtosloly taltler oaUs Autlrsliaie, ars no longer practi cally cut off from ictercoaiBj with the Old World. Tbo oosan has bien bridged, aud and U is our buefuics to Icok alter the props, So" far at Egypt is concsrned Aus tralia is at one end ol tbo chain and England fa at the other. The safety of the Snez Oanai is o! vital impcrtauos to oar commercial aud social inlerocms?, and its thorough safety oan only bo as:urod wirn tbo D.lta of Egypt is either held by a LLndly pomrsecurod ngaiost Sond&DEss; rggnseions or in tho bauds of Groat Britain bene!/. For this reason Australia has a right to aland shoulfcr to shoulder with tbo mother eoucwy la tbi « matter, andahois road/ to do tr.M. Ldbcashsrc's U.gout criticism not- withslandirg. Terearealow itsoce t> hand to day con- oercicgtbo war in thi Smdan, The I-iriiau regiment left in tho Zirtb\ on ho road to Tam«i bate abandoned that porition aud (al ien back cn Saakin, with all tho military stores from the Zxreba. The Co'dsiioam Guards and the New Bjntb Wales O 'Oticgcst are dofen!- irg the railway l|OA whiob 1? bring constructed from Snakia to Bcibjr, aad havo gono out fiva miles towxra lliudob It Is rumizcd that Lord Wohkloy is to take oimmand ol thi trcops at 3a&kir;, at ptte'flt uudjr Gouorri GreLam. It ia announced that M, Hmrl Briaien had succcrdedic (ormicg a now 'Fxensh Miniatsy, hf. Froycioef, who wai uaabla to form a Cabinet b!m:oif, has aiasptad tho portfolio of Mini. tor ol Foreign Affrirs under M. Briesou, Eogland has received another effor ol Ialinn ralive troops in tbo cv ut an outbreak ol hostilities with Rnesfn The Government of Nepaul has prcfl.rod. the (orvioea of 150CO Shoorkbar, Tbeaa troops aro viry smAl), ba very active soldiers, and arc meat determined fighter?, Tney would probably be fouadol grcM cs?. Tho inb-b'tsnts cl South Milbourne wero this morning horrifir-d 'to boar that a terribb tragedy had taken pLco dm irg the night in Cheiscll street A romcr qoirkiy spread o?<r the entnrb that a working m»n, named Bowdoo, b<-d his wile wtih a xo-cl?sr,axd then sommittid coioido '.it a tho vresp-B, Ioqairy prov«d th.4t tho rumor was ouly too well founded, and during tho whol'i o! the (otccocn the scene o! the dreadful o:cur- rocce has bt?n the gteat attrAotion lor tnn i:lc:a tl the neigtberhood. Hjd:;dj cf p<op'o Ibrocg the clde walk?, and whsnovor tted'jrr cf tho hcuso is op'jntd by auy o! tho cffici&ls; Iho crowd fleck np oceirioofttiy endeavoxicg foobtaiu a glimpiQ'of tbo ict;rior. A full acocu&t; ol tbo checking affair appca;s In another column, Another instance of wantnn eaorifioi of ror- viceablo weapons by the Dsfoiica department has keen bronght under our ootioc, R:ondy over a hundred good cavalry sunrds, which sty crack cavalry regiment would be glad to ujp, were sell fur a song to a marine store dealer to mako place lor what aro said to be inferior weapons, The Rrilway tffieials did not take a serious view ol the averted Railway orilirion on tbo Fiankatcu line, but state that It was merely a caie of a trrin slightly overrunning the platform. Bs this as it may, hod the trains cot been bronght to a stscslUl when thoy were oviD to small a mattor as tba over sunticg ot the platfo.m by ono ol thorn might havo b:cn aUoadcd with very eorioua pfr n,nnan(-AM. Tho following informclion has been reoalvod from Adelaide:— "The International Telegraph Bureau at Burno advises that telegrams aro to bo accepted for Colon and Panama. at sender's rlik only." A man. nnracd Pcler Thompson, cgod 33 year, waa jarnraod between somo oaios aad the «ide of tha lfghter NarrAumisrio tc-day,nnd lantaintd fraalure of the right leg. He was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital, Mr John Kendall, (armor, ol Nunawadiog, hts rcfort-d to tho polios that between Lr«0 aad LCO h&a; been stolen from a bunk in his stable i A woman named Mary Ann Ifayev, living at Backbur&t; street, Booth Melbourne, was tbtwu out ot a baggy at ElsUrcwick last ntghl, and sustained a frctur(d arm. Bho reeolved ircalment at tho Alfred Hospital. A robbery of rather a barofaoed oharactsr tcok place at Dillon's Hiyal Oak HotoS Swazrton street, on Thursday evening fart, Mi's Dillon, with her little sister, war in at tecd-toM at the bar when a young man tnterrdand a bed lor a glnea o! bcor, and im mediately want out ths baok way, which leads into a right-of-way past Masslna'a print iog fslabUsbmebt into LltUo OoUIn street. Afciut an hoar alter wards be returned acd Bkd for auofher glare of alf, and M'bs Dillon's enipiolons bring \ronsed she told her youcger slstor to watch him, when he evidently notloed bo wai bolog ohs;rvod, and cleared avay. 0 a Mn Dillon's return homo a eeasoh was mndo, and It was disooverad that a case of brardy and ono of olaretbad bosn re moved from a pile A watch was kept, and tbo samo young fellow was-obiorved to onter tbo right-of-way three or font different times, and ho was ultimately enUeed into tho bar by eomo of Mrs Dillon' frlmdo. Tho polfao wato at once se&t; for, bni aa usual when rt quired one could not b) found fit abrnt two haurr. Tue dricp'iy?? w?i2 S!?o >93 "' Jror5 t|»9 C? scrlptien ftlvon ol Ibe mso, they bslleve he is a rccectfy (iitoha'Rrd prisoner from rentridgo, Tbo felhw was followed by ayonog man who trACtd bim to Bouverlo street At aboct twenty minutes past eleven o'clook lait n'gbt, a Miss Nitlugale, who was a pas terg r io a Oliltcu Hill 'oar, mined her parse end aonry, and huvlne rooson to luspoot a. fellow paisoxgtr, a man ol about thirty-two jcurs ot sge, sbs iteppsd the 'hav, oallod a O.nilable and gave the man in cb.vgo Tho prisoner was conveyed ti tbo Fitzcov watohhonap,whtn he gavoble namo no Goorgo Briand. This morning bo was idenlifiid by a Mits Djnr, who roeldos in North Filztoy, aa tho man who eiolo hoi pnxae white she w»« tidicg iu a North FUttoy 'bus od tlo 5th it slant. The aoomod wse bronght Vefo:o tho Mayor, aud romandad to the Fitzrjy Ooatt. The trustees ol the Melbourno I'abHo Libiaxy are abmt to oonslder tho propriety ol asking the Government to placo a sufficient sum ol money on tho eatimatoi lor next year to mako hucb additions to the institution as will enable Ihera to display the valuable ootieetion of which they are poaresiod for tho bouofit ot the public. Tho uew sjuth wing, wlrioh is now uEAily oompletod, will ouly give extra accommodation to tho library portion of the institution as tha lower ihor will be rrqtrirad lor the cxbibitiou cf tbo cthmlogioal coltiotlou wbioh bad to bo slorcd away when the new building was corura<nocd. The Art Gallery is so complolelj orowded that tbcro is no rosm tor tho display ol a number ol valuablo nloturop, whloh tho truiteoi would bi gl.v1 to exhibit andeolaraBrcgaids tho Tiehnologicil Muoenoi la concerned tho exhibits arooi otowdtd that they may ba arid to bo iaaoameiblo to the publlo. Nearly throe yoars tgo the SaporiotoudoDt of tho mnsoum wrote the followlug momorandum relative to tho additional rpa:o rcquirod (or the museum :— ''Tha floor epiao now ojonplod li/ tho mnaeum collections, is IS, 3 1 i (sot, Thli is ho filled, that iapvtts it is littlo bolter than n itorc-rpom. An addirioual -1000 feet ii roqnired to Irirly iho v tho collections now in tho build- irg, Thero are at prison! n > rooms sot apart lor pv-jparivk vtiu ujikuu.'ui iiuu k'ikj'ji itoroom work, The :o are urgently rcquirod, ut prra'iit alt work on tho oolleetion csrtoi whsntbe public aro uumuiod.1' Tho attendants at tho Toohcologlcnl Museum in connection wilh tbo Mribonrno lb l:o I ibraiy have bicn provided by the Trosleoj with a uuifrrm so that th?y trny be dirtia- pairhod by tho public visiting tho institution, This ikrtrcduoiho has already proved ol great couvnboco to thft visitor?, who now know at n glaneo (o whom ctquiri-.a may bo made. Doarie, ot Tab?ruaclc lamp, until rcoontly bae been a strong supporter ol tho Srivthn Army, br.t on Sut d >y night ho anuounocd that ko wool J cot oontinne to he such, In cons-:- qnenos ol tto Aruiy "gcicg br.t in Imod to a frilen trftu, who liven with a ftri!co wemat. to ask lor mrnoy t) orcot a bono (or (alien werncr," Amongst romo other nsloanding statcmccls, tho Rev, John srid that ho hadu't much Iorg?r to live, osd when ho went to lit nveo bo would hav t? hav bis old elothcp, tho old TuberoAcle, and old Ooliiugwond Fiat bol i&d; him. The lollowicg csa the readings by Qannl'i Instruments :— Barometer, 30.2G0, etatbnATy, Heat in sua io-day, 113, Tho' highest rending of Gaaul's thermcrnofor in the ebnda, Bonrke Blrtet, ycicrdny, was St, and the lowest, from 9 a.tu, yist sdny to 9 n.m, to-day, 58, Tho highr.it reacting in the sou ycatarday was 115. Tc-doy W83 a holiday at the St Kilda Police office, but Mr G Shaw, J.P,, attended ut tho station-homo and remanded till Friday two prisoners who wore in custody, Thomas M'Gratb was charged with having on the 29, h nil, Menolted his wifo, Jojtphiuo M'Grath acd Jamcj Coult:r was sceua-d ol having on (ho 2tlb alt. :t ten a enddle, v.riuo T3, tho propirty c! Allied Kirkpalrick, At tho WiUiamstown 1'jlico Oeurt thii ir.o;cirg the sc?man Mrk M»:n wa3 formally cberged at tho heal hok-up with shorting with !Lt«;.ttokill lha oliri ofiior ol tho Amooricsn ship Ab:cr Obura. Prisoner Bhowo.1 iniks that bo bad b:cn severely woundod, as his ho,vl was a ccmpkto mass ot phster and btudagee At the renneet cf Ibo polio ha wao further retcar.dfd till ibis »!ny week, Two youogman named Watioi Ilackctt aud Alexander Fcrcrtrr wire .each fined ton shillings for iuGQltirgbihftvior Id iho - public streets last evc&fng.; Fiva druuknrda Cpmplotfd tbo llat presented fceforo tha presiding At the Crilirgwood Gurton tbfl-lthrforfinl- ; bar test, Ellen Goodall, aged thirty years, ! wai coaviolod for makicg nae ol obJcano lADguogo withintho hearicg ol tbo publlo, and was fiucd £10 with tho alteraativo ol threa mcntbs imprisonment Sbs wtnt to priicn, and this forenoon at tbo asms cour», sho was brought up for a elmilir offenos, and was rya'n tonvioled, bnt in coisidiratioa of thr. hri d >y, as the ohsirmsn exproissd it, sbn fa: left off with a fino ol £5, oi In driault six wtcVa io gfiol, "Yonr WoisMpp, tho prisoner 1 my hrs- bnnd. He U subj -ot to osue, and when tfco fit come on bo has to tako a drop ct boer. It ii (he tnlf remedy, lbs only care." Saoh was th plcatdvAUCod at tka Crilingwood Comt to day by a Mra Gib on, whose hutb »nd, Alfred Gib«or, WBsprssntcd lot hablUul drunkon- ncca. During ths last four months Alfred, who in u.rid to be a member of the Sdvrtlon Army, wau ecnvicLd x,l brieg "diuk aud dteorderiy" ou uo lefs tbr.n five orusloar, Te-flny tha plea ol n " drip ol biet" to oaro tha oguo hai duowtight with their Woxehips, whoordorcd tho Rcoutod ti ba discharged, From lime to timo wa havo notlcod tho rioriient work which is being aoocmptiebRd by tbo Try Exotlaioi C'aisos in tho various eubmbs, as well as in tha city. Whn wo first notioad tha acvement it was oopfiood to an obsenro and limitod olasi io North Fitzcoy, Now there aro cLrsea in many inhnrbi, and they aro not only v.ry beneficial to, but are extremely popular among the young pooplo. Thoce who have not had an opportunity of jedgisg what is being done by thoio olaisea will havo a ohauco of doiog to on Thorsday evening, lor on that night thero will be a dcmocitratioo at tho Melbourno To wo Hall. Tho ODtsrtaimntnt will oonsiit of rongi and recitation?, athlctio exoroises and ttep-dsnolDg by msmbirs ol tho claiser, and aluo eoveral original ctosys by tho boys, and the secretary's report giving particulars of tha movement, This Is what a Louden pap'r says about tha dicquulidcaticn t f the g&ts-monoy; erioketors:— "That Australia may suffer in the cricket Gold (or a short timo from tbo Ices ol io many gocd player is more than probable, but thoro oan bo no doubt that the can o ot orioket will vory oonsldorably gain by tbo firmnr»s and justioo that baa boon shown by tbo Viotorian Afocoiation." Koro Is what "Truth" says ot ths Russian policy in Central Asia "It ii b? no means i nrprisleg that tho Rassiaue are taking advan tage ol our African folly to atosl a march on aa in Csutral Asia. Tho Russian cffiiers in oorn- mond thero aro left t ) do mneh at thoy like ; iadeed, it is vory donbtfal whether the Bt. Fotetsbarg Government ooold ooLtrol thorn, even II this wers desirod. Tco moio tbsy ad- vbdoo tho Rasiian frontier, the more thoy ara hooored by ftbeii conntrymen. If their annexa tions are too ka ofao1. d, and il tho moment does tot roem opportaco to retain them, then alono aro they dlflxvowcd," ZZZ While Gordon wai in oemmaudo! the fort otGravesend, writes a aorrospondjnt, provioai to hii roprosentiDg Rrguna at tne uonierenos h»ld at OoBBlautiaoplo in 1871, ho had oaoasion to read np his Fronoh with a prolossor named M. Ryder, who rel.t?b tho following luoldeut cf wbioh konaau wltneia Towards thaead of 1871 an ox-alfios ot tbo Ohioeso Liglon proienttd himsell at the Fort House, Graves- rod, and asked to see tha Gsuaral On bis oard briog glvon to Gordon, bo threw It from him with dirguat, and his an gar was so grsat that for a Lw second bo was spefiohlesf, Whenbe was lomowh&t; oolmor, ho expreassd bis feel- logs io tho lollowiug words: "Tell that man to ester i! he wishes me to blow ont his broics." This would eeom violent, but when it U known that tho officer in question had do sfirted his oolois land joined tho robots against whom Gordon was fighting In Ohtna tho tlghleono Indignation of the General oan bo nndirstcod. Too loxvant.who know hie matter, ropeated tho message word foi word, and Mr B. (tbo rffioer in qa6stioe)\took hie leave as qul8kly 65 potelb'Oi Ouoo moro tho French fl'g flials over the spires ol Siraibnrg, Snoh ia tho aanonnoe- mint proudly propsgatrd by tho wholo Frjooh press. This fact docs not, however, moan that Iho lost provinces bavo been restored t< Iho French people ; it Is a(n:ply emblematic ot a childish aud thoatrioal pbasi in the Froneh obaraoter. It wculd appear that a djor ot Strasbnrg aucocedod in oapluring some of tho storks which it is well known, aro tho pridi of tho town, He forthwith dyed tbo undor put of tho wIcrs of the birds— the ouo wing rod, Iho olhor blap, loaviog the body to form the whiti or oontral portion of the French trl-oolor flsg, This done, tho birds waro at onoo restored to freodom, and a« they spread cat their wings to regain their roosts they displayed to all the eolors of France, The fnry of Iko Gorman anlharltin was so great that at first thry proposed to shoot thotoinnoocnt standsxd-binrsrr; but ultimately wiser counsels prsvallod, Fsiricg still luither (o alienats the sympathies ol tho 9traeb:rg population, the authorities dolermiuod to trait to timo and weather (or tho obliteration of this token ol tho Fxecoh proforonossoi tho annexed province. Tho theory that til health wilt always oxouio an artiste from fulfilling an cngsgoment to sing oraot rocolvos a certain blow from tho result ot tho two oases h'.n-d reooutly in tho Krglish superior courts. Mr Sims Rsovns has at last boon Judicially punished In damages fov tho wo&kness; ot his thrust, whieh, aa he cxplniucd to tbo epecliri Jury in tho (J loot' Bench, is vory susooptiblo ti ohaugoi in ths tomporaturr, nud whiah has alroidy eompolloi hlui in innumorable instances to dnddotly iteprivs audlonco3 of the plonrnro ol hearing him, Hitherto tho disappointments so occiriouod biv re sulted only in a loss to tho auditors And to tha persons by whom tbo singer had boon engaged baton Monday tbo distlnguishod tooor wai himself subjected to tho inoonvoniouoo of pay- icg LOandtbo coots ol an aatiou for I.Vling to nppeer At a oonc'tt which ou tbo day prsco- dirg its lutmdtd dat3 ho had deolarad that ho wcnld ccrtsioly attend. The moral rjoius to bi that slcgars whopc thrcaU aro to extrcmriy m\t In nlnv thum fulift thiin!i) rot, nn advium. aion ijoiitivply tHJronDybadw tljoy wU, siPg hnywhcroAt luy lime. A carious Iadiau Tiohboruo trial, in wbioh, 'iowovut, the ttai nant wni abottod b/ tho real Sir widow, has Jart biou dooidod at Ahrncdabsd, After no tes.i than four years' lit!- gntlon A yeuug Brahmin and his wifo wont ou a pilgrimage, tluri?g wbioh ha tota'ly dis appeared, acd has not boon hoard of siua?. Soon alter tho widow axddssly affsated to re- cof.uiso hor loot husband in n dovotoo who lived cn tho backs of tbo Norbadd. Tno rdiglous man owned to tho rote iinprnohment, ect up bouse with tbo lady, and proo?odad to make frcourool h;r property. Tbo j alcna rtlatives, howavo.% doubted bis identify, aud brought tho q uoe Urn intoooml, Ojo o! tho most oonalurivo pioccB ol evidocco sgAinst tbo impostor, as in tho oasa ol his British rival'a naoomplish- mcutp, was that he hnd eomphtoly forgotten to speAk or nudaratind Eiglleb, io wbioh tho Brahmin bad patscd a ororilUb'.o examioation. Too trial illortratfR thv tomptations whioh the Indian oustom forbiddiog widows to marry again may posiete. 01 Mr Glndttout, Mr Labouoheio, M l1, ntitos to his paper, " Truth," as follows: -"No cno ba<! a higher or moro sinoiro admiration for Mr Glarittouo than I havo. I professed it uheu tbo liolsptitlos, who aro now curryiog te him, reviled bim, nnd I proltss it now. Bit, arias populi, II Is neooiaary to spoak out. Mr Giadfttoflfl in not what ho wa», Ago islellirg on the veteran, Ho wiahoa strongly but wills feebly, otul ho rrilcws himself to drift hero and tb?ro at the moiC7 of circumstance, His Egyptian otri Smdaucsopolioy bin always been to tidoovorriilucuUtes by aoino temporary expedient, inst-.ni of inortiugthem boldly, a il ho mistakes a Fariiam:ntar7 victory fcr S:&lceman;&hip;, A writer in "Truth" obsorvos " Mr GUdttou?, I suppose, could uot well nvsid foil jwiag tbo load ol tho newspapers, rvid bs- landicg tho Now South Weluh lor thoir en;or- ncea to htlp in tho alnughtcr ot 41 tho pecplca btrrggllog to bo frco" in tho Soudftu, But, (or my port, I thluk that ths New Sauth Wolsh and tho other colouiuts who havo followed their orampld wculd havo dono bettor to koip out ol tbia mioerablo businoie, EngUod has blnr.dcrod into this butobery, under bad guidance, bin scarcely knows how ; but tho oolorists woro not in volved ia if, and w.UGuot iu nuy way— aulii 907 choio to mako thomselvea rs-' rponaiblo lor U, Yith thoir eyoi opon thoy haro ckoton to bs pilrtUcpi criminie, I must say I doo t think it is noblo ot these New South Wol h. 13uf, ou tho other band, how very natural it is, how tbo"<iUKhly confirmatory ot tho Darwinian prinoip.1-? J Hero arc thoso peooifol dwollero by tho shores ol Bolauy Biy, 'spotloisas Evo yot nubo- gnilod,' olothed for pretty coiriy two wholo genoratloQs fa the parart aud most priraitlva inoocenoe, All at occo the old prodatory inetinots wako np in thoir breast. Taey hoar that thero is a 4 orib to bo o-noked,' nnd tboy fiio all bacg to bavo a baud in its oraoklog." Tho S. Ivition Army bavo lirid a "ooauoll of war " at Mftnohf stor, aud bavo been ooou- pled in disousriug tbo reportod cures ofleoted by "Msjor" Fearroa at Haulsy, "Gonerri" Booti), who took, part iu tbo prooaedtegf, naively remarked that "the idea o! th: miriolee w,:a abiurd, bnt tho ovldeuoa iu its favor w>s too etrcng to bo Pithbtood," On Monday ovening a "faitb-hoaliag" mooting was bill in connootion with tho conucll ot war, "Major" l\ftB3p, as usuol, was tho operator; hat on this ocearion ho ws asrittod by a Llverpoollady. Tho "MAjov"bavingannoancod that tbo mirastes about to bo porformod wero duo to tbo 4<Uo)y Ghoet Spirltn»lism," and tho Liverpool lady having informed the audience that "tho Holy Ghost bad entered the room," tbs proosediugs oimmoneed Wo aro invited to beliovo that a girl who bad bson deal the greater part of her lifo was made to hear distinctly ; that a lame boy was made to walk without crotches; and that a girl was cured of four yoare' lameness. With regard to this last ease, we are told that ' Gonoral" Booth "oonsfisoatod" tho girl's orntohor, whloh, bo said "should bo placed In a mnsram," And in a museum, as a iati»factory monument ot the onllgbteord soeptioiim of tho educated rationalistic nlmttenth century, thoy oortainly ought to bo. 