THE GONTRiSUTOB. I NOTES NOW AND THEN. I Bv J. M I MR. STRONG AT THE TEMPERANCE As one who is by temperament and choice a conservative, I am, like Cato of old, a laudator temporis acti, and I like to stand by the old ways and rail at the present One of the notes of the new order of things which saddens me most is the dying out of the belief in the miraculous. There is nothing I admire about tough old Samuel Johnson more than his belief in ghosts, even though they appeared in such a prosaic place as Cock-lane" Lecky tells us that witchcraft has been laughed out of court without being called on for defence. Nor, I think witch craft ought to have been duly cited, and I hope yet to see a champion arise to demand that her case be reopened. As a conse- quence of the lamentable decay of the super natural as an influence on man's life and conduct, there is to be noticed aIso a ten dency to mitigate the rigours of religious persecution. Religious persecution ceased, not because men are more humane, but because they are less earnest When you touch a man in what he holds dear he is I as hard and as cruel as of old. JaJ>I you may be boycotted for erictiBff»w rascal who refuses to pay his reB*irt yon may unmolested hold any or no? L regarding Pope or priest or any othereaDj®* Land League. ^ /but it is for being religions. I humane man I have a sentimental repT. I religious persecution as a relic otw jr. | and nothing has cheered me of late®®* wj, , | the faint' flickers of its dying fires fflJ® * bourne Presbytery. I am no I therefore am not qualified to j a dpe bet, I ftudits victim-v.. v .WW The charges against the «...-« m so far aa I can understand them. are ^ (old doctrinal charges which uae?J°4Xrj is fires at SmitMeld, and enpply hi®. ^ jj. the auLos-da-fiol Torquemad*. ."' neficeof allowed to be blameless, iffli"al iif' Uboara among the poor and the cr ^ not gainsayed! but he w and deadly taint of "doctrinal unsoundness ) he is cast out as a brand ready »«_ 6(,0!pjnJ' ing. This is cheenng w tlie [that amid theJukewarznn^w "1^, age there are a ^S^&re; stiSjiB the faithless found whoa earnest Byron said- "These two hated with a hate Found only on the stage." J^[0 -S--'.i 1I»a Inner AtlOQ^Q Ices \- » I do not know )&Se;&&r.; J® forbidden n%,f hjm in the wilder % £2 '>r i.taSh»®1 f^A'confiregat'on^ stin.^ a«»ed' Sato synjtbise wit. ' the _fl BUPposed :Z'Temperance - nan, RSffv! ffarle'6TUg P^hes Pindar ffl0f"ing,friend I formed one Bfn cofflPany a week or two ago, and I1?. oToDCrepflt'on a wetiv ^ ^ bitteJ. tigh. the drencab'^8t churchgoin,-a8 mth wind i|,pSe degenerate days 1 sorts and c°n J^' gquatters, merchants, i the ground u°0' ?, u:net Minister, a oSsional men. ^ Cab^ the western jicc jnoffistrate . reaentatives ot the llerr a few Pen "0 ,!f them clenn, but R«»w; Uaries/ and t eiess gun,eycd the scene Dies from the keen, intelligent saw around to the middle *6 of me.^,p classes. Women were i lower middle c ^ predominated, the audiewce, b nyof those pre j friend te!la me the Scots Church, it have migrated trom i jce that there ? more uiistiean h before 8erVice, Kind in an Ei R . jn friendiy under E that the pe? p - . I a jitter pe9 withoutjf"g' SIT wrong, but I ft. ",1 " tbe ?arch of England. IV service apart from the eermon, differs S from that of ordinary churches, and £sSprayers, Bible lessons, and hymns ns by the choir and congregation, and led a little cabinet organ of quite insufficient wer for such a large gathering. Perhaps, » strangest portion of it was the last U,Twbich I quote the erst and con iding verses: Do'not cronch to-day, and worship The old Past whose life is fled ; Hush j'our voice to tender revcrenre, Crowned lie lies but co'd °nd dead. For the Present rei?ns our Monarch, With an added weight of hours; Honour her, for she is rnishty ! Honour her, for she is oursI " Coward! can S'ic roijn and conquer I If we thus her plorv dim 1 Let us fiitht for her as nobly Asour fathers fouzbt for Him! God, who crowns the dying ajjes, Bids her rule, and us obey; Bids us cast our lives before her; Bids us serve the great To-day." Amen. 'he sermon was preached from Matthew L4 "A wicked and adulterous generation e£tUi after a sign; and there shall no sign [given unto it but the -ign of the prophet nasand the subject was t'< e religion of pa, and the religion of Christ In the le, thoughtful lace, and tall spare figure of tweaker, I recognised none of the marks "TbeBeast"or of " Anti-cbrist," which, a staunch believer in orthodoxy, I >s prepared to di6cover. I find that am listening to a great preacher, whose itter is pregnant witi meaning, whose inner is charming in its mingled mildness d dignity, and to whose words a musical ice of considerable power and range lends wonted significance and influence. I take pious notes, but as the space allotted to pin these articles is limited I can only Jwgive the skeleton, or bare thought, of ?6 sermon, and leave the reader to imagine ?clothed with a fair vesture of well-chosen ?ttdsand telling illustrations. The central a was the antagonism between the religion Christ and the religion of signs. At the 'e °[ Christ's advent- the Jewish nation was llT8 ^nd longing for a Messiah, who otild be a great priuce and mighty oqueror. Tbe Pharisees accordingly pected some sign from the Christ that he « verily the annotated prince come to I" ri.e n?tlon from its bondage. Christ, the other hand, rebukes this craving after Bip as proceeding from " a wicked and ailerons generation," and lays stress not ?frof « \ I1 on the Practice of such raes as chanty, purity, meekness, holi ^nitr n°f8.lf?n *?n!d have established the rinitv nr u-f V"-i810n.in his eense of its "Ispni,c ai? ? be Son of God in mil of tlla,t relation, or his title to be Jseof S'??e Kin£Sdom of (Sod in his Ins minht i .o{ God- Miracles or arrf n i ^rove to be a powerful son of IJrestidipitateur' but not JSonIdheJ1*h?t At the ver>' mo8t tal of Riiri? jave made the JoshL or ri:?n| rnV!,0rIl'er8 as Moses. enSv 0 K ^a-hl ,To Christ God was "ion betweenP1thnt n^einfr' Jand the s a BDiHtn»i e'Se and bimself p Lord was unrm"!v The 8pirit of fnoiuted to nreioli w/i^im!j^ecftuse he was be the mpsLn^J K? tidings to the poor, us a child tA \ °v,u ^ at once look M abroad unnn tiHS . l}t'ler ,in beaven pund hiva with ?l,n 'f Btc!tr and suf^ering Id my I-Vk ' ' 7, Ife could say, " I J? ^th seen the FatZrhG Ahat hath seen free to whom t ^er' , ut,^e was not the flhen for Bn inheritln , R,iven the R8t parts of the e»i?h f ' a the "tter Rn»t been annointeV?n I He Pharod of iron ^^k his enemies W a potter's vea'^r Th thfm Pieces [een the Jewish pnnL, , he antagonism be h°n and its realisnff °n T e Messianic in the dm-lWn m 9hnst was per P'.c'1 Jesug preachpH pCe °^, l'le kingdom ^ .^Pected. T|,e ? that w.hich the Hwratiot! of thf> l-irT i Jow awaited the ^e^osCdmld0Tm of Dav*d under a _fne whole earth. TIip ?rusaJem the centre EajP'ritual one, ioth°edam of Christ E ^ "Morals, a so°rit tf Upon a reforTa K.?-Sonstip with in w ^?mm«nion with K n8 view8 as tn v, - o Such being Ks lln' and the sfn8h'p. bis K rtil1? toeasencer it 1 . of wbich he Tt ^IK'ous world nf f- lnpvitiible that |to ^?nder8to"d him18 nSy co«ld not Pracw A011 todeal witl?"»l preacher tta v, ?Vldences ot rir ? n«estion. of iracleo % «'«s not ®UtnnianBed ore thi^ ® lmPossiblp f« tH. 10 8a>' that h^S nnd ^^e and 'a^^Pbilosoft^ were Did bp "8 Jet unexnlnino^ . ,a wonder "»®ImZat stoop low as a servant, and live the life of faith in God. Having shown in the above portion of his sermon the radical difference between the religion of Christ and that of the Jewish world around him, die preacher proceeded to show the affinity between the views of the Pharisees and ranch of the so-called Chris tianity of the present day. Now, there was demanded, if not a Jewish national, an ecclesiastical son of God. Now, just as then, the Messiah was expected to prove his authority by signs wrought Ion? ngo, and to be wrought to the end of time. Such a religion strives to establish the kingdom of God now, in an age of science, and progress, and criticism, by defence, too often lame enough, of cer tain miraculous occurrences - as if the faith in Jesus necessarily stood or fell with one's faith in these. Perhaps one good which would result from the shaking of men's be lief in the miraculous would be to let people get a higher and more spiritual faith in God, in Jesus the Son of God, and in the kingdom of heaven. Just as of old the Pharisees paralysed free inquiry and private judgment by their slavish deference to the authority of works spoken long before and under dif ferent circumstances, so now the authority of a book, or of a church, was exalted to 6tifle honest inquiry. First the new truth was crucified, and then the old was con temptuously ca«t aside-first an age of priest craft and then the French Commune. The Bermon concluded with a contrast be tween the higher and lower types of Chris tianity to be seen in the present day. There was a desire for heaven which might be just as low as the desire for wealth, which ate out the conscience just as effectively as the longing for filthy lucre. People might be met who, in striving to save their souis lost them-that is, lost manhood, generosity, spiritual ideas. The religion of such was just as unspiritual, as worldly, as hide bound by tradition and authority as was that of the Pharisees who demanded a sign. But there was also a religion which roots itself in God the Father, in mercy, love, and truth, in the Spirit of Jesus, and in the faith of Jesus; and there were Christians who, though many miracles might cease to be miracles any more in the light of advancing knowledge, could still trust on and labour on in love. Blessed were they who had not yet seen and yet had believed. Columbus amid his mutinous crew, holding on steadily forward to the shores of that America which was still below the horizon, was nobler than the thousands who have Bince flocked to it in search of homes. And surely he is the nobler Christian who, amid the difficulties which surround tve ancient beliefs of to-day, could yet calmly look into the fnfure with the faith in God which sees not indeed, but yet believes. As illustrations are better than arguments, per haps the following extracts from the utter ances of two other representative preachers may indicate better than any words of mine Mr. Strone's relation to the orthodox teach ing repardimr the Divinity of Christ and the Miraculous Element in Christianity. In a sermon preached in the Collins-street Independent Church by the llev. D. Jones Hamer on the evening of the same Sabbath da/t that gentleman concludes with the fol lowing passage :-" But my main concern to-night has been to show you how futile is the endeavour to accept the moral teachings of the New Testament, and to cast aside as mere casual accompaniments, unwelcome and superfluous, the supernatural facts, which are not only part of the record, but its essence of good, the secret of its power, tbo precious ness of the revelation of God in Christ Jesus." In the last of TKshop Moovhouse's lectures on " The Distinctive Principles of Christ)s Teaching " this passage is found :-" ' It is the Incarnate God,' says Mill, more than the God of the Jews, or of Nature, who, being idealised, has taken so great and salutary a hold of the modern mind.' He, indeed, who sees Jesus as he is, cannot choose but worship him, and the only way of rescuing us from idolatory. is to tell us, as the gospels do. that Jesus is God." In the third of his lectures on "The Galatian Lapse," Bishop Moorhouse says in his eloquent concluding remarkB, "We need Christ as a present power, as a continuously indwelling and quickening presence. The memory and die words of the divine Teacher of Galilee are not enough for us. We need a living Christ, a present Christ, nn Almighty Chri9t, to reinforce our will, and raise us day by day from the death of sin to the life of righteousness." Compared with such iervid assertions of the miraculous elements of Christianity and the divinity of Christ, Mr. Strong's utter ances appear pale and colourless. Perhaps be has beeg, consciously or unconsciously, in fluenced by the Tiibingen school, winch sought to rationalise-the mystical and mira culous in Christianity in st&son; jjpd out of season. I think he occupies a position some what analogous to that of Dr. Ellery Chan ning, who, though called a Unitarian, reverenced in Christ a hizher nature than that ot man, who believed in his pre-exietence in heaven, and was of opinion that he came down to earth for man's salvation. Doubtless, as an honest man, and a fear less Bearcher after truth, Mr. Strong breathes more freely since he has left the Presbvterian Church. Let him and each of us follow fearlessly the light that is given us, and we may then, whatever priest or presbyter may thunder against us, await with calmness the dreadful day when " The cuititn of tho universe Is rent and shattered, The splondour-vrinvred worlds disperse Like wild doves scattered." 