WYLLARD'S WEIRD. A NOVEL. Br M. E. BRADDON, Authoress of "Lady Audley's Secret,' "Phantom Fortune," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with theauthoress. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXII.—Wedding Garments. Hilda's presence at I'enmorval was full of comfort and solace for Dora Wyllard. She had known Hilda all her life, had seen her grow from childhood to womanhood, had loved her with a sisterly love, trusting her as she trusted no one else. Hilda had been only a child at the time of Dora's engagement to Edward Heathcote, yet, even at eleven years of age, Hilda's tender heart had been full of sympathy for her brother when that engagement was broken off, and when Dora become the wife of another man. She had been angry, with vehement, childish anger. That Dora should like any man better than him who, in the fond eyes of the younger sister, seemed the prince and pattern of fine gentlemen! That l)ora could, like Hamlet's widow, turn from Hyperion to a Satyr ! ... Hilda at eleven was precocious in her know ledge of books, and very self opinionated m her judgment of people. She told her brother she 'would never speak to Dora again, that she would inn a mile to avoid even seeing her; and then, a few months after Dora's marriage, finding that her brother had forgiven that great wrong with all his heart, Hilda melted one day suddenly at meeting Mrs. _ Wyllard on the moor, and fell into her old friend's arms. _ " 1 have tried to hate you for being so wicked to my brother," she sobbed, as Dora bent over lier and kissed her. " Your brother forgave me a year ago, Hilda," said Dora. " Why should you be less generous than he ?" "Because I love him better than he loves himself," cried Hilda, in her vehement way; "because I know his value better than he does. Oh. Dora, how could you like any one else better than Edward ?" : "You must not ask me that, my darling. Those things cannot be explained. Eate willed it so." " And I suppose you are very happy m your grand house?" said Hilda sullenly. " I am very happy with the husband I love, Hilda. The grand house makes no difference. And now we are going to be good friends, aren't we, dear, and we are never going to talk of the past ? How you have grown, Hilda "Out of ail my frocks," answered Hilda, glancing contemptuously at lier ancles. " It is perfectly degrading never to have a frock long enough for one—and never to have one's waist in the right place. The dressmaker says I have no waist yet. Dressmakers are so insulting to girls of my age.' I think I shall positively trample upon my dressmaker when I am grown up, to revenge myself for all I have suffered from the tribe." " My Hilda, what an old-fashioned puss you have grown." . "How can I help being old-fashioned? I never see any young people. Edward never comes to the Spaniards now. You have driven him away." . " Hilda, if we are to be friends "Well, I won't say it again ; but you have, you know. It is awfully dull at home. I suppose I may say that ?" "I hear you have a new governess. I hope you like her ?" "You needn't hope that, for you know girls never do. She is a poor sheep of a thing, and 1 don't suppose I hate her quite so much as some girls hate their governesses. But she is dreadfully dreary. She makes her own gowns, ar.d of an evening her needle goes stitch, stitch, stitch, in time to the ticking of the dock, while I practice my scales. I don't know which 1 hate most, the clock, or the piano, or the needle." " Boor Hilda, you must spend half your time with me in future. I shall call to-morrow and ask your father's permission to have you at Penmorval as often as I like." " He won't refuse if there's any consistency in him," replied Hilda, "for he is always grumbling about the noise I make and about my sliding down the bannisters. How did he go down stairs, I wonder, at my age ? Those broad bannisters at the .Spaniards must have been made for sliding. But fathers are so in consistent," concluded Hilda: "I shouldn't wonder if he wouldn't rather have me and my noise at home than allow me to be happy at Penmorval." " Let us hope that he will be reasonable, <r,id Dora, smiling, " even though he is a father." Mrs. Wyllard called at the Spaniards next day, and was not too graciously received by Mr. Heathcote—Old Squire Heathcote, as he was called in that part of the world. He was a testy invalid, a sufferer from some chronic complaint so obscure in its complications as to seem only an excuse for ill-temper—and he had not forgiven Dora for jilting his son. He softened gradually, however, melted by the sweetness of her manner and by memories of days that were gone, when he had admired her mother, and had been ruthlessly cut out by her father. The eyes that looked at him seemed to be the eyes that he had loved in his youth. " If yon carc to be troubled with the girl I ought to be grateful for any kindness you may showher," said the squire. ".She makes more noise than a regiment, and she is always disobeying her governess, or neglecting her lessons, and then I am called upon to interfere. I wouldn't mind if they would tight it out be tween them and leave me in peace." "You shall be left in peace very often, if you will allow me to have Hilda for my little com panion at Penmorval," said Dora, "And I promise you that her education shall not ba altogether neglected while she is with me." "If vou can teach her manners I shall be eternally your debtor," said the squire. " I would much rather a young woman should know liow to behave herself in society than that she should read Mvschylus or square the Thus it came about that Hilda spent a great deal of lier life at i'enmorval, where the sheep like governess escorted her, or whence she fetched her with unfailing patience, grateful exceedingly when she was rewarded with a cup of tea in Mrs. Wyllard's pretty drawing room, or in the yew-tree arbor. And thus in the seven happy years of Dora Wyllard's married life—her apprentice ship, as she called it playfully last June, when Ike anniversary of her marriage came round—Hilda had been her chief companion. The girl had grown up at her side as a younger sister, and had been a link between Dora and Edward, albeit these two saw each other but seldom, for Edward's home had been in the neighborhood of Plymouth until within the last two years. . The old squire did not long survive that interview in which he complained of his young daughter's hoyderrisli mariners. _ He did not live to see the hoyden soften into a grace ful, modest girl, reserved and silent among strangers, full of vivacity among those she loved. His elder son succeeded him in the possession of the Spaniards, a bachelor and an enthusiastic sportsman. He was one of those ideal brothers with whom a sister can do just what she likes, and under his regime Hilda learnt to ride to hounds, and contrived to enjoy herself as much as any girl in Corn wall. She mourned him passionately when he was snatched away in the flower of his man hood, victim to a severe cold caught during a fishing tour in Connemara. lid ward's rule was almost as kind, but not quite so easy. He had narrower ideas about the rights of young ladies, especially in rela tion to the hunting field. "When I hunt you can go with me," lie said, "but I will not have you flourishing about the country with no one but a groom to look after you," and this narrower rule de prived Hilda of many a day's sport. Courtenay, the elder brother, had never missed a day with fox-hounds or harriers, and he had allowed his sister the run of his stables and much latitude in all things. While Hilda was growing up under Mrs. Wyllard's wing, while Edward Heathcote changed from bachelor to married man. and then to widower, Botlnvell Grahaure was serving his Queen and his country in the far east. He could just remember havingseen Hilda once as a child. He came back to Cornwall to find her a woman, or a girl on the verge of womanhood, and it was not long before he grew to believe in her as the very perfection of girlhood and womanhood in one—girlhood when she was gay, and in her more serious moots altogether womanly. In these darker days, under that heavy cloud which had fallen upon Dora Wyllard's life, Hilda's presence was an inestimable blessing. Dora was able to put aside the thought of her own great sorrow every now and then, while she entered with all her heart into the life of her young friend—this fresh young life, so full of hope in the future, of earnest purpose and sweet humility. If a lung had stooped from his throne to woo her, Hilda could never have been prouder of her royal lover than she was of Both well. She spoke of him as of one who honored her by his affection, and she seemed full of fearfulness lest she should not be good enough for her hero. It never occurred to her that it was Botlxwell who ought to be thankful, that it was he who had won the prize. There was a sweet self-abnegation in this girlish love which touched Dora deeply, she being all unconscious of her unselfish worship of her husband, her own surrender to the lover who stole her from her betrothed. Hilda was very fearful of intruding her new joys and hopes upon her friend's sorrow. "Iought not to chatter about our prospects, Dora, when you are so weighed down with care," she said apologetically. But Dora insisted upon hearing all about the neu home which was to be made out of the old cottage. She insisted upon discussing the trousseau and the linen closet, glass and china, and even hardware; albeit her own lines had fallen in a mansion where all those things are provided 011 a lavish scale, and left to the care of a housekeeper, to be destroyed and renewed periodically, feu- the benefit of old-established tradesmen. " You never had a linen closet to look after, Dora," said Hilda, pitying her friend. _ " That is the worst of being so rich. There is no in dividuality in your home life. I mean to be a regular Dutch housewife, and to keep count of every tablecloth in my stock. I shall make and mark and mend all the house linen, and I shall be much prouder of my linen closet than of my gowns and bonnets. And the china closet, Dora, ought not that to be lovely ? One can get such delicious glass and china nowa days for so little money. I have looked at the Plymouth china shops, and longed to buy the things before 1 was engaged ; but now I can buy all the fglass and china for our house—I have saved enough money out of my allowance to pay for all we want in that way." "What an independent young person you are, Hilda !" said her friend, laughing at her ; "but you must not spend all your money on cups and saucers " "And teapots!" interjected Hilda, such sweet little chiua teapots. I will have one for every day in the week." " Teapots are all very well, but you will have your trousseau to buy. You must keep 3ome of your money for frocks." I have no end of frocks — more than enough," protested Hilda. "I shall buy just two new gowns—my wedding gown and a tailor gown for riding outside coaches in the honeymoon. Bothwell proposes that we should go round the south coast as far as the Start, and then across country to Hartland and home by Bude. That is to be our honeymoon tour." "Very nice and very inexpensive, dearest. And then you are to come here to live till your new home is ready." "I am afraid we shall be very much m your way ?" ''You will be a comfort to me, Hilda ; both you and Bothwell will be a help and comfort to me." Hilda spent her evenings for the most part in the invalid's room. Her sympathetic nature made it easy for her to adapt herself to the necessities of a sick-room. She could be very quiet, and yet she could be bright and gay; she could be cheerful without being noisy. She sang with exquisite taste, and sang the songs which are delightful to all hearers — song3 that appeal to the heart and soothe the senses. Julian Wyllard was particularly fond of her German ballads—Schubert, Mendelssohn, Jen sen, old Voiks-Lied er ; but once when she began a little French s'ong, "Si tu savais," he stopped her with a painful motion of his dis torted hand. "Not that, Hilda. I detest that song," and for the first time Hilda doubted the excellence of his judgment. " I wonder you dislike it," she began. " Oh, the thing is pretty enough ; but it has been so vulgarised. All the organ3 were grinding it when I lived in Paris." " And those organs disturbed you at your work sometimes, perhaps," said Dora, seated in her accustomed place beside his pillow, ready to adjust his reading- lamp, to give him a new book, or to discuss any passage he showed her. He read immensely in those long hours of enforced captivity, but his reading had been chiefly on one particular line. He was reading the metaphysicians, from Plato and Aristotle to Schopenhauer and Hartmann, trying to find comfort for the anguish of his own individual position in the universal de spondency of the modern school of philosophy. " A man chained to a sick bed ought to be able to console himself with the idea that the great world around him is only an idea of his own brain, and yet even when convinced of the unreality of all things there remains this one central point m the universe, the sense of individual pain. Such a belief might reconcile the suffeier to the idea of suicide, but hardly to the idea of life. Ah, my Dora, if you are only a phantasm, you are the sweetest ghost that ever a man's brain invented to haunt and bless his life." " Don't you think you might read more in teresting books while you are ill, Julian ?" sug gested his wife. "No, dear. These books are best, for they set me thinking upon abstract questions, and hinder me from brooding upon my own misery." What could Dora say to him by way of comfort, knowing too well that this misery of his without hope on earth; knowing that this burden of pain which had fallen to him must be carried to the very end; that day by day, and hour by hour the gradual progress of decay must go on; no pause, no respite, decay so slow as to be almost imperceptible, save on looking back at what had been? "Thank God the brain is untouched,' said Julian Wyllard, when his wife pitied him in his hour of pain. "1 should not have cared to sink into imbecility, to have only a dull, vague sense of my own individuality, like a vegetable in pain. X am very thankful that Spencer assures me the brain is sound, and is likely to outlast this crippled frame." Bothwell rode over 011 Sunday morning as he had threatened, and appeared at the parish church with his cousin and Hilda, much to the astonishment of some of the parishioners wuo had suspected and almost condemned him. They were now veering round, and had begun to inform each other that Mr. Graliame had been a much-wronged man, and that there was evidently a great deal more in the mystery of the strange girl's death than any one in Bodmin had yet been able to fathom. No doubt Mr. Distin, the famous criminal lawyer, knew all about it, and his cross-examination of Bothwell Graliame had been only a blind to throw the press and the public off the right scent. The very fact of his coining all the way from London to attend a Cornish inquest argued an occult knowledge, a shadow behind the throne. Some among Botliwell's late detractors hinted that the business involved a personage of very high rank, and were disposed to transfer their suspicions to a local peer, who was _ not so popular as he might have been, having but recentlyiefused to remit more than one-third of his farmers' rents, or to renew leases at less than lialf the previous rental. And now Bodmin beheld Bothwell Graliame seated 111 the Benmorval pew between his cousin and Hilda Heathcote, and Bodmin opined that his engagement to Miss Heathcote must now be a settled thing, since it was known that he had taken a house at Trevena, and was building and improving there on a large scale. There were some who approved and some who condemned; some who won dered that Squire Heathcote could allow his only sister to marry such a reprobate, others who declared that Bothwell was a high-spirited fellow, who had been a fine soldier, and would make a capital anny-coach; but these dit feiences of opinion helped to sustain conversa tion, which sometimes sank to a very low ebb in Bodmin for lack of matter. It was a lovely autumn day, and Bothwell had strolled in the rose garden with his sweet heart, between luncheon and five o'clock tea, talking over their house and then- future. "And now, dearest, there is only one point to settle," said Bothwell, when they had dis cussed furniture and china and glass to their heart's content, and when Bothwell had given a graphic description of sundry Chippendale chairs and early English bureaux which he had discovered and bargained for in cottages and farmhouses within twenty-five miles of Trevena. "Iliad a little talk with Wyllard before luncheon. He is most cordially disposed towards us, and he wants to hurry on our marriage in order that he may be present at the ceremony. He feels just able to go down to the church in a Bath chair. His chair could be wheeled up the aisle, and placed within sight and sound of the altar, without being in anybody's way. He says if we delay our marriage he may no longer have the power to do even this much, and for this reason he is urgent that we should man y almost immediately. What do you say, dearest? Will you take up your burden as a poor man's wife? Will you be mine soon ; at once almost ? The week after next, for instance?" ■'Oli, Bothwell !" " Think, dear love, there is nothing to delay our maviiage except want of faith in each other, or in ourselves. If you have any doubt of me, Hilda, or any doubt as to your own love for mt " " 1 have none, Bothwell—not a shadow of doubt." . "Then let us be married on Tuesday week. That is the day Dora suggested. She tells me that you are the most sensible girl she ever met with, and that you are not going to buy a waggon-load of clothes in order to overdress your part, in that old, old play called ' Love in a Cottage,' so you see there is nothing to wait for." . " But I must have a wedding-gown, Both well, and a gown for travelling." "Then you have just a week in which to get : them made, dear. Not an hour more." There was some further discussion, but in the end Hilda yielded to her lover's pleading. I It should be any day he lilted—it should j be Tuesday. The two gowns should be ordered : next morning. Edward Heathcote had given I Dora full powers, and he would doubtless ! hurry home at her bidding in time to arrange the terms of Hilda's marriage settlement and to be present at the wedding. ; Bothwell was almost beside himself with gladness for the rest of the day, but good feeling impelled him to restrain his exuber ance, and to be quiet and grave in the presence j of the patient sufferer, whose pale calm face told but little of mental struggle or bodily pain. The evening was spent in Julian ■ WyHard's room. There was a good deal of ' conversation, and Hilda sang some of her j favorite songs, a sacred song of Gounod's, i "There is a green hill far away," which Dura especially loved, and again "Ave Maria," by the same composer. Bothwell sat in a corner by the pretty little cottage piano listening to i the rich, full voice of his beloved, watching her thin white fingers as they strayed over the , keys, ineffably happy. He had no thought of ' evenings in the years that were gone when he i had listened to another singer, and watched other hands, delicate nervous fingers, glitter ing with diamonds. The voice was a thinuer voice—a somewhat reedy soprano—and those tapering fingers had something of a bird's claw in their extreme attenuation; but he had thought the thin voice passing sweet in the days that were gone, and the hand of the syren had seemed to him perfection. ; He left Penmorval soon after daybreak next morning to ride back to Trevena. He was to return on the following Saturday to take up his abode there until the wedding-day, while . Hilda was to return to the Spaniards almost r immediately, to collect her belongings and make herself ready for her new life. All the business of furnishing could be done after the i wedding, in that interval which Mr. and Mrs. . Grahame were to spend at Penmorval. i Hilda was up in time to watch from her bedroom window while her lover rode away in , the misty morning, but she was much too shy to go downstairs to wish him good-bye. She I would have quailed before the awful eye of Stodden, the butler, had she ventured to show ; herself at such an unseemly hour, uti . chaperoned, unsanctioned by the presence of a J matron. So she hid behind her window curtain and watched her true knight's departure, and ! did not even fling him a flower by way of love ■ token. j "When horse and rider were out of sight she : went to her desk and wrote to her brother, j urging him to come back without delay, ex ! plaining and apologising for the early date j named for her wedding—reminding him as to j her marriage settlement that she wished Both ! well to profit as much as possible by her small independence—an altogether womanly letter, brimming over with love for her betrothed. She went home that morning, and she and Eriiulein Meyerstein began immediately to busy themselves with preparations for the wedding. It would naturally be the quietest of weddings, since Mr. Wyllard's condition forbade all festivity. Hilda said she would have the twins for her bridesmaids, and no others. _ They were to be dressed exactly alike, and all in pure white, like biscuit-china figures; they were to have little pompadour frocks and petticoats, and mob caps. There was a tremendous consultation that Monday after noon with the chief dressmaker of Bodmin, a person of high reputation among those steady old-fashioned people who liked to spend their money in their own town, and who were naturally looked down upon by that other sec tion of county society which had all its clothes from London. The dressmaker had made Hilda's frocks ever since she was a baby, and was inclined to be doleful at the idea of this trousseauless entrance into matrimony—but on being put upon her metal she declared that the neat little white satin wedding-gown, and olive cloth trayelling-gown should be perfection after their kind; and then came a lengthy ; discussion about sleeves and velvet waistcoat, i and the all-important question of buttons ! was treated exhaustively. Miss Pittman, the ' dressmaker, had been told of Do re and Red fern, and had lain awake of a night thinking of . their productions; she had been shown dresses 1 from Swan & Edgar; but she believed that for the hang of a skirt or the fit of a sleeve she could hold her own with any house in London, j And then she favored Hilda and the friiulein i with a little lecture upon the righteous and the : unrighteous manner of making and putting in ' a sleeve, which was eminently interesting from , a professional point of view. ! The first three days of that week seemed to • Hilda to pass like a dream. She managed to maintain an outward aspect of supreme calm . ness; but her brain seemed to her in a whirl . all the time. She went in and out of the house, ' and wandered about the gardens without know ing why; she went hither and thither, half her time haidly knowing where she was. She began one thing after another, and never finished any thing. She was always waiting for Bothwell's letters, which came by every post, albeit a third person might have supposed that he would find very little to write about." For Hilda the letters were full of interest, and she made as much haste to answer them as if she and Both well had been heads of parties carry ing on the business of the nation at a crisis. ' She was anxious to receive her brother's answer to her letter, but when it came the reply, . though satisfactory upon some points, was not ' altogether agreeable. Mrs. Wyllard is qiute justified in saying that I left the arrangements of your wedding in her hands," wrote Edward lleathcote. "You could have no kinder friend or wiser counsellor, and to her decision as to the date of your marriage I bow ; but I regret to say that I shall not be present at the ceremony. I have business which still detains me in Paris, and I have other reasons which hinder me being a witness of your wedding. You must not suppose that this decision on my part arises from any unfriendly feeling to Bothwell Grahame. 1 have reconciled myself to this marriage with you, and I shall do my utter most in the future to prove myself his friend as well as yours. He will find that the instruc tions I have sent as to your settlement are framed with a due regard to his interests. "There is one thing, however, in which I desire to alter Mrs. Wyllard's scheme, kind and hospitable as her idea is—namely, with re gard to your residence after your marriage. I cannot allow you to spend the first few months of your married life under Mr. Wyl lard's roof, while your brother's house is more than large enough to hold you and your husband. It is my wish, therefore, that Bothwell should bring you back to the Spaniards after your honeymoon, and that you ar.d he should live there till your new home is ready for you. You will, in all pro bability, be very little troubled with my com pany, as I am likely to remain in Paris for some time to come ; and you and Bothwell can ride my hunters and consider yourselves master and mistress of everything, i must beg that upon this question my wishes may be re garded, and that you will carry out my plan even at the hazard of offending Mrs. Wyllard, whom you know I esteem and respect above all other women. " And now, my dear girl, I have nothing to do but to wish you all the blessings which a good and true-hearted woman deserves when she marries the man of her choice, and to re quest your acceptance of the enclosed cheque for your house and your trousseau. " Your very affectionate brother, " Eimvabd IIeathcote." The cheque was for two hundred and fifty pounds ; but liberal as the gift was it did not reconcile Hilda to the idea of her brother's ab sence on her wedding day. 'It is extremely unkind of him not to come," she said, throwing the letter and en closure into her desk. "And it is not kind of him to alter Dora's plans. I know she looked forward to having us at Penmorval. But I shall go and see her every day, poor darling," This idea cf her brother's absence on her weddingday-that most fateful day ina woman's life—cast a shadow across the sunlight of Hilda's bliss. She could think of nothing else after the receipt of Heathcote's letter, and she was full of wonder as to his reasons for thus absenting himself upon an occasion when duty and good feeling both demanded his presence. What could be his motive ? she asked herself. He was not the kind of man to spare himself the trouble of crossing the Channel, even had it been necessary for him to return to Paris directly after the wedding. He had never spared trouble or shirked a duty. It was clear to her, therefore, that he had some very strong motive for absenting himself from the marriage ceremony. She could only imagine one reason for his conduct. She told herself that her brother, in his heart of hearts, still doubted Bothwell, and still disapproved of her marriage. He had allowed himself to be talked over by Mrs. Wyllard. The influence of that old unfor gotten love had prevailed over his own inclina tion. He had allowed his consent to be wrung from him, and now that it was too late to withdraw that consent he was not the less Bothwell's enemy. He could not bring him self to look on as an approving witness at a marriage which he regretted. He had told his sister that his discoveries in Paris had gone far to convince him of Bothwell's guiltlessness in relation to the French girl's death—but there was still something in the background, some prejudice yet undispelled, some doubt which darkened friendship. It was the Thursday before her wedding day, and her preparations and arrangements had • the most part made. There had been, been for the most part indeed, but little to do, since her return to the Spaniards as a bride would simplify matters, and give her ample tune for packing her be longings—those books and knick-nacks which had beautifiedher own rooms; herjewels, chiefly an inheritance frem her mother; and those few wedding presents which had arrived from the three or four intimate friends who had heard of her engagement. Among them an immense satin-lined workbasket from Friiulein Meyer stein—a basket provided with an orderly ar rangement of tapes, buttons, cottons, and needle?, such as a careful housewife must needs require in the repair of the family linen. The fraulein had made a special journey to Ply mouth in order to purchase ani furnish this treasury of usefulness, and had brought it back in triumph. " I cannot give you beautiful things," said the friiulein apologetically. "You have too valuable j e wels of your own to care for any trinket which I could offer ; but in this basket you will find all things which a good wife needs to pre serve order and neatness in her household goods. There is flourishing thread of every quality to darn your table linen ; there are pearl buttons of every size for your husband's shirts; angolas of every shade for his socks; needles of every number ; bobbins ; scissors of every kind; and lastly, for remembrance of an old friend, there is this little golden thimble, which I hope you will wear every day." And with this little speech the friiulein plumped her basket down in front of Hilda and burst into tears, remembering how she, too, had once been engaged, and how adverse fate had hindered her marriage. "You are a dear, kind soul," 3aid Hilda, kissing her affectionately; "and I am sure you couldn't have given me anything I should have liked better. I shall think of you every day when I use it. There is nothing like a useful gift for recalling an old friend." Dora's present arrived the same day. A George the Second tea service, with two little caddies for black tea and green tea, holding about a quarter of a pound each. Hilda thought her silver teapot the sweetest thing that had ever been made, and she had sat gazing at the service for an hour at a stretch, and thinking how delightful it would be to make tea for Botliwell in the cosy winter dusk, when they two should be settled in their own house above the great Atlantic sea, the curtains drawn across their old-fashioned lattices, the wind raving over the hills, the waves roaring, and they two beside the domestic hearth, wrapped in a blessed calm—two hearts united and at rest. She had been so happy yesterday in the thought of her future, and now to-day her brother's letter seemed to have changed the aspect of things. She was full of a vague disquietude—could not settle to any task, did not even care to take her usual walk across the hills to the manor to enquire about Mr. "VVyllard's health and to spend an hour in confidential talk with Dora. To-day she sent a messenger instead, and sat all day in her own room brooding over Heathcote's letter. She felt unequal to facing the twins or the friiulein, and pleaded a headache as a reason for not going down to luncheon ; and indeed her troubled thoughts about that letter from Paris had given her a very real headache. It was four o'clock in the afternoon when she heard a carriage drive up to the hall door, and thought with horror that she would be summoned to receive callers. Her window commanded only an angle of the porch. She couldf just see a shabby-looking vehicle, which she knew could only be a fly from the station; and her heart began to beat violently as she thought that perhaps after all her brother had changed his mind and had come over to do honor to her wedding. INo ; it was no such pleasant surprise, only a strange lady who asked to see her. She had sent up her card. Lady Valeria Harborough. " The lady will be greatly obliged if you will see her," said the servant. "She has come from Plymouth on purpose to see you." " Of course I will see her," answered Hilda cheerfully. "You have shown her into the drawing-room, I suppose ?" " Yes, ma'am." " Take in tea as soon as you can." Hilda glanced at her glass before she. left the room. Her plain cashmere gown was neat enough, and her hair was tolerably tidy, but her eyes had a heavy look, and. ahe - was very pale. " I'm afraid I don't look a joyful bride, or do Both well credit in any way," she said to herself. She had heard her lover speak once or twice of General Harborough as his kindest and most powerful friend in India. She had heard from Dora of the general's death, and that Bothwell had attended the funeral. And now the felt flattered exceedingly at the idea that the general's widow had taken the trouble to come to see her, no doubt from pure friendli ness for her dead husband's protege—deeming that there was no better compliment she could, pay Mr. Grahame than to assume an interest in his betrothed. She, like Dora, took it for granted that old General Harborough's wife would be an elderly woman, and she went down to the drawing-room expecting to see a stately and portly matrou, gray-haired, bland, perhaps a little patronising in her double rank of earl's daughter and general's widow. She was surprised beyond all measure when a tall and slender figure rose to meet her and she found herself face to face with a young woman whose brilliant eyes and interesting countenance were more striking than absolute beauty. (To he continued.) 