? aa it* j5 i vnS ij HZ 9a Sates alia V In a Flash. [Continued.] ?-??? (Chambers Journal.) \\. 'Is that you, Barbara ? 'Where have you been ?' asked my sister. : Going into her room, I sat down, on the side of the bed and and told her everything in as few words as possible. ' ? She was of a timid and nervous dis position, and my news visibly affectod '.''' her. She sat up in tho bgd tremb ' ling and clinging to my arm. ' Perhaps,' Bhe whispered, ' if we .. lock our bed-room doors and keep very quiet, they will go away without coming near us.' ? ' Why, you goose, it's not us they havo come after, but Mr. Shillito's ninety pounds,' I answered. ' And there's poor mamma's silver tea*servieo down stairs ; I hopo they won't find that,' said Bessio. I hoped so too - but tlioro was no judging Uow much Dethel Ijad oou | ,; /trived to ascertain respecting us and \ our affairs. I went to the corridor .? -window and listened. The noise made by the men was uow plainly distin ''. guisiiable. It seemed as if they were '. . trying to file or cut their way through some obstruction, After listening for a few moments I went back to iny xoom and began almost mechanically ... fo. put on a few articles of clothing, -. : asking myself again and again as I did so . whether it was not possible to do something — though what that some thing' ought to bo I kaevy no more than, the man in the moon. The nearest house was a quarter of a mile away :; and even it I could have stolen put unnoticed by w,ay pf the front door, before 1 could have reached the farm and brought back help the burglars would have effected their pur pose and decamped. Our pecuniary . '. Jne»ns at that time were very strai . ? tened. |?or some time back John had ? ; been paying off some old family debts ; ', and the Joss of .the pinjafcy pounds— which, as a matter of course, be \yould ? . i feel bound to make good — would be a \- '?' great blow to him. If I could only . Lave got at the money, #nd have bidden '\ it whero the burglars wotfld not be '.. likely to find it, I. felb that I should ' have accomplished something. But . tho bag was locked up in John's strong mahogany desk, and was as utterly beyond my reach as if it had Jjgoa in the coffers of tho Bank of Eng ?nn-l iwliilfi vor, if: nnuld hardly havo ',:' ... been placed mere conveniently ready : to the hands ojt the thieves. To them the strong mahogany desk would seem a trifling object indeed. All this time, metaphorically speak ing, I was wringing my hands, know ing full well how precious were the ? , fast-fleeting moments, but oaly feeling ? my helplessness the more, I strovp to discern some loophole .of .es 'cape. Oh, the wretchodnoss of Buch a ? . Seeling! I hope never to experience at again in thp same degree as f. ex . perienced it that njght. ' . The lightning, if nob quite AQ vivid ?- ??'? as;at had been a little while pre-viously, still ?eamejjot ,as frequent flashes, and by its light my sistor and I made a hurried toilet. Our ? house stood a little way back from the highroad, from which it was divided by a tiny low screen of evergreens. Onco or twice in the course of the night one of tho mounted constabulary would ride slowly past as he went his rounds ; but I was without any knowledge as to the particular time when he might be expected, or whether, in fact, the time at which he might be looked for at any specified point did not vary from night to night. Still, there was just a possibility that he might put in an appearance at any momont ; so I stationed Bessie at the window to keep a lookout for him, and be in readiness to raise au alarm the moment she heard the tramp of the horse's hoofs. For once, in a way, the lightning was something to be thankful for ; each flash lighted up the highroad for a considerable distance on both sides of the house. When this was done, it seemed as if everything possible had been done ; and yet it was noxt to nothing. With both hands pressed to my eyes, I stood thinking as I' seemed nevor to have thought beforo. Then it was that — as sudden, swift and startling as one of those flashes momentarily illumining tho outer world — an idea shot through my brain which for an instant or two seemed to causo my heart to stand still. And yet at tho first blush it was an idea that had about it something so preposterous, so ludicrous even, that had the ueerl been at all less imminent, I should have discarded it at once as little better than the inspiration of a mad woman. But, preposterous as the idea might seom, for tho life of mo I could think of no other, and every minute now was invaluable. There was no time for hesitation. I must discard it or adopt it, and that without a moment's delay. '1 will try it, it can but fail,' I said to myself, with an inward groan. On the toilot-table was a jar of white tooth-powder, which had been replenished the previous day. I shook out a quantity of this powder, shut my eyes, and proceeded to rub it thickly over my face, arms and hands. That done, I drew the white coverlet off the bed and draped myself with it loosely from head to foot ; then I unbound my hair, which in those days was ebony black and readied below my waist, and shook it round my face and over my shoulders in ' most ad mired disorder.' I was now ready, for tho role I had made up my mind to enact. Bessie has told me since that she thought I had taken leave of my senses. Just at the moment my toilet was completed, and as I turnod and advanced toward her, another long quivering flash lighted up the room. A low shriek burst involun tarily from my sister's lips, and she shrank away from me as though I was something altogether uncanny. ' O, Barbara, dear, what is the mat ter V sheoried. 'Why do you frighten me so V - ? ' It is not you I want to frighten, but the men down stairs,' I replied. Then, in a few hurried words, I told her my plan. . She would have to dissuade me ; but there was no time to listen. Leav im. l«n.« f-Km.n npn^nliinr. t\\*r f .It n nrifl/Mif ready to raise an alarm in caso the mounted constable should passed on his round, T stole swiftly and noise lessly down the carpeted staircase, and only pauBBd when I reached the corridor below. I could hear a sub dued niutnurof voices, and a moment later 1 was startled by a noise of fall ing glass. The burglars had succcded in effecting an entrance. Tiioy and .1. were separated only by a drawing room door, which, although locked, was .an obstacle that very few minutes would BufHco to overcome. With an indrawing of my breath I sped quickly past the door along the length of the corridor until I reached the opposite end, where there were two more doors, one of them being that of my brother's office, which also was locked, and from the lock .of which 1 now withdrew the key. I have omitted to state that the window of John's office was secured by two stout bars, which was probably one reason why the thieves had chosen to effect an entrance at a point moro rpadily adapted for their purposo. The second door at £ko pud of the corridor shut off a short passage leading to tho kitcheu. The door I succeoded in opening without noise, i had decided jtp take iny'. staud a littlo way on the inner side of it, an,'J $}°r?. £!'wl^t tlie course of events. By this time fcuq men were busily at work forcing the lock of the. drawing-room door, A thread of. light which shone from under showed that although the lightning was still as frequent as before, they dirl nhfc find it sufficient for their pur pos^ ? . ? Scarcely breathing, I waited. I was too excited, too wrought up, the tension of my nerves was too extreme to allow of my personal fear. It was all terribly real, yef \yith a strange, vague sense of unreality underlying it. I felt.. 9S if I should not have been surprised had J. ifoke up and found the wholo affair resolved j£self into a dream, while yet: fully assured in my mind that it was nothing of tho kind. Suddenly tho noise at the door ceased i the lock had been forced. ..The thread ftp light disappeared ; 'for a few moments oil was silence the most pro found. Then a faint -sreaking, which at any other time' would' hayo been, inaudible, told me that the drftwing rooca ydoor was being opened, and that the crucial moment had come. I pressed ono hand' over niy heart, and for a few brief seconila an almost, overpowering longing seized me to got baC11 to niy room at any coBt and lock,: mysplf within.' But it was. top.late ; by this time $1$ men were in the corridor. 1'knew it, although I could not see them. ? ? 'Where's the door we want1!' I heard one whisper to the other. 'On the right — 'the first door we come to.' As they advanced a step, I did the same. . , ??? .? ;'';; ' What noise was that 1'^dsked one of them quickly. 'Don't be 'a fool. There was no nowe.' ' I tell you there was. Where's the glim ?' But the lightning was quicker than the bull's-eye. It came, smiting the darkness and flooding the corridor with the blinding intensity of its glare. Then I saw the men and the mon saw me, but darkness had hidden us'from each other again before they had time to make sure that their eyes had not deceived them. ' '? Ono of them gave a gasp and whis pered to his mate : 'What was that tall white thing at the end of tho pas sage 1 Seemed to mo like a ghost.' i ' Ghost bo dashed I There ain't no such things. Hero's the glim. AVe'll soon see what it is.' As he spoke the light of his bull's-eye lantern was. turned full upon me. I advanced a couple of pacos and the men fell back ni speechless sur prise and terror. I have often tried since to picture to myself tho appear ance I must have presented when seen at such a moment and by that uncer tain light, with my ghastly, death-like face, my dilated eyes, tny black snako? like locks, my tall figure all in whito, and with one extended arm and finger pointed direct at tho mon. I cannot wonder at their fright. At this juuctui'o came another (lash, and a terrible peal of thunder startled the air and slionlc fclin linnsm Ah t.hfi vory instant, impelled thoroto by something within mo that I was powerless to control, I burst into a wild peal of maniacal blood-curdling laughter. One step nearer I advanced; but that was enough. With aloud yell of terror, the mon turned and lied by. tho way they had come. I heard a crash of shattered glass ; and after that I remember nothing more till I came to my senses, to find Bessie sup porting my heard on her lap and press ing her smelling salts to my nose. But John's ninoty pounds were saved, and it is hardly necessary to add that Dethel, the ox-gardener, was never seen in those parts again. 