ffiE 'ROD' ON THE SCEPTICS. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— In bonng for hidden truths we may have to pass through mo3t obstinate strata of scientific prejudice and arrogance, and. hitting on a German rock or 'lumo' of that character, the rod of the borer will at once bend and refuse work. Sc when the enemies of so-called supersti tion sneer at Mr. Reimers because they can't discover 'spirits' in the divining-rod oddities I respond with—' Certainly no * spirits,' but water ;' and that is what you want. Why despise a superstition which provides for wants, heals the sick, and cheers the despairing? Find the man who is cifted witn the ?' satanic-rod,' and discovers springs of whisky pure and strong, and how will the believers multiply and employ the conjuror ! 1 hope Mr. Gerber will be satisfied with the fair explanation of the editor, and, with me, be prepared for many mpre similar misunder standings on the threshold of a new era, for which we have been little prepared, if not spoiled, by school-training, which furnished us with a gross superstition about our boasted five Eenses as sufficient detectives of realities. We don't advance our views on account of our imagined superior wits, but on strength of our experiences which Providence shifted not on us to be scoffed at and rejected. 'To be at the top of the tree' is the cry. If we can't reach the first step of the Heavenly Throne and rejoicing of the high success, the elected clings firmly and carefully to the twig with one hand and with the other fights the stars overhead. In the mad rage for high honours (in the eyes of the multitude) no time is left to notice the little' angels of com fort in the crowd. With a little twig in the hand they spy out 'the gifted' organisms for finding hidden waters, after geolo fists left the ground in despair of finding y scientific calculations. Before men of 'degrees' consent that Shakspeare was right (as the Register thinks he is) in saying 'There are more things,' &c;, a lot of nonsense must be twaddled and printed. 1 am bold enough to improve on Shakspeare, and have it that there are a great many things, &c;, and when we arrive at the age where the proud high priests of science must join the rest of the world in bowing their head before an incomprehensible cause of causes, then they will make good their overbearing attitude of to-day. Forgive my daring touch on Shakspeare (who forgave it on the spot), and murmur in humble sub mission, 'There are some things on this earth our science can grasp. Oh, Lord ! grant us pious perseverance to unveil some mysteries between heaven and earth, and that we rriay be con tent with c faith1 about heaven itself !' I repeat, if the psychological abnormities of some persons cannot satisfy the ghost-hunter of calling 'spirits' from the vasty deep, they draw life and profit stimulating fresh water from the bowels of the earth (to touch on one material benefit of God's untiring natural revelations only) ; and here am I, not for promoting sensational wonder stories, but for the defence of what cannot be disproved as of benefit to mankind. In a recent issue of the Queenslander we have letters which confirm the mysterious connection between dead matter in the hands of 'the gifted' and hidden springs (and minerals) by evidences, equally convinrinjr as those of our brave and scientifically cautious Mr. Gerber. In one instance the young 'watenvitch,'as the finder was called, pointed to a fine spring, 10 feet underground, but several hun dred yards off the farmer's estate. The pig headed owner thought a twenty or more feet boring near my house might hit on the same thing, but after reaching 40 feet without a trace of hope he returned to the marked spot and a splendid result was the reward for a practical turn of suggestions. As the re markable phenomenon is not the mere talk of club swells, but engages the pointed attention of scientific reasoners all over the globe, pern* it me to assure your readers that the overwhelming number of confir matory accounts positively' defeat all attempts of explanations and theories save that of a recognised rapport between the diviner and conceded water. If Mr. Gerber protects himself against the absurd sugges tion of infallibility he most scientifically and rationally alludes to 'limits' or acci dents acknowledged by the highest (and perhaps only by them) authorities in sounding the laws of nature. This is the characteristic and ridiculous feature of our boasting ' sceptics' in opposition to the en thusiastic believers who by many proofs of genuine results arrive at a more or less tem pered conviction and information, whilst the self-confident sceptic feeds on one failure. (| The fate of electricity, galvanism, mes merism, with its clever ambassador mind reading, and other visits of benevolently revealing Mature ought to encourage us to hope for a speedy decent reception of 'psychic force' after the prattles at the coffee-table philosophical washtubs spent their soap-bubbles, particularly when clear indications of material advantages flatter receptive intelligences ; but in listening after subsiding of shallow twaddle to distant cries for ' water' I may be pardoned for taking the 'rod' in hand, and clear the passage after my respectful salute to the Register for his coming to the rescue in a mangled and misrepresented business. I am, Sir. &c;, ? C. REiMERS. 