CHAPTER XI.-^THB SURPRISING ADVENTURE THAT HAPPENED TO THRI'FTTÍMILLER IN THE "WOODS. ¿ Mr. Pennyfold, having .great confidence in his J ¡ adininistrativo abilitiesfhad consulted no person but himself in thç arrangement of the details of tho school treat. So -had" .settled all his plans .beforehand/ and, as he believed, left nothing to chance. .,..-.,» : "- '' "When you hear the sound of a horn," he said to the driver of the, pleasure-van, before they started, " you will be kind enough .to pull up." The driver nodded,.,sulkily¡; This; mind was dis turbed. Miss Peebles'mind was in a similar bón dition. There were no .signs of refreshment in either the pleasure-van or the carriage. Had her patron forgotten the buns (which she was now prepared to most gratefully accept without cur rants), and the milk, and the plain biscuits ? She did not dare to put the question, although the ? . opportuity was afforded her when they were a iniile from Gravesend. "With a grand air, Mr. Penny fold pulled the green baize bag from be neath his seat, and drew therefrom a briorht brass . trumpet. He called it a horn because he thought it had a more distinguished sound. Putting it to Iiis lips, he blew a blaßt so discordant as to strike torror to the hearts of a flock of sheep in a neigh bouring field ; they scampered away as though they wero suddenly stricken with madness. And Miss Peebles was so startled that she almost tum bled Off the van. -* " Sot still, marm,'" said the driver, "it's only i tho gemmun behind a-blowing his trumpet." . Mr. Pennyfold, alighting from his carriage, strolled to .the pleasure-van, whero the heated . driver was wiping his forehead, and asked the. mau how he was getting on. , 1 " If I must speak tho truth, sir," the driver said v " Always; always, I trust," interposed Mr. Pen nyfold. . "To git,on at all with such a load behind nie," continued the driver, " is a job-not to put too fino a pint on it-as I shouldn't caro for every day in tho week." " My man," said Mr.-Pennyfold, "does nob your master pay yon ?" "Who said he didn't?" retorted tho driver. "But when you hired a ifleasuro-wan off him to take a few kids to Cobham Woods, I don't think it come into his mind that there was over fifty of 'em." " The more the merrier," said Mr. Pennyfold, declining to be ruffled by tho driver's evident ill humour. " You tell the guv'nor that when wo git back," said the driver, adding gloomily,et if we ever do git back." . .Miss Pbbblcs gave ^utterance to a little appre hensive scream. Visions of famished children sleeping , all night under tho trees (The Babes in the Wood multiplied bytwenty-six) rose before her.. ? . i "Do not be alarmed," said Mr. Pennyfold to I her j "the day will glide away"-ho looked around i for a simile, and ióund it in tho skies-"liko a summer cloud. As for you, my man, if you d0 your duty cheerfully you will not bo tho worse off for it when we return to Gravesend." "I shouldn't object/' said tho driver, " to a fip penny bit on account-, for a pot of beor." "WJiy he asked fdr a coin not made in the Mint j was not very clear, unless, indeed, he was in spired by unworthy forebodings upon the subject of the " tip" hinted at by Mr. Pennyfold. " No, no, my man," said Mr. Pennyfold, jocoselyj " you've pleasure enough to go on with." " How do yon make that out, guv^nor ?' " The pleasure of doing good," said Mr. Penny* fold, looking at him with a pleasantamile j "how much does that count for ?" " Never could understand subtraction/' replied the driver, with a little touch of humour, adding in a lower tone: "Take nothink from nothink* and what remains ?" . . \ Then he busied himself with the thong of his whip, with the air of a man who declined to be drawn into further conversation. \ "And you," said Mr.JPennyfold to Miss Peebles, "are you all comfortable ?" : "Quite comfortable, sir, I thank you," she replied, in a dubious tone. : She'Was inwardly wishing that the pleasure-van had been made of nome elastic material, or that it could be drawn out like a telescope. " Perhaps the children will enjoy the freedom of the woods all the more for a little squeezing." ''A commendable sentiment, 1-Miss Peebles. "When we arrivo at the woods I have a surprise for you , and them-an agreeable surprise, I ven ture to,say. You will rejoice when-you learn its nature. And now,, my man/' ;to%the driver, "wait till you hear the horn bofore%ou .s'-art again!. A lovely day--a most lovély day'.!' ' At? Sil verweil', which was nearly half, way on their road, they made another halt,, the blast which Mr. Pennyfold blew upon the .trumpet being even more than his previous effort. It brought all the women to their'cottage doors. Miss Peebles had been much exercifeed /by M*v Pennyfold's announcement of a surprise'in store for them when they arrived at the .Woods. An agreeable ; surprise, he had said; ./She was not only easier in her mind with respect' to\ th&milk; and buns, but sho was filled with- pleasureable anticipation. r'' \ ' i There was a well at Siiverwell, and Mr.Penny fold bargained for two buckets of Swater and the loan of a tin mug. . He himself served out tho refreshment to the children, who drank eagerly and gratefully. He would have offered some to the driver, but that individual had left his horses and had walked up the road to a wayside ale house; he was now returning, wiping his mouth with the baok of his hand. To Mr. Pennyfold's remark that it was dangerous to leave his cattle, which might have taken it into their heads to run away, he replied; with an incredulous laugh- % H >/ " What, with that load ! There ain't a'pair of horses in the country as 'dbe equal toit.",% " Been thinking of the surprise I spoke of, Misa Peebles ?" . asked ; Mr._ Ponnyfold>?.àgnoring the driver.' 1 - \\-*p 'W. " It/ has occupied my thoiights, sir," saidiMlisa Peebles; " and our little men here, Tommy Mayple and Thrifty Miller, are in a great state oflöurio sity about it. - ^Whatever can it be ?Jr \ |7% S A't * "Haven't you an ideaP\' . - 'v-^vV "I haven't," replied Miss Peebles, "the ghost of ^ne. Would it be presimiptuous to inquire ita nature?"- ... .» . But Mr. Pennyfold shook his head merrily, and said the secret was his, and he did. not intend to divulge it till the proper time; adding that it waa very strange . that. Miss Peebles, pf all people in the world, should not bo able 'to !è|tté^|c'.''.;;GÎlji8> pf coursé, .made heir 'more curipiis" than eyer,:but .-did not in ,the least assist her. . .- ;.,,'77;¡iv,.-' i , .They.:¿did: not stop again till..they reachedthe Woods,"Mri. Pennyfold's carriage leading.7the way after they passed through Cobham. Th halted at one of the entrances - to tho Woods, where a covered cart awaited them. " That," thouerht Miss Peebles, " is the surprise. A most kind-hearted gentleman ! Trap, bat, and ball, I shouldn't wonder, and kites, and skipping ropes." She could not see into the cert ; its contenta were corefully concealed from view. Tho children were'glad to get down from the van and stretch'their climbs. -They^would have scampered away 'on the'instant had not Mr. Pen nyfold called them to order. " ; Ono.fpf his own men-servants had chargpipf'the jCart, and after exchanging a few words vath^hini. Mr." Pennyfold marshalled tho children in line, dividing them into four bauds; of < thirteen^ each,and appointing a captain to . bach/band, whb was made to under stand that lie was responsible for the safety and good behaviour .of those under h's 'command. Then Mi4/ Pennyfold gave the ordér to^marbh, and.they'fpllpwed the. p^rt into the recesses of the forest, halting eventually at a clearing completely surrounded by trées. .777'7 ./,':'¡7',77.xi7k; " This will do," said Mr. Pennyfold;; " nicely. Little boysènd girls, listen to me.773Tou are at .liberty.?tb have/games in tho woodser an hour. Upon.¡the expiration of that hour I'sKall blow the honi, when every ono of you will return to this spoi>for tho piuposo of continuing tho day's enjoy ment. \Do not, .unless you wish to get yourselves in trouble, - wander tco far; donot'fight; and keep, your, hands from picking aggi stealing. Eeally," ho obsorved, to Miss Peflres, "as a stretch of fancy I might call myself Robin Hood, and these my merry, merry men." , ;. " If I mightyontiire to suggest, sir," said Miss Peebles, who had detected signs of hunger among tho cliildrcn," that the young people woiúd grate«, fid', accept a. jilain .biscuit-to say nothing of a cup of milk. ' I trust you will not consider it?a liberty/3 "Not at all, my dear madam," said Mr. Penny-, fold, jovially 5 7f but allow m'e tö b^ thö/.biestx judge." 7-, ' ;>" Oh i certainly, sir/'' saidMiss Peebles, hastflyj:-. fearing that she had gone too far ; " it was'inorëly ' a suggestion. I should not présume to set my ; judgment against yours." J ""^ " Of com'so, of course," said Mr. Pennyfold, with condescending nods. "I tinderstand that» Let tho little boys and girls get their appetites wolTsharpened by playing in the o¿on air, and they will moro thoroughly enjoy tho nioal we shall prepare for thom. Go along, boys and girls, go and play, off and. play." , . - . ' H \- ? ró:Bu'--cóictároáb.) 