JiY NIUIIY AT TUB ZOO, london daily telegraph! At all hours of the day tho reptile house Is fascinating, mysterious and BUggestive. By night it ! doubly so. No nno cau go into it without finding fancy begin at ouce to busy itself. Evon the least imaginative of visitors, when he comes into the presence of tho lizards, crocodiles aud snakes, conjures up some mental dicture or other. Thoy may, it i true, only " beat out Hat and fiexiblo truths," but the fact remain that everybody makes an effort, unconscious or deliberate, to ward the fanciful, and shows by this that ho re cognise the nxotio picturcaqueneSH, the pnx/.Hng mystery of the silent and deadly company ot the reptile.. It i not easy to analyse the fueling that all must be aware possess thein, though of course iu varying degree, wheu they first step into tho snakcm precincts, and find themselves in tho heavy sub- tropical boat, with trm feru and palm about them, and see the pythons coiiod up iu their water tanks, the boa writhed upon their tree, the viper stretched along the gravel, and the other ser- pent form, heaped up or knotted, or lying at lull lougth iu morose and malignant inactivity. The other creatures in the place, some fear- Borne, Home grotesque, aiit this sen timent of iuvoluntary dislike for they are all of them hii/nilic.int of the raoro dreadful place ol the earth, unwholesome, forost gloom and fever-breeding uwump, torrid desert aud mountain cave, ot pestiferous slime and rotting vegetation and Kt ignant waters that lie fester- ing'under a tropic nun. It i not, of course, just, this wholesale antipathy to the reptile people, fur many of them are creatures of the same exquisite scene a the gazelle or the dainty marmoset monkeys, a the birds of paradise, the lnft gorgcou butterfll-, and tne loveliest ffower3 — everything, in fact, that i fairest, and rarest in .Nature. They b:isk among festoons of wondrous orchid that are haunted all the hours of sun shine through byjewolled humming bird or lie nt eme in lily covered pools where the gold carptatten. No. The lotof theroptiles by no menu cu-t iu the unpleasant place that fancy insist upon. For they are the inhabitants of seine of the most woudrously beautiful spots on the globe, and, if tho trutli were coufeMed, are themselves sometime) as beautiful as tbuir surrounding, in inure color they are many of them miracle of lovel.nc, gem struog together, while all posses n surpassing dignity of movement and an inviolable elegance. Art nnd the taste of women have declared the serpent shape to be i perfectly graceful. Science and the wisdom of men have authentically decreed its majesty. Consecrated to Jjivinity from all timo, and specially c)iocu fur thu ornament of frinale leuuty, it come dowu to us— this snake— - venerable for its nacrcd honor and worshipful with the homage of the fair. Yet the first, half-unconsciou, sense of repulsion that assails us when wo enter the reptile hnure ia perfectly natural, for the antipathy of civiiisution i thu Sanctity of the tiava o.-. Our dislike is their nwe, and from awe are developed the pious veneration of ignorant idolatry and the service of pagan altars. Yet, perhaps, in no respect is the reptile world so formidable to the imagination as in its silence. These ministers of sudden death, the serpent, are voiceless. No footfall follows them when they move. They strike without warning ; ily without a sound. Their god is Vidar, the tongueteiij eu». Though without language, they are majestically eloquent. Chaos, the primitive dlnroorser and oldest of things, that throws Antiquity iUelf into the foreground, had no other speech but theirs — the awful ut'.traucv of a compute science. Yet, both ia nod I- fnvt, stillness ircrn always intensified by the suggestion of soiind. Night is not tho roughly comprehensible, its depth and breadth completely intelligible, unle«a the hnth be broken now and then. We never know how quiet tho hours of dark- ness are till we hear their quietness disturbed. Thu the sodden cessation of a cicada's voice in some Arkansas swamp reveals with an intensity that is almost magical an awful, im penetrable absence of sound. The wheels of time seem to stand still. The earth is a blnck void. Chaos is come again. So, too, on the Himalaya, the dropping of an acorn or break ing of a ire.'d pod startles the hunter into in- Rtant recognition of tho profoundly of the silence in which he has sat waiting for tho game. In our F.ngHah woods what adeep liush falls upon the sccno when the whirring night jar wheels off to another glado, when tho weasel suddenly utter one .quick shriek and no more, whon a twig snap In the path behind and no footstep follow ! For this reason thou, if for no other, the ltcptile IIouso possesses by night an exceptional iutcrcst. Accustomed during the day to seo the dazzled, sleepy things dragging their slow length about tho cages or staring with strange, dead eyes through the glass, It is a great ur- prio to visit them by night. Sit down on tho edge of that tank and listen— to the silence. For a while there Is not a sound, but If you will look you will sco that the boa constrictor is awake, -It Is hard to nay whvu it moves, but thst it doe ho is boyond dispute, l or it head has passed behind tho true trunk, and como out on the other nida ; the Inst foot of tail Is slipping over tho uppermost branch. What a ghost the thing is 1 And what doe it hoc that it lifts it head out horizontally, and Rtares straight out into tho room, with it oyc« n-glitter? ForhnpB it is yourself. The groat reptile remem bers, it may be, tho imporinl seclusion of tho forest in tho laud boyond the Atlantic, whure it swung its splendid length from tho luafy ambush above thu door's path or, full fed, lay nt case along tho branch that overhung the feeding peccary. Sometimes a jaguar would pass, or the infrequent native, and then it wonid fltraighton out it lioad, just a it is doing now, nnd, ready to strike nt the first menace of dnngor, watch its possible enemy as ho catne and wont by, unconscious of the death overhead. But let it coil and uncoil as it may, there is no more sound than if thu prodigious serpent wero only a shadow. With what amazing stillno, too, that py thon is slipping into its pool, That is just how the malignrnt Kelpy, or fatal Nix, come out from the water to seize its unsuspcotlng victim, risiug as stealthily n init and as silent. Yonder is ano'hnr huge snake wide awake. Its head lifted up out of the centre of its coils seems to be listening intently. It 1 a motionless a if carved in stone, aud as still. Vipers are glid ing round their cages, their venomous-looking heads held low, with such even aud noiseless motion that they weeui rather to bo obeying thu attraction of some inngnet that drnws them round and round involnntnrily than acting upon a deliberate volition. The deadly stillness of these resiles reptiles grows upon you as you watch ; they become spectral ! When suddenly — crank! L>Icl yon start ? You might be excused if you did, But it wns only a bull-frog. He is a pensive old toad, and no wonder, for he ha no companions of Ids own kind. But every now and arniiu, poor old soul, he trie a croak, just to see If there is not another bullfrog about.' No voice replies, how ever, and ho relapses into melancholy contem plation. lie sees no fun in croaking to himself. Oneo upon a time he was conductor to a wholu choir— nnd what concerts they usedtohavoin thoHehnppy nights long ago, tho moon full over head and ho nnd lu friend sittiug up to tin ir chins in the mud, and croaking all toge ther i lie took tho bass nolo. himself, and though of course they were very fiue, there was nothing really so ravishing a the choru&cg; ren dered by tho whole company. Hour after hour would slip by, and yet theao innocent batrachians never tired of their own simple melody. They had only two note between them all, one the bass " croak," the other a falsetto yank," and as for tune they had hut one. But they never wearied of it, and It was wonderful, a the bull-frog sit in the Zoo and look back at the past, how pleasantly those night in the swamps used to pas. Everybody wa at liberty to ningas he pleased, so tho utmost harmony prevailed. But now that lie is quite sure that there U no one lmt hiiuRclf about, he lias not tho heart to croak much. It puts him out of spirit. No one follows his lead. But still, you know, theft may bo another bullfrog somewhere ; so here goes, ju«t on the chance— -croak 1 Bat no. The bon-constrictor goes nn slipping round his tree, the python ia gliding out of the other end of his tauk, tho viper are still fo'lowing tho magnet round and round their cages, but not a voice in all that room full answers tn the melancholy old frog's invitation. The silonco settle down again, all the dcopur for the interruption, when there falls on the ear a faint ripple n of water lapping ou the bank. What a stealthy sound it is — tho mere suspicion, the phantom of a sound. Yet it. i an ulligator. Look into the tank, A dozen pairs of grey eyes arc watching you from the water. The 'largest one, to see yon tho better, lmncorae out on to a lot/, and the none that you heard was its moving. What can it rcmomhor ? Not much, probably, for it U young yet. But it instinct is to be on the alert Who knows but that you may be a zebra coining down to drink, or a springbok ? Or perhaps its reminiscences would be Asiatic. You are an nutelope.it maybe, coining down to the Ganges to drink, or Home poor lean jackal .out on It night quest after the offal of the river. Or is it a North Ame rican reptile, with memories of negro chil dren and Indians' ponies, or a South Ame rican with recollections that arc Amazonian of succulent monkeys that used to drop off the troes like ripe fruit ? Whichever it nuiy be, it thinks it worth while to keep its eye open, for "all thing come to him that waits," and it is just pooublo you may so down by and by on all fours to lap water out of the tauk, and then thu crocodile will catch you by the nose. They are philo sophical beasts these crocodiles, aud uncom monly patient. Jf you think you aro going to Htare it off the lo you aro miatakeu, for it has made up its mind to pretend that it is a part of tho log, uud until you threaten, to poko it with your umbrella it wiiLgo on doing so. It will not even wink for fear you should find out it is not a log. So let the poor thing alone, and make believe that you have not discovered the imposture. It does no harm to humor it; it Is generous to do ho, on the chance of the crocodile being plfl&nod.; CroRs over to the smaller reptiles. Many of them are vivaciously awake, notably our own English vipers. Thu salamander, too, is a lively as if it wore at the back of the kitchen lire — for tradition avers that salamanders are never so cheerful a when In a furnace. The other lizards aresnoozibg, and one cannot help thinking that "going to bed" and " getting up" are delightfully expedition performances for lizards. They s?em to have gone to sleep in the middle of the last step thoy wero taking. When they awake to morrow they will take f lie other half of tho p ime step, and they will call that getting up. No bath, no phaviug.no putting on of clothes! Happy lizards, in- dead, thoy ne a very practical folk thoe reptiles. Instead of changing th-ir clothes every morning and evening they wear the haido suit straight-on until it got toonmall forthem. j Then they peel it off — and oat it, So it would be no use going to buy old cloth from lizards . | Turtles seem to make very little difference | between day and night. Not that they are ! of an active kind at any time, but | at night they seem, perhaps, a triHe ' less sleepy than by day. Bometitnes one will wink quite briskly, and If you watch very carefully you will see that the animal ia turning round with all the vivacity ot the minute hand of a clock. Bat there i a con siderable dignity in this imperturbable dulibe- ratunexs. It partakos of the solemnity that atteuds the prncew of nature, Tho tortoise grow in size about us rapidly &s; a coral island— it move at the pare of the shadow on a sun dial. Perhaps this eccentricity of slowness arises from a dyspeptic, nri-docratlc, overbearing pride. What other beast ever killed a tragic poet by dropping on to his bead T Or it may l»u. on the other baud, the outcome of a dcpeiate wearinow of nu exBt- enco without the sense of taste. For turtles, they say, have tio palate, and to watch them listlessly innhehing their gras it Is not difficult to believe it. Thev take it up as if they did not caru whether it dropped ont of their mouthx again or not, and swallow it with an expression of indifference that !s irn- rnensely comical. But what else than comical can a creature be that breathe by shutting it mouth ? If you wish to nuffocate a turtle you mut keep its mouth npep. Yet there are very lively turtles iu the world—to wit, for liiHtAnce, the snauping creatures of that ilk which pursue tb.b with fUl activity, end eat the young fry of crocodiles. For this the parent retaliate by eating the turtles— and tbe balance of taste in )Uik "give and take" would certainly stem to be on the I side of the crocodih'S. But it is a queer con dition of life that has for its ruling innxlui, ' Eat ue, and I'll eat you," Sometimes the turtle, as Li tho Gauge, and Junius - ' bi-r te a prodigious Jze, and'tno voracity and power of these monsters iu mail is horrible, as- the Indian knows to bis cost. Supposo It evening. The son j sinking fast ; the mist is already gathering on tho water. Down to the Jnmna side ,comes a string of camels. The river is very nhaliow, and to ford It saves a long 5 miles - round by tho bridge. Thore are quicksands, however, to be dreaded ; but the driver had risked them so often that the hazard has lost its torror. So the slowly pacing brutes aro lod down to the edge, and an old camol of exportonoo takes tho lead and steps into tho wator with confidence, its head superciliously npltftod a It sploshes ahead. It knows each sandbank. And coos forward without fear, all the others fol lowing exactly in its tracks. The sun is olose upon the horizon now, nnd the mists are thioker But tho leading camel is already across, and the rest keeping in its footsteps, pas iu tuftglo file out of tho river aud up the bank. Tbe driver stand watching them from thu other side, and looks upon them all as good as at home, But one of the. lost, socio g itself so near safety, must needs break the lino, and swerving a few pace to one dido; lounges independently along on a track of it own choosing. All of a sudden, tho sand under one of Its feet gives way. It trie to oxtricate Itself, and the othur foreleg sinks too. It Is caught in a quicksand. It feels it« hind JegR sink, and in the consciousness of its poril tho poor bruto roars out, The driver hears it. Ho had already turned to trndgo home round by the bridge, but stands to llston. Ho can not seo anything, but the cumo! continue to groan and to roar. Thcro is a tumult, too, iu the water, as if somo groat things were floundering nnd splashing round tho sinking boast. Thoy arc the turtle. .Taws with tho strongth of iron vices havo gripped tho poor camel by it legs. Tho bones snap ono by one, and the wrotched brute falls upon it side. Again and again it trie to rise, ofteu half raisiug itnolf nbovo the water, bnt sinks hack again. The roaring dies away to a mere moan. It head is lifted once or twice mora into vtow, and then, for the last time, is submerged. The sun him gone down ; thu mist hides the hank. But tho tuionlt of the turtles as they drag the great dead thing hero nnd there goes on — aud then come night, thu feast I over, and hilunce settle upon the river. 