CHAPTER XXXVI. From that moment Miralda began to watch Zadwiga ceaselessly; she let her ex periments and charms stand unheeded, while her active mind revolved around the fresh suggestion which accident had offered her. She suddenly evinced an anxiety for Zad wiga's health. She found also that she saw too little of her charming visitor, that she desired more of her society. Miralda was clever enough in this kind of thing; she made it all appear the most natural and kindly sympathy of a hostess. She told Zadwiga that she had been so immersed in some affairs of her own, and so perplexed about Demetri's disappearance, that she had neglected her too much of late. Zadwiga was a little touched by the sudden kindli ness, and responded to it as best she might. All the while Miralda observed her with the keenness of a professional detective. She saw that Zadwiga had become thinner, that she had lost all her lovely bloom and was pale; that dark rings had begun to appear beneath her beautiful eyes. She saw also that Zadwiga was unable to eat, and that she tried to conceal the fact instead of simply allowing that she was not well. But Miralda saw what was more interesting to her than all the rest—that the mention of Demetri's name sent a thrill, or a shock of some kind, through all Zadwiga's frame; and that if Earol were in the room when that name was spoken he immediately approached his mis tress and seemed to watch ner. At the end of three days Miralda had made up her mind. She sent a servant over to .Tassy on horseback. It was in the evening. Zadwiga had gone to her room imnediately after dinner, and Miralda was alone, in the salon when the messenger came riding back post - hasce, his horse covered with foam. He was fol lowed by three men on horseback. Zadwiga was in her little sitting-room, kneeling before the shrine of St. Joseph, her whole soul absorbed in prayer, when Karol gently opened the door. Zadwiga did not move; at last he ventured to speak. "Maamselle,"he said, the old Princess wants to speak with you, here in the library. She is coming immediately; and I can't tell why, but I am uneasy. She has some strangers with her." Zadwiga started to her feet, and turned her white face towards him. At that moment they heard the heavy door of the library vestibule swing and shut; and steps, as of several persons approached the library. The door of Zadwiga's own room was open; she gazed through it at the opposite door as if some vague dread oppressed her. " Be brave, my little lady," Eaid old Karol, " go forward and meet them. Don't let the old witch see that look on your face !" Mechanically Zadwiga stepped out from her room into the library and approached the large table on which stood the lamp. As she came within its Btrong light the library door opened and a man entered the room, wearing an official dress; he was immediately followed by two gens d'armes. All Zadwiga's nerve and courage appeared to desert her at this sight. She uttered a cry like that of a creature who 6ees the exe cutioner at hand. " Karol! she exclaimed, throwing out her arms, while her eyes remained fixed on the officers of the law, " 1 am lost—I am lost! They are upon me!" She fell on her knees as the last words escaped her, and her hands were upon the great library table. She clung to it with a strange action, as if she were endeavouring to hold it in its place, Karol rushed to her side. " My dear little lady!" he exclaimed, in an undertone of intense excitement, " you are mistaken—you are not lost—there is nothing known against you." At that moment the Princess Miralda ap peared in the doorway of the library and fixed her eyes on Zadwiga. "You are right, Karol," Eaid Zadwiga, " yet I am lost. I have ruined myself by my own words." From this moment Zadwiga lost any dis tinct consciousness of what happened. She did not faint, and when Bhe was told by the magistrate to rise she did so without assist ance. But the words lie spoke to her appeared to be spoken a great distance off, and she only understood what he said some time after he had said it. TIiub it happened that she found herself in her little bedroom alone, without at ence knowing what it meant. She heard the key turned in the lock of the door, and she listened to the re treating rootstepa ana voices, xnen sne seemed to grasp what the magistrate had done. He had placed her in confinement, here in her own room, on suspicion of murder. She remembered, slowly, that Miralda had interceded for her, and requested that she should not be taken away to the prison at Jassy, but be kept under guard in the chateau. Still it seemed to Zadwiga that she only understood the superficial meaning of these words—that she had not grasped the fact which they expressed ! Her attention was taken up by some sounds which she heard; sounds which were new, yet continued with out cessation. They were footsteps, regular aB the tick of a clock; and a clinking. What could theBe noises mean? A long, long time she sat on her bed and listened. Suddenly her mind appeared to awake within her—to recover from the shock which she had experienced. She knew then that these unusual sounds were simply the tramp of the gens d'armes who guarded her; one in the library, one outside the high windows of her room. The next morning the investigating magis trate returned and commenced his work in earnest. He brought with him his clerk, whose business it was to record the investi gation ; and he began his work of questioning and examining all the inmates of the chateau. The greater number of the ser vants had but little to say. They all gave the same account of the mysterious manner in which Demetri disappeared on the occa sion of the masked ball, and denied entirely having seen him outside the house or wan dering abont it from the time he had left the hall where he had been seen with one of the Polish sisters. Anuca had more remarks to make. She held the -theory that Demetri was alive and enjoying himself well enough, perhaps in Paris, perhaps at the chateau of one of his friends. She did not attempt to offer any motive for such an unexplained disappearance on his part, but said, reason ably enough, that his conduct was always so wild and irresponsible that it was unneces sary to try and think what the motive might be. But when Bhe was asked how he could have entered the carriage of any of his friends without being seen by some one of the servants—or how he could have walked through the forest wearing white satin covered with diamonds—then Anuca had no snggestion to make. Moreover, by this time numbers of the guests of that night had called upon Miralda; surely, if Demetri had driven away to visit a friend she would have beard of it. Anuca knew this and was silent. But she took occasion to observe at the clcse of her examination that she believed Ma'mselle Milovitch was absolutely innocent. After the house servants had been ex amined the magistrate had the men from out of doors, who had all been summoned to the chateau that he might question them. If Demetri had really walked awav from the house through the forest, one of the foresters must surely have caught sight of such a con spicuous figure. If, instead, the prince had wandered about the grounds until one of his friends was leaving, it was inevitable but that a gardener or stable servant should have observed him. The magistrate was deter mined to loBe no chance of discovering whether Demetri went away from the chateau that night or no. Consequently he devoted much time and patience to the examination of these gardenere and hunters. Before he had questioned more than half of them the day was over, and the remainder had to be left until the morrow. All this time Zad wiga lay on her bed, in her white wrapper, listening with fear for an approaching foot step. hood was bronght to her by one of the Berving- women, ana the gens d'arme saw that she quickly left the room without having time to talk to the prisoner who lay trembling within it. A hundred times Zad wiga wondered where her faithful Karol could be; and at last she came to the con clusion that he too must be in confinement. Night came, and no one had been near her. Only the stamp of the gens d'armes continued outBide her room- She knew they had been relieved; her ear, sensitive with fear, told her that the footsteps had changed their character. xne next morning, me second 01 tne in vestigation, the magistrate went on per sistently questioning the various servants of the gardens and foreBts; but he elicited nothing. Not one of them had seen Demetri or any figure resembling his, either in his fancy dress or any other costume. The magistrate went to the room oceujned by Demetri, which had not been used Bince his disappearance. Demetri's servant said that all Demetri's ordinary clothing which he had brought with him to the chateau was still in that room. He had not changed hiB dress evidently. And the servants said that he wore on that satin coat all hiB jewels. It seemed incredible that a man should walk through the rough unfrequented ways of the forest, unseen even by tne hunters, in such a dress as this! The magistrate's own idea was that Demetri had been murdered for the jewels, and that his body lay buried in the forest. He did not, so far, think Miralda right in suspecting Zadwiga. The wild words she uttered on hie appearance he attributed to the sudden alarm. But he said nothing of this. He proceeded in his work, and at last came to old Karol. He went alone with his clerk into the old servant's room. Karol had fallen into a heavy despondency, locked in solitude, and without any means of hearing news of his mistress, ltut the moment the magistrate entered the room he shook this off, and a look of watchful anxiety settled on his face. The magistrate noticed this, and he imme diately guessed that it would be no easy matter to find out what Karol knew. This idea proved correct. If Karol knew any thing at all he very successfully concealed his knowledge. He, like the other servants, had seen Demetri in the hall with the Princess Wanda. She was masked, hut he knew which of the sisters it was, Ma amselle Zadwiga being then in her own room. From that time, he said, he never saw Demetri again. He heard no Bounds of an unusual character, he saw nothing to excite suspicion of any strange occurrence. He had shuttered the library nimself, and when Ma'amselle Zadwiga went to her own room he put out the lamp, and himself retired to rest. All was safe and quiet. The magistrate could obtain nothing further from him than this; and yet, when at last he rose reluctantly to leave him he did so with a secret conviction that Karol knew something which he was determined not to reveal. from jxaroi ne went to trie iiDrary. nere he found Anuca, who was apparently busied in dusting the books that lay on the table. The magistrate asked her to summon Zad wiga to him. This was what Anuca desired ; for she had always liked Zadwiga, and she wished to soften the stern edges of justice to her a little. She returned alone, in a few moments. " She is hardly fit to rise," she said to the magistrate, " but she is coming." The clerk took his place at the table and spread out his papers ; the magistrate occu pied himself during the brief delay in looking round the room. His attentiou was presently attracted by a slight sound; it came from Zadwiga's door. She had opened it, and was coming out slowly and with trembling steps. She looked like a ghost straying in the day light. The moment her eyes fell upon the officials her strength appeared to desert her entirely, and she sank into a chair which stood very near her door. She looked so lovely even with the pallor on her face and the great dark circles which had formed around her eyes that she must have excited the magistrate's interest and compassion, bad it not been that her appearance and conduct instantly led him to the conclusion that she was guilty. He commenced to question her with this conviction in his mind. But Zadwiga adhered to one story— similar to that told by Earol. When she left the bal masqud she went to her own room and remained there, hearing nothing of what went on in the house. The last she had seen of Demetri was when he was with her sister in the supper-room. No cleverness of the examiner could shake her faithfulness to this account. She garnished it in no way, seeming to have too little strength to speak many words at once. Baffled and annoyed the magistrate at last ordered her back to her room. " I shall continue her examina tion to-morrow," he said to his clerk. To himself he observed, " I am confident she is not telling the truth." 