A Dead Man's Love. (From tho Argonaut.) (Concluded from our last.) . - It was a fcegiuninjf, und they wallted to- | gather nlong tho gravelled path aud around tho fotirktain in front of tho house. Ho an swered moro than ho taikod, bnt sho felt con versational with him in spito of hersolf. Sho showed him tho two pavilions that her hus band's parent* had built, and ppoke of her own ohildish fancies. ' Yes;' he repliod, 'youSh i-i irreprossiblo. It is pest and gone, and wo give it up, but it always 2aems i-- bo standing behind as, to keop a soft linnd on our shoulder,, and its sweet mouth Bays, 'Thank God for sno.' ' ' Ah. I like you now !' cried Elsa ; 'you would loo!* upon those poor mraioians of yeB terday with different eyes to-day. Yottnroono of those pooplo on1 wiom the vrcathor has a great influence, like plants.' 'Do you think so; countess?' he answered, with a sHd glimmor of a smile. Bnt it was a smile. ' I tlr'iik you me mistaken: Every heart longs for joy and gladness ; thorois nono that finds plcas-.tro in molanoholy onlj' beoaase tho weather changes. The sunshine or storm that makes our souls light or dark is within cs, aud not easily altored'by force of will.' ' If people havo heavy burdens to boar;' said! the oounto-is, ' thoy muat not isolate them selves ; thoy must seek oheerful people cadtry to- lead a cheerful life, else they will find exist' 1 once poor and wrotcHed'.' . 'Do you meau me?? he asked, softly. : 'Yes,' she returned' heartily. 'Pardon ttte;' 1 bnt I think you are a little unsympathetic and unsociable. Of cour? o it- oonrams no one. Isast of all a woman ; but I anrnots » woman — I mm a* neighbour.' He answered her smi?e, and' tliere was somai thingflike gratitude in hit -glance and the light' that onme into his face like a' winter tun on a' snowfield. 'Have you never heard, countess,' he asked,, slowly, ' of a woman who iriatime of epidemic ivoidbd Rcr own child, and shut her door_ on tier weeping treasure f — who died' alone, with out a Hand to wipe the deaih'dansj) from her brow,.that she might save her1 darling from in fection-?' Or, say that a man kaowB he is poisoned through and through — that the touch of' hia hand, the breatn- of his lips will bring: his own curse on-others^ — will ho not say tD'thosc irho love him-, . ''Back f' Or rather, . will ho not avoid oveiyropportunitjr to love, when lie Jmowo that his-lftve' will bring destruction to its objeot ? Or, take- a wretched vagrant, on whom rests the curse-of some crime, and who iKpeots every day to feel 'the hand of ignominy on His shoulder ; let some losing being — a friend, a; wife, a brother — open the door of a home to him' on his weary moreK; warm as the hearth may glow, soft as the- lanap may burn, lovingly as the lipB may smile, will he enter to bring his curse across thai' threshold F No!' ' Perhaps not, ' said Elsie Arcon ; ' but what courage, to be wretched, dying, and! to push away the hand tftat would succour i IBtit where hove you learned this dreary wayoft looking at life ? H not this earth, beautiful K Look at the roses. See how the sun sends pearly lights across tile spray in the fountain. Is it not glorious?? Ib it not blisB to be-aHv»? ' 'Who could' aay no to you f ' he answered with shining eyes and a faint treraulousness of the lip. ' You fill every one that hears you with your joy iu life. It is a blessed-gift, and ono that soatters blessings. God proteot you from all sadness t? She blushed,1 but without embarrassment, and their oyes mot. 'When the glanoes of two pure and noble souls meet and hold eaoh- other a moment of restful pause from tho Btorm of life comes to both, even if what the world calls love never has e.-asUd between them and never is to exist. She only thought how glad sho waa that at lust lie seemed happy. Suddenly something seemed to separate him from her, us if- a. horrible recollection, swept back over his soul. He turned deadly pale, his mouth grow distorted, but only for a second ; than he regained his self- control, tho terrible quid that she had just succeeded in breaking. Spirits may look so when they fciover over the cradle of an orphan child and hear the cook crow. 1 1 quito forgot,-,1' he said, presently, '^nat I am under orders to-day, and must go- back. Pardon me for having trespassed on your time 30 long, madams:1' Had sho dreamed that this apathotio-statue that epoko so mechanically and moved so wearily had been but a moment before a think ing, fteling ? Human being? No. As she looked after him, Elsa said tn horselftftat he waa no misnntHropu. he was not unfeollng, he was only mortally tired. He had a heart. A few days afterword there was aAirinone of the groat ranrket towns, and Itlsa Arcon, with her aunt Odoseali and eight or temfriendB from tho neighbouring estates, drove over in a party to look on.. Late in the afternoon they set out for home; but the evening was aoJovely that it scemod- a pity to separate, and what ploasanter than to accept tho invitation- of the pretty CountesB Arcon. and have supper and spend the nigki-nt Castle Lanout ? After supper; as the moonlight was brilliant, they all went' out on the terraoe, whore the nicrht air was hsa-w with the DerfumeofYitowers. ' It is just the hour to listen to something thrilling,'' said one of theladieB. ' WBo-lmowB a ghost story ?l ' Or a murder- staryf said another/ 'You 'always hove a Btory ready, .Bobski,' cried oneof the- men to the freckled little count, the only officor present. 'Yes, I know a Btory, but not thosort jou want. It- is truo, though ; I have-i4 on the best of authority.* ' Oh,- tell it ! ' When did it happen* Do we know the- heroine ?' ' That I1 cannot say, but it hoppenad about -week1' ago ia Paris. The lady's -name waa Felice Frauoia. Her father was a -general in the oavalry, and ohe was just out of 'boarding- sohool; The eld general, though he-was much beloved: by the army, was really lather a nnmmnn Rorfc of adventurer. H6 ?was ex travagant to the lost degree, guzsted oham pagne at breakfast, and hia wife was a mil liuer'sdoU, and nothing more. So-he went on miking debts, though he Knew ho never could pay, and everyone lent becaute-he gave his wori of honour. , But a day oanis when he muat either break his word or go to the Jews. Well, he had a iriend, an old man, who said to him r ' I will pav your debts on oondition that you. sell mo your daughter — I ba;; pardon — I mean that she will marry me.' So the father i spoke to his daughter, and she olung to tho old jinan with both hinds, and to aeoure silk dresses and diamonds for life she sold' 2-orself like a bale of goods.' ' Is that all the story ?' saidla Polish count. ' There is nothing unusual in that.' ' Yes,' grinned Count Dobuffi, 'it is a very i simple story, but suppose the heroine were one of our friends f ' Oh, it i« too disgraceful !' -med tho ladies. At lo-t tho moon Bet, and iltey separate d for the night. As Dobski kiesedhia hostess's hand, she said :- 'Thank you, count, fop- entertaining my. gneBta bo kindly when I was. t irod.' 'Oh, oount»ss, youflattei'nae,' he answorea^. modestly. Bat if he had mran her heart he would have trembled, remoraoless as he wan. Early next morning the guests assembled for breakfest and departure-. The lady of iihn house sent hor excuses. She had oaught noM on the torrace, and was unible to appear. Aftev tho (ruoyts were prone, Aunt Mnnn knocked at tho door untfl Hhe opened it. Her nyea wero rod, with sleepleasnoss or crying, as b1i£- said : 'A little hoadaobe, aunlie I am better, thank you.' Then b)-6 went bank to hst chair, and Bat down with her head in her handn, sup posing her i-millnir aunt would fro away. But suddenly h1i« felt Aunt Moca's hand on hor shoulder, and ho ird hor say : 'ISlsa, I will tail you what is the- matter. ?Will you listen?' Elsa stared at hor. The sterootyped smilo had gone from her faoo, and her eyes wero dim with tears ; and nho spoke distinctly, thouirh slowly and hoavily : ' You wonder to hear mo talk, and to know that I can think. A veil seemed to fall from my mind not lonpr ago,innd my head bfgun jo livo again. But it was hard for me to t'llk, so I kept hi ill, and I h*ard people say ouch evil things, that I did not oaro to open my month to thorn. But you nevor laughed at mo, Elaa, and I must speak to you, for you are unhappy. That foul-mouthed man wounded you to the heart yesterday, and you ere alone. Joan only comfort you, not holp you ; you must find a friend to do that. You have ono in your heart, and ho is bravo, but you would never call him, bo I have sent for him, and ho will bo hero to day., Who ia he, do you ask ? Could 1 mean any; ono but tho inau who this moment is riding to your door P ' Aud sho pointed to tho window, and the man that lllsa Arcon saw was Lieuten ant Stornfold. Sho went down to rccoivo him, and motioned him to sit besido hor. Ho 8aid, in Mb woary yet courteous way, ihat sho had sent for him, and that ho had como to know in what way ho could be of service to her. Sho tried to answer with coldness and pride, bnt sho looked at him ond trusted him. ' Pardon my sending for you,' sho answered ; 'I need a friend.' '?Who has more friend^ than theConntosB Arson?' 'Friends who would like to be suitors. Do you think one of tho, men who como to my house, if I called ou them & this way, would not feel! JKBtified in taking advantage of it? For that reason I eent for you1.' ' For me !'' ' Yes;;: bocauso you are indiSerent to mo a& a woman,- because you are indlfferont to the whole world, and because I fed' that ywjv are an honourable aaan.' She was almost as pale as ho, as 3he continued : ' So, ifi'this moment of my life ?whec I need help, will you bo my friend ?' She eeemed rather to confer thaw to ask a favonr: ! ' Your friend,? 3b murmured. ' It is a simple frising that I ask yonto do-;: etriy to road tliis letter from my de&a; father on' the day of mj- marriage to General AJtcon.' 'Countess, lean not read your letter, I carp lot nocept thc-htonour of yoar friendship, nor' aek you to rely- on my befriending you1.' 1 3h9 rose, wlSte-witl* rage and shamav ' Because I amnob * danscme ! ' sho cried. ?'You know about ihat?' His eyes woro unnaturally largo;- and! Ms lipe grew r.» whito ? , as- his oheeks. She- was- frightened at what she ,had said, but herpridoaamo back. 'H have heard it.' '. ' That danscusc, madams la comtesse, 3 have never spolion to, never evsa seen,' he &ai;£.) with a returo of his ountomary indifforence to1 her, to-the- world, to himself. '-Prince Teko was-her avowed lovor. Or.8 evening at mess, whsn he hadbesn drinking,- he gave an infomono' de- scription of his incniorat&i; with whom ho-had sjuarrollsd. I did not know the woman, but the- thing enraged zae. Ttnld the prince my opinion of him. That ?was-aili.' She di'sw along breath. ' Can you par3oh no-?: 1 was hurt at your rofasing to defend' rae:' A'ji'S h- the thing-blew- over? ' His liiw formed tha word 'Tea.' ' And you forgive □»?' '36rw=batf' 'I'WQB afraid I had -woandaii yon,' she said^ alinost eliyJy . Es- mode no anewc?;'. only/ took the letter;? and said :: '?I lam'teread this ?' ' 12 (you pleaae.' It ran ao follows: Mri(Djiiin.T Beloved 3tjn:: Will yon, indeed, talie this atop? Think thtS'Jho io an old man, ana you stout ill nlmost a child. True, he once did men great sorTiooi an-l spared mo a dtep- Borrow, but was he not my old friend and companion' inarms? jNow that Ueio- fiiiik und alone he needs a-vre, you say, und you will pav mgr moral d-)bt nnd'fettery-*nr young life to a Biclciold'nmn. Don't dc it, Elaa, I implore you. Arcon- is -no longer ricb, a^U-'twe are wealthy onco mure. 'Wdwill make him ono of ourselves, and teach him to -rorce-S his pride, bet not through your self sacriCco. There is still tims to buy no, El=a. Say it. 'I -ctbb an overstrung, eccentric girl,'- said Elsa, as- Jie Snished, ' bu 1 1 have never regretted my step. I gave my father's- benofaotor a happy oldi age. The world- judges only by appearances, and yesterday, a wioked man said wioked things of mo to my face, without naming names. But how often will hs-namo them at meas- and in gossiping visits ? ? So all I ask is that a friond who is not a lover - shall say with authority, 'It is not true.' 'Will you s*y that J'. ' Wha'u'do» you require of me,- countess ?' he exclaimad. 'If you only knew !r 'What do I require,? she oried, inaBtifled voice. ' Is rt so much r Am'I'not worth even a word?!' 'Yes,' he groaned. ' You must not speak bo. Yoi are tearing my heart ouli. Pardon me for leaving you, onuntesa — I am. ill. You shall learn whsttier I can bo yoiw friend or under - tako this^miasipc, but not now-.' His 'words'- «.£ lerr are, T-ut he was gone. * * ? * - » * jIiIEOTEHirar STERNFELD TO T!1E» OtDMTESS AltCOS. Miulamu L;i Comtcsso : I do notAnow what I am to say to joc'ih this lotter. I only bunw that I must tell yon rU that atru jKlo8 in me.- Sba wiU tute the*© words for . wbat thoy arc, tha Kjty ot a Ueactthot would Kivo tho last drop of its- blood to spare you a sad mornest, to win a sinllo fifiui. yoa, to linger for nn hour by yonr side. I am yonai?, my heart la lull to overflowinn, and I shall nevor ooa you ni?ai:i. Prom the momont that you read thane lines I shall haro vanislio'l i~om tho world for you. . 35o not be angry that I dared; not accept tha honour of being your brothor. My nnhnppy fate forbkln me to livo with life, to count npon to-morrow. But one thing it does not foibldrf-tho courngo nud iho. powor to tell you that I lovo yon with tho first, holitat, nnd oh, indeed, tho laafc lovo of my heart. I love yomwith overy iloro of my b*irat, with every thov-aat of my soul, with ovory pulaeof my bntiy that iiii a (aw monionts is to moulder iu tho grave, whero it has long been duo. I love yoa unutterably. God bless you. Farewell for eror. . S. ? »??»?? ? ? «? * ? A eturiess night hung above the Lanout estates, oppressive, damp -.darkness, through whioh aiwuman knocked at the lonely farm house -whera Lieutenant Stsmfeld lived. The door was-opened by the men himself, with a light in- his hand. She -? entered ; her old ecrvanh; John Drim, stood on the stops outside. Tho Countess Elsa Arooiv. puflhed book the hood of' Uor waterproof and-aaid, as she stood, within-the ihreshuld : ' Lieutommt Sternfeld, . you are a wicked' man.' He placed his light on tHe window-sill withi trembling fingers, only 3aying»: 'You heio, oountoani'' and then Mtcad with folded hands beforn her, as if sho were a saint. But she lookcdlat him with breathless anger. ' You torrifind me to dbafchi by your lettsr. Heavon be praised, you are here.' ' XVm were alarmed abeut me f '303,' sho auswored.l honestly, though ihe. glanos »ho gave him was indescribablo in its repronoh and pride ; ' cad now it ia over, I was alarmed abnut a humannbeing in deep distress. I wna stupid enough fop- that. No one ever oared for my grief.' H» caught her hand and held herfrom goingv ' Slsa,' do not leavo me !' he oried. ' I told you 4hat I was wretoiedi and you ? ' '?J only wifhnd to tell you to be bravoi''shB Rtruok in. 'You have a wife that you do. not low-, or you are iu lovo with Homo one that you caanot marry, uud you. whimper liko a child. Ib that manly?' ' 'Love any onn hut yon ? I oan boar it no Ibnaer in thia last hour; when I musi- returr* 6o tho grave in which' I have been lying foe a. jrear. Elsa, I dared not take or return lovot. i biiouuBO — [ Kin a doodl man !' i Sho took a ijuddtin stop backward and jjtarod. at. him as if ho waro mud. 'Yes,' he continued, with his ayes nxod; despairingly on hor faco ; ' liavo you 'never felt it ? Listen. I am. otity a ghoat ; to- morrow's, suu must not aso mo on earth. E* you tbink I am mad ? Listen, My parents- were poor,;: I wan ahvayn lonely and ambitious, uud', I would not diwipate iay youth as other inon do in my profes»imi» I told you o} iuv quarrel with Prinoe Ij3?-3io. A duel naturally followed, but our colonoli interfered and it was atopyed, at lffli=t appuionbly ; not really, howover. As wo could li')1; fi-ht openly, wd ariongod a^ seorot duel. Wo drew lota in the preeenoe of two witnoases, Bobaki and LinsM. Tho one on whom th» lot fell wuy to dio by hia c-wn bund boforo ths-ond of the year. It foil o:i me, and to- morrow is my lust day. 'Why should I not havo died boforo ? I could tak'j care of my mother no munh tho longer ; and I hi\0! liv- d bo littlo, always worl.inK for my foriu/io So I have JSived toy year, but Aow ! Bay by day, hour by hour, death orepi toward mo. I dared bind mysolf to no ono. I mu?t stamp out nil lonpiiiif for lifo nnd laro-. Tlion you dime into my lifo, and I loved you. I sivw heaven, and ds.rod not Ktvetcli ou.i my hand toward it; I saw tlio highoi-t blcvainfr of liSo held out to mo, and had to dash, it from »-y thirsty lips. I must die— and yixi ttuud btforo mo ilia imagu of tho boaifty, jjlory, and bio eecluojs of lifo, hopeloi-sly lojt to mo.' His oyes oleaed and ho foil full length bofore hor, aatching a fold of her dress in hia fall. Sho Bank horfdo him, took him in her Hrmn, and heggod him, ns if hoside herself, to Ray it was . riot truo ; she eriad that fiho loved him, and llow was it possiblo for him to dio when tiioy oould be happy P : . 'It 5s well I took tho poison before you came,' he said, at last ; ' now I should not have the courage.' Hia eyes did not oloso agttfn, but rested on her faoo with an expression of unspeakable lovo. Sho saw tho - end waB near, and neither spoke nor mared. Her lips received hia Inst breath. The whole corps wns at first horrified at ther 'logitimato' suiuido of a br^vo oorcviide, who an hour boforo his floath had written ft letter to tho colonol setting forth tho roason. but thoy all declared ho could not hnvo dono otlisrwiso. Tho Countess Elpa Ayoon witlidrew hor poor annt to same quiet Italian baths. Thcgreat wrald thought tho countess was noting aobly in tending her poor imbecile rclativo. 3hey did not know it was tho rclativo who was nursing a dying woman. For -when tho spring came Elsa wont out of lifoas a flame gooB oat. A maladic dc langueur, eaid' tho phymoiana. She was buried in the sweet Italian oonvond whioh eho had endowed with- her fortuno, and in which Aunt Moi\a lingered1 out lier last dayi without a word und without a Bicdlo. — Trans- lated from' tho German of E. M. Vacano by Helen Labe. 