[continued from saturday's supplement.] MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. A NOVEL BY ADELINE SERGEANT, autuottess of " jacom's Wli'b," etc. [All Riairrs Reserved.] CHAPTER XXXVI.—The Accused and Acouser. " Can wa do nothing for him ?" said Cicely to Philip, beforo he took loave of hor that evening on thoir return from London. "I don't know what we can do," said Philip. " I must ask Giles whether ho wishes the child to stay with Hannah, or to go with his aunt to Twickenham. That old woman will bo the death of him." "You are too hard on Hannah," Cicely answered with a smile, which was pathetic in its very brightness. "She is very faithful to her master." " What makes it more difficult to manage,' said Philip, " is the fact that Will is a thoroughly spoilod child. Ivinglake has, naturally enough, petted him all his lifo, and the boy is hoarcbrokcn now that ho is aeparated from his fathor." "I don't seo why you call poor Will a spoiled child," oxclaimed Cicely, in rather a hurt tono. " A sweet, loveiiblo little fellow." " I can only nay," said Philip, with a laugh, " that "I should not like a boy of my own to be quite as intimately acquaint'"1 "''J1 111 y n,ia".'s as Master WiU ™ ><= with those of_ lus f_t\,o- *"'c I agree with you ; he 13 nice little chap, but ho wants somebody beside poor old Giles and Hannah to look after him." Philip took pains about the mattor. He went to S09 Kinglake, and reprosontod to him that Will was suffering from tho oiroumatauces in which he was placed. And when I10 had said his say lie was sorry, for his friend looked per plexed and pained. " Of course, the poor little lad will suffer," ho said, pushing the hair back from his fore head with a wearied gesture. "I hardly soe how am I to mend matters " " You mean that I ought not to inter fere ?" " You have every right to interfere, Phil," said Giles, smiling in rather a melancholy way. " What did you want mo to do ?" " Can't you send him to Miss Freebody 1 She tells me that she is obliged to go back to Twickenham before Suuday, and, if so, he will be left alone again with llinna'i." "No, he must uot go back. That would bo worse for old Hannah's companionship. Miss Freebody has an elder siaier who is imbecile, and frightens poor Will noarly out of his senses. I only send him there when Lvdia is away." " Would you"—Philip made his suggestion diflideutly—" would you object to his coming dowu to Ladywell, to lileauor and myself—or to Cicely ! Wo should all do our beat for him." " I know you would," said Kinclake, turning away and drumming on the tablo somewhat moodily with his right hand, " but I don't think that it would do, Phil, thanks. I doubt whether you could got the boy down to Lady well now." "I suppose he would go if you sent him—if you told him ho must go." "I suppose he would." Kiuglake smiled at the expression. " It's a line of conduct I have very seldom adopted with Will, however, and 1 don't f«el ineliued to begin it now. Will has had his own way so long that I can't thwart him when—when perhaps I havo only a month or two of this world loft to me." " Nonsense," said Philip. "Keep up your heart, man." " I keep up my heart as much as I can, but it's 110 use to protest that facts are not ap parently against mo. I begin to see no way out of it," said Giles, rising ami pacing up ami down the narrow space afforded linn like a wild animal in a cage. " They mean to hang some body for Le Breton's murder, and Unless they prove that it was Joel Bray or somebody else they will hang 1110." " Have you thought of anybody else," said Philip, struck by a certain inflection in King lake's voice. • " Yes." " Who is it!" " I suppose you won't be offended if I toll you ?" " Is it likely ?" " Well," said Giles, facing his friend and looking at him steadily, " there is one man to whom I fancy it would be convenient if Le Bre ton M ere out of the way." " You mean Vargravo ?" Kinglako nodded, " I have thought of that myself," said Philip, meditatively. "I may be nncharitablo," continued Giles, pulling his brown beard as he spoke, and still looking at his friend, " but it seemed to me at the examination that thero was some animus in his way of stating the facts against mo. There was a show of fairness and moderation, no doubt: but, you know, JL'hil, his account of the hurt that Le Breton got from me in the lirst in wheu I struck him with my cane was im mensely exaggerated. Le Breton's faco cut open from chin to temple? Why, one would think that I was a brute? It is apparently just what they do think, by-the-bye." " Vargrave was in the wood by his own con fession," said Philip. "There was no one else." " Yes, there was someono olso. I saw another person wheu I had left Lo Breton. But I think that it was a. woman." "You did not mention that at the time ?" "It did not recur to my memory till after wards. Vargrave, a woman, and I in the wood together—which of us committed the murder? One of us, or a fourth person, unknown ?" "I can believe anything against Clifford Var grave," said Philip, with some heat of manner. "He is botli false anil cruel, but I doubt whether he had either strength or courage sufficient to attack a strongly-made man like Lo Breton with no other weapon than your stick. Besides, you have hoard what Finch says ! He does not believe the murder was committed with that stick at all. Ha says We shall see what the experts say about it. Ho thinks the blows were given with a much larger and blnntor weapon." "Possibly." Kinglake threw himself into a chair and sighed. " It's sickening work, Phil," he said, almost with a groan. " I know," said Philip, sympathetically, and he put his hand on Kinglake's shoulder. "But it would not bo so bad to bear," said Giles, still lookiug down, with a heavy frown upon his brows, " if it were not for that boy of mine at home. It's hard to think of a delicate little fellow like him being left to face the world alone, with no legacy but a father's shame." " No sham', Giles." " Shame in the world's eyes, is it not'! Will the world not brand him as the son of a murderer ? And—good God ! is it not possible that he may grow up—to—believe me—guilty ? Aud yet—God knows ray innocence ! He leant his elbows on the table and hid his face in his hand. His strong frame shook from head to foot, as a willow is shaken by a gust of wind. " Ho shall never believo it as long as lam living," said Philip, almost with anger. "But there is 110 need to think of that. We shall bring you through." "Look me i'a the face, Phil, said Giles, lifting his head from bis bauds; "and tell me honestly whether you think that I have a ghost of a chance." "Good heavens, yes; of course I do." "I do not," said Giles, turning away his head. Philip kept a reluctant silence. He wished to say something consolatory, but could think of nothing to say that would be strictly true. And Giles was in no mood for pretences. " If it does come about as I foresee," he began at last, "you won't leave Will to the Freebody's, will you, Lorraine? It would be the ruin of him, body and soul." " He should be as a child of ray own," said Philip iu a low voice. '11 thought I might rely on yon. Thank you, Phil. And "your cousin—perhaps your cousin He had not known that his voice was likely to break at the mention of Cicely Lorraine: but cer tain memories of her gracious kindliness, her frank, maidenly grace, her gay, innocent eyes, conjured up by the utterance of her name, over bore his self-command. He tried to conceal the sudden tremor in his voice; he cleared his throat once or twice, took a turn across the room and back again, but only succeeded in making it somewhat more marked, especially as he began his next sentence iu a peculiarly cheerful voice, with an entire change of subject. " I hear that my book is running through a new edition," he said. " People are reading it hard and fast, so that they may see whether it bears traces of the monstrous depravity at I tributed tpme. There will be quite a nice little sum waiting for "Will at my publishers. You'll havo to manage all that, you ltnoiv." riiilip followed his lead, and 110 more was aaid about Cicely, Hut ho pondored rather seriously over Kinglako'a uawouted show of emotion. " Do you want Will to come and see you?" ho asked towards the close of the intorview. Giles shook his head. No." " You don't?" " Would you like a son of youra to soo you in Newgate? Noj not until wo are obliged. Then I'll see him—otiee." " Qive me some message for him, thon," said Philip, " for I must bo going." "I havo 110 especial message except the old one. My lovo to him—that's all. And do any thing for his good and comfort that you think best, Lorraine, but don't send him to Twicken ham." Philip was considerably puzzled to know what to do, particularly when a scrawl from Hannah informed him that Master Will had fallen ill. Miss Freebody had gono hoinc, and she, Hannah, did not kuow what to do, for the boy was sull'ering from a low, nervous fever, wandered in mind at times, and could not bear to be left alone. I'hilip took his perplexities as usual to the Priory. Lady Eleanor vouchsafed him neither interest nor attention. " I must go to him," said Cicely, standing up and suddenly turuiug very white. " My dear Cicely you must do nothing of the kind," Phil answered with unusual decision. She looked at him piteously. " What harm could it do me?" shesaid. " There's notlihigiu fectious in his illness. It would only bo kind ness. Nobody would know." " Pauline, "said Philip, " toll her that she mustuotgo. You can make her understand." " Pauline will be ou my sido." said Ciculy, kneeling down bv WV». I-- Dmiuu, and reatiug i,\\*i uu.iiT against Mrs. Lo Breton' o ohimictur. 41 She will not oppose mo." " Yes, I shall, Cicely. You cannot go." " But some ono 'must go. We can't leavo little Will to lio there alono with nobody to nurse him but Hannah ! Hannah ! How can she nursu him, indeed ! And no one lias any right to stop me. If I choose to go, I will go !" " No, Ciccly, you will not be unreasonable. You could not goto nurso this poor little boy without making peop'.- talk about you. And yon know I have lived long enough iu the world to bo aware that you must not make peoplo talk aboub you." " It is a paltry reason," said Cicely. " No, it is a very good one. You must stay here and do your own duties. Now, I havo no duties." She stopped and looked from Philip to Cicely with a sad smile. " I shall make a hotter nnrse than Cicoly,"sho said. " But—it is impossible." '• No; the boy does not know me. I will go as a nurso merely, yon shall recommend me, Philip, and I will take good care of him until he ia better, or until his father comes home again." 1'liilip and Cicely glanced at each other. There was the same anxiety iu the mind of each. " Doir l'auiiao," said Cicaly, stroking tho older woman's thin hand and putting tho dis turbing thought irto words, "wo don't want you to go away from us." " I suppose you would think it ungrateful of me if I said that I wanted to co." "Not ungrateful—unkind to us, perhaps." "Well, dear, let luu bo unkind thou. I should like to go away—for i. time at least. It is painful to me to stay at Ladywell, where I always fancy that curious eyes are watching to sec how I bear my husband's death. It is a foolish fancy, is it not? By-and-byo 'I shall not feel it; but just now I should like to go where nobody knows me, and work a little i'or myself, and try to forget that I am that wretched thing—a woman with a history." They could not oppose her wishes when urged so earnestly. Philip agreed to help her in tho work thatshe had undertaken; she'should go up to London with him next day and spend a few days at least with Will. If she nursed him back to health and strength Philip knew that she would feel as if she had done something for the comfort of Giles Kinglake, to whom her husband's death had brought such trouble. So for a time sho vanished from Ladywell, and three persons only—Cicely, Eleanor and Philip—knew whither aho had gone. It seemed likely that the trial would be postponed for further evidence. Tho police thought that they had found a clue to Joel Bray's whereabouts, and his disippearanco was considered Bufficiontly significant to afford a reason for the postpone ment. Clifford Vargrave, lounging alone in his mother's house ono night read this item of news in an evening paper, aud. threw it away from him iu disgust. ! "To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow, ho said to himself. " Will these delays never come to an end ?" 1 His rooms were luxuriously appointed. Snow was lying on the ground without, a keen wind whistled through the London streets, but not a breath of cola coul.l penetrate through the heavy curtains, the closed shutters, the great stamped- leather screens by which Clifford ensured warmth and snuguess for himself in his own abode. And yet some memory, some chill doubt or fear, existed, sufficient at times to send a shiver through his whole frame, as though he were Buffering from the cold. lie was leaning back in a large velvet covered easy chair, with his arms crossed be hind his head; thelamplightfallingon itfromthe sconce in tho wall showed how worn were his features, how hollow the fine contours of his brow and cheek. There was an anxious look in his eyes; when seen in repose it was evident that a new expression was gaining ground in them—an expression of craft and subtlety which made their quick glance positively unpleasant to persons of even moderate sensibility. There was something watchful about them—some thing which betokened the uneasy mind of a man who is never off his guard. " Yes, these delays will be the ruin of me," he was thinking, "unless I take means to turn them to my own advantage. If it were not for those cursed debts, and those bills that I must take up, I could afford to wait. But I have been playing a risky game; I had better make what I can and get out of it. I'll let Deveril have his diamond after all—half-nrofits and 1 oxnenses according to agreement, I think. After the trial I'll go quietly off to the Mediterranean for the rest of the winter, or farther afield even to America or Japan. Japan would be a pleasantly interesting and not too exciting place of resi dence for a man with a jaded brain, and nerves which aro decidedly out of ordor. "Yea, it's plain that this business has played the very devil with my nerves. The scene iDthe wood—pah! it doesn't do to think about it! Tho sounds were worse than the sights. And then this uncertainty about the trial! By Jove, when I think of the way in which those lawyers will turn odd Deveril and Carnforth—hot to speak of Pauline J,e Breton and Lorraiue—in side out: when I think of Doveril's blundering and Carnforth's rash folly, backed up by the malice of the other two—it is as much as I can do to prevent myself making a bolt while I have time. And that is not what I should have said a year ago. But I am not afraid of what the lawyers will get out of me. I think I shall be a match for them ; and when that is over it will be long before London sees me again. If I never set foot in England again, I shall bo the better plcaeed. I loathe the sight of an Euglish land scape now." And then for a moment his thoughts travelled back to the picturesque little wood in which he had lain, face downwards on the bracken, trying to shut out the sights and sounds which had haunted his memory ever since. He came to himself with a shudder and a questioning glance round him, and thon changed his position. He stooped forward, and threw a log of wood upon the fire, then held his hands out to warm them before the leaping blaze. " What a fool I am ever to think of it!" ho said, looking down at the slender white fingers, which trembled a little as he extended them. " One would think that I had killed-him my self ! What could I have done to save him '! With the best will in the world I should have been absolutely useless. And it is no use deny ing that his death was a great stroke of hick for me." Then he mused and smiled. "They don't give fires in Newgate," he murmured, softl}'. " Kinglake will feel the cold on a night like this. No, I am not sorry for that part of the business. I wonder if Cicely has repented of her preference by this time. She can't marry him now at any rate. 1 wonder if I should have a chance if I tried again. I suppose Lorraine would spoil my game—Lorraine and i'rs. Le Breton between them. If I could do Lorraine a mischief I would most certainly embrace the opportunity." He smiled again, took up the poker, . and began to rake the embers with it, and to roatl just the fuel in the grate. His eyes were still fixed upon the blazing wood, as he said to "aim self with an accent of some amusement: "I suppose that I haw. the opportunity." Then he gave one final stroke to the log, and aent a stream of red sparks up the chimney be fore he laid the poker in its place. " I don't see why I should'nt take it," ho said, as if replying to the- arguments of 6ome unseen opponent. " It would do her no harm, and it would annoy him considerably. Philip Lorraine's annoyance would afford :ne a good deal of un mixed enjoyment. In a world where unmijeed enjoyments are vfcry few, audi an opportunity ia not lightly to lie passed l>y." A certain look of excitement had come into his face; His eyes kindled—<i slight flush rose to his eheek. I to begail to walk up and dotyu tho room, meditating an he walked. "It would be better than even Cicely and the Priory," lie thought, "where I should always havo been tied down by conventionalities and proprieties. That girl would have driven mo mad by her rustic airs and graces and attempts to lord it over me. I should have had to teach her her place, and there would havo been dis turbances. 1 made a mistake in not taking poor Nell when she was free. She worshipped me ; and we might have been happy enough together. I am pretty well tired of I'inglish lifo. This diamond business will bring mo in suiliuient for travelling and living abroad in a modest way ; oud I can go in for domesticity after a fashion —with the right woman. There would be no thing to keep mo in England—if nhe went with I me. And tho sooner we aro cut adrift from the old tics the hotter for 113 both." " To morrow I'll go down to Lady well and got the diamond, Tho boldest and simplest plans are tho belt in tho long run. Who would liavo thought that Doveril's Diamond has all this time been hi tho hands of Lady Kloauor Lorraine ? Phil would certainly be the last person to suspect it! But I shall have to be careful how I get it back, since Master l'hil has had the impudence to forbid mo his house. Not a bad idea to have it sent by post as .1 regis tered letter. But tho risk would perhaps be too great." "The dressing-bell aroused him from his reverie. lie dressed and went downstairs, wondering as I10 did so whether it would bo possible to obtain any further sums of money from liia mother for tliu settlement of his affairs. Me made himself exceedingly pleasant and amiable during tho meal ; I10 did not con tradict his mother, sneer at his sisters, not find fault with the cookery; and Lady Vargrave thought she had never seen her son more charm ingly affectionate. His elder sister regarded him with a auspicious oye. " Clifford wants something," she said to herself. And thoreforo she did not respond very readily to his ad vances. It was not until the servants had gone that she chose to make a communication which she thought would interest him. " I havo had a letter from Eleanor," she an nounced, in a stolid voice. "From Eleanor?" said Clifford, lifting I113 delicately arched eyobrowa. Then lie gavo his sistor a swift glance. " What is she writing to you about ?" he asked. " She wants me to find her a house," said Charlotto, perfectly unmoved by the con temptuous emphasis which ho put upon the pronoun. " A small house near London." " Not for herself, of course,' put in Lady Var;;ravc, in a warning voico. " For a friend." " She does not say," returned Charlotte, dis agreeably. "I thought sho was rather mys terious About it. And it was so odd that she should ask me to do anything for her when she behaved so badly to us—aud has not asked us down to Lady well once since her marriage, too 1" "I believe alio wants it for horself," said Gusaio. "Sho has quarrelled with Philip Lorraine and means to leave him." " Don't bo foolish, Gussic," said Lady Var gravo, sharply. " Mrs Penufather wrote to mo tho other day that the Lorraine's were per fectly devoted to one another." Clifford oould not resist a sneer. The de votion must be of recent growth," he said. But they could extract nothing more. His efforts to get money from his mother were utterly unavailing. Sho had none to spare, and, in fact, none which she could legally touch for his benefit. "The question is settled," said Clifford to himself, as ho went upstairs that night with rather a dark look upon his brow. • " I am to be an honest man after all, and1 give^ Doveril back his own—or half of it. So Nollis thinking of the house that she will take, is she ? I will go to the Grange in spite of Phil Lor raine." (To be continued.) 