TIE AND TRICK.' By Hawley Smabt. Author of 'Breezie Langton,' 'Broken Bonds, Social Sinners,' ' The Great Tontine,' etc.) The author is undeniably one of the most enter taming novelists of the day. In the " melodramatic story" he makes a new departure. Much has been sung and written on Italian brigands, from "Fra Diavolo" downwards, but never has so graphic and picturesque a description of their manner of life been given as in the present book.' — ' Morning Post.' Chaptbb XLIX.— How Sound are Their Slumbers. Forty-eight hours after Hammerton's interview with the Count, he received a visit from Chisel. The valet had occasionally called before to know if there was any news of bis master, and upon this ocoasion he sent up not only hiB name, bnt a note to say that his business was urgent. Hammer ton ordered him to be shown up, and Chisel said at once — 'I am afraid, Captain Hammerton, there is mischief brewing. Ton know, sir, before you arrived in Naples I had been urging the poliee to search for my master, but after you told me that I wa endangering hiB life by so doing, I never went near them. Well, sir, there wae one of the subordinates there who spoke a few words of English who used to be very civil to me, and he. promised to let me know when they heard of anything. He came down this morning to see me, and told me I should soon see my master now, as the police had sent a great expedition, headed by about the cleverest man amongst them, to capture Patroeeni and all his band, and, when 1 hinted that Count Patrooeni, by all acoounts, was a hardish nut to orack, he told me their men were in such force as to make any resistance on the part of the brigands hopeless.' The fools 1 the madmen !' exclaimed Hammerton, ' the brigands are muoh too alert, and know the country much too well to be surprised by the gendarmerie. The sole result of their interference will be the murder of the prisoners. There is only one thing for it, I must get a hack and make my way thither as quickly as possible,' and Ham merton at once rang the bell and gave the necessary order to the attendant. Pleasant this,' he thought. 'If I do not get there before the polioe, I shall naturally be regarded both by Patroeeni and his prisoners as their betrayer. I played Wbel- drake a pretty seurvy trick that night at Wrottriey, bnt then he stood between me and thirty thousand pounds. Since then he has risked his life for mine, and I can't let him nor the others die with the belief that their blood is on my head. No, if horseflesh and my legs can do it, I must be on that plateau before the police.' In vain did Chisel beg for ieave to accompany him. Hammertoe curtly refused that request. 1 No,' he said ; one man will attraot less attention. I will go alone, but remember if I should not return you will bear witness that I never went near the police, but did my very beBt to prevent the catastrophe of their coming.' Another minute and Hammerton was in the saddle, ard speeding as fast as his horse could carry htm upon the road to Pompeii. As he passed through it he noticed that there were no gendarmes abont, and he had heard at Naples for 6ome days past there had been a strong pest of them there, for the purpose of patrolling the road to Amalfi. Tes, he had no doubt that Chisel's information was true, and that all these men were now moving up to surprise Patroceni's camp. He con tinued to push on as quickly as possible, showing very little mercy to the horse he was riding. He had diverged now from the high road, and waB making his way across the hills towards the dark woods he could see in the distance. At last he reached the shepherd's hut, where Wheldrake had slept with his aaptors on his way to the camp. There he was confronted by Giovanni. The bandit had paused there for a short rest, and was engaged in conversation with two or three comrades who ware there, as a sort of outlying picket. They were listening in tently to the news that Giovanni brought. No sooner did the bandit catch sight of Hammerton than be aroBe and advanced to wards him in a threatening manner. Bat the Captain, throwing up his hands in sign of amity, and being moreover quite unarmed, the ruffian withdrew his hand from his poignard. In his broken Italian, Hammer ton succeeded in making Giovanni under stand that he had urgent business with the Coant, and then again one of the soi dlsant shepherds reoognised the Captain as heviDg lately been one of his Excellency's visitors. So, taking into consideration that he was unarmed and alone, Giovanni thought there would be no harm in acceeding to Hammer ton's request that he should accompany him to the camp. That bandit was soon ready to start again, and they pushed forward on what was the more intricate part of their journey. It soon became evident that the English man was far the fresher of the two men. In the first place, he had led a far healthle- life of late than Giovanni, and in the second place the bandit was weighted besides with the effects of the serious illness that had followed upon the results of Patroceni's rough treatment. Then, again, Hammerton had come all the first part of his journey on horseback, not having abandoned his orueily grnelled hack till reaching that hut. Those elaborate luncheons at the ' Golden Bush ' began to tell their tale on the hillside, and the brawny bandit drew his breath with many a sob. Hammerton oast impatient glances at his companion and urged upon faim the necessity of greater speed. ' It is of no use,' gasped the bandit. ' I can go no quicker. I am pretty near finished as it is.' 'But the case is urgent,' rejoined Ham merton. ' The polioe are on oar heels, and the Count and your comrades must have warning.' Push on by yourself, then,' cried the panting Giovanni. I tell you again I can go no quicker, and am nearly worn out. Sur< ly the road is olear enough to you now.' ' Point it out,' answered Hammerton, briefly. ' You see that stunted tree to the right,' rejoined Giovanni, stopping and throwing himself on the ground, ' keep just inside that. You can see the edge of the woods already. When you are past the tree keep as straight for them aB you can, bearing, if anything, a trifle to the right. When you near them look for a big boulder. There are several smaller scattered abont, all of the same size ; but you must look for one double the size of ite fellows. Just behind that you will find a narrow path through the woods. Yon oan hardly mistake your way, and when you come to the spring turn to your left, and in a couple of hundred yards or so you will hit the brook, follow that upwards, and it will lead you into the camp.' All this took some little time to explain, and when Hammerton was about to start again Giovanni sprang to his feet and pro tested that be wonld go with him, but it was an expiring effort. Before he had proceeded a quarter of a mile his endeavours to keep pacs with bis companion had completely exhausted him. He once more threw him self on the ground and cried, ' Go on, never mind me. One caution only — answer pretty quickly when challenged, for onr people are apt to be pretty handy with their guBs to night visitors. Hammerton poshed steadily forward until he came to the bonlders. It took him some few minutes to fiod the king stone. That found, he speedily discovered the path Giovanni had described, and pursued it at the best pace till he came to the spring. By this time it had grown so dark that he was afraid to leave it, and sat himself down by its side till the moon should have risen a little higher in the heavens. According to bis directions, he should now leave the path and penetrate through some two hundred yards of wood until he hit the stream. But without a little more light it was very easy to get turned round and lose all knowledge of the compass in that Ehort distance, so he wisely determined to remain where be was. Fatigued with his exertion, he stretched himself by the spring, and in a few minutes fell asleep. About the time that Wheldrake sad Glanfield were bidding a last good- bye to the women they loved on the plateau, and walking back to their tent made their grim final preparations, incumbent, as a rule, on men doomed to die at daybreak, Hammerton stretched himself and a woke. The moon shone gorgeously by this, and he had no w little diffi culty in striking the brook. In accordance with his directions he followed it opwards, but had not gone twenty paces before he became aware of a man leaning his back against a tree, and apparently buried in profound slumber. His gun lay on the ground by his side. And his arms bung loose and nerveless aaross his body. He advanced oautiously towards him, but the man showed no signs of awaking, and speedily he jumped to the conclusion that this was one of the cordon of sentries, whom slumber had overtaken. What should he do? To pass him might be dangerous. To awake him was more so. There is a proverb about ' letting sleeping dogs lie,' but Hammerton thought his presence within the sentries, unless duly annonnoed, might be more perilous. He deoided to awake him. Getting between the man and his gun, he put his hand quietly on his shoulder. He slept ou unconsciously . He shook him, but still, so sound with his slumber, without effect. Suddenly a thought flashed across him. Could be be dead ? He tore open his jacket, placed his hand to bis heart, and his ear to his month. No, the heart beat steadily, if feebly, and the breath came regular, if low. It was like the dis covery of one of the seven sleepers. Slowly following the stream, in about another hundred yards, Hammerton came to another brigand in like case with his comrade. He shook him similarly, but with no effect. What could it all mean ? A little further and be came to the stoneB that crossed the brooklet. He passed to the other side, and found himself iu the midst of a group of a dozen or fourteen bandits buried in slumber so profound that not one of them moved a finger at his presence amongst them. He made his way quietly to the plateau, and, pausing for a moment under the shadow of tho wood, considered what he had better do. He knew these men were fond of wine, but it was impossible they could all be so utterly overcome as this by any ordinary drinking bout. The best thing he could do, he thought, was to go boldly across the plateau straight to Patrooeni's tent. He moved. Just as be was about to step forward a footstep on the turf, at his side, made him start, and before he could well distinguish the new comer a strong band gripped him by the throat, and he felt the cold barrel of a pistol pressed against his temples. Chapter L. — Death op Giovanni. ' You had better go quietly, signor, for I am in little mood to be trifled with. Make the slighest resistance and you will die.' ' I have no intention of making any resistance,' replied Hammerton quietly, comprehending Sarini's speech more by his action than his words.' You will come, then, to his Excellency and Sarini, assured that his prisoner meant no resistance, released his grip, with the comforting assurance that he would shoot him at the slightest Bign of any endeavour to esoape. They traversed the plateau rapidly, and in a few moments stopped at the door of Patrooeni's tent. Still keeping a vigilant eye on his prisoner, Sarini sharply called : ' Your Exoellenoy ! Your Excellency 1' The Oouot was a light sleeper, and in a moment he appeared at the door, already dressed. 4 What is it ?' he demanded. ' We knew that we were betrayed, but the enemies are rather closer to ne than we thought. Our fellows are all drunk. I have just been round the camp for the second time to-night, and there is no rousing them. I can't understand it. ; They were drinking when I went my rounds the first time, and I cautioned them that there were hawks abroad, and they were to have a care not to drink too deeply. Two or three of them might have forgotten the eaution, but I cannot understand their all being in such a state of utter insensibility.' 'Captain Hammerton,' said the Count, sharply, 'you've been rash to venture once more into the tiger's den. We agreed once before that you would not stick at trifles to lay your hand upon thirty thousand pounds. It is a bold game, but it's like to be a fatal one to you. Well thought out, well thought out. Win your cousin's band or not, Sir Jasper was bound to do something pretty liberal for the man who dared so much tc save him thirty thousand pounds.' ' You mistake me altogether, Count. I have risked my life, I know—risked it not to keep faith with yoo, but for the sake of those whose lives you hold in your hand.' 'Thanks for your information,' sneered the Count, 'I discovered that for myself when I had the pleasure of seeing you in Naples ; even conversed with the police spy, who is fool enough to think that he has circumvented Patroeeni. Come to warn me, forsooth ! Yon have come with the polioe at your heels. Hold, Sarini. I will go round for myself. You will take care of our enter prising friend here. If he moves a finger yon will know what to do and the Count rapidly crossed the plateau. He came first to the sleeping group, opposite the stepping Btones of the brook. He looked around at the scene of the revel — half-empty wine flasks, tin pannikins in which the liqnor still stood. Patroeeni shook two of the sleepers. ' As I thought,' he muttered. Then, stooping down, he raised one of the half filled pannikins to his lips and tasted it. Again he rinsed his mouth with the contents, then spat it cautiously out on the grass, Drugged! And pretty stiffly, too. A clever plant. That agent of police who planned this coup is rather cleverer than I gave him credit for. How did he get his wine into the camp?' And, pondering over that problem, the Coant orossed the stream and proceeded further down the opposite bank. He came one after the other to the sentries that Hammerton had passed, and, striking across to the spring, followed the track towards the boulders some little distance. He listened attentively for quite ten minutes, but no sound reached his ear save the faint rustling of the trees. Then Patrooeni turned back and rapidly went round amongst his men. He found them all more or less senseless. Some of them, indeed, when shaken, awoke for two or three minutes and made some attempt to rise ; but the fatal lethargy soon overtook them again, and they sunk back to resume their disturbed slumbers. ISome there were who were no more to bs roused from their insensibility than sq many corpses. A frightful imprecation escaped Patroceni's lips as ne recognised the crafty treachery that had been practised on him, and he made his way back to the tent in a frame of mind that boded small mercy for his prisoners. He entered the tent where Sarini, pistol in hand, was keeping grim watch upon his captive. 4 It is as you said,' he exclaimed. ' Treachery foul and ingenious haB been practised on us. Oaptain Hammerton, if you would make your, peace with the Church you bad best do it to-night. You will die with your comrades at daybreak.' ' I have been fool enough,' rejoined Ham merton, ' to do my best to warn you of the approach of the police. I suppose I shall pay the penalty for having tried to behave honestly to you for once There is one thing, Count, make no mistake about it. What ever blood you shed here is likely to be speedily avenged. I know the state of your followers, and onoe more warn you, as I did before, that the polioe will be upon you before many hours have passed. Fly ! leave us, and trnst to me that the money shall be paid, wherever you choose to name.' ' Trust to you,' interposed Patroeeni, soornfully. ' It would argue muoh want of Intelligence if I did. No. Your plan wae ingenious, but Sarini and myself are old con spirators. I do not intend you should live to enjoy the profits of your treachery. There will be little fear,' he continued with a sneer, ' of your imitating Isoariot now. The ending of his history is just the part yon would omit.' And as he finished the Coant made a sign to his lieutenant, who promptly pinioned Hammerton's arms from behind. ' Don't struggle,' said Patrooeni, we are two armed and determined men, and of course can kill you now if we wish to. It iB better to wait a few honre and see whether luck may not tarn in your favour. In the meantime when the prisoners outnumber the garrison it is only oommon prudence to bind them.' And in another minute or two Hammerton found his anna pinioned behind his back. That done the Count pouted to his bed, and bade him take the rest he must require. Tired and worn out, as he was, in spite of the discomfiture of his bonds, Ham merton was soon' asleep. Giovanni in the meanwhile, after a ehort nap, in some measure recovered from his fatigue, pushed rapidly forward, passed the boulders, followed the track up to the fountain, struck off through the wocd, and ;.g Hammerton had done some two hours before him, came to the first sentry on the brook. Like Hammertoe), he was astounded at the stupor in which he found him, and his amazement waB still further increased by discovering the next in pretty much tho same state. But when he had orossed the brook his astonishment knew no bounds. He gazed critically at the relies of the revel, ft»d a fear came over him as the insensible forma of his oomrades met his eye. Giovanni oould certainly claim to be a judge of drunken ness in all Its phases, but as he Bhook first one and then another of his fellows, and ''h failed to rouse them from their heavy tranoe. a feeling of terror came over him. 1 This ia not drunkenness, ' he muttered, turning white almost to his lips, and kneeling down by tho prostrate form of his old friend Pietro. Santa - , Diavolo 1 they are poisoned, Once more - ' looked around, and a wine flask at Pietroe 5 Bide met his eye. He raised it, and undec - any other oircumBtanoes would have probably have swallowed the remainder oi ita contente, as it was, he gazed at it curiously, and promptly recognised that it was one of that pattern of which the Signet Stein had been ao lavish. He understood it now. Pietro had invited his oomrades to have a boat over the last basket that he, Giovanni, had forwarded. Mereiful heavens I that wine must have been poisoned. That villainous old man had dealt with hia brethren as if they were rats. He sank on his knees in the extremity of his terror. This man whose life had been Btained with crime, who had only recently committed a double murder, now cowered in unutterable hcrror at the thought of having been, though unwittingly, the destroyer of all his companions. « They were good to me, seme of them,' he muttered. « If it had not been for Pietro and two or three more, I should not be alive to poison men like rats, I have slain more than one in my time, bnt it was by bullet or steel. I never sent on8 to big grave in such cowardly fashion as this. Holy Virgin, the place will haunt me. I shall see it in my dreams, and their ghosts will point and gibber at me from the brookside here. I who have broke bread and drank with them', to poison their wine cup and the terrified maa literally grovelled on the ground at the idea of the death piagne he had scattered round him. 'Are they all dead,' he murmured. ' Surely His Exoellenoy did not touch it. And Signor Sarini ? He must be alive. What am I to do ? I dare not go forward, the way seems strewn with corpses, as if Mstteo and that miserable woman were not enough to see in the night time. He died bard, did Matteo ; but it served him right. No fault of his, be did not cause my death. I did his, and, coward as he was, how he fought 1 But I was mad with drink that night, and my eyes red with blood. I'd have killed him had he been twice as strong ; and that fool of a woman, what impelled her to come upon the tiger just as he had struck down his quarry ? Well, she died too !' He uttered the last words half unoor- eoiously aloud. A mocking voice prompt' y answered him. ' Don't fret yourself on that point, Giovanni, You are about to follow them.' And on his knees, the bandit saw his chief standing a few paces from him, with his pistol levelled at his head. 'This, you scoundrel, is, I presume, your work. I saw you myself at Naples in close conversation with the police. It is through your means they have introduced this half-poisoned stuff into the camp, whereby you co- sign the whole of your oomrades to the grave or the galleys. It was foolish of me to give yon such a slight chance for your life as I gave you last time. I might have known if yon lived I should repent it. Don't think I am going to make that mistake again.' 'You saw me in Naples, Excelienza?' stammered Giovanni. 'Yes. You've not forgotten the Golden Bush, I should thiuk. Perhaps you remem ber the dumb pedlar, who Bat at the next table to you at lunoheon. I was that pedlar, and the man you were lunching with wae a polioe agent. Quick ! Yoor time is short. Was it not you sent this wine?' Yes, your Excellency, but I knew not that it was anything but good wipe.' Giovanni was muoh lees terrified at the wrath of his chief than at the phantoms his imagination had oonjured up just before. 'And that pleasant old gentleman with the spectacles gave it you to send, I suppose.1 ' Si ExctUenza' replied Giovanni. ' Then, go as herald to those whom your drunken stupidity has doomed to destruc tion;' and, as he finished, the Count's revolver oraoked sharp and shrill ; and Giovanni had preoeded his comrades across the Styx. 1 There will bs no resurrection this time.' The Count's bullet had sped straight and true, and Giovanni fell hack, shot through the heart. Chapter LI. — Leboux Arrives at the Plateau. As Giovanni relied over, a veritable corpse among so many apparent ones, Leroux, with bis men, had reached the edge of the woods. There he halted his main body whiles, with hie eoouts, he sought for the path, of whose existence be was now aware. From one or two frightened peasants whom he hud The proprietors of the "Weekly Times" have jttnhased the right of publishing this novel in prisoners on the way he had extracted a very fair Idee of t e way to Patrooeni'e retreat. He had made no mistake eo far, bat it was Jast this last bit through the woods that was difficult to follow without a guide. There was a delay ot some time before the scouts discovered it, and the mooolight was waning when he finally plunged amid the trees. The moBt dangerous part of hiB enterprise had now oommenoed ; the narrow path only permitted of their proceeding two abreast. The dark hoar before the mora was approaching, and they were liable to he attacked by in- 'ririble foes at almost any moment. Leroux fancied he had heard a shot when tbey first same up to the woods, bat it was so faint Kid far away that he ooold not be eare. The report of a revolver does not echo very far. Slowly and cautiously tbey made their way along-— finger on trigger, and with eyea peering into the darkness. Leroux led the way in person. The wine might or might not have done its work. Suoh a wary old fox as Patroceni might ha ve-disoovered ibis hamper coming into his oamp, and would be certain to examine it. At last they arrived at the fountain. There the path apparently ended, as the police agent had been correctly informed it would. Leroux koew now that he waB very near the brigands' camp, and that the greatest caution and complete silence were absolutely necessary. It had now become so very dark that Leroux determined to wait for daybreak. He was quite tactician enough to know that he coald not atilise his superiority in nambers, except in the opes. A very inferior force, knowing the ground, and attacking him here amongst the trees, would be quite on an equality with him. He calculated that the first streaks of grey would appear in tbe sky In half an hour. As soon as it was fairly light — that is, in about an hoar, he would feel his way to the brook, collect his men on the edge of it, and then make a bold rush at the plateau. If tbe drugged wine had been partaken of the work would be easy, but it was hardly likely that so noted a bandit as Patroceni would be taken without some bloodshed. It could hardly be hoped that he, &b; well as all his men, would have fallen into the insidious trap that had been laid for them. Having enjoined the strictest eilqnoe on all his followers, Leroux eat quietly down by the fountain to wait for the light. Leaving the polioe agent and hie men bivouaoking by the fountain, we must now look back upon what is happening in the eamp. After the death of Giovanni, the Count and Sarini walked quietly back to the former's tent. 4 We must leave this at daybreak, he said ; it's tbe cleverest snare that ever was set for me, I shall make an example before I go. The polioe must be made to understand that brigandage is a profession, not to be rashly meddled with. There are too many politic 1 exiles dependent npon it for a living.' ' Are ell the men to die, Excellency ?' 4 No; I think not. We will give Sir Jasper and his old fool of a butler their lives. They will be some oonsol&tion; to the women Until the police come up. They will be here most likely as the day wears on. Of the two men who have betrayed us, one has died, the other expiates bis treachery at sanrise The 8ignors Glanfield and Wheldrake, I regret it, but they must suffer as examples in accordance with the Iewb of the mountains. But, Sarini, we must not forget that there are only our two selves now' to administer justice. Don't think me a etiokier for etiquette, my old oomrade, but you know in the ordinary way we should have paraded the three culprits in a row, bandaged their eyes, unless they professed to be able to look into tbe levelled carbines without blenching, and shot them in orthodox fashion. As it iB we must first of all dispose of Hammer- ton, and we must deal with the other two, in less military fashion ; even when unarmed I have seen men think it worth while to make a tbrow for their li es, and that there are only two of ub might encourage these perverse Englishmen to attempt snob folly.' 4 It will make very Htt'e difference, Ex- cellenay. It may give a hitle more trouble, and if you and I can't deal as we list with a oouple of nnarmed men, then the training of years goes for o ught. Our nerves are little likely to fail us at the sight of some light difficulty. ' 4 True ; and now off with you ! We've time to spare yet, and I've some few pre parations to make here before we start.' Gould Patroceni have he&id; the conversation Carried on in an undertone in the adjoining lent he might have been confirmed in his opinion, that these perverse Englishmen Were likely to give trouble. Glanfield had been roused from a fitful slumber by the report of Patrcceni's pistol. He at ouce shook his oompaoion. 4 Did you hear that,' he said. 4 It was a hot dose to the oamp. Of course, it may mean anything. It may mean that one of our drunken captors has discharged bis gun by accident; it may mean that one of their sentries has mistaken a bush for a police officer ; it might be that most dangerous of Bli things — soldiers advancing to release us, It is not likely ; but there may be a turn-up in our favour before to morrow. We are not trnekout of all engagements yet.' 'Not quite yet, Jim,' replied Wheldrake, With a faint smile. 4 Such a very few weeks iiaek, and I would have cared eo iitt'e, ii it Ware eo, but it seems bard now. Life looks eo rosy before one. I am assured of Maude's love. I bave only, on my return to England, fto find Hammerton's confederate to dear my good name. That should be eaty. Ye life 1b Bweet tome! It- it bitter to die now.' Glai field put his glass in his eye, and leisurely surveyed his companion for a moment. 'Shake hands, old fellow, he said. 4 Those re about my feelings, only. I should have expressed it as a deuce of a sell. I'll tell you what, Cyrii, I don't see why we shouldn't trike a blow for onr lives, if we see a chanoe.' 4 We are more morally fettered, Jim, than If 1 tve J Were bound band and foot; The! digbfe-t attempt of that kind night cost " llel-Vr» of there very dear to us. A mor s ' fiithiess tiger than Patroceni, in spile of all bi« purring, never existed. Let bis prey Aetiapu ivm and ho will , rend all within hi mgch. 'Nh, it's i>&rd;» hut we must die flQiv'lf r < Don't be afraid bht what I'll die quietly enough if it oomes to that,' replied Glanfield, doggedly, 4 hut if I see a twenty to one ohanec for out lives I mean to take it. Even Patro ceni would neter be tiger enough to barm euraweetbearts, and don't you think tbey would bid us strike a blow to save ourselves if we got a fair chance.' You have no business to endanger their safety,' replied Wheldrake, sternly. 4 There is no use quarreling over it.'replied Glanfield. ' I am not going to do anything r«sh, and it is long odds against me getting a obanoe to do anything at all. But remem ber, if I do holloa to you, you can stand out of it or not as you like, bat you will see a fight.' Wheldrake made no reply, but threw him self moodily on tbe bed. Tbe faintest streak of dawn oould be first seen in the sky from the plateau, invisible to Leroux and his men amongst the woods. But the polioe agent had become restless, and whispered to the captain of the gendarmerie acting under his orders tofremam where he wss whilst he crept a little way forward to explore. He took two or three of hiB own men with him, and then carefully taking his bearings started in the direction of the brook. At an interval of about fifty paces he dropped a man to ensure his being able to find his way back, with instraotions to reply immediately to a low whistle. He was surprisingly fortunate, for by the time he had dropped his last man he had hit off the brook. Cautiously he crept along its bank until he came to that first insensible sentry. Leroux'8 pulses tingled. The men seemed sound asleep; how sound? Could this be the first of his victims ? Drawing a poignard from his breast he advanced stealthily to the sleeper's side. He slept soundly, but he must know how soundly. Gripping his dagger close he placed his hand upon his shoulder. It was well for that sleeper he bad drank deeply of the cup. Had he suddenly displayed active animation L8roux'e poignard would have been buried i ? his breast- But no ; he was as senseless as the tree agaiost « hich be leaned. Leroux sbook him roughly, and still he moved not. Then the police agent uttered a iiw laugh, and, turning on his heel, wended his way quietly back to his men. Leaving tha scouts he had ' placed where they were, no sooner did Leroux reach tha fountain than, placing himEelf at the head of hie party, he gave the word to move on, and rapidly led them to tbe banks of the stream, cautiously proceed ing them a few yards. Quietly they crept along the bank, tbe police agent as he passed the insensible sentry, signing to his men to bind him. When they came to tbe second Leroux's heart beat high. No doubt now that his stratagem had succeeded. Qaietly he made hie way till he came to the stepping stonee ; then he crossed. It was daybreak on the plateau and, as he cleared the brook, which ran along the extreme edge of the wood he came across the scene of that feral revel, fatal in appearance as that of the famojs banquet of the veiled Prophet cf Khorassan. Leroux held up his hand as a I signal for those behind him to halt, and then I stepped forward to investigate affaire. From where the brigands had held, wnat was destined to be the final drinking bout for most of them, the ground ran with a gentle slope up to the edge of the plateau, so that a man could move about without seeing anything that was going on just above him, nor be seen from that little bit of table land. unless by some one on its edge. The wily police agent took in the whole soene aft a glance. The half finished wine flasks, the half-emptied pannikins, the drunken revellers strewn around, looking as if dead. All this,' mattered Leroux to himself, 4 the simple result of a well administered opiate. Ah,' he said, with a low langh, 4 quite a new departure in the profession — tha calling ia of medical soien e to aid in the apprehension of criminals.' Bat suddenly Giovanni's form oaught his eye. ' That one is not drugged,' he muttered, 4 he's dead in good earnest.' In a moment he was by his side, and turned up his face. 4 Mon Dieu !' he murmured, as the first freeh rays of the sun fell on the np- turned features of thj dead bandit, 4 My valued friend with the irrepressible thirst ! Quick as thought he drew baok the dead man's eyelid; but the fierce light of the savage orbs was quenched. A slight welling of bio d from Giovanni's chest showed how he had come by bis end. 4 Shot for his treachery, no doubt,' mused Leroux, as he stepped quietly baok to his party. His orders were now prompt and decisive Rapidly and noiselessly they crossed the stream and spread themselves out under the erest of the elope, with strict orders to advance with a rush the mionte Leroux gave the signal, then the police agent crept oautiously forward, raised his head above the crest, -and saw a sight that for the moment enchained him. Standing bareheaded, with his armB pinioned behind hie back, was Hsmmerton, and Leroux's astonishment at seeing here a man whom he believed to be in Naples was un bounded. Six paces in front of H&mmerfton;, pistol in hand, stood the peasant whom he bad taken out boating, while a second peasant was anxioasly listening to what tbe first was saying. (to be continued.) 