PRIMITIVE METHODIST SABBATH SCHOOL, EAGLEHAWK. The laying of the memorial stones of the addi tions to the above school took place yesterday in the presence of a large number of people. Shortly after two o'clock the scholars attending the school, together with their teachers and friends, met at the schoolroom and, headed by the Primitive Methodist Brass Band and the school's banner, they paraded the principal streets of the borough. At half-past three o'clock they assembled at the Town Hall, where Dr. Porter, of the Baptist Church, Sandhurst, delivered one of his char acteristic addresses, his subject being " Chris tianity." The procession then returned to the schoolroom, where the event of the day took place. A temporary platform was erected on which were accommodated the Revs. Bray, H. Robinson, Evans, Dr. Porter, Crs. J. J. Hall, Mouat and Kneebone, and Messrs R. Suggert, J. H. M'Coll, and Roper. The Rev. Mr Bray conducted the proceedings, which were opened with the singing of the hymn " In mercy save our growing youth, and ever guide them in Thy truth," after which the Rev Dr Porter engaged in prayer. The Rev. Mr Robinson having read a portion of the 103rd Psalm,' The Rov Mr Bray read apologies for thoir un avoidable absence through pressure of Parliamen tary duties, from the hon. L). C. Sterry, M.L, C , and Messrs C. Yeo, J. M. Highett and l)r Quick, Ms.L.A. Tho speiker was glad, however, to bo able to inform those present that although these gentlemen had been unable to attend, they had shown practical evidence of their sympathy with tho movement which had brought them together that day. While regretting the hon. Mr Sterry's absenco, he was pleased to be in a position to say that they had found a very able substitute in the parson of Mr R. Suggort. It afforded him much pleasure to bo able to boar testimony to the ster ling worth of both the gentlemen who wore to lay the memorial stones, Messrs J. J. Hall and R. Suggort, than whom he thought it would bo difficult to find two other better fitted to perform such a ceremony. Thoy had both evinced a lively intereatjin the welfare of the school for years past, and ho regretted to hoar that Mr Hall had decided upoa leaving Eagiehawk to reside in Sandhurst. Speaking in referenco to the matter which had brought thorn together, tho rev gentleman said that the Primitive Methodist connection now has 4,026 sabbath schools with over 00,000 teachers and four hundred thousand scholars. The Melbourne schools have 6,700 scholars, while at Eagiehawk they hava ovor S00. Tho school was established in the borough 20 years ago, and for some time past thoy had felt the necessity for enlarging the old building. At last they had decided to lengthen it by 20 feet, making a total of 70 feet, besides classrooms at the roar. This had involved an outlay of £300, and he considered that by a united effort they should bo able to raise that amount by tho time tho school is re- oponed. Cr. J. J. Hall and Mr R. Suggert, in a few ap propriate remarks then declared tho stones well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. While the collection was being taken up, tho band rendered several selections of music in a very creditable style. Mr J. H. M'Coll followod with an interesting address on Sabbath school work. The Rev. Mr Bray announced that when they commenced the additions they had £10 in hand, the collecting books since then showed that over £100 had been recoivod, wliilo the collections that day amounted to £18, including £10 103 from Mr Suggert, and £5 os from Mr Hall. The announce ment was received with applause. Cr. Mouat having delivered a brief address, the proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to those gentlemen who had taken part in the ceremony, 011 the motion of the Rev. Mr Evans, seconded by Cr. Kneebone. The contractor for the orection of tho additions is Mr Mills, and it is expected that tho work will be finished in live or six weeks. Tho tea meeting, which was held in the Town Hall, proved all unqualified suceoss, upwards of 500 partaking of an excellent toa. The tables wero prosided over by Mesdames Bray, Elder, Taylor, Downes, Thomas, lCddie, and the Misses Ross, Marshall, Berriman (3), Gunnell, Dixon (2), Brinkman (2), and Suggert. Subsequently a public meeting was hold, at which there was a large at tendance, every seat being called into requisition. Appropriate addresses wero given by the Revs Messrs Robinson, Allan, and Bray, Capt, Dunstan, and others. 