The V.S.C. SoriHs Meetinsr. By MaetiudaijE. (Fbom: thb Town akd Couhtbt Jouekjui.) After the lapse of a fortnight the sporting public of the southern capital appeared to have thoroughly recovered from1 the friait'they got over the Caul field Cup, and we now very rarely hear it mentioned. The jockeys, however, that were iniured have not yet recovered, -though they are well t-n the' way to convalesence. That accident I am quite Bure has made a difference to more than one race at the coming Fleming-ton meeting, as it caused the absence of the bestweight-for-age horse, Sardine. With fine weather the attendance upon each day will, no doubt, be very -numerous, the going- fast, and thn various events keenly contested. Those events that interest our colony most are the Maribyrnong Plate, Derby, Melbourne Cup, and Oaks, as in these four events we have several good and heavilv^backed candidates. The Maribyrnong Plate and Derby are contested on Saturday, forming the fourth and sixth events in the day's programme. Leaving the Derby so late in the day is hardly good policy, in my opinion, and I have heardit adversely commented uponm sporting circles. The day's proceedings open with the all-important weight-for-age mile and a quarter event, the Mel 'bourae Stakes. The best- looking trio, to my fancy, are Honeydew, Liverpool, and Welcome Jack,* and to select one Ishallgo for Hone ydew. The Hotham Han dicap will no doubt provide a grand finish between Minerva, Cerise and Blue, Comet, Doncaster, and Anglesey. The winner may turn up in Mineena. The weight-for-age HurdleE ace looks a good thing for The Agent, though Agitation and Duration are both good ones. Next comes the great two-years-old event of the year, the Maribyrnong Plate. There is little doubt in my mind but what the great amount of early two-years-old racing is telling its tale upon this event, and the days of numerous fields is past. If twenty-one start 1 think it will be as many as will, and on public form it looks to be narrowed down to the following— Acme, Halcyon, Blairgowrie, Damocles, The Nun, Chesham, Louise Berfca, Made lina, and Trojan; while on the private training the only ones appear to be Philip Augustus and Essie. If we take the betting market as a guide then Acme must win, and those who haye backed her have good public form upon their side. In the Richmond Stakes run for at Eandwick she won easily, as it was my opinion she would. She, how ever, got well away, and Tom Hales had none the worst of the start in the Great Foal Stakes, which she won at Caulfield by a short half length from Jlunwytirna and The Nun, when they finished a dead heat. Many good judges were of opinion that she only just got home upon that occasion, and I do not think she had anything to epare. Had Damocles got away in that race, I think he would have beaten the lot, as lie pave ample evidence on the following Saturday that he possesses no end of pace. Mr. Forrester's Halcyon has exhibited good pace each time he has started, and the way he comes at the finish would lead to the belief that five furlongs will suit him better than four. Blairgowrie is, with out doubt, a good colt, but I think hardly good enough, and unless Yellow Jacket can show vastly better form than he did at Caulfield in the Nursery Handicap, his chance appears to he a very poor one. My Lady was coming on well, when she took a very severe cold, and little has been seen of her sinoe. On the training ground I have twice seen Essie defeat Halcyon over the five furlongs, and on bis private form nothing pleasea me so much as Philip Augustus. By the above it will be seen that I taink the best are Acme, Damocles, Halcyon, Essie, Philip Augustus, and Louise Berta, and I Philip Attgttsttts - will be the actual winner. By the way, I must not forget to tell that I dreamt that Telephone won. Dreams aTe very fashionable now, and it would be hard lines if I could not haye one. I should not care $ about backing it, though. A seven furlongs Selling Race follows, and had Wanda not gone lame she would no doubt have won. At present it looks to lay between Scaramouch and Sorcerer. I do not think there will be more than a dozen runners for the Derby, made np as follows -. — Nordenfeldt, Uralla, Dunlop, First Chester, Ieonomy, Ring-master, Thunderbolt, Win chester, Bemus, Bagman, Arsenal, and Gasburner.. Last year it was considered a moral for Bargo ; but he failed, and now NordenMdt, it is thought, cannot possibly lose. Without doubt he is a great colt, but a very sluggish one. In his work no guide can be ob tained as to hia wonderful power ; but in public he has proved himself to be an undoubted good one. He looks very muscular and well. His stable com panion Uralla is possessed of no end of pace, and is a long way improved to what she waB at Bandwiok. A few warm, days, however, may tell a very diffe rent tale. The horse that during the past fortnight has been doing the best on Hie training ground is Dunlop. Each gallop has shown an improvement; and as far as condition poes, he is almost perfect. He was certainly beaten ina very easy manner at the finish, of the Guineas by Ringmaster ; but I do not think he was thoroughly wound tip, and the going hardly suited him. Ring master looks as well as ever, and when the spectators see Thunderboldt canter past they will eay he is a very fit horse, though I think he has hardly done enough fast work. The public verdict about First Chester will -De tnat ne is too lignt. Jio cer bainly does look bo, while the Adelaide home, Csononiy, is just the opposite, and works daily in sweaters. Bemus is a good-looking sort;. Ragman, by Robinson CruBoe from Ragpicker, is about the best outsider, but I think bis chance a very poor one, as also Arsenal and Gasburner. To pick one to win I shall go for NOBDEOTELDT, t while the next best are Dunlop, Uralla, and Ringmaster, and the ' finish between these will be worth a journey to witness. In the Coburg Stakes bne three best appear to be Tekpe, Merrimu, and The Ghost. On the Tuesday all Victoria almost will be assembled at Flemington to witness the race for the all-important Melbourne Cup. Strange to say bhe acceptors just number the same as tbe Btartera for the Caulneld Cup, but one or two have no doubt been left in by mistake. To go through the whole list would take too long, and occupy valuable time and space, and we have now so many handy little guides, that tbe public haxdiy need the recounting of each horse's doings aa in the days of Bell's Lrra in Sydney, when nothing of the kind were obtainable. The New Zea land horse Trenton a&dthe; unfortunate Despot are the ruling favorites, though it would take -very little to send Liverpool to the top of the list. When the weights first came out I wrote that Liverpool ap peared to be very well treated, and after witnessing him perform no end of work both at Bandwick and Fleming-ton I cannot eay that £ like anything better. Trenton, I -Brink, will be found a little short of fast work when the actual finish comes, but Despot, if he does not meet with any mishap, will want beattng all the way. The public form shown by Kit Nubbles at Elstemwick Park, and hia excellent private work, lead to the belief that the eon of The Diver and Little Nell is np to his neck in it. Winenever coic wins poe jjeroy mum always be considered dangerous if the blue ribbon event is a true run race, and I believe it will be. I am very much afraid that Tom Brown and Lord Exeter will suffer from the effects of the Caulfield mishap, and if bo they can have no chance. Grace Darling must ran well, and. to beat Brown and Rose and Acolyte the race will have to be run under 3min Slsec. Metal is reported to have a great outside show ; but seeing that he has appeared seven times in public and only got third once, Ms public form is good enough to put him down as last. Cerise and Blue I have a liking for, and think amongst the 6st division that she is the best. The finish, how ever, JC.think, will be between . LiySBPOOL and Despot, and the followers may be Nordenf aldt, E# Nubbles, Brows and Eose, Cyclops, and Cerise and Blue'. For the Oaks Stakes I can see .nothing to beat Last Saturday a very enjoyable afternoon's xaoing was -witnessed by a very numerous array of the racing public at Moonee Tallev, Everything looked at its very best, the surrounding fields being clothed with most luxuriant herbage. The paddook at Moonee Valley is sow wall conned with grass, so that there was a total . absence of dust. New South Wales was well represented in the paddook by a great number of oar most pro minent sportsmen, and I think the majority of them got on the winners. The . opening event was a three furlongs race for all ages, which wag won by the Adelaide oolt Trojan TOth something to spare. This class of event is a. complete farce, and the sooner the V.R.C, passes- a similar role to that of -the Australian. Jcokey Club, allowing nothing nader six furlongs for horses ovar three Tears old, the better. Bon Bon, by Kelpie from SweetJipe, once trained at WaxwickParm, won the Ngarveno Stakes. . He was ridden by Mr, J. Hatjon, and the win was solely doe to Bttperior Jootayehro. After Merrimu'fl perform ance .at .. Oanlfield, lie J&oo;&eo; Volley, Cap, . ma for at six and a .half furlongs, .looked a real good thing- for him- Getting wall away, -'&^^^;'vi^:.'MipBl$g^l)W.'^&-Kiqf W&9&, ^ ?wtoo was almost left at the post. Primus had a very easy wia in the Selling Race, and was well backed at even money. The Steeplechase was a very pretty race all the way. Coming at the last fenoe,' it looked a real food thing for the favorite, Bob Cooper. He and Kulkyne, . however, fan wida, and Graaoville, getting np pn tike inside, won by half . a length. : After his running in ? tjw Cnp.Vieion was looked apon as ' gooojgoods '* fcr the Pt-Bnix Handicap, the flag fell when he «*? galloping,' -the. consequence being : that he won . as lie liked, 'jhe feature of the afternoon waa the bad ^l^JH^--jrf;^,V^.-W#t»w,--::'loni: Instead of li. proving ie appears to get worse, and it Is no use Victorian j^ple attempting to Bay otherwise. The Bt&rts; for, the Cup and Pbonux Handicap XTiM dieKraeefal. vfle wpsari tota&r; isoqp»b& of performing the duties, and all interested are dreading his performance at Fi'emington next week. I was very sorry to see Prince Imperial get so bad after his gallop on Tuesday morning laet. Mr. Mayo worked very hard to get the horse to the post, but notwithstanding all exertions . the horse's injuries were found to be too severe, and the pen bad to be ran through his name for aU V.R.C. engage ments. Tom Brown, however, continues to do well, and is almost a sure starter for the Melbourne Cup. Prince Imperial's jockey, M'Grath, also appearB to have come in for the worse usage. He is doing well, but he is far from recovery. M'Grade, however, got along first rate, and on Tuesday paid a visit to Flem ing-ton in a cab. The injury to his nose will hardly be noticed, and the broken shoulder blade will not cause much inconvenience. Wyman, who rode Sardius, and was thought to be the most severely in jured, got well very speedily. Sam Cracknell is also doing well, thouph his recovery is slow During the week there has been a lot of excellent work performed at Flemineton. Of the Derby horses Dunlop has been doing well, and if he does not win it will be that he is not good enough, for his condition is all that -sonld be wished, and he gets over the ground is excellent time. For such a sluggish goer. Nordenfeldt performed well on Tuesday, and Uralla goes and looks as well as anyone could wish. . Liverpool appears very fit, and no horse performs in a more satisfactory manner, while Despot is equally as fit as he was in 1883\. The ' touts * ' were all completely taken aback on Wednesday morning by a two miles gallop per formed by Cyclops, a three-years-old by St. Albans from Jewess. He completely lost Anglesey, and had nona the worst of a finish with Marie Louise, doing the distance in 3min 41£sec, but it is almost a certainty that he had no shoes on, eo that it is not so wonderful after alL I would caution visitors from our colony to the southern metropolis to beware of who they bet with. Strangers wishing to have a wager naturally go to the Victorian Club. Now, the entry leads straight into a back room, wMeh has no connection with the legi timate Tattersall's whatever. Here are congregated some of the biggest ' sharks' in Melbourne ; and they always are ready to lay anything'. A turn to ihe left will put an investor upon the right track. 