Tales* and S^cetegeg^ HAROL Df T HO R N T 6 NVS REVENGE. : ???:?; By J: NpiiiOEi. ^ PRIZE TALE./ (Written 'expressly for thefasmanian.) ? x-i^vM - \'-y chapter1 viii. ? ;-'.'..': ??- * .-??.. ~THB: SHADOW' Ok RETEIBDriON. The fine-weather whioh had prevailed during the time of the Winthrops land ing and journeying to their home in the wilderness had yielded to the winter V rainB which are generally heavy in July. . ^The river wasswollon and frequently over '- flowed its banks. Great trees, loosened 1 '' bjrthe.Boaking of the earth, came crash ^- ing, down when the gales roared through r-r--v the forest. The lower paddockB weie wet, ^-~--aridvthe; few head of cattle kept on the rising- ground and came lowing up to the ^barnyard for a feed of straw from old /? Dan's ' winter Btore. Inside the house 0 things 'were as dull \ as outside. Mr. p':/ t^iiithrp'p i .occupied himself, about the ( ^farmiih/a listless sort of manner, and per; ;^pgtuailly i^uestioned Dan how long this deiea&ble; weather was going to last. Mrs. Winth'rop-went about her 'housekeeping duties with an automatic regularity that tzdtewjorth the warmly expressed admira tion of Dan, who, accustomed to dis oTp'iiheTfrom his youth, liked to have all things, as he expressed it, ship-ahapb. — Now-and then, when the Bun was allowed ti'.Suturn~by tne vnna ana ram, sne crept. if n oul into the garden, and did a little to ^Warda'the-trimming of rosebushes, plant ing bulbs, and cleaning borders._ When jt didlnothihgielse but rain she- bulled her-; self with needlework, in which stie ,-~aeemed\,'fSkilful, to r a; remarkable jde-J r, .'?gree,' lori-reacbhcur after hour some of the -. v,olunSea::.Kthey had brought ;qwitli i.'them'.;-xii0ne ? day in August t Mr. \- Winihrop -;' went to. SatidBpit h ahd -'? brought- hoine; with him a number'; of' newspapers';'. '''TheBe he looked' through when they had partaken of supper, and; ?y-thenr remarking that he felbj-tired ; and1' sleepy,' fook his candleand went to 'bed. Mrs. Winthrop continued her sewing for , some, time and then took up one of the '?-'newspapers. For a few moments her '-'eyes wandered up and down the columns,, ''?apparently without finding anything , to. ^interest her— then suddenly they became; riveted on one paragraph. She read ' it slowly, ^her large dark eyes dilated, her breath seeming to come in short, quick ,. gasps.. ' Her, hand was pressed over ..the region of her heart as if a sudden pain had seized her -there ; she could hear it' beating — so silent was the lonely house i \ .'.':-: :i';.Qoa& iGo'd,'j3he'muttered, 'has hle; Been this ?' ?:?!.? / /;? [ Again .she read the Iine3 as if to assure hgif/JiBif jhatvshe was not labouring lander some frightful illusion. No — there they] ;. -were— rhideous' blaok . and white-retelling the story of infamy and disgrace, infamy that would find them as surely as the eun. that rose over that frowning hill top that' shadowed their dwelling. Thus ran the! paragraph,:— . D££S$' Ouy&jsadera; ' will remember that a mercantile, firm were defrauded of a large sum by'a confidential agent to whom they; trusted the management of one of their branches, arid 'who to exceptional abili ties .added graces of person and manner which'Jen'abled'himtto play the part of Bwindler^withja- success -that seemed to' have baffled the skilled detectives who were employed , to. bring' him to justice. We are pleased to find that tho latter is not the case: ~;I that a due '.to his where abouts has been obtained., and that there is strong' probability of his - iniquitous career being broaght to a conclusion.' [ ' YeS,'1 more' than strong ? probabiiity certainty — ceitainty j, though many years have passed since the first -1- groat ini quity. _And ..this , dread , of , coming evil grows day by1 day, until it becomes' in tolerable, thoughjhave ceased to regard' evil as evil, though I have indeed said r5.Evil,7r,be^, though, -my good.' - When' 'wiil^the blow- come?'' ' ? - ' ' j , The ligtic 'burned dimly, the night .Vlwindlsigbed and' moaned' aB: if in unison with her own troubled Bpirit. She sat there, in the full ripe splendour of beauti ful womanhood, a picture of utter despair. ?? Th§( fire -had burned low, only a few embers remained ; but though her framb '! 'trembled with cold, Bhe neither replen' -ished1 the fire; nor heeded the flickering light. ' Her brain was like an ardent coal,' the oppression of her heart Beemed to inorease, until respiration became diffi cult. Still. she sat immovable, gazing at gjrHOthinj»nfss' with those dark eyes that had looked their last on manliness and honour 'iCyeAra'agby'The clock struck the. midnight hour, and the sound seemed to arouse her. With a shudder she arose, snuffed her candle, and 'went slowly with unsteady steps to her bedchamber. Mr. Winthrop was sleeping peacefully, his handsome face unruffled by a frown or a line of care. She looked down on the sleeper, and for a moment her pallid face; wore an expression of devilish vindictive-, fOeBsTiflefc. plump lips were- straightened. t ihtoHwcrhard lines,' her dark eyes.glowed with some unholy and awful thought. 'A mighty;. ^yearning; Jike the first fierce impulse unto crime.' Tho^Bleeper awoke, looked up at her— at her -pallid -iface'arid 'rigid' attitude. ' 'What in the devil's name are you - doing? Wby/idon't ';ypu.icome to bed;? Whyi it must bo past midnight.' ^*Yes, it is midnight,' sho replied, as she extinguished the light. — ?- ,^ \- ' ' Why do you sit up so late? You look like a ghost'.' ,- , ', r ' I have seen one,' Bhe answered, i ; Mr. Winthrop laughed. 'You're mis taken ; they. cling to churchyards and such lively places. They are too nood judges of the appropriate to crime out here. ' ' V '' Nevertheless, I have seen one to night. Do you remember what Brutus saw 1 ' ' Have you been reading up your Roman history ? Won't^ want it here ; there is not muoh probability of a school being established in this locality for a year or two, at anyrate.' /'I have Been the spectre of justice to night j seen you] dragged from this seem ingly safe retreat ; seen— oh God ! what have I not seen?' ??? '? ; 'If you are not mad you are not far from being so.' He , growled rather than spoke the words.: 'You cursed fool, don't' you know that ;these .shanty-like buildings are not soundproof 1 Blab to old Dan, do. He has had experience of penal servitude and may be able to. give ? us a useful hint or, two.'. _' ,. ?'[ -. \, ??? ' ???It'-ia you that are-mad,-, mad in your fancied security. Tho law hounds are on your track .'' 'How. dpyoujcno w .?!!_:_....£-_;:;_. _..r.ii-;: 'By the paper you brought home. If 'any thing ; waB needed to.assure' me that' your race is run, it' would be enough for me that you areso blinded byi§6lE- cbrifi~ dence that you could overlook.Tfluch; a paragraph as that inthe Sydney Herald.' Winthrop rose 'hastily and 'struck! a match. .'-'. r~ ; .:|! ,?.,. ? -,,? ..?--?,-.''- i '. .', ','. Wtiere 'is ^tbe'curBed.jpa'per?'' (he .asked in the same savage,, growling. tone.; . . 'On the; table inthe front room.';.' , : Befoundj the paper and read the para graph. Y'.'dl.uat.-. as I expected,', he said ; ' your j, imagination; always., runs ,'.&wpy; with your common sense. They have had '' a'clue-to-hia ''whereabouts -two or cthrep' times already, but somehow; they5 fail-to' .follpw.up the clue.'. -You will be the first: woman that' ever did it, but for .your'own sake, if not for mine, keepyour own', counsel.; ,- When they follow the silken thiead to. this bower, ( it will .be time for fail Rosamond to 'ring her handsand walk* in :.. her ' sleep, and do other: dramatic' ;th- r.'ga. .By r-»;you looked like Lady Mac be ii to-night , when I woke., Now go.';tp Bleep; these phantoms will: taketlight with' the dawn.' . ?????. ? ??. .?,.;:?'? j' A popular authoress asks, ' How. dare' tiie wicked: sleep V Is it not because of ? the insensibility to danger, the induration of the moral man that comes of persistent evil doing? Just as the physical man 'feels' ho' pain when some. terrificTahd deadly injury has been done to him; be- cause every nerve of suffering has been destroyed, so when the moral nature has' ,'lfee'n outraged it ceases to feel. Winthrop therefore slept— slept as calmly as if guilt had .not been 'his grim chamberlain.' But.it was different with his wife. All the weary hours until daylight sjie moved her. aching head, from side toside in, the vain hope that. sleep .would ;oome . and give her a brief respite from the ' sepret [ dread and; inward horror' of detection, and disgrace; But supposing that the law ? overtook her husband, ' dragged him. to; prison, and laid upon him the penalty 'of his crimes, would 'her position bemore intolerable than it was at rireseht ?; T6' this, selfish and : harrow, consideration had ? the'phrenzied passion of a few years ago become reduced— a passion .that had so completely overmastered her and absorbed all other desires that she had abandoned home, friends, duty, comfort, and even happiness, to: attain an object1 that'H&d; proved to be as those apples of the East that conceal with their fair exterior the poisonous ashes within them. Dragged from, this living tomb (for such waBPern rHollow to awoman whose life had been spent .in cities, . and whose habits and tastes had been formed' amongst the men tal activities : of social intercourse)' ,and thrown upon her own resources, could 'she face the future boldly and conquer fate by bearing it ? She had ' never yet relied upon herself ; if there was any strength of will within her, it had yet to prove itself. She had been strong only in passion ; that had past, vanished like the morning dew,, and conscience told her that she was weak indeed. There was nothing left then but to cling to this man who had been the bane of her existence ; to hide from herself the fact that she had ceased long ago. to love him, and that he was wearied of her. Her glass told her that she was still beautiful, that all the restless,, anxious, feverish life of the last seven years had hot materially lessened her attractiveness ; nay, it was doubtful if it had not increased her charms by sub stituting for the girlish vivacity of her youth, the ripenesB and repose of, her maturity. While she retained this, her power over her husband would remain .with her. But oh, what a contrast to the delirious joy of her first attachment- to him, to the rapture of the hour when he had first pleaded with and wooed- her. Towards daybreak she sank, to sleep, wearied out with emotion and restless morbid activity, of brain.. When she awoke Winthrop had left the house ; the break fast was cold, 'and' the fire nearly burned out. . rSheTrepIenishedy 'itj .and .made a fresh cup of coffee,, for herself. ~ After partaking^ of a littlo food, she went out to see'ifherjjiusband or.Dan: hereabout the house, but,' not sobing'either of them, returned to-the dining-room, and having 'done- several little housewifely, duties, took a book, from off the shelves that had been left there by Roland and listlessly turned -over the pages. It was'an old edition of 'Paradfse Lost ;' the' fly-leaf had been torn out,and no name appeared on tho front page to indicate that it had belonged to tho late owner of the house. It struck her as singular that out of the odd volumnes in this and the other room not one bore the inscription that it was the property of Roland Davis. Why the thought struck her just then she did not inquire ; she had noticed the fact before, but its singularity had not im presaed her. She coutinued looking through it for some time, amused with the grotesque engravings, and occasion ally refreshing her memory of some favourite passage by reading _ it again. There was one passage marked in a hand- . writing that she recognised — recognised with a start, as sudden and violent as if she had been Btabbed. It was the de scription of the appearance of Adam and Eve*.,- ???',; /.-\\.' ;?; :'-y: ?,.'? .?-?'? 'Vov contemplation he and valour formed, For -softness shes and -sweet ; attractive .?.''-, grace.'. '\, T ,-..-.. / y' ' ,?''.:./'?'?? — Thernote, in small,-but plear ahd'bea.uV tiful writing, was thiB:-^'This descrip Jiionrisjipplicable toJVIiltonj^but we can-^ not say the same of' 'his' wife.'' 'She turned ; the pages more ? carof ully after this, but no other writing was there to -confirm -her. recognition. : : It __ seemedi grossly improbable ; yet she felt sure sh6 was not mistaken. The caligraphy was 'peculiar, and shehad.had so. much of it .in those now seemingly bo : far. off and happy days, when, in, the wil fulness of conscious beauty, she had trifled with .the heart that had guided the hand that penned .the fervid protestations of a love of _ which J3he. had been unworthy. But the book,, which she was. confident had been his, might have been purchased by 'the; late proprietor of Fern Hollow, j She would inquire of Dan what sort of a man his old employer had' been. Surely, fate, 'that she 'felt was dogging her footsteps, could not have played her so cruel, a trick aB to have brought her to the house , and home of the man they - had wronged. ;When,Dan and his master returned: at 'dinner-time, she took aa opportunity and questioned the old man about Mr. Roland Davis.. The description tallied so well with her recollection of him, allow ing.' for the lapse- of years, and the colonial fashion of wearing the beard, that she was covinced of his identity with the Harold. Thornton of her girl hood. Here .was a new danger; not that she feared his resentment herself, but she knew.his strong, deep nature so well that she felt alarm on account of her husband; ?'- Did he discover him, on him he would pour out' that long- pent-up torrent. of .indignation . for a crime, which his own warm j faithful .heart and stoical integrity would invest with, if possible, darker colours than those which it: wore to her.. ;-v Ho would, be merciless, ^'because- in his- view of the matter- John Haeffaele was a monster whose extermination, was the duty, of an honest man. Agitated : by these anxieties, her ruannor was. eo absent and peculiar that Winthrop (as we;shall. continue to call, him) became;, quite; irri-. tated, and asked angrily- 'if she~tiad found '- another ? mare's nest V' ' Shje. had been debating within', herself -whether.: to ' inform him of her ]ateBt:;dis'opYery'!'br.:t6' let circumstances take their course, but thus suddenly interrogated, she answered promptly, ' Yea, I have found that-yoii or we, whichever you choose to phrase itj have.walked right. into the lion's den.' j 'PleaBe drop. metaphor ; this bush.life is so eminently practical that ! it's posij tively; fatiguing to have to. rsearch-for hidden meanings,?' observed; Winthrop.'-1 ' This property which you have ^partly purchased belonged. ~to ? Harold ,Thornj. ton.'' ?? ';.',..?.-.- ???;': ?. ;.';.;. :: ;/ -'i';ci. I Winthrop uttered an path. .. '''Are 'you SUre..?' , :, ,;r--- ; , .' '.'. ' ':'. ':'l '.'; '?.?,??;;?:'?. '?'. ';,.^ j 'Quite ?'sure: He ? purchased ''it 'frohi tlie'Orow'hi. under 'his assumed; hamer4 Roland Davis— but that he is the Haibjd Thornton of New^ington' and the-city I am certain;' ..She proceeded to tell*' hip -of her discovery of Harold's .handwriting and Dan's description of his late maBteri Winthrop was thoughtful for- some time. At length he said .' I don't see any cause for alarm, but I am very glad you told me. - If you could recognise his handwriting there'is no reason -why he should not recognise' mine, and in settling the purchase I might have been betrayed: Good girl, Lilly ; never keep everything from your husband. ' He said this with a smile, which did not, howeyer, evoke a response from his wife. j . The Rev, Mr. Jolly was certainly : the most popular Wesleyan minister that ever rode a circuit in Tasmania. He married more couples— young and old— than- any other minister in the districted chrisr tened more babies. The Episcopalian minister, though a very gentleman, com plained that the profitable employment of joining his fellow creatures together in the holy bonds of matrimony was , almost entirely taken out, of his hands. Even youthful churchmea and- churohwomen strayed away like lost sheep to the, WeBleyj shepherd to be united .for-'. better/. .for worse. Then the christenings were some thing marvellous ! Notwithstanding that the aforesaid Episcopalian had been heard tQ.deolar.e..-thatithey''(t'.e.) the inj fants might as well not be christened at all, christened they, were, by the hands of Mr Jolly) and the', prior deluded paronta seemed to be more satisfied than when the Rev. Mr. Rigid ' called the . little babies' names.' Mr. , Jolly was a tall, portly man, with a fine rolling voice, a fair face, 'bluo eyes, and tawny hair. On a pleasant morning, in early spring time, . he was ? seen with Bundry books under his arm, slowly riding towards Wattlegrove farm. The 9yes of the curious were on the worthy man, and more particularly on his books. They had become so accustomed to seeing the reverend gentleman on similar errands that they instinctively connected his journey and his books with a wedding, and in the supposition that this was his errand this morning, they were per fectly correct. The next question was, of course, where was he going and who was he going to marry? If they had seen Wattlegrove farm-house that morning they would have had a satisfactory answer to the latter questions. There was an unwonted bustle all over the worthy farmer's establishment, and a tremendous ? amount of preparation for some, impending event. Mr. Melton .wad dressed ..' all in his best,' and seemed uncomfortable and fidgety. An East Indian cook had been installed in the . kitchen,, and with the_ whitest of 'white ~BhirtsTucked~up to hrs'elbbws,'ahd with a very, white' apron protecting his black' vest 'and trousers, was issuing -ordera_to.the;underiCODk, who,, however, received these directions in a very un gracious manneirand exhibited sundry signs of insubordination. . There had been a terriffic slaughter^ of poultry; the day previous. Grand young !turkey,_. plump fowls, huge ..hams, - were cooking or cooked, and the East Indian was now en-j gaged on.; the pastry and confectionery; ? In the parlour : (par excellence)' ? there --was^ gathered a party of young ? ladies, four of whom,from the similarity of their.dresses were evidently bridesmaids.',:.' They looked very pretty and: seemed .very happy; though one of them, the .niost ' substantial; looking of the, four, had ex pressed her settled conviction that she - must either faint or cry'. ^' M'LVijTTJj' j ? 'Well, I 'don't seei anything to.-cry ' about,' observed -Lizzie iMarsdenj'-a ' bright-eyed, rosy-cheeked , rdamsel'.'. ;of eighteen.}' I think it naiist be! jolly tdbe married.' ' ',.-', ,.?'.'!.!, ,;-, ?*??;?,,?;»'}'.,?;.?.,. ,;,,i , j ' 'It isn't jolly tp be' married, is it; Mr; Davis,' remarked, another,-; a young lady withrsmall, bright, 'twinkling-grey eyes) and retrousse' : nose,; andr who-' w'as^much addicted to punning.' l ? ' :; , . _. ??? ; 'Well JeBsie, you may * pun;, .'and jou. may laugh, but really it's ' 'a' serious ? matter,' observed. the' young. lady who felt disposed'to be. lachrymose. ?*' '?;? '?? y ii;, - i , 'Oh! Bella, donH look, so'; awfully solemn. We haven't come to ' assist at. Alice's funeral, but .at her, wedding. ~Her ( intended husband is. .a graye'j- old fellow! enough ;. she. wiir need. all vye.can-rdo to enliven her.' ' L '.''-' ;.:J'.! ? ' 'A grave- old fellow, ''is' he'? Tfjaid' Roland, suddenly '-entering.- the room! '- Come ;Miss Jesaie,'- what ''are the out- : ward and visible signs of. this gravity that1 you seem to think threatens Alice's hopek' of happiness ?''. ,' : ;?, ,';..:? :;;;;;;;; A'|j;'c' i ; Assuredly there, were .no -indications onORoland?s,.face.,that' morning : that he w_as or had been any thing:', but,' the. merj- ' tieiap -of mtol ; ,His flatural^cheerf ulhes Bad; .been ' reasBumin^'s^ay 'pver' the 'disj- appointment 'ahd-globm- that- had-'so'ured ' nim tor years,,^... ,r,.-^r. ; ? ' J Mr. ...DaylB;.'r'didti-Ji...think.yoa were listening . j,-, .but rTyou ,- -kno w . Tthe . proyerb ; aboutli8tehers,hlearjhgy'hp/'good;pf them- ' .selves.'!:;^ .l')V-i.'/^'*' :??-'? '':V-'.''';;i:-'-\f-:fT I - — ^'-.WpJBe-a^dj-wors^^ I'll punish you.,-.-, (-I;]Won't kiss you, and I-won'-t-invite - y6u~tb~come -over-on cup rday1''° .?ti'ioi'i!— aj,ni-: ;.-:'[-;'nr.yi'.uf~t7 j ; '?Oh'^r/'-'Dayis^'ypu ?'Wouldn't b'e'-so: orueL-j:Tll forfeitithe!kiasj but '-'do let mfe have the- cup.';r~ ;'/ ''.'.'.' '' ?-- - ? '_Jessie wa8£'a'5you'hg lady _of^ eques . trien; attaclun.entSj ,? and th e prpmise of an .rinyitatipn. to spend a;week: wjthr Alice '.to' witness the. , Derby Vof-.the.YSOuth,-. was- a jtreat for, which she would .have, resigned every other earthly r'ecreatiori.^J' v» '?'? !, . Atithis moment .'theRe'v.. Mr., rJqlly'? 'portly form was seen' passing the ^window: 'The | hour has come,' said1 Jessie,;; an! ? tragical accents, .'and, the;'man.!';.Pre|. senly'the miniatorlontered the'roomVThere was a good deal of writing., and question! ing, and to the utter astonishment of the bridesmaids -ho mention' was made [of Roland Davis, but -of one 'Harold ' Thorhi ton ! The young ladie's looked at each other inquiringly, but as each was as itnuch.in the dark as the other; and whis pering: led to no solution .of the mystery they were compelled to remain on the rack of curiosity Until the hour should come for enlightening them. Among.the company assembled was a tall gentle manly looking man, who ' had arrived at Wattlegrove tho night before, and who Beemed to be an old acquaintance of Mr. Melton's. He watched the proceedings with an amused smile on his pleasant, face, until the naine of Harold Thornton was spoken ; then a remarkable change came .over him. His -keen vblnok eyes-; were fixed- on Harold's ' countenahee.; , ha seemed involuntarily ..as!it!were: to take a step.forward.nearer to the table. When the '?? - blessirig'i' '? iand ?[ prayer had jbeeri pronounced, ?';' ::iand;.; ':!' Alice : ' ,a: . 'liitle paler.' than' 1;jUBual| ?' but ? ?witK':ji:a lappy light in her blue eyes had leffc-the'robm with^her bridesmaids} he spoke lo Harold on tnis wise : — 'You will pardon me, Mr. Thornton, for intro ducing any other Bubject than a pleasant one on jsuch an occasion as this because I have been informed that it is your intention to travel to town this afternoon,, and theace take steamer to-morrow for Melbourne. If you are the Harold Thornton I suppose you to be there will be no apology needed on my part for what I am about to say. Were you ac quainted some years ago with a Mr. John Haeffaele V 'Rather too well acquainted,' replied' Harold. He wob too happy this morning to feel the allusion to his enemy, and the wretchedness of the past was forgotten in the prospective joy of the future. 'It is, then, as I thought directly I. heard your name and Baw your signature. My name is Revel, my sister was unfortu nate enough to be that scoundrel's' wife. When you discovered, or rather thought; that you had discovered, the place he had selected as the scene of future rascalities, and informed my. sister, she determined) to follow and hunthim down. - 'It'wasan unwise resolve, perhaps, but natural ;. in a woman of her temperament. She married him in the face 'of the most strenuous* opposition from her family, and when,, poor-, soul, he proved -to be- what -we; all had' believed him she was desperate.. TruBtingftq her skill In an art wli}ch has of late years been highly remunerative,, she_sold off what little Haeffaele had_left with her, took a passage, to Australia, and directly she was in possession of funds stt about her inquiries for jher missing, lord. I' daresay a little ' resentment against the, lady who had accompanied him. mingled with her desiro for . vengeance. She employeda countryman of Haeffaeje's,. .that. -is to say, a German, for Haeffaele though his father and mother were Ger , man was born.in and educated in England, taij .track.'him but'. in' Vain.' ., In facl; Fthe search was at last abandoned as hopeless, -and-,she I suppose - began to forget, or;ab ahy^r'atetp'feel less keenly this miserable episode in herlife.'; Last year sho was'in -Sydney,' and- while walking in one of- the ?principal- streets, came suddenly facerto face with a gentleman and ladyrw.hbse appearance recalled the memory jf'the outrageous wrong she had suffered^ -, She was thunderstruck, lost for am'omenther self-posBessipri, ? and before shq.'oould recover herself sufficiently to decide iippn ?any. plan of action, they wereiun'disti'n guishable in the crowded thoroughfare. But the old animosity was revived bVtshe sight of them, and she again :set''-'the bloodhounds on the track. TheOre'sult was that Haeffaele, or at least aim'ah Who answers in many respects to the deacrfp tioh, was found to. be in a lucrative, vand confidential . situation with one ofithe leading mercantile firms. ; His wife was said to be a lady of rare beauty, ,butjn'ev'er went. into, society, and'ih fact they lived in a very- unostentatious and retired; , man- ner. My.sistercould not obtain anVinter yieyi, and was, I need hardly sayjHtoO' proud to force .one. Moreover,' ^jfche exigencies-of business compelled her^re turn to ; Adelaidej ' and she could, (only. arrange :with- certain : parties whose busi ness it is. to know something about 'every-- body, 'to' k'eep;, watch over Mr. Darling, by; which name the confidential agent^was - known in1. S^dhey.V 'But if any, d6ubta- lingered^ .her ;mind about the identity' off Darling'with' Haeffaele, they were .quickly set at; rest .by ? the news she received' shortly r ' af t'erwards /that the .fel low had suddenly, disappeared, JJahd- :that': ;'the | firm ? who ? had trusted' him were heavy losses' by' his defalcations. .This/was so thproughly in keeping1 with Haeffaele's!. character that she waafopn vinced sho had been on'. : the right' sc'ent, but concluding that the law would pro jbably:npwi avenge her,she took ;no further ?steps, in the, matter. But, month; ;ift'er- month slippedby and the deteotivos.were ?baffled v Mr. ? and Mrs. Darling, T alias Haeffaele, had disappeared,' and no 'clue oould be obtained as to what part~of'tlie- -.world was to be next benefited- by-his- ' versatility.' ;. .; ? . '. 7 .'Breakfast is on the table,' saidBIack: ;0ook, suddenly popping-his headihtothe room.., Harold had become so. '-iriierejfted' in the narrative of Mr. Revel that he-Had ;forgptteh that this important mattefhlid riot yet been discussed. He started from his seat and said/' We must go tb'Hreak fast, or the ladie's will be^furipus; Cannot I see you in town?' . , ' .. ! ?? - ~% (To be continued.) ? . ! , ; , '? , ; , ;'? : ? Kival Preachers.— Two candidates of/.the name of Adam and Low preached probation sermons for a lectureshipj which was in the gift of the congregation. , llr. Lpw preached in- the iuornihg, taking for his' text, 'Adam! where art thou ?' and made a very,, excel lent sermon, with, which the congregation appeared much edified, Mr. Adam, who' was present, preached in. the evening1, taking for his text the passage immediately, fol lowing that of his rival, ' Lo, here anv','1.' This impromptu, and his sermon, gained Mr. A. the lectureship. ' .-' ? ??' ;1-l- . 2Tie Baltimorean says 'a clerk is likera gun because he can ' be discharged.' '''He may also get loaded without the knowledge of the proprietor and go off unexpectedly. A famous North Carolina clergymali, while preaching from, the text, 'He giveth his beloved sleep,'' stopped; in th'e;'niiddle of his discourse, gazed upon his slumbering congregation, and said : ' Bretherhi-it^j is hard to realise the unbounded J,l6ve. -which the' Load appears to h»Ve: fora large1 portion ' my auditory.' 