| AT THE FRONT. -I became a Mason before I obtained, my majonty in the — regiment-of foot. I had metropolis. and though at first I took, but a in. tercet m the business, I soon became in terested, and endeavoured ;to jmake myself familiar with the teachings of the order My «pment was at this time stationed at Chatham, bat 1 always contrived to run up to town to attend lodge. and usuidly found the Masonic banquets much" mora enjoyable than the mess_ dinners. I had lateen two or three degrees in the order, and was looking forward m due time to filling some honour able offices in the lodge, when war broke ont Between England and Russia. We bad been expecting hostilities, and immediately on the publication of the Queen's proclamation my regiment received orders to hold itself in readiness for active service. - I had at once to give up all the dreams of Masonic advance, and prepare myself for the stem duties of the field. Many readers will doubtless remember the stirring incidents of the period of which I am writing, and I need not dwell upon the details connected with our departure for the Crimea. Wo were among the first to em bark, and with oar luggage we were crowded into one of those uncomfortable troop-ahipi of the Urgent type, which were the best means of transport our Admiralty then P0®®88® - Some of the regiments were embarked ,on board hired transports, and the others were accomodated on board the line of -battle ships, which formed a portion of the fleet which was to attack the forts of Sebastopel: The voyage was an un pleasant one, but we did sot mind that. Our fellows Were delighted at the thought of active Bervioe in the field, and no one dreamed of the hardship and suffering we were fated to endure. . Our landing at Eupatoria, and the victory of the Alma, are facts of history, ,to© well known to need any reference here. ... Some of ns were sanguine enough to believe that this victory had decided the fate of the Russians, but we soon discovered that our task was only beginning. When the trenches were opened, we were among the troops ordered to the front, and from first to last we got more than our share of the fighting. We should not, however have minded if we had been properly cared for. We were a fortnight withoat tents, and when we got them they were a poor defence against the weather— mere rags, in fact, which admitted every breath of wind, land two or three other officers messed and slept together ia a small tent, to the right of onr position, and we soon fonnd that the mess was a mere fiction. Hard bread and salt junk, with green coffee, were indeed served ont to as. but we bad no comforts, and our private stores, upon which we bad based our hopes, were on board onr ship in fialaclavabarbour, and we had no chance of getting them. Often have I, after spending a night on the damp ground, with no other shelter than our flimsy tent and a blanket, risen to break- fest on biscuits and cold water. The men, of course, were no better ofl than ourselves, and as winter approached a great many of them were obliged to cut up their knapsacks into leggings, to defend their limbs from the wet and mad of the trenches. What awful nightB were those which we spent on duty at the front ! . . . Salt junk, or salt horse, as the sailors call it, was beggining to tell upon us, and onr mess at least was suffering from that indescribable longing for fresh meat, which must be felt to be understood. The regiment that was quartered near ns was French, and the men possessed a brute of a dog, which somehow or other managed to keep a little flesh, on his bones. We longed to shoot and dine off the rascal, who was continually prowling about onr tents, but honour forbade ob to attempt such an outrage. Gaston was known to be a great thief, and we strongly sus pected that he made free with our scanty rations ; but we could never catch him in the act, until, one memorable night, the rogae forgetting hta usual caution, slipped into onr tent, and snatched a piece of pork before our very eyes. O'FIannigan of ours had been cleaning his revolver, and as the brute ruBbed past him with bis meat he struck him a tremendous blow on the bead with the bntt-end of the weapon. Poor Gaston rolled over with a cry which was a cross between a bowl and a shriek, dropped the meat, turned up the whites of his eyes, and gave np the ghost. We were not long in disposing of the body, and 1 most confess that roast dog is an excellent dish. . . We bad to pay for Gaston, though, through the nose. His comrades in the regiment soon cleared up the mystery ot his disappearance, and O'FIannigan and I had to exchange shots with a couple of fire-eaters, who felt bound in honour to barn powder over the affair. .. But this little incident keeps me from the pith of my story. I have to tell how Free masonry saved my life, and I hasten at once to the denouement. Oar lines had beensteadilypuBhed forward .toward tiie Hnwman batteries, and we were almost every day expecting a sortie, when, one evening as I was looking over the earthen parapet, in the direction of the battery, which had been playing upon us all day, 1 thought I sawadark and moving mass advancing on onr left. I hinted my sus picions to Major L — , mid we both watched carefully. Presently we saw the glitter of ateel. 44 That was the sword of an officer," said Li — . "The fool had been using the flat of it upon a laggard. I am satisfied now that a large force is advancing npon ns." A few minutes sufficed to make onr, few pre parations to receive the enemy, and we awaited the attack in enllen euenoe. Tim moment tbe head of the attacking column was plainly visible, we commenced playing upon it with grape and canister. The Russians rushed forward with a loud shout, and we replied with a volley of musketry. The enemy was truly xn great toroe, ana naa soon reached the parapet of our workB, when a desperate attack, on onr part, with the . bay set, drove them back in great confusion- We rhnhed out of the trenches, and a hand- to-hand conflict took place in the darkness, the like of which I had never seen since, and hope I shall never see again. The Russians were ably supported with reinforcementsfrom the rear, pnd we were assisted by a brigade of FrenchTntantry, which came np as soon sb the firing was heard; We had driven the eaemy to the counter - scarp of his own works, when he rallied, and made a desperate charge, under which <rar men reeled and retreated for a moment. In the struggle I received a bayonet wound in the ride and fell. Afresh column of Ros- siane had come out to relieve their comrades, '«bd three follows covered the retreatm most masterly style. I expected evere moment to reerive the eoun de tirace. for. the retreating pnrtiiMi« cruelly bayoneted -out wounded as they lay helpless on tbe ground. A brute of a fellow had. indeed., taonght hl» bayonet to 'the with theintanbon of finishing me. when, with saoadeninspiration.I sprang to my feet, seised the hand of an officer who etood near, and gsve bimi the sign. .For tunately, he was a Maaon. He, of course, instantly returned it. while, with his sabre, he thrust back the deadly point which was levelled at my breast. My brotherly foe. immediately gave an order for roy removal, and I was carried into shelter of tbe battery by the very men who, but for my speedy thought, wonld have given me a happy despatch to the other world, my wounu attended to, and the next morning T motived t visit from my preserver, who brought with him a surgeon, who aoon made me aa comfortable as circumstances wonld The story of my miraculous escape spread through the division, and I received many kind visits from Masons, who P them selves to be brothers in word and deed. Many little comforts were contributed tot these igood fellows, with the view of melting my captivity as pleasant as possible. I was ot course hen dc combat for the mmainder ot the campaign. I was taken into the interior as soon as 1 could ba moved, but my story went with me, and I everywhere received the Modest treatment from the Russian officers. My captivity 'was not of vsiy long duration, and I need not dwell upon the subsequent events .of the war. The deafch-of the Czar hastened the peace, and I was among the first of the prisoners who returned to Eng. land. I need scarcely add that I have ever since been a meet zealous Mason, and shall cherish ne principles of the order as long as I lire. Whan I hear people roiling against Masonry, ov when captious critics demand to know what good the order -has achieved, I usually tel my Btey, and T am temnted to relate rt onoe again in the endaring form of letter- proe8, in the hope that the moral of the inci dent may compel conviction in the mind of hose who are too readv to believe that i Masonry ia really humbug in disgnise. 