SPORTING. The committee of the South Australian Coursing Club met on Friday, and made arrangements for the issue of a programme about a week hence, but it was decided to hold the first meeting at the end of Maxt-h, and the second early in May. The return billiard match between tfae cham pion, Mr. H. Kvans, and Mr. 11. Grey took place at the Theatre Royal saloon on "Friday evening in the presence of a fair number of spectators, who evidenced considerable interest iii the game, wliich was commenced at 8 p.m., and concluded at 11 o'clock. Evans gave Grey a start of 300 in 1,000 up, and gradually drew on his opponent till about half- past 10 when tfae game was called, Grey, 911.; Kvans, SB2. From this ]>oiiit there was some amount of finessing, as the balls broke badly for both parties, but when Kvans had reached B*J3, and Grey was at 910, the latter got the cue and ran out in a very clever fashion, winning by 107 points. Grey played a remarkably good game throughout, being, of course, familiar with the table. His best breaks were 74, 6S, and 101. while Evans's best were 179 and 129. Grey made 29 and Evans 46 spots in succession during their best breaks. The games between these players are undoubtedly contested on their merits, and it is evident that unless thechanipion is in his best form he cannot afford to give Grey tfae handicap with which he started on Friday. The Melbourne Sportsman of Wednesday lias reached us, and we observe in the adver tising columns the programme of the South Australian Jockey Club's Autumn meeting to be held on the Flemington racecourse on May 2, 7, and 9. On the hrst day there are five events—Hurdles, St. Leger Stakes, Goodwood Handicap, Sires' Produce Stakes, and Victoria Handicap. On tfae second day a Maiden Plate, ISurseiy Handicap, Addaide Cup (a sweep of 10 soys. with 300 soys. added), Selling Hurdle Race, and Flj-ing Handicap. The third day's card includes another Hurdle Race, Ladies' Bracelet, Steeplechase, the Charity Plate, and tfae S.A.J.C. Handicap. The total of the money added by tfae club amounts to £2,500. Mr. E. T. Barnard is engaged as han dicapper. Referring to the Queen's Birthday meeting of the A.8.C., Mr. E. Ward, M.P., has in formed us tfaat on Friday, accompanied by Mr. Bladder, he visited some of the leading men usually interested in sport, and obtained Eeveral promises of subscriptions, ranging from three to twenty guineas, to assist in the pro posed race meeting to be held on the Old Course in May. They anticipate tfaat a sufficient sum will be raised to enable a first class meeting to be held, and are hoping and expecting that some liberal sportsman would appropriate to himself tfae pnvilt^-e of giving a hundred - guinea cup to be added to the stakes. It appears as though some disgraceful dis- closures are imminent in connection with the performances of the racehorse Tichborne in Tasmania. At Hobart while running in the Bracelet Stakes, which was considered a " moral" for him, Tichborne, who was occupy- ing second position, suddenly collapsed, and the matter was considered to be so suspicious that H. W. Rogers, his reputed owner, was disqualified and warned off the course. The jockey Blair was exonerated from blame, as it was supposed the horse had been drugged. Two days afterwards at the same meeting Tichborne easily appro priated the Flying Handicap and the All- Aged Stakes; and at Launceston on Thurs- day, in the hands of a new owner, he won the Visitors' Gift Handicap. A later telegram states that H. W. Rogers and T. Lammerse (a Melbourne man) have been arrested by the police on a charge of conspiracy to defraud, as evidence is forthcoming that they gave the horse a big drink of water at a roadside trongh just previous to the race being run. Ticfaborne was bred at Fulham Park by Mr. Bladder, bdng by Countryman out of Bridal Wreath.^ Mr. Yon Doussa is fortunate in obtaining such excellent entries for the Onkaparinga Faster Monday meeting. Last year he had 183 nominations for the four principal events, and this year they reach the same total all but one. The figures last year were—Hurdles, 24; Cup, 35; Steeple, 40; Bailway Stakes, 34. This year there are in tfae Hurdles 28 ; Cup, 36; Steeple, 32; BaUway Stakes, 36. Such entries in the face of dull times, and tfae fact of so many horses being in Melbourne, speaks well for the popularity of the Oakbank gather ing, and proves that a well-conducted club will pay its ft ay and provide good sport for its patrons. Owners of horses are reminded that accept ances and general entries for the Nairne races are due on Monday evening next, at 8 o'clock, at Bulman's Hotel, when a description of colors must accompany each acceptance and nomi nation. ?Nominations for the Whyte-Yarcowie races are due up till S p.m. on Monday next, Feb ruary 23, with the hon. sec, Mr. P. Gillespie. Nominations for Maitland races are due on W-tdnesday, and on Thursday for the Mor phett Vale meeting. Sporting men will be pleased to know that Tcni Hales, the jockey, has so far recovered fie m his late illness that he is now able to take walking exercise occasionally. Ringwood's time for the Hobart Cap, 3 mm. 9J tec., was the fatest on record for that event. Ten minutes after the son of St. Albans passed the post, £1,000 to £100 was laid about his chance of carrying off the Australian Cup. Betting during tiie week (remarks the Mel bourne Sportsman) of Wednesday has been particularly spirited, the Newmarket Handicap being the event principally' operated upon, Sheet Anchoi, Sir Garnet, Coronet, Pro metheus, Battailous, Coningsby, and Mascotte having eacb been backed to win £30,000 or £40,000, while Middleniarch, The Ghost, ?Xantippe, Malna, Meander, Amelia Victoria, and Velocipede have also received considerable attention. On the Australian Cup very little speculation has taken place. Mr. Pearson has accepted £2,000 to £200 about Commotion from Mr. Morris Jacobs, and Off Color, Acolyte, and Quality have been enquired after, Mr. Pearson having offered to take £15,000 to £1,000 about the last-named mare, £5,000 to £500 being the best response. A dead-set was made attberooms on Tuesdaynight against Bargo and Le Grand, both of whom are said to have gone crooked. For tfae Champion 3tol is offered on tfae field, but no business has been transacted during tfae week. The following are Messrs. Miller, Jones, and O'Brien's latest quota tions : — KCtniABKET Uasdicat. U'AGfc-BS Lain. SOOO to 150 laid .. Sir Garnet .. .. 10 toi off. 3COO to 210 laid .. Coningsby .. .. 14 toi off. SGOO to 120 laid .. Prometheus .. .. li toi off. 3000 to 140 laid .. Mascotte .. .. 20 to 1011. iOOO to 100 laid .. TheGbost .. .. 30 toi off. SOW) to 120 laid .. Coronet 12 toi off. S-IXMto SO laid .. llalua 25 toi off. 2000 to SO laid .. Middleniarch .. .. 25 toi off. ECCOto 40 laid .. Amelia Victoria .. 33 toi off. 3000 to 120 laid .. Sheet Anchor.. .. 1-1 toi off. 2000 to SO laid .. Velocipede .. .. 33 toi off. 3000 to 110 laid .. Battailous .. .. 25 to 1011. KOOto 30laid .. Alphabet .. .. 33 toi off. IOOOto 30laid .. Carbuncle .. .. 33toloff. luOOto 30 laid .. Meander .. .. 33 toi off. 11*00 to 30 laid .. Surprise .. .. 33 to 1011. The double event, 1000 to 6. ALbTBAUAN CtT. Eight to one on the field offered. Little cr no betting. CnAHPIOS. SOO to 300 Commotion (off.) 400 to 100 J!alua(off.) 1000 to 100 Le Grand <off.) 