CHRISTIANITY IN THE SECOND AND THIRD CENTURIES ; OR, EVIBEKCES OF THE ChMSTI AS' FaITH Be TWEEN- 160—313 A.D. fBr the Rev. Joseph Nicholson.1 Part IV. CYPB1AX. Cyprian is the last apologist of the psriod under review. He manifests many points of analogy to Tertullian, whom he loved to call 'bis master.' Thsy were both born at Carthage, of wealthy parentage, and both were converted from heathenism in middle life. Cyprian's conversion was of a very decided sort, and in a letter to a friend he gives a graphic description of that wondrous chance bv which, he said, 'the pure and serene light of heaven streamed into niy pardoned heart when drinking in the Spirit from above. I was, by a second birth, transfomied into a new man. Then, instantly, in a wonderful manner doubtful things became certain, mysteries were made plain, dark things clear, power was given to do what before seemed difficult, to bear what before seemed intolerable, so that I could now perceive that my former life, which had been of carnal origin, had been spent in sin, was a thing of the earth ; the life which now the Holy Ghost had inspired, a life from God.' Iwo years after his baptism he was elected Bishop of Carthage, an office for which by nature and grace he was eminently qualified. His great gifts for organisation aud administration made him a model bishop, leading one ancient writer to designate him as 'The light of all saints, all martyrs, and all bishops.' Though kindly in disposition, he was eminently firm in the exercise of discipline, and holding, as he did, very definite views concerning the power of the Church and the episcopate he not un naturally came into collision with men of more lax notions, who loved to be a law unto them selves. His retirement for fourteen mouths to avoidmartvrdbm duringthe Decian persecution. while justified by his useful pastoral letters and unflinching courage, was nevertheless used by his enemies to vex and hamper him in his official administrations. After ten years of faithful service the 'call' to martyrdom came in the reign of Valerian, the details of which we have already described. He wrote some fourteen booke, the most characteristic of which was a treatise on 'The Unity of the Church,' which has been aptly termed the 'Magna Charta' of the High Church party. He was essentially an eccle siastic, and believed in the divine right of episcopacy. Still, while upholding the authority of bishops, he resisted with great pertinacity the attempt of Stephen, the Bishop \- of Home., to command him as Bishop of Carthage,' on the subject of heretical baptisms. The first attempt of Rome to assumesupremacy was, therefore, met with a prompt and vigorous protest. Cyprian was willing to allow the Bishop of Rome a certain precedence, because he represented the foremost city in the world, but he was to be only ' first among co-eijual brethren,' having no vested power to com mand. Doubtlesshe was somewhat inconsistent in this, for his theory of the organic and visible unity of the church inevitably led to a supreme temporal head, to give it complete solidarity in the eyes of mankind. Neverthe less, we are thankful Cyprian had the grace and courage to resist the first ^imperious preten tious of Rome. From this rapid review of the literature of the period, we find unmistakable ' evidences' of Christianity in the existence of the Christian Scriptures ; in ths repeated references to them, as inspired, by the apologists of the time ; in the vigorous refutation of heresies that were current ; aud, in the luminous expositions of the foundation truths of Christianity, by such intellectual and spiritual giants as Irenaeus, Origen, TertuUian, and Cyprian. CHRISTIAN' IXSTITUriOXS. We now glance, \ritli great brevity, at Christian institutions, as affording evidence of Christianity. It will be readily understood that public churches could not well be erected so long as Christianity was au illegal religion under the ban of the empire. This continued till near the close of the second century. Prior to that worship was conducted either in private houses or desert places, or at the graves of the martyrs and in the Catacombs. When held in a private house the usual oblong dining-hall, with semicircular niche at the end, was utilised. An elevated seat was provided for the reader or preacher, a basin for a baptismal font, and a simple table for the communion, which ultimately was called an 'altar.' Buildings for worship were erected as soon as the temper of the time3 would allow it. Tertullian makes the first reference to an ecelegiastisal edifice when he speaks of ' going to church (ecclesia) ' ; and Clement, of Alex andria, alludes to the double meaning of the term 'ecclesia' as applying both to the con gregation, and the building in which it assembled. CECaCH VEESUS PUBLIC HOUSE. So early as 230 a. p. we have evidence of an unexpected spirit of toleration in liigh places. It appears the Christians were accustomed to use a certain vacant plot of ground in Home for worship. A local tavern-keeper contested their right of occupancy. The matter was carried to Alexander Severus for settlement, apd lie decided in favor of the Christians, giving as a reason that ' the worship of God in any form was better than tavern-keeping '— a reason which even we niay endorse, as tolerably sound, and commendable. When the Christians had rest from persecu tion for the forty years extending from 260 to 303 A.I)., it is not surprising to learn that churches were built in goodly numbers, and some of them in^grand style. The church at Kicomedia, destroyed by Diocletian (in 303 a. d. ) was an imposing structure, and is said to have towered above the adjoining palace of the emperor Concerning the mode of worship, the primi tive form was alluded to in the previous lecture, .wiein Pliny's' description was considered. .At a later period, and within the range of this lecture, Justin Martyr gives a very similar account. He says, 'On Sunday a meeting is held of all who live in the cities end villages, and a sectionjs read from the Memoirs of the Apostles (the Kew Testament), and the writ, ings of the Prophets, so long as the time per mits. When the reader has finished the presi dent, in a discourse, gives the admonition and exhortation to imitate these noble things. After this we all rise and offer common prayer. At the close of the prayer, as we have before described, bread and wine and water are brought. The president offers prayers and the thanks for them, according to his ability, and congregation answers 'Amen.' Then the consecrated elements are distributed to each one and partaken of, and are carried by tlie . deacons to the houses of the absent. The wealthy and the willing then give contribu tions according to their free will ; and this col lection is deposited with the president, who therewith supplies orphans aud widows, the poor and needy, prisoners and strangers, and takes care of all who are in want.' Towards the close of the second century, the form of worship was varied, by separating the communion from the public worship, so as to distinguish between full church members, catechumens, or simple hearers. But be fore Christianity had advanced so far, in popular and imperial favor, their worship had to be conducted in secret places. THE CATACO1IBS. ' - ? The catacombs proved, as one has' tersely put it, *'a refuge for the living, and a resting-pla.ee for the. dead.' These underground chambers wer.e hewn put of the 'rock, 'which is soft and easily worked. They consisted of long narrow galleries about 8 feet high and 5 feetwide; : which twist and turn in all 'directions like the drives in a mine. On the sides the graves were hollowed out, and after the body was deposited - it was built up with stones, on whicU inscrip tions were placed; - These epitaphs are full of - interest to_the Christian student. AVe have: only time to notice a few. Some tell of violent martyr deaths. Here -is one — ' Paulas was X^ut to death in tortures, in order that he might live in eternal bliss.' Another — 'dementia, tortured ; dead ; sleeps ; will rise.' Another — 'Jjannus, Christ's martyr, rests here. He suffered under Diocletian.' Other inscriptions bear touching testimony to the existence of pure domestic affection. - Here ^ is one — 'Laurence to his sweetest son Severus, borne away -'by angels on the seventh ides of January.' Another — 'In 'Christ : died on the kalends of Sept., Ponipeianus, the inno cent, who lived six years, nine months, eight days, and four hours. He sleeps in peace.' Here is another, which proves that the Romish-'' doctrine of the celibacy of the clergy did not obtain at this ? time — ' Once the happy daughter of the Presbyter Gabinus, here lies Susanna, joined with her father in peace.' There are also representations of a cross, a palm, a dove, a ship, and the Good Shepherd,' all indicative of phases of Christian thought and faith at the time. It is notice able, however, there is an- -entire -ah-, sence of all reference to. the Virgin Mary ; ? nor is there any trace 'of images or image worship. But these catacombs were used as Vb&js; of worship for the living as well as an . ?^ylum for the remains of the dead. At 1 irregular intervals these subterranean passages were .expanded into large and lofty vaulted ?chambers fashioned for church purposes, not ? unlike the Roman. Basilicas or halls of justice and assembly. Provision was mads for the separation of male and female worshippers, and for the president, at the end, whose chair was hewn out of the soft rock. It was here that the early Christians met in perilous tunes, but in comparative safety, for the worship of God and the comfort of their souls. THE OFFICES, BISHOPS AND PRESBYTERS. A full consideration of the nature aud functions of the. offices of the Christian Church would furnish much interesting 'evidence' of the existence of Christianity; but waning time forbids more than a passing allusion to tbis theme, so fruitful of controversy in all periods of the church's existence. Though the supremacy of the bishop is an article of creed dear to Romanists and to a certain section of the Anglican Church, nevertheless, it is capable of clear proof that in 2STew Testament times, presbyters and bishops were identical, the two titles being used interchangably for the same office. No doubt in later times the bias of the age was towards corporate unity, for strengthening purposes, aud this naturally led to recognition of a supreme head ; but, it did not take place all at once, nor without protest from those who refused to believe in the divine right of episcopacy. Jerome does not scruple to sug gest an origin to episcopacy very much inferior to a divine right. He says — ' The elder (i.e., presbyter) is identical -with the. bishop, and be fore parties had so multiplied, under diabolical influence, the churches were governed by a council of elders.' 'The positions taken up,' as Dr. Hatch puts it, ' that organisation is part of the essence of a church, that a Christian community unless it has a particular class of officers is not a church at all, that episcopacy is of divine origin and consequently of divine obligation,' are positions we believe distinctly untenable,_ and are shattered by the free right of Christian , association accorded to all who hold Christ i as the Head and meet in His name. The I same writer (Dr. Hatch), whose Batnpton lee- , tures on the ' Organisation of the Early Chris- i tian Churches' are a perfect refutation of High Church assumptions, has, iu the June number of the Conlem,x-orary Review for the present year (1883), sumiced up this matter in favor of general liberty by saying — ' There is . not a single statement of the New Testament or a single fact of church history that is not com patible with the belief — which is parallel to almost all else we know of the working of God, whether in nature or in grace — that the Chris tian communities have a free right of organisa tion ; that different forms of organisation have been developed by the force of circumstances as the ages have gone on, and that the forms of organisation which survive are 'survivals of the fittest,' aud thereby part of the moral govern- j ment of God.' J We readily acknowledge that during the : second, third, and fourth centuries the autho- ! rity and power of the bishop intensified, but, as Dr. Hatch truly says, ' between the primi tive episcopos {or bishop) aud the mediseval bishop there is so wide an interval that those who are familiar with the picture of the latter may find it difficult to recognise the portrait of the former' ('Hatch's Organisation Early Christian Church,' p. 109). Episcopalians can no doubt find much in the history of the church to encourage their preference for that form of church organisation, as also can the Independents for theirs, and the Methodists and Presbyterians for theirs. But in looking at the testimony of the church fathers in this early age, it must not be forgotten that denominationalism after the modern type had no existence. There were np Papists or Protestants, no churchmen or dissenters ; but there was great diversity, not only in mental gifts, but in ecclesiastical convictions, so much so, that one has suggested, that there would be nothing improbable in the supposition of Augustine being the pastor of an Independent congregation, Cyprian the rector of a parish church, and Clirysostom au itinerant Metho dist preacher. DEACOXS, &.C. The office of deacon is Scripturally defined, aud its ordinary functions are well known, but in the period under review, in addition to their original duties of caring for the poor and sick, according to Scbaff, 'they baptised, distri buted the sacramental cups, said the church prayers, not seldom preached, and were confi dential advisers — sometimes even delegates aud vicars of the bishops.' The other officers were sub-deacons, or assistants, who needed no ordination; readers, who read the Scrip tures at public worship, and had charge of the church books ; exorcists, who by prayer aud the laying on of hands were reputed to have the power to cast out devils from those thus afflicted ; precentors, who conducted the musical portion of worship ; and jauitors, or sextons, who guarded the doors and attended to funeral rites. SACRAMENTS. Concerning the Sacraments of Baptism and the Lord's Kujiper we have only time to say that evidences of the existence of thess divine institutions are ample, that traces of three j methods of baptism— sprinkling, pouring, and immersion can be found ; and that concerning the Iiord's Supper no token of the Romish doctrine of the 'real presence' by transub stantiation can be fairly inferred from the teachings of the church at that time. SpiMARY OF EVIDENCE. In conclusion, I would ask you to review the course of evidence we have adduced in favor of Christianity. We have found a decided spiritual and fairly-pure type of Christianity running through the whole period, manifest ing high morality and noble self-sacrifice, iu marked contrast to the Pagan sensualism and selfishness of the day. We have seen indi viduals, and whole communities of Christians suffering most excruciating torture, and even death itself, rather than deny their divine faith. We have observed that notwithstand ing this merciless persecution the churih flourished and grew, until the whole Roman empire was more or' less touched by gospel leaven, and millions were the asknowledged discioles of Christ. We have noted how fchf- church was affected by insidious dangers from prosperity and imperial favor, and had to be purified by fire, ascording to visual divine methods. We have glanced at some proofs of the genuineness and authenticity of the Christian Scriptures, with their wondrous preservation from destruc tion at the hands of crafty aud malignant foes. We .have looked into the life and writings of the four leading apologists (Irenasus, Origen, Tertulliau, and Cyprian), who indicate mar vellous mental activity concerning the founda tion truths of Christianity ; and, finally, we have seen that the institutions of worship, of church officials, aud of sacraments existed in such forms as show, notwithstanding neces sary human imperfections, that their informing spirit is none other than the Spirit of God! 