Adaminaby Police Court. '- . /Tfsia aiir vmt Oifn^amulnit . i WrEnSliSDAY, ITH jAXTTAnT. i BcrcRE Sfessrs; J. Mi Lett, T. Locker, and A. Barrett, J's P. ILLEGAL DETENTION lTniry Jerome \QaiUxtaa Kuuinionnl for rcfus iuir to give up up a horse to William Dunn. Wm. Dunn, fanner, Adaminaby, sworn : I have seen outaido the Court the horse branded TS ucar suoulder, with a few white hairs on his wither, a small star on forehead, tmd roarlc on tho pastern joint ; he is my property ; I turned' the hors» into Mr. Lett's paddock at Adainiuaby in January, 1883, and next saw him in possession of defendant at Buckley's Crossing in December, 1881 ; never gave any one authority to take the horse; I told defend ant I would give him in charge if he did not five up the horso ; lio said 3io would give tlio lioi-bO to the polioc, uGt to me ; I then told .the police to tula; charge of the horse ; defendant Maid, '. Come down to the stoic,. and I will toll you how I got the horse, as I do not want to tell everybody;' be Baid he had a receipt for tho lioraj, that ho bought him fromF. Pooloy, but unfortunately had no brand ; he Bent tho constable to fetch tho receipt ; ho asked mo if he could fret the horse far the raoes, said lie believed the horso was mine right enough, and he would give huu up to me after the races if he coidd get his money back, and ho asked mo to BtU tho liorso (called The Moor) to him when Buckley's Orosainjr Eaoes wore over. To the Bench : I produce tho receipt I got when 1 purchased the horse from Alfred Mans- field James Warren, laborer, Adaminaby, sworn: I believe the bay horse outside the Court to be tho one Mansfield sold to Sunn a little over 2 years ago ; the horse was then 4 years old. James Gilbert, selector, Fryingpan, sworn : I last saw tho lioreo outside the Court in Dunn's poRKeseion about two yeuw ago. For the defence, examined by defendant, Hugh G. Pryce, grazier, Woolway, sworn : I remember being told about a bay horse ; tho horse iu Woolway paddock was pointed out to me as your horuo; I wrote to you about his being missed, and afterwards that lie was found ; you caoio to Woolway and got the hotta now outside the Court; when the horse first came to the paddock bo was poor and rough looking, and whan you took him awuy he was rolling fat ; from the time ho was put iu tho paddock till ho was taken away, it was Id months. Georgo Stutshbury, constable, Cooma, sworn: About tho end of March you rode tho horse oulside tho Court up to Buckley^ Crossing polico station, and told mo a horse you bought from Mr. Pooley got away shortly after ; you asked me to take tho brands in cose there should be anything about lu'ni ; you said, ' If it was not the hor^e, it was his ghost, as you could not tell them apnrt ;' you said you had a receipt, but Lot tho brands ; you offered to lend the horse to tho polico last winter ; tho receipt produced is tho one I got from Mi's. Quill. Henry Jerome Quill, storekeeper, Buckley's Crossing, sworn : On 3rd January, 1683, when going to Gunning I asked tho coachman if he thought Mr. Pooloy would sell a horse then in tho team as leader ; when I arrived back in Cooma, about 15th January, Mr. l'ooloy told me I could have the house, and ho would de liver Mm to Mr. Cohen, which ho did ; 1 paid Rollason, tho mailman, to bring the horse to Woolway, and asked Mr. Pryce to take deli vory ; I handed Mr. Pooley a cheque ; ho drew out tlie.reoeipt (marked B) and said 'I do not remember the brand on the horse, but I will leave a vacancy 111 the receipt, uud when you get the horse vou can put in tho brands your self;' ho is known as the Southwell home, bred by Tom Southwell; after the horso was lost from froolwuy, I received a letter from Mr. Frycc telling mo that the horso had tunu-dup: I went for him, nnd recognised him as the one I bought from Mr. Pooley ; on my way home, I thought, as Ihad not tho receipt of tho hoiwi, I would call 6u Mr. Bragg, which I did; Con sUlble Stntehhiiry told me Souior-Constablo Bragg was not at home ; I then told Countable Stutuhbury I found tlic liorse I hail lost toino time ago, and asked him if ho would kindly take notice of tho horse, as I had no brands iu tie roocipt; ho looked at the horse; I theu held th horise iu possnssion a6 my property until Senior- Constable Audmxon and Mr. V.T. Dunn cumo.to my store ; I now believo the horse to be Dunn's property. An Adaminnbv telegram of yesterday states that J H. QuilTvaschiirgodwirh eteuliugW. Dunn's horde. The case was dismissed, and defendant ordered to restore tho horso to Wil- liam Dunn. No doubt, Quill at first thought The Moor was his. rosiMAsruu's gekse. James Waddell, summoned by the police for allowing 10 geese to stray about, pollute the uvnilablo water, aud become a puhlic nuisance in the town of Seymour, pleaded not guilty. The case was fully pwed, and defendant was ordered to abate the nuisance by removing the geese. THE DOG ACT Miuhad Ctinrij, for uot rugUtoriiig hie, dug, was fined 10/ with 3/10 costs. MCEXStS. TT(iwl.-,»rK* limner** wi»rfi onLuted to Charles Stuart and Jemmy Ah Mow. Slaughtering licenses wero granted to H. Locker, W. West, J. Boo Shang, and Ah Yau. 