THE CARMELITE CHURCH PORT MELBOURNE. \---o--- RE-OPENING AND BLESSING OF ST. JOSEPH'S. The Catholics of Port Melbourne are to be congratulated on the substantial additions lately made to their church. For a long time the management of the institution had felt that the aocomoda- tion in the building was insufficient for the local congregations, to say nothing of the numerous visitors who come to the church for the purpose of hearing the learned and eloquent Prior Butler, nrfinca aamdcf and nflwftrflll HprmrtTIR are invariably attended by large gatherings of both Catholics and Pro testants, and listened to with rapt attention. Some months ago it was decided to provide more sitting room in the church by constructing a long gallery the width-of the main edifice. This has been done and, in order, we presume, to save encroachment on the original floor space an annexe has been1 constructed at the south-east corner of the k-church; 'into which the gallery staircase has been carried. The choir are now .placed in the gallery, where also something like 150. of the congre gatidq-ftan. beacoomodated. The church has beeb Hecorated,-|andr it^jintaioir presents a V£ry^ pleasing* appearance. Pursuant t$ flfniioi&nceinent; the re-open-r ing and blessing took pM»f (w-PlH Sunday morning. \pnfortunateJy,.BDe5 weather was most unpropitious, and, although there was a good attendance Ai 4-1^* AlA«rnn a-a1asiW *M*«Da f-JiOrO WHO certainly not such a large congregation as would have gathered hiad nota heavy and continuous rain fallen from about half-past ten until late in the after noon. His Graoe, ^hbishop Goold, presided on the occasion and performed the -ceremony- -of- Wessinst-the ^sburch. High Mass was celebrated by the Bev. P. F. Shaffery, who was Sasajsted; by the Very Bev. Prior Butler.as deacon, and the Rev. F. Leybourne as sub deacon. The Very Rev. Dean Donaghy was present in ..attendance on the Archbishop. The incidental music was supplied l-y the 'local choir, ihe' members of which acquitted themselves very creditably. There can be no doubt the choir is not a strong one, but that is no faoft of the ladies and gentlemen who comprise it, and who, we make no doubt, would be glad of some assistance from other members of the congregation. The ' Gloria ' of Haydn's First Mass was selected, but was not sung through. The rest of the music was taken from Farmer's well known Mass in B flat. The ' Credo ' was given with verve and spirit. At the solo passages, ' Et incarnatus,' Mrs. Kernan's strong soprano voice was heard to advantage. Miss Kenny took the second part, and sang very correctly and nicely. The ' Sanctus,' " Benedictus", ,' and "Agnus Dei" were also sung, Mrs, Kernan effectively rendering the solo passages of the latter. Miss Kenny presided at the organ, and played the difficult music assigned to her with taste and judg ment. The Rev. Prior Butlerread the lesson for the day, taken from the Epistle of James to the Ephesians, and based his sermon - upon it. The reverend gentlemen said that in the passages of scripture he had just read, and in many other passages. Almighty God was compared to light. In considering the characteristics of light 'we were at once struck with the aptitude and beauty of this similitude. Light was the first thing created by God, so far as we were aware. In the beginning God stud 'Let there be Light,' and there came that most beautiful of all natural elements. What were the chief characteristics ot light,' and how was it that God was always represented as the Spirit of Light 1 In the first case they found that light revealed truth here below. Imagine for a moment that there was no light in the world — all nature would go back intoaneientohaos. Light reveales the truths of nature ; it decks the flower of the field and paints the lily. If the light of thatf^great day star, the sun, were put out, not only this but othei planets will sink into decay.- Those, who had gone down into mines had: learnt in darkness to understand the beauties of light Precious stones might lie at their feet, but there was no tight to reveal them. The first quaiityj cl flight, then; was to Tewealj truth. They ha3 to consider another ?beautiful quality in light, by virtue of -which it might go everywhere— into the haunts of vice, into the gay ball room, into the hovel — and yet that beautiful messenger of God itself remains uucontaminated. How silent and yet how potent it is in its action ! Everything in nature owed its energy to the sun. Tabfi the sun away and all goes back to death. This mighty force came with -vast floods and like a great torrent in its power, and yet in itself it was so still, so silent in its opera tion. Grand figure of the Almighty Being who first created and fashioned ! How aptly was God likened to light ! He was die great light, for he was all truth. Though angels had stood around his throne for countless ages — neither they nor man could ever fathom :^j&efo;'M)~!$A-:;'3§!tij knew as a matter of fact that learned men had for ages studied the beautiful science of mathematics,' and had discovered many of its truths. But had they discovered all these truths 1 No, ? they had not, and never would. In God alone was all truth, all knowledge. And He was like the sun in His holi ness. Foolish men had taught that this- world; Twas a ^ part of God ; the monstrous doctrine had been propro gated that All in the world, the good EUkQ fife iniquitouB iuchided, ^ part*f ;Cod.; v Such a oodplfef was pot ohry nWin'rrflnr. in : rAftsnri - Ivnfc ^nifhofied to Terealed troth. It was no more true thai the world was part of God than it -w»;ti»& -*¥-i surfaw^ ,4he- ftarth, upon which the sun shed Its light/wto sftrt-of the sun itself. God was every where, 'filling all things with Himself, but none ? of. 'these things were con founded with Him. , rHe was all holy all, was H fti^gplf u&contaiuixiated.; *$£. en made a^reat noise overphat they did, over ^ny -KtfltB discovery ;,they might make, but 'God 'worked silently, and produced in man justice and judgment. The Spirit of God was like the spirit of light and produced in us these natural results. He was the Lux Mundi — the Light of the World. The great object of Christ's coming was to teach men truth. . In St. John's Gospel He is described as the Light of the World, and here they had the presup position that the world was before that in darkness. Men were not altogether ignorant of the truths of religion ?; they had some faint glimmering °f ligh^i but it was reserved for Christ to give them its fullness, like the blaze of the noonday sun. Men were possessed of reason and they were entitled to use that gift of God, but this only gave to them a faint glimmering of light. Christ came to reveal truth, that being the first operation of light. And since He had so come, into the world, since ho had revealed truth, was it not certain He had appointed an infallible teacher for mankind ? Did they think He left it to every individual man to tread his way unaided through the doubtful and difficult paths of life? He came to jreyeal truth, but how could men be sure thatTlt was truth 'they had f o'ifiid unless Christ had left to the world an infallible teacher % He had done so in the Catholic Church. Thus it was that. in. the Catholic Church men walked fearlessly. They did not take their theories from men, or make their doctrines subservient to the passions of men. If they believed in sinful man's power it would be an abolition of Christianity. Yet every day aien of great learning treated Christianity as a philosophy rather than as revealed and unchanging truth. They foretold the downfall of Christianity, said the fworld wjould hecxKue pagan, etc,. and called for another Peter and Paul to avert the calamity. But Christianity was not the work of Peter or Paul or James, or any other man ; it was the work of Jesus Christ, and the men named were but Hisanissiortaries. He (the .preacher) would ask his hearers, did they think that Jesus Christ would come to the world and then leave men who came after to find out His truths for themselves 1 While the sum shone they had hut to look and .see. So it was with the moral world. Jesus. Christ bad appeared on the horizon and He had given them the Catholic Church as their guide to His truth. He had said ' Go forth and teach all nations ; baptizing diem ' in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' There could be no fear of them going astray ; they had the Son of God with them, and could rest secure on the basis of that infallible Word. But Jesus operated not only in showing die truth but in teaching justice. Justice was the principle that required an equality, and when that equality was destroyed justice was violated. Jesus Christ came to teach them to render under Ceasar those things that were Ceasar's, but unto God those things that were God's. They would regard that as a self-evident proposition, but the truth of it was not realized in the days in which Christ spoke. Even in these days the State presumes to iregulate people's consciences. When the Apostles were brought up and scourged they were told not to mention the name of Jesus, but they went forth rejoicing, electing to obey God rather than 'man. When the Government of the great German empire forbade the proclamation of the infallabuity of the Holy See they knew what the attitude of the Catholic Ohurch had been. When His Holiness Pius IX was called upon to sacrifice justice to expediency his answer was 'iTon pontumus' — it is not possible. When a nation great in war demanded of Leo X that a man might be allowed to put away his wife the answer was such as had ever been from that chair— ' Non postuTnwt' it cannot be done. The Ohurcji ysps the fountain of Justice herVbeloW ; her judgments were in^ famblc-Itere was mo .other Ohurch or institution that could have stood the trials to which the Catholic Church had been subjected during centuries, and her voice was as dear to-day as it was in the days of St. Peter or of Jesus Christ . Himself, condemming error, and pointing out the way for men to live. Outside the Church what did they find ? They found many naturally good men who had aspirations after Christianity, but they said ''What does it matter whether they be a Trinity, or a Baptism.' If it did not matter, in God's name, what did Jesus Christ come at all for? Some men might consider the matter of a Trinity or a Baptism unimportant, but nothing could be unimportant with regard to God. What was the good of Christianity if they were not put in a better position than before Christ came ? What was the good of it if they had not an infallible tribunal to point out error. They had that in the Catholic Church, It spoke to the hearts of men, raised up the poor and afflicted, and found relief for those that were heavily burdened. What did $|iejUSflyt.SB*Mde.^*he,-CnuTChi.. to the^-^)oor -amicted «6ul ^Oometo me Giirist^fy was of ai^ good fit -was Tb^SSe mission of Oatholidty, (tf CI^M^^^si^Ay understood. Lastly, the fruits of the light were all goodness ; it not only points out truth ; -ut it teaches us to lead good lives. Preaching was in. vain, the truths of Christianity were perfectly inoperative unless they were felt in die hearts of men. The whole object of the teachings of Christ Was to make us better,- — not to make us more learned, but to make us honest, sober, pure, charitable in our opinion of others. How contaminating was that doctrine which declared that the whole. scope of Christianity was to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ ? Did they think it fulfilled God's will that they should know the truth ? As James put it, even the devils believe, and tremble. The -preacher concluded with an eloquent peroration, in which he ex horted his hearers to love all men because they were brothers in Jesus Christ, to live soberly and righteously, to assist the poor and needy, and thus jabo* that the light of truth in their Inaits had been made operative. I Htm* was a large attendance at the church in the evening. Father Ley bourns conducted the rosary, vespers, and benediction, and the Rev. P. F. Shaffery, O.C.C., preached an eloquent and impressive sermon. The reverend gentleman took his text from Luke I — 49. ' He that is mighty hath done to me great things and holy is His name.' The preacher's address was particularly appropriate to the present month, which, in Australia, is the month of Mary. He said that in consequence of the disobedience of man it had been decreed by God that he should die, that his body should pay the penalty of sin by being again co-mingled with its mother earth. All that was to be gained by man hereafter must be by humiliation and Buffering here. Thus tiiey— fouwl- t.hat~4to--^;r^ateiit-ofcthfl,i saints were also the greatest sufferers in this world. This w&s; particularly the case wifh. the Virgin Mary; who throughout ''her whole lifetime was subjected to humiliation and sorrows of all kinds. A descendant from a' race of kings she did not receive the title or tne honours of a princess ; selested by God to be the mother of the Saviour it was her lot to suffer frompoverty, suspicion and otherhumili? ation, to bring forth the son she had immaculately conceived in the dreary shelter of a stable, on a cold December night, aud afterwards to fly away into a strange land in order to save from the emissaries of Herod the Being a+ whose nod the worlds tremble/ During the whole life of Jesus' also, Mary suffered mental anguish on ,hi£ account, as she viewed the Ingratitude of men towards Him, aud the indignities to whi^h He wai subjected. .She it was who followed him to the very foot of the cross and witnessed his dying anguish. Great sorrow and great tribulation had been' her lot, but her Son. had raised her up to Himself and she now sat on his H is right hand as the Queen of Heaven. The preacher exhorted his hearers to remember the humility of this perfect woman whom God Had selected for such a Iiigh purpose, and not to set store upon ^yordly riches or wordly honours. It was not among the rich or the honoured that the greatest goodness was found ; it was rather the poor and the IotvIj, whojrere loving, neigborly and generous, who 'visited the sick and soothed the afflicted. He urged them all to do theSe things, to practice brotherly love, and lead pure and holy lives. He urged them also to ask the prayers of the Mother of God, tosetik her assistance and petition her to be a mother to'them. * ' The collections taken at both services will be devoted to the liquidation of expenses incurred in decorating . the church. 