.TlarircU* T'h,- B..ing a 1.,y race meeting held at Cault?i o- ta-led a large nsiimber of ioli 3day seeCe. on Saturday afternloon, whenc the Victorisa Ai:,vtcur Tiirf Club provided what proved to he a very enjoyable after noon's racing. Tie weather was agreeable, and both road and rail were well patronised hby the visitors, amongst whom was his 'xcellcncy the'Governor. The first vcrent was a Selling Rlice, which. was won by the fiavsrit' First 'Pop after a close finish vWith 311de,. Hlopetmn filling thibrdplace. .!The cinss.r was sold to ir. J.:T 'Warne' for As-, ,of which £-5 goes :to th celnbiu IThe I irdle Rlice proved 'tn wiit for MrI. L .. fi Ivert hDerinags, witlh iGritt?an ;irecond and surral Jackson thilrd4l and thd a iuunier iup wlis-tont by .i comparative unturiscr in bSeRa'l- Horse; Caimerind't'the . lvoutiite only "oetting:econd plaice, while The Agenit wras-third. In the Jitvcnile SStakes Dividend got home first, hIis atten dants being The liun ilnd Gadfly; and in tiLe StCeplClihase, in which the average nusnber"tof f?ll occiiured, the n-iiuimbers went up .as they appeared on the cardt eratndcr 1esisg first, Lady -Ashton:%scond, and Native third. The last race of the \- aftsrnssunas.tls Malvern -Iandicap, ii which, the fiavourite ?ilo seciured fa-i-an toriolis victory, Gairdenia being:second ciaid Alianders third. i , SHitheito the lhrvesting abt our pleiasant home at Coolgineri:g" had lasted over the Ne-r Yi liinut this enr l-tl? oighol ouii' hi q crotp was the heaviest we had ever ieeni blest with whileolab orwivs harder to get than in any previous season, a reaper and! binder, whicil thelgehitleminly agent of an Enlish firm had induced dear old dad to invest i' whhen at the 'National Show, en .abled us without outside help to have, the aihole crop in the stack and safely:roofed by Boxinn D.lt-.: .This enabled-:us .to pay the lbocal races a fisit on the 2Gthl anid 28th and rar;e sport we had. Babesvale;- lwhere -oir imnnsil sporting festinal is held, is a "homely eduntry town with, what few towns in Australia cin boast of; a river swhich is Snaviaible right alongside tihe main street. A ritver .whic?h has no evil associations, no murky deuths, bitt which, taking its rise among.the snowr-croaned summits of-the dividing mage,- leaps headlong throigh deep ravines and,over rugged reefs,. then sparkles o'er smiy covered pebbles, Uamong. ,the:finer gravels of which arestones which, :set and polished; would make' the fortune of a lapidary. Then as tlheilills fall baek from it its clharacter clanges, the peblbles in its bed becomes smaller,its strem more placed,unti' itt Coolguiidading it wanders p eacefully. tlshrouih Niih alluvial fiats, sovei?ld avitih cloer'ind, ~i~cksfiot, iherfe the shorthorns traninilly" chew the cud of content, and the hosases stiandingin te shade of the spreadidg giums seem largely satisfied witl their' shurroiundinigs,. thnI?.on throu.lh maisz fields and hop ?'ardeis till it .reachesBabesvale, whore-the steame.rs for Sale are Ibusy loading nlup with cargo for the metropolitam markets, for after all-the best of everythin" in the conntry distiricts finds its way .to Melbourne, especially at Chrisinma?tide and.New lYear Well, to resume my story, I, Bullocky Bob, Billy SAves'amll, once a well-knowin metropolitan liht-weisht, aind a iparty of- young ladies from over the creek -were to ride, while dad, who is the starter,:'ind' a cut above the comrnon at it, droie the mother and the irls. The trip was nothing to us, though Ehlliott the schoolmaster, who is lately from town, scorued very fond of stiniding dluring the imeetin",, std let Isis horse to one of tile boys on our returni and drove home -Sne. Still he was very mersry, and I always thought him a, decent sort of chap. A parts of Melbouruc friolea of his had come dlown, and we got theui to join our party, but I thou-'ht siste Sue looked a lit sorepristd ap not t 'well pleased Mdiss Petrie, a "sir I thougth exceedingly pretty-. Howei'er, perhaps Pavas mistaken, bitt rhlien going for some water I saw tlhem in deep conversation I must '-.. did noat fgisl tbsit lIiott was quite as plcas?ant as I had hitherto thought him. Still, he was auilike most town fellows, for he was Al at cricket; could run, jump, wrestle and use the "fives" very urettily, and was certainly good-looking if you like sark hair and eyes. MIiss Pctrioe was very fair, and, of course, nilike him, being tall, while he was ri little mnder the niiddle height. Well, about the races, I cant say I psaid as much attention as usual to them as usnnalto them forido what I would I caught._ myself watching Miss PI'etrie, and when I wvas trying to estimate weights I found myself waondering if she and Elliot were engaged, and whether I should like her as a neigh ir when they got married, and rather thought Lshouldn't care about it, and that I'd likh to go to Queensland. About the racing ? Well, uicle's .Wollomai filly won the Produce Stakes, aind the Handicap caused great excitement, as:one of Squire Walhalla's crncks which hlid won in t?1.i bourne wvas thosught a certainty,.but. went ' down before a lecally-bred.colt.to the gr~eat joy of our district. A yery pleasant ball wo?sad up the racing, mand here I secured iissiPetrie for two or three dances, and foiund hlier 'tas pleasant as lshe was pretty. We had a long chat; and she exlpressed a great love of country life, which she said she hoped soon to grantif y by comring to live among us, as Mr. Elliot would soon.have the. hoise ready. Sue, dancing; with Elliot, passed as she said thiis: aind, turning very white, stopped, asked him to excuse her, and to leitve her with'her motheir. He anlxiously iniquiedrl if she were unwell, but sayisi thes room was hot, she cut him rather short... I felt faiirly stiggered; :and; savage at Elliot's having kept his afaiuis-sb ;close; ansd blmdered out to Miss Petrie 'I 'iwas namawainre .you aWere engaged.": Looking amazed, " What ever do yori mesa," she cried, " do yonot know that he is usy half brother, that uasuma lihas twice married i, that he is her :eldest iaind I her'i eyoumst, and that I: mu to fit up his niea isiou 'tor him. ' Yos will hhirdly belicve me, iht cross as I wa a'it Elliot foi lettins me mkell ~s cth si n ao ofm'elly f, still 1 ineverlikedhim 1bttei thniiintth iilstailt." Sue, who had julst. prevailed on mothei to retire, was leaving the ball-room and met us a little fntidly. ahen I blurted out ,f Sine Blid yout knotw Miss Petrie anud Elliot are brother and sister." "What do you ameau?"' she replied. I explained the eiiibroglio mid somehlow Sue ailtered her mind, saying to the mater" I hardly think -yoat slhoald hurry us off like this, mother dear." A chluge the dear old l dy was aiout to rfiite when Sue stoplped her answer.with a kiss. Elliot, who wrs asnd is a gretit fasorite of the old lady, calme iUlp, aind as hlie and I had the same room ait the hotel I saiw his progiatusme aifterwasrds and the nusiser of times my sister's ifame appesred thlereon'was certainly- remiarkabile. Striasge to say hlie imade a similar remairk as: toithe mainner in awhich miue was filled. Well the races being over, Elliott uand his sistercamr e home with.l us, and next day surged dad, the mater, Sue and I to return to M?llboirne withl them ind see the New Year's Day racins in 'Melbonrne. 'Well as SI told you hlarvesting had hitlherto lre vented a visit to imarvellous Melibourne at this ses:on, but this time I resolved i'd go, tmd Sue ibeing of like tmind of course the old folks blcame also. The fares by boat uand coach anul rail were all cut so lowr that the cost- of:the trip wass a trifle, while every thlieatre in MeIlbourne alid a novelty fresh from L'ondon for our delectation, and dad, who nsn talk pedigree by the hour, w-as promiscd a trip to St. Al.ans, Bundoora, and Meordillase, where training stables and stiltd'firms were open to hisi iulpection. I, ~lo never had ibeen celebratedl as a squire of dalmes, felt that such service was bliss. I fosid Berth:a E!!iott, I s:lways dil admire t-he -I.c cf 'e"rth:, reily liked Gcrdon's pt00n., z=d. so to mr they age a s.ling ::; i the -o'd c. the pibroo.: to a _ig!-h u-. -" ' we w?re in unison aLt once. Speediing a5o:?. 2¢.we &ousecJi; our" fvorite' linebegr1 Set-res rear vo.y :agegs "'avs?= aa .:-mte 'stouche.: vvg'Her;.. o -cc spent a delightful- evening, and after rest ing at the Club were soon e route for the delights of'the city. On the boat, in the train, and in the great city everyone was speaking of the wonderful prosgramime the Victoria Racing Club has issuedl for the New Year's Day Meeting, and no wonder as yroll will see when I tell you THE NORMANBY STAKES Is the first great event to be decided, and as all the best Victorian, South Anustralian, and Sydney tvo -years-old are engaged, includinngAcme, Bllairgowrie, Mitddelina, as well as a host of dark youngsters, the race should be a most exciting and interesting one; for these two-year-old performances afford the best indications as to Derby and Cup winlers. But, lfond as we Gipps landers are of. two-rear-old racing, we are equally sweet on a lgodl a:mndieap, and on many a station mein rcan b found lios 're as au/fat as to performances and breeding as the. veriest habitiies of the rooms; so the'way Mr. Barnard hais "ipoirtioinel the burdens in' STBE STANDISH PLATIE%,'. :;I Interested us greatly. - What 'a good horse 'Maluma is;!l and inplailcil-himi 811ib: absove Sheet Anclor: (gven: lwhiei the latter. has 9st. l1b.); it's evident Mr.' Barnard thinks so tooashisit's mehii dro firons the latter to Moonshetoat ist. 121b. and Middlemarch at 8st. 1111h.,aisid Meir?uainuii ho is an un like starter,tatinalike 'weight cannot coci-n plain. Between Chuckster, set. 9lb., and Napier. bst.; are-sulh a host.of celebrities as Stafford, Britisher, TIie Ghost, Lord 3Yiiton;i Gratitude, Plausible, ?. addap, Anchorite, ~Vlicopede, -Sea Horse,- and Rliinginister; whuile betw?een 8st. aiid est.,. The Boheminiaun umbherts ;i fIonifiaster, Remtus,T Jcular, Norfolk, Duiation,; Mfent mire.e Albanlis, nUicas,. Allan ddr, Marie Louise, Lcbia, Lavinigton, and First Light, are all masters of their burdens, and a?host of speedy one.s re in :beloi these' weighlts. I'?lhrve: a':notiqni ,tat ,tlhe top weight, sldieim,-arheL, TlIe Ghost, L:untrn,u Lesbia,; and :llbanis will fight it out at the finish if the first-n-?iued is stirted iand l: win for the Adelaide division would not aistonish sue. However, if :a Giplialainder has: a rassionit's.for, ivlsit ~Irishmen l eall" a " lei?'r" 'citliei of jiW or:little sticks, and it's the latte? wei'lns e to de:l iith in TRE IIUR.DLE RACE. Royal fMaid is ait the head of affairs with list. 101b., as The' Agent having executed his missioii,'hasretiiced;" but I think Gas alier-a Gippslaiider; too nought to beat her. Insolventhas shown ]himself fast-a common claracteristic of insolvents; and the next one that pleases me is Omadhanm, 10st. 4lb..' SinkingiFund's owner thought after being .beaten at Elsternwick under 10st. 211b; for a mile and a half, that fst. was itoo much. in a longer journey. ' Of Oculist I' heal good accounts,- and Blue Mountain has a lot of uni-country victories on the flat to his credit. ..Distiller, Sensa tion, The Chief, and Cockboat, .please me most of the others, and Cockhoat, Gasalier, and Omadhiauni may fill the places. THE.BAGOT PLATE:, Of one mile and tllree- iualrters should bring bout a' field; but : who would not go from Nhhill to Sale-to see Sheet Anchor, Malua, Rleginald, Off Color, and Gnrace Darling meet at ;eight for .?e; tliboigl I own to a liking for Malun, with the meare next. . THE STEEPLECHASE Boasts a spilendid field, anidw ith tenty horses entered it tankes a bit of picking ; of this'lot, Gove~uoi"'id' Chiester' II. are the only Gippsland representatives, and I fancy the result will be NarTing, Studley, ibortren, as written, thouigh Goodood :is certainly dangerous., THE MIDSUMMER HANDICAP Is next, and as this a mile- nd-a-half, Sheet Anchor is at the head of affairs with ost. llb., closely pressed by Regiimald, st. 211., Off Color with 8st. 111b. These are all. dangerous, while Sea?orse,, Duration, Gipts's Warning, and Gasalier look best of the oter tlhirty.five, THE CRITERION STAKES, A handicap for two-y:ea;-olds, liriiigs a wonderful bill of faire to a close; and' here I fancy The N?i, Phcesbe 'Valtou, and Dividend will divide the honors.:: Now, as all country: people love sport, and fresh air and green grass, especially at a season "when pasture lands harden; uand drought fissures yawan,"' who would not wish to press their foot on the' elastic sward with which Flemington is covered, and to see seven great races, with added thndred and fifty pounds, while "tery thing that can be done for visitors' couifort is provided-hot water, fresh milk, and all requirements for. afternoon tea included. The handsome suite of rooms, over 300 feet, has just been decorated by Messrs. Schultze aind Dutusbure, 'and is most elegantly and artistically colored. It is the most perfect piece of room decoration I have yet seen in the colonies. Who can wonder that the whole party of us have resolved to be at lcemington on New Year's day, andl so my dear friend I'll hope toi 'neet yout, 'and confideitially I 'don't mind letting you know that I've given :up my Queensland notion lid I've come to think that single life is a mistake, and I fancy 'that Elliot won't 'keep' his liouse keeper long, as she has confessed to fie she would prefer not living in a township, while strangely enough Sue says a country township is just what 'she likes, as there is more society there than on a farm." She and Elliot' seem thoioughly to munderstand one another. and after wVe have seen the races we have agre'ed to' return together to' Coolgumerang, and should you watch the marriage column .of the Argas I fancy you w-ill see foir nmuies youl are familiar with; or I, Tom Farmer, shall be much mistaken. ' 