[?] Laud Office Bay at Wagga Wagga. I (fkom- ouu own CORRESrOJfDENT.) J WAGGA WAGGA, Aug. 11. I Bishop Earlc's estimate of a ' plain country fellow,' iliat lie is one v. ho ' manures his ground well, but lets lmiirclf be fallow and untitled,' in sufficiently applicable to an Australian selector, and especially on a Lands Office day. But the great divine never could have imagined the character of an antipodean 'plain country fellow ' when he continues : ' He is sensible of no calamity but tho burn ing of a stack of corn, or the overflowing of a meadow, and ihiiiks Noah's flood the greatest plague that ever was, not bccause it drowned the world, but spoiled the grass.' The very greatest trouble our selectors have is to find sufficient land whereon to take up their selections. No doubt droughts and trouble with their pastures will at length become well-proportioned ills ; but it would take time for those to be felt at their right value, and in the meanwhile having no land to take up is the one crying evil of the day. As the official records show that tho most land wa6 taken up at Wagga, it must not go unrecorded that the greatest dissatisfaction was also expressed here at the manner in which the land has been thrown open for the purpose of selection. But it is to be particularly noted that this same dissatisfaction went unexpressed until the vigour of an excited scramble had considerably, abated. And how could any other state of affairs be expected when we find that there weie never less than two and often as many as a dozen applications for any one portion of available land ? The disappointed are invariably dissatisfied, es pecially in land matters, and it is only natural that the feeling should find forcible expression, while it is entitled to every consideration if it is reasonable. But the selector's growlings on this occasion are scarcely within reason, although not altogether unworthy of some attention ; while in considering them it must not be overlooked that what hatf just transpired is the bubbling-over of a long-boiling pot of indignation, i Selectors in this district have assiduously and carefully j brought themselves to take a hopeful, oheerful view of the j possibilities of the new Land Act. They had taught themselves to think that, after ill, they may not have pro perly understood its enactments, and that when its machinery was in proper working order, what now appeared defects might turn out less startling than anticipated. So ; they kept tolerably quiet, only an occasional rumbling growl indicating tho seething volcano ready to burst out. But then, as matters progressed, they got rapidly worse, und tho gazetting of tho divided runs was tho cracking of the thin film over the future crater. Things then came to their worst, and the majority of the selectors who came in on Thursday were ready primed fer an exasperated 'flare up.' They had fondly hoped that the lands of llio colony were at last to be put to their proper use— ' the fostering and establishment of a race of yeomen ; but they found that the runs were so divided that while the squatters had few grounds of complaint, having pretty well what they 'wanted, the resumed areas in an immense . .number Jof ^directions were broken up! into reserves of all kinds, interspersed with much land, variously referred to as barren and valueless. Yet, in spite of all this, nearly 154,693 acres were applied for. Then, when selecting was well-nigh over for the time being, the satisfied and the dissatisfied met together and indulged in a wholesale con demnation of the new Land Act, of that measure of which they just availed themselves as exten sively as they possibly could. After paying some thing over £15,000 into the State coffers, they turn round and abuse the Government, mainly apparently, because opportunities were not afforded them of paying away more money. What the selectors now want is flint all the reserves, to whatsoever purposes dedicated, should be thrown open for selection. They intend to see the Minister for Lands upon this matter, and they say they j can succeed in inducing Mr. Farnell to acquiescc in their 'demands. But the calmer onlooker is inclined to think the gie^dy rapacity of their aspirations will be too glaring, and irill have an effect very different from that counted upon. The scene on Thursday wa6 such as to impress upon one the fact that tho selector's time had really come, and that tho haughty squatter king was tottering on his gilded throne. This muBt certainly have been the impression of the land agent as he faced that tremendous stream of selectors which, like Tennyson's brook, seemed destined to go on for ever, while there were more than a few squatters present who eagerly scanned the invaders much as Mac beth regarded tlie ghosts of Banquo, wondering if the ill portending line would stretch out to the crack of doom. AtiHj yet for all this, despite their haying taken up all the land they could get, and having paid so much money into the common exchequer, it seems never to have occurred to any one of them, in the words of the old madrigal, that There is a jewel which no Indian mine can buy, Xo cliemic art can counterfeit; It makes men rich in greatest poverty, Makes water wine, turns wooden cups to gold, The homely whistle to meet music's 6train ; Seldom it comes, to few from Heaven 6ent, That much in little— all in nought— Content . 