MTU ALI8TIC PIRATES! We reprint from the Tablet , the lead ing Roman Catholic journal published in this country, the following extract which appeared in its issue of the 3rd inst. The article is pnblished under the heading, " Un borne Theological Pirates, and it presents against clergymen of the Re formed Church of England a direct accu sation of the most shameless dishonesty and deception in utter disregard of the Articles and teachings of the Book of Common Prayer. The writer in the Tablet, in commencing his remarks, states that " Catholics cannot be fairly accused with want of confidence in their own cause, when they point out that the Ang lican Church tries to pass off as genuine devotians, writings, and ceremonies, which are mere spurious imitations of Catholic originals," and adds, " Consider ing that Englishmen prefer to detest shams ahove all other evils, it is wonder- iful that they should tolerate an institu tion which is, from beginning to end, a wretchedly poor burlesque of the Catholic > Church." The writer deals first with the Evangelical churches, in which, he des cribes the services as "hash collected from the Romon Breviary, Missal, &c;," but leaving out the " invocatians " and other Romash uses. The writer then proceeds to deal with the Ritualistic sec tion of the Anglican Church, and we now give the remainder of the verbatim, merely observing that the severe com ments upon the inconsistency and dis honesty of the Anglican clergy are the observations of the Tablet and not ours. " It is our purpose here to deal rather with the approbation of Catholic boobs of devotions by Anglicans than with their travesties of Catholic services, so we will not go through the list of sham altars, vestments, tabernacles, confessionals and crucifixes to be found in Protestant con venticles ; but moving on from one Evan- i gicafshrine tptan6;ther not quite so " low," we' find. .tbe popularhymn, book, known as ' Hymns Ancient and,. Modern." Now, a large portion of. this work is an unblush ing' appropriation from the Missal or the Breviary; In higher churches we find the 'Hymnal Noted, which is taken somewhat more! exclusively from Catholic sources ; but less secret is made here of the origin of the greater part of its contents, bo that while it is more ' Roman,' it is scarcely, perhaps, as despicable as ' Hymns Ancient and Modern.' . . . Here is an Anglican devotional work called ' The English Ca tholic's Fade <Mecum.' This little book contains, ainong: other things, ' Two Methods of assisting at . . . the Mass ;' ; (a blasphemous fable and dangerous de ceit,' according to the Book of Common Prayer) ; Devotions for Confession and for Holy Communion, nearly all copied from Catholic Prayer- books; Litanies of the Holy Name, of the Holy Ghost, of -the Saints and Angels, of Penitents, of the Holy Sacrament, of the Passion, and for the Faithful . Departed ; ('the Romish Dqctrine of Purgatory,' Bays the Twenty- second Article, is a fond thing vainly in vented ') ; Rosary of the Name of JesuB ; Prayers to the Five Wounds ;. Prayers of St. Gertrude, of St. Gregory, of St. Thomas Aquinas, of St. Ambrose, &c.; the Order for Unciton of the Sick, Bona Mors, the order for Prime and Compline, and the.. Angelus. . . . . Here is another book of Anglican devo tion, ' Oratory Worship There are full directions here for the rite of Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. Why did not the author of ' Oratory Worship ' put at the end of his instructions for Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament, the article of his: Church, which says: 'The Sacrament of the Lord's Supper was not by Christ's ordinance reserved, carried about, lifted up. or worshipped." Here is yet another book of devotion belonging to the Angli cans, The Services of the Church according to the Use of Sarum .' These services and uses are adapted to the Book of Common Prayer. Here we may learn all about vestments (theatrical dresses, as Jewel calls them), chalices, crucifixes, altars— ' rubbish and dust, as they are termed by the same authority. Hero, too. are many other. Anglican works, which tell us what, things may be touched by ' priests,' and! what may not. In the Rubrics at the beginning of. the Book of Common Prayer it is expressly stated that ' anthems, res ponds, invitatories, and such like things,' ' be cut off ' from the services of the Anglican Church', and I that 'from hence forth all the whoie realm shall have but one. Use.' Now,- the High Church Anglican clergy have deliberately' intro duced another ' Use,' namely, the ' Day Hours of the Church,' which consists of a translation, with some few alterations, of the Horcc JDiurnae of the Catholic Church, with ' anthems, responds, invitatories, and such like things.' They have also an edition of 'The Little Offices of the Blessed Virgin,' partly from the Roman and partly from the old Parisian brevia ries. " Let it not be supposed, however, that Anglicans confine themselves to copying Catholic books of devotion, Sometimes they use the real things. The writer of this article, when an Anglican, was given as a penance in the Confessional, the Litany of the Saints and the Litany for the Dead, which he was told to read out of ; the Vade Mecum — the original and not the sham. He also once served an Anglican clergyman in what that gentleman was pleased to call his ' Mass.' The parson ' began at the foot of altar ' with the prayers out of the Roman Missal, in Latin, to which the server responded. When he went up to the table he placed a small copy of the ' Garden of the Soul ' by the side of the large ' Book of Common Prayer,' and read as muah as he thought right out of each, but when he read the prayers from the Missal in the ' Garden, of the Soul ' he read in an inaudible whisper .. . . Only a few days ago we read that an Anglican Bishop recom mended a theological, work by one of the Popes to biB clerical students. Imagine a Catholic Bishop advising a book by an Anglican clergyman for use in his semin ary ! . . . So much for the honest, straightforward ' church of our baptism'! — ' Our Holy Mother the Chursh of Eng land,' as Anglicans are fond of calling her." This is the testimony of the leading Romish journal' in this country. It re veals such an amount of flagrant dis honesty, and shameless freachery, as could scarcely be supposed to exist amongst any body of gentlemen, much less amongst clergymen, ministers of religion, who fess themselves to be members of the re formed Protestant Church of England;1 Efforts have been and are being' made, to resist the introduction into the,Churck.: of England of Romish rites and teachingl Those who are engaged in this work are are decried as narrow-minded bigots and intoleront persecutors, and it is urged that the Church of England is, and ought to be, so constituted as to embrace with in her fold ' men of the most divergent views, and of " every school of thought!" and that in the sacred name of peace all such are to be . tolerated and treated as . brethren. How far is this toler ation to extend ? Is the infidel, is the Papist free to propound his doctrine and practice under the aegis of the Angli can Communion ? . Are these men, who . are .none other than traitors, to 'eat the bread and receive' the pay, of a, Church that denounces the teaching as blasphem-. ous and idolatrous ? , There are in the -; Church of /England; more than one thousand clergymen mem-' bers' of the notorious Confraternity of the Blessed Sacrament; The11' chief objects : of this Confraternity- are the propagation of the doctrine of the Mass and the Real Presence, together with Fasting Commu nion, Prayers for the Dead, the reserved Sacrament, and the reunion of the Church of England with the Church of Rome; Fifty-four members of this Confraternity have, been appointed by Bishops of the Church of England to incumbencies in their dioceses. These incumbents are receiving: £15,814 per annum from their livings,; and' 162,583 souls are placed under their care. How long will the people of England suffer such 1 treachery to' prevail ? I Tlie Mass and Murder. — Tho Siciljan journals report the conclusion of a remarkable trial— that of one Catholic" priest for poisoning 'another by means of strychnine mixed with tho. elements at Mass. As to the fact of tho murder there Could not be two opinions, although the case was " not proven," as against a certain canon strongly suspected of the deed. "Meantime," as the; Roma' re marks, "it' is beyond doubt that the priest Fuil la died of poison mixed with the particles representing the Body and Blood of our Lord Jesus Christ;" This appears to be no uncom mon event. The Tablet (May 19 and 25-, 1877) reports tho death of the Archbishop of Quito1 through poison, administered in the sacramental' wine which he had consecrated whod celebrating, Mass. The Times (Sapt. 13, : (1878)' ''and; the Universe Sept: 14, 1878) further report that' " a' confectioner named. CJhevau had been sentenced to a month's imprisonment for mixing a small quantity of arsenic with the sacred wafer employed- at tho 1 first com munion in a nuns' school at La Ch&tre; (Indre). Sixty persons — pupils,, parents, and nuns — were .taken ill after the Mass, which had been - celebrated by the Archbishop of Babylon", The Church Rome declares that the sacra mental elements are, by consecration, changed-j into tho body-, and blood, bones and nerves; soul and divinity of our Lord, and that th'e;i faithful are bound to render to this most holy . , sacrament the worship due to the true God,''. Cat . Concil. Trent, par. II. xxxi., p. 235, Paris ed. 1848,i and Concil. Trent, sess. xiii., c. 5). But it is clear that tho wafer, to which the ; idolatrous worship iB offered, is not only in capable of exercising any control over the,,,! sacrilegious hands that invade its repose, but . is further made an accomplice in the murder of its devoted priests and worshippers. . , ; The British Parliament and Sunday Openings.— The Southern.. Cross remarks that " a substantial victory. for ; . the cause of the Sabbath has just been won ; in England. The trustees of the Baitisln., museum recently deoided by a majority, of exactly one, to open that institution for certain < hours on Sunday, but they appealed to the \ ' treasury for the funds necessary to carry the. resolution into effect. This gave the English . Cabinet an opportunity of expressing its opinion on the merits of the policy adopted.by . the trustees of the British MuBeura, and that /) opinion was expressed with much decision. , Tho application for funds was refused, and it was explained that the refusal was not on ; merely economical grounds, but was dictated by! respect for the strongly-expressed opinion of . Parliament against Sunday opening. This , rofusal is, therefore, valuable as an official .. expression of the judgement of English statesmen on tho Sunday question. It is > . valuable also as a significant hint of the side on which, in the judgment of English politi- ,; cians, the weight of English popular opinion ; is arrayed." > Gordon's Last Letter.— The fol- : lowing letter from General Gordon, addressed ,, to a friend in Cairo, and dated Khartoum;? j Dec. 14th, was received on the 24th Feb. ; " All is up. I expect a catastrophe in ten days', time. It would not have been so if our people /' had kept mo better informed as to their, in- ., tentions. Adieux to all. — C. G. Gordon." ,7 It is remarked that the scrap of paper re! ceived , by Lord Wolseley from General , q Gordon, bearing the words " Khartoum all right" bore the same date as the above letter!,;. The -tiny note received by Lord Wolseley was no larger than a!postage stamp, and was- t sewn up in the messenger's sleeve." Breach of Regulations in r tlie Education Department.— , A writer in tho Herald calls attention to the ... recently- published civil service list, and , points out that, there are gross injustices com- ; mitted in the. Department of Public Edu.,,! 'Cation, in defiance of tho regulations. He" ) gives several examples of favoured teachers holding schools to which their certificates do <; not entitle them. We have harped on this theme time and again, and now the pub- > , lishing of the civil service list seems to be, ; putting the abuses before the public again. It is certainly unfair to give men with inferior., certificates schools to which they, according to the regulations, are not entitled, while men ;i with superior certificates have to put up with ., , inferior schools. - Capture and Death of the / Coonamble Escapees.— Thurston r and Angel, theconvicts who lately murdered ' a warder and escaped from Coonamble gaol; i i wore shot - early on Saturday morning, 11th instant; but not until they had killed' another ' J man. In consequence of information received > r Senior-sergeant 'Burns and Constables M'Kin- layandrDay secreted themsel ves in thestore'7 of Mr. Charles Stewart, at Slashor's Flat, von > the Mudgee road; nine miles from Gulgong..: Mr. Stewart, who knew of the concealment of ' the police, -was lying-in a hut near the store,-: : when Thnraton and Angel came at about 12 i. ' o'clock at night;.' and ordered him to bail - up. : ; He, under cover of their revolvers, took them :> to the -store, and the police inside summoned , them to surrender. Thurston then fired - and! r killed Mr. Stewart, who was on his knees pleading for his life, and the police then fired. . and- killed Thurston and wounded Angel, so. l that he died in the Gulgong: Hospital at 9;20 a.m. on Sunday. He stated to; the Rev. Mr. , Dobson, C.E. minister; that he did not shoot- . Mitchell at the Coonamble gaol, but that; Langley, the warder, had done it in the ; scuffle. A magisterial inquiry was held before > Messrs. Acheson and Plunkett, J.s P. The ; magistrates found that Charles Stewart came : to his doath by a gunshot wound inflicted by. \ Thurston or Angel, and that .William Thur-v ston's death resulted from a gunshot wound < inflicted by the police in tho execution of j their duty. The presiding magistrates; ex-! > pressed their approbation in the highest termB - of the courageous conduot of the police, and ; notified their intention of forwarding' their << opinion to the authorities, with the view o£> having the services of the police recognised. . Mr. Plunkett highly eulogised Sergeant / Burns, whom he had known for many years ; he said: Jt was n the first time BurnB had been in desperate encounters, in whioh he' had - distinguished himself for bis coolness, determination, and courage. A Striking Conversion.— Pesth is greatly moved' by the conversion of Father ; Elisaus Bass, formerly Prior of the Fathers ; of Charity. He has left his convent and has . become a Protestant; Father -Bass - was - well: known and was most- popular in Pesth. ; He ! was decorated by the Emperor of Austria i for the courage he showed during the inun-v dations of 1878. He. found a. convent lifo.not/ so holy as the Church of Rome would have the.' uninitiated believe. How Gordon's Letter Came. : — St. James ' Chronicle of the 8th January,, i.e., eighteen, days before the f all of Khar toum, reported: — "Most welcome intelli : gehs'e .was, received on Friday from Khar toum; 'a' messenger from General Gordon having arrived at Korti bringing asmall piece of'pape'r containing the following words : — " Khartoum all right; December 14. C. G. Gordon." This note is scarcely larger than a penny . postage- stamp. It was rolled up so as to be no larger than a pin, and was sewn into the'jseam of the wrist of one of the mes senger's garments. The man says that Gordon looks well, and that his men are in good spirits now that they ' know the English are coming to their relief. The General takes his rebt'during the daytime. Rising before sunset, he'spends the night in visiting and encourag ing his troops in their various posts, so 'as to keepr all in constant readiness to -repel an attack. Nothing is said as to the stock of pro visions, but tho tobacco seems to hold out, as the General is reported to have still a supply of'cigarettes." Tile 1 Mahdi. — In the year 1881 Mahomed Ahmed, the son of a carpenter at Dongola on the Nile, announced himself as the Mahdi or Regenerator of the Moslem faith Such a personage had been expected in these days in tho Mohammedan world, and his advent was foretold in the pages of the Koran. On December 9th, 1881, an expedition was sent against him from Khartoum which he completely defeated. This success added to his growing popularity, and thereafter im mense numbers of people gave in their adhesion to him. Another cause of his suc cess was the galling bondage which the Soudanese underwent at the hands of their Egyptian rulers. The people then were in a state, of chronic revolt, and ready to support any leader who could organise a successful insurrection'. In 1882 he defeated Yussuf Pa'sha at Gebel Geon with great slaughter. On the 13th November, ,1883, near El Obeid, he'annihilated the army of Hicks Paslm, which was 11,000 strong ; aud on tlie 4th February, 1884, at Trinkatal the forces under General Baker-were' thoroughly vanquished. It was against this successful Commander of the Faithful that General Gordon was sent last year to Khartoum. For twelve months he was able to resist the beleaguring forces, but at last succumbed to the treachery of Farag Pasha, a black, slave, whom he had liberated and ' in whom he had placed implicit confi dence; Tlie Irish Nationalists' Dis loyalty.— In' the House of Commons Lord. Hartington brought up the.Messages from1- the Queen 1 in' regard to tlie'callihg out of the Reserves and the Militia. These were read by the Speaker with studied dignity and sedate deliberation. In accordance with loyal custom all the members take off their hats: In the caBe of the first message Mr. O'Brien did not uncover his head. On the reading of tho second, Mr. O'Brien, Mr. Beggar and Mr. William Redmond remained covered. So' much for the respect which the Irish Nationalists are prepared to show towards the authority of the Crown. On Dit. — It is said that Mr. Gladstone, who called to condole with the widow of an officer killed in the Soudan, was refused ad mission to the house. Mr. Gladstone i'b credited with saying to an officer bound for the Sotidan, that there is " no new expedition" hut only 'f? a movement of troops" It . is re ported in. the current literature of the day,', that when the fall of Khartoum was pub-, lislied, Mr. Gladstone attended a performance of; the comical farce of the Candidate at the Criterion; Theatre, London, on Tuesday, the 10th February; Dr. Begg on Cbalmers' Speech on Catholic Eman cipation. — In 1828 the agitation in favour.1 of Catholic Emancipation was at its height. / Dr. -Chalmers; the leader of the: Evangelical party i of the Church of Scotland, delivered a speech in its support. Dr. Begg, the;. organiser of th e Bulwark, and a bold defender of Protestantism in subsequent years, heard- the speech, and recorded his opinion at the;time aB ( to its true character. His Life has -just appeared by Dr.. Smith, and the estimate he /then; formed of the speech on Emancipation Act is now published. He thus record s his view's ; " looking back over the pastj one1 cannot help wondering; at the amiable credulity; which dictated such a< speech in opposition to the < essential prinei- ples of the Revolution Settlement; and -at the shallow view which auch a powerful . man took of tho past history and experience, and tlieicraft and'reBOurco of the mystic Babylon. Her cry is always equality, but < she is only satisfied toith absolute supremacy. '' .It was generally believed that Dr. Chalmers regretted exceedingly the interest which. . he took, and the influence which ho brought to bear, in favour of Catholic Emancipation. If that be true;/ many other distinguished men then did not fully, understand the wiles of Popery. Gradually has the " Mystery of iniquity" ad vanced, her claims and secured a firm footing where it was supposed that Protestantism was., politically secured.. ; TlieMalidi and. the Imperial Government. — Recently the Inter national/Arbitration and Peace Association addressed a communication to the Imperial Government in .the. interest of securing a set tlement of the difficulty in the Soudan. The members of .' the Association were anxious to" obtaihi further.', information respecting the means adopted by General iWolseley to make known the peaceful intentions of the /Govern?; ment/ito the disaffected populace in the Sou danese territory; An answer was returned on the /26th February. >Mr. William: Hamilton wrote on; behalf . of the Premier—", Sir,/I , am directed to acquaint you that the Premier is in receiptrof the further .communication ;;with which: hd/has'hecn favoured by/the-Exocutivo Committee' of your /Association. u They ask to be furnishod: with the date and, text of the documents by which Lord Wolseley has: en deavoured to make known that his aims are friendly to tho Soudanese, and in reply to this inquiry I am able to cite the following in stances in a letter addressed to Statin Bey on the 7th November last : — Lord Wolseley said, " I wish, if possible, to avoid all further bloodshed. My object is, upon reaching Khartoum, to establish a strong Native Gov- ernment there. I should be .glad to give peace to Mahomed Ahmed (the Mahdi), and- recognise him as Sultan of Kordofan upon his surrendering all his European and fellaheen prisoners." On the 17th November, Lord Wolseley announced in a letter to General Gordon, which Lord Wolseley expected would fall into the hands of the Mahdi, that he " should prefer to settle this business peace fully by pardoning Mahomed Ahmed and making him independent and hereditary Sultan of Kordofan, and establishing a strong native Government at Khartoum." Early in Febru ary Lord WolBely issued the proclamation to which the Premier has already referred, the text of which appeared in the Daily News of the 7tli. In these circumstances, the Premier is of opinion that no further communication on the subject could with advantage be made at the present moment. Correction. — In our last issue .the printer put £3008 as the Bum sent by the people of Adelaide to the Pope, as Peter's pence, £300 was the amount sent, and that was far too much to send to the foreigner, the great absentee landlord, who pays no taxes. 