TiIE BIBLE. \- 0 ITS T;RASIATIOS ANTD REVISIONS. SThe following lecture on the above sub ject was delivered by thie ev. Allen Mac Veanlat SundaymorningintheBrunswick Presbyterian Church. As the matter is just now of nuch importance to English speaking people, we publish the discourse, which is full of information and interest, Sin exteaso, so that our readers may note in Sa succnet firm vkrfous stages hresgli which THE sOOK has passed from the earliest ages down to the present day. The rev. gentleman based his remarks on 2nd Samuel xl chap. and 31st erse., "As for God his way is perfect, the word of the Lord is t~ed." THE I.ECTrf. Tle word of the Lord like his works was not composed and completed at once. The teaching of science as well as that of Seripture shows us that there were suc cessive creations in thieheaveins and in the earth, that one strata of the earth sui coeded another until the last was formed and that there was a suceession of vege tables and aninals suited to the circuim stances in which they were to exist And so in the composition of the Book. ' Holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost,' Thus God at sundry times and in divers mannersspake in times past unto the fathers.' These speeches were probably set down and recorded in snatches and scraps, genedlo gies were kept and events were en grossed sometimes on leaves, and skins dr tablets, and subsequently engravIen OR slabs. There were two operations in con structing scripture, tlat of inditing what :,ead ihkiiuwn and thj,Oqfl.editinso what had previously been. inscribed: Tihes two offices any have'been performed by one man. So in the books oif Moes we may assume that le collected all Genesis and sonte part of Exodus, that lie indited most of the other books, wliilu some etlhir hand addied the last chapter of Deutero nomy, and all tle live books, the 'Penta leucncomes under the name of Moses. So in the Book of Psalms, while the whole bears the name of David, Moses and others nmade contributions to the Psalter. The historical boaks had many authors, and even the proplecies were not all of those whose inols are attached unto them, but probably there were additions made to some of these hooks. There was thus a gradual growth until the old testa iment cnann was completed. These sacred books were most jealously guarded by the Jews, and were preserved in their purity, and transcribed with the utmaost ancuracy. SAs an indieation of the care with which the sacred scriptures were preserved it may he mentioned that every word and each letter of the book was counted, and that they not only knew the number, but even pointed out the wanl which stood in the middle of the whole, as well as those of the beginning and the end. Tle oldst copy extant of the Old Testament was made iu the ninth or tenth century of the Christian era, while there are copies of the NewmTertainent much older, even back as early as the fourth century. TheOld has its owns appropriate ending, while the New closes with a prohibition of adding or * taking from the words of the book of this proDhecy under the heaviest penalties, thus are the sacred scriptures sealed up, and stamped with divine authority. The Old Testament canon was completed about 400 years B.C., the New towards the close of the first century of the Christian era. Both together constitute the Bible, or what is called pre-eminently 'The Book.' The whole of the Old was written originally in Hebrew, with the exception of a few portions composed in Chaldee, a dialect of Hebrew, the New was all written in Greek, but it is gener Sally supposed that the first gospel had two originals, one in Hebrew and the other in Greek. During the third century before Christ large numbers of Jews settled in Egypt. The Greek was the common language of the learned in that age, : -d.litJecae necessary to have the . Bible tianslited 'intothat language for their use. Ptolemy Philadelphus, one of the most illustrionu of Egypt's monarchs, was friendly to the Jews. Among other works he founded the greatest library of antiquity at Alexandria, and employed seventy of the most learned men to trans late the sacred scriptures from Hebrew into Greek. With this.he adorned his library and afforded facilities to the Jews for the retention of their religion. This first translation is now known as the Septuagint or the seventy. It was com. pleted about 250 years before Christ. It came into common use in his time, and tile quotations from the Old in the New Testa ment re usually taken from the Septuagint. By asing thle Septuagint translation Our Lord sanctioned the making and the use of translations of the sacred writings into the common tongue, and we have the im mense advantage of having both the original Hebrew version and also the Septuagint version. We do not however, allow that any translation of the original text can have as much authority as the text itself, the original alone was given by inspiration of God, and to it we must appeal as our infallible authority. There is evidence that versions of the Scripture were made for the different dialects usel, such as the Syriac and the Samaritan of apostolic times, the Septuagint however was the version, the Greek speaking population used until Jerome rendered the whole Bible into latin, and this was the version in use in the western churches, and is now known as the Vulgate. Both the Septugint and the Vulgate may be regarded as faithful and excellent transla. tions of the scriptures, though neither of them is as accurate, and close. to the original, as our English Bible, the authorised version, which has now been in common use for the last 274 years. The first translation of the bible into English was made by Wickliffe, the next by Tyndal, afterwards came Coverdale and Cranmer, then the Bishop's Bible and the Generan Version, the authorised version sometimes called King James' Bible was completed in 1611, and upon the whole can hardly be surpassed for accuracy. While too much credit cannot be giren to the learned anil able and faithful men who made the authorised version, while it could not beexcelledfor purity of style, and accu racy of expression, as a whole, consider ting the circumnstinces of its aiuthor, while this English Bible must be considered as a classic which has done much to keep up the character of cur language, we cannot regard this translation as perfect in every respect The text itself is now more correctly ascertained by cpmparison of various copies than it was in their time. Our knowledge of bible lands is greater. The natural history of plants andi auimals alluded to in the sacred writings is more reliable, and with our infornition, thare should be many improvements in render ing the original text into the language of the present day. It may be also remarked tant the English tongue has considerably altered for the last 250 years. Many words in use in the 16th century have become obselete, while others mean now the very reverse of what they did then. When you read of Jonathan's artillery, aware that there were no guns in Ills day, what are you to understand by it ? and what is meant by 'bewray leasing' auches, sith, and many more Archaic expressions. The word' prevent' in our English Bible means 'precede,' while in common epeeeh it means 'to stop.' The word 'let' in our bible means 'to hinder or turn aside' but in common use it means not 'to hinder.' Isaiahli 43.13. 1 For the last 50 years there has been a growing conviction that a new tranlation I orat least a revision of the antlorised version has become necessary. In the year 1870 a convocation at Canterbury resolved to start the work and two coim panies were selected from the most learned and judicious men in the United Kingdom. One company for the revision of the Old Testament and another for the New Testa- 1 ment Soon ofterw;ids similar companies I were formed in America, and all parties r worked with a gid will and harmony. I The revision of the New Testament was completed in tea years and was publishedil in the year 1880. It was received with i unbounded interest, and wais ecauned with the striLtest scrutiny, the result being that a consensus of opinion agrees in retaining the old version, and using the new as an aid to understand the other. As a translation the new does not surpass the old, upon the whole, although some places are made plainer and generally where a change has been made, the seals is more literally rendered in the new, than it -tas in the old. The chief advantage has been 'in restoring the paragraphs in English, sonas to make the division to correspond with the original sections, and so have tho sense unbroken, as was done by the chapters and verses of our old translation. Before the Revised Old Testament was issued from the press there were sus picions that great changes would be imade, and some prejudice was created on tlis account, but now that it has rcashed fusn all such fears are dispelled, and we fihd that the Old Testament revisers have been even more conservative than thloseof the new. And that the changes are coin paratively few. Asong the rules laid down for conducting the uwork swere thleie, 'To introduce as few alterations !as possible into the text of the authorised version,consistent with faithfulness:.' To limit as far as possible the expressionsof such alterations to the language of the older English versions. 'To revise the headings of the chapters and pages,' para graphs, italics and punctuation.' These resolutions have been faithfully adhered to, and the result has certainly been advantageous. We have now the para graphs in the new Bible corresponding to the Hebrew text. We have the poetic parts put into parallel lines after English usage. The two versions, the authorissd and the revised, are printed in parallel columns in one volume, with the marginal renderings of each version retainer in their respective places. We can now see that notling has been ,lost,. while' some thing bsa beeigiaiised by thle labstq of the revisers. . " We may briefly note the method ad opted in conducting the Revision. W\hen the company met, their Secretary read aloud the original Hebrew or Greek as the case might be, one verse at a tiue, then the authorized versionuof the sraie, auid then the proposed changes. The authors of these proposed changes might be pre sent, or they might send their proposals in in writing. Eac!: proposed change was moved and seconded ami fully discussed, and if carried by a majority, was received. The whole book was thus guoe over for the first time, then they colmnissced a second revision, fullowisngthe same plans but making no change unless earried by a majority of two thirds of the company. For the third time the whole was gone over again, and the work was relined and finished off, each imatter reqiuiring asi na jority of two thirds to carry it. Each comi pany sat for asesioun of ten days in suc cession, and for six hours each day mak ing" up 85 sessions, or 792 days, extend ing over 14 years. The labor must have been very arduous. Of the 36 men ori ginally asppointed in Great IBritain, only 15 are now remnainig, the others died or resigned. Their places for the first live years, were filled up by fresh appoint ments. As the work of the companies in Eng land progressed, the results were for warded to the American companies wio made their proposals and cgiticismts arid these were again considered by the coin. pany in London, and were received or re jected after discussions and decisions as in former revisions. The amendments suggested by the American divines,. and rejected by'the British, are printed as an appendix to each of the Testaments, old and new, And on these proposed changes we may riemark that they are generally more in harmony with the present usages of the Eunlish language. and we would consider thcis improvements, but weo greatly admire the 'conservatism of the British revisers. Let us mention a few samiples of the American suggestions which were rejected by the English, they would reject at, the head of each book where it occurs, the word-:saint' and they would read the gospel iaccording to lMat thewr, Mark, Luke and John. They would expungo'thelivord Ghost and read the ' Holy Spirit,' in all. thli texts lvhsere it occurs. Instead of 'tempt,' they would put 'try' for'testantent' they would prefer 'covenant,' and for 'apprehend,' they would substitute .lay hold on,' the tendency of the Americans being to modernise the words while English reverence for. the Bible cling to its termns even when they have gone out of use in common books and conversations. . After all the labours of the revisers the changes made in our English Bible are immaterial, and they are not always san improvement. The first we find. in Genesis, 1 chap., and 2nd verse, for 'Without form and void' they msake it 'waste and void.' The 'unicorn' they render 'wild ox.' For the word translated variously in the authorised version. 'lhell,' the 'grave' and 'pit' they retain the IIebrewc sheol. Thegiamts, of which we real in the old veraion, they replace by the Hebrew word Nephilim. And for what we read as grove connected with idolatrous worship they retain the Hebrew Asherah. They have not done away with obselete and archaic expressions, and even the words that lhave changed their spelling and others that have changed their meaning are still retained. Almost all thie indeli. cate terms are continued, and upon the whole fidelity was preferred to taste, and truth is not compromised. The more we compare King James' Bible with the original and with othler translations and revisions, the more we appreciate it and every trial to improve it only attests itA accuracy. Not that it is perfect, nor is any other translation equal to the oriinal nor will any ever be. Our authorised translation is probhablyas good as ever w:e shaltget. What- we winh to be lone is to teach the young to read the sciptures in their inspired words, those which tlhe HIoly Spirit taught their writers. Apart Itrom the intrinsic mierit of the revised version the work will accomiplish micehl good. Think of the millions of copies that will be put into circulation, the care with which it will be read and considered, the criticisms and comparisons that will be made, and the search that will be made of thie scriptures. Will not Christians be thus edified and careless ones convinced, and shall not contidence in our BIlible be better cstablished ? All this should enhance our assurance of the doctrine as well as out trust inea.chl text of the'truthl . And think of the progress mad" in the ditffuion of Divine truth into the various nations of the world. The Bible is now translated into 260 tonguec, and one society has within this century circulated one hIiired million coplies of it. What miust be the total of its circulation, and yet the interest is increasing annually, and never have the scriptures been sooghlt with such avidity as has been evoked by this last revision. At miidniight the stores were opened for its sale, yet even, then, the crowds that rushed for it, coubl not Ie supplied withll sufficient rapidity. \Who can be so careless as to neglect this book, the sdcret of England's greatnessa, the 3 leaven that is spreading to the whole ,world ? Like as ' the rain cometh ldown from heaven and retunleth not thither, r but watereth the earth and makethl it bring forth and bud that it may gi-ve seed to the sower and bread to the eater so shall My word be that gooth forth out I of My mouth; it shall not return unto Me void, but it shall accoimplish that which I I choose, and it shall prosper in that thing wlhelreto I sent it.' 