THE AUSTRALIANS." AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL IJV DAVID O. I'ALK. finn-ran XXXII.— The Voice op Lovb. Tlio weary, weary honrs came and wont, the summer sun uprose end dipped, tlio slanting shadows lcngtlicncd nnd disappeared, nnd still tie sufferer lay with wandering mmd and pur- insolcw speech, powerless m tho loll grasp o Lirium. Days passed hoforo it worked itself " ' l,telr out; but nt Inst tlio timo came when its Inst traces left the injured man, and reason once again returned to its throno. Ned nnd his mother woro in tho sick chamber nt tho time A feeble call of " Mother 1" brought both 'in an instant to tlio bedside. As they approached poor Jack turned to them with a limit attempt at his old smile. _ "Mother I Ned 1" ho said, "Thank God, reason lias returned," mur mured Mrs. Moorlands, fervently, with tenrs in herofes. " My darling boy 1" "Jack, yon know mo again t "Of course, Nod; know yon? Why dot?!' ho returned, after a moment's pauso ; and ho tried to stretch out his uninjured hand, bnt so weak was he, it dropped powerless on the k6" My poor boy!"' said Mrs. Moorland'. "Don't oxcrt yonrself.- You haTo been ill- very ill." ' »I know it, mother;" ho nnsworod, in a fcoblo voice so unlike tho lusty tones of tho Jack of a 6hort weok ago. " But tell mo, wlint was it ? Ah I know — I remember. Tho' chalk-pit. I must hnvo gono over; All I- ndw I romoinber. . Ned's mare bolted, mid Miss Trcntham — Mother, for God's sake, did she — she — ?" "No; no;" answered Mrs. Moorlands soothingly. "She was saved! But you mustn't — " "Saved," cchood Jack, "Hurrah! Hurrah 1 Snch a feeble cheer it was— such a very ghost of a ouo, it was pitiable to hear it. " Hush ; hush ; my son," whispered Mrs. Moorlands apprehonsivoly. "You must not excite yoursolf. You must not talk,' ' Be good, Jack, dear ; and obey the doctor's ordors." "But, mother, I must know what lias occurred," he whispered back faintly ; " to sot my mind at rest. Where's Ned ?" "He's gono for tho doctor." " Well, beforo tho doctor comes. Tell mo. Who saved Maiy Trenthain ?" "Mr. Burnsido." ' I thought so. I thought so: God bless you for that, Stuart, old comrado. It's takeu a groat weight oil my mind, mother: for Ishould have bccu to blatno for not taking botterenre — God hiess yon, Stuart ; I'll never forget this." " Mory was not in tho least hurt, so mako your mind easy, my son said tho fond mother solicitously. ."Thank God I Then I am tlio only one — but I seem to remember .somo ono clso — some body who tried — " " Hero's tho doctor, at last," murmured- Mrs. Moorlands in tones. of inexpressible relief, for she was afraid to inform tho poor sufferer of William's death in his precarions condition. "Here's tlio doctor at last. Try and compose . yourself, my dear hoy." What's this?", cried Dr. Poglor, as lio entered followed by Ned. "Confabulations going on bctwocn nurso nnd patient. , Didn't I ray I mistrusted relations ?. sweethearts, mothers, brothers — tboy'ro all tho same,. Bah!" As lie bent over the bed examining Iho pa tient. poor Jack looked np imploringly in his face, and whispered faintly, "Doris." The doctor moved to ouo side, and Mrs. Moorlands bent down to touch her son's bandaged fore head with her lips. "Doris is well, my son," she murmured in Lis ear " I want io — sec — lior," ho whispered. "No; no;" interrupted tho doctor. "It is impossible just yet. Wait a littio— just a little time. . No more talking now, you are too much excited as it is. You will sco your sweetheart beforo long. But now you must composo yourself. You know mo — Pcgler; I say it. Composo yourself, and you will seo your sweet heart nil the sooner. Whilst the doctor was talking in a subdued voice, ho was taking minuto stock of his pa tient. Jack lay, quito exhausted with tho exertion of holding the whispered conversation with his mother, so motionless, breathing eo lightly, he might hnvo been dead for any visible sign of life ho gave. Tlio doctor inndo a loug and careful examination, nnd thou beckoned tho two out of tlio room. "He is better now that he lias come to," bo raid gravely, " of course much better. But jm is yet far from being out of tlio wood, there is extraordinary loss of vitality. Ho Wants rest, nourishment, sleep, and tho most carciul nursing. His strength is at so low an ew>, everything must be done to bring it back, are. tare. Care. That's what ho wants, eep and nourishment, and no excitement, i— ieglcr— say it." M„lita,W0lmd 'n "10 Imud, doctor, "said Mrs. 0t"®aPprehensively ; " is there any fear 1,rain 's uninjured, quite. I £ 60 from the first, tiiorigh the con- 1,;. . n mas' Imvo been tremendous. To get forti"! that is what is wanted, nnd Lm/hrt 1 ? must do your host— mother, Its. "w Pcgler — wo nil must help." «ni r„'i. 'I" _say, the invalid's strength did the hoiUi' i, addei T'Kr was infused into the fJi rSS 'J"'® — no quickening flow aidod viialiu r,Imlf!i0113 of ,if0- Strength and Jack L, ?'i return ; on the contrary, poor rr»ve l', "VCr a,nd lowcr- Tll "lector looked atKiiU u-ni. i Jrot,lcr "Ud friends all went hearts m adof anguished fear at their aaxio , ,, ro "lays passed wearily aud ioprovemo.' CaCh showed si8n o£ Ecn\ih9 £'m., ."'h' 'le had recovered Ins Poor Jnekv f0.ma"m'K seemed to bo trouhliug ffiscr.nL y'f/1 w,,s i,r"cisd-T ihy Doris lvn), was connected with eoftly to himsel'f I''11 rel,cat her iiamo 'ono of troubled nnT "f v,cr aKuiu in orcry each time tli i ?n,rcatT a""1 uneasiness, and 'nrn his ® door opened ho would "eh of diKflm?'- "Z®5 iu l,lat direction, nnd a %wheu s2Wtm0,nt won,d oooapo from his It vT « ?u ' elB0 entered. senses that then n "ftor 'ho rccovery of his 'hat waa troublm hi W Tk 0,1 t,l "hject . : troubling him. Nod happened to be Ah nmmgemenu urUh the author in tlio room alone with his brother, when a faint call snnlinoiled hini to the bedside, " Well, Jack, old follow, 'what can I. do for you? lie said tenderly. " You lire not in paid, I hope, " ".No, Nod, no pain," lie answered feebly. II But sit down, I waiitto speak, to you, " " No, no; It's against tho doctor's orders," " You must hear me, Nod. I may not he nblo to talk to you again." "Why, what do yon mean, .Jack?" The poor fellow smiled sadly. " I mean, Ned, that my strength .is going — going. If you won't hear mo now, you may never know wlint it is I wish io say." " Jack, Jack," cried his brother, imploringly. " For God's sake, don't speak like that. You will recover— you must. What is it to bo laid on tho brond of your back ior a fow weeks ? In another month you will boubout again." " No, Ned, never," ho answered faintly. " I m too far gono. I'm shattered, lock, stock and barrel. There isn't nkick left in mo." There was a fuiut attempt at his old whimsi cality in his way of speaking that was simply heartbreaking to poor Ned sitting by him. Ho could only wavo his hand with a gesture of dissent, and turn his face away to Iiido the tears that sprang unbidden to his eyes. "Don't, Jack, don't talk liko that, for God's sake," ho oxclaimed brokenly. \- " Well ; it must come to that, dear old hoy, in tho cud," ho answered, " and what's tlio odds if it comes a year or two sooner or a year or two later. I've had tweuty-ciglit good sound years of life, und that's more than a liorse, or a dog, or a sheep ; so what's there to compinin of ? Don't you remember Momus, tlio big bay Suffolk Punch, ho died. And Jerry, my blnck and tan sheep dog ; and tho Snuritcror colt ; and that bald faced old marc that used to buck so. They all died, why shouldn't I then ?" His mind scorned to wander slightly as ho spoke ; but ho brought himself back to tho subject by an effort. 1 " What was I saying, Ned?" he murmured faintly, after, n pause. "Yes, 1 know. About Doris. Poor littio Doris, om I never to soo her ugain? Listen, Ned, you lovo her. I know it ; you lovo her." "I lovo her? Jack, you nro mistaken," ho answered soothingly. "Don't you know sho is your promised wife ?" " Yes ; yes," responded the invalid ; and tho intensity of his feelings made his voico strong for the timo. "I know it. But you lovo her, I found that out ; although it is kind of you to deny it whilst I lio liko a log hero. You wish to spare mo. But listou to mo, Ned," ho con tinued solemnly. "I givo her to you us a sacred cliargo. I fool I shall never again move from this bed until l am carried away for good and all. "Jack! Jack! "sobbed Ned. " Yes, I feel it," he continued slowly, " and I givo Doris to you as a sacred clinrgo. Tho vicar is old and failing ; sho will havo uo ono to tako care of her soon. You must be all to her. You lovo her — you must mako her your wife." - " Tho noblo regard for tho well hoing of hor lio loved so truly spoke not only from liis lips, but shono iu the' light of his eyes. There was a bright gleam of tenderness in them as ho con tinued murmuring more to himself than to his companion, " Sweet littio. Doris. Sho mast not he left alone — that must not bp. I shall never tako hor To my heart now — never— uovor. The old days are passed, all, mo ! hover to como again. Nod mast take my place. Ho loves her ; lio must ho all in all to lior." " Ned," he continued with strango energy, " swear to me that you will mako her your wife. Wo havo boon truo friends aud comrades through life — do this thing for mo at tlio end. Swear to ino, Ned, that you will." " Jack, Jack," nnswered poor Ned brokenly ; " I cannot, I caunot. You will recover — you must." "You think of me, Nod," panted poor Jack, alas 1 so feebly it was pitiablo to hear him ; " hut I will never be able to tako hor to my heart again. Novor again. I think now but of you and hor Swear to mo, Ned that you will mako hor your wifo." " 1 swear," ho answered firmly, " to protect and guard her .to tho utmost of my power," and with that answer poor Jack seemed content for tho timo heiug. But sad to say, after tliat ho sank still more. It was not that his strength waned more, nor his pnlso grow feebler — thoy .could hardly havo douo that without lifo having deported alto gether ; but a dull lothargv scorned wholly to envelop hiin, Ho was not delirious, but his mind scorned to bo an dutiro blank for tho timo being. Ho again foil to muttering Doris's namo over nnd over again to himself ; but it was evident that uo meaning was attached to it in his mind. The relapse was sorioUB, That coma of mind and body seemed so very near to death itself, that the doctor feared tlio narrow boundary between tho two might be passed; and that the bruised body would sink from ono to tho other without further sign or .movement. Everything was done that the doctor's skill could possibly invout ; hut overihiug proved futilo iu arousing tho patient from tho dull iethnrgy into which lie hod fallen. Mrs. Moorlands — Nod — Stuart, thoy all tried by their presence to awako an answering chord in poor Jack, but all iu vain. Theu Dr. I'ogler called a hasty family council. " There is ono more chance," ho said. "Let Miss Grey try. Sho may succeed where wo havo failed." " " Ab, yes," said Doris, "let mo try." "Yon must bo bravo, young lady," inter posed tho doctor. " Yon must not givo way. Everything, perhaps, depends upon you. Go to hiin and sco if you cannot make him recog nise you, Speak to him; tbo sound of your voice may arouso him. Bo bravo and go. ite- mcinbcr it is I — Poglor — who say it again — Courage." "I will try. Yes, I will try," said poor littio Doris, white and tearful. " Let mo go with yon, darling," whispered Mary. "I will not lot him seo me, but my being with you may cucourago you." "Yos, como, Mary," sho answered. "If I hold your haud I shall bo bravo." And so, hand in hand, thoy wont into the sick chamber. Poor, trembling Doris could hardly repress an exclamation of affright as sho saw tho ban daged head and the pallid foes of him sho had only known as tho vory type of manly strength and vigor. Tho sight of him lying there so helpless, so stricken 'down, camo to hor with snch a sadden shock that she could only clasp Mary's hand convulsively aud gnzo aflrightcdly at tlio bed. "Remember, Doris," wliisporcd Alary, "you raiist bo bravo. Don't give way. Go to him, darling," " Yes, yes," sho Whispered tremulously, " I will try," and' still clasping her companion's hand, she approached tho bedside. Jack's oyos were' turned blankly up, nnd his lips were inaudibly forming her homo. Doris hont tremblingly over Iho bed, aud whispered in liis car : ' " Jack; dear ; do' yon know mo ?" At tho sound of her voico n gleam of intelli gence and1 plciisnro lit up his eyes; hut lie neither moved nor answered. "My darling," whispered Doris again, im ploringly. " It's I, Doris. Oh, Jack 1 don't you know "mo ?" A second flash of intolligonco brightened liis eyes. His lips formed tho word " Doris ;" but this timo there was meaning, there was recog nition in tho faint sonnd. "Yott know mo. You know mo!" sho whispered joyfully. " Dear, dnrling Jack." In her truo loving interest her fright had vanished. ' Sho might turn sick and faint with dismay at first, poor child, but her heart was made strong by truo lovo. Sho bent further down and pressed hor lips tenderly to her lover's. "My poor, poor darling 1" sho murmured in liis oar. " " Doris !" ho murmured back again. "Yes, Doris who loves you," she auswered, drawing his uninjured arm gently round her neck, "who wauts you to get bettor for hor sake. Your littio wilo, dear Jack, who loves you.!' "Dear Doris," ho murmured tenderly; "kiss mo again." ' Tlio dark cloud had been pierced by tlio light of lovo ; tlio presence— tho voico of her he lovod had called back to lifo ami intelligence tho deadened spirit. " You must get well quickly," pressing her lips lightly to liis over and over again." " j want yon ; I cannot livo without yon." " I havo been wanting you too, darling. I hnvo been thinking of you always," ho auswered faintly, but with iuliuito love iu tho feeble tones. " Oh, Jack ; nnd wo nil have missed yon so." There was a slight sob in her voico when sho thought of tho great blank there had been iu their midst of Into; but sho continued stoutly. " You will soon bo bettor now, and then wo shall bo together again never more to part, my poor darling." "Perhaps. Perhaps;" ho answered with n passing shado of sadness. " Oh, yes ; never more to part. And hero's Mary como to tellyou to got hotter too." "Yes, you will soon bo better now, Mr. Moorlands," said Mary with grave, quiet sym pathy. " You havo boon very ill; hut you are over tho worst now, thank God. " You nro not hurt then," whispered Jack. "Ah yes; I romombor. It was Stuart. Bravo follow 1 Bravo follow! Where is he 1 I would liko to so 3 liim. I tried — but it was no good." " You tried to save mo most nobly," answered Mary. But Jack only shook his head slightly, nnd said, "No. Stuart did it all. Bravo fellow." -At- this juncture there was a slight uoiso at tho door, and' tlio doctor could be seen beckon ing tho two girls out of tho room. "We must go now, Doris, dear," said Alary. " Wo havo beon long onough." A wistful look camo into poor Jack's faco. " No ;" ho murmured faintly. " Stay"' "Darling," whispered Doris;" wo must not bo too long with yon. Yon must ho kept quiet. " Everything 'depends upon that." : " I will bo quiot. Stay a littio longer. " " No, I must not, my poor darliug. You must try and composo yourself. This talking excites you," "You will come again." " Yos, again and again. Do you think I could g top away from you, uow that I hnvo been with yon? Whenever! may como, I will. Good- byo. Good-byo." "Good-bye I" said the poor follow, wist fully. " Sweet littio Djris, good-byo." Tho poor child kissed tbo pallid lips of her lover toudorly, over uud over again, aud, with a great, unuttercd sob at her heart, turned, and left tho chamber with her cousin. " It is done ; ho will recover I" exclaimed tlio doctor, joyously. "You are a good littio girl — a. very good girl. You havo done what tlio doctor couldn't do. I press you iuto my ser- vico from this timo ou. Wo will briug hiin round between us." "My dcurchild !"oxcinimod Mrs. Moorlands, tearfully. " Receiro a mother's thnuks. I trust to God that this is the first stage of recovery." " Amon I" said Stuart. Poor littio Doris was in tears at lost. " Let me bo with him of ton, "sho sobbed on Mary's .shoulder ; "it is his wish." " And you shall, my dear," answered the doc- Tor,' paternally ; " you do him more good than all my nostrums put together . You are a bravo little girl, and wo shall sco you married before very long, I know." "Como with mbj darling," whispered Mary. "All this has agitated you. Como." "Yes, go to my room," said Mrs. Moorlands " nnd composo yonrself, my dear. I will send yon up a cap of tea." : And so tbo littio conclavo broke up. Ciiaiter XXXIII.— An Ixvamd'sPancv. That , iuterviow between Doris and Jack heralded a slight change for Iho bettor in tho invalid. Ho did not advance rapidly towards recovery ; but that dangerous coma — that lethargy — did not again omlako him. His strength was woefully wasted, his vitality as low as it could be, but still there was an un doubted cliango for the hotter i u his condition. Ho did not kuow it himself, bnt tbo doctor's practised oyo could sco it. As for poor Jack, lio thought himself beyond hopo of recovery. Ho was so unused to illucss, so unused to that dead fooling of powcrlessness iu every ncrvo and fibre, that tlio consciousucss of it served to on- gondcr dark nnd morbid feelings. Tho only gleam of sunshino that camo to onlivon him- was that afforded by Doris's prcsonce. Sho was constantly in tho sick room after that first interview. Tho nourishment, tho food tho poor fellow had to tako, hp would accept from no other hand but licrs; ho was anxious if sho was absent, placid and content when sho was near hiin. And it was a labor of lovo to Doris to nltond to hor strickon lover ; sho, too, was un happy whon sho had to bo out of tho room, when she could not bo by his 6ido. Tho utmost depths of her tender littio heart had boon touched by tho misfortune that lrad .overtaken her lover. Sho showed that sho possessed that wealth of unselfish lovo and devotion that misfortune invariably brings to the surface iii all true womanly hearts. Poor .Tack I Doris's very lovo and devotion mado hiin think all tlio more of lier future. Lor himsolf, lio felt iio was doomed. Ordiuarily of so sanguino a nature, all hopo soomod to havo departed from him— liis mind, his forti- tudo, his courage ware prostrate as well us liis body. Never was Doris and her future out of his mind Men lying on abed of sickness tako strango fancies into tlioir heads sometimes, hut with Jack his thoughts woro more than tho mere vngnrios of nn invalid. How. much he had thought on tho subject Doris herself was to know tho day succeeding that on which sho had won him back from tile dull lethargy that had overpowered him. She wus sitting by tho bedside towards tho close of tho afternoon holding his hand in hers. Ho was asleep, and had beon when sho lind entered; but sho had taken up hor position by tlio bed side, so that when ho awoke his first glance should fall upon her. Poor Jack was muttering heavily to himsolf in his sleep. Tho uaines of his brother and of Doris horsolf were constantly intermingled ou his lips As Doris listened, and heard tho tones of lovo and affection in which her namo was always ejaculated by tlio sleeper, a great feeling of unspoken lovo and devotion welled up iu lior henrt in response, and sho beut down and pressed her lips touderly to thoso of her lover. As she did so his eyes opened, and ho murmured "Doris." " Yes, dear Jack; it is I," sho returned. '! I havo boon watching by you whilst yon were asleep. You have slept a long timo ; it will' do yon a great deal of good." " I havo been dreaming abont you, darling," ho whispered aftor a pause. " Pleasant dreams, I hope, dear Jnck.!' " All, yes ; very pleasant. Too. pleasant to como truo," ho murmured with a sigh, "Well, weU; nevermind. Everything will bo pleasant for you Soon, whon you get better. But it is timo you had something now. I must go aud tell tlio doctor that you aro awako again." " No ; no ;" he whisporcd nrgently ; " don't go yet. I want to speak to you." " I must, Jnck dear. You can speak after wards, if it will not oxcitoyou." " No ; no. Now," he urged feebly. "Bend down, Doris, I feci that I shall not ho here much longer now ; you must hear ino." There was that excitement beginning to mako itself visihlo in tlio eyes of the patient which tho doctor had cautioned all to avoid from arousing, so that Doris for fear of ill consequences stayed. "Don't oxcite yourself, Jack, dear," sho said soothingly. " You kuow I will do always a; you wish." " Good littio Doris," he whispered fondly. "Givo mo your baud again, sweetheart," ho continued solemnly ; " I feci I shall not long be liora now, and I am thinking of you alone and unprotected in tho world. Yonr falhor is old, my poor child, nnd I, who might havo been everything to you, I, too, must leave you. Oh, my darling ! it is so hard to think of it so'linrd — so hnrd." Tho tender heart of tho poor girl throbbed wildly at her lover's words ; despito lior strougest resolution hor eyes brimmed over witli anguished tears. "Jack I Jock I" sho exclaimed brokenly. " Oh ; don't talk liko that ; you'll break my heart." " Darling 1" ho answered,, and his fcoblo whisper sounded almost solemn in the silence of tlio chamber ; " it must come to it sooner or later. Bottcr face it now than whou it might bo too into, I must go ; but I cauuot dio and Icavo you unprotected. I want you to think of Ned. Ho loves you — loves yoa devotedly." Doris started, "No, uo ;" she exclaimed hurriedly, " Yes, 1 kuow it," ho interrupted, " You both say uo ; but I know it. Ho loves yon, and ho is good and devoted. Doris, my beloved, whom I can never call wife, it is my dying wish that you should marry Ned. If you will promiso, I con die happy." Doris's tears rolled unheeded down her cheeks; her eyes were fixed with a look of anguish upon her lover. " Jack, dear ; dear Jnck 1" she sobbed. "I am your own promised wifo. You will recover — you must. Why do you wish mo to marry another? Don't you lovo mo any more ?" " Lovo yon J" ho answered, and feeling lent an added vigor to tlio fuiut tones of his voico. " You ask ino that, Doris, whether I lovo you? Yes, lying here crushed and manglod, knowing that I shall never press you to my heart again, I love you more than I ever did. Sly heart yearns for yon, my promised wifo. The last remnant of lifo is still precious to mo for your sake." Tho deep, fooling in his voice and in the word3 ho uttered found an echo in Doris's dis tracted heart. "I did not mean that," sho sobbed. "I know— and I lovo yon too, ah 6omucb. And whon yon get welt again— — " "I shall never recover," bo answered hope lessly. "I feel it here — in my heart. Look, I cannot even raise my band, I ain a mere helpless log ; I shall never recover. Yon most promise me, darling, to do as I wish. At first, yon will, mourn mo— yes, yon will mourn; but time will haul yonr Eorrow, and then yon most marry Ned. Good, clever Ned, ho is my second self — he will be to yon what I con nevor bo. Promise, darling, promise me. . "1 cannot. Oil 1 I cannot;" sho sobbed pitifully. "I am yonr promised wifo. My heart is all yonrs. Oh ; Jack I Jack I dan t ask mo." A look of agony passed over the poor fel low's face. "To have to die," ho muttered wildly to himself ; " and givo np love and lifo and hope so young 1 Oh ; it is bitter — bitter. My past' life has boon hard, and now my happiness- comes bnt to bo lost. Bnt don't woep, my idarling," ho continued tenderly, making a vain effort to lay bis hand on hor head, for Doris had. buried- hor tearfnl faco on the pillow in a paroxysm of bitter anguish. "Don't weep. It unmans . me when 1 sea yonr tears. Tiiis weakness makes mo a coward. I thought X had more courage." "Oh ; Jack! Darling Jock 1" sobbed Doris. " You must promiso mo," ho continued after a pause, "that after 1 am gono you will tako Nod. I will dio happy if I know that you will have a protector when I am gono. Nod is good, and more thoughtfal than I am. You will monrn at first; bnt afterwards yon will be happy with him. And then ho will stop here with my poor mother, and sho will bo consoled. Promise mo, my darling ; promiso mo that vou will do what I wish." Poor, timid, weak, loving Doris! What could she do- but acquiesce ? Her iicart was torn with emotion ; her every pulse throbbed with wild lovo nud devotion for the mail Iviiig there prone nnd helpless, but whose every thought was of her. To sootlio liis last mo ments she would sacrifice herself willingly; to give him peace nothing could he too great. "If you wish it," sho whispered in a voico pitiful in its hopelessness, " I will obey you ; but it will break my heart, dear Jack." " No. No. You must forget mo, and then you will bo happy. _ It is best so— best so. Kiss me, my lost darling, press your pure lips to mine nnd ratify your promise." It was a solomn kiss that Doris bent over and gave to hor helpless lover. Not the kiss of lovo answering love, not tho customary kiss that lover gives to lover it was rather a solemn, passionless embrace in which two pure souls met, aud went out ono to tho other in- mutual heartfelt acknowledgment. A slight noise at this juncture came to dis turb the lovers; the door was quietly opened, and Ned made liis way into tlio room. " Not nslcep, dear old boy," ho said cheer fully. " Aud Doris hero keeping you com pany. Why ; you look a hundred per cent better to-day, Jack." "Do I, Ned?" ho said wearily. "Yes. But I came to seo if I could do any. thing for you. The mater's still aslcen downstairs ; sho was thoroughly tired out. And tho Doctor was called suddenly away about half-an-liour sj;o. I didn't know Doris was hero ; I thought you might bo still asleep." " Nevor mind, Ned ; I am glad yon have come, for I want to speak to you. Give mo your hand. You know what I talked to you about — you have not forgotten ?" Doris knows too. ' "Don't think about us, Jack ; yon are quits exhausted," said Ned in n troubled voice. "For Heaven's sake, lot tho thing be for another time." He tried to attract Doris's attention— to find out what sho would wish him to do, lint her face was downcast and her tears were rolling fast. "No. No. We three nro alone now, anil I may not havo another opportunity. 1 feel that I cannot rest without knowing that Doris will find a protector whon I am gono. Promiso me, Ned, for I feel my strength going. You love her. By our hrotliorly lovo — by our bonds of companionship — I givo her to yon. Think not of mo. I shall be happy knowing that my love will bo safe with my dear brother when I nm gone. Poor Jack spoke with such weary hopeless ness in his voice, nnd yet so feelingly, tliut Ned could not hilt bo deeply touched. " Jack, dear old Jnck 1 Don't talk liko that," ho cried in tones of anguish. " Who can think of such thing3 at a time like this?" " But another tiino mny ho too late." said poor Jack faintly. " Give mo your hand, Deris. Now, as I hold your two hands in mine, promise mo, both of you, that when I am gone you will become man and wife." As his fecblo words died away, a silence flint was almost solemn reigned iu tho chamber. Doris wept, but silently ; Ned's eyes were fixed on her with a gaze of despair. It was n trying situation for tho two standing over the bed of tlio injured man. What could Ned do, loving Mary as lio did, knowing that Doris was aware of it — what was lie to do ? Could ho say right out that ho had no lovo for Doris further than for a dear sister? He had tried to say so before, but ho had not been believed ; and now pool Jack was in sucii an excited stato, lie knew that his words would fall idly on liis ears. Besides, whether lie (Ned) loved Doris or no, lie felt thnt Jack would bo neno tlio less anxious to fiud a protector in liim for her. Could lie re fuse bis brother's request, could he stand out against it, when, perhaps, it might bo the last ho would mako on earth ? No ; cost what it might, ho would show his devotion, his love, even though it would wreck his life to do so. And then, too, strong nt his heart was the belief that liis brother was not in such a hopeless con dition s ho himself iinngined, that he woule recover nnd claim Doris himself in duo time. As for Doris feelings of a somowlmt similar kind, softened by Jior woman's nature, worked in her mind. Her emotion absorbed her whole boing, and all sho was anxious for, seeing, that this thing distressed and excited poor Jack, wai to obey him, if only to calm and pacify liira. " Promiso mo, both of yon," whispered Jack again, " that when lam gone yon will bccomn man and wifo. Promise mo." In the intensity of his feeling ho tried to raise himself onto his injured nnn, but the effort was vain. Tho exertion — slight as it was — caused a groan to burst from his lips, and made him turn up his eyes with a look of helpless anguish to Doris nud Ned. _ " Oh, my poor darling !" sobbed tho former 'pitifully. "Don't, don't. I promiso to do any thing yon wish." " And 1 too, Jack,'' said Nod dooply. A look of snprcmo happiness camo into Jack's pallid faco ; his eyes gldainod with a sadden fire. " Thank Heaven !" ho murmured- faintiy ; "I shall die happy," and thon mattering, in a whisper of tendercst regret. My lost darliugl" his eyes closed — speech loft him— and he lay to nil appearances lifeless, in a fit of deadly exhaustion. 