WARRACKNABEAL. r!o -o-n? I(rant e ows counssrONrDENTo ) Monday. Fridav was a tred leter day for Warrack ta l, than:ks to that onergetic and liberal :etineer. '.r. F. P. tevens, who deserve r-At credit for or'snising a horseparadeand n?ual sale. r it was the means of bringing a?t a small crowd of farmers to our rapidly .:.rog townv, eand the streets were lined with ;-tr! s-i'ors. No doubt the splendid :sars we have been blessed with had some thinstodoa itll bringing so many farmers ,in. IcTh eple p ground was close to the sale erds, and there I found some hundreds of isamer collected' At the parade, the first prize was £3 3s for ;!e best draught entire, standing and owned rithin 1I miles of Warmraknabeal. Five -plendil animals entered the ring in this tacion and the prize was awarded to Mr. hIomas M!' lueen, of Werrigar, for Scotch (Carle Pride. Lord WVolseley arrived too .?,t to compete, and Mr. Mat. Bodey'n Young ;atnquishetlr ias not allowed to com ales the owaner was not residing within the pnrxribe radius. For the best dranght breod nmare, any age, prize £2 2s, the first. prize went to LMr. G. Powell, of Sheep Hills, fors bay mare; four competed. For the best draughl gelding, prize, £2 2s, Alex. King. horn, Cannum South, ch g Punch; and for the hest t wo year old colt or filly, prize £2 R2, icre compcted, the first prize going to Mr 9. CTsark filly ; Mr. J. Mfood's colt gaining 2nd prize. For the best draught colt or filly, by foangLord Galloway, 1st prize was awarded to 3lr. J. lood, and a special prize of £2 2s, or the best blood entire to lMr. Bunge, of bltep Hills, with Countryman ; three en ties. Another special prizd for the best earling, the progeny of the thoroughbred horse, Hero, was carried off by Mr. J. Smith, irr'gar, with a bay colt. The judges were M?asa. C. Bertrand, S. Allan and J. W. Robinson At the annual sale there was a very large attendance, and a great number of horses changed hands, but at anything but satisfac. tory prices, as there is no demandfor any kind e horse stock oand the market is glutted. On -:unlray the sales of sheep and cattle were ore brisk, and them was a great improve ment on the previous day's Esae in bidding, especially for the fat cattle, but them was no demand for pigs, although there was a fine anmpte offered. Poor iMrs. Ilill and her friends arrived dst nilht. bringing the sad news tlhat their aon Robert died in the hospital on Sunday morning. llis remains am to be interred h?re on Tuesday. The concert and hall in aid of the ilorsham llospital, I am pleased to be able tos report, was a success in every way. It was held in the large new store of M1r. Cast, which lhd been kindly lent for the occasion, and there were over 400 persons preaset, and as I prophesied .' the gentlemen dithe burnt cork " got up a good evening's entrtar-inment. Alout S o'clock the curtain ease and showed a circle of eleven ministrels, ?a?sosr Samuel and Atkinson acting as the bsaes, antl Messrs Meek and Krone as toabas. The following progrnme was gone thrsugh in a very creditable manner :--Song, " Mother's with the Angels," AIr. E. W. SLpson; song, " Go and tell Maria," Mr. A L. Samuel; song, " Still I love thee," lIr. U. Simpson ; song, " Genevieve" MIr. It A. Spackmann; song, " Mrs. Brady's tlanoforte," Mr. F. A. Atkinson; song, Fliortr Girl, " Mr. A. Stevens; song, L'aoys keep asway from tine girls," MIr. W. Meek; song,, "Roses underneath the noew,' Mr. S. Vaughan (encore); ang, "Picture on the wall," Mr. U. lMiddleton : song, " She has gone aay," 3Ir. P. Krone; song, " Little Sweet sert conme and kiss me," Dr. V. J. Carroll. Finale, " Cup l)ay," by the company. After a5 interval ,f five minutesMr. Syd Sampson delicerel his stump speech "Yer don't know tr sorn." and caused great mirth. Mr. S. laughan's song "Cottage Gate," was Lsartily enco-red The next item on the pro "pmme was healed "A Niger Farcical Abhrditty-S!ocunn's Dog." Tihe characters, Jefdersoln ones (a lover of Miss Slocum's), L.in Jima, (i darkie masher), and Pete (an ILtat s?h?Urll,by). were taken by Messrs. I- e Largy D'Alton, F. Iesemeres and F. as Atkinson respectively; each character eas wall cst, and the farce caused a great ? of aserr;ment. Mr. J. Edgar was again scessful inn pleasing the audience with his 't dances, and received an encore. Mfr. G "snlpso's esng.. "Happy Family," was well reined, andl Ar. F. 11. Atkinson's "Nigger a ts" were very amusihg. MIr. Emerson linc-red a lecture on "Ghosteses," and the .terttinmnent concluded with the negro 'e, "l'larl,:r ' Shop " aMr. A. Stevens took ie ,part of " Proprietor," Mr. P. Krone l as bl ishaver general," and Mr. A. L. uel as " Deputy shaver." The farce ta5ahled a lot of fun, and was much appre itae hy ithe audience. Mr. Chandler (olm~ ) andl Master Laventhal (piano) ably pillted the accompaniments all through. ("et credit is due to Dr. Carroll, Mr. Krone ind 31r. F. Atkinson (Ihon. see.), as the tl 1srk of getting up the concert fell to 7ie d5ll held after the concert was another ~, as I lean, that about 50 couples present, and this will add to the auitt to le senrt to the hospital. It is not kntown wh at the result of the concert ?da wll lal but it is certain that the line will lb a handsome one. I had '_1St forgotten to mention that great l+t is fle to Messrs. Chandle, Heath, and SLarentll for supplying the music So, the night. The danycing was ?1 tilln dayliglht, all agreeing that it avery enjoyable entertainment. w_ " "* - - - - - 