' The, V.B;C.'.Gfrand National' Steeplechase Meeting took place on the Fldmiugton racecourso oniSatiirday, 18th July, und: proved successful, t^ougft.yr^thp ''tAattwJ-iance; - -yas ; .?;'.-'( rndtoiially lessenpilV ' -jwnilo.,- *thb ...caiualties incidental to j lunping races 'were' ' 'considerably ? i n-~ crea?e(\ - by ;the' wt TC'Vr' °f- {5atnr day morning. But, ? making allowances for the effect of the threateuiagweatlier, the atten dance, which included his Excellency the Go vernor and u party from Government House, was: satisfactory. The racing throughout tho day was good, and though the running ground was heavy very fair time was recordod. Pro ceedings commenced with tho Maid-en Hurdle Race, in which the favorite, Hippogriff, scored a win, Sea Brezzo being second, Duration third. In the Maiden Steeplechase, which followed, another favorite in llotisont won, Lady Ashton filling -second placa; while Kulkyne was third. There were 10 starters for the Grand National Hurdle Race,1 which re- ' suited m a win for Tho Agent, a gallant. little' chestnut horse belonging to Mr. C. II. T. Hart, of Adelaide. Tho winner's previous perform ances caused him to bo top weight, but despite this ho experienced no difficulty in beating iGuardh'sh, who had cut out the rimniug for the greater part of the three miles. Cockboat finished third. In the Grand National Steeple chase there were 14 starters, dud ; tho result, after a series of fulls,, was a win for Wymlct, who was ridden by Corrigan ; . Sailor was second and Denmark third. The winner is the Sroporty of Mr. Martin Loughlin, of Bullarat. lorvcn, a horse belonging to the sumc owner, was favorite, but in company with several others ho came to grief over the stone wall in front of the grand stand. ' None of tho riders were very seriously injured, Student wou tho Selling Hurdle Race, Flamborough being second uud Doucuster third The winner was bought in for. 140 guineas, all of which . goes to the club's funds. 'The Flat Race, -'which con cluded the'meetiug, was won by The Ghost, with Plausible second and Bohemian third. A well attended race meeting took plucc on Mr. W. S. Cox's Mooueo Valley, racecourse on the 11th July. There were five eveuts on the programme, which was got through without any mishap, beyond those ordinarily incidental to jumping races. The Hurdle Race, which initiutnd the nrocofidino'S. ivns won hv Vninnn. Amatcur being second, and Dunleury third Primus .won the July Handicap, Honeycomb ami Umberto 'being respectively second and third. The Steeplechase was won by Studley,' who made the pace throughout, Gnmville and Union being- iu nearest to hini at the finish. Albauus, Little King and Bon Bon were first, second and third for the Selling Race, tho win ner being sold for £80 to Mr. E. Weeks, £40 of this sum going to the racing fund. Gold Top, another starter, was claimed, aud was sold to Mr.' T. Leannonth ; for .£70,. of which £50 goes to the credit of the racing exchequer. The last race was the Latest Handicap, which Alhanus won' for his new owner, Briiikmiinu' be ing Hccond, aud Sister Eunice third. A successful race meeting was held at. Wil liaius(ownon 25th July, when there was a large attendance of spectators. The first event, .the .Hurdle Race, was won by tho favorite, Master Pinef op, with Grattan aud Mistake second and third ; and Brella. who was flic favorite, easily appropriated the Railway Stakes. Tho Handi cap Steeplechase was a sbmcivhat eiisy' victory for Brown Eagle, who was a complete outsider, Tattler and Taxaraxacum filling tho other situ ations. Plato had no difficulty in winning the Selling Race, and the last event of the day, the Epsom Handicap, ended after a splendid race between Footmavi and Gipsy's Warning in favor of the former by a head. Notices that cash betting was prohibited in accordance with a re cent police regulation were posted all over the course, but though the practice was not. indulged in so publicly ns previously, thero did not, seem to he' any appreciable diminution of it, nor were any effective steps taken to prevent it. The first race meeting of tho 1885-8S season was held at Geolong on 1st August, when there was an excellent attendance, principally made up of metropolitan sporting men, nud t'he rac ing was fairly interesting, though none of the contests were %'erv close. Tlie Hurdle Raco nua t- mi tiij' i.*iir»nj uj' vxiui-iiui, . tvu 11 - llicuil aud Master Pinetop second and third ; mid the Railway Stakes, which succeeded, was an equally easy thing for Stafford, who was fol lowed home by Primus, Sir Charles and eight others. 'Tho'two-year-old race, tho first of- the sqason, disclosed one very smart filly in Edith, ' and she also won-' without trouble, Innendo and Uranus 'being second and third. : Owing to some mistake on the part of the officials or the handicappcr, Native was' handicapped at about .2*. st.' less ; than he was entitled -.v to in tho ' Steeplechase, aud'it was tliereforc not surpris ing to see him win. :. Studley and Dundee follow ing him home. .The Winter Handicap was se Aciired by. a; comparative outsider in Doncaster, with St^i Lawrence and Athenian filling the places ;: ^vAlbanus easily appropriated , the Selling' Race, while Dinah wound up an enjoy able day's proceedings by winning the Handi cap Troj;by: about 20 yards. . . The thirteenth contest for the Waterloo Cup, hold under the auspices of the Victoria Coursing Club, commenced ou 15th July and.was brought to a conclusion on the 17th, when there was a fair attendance of coursing patrons at tho Oval. The result of the great event was a victory for Rhodanthe, who,, it .will bo romeiubered, wou the Cup of 1883. 'Siesta, tho Vwinner of the Now South Wales Waterloo Cup, was the run ner up, and'in tho ijecidiug course botweon her and Ithodanthe it i-nfoi'tunately happened that a strange dog- got kose and joined iu the conrse. However, ho was too liito.to::iriterfere in- it, as tho haro was killed by. Rhodautho just as the out sider got up. Still,' the occurrence was much regretted..by ftll wljo;desired to.see the last and most important* course decided without any interference whatever. Castanet occupied thiV pla^e of third and Quinine that of fourth dog iu the Cup. .The Waterloo Purse was won bv Chime and the Plate by Rjl Hind, Castanii and Tom Savers being respectively tho runners' up. Three puppy stakes of eight dogs each .wore also ruUi/off;, and kwere...dividcd, the Loch Stakes going to Llanelly and Montrose, tho Warwick Stakes to Wunda and Birthright, and the Railway Stakes to Moiiniotith -and Bugle. During the whole of the meeting the arrange inoiits wei-e excellently carried out, and fhn decisions of the judge, Mr. Ernest Oatenby, and tho delivery of tho slipper, Banner, met with'» general approval. All intcrcsto.l were also .-singularly fortunate in enjoying such do'ightful weather as that which prevailed ovor thothreo days of the meeting. ' 'A, wrestling match between ?' Miller anil Donald Dinhie took place .it the Bijou Theatro on Saturday, 1st August, in the presence of., an audienco which, notwithstanding tho h'gh prices charged for admission, *, overflowed every part of tha theatre. Tho contest was for £100 aside, and the wrest ling [ took place in tlie Grooco-Roinan, Scotch and mixed styles. In' the Grroco-Romaii style Miller,' in n'feiv . mi nntos scored one after some admirable play on 'the part of both '.men. The tfinl in the Scotch style was oven shorter, only'; occupying seven minutes, whereas the former occupied ? twelve minutes. Dinnie. proved his su periority in the Scotch style, ' and ' hold his man down for thirty seconds with seeming case.' . The wrestling iu the mixed styles proved the longest event . of the contest. Both men exhausted every trick to ensure the defeat of tho other. After a struggle* of about forty minutes Miller throw Dinnie, but tho referee prououueed it ' no fall,' Diunitv managing to kcop one shoulder off the floor. The combatauts began to show much sign of fatigue, especially Dinnie, who in a few mi nut ox afterwards . ?: succumbed to one of Miller's 'hugs,' and the brawny Scotwasheld on his back until ' the thirty seconds expired stipulated for in the articles of the contest. The inntrli was thus won by Miller, and the result was re ceived with great cheering. 