A LIVELY FIVE MINUTES. Correspondent "of- - the Pal! Mall ^ - - " W e are told every day that, 'truth is stranger than fiction 3 that this is so is again shown by the fol lowing facts which I narrate as nearly^ possible m the words of the person (an * sistant to a well-known veterinary surgeon adTenture o c c u "ffl We had .been having several cases of rabies.at the surgery during the last month or two—more cases than usualb«!,. with the exception of one, they had all-been; brought in before the disease reached its most virulent sta»e I am rather interested in the disease" and had been, reading about it; and, sitting in the surgery alone and quiet (but for a poor beast in the yard with rabies which gave vent every now and then to the dismal howl peculiar to the disease), it was not particularly lively; and when my master (a veterinary surgeon) came in hom his usual round I was not sorry. He went into .the yard and inspected the patients as usual, ordering the collie with rauies to bs killed at once. I attended to this, and returning to the surgery, received orders to go to the Britannia publichouse, in Spho, and poison a large retriever belonging to the landlord. My master had seen the. dog during his rounds, and found it in a dangerously rabid state. I filled a small bottle with hydrocyanic acid, and taking a syringe, went off at once to see about it. " Arriving at the house, I staled my business, and was handed over to the potboy to be conducted to the dog, which I could hear howlin? every few seconds. There being no yard to the house, they had chained the dog down in the cellar to a staple in the wall. "E's a wery bad case, sir,' said my guide, ' an' I'll be glad when it's all over, tor, although he was a great pet with us all, and that fond of the kids you never see, it's awful to see him not know any of us; but when goes near 'im to have 'im come aflying at us. Think 'e'll suffer much! 'ear him. All day long e 'owls like that.' I assured him it would soon be over, without much pain ; and, descending some steps, we passed through a room in the basement that was dimly lit by a small and grimy window. Cases of wines and spirits were ranged against the walls, and we could hear the tramp of the thickly-shod customers in the bar or taproom just above our heads. Opening a door, we passed into another room; this was lighted only by the small window in the room wehad just left, as it shone through the now open door. ' He's in there,' said the potboy, pointing to another door in the wall opposite. Thinking there was a window in the room, I pushed the door open, and immediately heard the rattle of a chain and the hoarse half-howl, half-growl of the poor beast, whose eyes I could see, against the far wall, gleaming through the dark. Window there was none. ' Why on earth didn't you bring a light V I asked, angrily; ' you don't suppose I can poison him in the dark f ' Thought I 'ad a match,' said the man, fumbling in his pockets; ' there's a gas-jet inside the door.' I bad no matches, so I sent him upstairs to get some, and, awaiting his return, sat down on an empty keg nenr the door. "The dog seemed uneasy; and, fancying the light through the doorway annoyed and distressed him, I pushed it to with my hand. The man was some time gone (I found afterwards he had been to ask his mistress if she would like to have a last look at the old dog), and I sat there thinking over the notes I had been reading in the surgery. The air of the cellar was close, and the smell of the wet sawdust on the floor was most unpleasant. Clank went the dog's, chain against the wall or the floor, as he moved uneasily about, wondering, I daresay, what was my errand there. The movement ceased for a time, or, partly absorbed in my thoughts, I failed to notice it. The next minnte I started feeling something rub against my leg. Looking down, I saw two glaring eyes just at my knee. The dog was loose, the staple having worked its way out of the damp and yielding mortar. " For a second or two I nearly lost consciousness. My heart seemed to stand still; but by an effort I kept from going off into a faint. I shall never forget the next few minutes as long as I live. I was alone in the dark, with this rabid beast rubbing about my legs—first one and then the other, as if he were trying to find out who I was. Then he rested his nose on my knees and looked straight up into my face. I sat like a statue, knowing that at the slightest movement he would pro-1 bably seize me, and knowing (who better?) that such a bite in his advanced state of disease was almost certain death, and a horrible death too. Nerving myself, I sat perfectly still, calculating as well as I could my chances of escape. Presently the dogput first one paw, then the other, on my knee, and, standing on his hind leg6, gently rubbed his head againBt my breast, then over my arms, and then commenced to explore my face. I shut my eyes, and felt bis nose pass several times across my face, covering it with saliva. Yet I dared not move! 1 expected every instant he would seize me; the very beating ot my heart might disturb and annoy him ; and I felt that, come what might, I must fling him off and make a dash for the door. "Suddenly he ceased rubbing against me, and appeared to be listening. He could hear the steps of the potboy descending the ladder. I also could hear it, and knew not whether to call to him or keep silent. The dog now dropped down to my knees again, still listening; and as the light of a candle streamed through the crevices of the badly-fitting door he crept into the far corner of the cellar, evidently dreading being put upon the chain again. Then I made a dash at the door, swung ii open, and, banging it to behind me, sank, more dead than alive, on a case near tbe wall. Seeing my state, the man brought me quickly a nip of brandy, and I pulled myself together. All this time tbe dog was growling furiously on the other side of the door, and tearing at it in his mad endeavour to get at us. Steadying myself as well as I could, I placed the light on a pile ot cases, and, filling my syringe .uith acid, opened the door about 2in. As I expected, the infuriated beast rushed at the opening; and as he did so I discharged tli9 contents of the syringe into bis open mouth. In a lew seconds all waB over. When I went upstairs I found my trousers, vest, coat, hands, and face covered with saliva from his mouth. I felt sick and taint, and looked—so tbe people said— white as a ghost; in lact, X could hardly stand. "The dog I had killed was bitten by the mad dog that ran down Piccadilly some three weeks since, and had only showed symptoms of madness during the last few days."—SI. James's Gazette. 