JEALOUSY: A True Tale of Modern Life. < By degree? they 5537 a little more of one another ; they even dined together, now ana then. But it r bi ought fcem no nearer. There was 10 anger with I ire loving reaction. xhey were friendly enough, but sn ley farrier stood ?et-»esij them. Cns person set himself quietly to sap this barrier, rather Francis was often at the Cas'Ie, and plated the peacemaker very adroitly. The line he took might he called the innocent Jesuitical. He saw that it would be useless to ex- fccrt there two persons to ignore the terrible things that happened, and to make it ud a if it was onla squabble. What he did was to repeat to the hus band ertry gracious word the wife let fall, and vi-e versa, and to suppress ail either said that might tend to estrange them. In short, he acted the pv.t t-f Me. Harm: by in the play, and acted it to perfection. Ga'ta cavst lapidem. Though no perceptible effect fallowed his efforts, jet th-re :s no doubt that he get rid of some cf the bit'erness. 13u- the coldness renamed. Onejcsy is was sar.t for a'l ia a hur.-j by Griffith. He found him broking gloomy and agitated. The cause came out ci-r-ctiy. Griffith had ob served, a: last, what si: the fem-Iss io the bouse bad seen two months ago, that Mrs. Gaunt was in the family-way. He now communicated tbi? to Father Francis, with a Yoiee of agony, and loess to match. blithe better, my son,' said the genial priest; "twili be another tie between tou. I hope it will he a due boy to inherit- your es. st-es.' Then, observ ing a certom hideous expr.ssion dritortirg Griffith's face, he used his eves full c-n fcim, and said, sternly, ' Are_ jou not cured y- 1 of Inst madress of yours ?' ' 'So, no, no,' said Griffith, deprecatiugiV : 'bat why did she not tell me V ' Tou bed bst'er tsk her.' ' To: I. she wi.l remind me I am nothing to her now. A to, riijngh 'tis so. yet I would not "hear it from her lips.'" In spire of this wise resolution, the toitnre he was in clroYe him to remonstrate with her on her silence. She blushed high and excused herself as follows :— ' I should bsve told sou as soon as I koew it my self. But jou were not with m». I was all hr mi. self— in Carlisle gaol." Tci? reply, uttered with hypocritical meekness, went lb oogh Griffith like a" knife. He turned white and gasped for breath, but said nothing. He left her, Wi h 3 deep grcan, and neyer ventured to mention the matter again. All h did in that direction was to redouble his attentions and s.licitude for her health. xhe relation between tnese two wa3 now more anoma'c-us than evtr. Fven Father Francis, who hat seen strange things in families, used to welch Mre. Gaunt rise from t able and walk hesrily to the door, and her hus band dart to it and open it obsequiously, and re ceive only a very formal reverence in return —and wonder how =11 this was to end. However, under this icy surface, a change was gradually g.-iug on ; and one afterncon, to his great, surprise, Mrs Gaunrh maid came to ask Griffith if he wcuid ctme to Mrs. Gaunt's apartment. He r.und her seated in her hay window, amoDg her dowers. See seemed another woman all of a sudoen. and smiled on kiai her exouisite smile of days gone by. 'Come, sit beside me.' said she, 'in this beautiful window that you hare given se.' ' 3i- beside ;on_ Kate",' said Griffith ; ' nay, let me kneel at your knee? that ia my place/ 'As you will,' sne said scftlv; and continued, io tne same tone, ' Tow listen to me. Tou and I sre two fools; we bare been very happy together in days gone by ; and we should both'ot us like to try £2iio ; but- we neither cf us kacw how to begir. Tou are afraii to tell rue ycu love roe, and Lam ashamed to own to you cr anybody e.'se that I love you, iu spite of it a i— I do, though.' ' Ton love me ! a wretch like me, Hate ? 'lis im possible ; I eacnet be so happy.' Child/ said Mrs. Gaunt, ' love is not reason ; love is net common sense. 'lis a passion, like vour jealousy, poor foil. I love you as a mother loves her child, all the more fcr what ycu have made me suffrr. I might not say £3 much if I thought we should be long together But something tells me I shall die this time. I neTer felt so before. I want .tou to bury me at Hertshaw. After all, I spent more happy years there than most wives ever know. I see you are ve.-y sorry for what- you have cone. How could I die end leave thee ia doubt cf my for giveness, and my lore ? Hiss me, poor jealous'fool : for I do forgive thse, and lore thee wrh all my sor rowful heart." And tven with the words she bowed herself and souk quietly into his arms, and he kissed her, and cried bitterly over her — bitterly. But she was comparatively cslm. For she said" to herself. ' the end is at hand.' Griffith, instead of pooh-poohing his wife's fore- bediog'j set himself to faiffle Ihem. He used hts wealth freely ; and, besides the county doctor, hid two very eminent practitioners from London, one cf whom was a grey-headed man, the other singularly young for the fame he had obtained. But then he was a geauioe enthusiast in his art. CHAPTER KLYI. Griffith, white as a ghost, and unable to shake off the forebodings Catherine had communicated to him, walked incessantly up and down the rcom ; and at V,;. ran . - - -» . 1 Jl. JJ _ -L iji? c4i.L/c?L- uuuri.-j uub ut uiuci ui luc iuut uuciurs in a! tendance wss constantly coming to him with in formation. The ease proceeded favourably, and (o Griffith's surprise and joy, a healthy boy was born about two o'clock ia the morning. The mother was reported rather feverish, but nothing to cau.-e alarm. Griffith threw himself on two chai.-s and fell fast asleep. Towards morning he found himself shaken, and there was Ashley, ifce young doctor, standing beside him with a very grave face. Griffith started up, and cried, ' "What is wrong, in God's name ?" 'I am sorry to say there his been a sudden hmmorrbage, and Ifce pe'ier.t is much exhausted.' 'She is djir-g, she is dying!' cried Griffith, in anguish. ' Tot eying. But she wiil icfallibly sink unless some unmual circumstance occur to sustain vitality.' Griffith laid hold cf him. 1 Oh, si-, take my whole fortune, but 5 ive her ! save her 1 save her ! ' ' Mr. Gaunt,' said the young doctor, ' be calm or you will make matters worse. There is one chance to save her; but my professional brethren are against it. However, they have consented, at my earnert- request, to refer my proposal to you. She is sinking for want of blood ; if jou consent to my opening a vein and transfusing heslthy blood from a living subj-cfe into hers, I will undertake the opera tion Tou bad better come and see her; you will be mo:e able to judge.' ' Let me lean on you,' said Griffith. And the strong wrestler went- tottering up the stairs. There they showed him poor Kate, white as the bed clothes, breathing hard, and with a pulse that hardly moved. Griffith looked at- her horror-struck. ' Death has got hold of my darling,' he screamed. "Snatch her away! far God sake snatch her from bim ! ' The young doctor whipped off bis ccat, and bared his a?m. There,' he cried, Mr. Gaunt consents. Tow, Corrie, be quick with the lancet, and hold this tube as I tell vcu ; warm it first ia that water.' Heie "came an interruption. Griffith Gaunt griped the young doctor's aria, and with an agonised ar.d ugly "expression of countenance cried out-, What? your biocd? What right have tou to _laiamlood for her ? ' befcter than Grmi.h tore off his coat arrl „„„ bis arm to the elfow. 'rA 1'r-fr To man's blood shall entsrh ? -e ,nd ; i'1 ei rf-£t rVTed/ S5VeiI do u b!eU hiize," wit.i u.s-.ed cheek and sparkling ejgg je iJe2H. out a bare arm corded like a blacksmith's, and white a= a duchess's. The young doctor eyed the magnificent limb a moment wim rapture ; then fixed bis apparatus acd perfo-med an operation which then, as now, w, impcssi-.Je in theory ; onlv be did it. He eeDt" some of Griffith Gaunt's bright led blocd smoking bet into Kate Gaunt's veins. This dote, he watched his patient closelv, and ad ministered stimulants from time to time. She hurg between Ire and d--a!h for fcou-«. But at neon next day she spoke, and s-eing Gr.ffi-.h sil ting beside her, p.le with anxiety ant loss <f bicod, she said, ' Mv cear. do tot tbou fret. I died lau night, I knew I should. Bat they gave me anoiher life : and now 1 shall iive to a hundred.' They stowed her the little boy ; and at s:ght of bim, the whole woman made up n-r mind to live. Atd live she did. And, what is very remarkable, her convalescence was more rapid than on any former cccasion. It was from a talkative nurse she first learned tbat Griffith bad given his blo.d for her. She s rid nothing at the time, but lay with an angelic, happv smiie, thinking of it. The first- time she saw him after that, she laid her hand on bis arm. and looking Heaven itself into fcis eyes, she said, 'My life is Tery dear to me tow. 'lis a present from thee.' She want d a good excuse for loving fcim as frankly as before, and now be had giverT her one. Sheussdto t-arow it in his teeth in the prettiest way. Whenever she confessed a fault, she was sure to turn slily round and sit, 'But what could one ex pect of me ? I hsva his blood in my veins.' Bat once she told Father Francis, quite seriously, that- she had t-ever been quite the same woman since she lived fay Griffith's blood ; she was tureen jealous : and moreover it had given bim a fascine- ting power over her; and she could tell blindfold when he was in the room. Which last fact she once proved by actual experiment. Eut all this I leave to such as study the occult sciences in this pro found ase of ours. Starting with this advantage, Time, the great corer, graaually healed a wound that looked incur able. Mrs. Gaunt- became a better wife than she had ever been before. She studied her husband, and found be was not- hard to please. She made his home bright and genial ; and so he never went abroad for the sunshine he could have at home. And he studied her ; he added a chapel to the house, and easily persuaded Francis to become the chaplain. Thus they had a peacemaker, and a friend, in the bouse, and a man severe In morals, hat candid in religion, and ao inexhaustible com panion to them end their children. And so, after that terrible storm, this pair pur sued the eten tenour of a peaceful united life, till the olive-branchea rising around them, and the happy years gliding on, almcst obliterated that one dark 7\ i 9? A f"» 4 A 1 a W A S a A - HA A . a A A a — a at 1 « a -» - 2-- x cj auu uiau; m :c;ui a lucic xauiaskiwa-i, lu credible, dream. Mercy Tint and her child went home in the coach. It was empty at starting, and, as Mrs. Gaunt had t.rstold, a great sense of desolation fell upon her. She leaned back, and the patient tears coursed steadny down her camely cheeks. At the first stage a pa-senger got down from the outside, and entered the coicb. ' What, George Teriile !' said Mercy. ' Tbe same,' said he. She expressed her surprise that he should be going her way. "lis strange,' said he ; ' but to me most agree able.' ' And to me, loo, for tbat matter,' said she. Sir George observed her eyes were red, and, to divert her mind and keep up her spirits, launched into a flow of small talk. In the midst of it, Mercy leaned back in the coach, and began to cry bitterly. So much for that mode cf consolation. Upon this he faced the situation, and begged her not to grieve. He praised the good aciion she had done, and told her how every bodyadmired her for it, especially himself. At that she gave him her hand in silence, and turned away her pretty head. He carried her hand respectfully to his lips, and bis manly heart began to yearn over this suffering virtue 5 so grave, soliigni. fied, so meek. He was no longer a young man j he began to talk to her like a friend. This tone, and the soft sympathetic TGice in which a gentleman speaks to a womau in trouble, unlocked her heart, and for the first time in her life she was led t-o tela about herself. She opened her heart to him. She told him she was not the woman to pine for any man. Her youth, her health, and love of occupation would earrj her through. What she mourned was tbe loss of esteem, and the blot upon her chill. At that she drew the baby with inexpressible tenderness, and yet with a half defiant air, closer to her bosom. 8ir George assured her she would lose the esteem of none but fools. ' As for me,' said he, 1 1 always respected you, but now I revere you. Tou are a martyr, and an aDgel.' ' George,' said Mercy gravely, ' be you my friend, not my enemy.' Why, madam,' said be, 'sure you can't think me such a wretch.' ' I mean, our flatterers are our enemies.' Sir George took the hint, given, as it was, very gravely and decidedly ; and henceforth showed her his respect by bis acts ; he paid her as much atten tion as if she had been a princess. He handed her out, and he banded bcr ia ; and coaxed her (0 eat here, and to drink there ; and at the inn where the passengers slept f jr the night, he showed his long puese, aud secured her superior comforts. Console her he could no'.; bat he broke the sensa of utter desolation and loneliness with which she started from Carlisle. She told him so in the inn, and descanted on the goodness of God, wbo had sent her a friend in tbat bitter hour. ' Ion h=ve been very kind to me, George.' said she. ' Tow Heaven bless you for it, and give you many happy days, and well spent.' lqis, iroia one wao never sara awora sne aia not- mean, sack deep into Sir George's heart, and be went to sleep, thinking of her. and asking himself was there nothing he conld do for her ? Text morning Sir George handed Mercy and her babe into the coach ; and the villain tried "an experi ment tr see what value she set on hiin. He did not get in, so Mercy thought she had teen the last of him. 'Farewell, good, kind George,' said she; 'alas, there's nought but meeting and" parting in this weary world.' The tears stood in her sweet eyes, and she thanked him, not wi:h words only, but with the soft pressure of her woma.dj hand. He slipped up behind the coach, and wa3 ashamed of himself, and his heart warmed to her more and more. As soon a3 the coach stopped, my lord opened the door for Mercy to alight. Her eyes were very red, he saw that. She started, and beamed with surprise and pleasure. ' Why, I thought I bad lost you for good,' said she. ' Whither are you goiog ? to Lancaster ?' 'Tot quite so far. I am going to the "Pack- boise."' Mercy opened her ej es, and blushed high. Sir George, saw, and, to divert her suspicions, told her merrily to beware of making objections. ' I am only a sort c-f servant in tbe matter. 'Xwas Mrs. Gaunt ordered me.' ' I might have guessed it,' said Mercy. ' Bless her ; Ehe knew I should be lonely.' 'Sbe was not easy till she had got rid of me, I as sure you,' said Sir George. 'So let us make tbe best on't, for she is a lady that likes to have her own j way.' 'She is a noble creature. George, I shall never regret anything I have done for her. And she wi l not be ungrateful. Oh, tbe sting of ingratitude ! I have felt that. Have you?" 'To,' said Sir George; 'I have escaped that, by never doing any good actions.' 'I doubt you are teiliug me a lie,' Eaid Mercy Tint. She now looked upon Sir George as Mrs. Gaunl'e repiesfntative, and prattled freely to him. Only now and then her trouble came over her, and then she took a quiet cry without ceremony. As fcr Sir George, he sat and Etudied, and won dered at her. Tever in his life had he met such a woman as this, Jio was as candid with him as if he bad been a bo"son?- 6eeme<l to have a window in her and loveVscJ,-hi<:llhe l0ked' ad S3W the pure In the afternoon10" , , a eart conveyed ll1" WheDCe wirhfC" r6rCJ iab dfi9aPpet>-'1 and busied herself with Sir George s comforts. He sat by himself in the parlour, aricTmisBea his gentle companion. -. In the morning, Mercy thought of course he would go; .. But instead of that, he atayed, and followed her about, and began to court her downright. But the warmer he got, the cooler Bhe. And at last see siid, mighty drily, ' Tuis is a Tery dull place for the hkes i»f you.' ' T 5 the sweetest p'a e in England,' siid h?; 'at least to m - ; for n ro itaits tbe woman I live. M-rcy drew back, and coloured r jst red. ' I hope net,' said she. 'I loved you tbe a st day I saw tou, and heard your voice. And now I love you ten times more. Let me crv tbv tears for erer, sweet Merry. Bemv wife.' 'Ton are mid,' said Mercv. 'What would you wed a woman in my condition ? I am more your f iend than to take ycu at your word. And what do you thick i am made cf, to eo from one man to another, like that V 'Take your time, sweetteait; oalv give me vour hand.' ' George,' said Mercy, very gravely, ' I sm beholden ta you; but my duty i: lies another waT. There is a young man in these pai ts (fir George groaned) tbat Wis my follower for two years and better. I wronged him tor one I never name now. I must marry that poor lad, and make him happy, or else live and and die as I am.' Sir George turned pale. 'Ore word; do you lore bim ' ' I have a regard fcr him.' ' Do you leve him r' ' Hirdly. But I wronged him, and I owe him amends. I shail pay my debt.' Sir George bowed, and retired sick at heart, and deeply mortified. Mercv looked after him acd sighed. Text dav. as he walked dhnonsolate nn nr.d dnwn she csrne to him and gave fcim her hand. 'Tou were a good friend to me that- bitter day,' said she. ' Tow let rue be yours. Do rot bide here; 'twill but vex you.' 'I am going, madam,' said Sir George, stiffly. 'I but wait to see the man you prefer to me. If he is not too unworthy of you, I'll go : and trouble you ro more. I have learned his name.' Mercy Hushed, for she knew Paul Garrick would bear no comparison with Gecrge Teville. The next day Sir George tock leave to observe tbst this Paul Carr.ck did not seem to appreciate her preference so highly as he cught. ' I under stand he I13? never been here.' Mercy coloured, tut made no reply, and Sir George was sorry he had taunted her. He followed her about, and showed her great attention, but not a word of Eve. i ntTa ffPro t?na f r.-vi- f cfwanrf s J«i a!a1iIiaa - — ..ww fc.wuaw kuu-c XLX tuc llClgUUUUt hood, and he buried himielf fisting, and in the even ing read aloud to Mercy, and waited to see Paul Ca'rick. Paul never came: and, from a word M:rey let drop, he saw that she was mortified. Then, being no tyro in love, he toid her he had business in Lan caster, and must ieive h«r fcr a few days. But he would return, and It thit time perhaps Paul Ca - rick would bs visible. Tow hi3 mria object was to try tbe effect of cor- rrsoondenee. Every day be sent ber a long love-letter f-om Lancaster. Paul C-.rrick, who, in absenting himself for a time, bad acted upon his sister's advice retoer than his own natural impulse, learned that Mercv re ceived a letter every day. Ibis was a thing unheard of in that pa-iib. So then Paul defied Lis sister's advice, and pre set ted himself to Mercy, when the following dia logue took place : — ' Weloome home, Mercy.' ' Th3nk jou, Paul.' ' Wei1, I'm single still, lass.' 'So I bear.' ' I'm come to say let bygones be bygones.' 'Si be it,' sa d Mercy, drily. 5 You have tried'a gentleman ; now try a farrier.' ' I hvre ; aud be di.i cot stand the test.' 'A nan.' ' Why did you not come near me for ten days ? Paul blushed up to the eyes. 'Well,' said he, ' I'l; tell you the iruth. 'Teas our Jess advised me to leave you quie". just at first ' ' Ay, ay. I was to fce humbled, and made to smart for my fault ; and then I should be thankful to take tou. My lad, if tou should be ever really in love, take a friecd's advice ; listen to your own heart, _aad cot to shallow advisers. Tou have mor tified a poor sorrowful creature who was goiog to make a sacrifice for tou and you have lost her for eTer.' ' What d'ye mean ?' ' I mean that ve are to think no more of Mercy Tin'.' 'Then it is true, ye jade; ye've gotten a fresh lover already.' ' Say no more than you know. If you were the onlv man on earth I would not wed tou, Paul Carrick.' " Paul Carrick retired home, and blew up his sister, and told her that she had 'gotten him the sack again.' The next day Sir George came back from Lan caster, and Mercy lowered her ltsfces for once at sight of him. ' Well.' said he, ' has this Carrick shown a sense of your goodness ?' ' He has come — and gone.' She then, with her usual frankness, told him what bad passed. 'And,' she said, with a smile, 'yiu are parly to blame: for how could I help comparing your behaviour to me with his ? Tou came to my tide when I was ia trouble, and showed me respect when I expected scorn from all the world. A friend in need is a friend ir.diea.' (TO B3 COSXIXttSD.) 