CHAPTER IV. Come and trip it as you go, On the light fantastic toe. —Milton. " Shut your ears, stranger, or turn from Ghost Glen now, For the paths are grown over, untrodden by men now. Shut your ears, stranger! " saitH the grey mother, crooning Her sorcery Rumiq, when sets the half-moon in. —Kendall. Three weeks have passed away. It is the night of tlie ball. Assey liaa been here with the Powia's ever since, oxpecting a visit to Darnley. He would stay here for ever if he had his own way he thinks. Mrs. Powis is charmed with him, and he in turn is charmed with Miss Rose—fascinated, be witched. That young lady is at present picking flowers for the evening's wear. She has been flirting dreadfully with Assey, and half persuades herself that she is in love with him. " Jack," she argues, "has been so rude of late—-hardly ever to be seen—away at day break, and not home till late at night: and when I do meet him, he appears as if he would like to be somewhere else—over at the ponds most likely, making love to that black gipsy, Emily Sandford." She is cogitating something after this manner now, when a step is heard on the garden1 path behind her. She starts as Jack comes up to' her side, but she says nothing. " Rose!" "Well?" "Are you" going to the' Harpnrs' to night ? " " Decidedly I am. Why, haven't I been thinking of nothing else for the last fort night. Mr. Assey and I have been practis ing a new step." " I have seen you walking with him enough lately. You ought to know his steps," says Jaekr rather brutally. " Jack !" indignantly." " I'm quite right. Here he is now," as Assey appears, coming from the orchard smoking a cigar and chatting to a terrier which was frisking around him, luckily di verting the impending storm. " Quick, Rose, tell me," says Carbery; " are you coming with me in the buggy, to night ?' Quick, say!" _ " After your impudence, iust now ? Be sides^ I promised to let him drive me," nod ding to Assey, who is sauntering up. " He is better company—not so rude as some people." Jack turns on his heel. He is not wise in the world-of-woman's ways. He has been religiously avoiding Rose of late. He will not,lie tells himself, force his companion ship on her, and she must give him an answer on Christmas. Foolish man! to expect a girl like wayward proud little Rose to run after him'. She is not likely to show what he is to her. She does not-know her self forsooth. Assey is not so diffident as Jack. He is much older for one thing, has been in many climes, and has seen all sorts and conditions of women. " Is that rose for me, Miss Powis ?" " No, not that, Mr. Assey," and she drops it underfoot and treads on it. It was in tended for Jack a few moments ago. " I shall give you a better one and fasten it in your coat for you." This is what Jack sees as he looks round after reaching the verandah: Rose on tip toe holding the lappel of Assey's coat, and Assey himself " smirking over her like a baboon," as Jack discourteously (he is evi dently not himself) remarks to his sister who is lolling here on an easy chair read ing. ' • "Jack, dear, I am sure you have been j quarrelling with Rose and Clara puts her j hands on Back's shoulders and looks into his | face. - V j " She with me, indeed," he answers, turn ing his head away. . " I can't say a word to her, Clarry, but'«what she jumps down my ! throat." " You are are a silly, blind old bat! You don't go the right way to work. I know more than you do, although I never can pump Rose. When I try to fix her she goes off at a tangent. Don't you despair, j though." Jack sinks into a chair with a sigh, and buries himself behind a paper. " I don't know how you are all going over to night," says the squatter, appearing with his wife. " The little buggy is not back." * " We can manage with a squeeze in the waggonette," says Clara. " Fred," she adds, blushing, " promised, to come across for some of us," "If there is no room I can stay at home,'r says Mrs. Pbwis. " I have a slight head ache, and the servants will be lonely." " I am sure, auntie, you will not stay at home by yourself. How could we enjoy ourselves with you pining here alone like the last rose of summer ? The servants will make themselves merry enough." " Well, well, Clara, if you wish it—and I forgot, I must go to chaperon you all." (to be continued.) 