"~ SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. RACING of the South Australian Jockey Club have rushed to the Victorian Racing; Club for perSon to hold a three days' meeting on the Elrington course in May next. At the meeting of the VRC committee yesterday twos agreed to accede to the arrangement j he reason for the South Australian Jockey Cub migrating from Adelaide to Melbourne, It will be remembered arises from the cir instance that recent legislation in the South Australian Parliament with respect to being and the use of the totalisator on the Slnrnhetville course, has practically abolished allows the sister colony No doubt the Adelaide Cup will be included in the pro fromme Last year it was a handicap of (20 sovs and it was won by Mnlua. Hie V KX committee have removed the man years' disqualification, inflicted by the Navarro a uri Club on William 1 neck, on the gates January. 1884 for pulling Lottie The dispute between the Hon W Pearson and the 3 Victorian Racing Club, as to the up stationmen of the Bagot Plate Makes walked over for by Commotion on New cars and is still in abeyance I ii VRC committee have decided to advertise for a judge, nee Mr James Johnston, Mr F F Dakin a complaint against the men el Weasel, for interfering with 1 drying up and lit Visible, whilst riding Achilles in the Standish Wales and Victorian Club Cup, last month, has been referred by the V ia committee to the stewards of the two '""/"folIovyinB horses were yesterday struck out of their Caulfield engagements on Satur _,, next Duration and Chuckster, for the Hawksburn Handicap , Lenorello, Umberto, and Duennn, for the St Valentine's Uandi raD and I Caractacus, for the Hurdle Race Mr l'idcocks Pilot returns to Sydney to buttress it is expected, will join A. ¡JivieBB string The baron returns to Adelaide by the Victorian to day. A subscription has been commenced at the Victorian Club with the object of presenting li testimonial to Mr Harry Giles, in appreciation of his courageous and humane efforts towards rescuing the wounded from the wrecked train at Cootamundra. The coin notice consists of Messrs W R. McMillan, is 1 contain, b Grimwood, and John L Thompson, with Mr I Haydon as treasurer Yesterday, the sum of i TOO was subscribed in less than a quarter r of an hour yesterdays sitting on the Newmarket Handicap was very quiet, and confined to a single item, of?, '2 000 to 80 'The Ghost, Sunny was inquired about 1,000 to II being wanted At the Victorian Club in the evening 100 to 5 was offered on the field CLUNES RACING CLUB! The following nominations have been re- Cdvtd for the annual race meeting of the I Times Racing Club, to be held at the local racecourse, on 'I Thursday, the 14th mat The ss " overs in 17 those made for the races last year The stakes Air Pettit!»lenore Air of Donohue's 1 ally Mr J I Robertson a Antolopo Mr O Scoble a Starfish Mr I) Gordon a Solevnrda Jfr Coffee a Chepstowe Mr llyon'aFloftcrof the Forester Martin's Hit Mr Hunt a Cobrico Mr Griffey a Prince Oil) also Vlr Archibald a I Uhr Mr VPInorne) a Tim Flaherty Mr Mrlllln a happy Mines Mr W H Barnes Scotty Mr H MiajdcanaFrin DISTRICT WELTER HANDICAP. Mr O Donohue a Polly Mr D Gordon a track man Mr Finlayson a Vi mia Mr than a Mary Ulano Mr Archibald a Lubra Mr Malone a Sultan Mr Campbell's late Mr Carter I want It Mr Orr's Alle CLUNES OPEN HANDICAP. Mr F Hill a I more Mr O Donohue a Polls Mr Robertson a Antelope Mr Scobie a Starfish Mr Gordon a Sale) yards the Ftrtftison a Miller Mr Ryan a Flower of the Forest Mr Malone a Sultan Mr H Martin a Bookmaker Mr Archibald a Fire Maid Mr M Inerney a Tim Johore DISTANCE HANDICAP TROT. Mr M Gulumts s Tommy Mr Stirlmpton a Gentle Annie Mr Walton a Allendale Mr Orr a lb ooroonooUo Air Milang a Prince Mr Head a Tomboy Mr Greenfield a Deceiver Mr Adams Bess Mr n Hellman a Jack Mr llnghesalllly Mr Hughes a Bobby Danner Mr Hughes a Tomm) Mr M I bee s Hill Mr A Redman a Dlv or Mr Carter a Black Bess. HANDICAP HORDth Mrs Griffey s Prince Ollyrno Mr a Harrisons What's Wanted Mr Scobie a Starfish viz Itoclio s King of the Forest Mr Gordon a Bracctnau Mr I crgUBons Miller Mr J Martin a Bookmaker Mr Vl'taydianaFrln incision into Air Chapman a Ilattcller Air A Campbell s Hato Air Hunts Schoolboy 'HIT, ALBURY RACING CLUB (BY 'IiLEOBAi'n almost Our ConnKspoNDSNr.) ALBURY, TuEsDAY The following nominations were received to day at 4 p m by the secretary of the Albury Racing Club - ALBURY GOLD CUP. Mr P J Cox's li g Student, aged Mr H J Bowler b in Minerva Gate Hawkes bury) Mr T M'AllstorsbgTlialtombaii, 4yrs Mr P Chum s b m Impulse, J yrs Mr C Wheeler, tun 2 g c King Alphonse), 3 yrs ill A Domnsoj'iibliiAllBsWio, lives Mr O Poplin s bar Coolabah, 6 yrs Mr O Poplin br in Hope 4 j is Air I M Donald e ch g havour, aged Vlr Jos Coonan a eil g Kncoro rivers Mr H Hoystr-dsbll Aldo de Camp, n V ra Vlr Little a li g Walhalla (late hobnailed r yrs Mr Little s b g Wisdom (late Northern Light) 4yrs Mr W Colles ache Hurricane 4 yrs Mr J Lillie s bin Belle Brandon, upsets Messrs. J atan Bros bin Olivette 4 am Air Fruit lutiolsschhDlstlllir 4 6s Mr A AI'DonattlsbllCoupdhtat, aged Air A Mr Donald ach the air King, 6yrs Mr A 11 Donald a br g Bonnie Dec, at 6d ST lAmiCk HANDICAP. Mr P T Cox 8 go Student, aged Air is J Bowler's b m Minerva (late Hawkesbury), i yrs Mr T M'AllstcrabgTIialtomlnu, 4 yrs Mr P Hann s b in Impulse, Ivrs Air S L WcatsbliUranvlllo (lyra Air H S D to a cab of Lands, J i as Mr O Wheeler Jun a er c King Alphonse, 8 in Air C Windsor, jun 8 bar Highlander, says Air II O Perry bg Newtown, 4 yrs Mr A Dempsey a b in Miss Nv e, s in Air O I opened a br li Coolabah, 3 yrs Mr J Al'Uotialdscll c. Lavor, aged Mr H Hovstidablt Aide-de-camp Gyra Air W Llttloabg Walhalla (late Ironmaster), 6 yrs Mr val Llttloabg Wisdom (late Northern Light), tyra Mr T Godby a oh h Hurricane) 4 v rs Air I Hinca bin Bells Uratitloii, aged Alt was. Paton Bros b I Olivette 4 J ra Alr > Kinsley a b in Dion II v in Air A Al tionald s b g Oinadliaiiii lives Air A VI Donald's b li Coup t r that, said Mr A Mr Donald h oh It 1 air King, 4 v rs Air A M'Donaldalirgllunnlo Dec veil Air a Francis a she DMillt r, 4 in Air I Hoisted a Wild Oats Air Mr Al Alister a Oui. trainmen KTIHUCIIASI ' Air P T Cox a b g Trickett, 0 v in Air P Hanna ch g Sir Henri, need Mr J J Kelt,lirati s by. Despatch, and Air has Dil soil g Rosewood and Mr John Al Donald a bail I entitles five Air John Hills, a b m Bille Diolidon, aged Mr A Cox a li in Heatherbell 6 j as Mr H Kau, s ch h The fun, DJ is Air W Heriot s li g The) Rev aged Mr J Dillon a cb g naval air, aged HANDICAP HURDLE RACE. Mr C Carter tin g Wild Harry, aged Air P T Cox b g c. Student, named Air 1' Hann a eli t, Sir Henry aged Air S L. West, bril Granville (I jrs Air I I Krijirati 3 be Despatch, sued Mr Jas Day sell g Holywood near Air John M Donald a is no activity 0 yrs Mr John Lillie him die I London aged Air A fox bin Bench r Hall was Air It him such li Tile Pup t v as Mr W licriotsbgltoblluv nt 1 Air V M Donald a at Onmtlli mu i v in Air AT M Ali-teraOllv Gammon ill 1 nlllonathgSarattnl next WIMMERA TURF CLUB The following are the weights for the han dicap races to be run on the 11th Inst - HURDLE RACE Two miles st lb i st lb Cainliler 11 7 Progressive 0 councillor to fill nine is 1 ' Miner List) Morn Nulsinee Pacific Royalty Salisbury line He Lodi Hilton Doubtful Jack Tory boy Master 10.10 Rainbow 10 I) Shamrock 10 7 Peter 10 4 Altlst 10 2 Truelot HORSHAM HANDICAP One mile and a half st lb 10.10 Rainbow 8 4 p Itdndcer Nell) Bay King, George Progress Cinelnolla N It I) Bond, Handicapper MOAMA RACES Nominations for the Handicap Trotting Race, Moama Handicap, Hurdle Race, and Ladies'' Bracelet, in connexion with the Moama annual races to he held on the 17th March, must be in the hands of the secretary on or before March I The night of (general entry is March Ki SMLAION TURF CLUB CLUNPS, 11 u The following are the handicaps for the 1 rot, to take place at the races of the above club on the 10th list - Allendale, scratch I list 100 y de behind scratch Taylor 100yds behind Great is Bobby Dazzler ITO v da behind scratch River BOO yds I hand Scratch Derby 100 y de behind scratch romilly, 400 yds behind scratch Deceiver 500 yds behind scratch Lily, COO yds behind scratch II near In COO yds behind scratch Old t mile 600yds behind scratch 1 lines of 0ydalehind scratch Gentle Annie 700 y de behind scratch J A Strachan ") 1 oils Martin Handicappers John <YiiciiiiiudJ SPORTING TELEGRAMS FROM OUR CORRISIONIILNIS ) ARARAT, TUESDAY The polo match, Colac v Ararat, which was played here to day, resulted in a winter Ararat by five goals to three after an exciting and well contested match Mr. Gibson the Ararat captain was hurt by a horse rushing against him while he was stooping to hit the hall. He was stunned, but soon recovered The town is full of visitors who have come here for the races CASTERTON, Tuesday The annual meeting of the members of the Casterton Racing Club was held this after noon, when Mr. 1 Francis Henty), of Merino Downs was unanimously elected president. The other officers of the past year were re-elected, and the committee remains nearly the same as before A bunch of 450 was voted to be given in stakes at the meeting to be held on the 9th and 10th April next The programme is little altered from that of last year, except that there will be an open steeplechase on each day The programme will shortly be published HAMILTON, TUESDAY. The annual meeting of the Racing Club was held this afternoon, the president, Mr Donald MacLellan in the chair. There was a good attendance The balance sheet showed that the receipts had been £1,007, and the pilot 1218, which was devoted to the reduction of the club's old liability to the trustees. The retiring officers were re elected, and also the committee, excepting Mr Mott, who resigned in consequence of his leaving the district. The programme for April was discussed, and several important changes were suggested, so as to make the meeting more attractive. These will be further discussed next week, and advertised in The Austral man and the local papers THE MURRUMBIDGEE TURF CLUB ANNUAL MEETING. (By Temobaph From Our Correspondent ) WAGGA WAGGA, Tuesday. The annual meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club was held last evening. There was a full attendance of members. The report showed a great improvement in the financial position of the club. When the committee entered upon their duties the bank overdraft amounted to £1,000 18s. 6d,, which was reduced to £1,289 7s (6d In the year 1881, the expenditure in prizes amounted to hill's), which had risen in the past year to £2,115 10s , showing an increase of £181 10s In permanent improvements, represented by the extension of the saddling paddock, the formation of a new training course, the completion of the electrical timing apparatus, fencing, is., £218 7s Oil had been expended, while printing, advertising, and general expenses amounted to £:ir>7 His 2d Notwithstanding the heavy outlay the receipts from members subscriptions showed a gratifying increase The amount received for entries, sweeps., forfeits sires' subscriptions, produce and sellers' stakes, showed a still more marked improve merit, while the fees for licences from hook makers had also added very considerably to the funds In the year 1879 the charges for interest on the overdraft amounted to BW, but from year to year this has steadily decreased until in the past year the committee had only been charged with £120. The following committee was elected - Messrs. R. Cox, J. Gormly), O. Cox, A. A. Devlin, li C. Pearson, C M Lloyd, C H. Croaker, J King, P Hann, S Hawkins, A. E Westby, li. B Fitzhardinge, S Minchin, J, Fox, H. Copeland ; auditors, Messrs. W. J. Haley and R. Davidson GEELONG REGATTA. GEELONG, Thursday. The following programme was adopted this evening for the rowing regatta to be held on the Barwon River in March Maiden Four-oared (in gigs), prize 5lb, Maiden Four (in clinker outriggers), prize £111 , Junior Four (m clinker ou trigla ra), prize will, Senior J our (boat bouts), prize £25, Maiden I right (in clinkers), prize 133 Senior J right (in clinkers), prize £40 'The entries close on the 25th mat _ CRICKET A match, M C C v 15 of Hobson a Bay Railway, will take place to day on tim if round of the former, play to commence at 11 o'clock The Melbourne team will come rise Mcvni Boas, within, Noall Mil wraith, A onion, Blackburn Sutherland, Crooke, Power, Matheson, and low her Members of the A victorian Karn selected for S\ dney are requested to meet at the Spencer street railway station on Friday afternoon at half past 4 Those who have not already got their tickets are desired to call on the manager, at Messrs Cullis Hill and Co s, where they can obtain them. YACHTING The Brighton "* nicht Club I had a race last Saturday for the club's medal the roo j advts started, Mr Lynch's Breeze, Messrs McBean and Leach Winters and Mr Black's Ailsa. The result was a win for the Brccro four minutes ahead of the Sisters, and about eight minutes ahead of the Allies On the last round the Ailsa split her spinnaker, and the fa ia term carried none during the race TIUDTNT AMATEUR YACHT CLUB The members of this club spent a very pleasant evening at Albert park Lake on Monday night tim laren acht Lady of the Lake in the; invoked for the purpose of giving friends a bail by moonlight A large number of ladies accepted the imitation of the club and music singing and dancing were industry d in throughout the evening the first landing in time to catch the last trains The night was every thing that could be desired, with just sufficient wind to me! out pleasant _ A'JJIL/nTIGS The members of the Victorian Club will practise their usual exercises this evening at JDonef.aus Lyceum hall, Lonsdale street, opposite Melbourne Hospital, at 3 p m BICYCLING The ordinary monthly meeting of the Normanby E and T Club will be held at New Treasury Hotel this evening, at 3 o'clock sharp 