A BEAR LOOSE IN A TOW3S. A party of hunters returning from a trip on the plains captured, 1] miles from Colo rado City, TVx., a huge black bear, weighing in his half famished condition about 300 pounds. Sir Bruin showed little relish for bis captors, and made determined resistance to the chains bv which he was confined to a tough a mesquite tree on reaching town. For days he would neither eat nor sleep, and kept the curious at a respectful distance, as he paced unceasingly to and fro the length of his chain, rolling his bloodshot eyes and giving vent to his rage in snarling, menacing growls. On Sunday morning, as the church bells were calling the children from all directions to Sabbath school, Sir Bruin waxed do« sperate, and with a powerful tug snapped the chain that held him «nd was off in a clumsy gallop through town, A. great hue and cry was raised, and pursuit made, and, as if by the irresistible magic of the famed ' ratcatcher's' music, the throng* of children were drawn along in the chase, forgetful alike of home and catechism. People, roused from their late Suuday snooze, streamed into the streets in all stages of undressed uniform. Butchers, in their white aprons, with upraised cleavers flourished their shining weapons iu the safe background; dogs bayed, cats retreated bristling to the roof tops. 'Rich man, poor man, beggar mac, thief, lawyer, doctor, merchant, chief,' all helped to swell the motley throng and add to the din and up roar. Bruin, thus hard beset and having long fasted, made a brake for a large-paned window in the dining-room of the Rendre brook Hotel, landing with a crash iu the midst of the astonished gueste, who ' stood not upon the order of their going, but went at once' through all available apertures in the opposite direction. Their rate of speed wae exceeded only by that of the woolly headed waiters, who fled, grej with terror, dragging table linen, silver, and glass in a glittering train after them. Amid the clang and clatter Bruin placed himself at bay in a corner, unconsciously, but un deniably, ' monarch of all he surveyed.' Brief, however, was his reign. Soon a little boy entering the hall threw a lasso over bis shoulders; a second and a third followed, and the great angry brute was dragged into the street. Then a lively skirmish followed, causing a general stampede of the crowd, ths three cowboys endeavoring to mount their plunging, buck ing, frightened ponies, who evidently did not like bis bearship. The feat was accomplished, however, and then came the ' tug of war' — the harassed brute, fairly at bay, lunged to the right and left, while the ponies with feet spread, brac ing sturdily against the tremendous strains of the lariats wound about the saddle-horna, were with their riders dragged hither thither over the hard, smooth ground. A girth snapped and a saddle went spinning over the horse's head, leaving the nimble rider astride of the snorting equine. But the war was an unequal one, and Bruin at length, utterly spent, surrendered and sullenly allowed himself to be led off to ward the Zoo in the park. Crossing the Lone Wall Creek, ' Ursa Major's' spirit utterly failed him, and be laid him down in the sha'low water and gave up the ghost. Disgusted with life in genera', disappointed in particular of his meal of a bine-eyed baby left to his tender mercy in the harried exodus from the dining- hail, Bruin felt that life was a delusion and a snare. So slipping the leash he went in search of the happy hunting grounds, to take his chances with Ma more familiar foe, the red man. There is often but a slight separation be tween a woman's love and her hate ; her keen teeth are very near to her sweet lips. Early impressions are the most lasting, if I should live to be as old as Methuseler was, I never shall forgit th« first time my mother spread me on her lap and visited me with, the bottom of her slipper. Anxious husband : ' Dear doctor, it there nothing that will cure my wife of that hor rible eick headache ? It almost drives me mad to see how she suffers.' Doctor: ' Nothing easier. Buy your wife a new silk dress, take a box at the opera, and drive out with her every day, and I'll guarantee she won't have any more sick headaches.' Anxious husband followed doctor's advice. The effect was instantaneous. The beautiful Miss A. ? had arranged to meet a Couple of friends to dinnar at a caf€-restaurnnt in Tunis. Being anxious to keep her appointment, ehe hurried over her toilet, and, without being aware of it, spread a quantity of rouge on her right cheek only. On meeting her friends, one of them exclaimed : ' Why, your face is all over red on one side!' 'Pray don't mention it ! Ab I was coming along I met cousin Tom in the Bab-el-Khar, and he whispered a compliment in my rightear V 