The Masque Ball. The Masquerade which has been looked forward to with so much interest^ for some time came off on Thursday night, and passed off with great eclat. The In stitute Hall was tastefully and gaily decorated for the occasion, and when filled with the blithesome disciples of Terpsichore, in their picturesque _ and brilliant costumes, presented quite a o-orgeous and animated appearance. The costumes were varied, in their design representing many nations and charac ters, historical, theatrical and national All were closely masked, and the con jectures and endeavors to penetrate the various disguises were most amusing and ludicrous. Peculiarities of gait, figure, stature, and dancing were closely watched to get a clue to the maskers, and many were betrayed by an unconscious but characteristic step or movement. At 11.30, during the last figure of the Cir castion Circle the M.C. gave the order "All unmask," and the mysteries were revealed, many finding themselves very much sold in their previous conjectures and conclusions. With the unsightly head coverings and disguises removed the various fancy costumes shone out to better advantage, and the scene was eer tainly most laughable and unique. Prin cesses and peasants, Christians and Turks might be seen mingled together on most familiar terms. Here might be seen French officers and Chinese Mandarins hobnobbing together affably, notwith standing the war between the two count ries. Spanish Hidalgos and Polish counts condescended to hold converse with simple gipsy girls and huinble gleaners. The solemn and stately Sir Joseph Porter and a venerable old man in a black bell topper fraternized with the comical clown or mirth-provoking pantaloon. Bold outlaws like Robin Rood and Rob Roy laid aside their warlike character for the time under the gentle influence of the o-ay canteeneer or simple Indian maiden. El Mahdi and Sir Garnet Wolseley met to discuss the .prospects of tne campaign in the Soudan. Ron Caesar de Bazan joined in the revel, notwithstanding that it was in Holy Week. An Indian prince and Turkish pasha engaged in the dance with the Colleen Bawn on simple flower girl. In the midst of the gay revel a gruesome ghost might be seen solemnly clothed in a shroud, revisiting the glimpses of the moon to join in the giddy tumult, Whilst an aboriginal,, arrayed in the primitive blanket, contrasted strongly with the more civilized garments of the rest of the company. . It would be inviduous to, make special mention of fancy dresses where all were so brilliant and tasteful. The Misses Hunter were very gorgeously attired, Miss E. Hunter's, " half-and-half" cos tume of bright red and blue was certainly the most conspicuous in the room and produced a very good effect, whilst Miss M. Hunter, as a Persian princess, and Miss J. Hunter, as Queen of the gipsies, were also well suited. Miss Buttery, as canteoneer, and Miss Hoskmg, as an Indian maiden, were very gaily dressed. Spanish costumes weie adopted by Misses Lott and Stoneham, and French by- Miss Trewiok. Mrs. Huntei as a " Flower Girl" was very neat, simple and, tasteful. Sunong the plainer, but none the less pretty and effective character dresses, were those of MissThyer, as a "gleaner and Miss MoGillick, the Colleen. Bawn. As to the gentlemen's costumes the most noticeable were Mr. M. Ford as a Spanish Hidalgo, Mr. R. Marsh as. Rob Roy, Mr. Butler as Sir Joseph Porter, Mr. H. Hunter as Paul Pry, Mr. O.'Bpgh Lin as Don Ctesar de Bazan, Mr. Mullen as an Indian prince, Mr. Elliot as abolish count, Mr. Knott, as twilight, half black and half whits; clown, pantaloon, French officer, besides Turkish, Spauish and various other- eharacters. were, also represented. The -whole affair must "be considered a decided success, and reflects great credit on the conductors, Messrs. D. Giles and J. McNeill, who acted as Secretary and M.C. respectively, and gave entire satis faction. Mr. Opie provided a substantial supper at the Imperial hotel, to which full justice was done. Mrs. Dassel pre sided at the piano during the evening, and to her masterly manipulation of the instrument much of the pleasure of the evening was due. Good dance musio seems to be a forgotten art now-a-days, and the trippers of the light fantastic were therefore the better able to appreciate such a musical treat a* was provided for them on Thursday night. We under stand that the masquerade was a financial success also, and we hope to see another or a calico ball when the new Institute is completed. 