CHAPTER XI.-PETER LAMB MAKES THB ACQUAINTANCE OF THRIFTY MILLEB. , Not only did not Peter Lamb look, behind as he walked away frm Mary Earnshaw, but, he did not look boföre. Had he done so he might in the courso of a few moments have discovered that he was at no great distance from his own .domicile,. Indeed, he and Mary Earnshaw lived within two or three hundred yards of each other 5 but both his innate delicacy and his ignorance of the lo cality, in which ho had engaged lodgings pre vented him from becoming aware of the: fact. A true sailor was Peter LamV-a statemont which is intended to apply to his moral; instincts, the bent which próclaimed him a gentleman. A eor tain seclusion of personal habits,'and a passionate devotion to the sea, had contributed to bring into prominent play, when occasion required, the re fined and delicate fibres of his moral being. Thereforo it was that ho was a gentleman despite of the social sphere in which he was born, and thereforo it was that ho took no noto of the streets as Mary Earnshaw .walked toward her humble home. But as he turned from her, and' for many mi nutes thereafter, strolling along with more of in ward retrospection than outward observance, his thoughts dwelt upon her with kindliest interest. Thus they ran: ' . "A poor woman, that lass, and better than most. A lady born mayhap, who has come down in life, The brutes, to laugh and jeer at "her ! They deserved the cat. ' A gentler voice I never heard; a sweeter face I never saw. When.she looked up at me with her pretty eyes it seemed as if Fd known her all my life- fact being that I never clapped eyes on her till. to-day* But she might have been my own sister,, or something . ieven"^'itt|^r than that, T was so drawn to her. PeterÍÍ/áiaíbj yoti^re an old fool-1-nothing short of it. ^hat business have, you to be thinking of . women ih'that way ? Old enough to know- better, my lad." . > " Then, a little while afterwards, her image .hé-% ing still on his mind " There's no harm thinking of her-won't hurt Her and won't hurt me. You're not only an old fopl^my lad,;but a lubberly brute in the bargain. ÏHèrè wa§;sörro'w in her face. Here she waa in trouble and grief, and you sheer off with your pockets full of gold, without.as .much as offering her the very help she may stand in need of, Why, when I said, 'Pay mo off*, she trembled and turned white as a ghost. Why P Because the chances are she hadn't a silver bit to bless herself with, and you let her go without as much as saying, 'Here, my lass, let me lend you a pound;' Call yourself a sailor! You're the meanest lubber that ever trod the deck. Forgot, perhaps, that you'd an old mother once yourself, that you made up your mind to be kind to-after she was dead. Pretty kindness, and a pretty sailor you, to thiak of things when it's too late to do them ! Now then, what port are you steer ing for, my lad ?" This inquiry was addressed to a man between whom and himself a collision had occurred, each running into tho -other by reason of so wrapt a mental communing upon matters in which they were selfishly interested, as to render them obli vious of the immediate obligations of a crowded I traffic. There was no unkindliness in Peter Lamb's voicêï but the person he spoke to seemed to detect danger in its bluff hearty toneB, and he held up his right arm as though he expected the words to be followed by a blow. He was a thin, weazen man, with a face so preternaturally sharp that ho looked the very embodiment of low cun ning. He wns dressed in broadcloth and wore black gloves a couple of sizes too large for him. He had not reached his fortieth; year, but he looked GO at least, not by reason of whiteness of hah', though streaks of grey were visible, but of extraordinarily deep experiences of the crooked ways of life. " I beg your pardon," he said, cringingly. " I beg you a thousand pardons. Pray don't strike me ; my heart is affected, and a blow might be my de-ion. I am ready to make any apology." " I'm not- going to strike you, my lad," said Peter Lamb. "No need to beg my pardon; it was as much my fault as yours. I don't under stand these land currents, and I shouldn't walk through them with my eyes on the moon." (As a matter of fact there was no visible moon, but tho figure of Bpeech served its purpose.) " I didn't hurt you, did I, my lad?" " No, not at all, not at all," replied the weazen faced man. " You are altogether too good, and I am much obliged to you. Good-morning." " Avast, mate," said Peter Lamb," laying his hand on the man's arm, and so {arresting his course. The man shrank and shivered at the touch, and it was evident that he was easily alarmed. " I've lost my bearings. Mayhap you can tell me where Windmill-street is." The man's manner instantly ohanged; the mere mention of Windmill-street put lue, and spirit into him. '.¿". ¿rj í^f. ' %': ";tl. " There's a Windmill-street down Whitechapel way," he said. "That's"it--near a large hospital." " Do yon live there ? I've got property in that street, 12 houses that are almost the ruin of me, they're lot so cheap. Then the people run away, without paying their rent. It's dreadful, dreadful!" "I'm sorry for'your trouble, mate. Yes, I've taken twp rooms there at the top of a house ; but I sha'n't'run away without paying my rent. You needn't fear that, my lad, ii you're my landlord." "What's the number of the house?" " That's beyond me; I know the bearings when I'm in' the street, and I steer straight into port. I've got a bit of paper in my pocket, a receipt for four weeks' reut in advance. . Would you like to see it?" ; "I should take it as a great favour, if it's hot troubling you too much." ^'No trouble, my lad. Here it is." He pro duced itfrom a bulky pocket-book, and handed it to the prematurely old man, who read it with grasping, greedy eyes. The receipt was signed by Thomas Mayple. " The man who took my money happened to be in the house collecting rents when I asked the rent." "Yes, yes, it's all right. The house is mine, but the rent of the rooms is too low-it's shame fuily low.. Seven shillings a week for two fur nished rooms. How is a man to live? I shall die a beggar." "I gave much as I was asked. You couldn't expect nie to give more, my lad." " Of course not, but ho asked too little. You can; afford to pay more, now can't you? As an honest man, you could afford to pay more." . "Well, as you put it that way, a pounder two wouldn't make me or break me. Being my land lord, what may be your name ?" "Miller-Thrifty Miller. Yours is Peter Lamb, I see." ??'<. "Yes, that's the name they gave"mo, and I see no cause to quarrel with it, How far from where we stand may Windmill-street be ?" " A couplo of miles. You are walking away fram it." Peter Lamb laughed. "And I call myself a navigator! G<ung west when I ought to go east. That's what you get by wool-gathering. Put me on the ^traok, my lad." Thrifty Miller pointed out the way, and devoted a little attention to a study of his new tenant. A thought occurred to him. His small eyes grew smaller, and the puckers on his brows more intense. :?>?..? " You look like a seafaring man," he said. "Is that a guess of yours, my lad ?" asked Pe ter Lamb, with an amused twinkle. "Yes." ' . " You'd guess, wrong if you guessed again;" Thrifty Miller followed out his thought. > v '.'Landed long P" . ' " Yesterday. With this, (pointing tb hiaVccfden lëg) to dheernie." . , " "You walk as if you're not used to it.' ' " I'm not used te it, and nevet" shall be.' 'Tain't likely.'-' w -_ «How old," asked Thrifty Miller, with odd sympathy,' " may it be ?" "The Lord only knows. It was a second-hand one, bought in Melbourne, half a year ago'." ? . - Neither he nor his landlord saw the whimsical incongruity of speaking of a wooden 'leg'as' second-hand. ff If yoù/.arpn^ it," said Thrifty Miller, " I could get you another,'' " Why, my lad, do you deal in wooden legs ?" " In any thing to tum.an honest penny. But we can talk- of that another time. You've been to Australia." " Aye, my lad." "To the goldfields ?" "Yes." " And to other countries, perhaps. For instance, to Africa." . . " Aye, my lad." " And the IndicB." "Aye, my lad. And to China and Japan, and all round the South Pacific coast. If I said I'd been all round and all over the world half-a dozen times, I shouldn't be far from the truth." " You've pickod up some bits of curiosities, I dare say." "A few." " And have got them here in London, in your sea chest." " Well guessed." " I'm a dealer in curiosities" " .Wóoden-leg merchant,". intcnupted Peter Lamb, laughing, " landlord, dealer in curiosities, anything.else, my lad ?'». " Yes-I don't mind confessing I'm always on the look-out-obliged lo bo these hard times always ready to lay out my money and turn an honest penny. No harm in that, is there ?" "Not a bit of harm." " If you feel inclined to sell any of your cu riosities, or the lot in one lump (Fm, fo.nd of speculating) I might feel inclined to buy, Then we could strike a bargain." "Aye, my lad, but I don't know that I should feel inclined. I've been a lucky and a saving man, and I'm not in want of money." ? You've plenty, eh," said Thrifty Miller eagerly, "plenty of money-more than you know what to do with?" ' "I can't say that, my lad, but I've got enough." " I wishT had, I wish I had," groaned Thrifty Miller. "I am a most unfortunate man. I'm robbed right and left, right and left. I daren't go to sleep for fear of being robbed more." " That's bad, that's bad." " What have you done with your money ; you don't keep it about you, do you ? ". Peter Lamb winked at Thrifty Miller. ." "It's dangerous; you'll be robbed of every penny of. it ; you don't know people as I do. You must put it in a bank-into my bank, and I'll give you interest for it-I will, indeed, good in terest, two per cent., paid every month, if you like " His eagerness, his greed, his absorption on the subject of money, were wonderful to witness. I '-What, my lad," exclaimed Peter Lamb, his wonder (in pleasant conjunction with hearty good humour) growing ; "do you keep a bank as well?" "The safest bank in London. Here's the card of it. The Mutual Self-confidence Bank. Loans from fivö shillings upwards, effected with working men and others, re-payable, at moderate interest, by oasy-instalmonts. Yes, moderate interest. I charge very little; it's almost the ruin of me. You'll think over it, won't you?" " Yes," said'Peter Lamb, putting the card in his pocket, 'Til think over it." ."And now,";continued Thrifty Mille, "as you are living in one .of . my houses, and have plenty of money to spare, yon ought to have your rooms bettor furnished. Not that they're not well enough furnished for ordinary people-too well, a great deal too well for people who rob you right and loft; but you're .different ; you're a man of means, and /you like to be as comfortable as you can. You must have better furniture. I'll sell it to you; and if you don't care to pay for it all at once, you shall pay for it rat so much a-week. I'm not a hard man; far from it; I'm too soft and easy, a deal too soft and easy." " What," cried Peter Lamb, beginning to bo bewildered, ".furniture broker as well !" "Anything, anything, for an honest penny. I'll tell you what I'll do. : I'll come up and see you, 'and--you - can show me your curiosities, and we'll'talk over things. What do you say to that?" .: %" Tm agreeable, my lad." "f5 Don't buy anything ¿till yxm see me. I'll provide you with everything you .want, and you j shall,pay me at eo much a-week. & . And look hero, if anybody comes and asks to'see youiv curiosities don't show them j if you do you'll be robbed as I have been." / , . > "Why, who should come to mo, a stranger in London ? I don't know a soul on tho coast." At an Exeoutive Council mooting, 27th ult., his Excellency the Governor assented to the Soudan Ex pedition Indemnity Bill, and a proclamation was direoted to issue proroguing Parliament. Mr. W. Norris, at tho Newbury Agricultural Society's dinner, pointed out that England paid to foreigners for wheat and flour nearly 57 millions ster ling ; for livo and dead meat over 13^- millions ; and for bacon," ham, poultry, cheese, eggs, lard, vege tables, and fruit upward of 83 millions. Why, he asked, oannot, at least, those 38 millions bo saved to the country ? Local option exists in some of the provinces of Canada, and as tho outcome of this, total prohibition exists in Prince Edward's Island. An English traveller* however, says that it has only initiated what is known in the hush districts of Now South Wales as tho " shauty." He writes that in the island spoken of, tho "knowing ones" oan gratify their taste for liquor quite as readily as if every street had its opon saloon. Tho most ingenious dodges aro resorted to to smuggle intoxicating liquors into the island, and to rotnil thom when introduced." Aocording to tho San Francisco AKGO'NATJT» theïft is a.now beauty *u Washington society this season; over whom all aro raving; Mrs. Horace Helyar, wif e of the new Secretary of the British Legation, is a blondo of tho purest and fairost Saxon typo. .She is a young woman, tall, slender, and graceful, and _fche pink and white of her perfect complexion are as deli cate aB an infant's. She has a pretty mouth, dazzling teeth, and an aristocratic little nose, while with her blue .eyes goes a mass of fine, crinkly hair as bright as ! spun gold. With her perfeot skin, she pan wear pearls hy daylight, stand any kind of a orÓBB-light or ; reflection, and, her: favourite gray broadcloth . suit í Ôôy ètth^ .- -i- ? 