The Novelist. Ishmael. \- BY M. E. BRADDON. AUTHOR OP " LADY ATJDLEY'S SECRET," "VIXEN," "THE GOLDEN CALF," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXXIlt-(CONTINUED.) Tho man who called himself Dumont came o\ to tho open window and lounged with his êlbo on the window aili, looking across tho dim p< spectiveof gables and ohimney pots to the gild dome of tho Lu valides shining in the. last ra of sunset. ;' " Poor little Paquorette !" he said, gent) "Pâquerette, with her lily face and her patho! eyes. I- always liked her. There, as always soft spot in this tough old heart of miñe f Pâquerette. I was sorry for her, too, for h fate was sad, and you were not altogether kii to her." '. ', Hector started from tho half recumbent POE tion which he had resumed a minuto or so befoi and put down his pipe suddenly .with"a'..har made tremulous by anger. . " How dare you say that ?" he exclaimed.. " loved her and was true to her. -Our path w¡ not strewn with roses. If there were thon wo trod npon them side by side. Why do ye harp upon Paquorette's name ?--yoi! must ha\ seou her lately ; you must have discovered som < thing." ; ./"?; '?;r:;'. '| " I have not seen her since I saw her in' th room moro than three months ago," answere tho elder man, and then he turned from tho" wii dow and faced Hector with a gravo eountenanc« "But I have discovered something."; "What?" "1 have found ont who Pâquerette is !" " Who she is,. poor child !" echoed Heetoi sadlynot much mystery tbero, I should thinl The child of povorby, the child of neglect, th drudge of a drunken grandfather and'grandmc ther." What' can there bo to discover in sue a lot ?" " Poor as she, was, she had a; father," sai' Dumont. * ' ' . . ; } " " And it is about that father you have mad your discovery ?" "Yes!" % ' , . T'^An interesting one? an aristocratic mystery eh ?" asked Hector, with His cynical air, refilün¡ hi3 pipe. - ? Ho thought his kinsman was trifling with him " Interesting to nie," answered tho other gravely; ' "Pâquerette'is my daughtor." : " Your daughter ! You never, told mo that yoi had one," said Hector.. ' .. . >< " TEere are numerous episodes in my life whicl I have not told you. Perhaps this is the one o: which I have least .reason to be ashamed; anc yet'I am not free from blame even here. Paque rette is my daughter, the daughter of my youth the child of my ono true and pure love, the chile of my wife." .".'">.'? "Yotu' wifo! Another relevation!" " You have heard how I came to Paris to studj law .J.J rich in academical honours, poor, in purse, Your father/niy father's first cousin,loQkod.dowii upon our branch of tho houso. Your fathor was a landed gontlemau, in a small way-j mino, a doctor, in a little country town. You havo heard no doubt how I neglected my legal studies, was plucked in my examination, went to tho bad alto? getHor/from'tho provincial and Philistine point of 'view;' But you 'may hot have heard that I was a great man in a certain sot, and those the advanced Reds, socialists of the most scarlet dye. I became, a voice and a power among those ineh-^ lived anyhow, gambled a good deal/ and "was just lucky enough to keep my head aboye water. I drained the student's cup bf pleasure to tho dregs. There is not:a¡caberet orJ cafe-concert in this quarter of tho town in which I have not wasted my nights ; not a billiard room that these feet of mine have not trodden. I had my flirtations, too, in those days! with many a handsome grisottej but I!neyeivkttew,w^ meant till a fair palo face flashed past me in the" twilight, and I turned to foliow; a graceful; figtire in a shabby grey gown. Ah, - how: shabby she was, how poor she looked, dear child ; and yet such a gràcious creature !" 1 -'' ? "Was this Paquerette's mother ?" ?.. "iYes ¡ -a girl'working at á "clear- starcher!,s, hot very I f ar; from this street ; a modest,, honest, shy yourig creature, who bluslièd and treiiibled at my voice. It was weeks before I could win her confi dence.7 Ifrr-if I ovér hàd'the thought of betraying her;(and.God knows what infamy may have lurked in my. i^d át' the first) herinnöconce,her giiiish simplicityirher perfect faith disarmed nie. We had'.notîknown each ófchór many weeks before T was.lier slave. And was I, a socialist^ reddest of tho Eeds-I, who believed -hr tho perfect eqiiality, of men, who scouted tho bondage of caste-was I to shrink1 from allying myself, with apure and lovely girl because her parents were' working, people ?. What had 'I .to' lose by a low. marriage ? What hope or prospect had I of a loftier; allianceI?";: I-the penniless scapegrace! What chance had Löf marrying rank or money? I counted thé cost, and. found I should sacrifice nothing.by ..man*ying the girl I loved; and, I marriedjhor one fine morning at the Mairie, afters having: romanced to her a little ovci-much, pèr hapsj^dór tíhild !-^bóíit" my father's tídblé blood,' and ' his^ ^hatèàu-Ma* Uttlerstuccbcdboä oh the dusty'ótrtskirts bf. our town;1.' ; ".:w , '"'.:r., >' - V " Yp$ -rrtarri'e'd her"!,J .That was ari honest/ act; at least." . '¿ ???':);;; ; " Yes ; .-Thad flashes of honest feeling iii thbsc days.:, J.married- my love one fine May morning ; I but I .hadv nó honie except a garrët to which I could take her, and I let her go on working atVthé laimdry^ind- living in her parents' wretched, lióle while Ij beat,' about for a ' way of supporting her and hiyself 'somehow br soméwhore. Our stolen hotu*s'ôfrïappiness, oiu? dances, at the Pre-Catalan, our littlbj jaxints ib the fairs about Paris, our rides in joltog^olotçp"okooj, wjeie the sweetest hours bf myyoutli? One>frong, sud bhè tfníy¿ I did-ihv . love in that beginning of our life. I made h swear to keep her marriage secret. I would n have Pere and Mere Lemoine for father and m ther-in-kw. I meant to leave Paris as soon ae could scrape a little money together, and to sett at Lyons, or some other large town, for afc years, only returning to the capital when I <sm feel sure of having given the Lemoines tho sli If you knew the kind of gentry they were ye would not wonder at this prejudice on my pai ultra-Republican as I was." "Pâquerette has told me that they were droa< ful people." " We had been married less than three monti when my Jeanneton began to bo unhappy at h laundry. She had beon seen Avith me at the PJ Catalan ; she had been seen with me at Sain Cloud ; seen walking with me in tho streets of a evening-and scandal, the broad gross scandal < the vulgar, began to asperse her fair name. Him and insinuations were flung at her-sneers an vulgar taunts, which to her were torture. So or day, after a night's run of luck at a gambling houe in the Palais Royal, I told her to be ready to lea\ Paris with me next morning at daybreak. W travelled southward through the bright days c autumn. Oh, happy days ; oh, happy journey !* last glimpses of paradise that I ever saw On thj earth ! After that my career was all down hil I was unlucky, idle, reckless ; I had not th blessed faculty of continuous work. I could talk Icouldwrito flashy articles for the República: newspapers. I picked up a few louis honest!, now aud then. But I lacked the blessed gift c patience. I was a born gamester. When I ha' a chanco I trifled-with it. And finally, within year of my daughter's birth, my reckless foll; landed mc-where you know." . " In the galleys. A bad hotel for a gentlemai of good family." " Pâquerette struggled on while I waa in tha hell upon earth, worked for herself and infant starved sometimes, came to see me in my miser, as often as the rigor of that devilish place allowed : This lasted for nearly a year ; and thon, fo the first time, my poor lovo was missing when th appointed day and hour came round. She ha< come to nie, iÜ or well, in fair or foul weather and my heart turned cold when the allottod hon: came and passed without sign ov token from her Hell seemed blacker on that wretched day thai it hadevor seemed since I entered it" "Sho was dead, perhaps ?" "Dead, no 5 not yet. It was a ghastly story It would take too long: to toll you the details Enough that I caine by the knowledge of tin facts by tho aid . of a priest, whose presenco wa* thè only gloom of light in that Inferno, even tc me, tho mocker at creeds and creed makers. ] came in time to know that my poor girl had flee in a panic from tho wretched den in which she had lived for some months ; had fled on foot fron: Toulon, because the scoundrel who owned" thc house had pursued her with infamous proposals, and when she shrank "from him with indignant loathing, had conspired with some of the viles! inmates of his house to bring a charge of'theft against her.: The plot was shallow' enough, hei innocence obvious ; but; in her helplessness and inexperience, weak, ill, penniless, friendless, niy poor girl took fright. She saw herself in dangei pf .being shut up in that place whicn sho knew too well from my abhorrent description, from the glimpses sho had had of my siu'roundings. She fled from Toulon with her child, on foot, panic stricken at that falso charge. This much, and no more, could I discovor six years afterwards, when I was a free man ; free as a man can be with tho brand upon his shoulder, tho taint of prison life infecting him, his yellow passport the herald of his disgrace in every town he enters. I was free ; but I was a ruined man, and I was a heartbroken hian- into the bargain. Tho scoundrel who had conspired against Pâquerette had died an evil death; so I had not even the comfort of revenge. I left Toulon, hardened as only seven years of the chain can harden a man ; hardened still more by the loss of that one creature I had honestly and fondly loved. I was never able to trace iny poor' Jeanneton's footsteps to hör nameless grave. Perhaps I might have tried harder ; but those from whom I heard her story told me that the stamp of death was on her when she left Toulon. She had not a week's life in her, they said." " ' f ' And your, child ? You took no pains to leam her fate ?" asked Hector._ ' "¿Why should I seek' her, poor waif ? Had I a homètö give her, or even an honest-name?i If she had drifted to" some* abode of chanty so much the better, if she had gravitated towards the gutter I had no power to rescue her. The infant had never fastened herself upon my heart as her mo ther'had done. The woman I loved being gone, I was content the child should go with her. If I had-found her, and could have sheltered her, she would have been not tho less a grief aud a pain to me, recalling what I had lost. When I left Toulon I. had done with human affection. I set my. face towards Paris j went back into the jungle of tho great city, to live upon my fellow nien^a beast of prey, amohg other'beasts of prey."" . You are'a strange being, my cdusin." : ' " I am what life has made nie. Perhaps if I had been born with a big rent- roll, I should have ' been the soul of honour." V "And you say Pâquerette is your daughter? I Are you sure of her identity-sure .that, there is Lno missing lirik'in the chain ?" "I am sure. The . first time I.over saw1 that' .girl'sface, the night I met herewith you on the steps at Tortoni's, it was as if Ï had s'een'a ghost, it was .Jeaún.etpft.'s-face .that fUtted-by-me in the lanipíight:; a faca fr'oui Hades. Later, as'-shè altered with the fatigues and cares of. her theat rical career, it.was still Jeanneton's f ace j Jean neton's face as I saw it last in the bagne. I had no suspicion of the truth. ' I thought of the like ness only as ono of those accidental resemblances which aro common enough, in lifo. Had you, either of you, mentioned the Rue Sombreuil, or the name of Lemoine, had you told me that Pâ querette was a fatherless waif, reared in that place, I should have been certain .of the truth. But .it'-was'left-tó Paquerétté's husband to en lighjten nie ao to hèr parentage." .TScte*. " And since you have known the tie that unite her to you, you have hunted for her ?" " Evorywhere. I told Ishmael that I had neve been able to trace her beyond Valparaiso, am that I must go to Valparaiso to find the traci Need I say that I did not go so far as South Ame rica in search of the poor girl, whom I last saw ii this room. I drew a nice little lump of moue; for my passage to and fro, and contrived to li« perdu in Paris, while I cautiously prosecuted nij quest for my missing daughter. I have not yoi returned from Valparaiso, and I doubt if I shal return ur.t 11 am furnished with the acte de deco: from tho authorities of that port/' " Scamp and trickster to tho last.'* " Can the leopard change his spots, or tho Ethi opian his .skin ? or, could you show me any waj to earn my broad honestly, if I wanted to begin life afresh ? No, my cousin ; there is deep signi ficance in that old fable of Hercules and the two roads. A man makes his choice, once m his lifo, by which road he will travel ; and, by heaven, when once ho has taken tho wrong turning, there is no crosscut that will bring Mm back to the right road. , I took the wrong turning, nine-and thirty years ago, when I squandered the little hoard my father had scraped together to pay for my legal education ; and from that hour to this every step I have travelled has been upon tho downward road." " Do you think that Paqueretto is still living ? inquired Hector, gloomily. " She had wretched health last winter. I have had many a miserable hour in the watches of tho night, picturing her alono, friendless, penniless, dying of some linger ing malady." .'Who knows? Paris is like a groat forest. She might be living in the noxt street, and one would know nothing. I have put half a dozen advertisements, cautiously worded, in the likeliest newspaper ; but she might not have seen them. I havo employed a man who keeps a private in quiry office, and who has a knack of hunting down people whore everybody oise would fail ; but as yet ho has not found her, or any traco of her. Meanwlile, it seems a pity that I should not touch a lump of money for the acto de deees. She would be no worse off for being dead and buried -on paper ; and it will bo easy to resuscitate her hiter, and to explain that, tho "document was a mistake." " Cheat Ishmael as much as you like, my cousin, on your own account j but bring none of your unholy gains this way. The coin would smell of brimstone," anawer-ed Hector, with a weary air. ' , The name of Ishmael always gave him a thrill ' of pain. It reminded him of the past when he j had been tho benefactor and Ishmael the obliged; when ho had been tho superior; when hope still smiled upon his path 5 when life was still glad. And now Ishmael's name was a word of power in Paris ; Ishmael had won the wealth which sweetens existence, which makes a man a ruler among his fellow men. And he, Ishmael's superior by education and opportunity, by the divine spark of poetic genius, where was he in the meridian of life ? A star that had burnt out 5 a mine that had given up all its precious metal-á mere husk of manhood, looking with tired eyes along a dismal road, whose, end is death and oblivion.. , 