ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. CONFERENCE OF COLONELS. Colonel No. 1 (reading General Orders)— " Commanding officers will issue their own orders as to time and place for parade of troops under their command." Great Cesar's ghost 1 bat this is energy. Ay! far too much; not that I care a bit, But others do not know so much as I. (Groans from the others.) Chorus of commanding officers— We do not want to work, But, by jingo if we do, We've got the will, We've got the brains Colonel No. 1— But not the gumption, too. Now, look here, comrades! You'll have to put your shoulders to the wheel and come out strong, It's no use you reading up Wolseley's soldiers' pocket-book and learn ing everything by rote. You must under stand it—mark me; you mu3t compre hend it! Chorus of Captains— It's all very well To be a big swell, And ride an old Government screw, But now Owen has come There'll be no rulc-of-thumb. We must paddle our own canoe. Lieutenant-Colonels and Majors (looking dubiously at each other)—Shall we have to pass a re-examination ? Colonel No. 1—Well, not exactly ; but you will have to mind your p's and q's, or rather your stocks, locks, and barrels. This Brigadier-General of ours is a regular terror; he has turned out all the pigeonholes in the Staff Office, tightened up the traces, got Powell's back up, made Williams do his level beBt, although he has always done it before, frightened all the clerks into pulling well up to the collar, and made everybody, even to the hoary-hoaded Orderly, toe the scratch. Juvenile Subaltern (timorously) — That's owen to his energy! 7 he Only Colonel—Lieutenant Limberlegs, attention! Don't let me hear you dare to make such a pun again. How dare you pun before your commanding officer, sir ? Juvenile Subaltern (trembling and saluting) —Didn't know you wanted to pun first, Colonel. The Only Colonel (with dignity)—Sir! I made that pun when the General first landed. The Reserve Major— Not a bit of it, I made it when he was first appointed. It's a reserve pun. The Only Colonel—Then reserve such wit ticisms for the future. (Reads from the "Queen's Regulations"—" Punning is strictly forbidden in the army to any officer below the rank of a Colonel.") Now, look here, 1 don't want things to go hard on you. The whole let of you had better meet every night at my office, and study up military matters— from the beginning, mind! (Patronisingly) I will assist you in anything you want to know. Cheeky Subaltern (under his breath)—Blind leading the blind. The Only Colonel (suspiciously)—What's that, sir ? Cheeky Sub.—I said you were very kind, sir. Only Colonel—Umph ! It didn't sound like it. Exit the whole lot, somewhat seriously inclined, and all secretly resolved to join the There are fashions in names as well as in other things, and parents have a way of naming their children after the heroes of the time when they are born, or even after places which come under notice, Probably nine out of every ten boys born of English parents since the death of the gallant hero of Khar toum have been called "Gordon"—and a very good name it is. We have heard of another case—but the report is not fully confirmed—in which a female child born at the other end of the world has been called " Suakim.-' There is a pleasant sound about "Berber," which would do well for the name of a favourite daughter; but for a son we can cordially recommend the good, sonorous, honest, and withal, patriotic cognomen of " Sydney Contingent." " Sydney Contingent Jones, Esquire," would sound well in future years. Old Juinbuck'of the fled River is a stingy old fellow, and a great stickler for rigid economy. Some time ago a lot of his men were camped at a hut on the back of his run, and not having been supplied with meat had killed a kangaroo to satisfy their hunger. Jumbuck arrived to see how things were going on just as they were having dinner, and looked much pleased to notice that they were eating kangaroo meat. "Aye, my lads, that's right," said he, " Eat plenty of kangaroo and save'.the damper." " There's no choice," re plied Bill Toprail, " We have not got any damper and have to tuck into the kangaroo. You engaged me at fifteeen hob and tucker; but as j Rm finding myself in tucker I shall expect SOs." Jumbuck's visage .changed in stantly. It is evident that modesty is not altogether a thing of the past. It is said that a memo randum something to the following effect was written by an orator at the foot of his notes as handed to the reporters" At the close of this brilliant oration, which was listened to with breathless attention, the audience rose en masse and vociferously cheered Mr. Rees as be took his seat" This man was not an Irishman, but he might have been. He was engaged to put up an outbuilding, and undertook to provide his own material. One day his employer noticed that some of his wood was being uBed, and the following conversation ensued I see you are using my wood. 1 thought you agreed to provide your own?" Man—"Yes, sir; but I'm putting your wood in your own property." " Ah, yes; but you were not to use mine, but your own." Man—" Bat I'm not taking your stuff off your premises; it is j still here." The employer said that this ■ might be carpenter logic, but he was not satisfied. He, however, gave up the argu ment, as he could not convince the man that there was anything unusual or unfair in his proceeding. The man simply could not under stand the point. 