OUR PARIS LETTER. FROM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT. On the 4th inst (January) the ' Journal Official' published the decree appointing Gen. J. L. Lewal, Minister of War in the place of General Campenon, who is promoted to the dignity of Grand Crosslin the Legion of Honor. M. Oasimir-Pevier has also sent in his resignation as Under Secretary of State for the War department. The new Minister is one of the officers, the most deeply versed in military science in the French Army, and is the author of many works of strategy and military organisation. He had already been more than once offered the post he has now accepted, first by M. Thiers. He was born in 1821, and passed the school of Saint Cyr at the top of the list in his promotion. He was lieutenant in 1846, captain in 1878, chef d* exadron in 1859, colonel in 1868, general of division in 1880\. During the last two years he has commanded the 17th Army Corps, the bead quarters of which are at Toulouse. General Lewal was attached in 1870 to the head quarters staff of the army of the Shine. At the siege of Metz he was chief ef the staff, and the Bazaine trial showed that had his counsels been acted upon, events would have taken a very different turn. On October 31, 1873, he made a crushing deposition against his former chief. He stated that on the 23rd of Aagust, 1870, Bazoiue received a despatch from Marshal de MacMahon announcing his advance on Sedan and Stenay. On becoming consulted by Bazaine, M. Lewal did not hesitate to declare that a sortie should be made at any cost on the northern side of the city, and that the force should then advance tov\ ards the left to meet the Marshal's army. With the well-trained troops from Gravelotte and Saint Privat, Bazaine might have executed this movement. He did not stir, however, and eight days afterwards the French Army was shut up in Sedan, and in less than a month Bazaine surrendered Metz to the enemy with his entire artpy. General Lewal's works ' La Reforme de 1' Armfee ' and 1 Les EfcudeB de t^uerre,' exercised a legitimate and decisive influence on the organisation of the rational forces. Cc the 4th January the new Minister entered upon his duties at the Ministry of War, where he took luncheon with his predecessor. General Campernon informed him of the actual state of things in Tonquin. General Lewal, without denying the gravity of the situation stated that lie was convinced that with decision and promptness an <iarly end and satisfactory solution might be arrived at. He believes that the reinforcements now on their way will be sufficient to complete the conquest of the country, and that it will be necessary to occupy all the chief points. It will not be necessary, therefore, in his opinion, to interfere with the mobilisation of forces at home. In the afternoon he paid official visits to the ambassadors and to his colleagues in the Cabinet. An irascible Indian colonel declared, at a game of whist, that he had never held a trumph in his life. 'That is impoisible,* remarked a young man. 'you must have held a trumph when you delt.' 'Sir' replied the Indian, 'I always misdealt. A young lady, whose very best youag man lived over-the-way with his parents, took a seat in the window one cloudy morning. 'Why do you 6it by the window such a chilly morning, Laura V asked her mother. Tm waiting for the son to come out, ma,' she replied. The following is said to be a literal translation of a paragraph in a French novel: — " Casting herself between her brother and his intended victim, the fair Inez exclaimed, in a voice that vibrated with agony Bodolpho, do not kill him' for if you did he would surely die." A new telephone instrument has been invented by which the crying of a baby may be heard at a distance of a hundred miles. The adaptability of the moon as a place of residence will now become a matter of supreme importance. A young married man gazed at his motherin-law's two trunks iu the hall, and sadly remarked : 'She has brought her clothes to a visit; would that she had brought her visit to a close.' Miss Roseleaf ("who is trying to force a conversation) : ' What do you suppose, Mr y an NVodle, makes our hosfess' receptions so invariably stupid ? ' Mr Van Noodle: 4 Aw weally, I haven't a ghost of an ideaw.' Miss R.:' And all the other gentlemen are very much like you. Fes, that must be the leason-' " Do you know the prisoner ? " asked the judge. "Yes, sir," replied the witness. ' What sort, of reputation has he ? ' * Reputation ? First class.' ' What has he ever done?' 'Done? "Why your lionor, he killed four men in Texas with three shots.' He entered the coal office with a small market basket oi> his arm. ' Give me a ton of coal.' : Yes. s!r,' replied the coal merchan ; 'where shall I send it? ' 'Oh, just put it into this basket; I'll carry it home myself," ' But we have a wagon right here and can send it up at once.' ' No; I can carry the coal up easy enough, but you might send the bill up in the wagon.' Herr Keutzhuber iu a member of the secret po'ice. Being on his way home after mid aight he observes on the street lamp a placard : 'Ah ! these scoundrels of Socialists have posted a placard denouncing her Majesty.' said Kreutzliuber to hunsef. Being determined to destroy the placard lie painfully climbs up the lamp-post, and havingjsecured the treasonable denouncement he reads : 'Fresh Paint.' TOWLE'S PENXTEOTAL AND STEEL PILLS FOR FEMALES quickly correct all irregularities, and relieve the distressing sympton so prevalent with the sex. Boxes 2s 9d, cf all Chemists. Prepared only by E T Towle, Chemist, "Nottingham, England Agent- for Adelaide — Faulding & Co Wholesale Druggists; A. M. Bickford & Sons, Wholesale Druggists and Importers Adelaidt arid Kadina, South Australia P. Falk & Co., Wholesale Druggists ; W. J Starrie & Co., Wholesale Druggists. A CABD.—To all who are suffering from he errors and indiscretion of youth, nervous weakness, early decay, loss of manhood,, etc, I irill send a recipe that will-cure you/?-ee, oj charge. This great remedy was discovered by a,missionary io South America. Send a self-addressed envelope and.sixpence to pre ay postage to the REV. JOSEPH. T INMAK, Station D New York City. U.S.A- FLORILINE FOE "THE TEETH AND BREATH.— A few drops of the liquid Floriline sprinkled on a wet tootk brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities,hardens the gums, prevents tartar stops whiteness, and imparts a fragrance to the breath. It remedies all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke The Flagrant Floriline being imposed is part of honey and sweet herbs is delicio;.- to the taste, and is the latest discovery of the )ge. Price 2s Gd, of all chemist and Perfumtrs. 