MISCELLANEOUS. The Norwood Building and Investment Society has collapsed. : The Bush Fires Bill has been read a ' third time in the upper House and passed. Mr. O. Laurenti, of Yongala, has been appoiuted a Justice of the Peaces | The. Adelaide bootmakers are still having ;i iMiidHV. They keep it up well. The annual revenue of the L-mdnn Times from ad vertise men t* alone exceeds £400, 00, The Lobethal Tweed Factory's profits for J the last hsilf year were £886. The shutters of the North Terrace talk ing-shop will most likely be put up at the end of the week. Mr. Ward's motion for a Parliamentary survey of a line of railway between Priniro-e springs and Pine Creek has been negatived. Mr. E. W. Hawker thinks that the billet of Governor should be submitted to public auction. The steamship Great Eastern has been submitted to public auction and sold for £2(3 200. When there is a state banquet at Windsor Castle the plate on the tables is usually worth at least £250,000. The most successful school teacher in the wcrld is said to be Dr. Butler, who has retired from the head-mastership of Harrow worth £100,000. Five members of Mrs. Mann's family, Tanunda, have been poisoned by eating tinned fi-h known as fresh herrings. No fatality, however, occurred. Victoria last year spent £621,597 in public education, yet some 18,000 children of school-going age are not receiving edu cation. Mr. T. A. Naughton, formerly a sergeant of the Adelaide mounted police, says that he has perused Mr. Tolmer's 'Reminis- cences,' and, barring Baron Munehausen, it is the most wonderful book he ever read. ' General' Booth owns a ' Salvation Army yacht,' the Eole. He found on a recent morning that some facetious person bad, during the night, rechristened his vessel the ' Eliza Armstrong,' which name was painted on both bows and stern. There is some talk of a Parliamentary party being organised to visit the Northern Territory. It is to be hoped that the plea sure-seekers will pay their own expenses, as the country is not iu a position to do it for them. 'Miller's Ghost,' in one bf the daily papers, says that in consequence of the lamp at the Watervule Post-office not being lighted on dark nights, a young lady the aiher evening ran against the verandah post rind hurt herself. Kerosine or gas must be scarce in that township. Lord Wolmer, a eon-in-law of Lord Salisbury, ia standing as a Liberal in the Petersfield Division of Hants, He is op posed by two Oonservaties — Mr. Nicholson, a gin distiller, who goes about saying that beer is tbe curse of the country, and Mr. Henty, a brewer, who contends that gin is the curse of the country. — Truth. Last autumn a bookseller named Meyer, of ltonneburg, tied a waterproof label under the win;; of a swallow which had occupied a nest at his house, and had become com paratively familiar. On it he wrote a query in German, to the effect that he wished to know wheie the swallow would pass the winter. The bird returned to. its former nest, bearing an exchange label similarly fnstened, saying in Gernjnn also, ?' I« Florence, at Caatellari's house, aud I bear many salutations.' In tbe Sydney Divorce Court, Elizabeth M'Kechnie denied the authenticity of a con* fessiou which her husband alleged she had written, whereupou Judge Wiudeyer, to test her credibility, asked her to write the words, ' I have been guilty of a very cruel action of adultery.' She did so. The Judge then, after examining tbe writing, asked how it was that tbe word 'action' had been spelt 'iixion' both in the few words she bad just written and in tbe alleged confession. ' Oh V calmly quotb Eliza, ' I've made a mistake ; I should have spelt it 'axcion.'' A locomotive driver who can point to 40 years of uninterrupted service without a single accident is not a man to be met with every day. Such a one is a Saxon engine driver of the name of Henze, who has just gone into retirement. During his 40 years of railway ridin-r Henze has travelled a dUlance of '253,347 geographical miles, or in other words, a distance equal to 47 j lurneys round tbe eanb. Germany i adiuiltedly by far the safest country for railway travelling — perhaps one of the slowest, as well — but the performance of this veteran of the line is ail the same a remarkable one. Speaking at a Liberal meeting in Cum berland, the Rev. H. M. Kennedy, author of tbe famous Plumpton circular, said he had received a number of threatening letters in consequence of his political action. As a sample of them one was as follows: — ' You d ? d scoundrel, I hope the Bishop will unfrock you. If he does not, then 1 say what is the use of having a Bishop ? But frocked or unfrocked I hope the devil will get you, and if he does not, then all I say is what is the good of having a devil ?' Many of these notes came addressed ' to his Satanic Majesty the Reverend liar of PI umpton.' — Democrat. The following yarn taken from a contem porary requires to be swallowed with a little salt as seasoning : — In South Australia there ie a township called Eurelia, pronounced lately Yoo-reelya, but originally Yooreliar. 'This is Turner's Flat, isn't it?' said a stranger, as he entered the township, to a man working on the road. ' Yooreliar,' laconically replied the metal-spreader. ' What 3' ejaculated the traveller, sharply. ' Yooreliar !' ' Oh, I am, am I ?' said the stranger, dismounting. ' Now then, come on here.' ' What tbe double blank's the matter with you ?' queried the navvy, ' this gory township's named Yooreliar. I ain't got time to fight about it. I've had two or three up and downers over the san guinary place already. Go and punch the Town Council — they're meeting to-day.' A case of peculiar hardship by fire has been reported to us (Tatiara Mail) by John Hall, who earned a livelihood by kangaroo hunting. He was camped in the scrub about a mile from tbe 13-mile dam, and when about GOO yards from his tent on the 26th tilt., he heard a peculiar noise, which on looking back he discovered to be caused by a whirlwind gyratingin tbe direc tion of his tent. A few minutes afterwards he saw the tent on fire, and thinks embers from tbe fire some distance off must have been taken up and dropped on the tent, set ting it alight. Everything he possessed except a ride was consumed, the damage amounting to about £50. The tent con tained 210 kangaroo skins, 200 cartridges, watch, flour, bedding, and numerous other articles. ' That's a bob-tailed cat,' said the old bushuian, pensively, as he turned his quid, and visited a fly on tbe toe of his boot with a miniature repetition of the deluge. ' Yes,' replied the stockman, 'she's curtailed.' ' Curtailed, why she ain't tailed at all.' ' That's it, my boy — curtailed, cut abort,' said the O.B., ' that ain't fair on the mice, they'd know which is the safe end of her ; like enough they eee that chump end, and reckon that's the head, then they makes a dart astarn and she shut's down on 'em. I had a bob-tailed dorg when I was water drawin' on the Cooper. One day a big carpet-snake swallowed him. I just looked round in time to see his future portion slicking out of the snake's jaws. I made a grab, but there was nolhiti' to hold on by, and he passed away like the Ia6t rose of summer.' The municipal authorities of the Western States of America appear to regard innova tions in female dress as jealously as tbe old Roman senators did female extravagance in dress aud jewellery. An American paper records that some ladies in a town in the State of Montana adopted for out door wear a long loose gown ungirt around the waist, somewhat resembling the Mother Uubbard mantle; but not only were the wearers of the dress hooted in the streets, but in deference to public opinion, which affirmed that rigidity of morals was iiicon.patible with such looseness of attire, the objectionable innovation was suppressed by municipal decree. The newspaper* which announced the fact found no fault with the inHjor's action, nor did any editor seem to find anything ludicrous in the inference to be drawn — namely, that tight fitting jackets were henceforth legally recognised as the visible evidence of high principles and moral worth. Let expectant brides go down upon their knees (says the Bulletin) and express grati tude that hydrophobia is a malady unknown in this Sunny South. Away down iu San Francisco a happy wedding party was assembled. Everything weut well till the bride and bridegroom retired to their cham ber. Then the bride commenced to scream. Evidently tbe father and his guests had reasons for believing she was not a girl who would scream, except under most extraor dinary circumstances, so they broke into the room. There they found the unhnppy bride crouched in a corner, while the groom was commencing his honeymoon by barking like a dog and endeavoring to bite bis little topsy-wopsy. For this unnuptial-like con duct his faiber-in-law shot him dead. The unhappy young man was suffering from the effects of hydrophobia, suddenly developed by the novelty of his situation. The pre maturely-widowed bride, we are happy to learn, is suffering from nothing more dan gerous than acute disappointment. Fony years ago Mr. David Gamble, a wealthy farmer near Emmitsburg, Mary ttiud, made a coffin iu which he slept every' night without failure. His novel bed was chosen, he said, as a constant reminder that death is always near. His desire to impress (his fact upon himself was owing to the -udden death of his wife, at the age of 30 years, from heart disease. Just before he made the coffin they had been to a ball, and -ifter returning home retired to bed. Fifteen minutes later Mr. Gamble found that his wife had died in his arms. Tbe shock was believed by many to have unsettled his reason. He always kept his coffin there after in tbe corner of his dining-room. He sot into it every night and pulled the lid up until only his face was exposed to view. One day he paid a travelling photographer to take a view of him as he lay in ibe coffin. This picture he had framed and hung over the dining-room mantlepiece. On July 13 he retired to his coffin at the usual hour, but when tbe servant called him next morn ing it was found that he was dead. The body was not disturbed, and was buried as it was found. Mr. Gamble was a charitable man and much liked. Quite recently, at one of tbe Sydney suburban police courts, a man and bis wife were charged with having stolen a quantity of jewellery ; there was no evidence to im plicate either of tbe prisoners iu the actual rotibtsrv, beyond tbe fact that the female prisoner was recognised as having pawned many of the trinkets, and the pawutickels were found at tbe husband's lodgings. Tbe husband was defended by lawyer F., and the wife by lawyer G. The liist named had the first show, and confidently appealed for a dismissal as far as his client was con cerned. ' Even on the assumption that tbe man was the thief,' said he' I contend that the wife was only carrying out his behests, the which, as a wife, she was bound to do.' Lawyer F. was equally as positive on behalf of the husband.- ''Assuming,' said be, ' that the trinkets were stolen, and were pawned by the wife, in what way can the man be said to be implicated ? Is a man to be held responsible for the criminal actions of hie wife ? ' The stipendiary re marked that he concurred with both. ' On tbe assumption that the man was the thief, I shall commit him for trial, and, assuming that the woman must be held responsible for her own actions, I shall commit her also.' And be did. European sugar-refiners have lately dis covered in Central India a forest tree which seems likely to completely revolutionise their industry, and it is already asserted that in a not very distant future the beet will be discarded from the extracting-pans of Continental sugar-makers, and the cane of the West Indies become as extinct as the carbonised palm-reeds of tbe prehistoric coal measures. The change is to be brought about by an insignificant little flower produced in enormous quantities on the ' mahwa' or ' moola' tree, which abounds in the southern half of Hindostan, and is occasionally encountered in the more northerly direction abutting on the Hamalayan Mountains. The blossoms are far from striking in appearance. They are sweet and mawkish to the taste, like the manna of tbe druggist, and, what is more to the purpose, they yield, on im pression, one half their weight of pure sugar, for they are found to consist almost exclusively of saccharine matter contained in a vegetable envelope. As each tree is capable of producing without any attention or cultivation something like a ton of blossoms annually, which means half a ton of sugar, the value of the ' mahwa' may be easily imagined. Lord Lome has a practical suggestion to offer for paving the way to that closer union between the colonies and England which is necessarily still eo remote. He would revive the Board of Advice for Trade and the Plantations to which the Agents General of the colonies would ex affido belong. In order to give weight of authority to the Board, he would add to its members the Premier, the Colonial Secre tary, the Foreign Secretary, and probably the Chancellor of the Exchequer. No doubt such a body would be well entitled to deal with colonial questions. It would admit colonial representatives into very close and confidential relations with the principal statesmen of the day, and would enable them to communicate orally the true spirit and temper of the colonial communities in a way that would never be accomplished on paper. In addition lo this, Lord Lome suggests that the Agents-General should ha've seats in the House of Commons, with power to speak but not to vote. This would no doubt enable them to become still further the mouthpieces of colonial feeling, and to advise effectually on all matters where colonial interests were involved. The New York correspondent of the Kwpunda paper writes : — Everybody ' is afloat on stocks. One day the bulls make a rush, and you can see their horns tipped with gore and the bears climbing into the tree-tops for safety. The next the benrs are on a rampage with a wary bull in sight, and the air is full of rumors that the bottom bus dropped out of everything and the market has gone to pieces. Now Vander bilt is shaky, and again, little Jay is on the verge of bankruptcy. Still Western Union pays its six per cent., New York Central ditto, and Missouri Pacific, which sells for 93, pays it seven per ceut. like clockwork. Tbe reason tb.Ht people are afraid of it is because Jay Gould is a potent factor in it. Run it up to 125, and the chances are a million to one that in less than six months the dividends would stop and the stock would drop to 50. The great public have not yet come to the aid of the stuck market, so bulls and beurs are tearing each otlnt. The revelations of the past two years ln.ve had decidedly a conservative effect. B»uk Presidents in Stales Prison, cashiers i« exile, trustees committing suicide, stock brokers going to the ? . Perhaps we shall strike solid ground at last. The financial purgation has been severe but wholesome, and after a time we may begin to realise, as ?»ur fathers did before us, that honesty is the best policy. A New South Wales paper writes:— A 'cute Sydney resident, who, to use his own words, ' tbiuk8 it right that one paper, at least, should know the truth about the contingent,' writes to London Truth, giving the unvarnished facts in connection with ' Australia's first military expedition.' He pom's out that only 250 of the per manent force weie sent, the remainder being taken 'from all sorts and conditions of men,' and that 'the officers, Belected in the same haphazard manner,' were, in many cases, 'as ignorant as the men they commanded.' Further, he states that since the return of tbe men ' to Sydney tbe air has been thick with stories of the incom petence of officers and their unpopularity with the men.' He concludes bis ie'.ter ihus : — ' Had the campaign lasted there would have been some tragic, ludicrous disaster, and the whole affair from the military point of view must be looked upon as a complete Jiasco. I hope England does not really expect a contingent of any value from Australia, for we have neither the trained men nor the trained officers. We have enough for defence, and every sensible man ought to do his best to decry filibuster ing expeditions which cost £200,000 from a peaceful population of under a million. As a result, the colony which borrows £11,000,000 in a year has incurred a large expeudiiure for no appreciable benefit, and we have a crop of silly military ideas turn ing us aside from the true aim of Aus tralians.' A fisherman freely addressed as ' German Bill' by bis intimates found a 3(J-foot shark laehinfr himself to death on a sand-spit in the Wade Itiver (N.Z.) lately. The Teutonic intellect slowly grasped the idea of a ebow at a shilling a head, in which the chief exhibit should be — to quote the quaint and novel phrase of the reporters — ' his sharkship.' Bill accordingly went round auioug the neighbors trying to get some one to go shares with him in the shark and have it conveyed to Auckland. He spent a week in vanity and vexation of spirit at this game, and then weut dowu to Auckland himself — or rather to Devonport, wbicb was nearer — and laid the case before a couple of gentlemen widely famed through out that district for their enterprise. ' But it is too lale,' they said. ' Why ?'' asked the perplexed Teuton. ' Because tbe shark lifts up its smell on high by this time,' they replied in a figurative language characteristic of men of a speculntive turn of mind. This was too much for Bill. ' Ach, mein Gott,' he said, ' so mooch de petter, de beeple viJl not eday so long— dey vill go avay and make room for de oders.' Hut, by the time he got back to the Wade River the thrifty settlers down there had nearly finished building a scLool-house and a lockup out of the odour of Bill's intended exhibit. He is tiow a taciturn and gloomy iiinn with no faith in human nature. — BvMetin. It is naturally thought books which have an immediate and extraordinary sale are readily if not eagerly accepted by publishers as soon as the manuscript has been run over. But this frequently fails to be true. The ' Innocents Abroad' is a notable example. After Mark Twain had returned in 1867 from the Quaker City excursion to the Old World, he set himself energetically at work to prepare his matter, having no doubt that he could find any number of publishers. As soon as it had been finished, he offered it again and again in New York to no purpose. Then he sent it to Boston, and finally to Philadelphia, with the same lack of success. Nearly e»ery prominent house in the three places declined it, which, of course, both surprised and exasperated the author. He had reason to believe that a work specially designed to excite laughter (American publishers are always in search, they say, of anything humorous), and cer tainly prosperous in its design, would be printed without delay or trouble, Finally, he grew so dispirited that he determined to try no more, even threatening to burn up his MS. At this junctuie a friend and literary man — the late Albert D. Richard son — asked for the copy, as he was going to Hartford, Conn., in order to offer it there to a subscriptions house wbicl. had pub lished one or two of his books. Taking it with him, he recommended it 90 strongly, reading some of the drollest pans to one of the members of the firm, that it was speedily issued by the American Publish ing Company, and had, as everybody knows, an instantaneous and prodigious sale. Almost anybody, it would seem, would feel assured that such a book would be popular, and popularity is what every publisher seeks. But the publishers were in too much doubt to incur the risk. They often appear to bnve no more understand ing of what the community would like to read than if they had no acquabtance with the trade. 