SCL'APS. (fY " RAaLBL.e.") That the rifle match to come off on Saturday- Alexandra v. Yea--will be a close and exciting contest. That Alexandra, after the expenditure of so much powder, seem determined to re trieve their laurels. That after all the gigantic game of hrng between Russia and Enpinli seems likely to terminate by Russia's holding the trump card. That the district is again loosing a good man and a useful citizen in Mr. 1). Dbbie, ex-President of the Shire. May every sueo cens and prosperity attend him. That Lord Palm?rston's ghost must suffer considerable if it ever takes a peol .at the scene of his former triumphs, to witneos the want of firmness and 'acilla tion so dlagrantlj exhibited by the Grand Old Man. That the motion of Cr Wightman for a timber reserve on the U.T. Creek, was a wisec and beneficial move for theo benefit of Alexandra. That it appears, however, greed and utter selfislmcas have been too powerful, and the necessities of the town must uc cordingly .snifor, but a day of reckoning is at hand-August. approacles. Thatsomne counoillord seem to be aware of the fact, for they have been suddenly seized with a desire to do justice to res, dents of the Ahoeron, who fla.i the pluck to build a bridge at their own expense. That it is to be hoped this sudden zeal will be fully appreciated, and that the Achcronites, while taking any award the council may make, will repay the apnthy as well as the newly awakened liberality of certain councillors, by a good broad - through their names in August. That the Meohanics' Institute and Free Library hold their annuanl festival on the `25th inst., and the institution is deserving of the hearty support of one and tiall. Tout the United Kingdom Gap is in a most h1isgraceful and dangerous condition. That two omen, foreven one week, would make a vast improvement, and perhaps he the means of saving the council from an expensive law suit for damaerges. That a councillor of ai certain lhire, and a well-known giant lhad t rulE and tumble set-to, the giant being "Non emltine ntoC tis," and the councillor using lii Bspurs in the most taking cocklighting stylc. 