THE SPEAKERSHIP. ] Ministers have decided to call a meeting of members at 11 o'clock on Tuesday morning, to discuss the question of the election of a Speaker, to replace the Hon. Dr. Butler, resigned. The ostensible object is to consider the matter before j Parliament meets in the afternoon, in | order that the selection may be unani- ; mous. A rumor was iu circulation that Lhe Attorney-General aspired to the posi- ? tion ot speaker, but ihis was entirely without foundation It is believed that Ministers would have supported Mr Archer, but lie declined to become a candidate. We are still of opinion that not one of the thirty-two membeis of the House of Assembly can show any claim for the position to equal that of the well-trained and thoroughly efficient Chairman of Committees, Mr Henry Elms Lette, who has frequently officiated in a dignified manner in the chair in the absence of the Speaker. Mr Lette's ability aud ex perience as regards the rule-i aud forms of the House, and the Constitutional conduct of its business, rank far in advance of the efficiency of the President of the Legis lative Council. Jf a majority of the members feel disposed to be parties to an act of injustice, by setting aside the undoubted claim of Mr Lette to the posi tion of Speaker, it is scarcely necessary to discuss the point at a meeting on Tuesday morning. The ' Daily Telegraph ' Almanac. — With to-day's issue our subscribers will receive as a supplement the Daily Tele graph Illustrated Almiuac for 1885-G, containing a calendar from the 1st July, 1885, to the 30th June, 183i'i. The illus , trations consist of well-executed litho graphs of the design for the new Post and Telegraph Offices, to be soon erected opposite the Town Hall, ;.t- the junction of St. John and Cameron streets ; a view of the recently enlarged premises of the Daily Telegraph newspaper office, Pattir soii-street ; a view of the South Esk Bridge, taken from near the Cataract, and' showing the r.ycky gorge, on the western side of which the line of shutes convey ing water to the Cataract Mill constitutes i peculiar feature — the Cataract Hili ap pears in the distance. Another is a handsome view of the Cataract Bridge, as taken from the heights on the Trevallyn side of the Esk. In this is shown the road leading from the bridge to Patterson street, the Public Baths, the handsome residences of Mr James Reading, Mr George Pullen, aud Mrs Robertson, Struan House ; the Firebell To«er, the Wesleyau Church, aud the contra! portion of the town generally rising up the Windmill Hill, and moun tains iu the far distance. Iu the foreground near the bridge, on the lake-like bend of the river, sailing and other boats aid in completing a very pretty picture. The almanac is elaborately ornamented by gilt divisions, gilt letter? ing, and a richly decorative border, and the whole constitutes a pleasing picture, which our subscribers will no doubt appreciate, and place in prominent posi tions where it will be preserved from being soiled or injured. This style of illustrating almanacs, by giving views of well-known local public places, is new here, and our supplement of to-day has been made a fitting decoration for the offices of professional men, counting houses, and for a front place in every home. The alminac is the work of Messrs. W. Inglis and Co., of Melbourne, who rank among the very best artistic lithographers of Australia, and our readers will agree with us when we say that it rt-flects great credit upon them. Bill Stickers Beware. — At the pre sept time there is considerable rivalry in Launceston in the bill-sticking line, and last evening a young man was improving the opportunity by plastering a hoarding in Brisbane street. Wh;le doing so he very thoughtlessly emptied his paste bucket in the middle of the footpa'h. A young lady passing by colli ed with the obstruction, and narrowly escaped a sevore fall. As it was she hurt herself, besides taking away a quantity of paste in her drees, and a loud guff&w; from the noc turnal aitist did not tend to soothe her wounded feelings. If these things must be done at night time, care should be taken not to obstruct the thoroughfare, so as to annoy and endanger passers-by. Masonic. — A short time ago P.M. Peter Barrett, of St. Andrew's Lodge, S.C., received a warrant from the Grand Lodge of Scotland, authorising him to in stitute a District Grand Lodge under the Scotch Constitution, and appointing him the Right Worshipful Grand Master of the District Grand Lodge of Tasmania. Scotch masonry having made rapid strides here, and the English ai:d Irish Constitutions having District Grand Lodges, this has been considered a step in the right direction, and Bro. Barrett having appointed Bro. O. L. Marrison, of the Perfect Unanimity L -dge, Secretary of the District Grand Lodge, a pre liminary meciiug was held last night to arrange for the opening, whic'i we under fifortrl will olinrHv tnlrA nl npp , In Chambers. — Very little business occupied the attention of Mr Commis sioner Whitefooid in Chambers yesterday. The case of Laugdon v. M'Near, cattlp dealers, claim for £47s 7s 4d, which was called on at the last monthly sitting of the Court of Requesls, and decided to be settled by arbitration, wjs disposed of, ihe arbitrator appointed by the parties being Mr A. Kirkland. Tile award of the arbitrator was announced in the presence of both parties, the result being that a verdict was returned for the plaintiff' for £34 5s 4d, the costs to be divided. Assault. — Yesti rday afternoon a man, named Samuel Adams, alias Downes, employed at the Court House Hotel, was arrested on a charge of having assaulted D. W. Coleman. Coleman was in the kitchen at the Court House Hotel speak ing to some of the girls, when, it is stated, Adams used i -sulting language to them. Coleman expostulated with him, and the alleged assault took place by Adams hit*ing the latter a severe blow on the j forehead with a soup ladle. Not satisfied ' with that, Adams, on one of the girls I interfering, hit her two violent blows on the arm, inflicting two cuts. Dy. Pjke was railed' in, who dressed the wounds, while the assailant was given in charge, and will be brought bef-re the Police Magistrate this morning. Police Court, — Yesterday was nearly a blank day at the Police Court, where Mr Murray, P.M , presided, and only dealt with one case, that of William Roberts or Deesan, charged with larceny, : who was remanded to Spring Bay, where the offence is stated to have been com mitted. The Dog Ncisauce. — According to a notice published elsewhere in our columns the streets will not long be infested by stray dogs, which are now seized and im- '? pounded by any constable, when he may observe dogs not under the control of any competent person straying in the street or other public place. In fact one ex-con- i stable has been told off for that special ; purpose, and may be seen snaring the un- I lucky curs with a long stick and a wire ! noose, aud hauling them off to the Inver- ! esk Police Station. Here the dogs are kept for four and twenty hours, and then if unclaimed are shot. Nearly every day the Police Magistrate has to put on the black cap and sign the death warrant of same of these canine vagrants, who are forthwith executed with all the rigour of the law. Owners of dogs of any value had better make a speedy journey to Inveresk after any dog of their's that may be miss ing, otherwise they will be too late to obtain a reprieve, and the dog will be gathered to its forefathers ere its master's arrival. Pollard's Opera. — The Juvenile Opera Company are announced to open at the Pavilion on Wednesday next, July 22, with Gilbert and Sullivan's celebrated opera ' Patience.' The piece was highly successful in Hobart, and as the Pavilion is having considerable attention paid to the improvement of its acoustic properties, the company will be able to out-do the success obtained by the first performances c.f Gilbert and Sullivan's opera in the Pavilion a few'ySars since. The IjjjOT Zealand . Plate-Glass In surance ^pOMPAfry. —It: is notified in another jxilunm, that .exceedingly low rates are^a^ged. by this novel insurance company, wiiich-)0ver'toe'**ialf ofcglass.fpr from 40 to GO'years before the price of the glass so insured would be paid by the annual instalments. An instance of the benefits of this company was demonstrated yesterday. About six weeks ago Mr J. S. Kerr, jeweller, Brisbaue-street, insured his large plate-glass window in the front of his establishment for £2G, and yesterday, whilst in the act of pulling down the iron shutters, the whole front was crashed in two places almost from top to bottom. As the annual instalment was 10s od for insurance, it will be seen that it would take quite 50 years before the price to replace it would be paid. The Tabernacle Bazaar. — It is satis factory to state the receipts of the late Baptist Tabernacle bazaar, in aid of the organ fund and Zenana Mission, resulted ? most satisfactorily, the total, including some payments made yesterday morning, amounting to abiut £132. Those who were connected with the bazaar awarded a hearty vote of thanks to Mr Munnew for the free use of a beautifully-toned pianoforte of Schiedmeyer's make. Horse Killed by a Street Collision. — About 6 o'clock on Mouday. evening a l~.l ? — .. i ? i. . l ? : ? ± »r„ UlU Wit 3 ILUlUg a IlUltJtJ UeiUMglUg 4nJ iiu Symous, baker, home from the black smith's shop, when a delivery cart belong ing to Mr Robins, driven by a lad, came into collision with Mr Symons' horse at the junction of Wellington and . Canning streets. One of the shafts of the delivery cart entered the off flank of the horse, and penetrated so deeply tjiat it became . necessary to kill the suffering animal.' Academy of Music. — Theatre-goers of Launceston may shortly hope to be in possession of a theatre of their own. A meeting was held last night at the Criterion Hotel, and a company started under most favorable auspices. The pro visional directors have not yet been definitely elected, but amongst the names of those proposed are a number of gentle- men, in whom the public will have every confidence. Close on 1000 shares will probably be taken up by the 12 gentle men who were at the meeting last night. WESLEYAN TEA-MEETING. -The quar- terly society tea-meeting of the Laungeston Wesleyau Church was held in the school room, Patter ion-street, on Wednesday] evening last. There was a crowded attendance at -the tables. After tea the seats were re-adjusted, aud a programme of proceedings was carried out, which eiuhr^c^d. the -eocial, devecional, musical, 'aidrtntellectuaP elements, which, it is needless to add, greatly gratified those ; who were present. The chair at the j meeting was occupied by Rev. H. Baker, j whose opening remarks were in reference to the need of Christians realising more fully the presence and power of the Holy Ghost. Addresses — short, lively, and appropriate— were delivered by Revs. G. T. Heyward, D. Anuear, and Messrs. G. Hills and J. Goodger, the Rev. H. Saloway concluding -with prayer. During the evening a number of sacred songs were effectively rendered by a large evangelistic choir, under the leadership of Mr J. Thurston, who, assisted by Miss Rice, presided at-the cabinet organ. The hope was expressed that similar social gatherings would be held at frequent !nto--r-i1« i Blue Ribbon Meeting. — A Gospel I Temperance meeting was held in the Wharf Mission Hall on Wednesday even- ! ing last, when therie' was a moderate j attendance. Mr Sparrow occupied the chair, and Mr E. Horward presided at the organ, accompanied by Mr Callings and son on their violins. The Chairman, in his opening remarks, referred to the great work being done all over the world in the temperance cause, and urged upon all to join in the crusade against intem perance Mr Marshall next gave au earnest address upon tli« words ' lime is short,' in which he sketched the work to be done, how to do it, and when to do it, aud impressed upon all the necessity of ' doing with their might what their hands findtodo.' MrM'Hugh followed withsome thrilling illustrations of the terrible effects of intemperance. Mr Ball then spoke of the influence of the young in th:s great work. *nd gave a telling narrative of a case he knew, iu which a little girl was the means of doing much good. Mr Collins and Mr Horward also spoke warmly upon the subject. Solos and recitations were nicely given by Misses M. Daltry, E. Craib, D. Graves, and Master Collings. Before the meeting separated a lady gave an account of a scene she had witnessed a few days before A woman was stand ing at her door with an empty bottle in her hand, watching for someone to go and fetch h?r beer. A little boy was seen passiug home from school, and was hailed by the woman — ' Will you go over to the public-house at the corner and get some, beer for me, my boy, aud I will give yqu a penny for yourself.' ''Me.' Baid the boy, ' look here,' and pointing to the blue on his jacket lie replied, ' I belong j.. ii. _ t-i.. „ m„..u «„(. U- IOC UIUU ??1UUUI1 JUUIJ, »UU WUUIU UUU go into a public-house for beer for any body,' aud ??ff he went whistling ioyfully. The meeting closed with the Doxology and prayer. An Eccentric Divine.—' The Rev. Billy Hibbard, as lie was uniformly called, was a somewhat eccentric but zealous preacher, who labored in Columbia and Livingston counties some 40 years ago. At a meeting of conference the. Bishop called the roll of ministers' names, buton calling the name William Hibbard there was no Teisponsf , \yhereupon the following dialogue oqcur^d Bishop. : 'Brother. Hibbar.l, why did y'p.u npt answer to your u ime as called »' Mr Hibbard : ' Yoji have not exited my name.' Bishop : 'What is your name, brother?' Mr Hibbard : ' Billy Hihbatd.' Bishop : ' Why, that is the n-sme of a little boy.'! Mr Hibbard : ' I was a very little hoy when mv father gave me that name.'* This reply upset the gravjty of the confer? ence. andanexolosion - f laughter followed, in which the Bishop joined. Mr Hibbard at one time, in conversation with a minister of another denomination, was asked the following q iestion : — 'Brother Hibbard, why is it 'hat you have so few Dec tors of Diri-iitv in your church?' He answered : ' Because our divinity is never siok.' Ex Delcomyn. — We are now showing a very large assortment of Novelties and Labor Saving Inventions, which are well woith in spection. — Frank Hart and Son, Brhbane. street. Alleged False Pretences. — On the arrival of the Hobart train yesterday eveving John Cranston was arrested by Acting Sub-Inspector Scott and Sergeant Green for having obtained a £1 by false pretences. He was placed in the lock- up, and will be brought before the Bench this morniug. The Scotch Pet |Lamb Case — In the Court of Session, Edinburgh, on Wednesday, 3rd June, the second division disposed of the appeal against Sheriff | Mackintosh's decision granting interdict as craved in the action instituted by William Louis Winans, lessee of the deer forest of Kintaul, against Murdoch Macrae, to have the respondent indited from allowing a pet lamb to trespass upon pursuer's deer forest. Their Lordships recalled the judgment of the sheriff, and reverted to the finding of the sheriff sub stitute, who had refused interdict and assoilzied defender with expenses. Lord Young, in delivering judgment, said that if Mr Winans wished to fence his track of deer forest against the trespass of pet lambs, or children, or cats, or dogs, he must do so at his owu expense, and not by a decree of Her Majesty's judges. Interdict was granted by this and other courts of law where appreciable wrong was done to a man, or where his right in his property was threatened or appre hended. Here there was no appreciable wrong whatever. This pet lamb, which was brought up in the manner described, and which, when a few weeks old, fol lowed the cottager and his children, and even followed the dogs, and strayed on to the grass, and His Lordship dared Bay take a bite of grass, was not doing any wrong whatever. He declined by inter dict to which he was a puty to protect or fence the land against trespass of that ai-k/4 4-a +ol rtf o InmK. (rrAwinfT »nfrt * flocks of sheep and herds of cattle was really to taik in a way which made uo impression on him. Anti-Vaccinatoes' Statistics. — If there is one thing which the opponents of vaccination delight in more than another it is in procuring au appalling an ay of figures to prove that the sys'eni is a com plete delusion. The figures are collated with much industry, and manipulated with undoubted skill, but they convey a totally false impression. A striking instance of the unreliability of those one-eidi-d statis tics has recently occurred. Mr C. H. Hopwood, an amiable member of the House of Commons, with an incurable craze about the futility aud wickedness of vaccination, btated in the House a few days ago that there was a severe epidemic of small-pox at West Ham, bnd that 98 per cunt of the West Ham population was vaccinated. Mr A. E. Kennedy, a medical gentleman, of Chesterton House, Plaistow, replies to this state ment, and after admitting that 98*7 of the population of West Ham are vaccinated, says : — ' May I request you to isform the public of the further fact that at the Guardians' Small-pox Hospital at Plaistow 29 deaths have recently been contributed by the 98*7 per cent, of the vaccinated population of the district, while 7G deaths have been contributed by the remaining 1'3 per cent, forming the unvaccinated population ? This is the i fact, and it will be found that the mortality among the unvaccinated classes was, in proportion to their numbers, 206 times the mortality among the vaccinated classes. Would Mr Hopwood desire to abolish vaccination in West Ham 1' These are not the cooked statistics of an enthusi ast, but plain unvarnished facts attested by an experienced professional man who is on the spot. But Mr Hopwocd's figures are of course the figures which the auti vaccinators will quote in their speeches all over thecountry. — Leicester Advertiser, May 30, 1885. Lokp Harris on Unfair Bowling — Lord Harris addressed a long letter, early iu June, to the committee of the Lancashire County Cricket Club ou the : subject of unfair bowling, as to the preva lence of which, he says, a strong opinion has gained ground of late years. Lord Harris draws attention to the meeting held at Lord's on the subject in 1883, at which Yorkshire, Keut, Middlesex, Derbyshire, Notts, and Surrey agreed not to employ any bowler whose action was at all doubtful. Lancashire, Sussex, and Gloucestershire refused to join in the proposal. Nevertheless, two bowlers, whose action ' was particularly objection able,' and whom Lord Harris names — Nash and Crossland — were subsequently withdrawn in Lancashire matches. His Lordship continues: — It was, therefore, with the greatest regret that, on arriving at Old Traffordon Thursday last, he found that both Crossland and Nash were to play. He acted as he thought best under the circumstances, and watched them, becoming more than ever of opinion that the delivery of neither bowler was consi-tently fair. Therefore he has de cided that there is only one course open for him to adopt — namely, to advise the committee of the Kent- County Cricket Club to decline auy further engagement with the Lancashire Club, certainly for this year, and uutil a more satisfactory [ state of things obtaius. Lord Harris adds: — 'Our clubs are engaged to play the return match at Tunbridge in the month of August. What I shall suggest in my committee is, to allow you, without appearance on the ground, to take the match by our default, or, if you ! prefer to go by the strict letter of i the law and to send your team there, to take care that there be wickets pitched, some one to toss for choice of innings, and, on our decliuing to go to the wickets, umpires to give you the match. Of course It is quite possible that my committee may decline to support me. In that case; X promise you no one shall ever hear another word from me on the subject of unfair bowling. I shall consider that I have taken the last step possible, and that I may fairly leave it to some other enthusiast, with more energy, and his cricket career to look forward to rather than back upon, to take up the cudgels.' Lord Randolph Churchill. — Lord Randolph Churchill, presiding on Wed nesday at the 19th annual dinner of the Tower Hamlets Conservative Association, held at the Bow and Bromley Institute, said h? thought the occasion was strangely indicative of the chauae that had come over the Tory Party. He imagined that * generation ago thgy would have gone to the Derby, but qwing to th6 exigencies of tha times they had ceased to be the party of pleasure and amusement. They were becoming a serious and earnest party, thoroughly democratic in their nature, and they preferred to occupy themselves nn flia TlorTw Atr«nina tn flin prospects of the party- and the condition of the country. He felt very little doubt that in contiast to their present occupa tion the Radical party were at that mo ment returning in a state of more or less | exhihraiion from Epsom Down3. The Conservatives were accused of having no policy. Even if the statement were true they would be no -worse olf than their opponents, beeause in this world it was possib'e to, have too much of a good thing, and the Liberals had undoubtedly too many policies. Indeed, they had a new policy for every week of the year. (Laughter.) It wa3 therefore better to send a party to office who might have no declared policy than to continue the party who had tried every imaginable and con ce:vable policy, and utterly failed in them aU. 