fte Wicked Woods of TobereeviL BY THE AUTHOR OF 4' HESTER'S -HISTORY.' tttAnBK II.— SIMONS SWEETHKtKT. juonasteriea was a jagged green heap of majestic and picturesque ruins, standing in die centre of an ancient graveyard, and there were attached to it some rich abbev lands, which ?uauc a urawinauic larm. 11 torn ueen UUlit while Christianity was yet very young ; it had swarmed with busy monks, and its bell had been heard for miles around calling over the land. It had sent forth blazoned manuscripts to die readers of its day, it had fed die poor, and it had tilled the earth. The sun had blazed upon its jewelled windows, where saints and angels gazed back again at the sun. Its music had floated towards the hills, and been the melody of paradise to many a wanderer astray upon the night The legend of its ornaments, its mottoes among lillies and cherubs, had been perfect to die eye. Rainbows had streamed through its hollow arches, and the breath of incense had been warm upon its sculptured stones. Its friars had slept and waked, and prayed, and toiled ; dien slept, and waked no more.' And diere were their graves under die carved stone crosses, whose lettering die hungry ness bad ugh eoaced. Tbe jewelled saifitstliadbeen carried to other shrines, walled up in- trees, or trodden into dust upon the earth. The winds had rent away the hospit able roef; the fickle .winds, which in sojnany a past winter- had 'set. a friendly bass to the chanting of the choir. The sanctuary was but a sheltered field where the sweet wild 'roses would blow ppt-of their season. : ThetalUgrey tower was a building-place for rooks, and 'the clouds peeped- pityingly, through the high hollow arches. The sun filtered - through the ornaments of the vast Gothic window-frames. No glowing glass- was diere to turn its rays to flame. The graves were everywhere — in the church yard, where die people of the country stili came to leave their dead ; among the walls ; in die archways ; in the doorways. Yet lhi« did not deter Martha Mourne, spinster, from dunking of making a home among the hollows of its walls. Miss Martha had had troubles oi her own. In her youth she had been comely and lovable, and she had seen before her a cer tain prospect Of wedded life, of matronhood, motherhood, and something of fine ladyhood besides. But now? Who could picture old Simon Finiston in the character of a wooer ? No one certainly who saw him cowering over a single brad in die winter day in his moulder ing mansion, or riding by like a spectre on a spectral horse. Who but Miss Martha herself could remember diat he had been once hand some, ami generous, and kind ? Miss Martha bad travelled since the days she had known him so. She had been saving th pittance of her fortune, acting as governess to little French children. She was nat g ling u- settledoivn in idleness, and eat up every farthing of her income. How did she know whom shu might not have to help before she-died ? How could any one tell how useful it might be tha: she should have a little money saved when she was old ? Now everyone could witness how useful it had been when the money had been saved, and. an object for her charity had been found. It was a nine day's wonder in the country when she arrived froin her foreign exile, and was seen hovering abaut the lands and the walls of Monasteries. A paiient-looking' lad y in a brown silk cloak appeared suddenly in the country. She was noticed poking about the ruins with a large umbrella. Peasants passing on jthe road, or travelling the:iBoinrs.--atma dis tance,* saw strange and varied apjjaniijns at thisiime. . One had seM a fairmaid si-aving her wand at the:ruin,.and striving topiitatteiichant inent on the blessed walls ; another had seen the ghost of one of the friars ; while a third :iad beheld a vision of a .strange brown bird fluttering among the basher.. * Old Simon Finiston must have rejoiced greatly when he received a lawyer's letter offer ing him a tennant, nut alone for the lands, liut for die ruin and graveyard of Monasteries. A heap of waste walls and a wild, useless field lull of rugged green mounds and broken crosses ! Let (he fool who coveted them have them to be sure, provided he paid a heavy rent. Perhaps the miser received a shock when, the iiargain being made, he read a legible signature in parchment. His tenant was called Martha Mourne. ? ?'- But when the workmen began, then .indeed there was a wonder in the country. : Mis Martha chose a corner to the south — a pleasan -ittle nook, where the sun loved to shine. Sh roofed in a space, and covered it with a warm, golden thatch. She had five latticed window and a whitewashed front She had Tour odd -edroonis and a quaint sunny parlour. Mis Martha had no fear of the dead. Tliere was .1 strange Gothic doorway in the parlour ivali close beside die homely hearty. This led away into a long dim cloister. The cloister were rather in the way to be sure, but they could not be got rid of, and were coaxed inv - service. A piece of one persisted in running right across the dwelling, would not be expelled, iad so was obliged to do duty as a passag into the kitchen. Thus right between the kitchen and the parlour sat a grim stone ange with a font in his lap. And old Nanny would aver that there were nights wheu this ange' arose from off his perch and walkaTahout in cloister, scattering holy water to. keep cvi from die place. - . But the little home looked shining and warm with the ivy from the wall, which was its .f-rop and background, trailing in wild wreaths ovei its amber thatch. A vveil-siocked flower garden ran down the slope beside the graves to the riverside. The hedges of sweetbriar and acacia flung blossoms over, the moss covered tombstones, and here and there the mutilated crosses leaned a little to one side, and peered through the rifts between the roses. It was not for the purpose of watching ovei her ancient lover, of testing the toughness o his miserly heart, or striving to win him froai his unnatural ways, that the woman in th. orown silk cloak had come poking with he: umbrella about the walls of Monasteries. There was one to be thought of who was a-- ilder and a nearer friend. In days long p.i Martha had spent her childhood by the side ? 1 very dear mother and two brothers iri-i home. tow swept away, which had stood but a mi roni Monaslerla. The elder brother had beer many years her senior, but they had been happ; ^vigether, when she was but an infant and ht: . l«g boy. ?' He ha'a been~*godd to her. and hi memory clung warcn«mnd.:heart. The gate ?if a monastery had closed on him early, an she had, seen but glimpses of.himjUurjjig a lon^ i-ne)ylife. But at last there had come to he 1 message in her exile, praying her to visit an issist him. The message came from the |-ri.- of his convent The old map, Brother Felix was -weakly. He needed to : have some care some comfort, some change. The conven .vas too poor, the rules ton rigid, to allow, o juch luxuries as these. Would the sister tak compassion en the brother of her youth ? . (To be Continued. i- 