traveller. Three Weeks in Southland, N,z. BY FRANK MOIUEV, (Continued.) How long liavo I been climbing this traok, ' piokingfoi'DB, murdering Shakespeare, apostro phising tam-tits, and perspiring freely, peaiija lika an hour, I must be at Mat a mila above the level of tlio lake. Sorely I oan walk and moralise at the rato of a mile an hour, Let mo see what tho aneroid snya. Great Jehoahophat 1 only 500 foot ! But the apparatus can't lie. I'm not moro than 166 yards above tho lake yet. I don't think I'll olimb Mount Ernslaw this time. It would look like taking a mean advantage of tho mountain, to practise on a wood track at tho baok of Einlooh first. Just hero I found the following notioo nailed to a tree, whioh I give verbatim : " Head of lake, June 7th, 1881. Notice.-Thia ia to sortify that I, John Snooka, have thia day applyed for a claim for wood . cutting," Tho uamo wasn't Snooks, bat that'H no matter. I went on about fifty feet further, when I camo to tho CQPoluslon that in a struggle between store olothea and Now Zealand scrub tho Hornl) would got the best of It. Then Ipauted and looked around me, preparatory to beiinnlng my descent, There is Dot much jto nee certainly. My. horizon is limited to| about fifty feet, The' interlacing leaves |>f the blaok birch (Betula nitjrn), thg whitij biroh (B. alba), the red birch, the totara, and various other, trees and bushes, effectually shut out the rays of tho sun from the damp ground bone nth, where ferns and bqibI), in endless variety and profusion, flourish side by eido in their struggle for existence, I am now 550 feet above the lake, and for qll the view I oan get I might na wall be in the deepest dungeon in the old Bastille, or down in the lowest levol of the Magdala olaim at Stawell, Returning, a very pretty object caught my eye-a dagger-shaped pendant of ice hanging from the roots of a tree whioh grew upon the edge of a cutting, The water percolating through the roots was frozen as it issued_ in drops, and the tranaluoent icy stalactite, about two feet in length, sparkled like a huge diamond in the sunshino, But I have no more time to dawdlo here, as that sound whioh rolls in a thousand eohoes from the hills is the foK-hom of the Jane Williams, and she leaves Kinlooh in less than an hour. In ten minutes more I am carving an ancient chicken for tho Lady of the Lake, whoso acquaintance I made this morning; and wo aro discussing tho probability of the sun shining during tho next forty-eight hours in order to reveal tho beauties of the scenery, whioh, up to this point, havo been hidden by an envious leaden sky. The lady is undecided whether to go or stay. "Do you think it is going to clear up," she asks,. I look out at the window; then I return and put on my most sympa thetic, and withal my wisest look, and respond somewhat after tho manner of the immortal Captain Guttle; "Tho wind is now in tho sou-west. If so be, my dear madame, that it ohops round to tho nor-west, or nor-nor-west by nor, we'll probably have a change, I£ the glass doesn't go down any mors it will vory likely rise presently; and then we'llhava some weather. If wo don't have some weather we'll likely" have some sunshino," "Dear mo 1 how very annoying. I think I'll go baok," " I don't think that you oan gain muoh by slaying here, madame 1" , " Do you really think It will clear up In a day or two ? if so, I will stay." " Truly, madame, I think you are wise to remain." " After all I think I'll go," " Well, on second thoughts, I believe you aro right." "After ooming all this way I don't like leaving without seeing something." " I commend your resolution, madame ; only diro necessity drives mo away from thesa hospitable shores. I envy you your chance of remaining to see the sun shining in all his glory upon thoso gloomy hills, and trans forming them, as by a magioian's wand, into all the color's of the solar speotrum." " Yea I I will remain." " Adieu 1" " Adieu 1" Tho Jane Williams is a little cralt even smaller thau tho Mountaineer, She is not, like her rival, got up regardless of expense. She has no gorgeous saloon shining with braes and niokel, and upholstered with orim son velvet or some brilliant imitation thereof, But she is a good little boat for all that; and her skipper is a decent follow, too; but ccla va sans dire, as ho is an old Viotorian, and nil ViGtoriann »ro good men when they aren't tho reverse. Now wo aro off. Tho Lady of the Lake stands in a pensive atti tude, watching our departure, I think she is oven now repenting of her final resolution. We steer straight for Glenorchy whioh gleams across the water, about three miles away, like a miniature painting on a huge gray oanvas, When about half-way across we get'a fine view of Mount Eamslaw, whioh hitherto has beer, hidden by the smaller but nearer Mount Alfred. What a rugged old giant he looks with his storm-tossed looks of oloud and vapor clinging to his venerablo head, and hanging halfway down his shoulders, like tho poor gray liaira of old King Lear, when turned adrift by hia ungrateful daughters and abandoned to tho raoroy of tlio atorin. Thorn is a glaoiGr uoroowhciu about Mount Ernalaw which I liavo not seen yot; hut which I am quito prepared to take on trust, as tho atmo sphere and tho water aro aliko cold enough to indicato tho presence of half-a-dozen re spectablo glaoiers. Tho Bees River here joins tho wators of the lake; and although just now it ia comparatively low, tho captain assures mo that it brings down an enormous volume of water sometimes, and that tho shiuglo at tho month ol tho river is con stantly shifting. Half-an-hour steaming brings us alongside tho wharf at Glenorchy, Wc have not very much cargo to take oa board; and presently we arc off, our pas senger list boing rcinforccd by the addition of ft fur skin-covered hunter, with a vener ablo and unkalizoic dog; whioh must be nn extremely valuable animal if only half as clover as ho is ugly. While wo aro steaming along oloso in to the shore which lies upon our left, tho captain enlarges upon the past glorios of the old dig ging days. Thora has bean plenty of gold got about Lalw Wakatip. Wo are steaming past tho old Buckleburn ' digpiiui' out of which tons of gold havo been won by diggers in tho olden days from shallow Binking, A few Ohinamen still hang about tho old plaeo with tho strange pertinaoity of the race, They make their tucker now, and that is about all. But there aro quartz reefs highor up tho river which havo boon lately turning out well, and a rovival in mining about hero ia quito on tho cards. Tho sun i3 still hidden by tho gray paU whioh for the last two days has hung about tha limited area of sky whioh the tali moun tains loave visiblo. But as we pass tha islands a fugitive gleam of Bunshino gives us a momentary glimpse at tho exquisite panorama for which the Lady of tho Lake is sighing, I hopo not vainly. Suddenly, as if by magic, a wealth of gorgeous color breaks from tho hitherto gray and gloomy moun tains. In tho foreground is Pig Island, or Pigoou Island, it matters not whioh, as tliero is nothing in suoh unsuggestivo names. Tho blue-black waters of tho lake break in small curling whita-orasted waves upon tho basalt foreshore of tho island. Tho palo green of tho ferns and oabbago troes contrast vividly with tho dark glossy leaves of the scrub. Away beyond tho atrip of wator between ua and tho further shore, and forming tho back ground of tho pioturo, tho gray and brown walls under the magio influence of sunlight, turn from gloom to gladness, Instead of blaok and gray and brown our oyea (ire glad, dened by tender harmonies and sweet nuanccs of color. Deep purples, delioate blues, tender grays and ft perfaot diapason oC all tho oolors from tho red to tho violet end of tho spec trum are reflected from tho needla-liko peaks and shaggy sides of those hitherto gloomy hills *, and, high abovo all, tho pure white of the snow almost dazzles tho oye to look upon it. But this gleam o£ sunshine ia only momontary; and presently, like tho ghosts of dead memories, tho glorious vision disap pears. It appears to mo that tho beauty of New Zealand scenery dopondsa good deal upon light. This sounds like ft Birnplo truism; and some very smart reader may probably remark that "any fool kuows that." But what I mean, if, indeed, I havo any meaning, is that light plays a more essential part in producing magnificent effects among Now Zealand mountains and lakes than any other factor. Each point and peak, every angle and escarpment seems to absorb that portion of tho composite solar spectrum duo to its molecular construction and its anglo of in cidence. According to tho law of optics, thoio ia no oolor generated by any natural body whatever. In tho white light, of the sun wo havo tho sum total of nil possible colors; and tho various hues whioh great the eye of the observer as tho rays of tho sun fall upon thoso rugged licighta aro duo to the sifting process which tho light undergoes bofoito being reflected baok. Somotiraea all the light is absorbed, unci a denso blaokncsa appeara; then the red, the orange, the yellow, the green, the blue, and the violet raya ore ab sorbed or refleoted aa the ease may be, result ing in all the colore being Been from some point or other, and all blended into a har monious whole by masses of grays and other neutral tints in the way that only nature can blond her colors; while mingling with the olouda ara the Bnowolad peaks. " Clothed in white samite, mystio, wonder ful." It is vary beautiful when the sun shines. The Lady of the Lake by this time is pro bably ha$j)y; aa Bhe must have oaught a fleeting glimpao, if no more, of the beauties of Lake Wakatip, and the mountains, under the vivifying touch of " That orbed continent, tho fire That severs day from night." But now " the glorious lamp of heaven " is hidden under thick masses of vapor. The aombre gray walls are unrelieved by any splash of color or gleam of light; the black waters of the lake seem blackor and more unfathom able than ever; tho shore flits past indistinct and shadowy; the trees and scrub appear out of the darkness in front, and disappear into tho darkness behind, and, the wind tossing their branches, they seem to turn eternally like the lost souls in the Hall of Eblis. Tho ?wind begins to rise. As it blows over those snoW'Covered hillis, it swoops down as if it had just arrived from some antartio waste of eternal ioobergs; and seems to bo ambuocl with a deraoniao desire to out your cars off. You walk about frantioally to keep up the circula tion, or you cower behind the boiler of the engine, which, in tho Jane Williams, rises up boldly through tho middlo of the deck; and ever and anon you foel in the darkness for your noso, to make sure that you have some thing more substantial on your face than a lifeless and frost-bitten reminisoenceofthepast. But there is not much of this, Presently we reaoh Queenstown, aud in the comfortable hotel of Madame Eiokhardt I And aa good accommodation, aa good liquor, and pa good meala as the traveller will find opt of Melbourne, or perhaps in it. (To be continued.) 