(ftaing $vps, PUHLISIIED IN GOULliURN. Truth, ever lovely since the world began, The foe of tyrants and the friend of man. Oamimikll. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 25. NOTES ON STEWS. Sum J! of tlio opponents of the present government Imve discovered, in their explorations into the unknown, one or two rather curious reasons justifying the position they have taken up. Sir Ilenry JL'nrkes, tor instance, luis just had a revelation—from the ghost of Wentworbli, probably, seeing the freedom with which lie uses that illustrious man's name—that the constitution hns been outraged by the neglect of the now ministry to explain how they camo into existence. And here it may bo remarked that Sir Henry seems to have taken entirely to himself the guardianship of the constitution of the colony. Let the government proposal bo what it may—from the building of a bridge to the dissolution of a parliament—and the keen eye of our cx-pretnier sees in it a dreadful menace to the constitution. " The constitution is in danger" ; " the very framework oE our laws is imperilled," is the burden of Sir Henry's song on every conceivable occasion. Wo often wonder that tho moral of the fable in the school books, and tho fate of the youth who cried "Wolf" when there was no wolf, should be lost upon a man o£ the astuteness of Sir Henry Parkes. With the single exception, perhaps, of that given on the despatch of the Soudan contingent, every alarm from Sir Ilenry has been a. false one. Hence his danger signal is now unnoticed, and. ho may . shout himself hoarse -.without attracting attention ; which is an inevitable consequence of having led tho people after many a will-o'-thewisp. In tho middle of tho debate on the address in reply he finds out that the constitur tion is endangered by the ministry not having taken a certain course. Had lie been anxious to preserve the constitution inviolate, lie would have invited tho ministry to explain tlieir position before proceeding, with the present debate. His-silence goes to show that the practice is for the ministry to explain after the debate is disposed of ; and that, no doubt, ' the ministry will do.. " What may we not expect from their masters when lackeys presume so much 7" Taking inspiration from the unveiled violence of language of its pompous patron, one of our * local lackeys tolls us yesterday that MrTDibbs holds officc " by virtue of a kind of lawless audacity that seems an inseparable part of, his character." Tho presuuiptiou, of course, being that Mr. Dibbs is in office in defiance of public opinion. Indeed, this idea is put into words a little later, Where wo are remiuded of the model premier who, with " an over-nice sense of tho dignity,'' of his position, "refused to wield power without the free sanction of publio opinion.'' What is the name of tliisr sensitive individual ? Is ho tho i. gentleman who mot a new parliament and attempted to 0, hold oflice, in face of the facts that nearly nil * his colleagues and • supporters. were rejected, and that' ho himself secured a seat by a fluke ? And how is this implied usurpation by Mr. Dibbs borne out'.' We are furnished with no figures ; but, on. the contrary, it is admitted in the opening or the articlo to "-which we refer that tho supporters of the Government and Opposition are.nuuieriunlly even, and that "no prophet seems bold enough to prognosticate on which side the victory will lie when the division takes place." The last portion of tho sentence was evidently ; written without lull knowledge of the facts. ; A .Jeremiah i in our midst, lias said recently itlmt wo should " shoit'yjj scu a Parkes.Robertson Government," liich, of course, involves the "prognostication" that the division will be against the ministry. Dut so tar .the elementary juirfc of the prediction has ;uot " come to pass." . It would .seem that the Opposition is proceeding; oil wrong lines in its attack 011 the i . '• K" ' V' .'v'- ^ ■- V-'. '-S*VV-'iv. government. The speakers so far have been travelling oh side issues, important enough at a proper time, luit now tending only to weakness. The grounds of assault should be:— That the policy o£ the Stuart ministry has been disapproved by the country; that us far as the Dibus miuiftrv claim to be its representatives and successors, they are included in that disapproval; that as far as tiiey claim to be a new ministry and on that ground ask for a fair trial, they are improperly in office (burglariously is objected to as impolite, but it is hardly too strong a term) j and that for these reasons they have no righteous claim to the confidence of the representatives of the' people. Here is the. new Evangel! But what about the barbed wire and standard paint "swindles"? Are these valuable electioneering aids to be (lung ,asido os tools which have served their purpose, and are no longer of value ? A few short weeks ago and this same authority grew eloquent in asserting that the honour of the country was impaled upon barbed wire, and not until the hist speck of standard paint had been scoured from our escutcheon could we hold high our heads as honest men. Now it seems there is no particular significance to be attached to these " scandalous swindles." It is positively cruel to deprive us of the pleasure of exulting in our own superior virtue! It is even a trifle worse than the disillusion which comes from Cooktown, and which banished our gory dreams of New Guinea savagery. The whole string of objections to Mr. Dibbs will be seen to hang upon the assertion " that the policy of the Stuart Ministry has been disapproved by the country." That assertion disproved, and the objections come down with the dend weight of a string of acrobats in a circus, when the broad shoulders which sustain them give way. When, may wo ask, did the country disapprove of the policy of the Stuart Ministry ? Certain constituencies may have disapproved at the lato election, but others did not. Therefore, it is for Parliament to interpret the general voice of the country ; and any newspaper talk intended to influence that interpretation is simply impertinent and unwarrantable. 