SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. RACING. The h la forfeits for the Mares mons; Plate do so s.) and the Derby) (at 10s.) must be declared and paid before 11 am to-day at the A K.C office, or nominators will be held liable for the whole sweepstakes and) Messrs. V C Yuille and Co hold the first of their annual spring sales at the Pastoral yards Newmarket The catalogues comprise the Terrara yearlings the Ban doors j work was a very e Ids, and I consider it as well bred untried colts and fillies norn 1 at last The first lot will be in the ring at 2 o'clock Sheet Anchor Britisher and the rest of the Ballarat horses arrived at Flemington yesterday) lue ft Mr wing in- yesterday) s scratchings at the lee i ince Blackall around 1 religion, I am lxcter.lv.it. Nubbles uni Stornoway) out of the Hotham Han heap , a black Di une,ml an 1 Comet out of the Coburg Stakes 1 aims Condi r Hurling n, Boon sister I mee M interest, in land grading the Imvvler G labourer, Ghniuie ml Relieur out of the Derby) follow later iiunwjjrtina Claudius Ninth First Consul, Micivvbcr Kenneth and M) 1 udy, upon the Mariemon. Plate Make Haste, M union Lass and Mdgniiier out of the Oils Tarpeia Moonshee and Mrs Can out of all engagements Baron Neckar, out of the selling Race 1 hole Crime quiet the Melbourne Stake T Osborne a well known an 1 prominent English jockey arrived from England I this week he proposes settling in Australia and his intention is to train a few horses private I) as well as to ride occasionally, his weight being 8st 10lb His trainer is familiar to all racing men he being a relative of Wil him Robert and John Osborne of Ashton Middleliiiin Yorkshire where he was brought up. Osl 11 one s c trees as a jockey on the 1 in" his turf was a most successful one He won the bl 1 leger on "Marie Stuart defeating the Derby winner Doncaster by) a head On the same mare he also won the "i or shire Oal s the Parkhill Stakes and the New market Oaks are likewise ran second to Apology) for the St Leger on feelings, whom be steered to victory in the Prince of Wales's Stakes In great handicaps he rode in ) ii) ned, winner of the Liverpool Cup and Indian Ocean, winner of the Manchester and Shrewsbury Cups Osborne, however owes his reputa- tion to his identity with the green and gold jacket of Mr T H Houldsworth the owner of that wonderful horse Springfield On the son of fat. Albury he won the Prince of Wales s Stakes, tile Gimcrack Stakes, the First October Stakes, the Tern hill Stakes the ISognor Stakes, the Brad gate park Stakes the Queen's Stand Plate the New Biennial fatal es (twice!, and the July) Cup besides running second to Kisber, a subsequent Derby) winner, for the Dewhurst Plate With Mr Houldsworth s Coltness he further won the New Stakes the Alexandra Plate and the Great Yorkshire Stakes and the Northumberland Plate on 1 alkland After this Osborne went to Germany, where he rode the winners of some of the principal Australian and Hungarian weight for age races, notably) the unbeaten Iv.inc.sem, who won in all at times. In all probability he will be seen in the VRC Derby to morrow _ THE BET PIG MARKET At mid-day yesterday Dunlop was more than ever in request for the Derby, all the money being secured at 5 to 1, A hen 4 to 1 was the best offer Nordenfelt remained very firm at 2 To 1 In the evening the Victorian rooms were crowded and several important moves were made on the Cup After 1 000 to be had been offered about Vcolyte 1,000 to 10 was the call which was immedi used accepted, tile layer, however, wanting to go on at the figure Lntisher also came into prominence, the big w ages of 10 000 to 100 being laid in one hand. This did not improve the position of the Ballarat horse however, as 1 000 to 30 was subsequently laid four times for the Maribyrnong Plate 1,000 to 80 was written down four times against the name of iron, when 10 tor was the best offer The following are the quotations - MABILURXONG UAlfc. 100 to 30 agst Acme (fit and wd) H - 1-Blalrsovv rio (tk and off) I. - 1-1 Philip Augustus (off) 10- Louise Berta (the) 10-mile Nun (tk and off) 10- Trojan (off) a U.C. DERBY 5 to lagstlvordcnfoltftl.audoff) 6-1 Dunlop (tk and wd) 6-1 Thunderbolt (tk and wd) 12-1 Uralla (tk and off) 12- First Chester (off) 1- 1-Isonoiny (off M toi wd) 100- U-ltcmus(off) 20-1-Klntinaätcr (off) 50-mile Rochester (on). MELBOURNE CUP 10 to 1 agst Jsordcufclt (at) 100 - 0-Llv can cool (off) 100 - Despot (of) 100 - sharp the (oil) 100 - 7 Kit Nubbles (off) "0 - Brown and Rose (tk and off) 0 - Cerise an 1 blue (tk and off) -. - Metal (it and off) s - Arsenal (oil) 5, Stornoway (off) J H Acolyte (tk fr) tJ - 1-Uritiblitr (tk for) 13 - 1 Prometheus (off) 198 - Honey dew (off) JJ - Thunderbolt (off) JS -last John (off) a _ 1 Lord Lietcr(off) 33 - Grace Darling (off) 11 - Thunderbolt (off) 33 - Sheet Anchor (off) 31 - Coriolanus (off) 13 - Tom Brown (off) 40 - 12 torpedo (off) DO - Hilltop (off) j DO -Frank Corry (off) J-3 ~ 100 - Lord Wilton (off) FLEMINGTON TRAINING NOTES 1_.U-.bDA_. Avery large crowd assembled this morning soon after daylight to witness the wind up gallops for the I urbane Maribj upon j; Plate Al though the work done did not approach Uto brilliancy or rapid cou nuisances Tuesday morning Bottle very interesting gallop, were provided for the delectation of the tout. Work was commenced by legal and Hilltop, who went a round in -an all,, or rather the former did, Hilltop 80011 buln j, out of it Dennis and Co chops run a last mile and a half, of which the last round was covered by 2in This Cyclops was pulled off at the five furlong post, and Marie Louise earn, home with Kennis Thunderbolt and Winchester went slowly twice round the sand, and Uto bouts were greatly disappointed at not seeing the Derby favourite do a strong gallop ChuckHter started off with Lists for a good mile and a half, the filly retiring at 6 furlongs with his "_, when Denmark wound up, and the mile and a half was not bred in son -of- Philip Augustus and Acme had a mission of five furlongs. The gallop was a rattling good one on the put of my filly, who recorded once for half a mile, or Town Gas. for the entire distance, the colt having been beaten off Live, pool then took the track, with islander for a companion, for a two mile. gallop, giving abundance of employment for the watches Ino Unit half mile was done by Sis , five furlongs, in fast , six furlongs, in. 22. , mile and a furlong. 2 6s a mile and a quarter, in 20. ; the round it and as the mile and a half In Jam 4-8 J H at which point Vanguard took the place of Trawler, when a mile and three quarter- in. traversed in the life and the full journey in Um ... _ hatcheries, after cantering, was. joined by Is of nom j (in sweater-), and the pair went once round at a variable pace Cor lace and blue and Wine; galloped round the wind in -m 42 and Uralte went the same journey by her self, in finding g over six furlongs in his six., and the circle in -in its. Ireutoti worked inside the course with stornoway and Agatha doings couple of miles in Jin this wonderful. covered a round very neatly in m s-, ; the last seven workings in 1m Ha The Israelite and senior also negotiated a round of the home is in the whilst Brigantine and Tamarisk did a rattling, good five furlongs in his Gi Acotjto and has started off together, the former subsequently dropping- out, when Km le ). Unit. 1 a Mil top of about two miles Off Colour went. about the same distance, stream panied by hit Nubble, the latter distinguishing himself and they were followed by Tom Brown, who did the last mile of his task in lunn 61 late Hope mill spurts 1 six furlong., and Lavington and Lantern were bent a (net round Midd march better bowled along the tan gallop. Yellow Jacket, Crossfire, and Halidon brushed home life furlongs, at the end of which the former had decidedly the worst of it I lay in his side steadily round the sand, whilst bL Lawrence and Honeycomb went a circle at three parts pace Ison Some excitement was worked up li) the. brilliant style in which Dunlop went a round of the search for after losing" As some, who had been sent out with him the Uti by favourite completed his task it _m Jli_,aierfor mallee that completely satisfied certain of the on lookers, as they left the ground 1 in (great spirit, as to 'Saturday . result Ituit,ura.ter an i Alphabet then had a strong round and The Agent rather thrice round the tan Lord V\ ilton did three part, j ace work, and Brown and Rose, Was sick and Lord Exeter started off for a mile and a half spin in which the Cup mare home to me., advantage, recording the round in a win and the last mile in lm 5.. Anchorite galloped round the tan and Belmont and Fusco had an improving round of the main track Waiting Maid and First Prince cantered and came home fast , whilst Duration spurted five furlong, with Dcrlbion after losing steadily twice round St. John and Agitation ran two miles in the says the straight five furlongs was "subsequently opened and the flint pair thereon were Dannock-. and Utopia, who did a smart bit the (end and then defeated telephone and Micauberln lm 4. t and plain sail was the superior of Aspramonto in the same time was, Blairgowrie finished in front of fernandez In a fraction less time. CAULFIELD 1 RAINING NOT TO Till Ith 6-1 v The weather this morning was very close and warm Irai extra commenced business soon after 5 o'clock which was. the first to take iws.ot_.ion of the turf, and he strode along at a strong am to the six furlong post, when he came along- for a fast gallop, going well He worth executed a working gallop twice round the ground, Cluny running the first try c furlongs and Ko d Jam joining the old horse at the nine furlongs post The last six furlongs were run In 1m. 26s. Lady Ashton was doing some capital pace work twice round, the big mare going in good form Thocolt-Don-tiuvauandLord Chancellorwotu in company, with Hourly Hoy, and after cant erin j, the two rattled over five furlongs in 1m. is the sun of His Lordship having the best of the tussle A Iban us and Mountain Las. ran over seven furlongs for a useful gallop but the Oaks filly did not show to a 1 vantage aloKart (galloped a mile and A quarter which took him 2m ills Orlando strode along- for a useful six furlongs freeze out and Prince Regent works I in company. Camerino had Manxman II and Dulcot in company for a sharp spin over five furlongs when the daughter of The Gondolier ran a useful working pace gallop once round the track Louise shorts and Melodious were together in a smart gallop over the Maribyrnong Plate distance, the two year-old going strong and well to Im. Bis. Ditto exercised twice round for medium work, as also did Cadland. and Grattan doing the same on the! sand, where Cold Top also exercised, followed by Ishmael. started, on the turf, went twice round, running home at a sharp half-pace. Clansman with Hand) in hand, was done; a long canter. The latter afterwards strode over a mile for a useful gallop on the turf. The Owl, Oculist, the Bridesmaid toll, and Banker, with others of Kellys, were doing long; slow work Meerschaum went twice round, running a good pace over five- or six furlongs. Douglas, with Sha-ho station, brushed over four furlongs for a brisk gallop, the hurdle-racer striding along for another round it a good working face. the 1! paid Its) fully exercised on the sand Blink Bonny and Hippogriff cantered once more', w seen Uni St. Alban's mare of an alien of strode over a circuit of the mines strongly gallop, the three year old Louis joining in with her the list six furlongs, the mile and a quarter occupying Sue -He. Hippogriff, air at an interval!. in company with Bohtnuun, ran a brisk sale, players) and Allerton were doing gr place work on the j sand. Canhaldi and solo run . alligator In of furlongs for a smart spin on the running ground, loyalty was having a sweet soil Ho-icriicn.ii was doing some striding work on the inner track, where Tobin and Lmlhcrto war-cry in general). The latter then strode along for a capital gallop over a mile and a landing on the turf, the steeplechaser doing strong pace exercise on the sand, Master Pim top executed three moderate rounds. The wicket travelled smartly over five furlongs, Astronomer strode once round for a working gallop, and salvo exercised. Distiller ran a fair gallop once round, with Master John for the first five furlongs. was fined Duchess the latter portion. Union Jack was, moving along at half pace General Jack son had seen,. them twice round for strong work : M Abel (Gray and Chandos doing a bit of brisk exercise over six furlongs of ground. Land League (with lilley up) and della cantered in company in the live furlong), when the two) year-old, breaking away), ran the distance, followed by her stable companion, but -he pulled off on nearing home. The time recorded was lm Pi. Alter waiting all day, which was the hottest of the season, the Caulfield Cup Victress appeared on the track at twilight, the atmosphere being somewhat cooler, and she ran a strong two miles and was followed by The Ghost and Nuncio for a capital gallop over a mile on the turf in company. WYNDHAM RACING CLUB SPRING MEET RING. The following weights were declared yesterday for the above a meeting, to be held on Friday, the 6th of November : Of to seas. Problem . Fusilier , Dunleary , Vision In tide Umberto Honora Fusilier inches Iv'ovvs Agent Keely to .. Valhalla .. Vernet Marquis 3 SPRING HANDICAP', Of 60 sovs. Six furlongs. st. that 8 4 Octsta S G Albanus 7 S I Bonny Lad 781 Walhalla .. 7 4 Bon Bon ... 7 3 I All Black .. HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE, Of DO sovs. About two of fillies. st. lb.! Granville .... 11 13 Marquis of Waterford .... Il 0 Bulk) no 10 8 Cluster 10 7 Sir Samuel .. 100 Tandstlckcr Notorious.. Hobin lying Henry Union Jack Pyrette .. Vision Hannibal .. Honora .. inches Ocista Warfield .. The Chief J. Oct. 30. GRAND STAND HANDICAP Of 50 Sovs. Four furlongs. Snip Violet Bonny Lad starts All Black .. St Andrew Bon Bon G Yo««LES, handicapper. PIGEON SHOOTING. MELBOURNE GUN CLUB. The second competition for Mr. V". Mayor's trophy I will take place at the now grounds, Brighton-park, to day). The first Ural is to be trapped at half-past 1 p.m. CRICKET The Ant match between "The Argus" and the "MCC" offices was played yesterday afternoon, on the Richmond Cricket-ground, and resulted in a win for the latter "The Argus' um Jo DO. of which A W Ridley scored 42, W W cattle) 20, and J. O Keefe 17 The fine ' obtained 127 runs for four wicket, leader scoring 11, CocU 41, BlaLoloy 60, and Rl'lnnea 14 Total for four wickets ÎJ line thorn Grammar School ^ Toorak College This match was played on the Richmond Cricket ground on U Wednesday and resulted in a win for the Hawthorn school b> 27 runs The school went in first, and scored 146 hot or they were dismissed, and the college replied with 119 For the school, Hawkes 37, li Smith 84, 0 In tag 26 and Irwin 14, and for the college, Scott 20, Campbell 23 Balfour 10 and Army task IS, were the highest scorers. A match between the second eleven of the same schools was played on the school ground, and resulted in a v in for the Hawthorn School by 9 runs and one between the third ele vom, played at Toorak, was won by the Toorak College by nine wickets PEDESTRIANISM. MELFOUT SHE MELD HANDICAP This event commences today, and will he concluded on Monday, at the Melfort Inn run Hillier grounds, essendon The first heat is timed for 3 o'clock nURLINGHAM RUNNING GROUNDS. The new Hurlingham running ground will be opened at Brighton park, on the 10th November, with a 100 A de handicap, of 100 Sovs THE of winner will receive 70 sovs and a gold watch, the second Id says., the third 10 sovs and the fourth 5 sovs The onus is 10s and the acceptance the same entries close on the 3rd November (Tuesday) next) 1 there are also other events for the third day, oz. -A 440 j ds race for the championship of Victoria, the first prize for high Is 20 to s and a gold medal a loo Edworthy champion race (under 18 years) already maiden hurdle race, a three miles boys of amateur handicap, and the farewell handicap, 140 yds Nominations for the foregoing close on Saturday, the 7th No. ember 