THE SKETCHER. ON CAMEL-BACK. (BY DUMMOX.] "I never pretended to be a graceful rider, but anyway I can stick on either a horse or a camel." "On a horse or a w-h-a-t?" "Camel." "Oh!" and there was an interval of dumb show. Bummy seized his half-empty pewter and made a solemn essay of drinking to some- body's health or repose, or resurrection or something in ghastly silence. Then, replac- ing the empty vessel, he glared at me half sideways like a sepulchral fifer, rumpled his hair into the semblance of a Saracen's head, and finally sat or rather sank into a big armchair, and went on glaring at me, as I have seen an amateur Hamlet piling on the agony in the presence of his father's ghost. Then with solemn measured intensity, as if he were reciting the covenants of member- ship of a Society for the Furtherance of General Assassination. "You've really ridden a camel?" "And why not? See here, Bummy; don't you be an ass, you know. Why shouldn't I ride a camel, like everybody else, or, anyhow, like a good many other folks?" "Everybody else doesn't ride camels, no more do a good many other folks"—here a vicious ring at the bell—"and as to the reason why, I should think the peculiarities which render your horse-riding ungraceful would make the riding of the nobler animal simply impossible. Waiter, fill these again." Bummy is a beast, there is no doubt of that. Of course, it's true that I am very long in the body and very short in the legs, but that is no reason why he should characterize the aforesaid legs as "undeveloped sprouts," or say in his stupid sarcastic way that if I could only manage to keep sitting down all my life my bodily presence would be rated far more highly. And it wasn't nice of him to flatter me with the assurance that measuring from my hips upward I was one of tallest men of his acquaintance. (I am exactly 5 ft. 1⅞ in. over all.) "Well, I don't care. I have ridden a camel, and you can't talk that fact away, old man, nor sneer it away neither; and that's my pewter, if it's all the same to you. You emptied yours, you know." "All right. I am slowly recovering from a nasty jar to my faith in your usual veracity. Suppose, therefore, you adopt sedative treat- ment towards me, and, give me your ex- perience done into narrative. 'Pon my honour, I'll try and believe 'em." "No fear, old chap; when I relate my ad- ventures I shall require an appreciative and, what is more, an intelligent auditory, not a sceptical social iconoclast, don't you know." "Such big words as those ought to be printed, and—by George, I have it. Look here! Marshal up your scattered wits, old man, and write the story, and send it to the papers, you see. I should think they might make room for it, because they do print awful rot sometimes, don't they?" There is a limit to human forbearance, as there is to the prudent imbibition of beer; but I felt the want of longer legs badly as I left the enemy with what I intended for a majestic gait. And after all I don't know that his last idea was a bad one, and I think I'll do it. Let me commence, then, by telling the gentle reader that I shall make a clean sweep of the proper names of persons and places. What my intelligent friend wants to know— that is, if he wants to know anything about it—is how I got on with my experiments, not where or in whose presence these experi- ments were made. I had to make a bit of a journey in country which is for various reasons—mostly connected with forage and water—almost impracticable for horses, and it was suggested to me that I should procure camels instead. Had I ever ridden a camel? Well, no, I hadn't. Ah, well, never mind that, you'll find it easy enough after the start, &c.;, &c.;—all which I steadfastly en- deavoured to believe, although my mind would keep running on the fate of Mr. B. Winkle, who had rashly declared that he was able to skate. And by a whimsical mental process I reclassified the whole of the human species into two clear divisions, namely, those who had ridden camels, or who had undertaken to do so, and those who hadn't. And perhaps I anticipated the bodily eleva- tion above terrestrial matters which a seat on a camel's back secures by a little innocent pity for folks who had no better conveyances than trams, and buggies, and things, and had never bestridden anything bigger than a mere ordinary horse. As to personal knowledge of a camel I hadn't one atom, and my acquired lore only satisfied me that a camel was an animal about twelve feet long and ten feet high, which could go a month more or less without water, and grow fat on a diet of kindling wood and rusty nails, all the while contentedly carrying a swag of half a ton or so. But then my im- perfect information mattered nothing. I was to have a real Afghan driver, who, would relieve me of all active supervision of the animals, leaving me free to accept the em- ployment which Satan is said to be prompt to offer to idle hands. But let me produce him—of course, I mean my friendly Afghan, not the other party. Abdallah knocked me up one fine morning, and introduced himself with a genial honest smile and the information that the camels were ready. Now, in confidence I may tell the reader that my oldest girl after a long prowl through the Rundle-street bonnet shops has often discovered that I have a genial intellectual face, and once just prior to the acquirement of a velvet and feather outrage (£8 17s. 6d.) she artlessly said my face was noble and beautiful. But in the matter of good looks I gave Abdallah best at my first glance. Why, the fellow was a pic- ture from his turban to his shoes. A round, happy, friendly face, lit up with eyes that a Spanish Signorina might have envied, teeth of dazzling whiteness, peeping daintily out in company with the ever-ready smile, and a figure which, in addition to being graceful- ness itself, promised a full store of strength and endurance. And his dress was suffi- ciently elegant to make any ordinary Rundle- street masher just sit down and howl. There was a turban of some silky black material wound in complex yet regular coils and folds, and with falling ends which reached to the middle of the back. A sort of loose blue jacket elaborately worked and of some soft material was open at the throat and disclosed a peep of some gorgeously coloured under-garment. His trousers were very full—it were a foul slander to call them "baggy"—and gathered gracefully at the ancle, and his shoes had achieved the combination of durability and beauty which seems ever such a hopeless impossibility to merely Christian artisans. Abdallah as I saw him just afterwards, stand- ing at ease by a camel's head with his arm thrown caressingly over the animal's neck, was indeed a picture which all lovers of the graceful and picturesque would have been de- lighted to see. There were two camels—the larger and handsome, named Mahmoud, being in com- pliment allotted to me. I ranged up to him and opened our acquaintance with the usual sort of caressing overtures, which Mahmoud acknowledged by some rather suspicious sniffs at my shoulders, but soon relapsed into his Sphinx- like indifference to all mundane affairs. He bore a gaily caparisoned saddle— I was going to say a two-story one, but it were better to call it a double-seated one. Over all this saddle was about five feet long, and it had a hole in the centre which accommo- dated the camel's hump, plenty of room being left for a seat before and behind. The seats thus formed are something like the pictures one sees of Mexican saddles; that is to say, they have substantial projecting pommels or horns both before and behind. Stirrups can be added for those who care about luxurious riding. They had need be short- leathered though, as the most of any ordinary man's legs is employed in bridging across the saddle, and comparatively insignificant fractions of his extremities are available for getting a grip of the camel's side. Now let us look at the bridle. There is no bit, as you see. A sort of halter is worn, with the end loosely coiled round the neck. This is for leading or tying. The reins themselves are attached by cord, like fishing line, to two wooden pegs, which are driven like nails into the cartilage above the camel's nostrils. When you mount you will find that these reins must be used with a very light hand, for any jerking or hard pulling is evidently a source of keen dissatisfaction if not of acute pain to the animal. Mahmoud's saddle-seat, when he stood erect, was nearly ten feet from the ground. But when all was ready Abdallah moved gently to his head and uttered a gentle "Wh-s-s-s-h," in response to which the noble fellow doubled up his legs like a six-jointed carpenter's rule, and in a few seconds was reposing flat on the ground, being apparently all body and head, as the legs were stowed away under him, thus offering a whimsical contrast to his appearance two minutes pre- viously, when there was a general suggestion of a bulky body and long neck mounted upon needlessly long scaffold poles. And now my time was come. Abdallah stood by while I got into the saddle—a not at all striking feat, as it had a general resem- blance to bestriding a cushioned barrel. Once my feet were jammed into the stirrup-irons, Abdallah grinned friendly encouragement, and after telling me to "holetight," nimbly mounted to the less gorgeous saddle carried by Maphrah, and in a quiet but decided tone said, "H'la," "Get up." There was a moment of awful suspense, during which my teeth were set like a vice, and I clutched with a despairing grip the pommels before and behind me. Then all creation seemed to rise up suddenly from underneath. There was a fearful lurch forward, and a compen- sating surge astern; then comparative quiet, and I was fairly mounted, and my feet were dangling at ease far above the heads of the mere ordinary mortals who were standing round. We set off, Abdallah, and I, amid the ad- miring cheers of a nondescript crowd; and I had leisure to make observations about this, to me, entirely new means of conveyance. To begin with, the motion is far from being unpleasant, although utterly unlike that of any other available animal. I badgered my brains ever so long to find some familiar illustration of the sensation, but can find nothing better than this. Fancy yourself in a whaleboat, sitting astride a seat which is ranged fore-and-aft instead of athwart ships; and also fancy the boat moored out where some tidy ground rollers are continually passing under her. That comes pretty near it, and is the best illustration I can imagine. You will begin by thinking the pace very slow; the tread of the camel's feet is so deli- berate and measured that it suggests a rather lazy walk; but soon you will recognise the fact that the step of a camel is nearly twice as long as that of a horse, and this squares things. The air of serene and superior in- difference which your camel assumes is almost impressively interesting. Watch him when at a divided trail he wants to go one way and you want to go the other. He obeys the bridle no doubt; but could any Christian say in looks more plainly—"Well, mine was the best way by far; but it don't matter, the thing isn't worth disputing about." To see him standing at ease before loading up. All your jeers, and bustle, and packing, and tying, and strapping, and shoving, and objurgation doesn't affect him any more than do the antics and labours of the ants under his feet, There is something aristocratic in his serenity, and you are apt to feel that you would give much to know what is the precise nature of his opinion of men and things generally, although you also feel that the opinion is very decided and by no means a flattering one. But see, Abdallah has arrived at a gate, which be cannot open without getting down; but with the agility of a squirrel he leaps from the saddle on to the neck of Maphrah, who then lowers him down until a leap to the ground is easy. I wonder if Mahmoud would do that for me, and decide that just at present I had better not try. When we have got through, Abdallah leads Maphrah along- side a fence post, then climbs on to his neck as unconcernedly as some sixty years ago I climbed on to my daddy's knee, and makes an acrobatic success of a handspring into the saddle. Somebody has said that the low chant of an Eastern girl is only "silence sweetly stirred;" and somehow the gait of camel is oddly suggestive of repose in motion. You who would like to know what this means should get you out some bright and genial day on one of the big Northern plains and jog peacefully over it on a camel. Once used to the motion it ceases to be dis- turbing, and on the contrary becomes inex- pressibly soothing and suggestive of reverie, if not of the more carnal luxury of sleep. I was sailing gently along on such a day, when the face of the country was unusually fresh, and undeniably beautiful, and thus travelling and idly scanning the scene, the almost imperceptible sound of the camel's tread seemed to jog itself vaguely into rhyme. Three of the footfalls were low and muffled, but the fourth leg to advance had the hobble- chains strapped round it, thus making a jingle which created and accented the rhythm which was running in my head and forming a sort of running accompaniment to the ever- changing views of hill and plain; and this is how it ran— "Pick up a | stick and | smash | your uncle; Pick up a | stick and | smash | your uncle." Nonsense! Of course, but there it was, and I could no more exercise it than I could get Mahmoud himself to whistle "Yankee Doodle." And then I remembered that Mark Twain was once victimized in a similar way (or was it Bret Harte?) Going a long stage in the Slumgullion mail, the highly moral stanza, "Praise to the face is open disgrace," adapted itself with an insane facility of variation to the spectral trees along the track, to the jingle of the harness, and even to the chink of the glasses at roadside bars. At last we come to the night's camping- place, to my great rejoicing, as I have unmistakable premonitions that I shall suffer the usual penalty which visits folks who are unaccustomed to riding. The getting up of Mahmoud at the start had not been anything very dreadful, so I awaited his lying down with patient equanimity. But on! my! The first sensation was as if some body had kicked the camel's front legs from under him and let him down by the run. The effect was to bring tears into my eyes, put an ugly kink in my backbone, and set me gasp- ing my thanks to Providence for placing the camel s hump where it saved me from an involuntary somersault over his head. Half a minute later, I wasn't so sure, for the hind- quarters suddenly caved in and nothing but a strong pommel and a rigid backbone saved me from turning a back somersault over Mahmoud's tail. But it straightened out the kink in my spine, and replaced it with a curve in the other direction. I got off at last and found that by propping myself against a tree I could keep on my legs quite easily. It is only fair, however, to say that the sore- ness soon passed off, and next morning I was quite ready to mount again. Let me correct the popular error that the camel instinctively provides himself with an internal supply of water. Put a young camel into a paddock where water is always available, and he will soon be as unfit to travel without constant wettings of his whistle as any horse. The capa- city for enduring without water for several days (I think about six days is the maximum) is only gained by long training, and it is wrong to suppose that a camel will cheerfully carry as much dead-weight as you can hang on to him. Five hundredweight is a good load, although exceptional animals have been known to carry up to 8 cwt. If a camel is overloaded he grumbles like a bear, and if otherwise hurt will give vent to a queer cry, not unlike the lamentation of a blubbering schoolboy. I am afraid it is a true bill that horses are as a rule terribly frightened of camels; but surely it isn't the fair thing to blame the gentlemanly camel for an excess of needless nervousness on the part of another animal. Mahmoud carried me one day along a rocky pass, in the midst of which we met a blustering, roaring railway train. I wouldn't have been riding a horse there for the Mayor of Adelaide's gold chain and Mr. Worsnop's fur tippet thrown in. But Mahmoud barely glanced at the screeching monster, and never altered his step in the least. Of course camel-riding is at present caviare to the multitude, but before very long a man will say, "I came down on a camel" as quietly as he now says "I rode down." As to the pleasure of camel-riding, if you estimate this when you get off after your first day's trip you will hardly do it justice. Let rest and opodeldoc complete their healing mission and you will admit that camel-riding is charming exercise, and down to a conviction that a camel, even more than a horse, has the faculty of inspiring you with genuine friendly interest and personal regard. 