*;?,'', ~ 'Apia'; f popull ;,,, ....... .,,.., . . . — __ ^ ? ,r -.,, By the Flanbub. .? . ,'.....? ' Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.' -? .'?vV/Ni .:,.-:,.., '.: .? ' ???'. , -.-,' r; ; '-BESET IV. ' «' God save the Queen ! ' has been the general cry thi3 weeky and? the man who refused to join in the sheut' deserves to be; branded with' the most scath Sng ol all? reproaches, arid handed- down' to posterity as being ^unworthy of the name of a 33er-ritish sailor/' On Sunday last her Majesty scored' the very respectable total of sixty-six ye:trs- arid her birthday was honourably men tioned in most of our churches here. Birthday festivals, by the way, are of a far more ancient origin ithan many think, for we read in Genesis that 'It came to pass the third day was Pharoah's 'birthday, and he made a feast unto' all Hs ser vants:'- Things have altered somewhat since the Ancient Egyptian's time, and this fact, I believe, occasionally leads Victoria's domestics to wish they had flourished at the court of Pharoah. Mucli tjreidit has been taken by the Hon. Dan O'Connor's fair friends of the Woman's Suffrage League 'for. the fact that some of the greatest achleveinerits and events of England have oc curred, during the reign of her queens. Under them;teigri of that' interesting female who Is ' ' sometimes facetiously spoken of as Cf Good Queen Bess,' the Britishers wiped out the Spanish Armada, the Shakesperian plays appeared, and those intellectual' giants, Bacon, Spenser, Ealeigh, Essex and Co., also came to light up the benighted world. What Bessie herself had to do with these boasted items Is riot so very' clear, and, as a matter of fact, she did^mbretO' rid the world of children of genius than1' 'she 'ever did to add to the much-desired supply;/ 'What she really did do, however, was to Introduce black stockings to court and make things ^prosperous for the bonnet builders and ioftu'ha'te1 milliners of her day. Her elder sister, Queeii' Mary, fairly distanced her in this respect, for she was the first to muster courage enough to tramp' round in a crinoline large enough to cover Chiaririi?s circus. Queen Anne — who I need scarcely ? add ? is dead — was fortunate enough to rule when Blenheim was fought, Gibraltar ac quired, fand the United Kingdom established, and the struggling power of the public press, as repre sented by tho Spectator, Tatleb, and Weekly Eeview, began to dawn and make way for the glorious light to follow. In all these matters, however, Queen Anne had about as much to do as Garden Honey had, but she deserves a word of praise for her forethought in providing a Bounty Fund for the augmentation of State clerics who held matrimonial opinions akin to those of Dr. Linton, but the contents of whose purses ran in an inverse ratio to the number of their olive branches. The fashions were still well cared for in Anne's day, and it may interest our youth of both, sexes to know it was tacitly admitted that a ?:. large man-of-war could be fully rigged in half the, itime it took a gentlewoman to dress for dinner. . HoWjiniich. more sensible are our womanrfolk to-, day.?\ Echo answers^Heaven only knows. : ,;. ;. There !isrn0[ need to recount the glorious deeds of Queen Vietoria?s-reign, bitt truth' compels me to say jher private actions: — or rather those in which she has-been personally interested— do not cause ?our,bosqius.tp.glpw; with quitei the. same amount of enthusiasm as when, we. blow in a general way ?about -the. -brave doings enacted .during the 48 years, she has sat upon the throne. Under a rash fit ,of: royalty, engendered by ; the auspicious date and a full stomach,- Istpodinthe Domain amongst the ho\yling .dervish crowd on . Sunday last and called for, three -cheers for. the Queen. Upon bearing the, request,, a determined sort of man, ?with ,scorn in his eyes and whitewash mosaics on 3iis boots-, walked rup. and inquired what the Queen Jiad eyerdone for me that I should set up such a mighty howl.-, , It suddenly struck me then that I «ouldn't remember any particular personal favour, and haying admitted as much, the ' dimmicratie'' party ^cornered me again and asked, ' Wot's she ever.jdpne fur enyone else ?.' Eight there, I had him in; my power, and triumphantly related how .she, had. donated .£3 to a poor woman who had 'been confined of triplets. In the confusion that ensued 'Imade my way to the Library and learnt enough. ,tp; convince, me this wasn't such a regal donation after, all.. Queen Victoria's little salary it appears is something like .£385,000 per annum, ancl. those who ought to know declare that by care ful management in the parlours and a sharp watch over the perquisites of the kitchens she has managed to fill a private stocking of her own with over four millions .of pounds already. She patronizes no art, and as for keeping up any state. why Mayor Playf air spends more hard cash over one of his -Town Hall shivoos than her Majesty does all the yearrbund.r ' The sum of .£14,000 a year is, ^specially, alipttedr: to her under the head of 'Royal Bounty,' and yet from an official re turn I 'find that' while the Queen's bounty to Ire land is comprised in a palty .£90 per annum, Scot land' is allowed .£1300, and as a literal fact, the ?salary of her official ratcatcher is .£10 more than the/pittance doled out to Ireland. When it comes to a question of gifts, Victoria is nowhere beside IZulu Thompson, nnd when it comes to a matter of liarftable deeds — such as a Queen should live almost solely to perform— where are Victoria's re cords ? All this is written .without prejudice, and. has no connection with the rabid com munistic cry whatever; but it is simply im possible to think what an immense amount of crime could be prevented, and wretched poverty relieved within coo-ee of her Majesty's palaee walls by these hoarded up millions our Gracious Majesty has safely stowed away in her own coffers, without coming to the conclusion that the great public deeds of Victoria's reign are very much sicklied o'er by the extremely pale cast of her generous deeds. It must be a dull thing to be a Queen, however, for our stupid customs prevent her acting as a human woman would. For instance, she can't stand out at her back door and haggle for half a day with the ' gar-feesh' man, or the Chinese cabbage hawker (as all true women love to do), neither can she climb up on the fence and swap gossip with the woman next door or pass condemnatory opinions on the scandalous hour the man opposite, comes home in the morning and endeavours to open his hall door with the half-eaten end of a sausage roll, or his watch.key. Going down town to spend 14 hours overhauling a draper's stock and driving the weak kneed assistants howling mad in her disastrous attempts to find a bit o' blue to match Louise's bombazine, or a yard of striped calico to reseat Albert's week- day pants is another feminine delight she dare not even mention, and in short, the life of a Queen at Balmoral must be as dull and monotonous as that of a toll-bar man in the Sahara, or a light-house keeper at the North Pole. Therefore, let us thank the gods we are not Queens to-day, and in sympathy shout once more the much-needed prayer of 'God Save the Queen.' : The annual picnic of those daring outlaws, the Licensed Victuallers, has just been worked off with all the eclat peculiar to the social reunions of the persecuted people who ladle out the cup thaticheers but does not inebriate, except under some very great provocation. The bos3 plea sure ground of Frank Smith's, at Botany was selected for the fun, and something ' like 400 revellers assembled and enjoyed themselves as . heartily as if their consciences were never burdened with the sin of turning wine into water. Dancing was the order of the day amongst the gayest of the throng, but the more elderly and staid amused themselves by inhal ing the glorious oxygen with which Botany abounds. When they were full of oxygen they tried the other, gin out of square bottles, and found the mixture suited to perfection. In the sporting line, the great event of the day was the L.V.'s 100 yards tussle for a silver service valued at .£30, the conditions being that the competi tors should run in boots, and the race be completed inside of a' week. About a score of athletes, who had evidently been trained on the 9-meals a day system, and whose weights ranged from 14 stone up to that of Jumbo at the Zoo, competed, arid after a desperate struggle, during which the ground was ploughed up worse than if it had ;bpen hit by a Java earthquake, host Warby, who covered, the distance in three- quarters of an hour, was declared the winner. The only East way, who was greatly fancied, finished second, arid would have probably won had he not sat down in the middle of the race to discuss the policy of the Gladstone Government with the balance of the champion sprinters. After the good things on the banquet board had been well and truly laid where they would do the greatest good to' those assembled, Mr. President Olliffe, in one of his customary telling orations, pointed out that the L.V.'s Association was not dead, as some thought it was, but merely in training for the time when it avouM be advisable for its members to stand up and struggle for their rights as law abiding citizens. He declared that ' the breaches in 'the present Licensing Act had been compari tively few, and many publicans who offended did so from sheer good nature. The evils of the Act had fallen on the public, not on the publicans, and he felt confident that when the ballot boxes next spoke, the citizens' vote would most assuredly remedy any wrongs which had' been inflicted.'' This is manifestly true, and if Our publicans worked together, as their Melbourne brethren did, and rigorously enforced every portion of the obnoxious Bill, the public would raise a howl that would rattle the old jaw- jaw sh'op in Macquarie street about the Government's ears if they did not at once take active steps to upend the present measure. Mr. Olliffe regretted the apathy of those who, according to the 'sarcastic' Sir 'Enry* 'jfloated into power on bibles and beer' but had forgotten the beer as soon as they, had safely reached the shore. There cannot be the slightest doubt that the Association has done much good in raising the character of our hotels, and it is to be hoped the next elections will show the Licensed Victuallers making a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull altogether, to iipend the injustice and op pression sanctioned by the present fanatical mud dle which is honoured by the name of a Parlia mentary Act. For a seed-plot of iniquity, that connected with the Town Hall is certainly the hottest that I have, evor heard of, outside of the Tammany rings of America. It is in a certain . sense even more despicable, for while our American cousins would scorn to loot less than a 10,000 doEar pool, some of our own civic celebrities would actually stoop and steal the corn from a blind cockatoo. At the very latest revelation scene, that Argus-eyed old watch-dog of the people's interests, Alderman J. D. Young, bobbed serenely up, and asked if it was true that certain petty thefts had been reported as having sullied the sanctified portals of the Town Hall. The poor Mayor, anxious if possible to keep up the respectability of the shop, then whispered: '; Well, between ourselves, John, some one did lift a little bit of scrip last year, and another fellow 'nipped' a clock this year, as well.' Alderman Hardie then chipped in the reassuring intelligence that during his - mayorality quite a number of small sums ? had been taken from a certain drawer, and yet, although every effort was made, arid the' police got hold of the pro verbial clue, still the; offender was yet uncaught. The losses had . stopped, however, and, as Shakespeare, or some other play-actor fel low, used to say, humawum est errare. He would thank Alderman Burdekin to pass the snuff-box. Alderman Chapman then scored a point by inquiring why the ' irregulari ties,' as they were playfully called, were not at once reported, and why they were kept in the dark so long. Strange to say, this has been the cry of the people ever since the only M'Elhone went fos sicking round the Town Hall's jerried founda tions. Why is it that all the swindles and thievery that have disgraced the civic halls man aged to keep so carefully hidden until Alderman J. D. Young and one or two other aldermen got at the shady business and dragged it to the light of day? When some petty pilfering went on in one. of our. Government Departments not very long ago, a whole battalion of detectives were told off to investigate] the business to the bitter end, and they relaxed not a single moment until the real culprit was caught in the toils. What was there to prevent some similar steps being taken when the contents of that ' certain drawer' spoken of began to melt in such an extremely mysterious manner ? The present Mayor de declares the business is still going on ; stamps and small sums of money still evaporate as it were by magic, and yet a caretaker, at a salary of ,£200 a year, is supposed to keep watch and ward over the city treasures. All things considered, how ever, perhaps we ought to be thankful things are no worse, for it is now evident that only for the mortgage on it, the thieves would long ere this have walked off with the whole of the Town Hall itself. Something decisive should be done in this matter, for after all it is never too late to mend anything — except our streets. Something serious is, I fear, the matter with either the discernment or the digestion of those clerical gentlemen of Australia who ' kick with the other foot,' for the choice of subjects on which they now choose to lecture is, to say the least, far more sensational than sacred. Last week, I referred to Dr. Linton' s eulogium on the married state, and this week I have to draw attention to the fact that the Eeverend Mr. Byng, a popular Melbourne divine, has just been holding forth on the. somewhat remarkable subject of 'Judas.' Pastor Allen went pretty far when he delivered his celebrated oration on Anti-christ, but I think Mr. Byng is the most original of the worthy pair, for he actually said quite a number of good words in favour of the traitorous apostle. In the great 'Last Supper' picture of Da Vinci, the miserable Judas is represented as being a' scowling, swarthy, sinister-looking party who: would as cheerfully handle a stilletto as he ?Hrould a piece of gold; but Mr. Byng conclusively proves that the great painter's portrait is simply a .£1 0,000 libel on the recreant. Mr. Byng's theory is that Judas was the handsomest man of his day, and that our worthy Sergeant-at-Arms, or even Cupid Srnith of the Macleay would look repulsive enough to scare the Kiama Ghost if placed by the side of the attractive Mr. Judas. Mr. Byng bases his theory on the fact that his experience has taught him that the handsomest men and the prettiest women are more evil of nature than the commonplace and ugly. What a world of consolation is contained in these few words for many of us on this side of the border. Personally, I feel myself to be quite a most virtu pus and respectable party ever since I read the Byng statement. Assuming Judas's champion to be right, it is manifest that if all handsome persons are evil, all the ugly ones must be good's or, to put the matter plainer,' the aforesaid Cupid Smith' must be a second Mephistopheles, while Sir 'Enry Parkes is the incarnation of all that is good and holy. Juvenal once declared ?????.?'. ? i '— — -Still we find ? The face the unerring' index of tho mind,' but the]balance of my experience leads me to vote for the comforting theory of the Rev. Mr. Byng. Byron once said that the handsomest and most polite man he ever met picked his pockets, and it is a well-subatantiated fact that the celebrated Jack Wilkes, who was universally admitted to be the ugliest man in England, boasted that if he had a few hours' start he could boat the hand somest man in the world for a lady's favours. Mr. Byng is clearly in the right ; Judas was a living model of the Apollo Belvidere, and so, henceforth, whenever I ineet a handsome man ©r a pretty woman I will know that the former is a second Ananias, and the latter a 19th century copy of -' Lucrezia Borgia. Mr. Byng has brought ever lasting consolation to the bulk of his fellow mortals, and I consider that it is the correct thing for the ugly portion of our community to club up and present him with an album containing all their photos. But our Victorian friends must be in a high state, of grace indeed when their divines have nothing better to sermonize upon than the Matrimonial Bill and Judas. 