ECHIOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY THE GuIosT.) So it now turns out that for the last two months or so we have been " wasting our sweetness on the desert air I" We luhave been barking up the wrong tree, and pouring out the vials of our wrath upon the wrong head. Our rhetorical big guns have been aimed in anything but the right direction. We have been abusing Lord Derby, and all the time our invective should have been hurled at Mr. Gladstone. It is the Grand Old Man after all who is re sponsible for the New Guineafiasco. So at least says Mr. James Anthony Froude, the ci-devrant Church of England clergy. uman,author ofgoodnessonlyknows how many works of more or less orthodoxy, the apolo gist of " Bluff King Hal," and biographer of the late Thomsas Carlyle. And Mr. Froude being, besides all this, an historian into the bargain,of course,after the manner of his kind-from Josephus to Macaulay downwards-always tells the plain un varnished truth. He knows the Colonial Secretary intimately, and England's Premier nearly as well, and is therefore qualified to deliver (an ex calhedru opinion. And lie assures us that no blame whatever, should attach to Lord Derby. That noble man, we are informed, always looks at both sides of every question, and invariably acts with an eye to future contingencies. And really the course of events would appear fully to bear out this assertion. He may have foreseen the storm his course of action would raise in Australia, and with wise forethought provided himself with an um brella-in the shape of Mr. Fronde. If this gentleman's mission is to " put the saddle on the right horse" in connection with this much bungled annexation busi ness, he has indeed a herculean task before him. For people will naturally ask them selves why the Colonial Socretary,if lie did not approve of the policy of his chief, was so ready to carry it out. Some men foolish onesperhaps--have been known to prefer principle to place. Evidently the Earl of Derby does not belong to this class. Sarts chankger is the motto of hishouse, em blazoned on liis coat of arms. And if the fact that io was at one period of his career a pillar of Conservatism, and is now a Liberal, animated with all a pervert's zeal, be omitted from his history, it will be seen that the present head of the Stanleys is true to the traditions of his race, and does not discredit the Herald's College. His inu stincts are still those of his ancestor, who, on Bosworth's field proved recreant to his sovereign,Iandsacrificed dutyand honour to expediency. Do circumstances, as it is proverbially alleged, alter cases i Who shall say? But is it not just possible that if Mr. Froude's letters of introduction to Government House had been penned by Mr. Gladstone, instead of by Lord Derby, Short might have turned out to be our friend instead of Codlin ? Or again, if Mr. Gladstone had not contemplated retiring, as a belted earl, into the comparative political obscurity of the House of Lords, would he not have been a little more solicitous about the honour of old Eng land ? When the history" of these southern lands comes to be writtten-as it mayper haps be-by the distinguished visitor now in our midst, we shall perhaps learn, from one who professes to have been behind the scenes, whether as regards New Guinea England has been befooled, or has herself befooled the colonies. An additional drop of venom has been injected into the quarrel between the boot makers and their employers, by the inju dicious publication of a private letter from one manufacturer to another. The inci dent only serves to demonstrate how very large an amountof feeling, and how very small an amount of principle, is involved in the dispute. Were any vital interest at stake, there would not Ie the same anxiety and readiness shown to ignore the main point, and raise all kinds of side issues. In truth, the public are entirely in the dark in regard to what the requirements of the workmen are, and what concessions the manufacturers refuse to grant. The men object to " sweating," and so do the masters, and this being the case, it would seem as if the bottom had really fallen out of the squabble. And no doubt it has, for were it not that Mr. Trenwith stops the way, an amicable settlement could be effected in a couple of days. Can this gen tleman not be got rid of for a time ? No very great amount of obloquy attaches to the crew of the vessel that threw Jonah overboard; for in our time, as in thedays of the Nineveh prophet, self- preservation is nature's first law. With such a prece dent to guide them, why don't the leaders of the Bootmakers' Union withdraw their secretary from the list of delegates, and meet the employers to discuss the various matters at issue ? Surely they don't fear that if history were to repeat itself, and a whale were to swallow their Jonah, and Mr. Trenwitl be allowed to speak from his new habitation, the "spouting" proclivi ties of the mammalian fish would be en Ianced to such a degree that even Gaun son and Mirams would be thrown into the shade, and the result of the conference be! "words, words, words I" It would almost appear as if the old adage that "murder will out" is destined to receive yet another illustration. The medical examination held on the exhumed body of the late Mr. J. B. Slack shows that the Coroner's jury jumped at a con clusion in affirming that the unfortunate man died by his own hand. Doctors Neild and Allan are both of opinion that Slack was first throttled, and that his throat was subsequently cut, a bone in the neck fractured by violence leading them to this conclusion. In his desire to be removed from Pentridge to the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, the convict Barnes has overreached himself. His story of the murder, told with much circumstantiality, has been confirmed in so many points, that very little doubt now exists in regard to the truth of his confession, and none at all in respect to his sanity. He was not able to sham madness with anything approaching the success of Hamlet, about whose true state of mind there still exists is divided opinion. Barnes has literally jumped from the fryingpan into the fire. When he achieves the object of his desire, and bids farewell to his present quarters, it will be to enter the condemned cell on his way to the gallows. He is to be tried in February next, when the mystery surrounding, at all events, one of the latest murders, will, it is to be hoped, be unravelled, provided always that he does not cheat justice by dying in the meantime - a contingency said to be by no means unlikely. Admiral Tryon, the officer who has just arrived to take command of the Australian squadron, has been visiting "the defences of the colony." Why the works which de fend Melbourne and its approaches exclu sively should be so styled, is a question which, in passing, some people may be in clined to ask. Perhaps outside of the capital of Victoria there is not much "colony" to speak of. Be this, however, as it may, the gallant commander of the "Queen's Navee" in these parts has pro nounoed a most favourable opinion on the fortifications at the Heads-completed and projected-and our warships are, in his eyes, simply perfection. On last Saturday the Admiral thought ;that Melbourne was almost safe against any attack likely to be made upon it. Now, any doubts he may have entertained would most certainly have been dissipated had he been able to avail himself of the in vitation of the Harbour Trust Commissioners to take a trip down thie Yarra. He would at once have realised the futility of any attempt to reach " the Queen city of the south" by the river route by persons in possession of all their senses. No enemy would brave the stench that rises from its putrid waters between the Gas Works and Fisherman's Bend. The passage between Points Lonsdale and Nepean might' be forced, the batteries at Swan Island and the pile fort (when it is built) negotiated in safety, and even the fire from the Point Gellibrand lighthouse and Willianistown braved with impunity, but no foe would ever pass the bone mills and the Port Mel bourne and Sandridge abattoirs. ?'Thus far might they come, but no further. What a pity this last (and strongest) line of de fence is soon to be removed ! The proceedings consequent on the acci dent to the torpedo boat Childers vhen on a voyage to Geelong, under the command of Lieut. Hely-IIsutchinson, have at last been brought to an end. The Court to which the matter was referred have arrived at the conclusion that the gallant officer, though only in Port Phillip Bay, was quite "at sea" in regard to his whereabouts, and is deserving of severe censure. He has accordingly been "severely censured," and sent rejoicing on his way. He has not been called upon to make good the damage done out of his pay ; the only " screw" affected by the mishap being that of the vessel. There has been no change in the pro grammes at any of the theatres in Mel bourne. At the Royal and the Opera the Christmas burlesques of "Cinderella" and " Sinbad the Sailor" continue respectively to draw good houses, constant repetition now causing the pieces to run with the greatest smoothness. At the Bijou "Con fusion" still confounds its hearers, the laughter created being of a kind whichl even the term "HIomeric" would inade quately describe. The Jubilee Exhibition, which the Government insist shall be closed at the end of the month, is as popular aresort as ever. It is a matter for regret that it should be closed while its attractions are still so fresh. January 24. 