INSTALLATION OF THE BISHOP OF I RIVERINA. As has already appoarod in tho &razicr; tho Bishops of Sydney (primate), Goulburn, and Rivorina, at tended by their suito, arrived horo on Tuesday even ing, Thoy wero received at tho railway station by tho leading residents and convoyod to tho Athonsum, I where, as previously roported, tho Mayor welcomed thorn. Tno throe Bishops roplied in goneral torm?, hoping that tho noasons would chango aud bettor times await this district as alroady roportod, tho several dignitaries were accommodated at the resi dences of our leading mon. On Wednesday morning His Honor Judgo Foruo3 rocognised tho occasion by adjourning his court until Thursday, at tho request of Mr F. W. Rood, solicitor. At 11 o'clock a procession was formed at tho Athenaeum Hall, which proceodcd to St. Paul's Church in the following ordor: — Trustees and Churchwardens. Clergy. Chancellor Campbell. Tho Bishop of Rivorina, attended by a Chaplain. I The Bishop of Goulburn, attonded by his Chaplain.^ Tho Metropolitan Bishop of Syduoy, attended by his Chaplain. Tho church was filled to its utmost capacity, tho Litany was recited by Archdoacon Cumpuoll ina vory effectivo manner. Tho 149th Psalm having boon sung, a portion of tho Communion Servico was road, aftor which tho Niceno Creed was rocittd. Tho Chaucellor of tho Dioceso, tho Hon. C. Campboll, thon road a numbor of documents relating to the for matiou of tho See and the appoiutment of tho Bishop; Notarial Document — Surrender of Territory by tho Bishops of Goulburn and Bathurst; Mandate to Licensed Minister. The Reverend Jamos Macarthur, Incumbent of St. Paul's then addressod tho Bishop of Riverina as follows : — INSTALLATION. As licensod Minister of tho parish of St. Paul's at Hay, in tho colony of Now South Walos, in obodienco to tho mandatos of tho Right Roverond Father in God Mosac by Divine permission Bishop of Goulburn and of tho Most Roverond Father in God Alfred by Divino permission Lord Bishop of Sydnoy, and Metro politan provinco, I, Jamos Macarthur, do heroby in stall thee Sydney Linton, Doctor in Divinity, duly chosou and appointed to the See and Diocoso of Rivorina, and duly consocratod by tho Most Roverond Fathor in God, Jidward White, by Divine permission, Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, under license of Her Most Gracious Majosty tho Quoen, to bo a Bi-hop of tho Church of England into tho real a-:d actual pos session of tho Soo of Rivorina, with all tho rights, mombers, and appurtenances thereof, in tho name of the Fathor, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The installation thon took placo, aftor which tho hymn 'Voni Cr' ator' was sung. Tho Primate, the Right Roverond Bi-hop Barry then preached a sermon from Ephesians, 2-21, in which he dwoltupon the necessity of individual and collective Christianity. Wo aro procludod from giving a full roport of this most able address in tho present issue, but will give it in extonso in the next publication. The offertory was then takon, after which the sorvice concluded with prayers. At throe o'clock a luncheon was hold at Tattor sall's Hotel to welcome the Bishop of Rivorina and the other distinguished visitors. Thero was a great gathering; nearly all tho loading pooplo of the dis trict beiug present. So groat was the attendanco that Mrs Esplin was put to some straits, as the num ber of guests given to her was moro than donblod. However, so excollontly does this lady and her em ployes manage tho hotol that provision was at onco made for tho overplus; tables being improvised on the verandah. Thore wero present : Their Lordships tho Bishops of Sydnoy, Goulburn, and Riverina ; Archdeacons Campbell, and Pownall, Hon. C. Campboll, M.L.C., Revs. Mitcholl, Davis, Christie, Harvey, Gribble, and Mrs Gribblo. Wo observed tho following local ro-sidonts present: — The Mayor (Dr Harvey) and Mrs Harvey, Mr aud Mrs Mair, Judgo Forbos, Mr Pitcairn, Mr and Mrs T. McFarland, Mr and Mrs Lavender, Mrs Smith and Miss JSarniero, Mr Huie N. Bowden, Mr John Wit combe, Mr and Mrs Andrew and Mrs Lees. Mr and Mrs Norman, Mr and Mrs Bowes, Dr and Mrs Casoy, Mr and Miss Butterworth and Mrs Jas. Donohoe, Mr Burnett, Mr Park, Misses McKinnoy (3), Mr and Mrs Howitson, Mr and Mrs Lakeman, Mr and Mrs F. Johns, j un., Mr Terry, Mr Whitehead, Mr Chambers, Mr Crtmeron, Mr Potter, Mr Matthews, Mr Kornaghan, Mr Luke, Mr Melrose, Mr Portor, Rev. Jas and Mrs Macarthur, and Mrs Macarthur, sen. Prior to the luncheon, occasion was takon to prosent to the Bishops the various addresses of welcome. Tho first address was preseuted to His Lordship Bishop Barry, in which ho was warmly thanked for visiting this distant part of his primacy, and ear nest hopes wero expressed that his groat ability and zeal would assist in making tho Anglican peoplo moro in earnest. Bishop Barry in replying made a most eloquent speech, in tho courso of which he gonerally admonished the people to attend to the duties of the Church. Tho Reverend Mesac Thomas, Bishop of Goulburn, was also presented with an address, in which it was particularly pointed out that ho was tho Christian pionoer of tho South Wost portion of Now South Walos. Tho clorgy and laity in parting with htm on this, his last official visit, desired to say that they would never forget the work he had done, and thoy felt assured that ho would always watch the progress of the new Soo of Ilivorina with fatherly interest. Thoy sincoroly hopod that he would long bo spared to seo the success of his work. Tho Bishop in a most feeling speech responded. When adverting to tho kind manner in which Mrs Thomas, the companion of his journevs in tho rough days of tho pa«t, had been mentioned, the vonerable bishop was quite affected. Tho following address was prosimted to the Bishop of Rivorina by tho Rev James Macarthur, incumbent of the parish of Hay : — To tho Right Itevorond Sydney Liutou, D.D.. Lord Bishop of Riverina. We tho undorsignod Clorgy nnd Laity o! tho Diocoso of Rivorina feel and desiro to express tho dcepost gratitude to Almighty God for His great goodnoss in conducting you, Mrs Linton, and your family in safety to tho shores of Australia; also for tho protection which He has vouchsafed to you dur ing tho long and fatiguing journeys which yon havo under gone since you arrived in this country. And now that tho privilege is accorded to us of mooting you face to faco in tho contro of your own dioceso, our feelings of joy and satis faction aro almost too deop for uttoranco. 'Wlion wo wero informed some time ago that a now See had been formed out of sections of tho dioceses of Goulburn and Bathurst, mninly through tho munificenco of the Ilonorablo John Cnrapboll, M.L.U., wo naturally becamo at once deeply interested in and anxious about tho professional character and qualitica tious of tho clcrgyrannwho should be solocted to act as our overseer in holy things, and whon it was at longth an nounced that a clergyman having such a reputation for min isterial oflicioncy, godliness, aud zeal as your Lordship, had been choaon for tho Soo, we folt persuaded that tho greatest caro had boen takon, and tho utmost wisdom manifested in tho appointment o! a Bishop to tho diocoso ofitivorina. Tho administration of tho diocoso of which your Lordship has boon this day put iu formal possession, which wo aro satis fied will bo of tho most olliciout charncter, will ontailon you much moutal anxioty, and no little physical labor. 'Wo say advisedly mental anxiety bocause of tho peculiar naturo of tho district of whioh you havo spiritual oversight, charac terised as it is by a paucity of population altogether dia proportionate to its geographical oxtout, tending thereby in a measure to discoucort your Lordship in tho formation of tho plans which you may wish to adopt for tho gonoral and I united good of tho diooeso. And wo also say, advisedly, I physical labor, bocauso long and toilsome journeys must bo I undorgonobyyouintho working and carrying out of tho ! plans which you may devise for tho furtherance of the spiritual interests of Riverina. But whilo we, and especi ally tho clerical section of thoso who now address and con gratulate your Lordship, oxpross our cordial sympathy with you in tho arduous work which lios beforo you, knowing as wo do by bittor exporionco tho many disoourngomonts which surround and bosot tho ministerial offico in Riverina, wo would rospoctfully ask you not to bo dishoartenod, but to bo 'strong and of a good courngo,' to foel that you will bo sup ported not only bv that Divino strength which has been of unspeaknblo service to you in tho past as a minister of the Gospel, but by not a fow Christian peoplo throughout your diocoao who wo lirmly boliovo aro now praying forvoutly that through your instrumentality thoy thomselvos may bo on oouraged, and their spirltuallifo invigorated, and that many souls which aro now dark and ignorant may ho brought to tho light and knowlodgo of tho truth. And at tho risk of wearying your Lordship with our congratulatory addross wo cannot refrain from performing an act of common Justice to ono who in all respoots is worthy of honor and praise, and from informing you that tho work whioh is in Btore for you will bo greatly loss oppressive in con6oquonco of tho self denying labors of tho piouoor bishop of thoso almost inter minablo plains, tho Bishop of Goulburn. Ho has explored evor rood of ground, and has visited overy village and town ship ovor and over again of tho country which now consti tutes tho Seo of Riverina, and that too under disadvantages and hardships which aro almost romantio in their charnctor i and surroundings, and whioh no man iu whom tho attributes of physical courago ond spiritual zeal wero awanting would havo ventured to encounter. Your Lordship will iu a moa sure ontor into his labors and find that a forerunner lias to a j largo extont u proparod tho way boforo you.' This consldor- | atlon cannot fail to iusplro your Lordship with hopo and courago in tho prospect of tho work on whioh you havo this day ontored. We fool sure that your Lordship will not think the loss of tho hearty and cordial wolcomo whioh wo give yon to-day, whon wo soy that our joy In sooingyou is mingled with sadness at tho thought of parting officially with and bidding farowoll to ono who has up to tho present timo so ofliclontly and so affootiouatoly administered tho diocoso of Goulburn. In conclusion wo earnestly pray that tho Moss ing of Almighty God may rest on your Lordship in all its fulhioss, and that you may bo long spared in health aud strength to carry on vigorously tho work of this largo and importaut diooeso. It is also our oarucst prayer that Mrs Linton and your family may bo iu a moasuro favorably im pressed with Riverina whon thoy roach it, a country in mauy respoots very dlfforont from and inforlor to the dear old land which thoy have left behind, thoir momorios of which must still bo so fresh and alfootiouate ; and that by their enjoy mont of good health, combiuod with tho formation by thorn of new acqualntauceships amongst a peoplo who will do tho utmost iu thoir powor to make thorn happy, thoy may learn to rogard tho land o! their adoption as not unworthy to bo cullou a homo. — Wo bog to subscribe ourselves, &o.;, &o.; Aftor the usual loyal toasts - His Honor Judgo Forbes proposed tho toast of the Church of England, couplodwith tho namoof Bishop Barry. In tho courso of his addross Judgo Forbos said that tho St&te; did not recogniso religious edu cation. Bishop Barry drosv the attention of tho learned Judgo to tho fact that tho law gave pastors tho right to teach religion in the public schools. Referring to tho work which had to bo done here ho said it was not of a romantic kind, but work of a different char actor, necessitating constant work. Mr Macfarland proposed tho health of tho Bishop of Goulburn, andcailod up humorous rominisconsos of his former visits. Tho Bishop responded in a fooling spooch. Mr Mair, of Groongal, proposed tho Diocoan of Rivorina. Ho gavo somo amusing incidents of tho past timo. MrMairspoko feolingly- of tho difficul ties that tho pioneers had to contend against. Mr Witcombe proposed the success of St. Paul's Church. Ho roforrod eulogistically to tho fact that tho Rovorond Mr Macarthur camo horo. to faco a de ficit of £1000; wiped it out, and workod up tho con gregation, and had in hand £200 towards a now church. : Mr Macarthur in a foeling speech rospondod, deny ing that he should be lookod upon as the person to whom all credit was duo. . Mr Lakeman proposed tho health of tho Hon. C. Campbell, Chancellor of tho Diooose. Ho took occasion to obsorvo that it would bo well if somo of the wealthy donors would romembor tho poorer clorgy. Mr Campboll, who was rocoivod with choors, said that his father had loft £500 towards tho objects mentioned by Mr Lakeman. Ho remembered tho timo when thero was no bishop in this colony. ; Air Pitcairn proposod tho toast of tho Ladies. ' Dx Harvoy, in responding, said that if tho bishop would only say that ho would rosido horo, a houso would bo built within twolvo months to any plan he might chooso. Dr. Linton did not reply to this. Other toants wero proposod and duly responded to. On Thursday morning tho Bishops, and party, loft Hay for Doniliquin. At tho Piue Ridgo they wero to bo met bjr Mr Heath, of Cobran, wh- will carry them on to their destination. 