"OLD ROACH" AND HIS ADOPTED DAUGHTER. BY HARRY J. CONGREVE. CHAPTER VIII.— (Continued.) " D'ye mean for to say you've not heard tell of the diggings ? Well, that is a lark," said the stranger. " Well, tell us now," said Harry. " Not hearn of the diggings ? Oh, my ! Why all the Burra is going mad about them. First came news that good gold was found at Louisa Creek on the Sydney side, and then that they had found gold again in Port Phillip at Mount— I forget the name— ah ! Alexander. Lashings of gold, picking t up in bucketfuls." "Do you mean to say they have found gold in Port Phillip?" said Harry. "Yes, I do. Leastways everybody says so, and my mate Tom (he's a married man) had a letter from an old mate telling him to come, and as he couldn't just yet, he got me to start, and means to come after ; but blow the diggings, I say. I'm going back. It's too much starvation for me." " Look here, mate," said Harry, "I shant stay here any longer, I mean to be off for the diggings. My times up. If you like to take my billet I'll give you my dog. He's a rattling sheep dog, and worth three pounds." " Is it hard work ?" said the stranger. "Look here," said Bill, who had hitherto said nothing though he had been listening intently. " Look here, if you want a real snug billet where you can make money while enjoying your- self this is the one. You can lie down and sleep in the sun all day, if you like, while your sheep feed. It is a fine game, I can tell you." "D'ye yer say so? Then I'm on. What's the screw ? I'd go almost for half nothing." "You get twelve shillings a week and full rations, besides half a pound of tobacco for every wild dog's tail you take to the home station," said Harry. "Oh, crikey, that's fine. I'm your man. When shall I go on ?" " Tom will take the sheep to-morrow, and you and I will go in to the home- stead and get the matter settled." "All right." Bill now joined in and the talk about the diggings became general. They talked far into the night, and Harry and Bill made it up to go to- gether as mates to the Mount Alexan- der diggings. They then retired to sleep, but their sleep was not dreamless, for as they tossed about on their sheep- skins " nuggets " and "gold dust" and "pockets of gold " were muttered by each, except by the new comer who slept as calmly and passively as a child. The next morning Harry and Dick (the new comer) started for the home- stead, and fortunately finding the super- intendent at home their business was satisfactorily settled. Harry got his cheque for wages due, and Dick was put on as shepherd in his place. They then returned to the station, and Harry employed himself for the remainder of the day in baking a damper to carry with him, and in gathering together all his belongings. Bill, too, was not idle. He proceeded to renew his wardrobe. He was not destitute of money, as he had still some pounds left out of the hundred that he had received from Sweeny. With this money he proceeded to the home station and purchased a complete fitout, moleskin trousers, check shirt, boots, and a pilot jacket, and wh.n arranged in these presented quite a contrast to his previous appearance. He also became the possessor by pur- chase of a 'possum rug and pair of blankets, and was thus well qualified to cope with the various exigencies of bush travelling. On the following morning they started. Tom, the hut keeper, calling after them to leave some of the gold as he intended to follow them as soon as his time would be up, which would be in the following month. They had a long tramp before them, but they were both tolerable bushmen and good walkers, and as long as the weather kept fine they even enjoyed the tramp. They carried their rations with them — meat and flour, and tea and sugar— for there were but few stations to call at, and at these they were sup- posed to purchase what they required. By and bye, however, their travelling was not so pleasant, for the rain com- menced, and day after day they had to tramp along, their swags rendered doubly heavy from the soaking they re- ceived. At night, too, when their day's journey was over, tired and wearied and wet through, they would have some diffi- culty in lighting their fire. Then they would have to build some sort of shelter from the weather of strips of bark and boughs, and after boiling their quart pots they would retire to rest covered with their blanket, which were as wet as if they had been soaking all day. In addition to this the floods came down the river and extended over the flats, and they often had to traverse a distance of thirty miles in what might have been accomplished in ten had the season been propitious. Thus they plodded on day after day both getting secretly sick of their project, until at last they camped within a day's journey of Mirra-Warra station, formerly belonging to " Old Roach," but now the property of Mr Gray. CHAPTER IX. WIRRA-WARRA — THE GHOSTS — BILL'S RESOLVE. Harry and Bill were camped about eighteen miles from Mirra-Warra, the station owned by Mr. Gray. The day had been a very miserable one, rain, rain, nothing but rain. They had plodded on, dragging one weary foot after the other with scarcely a word interchanged. When they wished to vary the monotony with a smoke their numbed fingers could scarcely hold the flint and steel to procure a light Both were thoroughly disgusted with the weather, the diggings, and everything around. Towards camping time, how- ever, the weather showed signs of clear- ing, and by the time they drew into camp the clouds had entirely cleared away, and the sun shone out meet gloriously. The raindrops on the trees glittered in the light, and the birds hitherto so long silent made the woods re-echo with their joyous notes. The hearts of the two weary travellers rose with the improved state of the weather, and they selected their camp on a little knoll in a 'lignum flat on which grew several gigantic gum trees. " We shan't want a covering over- head to-night," said Bill, "and that's a comfort, I never had such a miserable tramp in all my life. Tramp, tramp, slush, slush, all day long, while the rain has been splash, splash, down a fellow's' back all the time, and the blankets — look how the water runs as I wring them." " It has been terribly bad weather," said Harry, "and enough to sicken anyone but I think we are going to have it fine now, that's a comfort. We'll make up a rousing fire and dry everything before we turn in and have a comfortable night's rest." " I shouldn't wonder if we have the floods down the river again after this. The rain has come from the east." While they were thus talking they had not been idle, but had been busily engaged in making a "break-wind," lighting a huge fire and hanging their bedding and apparel so that it might dry quickly. When everything was done, and their quart pots of tea made they sat down on a log and partook of their supper of damper and mutton, after which, lighting their pipes, they discussed the prospects before them. (To be continued.) 