THE TORYISM OF TO-MORROW. t a AN- INTERVIEW . WITH LORD RAN- wi DOLPH CHURCHILL. [From the PaK Mall Gazette. I d On hearing of Lord. Randolph Churchill's i intention to leave England for some months' holiday, we sent one of our representatives to w wait upon him with the objegjt of- r putting the dPaLmbfcP country in Do&session; of his views on: the present and "his hopes for the future.- The: following is a report of the conversation that took place oh the occasion :— V --• • " I am jgoing to India," said Lord Randelpn Churchill, " because" I hate the cold weather, and the political ground is perfectly clear for a holiday, and I am very tired of work. The reform question will be practically settled and done with by the end of this year, and next session the Government will merely be. living on sufferance until the boundaries are readjusted and registers are .ready -for a general election." , ** Then you do not agree with Mr. Money, . who has no great faith in the proposals working to the end that is hoped." "Decidedly riot'," replied Lord Randolph, " both parties-are pledged too deeply to A allow the negotiations to faiL , What the arrangement is •to be is more than I can tell you, for. I am not arranging' it ; but I b can tell you .roughly what the scheme is .-that _ I should like to see. Hie two essentials are that urbau~ and rural disttictsahould be .separated, and that .representation should be based on population. There is ho difficulty about the application of these- two principles whatever. I have seen,a scheme drawn up by a young Conservative^ which takes 63,000 as the number entitled to a member, and find the sum work out as easily as possible. The whole, couutry is mapped out in single member constituencies, each with a population of 53,000. Purely agricultural boroughs beneath 10,000 should, be merged in the counties; small boroughs which are really urban should be grouped., The -scheme I have 1 ; told yon ofshows -how this cab be done. ^all over the country without any'of those geographical diffi-. culties with which Mr. Bright' tried to frighten" the Eighty Cliib." Our representative here asked whether' Lord Randolph would apply his principles with equal rigour in "the case "of counties-and of - London. Yes, certainlv," was the answer. " London should have" its full quota of seventy members;, ojr^whafever it might be. Why not ? There is no objection to ft. On the contrary, there is the strongestpossible reaion in favour of giving London its utmost due; for that is the only way of redressing the balance .between the, north and the south. As for the centrifugal theory, who would ever; have timd^it of it, and who' will fever be found tolifelteve in it" except Mi. Gladstone ? I am forgiving town and conntry each its due, neither more nor less. Certainly I have no desire to rob -London or any other towns to pay the counties more than thfelr due, for i do not belieye" that the ag^ultural labourers .-will vote Tory. On the eohtr^rvj if as I* hope and. believe the farmers «,ybte: Tory their: labourers, you may be sure, will vote Liberal. And besides, the Church of Eagland, which is a great political force on the Tory side, is not nearly so strong in the counties as in the towns—all the best "energy • of the Church is spent nowadays in the towns. To the counties, then, I should cer- tainly not be tempted to give more than their due. They should be split up into single-membered divisions, just as large boroughg into single- membered wards. Singlemembered constituencies are the soul of the whole concern; they afford the only working system of minority representation. _ As for the old two-membered county constituencies they are limply a survival from the days -before railways," when^ the two members were wanted to protect each other ' from robbers by day ana ghosts by night.' There is nothing whatever to be said for them any longer." Nothing, our representative admitted, except that, as Mr. Bright would say, they" are " on the old lines." - " The old lines," Lord Randolph replied, " simply mean the old Whig dodges. The Whigs are playing just the same, game now that they played in 1867, and "they.ought to be met in the same way that they were then. They went on.prating about six-potmders and seven-pounders, and so on, till Lord Beaconsfield went down to the firm ground of principle in household Bufirage. And'that is •what will have to be done now—we must go down to the principle of jpopnlatioh. The 'fancy 1 scheme in the Standard, even'if it had survived my examination of it at Birmingham, would.-never by any. 1 possibility nave passed the House of Commons— if only for this reason, that it raised an' infinity of "debateable details. Sill less would it afford '-any^basis' forfan agreement •between the two parties^ now. Buj if you go on tlie "btusis of population there Hs much less room for dispute, and that is why some such scheme as I have sketched out to you will have to be adopted." Our representative, as a good Radical, only hoped that it would be. " Well, if the Radicals like it so much the better. All I can say is that i regard the arrangement of the reform question .as infinitely good for the Tories and infinitely bad for the Liberals. Why,. the! whole - sting will have been taken out of the«gita.tion against the Lords, and there will be quite as much credit on our side as on the other from the reform business. This being so, I see no reason whatever why we should not win the next election." Our representative here ventured to suggest that even an easy victory required a body of fighters, and .that " our only general" on the Tory side was retiring to India. "But," rejoined Lord Randolph, " we do not need to show any fight just now; our strength is to sit still. A Government that is in on sufferance never has a, good time: it has no opportunity of.accomplishing anything, but only opportunities of being harassed. And Mr. Gladstone's Government will have a ghastly array of questions to face next year before it dies—Ireland, Egypt, South Africa, and, ghastliest of all, a bankrupt Budget. ' Mr. Gladstone is a host in himself.' No doubt; but are you quite sure that you will have Mr. Gladstone to fight the next election for you ? Are you certain that he will not do, as he has so' often hinted, and retire from public life as soon as he has seen the Reform Bills through? And if you have no Mr. Gladstone, but all Mr. Gladstone's post-obits, how do you think you will fare at the polls ?" Our representative gladly admitted the probability of a Conservative victory for the sake of learning from Lord Randolph Churchhill "what wifi he do with it?". "That depends entirely on the composition of the Conservative Cabinet; and I can only speak for myself of what I should like to see. Even so you will hardly expect me to unfold a complete programme tor you; but let me ask you whether you have considered how many of Mr. Gladstone's subjects in that celebrated article of his in the Nineteenth Century have never been touched at all, and what Tory Democracy might do with them. There is the reform of local government, for instance. I would approach that question just as I have approached Parliamentary reform. I would have none of the Whig dodges, with their half-and-half dilutions of the representative system, and their indirect voting, but I should"like to BOB frankly elective and democratic local bodies. I do not believe the country gentlemen would really lose so much influence thereby as is supposed; they can always servaas elective, guardians, for instance, now when they ; choose, and they, would win at least their fair share of representation if all such bodies were purely elective. licensing is a -very difficult question ; but I agree with you-that if we once had County Boards such asl have described, it would practically be impossible to keep licensing out of their hands. But I do not say that the licensing would be well done. The unpaid Magistracy, however, I should maintain, principally as a matter of economy. Then, there is the housing of the working classes: no question is more important than that, and I believe the Tory party will be. capable of dealirg with it in a very large way. We are not hampered with any blind devotion to imaginary dictates of political economy, as the Whigs are, and we should not shrink from a large investment of public money and a large amount of State intervention for the benefit of the masses of the people." The obvious reflection suggested itBelf that all this would want money. "Decidedly it would, "and you must be prepared before many years are over—especially if the PaU MaU Gazette has its way about the navy—to see the expenditure of the country up to £100,000,000. That is a serious outlook, but we Tories have a great card in reserve in the fair-trade movement. I am not at all disheartened by the -Hackney election, for I recognise quite clearly that it will require a good deal of time to bring the boroughs round to 'fair trade or a tax on corn. When the truth comes to be known—hear, for instance, what Sir John MacdOnald has to say of the actual working of the thing in Canada—1 am not at all sure that fair trade will continue to be regarded as so much o 1 an economical fallacy. But I look on these things, and have always done so, solely from the point of view of revenue. Now what can be more flagrantly immoral than Mr. Gladstone's new addition to the income tax—restricting the area of taxation at the very moment when he is about to enormously enlarge the area of representation. But even Mr. Gladstone could not go on adding to the income tax for ever, and for new expenditure you must go to new sources of revenue. No one need think of putting a tax on corn and a duty on imported manufactures just by themselves ; fair trade would be part of a general revision of the tariff in the interests of the revenue. What, for instance, if we greatly reduced the duty on tobacco and on ea ? That and things like that would cover multitude of new duties. The reductions onld be immensely popular with the work-' ng classes, and would, moreover, I do not oubt, bring in an increase of revenue tself/' "In fact," said our representative, "you ould proceed all along' the. line of omestic:, policy - in the same direction_ asrince.' Bismarck, with State • Socialismnd Customs .revenue ?" "Precisely," said ord-Randolph, "and does not.Prince Bisarck know 'what- he is about 1 He is the iggest-man in the - world." "And as to oreign and colonial affairs ?" '" Well," I need nlvsmake one remark, and that is that the all 1 -JHall Gazette is doing an excellent service by keeping the question of the Empire above the region of party politics. Thisis most important in the matter of the coloniefe,' although all the present talk, bytherway; about "Imperial federation is mere moonshine. The scheme is altogether pre-, mature, and it is the greatest mistake in the world to suppose that the fussy self-constituted representatives of the ^colonies here really -represent public opinion out there. s to the navy, if all the Pall Mall Gazette says is true, then nothing short of an immediate expenditure on an adequate scale-can e thought of. I am bound to say that all I have heard entirely bears out ' the truth about the navy,' and I shall be much sur-.. prised if the debate in the House of Commons doesf not conclusively make' iu the same direction. The Conservative'front bench is every bit as much to blame is the; Liberal; they have been in a conspiracy of. ignorance and optimism together. Still, there is less to hope for nOw from the Liberals of the two. The present Government is bankrupt, and will notdare to spend as largely as is necessary.- Even worse than nothing would be a wretfched million or two, which would do no good but" an infinity of harm -in .-hanging the whole question up. For my own part, if -•The Truth about the Navy 1 be admitted, then & large expenditure spread over a 'number of years should be incurred ; and I should not "hesitate for a moment about it, for . I "Believe it would be as popular as it would be patriotic. The one other thing needful about the navy is to rout out the Admiralty; there is neither rhyihe nor reason in the present arrangements, which are simply an ingenious device_for sending responsibility round and round in a vicious circle." " ' One other question our representative ventured "to put before leaving, "What about Ireland? Is there a lesson to be learned from: Bb$artik there also?" " If a larger, expenditureTof money .bv the State on public .worksife iRhm&rcki;&ai;, yes.. That would b? an immediate and an enormous measure of pacification... And alongside of that it is of riinary importance to reform the Castle. f t is a nest- of political corraption—of more kinds tbiui:---one; and when next the Pall Midi Gazette wants a new sensation it icould jiot do a better public service than by telling The :-Truth about Dublin Castle.'; Let 'mtJ fay ft is ~ uf conclusion. You have said that the schemes I have been talking to you about-sound as if they were learned in the school of Bismarck. Well, when Prince Hismarck first propounded his domestic policy everybody said it was absurd, and the English newspapers in particular- conspired to ridicule it. Yet Prince Bismarck; seems to be getting on pretty well, don't you think? —and -there is universal suffrage, remember, in Germany." 