ECUOE.S OF MELBOURNE. (Br TIcE GIOsT.) The frequency of Cabinet meetings, and the number of deputations that daily haunt the Ministerial ollices, are the certain signs by which the fast anproaching meooting of Parliament may be known. Scarcely a morning passes without the Governcment meeting in solemn conclave, the ostensible object of their assembling being" to prepare the measures to be submitted during, the coming session," but if the truth must be told, their real purpose being to devise the best means of " how not to do it." The bill remodelling the constituencies has been whittled' down, and when submitted will be found anything but comprehensive in its character. Only a few of the electorates will be dealt with, the remain der, in order to offend as few of the seat holders as. possible, being left severely alone, the only measures to which the Government willlend its imtprinatur being those dealing with the questions of water supply, the mallce leases, electoral reform in a modified degree, and the rabbits, who having no votes are to be dealt with in a most severe manner. The Local Option Bill will no doubt figure as one of the dishes of the political smenu to be set before the people's representatives, but it is settled. that this is, among others, to be looked upon, from a Ministerial point of view, as an " open" question. Indeed most of the promised or foreshadowed law making of tihe coming session-for no pro mises have yet been made-will berather of a "go-as-you-please" kind. These will be, during this last session of a moribund Parliament, a great deal of talk, and very little Work. Honourable members with the ordeal of February next looming in the not far distance will look at all matters submitted to them from the standpoint of future eventualities rather than from that of present requirements, Their remarks will chiefly be directed " over the heads of Parliament," as Mr. C. G. Duffy once phrased it to the constituencies beyond, and as a consequence there will be great cry and little wool, and a vast deal of " talk ing to Buncombe." When the Houses ad journ at Christmas time, it is safe to pre dict that the hap'orth of bread, in the shape. of laws placed on the Victorian Statute Book, will be found very small in deed when compared with the quantity of sack, in the shape of words,by which it has been accompanied. The recent land scramble has not ex hibited'the chosen representatives of the people in a very becoming light. It has always been known that our Victorian "patriots" were strong believers in the injunction affirming the desirableness of securing " the greatestgood for the great est number," and that the said number was in their estimation invariably " num ber one." But as a rule the fierce light of publicity has not been let in on their doings. Ministers of the Crown and "'honourable" members may, in times past, have stuffed the Government service with their sons, fathers-in-law, sons-in- law, and even " their sisters and their cousins and their aunts." They may even have placed young ladies of doubtful character, or no character at all, in the Pos-ofilce and Telegraph department; but then this was all done sub rosa, and the scandals only occasionally leaked out. But things are changed now, and our legislators no longer seek to avail themselves of " the shady side of political byways." Hence last wekl: the bold attempt of a number of the people's representatives to elbow " the people" off the land and secure it for themselves. True, the land was exception ally valuable-worth some ten pounds an acre-and a selection of 320 acres meant therefore .£3200 in the pocket of the fortu nate applicant. The Minister of Mines, Mr. J. F. Levien; Mr. it. Richardson, an ex-Minister of Lands; Mr. Cooper, Chair man of Committees of the Assembly; and Mr. R. Baker, the representative of the Wiuimera district, were all afflicted with earth-hunger; and although when, Mr. Levien found that the applications were in excess of the allotments to be distri buted he withdrew his claim, Messrs. Richardson and his legislative ' confreres wrangled over the selections in a fashion highly' suggestive of a lot of half-starved curs fighting for the possession of a bone. Apparently Mr. Richardson's appetite for the good things the State has at its dis posal is unsatiablo. During the polite interchange of civilities that took place among the applicants, it transpired that the senior member for Creswick has three of his progeny in the Education depart ment, besides a legion of his relations dis tributed in snug Government billets all over the .colony. Yet the honourable member is fond. of posing as the purest of the Assembly, and seldom rises in his place in the Assembly without pointing the finger of scorn at some of his neigh bours, who should have no cakes and ale, because of his intense virtue. And of such is the Assembly of Victoria I The large, enthusiastic, and influential gathering that met in tihe Melbourne Town Hall has wisely decided that a statue is the most fitting form in which their tri bute of admiration for the great and gal lant Gordon can be shown. It is a matter for sincere rejoicing that this determina tion has been arrived at. A building in which, to hold the ';'try excelsior" classes would no doubt,., had 'the hero been able to decide the matter himself, have been the form in which he would have desired to see his name perpetuated. But its erec tion in hishonour would have been as out of joint with the eternal fitness of things as would have been the construction, say, of a model prison to perpetuate. the name of the philanthropic Howard. For publishing what in the estimation of "twelve good men and true " was a ma licious libel, the Daily Telegraph has been adjudged to pay Mr. Walker, one of the New Guinea explorers, .£100 and the costs of the trial. In all the proprietors will have to pay some four or five hundrdd pounds for a leading article which Mr. Purves, the leading counsel for the de fondant newspaper, appraised as worth thirty shillings I The reverend editor has proved an expensive luxury to hissaintly employers. Let it be hoped Mr. Fitehett has learnt wisdom from "the trial," and discovered that there are dangers in the wide area of journalistic literature not to he found in the narrow fields of polemical discussion. Ne mtdor ultra erapidam, the reverend gentleman who writes B.A. after his pat roenymic has doubtless heard of ero this, and it would be well therefore if in future, in tlce interests of the D.T. proprietary, the gentleman who "bosses" the concern would confine himself to looking after the New Educational Establishment for Young Ladies, over whichhe presides, and eschew the perils of the l'ress for tle safer shelter of the pulpit. Indeccd, if the avercment in tile prospectus of the VWesleyan Ladies' College, that it is' within two minutes distance of the Hawthorn Sthtion, be true, the young ladies must be "a very fast lot." To cover the distance in the stated time they will have to beat Atalanta's best record ; and, as is well known, she was the " fastest" young damsel of her day. And apropos of newspapers, it is worth recording that during the week there has been -a death and a birth in the journal' istic world. The evening paper, the World, breathed its last on Saturday, only, how ever, to shake off its grave clothes and appear in a new dress on the Monday. Reasons upon which it is needless to dilate .are said to have occasioned this somewhat extraordinary death and resur rection, which has, however, nothing of the miraculoussnbout it. Another evening journal is also shortly to make its appear ance in Melbourne. Really this is enough to make one believe that there are at the present time living in Victoria people who have never heard of the proverb which avers that "fools and their money are soon parted," or at all events who pay no heed to the trite saying. The working miners of Victoria appoea desirous of imitating the example of Oliver Twist and"asking for more." They have achieved the boon of eight hours as a day's work, and now they want this time still further reduced. The half-hour during. which they cease work while on shift they wish to have reckoned in their "time below." If "crib," as it is technically called, is reckoned as work, the a miner's hours of labour will be reduced to seven and a half. While the mining industry is in the depressed condition it is, the em ployers are hardly likely to voluntarily grant the concession, and the miners are decidedly unwise in demanding it. "Crib bing" is already, unfortunately, too much associated with mining enterprise in the minds of shareholders to render its exten sion agreeable to investors. A sympathetic jury of his countrymen has found that Dr. L. L. Smith has been libelled by the assertion of a theatrical manager that the Jubilee Exhibition inMel bourne, of which the ci-decant Postmaster General was one of the promoters, was being " run"in the interests of that gentle man; but taking into consideration the fact that on frequent occasions since the in stitution of the action for damages the slanderer and the slandered have "liquored up" together, has assessed the damages at one farthing. Had the jovial manufacturer of creme de lousy not been a man of sporting proclivities, and often seen a couple of prize fighters shake hands before proceeding to pound each other out of all semblance of humanity, in all proba bility he would have refrained from " shouting" for Mr. Musgrove, who in court remembered drinking with the doctor, but forgot he had pledged himself to say nothing about it, and by this convenient slip of memory let the jury see that Mr. Smith only required a public vindication of his character and cared little' for pecu niary gain. The episode points its own moral, and one which the recipient of the damages will do well to lay to heart. Never trust an opponent with a secret he can use against you, and if you must ask him to have a drink give him a dose of poison if you can. If you can't; make him swallow a "long colonial beer." June 4. 