£5ftetcbci*? Our Carnival Racecourse. ' (Concluded.) us aROSjnson nu^inn. Woll, an I have etiid thohHl, ns it now Bincda,is the .bent site oil tho ground; Stai?l iug upon ita elopo, llio eye eatches uvtry loot of tho course. And ns I observe this, I dig- oever that a'now'training ground, ono jni'n round, has been recently reude within the circle of the course. Jonathan, tho worthy vanger, tolls mc tknt, it ia tho soundest training ground on tho wholotlircp hundred and twctil >? nercB,audtlifttil:iw built on nine inches of iron stono rook ar.il nino more of loam, fiend, and tan, in tho mont Approved fnahion. l'ondci , , ns ho pointa out —nwny to the l?It, nro fho Eandtraclr,onennd?hiiHniileP,thoonemiletftn, and tho ono milo oiudera. I urn told with n certain pride, that tfio rolling and hnrrowing, and such like work in connrntion with them traclif, involve an annual labour covering iv diotnnce of 7COO milc<>...ln summer the traeV-s aro regularly watered every day. ?"\Vo descend from tho Ilil! and enter lite passage which ?ea<s? !o tlio f;rand-i<tand nad the lawn. Horn, ehortly, will bo built a covered wnj , , through which the salt of society will pass, unncen and uncriticised by the baser cley. ><ot that this is the eepeeinl object of 1 tho iinprovcincut, which indeed ia projeotal I for tho piu'poso of Btill further increasing the resources and area of the Hill. Jonathan, big in the yrido oihin ofiioo, pi'o- -j duceo hia koya with that nir of responsibility which might attach to an oki limo butler, on bo Irada the way to en inspection of the glories of tbo cellar. A;id now we perceive tho lull development of b frehomo, whioh has been n:adc in tho interests of that other class of the publics, the members of which, ro to nay, travel with first-class tickets in the trains of amusement- ntrnca times. This is the swell's region, ami proper recognition of its superior requirements ia evident on all sides. l'itice aux daw.*. Let us euU'i", timidly and nervously, yet with that oegor curiosity with whioh innoecet bachelorhood regards overy thingooncee'-'rd with tho imlicH and their sur roundings. This i<ono of the retiringroffrus. Nay, by tho mass 1 but I must laugh. Tho most prominent furniture, in this por?eou? apatlment oontueU o£ mirrors I Minora largo, mirrors Hrntill; mirrors which re Hoot tho face and. bust only, ay.d largo chevAl glasses, which give forth to the inquisitive tr.ir tho refles of tho whole of tho glories of her form nud oos tunia. Here, no question, tho dainty maids and matrons who bloom on tho liiwn during Cup week, /and whose j/ny and brilliant nttiro rival Mr. }[ooro's mantling blossamaof iimny colo red hues—hern, I flay, within tht?n rooms (for there aro two, each MO foot long) might bo seen and heard much bytlio philosopher (ware he invisible) which would improve hia knowledge of the feminine nature. What plesaure, gratified vanity, innocent triumph, mortified pride, delight, and diasatiffootion, have thc?O mirrors in turn reflected, and shall' agtin reflect 1 Hoy many a woman's heart has beaten high, or lowered itspul?C3,aa thean honest tell-tales,eot on. all sides, have given back a truthful answer to wistful or engor fmninino inquiry 1 I wonder whetberMr.MoorachuclcJes as he looks uround at this room. For rnyaelf, I own I burst <iut laughing. But not iilouo mirrors for the ladies. Everything the charmers need ia provided. Hero*and thore are hung " housewives," fiileil with neeuiei, m'ltei, cotton, pins, nnd tho thousand and one contrivances with wtiioh women "lis" themselves. Ii on awkward cavalier tread upon a liidy'ii train and rip its " leathers," all she has to do ia to repair to ono of theaii dainty apartments, whore she will find appliances for remedying the evil, and recovering her eorrwlacunoy by noting tho facial effect of bnd temper in a lookinjj glass. And if, haply, tlio sun may have burnt, with hie amorous glances, her fair oheelcs oi- delicato noso, hero shall she find oold cream, or violet powder, or toilette vinegar, or somo such dolimte preparation to rolioveboraweet visage : while she may aauuapo hor annoyance and relieve her foelinjia by tho application of the smelling salti provided by excellent Mr. Moore. By George I I think that, all things ooneidored, thai gentleman should bo tho best lauded man in Victoria, among tho ladies at any rate, during Oarnival week. Flower 3 aro, of oonr?c, distributed in every p.'irt of these spavtments, for their greater adornment. Cut llowera aro also prsvided ; bo that a lady needing iiome dr-lioata blossom to etill further enhance her charms, may find it to hor hand. Caecsof flowers for this pur pose aro brought from such districts as pro ducp them earlier than hereabouts. Kven Sydney contributes its contiugent of blossoms —among which tho Warratah itf ever promi nent. All this 'a gallant work; but it is no less policy. Whilo it gives pleasuro to the fiiir, it no less bring-! (jriat to tho mill. A cunning gentleman is Mr. Byron Moore. It Koems a conree matter, but really I think I am as much interested in tho next apnrt rnt-nt into whioh I am introduced. Wohnvo looked upon the purely orthotic and poatio features of a race meeting ; let us now inspect tho more natural attractions. Jlare, my friend, ia where King Appetite ie aasunyed. Observe that this is tho luncheon room, and consider what a spectacle it inuat present during race week. It ia silent and empty enough now, though one might fanoy ghosts of dopurtt>d repaller? flit about unseen, yet hungry; but in the course of a oouplo of months its lofty spaca shall eoho to tho pops cf champ- tgno corks, the crunch of teeth, the bustle, and laughter, and, truth to eny, vulgar hubbub and confusion of suoh a?aembliecf. Flowers' j R(;ain will bo soon in profusion. Why not ? Docs not ono enjoy such mattera the better, for dainty and rciining surroundings. If it bo pleaennt to the cy-3 to gnr.o upon a boned turkey or a raised pie, is not it the more so to let it rent awhilo upon tho sweetness and freshrjeag of bloom nnd blossom? Who does not appreciate the c-lioct of the dainty furni ture ol a dinner table? Who then shall not applaud the conjunction of such iotluences as mc afforded by tho presence.of sweet flowors. Nay, tho taste is classic, audbas the authority of the best traditions. Tho apartments arc all that they should bo. Pleasant ts be a Governor I should say—at racotimos anyway. At ether times, whon peetered by dull " statesmen " anil vulgar pretonoion, the post may realise tho axiom that " All that glitters ia not gold." It must indeed bu hard work sometiraeH, play ing Governor, nnd sooth to say must involve an extra employment. of that suave hypocrisy with which social illusions arc sup ported. Hut here, away from tho disabilities of his ofiico, he and hie Lidy wifo and brave youngsters and gallant suite, mu3thavo a high old time of it. I poop into the pantry whence tho good things aro served. Yes— there are times when I would be a Govoiuor. For truly we treat our Govornore , better in tho matter of feeding than fell to the lot of the honest ruler of Barataria, who got nothing to eat you will remember, but argument and promises. This is the Press room. Theso stairs lead to tho compartment whence tho recording angels tako note and notica of the races. Every convonionce is provided for theso worthy people In that division at tho end arc placed the tslegraphio operators. What a jump all this, from tho time whon tho first oourso in Australia was founded by the fifio gentlemen of Hie Majesty , * lOlet regiment of foot. Tho saddling paddock, or where the gentle men of the ring do congregate! to do their business or do. somebody clkq'd, is, as all the world knows, under the Hill, to the west of tho stand. Here too a variety of improve meats have been made, all' tending to tbo ?fivbjlitaiioh'bf the groat Carnival of tho yoar. tho judge'a st?nd, wherein tho arbiter of every cpniest places himself. By my fiiithl ?1 pften think that many n criminalhna heard, with.lcai! emotion, the fUtoi si judge o£ law, ; thari havo who have marked that tft -a jutlgu of a race. ' ':. The. cow hUma ovcrlnps tho oKI one, and is built up, on ?;i nrcr. of land scooped out of j the hill. The eru:-h and crowding, whioh of lnfn y.earti mutred tho pleauine of so intiny, >" now nvoided. Tho rush v;ill bo for thennw Ktnnfl, and vaoo to tho BwHtuet. The liulies,- wheso ro'.i.js nro r higher cotiHidemliovf than a hort'o rrtoe, mny therefore movo morn lei?iirely with their oacoils", nnd talto their places in tbo old stand, Tho foresight which led the .committee to ndopi thin plan goes to uliow again their rcnsibilitjr. to tho clniuia o! puWio convouience. But let us Rtl on, aorosa iko lawn, nnd en p*Bt the ivied walla nnd ;nuj?or'B yotUge. 1 obeoTVo that carpenters and painters are hard fit work,and learn that they nio tho employe-! 0! tUo ekib. All work, whether of ernfc, or fatal, or garuen, ia done by men opgaged on tbe c?l/\t?. The woik-rooiua of earppntere, blachainithp, painters, point to tbe ciraum- RlaucQ thnt there ie Giio?t?h to keep bueinoss brisk tho year round. The farm v/ork ia ex tensive, consisting ia burrowing, owting, )MOV7ii)R, and euoh ltko operntiorie. liny in grown for tho workinphorses, of whsoh there are eleven—eueh animals aa aro rarely ceen, save in a brewer's lorry, or ft horee show. I'at and luaty, tboy soerii to have' - a good time of it, with a nplendid stable in whioh to ptvss thrir lioura of eamj nn\i niunoli their sweet hay. By the way in which Jonathan poses hirneelf as wo regard eorao of those brave ureatiireH, I gfither tb?t he tnkes raro prido and Hatisfac tion in them. On pleaaaiit lines, truly, is caot tho lot of honest Jonathan. Ho libj been nsaooiated with the courso for moro than twonty yenrs, and may bo ('aid to ho part nnd parcel of tho institution. Hero is his cottago etnnding on a gontls slope, nnd ombossoraod iaflowere nnd eluubberice. From tho verandah I watch the coaching of tho youngstors on tho traoks. Tliero are sorao twenty of them, each, doubt le<i?, as much, a subject of anxiety nnd hope und fear io his trainer, aa bipods, on their en trnrioe into life concern their mothers and fntliore. Indeed, thcro is not a littlo which is al\ke, nnd runs parallel to—iho course of a child's life anil that of a colt or filly. Each trains for tha prizes of life, in some form or another, and a similar pioUirc is presented in either ofiee of the rarity of auoce.ta and the constancy of failure. A fow uotno to the front, and a few remain thcro—liko old Com motion—stoutly contending against all new comerfl. But what beoonie.i of tho rnok, whether human or equiiio ? Do they not pans into the oblivion of forgetfuiness ? Aro they not merged into Uio common lot, and labor out their Uvea in humblo shadow ? I ofron think thnt a Cup -winner ia iiko the beMe of a London season, or a sooiflty baauty, who rarely ehinea in the lirmament of fash ionable caprice or whim, more than once. And yet see how , eager tho womon "are to shine oven for this brief spaco! Perlmpa the motive may bs the speculation, ond the value of Doiorioty may bo turned to as happy account in tho easo of tho woman as in tho cn?o of the horec. Bat what is all this ? I note that Jona than is eyeing mo furtively, as I stand in his verandah thus reucoting; and I doubt not that to thinks the excellent whiskey to which we havo been treatosl in hia house has proved too much for my wealc brains. But 1 tell him I was thinking that had I the choice I would r.vthor livo in his oottngo than in Government llouso, in which, indeed, is sober trnth. At which l\ie faco relaxes, and though he onerrers nothing, ho looks the honest gratification my-poor compliment haa in spired. Jonathan's garden 13 a very Glory of Hoe- BOin.v. Particularly ntn I attracteaf by the native hoathp, which aro cultivated here. It is a popular delusion omong amateur gardeners, that the heath will not bear translation to artiju'ial treatment. " That" enysourcioorono, "is simply kecsuso they know nothing about tho matter"—an explanation I fancy, of the majority of popular delusions. Attached to tho cottage ia a small green house, where pot planta aro placed iv plenty. Sometimes, you see, in this oacontric climate, tho clerk of tho weathor plays sad pranks to wnrda tho end of Oatober. Tho wind nud rain combine to msrthocoui[>letouo!;y of tha floral decorations of lawn and nvenue. In that oiiso., tho remedy is at hand. Tho pot plants nr? buried iv tbe earth, nndtbeoyo isstitiiiued. There is Buroly something of onthusiaam in these fond precautions on tho part of Mr. Moore, to complete tho glory of the place, at Carnival time. Of tho ferneries, tho Ivied walls, the " har dening house," in wliich plants aro prepared for planting out; of the hetigoa of gazania and masses "of pittosporuni, of tho planta tions right and left, and the whole further details of this most pleunant spactr.ole, I speak no moro. Lot mo hopo that there will bo fow of my renders who will not judge for themselves in tho first week of November, nnd lhatof the thousanAa upon thousands who then crowd tho Hill and Lawn and Stand and Flat, thero will bo as few insonaiblo to the oircum ntanco that in converting tho publio portion of Flotnington racecourse into a specie. , ? of n great garden, much has been done to forward tho intercuts of tbo popular sport and clevato its character by its associations. Wo may be sure of this, that the Ichs horscracing is made purely a business for tho gambler, and the moro its bravo intluencea aro nsuooiatod with baauty and roliiiement and honest wholeaomo enjoyment, tho moro certainly will ito popu larity expand and grow. Yonder, on tho now track arc a dozen benutics tuking their fjiUleps. Ao our trap ascends tho gentlo sldjio of tho now members' road I watch them, and marvol not at the strong held tbo sport they ooufer upon us I should have upon society. Nor do I wonder either that people who delight in suoh sports should havo been, and should stilt bo distinguished above nil others, for their sturdy independence and robust manliness of cha racter. 