THE TRY EXCELSIOR CLASSES. DEMONSTRATION AT THE TOWN HALL. Last night a demonstration of the Try Exceslior classes which have been formed in the city and several suburbs for the benefit of neglected lads, took place in the Town-Hall. The hall was crowded, invitation being by ticket. About 1,500 boys belonging to the classes were on the platform and in the aisles. The Mayor of Melbourne (Coun- cillor Carter) took the chair, and His Excel lency the Governor, who was accompanied by Captain Traill, was received with a royal salute by the Try Excelsior Cadet Corps at the entrance to the hall. Mr. Service and Mr. Coppin M.L.A., were also among the guests. The classes which mustered were the City Club (350 members), North Fitzroy (600), South Melbourne (400), Richmond (150), and Too- rak (100). The classes are formed to amuse and instruct the lads and keep them out of bad company. These objects are so well appreciated the boys that the num- bers of members of the classes have quite outgrown their meeting places, and their desire is now to acquire premises which will be in keeping with the requirements and im- portance of the work of social improvement in which they are engaged. An appeal for aid is made on behalf of this worthy object, in support of which the boys themselves sub- scribe liberally. The Mayor, in his introductory remarks said that in opening what appeared to him to be correctly described as a "grand demon stration" of the Try Society, he might be ex pected to say something to show by whom the society had been originated, whence it derived its name, and what objects they sought to obtain. About five years ago, Mr. Groom, seeing the desirability of taking boys off their usual playground - the streets - opened a class at North Fitzroy with eight members, and called it the "Excelsior" class. Three years afterwards, Mr. Forster, un aware of Mr. Grooom's action, commenced a class at Toorak, designated the "Try" class, and it began with five members. Mr. Groom and Mr. Forster became aware of the similarity of their objects. They met and resolved to act together, but Mr. Forster's health failing it was decided that Mr Groom should undertake the care of both classes, and hence the origin of the name "Try Excelsior." The classes increased, and it became so evidently desirable to extend operations that the aid of the public was invited and 21 gentlemen subscribed £5 each to be paid to Mr Groom during six months. That period expired on 28th February last, and one of the objects of the present meeting was to afford those subscribers an opportunity of witnessing some of the results of the assist ance they afforded. At present there were five branches, numbering 1,404 boys on the roll with an average attendance of about 1,000. The increase during the six months referred to had been 878. The objects of these classes were to enable boys and lads under 18 years of age to provide themselves with rational amusements to teach them self-help, and to encourage them in mutual instruction. The amusements, simple and innocent as they might be, are not within the reach of some of those having homes, and are quite beyond the grasp of the homeless. That self- help had been realised was shown by the fact that the boys had paid all expenses except Mr. Groom's past six months gratuities, and have now a balance in hand of £92 16s. 31/2d. They appointed their own chairmen, trea surers, secretaries, and committees. They had formed a cadet corps, had swimming classes, and successfully held a three weeks encampment under canvas on the sea beach without accident. What was now wanted was more room. The boys required larger places to meet in, and they wanted help to buy or build them. He said "help" advisedly, because the boys desired to contribute sub stantially to the undertaking. He was glad to have been asked to preside, and on behalf of the citizens and himself he heartily tendered to Mr. Groom and to Mr. Forster sincere thanks for the unselfish generous efforts they had made to let light shine upon the darkness of many a young life, to let even the waifs and strays of humanity see that there is a bright side in nature, a silver lining to each cloud, and to teach them self-help, self-reliance, and self- respect, those three selves without which it seemed to him no one could be truly good or great. His Excellency, who was warmly re- ceived said:--Ladies and Gentlemen - When the object of the promoters of the Excelsior classes was fully explained to me it gave me very great pleasure to accede to the request that I should present the prizes to the suc- cessful pupils this evening, for this move- ment, I am sure commends itself to all of us. (Applause ) As the chairman has ex- plained, the object of the classes is to provide places where boys can meet together for instruction and innocent recreation in stead of having to meet in the streets for that purpose. One of the most valuable features of the movement is, I think, that it is conducted upon the system of self government, as the boys themselves elect their members of com- mittee. This teaches them the valuable lesson of self government, and they are kept in the straight course by the voice of their own public opinion. When we endeavour to look forward and speculate regarding the future of this great colony, we must I think try to ascertain what is the character of the youth that is growing up around us. When, for example, we look around upon the boys occupying the platform, we know that every one of them on attaining the age of 21 years will be called upon to exercise a voice in the government of this colony. A movement therefore of this kind that is intended to rescue boys from temptation, and to bring them to think and act as those should act who are to exercise the proud privilege of manhood suffrage, it is desirable that they should have more frequent opportunities of assembling together. (Loud applause) And I feel sure the public will respond to the present appeal made on behalf of the boys to build a hall, when it is learned what the boys themselves are doing to assist in carry- ing out the object in view. I understood during an interview with Mr. Forster the other day that the boys had raised or were about to raise, more than £100 to provide the necessary building. I am sure that the public will readily help them in raising the balance. A similar movement to the "Try Society," which was started some years ago in London by Mr Quinton Hogg met with wonderful success, and I believe the classes now number thousands instead of hundreds of members. (Loud applause.) The system of government there is the same as here in that the classes elect their own committees. But there is one difference, as the London classes have a body called, I think, the Central Council, which deals with questions of general interest to the members of the various classes. Now that federation is so highly approved of nowadays - and rightly so - perhaps the Victorian classes cannot do better than federate, and have a general council to deal with questions of interest in the movement. I shall always take a deep interest in this movement, and give it every support that I can. (Loud applause.) I hope the very promising cadet corps which received me on my arrival at the Town-hall this evening will increase in numbers, for I like to see a military spirit exist among the boys of the colonies. It imbues them with a principle of discipline which I think it is very desirable that all boys should have early in life (Prolonged applause). His Excellency then distributed the prizes. The various classes mustered in great force so that the organ seats and platform were crowded to their utmost holding ca- pacity. The entertainment provided by the boys under the direction of their friend and teacher Mr. W Groom, was of a very mixed kind, so that various talents were brought into prominent play. Two songs only were sung during the evening - one a solo, the other in unison by all the classes. Music was not put forward as a strong point in the programme, so that for the present we can do no more than recognise the goodwill shown by the lads in this branch of art, us in all else they undertook to do. They produced from amongst their number some young boys who evinced real aptitude for elocutionary dis- play. In this connexion the boy J. Warren, of the Fitzroy class must be named with cordial approval for his intelligent and highly sym- pathetic and well-voiced recital of "The Old Actor's Story." The audience would have been glad to have heard it over again if the encore could have been permitted. Short essays were read by the writers of them - a clownish farce was enacted with much youth- fui enthusiasm, which ended by the principal comedians being chased round the hall by a very material ghost in white drapery. Clog dancing was illustrated with neatness and good time-keeping, and the Fitzroy Cadet Corps took part with Mr Groom in the re- citation of the "Charge of the Light Brigaide.' It was throughout and in all re- spects a most entertaining performance, and most encouraging and hopeful to look upon. Mr. Forster, hon. general secretary, read the annual report which briefly reviewed the history and present position of the Try Excelsior classes, and described what they were doing to get a hall of their own. He made an appeal on behalf of neglected girls, who were subject to even greater temptations than the boys and who had quite as little attraction to remain in their cheerless homes in the evening. He commended the girls to the kind attention of philanthropic ladies in the hope that girls "Try Excelsior classes" would be formed by them in the ample field which was presented to their Christian charity. Votes of thanks, proposed and seconded by members of the classes were cordially passed to His Excellency the Governor the Mayor, the donors of funds, the press, and the audience. Mr. G. Coppin, in replying on behalf of the donors, referred to the good work which was being done by the classes to keep Pentridge from being filled by juvenile offeenders. In this case, perhaps, more than in any other, prevention was better than cure. The Rev. Dr. Macdonald responded on behalf of the audience, and look the opportu- nity of praising Mr. Groom for his earnest and unselfish efforts for the amelioration of a large section of the youth of the colony. A vote of thanks, proposed by the mayor, was passed to Messrs Forster and Groom, who were described by Mr. Carter as being public benefactors. 