f II €#SI&IBiI8;&. Bosh Rambles. By Waxdebbb. A brief stay in the ' Garden of New South 'Wales ' prompted a trip to the hitherto unexplored wonders of Wiseman's Ferry. The track, lay over the Maroota ridge and through a romantic and beautiful umbrageous eucalypt forest. Although the road is yet in its virgin state, being simply laid off and cleared, it is still so level that a buggy can be driven over it with ease. Here and there an open glade in the bush delights the eye of the traveller, ««- A II gf/wfl iihimTiare ' cc HiO nld tniTI 0'f fttl 1T1T1 OJJU bUC (9IA/UV VJI lll'HVJ MW * ? - — - ? is called, stands out in weird ghostliness, and suggests the thought of many a wild orgie, many a midnight revel, many a scene of crime, perhaps, as having been witnessed beneath the now roofless shelter of this lowly mountain inn. Those were wild days, no doubt, when Boniface stood at its doors to welcome the belated guest, or the traveller clanked his heeled boot within its now deserted halls, or the convict sought in its forest seclusion to Vanish from every judicial eye, or work out his period of enforced servitude. The telegraph once ran this way, and a solitary ' post ' still survives to tell the tale. The lands about here are all in the hands of the Crown ; not a vestige of a human habitation or abode is to seen for miles, and yet the soil is rich and loamy, and only awaits the brawny arms of the 6ettler to develope its ample resources, and to make this sylvan wilderness rejoice and blossom as the rose. It is admirably adapted for settlement, and will probably be rapidly bought up under the now ?workable provisions of the new Land Act, especially as it is being traversed by a good carnage road, ex ?tendinfr frnm Windsor to Wiseman's Fell v. At one time expectations ran high that the new loop line of railway from near Dubbo via Mudgee, by which it is proposed to relieve the great traffic now coming in x-ver the mountains from the Western plains, would have come way, and even now it is not too late to hope. The energetic engineer in charge of the trial survey, Mr. Townsend, had discovered an excellent track, the steepest gradient, I was informed, being 1 in 100, and and the sharpest curve 20 chains radius. This line, when made will greatly ease the present one over the mountains, which is now acknowledged to be insuffi cient to the wants of the rapidly growing trade which the network of our Western Railway is rapidly developing, and which will continue to increase as years roll by. The old line will be none the less necessary when the new one is made, for it traverses the great agricultural districts of Bathurst, Blaney, and Orange, and the traffic thereon will be certain to repay at least the required interest. But it stands to reason that any new loop line should have its two junctions to the west of Wellington and to the east of the Penrith Zigzag, because between these two points the present line traverses mountainous country nearly the whole way, and as a necessary consequence steep gradients and shap curves abound. The proposal therefore to make Penrith the eastern junction does not obtain favour on the Hawkesbury. To my un professional mind it appears to be the weak point in the scheme, for a glance at ihe map will show that the proposed new line will run almost in a straight line as far as the settlement at Upper Colo ; but here, instead of keeping down the Colo, crossing the Hawkesbury at Mitchell's, midway between Sackville and Portland, running up Doyle's Swamp, and on to the Maroota Ridge, and from thence through Dural and Castlehill, till it junctures with the Northern line at Hornsby, which, to many practical minds, is the best and cheapest, and more j direct route, it turns at an almost right angle to the ; South to get to Penrith, which is simply going out of j its way, and to no purpose, except an increased ex- j penditure, as it will involve some heavy tunnelling i and expensive bridging before its course can be continued on the Emu Plains ; and pre sents no commensurate advantage to the pub lic over the cheaper and more direct route which, besides being considerably less expensive, would open up, as I mentioned above, a considerable block of Crown lands suitable for orchards and vine yards, and would also tap the Hawkesbury just below the point where navigation for large cfoamors IwnmM liiffinilt. and n rove nf inrntimaMe advantage to the farmers and residents on the Hawkes bury, Colo, Sackville, Dural, and Castle Hill. Verb, sap. ' In the mouth of one or two witnesses,' &c.; Since writing the above my attention has been attracted to the following, clipped from the Hawkes bury Chronicle. Speaking of sundry improvements on the Western line of railway, terminating at Rich mond, it states: 'This is good, and it wants now only, better speed and more suitable hours to make the line what it should be — always, of course, provided it is connected with the proposed Colo Valley line. This, no doubt, will need some working up and a big demonstration on the part of the inhabitants of Windsor, Richmond, Riverstone, Pitt Town, and other centres of population in the district. That the line by way of the Colo to Mudgee, Wellington, and Dubbo will be made, we have not the ghost of a doubt, but that its junction with the main Western line should be at Penrith is not to be thought of ; it is simply monstrous, and if ever accomplished will be i not an engineer's error, but a political one, brought about by log-rolling of the most iniquitous kind. Mr. M'Quade always said tl at he believed the line would go via Colo, and the Government was justified in taking it that way if an easy grade could be ob tained into^the interior ; that matter has been pretty well proved, and the thing for consideration now is whether the towns of Richmond, Windsor, and River stone are to be ignored, in order thatPenrith may be spoonfed, like Minister Wright, the other day, said Newcastle was, and which we know Parramatta has been from its birth. Mr. M'Quade will work with us, believing, as we believe, that we have been treated Tery badly in this district in railway matters. This is a big question, and it is hoped that the people will J | not divide their forces by splitting up into small I sections upon small matters thai are really insignifi | cant compared to this. A through railway, more trains, and better speed mean salvation to us, as j well as the older towns, and the Colo line going to | Penrith must mean nothing but ruin.' ; | But we must now ' Haste to the Jerry.' A turn j in the track brings us on to the Parramatta-road — the main trunk road— along which we merrily bowl. - Here and there from an elevated standpoint we catch a glimpse of Windsor in the far-off distance and other 41 cities of the plain ; ' but the most beautiful view j of all is in the graceful bend of the Hawkesbury at | Wiseman's Ferry, as seen on the mountain track ?; from two points at once, just before dropping into the valley beneath. It is utterly impossible to do it justice ; the magnificent sweep of the broad river winding through the mountain defiles, receiving in its passage the waters of the 'gentle-flowing MacDonald,' and rounding the 'ferry point ' in an ^ ever-broadening expanse, lost for a moment in a defile, only to reappear again as a fertiliser to the richly nurtured meadow lands. Oh, glorious Hawkesbury! Well may she be crowned the 'queen of rivers,' watering 'the garden of New South Wales.' The sheen of God's sunlight is sparkling on her now. Her banks teem with fruitfulness. They are mellow with the ripen ing grain ; they are clothed with the choicest beauty; they are mantled with the richest verdure ; they are resplendent with the cedar, the oak, and the fig- I tree ; they are engirdled by bushclad hills, reflecting | in her silver bosom their wealth of varied foliage. f ® How beautiful art thou 3 No tongue can tell, no pen li declare. I am baffled, and I give it up. 'Thine, O fj Lord, is the glory, for Thou hast created these things !' Turning from this scene, which almost had a parallel in what Moses saw on the top of Mount Nebo when ' he viewed the landscape o'er.' I drop from heaven to earth in one bound. I tread the ' convict ' road ' — literally and figuratively such ; literally be- 9 cause it was made by them, and figuratively be cause it was the result of their own work, and led to the ''judgment seat,' a hollow mass of sand stone rock jutting out over the track, within the cavity of which a rude courthouse was held, in the days long gone by, and the judgment of the lash administered to the convicts. The mind sickens as it 6hudderingly contemplates some of the details of those revolting scenes. ' I was thrilled with horror,' | narrates an eye-witness of the following scene : — ' A j party of four men bore upon their shoulders a miser- f able convict writhing in an agony of pain, his voice a piercing the air with terrific screams. Astonished at fl the sight, I asked what it meant ? ' Only a prisoner 9 who had been flogged.* Little wonder that men flj goaded to madness by such cruelty should 'take to H the bush ' and bitterly repay their debt to society.' fl ' Of some hundreds of bushrangers who passed H through our criminal courts,' wrote a well known » Judge, ' I do not remember to have met with one wj who had not been flogged over and over again before S he took to the bush.' I myself met a short t.imp back B an old ' Government man,' as the ' emancipist®' are M now called, and his reminiscences of a former task- ffl masf-pr. Panfnin ? ? frnm Viim nloaMnf wish, ' I hope, sir, he is now crisping in h ? .' I do not defend the expression. I give it as the old 9 man, smarting under the recollections of wrongs of [l nearly half a century ago, growled it forth from his II clenched teeth, with the smothered fire of passion still |l gleaming in his aged bedimmed eye. Listen to this. §9 'I was present,' writes a well-known lawyer, 'when IS a convict was sentenced to 50 lashes for not taking H his hat off to a magistrate.' And of what material 9 was this magistracy composed? Listen. 'Not a J9 few were needy and selfish settlers, who sought to ex- h tort by the lash the maximum of labour from pri- H soners assigned to them.' H A scoundrel of this class figured prominently dur- H ing the vigorous administration of Sir General R. B Bourke, who by one bold sweep of his pen cut the S claws of these human tigers, by defining the duties 9 of magistrates, and insisting on the performance of H those duties in open courts and not in private 9 houses. By none of the judicial gang, as it I then existed, was this just and equitable B measure more bitterly opposed than by the B scoundrel alluded to — 'an, ex-officer of the Imperial B service who had been indiscreetly appointed to the B magistracy by General Darling, yielding to importu- B nate solicitation.' Why he was appomted to such a B responsible position, considering his well-known ante- B cedents, it is impossible to conceive, unless led away B by the delusive cry of 'measures not men' the B Governor fell into the error of supposing that because this individual had been accustomed to command, and was an educated man, that therefore he was B ntxea ior tne post — a aeiusion tnat was mm very speedily exposed. This person obtained B a grant of land on the Hunter, and had B a large number of convicts (slaves really) as- B signed to his service. The historian of the day tells B us, ' From these men he continued to exact the B largest possible amount of labour at the least possible B mount of cost.' What a volume of untold [? horrors is contracted within that short «n-l B pithy sentence may be gathered from the B 'scathing terms in which the same historian Kl describes his treatment of the convicts. He con- B sidered that ' To extend indulgence to convicts was B to impair their usefulness, and that perpetual punish ment was their natural state.' 'He practically B maintained that in the unsparing use of the la-gh the B main duty of a colonial magistrate consisted.' That B he practised what he preached the historian goes on IB to show : ' The floggings -& his ARfaVilicVimc-nt were 15 perpetual and excessive.' wf Is it with any wonder, then, that we learn some of li these wretched objects of fhi« man's cruelty asserted If their manhood, broke from his employment, and took Mm to the bush? fl They were recaptured, of course, and brought to In trial — all young men in the prime of life, from 20 16 to 22 years of age — and condemned anil fVipn I ensued a scene such, as -would cause an angel to weep, and turn with disgust from that mockery of justice On being called upon to show cause why sentence of death should not be pronounced against them, H ? - the most intelligent of the condemned men, ' im plored the Government to institute an inquiry into . their past treatment, the flogging they had undergone, I the bad insufficient food they had received, and the system of merciless infliction of the lash j throughout the district of the Hunter River. On behalf of the convict population lie im plored this act of justice and mercy.' He ~was allowed to proceed thus far, but when he commenced to denounce by name the perpetrators on whose establishments he alleged these cruelties were perpetrated his mouth was stopped. He then in the most pathetic language requested permission that ' he and his fellow prisoners might be allowed to ex hibit their lacerated backs to the Court, to show what tortoreB they had endured,' but this request was not complied with, and they were executed reiterating their complaints upon the scaffold. Subsequently a Goverment investigation into these complaints proved how well grounded they were, but then the complainants were lying in an ignominious grave. It is absolutely refreshing to leam that the scoun drel who was the judicial murderer of these men sub sequently closed his dishonourable career in the colony by being publicly and severely horsewhipped in one of the principal streets of Sydney ' for his heartless buffoonery in mocking the physical infir mities of an aged and honourable gzntleman. He immedia'.elv alter quitted tl;e colony, but not before his very presence was shunned by all classes.' He shall be hissed out of the world. 'With the knowledge of these facts, and the further knowledge that one of the magistrates who formerly sat in the ' courthouse,' projecting right over our path, was a contractor for supplying food to the thousand resident convicts who worked in ctiain gangs on the public roads, and that he netted from £3000 to £4000 a year on his contract, was it any wonder that my brain was busy with the past and in repeopling those silent rocks with life again, and that scenes which once were real now flitted m ghostlike shape before me ? 