._".,;,,.; :_IT 18-' - ^i', ., .ii HEYER TOO UTE TO MEHD: *.A MÁTTKR-Of'FAOT ROtlANCM. \- ' r By (TKAU» m»AP»i. ».eli. : .-iCHAlTKR XJCXI-CONTINUED. Siman pitied Meadows. Pitying him sb« forced, horsclf at limes to be gracious, am si when abo did; he WAD;so happy, tlmt she wai ' alarmed ut ber power, and draw in. Old Merton'saw now how tho lund lay, am lie clung to a marriage.hetween these two ai his only hope. < John Meadows will pull m< ' throng*- If rw-triarfiea my Susan.' And so the two selfish ones had got tho un selfish one between them, one pulling gently, . the other pushing -.quietly, - hut both wlthoui intermission.'1' Thiuv days und days rolled on Meadows now" came four times a week Instead of two, and courted her openly, and beamed no willi happiness that she had nol always tho heart > to rob him of this satisfuo \- Hon, und ho overwhulinod her with kindness 1 it'nd attention of every sort, und if any one elsi was present, she was su.ro ta seo liowiuucii he was respected; andthis man whom othoit courted was horsluro.: Thia soothed tho pride ' another had wounded. > v-.) -1' -.'-« ,» ". Ono tiny ho poured out his love tet her with . such passion Unit ho torrilied her,-and thc noxt timó lin cJiniü ulio avoiclud him. lier father remonstrated; 'Girl you will break tlmt iniin's heart if you are so unkind to him ; ho could not Buy a word because you shunned him like. "Why your heart must he mudo of stouo.' 1 A burst of tears was all tho roply. i .- -u-.'. i .; - At last two things presented themselves to this poor girl's understanding ; Unit foi- her thora was no chanco of earthly happiness, do .what sito would, ' and Unit, strangely enough, slio, tho wrutched one, lind it in her power to mnko two othor beings happy, lier father and good Mr Meadows. Kow, a lino woman lives to maka others happy. Shu rnruly lukes tho self- contained viows of lifo men nie »pt to do. It pauset! through Susan's mind-'If I refuse to muko thesu happy why do I liva, what nm I on thu earth for ut all V It seemed cruel to lier to refuse- happiness -when sho could bestow it without making liorsclf two sliades moto niiserablo tliuti sho was. Despair and unselfishness aro ovil couti sollow in a scheming HOIIIHII world. Tho lifo blood lind been drained out of har licm-t by so many cruel blows, by thu long waiting, tho misgivings, tho (loop woe when slio bc liovcd George dcud, tho bitter grief, and mortification mid sonso of wrong when slio found ho lind married to nnothor. Many of ns malo and fournie, treated ns Susan fancied herself treated, liavo taken another lover out of pique Susan did not Bo. Sho was bitterly piqued, but she did not make Hint uso of her pique Dcspnir of happiness, pity and puro un- selfishness, these Blood J olin Meadow's friends with Iiis unhappy; dupe, and porhaps my malo renders will bo incredulous ns well ns shocked when I Teinte tho manner in -which nt Inst this young creature, lovely ns nn angel, in tho spring of life, loving nnothor still mid deluding herself to think sho liated mid despised him, wits ono afternoon sur- prised into giving her linnd to n man for whom sho did not really caro n button. It wns ns if sho lind said, 'Is it ronlly trno your happiness depends on mo ? then tnko mo-quick-beforo my courngo fails-nro you happy now my poor soul ?' On the other sido Hiero wero tho passionate* plead- ings of n lover; tho deep manly voico broken with supplication, tho male eyes glistening, tho diabolical mixturo of fraud nutt cunning with sincerity. At tho first symptom of yielding tho man sou.etl her ns tho hawk tho dova; ho did not wait for » second hint, lin poured out grati- tude and protcstntions. Ko thanked hor and blessed her, mid in his manly ardour caught her to his bosom. Sho shut her eyes, nnd submitted to tho carosa ns to nn executioner. ' Tray let mo go to my father,' sho whis- pered. Sho enmo to her father and told him what sho hud dono nnd kisscil him, and wlion ho kissed her in return that rare embraco sccmod to her her reward. Meadows wont homo on wings-ho waa in n whirlwind of joy und triumph. ' Alia ! what will not a strong will do V Ho lind no fears, no misgivings. Ho saw sho did not rani ty liko him oven, but ho would make lior love him ! Let him onco got lier into his house and into Iii» arms, by degrees sho should lovo liiin ;-ny, silo should ndoro him 1 lie hold that n young nnd virtuous woman cannot resist thc husband who remains a lover unless Ito is ti fool ns woll as a lovor. Sho could resist ii limn, lint hardly tho hearth, tho mnrringe-bed, tho sacred domestic tics, and a man whoso lovo should bo always prcsont, nlwnys ardent, yet Iiis temper always cool and his dotornjination to bo loved unflinching. With this conviction 'Meadows lind com- mitted crimen of thc deepest dyo to possess Susan. Villain ns ho was it may bo doubted whothcr ho would havo committed theso folonioB had ho doubted for an instant her ultimate happiness. Tho unconquerable dog said to himself, 1 Tho day will como that I will tell hor how I havo risked my soul for lier ; how I havo played tho villain for her ; nnd sho shall throw her arms round my neck nnd bloss ma for committing all thoso crimes to mako her so happy against her will. It remained to clinch tho nail. Ile carno to Grnssincro avery dny ; nnd ono night that tho old man was telling Susan nnd bim how badly things wcro going with him, be laid «¡th a cheerful laugh, ' I wonder at you, father-in-law-taking on that way. Do you think Susan will let you be uncomfortable (or want ot a thousand pounds or two V Now thia remark was alily made while Susan Kas at the other end of the room, so that she could bear it, but was not supposed to. He did not look at ber for seme time, and then her face was scarlet The next day-he said privately to old Mer- ton, ' The day Susan and I go to church together you must let me take your engage- ments and do the beat I can with thom.' < Ah, John, you are a friend ! but it will take a pretty deal to set me straight again.' ' How much 1 Two thousand V . More I am afraid, and too much-' "Too much for me to take out of my pocket for a stranger ; but not for roy wifo's father-not if it was ten times that.' From that hour Meadows had an ally at Grassmere working heart and soul to hasten the wedding-day. ' . . Meadows longed for thia day ; for ho contd not hide from himself that as a lover ho made no advances. . Susan's heart wai like a globo of ice ; he could get no hold of it, any- where.'- He burned with rage when the bitter truth was forced on him that with the tonio of George Fielding bo hud lost those bright, animated looks of affection she tisod to bestow on him, und now, could only com- mand ber polite attention-not always that. Onco he ventured on a remonstrance-(inly once. Sho nnswored coldly that sho could not feign ; Indifferent sho wns to everything ou earth, indifferent sho always should bo. But for that indifference shu could never havo consciitod to marry him. Lot him pauso then, and think what ho was doinfr, or bettor still, giro up this folly, and not tie au ¡ciclo likd her to an honest and warm heart Uko his.' that ground again. Ho feared slio wanted to bo off tho marriage, and lio determined to hurry it on. Ho pressed bor to namo tho day. Sho would not. , "' .'.']" Meadows nover ventured on 'Would sho lot him namo it?' . 'No.' ! Hor father carno to Meadow's assistance 'I'll nnmo it,' said ho. " "' .' , 'Father! no 1 no'l'' ;' ,: -v':'' Old Morton thon mudo a pretonco o selecting a day. ltejoctcd ono day for on reason, another for anothor, and pitohod 01 a day only six weeks distant' ' . . . Tho noxtd.iy Meadows bought tho license ' I thought you would liko that bettor thai hoing-cried . in church, Susan.' SUSHI thanked him mid siiid ' Oh yes.' That ovoning ho had a note from her, ii which 'Sho humbly askod his pardon, bu slio could not ninny him ; ho must oxqusi her. Sho trusted to his generosity to lot tin mutter drop, and forgivo a poor broken hearted girl, who lind hohnved ill from weak ness of judgment not lightness of heart. Two days nftor this, which remained un answered, her father caine to her in grca' agitation and said to her, ' Hare you a mini to Intro a milli's "death upon your cou. Bcionco?', ' v , . . . . ' FnthorT ( « fl / ^f ¡tj > ' J 'I linvu seon John Meadows, ? and ho ii going to kill himself. What sort of a loltoi wiiB that to writo to tho poor Jiinn ?' Snyi he, " It lins como on ino like a thunderclap.' I saw a pi»1 ol on ni's table, mid ho told mo ho wouldn't givo a button to livo, You ought to bo ashamed ot yourself trilling with folks' hearts so.' ' ' I trillo with fulks' heurta 1 Oh 1 what shall I do !' cried Susan. 'Think of others ns well as yourself replied tho old man in a rugo. ' Think ol mo.'-' Of yon, dear father 1 Daos not yout Susan think of youl'-'No I what will become of mo if tho man kills himself ) He is nil I havo to look to to suva mo from ruin.' -' What thou 1' criod Susan, colouring nen ri ot, ' it is not his lifo you caro for? it is his moans of being useful to us I Poor Mr. Meadows I Ho hus no friend but mo. I will givo you a lino to him.' Tho lino cont lined theso words : ' Forgivo mo,' Half an hour nftor receipt of it Mondows wns nt tho farm. Susan was going to mnko sonia faint apology. Ho stopped her, mid said, ' I know you Uko to maka folk happy. I havo got n job for-you. A gontlcmnn, n friend of mino in Ohoshiro,, wants a baliff. Ho has written to mo. A word from mo will do tho business. Now is tliero nuy ona you would liku to obligo 1 Tho placo is worth livo hundred u-yenr.' Susan wus grateful to him for waiving disagroeablo topics. Sha reflected and said, ' Ah ! but ho is no friend of yours V 'What does thal matter, if ho is yours 1' -1 Will Fielding.'-' With all my heart. Only my nnmo must not bo mentioned. You aro right. Ho can ninrry on this. They would both havo starved in " Tho Grovo." Thus ho marlo tho benevolent girl tasto tho Bwoots of power. ' You will bo asked to do many a kind action Uko this whuu you aro Mrs. Meadows. So ho bribed fathor and daughter each after their kind. Tho offer carno from tho gentleman to Will Fielding. Ho mid Miss Holiday lind already been cried in church. They woro married and went off to Cheshire. . So Meadows got rid of Will Fiolding at a crisis. When it Bailed his strategy ho mado his enemy's fortuno with ns little compunc- tion as ho would havo ruined him. A innn of iron I Cold iron, hot iron, whatever iron was wnnted. Mr. and Mrs. Fielding gono off to Ches- hire, and Mrs. Holiday after thom on a visit of domestic instruction, Meadows publicly announced his approaching murringo with Miss Merlon. Tho const being clear, ho clinched tho Inst nail. From this day tliero woro gusts of repugnance, but not n shadow of resistance on Susan's sido. It was to bo. Thc weather wis fine, and every ovening this limn and woman walked together. Tho woman envied by nil tho women ; tho man by all tho mon. . Yet. they walked.sido by side, liko tho ghosts of lovers. And sinco ho was her betrothed, ono or two iron-groy hairs in tho tnnns bend had turned white, and lines deepened in his face. Tho victim had unwittingly revenged herself. Ho lind stabbed her heart again and ngain, and drained it. Ho lind battered this poor heart till it had become moro liko leather than flesh nnd blood, and now ho wanted to ncBtlo in it mid bo warmed by it : to kill tho affections and revivo thom nt will.-No ! I She tried to givo happiness and to avoid giving pain, but her heart of hearts was inac- cessible. Tho town had capitulated, but tho citadel was empty yot impregnable; and tliero woro moments when flashes of hato mingled with tho steady llamo of this un- happy man's love, and ho was tempted to kill her and himself. But theso weaknesses passed liko air, tho iron purpose stood firm. This day wcok they wero to bo married. Meadows countod tho days mid exulted ; ho lind faith in tho magic ring. It was on this Monday evening then they walked arm-in-arm in the field, and it so happened that Meadows waa not speaking of love, but of a scheme for making all the poor people in Grassmere comfortable, especially of beeping the rain out of their roofs and tho winds out of what they vul- garly but not unreasonably colled thajr windys, and Susan's colour was rising and i her eyes brightening at this the ono intercst ings side mnrringo offered-to make people happy near her nnd round about her, and she east a look of gratitude upon her companion ; a look that coining from so lovely a face might wtll pass for love. Whilo thus pleasantly employed tho pair suddenly encountered a form in along bristling beard, who peered into their face with a singular expression of strange and wild curiosity and anxiety, but did not stop: ho was making towards Farnborough. Susan was a little startled. ' Who is that ?* " ' I don't know.' ?.? 'ITo looked as if he knew us.' , ' :;" .' 'A traveller.I think, dearest. The folk hereabouts bavo not got to wear thoBo long beards yet.' ' Why did you start when ho passed us f ' ' Did I start, Susan P' , 1 Tour arm twitched mo.' ' ' You munt hare fancied it,' replied Mea- dows with a sickly smilo'; ' but come, Susan, tho dow is falling, you had bettor mnko to- wards home.' ,i <..,,', " '" He saw her safe;home, then instead of waiting for supper as usual, got his horse out and rode to tho town full gallop, . \- ' Any ono been hore for mo ?' 'YOB! a Btranger.' > ' With a long beard ?' ' Why,yes ho had.' , , 'Ho will como again ff, : 'In half an hour.'; ,v ]! ir. ; ¡ : u . ' Show him into my room when ho comes, and admit no one bise.' ; ' ' 7 Meadows . was hardly seated in , his study and his caudles lighted, when tho sorvant ushered in his visitor. . . 'Shut both the doors and you can go to bed. I- will let Mr. ilichards out.'. ' ' Well r 'Well wo havo done the trick between us, eh'1' ,: \ , . ' ' ' What mado you ' come ' homo : without orders V asked Meadows somewhat sternly. ; ; ; ' Why you know as well, us mo, sir ; you have noon them!1; v ; i- .1.. ' Who r "iGeorgc.Ficlding and his mate.! ' Meadows. stared. ' How should Ï see thom 1'-'Sir! Why they oro como home. Thoy gitvo mo tho slip, »nd got away before mo. I followed thom.. They ure hore. Thoy must bo hore.'-Crnwloy not noticing .Meadows' face wont on.-'Sir when I found they had slipped out of tho camp on horse- back, and down to Sydney, and saw . them with my own eyes go out of tho harbour for England, I thought I should never have the courago to fnco you, but when I met you arm-in-arm, her oye smiling on you, I know it was all right then. When did tho ovent como off 1'-* What avont 1'-'Tho murringo, sir,-you and tba lady. She is worth all the trou bio she hus glvon us.' ' ' ",?'<?" ' You fool,' roared Meadows, ' wo aro not married. Tho wedding is to bo thia day week !'-Crawley 'starlfW and gasped,. ' Wo aro ruined, wo aro undono !' ,.' . : J. v, ; ' Hold ; your bawling ' cried Meadows fiercely, ' and let mo thinki' Ho buried his fuco in his hands; when ho removed them ho was gloomy but self-possessed. ' They are not in England Crawley, or wo'should have Been : them,' They aro on ' tho road. You sailed faster than they ; passed them at night perhaps. : They will soon bo hero. My heart tells me thoy will bo,hero beforo Mon- day. Well, I will boat thom still. I will bo married Tliursduy next.' Tho iron man thon turned to Crawley and sternly demanded how ho had let tho mun slip. Crawley related all, and ns ho told his talo tho torio of Meadows altorcd. Ho 110 longer doubted tho zeal of his hireling.' Ho laid his hand on his brow and moro than once ho groaned and muttered linlf-nrticuluto expres- sions of repugnance. At tho conclusion ho said moodily ; ' Crawley, you havo sorved mo well-too well I All tho women upon earth wero not worth a murder, and wo have been on tho brink of several. You went beyond your instructions.' . ' No I did not,' roplicd, Crnwloy ; ' I havo got thom in my pocket. I will rend them to you. Scot thcro is no discretion allowed mo. I was to bribe them to rob.' . 'Whore do I couutonauco tho uso of deadly wcnponsl' -'Whcra-is thoro a'word ngninst deadly won pons ?' asked Crawloy sharply. 'Boj ust to mo sir,' ho added in a moro whining tone. 'You know that you aro a mau Hint must and will bc oboyed. You sent mo to Aus- tralia to do a certain thing, and you would havo Hung mo to perdition if I had stuck nt anything to do it. Well sir, I tried skill without forco-look hore,' and ho placed a small substance liko wliito sugar oil tho tnblo. 'What is that?' ' l'ut that in a man's glass ho will nover taste it, and in half au hour ho will sloop you might tako tho clothes off his back. Thrco of us watched months and mouths for a chance, but it was no go ; thoso two woro teetotal or next door to it.' ' I wisli I had nover sent you out,' 'Why' roplicd Crawloy 'there is no harm done, no blood has been spilt except on our own side. Goorgo Fielding is coming homo all right. Givo him up tho Indy, and ho will nover know you woro his oncmy.' ' What 1' cried Meadows, ' wado through »ll these crimes for nothing. Lia and feign, and intercept letters, »nd rob and all but assassinate-and fail. Wado in crimo up to my middle, and then wado back again with- out tho prizo I Do you' seo this pistol ? it lins two barrels, if sho and I aro ever parted it shall bo this way-I'll send her to hoaven with ono barro!, and mysolf to hell with tho other.' There was a dead silence 1 Crawloy returned to their old relation, and was cowod by the natural ascendency of tho grcator spirit. TO IIB CONTINUKD. 