SPORTING INTELLIGENCE, j -o llACING. MEL-nOURNl- HUNT CLUB MEETING. Today the Melbourne Hunt Club hold their annual race meeting over the Heming ton course StronR fields neera to be assured especially for tho Hurdle Hace, the Birthday Handicap and the Welter Handicap the n lera in the latter being members of Hie MU C. the V R,C,orthc VA I G abe first race will start at 1 o clock and thp lost nt hall past 1 there being altogether halt a dosen events. Hie usual special trains to tho course will run from Spencer street and there will also bo the omnibus service from Bourke street. 1 \cursiou trims run from all parts to Melbourne tickets being available for return till Wednesdaj night Gentlemen intending to ride in the W citer Han heap are requested to hand in their inmes to Mr C W Shaw the sccreturj before _ p m Hie following ia the programme and order of running - BLLLIMl BAO! Of6usovs The vii r to bo sold for__0 Tour furloi _s et lb Mr Vt La tjlcv s br h Stationer Ovrs 10 0 Mr J Co) on s b g Col ! T"p 4 j rs (C50) 7 11 Mr It CI Irnsllo s b or br g Woodbino 6jrs (£») 7 4 Mr J Sit «on i s 1 r ex Sunstroke 6jr»(£n_) 4 Mr ! bl an c i s 1 or br t, Cccrops jrs 7 1 Mr IL Uall's 1 t, Maronoj 0 yrs (nil) 0 11 Mr J \M ¡tth c1 at i s t o Achinet 2 j ra (£100) 8 4 Mr It C .albotslrf Violet yrs(£100) 0 2 Mr T Jo es s eli! Delan la 2}rs(i.l00) 0 2 Mr li C1 r He s eli f Lady Loch J jrs (nil) 0 13 Mr S Mal o s 1 r f llr Ha ° yrs (C7f) 0 0 Mr B ( ra) s eh t Leis re jrs(tro) f 2 Mr S Millers Irf Mar! a jrs(£-5) 4 9 IIANPICAl llUIlDfl «ACE Of 5 sovs O e nulo and three quartora. sr, 1b Mr T Bo tel or a oh 11 Ilov al Mail Ojrs 11 4 Mr I lauriiBlrcO ardllsh Ovrs 11 4 Mr \ It Mai lo ida b or br g li gluldo n(,el 10 10 Mr \ Har] or s cb c Despatch 0 J rs 10 10 Mr 1 la res be, telo Ojrs 10 0 Mr c, H It ni si m Agitation n.ocl 10 0 Mr I O Uriel tstr iJIherva Ojrs 10 7 Mr A "Ina sbliDu stat Ovrs _, 10 7 Mr H Ulfioj si t I pit ac.cd 10 0 Mr It I ililli] s« eh i îT uhr ti)ra 10 4 Mr M I W litt) si h Oil Soul 5 jrs 10 2 Sir I M Grades lr h Ti tan>or (lyre 10 1 Mr r II I t,s _ eli i, _ ot an 6 yrs 0 18 Mi M lan luj s b1 h Hi tir Ojrs 0 12 Mr 11 bo lors che, rusIHi-r li yrs 0 10 Mr II cl» iv s 1 g C1 atsvvortli 6 j rs 0 10 Mi C 11 T Hail* li Beresford 61rs 1)10 Mi IK Ist t. Willi J 4 J is 0 10 Mr It O reib ta bo li vcrloy 4jrs 0 10 Mr I SI son i s eh u . ollow liammer 4 yrs 0 7 Mr J li OUI s I r c, D u lean Ojrs 0 4 Mr I II Crook s I c, Ntltlad aged I) 4 Mr J Halstou s b (, 1 rl lo of Oaklands 0 yrs OS Mr S Cox s b li Cockboat 5 j rs 9 0 Tilt, nillTHDA- HANOIOAI Of "00 sovs TI o second horso to rocclvo 20sovs. nu 1 the tliltd 1 eise 10 suvs from the stake Ona mile st lb Mr W Nill s bl o üuntion 4jrs 8 0 Mr Ü Jo is s b or br h Topaz 0 yrs 8 7 Mr J O Ile d s oh g Tho Ghost i Red 8 0 Mr G Daviss b m Camerino, ae,ed 8 fi Mr J G Hold s oh ni Graco Darlluc, rjrs 8 4 Mr J W lisons (lull ) bor br o Vloteor 4 jrs 8 4 Mr ICO lalhot'e br g MalTord 6 jrs 7 0 IL S Millers bo lameroo 4 yrs 7 8 Mr J Wilson s (j in ) ht o iUiigmastor 2 yrs 7 7 Mr J linn era li u Uncos 8 j ra 7 0 Mr O Wilso s b ii Garde tia r yrs 7 0 Mr T Jot es s br o Uoheniiuii 3 jrs 7 2 Mr R Thurll e, s b f Lost Ljuno 3 jrs 7 2 Mr J MIIBOI S (Jim ) li or br f I'vle 2 yrs 7 2 Mefisrs Dobbs Bros oh g Landseer 4 yrs 7 2 Mr II Haines br a Qlpsj s M amlnt, 8 yrs 7 0 Mr T llavvling's in g 1 ootman fijrs 7 0 Mr J Crh | s ns br li Hobart 5 jrs 0 12 Mr J O holds gf Lmky Hit 4 jrs 0 10 Mi A L Johnson s b in impulse Oyrs 0 10 lion W I larsons bo Aisonnl J jrs ii 8 iii I Ml Uti IL hums bo Meiitinoie 4 j ra 0 7 Mr W Ho) I sT> or br ! Agnes 8 jrs U 0 Mr J Slnmo i ns bl o Lbonj 8 j rs 0 0 HANDICAP 811 I 11 -Oil \8E, 01110 sovs the second horse to rcooli o 10 sovu from thostiko Two miles at lb Mr W T Power s br g Blackthorn aged I" 4 Mr It. Batty s g or ro j, Deceiver a"id 12 0 Mr A 1 Militan« be So luster need li 10 Mr R I Ililli] s br li Oran lllo 0 ) ra 10 11 Mr E Martins he Native aged 10 12 Mr U GlaSHCOcli s h g 1 lol le aired 10 12 Mr \V Dalrjinple«lie Good vood Oyra 10 7 Mr C1 It Reid abre Rotlcont 4yro 10 0 Mr J Kail» tire, Mo} aged 10 0 Mr H Conolly ns oh e topsail agod 0 12 Mi \Y _ull stag Whitethorn 0)ra 0 7 BCCOND bFIIINO ltAOh. Of DO sovs. The winner to ho sold for £12j Vtolght for ago SK furlongs st lb Mr T Jones« eh g Primus Ovrs _50 7 4 Mr J Shane ns br or I rg Cecrops 2yrs 7 J Mr J Leeks h g by Neckersgat-Azcma 2 )rs 7 3 Mr C I I raser sb li Sir Charl s rvrs £"5 7 0 Mr U. Chirnside s b or br k Woodbine 5 ) rs V 0 11 Mr J Simson ns br e Su istroko r v rs £25 0 11 Mr R.G Tallotsbrc, stafford Oyra lill G 4 Mr R Chin sido a eli f I ady Lpch J) ra nil 0 1 w _jr_it liAVDioAi ii At liAon, Of 60aovB lo ho rid len 1) mo nbora or hon mom bora of tho Vlelhour to Hu t Club lnoinbois of the V1IC ni Alt. 1 ivoiurlongs. st lb Mr J G Reid a oh g Tlio GI oat nc,cd 11 13 Mr U Hall a b j, Mnronov 0 ) ia 11 11 Mr S Grimwood s bril Mean 1er aged 1110 Mi II Hall es a bro Bristol 4 yra 1110 Mr It G Cullota 11 -Stafford 0)ra 11 4 Mr - Mlllors bolaillerno 4)ra 11 2 Mr \\\ Lui i,ley a I r li btatioi oi 0)rs 11 1 Mr E G Bei/ou a b g 1 olestar 5)1. 11 0 Mr A It M Donal I a b or br e Imilosido aged 11 0 Mo~rs Ilobl s Uros ah u landseer 4 yra 10 12 Mr 1 Duirgan a b i, Sea llreoi 4vra 10 11 Mr I Ralston a b g 1 rl lo of Oaklands 5 ) ra 10 10 Mr li 1 Ililli)» bril Doi eai- ter 0 yra 10 li Mr W S Cox a eli g Imperial aeed 10 7 Mr C 1- . raser a b li Sir C1 aries 5} mi IO 4 Mr It Cllrnsuloaborbrc. Woolbiio 5)ra 10 S Mr E> SloaioaboBon lion 4)ra 10 0 SPOIiriNQ NOTES. Amongst the multiInrlouB business of this week rneing men will do well to benr m mind the importance of next Monda) s closings The subjoined list will show that the oflicialg of tile Victoria Hacing Club will have a bus) time on that tin), not only with the great events in which they are especially interested butnlso in those foi other clubs lor the V ItC tlie ensuing Melbourne Cup and the Mm lb) ruong Plate will lune to be attended to, whilst tor next New Year's Dn) meeting there is the Normanh) Stakes. 'Hi«" Autumn meet- ing of ltext jenr has tile Champion Stakes and the Ascotvale Stakes, tin Spring meeting the Derby and OakB, the Autumn meeting of 1S87 the Sires' Produce Stakes and St Leger, and the Spring meeting of the same )eur the Tout Stakes The Victoria Amateur Turf Club is promi tient with the c'nullield Cup, the Juvenile Stakes for the Ho\ing Day meeting, the Cri- terion Stakes for next Kebruar), mid the Great 1 oal Stukes and Caullield Uulueas for next October. The Geelong Buang Club's Sires' Produce Stukes mid the I'oul Stakes, to be tun le anectively in February, 188b and 1887, also close on the 1st ol lune Going into New South Wales, next Sep- tembers Great Mettopohtan Stakes, in con- nexion with the Australian Joeke) Club, must not be lost sight of The Huwkesburv Handicap und County Purse, to be run nt the next spring meeting of the liawkesbur) liiicing Club, us well as the Guineas and Produce Stakes for the spring meetings of 18Su 7, are also down for Mon lay, the 1st of June Amongst the vnrions race meetings going on in Victoria mid the other colonies to du} me those of the Melbourne Hunt Club, the Mitiamo llacitig Club, the Shepparton Turf Club, the Sydney Tiuf Club, the Adelaide Hacing Club, the Queensland Turf Club and tlie ltourke Jcicke) Club Hie following scratcliings were posted on Saturday for to-dny'H Melbourne mint Club meeting - Middlemaicli out ot the Birthda} lltiiidicnp, mid Wildildie out of tlie First Selling Unce Messis \V CYuillenndCo willimill a sale of rucehorscs at Ncwniaiket on '1 uesdas, com- menting at hull'p tat 2 o clock 'Hie lots compuse several weil known steeplcchaseis and hurdlcrnccis from the htud ot Mr W Neil, vi/ - Denmark, Marquis of Waterford, Strugglei, Scobeloll, Whitcliorn, and the ilnt racers Mistake, Duration, .uria, and Yarra gon J here nie also thioe first class liunters At tlie Burne time will he sold the following horses, the propel ty ot Mi ltd 'lalbot Slullord, Miirshnl Ne), and Violet 'Hie weiehts tor the Sjdney Turf Club Amateur Meeline,, on Sutuidu) next, will be issiii d on Wedncodii) Hie geneinl entiles for the meeting of the Uti) Joeke} Club on the 2nd mid 3rd ot lune close on I ridny ne\t to Mr II Norman, tiie lion steietur), at 'lutter, ill g Hotel, Hu) lite various events ate the Maiden Plate, of 60 sovs , one mile and a hull, the Prince oi Wales s Selling Stakes, oi ¿~> sovs , one mile , tile Illiliwa) Stakes ot -suis, with JÜ sovs added, one mile and three quarters , Selling Hurdle Hace, of 80 sovs, about two miles, 0\ley Plate, of 2 sovs each, with .a0 iOvs added, two miles , Muirumbidgee Handicap, ot 2 sovs inch, with 40 HOVH added, one mile , and Selling Kucc, of 50 sovs , one mile and a quarter Several coursing meetings are to beheld to day In the neighbourhood ot Melbourne nre thoseof Sherwood pink, und tlie Piahrun, Coburg, and Enst llourke Club , whilst the North Gipps band Club, mid the Llnine, Meredith, und Morrison s Club hold meetings in the eountr) The settling over Saturdays Moonee Valle) coursing will take place at 'lilley s Victoria Hotel, liourkc street, on 'lueada), at halt pnst 2 o'clock 'J o morrow (1 uesda) ) nominators in the Victoria Coursing Club Derby and Oaks must bear in mind that the) have to descube and name puppies betöre d p m, at the same time pti)ing the balance of the entry money (4 sovs ) elie the 1 sovereign deposited will be forfeited Un Wed- nesday, moicover, entrieB will be re- ceived for the Vice presidenta' Plate, up to noon. Tlie Btnke is for 32 all ages, at 6 guineas each, the vv mnei to recen e DO sova, andu piece of plate, value 50 guineas, pre- sented by Messrs W linde), H It. 1'alkiuer, and H. M'Quaile, the second, 35 sovs , third and fourth, 10 sovs each , and four I dogs S BOVB each The draw takes place at S o clock on \A edina lay. and tho meoting on Thursday, lnduj »lil Saturday, at the Oval The Sandhurst, Maldon and Baringhup C mraiiig Club hold their second meeting of the sea- m on \\\ ednesday und I hilra I ij when the Pul py Stakes, of -7 entrns will be run 1 he nominations for the opening meeting of the new Camperdown and Mortlake Coursing Club close to Mr J M Peters the lion hccretnrj, on I riday next, at Camper down 1 ho combined Clunes and Majorca Coursm" Club hold their first meeting on 1 riday and Saturday next biestn winner of the New South Wales M aterloo Cup last week was bred on the South Australian border She is by Brigadier out of Hilda. Brigadier is a well bred de g by Bashful loe out of Wnllllovver bj Cacique 11 -Dauntless bj Hauler (imn ) -Bess Cacique II by Itcgulus- Kctitution, whilst Ba»hful loe is by Contango out of Hobo the dam of Hones moon winner of tho 1 nglish \\\ aterloo Cup 10 jenrs ago Hilda, the dum of Siesta is by Spring out of Play mate A sculling match will tal e place on the Parramatta course next Saturday between Matterson and Messenger for 100 sovengns SPORTING NOILS 1 ltOM S-DNLY [B\ SPLCIAL \\\ HU. ] (InOM OUIt COKleESPONDENl ) SAD\I_ SUN DAT A number of changes took place on butiir day evening in connexion with the bjdnej lurf Club events Hie withdrawal of Anchorite and Astroea from the Koyal Stakes gives the race a more open appearance King s Own is rumo-red to have performed a good trial on buturduv afternoon which caused lum to be supported for a largo sum of money up to 100 to 10 taken freelj Polestar vv ho will be ridden 1 y O Brien found sup] orters at 100 to 10 Lord 1 \cter was a shade ensiei 1 em lea has tncndsatlOOtoii while Buckiiighuin although very sore was bael ed at Lose lull during the aitem ion to win the ltovul Stakes lit 100 to 0 Mascotte w is supported at 100 to 8 lhere is a tendencj to better prices for the Birthday Cup iho Broker waa well supported by his owner who ne cepted eight tittie» Anchorite is nearly equal favouritt 10 to 1 is taken u.st I irst Demon and Venetia 10 to 1 is offered ngst Merlin, and 12 to 1 lorn Brown and Archie TUT. R0SLII1LL ItACL M1 LTING [BY SP1 C1 ii. A\ IHK ] (rnosi Oun CoiutEsroNDEYr ) S\D\LY, SATURDAY The second meetingof the Hosehill Kacmg Club opened under most tiivouiublu circum stances the weather belüg delightful and the attendance good 1 hen was a great number of Victorian sportsmen present und the track was in a fair state 1 he progr unine opened with the -oimgstcrs Plate vvlnch wnsclcvcrlj won by Keith Hie ltvountc a son ot Goldsb iroiuh-Iloneidcvi was considered a good thing amongst 10 runners tor the Telegraph Stuhl s backers accepting the short price of b to 1 but was cleverly beaten by Lspieglc Hud I nvoj not bien locked on the nuls she would just ubout have won Mngiuhci coining with a gre it rirli making a dead heat with I nvoj Boscawen lett the paddock a b to 4 favourite but was never dangerous Little Star gc ttm" well awaj re illuming m Iront to the li nish 1 recdom being two lengths off bccond Stirm did not leave his suppoilors long in suspense lor the treasury Plate winning all the vvuj bj halt a length Paul was blocked and could not got up Hie winner was bought in lor ibO 1 if teen runners vv ent to the post for the Stownrds Purse St. lawrence was estnb lishcd a firm favouute at 5 to 2, and he won comfortably from Meihn who ian a great horse 'Hie following ure the details ol the racing - Tilt, YOUSOSTEHS' PLATE, Of 100 sovs lor two jear olds. Tho winner to bo sold for 150 sovs Half a mile Mr J _ortliirns bo Leith by Goldsborough Kingston maro (£60) Ost 131b carried 7st ¿Jib Mr A J lowlornshr _ Cliaitroux(£50) Ost 101b (Ln.llsh) 2 Mr J Cook ns br o Boori (£2 ) üst 81b (Colloj) 8 Mr li 1'nrkors br o Darlin_"ii (if») «st ljtb (Sanders) 0 Mr ii VV anights oh filoso and White (£b0) Ost 131b (Harris») 0 lion John Laie, s br f Crou n Jew c1 (fl-u) Ost 61b (Moholson) 0 Mr W CoopirsboLo.ralno(nll) (1st lib (Gouch) 0 Mr W Kelso s b g Good Luek (nil) (1st (M Donald) 0 Betting - to 1 eaoh o.st Kelt i and lioorl 6 to 2 agst Crown Jewel otolotticis An oxcollo it start vv itiicsscd tho fav ourlto get vv clt awaj attindil by Lood Link In the straluht ChartrotiN Hool i and Crown Jivvol made their illort to roach the fav ourito but failed to git on terms and he won bj a neck lime Sis. HIL 111 Ulltll H STILES, Of 8 sovs each with 100sovs added second horse 10 sovs iiuui tile ] rim bevon fut long,* Mr J Monaghan ns on o Fspfcglo Ij Grand master-Saucebox 8 J is "st Olti (Harriss) I Mr Leo Doimollj s b m Luv y, 0 j rs Ust, 71b (M AulllT) t Mr bl Gardiners b f Magnifier, 2 jrs Ost 21b (Spldei) t Mr A. I 1 ideock she Desmond 3 j rs 7st 81b (Ellis) 0 Mr A 1 Smarts bro Buirllda (lato Oarlo) 2 jrs 7et 31b (uougli) 0 Mr Jos ChamborssbroHonojdevv, Jjrs, 7flt 31b (Nicholson) 0 Mr 11 Herbert ns eh g -oldflolds (late Goldtlnch), 4 v rs "st, (1 nils) 0 Mr 1 Mil I s linn Miss Livingstone 0 yrs, Ost. Olli (SI Dougall) 0 Mr II) Kiu.olas br o Marina 2 im, Ost (Cumin) 0 Itottiu. -0 to 4 agst Honoj le v 0 lo 1 agst Ks¡ ie_!o 0 to 1 acst Desmond and Jinvj Aftor a hal start Marina jumpo! oil in front of her Hell attended bj Miss 1 Ivlii.stonu Lnvj and Uonojdcw Hie samo or 1er was i lalntalnod to tho tiru where Marina ran off leaving Honujdovv and 1 uvv lu fiont and thov led their Held opposite the sland vvhero Lsj ieele came with ti Iii o run o i theout side and he beat I nvv ami Mag ilfler who ran a dead heat tor second plaio bj a neck lloucjdovv llni.hcd foin iii Jillillia last Timo lui tlljs HIE IIMiriD HANDICAP, 01 80 sova tor the llrst and 20 sols for the locond horse One milo anti a quarter Mr Geo In^anab f Littlehtar, b) Rapid Bay - btai of l\uc«r4)ia ist (Lula) 1 Mr John 1 hlllips us oh o Freedom, 4 j rs, 7»t 101b (Phillips) 2 Mr C 11 T Harts br o Lner, 2 )rs, Oat 41b (English) 3 Or vv te Cortlsa b li Boscawon, 5 )M, Oat 71b (Collo)) 0 Mr A V Cornwell s br Ii Junius, 0 yrs, 8st (btoopor) 0 Mr T lields br m Miss Livingstone, 5yrs "at 121b (Kelso) ' 0 Mr H HorbcitnsbrgTom Yt Mis, 3 yra, 7flt 71b (Ennis) . 0 Mr VV Rollys b g Wollondilly, 4 }rs, 7at 31b (Waddell) 0 Mi 1 lamond B eli c Phaon, 2 y ra, Oat 101b (Nicholson) 0 Mi 0 1 Loseb) shf Presta,4 )rs «st (M'JJowall) 0 Betting -0 to 4 agbt Boscawen, 4 to 1 «git Little Star 0 to 1 agat Juuus, 0 to 1 a¿st lreudoiu and Phaon As s jon a3 the flag w as lowered Little Star w cut to the front, and, leiuainlug theie throughout, sho won easily by tllleu loii-ths from 1 leedom twoloneths oil Lucí was third MibS LU iuestonu fouitti, Wollun dilly last Time, -in 151s HIE -ItEASUIU I'LVTL, Of 100 sovs iho winner to be Bold for 125 sovs SI\ lurlongi Mr E FagcrsbgStonn, byivcw Holland, 6 yrs (nil),Oat lilli (Ko.0) 1 Mr W 0 l'rconian s b g Filllbubtor.a.od (nil) Ost 111b , carried 7st Ulli (L-ulloli) 2 Mr D thorne s eli g1 messe, 1) ia (nil), Oit 111b (Ward) 3 Mr H un) nor ns b h Paul, 0 ) rs (nil) "st. (Nichol »on) 0 Mr » W Knl-ht's ch g Trick, a yrs (nil) Oat 111b (Hollian) 0 Mr L Ko}88 b g I'rldo, 4 yrs (nil) Git 111b (Lions) 0 netting -0 to 4 on Storm - to 1 ac,st Paul, 0 to 1 ogHt-incase lo toi ngst 1 llllbuatcr Vi hen the Hag fell btorlu anti 1 au! w ero quid est on their le.b attende I li) I tide aid 1 messe Altera turton, waa tl-vcllcd, I ride took up the runiiin- to the turn vv belo the tal otlritu rill lo the front 1 aul being bloc ted on tho rails At the distant e btorm drew clear aw a), and hu won h) hilf a length, from 1'Illlblistor, with 1 ¡niano ti Irtl Iaul fourth -nek last lime, lui lbjs W Inner bought III for JLM> HIE bT-VV Mtl.. IP mi', Of 3 sovs each with I'Osois i tided second horse 2jb0is from tho i ri/e One mile and a quarter Mr A Ilahilbotirc, a b c St Lawrence bv Gloilous -lerlectiou lyn Sst lb (baillera) 1 Mi John Cannon a bl g Mci lin 0 ira 0»t 71b (Noi ton) 2 11 r A 1 bulart a bro Archie 4 yrs bst 41b (Qoutli) J dr J Monaghan lis b g Balmoral, aged, 8st (Gallu.hci) 0 di A 1 1 idcock abo Wallangra, 4 ) rs 7st Dib (I Ills) 0 ilr I Kev a li ii Lord of lbs Lako, oc,cd, 7st. 71b (OUneli) 0 Mr D cooper a ch c Orator, - ) rB 7st 41b (kelso) 0 'Ir VI _ llo)dsbrc Hie Prior, 4 )rs, 7bt Jb (Vi addell) 0 Mi 1 Ivor) a bril Master Avcnol, aged, 7at 21b (Nicholson) 0 Ir A J lowlcr nahm Leumeah, 6} ra Oat 101b (Luellan) . 0 Mi Josh Cook a b _ Rainbow, aged, Ost 81b (Uuxlc)) 0 Mi 11 Heroert ns oh li Albert Victor, 6 yrs, Ost 21b (Gough) 0 Mr Ü thornes eli g Fincsao 4}rs, Oat, carried 1st, Jjlb 0\nrd)J . 0 ¡\o I au ui a br little Star, 4) ra Oat. (Luke) 0 Mr Geo Douucll) a b in Lnv), 0 }rs, list ÍM AiillHc) 0 Bettln. - o to 2 ogst St Laivrcuco, 0 to 1 agst Wallangra 7 to 1 agat Lumeah and Rainbow 8 to 1 a"bt Merlin, 10 to 1 each agst Archie, Orator, and Master Avenel Orator and Merlin vvero quid est nwa) and upon rouu line tile river tuin I utueali took up the runtime, attended by Master Avenel Orator Little Star, and bt Lawrence On rcaoh ne, the turn Littlo Star headed Lumeah while bt Ltwreucu runup to third placo At the distance bt L iw renco und Merl! i drew clear, a great race reaiiltu g In bt Lawrence winning cleverly from Merlin Archie, with a strone run waa third, Lord of the Lake waa last lime, 2iu 13s BOURKA JOCKl-YiCLUB MLl-TING (By TEL-OIIAPH THOM OUR COBR-S.ONDFNT ) BOURKE, SATURDAY Tile following are the weights and general entries for the annual meeting of the B J.C. vv Inch takes pluce on Monday and Wednes da> - LADILS' BRACELET bt lb 1 s( lb Birncj 0 O Mariner .. 7 0 M) les n i Co] I alcen 8 0 Moses U l8 lavet.v S (I | Pa illa 0 U I ver*"reen 0 11 Shearer 0 11 Messmate . .00 Tooralie _ . 0 - Mell ro talc Cirise and Bluo Illackhl I Stradbroke Barney Morling M oronga Honesty florlnda Blackbird . Maritana Moses I vere.reen bhearer Censo and Blue 7 S j Apy LES st lb Fvcrgreen 0 4 j Martha . . 0 12 Apv 8 13 Magie . S 10 Laurlstlna 7 7 J Do-cj . ..0 0 Î.OVFL RACE. st lb I St lb Horinla S 8 Junltts 0 11 Shcanr 7 0 Lurline 0 4 Maritana 7 4 | Grimsleeves 0 0 SQUATTERS lllllSE. rxrhango Mountaineer Brlsbano MAIDKIv -LATE. M otont,a Ev ergreen Tooralie Pacific. SJILINO RACE I Ifeboat Maritana Shearer Opera Liri LaurUtitia Moses Juuius 1 lorlnda 1 LI I Va HsADIOAP Blackl Inl Apy I ifeboat Limey liulvilero lverbreen btcrlu g Chiiftain Wotonga lloni-l) bhearer Opira Girl btralbroko Maritana Jetnius Mannet Comet Oricimlccvcs j and Bluo MvlisnaCoppa Milbrodale liorinda lieu I'ocnsg W LI It R li IHDICAI" Lifebott llarnov Belvidere Blackl lrd Stirl ng Poverty Cti| ido Mo es l'acinc Douai Garnit COUKSING MOOM-L VALLL\ MAY MI-KITING MAV 23 Judge-Mr r D M'Leod Slipper-M llson ritllL STAKE NO 1 lor eight alla is 'hat have never won publlo money, at _1 each Winner "6 second £_ Mr H oraj s I It ve b Grutls bent Mr !. ltlihard sons bk wd Kamblir Mr VV h Thomson s bit vv d Turban beat Mr T Dale) ns r vv d Uc.lv loo Mr « Bunkers uk. w b Ladj Matson beat Mr M It Galvins bel vv bGipsy Mr b Wallis s tilt d Sleight of Hand boat Mr 1 Fergusons bd d Make Haste II III Mr II Groj s bk vv b Gratis bj Chosterflild-Ladj beat Mr S Wallis a It! vv ii blob,!«, of Hand bj Matloian-Hussey, and won the staki UtlAL 81AKE .NO - or eight all agis at £1 each W Inner, £0, second ¿2. Dr I othemton s bo vv b p lasca beat Mr II Halls vv bled p Hat lister Mi I Cahill s vv bk d Banter beat Mr M Hardi man i s b I d W11 ! Bird Mr 1 ltlihtir Ison s f vv d Archie beat Mr W h Thomson *f vv d p tribune Mi C Obluas bd vv b Watorwit h (late Oipsv) beat Mt J Uinry jun s f h pifiathorblQoui II Mr I lllehardson s f w d Archie by Cakobau Kathleen beat Mr J cahill s w bk c1 Hanget, bj Cook of the Walk-Hose and won the stake rni\L KIAKI so 3 ror ei-lit pul pies at x.1 each \\\ inner, £0 suomi, "_ Mi J Bui ko ns bk tv b Messenger beat Mr T Daloj ns bk vv d Itonma tir Mr \V Doolan s bo vv b Dewy Shamrock, biat Mr \\\ K Thomson sr vv d Taara« aj Mr M Hardiman a f d Handsome Sam boat Mr \V Doolan s r vv d Donald O leane Mr II I nsur s r vv b Low Quien beat Mr W II Tatran s r b 1 ulrv laie Ill Mr \V Boolan 8 bo vv b Dewy Shamrock, by Dion) sius O haue-Daphne II (Deo.) and Mr li trasera i vv b how Queen, Maator Joo- Real Urit (Nov ) divided the stake TIIIAI, MAKE NO 4 For olsht all ages at £2 cadi Winner, £10, second, _4 third and foin th, _1 each Mr 11 1 rancia vv bit 1> lionne lomino beat Mr Vi li lae ills rb Hots} Baker II Vlr l> II loxabkvv 1 Imp, beat Mr V> K Thom ona bk vv li lint ture Mr M R Qaweu a bd w d Littlo John II, beat Mr l> R)atislik wdtiallantroo Mi A M Uermott a rd Hero s Luck, beat Dr I cthcrston a w f p 1 linn) Bo) II III Mr II Frasora iv bli b Bonne Torturíe hy Chostcr field-Lad) buatMr A M Dertnott s r d lluro a Luok, by Tyrant-lairiiator, atid won tho stake iitiAL Bruer i>o 5 or clent puppies nt _2 each Winner, £10 sel Old, "4 third and fourth £1 each Mr A bwana bk vv d Socrates beat Mr W Freo man s f or rd Steel W ntcr Mr T Dalov a vv f b Morry Thought beat Mr T Knoxs lui J lather Toni II Ir J Uurkoa bk vv ii Jackdaw beat Mr M. Hardi man a w bo d Happy bailor .lr H Grava iv f d Qarllold beat Mi W li au a f vv d 1 hantoui 1 orcune II Mr II Ora) 8 vv f d Garfield, by Castor-Mint (Fob ), heat Mr T Dalov a w 1 b Mem -nought, by Munt Idea-Burnalta Joy (July), and won the atake TRIAL STAKE tiO 0 lor eight all ngos at ed each Whittingham a bd \ Mr I,. Nolan a bk vi d -windier beat Mr M u Rocho a td Whistling Dick Mr li U I ogan a bk b Fcltrlm Foy Deat Mr W Vi oods a bk vi b n Mlas lyons Vlr L. O Lawlor I a bd w d Commotion beat Mr J Quinns bd vv d Sir John II HI Mr L C Lawford a bd w ti Commotion, by Master Jou-Uuiiiah s Joy best Mr L Nolan a bk vv ti -Winllor, by Swindler- Hampden Star, and won tho stake .MA- ST VU ho 7 loi oic,ht puppies at £1 each Winner, £10, socoiid "a third and foutth £2 eaoll Mr W Harpers w f d Ha) mai or beat Jar L 0 Lawford a r w dbclip Mr li Halls w r d Torpedo beat Mr M Lilis us bk w d Lord Boba III r II Omi a f vv b Glitter beat Mr J M'Raos vv f b Hora Templo Mr 1 Bala) a bl w d Danuorflold beat Mr J Croon ham a f vv d Master Joe II Mr W Har) cr s w f ti Hi) maker b) Hartington I oscillation (0 toi er) and Mr 1 Balls bk vv d Dan ei Held In )l ister Joe-Broiizewii j, (luly) du itled the utakc S ne now V lai"e cird was provide 1 for an aftei no in s eourhing at Mi once Vullej to day, but uiifoitiiniitely the itte idnnct was fur from numerous not» ithstnnding that Mr Lu\ had been at the expense ot fenein_ oil a shilling íeserve Hie entei prise of the proprietor, indeed has hitheito met with so indillercnt a response from the combing public that one need not le surprised should he give up in dis.ust It is true there is never nnv riiibcnltj in hllin_ the stnl cs-to daj s hill ot fare being a substantial case in p mt but uh it is ret|uned is mon genei ii support fiotn the bjiortsmen of the metropolis in ortlei ti make each meeting paj its vv ij for no de Itietion has ever jet been mude li oin the stak s for expenses as is the custom at cveij othernieetin" Coursing begnn at noon uni the curl of 17 decided courses-two ot the stiles having been divided-was run through bt foredusli lherewnsnothingciilling lor spe ml mention in the running, the best Lrejhounds seem-, the end of the various stakes m must instances lhere were on the carl two cases of duplicated nomenclature amongst the puppu s which ought not to hnve lieen allowc 1 bj the secretary in taking the entries If the names ure not altered hereafter considerable confusion must of necessitj result One case rifcrred to is Dewy Shamrock the inline of Mr \V k thomsons imported brood bitch , but the becond case is more objectionable still, a dog by Bashful loe having been named Master Joe the name of the well known sire whose progeny nre running all over Australia, Basblul Joe, moreover, hoing an own brother to the ven table Muster Joe. Sill HWOOD PAW- MELIING Hie draw tor to day s meeting at Sherwood park took place on Saturday evening at the Mitre Inverti Omnibuses und cubs will run from Camberwell and Prahran stations, and cabs will also run the whole journey ot eight miles from the Mitre lav ern Bank place starting at half past 9 Hie first brace of p;re) hounds are to be in the slips at half past 11 The following is the drivving - um minim vv SPARES For 14 all ages at 4 guineas oach Winner £15 and plato v uuo 10 cumias» priscnted by Messrs James VI h vv all anti Co acioud, 4.10 third and fourth £5 each Mr Jos Quinn s bd w d Sir John bj Wall over Tempest tossed against Mr 1! I roser*« blew d Dutch Ov on by Cllistirllil I-Kew ltoso Mr L. C Lawford s r w d Bugle bv Overstrain Lady Audley, agst Mr S Willis bk vv b Windsor Lass hy llebillton-Hiady Monc) Mr L C Law ford s f w d Collins, by B F-Glen Oban a.stMr T Taj lor1« bo w b Truthful, by Bash ful Jorrj -Blue Look out Mr Q Whittingham s bd vvd Whcrnroon by Styx -Walting Mail oest Mr J W Clarke s f w b Ho pnntence, by Chester-llepriov o Mr U Patterson s f tv b Patcona bj Rebellion Westeria a"Tit Mr T M Bell ns I or r b Bashful Lass, by Bashful Jorry-Lucj Mr W Davis s bd vvd Tigris, by Moglolan-Hutsoy ogflt lion W M Culloch a i b Mary Mines, by Chester -Miss Watson Mr n Tatterson'B r vi b ratomra, b) Chester-I-ail) Mar) borough Okst lion IV M'Culloch a bk vv Ma) Rose, by Rebellion-W esteno. THE HOMclAV. STAkES For eight puppies, nt 3 guineas each. W inner, £15 , second, £0 10s Mr II Irascrt rwd Kew Joe, by Master Joo-Real Grit Noi , agst Mr. W Harpers r vi b Haytiino, by Harrington-tascinatleii, Oet lion W M Culloch al b Mangold, bv Dionisios 0 Kane-hew LU), Oct, »gat Mr T I.-anta f or r w d Gudarz bvOvcrBmaii-lJot) Jean lulv Mr c Label a bk it b I iniccss Ro) u b) bir Garnet or Gurth-Uritiih ( morea wbdb Weo Topsy, by Capital-Waving Water, .»ov Mr J Cookson a bd vi ti Pooi Jack, by The Majoi - Loo Bec . ugbt Mr C O shea s w bd d oir 1 "tlitl, by Master Joe-Uionzcwlng July Till VVII1TSUN1ID1- bTMvLS For eight all ages, at 3 guineas each Winner, £15 , second eO 10a Mr li Patteiaona r w d l'apacono by Chester lady Marti orouuh ngst Mr W l-ord s r w b I ady - bird by Isutln Vlautl Mr VI Hu. mau a vv bd d Gambler, by Jock UcirdLyo, oust Mr T Granta bk w b Grlsette, b) Damascus-Docy I nan lion W M Culloch a bk d Manlfe to, hi Tumult -Gazette atstMr II 1 rasers r vv b Ducheaaof Kew, bl Chcstcrllil 1-Iv*v 1 ose 1 Mr O \\\hlttlnc,liim« be b Waianlvva by Stix Wotor Nvmph ngst Mr T M. Bell na bd b Boshful Koto, by Bashlnl Jerr)-Luoy KORTI- GIPPS LAND COURSING CLUB (By Tu EORA.ii FROM OUR COIUILSIONDIAT ) SALK, SAremui The second meeting of tile >,orth Gipps Lund Coursing Club takes place on Monda), when the Puppy Stake, will be run The meet is to be nt the Clippcn lístate Mr I Munlny »ill nguiu ofhei ile ns judge The following is the rmult oi the draw which took place this evening - îeiTV si \ki s For 10 doga at Olio guinea each Winner, £S anti gold modal, presented In Muara b hqlian and Co , second, £4 til o dogs -.1 each Mr J Creaton a r ti Monte Christo (November, JS8.J), by Sir Garnet-Little I-ttio, n"_t Mr J Counl bau. rand vv d Prince (I ebuiary, lbbl) by Leo-Bow Bolls Messrs. Little and M'Lachtan a bit b bvvcot Briar (November, IbbJ) by Sty\\-I Ittlu Tottle nest Mossr» Carpenter alni Macfarlanes ttl/inimer iim(No\cin her 1S83) by Roy ii Middy-r-mivttto Mr It Gilder's f anti w h Uli in (Pnei-bci, ISS I) by Sir Garnet- sweet Lilian, oj,st Messrs Curp nter omi Maelarlmiea bk b beaton Belle (November lb__) by Royal Mlttd)- touiotlo Mr J Cioaton's f mid bk d Norfolk Lad (lilly l.M), by ¡voifolk-Minnie ug.t Mr J Cauuihauabk and w d Lancer (I -bruar) lssl) bv I co-How Hills, Mr Lamba b w b _onc) (October, lbbl), bv Prluco I copold-uni nown aeat Mr Jiiniea bwan b bd w d hiller King (November, lbbJ) b) bir G-rnot Rosebud Mc-sis Little a id M I aclllon s bil b Maori (Septem her, 16>_ 0 h) Moori lad- II), agat Mtsars bl eels ami Ross a r w ti Rocket (October, lb_!) by Jock o Lantern-Rechabite Mr M Focly'a bk li Miss M'Grath (Octobor, 1881), by Pat M Grath- Nolly Mi til, agat Ml 1 ¿Norton's bk b I uc) chumbera (August, 18SJ), by Magpie Lady bliepiiaidon Vleears Sheels and Ross s f d Rob Roy (September, IbaJ) hy Jack o 1 antern- Miss I ninia, agat Meaara Creaton on I Little s bd b beeret (.November, 18S3), pedigree uuknoit n HUN1TNG. Till! FINDON UAIUUEltS. The Findon Harriers met nt the usual ren- de/vous on Saturday last The day was par- ticularly well suited to hunting. A fox liad been presented to the master, which he de cided upon turning loose, converting the harriers for the time into a pack of fox- hounds, the result being the fmestrun of this season One of tile Messrs Miller was de- puted to turn the " big iollow" down, and accordingly unloosed the fox at the old tramway at Junefield. Ile immediately went in the direction of Epping, cross- ing the Darebin Creek about two miles south of thut township, skirting the creek on its west bank until Henderson'H lurm was reached 'lurning Irom theie, the Millpark Jistnte was crossed to the aqueduct, where the tox was ruu into and turned over There were about00 or 70 follpwers who took part in the hunt, including four Indies, one of whom was at the finish The " brush" was presented to this lady, and n move was mude for town, windi was reached about 0 o'clock FOOTBALL POUT ADELAIDE V. SOUTH MELBOURNE Tho only senior football ni melt plajud In Mol- li ou rim on Sam rd a) took piacu on ibu Melbourne <_iitke_*ground, wheru tho lort Adulai lu anti faouth Melbourne olubs mot Tho Porti v l>dtcd thin cit) in lb_3 and pla) ed throo match ty, two of whian, »oro lout and one drawn. In ruturn for u sludljr eourtes) shown by thu _>outh -U-trallon Association to teams \ laltiug Au-¡mik, thu \ ictoi Ian Ansorfa ti un decided that no othei senior match should hu phi, ed on the tuetiopolUnii «rounds on thu da_, of the Ualto.H upuihv match The declslou had u good effect on thu attuidancu whioh numbered about 10.0J0 people Tho Ports ar rived In Melboimiu on Motida) hutt, and commenced practico Iinnitdintuh, which wau continued through out tliu week, with tho r_>ult that the} woru lu oxcol lent condition on baturduv lurpcuny won thu toss for tho form and elocUid to ktok into tho w__toin goal Pla) wa» (¿timed, at a quarter past 3 bv Min Lhtn, who MuUcd of! ht plaou ol Lhns, captain oí tho bontb TaWoi got u mark in front, and kicked will into tho -south t,ual, but Hill defended and loliuved well Min-hin und Graves brought the ball doun tho south w.n¿, und Buslnll marked wotl lu front, bue H rook a and Pi cass ru hived their goal, mid paused the ball to Turnbull, who gavo it to'lawlor, in front J-hns and lilli sent It buck to tim ten tie, wliuro lurpeniiy procured and pavo it to Hov, who kicked Urne gool for thu 1 ort- Tai r_ and Grave, took it dow u tim cintre un tho kick oil, hut Cairns did a good run round the north ultu: awl wavo IttoJ i behind to thu Poits resulted Dou^hartj, -.PKnltfht, liUBhul, and Dickson br u_tiitltdowiithis south».nur and Unshed got a marl in fiout, huta cchbid waa all that wa-scored linchan Cairns, and hirkpitrick took tho ball round tho north wing, and Woods re lloved b3 currjimj1 it across his goal where ft went out of bounds _ oung u as ¿iven a freo kick for lïoblnson touching tho ball on it being throw n in Voungpas.ed ic to Uick-ou, and Bush oil marked from Diuk-ous kick, tho tosult of whluh was that first goal was scored for tho youth Graves and Mim-hiti brought the ball cbwn thu south whig, aud tho latter kle'tod a bohlud Kain, which had been threatening for some timo, now foil, but It did not matcriallv affect tho gamt On tho kick off Kirkpatrick and Cairns took tho ball up thu centre, huta was brought baute by Harper U'ludght, Hanmijsec and Jjushul who .narko i well, klokcd Into goal, whmu Douchai t> got it out of a »crtmmatru, and scored __comt c,otl (or tho bouth M Knight, Uougharty, and Minchin btought tim ball down tho centre of tho ground on thu kick off, and braves kicked another b_b.md for South Iho bouih followcrs managed to 1 cep tho pitt} lound tho tho I'oits posts, and Friend klUced fourth behind Plcass did A good run round tho north wing, and gavu thu ball too It}, whopa_-cd It on to 'laj lor, and third behind for thu Torts resulted lto> marked from tho Mc t off, and scored second goal for tho Pott- witn a kick that was 00 yards in louttit 1 Minchin and c>ia\cs brouprht it down tno south wing, wheiu tho bitter gave Hiern! a mark In front, and thatpla)ur kioked third goal for South Turnbull and Co ima tuuk thu hall forwatd, and Robinson marked in front, but tho half timo boll rang, and lils chance of scoring was bpollt Iho scores at half time w ci c-SouthMelbourno, J goals 4 bcbluds Port Adolntdo 2 goals 2 bo hinds. On play bein,' re-tuued, Kellett got thu ball and ,xa\o Cofteaaimul, but Hauno\ seo defended his goal and carried tho ball forward mid 1 Unheil scoicd fifth bo hind for South from a maik Cairns did a good mu down tho ocntie of the biouiid, but _oun¿ took th_ ball back, and Ueld \ rneurin¿ it scored fourth e^oal for tho bouth with a running lítele lu) lot scored a hu hind from a mark e.iven lum b\ Cairns faouth Mel bourne soorcd four bein ula in quit!, »utccssioii, which wuo khkel h> i_nmubur>. Dickson (two), and litibhull Thu loitimmed plater mai kui the kick olí, and .cored tenth behind bj hitting thu poifc Dickson ninrkcl neu the Ports j,oal, but Plenasb> a (,ood run defond_dt and hrouDht the ba.ll down tho north wiiu \\\h_i_. ruuibull j,ot it and passed it on to Uomnson, who 1 icked »t foruaul, and Ko> acoied third c,o_l for Potts In I ieking »lulu the ball was i oiling Hie I ortn bcored their fourth behind throui,h tho inatiuineiitiiHo of Cjlfee Did -on kicked eleventh uni twelfth and \ounrt' thirteenth behind for booth Mellimuii- Ibu pet j a^e 1 the hall to_ira\\_H who ganeit to Minchin and that pla) _r hit the posr this making South Melbmiueti t-cond piece of bad luck dining thu nnteh Ibu e\cit_ mentof the last attempt hal lurdlj mib_i le I, win n Grave, got a ni tri in fiunt an 1 hit the pot»t a"ain brooks and Hills mile e,ood runs down thu north win,?, and thu latter p.-.cd the lill to J I r\ who in turn poshed it to C I rv anl that pl_\cr t,ivo lío\ t milk in front, fi nu which resulted thu Poits' fouith ".OJ.I 1 o) h id ti us hcoie 1 all [out ¿oate and wa-, voci ferousl) cheeted b\ th_ h( ectatois Turnbull marl ed the lick off au I _cnt it forward to Kotmisuu who kicked in front wheiu C iret in tfleetm/a, mark -Was huit LIJA was stoppe I temporarily, und soui of thu bpectator- w cut into the tit Id foi thu put { ose of cirr> >"rî the injured min into tho pavilion, but to tho surprise, of all piL_eut Lollcu .stood up and ni ulna ¿ood blmt for v. >al bcorm^ idtli behm 1 lime was boon after called, thu rt -.tilt of thu g une bein,? South Melbourne, i L,uals 1 behiuds 1 on Adelaide i ¿oals 5 bchtnds Iho viaitom bent it.presenUtii _s weru llobinaoii, Cairns, íhooks, Hills Pleats hill i ttnek, Coflec, Hov Bushbv, and Turnbull, whilu Mindiiu, Young, M'Knl.ht Urns, Dou^bart), Uooda 1 irr), Himitvsee, daves and Uu hell pla. ed beat for South Melbourne Mr J Shan "ive eier) batlsfoc tion as Held umpire Iho 1 orts pli> their-ueond match this afternoon against tho Melbouruo lootball Club, on the baum g rou ml FITZROY V. GEELONG. These clubs met on tho Corio Cricket-ground on Saturda) afternoon, and piajedontof the beat and most exciting gamea seen on tho ground for .escral \cars pa_t. lhere waa a \<-rj largo gathering of spectatois considering the bad \uathcr, for dming the afternoon heaty «howers oí run fell Geelong won tho toss, and Kicked from north to south, with a lliflit w c-tctl> brou?. »retailing Ac the outset tho lltrroj placed themselves well forward towardB thoir opponents end, and after narrow!) preventing a goal a], al ti at them, the Geelong, through tho nj,_ncy of hearne} and Da\e>, carried tho hall awa\, and attacked tho ntzro) s goal where W Kcid, from a hin ried kick, .cored first behind for Geelong Hush i i iK- tho ball to the northern end, Worral! bj a sido luck, almost secured a gail, and for tho next SO in I nu toa tho bail travelled from ond to end, both Htzro\ and Geelong missing chíneos oi scoring Ultinmtilj the Oeelonu c tablinhtd themschos in the bitnoy end, «hero tho bill was sent from heriot to Collins, a&u-tn; to \\\ Reid, then to Ujan, find to M'Co\ who made a splendid mark lo vards awi> from the posts, and tho first goal was kicked for Geelong lu ¿2 minutes After some good pim during whleh a behind was obtained by keelo»., the bill wa. taken iway b> frtt/-0>, ami Cirroll missed an cast chanco of equalising matters another lim at goal h> Happlport meeting with a similai result Capital centre playuu ensued and agti» tho Uttlo marking »¿stern piovcd too much foi theíit¿ro\, for tho ball was sent to Collin* then to Kerlet, w Held, and M C05, tho latter kicking it atong tho ground and securing sceoud goal for Gecloiu MgorouspU-> wai bhown b> litzroj.nnd over} effort was made to score, half time leaving the ^aine as follows -Geelong, ÏÏ goals anda behind», 1 itzroj, 5 behind. In the second half Fitzroy ngalti attacked their opponents stronghold, and scored three bullinda before tim Geelong could io puUe the attack With creat perslstcno> the Fitzroy returned to tho combat, and placed with Bkill and cuorgj Despite thesllppcrmess of tho ball the} marked well, ran with Jud"uienl, and I uked withirreat precision Two gtodoppo-tumtits oloht»inmgi,oalswcrcmÍ8S-d hy Cvrew and Kapp port of the I it/iov and the "aum wis ma le c titi i * thiouji tin re oluto defence whnhtu In " had to ma e Tin- defenders of Gi c1 mg wer ( on píete!} overmastered ntl 1 Womit irmi alone- Ink uti liutKuItaiuu, i red fir t coil for 1 it to\ Witt I i llvo minutes Carew Mom a phccll-1- ii iron, equalised matters There win mun« c\citcnient tor the next fen minute* Hi« ' Inn,'back piojera being hard!, pre.««,, and when t me waa called the Kamo stood-I it?rov Spoil* 11 bellin!* Or lonq- ¿troll-? 10 brhuulri Mr H Wilson nudo a splend d central umpire Tho superior pla} of tho Htzrot team was the mhject of fat ourablo comment. After the mltch ttuliUnj platen und fêterai of the leading mun hers of the club, vue entertained u_ dinner at tho \ictorU Hotel MELBOURNE V. BALLARAT IMPERIAL. A initch between the Melbourne Club and Uallaiit lui] trial Club took place on tho Saxon ground, llallarat, on Saturday and drew a larc, o utttmluncc of bpectntor* In the flr^t hilf the Melbourne team I lived a i,ood traine Carroll, Coll» v ind ono or two othen doing "roil benlee The liai lint Imperial, hovvevci b ored the .list 2 goiN, but lu the »ccuim hilf the Melbutinu Club bpeedilv c m ill e I in itt i* | lhe visitor« then plated .omewhat looselv, and tho , Hallarit bv \»tj *n art work *utece le 1 In scoring | 4 muru e.oala in sm i s«|on, tho JJal arat Im\ erial, 0 toa'* 11 behind, , Melbourne, 2 goals 0 behind. ESSENDON V. SALE (23). (Bt TriFoiiAiii Ï-¡WA Out CoutiKsrosni'vr) SAT I S .Timm The foolbill match J-sscndon t -J of ^alc and dis triet wa.s won e i-il} li} I-hendon who l Ic^cd 0 goals 1_. behinds n^iii-t the PiiUiei" eS 1 uund» The following matches were also played on Satur- day :- Young Australians, 1 goal 19 behinds v. Elgin Union, 1 behind ; Malvern 10 goals 24 behinds, v. Ithica, 1 behind ; West End (second), 5 behinds v. Ellesmere, 3 behinds ; Riversdale, 1 goal 9 behinds, v. Grace-park, 1 goal 5 behinds. St. Kilda, 4 goals and 20 behinds v. Caulfield, 2 behinds ; St. Kilda (second), 3 goals 13 behinds, v. Caulfield (second), 2 goals 9 behinds ; Hawksburn 7 goals 10 behinds, v. Brighton, 4 behinds. St. Kilda Royal, 2 goals 9 be- hinds, v. South Yarra (second), 3 behinds ; Evans- dale, 2 goals 18 behinds, v. Moonee Ponds 2 goals 8 behinds ; Hotham (second) v. Fitzroy (second) won by the former by 1 goal 15 behinds to 6 behinds, North park (second) 2 goals 23 behinds, v. South Melbourne Juniors (second), 2 behinds ; West-end, 4 goals 24 behinds, v. Melbourne Standard, 1 behind ; Southern Cross, 4 goals 10 behinds, v. Union (23), 3 behinds ; Brunswick, 2 goals 16 behinds, v. North- cote, nil. The following matches are arranged for to-day :- Melbourne v Port Adelaide, on M.C.C. ground.- Tliu folluwlng will lupiesent Molbourno - Aitken (c.ptaln( Allleck liulliu ltrataha},Caiioll,Clmmpiûn, toul-oii (¿) Collie, l-niki, Harry, Moss, Morrión, M'Crind Ham, Propsting, Hush (tico ciptain), lto hlnson (2) Spooner, blub, liickíi.hl, TaWoi, and Willis Union Jack \ Geelong Second -On South Mol baunio cricket giouud, play to start at -0 minutes to Hhharp } Clarendon \ La.teru lilli, ou the Scotch College ground BRITISH ASSOCIATION RULES A match was played between the Richmond and Prahran clubs, under tho nbovo rule», on tho Ii le h mond Crickot ground ou baturday last, this being the first much in tho second round for tho George and George lioph} A j,oudl} number of thesupportoih of each club musteied on this oecnsion Sorb}, the HI dimond laplaln, won the tos*, and elected to dofend tho northern goal l'rdnin defending the rallvva} gua) Prahran kicked otf and lushed the ball up to the Richmond puait*, but Hoibv j ut in uno of his long Kioka and r vised tho siege Howard then got hold, and p.i__iiig tu ¿I Callum the} threatened tho Prahran goal Gibbs, however, bt BOIIIO bplcndid pla} lullet ed his coal of tho impending danger, and ching the hall to II Dunbar, on the loft wing, ho modo ono of the littest runs of tho da> right up to tho Hichmond post-i, and pi.-dng to tho centro» a kou.1 should hato buen ex.urcd, but iaj: gart missed, thu ball going behind Ljdlnrd kicked oil, and some git c and take pi t> w as indulged in, tho bill travelling all over the lied K foul was next given against the Hichmond Mal/u was entrusted with thu kick, and put tho batt vvull in tho Loal mouth, and Ljdlnnl allowing it lo touch him and bouueo thioujdi Prubi an thus Bcourtng first* Hichmond kicked, oír, and some nice passing waa in dulgud in hy Wore, Howard and M'Callum, who took it right down to tho Pi abran goal, but it was returned bj A Scott M'Cullmn than got a hold, and making a neat run and shooting well, kicked ilr_t goal for [Mahmoud, thus equalising the score Prahran kicked of!, and U Dunbar, who was pla} tag a splendid gama, intaded tho lliehniand tor rltor}, and, with u long straight kick, .coined secoud goal Half tuna was call oil shortly utteiwauls, thu scoro then s tan ding-Prahran, 2 goals, Hichmond, 1 goal on the resumption of play Hichmond pressed tho Prahran for a time, but ovoiitually Gibbs again savod tho Prahran goal lho Prahran forwards thoa returned the compliment bv -onie will judged pa..iiig, but nothing caine of It. tile ball going bohind 1 rom thu kiak oil borby got bold and made ono of lils dash ing i uns up the right, and, conti ing well to Howard, thu latter made a floree shot, but H beott plnoed the ball at laggart's feet. Ho paH&.d it on to IL Dunbar, and ho to his brother, tv ho shot it neatly thioiigh tim goal, thus securing tho third goal for tim Prahran amfdbt tho Uiuatusbu-eltuuieiit Hlohmoud kinked oiT, mid Sorb} uj,iin distinguished hlmscli b> another grand run and judging well bv a sploudid «hot«cored .econdgoal foi Hiehmond Kleitud by l'ralniiu, thu ball tratolled nil over the lleld, butt no fui thor goats wero seemed b> either team Prahran thus gaining n well earned victory of thrco goals to Hiohmonds two It is only lair to tit tto that Prahran duiln^ tho first bait of the gama pla) ed with nine men onl}, und in thu second half with 10 men, which makes their victor} all tho moro decisive, as Hi.htnond pla} ed thn full com pie mont of 11 mun throughout tho game Gibbs, li Dunbar, bcott, and Almond played tho best foi Prahran and borbj, 11'Callum, Ue-iu, Parkinson, and Howard showed tho best foi m for Hichmond A match will bo pla)ed this afternoon on tho Warehouse nun s Cricket ground, fat Kilda road, between tho tallowinj: Kti.llsh and Scotch teams rho kick of. takes placo at 8 p in prompt Ladies admitted free The following aro thu teams - England (Ked and lilaek) -Liddiard, goal, Milling ton and luuuielli?, backs, Walker and An ison, half backs, Gregor) and Fisher, light wing, Almond and U, lieeaoti, eui it ros, Hobbins and Gibbs, left wing, rescues Moholson, I\ Uce.ou, Whariiigton, and li li bmitli Seo-huid (Blue) - fcPAusland, goal, M'Dougall and r &| once, backs, Boyd and Law, halfbacks H Dunbar and W Spence, rl^htwing , MaoDonald mid Graham, centres, M Gillum omi Gibb, left wing,rescrvos.W andii Christie, APKinla) and Alontcutli ltufurco.Mr H Soott (Now Zealand) LACROSSE UOUUNAMENT. Alacrosso touinament amongbt tho leading olubs of tho moUopolitan dWtriet was held on baturda) afternoon, on tho East .Mel bou ni u CHoket ground A good deal of intercut wau) taken In the tournament by lacrosse pla) era and their friends, but thcattcudancu of tho publia was limited Kour clubs vvcro onganed in tho contest-, munel),tho Melbourne, Collingwood South Melbourne, and Uohemiaus The tournament was decided in heats, three quarters of an hour being allowed tor each heat and lu order that lhere might bo II nal it) lu tho afternoons play a committeuof three reforeos was appointed to award the victor) in any heat In which no /oalvvoaobtairicd to the side which, in their opinion, had shown most merit Tho first heatwosbetween thuMolbournoand Collingwood clubs, tho respectivo teams being comprised a. follow -Mel bourne-Leech, Coven«}, box (three), Clover, Harpei, Howell, Goldsmith, >orcott, ltu)nolds, Skeldon, and Stattcr Collingwood-Uatchclor (two), Colo (two), Coombs, Cattaeh, Daniols, 1 arr, Gregor, llutohiaou (two), Lough, and Moot o Soon aftei the start of the pla) Collingwood showed to best ad van tage, and SUN oral times ituwl) obtained goals Once thoy hit tho poat Melbourne then wanned up and got tho ball aw a) bomo \ory eood pla) took place hi thu centro of tho ground and back anain ton arda tho Melbourno goil, wnich was close.) bebiegcd b> Collingwood, but without success. In the ml Idlo of the heat ends were changed, and Melbourno m ad o several reall) flnu attitoKs on tho Collingwood goal, butcould not score The Collingwood team was, how over, noticeable tliiou"rhout for the cleverness which tho men dbplo) ed in picking up thu ball and c.ctttnn it aw a) Towards the cloie of thu boat the gamo was ver) oxclthigjGoldnmith, lox, and Stutter, of Melbourne, and Cattacb, Colo, sen , and Hutchison of Colling wood, yeto tho pti)en who mont di_tin"ul-)hed themselves Tho referuoi mut immedlatcl) after the heat was o\cr, and at onco awarded thu victor) to Collingwood Tho second heat was between South Melbourne and tho liolieuiiaris, the teams lu-ing- a. follow -South Molboumo-AngiiH, lhlsborrow, Davies Lvans, 1 rosoi, Gordon (r>) Henderson Honte, und Wisbait Dohemians-Narela), Hatte t tiradle v. Callwell Coghill Lv Hie, Iraker, Hamilton Mon tajuc, M llarg, Pearson, Ultchlu, and Wiisau Iho Ltohunhn. did not bettie down to their woik well for somo time, and South Melbourne, after closcl) be sic-ring their opponents goat for about 10 minutes, put thu ball thiough ami obtained tho first scoro of thu al ten i non lim goal was made by W Gordon Uctterplay was then shown by the iïohomians, who several tunes got tie ball near goal Sou'h Mel bourne, howevur rallied, C and A and G Gordon bein^ speciall) notleeable for their actlvit) and usefulness _ second },oal was thrown ti) A Oor lion lu tho lattoi half of tho heat the Bohemians pla)ed a good (.ame, and secured a j,oal thrown b\ J frriser lhc boat concluded in favour of bouth Mel bourno b> 2 f,u il_ to 1 Charles Gordon did cvcullout benlee for faouth Melbourne 1) Ina long throw. Hie other pU) cr_ \ roinlneut on tho bimo bide wcio A dordoii at'acl in_*- ti Gordon on tho defence, and Wishart In thu centre Lorela) keptc,oal splendidly for the Bohemians and but foi lils smartness tho South Mell willie would Into obtained more goils On the same same aide tine pla} was shown b\ Bitten on tho def nsite, Coghill in tho centre Hamilton on the wing, and J 1 riser in ball throwing Tho final heat bctvvien the two previous tiotors-Col lingwood an 1 South Melbourne-waa most cvcltmg Nearl} all die plajcis vvuo kcit busih ui(,aj,od throughout in consequence of tho rapidity with which the ball wa. .cut up an 1 down and aiound tho ground Hu sides were very otentt matched, tho general opinion homg that tho Collingwood mon bhow ed most skill in stopping and picking up tho ball, and in playing to each other, but South Melbourne best in throwing It was thought up to ncarlv the last moment that tho re torees would hat o borne ditlloult} in determining which dub had won on tho merits, but immediately before Ii o clock, when the gamo was to conclude, 1 Angus tlitew n c,oal for faouth Melbourne, who thus won both tho heatand tho tournament Mr M Italic of tho South \arra Club, was the central umpiru, and gato full batihfaction Ino tv nncis bceamo tho owners of a handsome trophv presented b} Mr J G Barclay, and tho runners up received a consolation troph}, tho gift of a bupportir of the game LAWN TENNIS A match, St Kilda v .Nomads, waa pla}c1 on tho St Kilda ground on baturday Messrs Mooro and Hurlo (St Kilda) beat Messrs Ila} les and Aitken (Nomads) by 15 to 12, and Messrs Bliss and Edmondson (Nomads) b} 15 to 8, Messrs Cooto and Cramond (St Kilda) beat Messrs Bits» and Ldmoudson (Nomads) bj Iß to 4 and Messrs Ha}les and Aitken (Nomads) by 16 to 12 bt Kilda thus won by CO Rames to .0 A tonnis match was pla}ed on Friday at Goolong Toorak College v Goolong Grammar behool-which resulted In a draw each sido Bcorhu* 34 gamea. A Spraguo and S S prague (Toorak) beat Crabb and Matson (Geelong) 12 to 3, and tv oro beaten b} Mann and T}non 12 to 4 , Balfour and Cramond (Toorak) beat Crabb and Matson (Goolong) 12 to 7, and were beaten by Marni and Ty son 12 to ti YACHTING TRIDENT AMAJCCUH YACHT CLUB Tho second Junior raoo for the Chapman trophy and club medals was sailed at Albert-park lake on Saturday afternoon Tho following jacnts started - Hebo, sailed by Erlösenden .Navigator, by Culllford, Cvgnot, b} Gooree, and Wanda, by bturt As tho boats got the signal to go a nice westerly breeze was blowing Hebe let! round the first buoy, fo'Iowed b\ Isatigator, Wanda, and Cygnet In the order named. During the beat to the checkered buoy, Navigator got the first position, followed by Vv ando. After rounding tue buo), and during the run down to St Kilda, tho wind freshoncd, and when closu hauled thoy all had as much as the) could well carry without rcoXlng, N nn la w Inch w as short handed,hav ing the w orst of it. <>« commencing!tho second round Cygnet fouled 1K1 nid tho latter lot a good deal of ground In i uns que nee. C)gnet taking third nlat-e During tho rcmaiudir cf this round no othor alteration took placo In the position of the boats, but Navigator got ailuko of wind, whichgavo nor a long P-ad Opposite tho hnftthome Wanda went about toosoon, and C>gnct SU"L.1 t»iooj portumt)and j awed her On Uio third mimi tho wind fell condUiablv, ard no chango -.»kin., ii tee Navigator -core i a second win, a long wa) In advancn of Cvgnet Owing to tho foul with Hebe, Cygnet was di*oualific I and second placo "heil to Wanda, Hebe getting third KO WING. RICHMOND CITY ROWING CLUD The sixth and final of tho series for the Uramo and Turves trophies in connexion with tho abovo club was rowod on Saturdav afternoon over tho Itirhmond course In tho llr_t heat, Jacks (stroke), Welsh), Carnabv, M llreir) bett Mitchell (btroku), Uramo M hciuic, Orchard rather easily b) two length*, Harrison s cr_w having the b\e In tho final hoa$, Hirrison (strol o), Mulláis, fc-vans Orchard beat Jacks crew h) a length, after a vLr) good race Tho final result of tho fe-mu ended in J Mltcholl, with 1 ï points, winning the first prnto W Harri-on, 10 points, memd pri/u, and A Lariiub), nine points, third pn/L A Carnabv and \\\ 1 vans, with nine polnt earti tied for third place In the row off J Mitchell (btroku), Mulla!}, turnab) Webb) heat W Harrison (strol e) lacks, lîv ans Uulgear b) a leneth, altera « cr) exulting ritce, Cantab) thoreb) securing tho ti ii ixl priro The Minb^riiunn' Hawing Club scratch fours will bo towed ofT this o,ft_rnoon on tho biltwatur Uiver, over tho usual course, that heat to bo rowed at half past 2. BOW LINO A Welsh main will bo pla) ed this afternoon on tho Melbourne green, ^ame to commoncu at 1 o dook. Members of other clubs invited A W elsh malu w ill hu plav ed on tho U est Melbourno green this da), commouciug at 1 o clock Member! of other clubs invited 