THE MOVELSST. 'TOPSY TURVY. 'events, in. SMITH:.] AUTHORESS OF "TIT FOR TAT,' ETC, ETC \- CHAPTER IV. "Love is strong- as death." The night was sultry, and the stars were dim. lawn-tennis fell flat, and at Mrs Horseman's suggestion a walk to the pier, distant about a quarter of a mile, was carried with acclaim. As Judy passed through the hall in search of a wrap, she saw Major Tyler writing hurriedly on a scrap of paper, which he folded and placed in his waist-coat pocket. " I am waiting for Mrs. Beaumont ris," he said, as Judy approached, " Mrs. Horseman has placed her under my care, will you join us ?" " Oh, no," cried Judy not staying one instant, and looking back to finish her sentence, " you mustn't be greedy, one beauty at a time." " Mayn't I choose their he called after her, but she had disappeared. He went to the open door, and in a short space of time Mrs. Beaumovris joined him. " Life is full of. surprises," she said declining his proffered arm as she languidly moved towards the pier, "do you know you gave me the first supernatural sensation I ever had." I " he returned in a tone of indifferent banter, I so matter-of-fact and realistic, so throughly of the earth, earthy. " " I won't contradict you " she replied carelessly " but I approve of worldly people, they can look after their own interests, and generally succeed. They entail, as little as they carry, responsibility." " Creamy " he whispered, looking down on her with warm reproachful eyes " how bitter you are it was your own fault." " What was my own fault ?'' she answered, meeting his gaze with a wide-eyed look of wonder, cool and contemptuous. The Major bit his mous " That we parted when we did, said as we did " he replied hotly. "Parted !" she repeated with a low mocking laugh. " It is only friends and enemies who part, casual acquaintances pass on-, and that I think, we did. " " I understand," he said, his lip curling, " but lady-fair remember this, love's golden chain is strong, its links though dropped are never lost ; sweet lips pressed, soft hands clasped, warns looks mingled and fond words spoken, these do not constitute passion '." " No" she said significantly, " they remain stationary." As she spoke the entrance to the pier was reached, where they were joined by Judy, Miss Eber, and IVed Rawson. "IwasjuBt telling Major Tyler," said Mrs. Beaumorris, addressing Elsie, " that he has given me the , only supernatural sensations I ever ex- j perionced. I had heard he had gone j to Africa, exploring, and that he had been murdered, or drowned, or something of the sort, and here in this little out- of-the-way neck, he appears in the flesh. I have had to pace him _ through a crucial catechism to estab- lish his identity. I shall call him Pepper's ghost, I think." " What an unkind reflection," said Judy. They all laughed. " Shall I introduce you ?" whispered Mrs. Beaumorris to Elsie, and without waiting for an answer she did so. "I think we have met before," said Major Tyler as he bowed without looking up. "I did not know that you were in England," she replied, drawing her veil down, but only Judy noticed the white quivering lips. The party then, in straggling order, proceeded up the pier where Frank Horseman was preparing to turn ' as he expressed it, his Catherine wheel. In the applause that followed the boy's successful venture, Judy noticed Major Tyler, inadvertently as it were, approach Elsie, who was standing apart by herself, very quiet and abstracted. The only sign she gave that she saw the brilliant scintilla was a start at the acclamation that followed, and a few feeble claps of her hands, but a close observer, which Judy was, could see that the action was mechanical. Quietly as the Major moved Elsie felt his approach. She drew her wrap closer round her neck, sinking the lower part of her face in its folds, and steadied herself to statue-like stillness. " You have dropped something," he said as he stooped down by her side, then straightening himself he gave her a piece of paper, which she received without remark. Judy fascinated fixed her eyes on Elsie's face, which by the light of the gas lamps she could see distinctly. " I wait your answer, he whispered, and as if con- strained Elsie opened the paper and read it. " Very well," she said in a harsh, sharp voice, " I will." He did not move. with an impatient gesture as one in pain she raised her hand and turned the palm towards him. " Elsie." '* Silence" she said in a low hollow tone, with an outward motion of her hand ; then without a look, but with a dignity that seemed to Judy's eyes to me a key her tower above, what she read to be the deprecatory figure he- leave her, she glided away and slipped her hand into Mrs Horoomati's arm, "Vi by Elsie you are tired " said Mrs I'lorsemau. "I forgot your journey to day." madam ATadoc had sung: her splendid best, Judy had warned her BY eeles t of ballads, Airs Beau morris had graciously posed and languished from various coign of vantage to the utter bewilderment of the vandyked contingent, before Mrs Horseman, approaching Elsie who was seated in a quiet comer talking at intervals to Mr lawson, whose observations were regulated in their pertinacity by Judy's movements asked.- ? " Are you rested enough to give us something dear ?" taking her friend's hand in hers, "something simple, something that went tax you too much." Elsie rose instantly, gently smiling compliance. " That is the. great reciter Miss The right of publishing "I Topsy Turvy " in the Australian Colonies has been purchased by the proprietors of the West Australian. Eber," whispered Mr. Green, one of the Sandycot curates. " What, that little atom," returned Miss France, a tall stout female with a remarkably curved neck. °~~~Sf'"SZ " Little " exclaimed Miss Turner is a slight spiral girl, who affected mind, " why she is great, grand. Look at her eyes, they lift her off the ground ; call her little." " There certainly is something about Miss Eber," timidly observed Mr. Green, " that gives one the idea of loftiness." " M ly be so," and Miss France sneered, but I am afraid I am dis- pressingly matter-of-fact. I don't mind betting you in gloves of course, that she is not one inch over five foot two." "Measured by vulgar flesh" said the spiral young lady twisting round, and fixing her eyes for a moment with I vicious point on Miss France's lavish | award of that substance, " I doubt if I she is even that, by her soul she soars above inches " Mr. Green had a keen sense, if not of actual humour, yet of the ridiculous, and he laughed. Miss France arched her neck with a forward jerk of the chin, and put out her foot with the action of a horse pawing ; she evidently meant mischief. But suddenly attracted by some swift movements at the upper end of the room, she and her companions turned round, and in the deep embrasure of the window, beneath the lace curtains snowy arch, they saw the subject of their discussion standing forward, and alone. Some of the lights in various parts of the room had been extinguished, others moved forward, and on either side of the slight figure, whose attitude and calm upward look told of concentrated and conscious power, a silver lamp with painted shades and deep pink fringe, had been placed. She stood, her slight hand poised like a white butterfly on the fragrant flowers on her breast. The piece chosen was '.' Tonuysoa's Victim." Her voice, almost to emu- loud at first, swelled into fuller volume as she proceeded, till it seemed to fill the silenced chamber with a' pervading and most musical cadence. There was little of action in the recital, which owed its force to the marvellous voice, and yet more marvellous eyes, " which filled with light the interval of sound." When she finished she slipped out to the balcony and joined Mr. Horse- man. " The poet touched a subtle truth, friend Elsie," he said. " A woman loves her child deeper than her husband." " Because she died to save her child," and Elsie turned her pale face to her companion. "0 blind of heart and slow to understand all that woman has shown you. It she had to choose between husband and son for a victim, with her own hands she would have offered the sun. A woman may have many sons of her youth, but only one husband. It was the sublimity of vicarious love she never thought of self." "There are a good many exceptions to your transcendental rule," resumed Mr. Horseman, not taking the slight cigarette from his lips. "I always avoid the exceptions she answered with a sly smile, as she made way for Mrs Beaumorris. "I have been avowing a heresy according to Miss Eber " saddle Horse- man addressing the new comer " I say that a woman loves her child above her husband. What say you ?" " I was never good at puzzles " she answered languidly, " the sort of love one sees on the stage is very exhaust- ing ; life is too short for anything stronger than affection, very strong emotions are vulgar. But I suppose if it ever did come to a question of affec- tion, which is not likely, in real life, the child would carry the day." Ignoring the offensive points of this speech Elsie said, " we have three pre- sumptuous persons answering a question out of our power to determine. I have no husband, Mrs Beaumoms no child, and Mr lioi'S8uiau is not a woman." " My experience as a legislator taught me," said that gentleman, " that abstract questions were always best answered by those who knew least about the matter is practice. The finest speech I almost ever listened to, was on patriotism, by an Irish member of the government, whose boast it was that he had not set foot in his native country for twenty years, and yet he drew a large income from his estate there." " Not a case in point," said Elsie, " the sister kingdoms are so nearly allied, a man simply born in Ireland, hue reared in England and solely by English people, may be excused for haziness about his nationality, or I should say, for running one into the other as it were." " I can forgive an Irishman trying to get rid of his nationality," observed Mrs. Beautaiorris. " An Irishman who does that," said lied Lawson, who had joined the little group, unnoticed, "and who claims, adventurously an English habitat, a citizenship, in a state foundling." " He can never shake off race," said Elsie, " that is presuming he is not a mongrel, and even then the characteristics of his combination will cleave to him, with inalienable per- tinacity. It is said that hybrids in- herit the most distinctive evil qualities of their parents." " I hope my parents were not very wicked," laughed IS ed, " for my mother was Irish." " The House," Mr. Horseman always called Parliament, the House " would be very flat without the Irish element." " There have been some grand Irishmen in Parliament, observed Ned. " Tes, orators, propagandists, and patriots too, proud of their nationali- ty but," and Air. Horseman as if to give force to his words threw away his half- finished cigarette with a conclusive gesture, " but not c no states- man." " Castlereagh !" exclaimed Ned. " £10 statesman, and no Irishman in the sense of race." " raiai'ifáiou" put in Mrs. Beau morrb, " was an Irish § or." " i'aimersitüu!" said Mr. Horse- man, " a thorough Englishman in blood, in every attribute-a representative Englishman in fact. The Temples were Saxon early before the conquest," " I think," said Elsie, who had a quiet way of putting things that suggested knowledge and authority, " I think Sir Charles Dilke in his Greater Britain was right, and that the soil has much to do with race. He says, that the white race who had taken the place of the aborigines in America, are gradually also taking their physical type, and that he believes in course of time they will become Red Indians." " Now Miss Eber," exclaimed Mrs. Beaumorris, posing so as to display her liberal charms with anything but oriental reserve, " do you mean to tell me that even ' cycles of Cathay ' could have made me a Chinese." "You are a ' celestial ' nevertheless, said Mr. Horseman with an admiring bow. "They might have made you a Tartar," said Judy who had come on the scene unobserved. Every one laughed, even the beauty smiled, but she was not to be so silenced. " And what would cycles of- Cats day have done for you ?" she asked of Elsie, still. " What cycles of every land, but our own have done," she answered proudly, " left as we were." " And, that, what was that?" The words tripped from Mrs. Beaumorris's lips airily, but incisively, insolently, Judy thought. " Hebrews " was the answer given in a voice of proud disdain ' On and Mrs Beaumorris opened her eyes as if disagreeably surprised and then apparently disgusted with the subject, she returned to the draw- ing room. " Did you notice whispered Ned to Judy " she wanted to make Elsie in accordance with her own theory squalid savage 'Oh ! Judy, I am so glad you are not to ' real beauty' you'd have been so vicious." "I wonder who gave you leave to call me Judy," she answered, "I've come out now, and I must say you're not very gallant." There was a poet in the sweet mouth, but arch fun in the eyes. "I mean beauty by patent you know," apologised iSTerl- "I hate beauties and husbands get so tired of them." 'Lffow odd " she said, " now I dote on handsome men, particularly when over thirty and dark. They remind me of the old Paladins and Cru- saders, and Chevalier's. Don't you think Major Tyler singularly hand- some," she spoke with a little gush, Ned could see it was put on. " Singularly so " he replied gravely, " but wives get so tired of handsome husbands." "Thou what a faithful wife you'll have, Ned," she whispered, and tripped off to Mr. Horseman's side. " Oh no Mr. Horseman," Elsie was saying, " I only adopt Sir Charles's theory in part. Race is race to the end of time; but I think the physical characteristics may undergo some sort of transmutation in course of generations. The surroundings, traditions, habit of eye, atmosphere, food, all must insensibly mould, as they mould- ed before upon a certain model, how given or conceived, who can tell." " Well " said Mr. Horseman, " your theory would account for the seeming change in the characteristics of Saxon families who, -ara.-now-thoroughly" Tosh, modern Irish, in temperament as well as physique. In this way Lord Palmerston received his airy lightness of disposition, his espiegle rise in fact, in all else he was Eng- lish." " Yes " said Judy, who had always something to say in every discussion, " and naturally so, for not so long ago it was the custom of the Irish gentry to give out their children to the peasants to nurse, not taking them back till they were two or three years old, just as they do still in France. I remember uncle John, Mamma's uncle, he was a navy surgeon, telling me that he had been given out to nurse in that way to Tipperary, his father was Irish, and I always used to think him so like a fine mealy potato, a regular 'smiles,' always at bond, happy-go-lucky, good-natured and homely, and I know he was very fond of whiskey." "That is conclusive" cried both Mr. Horseman and Elsie, returning to the drawing room, the latter adding. " I think Miss Aylmere not very an Irish herself in some of these qualities, barring the whisky of course," and she smiled at Judy one of her rare sweet smiles. Judy's heart was won from that moment, and for a wonder, she had not a ready answer. CHAPTER V. " And the creek's heart lies cold." Whispering a hasty goodnight to Mrs. Horseman, on the score of fatigue, Elsie glided almost unobserved out of the room, by a side door, but stopping at fastened to disengage her skirt, which had caught in the legs of an ornamental table, she overheard a woman's voice which to her ear sounded, a little querulous, say. " I'm very downright myself Major and I like my friends to be the same." Quickly came the reply, and scarcely knowing she did so Elsie turned her head to the side from which the voices came, and held the handle of the door a second before she turned it. She could see no one, but a lace curtain shading a window nook moved. Well she knew the voice. "Down-right! free-spoken you mean," said the Major in a low melancholy tone, " ¿/¿«¿except to a chosen few a pause-" I cannot be. I have often wished to tell you the story of my life, someday I will, for I know you will not judge me harshly. Oh Mabella but to find one faithful trusting breast on which to lay my weary head." The door opened, as if by sudden im passe it closed of itself with a slam which started the occupants of the wiïruûWAlook, and made the ' weary head' turn with a lively motion and reconnoitre suspiciously. At the same instant Mabella with a little shame- faced womanly dignity issued from her retreat, crying aloud. " A'e must be going, I wonder where Mrs. Horse- man is." There was another sharp stem of a distant door, an unusual sound in that refined and perfectly ordered house, but it reached or seemed to reach only one ear, for the company were one and all making their adieus, with the usual rustle, Hying phrases, and preoccupation. That ear was Major Tyler's. Then Seapinks hospitable doors closed, and the inmates retired to rest, The night was very still and sultry and the windows of the sleeping apartments were open to their utmost. It was the custom of Mrs Horseman, to steal from this quiet interlude of her busy life one precious hour' as ; she called it for solitary reading or I study, unbroken by the sound of had man voice, or foot, or the keen stir of ' Sandycot's leisurely traffic, oné muffled I music of the rippling tide stealing in on the blank sands, and the slow I chime of the church clock, quickened I thought and fancy, while it filled the I senses with an unutterable calm. To-night in her little sanctum, as she termed her tiny boudoir, leading out of the bedroom, she sat, hut with neither books nor pen in her hand, only a small lunar telescope with which she almost idly swept the heavens, now and again resting on a star. There was not a planet whose name and earth she did not know, on whose habitat she could not at once turn her lens. They were her panacea for the distractions of the day. But tonight her panacea failed her. She could not feel the ' sweet influence of the Pleiades,' she could only see that they were tangled in a silver braid,' there was unrest in her spirit. The friend of all friends she held dearest, most akin to her deeper nature, Elsie Eber, vexed and troubled her, for she divined by her rare sympathy that Elsie had a great sorrow, passion, care, or what it might be, she could not or would not share with her. For a little that thought parted her, but her nature was too large for narrow judgements, the spirit of her friendship too pure for one unworthy suspicion, or even the shadow of a doubt, it was her keen sensitiveness, with no taint of jealousy that suffered for her friend's hopes and fears she claimed for her own. Keenly she thought over every incident connected with Elsie that had come under even her passing notice that evening, till at last faintly as the first gleam of a slow dawn, a light rose on her mental vision. Elsie is standing apart in the gay assemblage, coldly regardful of strangers as is her wont. She turns, con- strained by as Major Tyler addresses her, not before, and takes with a frigid bow a scrap of paper from his hand. She does not even look at it, till apparently obedient to his lowly-uttered request she indifferently opens and reads. Mrs. Horseman remembers how she watched this incident with a sort of quiescent curiosity, attaching to it at the time no undue meaning, scarcely thinking it had a meaning. She remembered though being struck with the glowing splendour of the girl's eyes, and the more than usual olive calmness of her face, Then Elsie, to again a whispered request from her companion, utters some cold words and turns away, tearing the piece of paper into atoms. She called to mind, too, that she had glanced at Major Tyler's face, and that she had fancied, smiling at her fancy, that there was a craven scare in his eyes. " There has been more than mere acquaintance between these two she Sjiul_tojierse]fr '-I- do not trust that Iran.' Again and again she passed each point of this incident before her mind's eye, till once more it became indistinct and indefinite, in some such way as a dimly seen star in the far offing gleams and fades, and fades and gleams, till it seems to vanish, into nothingness The gas lights were still out on the pier which stretched out in a direct line from Mrs Horseman's point of observation, so that by aid of her telescope she could command it to its very end. The night, too, was clear if sultry, for though the newly risen moon was yet in her first quarter the heavens were ablaze with clear ta- pers without number.' In disquietude of spirit Mrs. Horse- man rose to retire for the night. For a minute she stood gazing at the pier with thoughts far away. It was not unusual for smokers, when the tide was full, to linger till the small hours at the extreme end, strolling leisurely up and down, or lounging dreamily over the rails, but tonight the tide was still in the far distance, and at such times the pier was generally deserted. As if to say goodnight to the placid scene she raised her telescope and levelled it a the pier, the next minute she threw herself into a low chair, and covered her face with her hands. "Oh Elsie" she said; "you might have trusted me." Then without even a glance out- ward, she half-closed the window, and retired to bed, but not one unworthy thought of her friend entered her real heart, not a shadow of distrust, not a jot, a tittle of disapproval. Now that she had discovered what was not meant for her to know, she would not specu- late again on Eric's relation to Major Tyler, to have done so would have seemed prying if not dishonorable, and as she laid her head on her pillow she whispered to herself " she will tell me all in her own good time." Sleep, though she wooed it, did not come soon. Unknown to herself her ear waited for a right foot on the stage, or in the room overhead which was Elsie's, some gentle movements j and long before her lids were heavy, so acute had been her unconscious watch, she heard a light trailing, and, like a soft breeze, on the floor above. Backwards and forwards it passed. " Poor soul, she is pacing up and down and suffering she thought, and then she fell asleep ; but the stars were charming in the faint dawn of day before the seas sweeping motion of Elsie's long trailing skirt ceased. Lou pledged me your word when we parted, that you would never judge me unheard, in the name of that pledge I ask you to meet me tonight at twelve, when all are quiet, at the end of the view. GEOFFREY:' These were the words written on the scrap of paper which drew Elsie Eber from her friend's house at dead at night, to meet the man whom only yesterday she would have sought the northeast quarter of the globe to avoid 