THE MAS SHE CABED FOR. Br F. W. ROBINS02?, Author ri ' Grandjnoaicr's Money,' ' Coward Con eciesce/' 'Poor Zeph,' 'Anne Judge, Spinster,' 'The Black Speck,' 'Hands of Justice,' 'A Woman's Bansom,' &c; Published ly special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK THE THIRD.— THE MISTRESS OF ILVERCOMBE. Chaftee XXX. — Fkoh the Past. That particular evening was scarcely spent snore agreeably by our characters at Hver ccmbe than by the two gentlemen whom we have heard in sharp discnsion at the 'Lion,' at Grayling. Agnes Challis did not find any great harmony prevailing at the house upon her return ; dul ness and deep thought, and much absence of real life were the characteristics of the place, she perceived. The vicar had gone back to his daughter, and there were only the Dauger fields left to welcome her ; and they did not . welcome her in the least. The old lady was steeped in dulness, to begin with : she sat Leaped in her chair, a lay figure of unpre possessing appearance, disinclined to speak, and disposed to resent the liberty of any one speaking to her. She looked -tinder her brows at Agnes, as our heroine came into the drawing-room, but no word of greeting or welcome escaped her; and when Agnes stooped, kissed her on the cheek, and asked if she were well, the answer in return was very far from satisfactory. 'I feel worse than I have ever done in iny life,' she replied. ' Let me send for a doctor,' began Agnes, when ehe interrupted her. 'It will not be the doctors, but the keepers of the madhouse, when anybody is wanted for me,' she-said indignantly, 'What has happened 'whilst I have been away to disturb you ?' Old Mrs. Dangerfield did not reply, and -Aggie glanced towards the widow and Estelle lor any explanation they might feel disposed to offer. But the widow was painfully attentive to a piece of wool-work in her lap, and Estelle regarded faerso stolidly that she felt the old love and confidence that had been so irn jJuLsively displayed was as impulsively with drawn. She could not guess the reason yet. though it was already-suggested to her mind; ebe knew that Hamilton fsedclove's movements had engendered distrust of him and her, and she was too ^proud to attempt to explain that — too weary herself of the day's excitement to tell the'wb.cile story, and leave them to de cide whether it reflected upon her dispar agingly, or -exonerated her from blame. And whose business '-was it save her own ? Who had a right in that house or beyond it, to regulate her actions, and call her to account for them? By what law of justice did they condemn her in their own narrow judgment and their shallow estimate {of her character? She was tired of them and of their little jealous world ; let her get back to the place she had given up for them assoonasshe could; her sphere was »6t theirs ; her thoughts were not theirs either, it would be better to get away. 'Yon have been harassed, I fear,' Aggie whispered to the old lady; 'if there is any thing I can do to help you out of the trouble, «r anything I can say, you may command ace.15 The wasted hand stole forth slowly from many wrappings and put itself in that of Aggie's. ** Presently,' shemurmured ; then she looked * toward her who had made such an unhappy match- of it with her son. 'Frances, play something. For heaven's sake put that horrible wool work down !' she cried, petulantly. The Honorable Mrs. Dangerfield walked across to the piano and commenced a mass in D forthwith. She was obedient to the old lady's commands that evening; she did everything without a murmur, but she was singularly quiet over it all, and Estelle was 'equally frigid to match. The daughter had gone back with wonderful quickness to her old 'demeanor, the faint copy of her mother 'which she had always Iieen to the ordinary observer, although not to Hamilton Beddove, or to Aggie Chalks. When the mass was completed, and the com pany by several degrees still further depressed, the servants broughtround tea, which was any thing butra festive meal on that occasion. There were a few faint efforts made to promote a certain amount of conversation, but they were dead failures. Young Mrs. Dangerfield at tempted in a flabby fashion to draw out her mother-in-law, who prudently declined to be drawn out, and to address her daughter on various topics, which elicited only mono syllables in response ; she even threw in a word or two, and, with an expression that seemed to convey that they were under protest, to Agnes Chains, whose answers were vague in eonse «joenee. Somethinghad surely happened during &er; absence from Xlvercombe,* 'thought Aggie, to account for this general' taciturnity — surely, it was not her fault, or in any way connected with her? She was glad when the Honorable Mrs. Dangerfield and her daughter rose to with draw, at an hour much'1 earner than usual ; she tvas nothurt at the widow's stately bow and graver ? 'Good evening, Miss Challis,' — and even Estelle's frigid repetition of the saluta tion did not wound her in any greater degree. She would- await the. explanation at a future period— the old lady might make it, or, presently, Estelle— till then there was nothing to excite ner ; of the inconsistencies and varia bilitiesofhfeshehadhad in her time— in her mother's. time— much sad experience. ? Frances Dangerfield and daughter passed .cut of the room, Estelle saying at the door, j 'I thing of sharing mamma's room to-night,' j more for the edification of the old lady than '? for our heroine, who turned to the fire with a sad little smile that did not, however, betray ' any {mortification of spirit. Bending .towards the blazing coal, and gazing into its depths, lormed, though she knew it not, a companion picture to the man at 'The Lion' inn, with whose thoughts hers crossed strangely at that p°riod. ! | i' Well— haven't you anything to ask me?' ; said old Mrs. Dangerfield, querulously, at last ; ; '?or are you going to be as aggravating as the j rest of them ?' ' Pardon me ; I had fallen into thought.' - ' What have you to think about, I .wonder, and to give you such a miserable expression as that?' -enquired the old lady. ' Was it miserable?' 'Very.' Aggie laughed a little tremulously. ' A girl should, not have a fit of * the blues,' grandmamma, at her first offer of marriao-e, should she''' ' He has offered to marry you, then !' cried old Mrs; Dangerfield, beginning to shake a little at the intelligence. 'He will to-morrow morning,' was the seply, *' he has given me fair warning that he tvOl caU with that intention ?' ' They were right, and I was wrong, after all,' mattered the old lady; '.they under stand this new- fangled word better than- 1 — and all the follies, and vanities, and paltry scnemings with which it is fulL It is beyond my time — it wasnt so when I was young.' ' What was not ?' asked Aggie. ' This paltry disguise of feeling— this affec tation of indifierence-^-masking only passion and intrigue in men and women, who might, with credit to -them, apt more honestly. I say itwas not so when I was young,' cried Mrs. Dangerfield, with great excitement. Agnes- Challis drew her chair closer to the speaker, and took the withered hands, not without resistance, in her own. ' You are doing me an injustice if you refer to me,' ehe said. ' I am deceived inyou.' ' Because an old friend hints that he wishes ane to become his wife — that, despite the past, he sees his only happiness in me.' ' Hamilton Redclove had no right to say that to yon.' 'Hamilton Redclove,' said Aggie, in only half-surprise, for she had half- guessed the misconstruction which had been put upon her words, and had been womanly and curious enough to attempt to sound it to the depths ; *'I am speaking of Daniel Overdown, of Bir mingham. ' 'What !' Agnes Challis repeated her statement. ' You were speaking of Daniel Overdown,' muttered the old lady. ' Of my old friend and protector — iny hard headed, soft-hearted, conceited, obstinate guardian, Dan Overdown,' repeated Aggie; '-what has Mr. Hamilton Redclove to do with meV 'Did you not meet .Mr. Redclove by ap . pointment this morning 5' ' No ; by accident.' ' He escorted you to Grayling ?' 'He came half-way with me; then Mr. Daniel Overdown met us.' 'Where has Hamilton been all day?' en quired Mrs. Dangerfield. 'I have not 'the slightest idea. I thought behad come back to this house.' „ * He has not been here,' said the old lady ; and you and he have not been together since this morning?'' 'No.' 'I knew I was right,' said old Mrs. Dan gerfield, triumphantly; 'kiss me, Aggie, and forgive me for thinking for a wnaeTperhans. that you were keeping me in the darkT I am not suspicious; but 1 ranees Dangerfield and that silly Estelle are-both of them. In some respects, my child,' she added confidentiallv ' they are a couple of cats. They are hard to please and easy to pain, and I shall not be sorry when they leave Ilvercombe.' *' Not «n my account,' answered Aggie, very positively and proudly ; 'I must be no object of dispute, mere or elsewhere. If they cannot think me honest and fair-dealing leave It to . time to clear me, rather ifcan *ake my -part against their prejudices. I am not afraid of ihere^gr«}dr^anana/' Sfcebowediierfore bead on the other's bosom, and a tear or two escaped her, 'which the old woman did not per ceive. 'I have fought your battle already — I have spoken out pretty plainly,' s&i4; old Mrs. Dangerfield, with great significance, 'but Frances thought there was a secret under standing between'you and her cousin Hamil ton.' 'Oh!' ' That you were love-making on the sly,' she continued. . 'Did she say that before Esfcelle?' ' Yes ; she was more angry than I have seen her lately, and did not miad what she said. Perhaps it was for Bstelle's sake, and to shake her out of that foolish dream of hers.' 'And Estelle did not defend me— did not take my part in any way — did not tell her mother what I had already told her about Hamilton Kedclove?' enquired Agnes hastily. 'Estelle has hardly spoken a word ail day.' 'Poor Estelle— so easily taught to discredit the actions of those who try their best for her, even if they fail,' said Agnes thought fully. 'And to be taught so by a mother. Well, well — I pity them both though. Poor women —poor women !' Agnes resumed her former position to regard old Mxs. Dangerfield more closely — more keenly — as with the consciousness of _ one who Ttossessed a clue to the thoughts passing in the other's mind. Mrs. Dangerfield paused, and made a sudden dash back to the old topic, and Aggie did not attempt to check her. ' But you are not going to accept this Daniel Overdown, child ?' was the sudden enquiry. ' I cannot refuse him.' 'You cannot 5' 'No.' ' You really mean to say you will promise to-morrow to become his wife — before you know your own mind J' ' I think I shall promise,' answered Aggie, a faint reserve at the last moment asserting itself in spite of her. ' He is not fit for you.' This was the dangerous ground of comment on which Hamilton had intruded and got him self snubbed earlier that day, but Aggie Challis did not consider the present speaker's remarks in the same way, it was evident. 'Yes— heis. He knows me and my life. And he loves me.' ' Do you love him ?' Agnes drew a deep long breath very quickly. She did not know — she could not say now— all her life of late days had become confused and involved, and nothing was as it had been before she had left the vicarage. Did she love Dan Overdown, of Prosser-street? — was the contem plation of life with liim the one bright spot shining through the clouds that had shut her in so long ? — was happiness to come with his love for her, his trust in her, or to come never in her life? 'Yes, in my own way, after my own fashion I believe I love him,' she confessed slowly, 'not as women love men in novels — but with much gratitude and truth. I am aware of his faults-; I see where they may clash with mine —but I know the sterling gold in his heart better than any one else, and, I would not be the cause of any unhappiness to him for all the world could offer me.' 'You think too much of whathehasdonefor you.' 'You do not know how noble and unselfish he has been.' 'You are more so, if yon think of becoming his wife because he took care of you -when you were young, and helpless, and suspected— and not because you love him. He has no right to exact as much from yon— and I will tell him so to-morrow,' cried Mrs. Dangerfield with considerable animation. ' No, no — if youdo, I will return to Grayling at once — I will have no go-betweens — I will answer him of my own freewill, and without anybody's interference,' cried Aggie passion ately. ™ You have made up your mind, I see,' said the old lady, with a heavy sigh, ' it's a great pity, and it is in too much haste.' '.' He is ina hurry — not I,' answered Aggie, faintly smiling again, 'he is afraid of losing me if 'he delay any longer. As if I were likely to marry any man save he who knows my life, and judges it correctly.' ' I had a hopeit would be this Hamilton Red clove — some day,' said the other. ' You had ?' exclaimed Aggie. 'Yes, I had.' 'Is it possible?' ' ' He does not love Estelle— he seeks you out —your position some day will be ? ' 'Don't say any more, 'cried Aggie, interrupt ing her ; ' he is a'lord's nephew, and I am a ticket-of leave woman! There is the social distinction which nothing can set aside, even if we were so unfortunately foolish — which is impossible — as to take a fancy to each other, even if he went down to beggary, and you left me rich as Croesus in your weak attempt at -restitution.' The old lady covered her face with her hands and gave a low, long cry. The instant after wards the hands were drawn down into her lap and held there tightly by her companion, and the fair face of Agnes Challis was resting close to hers. 'There, there, don't mind what I said just now,' Aggie murmured. 'You are sorry for a past which it is not worth alluding' to, and I am learning slowly to forget it and forgive it. I have been excited, andsaid strange things to day. May I go to my room?' 'Yes, child, yes.' ' Good night, grandmamma. I call you by that name when no one is by, although some times I think it jars upon you.' ' It is a name I love to hear you whisper to me,' was the reply. ' Good-night. God bless you, Agnes.' .As the old lady kissed her, both women were startled not a little by the sudden clashing of a hasty hand upon the window panes without. Aggie sprang back -with some alarm, and then, full of a new courrage, rushed to the heavy ' curtains and dragged them aside from the window. There was the night beyond, and the hurrying lines of snowdrift crossing and re-erossrng it, and a tall man standing without, as if waiting for admittance. Agnes could see his face pressed closely to the glass. ' What are you doing in the grounds? What do you want? Who are you?' Agnes called forth quickly. The third question only met with a response. ' lam Sam Challis,' was the answer, Chapter XXXI.— The Brother. ' I am Sam Challis !' A voice from the grave could not have startled the listeners more than that announce ment. And it was as if from the grave of the buried past it spoke to one of them. 'Sam !— back again, and— here !' ejaculated Aggie ; then with slow cautious steps she ap proached ths window more closely, and looked through at him. The old woman had turned round in her chair and was glaring in the same direction, as at a ghost for which she had been waiting. The man standing in the snow looked as ' eagerly into the room, as for some one whom he wished to recognise, and the light fell upon him with distinctness, leaving Aggie in the shadow. 'It is my brother,' said she to her grand mother, 'I may admit him ?' '? He may rob and murder us,' whispered the old lady, 'he never bore a good character — we know nothing of him.' ' Will you let me answer for him ?' said Aggie with her hand upon the lock of the case ment. V You are not afraid 5' ' No, madain. He is not here to harm us.' ' How can you be sure ?', 'J feel sure that this is one friend come back to me. Otherwise, he would have stayed away.' ' I dread him,' murmured the old lady, clasping her hands together in surprise, ' I fear to meet him. Let me get away before he enters. Please let me get away '' She half -rose to quit the room, then she. glanced once more towards the window, stopped, and sank back in her chair. i'i3emayconiein,'she said, ''Iwill see it out with you.' Aggie did not wait for her companion to change her mind again ; she drew back the bolt of the French window, which she pushed out wards to the night. The man stamped the snow from his feet before he entered, advanced to Aggie and put his arms around her, strain ing her with much rough ardor to his breast. He had recognised her even with her face in shadow, the tall graceful figure was the same, she was a young woman when he had seen her last at Liverpool, and time had not changed her to him — she was as he had hoped to find her, and he was grateful for the discovery which once more linked their lives together. It was he who had changed — not Aggie Challis. Standing in the full light, it was easy to per ceive that time had changed him for the better, and difficult to associate him with the half starved, ragged waif whom we have seen shivering in the streets of Liverpool. He was a tall, well-dressed man, with a bronzed, healthy face, and with only the keen outlook from it to remind one of his past — the quick, almost watchful glanc£ which had .characterised him when policemen were lurking at street ; corners, ready to be 'down upon him' at any I moment, if lie were not prepared to dodge them. He had grown a good-looking young fellow, too, and there was a brightsmile on his face which no one had seen hitherto save Aggie, -when he was a boy at home, and cared for home a little. And above all he was so Tvondrously like the picture in the dining room, that it was the first thought of the two women when greetings had been exchanged, and he was sitting down, hat in hand, between them. ' To think I am back again with you, were his first words after releasing Aggie from bis embrace, ' to think I have found you !' He looked very attentively, very; inquisi tively, at the old lady in the chair, and Aggie eaid byway of introduction — 'This is Mrs. Dangerfield, of Hvercombe, who has been very kind to me.' ' I have heard so already from Mr. Fayre,' answered Sam, 'at whose house I have been \- making enquiries after you, Mrs, Danger field,' he said, addressing her, 'may the brother of Agnes Challis thank you, as well as his sister?' 'Your sister has been kind to me,' mur- mured the old woman, sitting now with clasped hands and head averted from him ; ' I have done nothing to deserve thanks.' 'You- will allow me to take Aggie's word for it — for somehow,' he added lightly, touch ing his sister on the shoulder, ' and even at my worst, I had faith iu her and no one else. And now, madam,' he added, extending a brown hand towards her with a suddenness that made her shrink from him, ' may your son's son take your hand and say, ' Peace be tween us two ?' ' He regarded her very earnestly as he spoke ; he seemed studying her with grave intentness. 'You do not come here as my enemy Y' she asked, almost doubtfully. ' Neither your enemy nor accuser.' ' I never took heed of you when I was well and strong, and might have saved you from the Etreets,' she murmured; 'my pride was against all acknowledgment of you.' ' Times have changed, and 5'ou and I have changed with them. If my sister is your guest and friend, what have I to offer in return bat gratitude?' 'I don't know,' she answered feebly, -; it is all a dream to me.:! 'Don't let me wake you in a hurry then,' he said, laughing pleasantly, 'don''fc trust me too soon — I am still Sam Challis.' He sat with his hand extended still towards her, and she put hers within it, after looking at him furtively. 'How like you are to my lost Paul,' she said, 'it is as if the dead were coming back.' ' We will let the dead rest as long as we can,' he replied, 'they are objectionable company to the quick.' It was somewhat of a harsh reply, but the manner in which it was conveyed robbed it of any sting that it might have possessed if de livered in another fashion. He seemed at that time a man brimming over with good temper, and from whom an unkind phrase could not possibly escape. ' Why did you come to the window in so strange a fashion ?' Agnes enquired. ' It was the only light I could see shining in this big house,' he replied, 'and I had prowled round it like a wolf before making up my mind to disturb you. Mr. Fayre told me that Mrs. Dangerfield was unwell, and I hesitated at a formal summons at so late an hour. I thought if I could talk to you quietly to begin with it would be a better plan,' he added, almost significantly, Aggie thought. ' When I saw the light above the curtains, and the flickering of a fire on the ceiling, I had the instinct that you were here, and I came to the window to listen for your voice, which I felt sure I should remember. And I did — and impulse getting the master of me I nearly broke the glass as a start off.' He laughed again, and Agnes smiled at him in return, rather than at the subject matter of his discourse. He was in high spirits ; hi3 dis covery of Ms sister had exhilarated him. He ?was a man who took life easily, or with whoni life had become a matter of some ease and personal enjoyment. Agnes regarded him as a being whom she hardly understood at present —who had returned to England somewhat of an incomprehensibility, at least a man not quickly to be- read. ' You have not told me anything of yourself, Sam,' said his sister. 'What happened at Liverpool ? Why you did not keep your pro mise to Mr. Redclove, who had trusted you so generously with his money ?' The light left his face and he became grave, almost stem, on the instant. 'Ah ! what did they all think of me, Aggie?' ' The worst, I am afraid, poor Sam,' was the reply. ' How easy it is to believe the worst,' he said bitterly. 'How cruel, how infernally uncharitable .' And yet, we all do it in our turn, and no one escapes the lash but the biggest knave hiding in the background. '_ ' You have grown a satirist,' said Aggie. ' I have had a great deal of time in the far west to think out these little problems,' he answered, laughing again. ' You have been to America?' 'Yes.' 'And have been successful there,' cried Aggie. ' Oh ! I am very glad, Sam ; you don't know how happy you have made me.' ' Wait a bit,' answered'Sam Challis quickly ; 'don't jumpto conclusions, orread my story for me. I have not been successful, I have not been wholly unsuccessful. I am not a rich man, but I shall not be poor till I have paid my debts and set my face homewards.' ' Homewards ! To America again ? 'Yes.' 'I thought you were back for good, Sam,' said Agnes. ' That would be for bad,' he added enig matically. She looked at him enquiringly, but he drifted into the old subject withoat explain ing. ' I have come to England with three missions ; first, to see you ; secondly, to pay back two hundred pounds which I borrowed in Liverpool of a gentleman whose name I only learn to-day for the first time.' ' I am glad — I am glad,' cried Aggie, beat ing her hands together in her new delight ; ' if it leave you a beggar, Sam, I am very, very proud that you have saved the money, and are here to pay it back.' ' Yes, I shall be proud of that,' was Sain Challis's answer. ' And thirdly,' she asked, ' what is the third mission ?:' His quick glance passed from his sister to the old woman in the chair, sitting there with eyes distended still, and ears drinking in every word he uttered. 'That is a secret which time will reveal,' he replied, after a moment's silence, ' not I.' Chapter XXXIL— Not Quite Unberstood. Old Mrs. Dangerfield looked away from Sam Challis after, his last words and reached a shaking hand towards the bell at her side. ' I ani tired,' she murmured ; ' I will go to my room when Therese comes, if you will excuse me. Will you remain here to-night ?' she asked her grandson nervously. ' Thank you, no,' answered Sam ; ' I have arranged for a room at the inn in the village.' Old Mrs. Dangerfield was evidently relieved in mind by this statement. ' Agnes, lend me your arm upstairs. Therese is long in coming, and I am very weary,' said Mrs. Dangerfield; 'you will excuse your sister for a few minutes ?' ' Certainly,' was ;the 'reply. ' But as it is getting late perhaps she will excuse me till the morning also. I could not rest until I had seen her ; and having seen her, it will be a rational proceeding to say good-night to both of you.' ' No, Sam,' answered Aggie ; ' please wait a little longer.' 'As you will.' Old Mrs. Dangerfield responded to his good night and left the room leaning upon Aggie's aim. Outside the door they found Therese advancing sleepily and slowly, but the old lady waved her back again. 'You will await me in my room,' she said ; and Therese, aroused into a semi-state of bewilderment, stared at her and then turned. 'I vrish to speak to you, Agnes, for a minute, if you will,' said the grandmother. 'I am listening,' replied Aggie. 'All is a mystery concerning him, and he speaks in riddles,' she said with excitement ; ' we must not trust him yet.' 'I can trust him,' answered the sister of the man suspected. 'I hope we both can,' murmured the old lady, ' but the fear is on me that he is here to harm us, and I cannot shake it off to-night. '_ ' You must not fear my brother — you will not presently.' 'I trust not. How like to Paul!' she ex claimed, ' how dreadfully like the son whom God took from me !' They went upstairs together to the door of the old lady's room. Here they stopped, and old Mrs. Dangerfield said — ' Good night, child.' 'Good night, grandmamma.' '? You will never be against me, Aggie?' ' Never,' was the answer. V That comforts ine. Good-night once more,' said the grandmother. They kissed and separated, and Agnes Challis went downstairs to the drawing-room to find it wholly deserted. She was surprised, and, after one glance at the window by which her brother had entered, and the bolt of which was_ as she had left it, she passed into the dm ing-room. Samuel Challis was standing there with one of the silver candlesticks from the drawing room in his hand. The light was held up to wards his father's picture, which hd was atten tively surveying. . ' 1 think I see the likeness to myself which : cared the old girl so, Aggie,' he said as she came to his side. 'You should not have left the drawing room,' said Agnes ; ' you alarmed me.' ' Ah ! you are not used to me yet,' was her brother's remark ; 'I am a curious fellow. And this is my father's house, into which I step for the first time in my life. And, ' he added with a deepening shadow on his face, 'that is the father who neglected me and you.' ' ' Pray come away. ' 'I thought his picture might be in this room,' he said, placing the candlestick on the table, ' although there is an apartment in the house which used to be called Paul's study. I ?wonder, Aggie, what the father studied save himself.' 'Hush! hush! Sam,' cried his sister ; 'I ' have thought like this at times, but I have thought still more of the mystery to which his lips were sealed. Only a little while ago, Sam, you said it was very easy to think the worst of any one.' 'Right,' he answered ; ' let us go back.' As they moved towards the drawing-room his sister said — ' Who told you of our father's study V 'I must have guessed -it, 'he answered, with 'easy laugh again. Ms No ; that is not true.' ' Well, I have met some of the servants in the village this evening and asked a few ques tions of them, if you must know.' 'They will take you for a spy.' 'Not they — what is there to play the spy for in Ilvercombe? I learn a little news con cerning my father — is it not natural I should wish to hear about him and his life here? And yet all that the dolts can tell me is that the mother was very fond of him, and went mad about him, and is still fretting for hun.' ' I could have told you that.' ' You could have told me of an upstairs room on which the key has been turned sines his death, too — but v/ould you have done so ?' 'Yes, if I had thoxight you curious con cerning it.' ' In that room may be hidden the secret of our, lives — that secret which you lost your liberty in foolishly trying to discover for your self,' said Sam eagerly. , ^^^^ss .: ' At Chester— not here.' '?' ?~v«! ' 1 itf 'The man who lived at Chester — whom our mother told you of — is dead. The papers are not there/' ' Ha, you know that ! By what means ?:: ' I have been working for one end since I have been in England — taking up a clue first discovered in America,' he said ; ' I will tell you all some day, when you trust me as much as I trust you.' ' I did not have a doubt of you,- Sam, till you spoke like this.' 'Don't doubt me, girl,' he said laying his hand upon her shoulder gently. ' We are the children of a mother who was wronged, and we are fighting for our rights still.' ' I have the patience to wait — to endure.' ' I have lost all patience, Aggie.' '?Let us get back to the .drawing-- room,' she said. He took up the candlestick again and led the v.-ay from the dining-room, his hand still rest ing on the shoulder of his sister. There was true affection for her in Ins action, in his looks, in the very ring of his voice, but his heart was dead to the rest of the world in Agnes Challis's estimation. When he spoke of his_ mother, of her wrongs, and of the past wherein both had existed there came a strange sst expression to his face, on which the light died out completely. No ; she did not understand him yet. As they passed into the drawing-room, shutting the tdoqr of the dining-roorn behind them, an apparition, as it were, glided from a screen in the distant shadows of the room they had quitted, and stole with noiseless steps towards the door which brother and sister had closed. There, in the darkness on that side of the heavy wainscot, it took up its position and listened very eagerly. Chaptei! XXXIIL— Roused to Action. Brother and sister did not return to their seats together by the fireside. Sam Cliallis stood on the hearthrug, and Agnes, at a little distance from him, watched him anxiously. Within the last few minutes there had crept to the sister's heart grave anxiety, despite the gi-otest he had made— ^not so much a doubt of im, as ef the motive which had brought him to Ilvercombe, and the manner in which he might act at a future time. His face was hard and stem when the shadow of the past was on it; Agnes had observed that already, and marvelled at what it might por tend. She was a little disappointed also that it was not for her sake alone he had come to Ilvercombe ; the words which had escaped him had implied that fact too strongly, without his own acknowledgment of other tasks he had set himself — a confession which had quickly scared old Mrs. Dangerfield from the room. Still to survey him closely was scarcely to believe him a messenger of vengeance; there was a frank fearless outlook on his face that was not terrible to confront, and when he turned to Aggie his features softened and were full of an affection he made no effort to conceal. _ ' I think I will be going now,' he said to his sister ; 'you are looking fatigued — I have tired you.' 'A long walk to-day has tired me, not you, Sam,' she answered. 'We shall have time for much conversation to-morrow,' he said, 'and the night is slipping away confoundedly.' 'I should be glad to hear why you did not meet Mr. Redclove on the landing-stage at Liverpool,' said Agnes anxiously, ' for I fear he has always thought he was deceived.' 'That I ran away with his money,' answered Sam, 'it was a natural idea enough under the circumstances. Did you think so ?' 'In my heart, Sam, I believed the story would be explauied some day, but as time went on and you sent no news I felt the doubts grow stronger.' 'I was never a thief, Aggie,' he said mournfully, 'but I knew you must think me one until I could return with the money earned, to prove my honesty more clearly. The story without that would have been only laughed at.' 'Not by me.' ' By the others— Mr. Fayre, Daniel Over down, and the man who bought me out of England.' ' Oh ! Sam.' 'Oh, I have never been able to believe in a spasmodic act of charity to the extent of two hundred pounds pitched at a vagabond in the streets of Liverpool,' said Sam, 'but still he sought not to bind me to conditions, as he might have done. He_ trusted me with money before I was on shipboard too — being an amateur in deception, or in acts of benevolence — and like most amateurs, he made a mess of it.' 'Youdo not speak gratefully of one who ?was simply sent to help us, and who is above deceit of any kind,' cried Aggie indignantly. ' Do you know much of him ?' asked Sam curiously. I ''I know iie acted for the best,' said Aggie, ' or what he thought was the best in our service.' 'His name is Redclove, I hear, replied Sam, 'Was not the woman who supplanted mother a Redclove too *' ' Yes.' 'And yet a sharp woman like you sees no hidden motive in this charity.' 'I see a desire to help us in those who might have helped us earlier with better grace, lierhaps, but I feel certaiu when Hamilton Redclove came to Liverpool, he had only one idea — that of benefiting us.' 'J will try and believe it, ' Sam said more heartily, 'moreover this Mr. Redclove shall find roe not lacking inthanks when I i-ay him back his money.' ' Let me say again how glad I am you are able to restore it. I wish you had only come tack for that — and for me, ''she added. '? You will not say so presently, when God's truth conie to us — when — :) he. began with some excitement, before he checked himself, and added in a calmer tone, ' but we are a couple of parrots, Aggie, and talk too much.' ' We have not seen each other for so long a time, Sam.' ' And we used to trust each other. I; ' Yes.' ' Even .when I ran wild it was you who took my part,' he continued. 'Now I have sobered down and become a -respectable mem ber of society the confidence is failing you most strangely.1' ' Why do you tell me this again?' ' Because as suddenly and strangely I may want your whole confidence in me,'' he said earnestly, ' because I must have it.' He walked to the window as if these were his last words ; he turned and looked towards his sister thoughtfully regarding him, he came back and flung himself in the chair old Mrs. Dangerfield had quitted. 'Sit down, Aggie,' he said impatiently, ' I have not told you how I was .saved to this work— and perhaps it may teach you to under stand me better and to trust me more. For you do doubt me I' he cried once more, almost resentfully. Agues Challis sat down aud confronted him. \- ' I only doubt the wisdom of your next step, Sam,' she answered. 'And I was never wise,' he said lightly again, 'but a few words now — and then good iiiglvt. How the snow drifts,' he said, glanc ing towards the uncurtained window, which had been opened to admit him at an earlier l)i TO'1 Agues waited for liis communication very patiently, lie did not seeui iu a liuri-y to continence, late as was the night ; he sat looking at the fire as at a problem that per plexed him. His first words told what was in his thoughts still. ' No, I cannot imagine Aggie Challis, the mother's favorite, the girl who took her mother's troiibles so much to heart as to make them all her own, siding with the enemy against me. But,' he added with a stamp of his foot on the rug, 'I will not think of that. I am going to tell you why 1 did not keep my word at Liverpool.' 'Well:' ' ' A fit stopped me.' ' Poor Sam !' cried Aggie. ' I went back to the fiddler's den. Cupple ditch was dead, and he had been good to me living now and then. Once I should have starved without him. I wished to give him a decent sort of funeral and leave something for his daughter, who was a cripple. But she served me badly— she robbed me. It is a long story, which 1 will tell you at a more fitting time, not now. Whether it was the drink of the night before, or the terrible excitement at the loss of the money, or the coming on of a fever I had caught of old Cuppleditch, God knows; 'but I went down like a stone. When I came round I was lying in the bed by the side of the dead man, whom they had shoved close to the wall to make room for me ; it was past the hour at which I had to meet Mr. Red clove, the place was empty, and everybody was gone. They had all hooked it, and I was off my nut from that tune till days and days afterwards, when every one of you was think ing what a vagabond I was.' As he went back to the old times, to that old dreadful past from which, as by a miracle, he had emerged, so he went back to the slan-^ of the streets, as more appropriate to the scene he sketched thus rapidly. 'Well, the parish buried old Cupplediteh, after all, and took care of me,' he said. ' His daughter did not follow him to the funeral, -which was a trifle annlial ; but then there was a man in the case, and Nance had come inti money. And men and money together mak a women happy and forgetful !' He gave vent to his short laugh again, and Agnes said — ' How did you succeed in life after this dis appointment ?' 'The parish folk got me a berth on board ship when I was better— they weren't so bad, that lot ! — and I went away, never telling a soul about my loss, because I thought there was never a soul who could possibly believe me. I kept it all to myself, and I don't think brood ing on it did me any harm ; for when I was out West and found fliyself in harness and saving money — just a little — the thought came to me - to pay the money back at any cost, at any sacrifice, to prove I was not the ungrateful devil the world thought me. Well, it has been hard work, but I have saved the money in five years and a half.' 'Thank heaven !' 'There, that's the story. Is it a very bad one, Ag V 'No.' ' We shall be rid of one obligation when the money is paid, but I think — at least I will try not to think,' he said, correcting himself, 'that the Redcloves will be sorry when the money is paid.' ' Does the payment of the money cancel the obligation, Sam ?' 'If — but there, you fight on their side, not mine. I am a stranger to you yet.' He sprang to his feet, put Ms hands on her shoulders, and kissed her. 'Good night. Let me out into the snow; I can find my way home better this way.' 'And to-morrow?' 'To-morrow we shall meet again.' 'Do you know — have you heard — that Daniel Overdown is at Grayling? That he will be here to-morrow too ?' asked Aggie. ' Here? — for what purpose ?' ' To ask me to become his wife.' 'You have kept the most stirring news to the last, 'Aggie,' he said, walking the whole length of the room, and turning once again as if to reconsider the statement. 'Daniel Overdown, you say? — the man who tried to reform me, and failed; whom I could not bear when I was young, he was so very good, and I so bad ! And. yet he jms good, there was no sham about liim, and his was the first helping hand in the days of our collapse. Do you love hmi ?' It was the same question which old Mrs. Dangerfield had recently put to her, and she half shrank from it again. ' I — I don't know that I love him in the way a man should be loved who asks to be my husband,' said Aggie hesitatingly. 'Do you love any one better?' was the shrewd enquiry now. ' No,' said Aggie, after a moments pause. 'You will marry Dan Overdown then, to a certainty.' ' I cannot say, answered Aggie Challis look ing down. 'Ah! but I can,' he said confidently; 'I think he deserves you, Aggie, for his faith. And, if some day you should be rich — very rich — why, an honest man deserves prosperity also, and I will not begrudge it him, for one. Good -night.' 'Good- night, Sam.' The brother took up bis hat, opened the window, and passed out into the snow, and the sister smiled at hhn a farewell before she fastened the lock, secured the shutters, and drew the heavy curtains close again. She was the last up in the house, she thought, and she extinguished the wax lights — which had burned very low that night — and found her way into the broad hall beyond by a second door, not communicating with the dining room. There were oil lamps in the halls and corridors, and these she turned low as she passed to heraoom like a careful housekeeper as she was. The business of that long day was at an end, and she was very weary. What a day of incident it had been, and howthe world had stirred itself of late to keep her brain throbbing and her pulse at fever- heat. Three figures had marched to the foreground of her life that day-r-the three who were to influence it most — and each, in his turn, had dismayed and depressed her by all that he had said, though each had spoken of his faith in her. It was a day of many doubts, wherein she had been doubted, too, and where friends seemed vanishing away rather than advancing. She would be very glad to rest. Would it have been as well for her if she had been as restless that night as Frances Dangerfield, who sat within her room, waiting for the stillness of the house to assure her it was safe to act ? It was she who from .her window, and at an earlier hour, had seen the figure of a man stealing towards the drawing room, who had heard him admitted into the house, and who, believing it to be Hamilton Redclove — Aggie's lover — had stolen down stairs, when Estelle was asleep, to confound the assignation. It was she who had been amazed by Ham Challis's return — not Hamilton's — and whose religious principles were not strong enough after all to turn her from an act of eaves-dropping now that a new danger seemed advancing to her rapidly. Yes, a new and awful danger — she was sure of it. She had tried to live it down, to Set it aside, but it was beyond her strength, and the trouble was close upon her. This was no longer the incohrrencies of an old woman who might be going mad again, but the hints, the convic tions of a resolute man to confirm all that she feared and had tried liard not to fear. Still, she would not — could not — believe the worst until the proof was evident, and that proof was hidden in the sealed study of the late Paul Erasmus Wilberforce Dangerfield or it was not existent. She would like to know the truth of it— the whole truth. She would be glad to be prepared at any cost now, even the bitter cost of her own self-esteem. It was a temptation, and she gave way to it. To resist would have been saint-like, and alas she was only a poor, weak, sinful mortal after all '! There was not an hour to be lost — and when the night was an hour later by the time-piece on her mantel-shelf, and Estelle was sleeping soundly, the figure in the list slippers and dark dress once more stole from her room, stood in the shadowy corridor without, listen ing for an instant, and then passed noiselessly to the next door, which was a-jar, and which she pushed open softly. 'The keys,' she whispered to herself, as sl»e crept in — a woman roused to action at last, and a woman at bay ! Chapter XXXIV.— Cruel Tiicth. The Honorable Mrs. Dangerfield had not adoxited this unceremonious method of pro cedure without a sharp struggle with the conscience which she possessed. She was a woman whom a suspicious nature had made miserable all her life, and was now to render guilty, though in that hour she would have been loth to acknowledge it. Important papers of her husband, she reasoned — papers not committed to the care of the mother by any special trust — were hidden from her by one who had no legal claim to them, and they were hers by right of widowhood. Surely if these documents were likely to affect her in terest, or throw a light upon a past that had been always incomprehensible, or were neces sary to prepare herself against the future— to resist or to succumb to it — no one had a greater right to them than she. She could not leave it all now till her husband's mother died ; she should be in London, and these Challises would have her at their mercy if she were not on guard. The man who had come upon the scene like a fate there was 110 resisting, the stern fate, in which the old woman lying there believed, was no weak mortal to cope with. He talked of his rights ; he came as an avenger of what he termed his mother's wrongs ; there would be no justice at bis hands, and much trouble would ensue. Even .Agnes Challis had suffered imprison ment in her eagerness to obtain possession of papers of which her mother was aware; only she, Frances Dangerfield, the woman with the greatest claim to them, had been kept in the dark. She only wanted justice for herself, she thought ; it was not in her heart to steal or destroy the documents, but to be prepared for the nature of their contents, and So on an equal footing with those who might think it worth their while to deceive her. There was no one at Ilverconibe whom she could trust, she felt assured. She had reasoned out this theory long be fore the moment when she was standing in the room with he watchful eyes directed to the sleeping figure in the bed. In the time of action she was as alert and cunning as if such base business had been the study of her life. There were no scruples of conscience, no hesi tation now; she was as tirm as Macbeth 's wife, and as determinate of purpose. She stood in the shadow of the heavy draperies hanging from the cornice of a hu?e old fashioned bedstead, and listened to the fitful breathing of the sleeper, who was beset by restless dreams that night. She was cautious to a degree, and no statue could have shown less sign of animation, until the inutteriugs of the one distressed by sleep had ceased. Then Frances Dangerfield glided like a ghost across the room towards the toilette-table, and to a basket thereon, which she carefully inspected. Another pause, and the woman on watch turned towards the dress which the mistress of the house had worn that evening; crouching away from the rays of the night lamp whilst she searched the pockets. The clink of the keys— old Mrs. Dangerfield's private keys — sounded for a moment in the stillness with an ominous rattle of steel, suggesting treachery, and the woman in the bed tossed to and fro, as though half warned of felony. 'Therese,' she called, with startling dis tinctness, but_ the maid was sleeping heavily in the adjoining chamber, and did not hear her. Old Mrs. Dangerfield was accustomed to ramble in her slumbers, and Therese was not likely to wake and listen to the niaunderings of her mistress. 'Paul!' was Mrs. Dangerfield's next cry; ' Paul, why don't you come and help me !' For an instant Frances wavered, as detec tion seemed imminent; her hold upon the keys relaxed,- as this sudden appeal for help from the helpless dead was wailed forth in the night. When the jnutteriDgs of tfce pfeeper ceased again, however, the intruder was making softly for the door, with the keys held tightly in her hand. Another instant and Frances Danger field was passing along the corridor with swift, silent feet; the time for hesitation was over for ever, the goal was in reach, and the truth was close upon her. She had studied the house at Ilvercombe of late days, and every turn of itwasasfamiliartolier as to the servants. Her late husband's study was far away on the same floor, a room that overlooked the park land, and must have been a pleasant place for musing in the old summer days gone by, when Paul Dangerfield sat at his open window, with romance before him and passion gnrwing on him, and the misery of all its complications not ax^parent in his day-dreams. Since his death the study had been closed and locked, and had been only opened twice ; once to be vigorously searched by those who took in hand the arrangement of old Mrs. Dangerfield's estate, and once when papers from Chester had been brought here arid looked in the iron safe along with her new will. Frances Dangerfield stood before the door of the study with the keys in her calm hands. She had steeled herself to the ordeal, and was not to be dismayed by any nervous feelings of apprehension at the eleventh hour. There was a great task to be done, and she was on the eve of its accomplishment. The long steel key on the bunch was the key of the study door, she fancied, and she was right. The wards of the lock turned -with it at once — harshly and gratingly, like a lock in disuse — and the door opened on the dust and darkness of the room itself. 'At last!' she muttered. There was an oil lamp on a bracket haif way down the corridor, and the woman abroad that night went back for it, and returned with it hi her hand. She entered the study of the dead husband, closed the door upon herself, and locked it carefully. Now she was safe from intrusion, and at the worst — in the very face of detection, if it came there — she would defy them all, and assert her rights. She was in her husband's room, with her husband's books and papers ; and who was living to challenge her privilege to be there ? She had had a right here long since, but had not availed herself of it after her husband's death and her mother in- law's affliction ; she had asked no questions then, and had been too proud or too apathetic to be inquisitive. In his lifetime, when Paul had seemed to be content with fife, and she had trusted him, he had spoken of his room at Ilvercombe, and of the books which he might bring to town when tune would give hhn the chance and they were on a visit to his mother : but time had rjassed on to eternity with one of them, the visit had never been paid, and the study was almost as it used to be in his day. There was a close air about the room — a smell of mouldy furniture, old books, and musty papers natural to a place thrown out of gear and under lock and key. The blind before the window had remained undrawn for years, and was coated thickly with dust ; there had been no living hands upon the volumes in their open cases, or on the oaken table, where magazines and pamphlets of forgotten years lay heaped together ; cobwebs of strange length and thick ness hung pendant from the ceiling, one having been spun in a fantastic pattern from a bust of Shakespeare on the mantelpiece to an old bronze table-lamp upon a library desk ad jacent. The mildew of neglect lay like a pall on everything. In a corner of the room was the iron safe to which the mother had alluded, and the Honor able Mrs. Dangerfield had not stopped to gaze around her, but had gone at once to the object of her search. There was no sentiment from the widow in this chamber of dust and ashes — it appealed not to her feelings in any way. Paul Dangerfield was not a husband who had died in the honor of love and glory of fidelity; she had kept his secret without treasuring his memory ; she had respected his name, but not the owner of it ; in her heart this strong woman had never forgiven him his trespasses against her. Why should she? What was he to her after the discovery of his treachery but a blight upon her life, like the blight upon his room Bere? The evil he had done lived after hhn, and she was still on guard to fight it. She placed the lamp on the top of the safe and looked carefully over the keys, fixing on the right one bythenameof the maker stamped on the steel ring of the handle. The key turned, and, with an effort, Frances Danger field swung open the heavy iron door, and took down the lamp again to throw a light upon the search. The safe was nearly «mpty— *here was a nest of iron drawers at the bottom, and above them lay the papers of which she had come in search — a heap of old letters, tied round with green ribbon, together with sundry memoranda in -her husband's hand writing, secured together with red tape. Below thenn, and in a big envelope, unsealed, was the will of the present mistress of Ilver combe, but she was honest in her transgres sions, and did not care to open it. It was not her business until old Mrs. Dangerfield died ; she would not have looked at it then had the temptation been a hundredfold what it was. But these papers were her own, and had been secreted from her. Here was the history of the troubles and temptations of Paul Danger field— the clue tothe mystery which he had ever kept from her, and she had vainly guessed at — the letters of the rival who had supplanted her and brought about the misery of her life. She set the lamp upon the chair away from her, and took the first letter in her hand. She stared at the date upon the envelope, the post-mark of a time before she was married to Paul Dangerfield, and then opened it with untreznbling and unflinching fingers. ' So long ago as this, then, it began,' she murmured, as she bent over the paper, the first line of which was the stab for which she had thought herself prepared, but which went deep down into her heart. _ ' My dear husband.' The fair head — for Frances Dangerfield was still fair — bent at once in' horror and despair over the letter which she held. The cruel truth, after all, was too strong for the woman whose pride had outlived her affection. ' It can't be true,' she whispered rebelliously again ; ' he would never have been so great a villain as this.' She flung the letter to the floor, as though it had stung Tier like a serpent, and seized the papers which were with the letters, and the string of which she broke in her impatience. Her calmness had deserted her at last, and the papers were wildly scattered about the carpet, until she groped upon the floor in the dust that lay thick there, greedily collecting and counting them. _ One long strip of printed paper, with writing interlined, ' attracted her notice — the one conclusive, damning piece of evidence which had wrecked the mother's mind before the wife was struck down in her turn. She tore it open eagerly. It was the marriage certificate of Paul Eras mus Wilberforce Dangerfield, gentleman, with Agnes Chains, spinster — and it bore a date of three years before her own unhappy match. ' Great God ! — they -were married, then !' she exclaimed. She let the papers fall once more, covered her face with the hands which h&d; released them, and rocked herself slowly to and fro in her new misery. Yes, a new misery, and with it a new temptation and new Life. She wondered how it would end, and what would become of them all, even in the midst of the soul's agony with which her her woman's strength was vain?y battling in that terrible hour of her defeat. CHAITXH XXXV.— W.iTTIXG KOR HfU. The late morning dawned at Ilvercombe as if nothing had happened to distress the inmates of that establishment, and life begau to stir there shortly afterwards. The servants were down early, and old Mrs. Dangerfield3 waking early also, was found in her armchair in the breakfast-room by Agnes Challis, who was the first visitor to make her appearance. 'I did not expect you would be down so soon as this, grandmamma,' said Agnes, as she stooped and kissed her. 'I could not rest. I have not slept all night,' she answered, with that cool disregard for the real facts of the case which people mode rately wakeful invariably indulge in. ' Indeed ! You are not looking the worse for it,' said- Aggie, 'I daresay I shall feel the worse pre sently. Did you brother stay long after I had bidden him good night?' ' Not a great while.' ' It will take time to grow used to him. I wanted to speak to him before Frances and Estelle came down this morning. Shall I trouble you too much ?' 'No.' 'I don't quite trust him yet, '.said the old lady ; ' I have given him up for good so long — but I don't wholly distrust him, Agnes. I can't with that look upon his face, which seems to ask you for your confidence. If he should turn out an honest man I leave it to you to do the best for him. I can't leave that trust in better and more able hands,' she said kindly, 'and there will be enough money for you both.' ' Pray don't speak of this again.' 'Of what?' ' Of the future, which you say will leave me rich. I don't look for wealth — under some circumstances I would prefer to be poor.' ' Strange young woman, who would prefer to be friendless !' observed the old lady, ' but there, I have done with that subject. Now I have something else to ask you. Have you made up your mind about accepting Daniel Overdown '!' 'No/' answered Aggie. 'Not yet? Why, perhaps you will not have him after all !' ' I don't know. I want to tell him— I wish him to be aware^-oh ! don't talk to me, please, now,' cried Aggie, turning pale and wringing her hands together piteously. 'You want time to consider this again — or do you want advice from one who has known the world longer than you have, child?' 'I only want tune, was the reply, 'I shall decide correctly when that time comes.' ' You are looking very miserable over it. Gp to your own repel and, breakfast there, You will not care to face these two Dangerfield women this morning.' 'I am not afraid of them,' said Aggie, faintly smiling, ' and I do not suppose their; ill-feeling will be long-lived when they know the truth.' ' May I tell it to them ?' 'No, let them discover it for themselves,' was the reply. Old Mrs. Dangerfield nodded her head, as if in acquiescence, and Aggie Challis retired to her room at the hint conveyed by her grand- _ mother. There was a little sitting-room up- ' stairs, and contiguous to her bedroom, that had been placed at the disposal of Agnes durinsf her stay at Ilvercombe, and here she breakfasted! quietly, and endeavored to shape out her reso lutions, which still wavered strangely and un accountably. She would be glad when it was all over, she thought, when one way or another she knew how it would end, and what lay be fore her. She was_ almost certain now that she did not love Daniel Overdown ; she was sure there was no fervor of affection to set her heart beating at his name, and make of him, in every thought^ and dream, a !over to bo idolised. That might be the love of poets, in their rhymes, but not of common men and women who had their bread to earn and the grim realities of life to encounter. And yet how he loved her ; how patiently he had waited for her ; how deeply he had studied her ; how generously he had let her go away to a higher sphere than his own, rather than bind her by a word to him ! He had had great confidence in himself, and in her affec tion for him— she had always loved Dan Over down, in her own way — and she was aware long ago, perhaps, that' Dan loved her with all the strength of his honest nature. Could she break his heart by refusing him now — by tell ing him that his world was not hers, and there was no retracing her steps ? Could she tell him; that she was likely to be rich some day, and ' that she could not share her riches with one who would have shared his last crust with her? Would he not think it was the money- which had risen in his way to her ; and that her 'ex- pectations' had hardened her against him, and set her thinkings of another lover, who -would forget her prison Life and antecedents, not foe her own sake, as he would do, but for the dowry she would bring with her to the altar ? 'What would he think of me?' she mur mured, with her gaze directed to the avenue of leafless trees and the snow-covered road beneath, along which he would be advancing presently for the one answer to his life. Oh I for a few more hours to think of this — for him to think of ttus — and the time not so close upon her. She was gazing from the window still, with far-away thoughts that would distract her— thoughts of Hamilton Redclove, and of all that he had said and looked, and dreamy wonder ments as to what he might have meant in his last outburst of excitement, when he had dis covered her in tears — when too warm arms stole round her, and a rain of kisses fell upan. her face. ' Estelle !' she cried, when she had recovered her surprise. 'Ah! you will never forgive me,' Estelle cried . 'I have let you see what an ungenerous, jealous, wicked girl I am— I am not worthy any woman's trnst-^jut think the best of me that you can. Try and think the best of me.' More sighs and tears and passionate em bracements before Agnes Challis was allowed to answer for herself. ' I have not a great deal to forgive, Estelle,' she said. ' You have — you have !' reiterated the balf ? sister. 'You have susnected me a little ; but yon are naturally suspicious, and I was walking in the fields yesterday with your cousin.1' 'I have been very wrong — I have thought so meanly of you— I had built np such a story ' of deceit and falsehood that I brush to think of it. Oh, Aggie,' she cried, 'pray forgive me 1 I will never — never— have unjust thought of you again — I will love you next to him, for all the rest of my life.' ' There, there, Estelle — forgiven very freely all that there is to forgive,' said Agnes. ' Now tell me what has brought back the affection which I thought was gone for ever'' 'I did not know' you hada lover, Agsie' replied Estelle. ' Ah !— who told you this V 'Mamma — my dear roamm* — who takes your part this morning, and tells* me ham wrongly I have judged you.' ' You and she together, Estelle.' ' Yes ; both of us.' ' Your grandmamma has betrayed my con fidence, despite my wish-to the contrary,'? said Aggie, with a sigh ; 'there is no trusting any of you here. A promise goes for nothing — a secret is not worth treasuring, even'-theugn it3 disclosure may bring bitter pain. I did not want you to know this yet, Estelle.' ' But I knew it already,' replied she ; ' did you not tell me something of tins before V 'That I had a lovei? — hardly. But what I did tell you in confidence yon let Hamilton Redclove know at once.' ' No, no ; I don'tthink it was that exactly,' said Estelle, in 'some confusion; 'I — I only said ? ' . ' It does not signify,' said Agnes, interrupt ing her ; ' my life is very strongly marked, and I am above diEguising-it. Tf ynnr grandmamma _- had waited a few hours, though.' 'She has not spoken to me or mamma,' said Estelle, interrupting in -her torn'; 'we have not exchanged a' word' concerning yon this morning.' 'They muet have met. last night again,'*3 said Agnes Challis. musingly; 'your grand mamma must have come straight to your room.' ' No ; mamma went to hera — that is, I rej member waking suddenly from sleep and miss ing her, and waiting till she came back to me. On, what a fright ehe gave me, Aggie !' 'Indeed!' ' She came in as white as a ghost, dear,'' said Estelle; 'she had been frightened her self — grandmamma had called out in her sleep, and she had gone in to make sure that she was ' And then they eat together talking about me,' said Agnes — 'a curious subject, that had better been postponed,' 'Then you would not have had me to trouble you this morning, you mean,' said Estelle, pouting a little. ' Scarcely that, Estelle. lam glad I have come nearer your stormy little heart again,''1 said Aggie, smiling sadly; 'but don't yon know — you who are so well posted np in my affairs — that I am waiting here in solemn state to receive the lover you have spoken of?' - 'Yes, know that,' Estelle confessed; 'I . heard Mr. Overdown was coining here this morning.' 'They have not let much of the news escape, Estelle?' The younger girl laughed gaily ; the clouds had vanished, and she. was nappy and loving; again, and there was hope before her. There was always hope with Hamilton close at hand and no other woman in the way. 'Well — what does it matter, Aggie?' she cried. 'Should I not have seen him here half an hour hence, and been introduced to him, and heard from your own lips?' ' I don't know,' said Agnes thoughtfully. Estelle dropped at Agnes's feet, crossed her hands on her lap, and looked up into the soft, fair face bent over her. 'Tell me all about 'h*™, please ; I am dying to hear.' 'I have nothing to relate, Estelle; I have no more secrets to confess,' was the reply. ' No ; but what is he like — is he fair or dark 2 — where did you meet him? — how is it you have never mentioned his name ? — what made you love him ? — how did it begin 1 and when i — and who began it ? What made you think he ? '' The torrent of questions was disturbed in its flow by Aggie's little hand being placed . over the busy mouth of Estelle. ' I cannot answer any of those questions, baby,' cried Agnes ; ' they would take a week to reply to, and lead to others more embarrass ing.' Is he very handsome?' she murmured, from beneath the hand still lightly pressed upon her mouth; ' you will tell me that, won't you?' ' I will not tell you anything. I have not owned I love anybody yet, said Aggie, 'listelle, you will leave me now, please. I don't think J can. bear any more at present, even from you.' ' Why, how grave you have become !' 'These are grave times,' was the enigmatic answer. _. ' If I have said anything to pain you, dear, I am very, very sorry,' cried Estelle. Agnes shook her head as Estelle rose to her feet and stood regarding her with a little .con Eternation. Agnes only yearned to be alone— the would be at -peace with herself for a few . minutes before Daniel Overdown came upon the scene. The half-sister took the hint conveyed_ and moved towards the door, coming back again with an inpetuous rush to put her arms about her neck and kiss her many times. 'There shall never be an angry thought between us again, and you shall be always my best friend if you will love me,' she mur mured. . _ ,, „ ' Oh ! make no rash promises, EBtelle. . ' You have not quite forgiven me, I see V 'Yes, I have,' answered Aggie. 'Good- bye, child ; say good-bye now for a little while, as I wish you ; I insist.' Agnes had seen Daniel Overdown advancing along the avenue with a companion by his side — her brother Sam. Estelle turned quickly* following her gaze, and taking no heed of her commands. 'He is coming— let me see him!' cried Estelle, 'just for one moment before I go away.' Agnes Challis sat back and did not sxf another word. Her heart was throbbing pain fully, and the trouble of a whole life eeemed to come suddenly upon her with a force that took all strength and power of will away. What fchould ehe do ?— what could she do? . _ Meanwhile Estelle, standing a litHe^aside, watched the two men approaching with great interest and grave surprise.- Her big grey eyes widened at their nearer approach, and she turned suddenly to Aggie— ' Which one?' she cried ; 'which one can Itbef Agnes Challis did Hot answer — did not seem to hear her. ' The younger one, the taller is not badlook wg. Is it he ?' ' That is my brother,' answered Agnes, very pale now. ? ' Your brother !' 'Yes.' ' OU ! Agnes, surely it is not— it cannot be the other one,' said Estelle, getting over the shock of this unlooked-for revelation in her curiosity concerning Daniel Overdown. ' Why, be is ? ' Agnes Challis stopped her quickly, ' He is the best friend lever had in my life — the truest, most faithful, and most earnest,' she said very firmly. Estelle stooped and kissed her for the very last time that morning. 'I have only to say, dear, that I hope every happiness may be yours,' she murmured. /' Good-bye again, God bless you ; good-bye.' She darted from the room, and Aggie Challis clasped her hands together and waited for her lovers com ing. (To be continued.) 