SQUIBS .- By Fossil Muldook. The other day, under an agreement (as later), I accompanied a distinguished crowd, including Lord' Cravendish, Lord Fern-lay, M. St. Johns, K-.C.B. {Knight of colonial beer),- and Sir Geo. Podger, to the Marquis of Ravenswood's estate, to interview tlie rabbits in that vicinity, We were well receivied both- by the Marquis and the bunnies, the latter,- like human beings, differ greatly in their dispositions; as some were very lively, others very sleepy, others- again were very cheeky, and would rise up on their haunches, shake their fore feet at- us, as much as to say, " Eo you don't, we're not to be had." St. Johns tried veryhard to form a sort of treaty with them, his modus operandi was stealing very softly up to them, gun under arm, beckon them to come a little nearer. Those that did liis bidding were volleyed at. The old bucks amongst them; to acknowledge the salute, winked at one another and slithered. As St. Johns remarked that " audaciousness " was only a ghost of word used to express his disgust, nut only in connection- with' the whims and ways-of the bunnies,- but the doings and sayings of one or two of his brother com rades. The sleepy ones came under Lord Cravendish's notice, he would overhaul all the fallen trees, tufts of glass, and other likely places -; and when he succeeded- in spotting a poor bunny, he would put his ear near to it, and if it was snoring, he would try and awaken it by letting drive both barrels of his gun. When he was unsuccessful (which he often-was) his doj_ Mooney came to the rescue, and give' the poor little creature a gentle shake, which would cause it to wake up, seek the nearest'burrow^ that it might finish its . little undisturbed snooze. The little lively ones' were under Sir Geo. Podger's recognition. Every time'that he fired at the little animals, each had- a- marvellous method of evading the deadly consequences,- by simply jumping either a little too much on one side or the- othei Sir George said' oh one occasion that bunny was that smart that it actually .jumped over the shot as-it left the barrel of his gun. Through having five or six hours' dealing with- these active little : varmints, Sir George became exhausted; and dropped down beside a log,-and when fouiid was asked- the cause of his despondency. He said he felt very uneasy • through Lord Fern-lay. He was assured that his Lordship was -quite safe' and was .with some of the party. Sir. George said: " D—n hiui'and the party." It was the -loss of the whisky that he deplored. Sir George at- this-time adjourned to. the nearest water-hole,-and it has not rainedin that locality since. . That water-hole is about six inches below its original level. \- In dufe time all the party rolled in to the Marquises hut, where a sumptuous 'repast . was waiting in readiness.;! Only two little ^incidents occurred after.' One was caused through one of the party-being nearly .choked by a-Bix-inch piecfe - of German sausage ; he turned a little dark in the visage, but a fewihumps on the back soon righted him. The other little ntishap was caused throiigli atxstlier of the party overindulging in eating too much cake, which caused-his abdoifien to swell to such an extent, tliA't it became a' serious question whether or hot-that 1 " ah operation would have te'be perforuied'by runniiig a" crosscut si nf through him, but after-, an hour's rolling uiider the almc»ud 1 fcrees he became himself again. v. . T . . Here endeth the' first lesson of^a. rabbit beater wit-h-the quality.'. • A TICKLING SENSATiONinthe Throat, Bronchitis, Asthma, Winter Cough,. Sore . "Hiroats 'Shortness oOwegih, and all pulmonary 'diseases am instanttv relieved ^nd-'-pnatalturelv curcd by ROAVLEY^S COUGH EMULSION. 'AUCTIONEERS, LAWYERS, CLERGY- MEN, SCHOOLMASTERS, PUBLIC SPEAKERS and SINGERS'wiU find great ,benefit from one dnee of the Emulsion, which will clearthe tliroatand fc-trenethen 'the chest' CoId^"'Eifluenza, etc., . should ttyi' it. ^Be cautious against being put'off. with any other remedy. It m^y'bc ' procured from S. Dabb, 'Maldon, and every'respectable medicine ven- ,dor. Sole proprietor—W. ' W. : Rowley, 10 >Bourfctetreot»)aKt;-Melbontl>e; - " < \- - 