The Romance of a Finger-Ring ] A &TOBY; FOUNDED ON FACT. By Samuel SYM0N8. C&APTS;& VII. The urgent business which caused me to make euch a sudden exit from Mentone was occasioned by one of those troublesome people who choose to consider the provisions made in my uncle's will far and away inadequate with respect to him. An action* at-law was threatened again ; but it was an empty threat, for such a thing never took place. However, 1 was caused very much trouble and annoyance. I had to remain in London and be in com munication with my eolidtor. ' Although,' as he said, ' of conrse there's not the least doubt as to the soundness and legality of your position, yet if the other|side chooses to bring an action we shall have to fight it ; I don't think they will, though : but a yerv shady firm has got hold of them. and will keep the case going merely to^make profit out of it eo long as tlieir clients can pay.' . It all came to nothing, and proceedings suddenly ceased, because, I suppose, of the stoppage of supplies. I after wards learned that this was an arrangement of several dis appointed legatees, who thought perhaps they might be able to induce me to give a sum of money to be distributed among them for the sake of peace and quietness. They made a grand mistake, and hadj their labour for their pains. Sofareo good; but it was intensely annoying that I should have been dragged away from the side of my beloved (I can write this in all sincerity, for such Miss Berringer had become to me, whatever her feelings might be towards myself) on such unpleasant business. My love was not quenched; on the contrary, it was stronger than ever. I wrote to my friend, Alice Embling, asking if she had heard anything lately of Miss Berringer and her movements, and received a good-natured letter in reply, in which my love lorn condition waB treated to a good deal of chaff ; out the last words of the note more than compensated for the banter, and it may be imagined the joy with which I read — 'Fanny is back in England, and will be here on the twenty- second.' My heart gave a great leap of exultation ; it was now the eighteenth ; I would take a run up to Craigalloch, see how things were getting on there, and then I would go straight to Beech wood. I dropped a line to the latter effect, and at once started for the North. I received a hearty welcome from the faithful Macalpine, who had prepared for me an exhaustive statement of the condition in which the property was, the circumstances of the tenants, the rent-roll, and many other matters of im Krtance to me, which I need not mention here. I amafraid ac was greatly scandalised at my want of attention, for my thoughts being elsewhere I went through the docu ments and heard the explanation in a listless and restless msnner. I said I was quite satisfied with his report ; that 1 should be going away again, I did not exactly know for how long, but that when next I returned I would make arrangements for a series of festivities among the tenants (which I fondly hoped would be my wedding fete). Having done thus much, I once more started for Beechwood, where my thoughts had been for some days past. On the way from London I determined not to lose any opportunity of learning my fate ; my mind was quite made up— there could be but one mistress for Craigalloch. I had thought very little about the ring— that unfor tunate ring. It certainly was too bad ; I must get rid of it eomehow ; and so if I could not find or hear anything of the owner this time, 1 would hand it over to 8ir Geoffrey and tell him I had found it in his house on the evening of my { arrival lo join the shooting party; whether I should tell him bow I became possessed of it would depend on ciroum stances. This time, however, the jewel should leave me. I found lots of company at the mil, and once more the ' ' haunted chamber ' was allotted to me. \- ' Sorry we bad to pnt you there, Wilfred,' said Sir Geoffrey, 'but we're quite a houseful, and you won't mind it, will you?' 'Not in the least, Sir Geoffrey,' I said; ' besides I might be able to make up an acquaintance with the ghost. I shouldn't at all object to be on frieudly terms with a ' spectre.' ' ' Ha ! ha!' eaid the jovial baronet, rubbing his hands; ' I think we must have exorcised the ghost ; we have not heard of one since last September.' Miss Berringer's greeting to me was warmer and mora encouraging than any I had yet received from her. She smiled a welcome, our eyes met, and tier's were suddenly withdrawn, while a slight blush mantled her fair cheek. I held her hand just for a second, and pressed before releas ing it, and the pressure^was slightly, very slightly, returned. I took her into dinner. Of course we had lots to talk about ; and Lady Embling gave the signal for the ladies to retire much too soon, I thought, while it seemed to me that the mm would never get through their wine. Said Alice Embling to me afterwards in the drawing room, 'You seem in a particularly good humour to-night, Mr. Monteith.' ' The effect of the charming comnany— — ' ' Of a certain lady,' broke in Miss Alice, quite spoiling the compliment I Intended to pay her, ' with whom,' she continued, 'you sprat some pleasant days at Mentone. By-the-way, I didn't know you had ever been there before.' 'No?' said, I, a little disconcerted; 'you forget curdy.' ' Perhaps I do,' was the reply, in a tone which plainly showed die did not. 'However, I've received glowing accounts of your abilities as a cicerone; but,' with sarcasm, ' what a pity you bad to run away so soon.'* ' Did she— Miss Berringer,' Alice Embling: smiled at the dip — ' say anything about me — the fine scenery, I mean?' Dear me, how terribly confused I seemed to have got all at once. ' O yes, lots,' said the lady, with provoking ooolness ; 'but,' she added, archly, 'I'm no match-maker, you kcow, and I can keep a secret.' Then suddenly, ' I see George over there ; excuse me, I want to speak to him.' ' 1 can keep a secret !' The words rang in my ear above the buzz of conversation around me. Then I had made an impression — a favourable one. Miss Berringer had con fided, after all, in her friend; and that friend had plainly indicated to me the all-important secret, though her hps had not uttered it. IhiB good news — for such I certainly con sidered Mies Alice's words— together with the evident plea sure with which Miss Berringer had greeted me, raised my hopes higher than ever. I was assuredly in the best of humours that night, eo much so that I allowed myself, under the invitation of George Embling, ' to have a cigar in the library before going to bed;' to sit listening to a long yarn of that young gentleman's, embodying some late col lege experiences of his which, at any other time, would, I am convinced, have sent me to sleep. I was astonished, upon consulting my watch, to find the lateness of the hour; the house was quite still, everybody was in bed, and it was time for us to go too, as the hands pointed to half-past 1. My brain was too active for deep, and I lay awake think ing, among other things, of the time I occupied that room last. Moonlight was again streaming into the room, and I thought, ' How remarkable it would be now if I should go through a m'milur experience once more as that which had befallen me on the September night.' 1 half-wished that something of the sort would happen. I was just in the mood for an adventure, and I had no fear this time. Not withstanding such feedings, I did start as the doorlatch distinctly clicked— for it was unlocked. 1 turned my hoad towards the sound, when, lo ! through the open doorway, there entered a white figure. Slowly and silently it glided towards the mantelpiece, against which, as aforetime, it leaned awhile ; then it came to the window, stayed for a moment or two, turned round, and ^walked with the same coiselees step towards my bed. I knew now what to expeot, faor was I disappointed, for the ghost lay down outside the clothes, I having, of course, pushed up against the wall as far out of the way as possible. A few moments it remained there, and then, still moving slowly and methodically, got up and passed out of the room. As soon as my visitant dis appeared through the doorway I got up and looked out in the passage in the direction of the stairs, whioh I knew formed the only means of communication with my room and the rest of the house. Aflood of light was streaming through a large window, which illuminated the landing, and I saw the white ghostlike figure turn into a room |which was directly opposite the top of the stairs. Here there was something definite to go by. I must find out who ocoupled that room. I had this time witnessed the remarkable proceeding with a feeling of curiosity not unmixed with interest: ySc, not withstanding that I was in a measure prer»®reA for the visit, it was a weird and 'eerie' Bight, Nvhich tried my fortitude, and I don't wonder at all that I was in such a state of fright the first time. That it was the same individual, I had very little doubt. Tbe aotions were all there, and the mechanical movements were quite as before; besides I re cognised the long hair and general outline of the figure. It was a piiy I could not get a glimpse of the face ; but even if I had there was haidly sufficient light ia the room to hare discovered who it was. I said nothing about it, and the next night tried to keep awake to Bee if anything occurred. I could not manage it, and fell off to sleep, from which I was startled by feeling the bed move, and— can it be believed?— there was thei 'ghcBt' egain lying by my side! Once more I saw the figure enter the room at tne top of the stairs. I was annoyed' this time ; it waB too bad to be disturbed like this— I must find out what it all meant. It was a strange thing that ghosts in Beechwood Hall should ' walk ' only at such times as I paid a visit there. The more I thought of it — and I did tbink long and hard — only two causes could pos sibly bring about such scenes. One, of course, was the idea of a regularly concooted scheme to frighten me f though why I can't imagine), end the other was — somnambulism. They were both wild and improbable theories, perhaps, but I could think of no others ; there was nothing supernatural anyhow. The sleepwalking {might, of oourse, go on from time to time without any one discovering it, in which oase I should be doing a real service to the unfortuna 'patient' diould myif inquiries cause attention to be devoted to her. It will be remembered that the ' ghost ' was a woman. The morning after this second ' manifestation ?' I had occasion, soon after breakfast, to go to my room for some thing I wanted. As I waB coming back along the passage two Isdies appeared on the landing; they were Alice Embling and Miss Berringer ; they were talking, and I could hear their words. ' Come into my room, Alice,' said Miss Berringer, 'and I will show you.' They entered the room at the top of the stairs — the chamber into which I had seen the white figure retire, two nightB following, after leaving my room ! The truth flashed across me instantly ; there could be no mistake now— it wae Miss Berringer who had oorne into my deeping apartment, and she wae a somnambulist! #**??« ? It was a lovely June day, and a lady and gentleman were travelling towards Edinburjgh ; they were the only oocu pants of the railway carriage. The gentleman was Mr. Wilfred Montt^th, of Craigalloch, Scotland, and the lady, bis wife ; who, it is needless to say, has hitherto been known to tbe reader as Mies Berringer. We were going to my eetate for our wedding trip. ' Fanny,' eaid I, placing a ring in her hands, ' what do you think of that — isn't it handsome?' She took it, and let the light play about it. I noticed her start, as, having withdrawn her glove, she placed the ring on her finger. She took it off again— I was watching her all the time— examined it closely, and then in an excited manner said : ' Why, Wilfred, where did you'get 'this from— how long have you had it?' ' Have you ever seen it before ?' ' Why, it is papa's ring,' she said, with tears in her eyes ; 'he gave it me just a little before he died.' It was the ring I had picked up in my room at Beech woed Hall on that memorable September night. I told my wife the whole story ; how at first I had received such a fright, and how afterwards I had watched her in my room until I found out to what apartment she had returned, and then by what meana I bad discovered that she was a som nambulist ; in fact, I told her all tho ghost story, if wo may eo call it (that love-obase of mine had been breathed into Iter ear time and again since our engagement). She was very much agitated, naturally, aad of ooors* quite unaware of her actions while in tbat peculiar sonmam culant state. She said that what die did in my roots oa those and several other occasions was but an aoted dream. The night before her father's death she, having spent soma time by bis bedside, retired to her room for a short rest Full of sorrowful thoughts, she stood still thinking for a few moments, and then laid herself down, all dressed, oath* bed, where she remained adeep—' worn out, no doubt, by fafeigus and grief — until called to resume her vigiL Her own? room was at the end of the same passage In whioh her father's was; hence in her sleep, walking straight before her, aha entered my chamber at the Hall. Strange to say, Sir Geoffrey Embling's was the only plaoe in whioh thsMvivid dreams occurred; and upon waking at their ooaolusioa, which she always did, she found herself shivering withooM, This state of body could easily be explained when it was- considered that she had been roaming about passageaand rooms dad only in her night-garment. My wife also told me that the remembrances of many happy hours spent by har father at the Emblings' made her mind dwell upoa his memory whenever she visited the house, whioh no- doubt accounted for the extraordinary mental state into whioh ah* fell while there; and also, strange to aay, that the peculiar dreaming never came ever her elsewhere. As far aa ths loss of the ring was concerned, that was explained by th* fact that it fitted her finger rather loosely ; and aa more than once it had dipped off. she supposed it had dropped un noticed somewhere about tbe grounds. She was overjoyed at recovering such a prized memento, bat terribly distressed at the revelation of ner somnambuhstio tendencies. I endea voured to quiet her and calm her fears, telling her that tha malady waa not of frequent occurrence, and that by keeping her mind occupied ana using other measures no doubt th* practice would eooa be overoome. We remained for a few days in Edinburgh, and during that time Sir Pythagoras Esculap — who, everybody knows, has devoted a great deal of attention to the study of tha effect of the mind over the body— at my request began to investigate as to the cause of my wife's occasional somnam bulism. In due couree we arrived at Craigalloch, and were received with genuine emotion by the best of stewards, Mao alpine, and with enthusiasm by the tenantry of the estate. A round of festivities followed; and after the excitement had subsided I set myBelf seriously to work learning the duties which my position as a landed proprietor demanded of me. I went in and out among my tenants, reoeivtug suggestions, hearing complaints, and instituting improve ments. My wife threw herself into all my plana and schemes, and I waB glad to observe that the absent mindedness which at times seemed to take possession of her was gradually but slowly disappearing. The eminent doctor cams up and stayed with us for a while, still bent on what he called ' investigating the case,' end finally departed (after receiving a large fee), having given his opinion that ' the peculiar state of mind whioh gave rise to somnambulism arose from the lonely life led by the ' patient,' who since her father's death had been in close attendance upon her invalid mother, and oontinudly brooding over one subject £ and that now tne current of her life waB changed, her mud occupied with other thoughts and scenes, it waB highly improbable that any trouble from the same cause would exist.' The man of science urged that diould any further manifestations occur I ' would com municate with him at once.' I am glad to say suoh a oourse was never necessary. I bad some misgivings Jwhen we'visited Beechwood Hall for the first time after our marriare, but no ' deep walking ' took place, and then I felt convinoed that the unfortunate habit was completely broken. It was not until years had passed away tbat Fanny would allow her mid night adventures to be spoken of, even to her most intimate friends— and, in truth, 1 was averse to speaking on the sub ject to her, for I feared that her mind might possibly get back into the old groove; but now we actually laugh and joke about what we once considered a matter too serious to be approached in anything like a spirit of fun ; and I often tell of the terror I experienced at my first sight of the ' ghost ' whom I afterwards had the courage to make my wife. TUB BHD. 