Tales sad Sketeiiea 'bravely -bc^rne:'1; Bt ?' 'WooDBtjRNK.' ?:?,;? PRIZE TAL E. ? (Written Expressly for the Tasnwuian.) OUArTBB VIII. — COXOLtTDBD. After ''a\\. right merry bridal feast, at which -there .was no ceremony, no re straint,' and ho: speeches, we laid aside our dainty robsB, and putting on travel ling dresses, said good- by to the dear ones with no sighs and no tears, as we knew we were not iroinf far awav from them, and they knew dear hearts that they would see us nearly as often as if we were at home, and that we were happy at ...* last ; bo bur wedding day dawned and ? ...ended without its gladness being dimmed .Vbyia.teaiv ?—w-As the shades of evening fell along the ' coast we mounted above the world to our nountain homes, and looked down upon the dying day, with a feeling something 'akin to ti e joy of angels In watching the (?final departure of a life that is ended in i the Lord after long years of pain and sorrow,1, feeling fsure that /all succedirig dayi^will be radiant with a~ peauty pecir- '- 1 arly their own. 'Cranberry Heath,' our farm, and '.pioverdala,'- which is . qur^- darling's own, aro so near each other, that next morning- we meet among the dewy grass to watoh together the first aunriae of our married life, and as -the glory of -the orim aon clpudB.f alls all around, and from the; '.blue' pi mighty .oceati the king of day . fcailaiih.' i' chariot of flame. Laura; to. whom it is all new, stands with olaBped ,? hanjds,i arid the look of wrapt, awe ;of one ' who beholds a vision. Then with hands unliftedjshe listens with a beautiful bmile i to the , waking, of 'the. myriad birds that Jnrorig the. tree tops, and finally clasping1 ho'r arm' through her husband's, she sings in;theclear,8weet voice of a little child— ii Praise God from whom all blessings flow, ; Praise Him all creatures' here' below ; ' Praise Him above, angelic host, j Praise^Father, Son, and Holy Ghost/ ;'??,'?; / whilBt^we stand ,w}th faces upturned to i Heaven and echo the' glorious refrain. rSaxon and I go to'Cloverdale' to break- ; 'fast aa 'my servants have not'yet'arriyed, ; . 'and wo'1 find1 Laura ,' enchanted' with', her i lovely home, -whilst Hugh, dear .fellow, looks as if he were|nwb amply repaid for, the ?' long years of waiting as'his wife flits about ' likeapink and gold butterfly.firatadmiring her drawing-room,*then going into ecsta c.je? .ovet. ner dining-room, chirping to her birds, kissing the olustera of flowers as they bow their beautiful heads before her in the conservatory, dancing before the ?long glasses in her perfect-dream ,of a bed- : room, and al last bursting' into- happy ' tears in the little blue, velvet boudoir, where ;the early, sunlight isfallingattiwart ' the' upraised face of the Madonna, aud lighting the -\vhite motes of the piano which is standing open for her. . ? ?? ? ? ' 'Don't cry, little wife,' says Hugh, slipping his arm round|herjw,aist ; ' come and try your piano. I w'ant to see if j Pollard tuned it properly' ; and leading J»er..forward he stands withi a. hand':-bh each of , her. shoulders, .as ..she strikes minor ohbr'ds, and runs bhromatic scales' in quick succession. Then . suddenly Mendelssohn's grand ' Wedding Inarch ', rings out upon the, air, recalling ;us,tpi the fact that we 'are ' to start upon our ; honeymoon tour.as apon aa possible 1 after : breakfast. When the morning meal has been - par taken of. Laura hurries about saying good-by to all here treasures,' and -'giving instructions to the woman she is leaving in charge:; how^i'td^raainage1-' until1' her return, whilst my husband, and,, I . run over to ^Oranberry'Heath' imd: prepare for our journey. ,,„ / -,,,-? We are going to the'beautiful Huon tb ? see the 'monument of,the hills,;', .whilst . Hugh and'his' wife 'intend visiting New Norfolk, as they have_heard so much of its charming scenery ; so we are going as ' far as Hobart together, and then we part ? company-fora short time'.,... Well, hero'we'' are at the 'Picnic,' ' fW&i-;!;'..^' it canlnever sayi enough ''-in praise of the beautiful drive from town, or the wonderful woman who is restim; over there. Dear Laura's journal gave a faithful description1- of it all, buit: mr pen can ever paint it asr it is. ? --We have the isame^obrris that she.'.had, dear.igirl, and everything reminds /us of her, even to the dainty' 'dinners; 'which are served up in such an' appetising style that our honeymoon bids fair to beoome a perpetual feast. ,.,t] ... -? ? v, - £ 'Oh;!V,here ;afei'the:'letters^one-Jfrom mother and one from Mrs. Douglas; i Let us^openi mother's 'first; ?:? -? - -? ? 'Mv Darling Ohii,d,-^I have some grand news for you. Your aunty Madge has given you a we.dding portion of five thousand pounds, so you are a rich woman indeed. The children can do nothing but talk' of your good fortune, and after dear father read auntie's mournful letter, whioh I enclose for you to see, he sat right.down and wrote her the most beau *!/}§l .teply y°n ever read, asking her to come and stay with us for aa long aa she likes. We can fit up you^ room for her if she will oome,: 'Wild my 'dear children will do their beBt I know to drive the sorrowf akrsbadow's - awayT from Bar dear old heart:' 'TbnTatid Mat have i been often to look after your farms,, and.they report that all goes well ;' also- that' Benella and \Vdd9w Welch have arrived, and taken up theit abode., with „ manifestations of great delight. Little'Benella, Vhdr has never, seen the country .before, 'poor child, says everything | is like ' fairy books,' ia -n-j chanted with 'the oozy little room pro-;, provided for her at 'Cranberry Heath,' and wasbustling aboutf ceding thechickons, and making herself quite at home when the boys left. Widow' Welch seems de lighted with her slituatiori as housokeeper at ' Oloverdale,' 'and thinksLaura'shome perfection, which indeed it is. I wonder if our darling will remember these two faithful creatures who have been so true to her ? I am afraid not, as she has never spoken of them since her return. How ever, she will soon learn to love them for their good qualities, whilst they will adore our beautiful girl as she is now, even as they idolised the poor pale crea ture whom they attended so faithfully 'through her illness, And now, my dearest, that God will bless and guide you in your future is the fond prayer of your loving ? . . Mothee.' Auntie's letter ran thus :-t-, :?. ?. {: .'?f-.'pitAa/ NiBomy Mauy,— Hearing -that lyour.dark-eyedi'daughter Gracie is about to j become ;a.wife'^t 'wish toiatpne.in /sortie', measure for my long neglect of my god child by plaoing five thousand pounds in the bank at her, entire disposal... ,.When..I. am dead,iny homeahdairi havo'~wilrbe~ hers ; and she will not:have long to wait now, as old age' ia making me very low and feeble . -You dear, may have endured much through poverty, whilst I have en dured much through having wealth, which could hot purohase the little faces with which -you have ?? been surrounded ; and when I waa left a widow and childless, like Job of old I was tempted to curse (Gfod and die., -Much sorrow! could ha/e alleviated and many children succoured with my wealth, but I hated children be cauae they were denied me, and I nursed enough sorrow in my own boaom without thinking'of the misery of others. Filling up my house with. visitors, I sought to stifle the miserable longing of my heart ; but the hollow world bowed to me because of'Uiy riohes,' and the : love T Bought I found not until your ;pretty girl crept intOjjmy heart, , and made me promise myself to ask her from you as my own. ' But another has claimed her, op the poor old auntie must live alone to her life's end. 1 did. not fail to notice hgw . my , gay , . f riends ..; slighted .Gracie, because of her poverty,, and cringed to Amy Avison, thinking she would inherit something, and; bo she will, renough to keep.'her comfortably , ,'but your daughter shall Inherit iny fortune. Trusting that loenly: old.-, auntie, in her loveless, lonely home, will be remembered by your dear young people at the marriage festivities — 1- ami dear Maryi-'yours, very truly, ???',1.. ./:?...??:?.?:.:;???..: ' M. Heathson.' ?'?; ?Poor old' darling, tears fill my eyes atid fall unheeded, as I read of that, empty mother heart, and I think, with gladness, how the boys and girls will cheer her,, if she will accept father's loving invitation to share our old homo neat for. a time; Then I 'open Laura's letter, and readT-' 'Deab Mas. Gbaoe,— We have found another of Tasmania's beautieB, only it is not quite as nice as I thought it would be: Coming up the river in a steamer some of the scenery is good, but nothing like our beautiful- homel'picturea, being for f-the moBt ' . par t flat arid uninteresting ? ; u n til New Norfolk is almost' reaohed, when there in a grand sweep of ,rook and' river, that' da ?- well worthy of ' adtniration/'- -A number of touriats came' up with -us, ? aati went into. wild rapture^ over everything, jivhich; was most amusing, ^s they, coin par,eii ey&ry;, old house, on. the banks of the Derwent, to a chateau on the Rhine, and called every 'township, ''vhich vre passed 'en. route; 'O'Brien's Bridge^' et olai'ming, 'Oh, ihat ia O'Brien's Bridge, is ,it not c7i-zr)jn?i-7,?'— and; then again-— ^Noyithat-miist be O'Brien's Bridge,. i'sVit not enchanting V. until! mourneu heartily that a bridge had ever been called in O'Brien's name. ' This tbvvhship is rather nice, there being. some beautiful houses about, but the New Norfolk Bridge is certainly. the feature of the plaoe. 'The hop grounds are pretty, arid the! Asylum buildings a goodly pile of architecture. I wonder if this splendid pile will ever be deserted, as our legislators seem to have a talentfor wasting buildings. Is'upp'bse these will share the fate of the grand old ruins, we saw at Maria. Island, and be left toithe owls and bats some of these days, or let go to decay, like the ever-beautiful Carnarvon. It aeeois such a pity to build such places like these, wasting thousands of pounds of public money, and _ then, because the ' officials fail in their duty, or the ruling powers ; think they have hit Upon a better plan, fresh expense is incurred, and new build ings erected, only to be left again aa years roll on. The Salmon Ponds are pretty ; the tourists raved so that I am inclined to think their experiences of scenery have been somewhat limited ; they have never been through Tasmania out of the ' beaten track,' I am positive. But then they would have to camp out, and perhaps succeed in losing themselves, as at somo of the loveliest places there are ho hotels, Bream Creek, for instance. The hotels here are good, but the charges are 'exorbitant, twenty guineas for the fortnight seeming a great deal to pay for this kind of amusement. 1 'I wish now I had come with you to the Huon, where my husband says the scenery is far, better, and private /l-pomS' only five pdSna8Aper week, so that-.yqur:' /h5)ieyriipso^-'vfilK;-clqst ten; '^pofind's ;v less', than j mine 'for 'hptil f&r;^ ; ,;not':that\it' -.matters niuoh'\tp-tn'e, as' wj) ar« well £-&}? thank goodness. lam Voryi very happy, but' rather tired of being a bride, as. every 6110 seemB to know,, and' one is followed by whispers and , noflding heads '.. at every turn, so that I will hail with joy the. day of our return to our own loved home- — ', Ever d^ar sister, your loving Laura. Saxon enters as I finish reading, and 1 astonish him by the newa that he has married an heiress. We are glad, of course, because our in come had been very small so far, and we had not looked for wealth to make our happiness, but now that it was given us the plans to be laid out for the gratification of all the dear ones at home seemed endless ; and we talked for hours of the books that father should have.the new piano, and the gorgeous dresses for mother ; tho tutor, who should finish our boys' education, and the ladies' school-that ihall. send pur '?girls' baok., ao us ac^oraplished! women. ? ':?l : After. a dplight|ul sojourn ia^this lovely place, _ye Arejpine'd^ jL^'ura/ *and'=-t!er.;.huB^ band in HobartJ v-uwhere-^e-rpJ»ssJed^ -k\ ?pleasant- woejc ai^ht seeing,and - thoii pro- ' ceeded leisurely home. ?'_?'') 'J pf ^qpurse we drove round, the.beach to . 'mbther'sfirat of all,'to*tell:ouV'dffir one'r1 of our adventures in bride-land ; and there in seats beneath the grape vine, we find the -whole family assembled, chatting .and laughing roundj dear 'aunt Madge, who looks the picture of happiness and con tent.- ??' ' ?? .. ????' ? -.'?? '?'?'.' ? ? ??. , ? Father oomea to open'thn gates for us, and greets us with fond embrace ; then mother holds us tenderly one on each arm, while the boys and girls gather round to bid ub welcome. Stealing from Mater's arm as soon as possible, I go and kneel on the grass beside my dear old auntie, whispering that she must stay with us for ever now, and: let us fill her life with our gratitude for her kindness ; but kissing me she murmurs, while her hot tearB fall on my face — ' Do not speak of gratitude, darling, I want you all to love old auntie for herself, and not, for her gifts— she haa been courted for her wealth too long.' We find one room transformed into the most' luxuriant nest, where Auntie Madge is going to ; reside for' -the | future, whilst her grandhome is to be' let until the time when her heir shall need it '; arid I soon see that I am likely to.be super seded in that capacity bybrother..Tom,'to whom the dear old lady seems devoted. He is a dear good boy, handsome and clevor, but hia beat qualities are a sweet, equable ?temper, a strict ' ae.nae of right, and his' duty to his neighbour, and utter self -forgetfulness when there is-any good to bo done for1 any one else. 'So that I rejoice to think what a' splendid I man he will make if !I can persuade auntie that my wedding portion is all Buffioient for me. '.. ..,,.,. .-,?-. ? We troop round the kitchen table as of old, and enjoy the fresh seaside fare, of orayfish, salad, blackberries and cream, home-made, cakes, .buttermilk acou'ea, and cpuutry delicacies' too'numerous to men tion. Then we stroll about in twos and three's oiitsite the gates, admiring the Bun set.and gathering sheila and' wild i;ffl6wers, and talking over, the pasti present,, and future ; then as the moon rose, the horses were harnessed, and. iwith fond 'delight's we journeyed 'through' the cool still air to our own dear ^home3j: where Wiclqtv Welch, and . Benella had everything, in perfect. order awaiting, us.' ?: . ;r ', , ' .'?_' ^ I The poor.iittlejWidftw ?'yra.a ao^oyercome at meeting with Laura, that she. could riot'arfciculate^fpr so'b'a/ whilst. B'eneila ran away'Vii'd Hid .in 'her'; little rbb'm,crying like a' child,' because 'the ''dear little mis3us' had forgotten her. ? :-.je'ix;.i':.'v- , The years.hav fleed,and on the! Marion Bay8ands are gathered a pidriic'.party, after th'e! fashion- of Tasmaniaris , bent' on enjoying the gloribus summer weather to the full: ,_. ,-,,..,, , ? Two dear old- ladies, withoheeks like wrinkled peaches occupy a seat of honour at the end of the white table-cloth^ laden ; with choice viands, under the shade of a; spreading boobyalla, and »re easily re oognised aa Aunt Mad go and mother ; in the arms of each a tiny mass of flowing lace and embroidered cashmere 'proclaims the fact that there are little .lives to be looked after now. . Those two handsome papa's, who are so. well occupied, in keeping those sturdy, laughing gentlemen from rolling on the table-cloth, are hone other than Hugh and Saxon ; whilst those cosy little women in pale blue muslin and large shady hats,' who are trotting about trying to do every thing at once, talking,' laughing, and singing as they go, are none other than our old friends, Laura and Grace, now happy and contentedlittle matrons. Those four lovely girla sauntering along together, are Clarice, Carmen, Sophy, and Jude. Sophy i3 soon to become Tom's wife, J ude is engaged to Mat. Clarice is about to marry a wealthy 'Sydney squatter ; so Carmen will be the only one. left soon to. comfort the old folks at home. That tall . old gentleman sitting apart, profoundly studying a volume of' Long fellow's poems, isgrandpapa Alethe, whilst the merry little widow j and the bright faced maid . over yonder who are busy with the fire,are as easily recognised as the four fine looking young men who come ap;Jadbh;/w^th nets an,d fishes, and throw thetdsalve's* down iiKthe.shade to rest. ^hat-tout old l/dy;,j7lth inflamed faoe': ind'iwatery.'eyes, 'isvMfs Aatbn ; thV noisy,, little .woman beside her— is '.her friend) Mrs. -Tregakty, °apd those it wo, vpry ball elderly 'females aro the MisseB Oowster. ?,,''. ./ , - Let us listen .to the voices which rhe apd -falf with the sobbing of the waves,and see .v?hat'phangea time has wrought in, -the' frieri,ds we' know'BO well. . ' H.'a^nt'.'the a 'appy . groupe,' Bays Mrs.' Aston, as she eyes the party near the tea table, with a. benign smile. 'They may look happy, enough,' Vhia pers Mrs. TrageBty, who has riot' forgot ten her bad habit of backbiting, 'but I for.one,' dbii'tbelieve in it,- it's all put on, for show yvou^knowi''. .;,'?; , - -C-Hqw'\do^ypu'mean;put on,.Mrs. Tre- ? gasty;?' asks Miss Cowster ?; '.'if a girl is nb^happywho'ma'rriea'a governor's couaihi -vrhat'olse, on e^rth- does she :want 1 1?i ??. ! .'' ' 'f-Oh! I/I d^esB;^ fany-'formBrigpyerneBa, -is,rightjSnpigh,^although''.t|jey dp: say Ac Hs'iipt'pyerifaithf u'l; |\ 'The; one I am'^piJry. tor ^ ji.th^t'poor V,Qu.ng,)!DpwglasvW.Kb.:,wa8i .trftpted^intp ^marrying Zi^jmApyt&,zi .F.-.j.:-. jL ^pearNmei^biyddn^ji^'so rpray tell 'Jiaikp'sfoVy aeVMfs.'t?ages1ty f ' But just then a merry voice piped all hands to aupger, so thenniavoury.diBh.o.f -86andaHBTe8eTVBd'W^''later-o^V'as' these' pitiful creatures rush forward with ex clamations of delight, Baying to 'dear' Mrs... -Alethe,. . what a M sweet pic- ? ture,' 'ahe'and 'her ' '' ' charmingly happy' family present, aa they gathered together at the evening' hour. ? ' .After tea,; iparty pf four gather round the old wredk which we know so well,two stalwart men, with little blue .-robed wives clinging jo them, and Hugh says — , ?.-!? .... : , ', . ? ....-? 'Well young people, this day hai been as happy as all .the days' are now,' what a blissful satisfaction is the married state.' ' It is, indeed,' says Saxbn.': ''I had no idea there could be Buch a state of per fection oh' earth, or I should not have' re mained a bachelor so long.' '?'? ') _f '?;-, ' My dear boy, lam' glad to find you have changed your : opinion ijihee ;thls morning,' laughsShis. ;wife. '.Matrimony seemed a gloomy thing when '.you \ could hot 'find your p^Re,','- 1::,| .. |_; 'J s ...'J'- ' And Hugh was positively miserable because his ppllar waB npttBtiff.enbugh^'1 says Laura, in a tone' of lively badinage, and succeeded in making me 'think myself a wretched failure as a yrife.'1 :. '~ 'My dear girls; you really should not remind us of these little things,' laughs Hugh. . ',' .Of ; course' we Vail' i 'get/ rufflecT sometimes, 'but lost pipes and', limp collars are only tiny specks on1 the ocean of our lives.' ' And ( if : that boy of ' mine does try, to srncke, and Iearh extra'yagaiit tastes,^ by breaking two ' or 'three meerschaums : a week, I will. in future try to bear with him,. as he. is no doubt following in his father's footsteps,' sighs S«xon, in a voiqe of mock humility,.' and if I thought iij'woulcl please hij inother I would have him 'taking 'the Miss OowBte'rs outriding; smoking a meerschaum of his own by the time he's five years old.'1: .;.-?? 'Oh! dear,' says-Grace, 'I hope the Miss Cowater3 will take their '-departure) before ray boy iB that7 age ; but they are so fond of ! me; poor girls, 'that they 'can- not tear themselves, away.'!1 ; ? i 'Mil.) '9/ Tf '? V They did not love -.you; once,! little. wife ; what hasmade, them change!? ' and 1 Saxon looks . very misqhevioua as his twife, - abawers— '.'.'. ,' ' ' .' r , ' ''?'') '[ *-f\ ' '.'.','/ '..' : '-????| ' 'They did not lpye ,'the pbor'rejationjj ;but Grace Harold, th'e'wife of 'a'' real live j governors cousin,,^ and. probable inheritor of a large estate, is a very different 1 person.1' .'.?'?-. ..' ' ?/- '! ??.??'?,,. 1 I ? ' Then, I;shall tell them that Tpm is 'tos [be the heir/aridlet them' ask themselves to stay with;.the mpther,as I am rather ti red' of their attentions,' sayB Saxon, and the. four ..walk .slowly towards ,, the ,) rest !of. the party, who are preparing for a ! homeward move. Presently Laura saya, , — ' Mrs. Tragesty seems very fond of you too, Gracie,!' and her only answer is a hearty laugh, in which the quartette join. Let us pause beside that tall old gentle imanj .with! silvered h«r and* flowing' 'beard^ who ib coming1 slowly along the beach, with his life's partner upon his1 arm, and try if we can diaopver. '.. what ia jmaking them so sad. Amournf ul voice* is 'saying — : ' Yes dear, this is the last day we shall :be all together ; how vary, very lonely we shall be without the dear boys.' ! ?' Yes wife, it is hard that 'they should ;be obliged to go.now that we are drawing so near the end of life's little span, but there is no help for it. . I have tried, my juttermoat to get them employment in their native land, but no doors will open to them.' . ' Have you written tp those gentlemen to whom you were so kind when they jwere poor and you were ridh? Surely they would use their influence for our sons?' ; ' Yea, I have written repeatedly, but jtheyhave treated, my letters with silent contempt.' .'?- ? ? ? . '. . : ] 'Ever the'sarae old cruel atory. How hard i»nd ungrateful i'io world has grown ; we keem to gather till the 'ihbrns, and none pf the fruits of life's' haryest'.', .;.!; ' :i , j ' ' Mary darling, don't let your sorrow harden your heart, and make you forget jbhe gracious, benefits that- have been showered upon our path.' .;' ;:',;: ;' ' ' No,, father, I do not forget that our ohildrenare btessinjgs.'Houi: .two daughters ^appilysmafrled, cfofl, Tpm bountifully pr^videdfor.sp that Ke.caA marry Sophy a^8oon(aB ^hoVisout of mourning, and oyely Clarice; engaged to 'a good man. But I do forget thore.is a God in Heaven, when I see Mat toiling as ploughman, and general ? ? farm , labourer, for the paltry Bum pf twelve pounds a year ; Aus tin crushing , his young life qiit in the mines at BeacbnBfield, only earning suffi cient to buy clothes ; and rNedv worinng hard as secretary to Mr. ABton,(whb^after all these years has paid him nothing/.' ,- ' Yea, it is no use, theirgoing on attfiia rate. Mat wbuld not have muchhpjpe of making a home for pretty Jude with twelve pounds a year ; bo you seeimother, it iB best for them tq go to Sydney, w^ere they, will occupy their own position's'- as gentlemen, and be bo well paid : that matrimony will come within the reacK'vDf themin a. few- years/' : : .. sV « ' An» yes,- 1 see !my:darlings.mu8t go ? and the motherwhohaa '^oved^tiae'm as her,.very_Bo'ul r^dstfgodown totti/jthe jrave^witft only, onev of her bbys^to tiss ?her dijatfade;.-' ;.'::± ^iJS . / ?'ck2'^, ~^o:th%;;mp,th¥if;-;d?-^,fglv^^^ darling, my^ hBa^tria/sbre enough^' God knows ; don t let fiW see you weeping ? this parting makes me forget I am a nian,', ,_.= ,.,._,, .^.^ .. ..... ,. ,,,...J,...;,,^.,irt.r3r-- 'FatherVI cannot ilry my tears, It is a« if my boys were dying before' their time ; for onca they leave Tasmania they are: dead: taus-. We know: that even-if they survive the change of climate, they will never come back in time to see father or mother again ; whilst even we mar Hve to , wear the ghostly crape 0? Spphy and Jude,. and for- the.-, same oauBe.',i ... , ? , ...,lj.,....i ,,, ' ' God forbid— God f orbii .' Small-pox is a fearful thing, -and if any of our lads' share the fate, of poor young Lilas, I fear it. would drive me mad.'. . ., . s ','' hty^* am mad already,. else wiy should I beat senselessly against the. bars with whioh fate has bound us ? Pa);e— I' cannot' say God— has decreed that our, boys Bhall go forth from their temperate ' healthy clime, into burning heat and ' deadly disease to make homes for them-' selyea'and the girls they leave behind them ; whilst the land of their birth 'is' labouring under the expense of importing the tainted refuse of other worlds to fill .their places, and be ; well paid for the work which is denied the native born*' Ah.t aiirely Gbd.does not guide the men' Who'inake such laws ?' :,,;,) i. ;,;,.. ?;?? ?'Come, mother, they are calling ffor us, and see your sons are coming'to lend JP11 a .^elping , ? hand. !', ;-LAnd ?, while ™-e .TiP!*. ,,man , ... speaks ' ?.,rithev-jteafir stained, i,, handkewhiefs , arei ','? hastily hidden as Mat, r Austin, and Ned, come racing over the; sand ,'like playful yoiib'i giants, ,an'd.;, two:' of.;; them take, .''little mater tenderly in , hand, while Austin oifera hisarm to his 'father. '?'? ' '.'' ' ?-?? ;! 'Mother and I have been havirie Ja croak about your 'leaving us,'' 'says father, with a futile attempt at mirth.' :-i ' Dear old dad, don't speak of it ; .we have .been trying to forget, all: day -that: tAW. »a cur last anniversary picnic; but somehow I seem to see.it in the air, Hear it in the wind, and come upon it every where. ; I never felt so bad , about any ;thing befqre,/and'if I spbke to dear old mother or. the girls I believe .'I ! 'shbul'd\ ; break down and'ery. like, a ohild.1'''! ^-- i ' My'deatboytimy brave'^nbbie-bpys,' sobs. , :thev old . man;. \ '.don't ; '? give .'Tway' before poor mother, .this parting '.willl take- jten years from her lifeas it'is;' s-j'W; !-:ha I ,There is a. painful ,silence,Mtheji Auitiff jaaya— ??; ? . ??.;,:? ?: ? ; ..,. i.-v.-i'ai;i., 'rl- ^ ' ,^e.I1'J!there is »o help for it,' father;'' the h,ttle farm has been. toofsmaH'f or'iua- i this many a day, and,., we haveVtried^to jearri enough aa farm servautB.and wo'rk ,mg men to keep ub in the colony, so as to ibe near you and mother arid 'the'Jg'iris ??'! .but for myself, I know the mines' are' killing me, as the oontiriual stooping gives |me! Buoh.a pain in my heart and lungs,'' ;and I have been spitting blood for a lbn'c time; while Mat iB longing to ask: Jude to ,be hiB wife, but dare not, as he has no ihome to offer her ; and Nod is engaged ;tpp, so .theysay.' , ... ?;.,..,-;,. -.,, ? j ..'Yes, my lads, it is.be.st for you to go' jand we must look forward to your letters i as our only, consolatio^. Perhaps you may even come: back some 'day.'and see the old people.' -' ? ? c ? ; But the. same ' thought BtrikeBJ them . bpth— that , pnly bronding. death will [unite them again in this, world,, and for- a moment such heartrending . sobs : mingle ' jwith the ory of ocean that the shivering air stands still for sympathy. . ' ' ,' ' ' ' r A I When day is done the golden moon shines down on a wagon-load of faces, some smiling, some sad, as they drive slowly through the shallow waters of the rising tide in Blaoktnan's Bay; and thus going home altogether for the last time jwe leave them, the good with the bad, ^he old with the young, the falae with the (true, all going home along the road we are travelling every day. ? ?. : ? 1 ,m ' Darlinghurst, Sydney. _ vDeaebst .Old Mother,— We are beginning to get used to this place now,; and are getting on. fine. Ati first it wai awful— the thousands of strangers, with never a soul we knew— but now we have mot plenty of Tastnaniana, all bent oh bettering their monetary poaition, as we are — bo we do' not feel aubh outcasts as we did, although we are lonely enough, Godknows^ ..As wo stemmed away from the wharf at' Hpbart, I thought niy , heart would 'burst to aee you and p.oor old father.'.olingjiig, together, in agony too de'yp.'for wordn. imdto feel that the -lis- tanfce was grtulu. illy widening : between us.;. (Oh, -mother, mother darling ! can you, understand wliat wo suffered? Mat and' Ned- sat with ? their faces hidden i in their hands an we went alowly down the river,' but I looked until I could look no more, for my head and heart Boomod on firey'aal knew-po well I should never see it'' all' again. I have been very weak Bince we came over,; the heat plays 'up ??'with' mfi B8j.and-:by jove ! it ia hot ;' Tasmania is nothing to it,, I did rather a foolish thing, the other day. It was 'scorching hot,, land I was nearly .melted ; bo I took one of a basket of chilis -which, waa stand ing on '.the .table, thinking, like an owl, that,. a chili would be .cold ; so I wolfed him at a shot, .and, by the Lord Harry, it aent me dancing mad, and nearly made me cough my i head off. I don't know how- it 'is; mother, but I 'do nothing' but cough now' night and' day', and it 'plays' np with a fellow, I can tell you.. I think' the1 'mines pretty well settled; .me,' «is''t!tiey'!did nearljr all my mates'.1 Wellj little mater,' this ie a grand place, and Ijeats'.bur own land hollow. Wo have ap'.endid. .lodgings with a family from Tasmania,' who. are doing well I should Bay, as their. house is always full of their own countrymen, and of course we are treated with every kindness, as father's name ; is well and favourably known among all our messmates. Mat met the three' Martin girls; who came over here governessing1 sometime ago,' and he says they! -are doing a grand old business1, getting forty, fifty, and Bixty pounds per annum, being treated like ladies,' and living liUe fiyhtip'gcookB— I mean living iti splendid style. We are going to hurry Up and make a home for you, and father, so you Had bettei-'prepar'e to come to us as soon, as littio Carmen is off your hands. , You .'Would' like this place awfully if once you' got, here, I. know,iand would never think of 'returning to poor little Tas mania. -By jove, mother, the girln here don't come , up to ours though! Jude will1 'look like a dainty peach when she comeBi after these dried up girls. They have i splendid figures, mind you, and gbb'd- eyes !'? and feet; but the bloom is ?wanting.; Tell Clarice I hope her man loves -hot' for herself, and not for her looks^ 'as she won't keep her beauty long oface th'eee mosquitoes get on to her. We don't hear half, as much about small-pox. as' we idi'd.at home-1-! suppose the people here'have something else to talk about— Vat, we. saw something of it the other day, wliiphjfrightened, seven, years' growth, put. of/'usy, We were surveying town .allot; . ments, at which we have great fun, as the people get in auch . scots with . us prowling about their places, and we just' «tood still to look round a bit,' and there was the yellow flag flying. on tlie very house we were standing beside I: By the Lord Harry, didn't we run, and when' we got home we were not quite sure whether We' were dead or not. And now, dear old mother, good- by ; keep up your heart,1 and look forward to coming to us soon. , In the meantime one of ub will write home every, week, so. as you will always know ? how we are getting on. Write soon,, like, a dear old girl, and tell us'all the news, as we are longing to hear of you all, and don't forget us inyour prayerB.—- Your loving son, . ? i J ?.?'.-?,?;??':??.? ?, ? - ,'- Austin Aibthb.')'. :'-?] Jji.-'/I ?! -L 'THB END.' '' ??.?? ' '?- ?' '?' ' '' 