THE GREVILLE MEMOIRS. -6-1 SECOND PART. [ Mr. Henry Reeve, literary executor to the late Mr. Charles Greville has just presented to the world a second instalment of his friend's memoirs, embracing a period of fourteen years, extending from the accession of Her Majesty in 1837 to the coup d'etat of Napoleon III. in 1851. As specimens of the social gossip these interesting volumes con till we give the following extracts The New Queen. Madame de Lieven told me yesterday that she had an audience of the Queen, who was very civil and gracious, but timid and cm barrassed and talked of nothing but common- places. Her Majesty had probably been told that the Princess was an intricate, and was afraid of committing herself. She had afterwards an interview with the Duchess of Kent, who (she told me it was plain to see, is overwhelmed with vexation and disappointment. Her daughter believes to her with kindness and attention, but has rendered herself quite independent of the Duchess, who painfully feels her own insignificance. The almost contemptuous way in which Conroy has been dismissed must be a bitter mortification to her. The Duchess said to Mdme. de Lieven, " quail may avail plus L'Avenir pour elle, quelle instant plus rich ;" that for eighteen years this child had been the sole object of her life, of all her thoughts and hopes, and now she was taken from her, and there was an end of all for which she had lived hitherto. Mdme. de Lieven said that she ought to be the happiest of human beings, to see the elevation of this child, her prodigious success, and the praise and admiration of which she was universally the object-that it was a triumph and a glory which ought to be sufficient for her-to which she only shook her head with a melancholy smile, and gave her to understand that all this would not do, and that the accomplishment of her wishes had only made her to the last degree unhappy. King William is revenge, he little anticipated how or by what instrumentality, and if his ghost is an illnatured and vindictive shade it may rejoice in the sight of this bitter disappoint- ment of his enemy. In the midst of all her propriety of manner and conduct the young Queen begins to exhibit slight signs of a peremptory disposition, and it is impossible not to suspect that as she gains confidence, and as her character begins to develop, she will evince a strong will of her own. A Royal Dinner Party. The Queen sat for some time at table, talking away very merrily to her neighbours, and the men remained about a quarter of an hour after the ladies. When we went into the drawing-room, and huddled about the door in the sort of half shy, half awkward way people do, the Queen advanced to meet us, and spoke to everybody in succession, and if everybody's 1 palaver" was as deeply interesting as mine, it would have been worth while to have had Gurney to take it down in short-hand. The words of Kings and Queens are precious, but it would be hardly fair to record a Royal after-dinner colloquy. . . . We had plenty of instrumental music during and after dinner. To form an opinion or the slightest notion of her real character and capacity from such a formal affair as this is manifestly impossible. Nobody expects from her any clever, amusing, or interesting talk, above all no stranger can expect it. She is very civil to everybody, and there is more of frankness, cordiality, and good humour in her manner than of dignity. She looks and speaks cheerfully ; there was nothing to criticise, nothing particularly to admire. The whole thing seemed to be dull, perhaps unavoidably so, but still so dull that it is a marvel how anybody can like such a life. This was an unusually large party, and therefore more than usually dull and formal ; but it is much the same sort of thing every day. The Queen and Lord Melbourne. His manner, so parental and anxious, but always so respectful and deferential ; hers, indicative of such entire confidence, such pleasure in his society. She is continually talking to him, let who will be there he always sits next her at dinner, and evidently by arrangement, because he always takes in the lady in-waiting, which necessarily places him next her, the etiquette being that the lady in-waiting sits next but one to the Queen. It is not unnatural, and to him it is peculiarly interesting. I have no doubt he is passionately fond of her as he might be of his daughter if he had one, and the more because he is a man with a capacity for loving without having anything in the world to love. The DiscreTE about the Household. : I had a conversation with Lord Wharncliffe, who proved beyond a doubt that there was no lack of deference and consideration on the part of Peel, but, on the contrary, the clearest indication of an intention and desire to consult her wishes and feelings in every respect, and that, instead of a sweeping demand for the dismissal of all her ladies, he had approached that subject with delicacy and caution, and merely suggested the expediency of some partial changes, for reasons (especially when taken with other things) by no means insufficient. So little disposition was there on the part of Peel to regard her with distrust or to fetter her social habits, that when she said, " You must not expect me to give up the society of Lord Melbourne," he replied that " Nothing could be further from his thoughts than to interfere with her Majesty's society in any way, or to object to her receiving Lord Melbourne as she pleased, and that he should always feel perfectly secure in the honour of Lord Melbourne." Life at" Balmoral. They live there without any state what ever ; they live not merely like private gentlefolks, but like very small gentlefolks - small house, small rooms, small establishment. There are no soldiers, and of the whole guard of the Sovereign and the whole Royal Family is a single policeman, who walks about the grounds to keep off impertinent intruders or improper characters. Their attendants consisted of Lady Douro and Miss Dawson, lady and maid of honour ; George Anson and Gordon ; Birch, the Prince of Wales's tutor, and Miss Hildyard, the governess of the children. They live with the greatest simplicity and ease. The Prince shoots every morning, returns to luncheon, and then they walk and drive. The Queen is running in and out of the house all day long, and often goes about alone, walks into the cottages-, and sits down and chats with the old women. I never before was in society with the Prince, or had any conversation with him. On one Thursday morning John Russell and I were sitting together after breakfast, when he came in and sat down with us, and we' conversed for about three-quarters of an hour. I was greatly struck with him. I saw at once what I had always heard that he is very intelligent and highly cultivated, and, moreover, that he has a thoughtful mind, and thinks of subjects worth thinking about. He seemed very much at his ease, very gay, pleasant, and without the least stiffness or air of dignity. After luncheon we went to the Highland gathering at Braemar-the Queen, the Prince, four children and two ladies in one pony carriage ; John Russell, Mr. Birch, Miss Hild- yard, and I in another ; Anson, and Gordon on the box ; one groom, no more, The gathering was at the old Castle of Braemar, and a pretty sight enough. We returned as we came, and then everybody strolled about till dinner. We were only nine people, and it was all very easy and really agreeable, the Queen in very good humour and talka- tive ; the Prince still more so, and talking very well ; no form, and everybody seemed at their ease. 