Sale* and Mtkkts. IN A FLASH. When first I remember my aunt Barbara, she was over forty years of age ; but ehe could never have been accounted a hand some woman. She was very tall and very angular, with a long thin face, the most re markable feature of which was a Roman nose of i^'''Tft-'^ing proportions. Bat as ehe tad one of the kindest hearts in the world, her paucity of good looks Beamed a matter of trifling moment to those who had the privilege of knowing her welL It was at my request that, some two or three years before her death, she wrote oat the following narrative of an «'*frp*T occurrence in her early life. I put the manuscript away at the time, and did not come across it again till the oi&er; day. On looking over it once more, it seemed to me not unworthy of being transcribed of a wider circle of readers than that comprised by the writer's immediate friends and You ask me to go back in memory (begins my aunt) to what eeems to me now like a period of remote antiquity, when I, Barbara Waldron, was twenty-four years of age, and my sister Bessie fire years younger, and endeavour to pot down in writing the little story I told you by word of month a few days Ago. You must know, then, that in those far-off days, my sister and I were l^^ping house for oar brother John, who at that time filled the position of steward and land-agent to Lord Ponington. The boose we lived in was a pleasant but somewhat lonely residence, about half a mile from the little country town of Levenafield. The noose suited us for several reasons. In tie first place, the rent was low ; in the next, a large walled garden was attached to it, in which Bessie and I Sunny happy hours ; and in the third there was a eide-entrance to Dorrington by which my brother could take a short-cat to the Hall whenever he had busi ness with bis lordship, or his lordship had business with him. Our household was a small one, and besides ourselves, comprised only Jfanr Gihhs, a middle-aged woman, 'nd hex niece, a girl of sixteen. John's hone and gig were looked after by a young p^n immpfl Benben Gates, who did not, however, deep -»& the premises. An important part of 3 oWb duties -was to reeerce and pay into the Levens field bank the rents doe from tie fanners and other temuLtB of property held voder Lord Domngton. One much tenant was a certain UrShiUito, acorn and seed merchant, who who was noted for bis '?yirtHritaffl. It was only in keeping with Mr. Shillito'a aggravat ing way of doing busmesB that he should nererpBy.hu rent At the time other people paid thein ; that he should always pay it u gold and notes, instead of giving a cheque for the amount, aa he was quite in apoaition to have done ; and that he should make a point of Jwi»ijpwgi*-trirfHtf-if^ F*«tftiH of nV'''? a time when my brother might have called qifwm him ; and finally, *J»«-t be wMo*' arrived with the money till after banking-honn. Kitty had just brought in the tea-tray, ft was growing dusk, almost too dusk, to see dearly without tile lamp; bat Bessie and I likfldl to «yv-nniniTP thft daylight as much as ytfmfhlf, specially now that *hi* lone winter nights were to dose upon us. John bad come in fora cop of tea. This evening, he was going to drive over to Nethsrcroft, Borne ten ihHap - away* dine there with some friends, and stay aU night. After- dinner, there was to be a dance ; and I was not without my flffgrnrjnn as to the nature of *&«» attraction which was taking him so far from home, although he laughingly pooh-poohed the soft impeachment, -when I rhnilrnaal him with it. John was in the act of puttznpfeown his cup and saucer, when we heard a noise of wheels outside, which presently came to a stand opposite the house. He crossed the room and peered through the window. * It's old Skfllito, come to pay his rent,' he remarked a moment later. ' Two hours after hn Tiki t g-tim»t as nsnfrl. What a nuisance he as V He went down-stairs ; and about ten pijnntea later we heard Mr Shillito's trap start oS. Presently John came back. ' Ninety pounds, all in gold and notes,* he said. * iVe had to lock it up in my desk till looming.1 I may here remark that iron 'Rf**1* for the custody of money and other valuables were by no means so common in those days, especially in out-of-the-way country-places, as they appear to have since become. 'Bat the money will be quite safe in your desk, wont it, John T- asked Bessie. ' Safe enough without a doubt, seeing that no one but ourselves knows of its presence there. Only, as a matter of business, I Bhonld prefer to have had it in the coffers of the bank.' Presently he added: 'The old fellow was half-seas aver, as he generally ifi ; and I have no doubt, with bo many houses of call by the way, that he will be soaked through and through before he reaches borne. I wonder whether he goes to be sober a night in bis life' A few minnteB later, John kissed us and bade us good-night. Bessie and I went to the window to see him start ; but by this time it was nearly dark. He waved his whip at ub aa soon as be had Bettled himself in his seat, then he gave the reins a little shake. Black Beryl'fTneels struck fire from the stones as she sprang forward, the gravel scrunched beneath the wheels, and a moment later the shadows of evening had swallowed up horse and gig and driver. My sister and I pnlled down the blinds and drew the curtains and rang for Kitty to bring in the lamp. ?phe evening passed after our usual quiet fashion. We worked a, little and read a. little and played flome half-dozen dncte, and chat ted between *?*nflff, till the clock pointed to haU-partten, at which hoar we generally evening was to go the round of the house and satisfy myself that all lights were out, that the fires were safe, and that all the doors and , windows were properly secured. When this duty had been duly accomplished to-night, the drawing-room lamp woe extinguished, and then Bessie and I took our bed candles and marched up-stairs, leaving darkness and solitude behind us. Mary Gibbs and Kitty had retired long ago. My sister's room and mine adjoined each other, with a door of communication between, which generally stood partly open, at uight, for the sake of companionship. The windows of both rooms looked into the garden, which ran in a wide strip along that side of the house, and was shut in by a wall some seven or eight feet high, beyond which were three or four meadows, and then the boundary-wall of Dorrington Park. It was close on one o'clock — as I found ont afterwards — when I woke suddenly from a sound sleep. The instant I opened my eyes the room was illumined by a. ririd flash of lightning, and in all probability it was a peal of thunder that had broken my slumbers. Another flash followed after a brief interval, succeeded again by the deafening accom paniment. My sleep was effectually broken. 1 arose, flans a sbawl over my shoulders, and crossing to the window, drew bock the blind and peered out. As long ago as I can re member, lightning has always had a singular fascination for me. As a child, I loved to gaze upon its vivid splendours, and in this respect at least years have left me un changed. A board creaked as I crossed the *Is that you, Barbara,?* asked my Bister from the other room. Yes, dear. I am going to look out for a few minutes. Is not the lightning beautiful?' ? Very beautiful ; only I wish it were any where rather than here,' answered Bessie, who at such times was just as nervous as 1 was the reverse. The flashes followed each other at intervals of about a minute. 1 had witnessed three or four when suddenly 1 cave a start, and on exclamation broke involuntarily from my lips. The last flash had revealed to me the figures of two men in the act of climbing over the garden-walL One of the men was a stranger to me ; but in the other, instantaneous as was the revelationx I recognised the somewhat peculiar face and figure of a ywm named Dethel, whom my brother had employed temporarily during the last week or two in the garden, our regular wiw being laid np at the tune with rheumatism. There was something in the looks of the ^ftn in Question which had set me against him from the first ; but if we were all to be judged by our looks alone, what would become of us ! For aught I knew to the contrary, Dethel ought be an honest, hard-working fellow, with ft wife and children dependent on' him ; but for all that, on the daysjke was. working for, .uj. I care fully refrained from going ittt-n tJip garden. And now, here was this man, and another with him, effecting a surreptitious entry of 'the premises at one o'clock in the morning ! Such a proceeding could have but one end in view. Two Questions at once put tliemselveB to me. Firsny, were these men aware that my brother was from home for the night, and mat only three helpless women and a eirl were left in the bouse * Secondly, had they by some '»*»?«« become cognisant of the fact that a few hours previously Mr Shfllito had paid my brother a considerable sum of money, which must necessarily stQl be somewhere on the premiseB t In my mind there was little doubt that both these facts were fully known to the men. My brother's movements were as open as the day, and Dethel had doubtless ascertained from Reuben the groom that his master would be from home on this par ticular night ; while as for MrShillito, every body knew how he talked in bis loud-voiced way abouthis most private affairs when he had taken more 'to drink than was good for him. At the bar of more than one tavern that even ing, every one who might chance to be within hearing would not fail to be informed that Mr Shillito had just paid John Waldron his half year's rent. These thoughts flashed through my mind almost as quickly as that flash which revealed so much. Breathlessly I waited for the next flash. It came, shattering the darkness for an instant, ;md then it, too, was swallowed up. The men were no longer visible. Be tween the ttfo flashes they had had tinie to drop on the inner side of the wall, where the thick clumps of evergreens which clothed that part of the grounds would effectually screen them from view. At that very moment they were doubtless making their way stealthily towards the house. What was to be done t Never had I realised so fully as at that moment how helpless a creature a woman is. Drawing my shawl more closely round me and patting on a pair of list slippers which I wore about the house in cold weather, I crept noiselessly out of the room. At the top of the stairs I halted and listened ; but all was aOence the most profound. The corridor out of which the bedroom opened was lighted at the opposite end by a hi^h narrow window which looked into the garden. To this win dow 1 now made my way, and there with one ear pressed to the cold glass, I stood and listened. Presently 1 heard the faint sound of footsteps, and then the subdued voices of two people talking to each othur. Directly under the place where I was standing was the back drawing-room, which opened on the garden by means of a French -window ; and although this window was secured at night by shutters, I had an idea that the security in question was more fancied than real, and was of a kind that would be laughed to scorn by any burglar who was acquainted with bis business. If the men had mode up their minds to break into the house— and with what other object could they be there?— die probability was that they would make the attempt by way of the French-window. Even Bud a low peculiar grating sound made itself heard. Evidently theynad already begun to force the fastenings of the window. I crept 1-ack to my room, feeling utterly dazed and helpless. ' Is that you, Barbara? Where have you been V asked my sister. Going into her room, I sat down on the side of the bed and told her everything in as few words as possible. She was of a some □ews visibly affected her. .She sat up in bed, trembling and dinging to my arm. 'Perhaps,' she whispered, *if we lock oar bedroom doors and keep very quiet, they will go away without coming near us.* * Why, yoa goose, it's not us thev have come after, but Mr Shillito's ninety' pounds,' I answered. * And there's poor mamma's silver tea service down-stairs ; I hope they won't find that,' said Bessie. I hoped so too ; but there was no judging how much Dethel had contrived to ascertain respecting us and our affairs. I went to the corridor window again and listened. The noise ma.de by the men was now plainly distinguishable. It seemed as if they were trying to file or cut their way through some obstruction. After listening for a few mo almost mechanically to put on a few articles of clothing asking myself again and again as I did so whether it was not possible to do something — though what that something ought to be T knew no more thwn the H'**1 in the moon. The nearest house was a quarter of a mile away ; and even if I could have stolen out unnoticed by way of the front-door, before I could have reached the farm and brought back help, the burglars would have effected their purpose and decamped. Our pecuniary means at that time were very straitened. For some time back John had been paying off some old family debts ; and the loss of the ninety pounds — which, as a matter of course, he would feel bound to make good — would be a great blow to him. If I could only have got at the money, and bave bidden it where the burglars would not be likely to find it, I felt that I should have accomplished something. But the bag was locked up in John's strong mahogany desk?, and was as utterly beyond my reach as if it had been in the coffers of the Hank of Eng land, while yet it could hardly have been placed more conveniently ready to the hands of the thieves. To them the strong mahogany desk would seem a trifling obstacle indeed. All thin time, metaphorically speaking, I was -wringing my hands knowing full well how precious were the last-fleeting nwwTftPt', but only feeling my hftTpl*»3 ness tiie *nore, the more I strove to discern some loophole of escape. Oh, the wretchedness of such a feeling '. Lbccpe. never to esperveace sfcagun in the same degree as I experienced it that night. The lightning, if not quite so vivid as it had been a. little while previously, still came in as frequent flimh«»B( and by its light my sister and I made a hnmed toilet. Our house stood a little way back from the high-road, from which it was divided by a tiny lawn and a low Bcreen of evergreens. Once or twice in the course of the night one of the mounted constabulary would ride slowly past as he went his rounds ; but I was without any knowledge as to the particular time when be might be expected, or whether, in fact, tiie time at which he might be looked for at any specified point did not vary from night to night. Still, there was just a possibility that he might put in an appearance at any moment so I stationed Bessie at the window to keep a lookout for him. and be in readiness to raise -til alarm the moment she heard the tramp of his horse's hoofs. For once in a way the lightning was something to l-e tb-uikfnl for ; each nV^Ti lighted up the high-road for a con siderable distance un Uith sides of the Uou£C. When this was done, it seemed as if every thing possible had been done ; and yet it was next to nothing. With both hands pressed to my eyes, I stood thinking as I scenied never to have thought before- Then it was that— those flashes which were momently illumining the outer world— an idea shot through my brain, which for an instant or two seemed to cause my heart to stand stilL Ami yet at the first blus it was an idea tliut hud about it something so preposterous, so ludicrous, even. that had the need been at all less imminent, I should have discarded it at one* as little better than the inspiration of a mad woman. But preposterous as the idea might seem, fur the life of me I could think of no other, and every minute now was invaluable. There was no time for hesitation. I must discard it or adopt it, and that without a moments delay. * I will try it ; it can but fail,' I said to myself with an inward groan. On the toilet- table was a jar of white tooth powder, which had been replenished the previous day. I shook out a. quantity of this powder, shut my eyes, and proceeded to rub it thickly over my face, arms, and hands. That done, I drew the white coverlet off the l-ed, and draped mvself with it loosely from head to loot ; then 1 uiibonnd my hair, which in those days was ebon black and reached be low my waist, and shook it round my face and over my shonlders in ' most admired disorder. I was now ready for the role 1 had made up mv mind to enact. Bessie had told me fcincc that she tbaupht I had taUen leave of iny senses. -lust at the turned and advanced towards her, another long, quivering flash lighted up the room. A sister's lips, and she shrank away from me as though I were something altogether un canny. * O Barbara, dear, wliat is the matter ?' she cried. * Why do you frighten me so r*1 ?It is not yon 1 want to frighten, but the men down -stairs,* I replied. Then, in a few hurried words, I told her my plan. ' Inhere watching by the window, ready to raise in alarm in case the mounted constable should pass on his round, I stole swiftly and noise lessly down the carpeted staircase, and only paused when I reached the corridor below. I moment later I was startled by a noise of falling glass- The burglars had succeeded in effecting an entrance. They and I were sep arated only by the drawing-room door, whico, although locked, was an obstacle that very few minutes would suffice to overcome. With mi indra.-wuig of my Wtaiii I sped quickly past the door along the length of the corridor until I reached the opposite end, where there of my brother's office, which also was locked, and from the lock of which I now withdrew the key. I have omitted to state that the window of John*B office was secured by two stout bars, which was probably one reason why the thieves had chosen to effect an en trace at a point more readily adapted for their purpose. The second door at the end of the corridor shut off a ehort passage l^ftdjng to the kitchen. This door X succeeded in opening without noise. I had decided to take my stand a little way oo the inner side of it, and there await the course of events. By this time the men were busfly at wort forcinjj the lock of the drawing-room door. A thin thread of light which shone from under showed that although the lightning was still as frequent as before, they did not tind it sufficient for their purpose. Scarcely breathing, I waited. I was too excited, too wrought up, the tension of my nerves was too extreme, to allow of any per sonal fear. It was all terribly real, yet with strange, vague sense of unreality underlying it. 1 felt as if I should not have been sur prised had I woke up and found the whole affair resolve itself into a dream ; while yet fully assured in my mind that ft was '«fH'g of the kind. Suddenly the noise at the door ceased ; the lock had been forced. The thread of light disappeared ; for a few mnrpentfl all was silence the most profound. Then a ^T't creaking, which at any other tjtr\e. would have been inaudible, told me that the draw ing-room door was being opened and that- the crucial moment had come. I pr^BPrid one hand over my heart, and for a few brief seconds an almost overpowering longing and lock myself within. But it was too late ; by this time the men were in the corridor. I knew it, although I could not see them. c Where's the door we want ? I heard one whisper to tie other. * On the right — the first door we come to.' As they advanced a step, I did the same. ''What noise was that?1 asked one of them quickly. 'Don't be a fooL There was no 'I tell you there was. — Where's the gum V But the lightning was quicker than tike bull's eye. It came, smiting the -ia*fc'«ffMi and flooding the corridor with the Min^ifig inten sity of its glare, Then I saw the ?po*^ and the raeo saw p^, but Hur^paa h^A hi^dpn us from each other again before they had *tny» to make sure that their eyes had not deceived them. One of them gave a gasp and whispered to his mate : * What was that tall, white thing at the end of the passage ! Seemed to me like a ghost.' 1 Ghost be dashed ! There ain't no such things.— Here's the glim. Well soon see what it i&* As he spoke, the light of his bull's-eye lantern was turned full upon me. I advanced a. couple of paces, and the »no' fell back in speechless surprise and terror. 1 have often tried since to picture to myself the appearance I must have presented when seen li^ht, with my ghastly, death-like face, my dilated eyes, niy block, snake-like locks, my tall figure all in white, and with one extended arai and nn^ci* pointed direct at the men. I cannot wonder at their fright. At this juncture came another flash, and a tcrriblti peal of thunder startled the air and shook the hjuse. At the very instant, im pelled thereto by something within me that I was powerless to control, I burst into a wild peal of maniacal, blood -curdling laugnter. One fatcp nearer I advanced ; but that was enough. With a loud yell of terror, the men turned ami u*k1 by the way thty bad come. 1 heard a crash of shattered glasa. ; and after my senses, to lind Bessie supporting my bead on her lap and pitasing her smelling-salts to But Johu'g ninety pounds were saved, and it is hardly uet.-ts^arj- to add that Ketiiel the fl/^iin — Ckautf* r*'* Journal. 