SPORTING. Tho half-mile match between T, M. Matone and O'Brien is the cause of much talk in Mel bourne, and tho supporters of the latter arc very confident of his ability to lower the colors of of A. Farroll, is doing well and fnst getting into great form, so that the match should be a very close one. The Gunnedah Race Club arc in the Hold with a very good bill of faro to bo run for on November 25 and 20. The programme includes a Jockey Club Handicap of lUU sows., a Town Plate of 50 sovs. ami several smaller items of tho value of 80 sovs. each. must not bo forgotten that entries nro to be made to-morrow for all tho races to bo run at Liverpool on November 0, and at the panic time the UouUmrn handicaps require entering for. The settlement of wagers over the Canter bury Park mcctiug takes place to day. At 4 p.m. to-morrow acceptances close for the Queensland Turf Club handicaps. The following is a list of prize winners at tho Canterbury Races on Saturday:— Mr S. Gardiner £100 ; Mr. Pidcock, £100 ; Mr. W. Brcnnan, (ns), £70 and bracelet valued £40 ; -Mr. J. Russell (ns), £70 ; -Mr. J. Cock, £85, and Mrs. "W. Gosper, a bracelet value £10. Tho funds of tho Canterbury Park Race Club, had an addition of £116 made to them on Saturday, by the victories of Wallangra and Maritana, the former being sold for £80, aud the latter was bought in for £85. A trottiug match for £25 aside, between Tommy and Nimrod, lias been arranged to take place on November 14th, at tho Agri cultural Society's Grounds, Moore Park, over a distance of two miles, Tommy couccding a start of 200 yards. The concluding day of tlicYictoria Amateur Turf Club meeting will, for many reasons, ever be memorable iu the annals of Australian racing, and the unfortunate accident in the Caultield Cup, which caused the death of the jockey Nicholson, ami brought about such serious accidents to lluxtahie, MdGratb, M'Grade, Twooiney and Wymati as may probably terminate iu another fatal result, cast quite a gloom over the sporting com munity, and the occurrence has been the sub ject of conversation ever since. The death of such an accomplished light-weight as Nichol son would bo in every way regretted had it happened under 'ordinary circum stances, as the deceased had long since risen to the front rank in Ids profession, and his conduct had made for him a very large circle of friends. At the time the accident occurred Nicholson was riding the New .South Wales horse, Lord Exeter, whose show of wining the race iu question was considered an exceedingly rosy one until the fall of Too Too brought down the follow ing : — Sardius, Claptrap, Despot, Sirocco, Prince imperial, Lucky Hit, Lord Exeter, Winchester, Toin Brown. Kingship, J<ord Wilton, and Real Jam. In the colonies, if not in the known world, such a dreadful accident is without parrallol, neither have we any record for so many horses to come to grief in one race. It is a .singular thing that with the exception of Velocipede, the falling contingent 'included all the prominent favorites, Despot, Prince Imperial, Lord Exeter, Winchester, Tom Brown, ami Lord Wilton, e:u:n having been backed to win very largo stakes, and the victory of Grace Darling was a complete throw in for the ring, who have won almost fabulous amounts. Tom Drown is said to havo died immediately after the accident, and a private wire received iu Sydney stated that Prince Imperial hud both logs broken by the fall, and was immediately shot. Our readers will lie pleased to hear that although very much shaken, M'Giade was able to leave the hospital yesterday morning. Most of tho horses who came down have been so much knocked about that their appearance at the Melbourne Gup meeting is cxtremelv doubt ful, and their absence will not only tcml to thin tho various fields, but detract con>iderablv from the interest iu the racing. Although the Caultield course has since it was first opened been regarded as one of the most dangerous to be found anvwhoro, the fields of horses for prominent races are invariably large at meetings of the \\\A.T,C.,and a terrible accident lias long been expected by those who have any idea oi the danger attached to a crowd of horses struggling tor supremacy where sharp turns are frequently met with. Our readers will be able to form some idea of thu accident when it. iu said that no less than 41 horses wore in the race, und the scene when the falls occurred will never be forgotten. Thu general impression appears to he that .Saturday's Gup field is the largest that ever started in Aus tralia, but this is erroneous, as 42 saddled up for the Ladies' Trophv, won by The Ghost, and run at the Y.A.T.O. Aleetinguu the 80th of June, 1888. It hasn't often happened for such a crowd to face the starter, even in Kngluud, where 45 is the largest known, there having boeii that number fur the Stewards' Gup at Goodwood when Groagh Patrick won in 18(51. In Jua Miller's Chester Gup, hi 1852, 48 started, a similar number having gone out for the Cam bridgeshire .Stakes, won by Batliildc ; and there was only oncless when Adonis gained the same coveted prize in 187u. 