The TJLC. Spring Meeting. BT MJLBTINDALB. After the lapse of a fortnight the sporting puhlio of the Bouthern capital appeared to have thoroughly recovered from the fright they got over the Caul- field Cap, and we now very rarely hear it mentioned. The jockeys, however, that were injured have not yet recovered, thongh thev are well on the way to convalosence. That accident I am quit« euro haB made a difference to more than one raco at the coming Flemington meeting, as it caused the ahsenoe of the best weight-for-age horse, Sardina. With fine weather the attendance upon each day will, no doubt, be very numerous, the going fast, and the various events keenly contested. Tbose events that interest our oolony most are the Maribyrnong Plate, Derby, Melbourne Cup, and Oaks, as in these four events we have several good and heavily-baoked candidates. The Maribyrnong Plate and Derby are oontostod on Satnrday, forming tho fourth and sixth events in tho day's programme. Loaving the Derby so lato in the day is hardly good policy, in my opinion, and I have heard it adversely commented upon in sporting oircles. The day's proceedings open with tb« all-important weight-for-age mile and a quarter ovent, the Mel- bourne Stakos. The bost-looking trio, to my fancy, aro Honeydew, Liverpool, and Welcome Jaok, and to seleotonelshallgoforHONEYDEW. ThoHotham Han- dicap will no doubt provide a grand finish between Minerva, Cerise and Blue, Comet, Doncaster, and Anglesey. Tho winner may turn up in MINEBNA. Tho weight-for-age HurdleR ace looks a good thing for THE AGENT, though Agitation and Duration are both good ones. Next comes tho great two-years-old event of the year, the Maribyrnong Plato. There is little doubt in my mind but what tho great amount of early two-years-old racing is tolling ita tale upon this event, and tho days of nuraorous fields ÍB past. If twenty-one start I think it will be aa many as will, and on publio form it looks to be narrowed down to tho following-Acme, Halcyon, Blairgowrie, Damocles, The Nun, Chosham, Louise Berta, Made- lina, and Trojan ; while on tho private training the only onos appear to be Philip Augustus and Essie. If we take tho betting market as a guido thon Acme must win, and thoso who havo backed her have good public form upon their eido. In the Eichmond Stakes run for at Randwick she won oasily, as it waa my opinion sho would. Sho, how- ever, got well away, and Tom Hales had none the worst of tho start in tho Great Foal Stakes, which she won at Caulfield by a short half length from Munwytirna and The Nun, when thoy finished a dead heat. Many good judges wore of opinion that she only just got home upon that occasion, and I do not think she had anything to spare. Had Damocles got away in that race, I think ho would havo beaten the lot, as he gavo ampio evidence on tho following Satnrday .that ho possesses no end of pace. Mr. Forrester's Halcyon has exhibited good pace eaoh time ho has started, and tho way he comes at the finish would lead to the belief that five furlongs will suit him botter than four, Blairgowrie ÍB, with- out doubt, a good colt, but I think hardly good enough, and unless Yellow Jaokot can show vastly better form than ho did at Caulfield in tho Nursery Handicap, his chance appears to be a very poor one. My Lady waa coming on well, when «he took a vory severe oold, and little has boen seen of her sinoe. On the training ground I have twioo seen Essie defeat Halcyon over the fivo furlongs, and on his private form nothing ploaseB me so much as Philip Augustus. By the above it will bo seen that I think the best are Acme, Damocles, Halcyon, Eseio, Philip Augustus, and Louise Berta, and I think PHILIP AUGUSTUS will bo the actual winner. By tho way, I must not .forgot to toll that I dreamt that Telephone won. Dreams are very _ fashionable now, and it would j be hard lines if I could not have one. I I should not care about baolcing it, though. 'A seven furlongs Soiling Race follows, and had Wanda not gone lame sho would no doubt haye won. At prosent it looks to lay between Scaramouch and Sorcerer. I do not think there will be more than a dozen runners for the Derby, made up as follows :-Nordenfoldt, Uralla, Dunlop, First Chester, Isonomy, Ringmaster, Thunderbolt, Win- chester, Remus, Ragman, Arsenal, and Gasburner. Last year it was considered a morai for Bargo ; but he failed, and now Nordonfaldt, it is thought, cannot possibly lose. Without doubt ho is a great colt, but a very sluggish one. In his work no guide can be ob- tained as to his wonderful power ; but in publio ho has proved himsolf to bo an undoubted good one. He looks very muscular and well. His stablo com {»anion Uralla is possessed of no end of pace, and is a ong way improved to what she was at Randwick. A few warm days, however, may tell a vory diffe- rent tale. Tho horse that during the past fortnight has been doing the best on the training ground is Dunlop. Each gallop has shown an improvement; and aa far as condition goes, he is almost porfeot. He was certainly beaton ina very easy manner at the finish of the Guineas by Ringmaster ; but I do not think he was thoroughly wound up, and tho going hardly suited him. Ring- master looks as well aa ever, and when the spectators see Thunderbolt cantor past they will Bay ho ia a .very fit h orso, though I think he has hardly done enough fast work. The publio verdict about First ChoBter will bo that ho is too light. He cer- tainly does look ao, whilo the Adelaide horse, Isonomy, is just the opposite, and works daily in sweaters. Remus is a good-looking sort. Ragmau, by Robinson Crusoe from Ragpicker, is about tho best outsider, but I think his chance a very poor ono, as also Arsenal and Gasburner. To piok one to win I shall go for ' ? - ' . NORDENFETJDT, .while -tho next beat are Dunlop, Uralla, and Ringmaster, and the finish between these will be worth a journey to witness. In the Coburg Stakes the'threo best appear to be TEMPE, Merrimu, and The Ghost. On the Tuesday all Victoria almost will be assembled at Flemington to witness tho race for the, all-important Melbourne Cup. Strange to pay tho aoceptors just number the same as tho starters for the Caulfield Cup, but ono or two havo no doubt boon left in by mistake. To go through the whole list would take too long, and occupy valuable time and space, and we have now so many handy little guides, that the publio hardly need the recounting of each horse's doings aa in tho days of BELL'S LIFE in Sydney, when nothing of tho kind were obtainable. The New Zea- land horse Tronton and the-; unfortunate Despot are the ruling favorites, though it would take very little to send Liverpool to the top of the hat. When tho weights first came out I wrote that Liverpool ap Soared to bo very well treated, and after witnessing im perform no encl of work both at Randwick and Flemington I cannot say that I like anything better. Trenton, I think, will bo found a little Bhort of fast work when the actual finish comes, but Despot, if bo does not meet with any mishap, will want beating all the way. The publio form shown by Kit Nubbles at Elsternwick Park, and hia excellent private work, lead to the boliof that ¿the son of Tho Diver and Little Nell is np to his neck in it. "Whichever colt wins fha Derby must always be considered dangerous if the blue ribbon event Í3 a true run race, and I believe it will be. I am very much afraid that Tom Brown and Lord Exeter will suffer from the effects of the Caulfield mishap, and if BO they can havo no chance. Grace Darling must run well, and to beat Brown and Bose and Acolyte the race will have to be run under 3min 31seo. Metal is reported to have a great outside show; but seeing that he has appeared seven times in publio and only got third once, bia publio form ia good enough to put him down as last. Cerise and Blue I have a liking for, and think amongst the 6st division that she is tho best. The finish, how- ever, I think, will be between LrrEEPOoii and DESPOT, and the followers may be Nordenfeldt, Kit Nubbles, Brown and Bose, Cyolops, and Cerise and Blue. JFor the Oakß Stakes I can Bee nothing to beat UEAXLA. 