A Western Landlord A Story by Mary Hartwell Catherwood Author of "Craque of Doom,""Old Cavern Days, " etc, and numerous serials and stories in Wide-Awake, Lippincotts. Harpers, etc. A young village doctor is a young village doctor, whether he carries a medicine case in the year 1885 or a pair of pill-bags in 1857. But all young doctors are not as large and white and full of vigorous blood as Brother- ton was. Instead of his usual pill-bags, how- ever, he held a well-stuffed carpet-sack in his hand as the hack rumbled with him into Millport. The whole snowy country was steeped in moonlight, which threw back a cold, knife-like glitter from the ice over Sugar Creek. The shadow of a flour mill fell over the hack as it jogged across the bridge, and no light appeared in the post-office where the mail bag ounght to be delivered. It was after 10 o'clock. The vehicle stopped midway of the one long street, at once the county road and Millport's spinal column, and Brotherton alighted with his carpet bag, exchanging a word with the hack driver. This half-asleep and weather- hardened be- ing then bumped ahead over frozen mud to the tavern which appeared to lie directly hugging the north pole, for such timber as inclosed Millport opened there upon bound- less white prairie. In those railroadless days Chicago seemed nearly as remote a China to the inland Illinoisan. Brotherton jumped a glazed mud levee and mounted that unpaved path used by the vil- lagers as a side walk. It led directly across a drug store porch, upon which he paused, rapping hard at the door. In time a light appeared through the window, showing candy jars and medicine bottles there dimly displayed behind the fretwork of frost, then a tardy hand unfastened the door, a man's voice growling all the time on the other side of it. Brotherton slipped into a druggy atmos- phere and shook hands with his red-headed, fat partner, who, acting as if tranced by sleep, refastened the door and took up a tin candle- stiok covered with stalagmites of ancient tallow. "Left your folks well?" "Yes, quite well. You didn't expect me to-night, did you?" "Yes," yawned the partner, "I've ex- pected you every night. We never know when that hack wlll get in any more." "It broke into a slew this side of the Red Pump tavern," said Brotherton, " and I thought for a couple of hours we'd have to leave it there and ride the horses in." " You look likbe you'd been prying a back outof a slew," obaserved h partner'lowering I his candlestick toward.Drotherton's muddied I and frozen trowseor. " Well, old .Vesuyiusis red hot." ' " Blessed be the devil tbat tends her fires," said Brotherton. "Now, Doe., now'.,' remonstrated the red. m headed man, using the.Western abbreviation-; whaioh sheers eaway a physiolan's dignity. w ,He piloted a track beteit eclustering chir, er left juot an the twvn loafere wre-'wont to leave them when breakling up daily and nightly I court, to a stove at the rear.of thestores. I Though muddy heel marks 'and the stains of t many mouths,showed ncleansed' upon its cylinder surface, it' glowed like a red rose i from within, and Brotherton threw off over coat; hat and gloves upon a ounter and aban doned, himself to its heat. In a secluded 3 corner near the stove appeared the lounge-bad I which his partner had just vacated. A eimi- c lar lair in the opposite corner invited the doctor's weary bones alter a thirty-mile jolt .across the sweep of prairie wind. t " It argues well for our decency that we, retali a' little bit of it when we bunk about i so like dogs; don't it. Itish " he observed. 1 with a laugh, using a village diminutive for I Horatio which Hamlet in all his musings .i never hit upon, . .. "You're just back from them'flesh-pots of 1 luxury the prea?her talks about," responded the druggist. "You'd turn up yournosenow on oysters cooked in the can and e't out of f the white mortar." ' ' "No. I wouldn't," declared Brotherton, I promptly. "So if you've got some In the digging and want a single bite yourself, put I on two cans to simmer." ' "Now, listen to that for extravagance," 1 observed the partner, taking up the candle I and going forward in the store.' Then he knooked sawdust from a tin oblong, cut the top open with his poeketknilo, and reaehed behind.the ipeoao jar for a bundleof crackers. 1 The craskers he brought and spread open far Brotherton to munch at, while the can of 5 oysters thawed and then began 'to leak and e sputter upon the stove, "Popper and salt and a hunk of butter right up there in the white mortar," he ung gested. 'Brothorton himself lifted the white mortar down and blew' a little duet off its . rim. "Don't be so particular," urged Seorit, . "I thought it might be tartar emetic," ex. plained the doctor. "But you're too good a housekeeper to serveo me that way, Secrist. Just as I come back, too." "Well, now, Doo., tell the truth," urged the fat man, stretohiog himeelf in a chair at the other aide of the stove and glimmering at c his friend through half shut oyes. !' When' yen come blok from eivil.i-zation to a god forsaken place like'this,, don't .you think you're making a fool of yourself?" ' ; "No, I don't," rejoined Brotherton. HEo was sitting on the counter:beside.his garments, and his long, strong legs dangled well toward the floor. "This, is experienoe.' I like experience, and I don't like hanging by the eyelids;i A man can be hardening himself here while'he, would collapse to nothing waiting for practlice; . ti a city. It is'nt such a god-foranken place, either." "A row down at Peg-leg's whisky ahop t every Saturday night. iMud add slush up to your eyes in wineor. Agto all fall." " That suitsmo," sid Brothcrt m. Soaettris sneered on : ' "Preaching only' once a month irn 'the echool.housee at early candle-lighting." " There isn't a Christian in town that bears that privation better than you do," laughed the doctor. " O, I ain't sayingithe rultlanly gangi in this neighborhood isn't good enough for me,"' chnckled.the druggist. C" I'm only wonderidng how a follow of your stamp ca, stand it." W What's happened now?" ' " . Nothing," replied the druggist briefly, as he went to a front counter and get a piece of wrapping paper for the purpose of lifting the hot cant. " Here; hold your bool." "TWon't you have some yourself, Ilish? The old tumbler will hold them if yeou give it a steam bath first." " No, I'd rther have some sleep." "You're not going to bunk down without tolling me all the news" '"" "No," said the fat man, slowly. "WWhat news could woe schm up, do you rrelon, though, in the two 'woek you've been grne?"" '13td you were gnaehing about rumntnnly g;ego. Th'are haven't'been any horsethleves thromi:h ?" Senries uttered a negative grunt, sitting on the ide of Itls couch. S: I was oily thinking of old IHiram D;on." "No one has killed him?"!' " No, responded Secrist, with a dissatifled enufile. . -::' I know it's your silent, eeeaoleao pelition that:eomehbdy will kill him,"' chuckled the doctdr,dlppin'g up his oyslers from the white mortar with a broken-handled pewter :poon. "llaishy theseoare a comfort in advfrsity. You hotter have some. " bl E?voyhody nays he hilled .n man onoc," e contioued Sceaist, leaning forward and rest. n ing his arms on his knees. t uby Stirling's Shusband and him went. north togethcr, and d Stirling never was reen aliro afterwards"? r " Yes; l'vo heard you tell that story a dozen r" times," saidllrotherton, applying himself to s his soup with the .east ol an hun rp man, o " But B.aby doesn't believe, it, Stirling's a body was found whole and:untampered with a at hotch Heart disease; congestion, a menan's r misuse of hirstelf that Pools don't know how r to describo ewith aname;e. And if you men Ssuspeoted'Dlirxiowhiy didunt you haul him up e before the courts and invoetigato'i". : r "It was talked of,"replied Seorict, deopond ently. " t ihe haud his explanations ready. Old man Dixon is smart." S !' itby's well, is oshe ?" o Aslrotherton made this ioquiry he throw a quick side glance at his partner. " I thought I hear somebody knock," paid the druggist, turning his head in his palms, and listening. The fire W7ispored. Without the frosty wind swept over village and wood and lost it-. S elf in the vastness of the prairie. There was e a sudden Equeal and scampering in the wall behind Brotherton. "It's not'ing but that old rat," sanid he. "You'll let that old rat live to see his child ren's ohildren to the last generation, before t you'll give him a button." " I wish somebody'd givemo a button that'd I make me sleep tounight,:' exolaimed the drug I gist. I ain't shut my eyeasincedusk." "You were so drowsy yon could hardly open I the door," declared the doctor- . I' -"I was pretendin' to be easy on you, like," explained his partner, painfully. ' Jerome, there has something happened since you went away." " What?." exlaimed Brotherton, feeling his temples expand with large pulse boats. "It isn't anything about old HIiram Dixon-or' Ruby?" e' as you in downright earnest aboiuther, Jerome ? " "I intend to marry. her, that's all," an. swered the doetor, antagonism coming to thei front in his face,. . Doe., Ruby'e dead." She isn't I " exclaimed Brotherton, leap. tog op. i"Dogc., sho's dead." Automatically Brotherton rubbed his finger through the rings which his soup bowl made upon the counter. Buby's delicate aquiline face, lushhd the color of a blush rose, filied; his vision. ; He did not believe it -woe now clay white; that her innocent mouth was sot in" death.. He did not upbraid his partner for supprossing.the newv... There were soa memn by which Secriet could have rcaahid him more quickly-unless he had driven out toe medt the backle.' Seeriat's. voice, procceding in reeital, grew in volume upon hi ear. . . " Blame old Hi Dixon's picture I He would have put her in the ground twelve hours after if it.hadn't been for her Aunt BaRuby Ann and the 'neighbors.". Brotherton grated his hails against the wooden counter.. ""When did she die ?" s 'A Friday morning five at?ya ago. I said you ought to ofe been here all along," prog. nounced Seorist impreosivele, gazing with commiegration at the pallid young mao. " They say it was like this: She was playing with little Nato and toesing alp a ball. When the ball wont into the air ehe was alive and 'well, and whenit touched the floor she was a dead woman. Doee, the coldr didn't go out of her cheeks and she stayed warm. They put .p her between feather btds, and all the other doctors in town tried their best to bring her to, but it'wasn't no uee. I don't believe they knew what it war." SB Shbo lhasn't oeen--?" demanded Broth. orton quickly, coming forward and setting hic foot on the pedestal of the stave. ,The beet loather smoked, and he watched it as it his hopes were exhaling in tile smoke. " No, not yet. But old Hiram Dixon says he won't keep her any longer than early to. morrow foronoona He say's he kept her longer now than anybody ever was kept in MIillport." '. He won't have a funoral while there's the f slightest doubt." . "No, he won't have any more funeral than n he can help.. IHe'll just pop her in the ground n and be done with it. Hie's helping dig the a grave to-night to save expense, and a nice t easy job they have of it the way the ground's d froze. The women say he got the cheapest 0 cofllin that could be bought," continued Secriat, dropping his faots like pebbles into Brother. 0i ton's boiling mind. "llrty'e boy will come into his hands now. And by the time that a boy is 21 years old, ifI Hiram Dixon hasn't a the restof Stirling's property besides what I disappeared when Stirling died, then I ain't p acquainted nfith Hiram Dixon. It's most t all in land, and easy to trusteeo out of the o hands of a minor heir. I'll go up with you, Doe." e. " No, you go to bed and sleep," replied the n dootor, who having mulled himself, was changing medicines in his pill bags eorothers p on the shelves., . "I'll go ul. with you," said the fatman, v bringing forth bie own garmente... "You'll p have a-tueale with old Hiram. It he'sdug hegr, grave and she ien't-dead he'll bliry bhq?ony. how." . t?t. The wind blew out of the north like mobile I and invisible ice. SBirist tied his red woollen i comforter in another knot under hie ohino. t Before some houses lay a narrow; frosty board w as causeway, and across this they walked eihgly to avbid the rough, frozen mud, Ahut p at logs, opening by a latloh.string, and a "iseatbherboarded domicilo, with the door at w the rnar, were close neighbours. There were it tvwo or ahreo briok houses of suom pretensionsg, g inalosed by. palings, and a barred.pad silent a general store, which in daylight divided patronage with one at the other end a of the village. On rising ground stood S the . tavern; a balling place where the a traveller might braec himself for the bleak Ic ride northward. How many. a cutting day had Brotherton taken to that narrow road in at his jumperi his horson breaseting an unatirred ocean of snow. Then, however, he carried t aosy,-warm thoughts within his wraps and i furs;whioh kept him exhilarated. ?Toanight the north treoad was the bleakoat track he had ever seen. Wanderers on the prairie would be sure to perish; or, should they escape, what comfort oould they find in to-morrow, anyhow? g SOpposite the tavern, across a small ravine, I and upon a hill stood the largest house in the town. A road cmrved around it and crawled a down into theo dark eoods. It was, howve, the meanentloohing housnee in the town, its t size only smphaeizoin its dilapidat~on. Thua boar frost aried vainly to ornament with sil. ver p'ating certain anelent garments bulging through broken panes, the erazy naho ratled; nsd looee, unplan ted weather-boarding clapped eoneit nod the doutor, waiting.lfor dmis saion before .tops, on which they datr not Istand both at once, heard the wind howling a tiough thias hollo mansion i 0 its vatant abambers were built only for that pureoie. SBrotherton's chief wish had been to takeluby out of this place into a home of his-onin d making.. heo waees till so much a littloe gil that he never realized her widowhood on her n maturity. -Her child seemed a young brother a whom he would" adopt for love of her. It a forever puezled lhim that a creature like r. Ruby,; nantrllyrreflned and alive to every r. thing beautiful, should be cast in her lot and bound to the peoplbr who held her. The horedity; which gave dark-eyed daughters with childish hands and feet and living saole to Mrs. Dison's like could not be accounted d for by medical science. SMrs Dixon was still afoot and let the Syoung men intuhbr unfurnished hall. Naked o stair-otepe and gaunt bannisteor, against Swhich their abadows were thrown by the moon, seemed tobwelcoine them as congenial I ghosts. s.-One discouraged candle- burned in the v square room:whore most of the living was o done,ýand where dying :wiso to he coneum. p mated ifor there in' thie corner stoodd the :m'rble-liko oblong of eheeto stretched over the tops of chairo, concealing what was held beneath, them upon. the cooling beard. Nao.r by, also upheld by two chairs, waited a black coflin, bulging near the head, but narrowing towards the foot. A stfong shudder darted through the doctor at I this eight, which must have been so common to him. Two other women were watshing with Ruby. One of them, the landlady of I Ithe tavern, came forward to meet her two boarders, and shook hands with the doctor. She was capable and portly, and talked in a hoarse whisper. Being the dead girl's Aunt tuby Ann, she was there to command. .Mrs. Dixon eat down in a remote comer I with her sun-bonnet over her eyes;' She was ( a very thin creature, having canlico garments whioh hung upon her. The contemporaryp w orld seldom caught-her features on account I of this immovable esunbonnot, and it was be. lieved" she would die without naving ever 's f.lly shown her fae. She was not dear, yet 1 when she made one of her scant remarks she shouted it, and people ehouted to her in re. a turn. The major part of her time was o evldently spent in meditation, and Having i Hiram Dixon for her second husband was I:deemed a suflioient excuse for this; I SAunt Raby Ann put a splint.bttemced chair and the one rocker before a sooted and I cave-like flreplacerwhere some green sticks a were weeping upon rusty fire-dogs. The doctor set his pillbogs and bhat upon 1 the splint-bottomed chair, end the landlady t ounderetanding him, took up the candle. During.their conference her voice never rose: above the hoarse whisper proper to the t ooeasion. 1 "Did you git word ?" she inquired. - "Not uetil Secriet told me, after I got out' of tie back." t "tIam glad you're on hand, for he'es r'arin' around to bury her whether or no." She cast I a look of contempt at her sister who could keep a husband in no better -subjection than 1 Hiram Dixon was kept. "1 give her up, and . :then agin' I .go and try once more with a feathers under her noro and a looking glass I held to her mouth. I ean mighty near see a dimness on the glass, and yet I ain't sure of that, neither." - S.oing that Brotherton did not lift the cor. I nor of.the sheet-earcophegog. Aunttoby Ann raised it herself, exposing little touby by the t yellow tongue of the candle. ;Shrouds were t jaet pasiaing out ofrne then, so Ruby weas clad e In her best dross of thin, blank .-ilk, the sleeves flowing away from her elbows and e leaving her arras protected by muslin under. a sleeves. A broad collar of needlework was ii turned down well towardi her shoulders and b fastened at her throat bya mighty brown and ti white cameo pin. Her delicate face was not yet pinched or sunken, its unearIl whiteness Is seeminrg merely to deepen the darkness of 'r her hair. The minuto blue tracery of her eyelid veins and the netwirk on her temples caught the parzo of one who studied her. A it gqegestion of colour like auroral light ap. h peared upon her lips and cheeks. B " She looks nat'ral, don't she, Do ?" whie-. o pared the landlady with emphatic hoarase. it nest. 13 S"Yes," replied- Brothertbn, getting'down h upon his knees and applying his car to her cheat and hear - h "She didn't may which nor t'other, :hbut down she tumbled," shouted Mrs. Dixon from le her corner, turning the mouth of her sun. bonnet upward from a trance of meditation. si and'having discharged this conversaentional re ball she again lowered its muzzle. al lrotherton and the landlady hold a con. ferenco which ended in much trampling on the naked floor and some shifting of the mean furniture, at which hie partner and the neighbour assisted. Mrs, Dixon sat silent, and saw her daughter's body transferred to aT table, with a pail of water beside it, and the ic doctor's morocco oase of inetruments gltter. t1 ing beneath the feeblo candle light. Secrist poked the fire and kept his face c strictly ehimnoyward. ar At the- table long pauses alternated with di whispera and changes of position. Water al oneasionelly dripped on the floor. Mrs. :w Dixon could behold Brotherton'a haggard ex- it preesion, and the quick gesture with which at the back of his hand rubbed moisture from h: his forehead. o " Three dootors has give her urip,' she r ehoatid. and rngin dropped her annbonnot w month, leaving the fact be hit its mark. There was a clock screwed to the wall, with g pineapple shaped weights hanging tw chains. h It had the piteous air of dragging its own a viscera, and was altogether nuoh an incom- h plee clock so the master of such a house n might desire but its iron hands lrpt pree h with time, and- they indicated that Brother- II ton had beeoon experimenting more than an b hour when the pat of naked feet bacame irrogularly distinct on the naked stairs, and the eitting-room door was thrown open so e] wide as to bump against Mr. Dhion's knees. y ".What did you git up for, Nate?" whie. pered the landlady, meeooting him and lifing him to sit on the curve of her arm. The child bi was in a linsey dress, under which seant drap. ing he cuddled his legs, while he searched the it graop around the tablo with large, dark eyes and began to whimper. ae " Her and Natewas tessiu' the ball together a arnd singin' Lord Level," shouted mre. Dixon. rc She bept her ounbormoted head once more a and edt motionless, as if waiting to be re- tc loaded, The landlady turned her face from the table a and carried him around to tbo doctor. d " How do you do, Nate? naid Brothertcl, a taking one of his ague-tinlted olaws and kise. a ing it. SI want my maw, wept out Nato, putting Ii up his trembling under-lip. tl " Gall her," said Brotherton, taking the I child upon his own arm. " Aaw, O, maw l" called Natoe. "iO, I'm u afraid epstairs alone. Makoher wake, Docker ri B'utterton I" 'The yorng man moved one one of Ileby's " If yen ean't rouse her, Nate, ale's beyond the reach of love and despair, Callher p again." " Doe., Doo.l" remonstrated the Tadlady. "If you setl him to takin' on we never will git him peodered again." " - "And not of her bosom grew a red, red. r, oe, and out o hi'n grew a brisr," ehoutod Mre., Dixon, Her knees being egin threatoued ' i , ' it by the opening door, she dreow herself together in as if cellaniemg. at It was an old man who came in. He fiaed a. the glare to blue goggles upon the tfble. His y iron grey hair met with iron-grey beiiad apBn n his check-bones and formed a baggy enartain f reaeching his shoulders. Au if sin, rain ead or manyseasona' wear had nd dobne their wors er for his aneient and ill-favoured clothing, he It was freshly glazed with frozen mold uetin, e and his daer paws were yellowed by oldf r- quite to the frayed coat sleeve. hnutting the d door so that a responsive ehudder ran through io the whole house, he demanded at once: a "Who's a meddlin' with that corpse ?" s "The slate of Illinpis," replied Sec?lst d from the fire place. " " The State of Illinois can get out of my a house then," said the old man, waghgg his d hoary shag. " I don't keep a qedical oflee." it Hiram Dixon," spoke oeat tle la,,dla'., is "ain't you willin' every meanse should e al tried to see if life's left in Ruby ?" "I am," said the druggist, "and I'm the a constable." s "Yeou can't buryher to- morrow, MrDixoe" s. said Brotherton. '"I am not ready to pf. a nounce her dead." ." I'll bury her to.morrow as sure ae tbd d esu rises," said old Hiram Dixon. "AndI - . knowed you coulda't tell a dead woman from a live one." He came forward in his ausal stooped and Istillened posture, and Nate, with one arm around the doctor's neck, watched him fear. a fully. " 'll bury her to- morrow, and I'll fasten her up in her coffin now, to keep meddlers out. a And I'll set on it the rest of the time, if no. thing else'll do." a "Hiram Dixon, are you possessed? " cried t out Boby's aunt. . "Lot him alone," said the doetogr whitening through his lips, " only see that she's moved decently." " Keep your dirty, layey hands off, then," dictated the landlady, "and let" Seekers and. o Doe. Smith's wife and me-pu her in." "Thy grew and they.grow to the chnrch Ssteeple top, and there they salda't get no I higher," shouted Mrs. Dion,, aiming her quotation at the ceiling over the heads of her discordant inmates. Whatever emotion alo felt at seeing her daughter's body plaeed.in its lost receptacle was concealed within the muzzle of the sunbonnet and made no ex. plosive escape. i "Now I hope you're satisfied," said Aunt i Ruby Ann to the old masn beginiang to weep and wring her nose between her thumb and one finger, when the last erackling fold of taby'e drapery was laid straight. "If theyve all, even to Doe. Brothrton, give her up, I e'pose I'll have to." 'I'll be satisfied when tee screws is drlo to place," replied Hiram bson, fittiing the lid with such oallous eaxatness that she felt herself impelled to add with biting ensure: \- "I believe you'd lik to have Nat in there, too," .. The old man looled up, and his speetanles in the dim-light seemed to flame lils wolf 1 yes. He was exasperated to a point beyond ohis endurance, and Nate's linsey dress was f within easy reach. Ono of the boy's bare feet dienohed a round of the chair which supported fRuby's head, as he lifted himself up to look down at her. "I'M put him in," said old Hiram, grabbing the boy, and instantly the shingles on the roof seemed rent by Nate's shriek to 'hil mothier. Some mufisd sound mingled with the noise he made, and the doctor being fist . to reauh him was the first to see Anby's open -He was holding'her child under one of his arms. and lifting her head with the other, when Mire. Dixon fired off the conclusion of that doggeral ballad with which her mind has been so heavily charged .by Ruby's last rcope tition of it: "And there they entwined in a trec lover's knod for all true lovers. to admire, 'miro, 'mire; for all true lovers to admire." Traditions oft-ubyy Stirling's trance still linger about Miliport. -You may yet hear how she tried to move, bat could not; how Brotherton let Hiram - Dixon 'do his worst in 'order to teet the effect of a shockeand hbowhe took her" away after their marriage,' keeping 13irain Dixon utterly umbte froan horself and her eon thenceforward. - Ahigh school building to-day ocoagpies the hill wher the old:house sto ., arid Ruby's , unpersant stepfather has lain for yearetrost. looked and grass.bound, in the ;ontgrowna grave-yard; hie wife-presumably witklher son bonnet over her eyea-beside him. The railroad and telephone connect' lillpoa with ' all the world, and the town can hnadlybe.: - lieve such talotes told of its early youth-' 