QUEENSLAND BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. THE annual meeting of the Queensland Baptist Association was formally opened in Wharf-street Baptist Church yesterday after, noon by Mr. George Grimes, the retiring president. After a short prayer meeting, the retiring president introduced the Rev. W. Higlett as president for the year 1885-6. A cordial vote of thanks, was accorded to the retiring president, who suitably acknowledged the same. A' hearty welcome was given to the Revs. E. Tucker, J. GIover, W. Whale, and J. Nitz. After the roll of delegates had been called, the minutes of the last annual meeting and of the half-yearly meeting were read and confirmed. The Baptist Church at Minden was admitted into the association., The annual report was read by the secretary (Mr. G. A. Buzacott and was as follows: In presenting the annual report, your committee desire to express their gratitude to God for the measure of success which has attended their labours during the past year. Whilst the increase of membership in the Churches is not so large as last year, yet there is much cause for thankfulness for the peace and unity which prevails, and for the signs apparent in some of our Churches of advancement in spirituality by an increasing interest being manifested in the prayer meetings and social gatherings. It should also be borne in mind that the returns are only for eleven months instead of twelve, owing to the annual meeting being held this year in October, a month earlier than they have been held for several years past. Had the returns been furnished to 31st October, as in previous years, they would have shown more favourably by a larger increase of membership. Through the action of the association the Rev. E. Tucker was introduced to the Church at Rockhampton, which resulted in the acceptance by him of a call from the Church to assume the pastorate in the early part of this year, and it is pleasing to note that his labours have been attended with success, notwithstand- ing great trials. Our brother shortly after accepting the pastorate was prostrated by fever, and a large number of the Church and congregation suffered from the prevailing epidemic. This for a time seriously interfered with the work of the Church, but the results were an increased interest in the meetings, and hopes are expressed of a further progress in Christian labour in the future. The Rev. W. White could not see his way to accept the pastorate of the church at Maryborough, and after labouring for three months in that town he returned to Launceston. Steps were then taken to secure a minister for Maryborough from England, and a cordial invitation WAS given to the Rev. W. Bonser, of Fenton, in Staffordshire. On receipt of the invitation by Mr. Bonser his wife was dangerously ill, and he was unable to give an answer. Since then your committee have learnt with deep regret of Mrs. Bonser's death, and they desire to express their sincere sympathy with our brother in his severe trial. From a letter received recently from the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, it is learnt that Mr. Bowser is willing to come out to Maryborough, and in order to expedite the matter a cablegram has been sent to Mr. Spurgeon, and it is hoped that intimation of Mr. Bonser having sailed from England will shortly be received. The Rev. John Shaw arrived in the colony in January last, and is now settled as the pastor of the Fortescue-street Church, Under our esteemed brother's ministrations, the work of the church has greatly revived, and great spiritual good is expected to result therefrom. The severance of the Rev. H. Coombs from the Wharf-street church, and the loss sustained by the denomination by his departure from the colony owing to continued ill-health has been the cause of deep and general regret. Whilst health permitted Mr. Coombs took an active interest in the work of the association, and your committee desire to recognise his worth, and to express their very great sympathy with him in his affliction. Their earnest prayer is that God in His providence will speedily restore our brother, and place him in a field of labour where he may be permitted to work even more zealously for his Master than he has done in the past, and that his efforts to extend Christ's kingdom may be crowned with in- j creasing success. Your committee congratu- late the Wharf-street church on having secured so worthy a successor to Mr. Coombs as Mr. Whale, whom they must cordially welcome as a fellow- labourer in the Master's service. The half-yearly meetings of the association were held in April last at Ipswich. On the afternoon of the 20th April the Rev. Higlett read a most interesting paper on Some hindrances and helps to Church pros- perity," In the evening a public meeting was held in the School of Arts, when addresses were delivered by the Rev. J. Kingsford on " Bap- tists : who and what are they ?" and by the Rev. W. V. Young on, " Why am I a Baptist?" In the evening of the following day the half yearly sermon was preached by the Rev. John Glover, from the text, " Abide with us." After this a united Communion service was held. The meetings were all fairly attended, and considerable interest was evoked in the work of the association. Our brother Cavanagh completed his engagement at the Albion with the Jireh Church in August last, when he was again engaged for evangelistic work in. connection with some of our churches under the direction of the association. Acting on a resolution passed at the last annual meetings, advantage was taken of Miss Arnold's visit to Queensland, for the purpose of of bringing under the notice of the churches the claims of Indian Missions, and in July last the Queensland Baptist Missionary Society was formed. Particulars of the formation of this society, and of its work, form the subject of a separate report. In the Home Mission branch the calls for help have been greatly in excess of the ability to respond to, and several urgent appeals for assistance have been necessarily deferred through lack of funds. Promising fields of labour are open, and the responsibility attach- ing to the denomination to occupy them is increasing in intensity, and if we are to maintain our position in the colony, more activity and sympathy and practical help must be manifested by all our churches. Attention was invited during the meetings to a letter from the Baptist Association of New Zealand asking our co-operation in bringing the two well known evangelists, Messrs. Fullarton and Smith, to Australia. All the home churches testify to the works of these brethren and to the good accomplished by their ministry. If by the combined efforts of the colonies the proposed visit can be secured the result would, it is hoped, be the conversion of many to God and the awakening of Christians to a holder and nobler life. In conclusion your committee would desire to impress upon the denomination the need for money to carry on this work, and the necessity that exists for the churches to be prompt and regular in sending in their collections. They regret to state that from some of the churches no collections have been received, whilst others do not contribute regularly. Through these derelictions the action of your committee is crippled. Let us then awake to a sense of our responsibilities, and resolve to make the year upon which we are entering the most memorable in our history. The following items in connection with the work of individual churches connected with the association may prove of interest. In connection with the church at South Brisbane a branch church has been erected at the Thompson Estate at a cost of £252, and affording sitting accommodation for 100 persons. A Sabbath school is held every Sunday afternoon and a service is held on Sunday evenings, and a week evening service on Tuesdays. At Fortescue-street it has been determined to erect a manse for the minister on the ground adjacent to the church building, and also to endeavour to clear off the debt on the church property and for those purposes an appeal is now being made to members of sister churches to enable them to secure these very desirable objects. At Windsor-road the accommodation afforded by the present building has proved altogether inadequate, and it has been determined as soon as possible to erect a new and more suitable place for worship. A site of land has been secured in the neighbourhood of the present church, and plans for a building are in course of preparation by Mr. Gai Icy. As soon as these are rcadyactivcstepswiil bo takentoobtain the necessary funds to carry out the work. At Maryborough the friends have erected a nice building, capable of seating 150 persons, at a cost of £050 including the cost of the land, and have succeeded in paying off about £430, leaving a debt of £200. The opening services were conducted by the Rev. H. Coombs on the 27th September, and were very successful. The church at Rockhampton has been renovated during the year, and the vestry at the back of the platform thrown open, thus affording increased sitting accommodation at a cost of about 600 Application has been made by the Baptist Church at Minden for admission to the association ; the friends * . iff grasses there was erected a place, of Worship, which was. opened in t 'May' last. The meetings are well attended, and considerable interest is main yesteday the general work of the Church. At Toowoomba an additional preaching station has been opened at Mer- rites Creek with fair prospects of success. The services at Bulimba have been sustained. The land given by Mrs. Johnston for Church purposes has been surveyed, and a description and plan prepared, and all that is now required is the preparation of the transfer. This, it is expected, will be effected in the course of a week or two. This the oldest station in connection with the denomination, is worthy of careful attention and from the large population settling in the neighbourhood promises to be a good field for labour. The report was adopted. From the treasurer's statement it appeared that the receipts for the year on the general account amounted to £68 9s. 10d., and on the Home Mission account to £120 9s. 8d., making a total of £188 19s. 6d. The expenditure on general account was £17 3s., and on Home Mission account £149 Gi. 2d., leaving a balance in hand of £22 10s. 4d. The report of the Queensland Baptist Missionary Society was next read and adopted. This report, opened with a reminder of the resolution to remove the reproach of idleness in foreign mission work agreed to at the last annual meeting of the association December, 1884. The visit of M Arnold, of the, Zenana female mission to Brisbane, provided the opportunity for giving effect to the resolution. She arrived in Brisbane on 5th June last, and held her first meeting on the same evening in the South Brisbane Church. At that meeting a Foreign Missionary Society, designated the Queensland Baptist Missionary Society, was formed primarily for the purpose of supporting lady missionaries to the Zenana women in East Bengal, An undertaking was given to send out two such missionaries with power to engage native agents, conduct schools, so, as funds would permit. Subsequent to this meeting, Miss Arnold visited all the Baptist Churches in the colony, and aroused a strong missionary spirit, and obtained substantial aid. Enough was raised to supply outfit and passage-money to India, and pay a quarter's salary in advance to Miss Plested, connected with Jireh Baptish Church, who volunteered for the work. Prior to her departure valedictory meetings were held in Ipswich and Brisbane and, on route to India, at Melbourne and Adelaide, at each of which cities she was joined by other ladies bound on a similar mission. It is hoped that eventually Miss Pleased, in conjunction with others, will occupy SouthlMyiuensing, a district adjacent to that now worked by the Churches of victoria. She will, however, at first remain with Miss Arnold and the other ladies at Furreedpore acquiring a knowledge of the language and learning the mode of work best suited for her special mission. Reference was made to the establishment of regular missionary prayer meetings and Zenana mission sewing meetings in connection with several of the churches in the colony. An appeal was made for assistance in the profitable use of missionary boxes for the collection of funds. All the churches and a number of persons were thanked, but special reference was made to the efforts of the Ipswich Church. The missionary work in India will be under the supervision of the Rev. George Kerry, of Calcutta, belonging to the British Society, and who will probably visit Queensland early in next year. In conclusion, a question as to the relation of the Queensland Baptist Missionary Society with the Queensland Baptist Association, and as to how far the work of the former was to be controlled by and connected with the latter, was submitted for the consideration of the ministers and delegates, assembled. Several notices were given of motions for discussion this afternoon. The ministers and delegates then adjourned to the schoolroom for tea. PUBLIC MEETING. A public meeting was held in the evening in the church. The PRESIDENT (Rev. W. Higlett), after a brief introduction, delivered the following inaugural address on SELF SACRIFICE IN OUR WORK. It is almost needless to say that I do not mean exclusively ministerial work. The Son of man, taking a far journey, " gave authority to his servants, and to every man his work." Alas ! that we often overlook this, that we have neglected the Master's command, and so far departed from the divine ideal that now we speak of " Christian workers " as if it were not incumbent upon every Christian to be a worker. We fondly hope to quiet conscience by supporting others who work, but God demands their services, and ours too. Work done by proxy is no more recognised in Scripture than vows made by sponsors. It neither brings a reward, nor relieves us of responsibility. Understand, therefore, that I speak of the work of every Christian. I would further point out that there is a distinction between self-denial and self-sacrifice. In this money-making and pleasure-seeking ago, we fear the former is far too rare, while the latter is the exception rather than the rule. Self sacrifice includes the forbearing to gratify one's own appetites and desires, but it does not stop there. It involves the yielding up of one's interests, feelings, powers-in short, everything, as absolutely as the owner yielded up all claim to the animal he presented to the priest for sacrifice. Ia a similar manner we make sacrifice of self, and henceforth are not our own, but are at the disposal of Him who gave Himself for us, in order to " purify unto himself a people for his own possession." Let us consider THE OBLIGATION TO SELF SACRIFICE. Unless this is clearly recognised we shall labour in vain, and spend our strength for nought. 1, First then, this obligation is imposed upon every believer by the example of Jesus Christ. We are saved by grace through faith, not of works lest any man should boast. When we first beheld the Saviour, with that look which gave us life, we saw him as " the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world."' under deep conviction of sin we found pardon through him " who his own self bear our sins in his body upon the tree." As transgressors of the law we were under its curse, but we obtained deliverance through him who " became a curse for us." Being far from God by wicked works, we were made high in the blood of Christ, who suffered for sins once the righteous for the unrighteous, that he might bring us to God." It was Christ's atonement that brought peace in our dire distress ; it was the sprinkled blood of our passover that assured us of safety. Never can we forget this, and never, I trust, shall we preach anything " save Jesus Christ, and him crucified." Nevertheless, we cannot overlook the fact that Jesus is our pattern as well as our Redeemer,, that he not only died for our sins according to the Scriptures," but that he also left us, an example that we should follow His steps." Acknowledging this, what more need I say it: It requires no argument to show you that the example He set was pre-eminently one of self sacrifice. This was manifest through. His. whole earthly career, the Cross being its. wont droits culmination, The decease which. he accomplished at Jerusalem was in the fullest harmony with His whole life ; it was not the sum total, but the finishing of the work which, was given Him to do. Have we- been no deemed by His blood? And we called by, His, name ? Do we profess to be His disciples s; Then obligation is laid upon us to walk even as He walked to make our lives a sacrifice resembling. His who said, " I have given you an, example that ye should do as I have done to you." 2\. This obligation is imposed upon us- by the express commands of Scripture. Jesus Christ. did not all sure disciples by fair promises to the exclusion of the darker side of discipleship He would have every follower first count the cost. They must be ready to sell all to obtain the pearl of great price. They must have even their own, life also." Christ's, self sacrificing spirit is contagious. None of the early disciples said that aught of the things which he possessed was his own." Paul caught the infection and exclaimed. "Yes, and if I tim offered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith, 3 joy, and rejoice with, you all." Nor did he consider it demanded from the Apostles alone, for he declares "'None of us liveth to himself, and one- death. to himself. For whether we live, we live until the Lord; or whether we die, we die unto the Lord whether we live, therefore, or disease are the Lord's." In deed, the purpose of Christ's, death will be in a measure frustrated if this is. not attained, for it is, " to this end Christ died and lived again." john also argues that "because Christ laid down his life for us. we ought to lay down. our lives for the lengthens' That word "ought" expresses obVigatiou. So, too, Paul writes " Ye are not your own for ye were bought with a prize j glorify God therefore in your body." Further argument he finds in the mercies of God, by which he beseeches us " present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable, to God, which is your TCHan ole service I have said enough. We cannot dispute the obligation, and I, trust we are not desirous of shirking the responsibility. Constrained by Divine love, we joyfully'accopt the position which is thus enforced by both example and precept- by '. -, "Not my own." but saved by Jesus', Who redeemed me by his blood ; Gladly I accept the message, I belong to Christ the Lord I Let us now, in the second place, consider II THE OUTCOME OF THIS SELV- XAQStlFIOl!. In the heart and life it would be marked by strong faith, which it at once both supposes and produces. It would also tend to holiness, and indeed to the development of every Christian grace and virtue. In our present paper we wish to limit our consideration to i to effect upon our work. 1\. Foremost among its results will be un- wavering fidelity to the truth. We are told that " theological thought is in a state of transition. Old creeds are losing their hold upon the belief of our time, and new ones are being fashioned." May we not exclaim, '"Tis true, 'tis pity a pity 'tis 'tis true ?" Not that we object to now modus of expression, but we fear the general tendency is to depart from the simplicity of Christ, and teach for doctrines the commandments of men. Most of these de- partures from the truth have their root in selfishness-the very opposite of self-sacrifice. Sometimes it is a desire to gratify self by pro- claiming "original" thoughts rather than eternal verities. Sometimes it is a desire for popularity, for the Athenian love of novelty is far from extinct. Sometimes it is a selfish pandering to the tastes of the people, who cry now, as in Isaiah's day, Prophesy not unto us right things ; speak unto us smooth things prophesy deceits." In response to this popular cry, there is a toning down and explaining away of the sterner truths of God's word. Eternal punishment is regarded as an old scarecrow. Calvinism' is an estate Puritanical dogma; the atonement has no longer any vicarious aspect, and the new birth can be dispensed with except in very severe cases. To extol human nature, and to decry the sovereignty of God, is the order of the day, until every precious truth is becoming enveloped in a cloud of uncertainty, and the new gospel of "Doubt and live raabe expected to be proclaimed speedily. I do not misrepre- sent the case when I say that this generally springs from selfishness. It certainly does not spring from the word of God. Indeed, we are not referred to the Bible for proofs, but are plainly informed that it is the new theology" which declares one thing and emphasises ano- ther, and does not dogmatically assert something else. O that men would cease from their own wisdom and let the voice of God be heard. I do not consider, brethren, that we are in so much danger in this matter as others. Our very existence as a denomination is owing to our loyalty to Christ's laws and ordinances, to our demanding a Thus saith the Lord for our faith and practice. This loyalty we shall jealously maintain, even in the smallest matters, if we constantly regard ourselves as sacrifices to God. To be charged with bigotry, to be called puritanical, to become popular, to be considered behind the times, none of these things will move a person whose full surrender to God includes even his reputation. He will exclaim, "With me it is a very small thing that I should be judged of you, or of man's judgment ; yea, I judge not mine own self . . . but he that judgeth me is the Lord." He does not follow cunningly devised fables, but obeys the Divine injunction, " Hear the word at my mouth, and give them warning from me." He has re- nounced self, his own cleverness, and ability, and genius, and humbly sits as a little child at the feet of Jesus to hear his word. He speaks " not in words which man's wisdom teacheth, but which the spirit teachers," for his body is a temple of the Holy Ghost, and his utterances are the oracles of God. Times of transition do not affect him, for he is not his own, and his Master is the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever. He will not fear, but remain steadfast and immovable C .Im 'mid the bewildering ory, Confident of victory, Hark the music, loud and sweet, Thrills our heart and stirs our feet ; Brethren, hands upon your swords. Let us shout, " VVo or the Lord's. 2\. Another result will be fearlessness of testimony. It is quite conceivable that person may hold sound doctrine and yet shrink from proclaiming it. The persecutions to which, as Baptists, we have been subjected, is evidence that as a denomination we have been bold to speak the things most surely believed among us. But I would now deal with individuals rather than the whole body, and with daily life rather than pulpit ministry. Are we all thus fearless I is it, not a fact that we have shrunk from, faithful dealing with some companion or friend, because it would have made him an enemy I Have we not let the wicked go their way without warning because that would have entailed ridicule and persecution ? Have we not neglected to go literally into the highways and hedges to compel men to come in, because we should have been deemed fanatical. Thus have we been brought into a snare by the fear of man, which spirit is utterly antagonistic to self-sacrifice. in respect of fearless testimony the Salvation Army set us an example worthy of imitation. The imitation, however, need not extend to their methods of work. Jesus never needlessly provoked opposition, but always displayed the greatest tact and discretion in his methods of work, yet none can say that he was moved by the fear of men. Prudence is good, but beware lest your so-called prudence become simply a cloak for laziness and cowardice. In the eyes of the world the most imprudent men that ever lived since apostolic times were Luther, Bunyan, Knox, Wesley, and others of the same stamp. Whence arose in their fearlessness, and whence our timidity! The answer may be found in the word self sacrifice. These men had fully consecrated themselves to God. Self was renounced, sacrificed, absorbed in Jesus Christ. Thus they became indifferent to man's judgment, and the word of God being like fire in their bones, t nothing could restrain them. They were ready not only to be persecuted and bound, but also to die for the name of the Lord Jesus. Closely allied to the foregoing, but neverthe- less distinct, we notice in the third place , 3. Self-sacrifice will lead to consuming zeal. ' very little effect is produced upon the earth by the cold, clear shining of the stars. It needs the sun, with warmth as well as light, to change the face of nature. So a cold orthodoxy will produce but little influence upon the hearts of men. We must be like John the Baptist, burning as well as shining lights. In how many instances can we trace success, not to great talents so much as to intense zeal. As charity covers a multitude of sins, so zeal covers a multitude of imperfections. It is no disparagement to say that Bunyan, Baxter, and Whitfield were not on a level in intellectual gifts with Manton, Owen, and Bishop Butler. Their greater usefulness lay in their burning zeal, their consuming passion for souls. It is not so much the weight of the bill., let, but the force with which, it is sent, which makes it so effective. To meditate upon the love of God, the death of Christ, the awful state of the lost the bliss of the redeemed all these, and kindred, con. ' aiderations, should arouse us to earnestness-; but we direct you now only to that which stimulated the Apostle Paul namely, self sacrifice. " For the love of Christ constraineth us, because we thus judge that one creditor all, therefore all died and he died for, all that they which live should no longer live unto ' themselves, but unto him who for their, sakes died and rose again." In the constant realisation of this, lifesaver be otherwise than earnest. Living for him of whom, on account of his zeal, it was said, " He is beside himself," it will soon be that of us also. " The zeal of thine house bath- heater me up." 4\. A fourth outcome of this self-sacrifice will be increased brotherly love. Thus. it. is true concerns the heart rather than the work, but the lack of it is, an unquestionable hindrance to the work of God. It will not, be necessary to dwell upon. Sins at length. In, its. exercise I am persuaded) we do not cross, behind other Churches, held at the same time dissension and division bettween individuals, and parties are not altogether unknown to us. The remedy is to be founded self-sacrifice, It is evident, on the fact' of it, that he who regards self as sacrificed to 6 ed. will neither give: nor take offence, unless it be the offence, of the cross. He is dead, and dead men tell no tales,, and give heed to no scandals. True, he she lives in the West, but it is not want Christ liveth in me," and the indwelling Christ will provoke to nothing but love and. good ROcks, We have thus endeavoured to show that fidelity, fearlessness, zeal, and love will all be promoted by self-sacrifice. Now, in conclusion, let us notice the bearing of this upon the present condition of our Churches. We need a revival. While some are rejoicing in a measure of success, others are deploring barrenness, and all long for seasons of refreshing from the presence of the Lord. There is the prospect of a visit from two well-known evened it out as the editor of our Freeman weft asks "Why need we wait until those brethren arrive?" In drawing your attention to the outcome of self sacrifice have I not also pointed out the essential elements (humanly speaking) of a revival ? Towards this we should make a great stride if we could eradicate selfishness from the Lord's people. How true it is to-day that "all seek their own, not the "I have already done SOMEONE." "ought not to have to work so hard "I ought to receive more consideration," Thus we talk of hard service, of self-denial, of sacrifice. The big "I" occupies MW whole, range- of vision, whereas there should be no use for it best to spell the word Christ, flow long we are in learning that we are not our own that we belong to him, and he has a rights do as he pleases with us. We must be more' wits Jesus if we would more resemble battle in this. Beholding his glory we shall be changed into the same image. Through communism - - with him we shall catch his spirit, and tJtoOi will joyfully sing-- All that I am, and all I have, shall be for over There Whate'er my duty bids me give, My cheerful hands resign, Yet if I might make some reserve, And duty did not call ; I love my God with zeal so great That I should give him all. It will not end there, nor with us. As fire spreads from one blade of grass to another, so one heart aflame for Christ shall kindle others. Living and speaking for Jesus only, and with heart aglow with holy love, "'many shall see it, and fear, and shall trust in the Lord. The earth shall be prepared to receive her Lord, for the nation shall be born at once." "The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them, and the desert shall rejoice and blossom as the rose." Then having proved with Paul that " to me to live is Christ," we shall find that "to die is gain." Or, blessed thought! instead of being unclothed, we may be clothed upon, that what is mortal may be swallowed up of life " For yet a very little while, he that cometh shall come, and shall not tarry ;" and then, 'amid waving palms and shouts of victory, we shall forget the hardships, the losses, the persecutions, the sacrifices of the present, in the glories of that coronation day. And above the joy of our own exaltation will be that which comes from seeing Him in whom our souls delight crowned with many crowns. And like the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thunderings, the anthem shall peal forth with music, sweeter than mortals know, " Alleluia, for the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth-' Oh that, with yonder sacred throng. We as his foot may call ; We'll join the everlasting song. And crown Him Lord of all. Short addresses were given by the Revs. E. Tucker and W. E. Young, after which-the proceedings terminated. 