THE .g.J.C. A1EET1KG. THE ETEfi PLCCHASE DAY. The S u.h Aurteallnu J.ck y Otnh't? mo Kcelirg WAS bivght io a annolustvn t -day with a gocd hftornnen'H upoit, Thro wore fivo mot on Iho programme, conl ting o! the fifOMsd llnidlci ttftco, lh Lirttea' B.-acolot. tin BteMd-shfB, thn Oi-nrlly l?Utr, ftod tha B. A J.O. Hiicdlcnp, Tto jurnplug oventa had em '1 r ?r.trio» tlu-n wo ate acaartnuad to, bnt the II «fc pc€b flllod will, orpsoMly the L » iiei' I3:ec».Jf t and tbo S, A.J.O. Hradioap, in both c-f which moil ol tho bait porforrocrs wsro ocgrgrr. Oonrtderablo loterut o-utred iu tho S.A.J.O ITaudianp, us It pvomimd to affoid soixs c.f the cup oacdHntes an opportunity uf fiL-trag thsi balt!o o'er egain. It wdi tho unci ubtod cplilon ol tho baokor? n' Birdia. thrt ho would have won tbo iace bnt lot Ueiog lot rter/d with mo»o thru one, and tho proidon whioh ho oo- cnpUd at thooiom nffxdod some juatificatinn for tho opinion. Thoio wh ) von on Lord Wil- trn, hosvovcr, oouridered, that "ho was qnllo good rnmgh to en) tic- the proUnoioos ol any ol Lis oppcuonte, ocd wftre folly /a'iefisdto pin tfceir 'Mth to him again at th« woigbtx. Trnrt l?ar tLJn riop was w»ra hy Claptrap, rldJon by llelcii, with Lracnalox eooood and Crz jeolu?6 third, tbo lMt»r boing ridden b) Crnckucl), Ooly thu tbreu wout, aud tho tin r, fiisiu 4400, nhowe that tho tiio took tbiigr ctaily. Tcii morning brake rather glofuily, but nppnarnooM Improved as tbo forennou wore on, ad Unday tuvued out fins and i'1-nennt, Theaourse, which bni h'oume hf-rdi t than ou Saturday, was ooaioqusntly more errno'va to good rFO/rds tbnn dazing the other days ol the mooliog. SECOND HURDLE RACE A Hufdiotp SwrarBlakis olCsove each fur ibdern, with 100 ri ve added. About ons n.ilo ond tfareo quirt, re KCHO (O-irrigon) 1 TATTLTUK (Haht) 2 MINEUVA (M'Jjo4) 3 PllflllllAnl fn.tol .Mil f T _ WWII MU1I. BUU AOIIUW uauiaiBr (T/ih:in) also started. Lutebt Uclliug : 2 to 1 against MIcorvP, 5 to 1 ftgoinrt Echo, 4 to 1 ag.dunt TuUler, 10 (0 1 sgainrt Cockboat or Yellow Himmor, Tho fixe tusnnrs worn dceprtohr;d to a pood itsrt, E0J10 and YullowIIaxunor phowid in ad- vanoe ae they oamc up thoet>alght,and tho ordor as tbry cleared tbo ft-et jump was Echo, Yellow Hammor nnd Minerva. Fovelng the Bland, Yellow Hammer hed a slight advan tage ovt.r Ejbo, and Tattler wmb ntxt, It rand- Ing the turn, Yulloiv Hiuitnus and Eobo warn in thn vn, followed by Minerva Cockbni't ard Tiltl.-r, By tho rivnr cldol'teho ard Y-liow Hammer toparattd tbcmiclvos fiam tho oibtr (lire, who ware headed by Minerva, Cockboat whipping ia, hteho wan a little fo tho fojtl of Tatter no tho rallzrny bridge was Inft bohind, tho cidr ol tbo others being Miuoiva, Yel low Itemmfr aud Cockboat, Koho Imf roved bis poili»a,r'end ted Titder by two tength. At thn back Mraorva btirg a Icog'h off third Rtd Yollow Hammor lent, Tho outer wac muob tha r.amo p.issiog tho khedr, Eolo still bdog a teugth io bont ol TuUler aud Yel low Hummer tailirg off, MinrrvA then woit op to Eobo and tho (woraad hard for tho lead Into the atraighr, F.»h ) bring first round tbe tnru, Oaekboat rond onsttempt to setup ou the inside, but failed, Mirorva dropped baaV, ard TMll.y challaopiog Euho a migulfisent cozteit inraed, Ourrig-.n, a(«o? a duiporatoand exciting finish, landing Ezho a winner by a oore, Mmerva was third, and Cockboat wax fou»U', Tiaip, 3m!u. 24 jf e. LADIES BRACELET. A Handicap raee for all borsm nnminat-d by Jadi'BORly, First horse, a b/aoaict value 100 gnlnens ; recocd borra, n bricolot valui COr.irea. Aooopkraco,-! sov at ssate, Ojo REMUS (OracknelJ) i EASTLYNNE (ET. Brovn) 2 Ml LE3 ( Davie) 3 Tbe following weio thu alerters Middle- mnroh (Robertenn), Lratern (Gdllagher), Tho Ghost (J, William) Motcor (Burton), AogUsty (3L AlbsnO, Riugmaator (1'fgp), Ddodua (T. WillUmx), Ace (Core), Oaprt /.Forvpt), Country Boy (Fl/nspev), Olivrttj (Sasdsr), Forlorn Hopo (VVncd), Lucky Hit (Sevlor), Die tilUr (T. O'Brown), Eart Lynno (H. Brown), Mi)e% (Davie), and Itemnv (O/aoknoll). Latiet Betting.— 4 to 1 agafnet Lxntero, G to 1 against Rcmu, 8 1 > 1 Country Boy, The Glort, acd Middlomarcb, 10 to 15 to I against Iho others. Won by a neok alter a fiat rao. Time, lmln, 