v" '''' ' " " CHAPTER XXXI. 'v You may be su're that.Mr. Digby lost no •time in 'jogging Lady Ravenliill's memory, •ancl.tclling^berthat delays wero dangorons. She promised him faithfully that as soon as '6yer the'doctor gave her leave to go out she (would go up to London, and herself leave •the diamonds in Mr. Issachar's hands ; but she<must wait untii thon. ' '' Whom could she trust with her diamonds ^jid; her secret ?. l\Ir. Digby modestly sug gested: himself] but to this Eleanor, with unsuaf; prudence*' returned a vory decided negative ■ ' . • . ;. ' fAter.a morning's^intervicw-with her tor niontor a letter from Mary Fortes'cue by the second post 'wasra" very welcome distraction to her thoughts. . It was long, and full of sage.counsel and advice, and ran as follow: "MyDkarkst Nellie,—We camo back on .Monday night,..after such a tossing in the Channel 1 I was so deadly sick I thought I should have given up the ghost. Wo are only at home for a week, for we are bound to^orkshire on' a long-promised visit on Saturday ; only for that I would come and quarter, on you. And now, my dear, what have you heen doing. You had best make a.cloan breast of it, for I cannot make out what you are driving at. Hugh was here yesterday—I mean Lord Ravenhill, but I always call him Hugh to myself. Ho said lib was passing through from Paris, and thought he would liko to look us up. My own impression is that he came h'ere ex pressly to see me, and to have a long talk about you, and if you won't give mo yolir confidence' he. will. Now are you jealous. ? ' " He aked me to conic out and talce a turn with him on the parade, and I could soo that he had something on his mind—something ho wanted to tell mo—and of course, heinga very good-natured young woman, I gave him a helping hand, and it all come out. I asked a great many questions about you to begin with, and thus opened- up the subject beautifuly, and after a little he told me that you and he had parted. He said he could not stand it any longer; that you had got a fixed idea in your head that lie was guilty of a crime, of which lie was as innocent as I am ; that appearances were against him cer [ tail\r;—to you, and you only ; but appear ances were deceitful, ' However, nothing could shake her belief in his being a criminal of the deepest dye. What the supposed crime was he did not tell mc, and I did not ask : but you know. Whatever it is, he is innocent, or I'll believe all men robbers, murderers, and perjurers. His looks, his voice, his whole manner bear the stamp of truth, and of, what is more, injured innocence. More than this, he . that you had entirely repudiated himns your husband, that you went against his wishes, refused to listen to his advice, and, I am afraid, my dear, altogether conducted your self rather badly. I am inclined to be his partisan, Nellie, not yours, and there's the truth for you. I believe he really cares for you, and you don't care a fig for him, and treat him as if he wore a monster. r' i. ? He said he was not going to hold out the olive branch again, that he had done all he could to please you and failod, and that, as far as he was concerned, he would not trouble'you again. However, I believe that you have only to hold out the tip of vou'r sceptre and he will come back, that is, if you do it soon—delays are dangerous. [N.B.—This was the second time that this proverb had been impressed upon Lady Raverihill that very day.] And, now, don't bo obstinate and stiff-necked, like a good girl; but be sensible just for once. Think how much there is at stake—your happiness, though you pretend it is not; well, if not happiness, your comfort and respectability, and you really cannot go on always living the life of a lonely, unprotected female, first as Mrs. Hill, now as Lady R. People will begin to say that there is something queer about you—they will, indeed, my dear. Now, just sit down and write a nice letter " to your , husband the club—his London one, I mean—is sure to find him. I don't ask you to, forgive all this lecturing and scolding, for you must just take it like medicine; it is for your good, and I am your loving friend, . Mary Fortescue." ^: So .Mary had become.his partisan, she said'to herself, as she laid down the letter. If; Mary only knew what she knew,, she would not be so eloquent about truth and injured innocence. No, no, she would 'not sit down and write a nice little letter. Her sole feeling for her husband, at this in stant, as she sat with her eyes fastened on the glowing coals, was one of loathing, con tempt, and abhorrence; for in the fire thta whole scene of that awful wintry night seemed to .pass before her vision like some hideous panorama; and for herself, down in her heart, she was conscious of the deepest self-pity and commiseration. ^Her life was for ever wrecked and blighted by the black blot that restei on her husband's name, and ho and she were best Apart, dragging in chains their heavy secret, each in their own fashion. The following days were fine and. sunny," and one bright April morning she packed up all, her- diamonds in a small travelling hand-bag^ and, with , her valuable parcel resting on her knees, was soon in tlie up express en route to London and Mr. Issachar. Mr. Issachar received his lady customed.Avith effusion; stirred up his" fife, drew forward1 a comfortable armchair, and relieved her of her precious burden. He took the articles out carefully, one by one, held them between his eye and the light, balanced them on his fingers arid made light of their; value,, (as became his profession). ThejTwerc good "stoncsi certainly,' but not of the first water in many cases,, and half of them wanted re-cutting; but to himself he was saying: " Cheap at. the. money. Haarman of Amsterdam would give the full value gladly. They were just the sort of stones - he fancied—-good old-fashioned, brilliant, solid gems.", In his mind's eye they were already in the Dutch market, and sold at a profit to him of fifty per cent. They would*. never?,,be. .. redeemed—never shine on LaSy Raveriliill's pretty heck again. What ,a little sinner she must be J , What a charming -little hypocrite I i She lookedso good, so demure, so incapable of anything out of the straight path; as she sat there with her large grey eyes bent eagerly on liim and his spoil; in a mild interrogative •gaW. ,; After;a long and rigid investigation, he commenced to roll up and. put away the jewels, arid after this he took them over to an iron safe in the wall, into which he locked them securely. And now, said Lady Raven hill to herself, he is going to give me the money, and 1 may go; but no, nothing of the?sort.' He came back with a smile of satisfaction, and said-, very coolly, " That as yet he had not been able to lay hands on such a large sum, but that if she were to come next week she might get it." Come next week I Might get it 1" This kind of thing she told herself would not do at all. This was not business—locking away her diamonds, and offering her a vague pro mise instead. So she got up' with an air of resolution, that father took Mr. Issachar by surprise, and said, in a very determine!! voice: \ ' I am afraid, then, Mr. Issachar, that that arrangement will not suit me. I wanted the money now. I can, however, try my fortune elsewhere. Kindly restore me' the diamonds, and I need not take up your time any longer,' Restore the diamonds I As well expect a tiger to restore the deer, upon which he has just leapt, back to his herd." No, no, that was the last thing he would do. He tried a littlo bullying instead. ' Now, just suppose for a joke,' he said, ' is anyone to know that these diamonds are yours? No one knows you have brought them here—no one but you and mo I' ' Would .you rob me of them ?' she de manded, fiercely. •No, no, no; but why not leave them, my dear lady? Leave them till next week, instead of carrying abotit such valuable property in a hand-bag. Come now, be prudent.' 'Yes,' she replied; 'I will be prudent, and I will lake my own proporty with me. Either that or its worth, so please mjike up your mind which it is to be.' ' Supposing I giv.e you neither?' he asked, with'a laugh. ' Then in that case I have a resource at hand.' ' And what may that be ?' 'A policcman,' she returned, laconically. [to de continued, j 