SPORTING. THE V.R.O. SPRING MEETING. DERBY DAY. [From our Special Reporter.] Melbourne, October 31. A threadbare subject is the weather; but it is of such material Consequence in racing affairs that the state of the elements deter-<*> mines whether a meeting even at Fleming-ton shall be darned as a failure or a success. Viators to Melbourne have hid anything but a good time during the past week, the tickle nature of the climate having been displayed in tiie most uncomfortable extremes of heat, rain, and cold. Friday was dis gnttmgly hot and close, with clouds of dust blowing from every quarter, aud when people woke on Saturday and found that rain hadfalleu during the night they were congratulating themselves on having a pleasant outing, but the incication? of clearing up were deceptive, fend more rain fell about noon and later in the d*y t keeping many of the fair sex at home and diminishing the numbers and the pleasures of the horsey men and others who came from every part of the Australian continent, and even more distant places, to attend the annual Carnival at Elemingtoo. It was doubly unfor tunate that the rain was so heavy on Saturday, becab?e a new road and approaches had been made to the course, and alterations effected that caused the visitors to sink ankle deep in clay and gravel before they could reach the grandstand; and the patrons of the hill and the flat had a bad time of it both overhead and underfoot. It was not quite so bad as in the Assyrian's year, when everybody was drenched, but the weather compelled a resort to waterproofs and overalls, and instead of a pleasing spectacle of nVmrming costumes worn by fashionable fair ones as they promenaded the lawn, only men with. umbrellas to shield them from the showers were visible on this favored spot, while the ladies were reluctantly compelled to keep their seats under cover of the lower Btaod, which had to find shelter also for those whs would otherwise have been seated in the upper stand, which has no roof to it The vice regal party from Government House, including Sir Henry and Lady Loch and Sir William Robin- Eon and friends, arrived during an interval of sunshine and remained till the Derby had been decided. The Governor of West Australia was absent in consequence of a severe cold and suf fering from congestion of the lungs. The general attendance was perhaps hardly up to the Average of Derby days, and would certainly have been much larger had not the rain set in. The racing opened with the Melbourne Stokes, an event shorn this year of much of its interest in consequence of the absence ?I Commotion, Sardiua, and other notable performers. Some surprise was manifested when the number of Bosworth. the brother to Richmond, was seen on the board, and when the fractious brown appeared looking well enough to show he had gone through a good (separation. Ringmaster was made a warm favorite, seeuagthat he had performed so well in the mud at Caulneld, but fronton m also held in esteem, as he looked the picture of health, and so muscular that many believe be is above JHiwat. He had no difficulty, how ever, in putting' down his opponents, and the gallop most be of benefit to him for the Cop. He won easily, thoagb only by half s length, as Robertson never pressed.him, tonly making a chow with bis whip. Sheet Anchor ran very well, and pleased hia Gup supporters. The reason why tins hone went IMck in the Cup betting was because in his trial he refused to pass a certain place where lie had been accustomed to stop in his work, and a tout telegraphed the information that he bad broken down. On their Saturday's run ning beth Trenton and Sheet Anchor must improve in favor for the Cnp, and they will be hard to beat in the tig event. A. dtosen tame out foe the Hothwn B?iiJi?p for which Anglesey and Comet were ?qual favorites, tot tfee epuudy Trfmraa uriwjttnA her aopr?m*cy at the end, beating Mentmore and Signor for gdacea. The weight-f or-age Hurdle Race was ? foregone conclusion for Ibe Agent, whom <3w*ge Bead dished op in splendid fettle, and be won to be liked when catted unofe Gm* Her performed welL as did aW Dotation, but' Agent was a great favorite, and there Was load (Peering when be earned Mr. C K. T. Hart's colon first put tbe post. It wMtiofc tspeototl *h?t<BTtpep youngsters would face the start* inttaMaribyraoag Plata, as the cbances of some of'them were but small indeed against the reowded perfonrjuiees of the favorite, Acme. The story of the mte is qukkly told. The field was dispatched ntaaptlyand o* equal terms, bat soon the blufrand<waite jacket won by Bales was Awaaaiwi to be advaociag strongly to the Iront,a?djustasNew?to?d apraad-eagted his firfd last year ao did Acme on the pruent occasion. She had it ail her own "Way from the jump, vnduskasehe fell there was nothing to Set sear her in the cace. liaddelina ran w?U, a?Osacnredtwo hundred so vs. out of the stake, wh?e Blakgowrie took a hundred for third place. This colt should grow into a Derby candidate for next year. Acme lias well maintained the reputation of her ems, the mighty Chester, at Baodwick, Cwitfield, and fWiington, and as she is a etontly made filly, as well m a speedy one, she basagreat career before her. Princess Maud, ker data, is by AdwHtuter from Princess of Wales, by StockweU from Bloomer by Mel bourne—blood that is most highly esteemed both here and in the old country. Had the wwathrr been fine the Sydney men say that Acme would have beaten Newatead's record. V?ry little interest was taken mtbeSelling Baoe, which was appropriated by Albanus from Scaramouch, Solo, and others. Theead dHng paddock waseo crowded as th? time ap proached for the Derby that it was' a difficult task to interview the candidates, but they were eagerly inspected as they came out to do their prelimiaary canters past the stand. The first to show was Isonomy, who was voted on all sides to be in tiptop condition. Remus looked very indifferent beside him, and could not have been up to bis best form. Nordenfeldt was a picture of health and strength, his muscles standing oat in bold relief, and bis size giving aesurasoe that he would not tire under the weight. Many of the public could not understand why Ellis was in the saddle instead of Hales, but the cogncteetUi knew that the sluggish colt would want riding all the way, and that the strength of the crack light weight-was not equal to the task. Krst Chester and Winchester looked on toe improving aide, the former being -voted a bit fight, which was also the fault wifh Unlla. Thunderbolt, the handsomest and most power ful looking of the lot, was pronounced by good judges to be too fit, that is, he would have been benefited by another gallop or two, and be went out unsupported by those who bad ob served the very moderate work be bad been doing during the past week. Donlop, on tbe other hand, was believed to have left his chance on the training track, but X fancy the distance and the mod were too much for him. Mr. Watson got the horses well away after a brief delay at the post, and the most conspicuous figure for a male and a quarter was Quinn on Isonomy, who was making all the running, a policy that was questionable under the circumstances, bat <£njnn was of opinion that his horse was then only doing a good workmggaUop, Nordenfeldt and Thunderbolt kept at the head of the others till -entering the straight, where the real pmch begins, when Isonomy dropped back, and Thunderbolt choked a bit, leav ing an opening for First Chester and 'Winchester to go up and challenge Norden feldt, who had takes first place. Hie trio came dear of the others, and raced abreast for some distance, Winchester close to the rails, First Chester in the -mMiiia. and the favorite outside. Opposite the stand First Chester swerved and bore into Nordenfeldt anklet cries of "foul," and both horses were staggering as they answered to tfte whip. ?£be finish was so dose that a scene of wild confusion ensued. Some claimed that First Chester had won, others that Win chester was tie victor, and tin judge made the consternation worse when he produced and -caused to be hoisted the number of UraUa, amidst Jeers and howls. It ?ppejredttttfc he had mistaken tite jackets of the riders, and "while people swarmed over the fence and surrounded bib box, -singing out "Hardenfeklthae won,"be deaenedihe right number, aadtbs air was then teat with cheers. Sbabacse and bis rider were followed in by jtn^rthnsiastac throng, and the Hon. J. White, who stood at the scales, received the congratu lations of his friandg. KeUo and First Chester were also well applauded, and had the weatiier been dry it is more than pro haUe this speedy colt would have suc ceeded m coming in in front of tie victorious son of Musket. Winchester was favorably regarded from his forward run aaagsa the Coalfield Cup, but in the face of Sfanufarbait being supported by the stable he was not so popular as his companion, it is pretty generally known that Mr. Jno. Croaer, juiu, backed Nnrdenfeldt for a large amount after bis Sydney running, and to the fact that be and several others who entered the market rarly laid a good bit of their money to the rtafcte at the last moment may probably be attributed the run the public got for their money, as had the Hon. J. White been at all confident that he could ha ye won with Uralla he wpuUhaveacratchedi2iecoltulfavoroftibemare, TbedownfaUofDunlopwulitUsaidbefieverely felt by his owner and friends, who backed him heavily, andJhe defeat of Isoaomy will a'so be a blow to those who placed their confidence in bun. He was certainly outclassed, but chould be an acquisition to the turf in Western Australia, for which place he is des tined by ms owner, Mr. Lock. The great question asked immediately the Derby was over was concerning Nordenfeldf s chances of winning the Cnp. It the weather should con tinue wet and stormy he win certainly be beaten, as game colt that he is, there ue more matured hones at lighter weights, who must do him over two ">n?. f in the mud, Trenton and Sheet; Aaohar, for example. The Coburg Stakes was the last race of the day, and it was won by Bohemian from a field of eighteen. There were many complaint? against the committee for placing the Derby so low down on the card, as it was very late before the sightseers got away from the course, the trains being unaccountably delayed, or the people not understanding t3ie new arrangements. It his hoped matters will be improved on Cup day, when the attendance will probably be doubled. JIELBOrHKK ET4KKS. A sweepstakes of 5 soys. each, 2 ft, with 300 added; second horse to receive 50 sovb. out of the Etakc For three ye?r-oHs and upwards. Weight (or age. One mile sod a quarter, iir. D. O'Brien's b c Trenton, by Husket—Frailty, 4 yrs., 9 c*. (Robertson) ? 1 Mi. M. Looghlin'ebr bSheet Arrehor.bySt. Atbans —^ueen Mary, aged, 9 st. 4 Jo. <O"Brien( .. 2 Mr. J. Wilson's, jun.'s borbr c Ringmaster, by First King—Yaruley.Syrs., 7st. Ulb. (Moon* .. 3 Mr. M. Bryant's br h Bosworth, agtd, 9 st. * lb. (Kyan) 0 ill. J. Whirtinghani's br h Prometheus, (! yrs., U t-t- 4 lb. (Trulmn) 0 lion. W. A. Loujj's b or br c Uoneydew, 1 yra., 9 vt. (Collm) ? Mr. W. Field's b or br c Mozart, 4 yrs., U st. (Ramfljie) .. ?* 0 Mr. X iienty"s be Cyclops, 3 yrs., 7 at. ltlb. (Sanders) " 0 Sirin Brown, Welcome Jock, Ebony, Liverpool, B!ta!c Eonny, Gratitude, and Ra*rm?n were scratched. Tctting—6 to 2 against Ringmaster, 4to 1 Trentoa, 5 to 1 lionejdew, 6 to I Pruiicthens and Mozart. When Mr. Geo. Watson lowered his nag King masttr dashed away, with Sbect Anchor, Treuton, Mozart, and Bouc;dew following. Boewortb, who wot fractious, liung at the post, and was a dozen kngtris to the bad when he sailed away in pursuit, and pawed the lot along -the backsttetch, wnere he led by three lengths, Trtnton and Rlngjnwter, side by side, heading the others. At the sheds Cyclops ran into second place, and then passed Bosworth, but this pair fell back as the home turn* as reached, and Sheet Anchor, on the inside, wosleasing fora while justahead of Ringmaster, while Kobtrtson on the outside was shaking his whip on Trenton, but without u=lne it. Sheet Anchor wade a great effort, and all the others except Trenton were at the whip, but the New Zealauder ? wen comfortably t>y half a length, nearly two lengths separating the eecond and third. Then came Pro metheus, Cyclops, Mozart, and Honeydew, with Bofcworth whipping in. Time, S rain. 16| sec. i BOTHAH BAKDICAr. I A sweepstakes of 6 soys. cabb, 1 ft., ?!th 800 added. Second horec to receive 70 and the third 30 hoys. oat of the stake. For three-} ear-olds and upwards. One mile and a half and a distance. Mr. B. Davis'sb m LegbU, byTimWhiflaer—Teerleee, 6 yrs., C et 5 lb. (McDonnell) 1 Mr. J. Whittingnani'e b hUentmore, by Kelpte— i Meimaid, 6jrs., estlOlb. (Grey) 2 Mr. G. S. Uanis'B b or bl h Sienor, by King of the Bing-^Senorita, S yts., 6 St. 10 lb. (BrovOn) - 3 j llr. J. WilEon'e, juu. bh Off Colour, S }-rs. 0 st. (Moore) 0 Mr. U. S. WaUace's b h Chuckster, aged 8 st 2 lb. (O'Brien) 0 Mr. S. G. Cook's b h Anglesey, 6 yra. 7 st. 5 lb. (Dalton) 0 Hon. W. A. Long's b g Comet, aged, 7st 3 lb. (Harngan) 0 Mr. X. Jones's br h Doncaeter, aged, 7 st 3 lb. (Etheridge) _ .. 0 ' Eon. W. fearton'e b c Kingship, 4 yre., 7 et. 3 lb. (Toote) 0 Cant aames'B bl t Lantern, 4 yra., 6 St. 10 lb. (McAuHffe) llr. U H. I. Harts b m Agitation, aged, 6 st 4 lb. (Tomhn) .. .. '0. Mr.M. Kellj's bgGenoe.6 yu., 6 etfopx) .. 0 Tom Brown, Aooljte, Corioianus, Plausible, Wing, The IsraeUte, St John, .Britisher, Hilltop, Cerise and Blue, Kane Louise, HtppogriO, Afinerra, . ' Astronomer, and?aHarat w?re KWttehed. BetHng—4 to 1 against Anglesey and Comet, 6 to 1 OS Color, Chuckster, Doncaeter, Kingship and Kent more, 7 to l Agitation and others. The flag; feH to a [air start, and Donoaster, Agita tion, and Ot met were in the van as they Bwept past tihestand. AgftaUon rashedto tHe front, and led Do?G?stcx' by two icttfcth? poqikl tbc txu&i; Oftmrt bel?g third, end Signer fourth, with Mentmore and Chnekster still in the rear. Much the same order was ' maintained to the bridge, where Doncaster tan up on the inside, and took second place, whilst Comet, Signer, and Metrtanore were next, side 'by side. OS Color at this stage wan last Cbnekster -at thesheSsvas goiag very etrongly, and assamed C6mm?nrl,le?dinir<3anietby- haif? length, Agitation hating now dropped back into the ruck. Ti?Sune poeitiorjs'were occupied until Ibe stand was reached, ' when LeAla, who throughout bad been about tixtfe, MeCtrtore taokled t*fe maremtte ran home, and a B(Md race resulted in LesbU btttngttetobgeat, and winning by a tebgUt and a halt. BgnorwMtbird, tiro lengths away. Comet fourth, Oenoe filth, Lantern eutb,&ndollGolorandClincksteirUst.; Xune,Smin. ' 'B7 tec. Ac -*AMSrESsOso FLtSm. &' Bwe?Mtak?e of 80 sovb. each, fa. ft, with 600 ?doted. Fortw^yeandd?-colts, Bstlolb.;?aiie?,B Et S lb. The second h?rse to receive 800 otfvs., and ? the Uiird 100 soys. oat of the stake. Five furlongs. . 126 cube. 800\. J. White's brf Acme, by Chester—Princess Ua.ud(&lnr;) 1 Mr. L. Wtfttw't cb f MhrMtiinft, byStdkenfrt- Meg Mcnileea (Weasel) S Itt. D. OBopertoh c BUirgowtte, brTe^wsuui Cbptb Haiima^B hr cDvnexi?, by Amhuskdor— Eugenic rtvemy) 0 Vx. 1). a Wallace's b f Efesie, by fit Albaas-Star- Ugnt(C?lley) 0 ilr. P. Sann> td> S Devotion, bf GoHsbrongh— SeDevolenoe<9auaders) _ 0 800\. XV. Feanon's br c Dividend, by Balton Green —Fron Fron (Power) ? 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's br c Damocles, by Gong Forward: —Ojnen of KmphaOmpOi?aw&ng;?) .. „ 0 ?r.J. D. itooernson'BblTheNrjn.byrTrEtKmg-- '. Pilgrimage (Moore) ? 0 > Mr. b. Craj'-e brc Setoit, by First Eing^-Seputte (Eraithwaite) 0; Hcd. L. h. Smith's b or br f Louise Berta, by Dani-axil—Alcthe (M. O'Brien) D ~&lr.; V. Qoopert eh c Chesham, by Grand FJsn.nr—Lady CTwster<rttip.)(Ketoo) .. .. 0 ' Mr. W. Forrester*e b c tialcyoo, by Bplgtam— : Ada(G?ueh) 0 lion. J. Vtliitc'e b t Tamarfcfc, by Cheater-' : "guilder?ose(Eflie) _ 0: Vr. J. n. Dill's be Telephone, by Englishman— Cat?] &? <Qoinn) .. .. _ .. .. <)' ?Jfestrs. W. ft A. Croriert br c Troian, by Wild. Bagte-HaSd of Troy (O'Brien) 0' Betting—S to 1 against Acme, 6to 1 Nun and Blair cowrie, 6 to 1 Louise Berk, 10 to 1 T"""->fc. Telephone, and Trojan, and 20 to 1 others. As thfe youngsters were ranged in a line they ' ?behaved very wdl on the whole, Dnfferin ttndthe Kun being at fbeestreme end. TheKun was the first to show in front, when the flj^ fell, and'the colors of A<?^Che?harn,Halcyon,Maddrtin?,?rjdaiewJirtetace of BUirgowrie were soon conspicuous bom the rest In tins order they crowed tfaetan, and were half-way up the straight, when everyone's attention KTO centred on the favorite, who galloped awiy OtHi jjerttctemeftomall the other*, and, like Newstead tafiteeason, Acme showed them aB a clean pair of heels bygetting four or five lengths ahead. Blair gowrie made a gallant straggle to get up to her, and then Maddelina came with a wet sail. The pair tried hard under the whip in a Vain parsnitof the leader; Ore colt, however, being eased up in the last few strides, as Acme was seen to win easily by tbree lengths. The judge gave a length between the nest two, Louise Bate finishing fourth, fbeNun, Cheshun, Damocles, and Halcyon next, and then Telephone Eace, and others, with Dufferin last Time, 1 mm. ijsec The tbHowing are the performances of the winner :— Acme, by Chester—Princess Maud, won the Richmond I Stakes, A.J.C. Spring meeting; Great Foal Stakes, V.A.T.C Spring meeting; Uaribytnong Plate, V.B.C. Spring Jteeting. i The fun pedigree of Acme was given in our columns when she won the Great Foal Stakes at the T.A.T.C. Spring meeting. Tbe fallowing is a list of winners of the Maribyr nong Plate :— Yr. | Owner. Winner. Bider. .Time. I- Im. a. IS7l.J.Thompson ArgOsBcandal Wikon.jnn; t 6 U72J. Wilson .. Qagmu .. Wilson, iun 1 6 ]87?|Dr. Bathe .. Stockbridee ..Batty ..19 Ifc74 J. Wilson . Maid of all Work W. Wilson 1 9 1675Chimside .. Newmioster .. Teomans.. 1 8 ISteH. Bobinaon. Babena .. Hney ..13} IS7. DeMestre .. Vukan.. .. r. Brown.. 1 71 ; ISTSELLee.. ..Nellie .. .. B.Colley.. 1 5 ! IS7S- i. White .. Palmyra .. Huxley '..14 lisa.*? Wagner _ Jack Veomans.. , K1 "* J. Hart .. 'Lavinia .. sPymaa .. l6 * IEBIJ. White .. Segenhoe .. Tebmans.. 1 ?4 18KE.H.COX .. Karma, .. Pigott .. 1 ?i 188EJ. White .. 'olanthe ..Ellis .. ISi 1884 1. B. Hill .. Sewstead .. Qainn .. 1 KSI J. White Acme .. gales .. 1 *j I 'Eun dead heat for first place. j WEIGBT-FOE-AGK HUEBIB RACB. i A sweepstakes of 6 boys, each, 1 ft, with 200 added. About two miles. llr. C B. T. Barfs eh h The Agent, by Slan derer—Lucy, aged, IS st 2 lb. (Fergnsson) .. 1 Hon. W. Pearson's bm Gasalier, by Tetoan— Gasoline,6yrs_, 11 Bt 11 Ih.(Gardiner).. .. S Br. J. Cripps's U h Dnration, by Bogbenden— I Hteno-Mnngie,syra., Ust 10 lh. (MeLeod) .. 8 Mr. J. Cohen's chm Royal Maid, aged, 12 st 121b. (KOdnff) _ _ 0 Mr. A. F. BradshaWebgMolrow, aged, J2 st 12 Vb. (Butler) „___„..? Agit?tion, Insolvent, Haard, Blue Mountain, BaveaeworUi were scratched. Betting—6 to 4on Tbe Agent, 2to 1 against Dura tion, S to 1 Eoyal Maid, 4 to 1 Gasalier, 10 to 1 Holrow. Eoyal Maid led off, and Gasalier showed a good torn of foot by passing her, going three lengths in advance past the stand, Duration running third, tine favorite fourth, awl Motaow hopdeedy strag gling in the rear. There was no change in poft&ms; till Boyal Maid took command at the abattoirs, and The Agent pecked at tbe bnrfif, Dnration also touching without ?vwni?|]r Sown. Kearing the home torn The Agent node a run and showed how easily he could come when called upon. Gasalier and Dtumtien, however, were both going ettuuglj, and the former was leading in the stnicJut, and looked as though he would make a good fight for victory, bat Fezgas?ah sol red aO doubts oy ridfig' the favorite into first place and winning, amidst loud cheers, by a tecctii and a half, a good length separating the second ?nd third horses. Koval Haid w?s twenty lengit* ?wsy.MdJfolrowwae at^thedtetaaoepoat. Ttaw,S mm. SC}eec BILLING BACS. A sweepstakes of 8 sovb. each, 1 ft, with ISO added. For three-year-olds and upwards. Weight for age. The winner to be sold for £160; 7 lb. aVoweflfor every £S0 reduction in edSng price. Seven fhrfengs: Mr. J. Warne's eh c Albanns (nil), by Proto- JJartyr—Lady Avenel, 3 yrs., 6 et ? lb. (McDonald) ..-„_„? Mr. T. Co?ey'e br g Sfaramoueh (nD), aged, T at 7 lb. (Sanders) .. .. ........ Mr. T. Jones's eh c Solo (nil), S yrs., 6 st ? lb. (Flanagan) .. .. ' _ s Mr. S. Mahon'sbgStonebroke(na),4 yrs. (Weasel 0 HoOjW^.Pearson'sbgBnariae(nll),3yw.(Garry).. 0 Mr. W.Bton<isbcEgbertftia),3yn.(CoJ) .. 0 llr. J. A. Lang's br 111 Agatha (nil), 6 yrs. (Moa grove) .. .. 0 BilVr.i. Otarke's g g Phantom (nil),aged (Bobert ?on) ..„.._ 0 Hr.B. Howie's cb m Virago (nil), aged <Ellis) .. 0 Ifjr. T. Lamond'schc Phaon^fcAulifle) .. .. 0 Betting—S to 1 against Solo and Scaramouch, 4to 1 Virago and Albanus, 6 to I Bohemian, 10 to 1 the ottien Phaon, Colo, Albums, and Phantom werefintawaty, and Phaon, closely attended by AJbanW, led to the turn for home. There Fbaon 'was done with, and Albamis took the toad. The Utter entered the stmght fall of running, and was never again caught, winning by a length from Scaramouch, who came withu great run at the end, and was lanOed a. length in front of Solo. Then came Virago and otfaefs. Tims, 1 mm. Hjeec TICTOBU DBUr. A sweepstakes o H6 eova each, £6 IBs. ft, with 650 sovt, added; MO ?Vft attJ-aU tbe ?weep?takeB for the Bretiioree, iOO for the second, and GO for tbe third. For thi*e-ye*r-oM?-OoHe, 8 St. 10 lb.; fillies, fTJst 61b. One mile and a halt Ben. a. White's br c Nordenfeldt, by Musket- Onyx (Ellis) 1 Mr. W. Keteo's br c First Chester, by Chester— Marie Stuart (Kelso) 2 lfon."W. Robinson's br c Winchester, by St George —Hiss Flat (Power) .. .. 3 Mr. S. G. Cook's eh c Remus, by Gang: Forward— Romnla (Sanders) 0 Mr. A. B. Robertson's b c Dunlop, by Neckersgat— Etta (imp), (BobcrUon) 0 Mr. M. Locke's b c Isonomv, by Winterlake (imp)— Euby(Quinn) .. ..' 0 Mr. J. Marshall's br c Thunderbolt, by Musket— Locket (Derritt) .. .. — .. ..0 Eon. J. White's b or br f Uralla, by Chester— Moonstone (imp), (Uales) 0 Ringmaster was scratched. Betting—6 to 4 against Nordenfeldt, 4to 1 Thunder bolt, 6to 1 Dunlop, 6to 1 Isonomy, 7 to 1 Uralla, 10 to 1 others. When marshalled at the post in front of the stand the only horse wiio was fractions was Thunderhoit, and tv ice he was the cause of a break away. The flag, l:nwi'ver,e\?ntualU fell to a jrood start, aud Rem'l9 ruflird to the front with Nonlenfeldt at his pirths, iFOnomy third, add then Thunderbolt, First Cheater, Dunlop', Winchester, anil Uralla. Bound the river tr.m i?onomy ran into second place, and passing th? bridge took a strong lead of the field, the positions of Kordenftldt and Thunderltolt being unchanged. At the abattoirs Isonomy wa? still making the mnning with a clear three length;' lead, and the others began to dope up. the rear being occupied by Ilunlop and Uralla. Near the home turn the lot bunched together, and Isonomy's gold and black stripes were still in the van a 9 the straiaht wa entered, but here Ellis broupht Nordpnfcldt up under the whip, and First Chepter and Winchester rushe ' past leonomy and clmllen^ert the favorite. A mO5 v, evcitint race home ensued between these three. Hie whalclioue and steel being freely applied. 3he issne looked very doubtful for a rime as First Chester, who bore right into Nordenfeldt, seemed to have pace enough to win, while Winchester ?ns in a most advantageous position next the rails, the three leaders being abreast and Thunderbolt at the head of the second division. Nordentaldt, however, answered to his rider's call, and struggling doggedly on with his head low down just managed to etsll off First Chester on the post and pain the judge's verdict by a neck, while First Chester was landed a length in front of Winchester, at whose heels come Tnnndernolt. Then finished Kemue, leonomy, snd Dunlop, with Uralla last. There "mm irftenee excitement when it was perceived the judge was about to hoist Oralla'e number instead of that of her stable companion, and loud and prolonged cheering when the error was rectified end Kordenfeldt returned to weigh and was pro normced all right Time. 2 rain. 48| sec. The following is a list of the winners of the Victoria Derby.— Yr. I Owner. Winner. ; Rider. JTime. p- ? - 1860?. Watson Flying Colors Tracey :J 2 1861 Dowling Oamden j Morrison 253 3b62 Harper Bsnron .Waldock 2 50 IHBLang Oriflanune iLang 3 3 J864 H. Fisher Lantern i&impson; 258 1885 H. Fisher Ang;er j?edman 251 IS6O H. Fisher Seagull Morrison 3 4 ' 1867 3. Tait Fireworks Stanley 2 56 IS6S.J. Tait Fireworks Stanley 2 53 lS6B|Moflat My Dream Dufly 2 48 ISfSH. Fwher Charon Morrison 2 55 lbit) J. Tait ' Flotence Stanley 3 0 1&71 J. Wilson Wise Jessie J.Wilson 2 49 1872 W. Winch Loup Garou T. Brown 246 1673 W. PUgate Lapjdtst H. Qrubb 261 1E74 i. Tait Melbourne Ashworth 246 J lk7B DeMestre Robin Hood Donnelly 248 18WI. Wilson - Brfeeie T. Hales 2 43J 1677 J. White Chester P. Pigott 243 , I&7S Johnson-Boe Wellmgton tf. Griffin 147 1879 R. Howie Buwarrow R. Walker 2-43 -1880 W. A. Long Grand Flaneur V. Hales 244 ISBI F. F. Dakin Darebin Power 2 41i ISS2 De?estre Navigator T. Hales 2 4IJ 1883 1. White Martini-Henri Williams -i 39 1884 M. Jacobs Butus tLO-Brien 2 41J ISSBIJ.Wrate Nordenfeldt dJlis 2 48j The following are the performances of Kordenfeldt: ' HawkesTinry Spring Meeting — Nowhere in the Hawfcesbnn-v Guineas; and won h. Hawkesbury .Produce Stakes. A.J.C.:Spring meeting—Woo A.JC Derby, Spring Maiden Stakes, Craven Plate, Rand wiokMate. V KO. Meeting-Derby. . , ftnMCjni? OF TIIB WLM.KH, rti.__- ol Touchstone Mill?el Verbena „ Lotopbow ?? ??' ** ?- - 1 1= Mlss?owc S^narc Si . i -_ t tt - I Decoy gjgteiWt S West ——? ' . I -^-^-^Mowerin. K^" 6 *? c -^ u_-^ 1 j g t*mtl Settmmare ,^ Brown?ett ? ? -??—? — * I D^ughtercf gaSSlmk S Fi*ema? B**?n O^nmre ? (imp.) Sheet Anchor * Mambrace BayMddleton m. * I Melbourne IJEjEiiEF < Marchioness CerT>pte*.m*re j5 e^f 06 I?e Baron *??£"* iStockwcll —? —1 —? —? I P???h??t?? £!%££, I r.uchstone 05* COBCBO STAKES. A handicap sweepstakes of freovs. each, I ft, with SOO added. Becond horse to receive 50 soys, out of the stake. For three- year-olds and upwards. One 'mile and a furlong. I Mr. T. Jones's br c Bohemian, by Maribymong— ~ Klna, 4 yrs., 7st 6 lb. (Flanagan) .. .. 1 Messrs. W. & A. Crozier's br g Lantern, by Wild Eagle—PocahontaE 6 yrs, 8 st, 11 lb. (O'Brien) 2. Ben. W. Pearson's b f Parody, by tbe Drummer— Paradigm. S yrs., 6 st (Gorrie) 3 Mr J. D. Boberteon'eb gStafford. 6 yrs., Sot. 11 lb. (Moore) _ .. 0 llr. J, G. E*id's cb g The Ghost, acred, 8 et JO lb. (Williams) .. .. - 0 Mr.J.Ware'?chhlrralee,6yfs.,Bst.Blb.(J<mkins) O JUr. A. Koberteoo'a eh h Dirk Hattauick, 6 yrs., SstS)b.<FeoQ) 0 Mr. J.Crozier'6, jun.,borbr hlsraeUte,sged,Bst Sib. (OXXitanor) .. .. ' 0 Mr. B. Bouses, jun., eh h Wing, 6 yrs., Bst S lb. (Xerricker) _ 0 Mr. W. R. Hall's eh c Cord Exeter, 4 yrs., Bst 2 lb. < (Williamson) „ 0 Mr. W. A. Filgate'B br c Lavington, i yrs., 7st (Weasel) 0 'Mr. J. Whlttingham's eh c Merrimu, 4 yrs. 7et 9 lb. (Trahan) .. _ 0 Mr. S. G. Cook's b or hr f Marie Louise, 6 yrs., 7 st 7lb.<Roberfsott) C Ben. J. White's eh f Tempe, 4 yrs., 7st 7 lb. (Ellis) 0 Mr. R G. Xaibofs b h Waverley. 6 yrs., 7st 5 lb. (Blair).. 0 Mz. K. Wilson's b c Recall, 3 yrF., 7 st 3 lb. (Fallon) 0 Mr. T. Coffey's b f Honeycomb, 3 yrs., 6st 11 lb. (Cox) „ 0 Mr. M. Bryant's hr c Beal Jam, 3 yrs., 6 st (Ton_Kn) 0 3Hr. S. Gardiner's br f Buttress, 3 yra. 6 st (John son .. ..0 Betting—2 to 1 against Tempe, sto 1 Merrimu, 6to \- 1 Lord Exeter, Marie Louise, Chuokster, and Stafford, 7 to 1 Bohemian, and 10 to 1 any other. The running was alternately made by Lavington ?nd Dirk Hatteraiek till lite abattoirs were reached, when the field dosed up, and on entering the straight Bohemian was in command, with Merrimu looking dangerous. Lantern came out and challenged the leader, bat could not get nearer to him than a length at the finish, Parody being three quarters behind tine Adelaide horse, and Memmn fourth. Time, 1 mm. 