LAND AND INCOME TAX. No. VL (Conclusion.) [BY EXCHEQUER.] Adam Smith, in his " Wealth of Nations," has given four rules or principles for testing any system of taxation in regard to its economical working, and these rules, as Mr. Mill says, having received the concurrence of every sub sequent writer on the subject, may be said to have become classical, and Mr. George's ap proval has, in the opinion of many, rendered them more so. Let me quote from three of these rules and leave the reader to see how far our system is from complying with them. "2. The tax which each individual has to pay ought to be certain and not arbitrary. . . The certainty of what cadi individual has to pay, is, in taxation, of so great importance that a very considerable degree of inequality— it appears I believe from the experience of all nations—is not near so great an evil as a very Email amount of uncertainty." " 3. Every tax ought to be levied at the tima or in the manner in which it is most likely to be convenient for the contributors to pay it." "4. Every tax ought to be so contrived, as both to take out and to keep out of the pockets of the people as little as possible over and above what it brings into the public treasury of the State." To begin with certainty. As regards cer tainty it wonld be hard to invent a land-tax which more thoroughly fails in respect of this quality than our own, whose sole aim is to tax that which is only the matter of guesswork, namely the unimproved value of the land. But this one fundamental uncertainty has failed to satisfy the framers of our Act and regulations, for they have proceeded to pile up every possible uncertainty on the top of it. Having resolved to tax the unimproved value, they might have proceeded to assess the land by separate holdings, as the English do, co as to guess at the unimproved value of that holding and let their guess be known. This would, at all events, have been a basis of reckoning for the lessee when the amount of his contribution came to be con sidered. (I say "a basis of reckoning,"for the proportion of the rent "fairly attributable to the unimproved value would still have to be guessed before the reckoning could begin). But instead of this they assess all the land lord's properly together, leaving the unim proved value of each tenant's holding a matter of uncertainty between him and his landlord when the latter demands contribution. Hav ing next given a number of rules, alphabets, and tables for reckoning, with a great show of precision, what cannot be reckoned at all, they have pretty well exhausted the in pa tig of keeping the amount in uncer tainty. But this is not nearly enough to suit them. It was also necessary to create con fusion as to the persons liable. For this pur pose they make a number of arti6dal owners in fee-simple, every one of whom is to be liable to the Government for the whole tax, bat to share with his fellows "in the relative propor tions of the value of their interests "—a peculiar phrase, which seems to intimate that there axe some proportions which are not relative. And lastly, as if there were not people enough in the bungle, the tenant, if he is also a right of purchase man, is requested to pay the whole tax, and then to cut himself in half and work away at the first alphabet and rules to find out what is his proper share as a right of purchase man, and then to grind away at the second alphabet and rules in order to see how much, in his capacity of lessee he has to contri bute to himself and the others! The amount being thus left uncertain, the land in respect of which the contribution is to be paid being also uncertain, and the persons who have to pay and their "relativeproportions" being also uncer tain, I will not add a word to exaggerate our failure to comply with the rule as to "cer tainty." Inasmuch as no nianner of payment can be less convenient than where one has to pay for half a dozen others, and no time les3 convenient than where the victim has to pay a long time before any one can be got to contribute to him or any one even to reckon the contribution —it is clear that our legislators have not consulted oar convenience as to time or manner. As to the 4th rule, we may be sure that whatever the tax brings into the Treasury it will "take out and keep out of the pockets of the people" a good deal more than "the rela tive proportions of their interests" if the people go to work to get contribution as the Act invites them to, namely, by suing one another. And here I may propose a problem quite after the fashion of the regulations:—The tax bong a half-penny on the nnimproved capital value, and there being ten persons liable to contribute and wishing to avoid calculation and litigation, how many -half- pence would they have to toss up before settling the business amicably? Apart from all these difficulties, let the reader reflect a moment on the trouble and waste of time in flicted on landowners. A man who has several contiguous sections or allotments has to give the hundred, township, num ber, registration, inference, street or place, area, occupier's name, mortgagee's name and amount of mortgage, value of land and im provements, value of improvements, unim proved value, amount of tax and names of all other taxpayers in respect of the same land. He has to do this for every section, acre, or allotment separately. However old are the improvements, he must find out what they cost, and if he has two sections together, and a dam, a fence, and a house partly on one and partly on the other, he must split up his dam, fence, and house between the two, and then give the value of each piece of land separately, giving to one say a quarter of the fence, a third of the house, and three-fifths of the dam, and then must take them all off again, and say what each section would have fetched " long, long ago* without any of them. The operation is irri tating, childish, and ridiculous, and when we consider it as often having to be performed separately by each one of half a dozen "tax payers" in respect of the same blocks of land it will be seen to involve an expenditure of time and calculation often far beyond the value of the tax to be paid. The essential advantage of a land tax seems to have been wholly lost in hunting after the "unearned increment shadow. That advantage is that you always have the land to go to, and where there is an occupier be can be made to pay, and if he is a tenant can be allowed to deduct the whole or any proportion of what he has paid. Where ever land tax exists this is the sort of tax that people have. In England they call it the property tax, and there is hardly ever known to be a dispute or a lawsuit about it. In South Australia the new land tax is simply a fire brand of litigation cast wantonly among the people. In England and other places where there is a land tax the Government gets all the "unearned increment," or most of it, without saying anything about it; but its existence has flashed upon the South Aus tralian mind with all the force of a new and great discovery, resembling that of Molierfe's hero when he found he had been speaking prase all his life without knowing it. Let us hope that the Act and regulations by their complicated follies have laid its ghost, and that we may proceed in future—if we must —with our land tax business undisturbed by a phan tom which we cannot grasp. R.LP. As regards income tax it is almost super fluous to point out that Adam Smith's roles above quoted have been as much disregarded as the nature of the tax would permit. It is estimated on an average of three bygone years whose earnings and losses have to be suddenly recalled for the purpose of the impost, and they are required to be recalled in divisions, combinations, and arrangements unknown to bookkeeping. Whatever benefit there may be in the principle of distinguishing property income from earnings, and laying a higher burden on the former, that benefit has been wholly frittered away by the confusion in which the distinction itself has been lost. To have laid down either class with rinannMa, and to have ascribed all other income to the other class, might have been possible; but the opportunity was flung away, and confusiou has resulted. If what was to be reckoned in each class had thus been defined, and a list of deductions from each had been given, the plan might have been made plainer; but the reckoning of income only to take it off again ib a needless complication. If a joint income were to be returned once for all, and no one were troubled about his neighbor, we should be nearer to e&Bylicity; but wited erarj partner makes a separate return of the join! income, and another of his own, and every trustee returns the total income, while each re cipient of a part has to make a, return of hia share, and a man has to return the income ol his wife, and give a list of bis clerks and shop men who have £300 a year—we see only an effort to raise inconvenience to its rnaxinnim. Whether it is necessary to resort to a land tax and income tax at all; whether it is preferable to keep in hand what we have got rather than spend it and attempt an expensive and irritating collection of more, is a question beyond the scope of these articles. That we spent during the last year £77,000 on grants-m -aid, £143,000 on main roads, and £40,000 in introducing into the colony persons with income!; of less than £300 a year, are facts pretty well known to most of my readeni, and iiow far the retention of a, portion of this revenue would not be pre ferable to the collection of more revenue by way of land and income tax shall be decided, without a word from me, by those who are more concerned in the question than myself. But what I claim the right to say is that if we are obliged to submit to these imposts, from which we have hitherto been exempt, the least that we are entitled to at the hands of our legislators is that the experience of every other country which bears such burdens shall not be rejected in order to make this colony a field for an ignorant and unfeeling experiment. To contribute my effort to rescue my fellow colonists from this oppression has been my duty, and it is now, however imperfectly, dis charged. ,^^_^___^___ 