IfleilMHirne. December 4. bhortly belore the Melbourne Cup race was run, F. Dakin, the trainer of the horse Commotion, which was one of the warm favorites for the Cup, discovered that the horse was suffering from injury to his sinews, and treatment was re sorted to without avail. The horse was scratched for all his engagements. To night, the PiiUix Gmcltc contains a notice offering £1000 reward for informa tion leading to the conviction of the per sons implicated in laminir him. If. is stated that one of the stable boys re ceived £200 to lame the horse by striking him with a heavy blunt instrument, pro bably a hammer, on the foreleg, and the horse is now lamed for life. Compe tent judges, however, persist that the in jury was the result of an accident to the animal on the wet course. Mr. Service and Mr. Berry will repre sent Victoria at the Federal Council meeting to be held at Hobart on the 25th January. A party of Canadian farmers have sitr tl.ni.. ? ? ? „r ? /-K Victoria, and have written to&tli;'e Minister for Agriculture for informa tion. Atanieeling of Jews held to consider the advisableuess of taking steps to per petuate the memory of the late nir Moses Mouteliore, a resolution was passed 111 favor of the project, and the meetingad journed until a meeting of the citizens of Melbourne had been called for the same purpose. Pleuro- pneumonla has been found among some cattle in the Echuca din triet. They were immediately destroyed, and their bodies burnt. The cattle, it is said, came from Oucensland. A circular will shortly be issued by the Education Department, the olijc.it being to make State school insl ruction more immediately practical. History will be faugbt, and poelrv not only com mitted to memory, but, understood! while elementary instruction will be given in the laws of health. At a meeting of the Melbourne Presby tery, lli'' Rev. F. W. M'Gregor was elected Moderator. In Ihe Legislative Assembly, Mr. Ser vice, replying to a question, said the sub. Jeet of defences would not be remitted to the Federal Council formally, but uo doubt it would be informally considered , by ihe delegates. The consideration of. j the Estimates was proceeded with satis- , factorily, stonewalling being absolutely | abandoned. Daniel Wiuter, a youug man, was sen- ! teuecd to live years' imprisonment, for ! sacrilege, and Arthur Richard to one year. The prisoners were caught iu the act of robbing the Hebrew Syuagogue. The geueral entries were received yes terday for the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Boxing Day meeting, to be held at Caulfleld. The following are the entries for the Summer Cup, 1J miles and a dis tance : — St. John, The Agent, Merrhnu, Claptrap, Gasalier, Maydew, Ringmaster, First Prince, Britisher, Camerine, All Gold, Baron Neckar, E.D., Grace Dar ling, The Ghost, Selkirk, Anchorite, Velocipede, Uncas, Lesbia, The Chanter, Lord Wiltou, Hilltop, Bend Or, Middle march, Hippogrid', Bohemian, Plausible, Merman, Remus, Marie Louise, Black Diamond, Acolyte, St. Lawrence, and Sea Horse. On the news of the death of Sir Peter Scratchley, both Houses of the Legis lature immediately adjourned out of respect to the deceased. 