DORUIJL A WAKENING.. " ;he has got a face just like one of her own r:d. ,uds," said Percy Greville.. "And' the best of it al," he' add: d with a la.ugh, "is that she is quite unconsciu.,s of her own. attractions." "Let's go in and buy a button- ho.e," said (Cutlibrt Ere':rtoin. " I ::hor.d rca!!y like :n see" thls nmo4:-r. Flora of yours." Dor. Calvert stooe. behi:d the eounter. aortin'g over p;il of fEri-'nt 1,himsms •hicvh lay on" a tray of td.;p gr. en llmo1ns. Heapsl of ros!,-peta:led bluds lay in the window, drifts of p l heliotrope per fumed t he air, and whit. carnat;ons lay, like hillocks of snor,. agtinst the pane.s of the. show window, while spikes of perfumed hyacinthl and Cape .jes:uaine flung their sub8tle scents upon the air,. And. Dora herself, with lier rou?T, climpled Efce, pink cheeks, and soft, brown eyes, exactly the shade of the rippled hairy which was brushe.l: simrly hoa;k from the 1:roa(d, low brow, was i. litting accessory to the scene: She looked" up, as the two g'.ntiemnn x entered, and a soft crimsonr shadow over spread her face for a sec:l d. " Have you got one of my favrite button holes made up, Miss Cal rert '" Percy asked, witas, careless. how and smile.. ~ I know," said Dora, softly. "A rose und and a sprig of heath, and two or three myrtle laveýs-that is what you like. No ; I have none made sup just at present; but I can tic up- one- for you in half a minute, Mr Greville." "One for m.i, too, if you please," said Cutlthbert, touching his hat." "Just the same ? Dora Iifted the lorng eyeh'.shes, which were like fringes of brown sil, anld gave him a sly glance.. "A tittle ditfrrit, plo'>ase. Conanit your wn' fast,; Mi.ss. Calvetrt." " I ikc the db l:c blu vio!eets," said I DI)otr, gently,. " wit giranium lWeiLves. " Thde they s;all be my favorite flower. alsor said Cothhcrt. grllantly. The gentlemrn ha'l hIarly taken their "ts-e, when the I'lrinst Iurstel in, with round, red ftee, shinini Iald head, and an air of huSriness all. over 1him. "Isn't it time you hIlva the the atre Lo.in!:S. turldy ?p' said h', lorkin:g criti.aly ;trod,I '-and movinýg a glan; of fr,'shl.l-cutt ,-.ae"Pti;is .,'it of the b-vi"l s:nsit; rl`,?ms which at, that :r:.r.~-sm-t fell, liie a; sh:f r:f glde: ,Iances, "I shall have thetn ready directly," said Dora, starting from her reverie. " Thei flowers are all sorted out." "We have too mainny carnations on hand," said the florist, fretfully, "and those gaudy. Cape Bells are so much dead loss. Let the man from the green-houses know, please, there's a demand for half-opened rosebuds and forced lilies-of-the-valley." "Yes," said Dora, dreamily, "i will tell him-when he comes." The closed e:u't, with its freight of fragrant leaves ald deliciously-scented flowers, came early in the morning, long before the fat florist was out of bedr and while the silence almost of an enchanted land lay upo:L the West End streets. But Dora wass there, freshening up the stock of the day before with wet moss and cool water, and clipping, the stems of the rosebuds. '" No more carnations," she said briskly; i"no :unarylliks flowers ; we want plenty of rosebuds and lilies-of-the-valley.. We have an order for twenty-eight extra hoquets for a dinner party, and I hope you have brought. plenty of camellias and scarlet geraniums, and those bright flowers." "I thught perhbps," said honst. Ralph I-Jewson, who mineasured six feetin his stocking feet, and had the face ofan amiable giant "you might want to go back with me to-day, Dora. Your aunt has come from Cornwall, and there's to he- a dance out in the old biarn,.with plenty of candles and evergreen boughs.. And mother would be proud to. welcome you to the old farmrnhous., De... Your oleander tree is kept carefully at the south wiudow, and-" "Dear me !" carelessly interrupted Dora, "why don't they put it in the greenm-house '" .Because D.ra, sa.d the-young nian, red Bening, " it reminds us of you. And the lark in the cage sings be .tifully ; and old red B3,-nle ha.- a little .potted calf " " Has: she ?' questioned. Dora, indclif err.nmtly. Ralph looked hard at her:. "Dora," said he, "You don't care about t the old home any longer." "Yes.. I do, said. Dora, rousing herself ; "but ' She npaused suddenly, the rosy colour rush in in a e.rmnin e tide to her cheek, an involuntary smile dimpling the corners of her fresh lips,, as. she glance'd through the window.. Ralph;. following the direction of her eyes, glanced too, just in time to see a tall gentli-: man lift his hat and bow as he went jauntily past. " is that it ?" said Ralph bitterly: " Is what 1' petuhantly retorted Dora. "I'm sure I d(u't know what we arc stand-' ing here waiting for; and' I with the twenty eight extra hoquets to make up. by two. o'clock; That' all, Ralph, I think Don't forget the lillies of the valley !" "'But you. havn't answered. me, Dorat' said Ralphi. "Answered you what ?!' "About, the dance in the old barn, and coming back with me when the cart returns at five o'clock. `It's quite out of the question," said. Dora, I listlessly. " Dora !" "Well." "You promised me, years ago-' "Nonsense!"' sid Dora,. flinging the azaleas and pinks about in. fragrant- confusion. "I was only a child, then.." "But you've, no: right to go Tsck from your. word,. Dora, child. or no child." "I never promised, Ralph." "But your let' me believe that one day you would be my wife. And I lived on the thought of it ever since. And if this situa tion. of yours should break. up. my life's hope-" "Don't hope anything about me, Ralph," brusquely interrupted the girl. . "iHere comes a customer: Please don't stand there any longer, looking like a ghost !' And honest, heart-broken Ralph turned and vent away with heavy steps. "It does seem to me," he muttered-, b teen li~s teth, "that there i. nothing lef to live for ar.y longer." Dora looked lialf-remorsefully after him. " I 'e alnost a mrind to call him back," said she to herself, as she picked out a bunch of ;vahte violets for the new comer. • "I do lhke R'!lph :ut I think he has no business to cosiider himself engaged to me, just be cause- of that h.>y-.nd-girl nonsense. OCe's i eas change as one gets on in life." And Dora's obseak was like the reflection of the pink azaleas, as she thought of Mr (roville and the turquoise ring that he had given her as a troth-plight. And Mr Myrtle came in presently. "I've a note from Lady Burnaly, in Grosvenor Square," said he hurriedly; "she wants the b-use decorated for a party to nigh t-there'&s; not a minute to lose. You bad hotter go at once, Miss lilvert., and plan the decorations-you've a pretty taste of your own---and I'll send up the flowers, with Ho'lges to help you. And Dora went, her mind still on the tar uak rinsug, with its band of virgin gold and it; r:,diant blue stone. L.dy Burnaby, a stately matron, in a Watte'u wrapper and blonde cap, received Dor in the great drawing room. I "Oh,' said she, lifting heir evy&'-sses yu r.'i from the florist's, are you 1 Well, I kuow nothing about these things-I only want the rooms to look elegant. Tell your husband to to spare no expense" "Mr Myrtle. is. not my husband," said " Yourfatber; then" "But he. isn't my father," insisted Dora, lwif laughing. "lHe's no relation at all. I will toil him, however. "Exactly," said Lady Burnaby. " I par tiularly desire plenty of white roses, as I a: toid th.t they are customary.at this sort of aftetir. Its an engagement party." "Indeed!" said Dora, trying to look inter cstcd-. "Betweei. my' daughter and Mr Percy Greville," said Lady Bur.nahy, with conscious complacency. Dora said nothing, ,ut the room seemed to swim around her like the waves of the sea. .And as she went out, with Lady Burnaby I still ohat.ting about white rosebuds and be g"ria-le:1les, she passed the half-open door (, a rornm all hung witih 1ue velvet, where a yrl!o -tr,'s.,,d iteauty sat. smiling -n a low diva, with l'erry Greviile Imwndinig tenderly 'X'V jx.o, Ctc. "He his only bhc amusing himself with me," said Dora to herself: Ther-e wnara sharp ac?ei at her heart; but after all it was only the sting of wounded pridet Thank heavre--oh, thank heaven, it was nothing vworse than that L Honest Ralph Hewson wA drriving old Roan steadily and- soberly homewards that night, when a grey shadow glided out of the other shadows and stood at his side. " Ralph,' whispered she.. " Dora," its never you." " Yes," isai the girl, gently but steadily. " I'm going back home" with you." "God bless you,. Dora. " said the- young man, fervently. "For good and all, Ralph, if you'll take me," said Dora, shyly. I've had quite enough of London life; and I'll help you with the green-houses,' and I'll try to: be a good little house keeper at- home.. Shall I, Ralph l" Ralph put his arms round' her and hugged her up to his sidle. " Darling !" said he, huskily, "it's'most too good news to be true ;but if my word is worth anything, you. shall never regret your decision of this d,.y." So the pretty flower girl vanished out of the bower of roscbuds. And the turquoise ring went back to Mr Greville. in a blank'en velope. . . - . 