The Religio-Freethought Debate A TAME AFFAIR. WHO WON ? The debate between Miss Campbell and the Rev. A. M. Taylor, on the ques- tion, " Is the Bible Inspired ?'” took place in Hadley's Assembly room last night. Mr B. S. Bird, M.H.A., occupied the chair, and with him on the platform was Mr. Braddon, M.H .A . The room was crowded with an audience thoroughly representative of all shades of opinions. The Chairman, in opening the proceedings, pointed out the oppo- sition which had so long been exhibited towards the debate, and having referred to the two wordy combatants, remarked that in centuries gone by, those who had read history would find that truth was most clouded where controversy re- specting it was most crushed, and that some of the grandest victories which had been obtained, had been the outcome of sometimes the fiercest and strongest dis- putation. It was only in the full light of controversy that error was likely to be exposed, and that truth denuded of all her false adornments was likely to stand forth clothed in all her glorious and original beauty. (Cheers.) Nowa- days somewhat liberal views were enter- tained by those who were sometimes called orthodox, and he thought that they did right to give both sides a fair hearing and find out what was the most reliable position to occupy. Each de- baters would occupy first a half hour, then twenty minutes, and the wind up would be ten minutes each. The Rev. A. M. Taylor, in opening the debate, remarked that in spite of all the.- opposition which had been nude against it, the discussion was to take place at Iast. (Cheers.) Having ridiculed the statement that he had been drawn into it and that he had no mind of his own, he proceeded to discuss the question at issue, Was the Bible inspired ? His answer was yes. And how? They had not a clearer conception of the word inspiration than that implied in the word itself. It was the breathing of God upon the minds of his servants as ” holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.” God imparted to tho sacred writers a special degree of divine influ- ence, whereby they were instructed what and how to teach and to write. That special divine influence distinguished them from all others. Life, as exhibited in any living object, w«s produced by God, but how they could not tell. And again, they could recognise God's influence in the power, the wisdom, and the goodness of man; but how that influence came into the man they could not tell. They knew that the prophets and apostles were inspired, but beyond that they could not pass. For himself, he did not believe in the theory of verbal inspiration. The manifestations of life were manifold, and could be seen in every herb, tree and flower, and the same kind of influence descendcd upon men, and they were in- structed to communicate the Divine Truth to man. How were they to know that the Bible was inspired ? Its truths shone out more distinctly and with greater brilliancy, and they had only to read those precious books to see that the writers were moved by the Holy Spirit in what they wrote He believed that inspiration was a supernatural gift, and the influence which Christians claimed for the Bible was such a Divine influence or agency in God’s servants as rendered them the penman of the Holy Ghost, so that through them God spoke, revealing the truth which reason could never discover, predicting events which reason could never forsee, announcing promises which none but God could fulfil, enforcing duties of imperative obligation, stamping the record with his own authority, and directing his servants for the inspiration and instruc- tion of his own people. Without a reve- lation from God, said Paley, mankind would have no clear conception of his nature, and no certainty of a future state of existence and no satisfactory evidence respecting the will of the Creator. Putting the question—How was it that the prophets foretold events hundreds and thousands of years before their ac- complishment, he defined prophecy as a declaration made by man under the direct inspiration of an omniscient God. The prophecies which had been foretold had been accomplished with circumstantial exactness. He instanced the cases of the prosperity, and afterwards the fall of Babylon, the scattlering of the Jews is referred to in Leviticus 26 chap, v. 33. and in Amos, chap. 9, v. 9. Those he characterised, as events without a parallel, and opposed to all man’s expe- riences. The Bible claimed its own in- spiration. With regard to the Old Tes- tament Paul’s words to Timothy that "all Scripture is given by the inspiration of God” were decisive as to two points; 1st that they were a collection of sacred writings among the Jews ; 2nd that those sacred writings were considered to be in- spired. The meaning of apostle was put too plainly to be mistaken. The Old Testa- ment claimed its own inspiration. Moses wrote the Pentateuch and some infidels said that he must have written it, for if he did not, who did ? Twenty-four chapters of Samuel were written by Samuel, and the remainder by Nathan and Gad who were inspired by the most High. Jeremiah wrote the Kings and Ezra tho Chronicles, No book was better attested than the Psalms which were written by David, an inspired writer. Solomon and all the prophets were inspired. Nearly all began with the words, "Thus saith tho Lord;” and to deny that inspiration was to charge them with the blackest hypo­- crisy. If they were not inspired they were impious forgeries, but if they were true every attempt to cause the mind to doubt them, or to give rise to scepticism, could not be too strongly denounced by every true Christian. (Cheers.) Time was then called. Miss Ada Campbell devoted the first seven minutes to a criticism of the action of the Corporation in having refused 'the Town Hall, and remarked that the Solo- mons of the City Council would never be able to stop the words of liberty and en- lightenment which were beating fiercely on the shores of the Australias. (Cheers and laughter.) Proceeding with the question under debate, she said that, Mr Taylor had told them that the Bible was inspired, but he did not give them any explanation of it, or state the real meaning of the word "inspiration." "Inspi- ration” was a comparatively modern word. It came from the Latin in in, and spirito (sic) to breath. It had no existence at the time when the Old Testament was written, and it was used in just the same sense as one might say that Mil- ton or Shakespeare was inspired. There was no part of the Bible where in- spiration was claimed. But they were told that the Bible was spoken of as a divine revelation. In the words of Thomas Paine “ A divine revelation is a communication from God to one's self. It is a contradiction in terms to call any- thing a divine revelation which comes to us second-hand. A revelation is neces- sarily confined to the first person. After that it is only an account of what another person says was a divine revelation to him. He may be self-deluded, or he may be deceiving us.” Mr Taylor had referred to the statement of Paul that all scripture was given by the inspiration of God. but Mr Taylor must know that Paul could not have meant the New Testament, simply because it was not written at the time. Miss Campbell then went into an elaborate explanation to prove that it was a well-attested fact that the New Testa- ment was not written until many years after the death of Christ, and some Chris- tians even admitted that it was written by some known and unknown persons, and compiled from notes handed down and written from memory. As to the state- ment that in the Old Testament certain parts began, " And God said” so and so, Sir Samuel Baker in his book on “ The Nile Tributaries" pointed out that that was a common figure of speech, among the Arabs. And, again, when Mr Taylor said that “ Holy men of old spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost," he did not tell them that what they spoke were the Scriptures termed the Bible There were six books referred to in the Old Testament which were not looked upon as a divine revelation. The book of Jasher, the wars of the Lords, and and they were quoted in support of what was said in the Old Testament, and what was stated to be the word of man was cited to give support to the so-called word of God. She denied that tho Bible was given to in- struct them in all good morals. She ad- mitted that it contained great moral truths, but these were more than counter- balanced by many more immoral com- mands. (Sensation.) In support of her contention, the speaker quoted several passages. She denied also that Moses wrote the Pentateuch, because there Moses gave an account of his own death. (Laughter.) And more than that he was supposed to speak of events which did not occur until months after he was dust and ashes. Ezra stated that himself and five scribes produced the book of Ezra in the space of 40 days. Were they all inspired, or was only Ezra ? If Solomon’s Song was inspired, so was also the Don Juan of Byron. (Laughter.) Most Christians, however, now repudiated that portion of the Bible. This closed the first half hour each. TWENTY MINUTES EACH. Mr Taylor expressed his regret that Miss Campbell should have referred to and quoted any obscenities there were in the Bible, as he thought it was hardly becoming before a promiscuous audience. (Cheers.) As to the quotation from Hosea, he observed that lower down in the chapter it was very distinctly shown to be figurative. With regard to the quotation from Paul, he had stated that Paul referred to the Old Scriptures. (Cheers.) He had said it was decisive as to two parts: that there was a collection of books, and that they were regarded by Paul and the Jewish church as inspired. Passing over a great deal of what had been said, he contended that there were four great arguments in favor of inspiration. There were first the miracles, and a miracle he defined to be an event contrary to " the established laws of nature, " or an established event wrought by God in attestation of some particular doctrine in nature." Christ Jesus came into the world and announced that he would be put to death, and was put to death. Mr Taylor then alluded to the more prominent miracles, particularly the raising of the dead. Miss Campbell had not referred to the prophecies. If those prophesies could be explained away he would turn a Freethinker to-morrow, and would let all the inhabitants of Hobart know that he would give up the ministry and lecture on Freethought. Having quoted from a number of eminent men to show that they believed it inspiration, he said that he had his own doubts at one time, but now he believed in the Bible. (Cheers.) Thousands of men, when they had been on their death beds, had renounced infidelity, but he had never heard of one renouncing Christianity and turning infi- del. (Cheers and laughter). Miss Campbell said that Mr Taylor was wandering away from the question at issue, He had not answered her argu- ment, nor given her any sound argument to go upon. (Cheers.) He simply made a number of assertions. She contended that quite as many, if not more, persons fell from Christianity into infidelity, as from infidelity into Christianity. As to her having quoted the obscenities of the Bible, if it was inspired and tho word of God, it ought to have nothing obscene in it. (Hear, hear.) The Bible was not true in all its parts, but even if it was that was no proof of the in- spiration. The books of Euclid were true, but they were not therefore in- spired. If the Bible was inspired it should be correct, but instead of that it was wrong in its astronomy, its geology, its geography, and its history. She alluded to several contradictions in several parts of the Scriptures, and observed that in one part it was stated that no man could see God at any time, and in another that Moses saw him ; in one part that God could not be tempted, and in another that He tempted Absolem ; in one that God was no respecter of persons, and in another that he loved Jacob and hated Esau. As to figurative language, that was a way of getting out of a difficulty which some people had when they did not want to give to an ordinary expression an ordinary meaning. With all respect to Mr Taylor that sort of thing was what she might term ecclesiastical shuffling and theological subterfuge. (Cheers and laughter.) As to miracles, if Christ raised people from tho dead why did he not raise Plato, Socrates, and Aristotle ? TEN MINUTES. Mr Taylor, with regard to the Apo- chrypha, contended that it was a generally-admitted fact that that was not a portion of the Scriptures. With respect to the obscenities of the Bible, he would not believe in it if every- thing was as sweet as it was at the present day. Those passages were a description of the movements and customs of olden times, and Miss Campbell knew perfectly well that the books of law laid down in them were very clear and very explicit. One great fact he thought in support of its inspiration, was that it did not gloss over these 'things, but stated them just as they were. With regard to tho alleged contradic- tions, he contended that if scrip- ture was compared with scripture, and spiritual with spiritual they were no contradictions at all. If they were going to adopt the style of Miss Campbell they might just as well quote from one passage “ Judas went and hanged himself,” and from another “ Go thou and do likewise" and put them together. (Cheers and laughter.) They must take the surroundings of different verses. Throughout the whole Bible there was wonderful harmony, notwithstanding that it con- tained the writings of so many men at so many different times. Miss Campbell concluded the debate. She said that she had not referred to the Apochrypha, but at the same time it was a strange thing that the bible of the Roman Catholics contained matter which the Protestants regarded as spurious. Referring to the morality of the Bible, she pointed out that the in- junction, “ Do unto others as ye would that they should do unto you.” was a selfish command. (Laughter and dis- sent.) If that were generally adopted, a judge ought to let a prisoner off, because he should do unto the prisoner the same as he would like the prisoner to do to him. (No, and laughter ) They should have a higher rule of conduct than that. They should do good without fear of punish- ment or hope of reward; they should do the right, because it was right and not to gain anything in return. (Cheers) Votes of thanks all round, including one to the chairman, were carried, and the gathering dispersed. 