FICTION. \--- o -- TroiH English Amo ri tin nml Other Periodicals THE TWINS. CHAPTER LIV-(Co?ift)i«cíl) The colonel shook it with unusual warmth for him. He seemed for once in his life glad to see his good-looking young lawyer. Of late he had been the very reverse. But not«-well, now it was differ- ent. He had won the prize-had walked coolly off with it under the very eyes of Mr. Dennis Grimes. He could afford to be friendly now-yes, indeed. A barely perceptible shiver passed through the bride as her flashing black eyes encountered the drowsy blue orbs above her. Not, abstractly con- sidered, a shudder of repugnance, nor yet a thrill of pleasure ; rather than of either the outward evi- dence of intense excitement. " Thtrnk you," she answered quiotly. To him the brief, low words wore full of signifi- cance. Miss Dorothy bustled up to take off Mrs. Vernell's wraps. The colonel had already divested himself of his outer coat, hat, and gloves, and was warming his hands at the rollicking fire. " And now your hat, Letitia. You seo I have got used to your name already," prattled on Miss Dorothy, who, if her brother had picked his wife out of a pauper institution, would have treated her with all deference and warmth out of her own simple generosity and good-heartodness. " But, dear nie, how fatigned you look ! I think you did right to come home. Doesn't she, Janies ?" James smiled complacently. On his own hearth- stone again he was beginning to enjoy the pleasure of possession. Particularly in the presence of young Grimes did he feel elated and proud of his brilliant wife. "She does look a little bit fagged," he com- mented ; " but she'll be all right in the morning after a good rest." " fA chance of travel, a paleness, an hour's defect of the rose,' " quoted Dennis smilingly. Miss Dorothy was passing him as he spoke, on her arm the bride's cloak. She beamed up at him, " 'Prom which I escaped heart-free, with the least little touch of spleen,' " she murmured, innocently. Ho colored furiously up to the very roots of his brick-brown hair. She to wound him !-a little old maid like that t And yet she had only finished the stanza as the line recurred to her. Pshaw ! what was there in an incident so simple to spur him so ? This was the cnonn/l Hmn tn-niirlif second time to-night. Neither of the others had heard her. She passed out. Oh, Aunt Dolly, haven't you the least speck of that which Mrs. Browning calls "the gall of gentle souls"-haven't you ? " How about a bite of supper, Dorothy ?" the colonel asked, when in a few minutes she returned. " It's quite ready, James. And some of that good old dry Verzenay you like so well, too. Come !" The colonel turned to his attorney. ' " Come, Grimes." "I have dined, thanks. Oh, I'll go over with you," in answer to his host's protest. "I just called up about a matter of business, but we'll defer it for the present." But later, when the ladies had gone into the library and they lingered over an extra bottle of the colonel's favorite champagne, he told him that which he had come to say. A teirifying tale, cleverly, subtly, impressively told, every sentence a fine, bold stroke in a startling picture-a picture of financial shoals, of impending ruin. When, an hour later, they went into the library, Miss Vernell exclaimed at sight of her brother's face, so white, brooding, harassed was it : ? dames, you nave nací nao. news i " Yes," he responded, dryly. " About what ?" his wife questioned. " You wouldn't be much wiser if I told you," trying to smile and failing dismally. " It's about that Golondrinas stock of mine." " Oh !" in comprehensive ignorance. And there the matter dropped. When, a few minutes afterward, Grimes rose to go, he spoke one word in a whisper as he bent over Mrs. Col. VerneU's chair to say good-night, And that word was "Remember !" CHAPTER LV. " NOW !" " Hell and night Must bring this monstrous birth to the world's light !" IAQO. The following morning broke frosty and sunshiny. Quite early Mrs. VerneU's bell summoned her maid. She raised her finger warningly as that discreet attendant entered the dressing-room. " Hush ! Make no noise, the colonel is sleeping. He must not be disturbed, as he was very wakeful all night. The bad news concerning his business affairs, which he received last evening, seemed to affect him terribly." She was not in the habit of conversing on personal subjects with her maid, but be assured for all she did she had always the very strongest of reasons, and her confidence of this morning was no exception to that rule. Evidently her rest had not refreshed her, as her husband had predicted. In the bright, early sunshine, which neither screened or condoned, she looked positively ghastly. By the time her toilet was completed, though, there was a soft glow of color in her cheeks, she donned the brown cloth travelling dress broken out all over in little erup- tions of buttons, the dress in which she had been married, tied a thick veil over her bonnet, put on a deep coachman's cape of otter, gloved her be-ringed hands, and took up her muff and porte-monnaie. " I'm going down town, Uillaria. No, I don't wan't the carriage. I shall go down in the street- cars. If I caro to I can take a hack home. I have a little shopping to do. Should you seo Miss Dorothy, say I shall be back to breakfast at half past ten. Aud_ remember, the colonel is not to bo disturbed." It was nearer eleven than half-past ten, however, when she returned. The colonel was pacing the dining-room, showing in every line of his anxious face the haggardness of a sleepless night. Ho was inclined to be a trifle iriitablc. Ho was not accustomed to be kept wait- ing for his matutinal cup of coffee. "?Good morning!" shortly. "You've got back, my dear-" Penctentially she struck her hand on htir breast. " Mea culpa !" she cried. And then, with a be- witching smile as she went up to him and kissed him, "Did I really keep you waiting?" He relented. Who wouldn't ? "No time worth mentioning. I've only boen down a few minutes." And just then Miss Dorothy fluttered in and stood on tiptoe to give a coi dial peck at her sister in-law's very blooming cheek. " The idea of your clearing off without as much as a cup of tea ! It was very imprudent. Indeed it was. She deserves a good scolding, James, that she does !" But apparently James did not hear. He was sit- ting m his usual place at the head of the table, his chair tilted back a little, his hands in his pockets, his gloomy eyes fixed on the chandelier. " If i/o« don't scold me any moro," declared the bride, vivaciously, " I'll tell you what took mo out so early." She had flung aside her muff, thrown off her cape, and was now unbuttoning her gloves. " I promise." " Well, I was just thinking last night how pretty my room was, but how badly it wanted one thing plante." " Plants !" cried Miss Dorothy, in horror. " Gra- cious, child, no ! It is very unhealthy having plants in one's sleeping apartment." " Oh, I didn't mean for there. I meant for the sitting-room off." " Oh !" " Yes. So I wrapped up first thing this morn- ing, and started down town to see what I could get." " Isn't it a bad time to get flowers ?" queried Miss Dorothy, gently. " It is so hard to keep them through the winter." " Yes, I know," airly, "but when these die, you know, I can get others. Besides, I didn't really get many flowers. I got mostly climbing plants for the bay-window. Such a magnificent ivy as I chanced on, too. Wasn't I fortunate ?" with enthusiasm a shade too exuberant for her years. "It's that high!" And she extended her arms very wide, indeed, to show how high. " Isn't it about time for breakfast ?" grundy re- minded the colonel. " Of course it is !" assented his wife, with a re moseful little laugh. " I'm afraid I'm introducing bad habits in your orderly household, Miss Vernell. Where shall I sit ?" Miss Dorothy indicated the seat opposite the colonel, and took herself one at the side. " No steak, thanks. No rolls, either. Just a cup of coffee, Dorothy-Letitia !" Looking up, he started a little to see her bold, handsome face behind the silver breakfast equip- age, instead of the beaming countenance of his sister, who had sat there and poured out his coffee every morning for the last ten years. The day wore on. Through all its sparkling frostiness and coaxing sunshine, Colonel "Vernoll remained resolutely within doors. He wandered from room to room like an uneasy ghost. About four o'clock his lawyer called. For a good hour he was closeted with him. He carno out from the interview looking paler and more dismal than ever. The tidings ho had heard were not at at all enlivening. And the worst of it was, one could do nothing. Action was denied one. Wait ! That was Mr. Grimes' advice. Indeed there was no more to give. But if he spent a very listless, aimless day, his wife spent a very alert, bright, and busy one. She ordered the carriage after breakfast, drove down to Elison and Flershiem's, mode arrangements with them as to the disposal of the furniture in her flat on Michigan avenue, returned, lunched, and then set about arranging her plants which had been sent home. She was quite entusiastic over her self-im- posed task. She changed her dress for a soft stuff wrapper got Roberts to bring up to her room the whole big tool-chest, and declining assistance, be- gan with her own hands, to twine her monster ivy, as she called it, around the casement of the bay window. The colonel would saunter in, regard her a few minutes and waudor off again. Miss Dorothy met bim in the corridor as day drew to a close. She started. "Why, James ! are you ill ? You look awful !" He smiled, a wretched, flickering wraith of a smile. " I do feel fagged out, Dorothy. If all Grimes' predicts comes true, do you know what the result will be ?" She looked up inquiringly. He answered her appealing glance in one word. " Beggary ¡" he said. (To be continued.) 