AMERICAN^ BREVITIES. I (Detroit Free Prem.) OcTOLisTS predict that we shall become a ; ftpectacUd nation ta fifty yean more. Fashionable ladies rn Paris wear short silk i socke instead of stockings. The Phrygians, a people of Asia Minor, 1 were the first to coin gold and silver. Enterprise and energy slowly ascend the stairs ot enccess while lack goes up in the elevator. lillian Spencer, the actress, has written a novel called "After All." Insatiate female 1 Wouldn't three or four Buffice T The Chinese have a proverb that every man who rules himself is a king. Any man eau be a king-if his wife will let him. The idea of making a great lake of Sahara seems to have been abandoned, and you can now purchase sandbanks at the old figure. New Hampshire farmers stick to the tallow caudle. It never explodes and there are no chimneys to break. A lady in Richmond, Va., has a twenty months old boy who cannot speak a word, but whistles and sings all airs he hears. According to the traditions of the Jewish rabbis there was no physical illness among men before the flood. The choice of a wife or husband ÍB the most serious thing that a man or woman has to decide upon. There is nothing so contemptible as that feeling which animates the poor creatures who struggle to keep np appearances. Nue-tenthB of the lawyers, three-fourths of the physicians, five-sixths of the poets and two-thirds of the literary men use tobacco in some form. The Mexicans are making a match six inches long and tipped at both ends. The average Mexican is too lazy to burn up a whole match at once. There are twenty-two different causes for headache, and you see how foolish it is to take brandy and soda when it has twenty-one chances of missing. In China they pile weights on a murderer and slowly crush him to death. It may do you good to know that it takes over 2,000 pounds to crush the epirit of a strone man. If the detectives would Invite newspaper men to take hold of cases with them there would be fewer slurs on the detective system. California has succeeded in raising a water- melon weighing 178 pounds, but it was only fit for exhibition. The taste was less satis- factory than a raw squash. A woman at Piqu», O., owns a parrot which uses cuss words. She had her choice between leaving the church or getting rid of the bird, and she kept old Polly. Charles Swift, of Dubuque, attempted to burglarise his own house to secure $500 his wife had laid away, and she put two bullets into him with neatness and despatch. The older the burlesque actress grows the higher she kicks, says the Christian al Work. Good eracious ! How did a religious editor ever learn this fact? The first midnight yell from Oscar Wilde's boy baby did more to make a man of the father than all his travel and culture. In France all the cows are milked on the left-hand Bide, and the off-horse is always called the nigh one. It is doubtful if such a country can prosper. Two hundred people turned out at Green Bay to search the woods for a lost boy, and at midnight he crawled out from under a bed and wanted something to eat. It is evident that the man who can wollop Sullivan with his fists has no desire to come forward and do it. The public will have to wait and let whisky floor him. Scientists have got so that they can calcu- late just bow much meteoric dust falls to the earth every year, but not one of them can predict a frost or a hot wave worth a cent. The citizens of Parsons, Ks., seldom question a stranger unless he is seen with a saddle and bridle on his arm. Then they simply ask him whether he prefers to bc hung or snot. An Indiana farmer who wanted his neigh- bours to remember him after he was dead, grew six acres bf Canadian thistles and sent them flying through four counties. He is re- membered. Stanley says that when you can't whip nor buy an African king you can scare Him out of his boots with a ghost story. It's a good deal cheaper than the other ways, ana the effect loste longer. " For' fifty cents cash I guarantee to make you dream that your lover lias proposed marriage," is the sign which Usa brought a Chicago woman in a heap of money in the last two years. A chief of the Cheyenne tribe of Indians declares that thc agent of his reservation is an honeBt man. The declaration ought to be preserved in letters of brass. Ivs the first of the kind ever known. Philadelphia averages one divorce to every thirty-four marriages, which is not so very bad. The man who doesn't get bitten but once ont of 'every thirty-four times on a Philadelphia girl may be considered lucky. Seven-> hundred and fifty dollar fans are very common in New York, but sensible girls don't look for such presents. They take a'fifty cent fan and 8749 60 in icecream and soda water. ' . A person struck by lightning has no knowledge of the fact and feels no pain. Where the shock is not fatal they recover consciousness, believing they have been abed and asleep. There are 1232 men in this country with artificial uoses, and over 2000 with artificial ears, while it ÍB calculated that only ono man in every ninety- seven is perfectly sound in mind and body. It is said by a New York society woman that New York contains more pretty women, and at the same time more homely ones, than any city in the world. We never heard any- body dispute ber lost assertion. The Japanese scarcely know what profanity means and instances of one man calling an- other a liar are so rare as to be scarcely re- membered. It is a great country to bring up mule drivers in. A good-looking Alabama girl had a mania for photographs of herself, and she couldn't get over that disease until she bad run her father in debt $300 and been fed on bread and water for a week. A husband in Vermont was in the habit of putting a porous plaster over his wife's mouth to stop her gab, but the court called it a case of assault and be must now either blister her tongue or submit to her talk. .A Mississippi negro's wife bod such confi- dence in him that she held up an apple for him to shoot at with a shot-gun. The coroner didn't give her memory the credit due a good action, and the shooter is io gool. A Wisconsin man who was on his way to the river to commit suicide was bitten by a rattlesnake, and the way he got a doctor around and beseeched him to save his life made the whole neighbourhood hum. A New Haven sea captain, who has spent forty-titree years of his life at sea, can't go to sleep unless bis wife dashes water against his bedroom window. She is so tired out of splasli inc around that she will apply fora divorce. The tnoBt fashionable of pet dogs in Paris jost now is the great, smootn-coatea uanisn hound, a huge beautiful animal, that ia seem- ingly as good-natured as it is large and hand- some. la the town of San Angelo, Mexico, a mother 72 years old has just given birth to a child. The lather of this wonder is 84, his oldest brother is 56, and two of his grandparents are living. A scientist named Olszewskl has succeeded in obtaining a temperature 303 deg. below zero. He probably experienced this depth of frigidness in the city by speaking to a youug lady with whom he flirted at the sea- side. .The Florida man who poisoned several of his water melons in hopes to lay out half-a-, dozen. thieve* feels, rea) sorry. that; his wife: and three children became the victims of death. It never occurred to him to warn them. A girl in Northern Indiana was out berrying when a rattlesnake struck at her and caught bis fangs in her dress. Her lover who had always wasted to die, made a «kip for home, and «he dragged the reptile half a mile before a tnveUar came to her relief. The girts of Rhode leland are sanare. One 1 of them who flipped a melon-seed uto a man's eye and destroyed tire sight couldn'tput up : any money damages, anal therefore offered to elope with him. fie accepted the offer fat the spirit tendered, and they skipped. Two old people-both were over 60-makieg a bridal tour into Cincinnati, acted so silly. that the conductor threatened to put 'em off the train, and a Cincinnati judge gave'em a verdict of <0OO as damages. He argued that a person who didn't act silly when' in love was not really in love. According to Charles Dudley Warner, the most beautiful radies at Greenbrier Springs come from the 'West. Of course, Chicago, St. louis and Detroit will each take off Ita hat and aay, " Them's us yon bet !" 