THE ALLEGED BABYFARMING The adjourned inquest on the remains of an infant, exhumed at the Woodville Ceme tery on Friday, December 4, was opened bv the Hitv Hnrrmer at the Woodville Hotel at 10 o'clock on Monday morn ing,- December 14. Mr. Henry Gartrell was Foreman of the Jury. Inspector Doyle was present on hehalf of the pouce. ihe enquiry waa commenced on the same day the child waa exhumed, but the evidence then taken haa not yet been published, the authoritiea having for their own reasons pre vented it. The evidence of the hrst witness was then taken as follows :— ? Georgina Starnes, stogie woman, residing at Kent Town, deposed to seeing the body of a child in a coffin at the Woodville Cemetery on the afternoon of December 4. Recognised it as -the child of a Mrs. .Robin bod. Met her on the Semaphore Beach about 'Tuesday, October 15. That waa the first time she saw her. She then had a little boy with her whom she was bathing in the aea, rather roughly it appeared to her. .Asked her why ahe did not give me the child, as I waa bathing and would have bathed it [for her. She thanked me, and told me the child waa eighteen months old. Mrs. Robinson over took me on the way home, and Baid she did not oftenmake friends, but when 8he did she was very friendly. She told me that she had come down to the beachforarest, and proposed that we should bathe together. A fortnight after I saw her going into her gate. I lived near her tby the water tank. She calied to me, and I Baw she had two children in a perambulator. One of them waa the child I saw her bathing, and the other waa the one I saw in the coffin. She seemed altered ifl her appearance aa I thought her faironfiratseeingher, andnowahelookeddark. I said, 'How Si your baby looks,' meaning the one I saw in the coffin. Mra. Robinson replied, 'She if very ill; she had a fit last Friday morning, 1 think of bathing it in the sea.' I begged her not to do that, as it might induce another fit. I proposed to bring bottles of sea water to the house for the child. She thanked me. I asked her how she fed the child, aa it looked so ill, and she replied that she fed it out of a ' boat' and could not nurse the two children. Did not notice her figure particu larly. Took the bottles of seawater to her, and she said deceased was better. The following Friday night called to aak after the child, and offered to take it and nurse it. She told me the deceased was 5 months old, and I told her I thought it was twelvemonths. Then took the deceased to the beach for about two hours, but before leaving I took it to her and said, ' You have not kissed your baby.' She replied, 'I am not so foolish,' but did put her face down to the child. Then took deceased to the beach and re turned it to Mrs. Robinson, who took it and thanked me. In all my interviews with Mrs. Robinson never thought she Bhowed any attachment towards deceased. De ceased had dark curly hair, and ap peared not to have any energy. Mra. Robinson told me Bhe came from the North. Asked her if she had written to her husband about deceased's illness, and she said, ' No, 1 have not sent to him because he is so sensi tive, and fond of the child.' She promised me to let him know how it waa. She also said her name Robinson was so common that her letters were frequently opened by others' at the Post-Office, and she had re quested her husband to write to her under cover, of. her sister's name. Noticed de ceased had beautiful clothing, and Mrs. RobinBon said, 'Oh, yes, I like to have nice clothes for the children.' Noticed the little boy's clothes were not so nice as the deceased's. The mother said she never took her children out on Sunday, but thinking deceased wanted fresh air I took it out. The mother was lying on the bed with the little boy, and deceased was in the perambulator alone. Took deceased for a walk the same afternoon. Mrs. Robinson said on one occasion she thought deceased was going to have a fit, and she slapped it on the face. She said she had been married twenty years, had had eleven children, and only five were living. She said she left the other three in the country, and that the oldest was 9 years old. She also said if they had lived one would have been 20 yeara old. The day before deceased died noticed three black marks on its face. They looked like finger marks. Mra. Robinson said the marks were the result of rubbing deceased's face whilst in a fit. Deceased waa insensible that day. The mother said it had had no food for some time. It took food from me. Next day thought deceased waa in a dying state, &s; it was. un conscious and lying still. Mrs. Robinson Baid Bhe had given it half a Steedman's 'powder, and intended giving it another. JJy the Foreman— Thought Mrs. Robinson waa much affected at the loss of the child. By Mrs. Robinson— When I spoke of your treating the child roughly I referred to the boy, and not to the deceased. The following evidence waa taken on Mon day : — Sarah Hook, married woman, of the Semaphore, said — Mrs. Robinson came to her house on October 27, and asked about two rooms witness had to let. She said she had been staying at Mra. Warn's for the past fort night. The woman took the rooms at 12s. per week furnished. Mrs. Robinson had deceased with her, and said she had another child at home. Asked her where she came from, and Bhe replied from Southport, and addeathat her husband was a farmer. She had come down for change of air. The previous two ysars she had stayed at Glenelg for a holiday. Mrs. Robinson took possession of the house on October 28. The following day went to her house and saw deceased, sitting on the bed. She did not appear ltd take much interest in the deceased, but the other child seemed to be well attended to. Mrs. Robto Eon toldwitaess that the deceased was -3 months old. Deceased was dressed in superior clothes to those of the boy. Had never noticed her ill-treating the deceased. The house 'was taken for three months, bat she was only there three weeks. Did not receive any rent during that time. About a fortnight after ihe had been in the house she called, witness and told her the baby was ill, and that .the doctor had ordered its removal from the Semaphore. By Inspector Doyle Took' particular notice of the two children, who did net appear to bs brother.and sister. On one occasion thought Mra. Robinson acted strangely. By the Court — My impression was that she waa hardly sane, aa after the child's death she seemed nervous, and referred to ghosts. By Inspector Doyle— Mra. Robinson represented herself as the mother of both children. Annie Peters, wife of Peter Peters, miner, of Silverton, deposed— My husband is now at Silvertcu. -He is an Italian. Heard from him a week ago. Deceased was not my child. I don't know- whose it was. I adopted it I know from whom I got it, but not whose child it is. The boy is my own child. I thought I should not have a girl, and I wanted to bring the girl and boy up together aa my own. I -obtained the child from a gentleman in Adelaide. Gave him nothing for it. 1 do not care to give the gentleman's name, but would rather take all the punishment myself. I took it, aBking no questions, and none were to he asked of me. Obtained the child in [answer to an advertisement I pnt in the papers. The child was about 13 months old when I got it, and I had it five or six weeks before it died. Waa told it was 11 months old when I got it It was Mr. Sinclair, solicitor, of Ade laide, from whom I obtained it. I got it f rom his office, Mr. Sinclair answered my adver tisement for a child. When he gave it me there waa another gentleman in the office. A boy saw me in the tram. He carried the clothes, and I went straight to the Semaphore, to Mrs. Warn's. Have no other children. I waa a stranger there, and to avoid being known I had to tell stories. Have lived at Woodside four years, and advertised for a child to gratify my own pleasure. Hove children. My 'first husband's name was Mitchell. He waa a miner, living in Queens land, Had nine children by him. They all died young, and in the vicinity of Gympie. Made no other arrangements here than the one with Mr. Sinclair. The child was « legitimate, A woman took it to Mr. Sin ciair. Do not know who she was, but it was S??f 5ne who had been nursing it previously. lold the gentleman Peters was not my true name. Advertised in the name of Alice Price, my sister in England. After adopting the child went to stay at the Sema phore, wishing the people at Woodside to think it was my own. Did not iptfj my figure before leaving Woodside. lold my mends there I expected to be con nned about October 16. Am quite sure I only got £2 108. from the gentleman of whom I obtained the child. Am quite sure it waa nothis,a8heahowednoaffectionfor it. Amsure the gentlemen's name was Mr. Sinclair, and that he waa a solicitor. Obtained it from rum at an office in Selborne Chambers. Brought it up by hand. Advertised for the little child because I am so fond of children, and wanted a gill. Did not consult my husband about adopting the child, and have not Been him Eince January 16 last. He sends me money regularly. My only reason for giving the name Robinson was to keep people from bothering me, and I did not want to be known. The boy in my anna now is my own child. Have been married to Mr. Petera nearly seven years. By the Foreman — After getting the child took the North Ade laide tram to North-terrace, and returned to the Semaphore. Arranged with the gentle man to take the child several days before doing bo. By Jurdrs-jMy idea in wishing to adopt 'the .child, while at the same tune I ww- pregnant ia that I Buffered a ~ nilsca|ri4ge.- — Mr. 'Sinclair told me that the £2 10s. was a voluntary gift from the child's father to buy clothing. ' . Think the money waa in gold and silver, but am not sure. [At this stage, the Coroner re marked upon the serious nature the case had assumed, and instructed a telegram to be sent to Mr. Sin clair, requesting his immediate attendance. | My husband sends me about £5 a month. By the Foreman— Did not communicate with Mr. Sinclair when the baby died, aa I did not wish to put the parenta about. By Inapector Doyle — I don't know when I waa last confined. I would rather not say. Waa living in Adelaide before going to Woodside. Kept a coffee shop opposite Cohens Hotel, in Rundle-atreet. Have not been confined in Woodside within the last four yeara. Gave up the key of my ionse at Woodside when I left for Adelaide. By the Coroner— When I received the child it seemed all right, but quiet and sedate. At the Semaphore I put the child's head under a water-tap, and Bcreamed, thinking it lad a fit. Gave the child no medicine. Told tne doctor I had put the child's head under a tap, and he said I had done right. By Mr. Doyle— A doctor saw the child several times before it died. Did net leave the child in a perambulator outside while 1 laid on the bed. Only gave the child fluid magnesia in addition to the doctor's medicine. The cause of the bruisea on the deceased'B face waa that a lady came in and rubbed ita face with her hand. Her ring must have done it. The deceased never met with an accident. Did not tell Mr. Hook that the boy had caused the bruisea. Have only bought turpentine from the chemist. Some waB for a lady in the next house, and I rubbed some on the deceaaed'a throat. Gave it fluid magnesia several time8 a day. The doctor said medicine waa of no use to it Lived in Hindley-street four or five months with my husband, keeping a restaurant, four Qr five yeara ago. Married my present insband somewhere in New South Wales, [don't know where, nearly seven yeara ago. Had nine children by my first husband, and only one by my present. Decline to say where the child in my lap waa born, and would rather not say whether it is my own or not. I am the mother of it now, but decline ;o say if it was born of me. I decline to sav low many children I have adopted since I have been in the cotony. (The witness later on, being pressed said she had never adopted any children in hew South Wales or Queens land.) Cannot recollect the date of my ad vertisement for a child, bnt I got the child about a week after it. Do not know the paper I put it in, and don't remember whether I advertised for a boy or girl. By Inspector Doyle— Gave the deceased rice, milk, and sago and mashed potato. Was born in 1847. Decline to answer whether [ advertised for the child on my lap or not. My husband has seen it at Woodside, and I have not seen him since January 16 last It is my own fault that I have not gone to my husband long ago. Have not advertised for other children besides the deceased. [Witness lere took a decided Btand againat anawering further questions, and repeated that Bhe would not answer the question as to whether Bhe was the mother of the child on her lap or not. The Coroner remarked to the Jury that le could commit her for contempt of Court if he thought proper, but seeing that she waa undefended he would not adopt that course. | Samuel Fancett, Superintendent of the Woodville Cemetery, said he remembered the child, which waa buried under the name of Maria Robinson. Mrs. Peters, he believed, attended the funeral; Mr. Deslandea was the undertaker. The- body waa afterwarda exhumed for the purpose of a post- mortem examination. He received the usual certifi cate for burial. John Dallas, in the employ of J. Deslandes, undertaker, of Glanville, said he recognised Mrs. Peters as the woman from whom he received instructions to bury the child. She tendered a £5-note in payment for the funeral. Thought the deceased was 9 months old. [At this stage Mr. J. Sinclair entered the Court, and on the Coroner's instructions was allowed to peruse the depositions of the wit ness Petera.] Adelaide Attle, married woman, recog nised the witness Peters as Mra. Robinson. Saw her about October 13, when she had a little boy and girl with her. Recognised the boy in her lap as the one she saw. On October 13 saw her, and asked her what was the matter with her child. Mrs. Robinson said she had put it under a tap, as it was unwell. Some neighbours saw it, and recom mended a warm bath. Saw it on several occasions, and once Mrs. Robinson told her she was slapping it to bring it out of a fit. She asked witness to assist her in bringing it out of a fit The child waa quite limp, and witnesa did not think it would recover. Saw a black mark round its neck, and also black marks on ita face. Rubbed the child, but was sure her ring did not make the marks. When Bhe left the child last it was not twitching, but quite quiec. Mrs. Robin son said she had given the baby a powder, but asked witness not to tell the doctor. IN ever saw Mra Robinson or Peters slap the child, but she never seemed fond of it. When it died witness laid it out, and asked Mrs. Robinson if she should let her husband know. She Baid no, she would rather tell him quietly. Asked her if she would like a lock of the child's hair, and she said no. After its death she would not make any allusion to the funeral. Thought she might have family troubles, and asked her to confide to her, but she would not. She told witness that her husband was in the Noith. Mrs. Robinson appeared not to pay much attention to deceased. It was left to a neighbour and my8elf. By Mrs. Peters — You did not do all you might for the baby. Yon did not offer to nurse it We took all the trouble. Don't remember you sending for the doctor. The marks on the child's face were like finger marks, or bruises from three fingers. I had only one ring on. Gave you a Steedman's powder when the baby waa first ill. My ring could not make the marks. William James Lockyer Sinclair, solicitor, said he recognised Mrs. Petera as Mrs. Alice Price. Was consulted on October 13 by a client with reference to an advertisement in the Register for adopting a baby. I wrote the following letter, dated October 13, in reply to the advertisement :— ' Mrs. Alice Price, G.P.O., Adelaide. Dear Madam— Referring to your advertisement in this morniag's paper in which you express a desire to adopt a baby, a client of mine has consulted me, and if you will give me further particulars as to your wishes I think an arrangement can be arrived at between yourself and my client. The child in this case is, I am informed, a fine healthy little girl of 9 or 10 months old. — Youra, &c;, W. J. L. Sinclair.' Mra. Peters, now in Court, waited upon me. She told me that she was a widow, and came from New Zealand. She said she was fond of children, and wished to adopt a little girl. Asked her if she had advertised in her proper name, and she said she had not. I asked her her proper name. She asked me if the child was mine, and I said it was not. She then asked who were the parents, and I said I could not disclose names. She then said she would not disclose her name. I enquired aa to her circumstances, and she said she was an independent widow. The only thing she required with the child was a complete wardrobe. I consulted my client, and he agreed that the child should be adopted by Mrs, Price. I wrote again, aa follows :—' October 15. Mrs. Price, G.P.O., Adelaide. Dear Madam— Will you kindly call and Bee me either this afternoon or early to-morrow [morning ?— Youra faithfully, W. J. L. Sinclair.' On the Friday she came to me again, when Bhe had about 100 letters in reply to her advertisement She read a great number in my office. Told her that she could see the child, and that I was in structed that it was healthy. The child was brought to my office, and she saw it there. She approved of it, and arranged to take it with her, She said she was starting f or N e w Zealand the following week, and that she had no children of her own. I told her that a list of the wardrobe would be supplied with the child, and, if incomplete, money to buy more would be given. Again asked her her nanue, and she again asked for the name of the child's father. Told her I could not give it, and Bhe withheld hers. Arranged to communicate with her on her arrival in New Zealand, and she promised to let me know how it progressed. This was on a Monday. On the Wednesday following the child was handed over with a portmanteau of clothes. A list of clothes was read over, and Mrs. Price said it wa8 insufficient. She would want some warm clothes for the voyage. AEked her what money would suffice, and Ehe said £3 10s. Know I gave per £3 10s. My office-boy carried the portmanteau to the train, and I have not seen the woman again till now. bhe promised to communicate with me directly Bhe got to New Zealand. I came here in consequence of the telegram from the Coroner. Bv. MrB. Peters— Am under the impression I gave you £3 10s., but will not swear it. We arranged distinctly to communicate about the child, but that no names should be disclosed. Asked you for a receipt for the money, but you refused to give it. By Inspector Doyle— I request that the Corpner will allow me to refuse answering questions aa to the child's parentage at present. If I am protected by the law from doing so I think it is my duty to my client. Augusta Sophia Byerlee, married woman, said she remembered seeing Mrs. Peters at the Semaphore, but knew her aa Mra. RobinEon. Saw the body of the child exhumed! at the cemetery. It was the same Mrs. Robinson had. On October 30 she called out 'Will any one come to me? I think my baby is dying.'' I went to see it, and it was calm, not twitching. Suggested a warm bath, and that T5r. WjMe efoquld be sent iot. Dr. Wylde came, said the fchild was teething, and pre scribed for it On sending to enquire after it waa told it was better.. Saw the child on the Wednesday,: and was told that it had a fit, and was dying.. Mrs. Robinson said she thought she had killed it through putting it under a tap. Witness had never Been children in fits like deceased had, but had Been them in convulsions. Had never seen Mrs. Robin son ill-treat the child. Emma Warn, married woman, said she . knew Mrs. Peters, who gave the name of Robertson. She took two rooms at my house, next the Semaphore institute, and paid 15s. per week. She said she had two chil dren, a boy 15 months old and a girl 1 month old. She afterwards said she did not remem ber her baby's age. . She left that in town, but afterwards brought it down. She always seemed kind to the children. By Inspector Doyle— She told me that her husband was a farmer in the Far North, and that ahe had been staying at the Coffee Palace. She pat the children to bed and left them frequently, which I thought strange. The baby s arms were bent back, and Mrs. Robertson used to tie them forward. The child I saw in the coffin is the one that was at my house. William Thomas Hook, residing at the Semaphore, said he remembered Mrs. Robin son, who took one of his houses about October 28. Called her attention to black marks on the child's face, and she Baid her little boy had knocked it down, and was cruel to it It appeared to me that the child had been squeezed with the finger and thumb. Understood that Mrs. Robinson's husband lived at Southport, in the Northern Terri tory. Have children of my own, and do not think its death was caused by convulsions. It appeared to have something in its stomach which it was anxious to throw up. After death its breast was swollen up to its chin. Robert Tracey Wvlde, surgeon, of the Semaphore, Baid he waa called by Mrs. Robinson on October 30 to see her child. Went at once, and Mrs. Robinson told him that her husband was a farmer at Kapunda. The child was not in convulsions when he saw it, but seemed like a child who had had them. Did not tell her to put the child's head under a tap, but to apply cold water to the head, ftext day heard it was better. Saw it again on November 1, and found it unconscious, and apparently suffering from inflammation of the brain. The two upper teeth were near the surface, and I lanced the gum, Mrs. Robinson seemed troubled about the child. Mrs. Byerlee chiefly attended to it. Saw it several times after, when it was unconscious and convulsed, and this con tinued till its death on November 13\. Its age was represented to me as 5 months, but I thought it older. Gave a certificate of death, assigningteething, irritation of the brain, and convulsions. Saw nothing unnatural in the child's arms. Do not think putting the child's head under the tap would do harm. I agree with it By Mrs. Robinson — I think everything was done for the child, but by the other people. Cannot Bay whether it was given medicine other than that I prescribed. If Steedman'a powders were given with my medicine they might have done harm. lhe Coroner said some very queer evidence had been elicited and he conld not close the enquiry that day. Dr. Corbin and Professor Rennie had yet to be examined, and possibly others. The inquest would be adjourned till 2 p.m. on Thursday next On the application of Inspector Doyle, the witness Peters, alias Robinson, waa ordered into custody. 