A Dead Mans s-Face. A GHOST STORY. BY. THE AUnTHO or " CALLED BACK." i'agiiative' beings who invent marvellous tales maytake what license they please, but a iimple' iiiatdr is;othinig if not accurate ;'so, before beginiing this, I looked' up old .corres; pondence and various memoranda made at the time when the"following things occurred. The first ij5rer?ibion wlih 'I put my' hand heas a letter.: Timay as wllopen:with a copy ofit: 1 "Dear old Boy,-I have met her at last mhy fate-the one woman in the world for me. Nothing is-settled"=as -yet7::but'-I"shouldanot write this unless hope were a certainty. You must wish me joy, although she is a widow and an American-two qualifications which Iknow yotowill-find"fault"with:."No'matter ;"when` _ou seeher you will recant, and be, envious. 'u ee, "Claud Morton". The writer -was my.brother-I ywas goingto ~ iy'monly brothib, t!I habd ihanitheoionce; ,although` thealessasaid about him :the' better. ,Nearly. every: family has, its black sheep. O:uO hihd been a .peculiarly sable one. When. lifie,' ?i-soimie yearsi ag, 'I passed the sponge ovei-,his long list 'of delinquencies, and tried tto think of him. as kindly as possible. He died a disgraced man, far away from home. I call this black sheep, Stephen, my brother, ;not:Olaud's, the fact being that Claud can scarcely be said to have known him. I stood ":in age midway between the two. Claud was sixteen years younger than Stephen, so that ,when;the latter was shipped off as irreclaim able, the former was a little golden-haired fel low of seven. ,JTliheabove "letter made' me feel both glad and sorry.'. I was glad that the boy--he was still the''ioy to me, although his age iwas'seven 'and-tiwenty'-was going to'be married; but I wa .sorryithat his choice had not fallen on one of his own countryivomen, and one who could have given him her first ,love. Still;, allthis ivas his o6vwn peculi ar business. ''"No' doubt he had ;niade;, a suitable:.choice, and the i only thing left for me to do was to write him a cheerful' letter of congratulation,' andliope that .his love affairs.would'sodn beehappily'settled. SA: week went by; then came a long, letter froim .him,. He had proposed 'in orthodox formI , nidh.t: ldeen duly'acdepted. ' His'letter lie's before me at this inoment, and I feel sad as I read again the two pages coveredwith the lover's usual raptures. I am not a mercenary min, :butt 'own I feel somewhat, disaljpointed on learning that: she was poor. Somehow one associates wealth w\;ith an Americai' widow who is sojourning in England; 'But, so far as I' could gather from Claud's lettter, Mrs. Despard, or. Judith, as he called her, was not well off.. He spoke of, her as bein; all 'alone' in :Londoin, which fact,' he added; would necessarily hasten. hismarriage. It would take place, he hoped, in a week or two. In conclusion he pressed me to run up to town in order thlinake the acquaintance of my future sister-in-law. , I was very busy at the time-I may say, in passing, that my business is to cure people's ilmnents, 'not to' tell stories- nevertheless I managed to pay a flying visit to town, and was duly'presented.to Claud's betrothed. Yds, she was liahdsonie-eirikingly hand somes.° Her whole appearance was'much out of the commnnon. She was tall, superbly built on a large scale, perhaps,.yet _aceful as a panther in every movement. Her face gave evidenice of much. chriacteir, power, and deter mination,'and of passion also, I decided. ' Her rich dark beauty, was at that time in full bloom, :aid although I saw at a glance that she was some years .older than my brother, I was not at all, inclined to blame Claud for his rap turouS expressions. So far as' personal charms went 'I could find no fault' i'ith Judith Des pard.' Tor the rest, it was easy'to see that she was passioniately in love with Claud, and, for the sake of this 'I gladly overlooked all my fanicifll'objections to his choice, and congratu litedl hinr heartily on having won so beautiful a creature. . Yet, stiange to say, in the midst of his new ound happiness my biother: seemed anything' but his usual cheerful self. He, the merriest and most talkative: of men, seemed taciturn, moody; and preocccupied. The curious thing was that his"changed manner struck nie parti cularly,shilst we w\erein m rs., Despard's com l Ian. He sploke and'behaved in the most af-, fectionate and lover-like way, but there was in' hisgoenbrall be?rin5g som'ething which 'puzzled me altogether, Itt seemed to. me that .he niglit Serh rs ?h nrvouin iis to iht impression his fair friend might make upon his elder brother, whom-he so'reverenced andrespected. This thikory of -mini-e as strengthened by the,factiithat iwhen;: at night; we found our solves alone, and I was ableto freely express my admiration of Mrs. Despard's good looks, lie brightened up considerably, anad we sat un til a. vuryilate hour, and tallung over the past, the pioreseit, arid the futurt e. " Wheis'do" you meani to be married ? I "In ' fdotnilit;or'i hreli weeks.' Theie is nothing to wait foi-r ::Juditli'is living 'isoise in.,?o.dging.. he.hassno friends.to consult; so we shall'just walk to church some morning and get it over." "Well, let me walk with you. I should like to see tlhe last of you." "All right, old fellow. But you'll be the only one--unless Miry likes to honor us." Mary was my wife; but as her time was just then fully-.occupied:by . very.young baby, I did iidt thiiik it at all likely sh Wvoild he able tomnake the long journey to town.. I shlall' selct the elrliest.day i cau," added Claud. "The fact is, 'I liave been feeling rather.queer lately. riaiit a change." Thi&iupdiip; 'I qubsti6iied liinii' as ' to iWhat ailed him. S6"'fair s c6uld as certain,: all that was the matter waslhis' having worked too hard, and .being'idilit~tle belo;i par.: 'I pre scribed a-tonic; and quite agreed with him as to the'benefit- vhich he would' delive 'from change of air.2,. : ... ,': ., When I reached..home.my wife scolded me foi. ly stiupidity.' It seems thatit was my duty to lihave'found out 'ill about Mlrs. ?Des parid's anteceideits, relationis, connections, cir cumstancei, habits, and disposition,: whereas all I c'uld say:wvas that she was a beautiful ividow with a small:income, 'and that she and Olaud were devoted to ohe ijiother.. " Yes,":said Mirs. Morton scornfully, "like all other men, the moment you: see a pretty face you inquire no further. :I quite tremble for Claud."?r When I.reflected how iittl I really. knew aboiit Mirs. Desliard, Ifelt ibashed andguilty. However, Claiud was a full-growni man, and no friteinal counsel wvas'likely to ti-n him' aside fro 'liis' desire'.'' 'In the course o6fa few days he wrote me that' he was tb be imairied on the 5th of the :next month. , I made arrangements 'vhich ,would enable. me to ':go to the wedding; but three days before the date named.I heard again from:him. Tlhe yvedding was postponedJfor a fortnighlit. He gave no reason for the delay; but he said he was an?xious to see me, and to m6rr~vi he should run down tosiy homne. He came as promised. ' I was .'aghast when I''sdav'hi.i; He looked worn, haggard, wretched. My first thought was that business mahtters had gohe wrong with him.' His looks might well be those of a man on the brink of ruin.. After,.?the firstgreeting I at once took him to my study in order to be put out of sus pense.' Just as I was about to begin my anxious questions he turned to me. "Frank, old fellow,l' he said, imploringly, alid-with a faint 'attenipt at a smile, ' don't laugh at me." . lIaugh! That was the' last thing. I was likely to do. I.pressed his hand in silence.' "You won't believe me, I 1-noiv,' he con tinued. "I can't believe it myself. 'Frank, I 'm haunted." . "Haunted'!". I was bound to smile, not from any' disposition ,toward. merriment, but: in order to show the poor boy the absurdity of his idea. I'Yes, haunted... The word sounds. ridicu lous, but I can use no 6ther.. I'aunted." ,'" What haunts rou? " ' .. " SHe' ame close t'o ie aid 'grasped my arm. His voice sank to a hoarse whisper.'. "'A horible, ghstly; greuesome thing. "It is killing me. It comes between me and my haplpiness.' Ihave' foiught and, struggled agi'st this phantom terror. I have reasoned cahuly with mnyself. I ha-ve laughed my own folly to scorn. In vain--in vain. It goes, but it comes again" "Overwork,"I said; "insommnia, too miany cigars, latehours; and had you been a dr nk ing man I should add, too much stimulant, too little food, anxiety, perhaps. Have you anything on your mind-any special worry ?" "Of course I have," he said, pettishly; "Did I-not tell you it is killing me?'" "'What is killing you?". He rose and paced the room excitedly; then suddenly he 'stopped S'hort, and once more clutched-my arm. "A face," he said, wildly--"a man's face; a fearful white face that comes to me; a hor rible mask, with-features drawn as in agony ghastly, pale, hideous! Death or approaching death, violent death, written in every line. Every feature distorted. Eyes starting from the head. Every cord in the throat standing out, strained as by mortal struggle. Long dark hair lying flat and wet. Thin lips mov ing and workiig'g-lips that are 'cursing, ial" though I can hear no sound. Why should this come to me-why to ine? Who is this dead man whose face wrecks my life? Frank, my,. irothIir, if this is ?isease or'iiadness, cure me; if not, let me die." His words, his gestures, sent a cold thrill through me. He was worse, far worse, than I had feared.' I . " Claud," I-said, "you are talking nonsense. Cure'youl of course I mean to cure you.. Now sit down,/collect yourself,' and tell me how this hallucination comes." : "Comes.! How does it come? . It gathers in corners of the room ; it forms , and takes shape; it.glares at me out of the wall; it looks up at me from the floor. ;Ever.the same fearful white dyinig face, threatening, cursing, some times mockmng. Why ddes it come'?" I had already told the poor fellow vwhy it came, but it was no use repeating, my words. "Tell me. when you see it,", I.asked; "at night-in darkness?" " SHe hesitated, and seemed troubled. - :No, .never at night. In broad daylight only.,. That to me is the'crowning terror, the ghastliness of it. At night I could call it a' dreamn Frank believe me. I am no weak fool. :For weeks I have borne 'vith this." At last it has conquered ime. Send it away, or I shall go mad." i"I'll send it away, old boy, never fear.' Tell me, can you see it now ?" "No; thank God, not now." "Have you seen it to-day?" !' No.; to-dayI have been free fron' it.' "Well, you'll be free frolm it to-morrow, and the next' day, and the. next. It will be gone for ever before:you leave me. Now comie and see Mary and the babies. I haven't even asked you how Mrs. Despard is." . A curious- look"crossed his face. "I think she grows more beautiful every- day," he said. Then he seized my hand. ." Oh, Frank,", he exclaimed; !' rid.me bof this horror and I shall be the happiest'nianr in the wirld.;' S"All right," I answered, perhaps with more confidence than!I felt.. 'Although I made light of it to my" patient, his state greatly alarmed me. I;hastened to put him under the strictest and most approved treatment.. I enforced the most rigid sump tuary laws, made him live on plain food, and docked his consumption of tobacco .unmerci fully. 'In a feiv days I.wiis delighted to find that niy diagonosis'of -the -case was cor rect. Claud was rapidly recovering tone. In a week's time he seemed -quite. restored to health. The days 'went by. As yet Claud had Said nothing about leaving me; yet, iuiless thed?ate was once more adjourned, he was to be married on the 19th. I'did'inot counsel him to.post Ipone the happy day. He was by now so well that I thought he could not do better thani ad here to his arrangement. A month's holiday, spent in the society of the woman he loved, would, I felt certain, complete his cure, and banish for ever that grizly intruder begotten of disorganised nerves. 'From the monotoiious regularity and volu minous nature of their correspondence it was evident, delay and separation notwithstanding, that matters were going on quite smoothly between Glaud and. Judith Despard. Every day he 'received and wrote a long letter. Nevertheless, it was .not uintil'the 16th of'the month that I knew exactly what ;he. meant to do about'his' mairiage. ! !Frank," he said, "you have been wonder fully kind to me.. I' believe you-have; saved my life, or at least my reason. Will you do something more for me'?" "Even unto half. my kingdom," I an swered. "Look here: :I am ashamed. of the feeling, but I absolutely dread returning to town. At any rate, I wish to stay therp no longer than is needful.' Thursday' nimoining I'must, of course, be there, to be married. :You thinki me cured, Frank ?" he added abruptly. "Honestly, yes. If 'you take care of your self you will be troubled no more. "Yet.why do I dread London. so? Well, neiver inind. I will go up by the night mail on Wednesday-then Ineed only be there for'a few hours.' Willyou do this for me-go up on Wednesday morning,,see Judith, and explain hbiv it ii that I shall iiot see her until we meet ill the cihurch ?" ... . . "Certainly, if you wish it. . But you had better write as well.". .. "Ye, ?I shall do that. There are several other little thingi'you'iiust see for' me. The license I have, bhit you must let'the clergyman. know. You had bet'er go and see my partners. They may thiilk it strange ifI marry and go away without;a wod."' "" Thinlking it better that lhe should have his. own way, I promised to. do as he .wished. Upon my arrival in town on Wddiiesday after noon I went'striight to Mrs.' DeSpard's; I was hot sorry to have this opportunity, of seeing her alone. I. wished to urge upohn her the necessity of being careful that Claund did not again get inito i that higlhly wrought nervous state, from which my. treatment had so happily extricated him. SShe was 'iot looking so well as when last I saw her. At time's her. manner was restless, and she seemed striving to suppress agitation. She made no adverse comhments on Iher lover's strange whim of'reaching towii to-mdno\i only in: tinme for the ceremony: Her inquiries as to his health were most solicitous, and when I told her that I no longer feared anything on his acdodnt;,her =heart;felt sigh of 'relief told me how deeply .she loved him. Presently she looked me full in .the face. Her eye' weie half closed, but I :coduld see an anxious, eagerlook' in them.' " He saw a face,". she said.. " Has it left him ?"' t "He 'told you of his queer halluciniktion,. "No; but once or twice when:sitting with me he sprang to his feet and muttered: '.Oh, that face! that ghastly, hlibribl fidci! I cai bear it no 'longer!' Thin hm' u$shed wildly from the room. What face did he' see, Dr. Morton ?" To set her mind a~t'rest, I gave 'her' a little? scientific discourse, "which explained' to her how such mental phenomena were brought about.' She listened attentively, and seemed satisfied. Then I bade her adieu'until to morrow.. The marriage was to be of the quiet kind. I found that hIrs. Despard had'' nade no ar rangement for any friend 'to accompiany her so,: setting all rules of etiquette at defiaince, I suggested that, although the bridegrooms brother, I should call for her im the morning and conduct her to the church. To this she readily consented. Somehow that evening I did not carry away such a pleasing iiiipression of my .brother's bride as I did when first I met her. I can give no reason for this, except'that I was not' forgetful of my wife's accusation, that when first I met Judlith Despard I had been carried away by the glamor of her beauty, and thought of, nothing else.. 'As I walked to Claud's romms, which I occupied for the' nighit I al most regretted that he had been so hasty-cer tainly I wished that we kneiv more of his bride. But it was now too late for regrets or wishes. I called for' Mrs. Despard at the appointed hour, and found her quite ready to start. Her dress was plain and simple-I cannot .describe it ; bat I saw that in despite of her excessive. pallor she looked' very beautiful. In the cai! riage on our way to the church she was :very silent, answering my remarks with monosylla bles. I left her in peace, supposing that at such a moinedit every womai 'must be more· or less agitated. . '.'. : When i,the carriage drew up at the churchl door, the biride laid her hand.upon my arm. I could feel'thiat she was 'trembling. "Cla?~d' will be here ?" she asked. "Nothing will stop him,?"... "Nothing. But I may as well step out and see that he is waiting."' Yes, Claud was in the church'ivwaiting for is. We exchanged greetings. The old sexton sum 'noned the curate; and Judith Despard, my brother, and myself walked up to the altar rails. Claud looked very well that morning; a little fagged, perhaps, but the long night' jour ney would account `for that.: He certainly looked proud and happy as he stood on-the altarstep side by side with the woman who in a few minutes would be his wife. But before the curate- had finished reading he opening address a great change came over him. From where I was standing I could only see his side'face, but that was enough ,to show me that he was suffering from some agitation -something far above the nervousness so often displayed by a bridegroom. A deadly pallor came over his face, small beads of perspiration sprang to his brow, and I noticed that those tell-tales of mental disturbances, the hands, Sere'so tigihtly clinched'thattheiniuckles grew' white. It was evident that he was.suffering anguish of some ki'd;, and for a moment I thought of stopping the service. But the. rite is but a short one, and from whatever cause Claud's agitation might proceed, .it was' per haps better to trust to him to curbit for a few monients than to miake a scene. Nevertheless I watched him intently and anxiously. ' Then came the charge to' declare any impedi ment.: As the curate made the conventional |pause, Olaud, to my surprise, glanced roiind in a startled way, as if fearing that' his marriage would at.the last moment be forbidden. The look on his face was now one of actual terror. '(To'be condluded in our next.) 