V.R.C. AUTUMN MEETING. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, February 23. The Autumn meeting of the V.R.C. was in-<*> augurated yesterday at Flemington, Rain fell heavily during the previous night, but the morning broke fair, though threatening. This no doubt had a prejudicial effect on the atten dance, which was very poor. Those who did attend, however, were amply repaid, as the racing was of a superior description, and the weather cleared up beautifully by the time the first race started. His Excellency the Governor and suite arrived during the day. Owing to the night's rain the course was heavy, which accounts for the slow time made in the various events. The Newmarket, in fact, was ran in the slowest time on record. The proceedings commenced with the Essendon Stakes, which fell to Commotion, who defeated Malna, OS Color { and three others easily. Wiring who came in second, was palpably lame on returning to the paddock. The Ascot Vale Stokes resulted after a fine contest in a victory for Uralla, who defeated the favorite Monte Christo, belonging to the same owner, the Hon. J. White, by half a length, Thecrowd on the hill and course evi dently thought that Monte's jockey (Hales) did not do his best on the colt, and hooted him on returning to scale. It is worthy of note that in the Maribyrnong Plate Uralla, who was a hot favorite, was easily ontpaced by Monte Christo, while in this race Monte Christo, who started with money on him was just beaten by bis Etable companion. The filly was in a much better condition than Monte Christo and looked very tit. Silver King, the favorite, beat David and Mozart for the Licger. There was talk of a protest on behalf of David, whose jockey states that he was jostled at the back of the cour?e by Silver King— a. fact which was apparent to the on lookers. Ko protest, however, was entered. A splendid field of thirty faced the starter for the Newmarket Handicap, Coronet being made a hot favorite with 4to 1 against *""* He justified the opinion of his backers, being splendidly ridden by Cracknel!, and carried his owner's colors past the judge's box three quarters of a length in front of Sliddlemarch, who ran a splendid horse. Sheet Anchor was third, only half a length away. The Hopeful Stakes fell to the South Australian filly Jnanna, Girofla.and Sunny Bays being imme diate followers. The proceedings closed with the Brunswick Stakes, for which Madcap was a hot favorite. Grace Darling, however, after a good race with Madcap, appropriated the stakes, Distiller being third. ESeESDOX SIAEES. One mile and a half. Hon. \\\\. Pearson's b h Commotion, by Panic— Evening Star,? st. 3 lbs. (Power) 1 Malua, 9st3lbs.(.Uobertsou) 2 Kegintld,Set lib.(Boast) 3 Other Starters—Plausible (Woods), OS Color, aud Metal (Nicholson). Betting—Even money Malua, 6 to 4 against Com motion, 5 to 1 Off Color. Metal went to the front shortly after the flag fell, aikL led. past the stand, followed by Plausible. The latter took the lead at the turn, followed by Metal, Commotion, Off Color, Reginald, andMalua last. Along tlie liver side Metal again vent to the front, and Plausible dropped into second place, Maloa still beiijjr last. No material alteration took place till the t&tds; were reached, when the field commenced closing up. Conujiotion ra*T into second y*l<m*^ sxit the turn and led into tbe straight, followed by Off Color, Reginald, Malua, Metal, and Plausible* At the car riage paddock Maloa made his effort out could not reach Commotion, who won by five lengths, Malua beating Reginald for second honors by two lengths. Off Color was fourth, then came Plausible, and lletil last. Tune, 2 rain. 47| sec ASCOT VALE STAKES. Three quarters of a mile. Bon. J. VThite's hr. f. Uralla, by Chester—Moon stone, 8 st 7 lbs. (Ellis) 1 Monte Christo, 9 st. 3 lbs. (Hales) 2 Dunlop,Set lull*.(Moore) 3 Antonio (<juiiin), Buttress (Norton), and Lady Claudia \OLncn) also started. Betting—Even money Monte Christo, 3 to 1 against UraUa, i to 1 Dnnlop. Antonio uas first away, followed by Lady Claudia and lloute Christo The last-named crossed the tail first {lulling double, with Lady Claudia and Buttress next. At the coinage paddock Uralla ran up third, with Dunlop close behind. At the distance-post White's two horses went away from the field, and the favorite looked like a winner when Uralla nude a rush and beat him on the post by half a length; Dunlop third, eight lenptfes away ; then came Lady Claudia, Antonio, and Buttress last Time, 1 mm. 21J sec. On weighing in Hales os Monte Cliristo was hooted by the crowd ST. LEGES STAKES. One nifle and three-quarters and 132 yards. Mr. W. Branch's b c Silver King, by First King— Senorita, s st 10 lbs. (Moore) 1 Air. v. Davis's b c David, by the Gondolier—Alice Drew, Set 10 lbs. (Power) 2 Mozart, by St. Albang—Oueen Mar}-, Bst 10 lbs. (Braithwaite) 3 Treniando (UaJes) also started. Betting—s to 4 on Silver King, 5 to 2 against Mozart, 3 to X David. ilorart wasoC first, but David soon took uptiic running and led past tbe stand, closely followed by SDver King. At the turn Silver King led David by a length, JUosaut and Treniando being six lengths away. Fast the bridge and round the back the saute order was maintained, and along by tbe abattoirs the leaders increased the gap. Between the list two sheds David and Silver King were neck and neck, while Mozart, followed by Tremando, was dosing up last. Silver King led into tihe straight in spite of the efforts of David and Mozart, and yon comfortably by a length and three-quarters, David beating Hozart for second honors by a neck: Treniando last Time, 3 sain. 32} sec SEWHARKET DAXDICAT. Three-quarters of a mile. Coronet, by St. Albans—lTinia Donna, 7 et (Crack nell) 1 Widdleroarch,S6t.4lbe.<FlannJgan) 2 Sheet Anchor, 7St 7 lbs. (WuUiingon) .. ..3 Other starters—Welcome Jack (Iveim), GarSeld (Colly), Battalious (Gallagher), Sir (iaroet (lloGrade), Blink Bonny (Fauon), Prometheus (Murphy), Con in^sliv (Barr), Dueana (O'Brien), Topaz (Wynun), GiiObt(Trahan), Mistait (X. Brown), Amelia Victoria i?oate), Salvo (Eobertson), St John (F. Wniiams), Alphabet (Moor), Velocipede (Gough), Masoatte (Ellis), Town Moor (Kilhy), Lavington (YVeasellL Xantappe (Bacchus), Bohemian (H. Brown), Hannibal (Blair), Surrey (Nicholeon), Wcettmry (F. Blair). Marie Louise (Fogg), LeporeUo (Sanders), CUudine(McAuliSe). Betting— 4 to 1 Coronet, 6 Prometheus, 8 Sir Garnet, 14 Leporello, Salvo, and Battalions, iO Coniiu:bby, Town Moor, and Surrey, 25 Topaz and Bohcuiiau, 33 lliddlcuiarcli aud Velocipede, 40 St. John. AttertwoMsc starts the wholetroopgotawaytogether n ith the exception of Velocipede and Mistake, who were quite a couple of leugtas in ttoe rear. Dueuna ikasliiefin-ttOblion to actual ad\iUitace, llascotte, Amelia \ictoria. Battailous, Topaz, Coronet, and Lavinxton tciiig next On crossing the stand Am^ii* Mctoria was in front, v ith Mascotte and Battalijus next, and Coronet and Town Moor heading the otliers. Prominent amongst them were Sheet Anchor, and Sir Garnet and Middleuiarcb holding a good position behind the leading divi sion. At the turn Mascotte was at the head of affairs, Alphabet, Mistake, and Velocipede being a long way in the rear of the field. When opposite the carriage paddock Uiddlemardb made a forward move ment, ana Crackneil on Coronet improved his position. At the distance Coronet came with a splendidly-timed rush and eventually won a fine race by three-quarters of a length. Middlemarch, who came out of the rash very fast at the finish, was second, and Sheet Anchor half a length off third. Tbe Ghost was fourth, and then came Leporello, Sir Garnet, Blink Bonny, aad Battalions, and after the centre division, who were in a bunch, came Alphabet, Mistake, and Velocipede last. Time, 1 mm. 18* see., being the slowest on record. Prometheus who was backed for a lot of money, and greatly fancied by the stable and public was never dangerous at any portion of the race. lIOrgFCL STAKED. Five furlongs. Juanna, by Gsng Forward—Jlaidee (Uutchins) .. 1 Girofia (Devaney) .. .. 2 Sunny Days (O'Brien) 3 Other starters—Abner (Williamson), Matchlock (Hales), Benius (St. Albans), Fernaide (Moore), Man chester (Colley), Antonio ((Join), WHdrake (Trahan), Warina (Olds), Mountain lass (Robertson), Meer schaum (Butler), BrelUv(Uahoo). Betting—s to 4on Matchlock, 5 to 1 against Man chester. Meerschaum and Antonio were first away, but Girofla was in the lead over the tan. Fernside showed to the front at the carriage paddock, but Juanna shot out at the distance and won by a length from Girofla, Sunny Days third tv.o and a half lengths away, Femside fourth. Warina fifth, aad Wildrake last. Time, 1 mm. 4} sec. BRUNSWICK STAKES. One mile and a quarter. Grace Darling, by The Diver—Eyre, 7 st. 4 lbs. (UlUs) _, 1 Madcap, Bst 9 lbs. (O'Brien) „ .. „ ..2 Distiller, 6 st. (Johnson).. 3 SardiusOVymen), Odd Trick (Colley), little Sister (Moore), Anglesey (St. Albans), Sirocco (Robertson), Duration (Power), Stationer (Sanders), Happy Thought (Nicholson), Menbnore <St- Bacchus), WarfieM (Cracknel!) also started. Betting—2 to I against Little Sister, 3to 1 Happy Thought, sto 1 Madcap Bto 1 Duration, Odd Tnck, Grace Darling, and Anglesey, and 10 to 1 WarSeld. Stationer took up the running at the fall of the flag, followed by Grace Darling and Duration, Little Sister, and Mentmore last. At the back the position of the first tno was unaltered, Happy Thought went up third, followed by Sardius and An"lesey. At the abattoirs Happy Thought ran us second, with Odd Trick Just behind he? At the shed? Happy thought went to the front and led into the straight with Madcap and Grace Darling close behind. At the carriage paddock Madcap shot to toe front, and locked all over a winner. Grace Darling, however, came at tbe finish, and won nicely by a length and a lull, Distiller was third tno lengths behind Madcap, Happy Thought fourth. Then cauie Duration, Anglesey, and Uarfield, with Odd Trick and Stationer last, lime, 2 mm. 12 j sec. 