GERALD MASSEY'S LECTURES. C'HaRLKS LAM It. In accordance with promise ivu now give our readers some extracts from Mr. Massey'is lecture on '■ Charles Lamb, the most unique of English Humorists," delivered in the Mechanics' institute on Thursday evening last. '•Mr. Massey staled that he would commence by illustrating one or two broad distinctions betwixt wit and humour. Wit, be said, deals more with thought; humour, with persons and things. Wit only reached characteristics, whereas humour deals with character.-. With Wit two opposite and com bustible qualities of thoughtnre broughtinto sudden contact and they explode in the ludicrous. Humour shows us two opposite personal characters, like,Don Quixote and Sancho l'nnza, which play into each others hands and dissimilate dovetails into the laughable. Wit twinkles and carruscates about the subject. Humour glides right to the heart of the' matter and luminously informs. Wit teases, tickles, and titilatcs. H umour fills you to the brim with a measurefal content. Wit gives you a sharp, sudden electric shook that leaves you tingling from without. Humour operates from within with a slow and prolonged .excitation of your risible soul. One of wit's great elements is surprise. Iudced, when the surprise is over you will often rind you have been cheated upon false pretences, Gingerbfiei; will fizz as well as champagne. Not so with Humour, He is in no hurry. He doesn't fizzy and be off. Jfe is for keeping it up. Ho doesn't go home till morning. With Wit you nre on the qui rive ; with Humour you. grow glorious. If brevity be the soul of Wit i the soul of Humour is longevity. Wit is thinner by 'nature.' It,bos a .subtle spark: of light in the eye, but n less carnal flush of jollity in the laugh. , lt'is, ; na {we say, wry dry. But Humour rejoices in the amplest physical health j it has a strong ruddy nature—the glow and glory of animal spirits. As the word indicates, Humour has more moisture of the bodily temperament. Its eyes glisten with the dews of mirth j its face shines with the extreme, unction of a jocund soul; its words drop with fatness. As stout people often dance the best, so Humour relics on size: it must have body—like good old wine. He gave two or three examples of Wit and Humour at work. When Jerrold describes Dogmatism it is Wit. " Dogmatism," he says, "is puppyism arrived at maturity." We arrive at Humour when Chancer describes his lawyer as being the busiest of men, and yet "he seemed busier" than , he was.": Curran said of Lord Myron's poetry, " His Lordship weeps for the Press, and wipes his eyes with the public." That waB Wit; but wo get once more to Humour, in lfabellais,' whcnPanurgciri'the /mortal ngony of sea-sickness and in m'ortol. dreod iof ' ship wreck cries out, " Would to God that I were safe on dry land again with somebody kicking me 1" Added Mr. Massey, if somebody were only kicking him you see he would, have felt sure of a safe footing (laiigliter); It was Wit when Douglas Jerrold. re plied to the unfortunate poet who asked him. if he had read his " Descent into Hell." "No," replied Jerrold, who felt bored ; " but I should like to sec." On the style of reading peculiar to our age, Mr. Massey made some observations which should com mand earnest attention. We live, he said, in atime when there is a great deal of reading done—very literally done; a time thnt is well fitted to produce the run-and- read sort of mind, or, rather, a mind that can ride and read at the rate.,of 40 miles .on .hour.' Ours is what n Coekney might call'the medi eval crii of.tho lending library I./Menders; borrow their books instead of buy iky them. The resuit'"is,' they do not own them and cannot jhhkcsk them, cither the outside or the in. Now, it is better to read one good book thon to glance at ten. Nay, as Sir William Hamilton used, to teach his class of stu dents, it is more profitable to rend win good book ton times over than to read ten good " books once. So much patient attention is needed to plumb and fathom nnd dredge tho depths of any lastingly good book. But who does that now-a-days ? Charles Lamb was a reader,'a student,'a possessor of books in this old-fashioned nnd almost obsolete way. We have so many books also, good, bad, nnd indescrib able, all of which get some sort of endorsement from tho Press that the moss of readers cannotdistiuguish the one from the other, nnd this leads to a very craze of craziness for that which is new, in the sense of being published the latest. I once bnd a dream thot I was in the next life, and that tho books printed in this world having passed the judg ment hall, whore tho eternal censors Bit, come; up for reading. But from these allUlmt -was false-in themselves nnd all that was borrowed or merely re flected from others hod been utterly effaced. : This praiseworthy process made ghosts and inuutritious' -pbautoms. of many books thnt had no body to ■them.' .Somotimqs a single paragraph remained of a whole page ; at others only_one printed page was left of an entire book. All the rest had evaporated in the Com!minor. A very, very few had passed almost as they were written on earth to bo admitted, into thnt select library of old books which furnished mental food for tho immortals. Amongst tiicse masterpieces, I noticed a considerable volume under the name of Ohnrles Lamb. So far from hungering for mere novelties, when Charles Lamb heard of a new book having come out, ho at once more nnd more devoutly read an old one. And that, which would have been paradoxical in others was not 'an affectation , even in ^him. ; Hp did not hunt after tho paradoxical'; he Was a paradox.'-'Ho was'born antique in a modernitinio j, antique and nuairit hi all his1 tastes and ways:: He was;aVdcai\ lover of all good books, but lie was very cnoice m his favourites. Books that were ripe* in quaint wisdom or uncommon knowledge, curiously, ex pressed—ft' flavour of tlie past, a fragrancc of thought, a child-like simplicity of heart, a shy, shady nature, wherein the mind dwells in rich re tirement among the quiet growths and mellow hues of age—werosuro. to win, his ; loving regards. . Ho had such reverence for his chosen ('authors that ; he1 thought it would not have been out of place to 'sayi a grace before sitting down to their banquet of beauty. " My midnight darlings," he calls his books. These he liked to embrace in largo folio, .and .find a huge armful—a taste said to be charac teristic of some' small < men f in> thechoice' oftlicir wives. Lamb's own writings are. at the head of an almost unique class—those which' we take hometo; us most intimately in" personal friendship as bed and board acquaintances, because the writers have given themselves to us in the shape of their books, and come near to us in the life they live .with all their qunintnesses of character 'rather than in the form of literature, The writings of Lamb are to the _ literary epicure what the woodcock amongst birds is to the English -sportsman — what .. some , choice s and exquisite, wind is to tb'e connoisseur j and thorp is.jn.ll the differ ence betwixt ,the flavour of liis writings and that of common book-makers, that tliero is, in game-birds and farm-yard'poultry, The ouc'hrul lo pick up, its living from-Nature's own hand, and has tho wild sweetness and zest of Nature itself; the other was crammed with tame food, and grow3 only tamo .flesh'. SI'- think.Lamb . would not have objected to 'this" simile,' even though lie might have been the,first to point ou6 that w'o were making " game " of him (laughter). Tho key to Lamb's writing may be found iu his own character j and the main clue to his character may bo found in his life. Lamb, like Burns, was one of those favourite children of Nature.to whom she gives most by taking most away •£bnef<SI-those; whom Fortune, overlooks when".this world's' prizes are'being distributed. But Nature . lias a design on men like these ; prisons them—per- ■ haps puts the eyes of self out as they tlo with birds | to make them sing—or pricks them continually to make'■• tliem secrete some particular : peiirl., :/As Emerson says, " I'rovideneo hiis a wild, rough, incalculable road lo its ends j" and these favoured ones arc just the mosti hardly treated—they arc compelled to rough it iu life—doomed to unpleasant toil and perpetual anxiety. They have to become acquainted with grief—they have to win their help out of all kinds of hindrances, and turn their losses into eternal gain. And why is this / Because life —tho highest life—is a thing of spiritual relation ships ; and, perhaps, the great Author wants these to lean on him in more immediate dependence j whereas so ninny people seem to think tho chief end of man is about 10 per cent, l.anib was born almost in penury ntid brought up us a charity boy. His childhood was nursed by that, grey old Nurse of many heroes—the stein mother—Poverty Charles Lamb was born 011 the 18th day of .February, 1775, in one of the Chambers of tho Temple. His father was a clerk to Mr. Samuel Salt, a barrister—one of the benchers of the inner Temple. His father's family came from Lincoln shire, his mother's from Herefordshire. He did not attempt to trace bis ancestry beyond two or three generations. Ho probably shared the sentiments illustrated by Sydney Smith, f,'ho said his grand father had (Vinttppviwcd about the time of the .Assizes, and they never made any further inquiries. Charles hiul yuu brother and one sister, both older than himself. When he had turned seven years of age he become n scholar in Christ's Hospital, where he remained for seven years. There he made the acquaintance of Coleridge, who was, his elder by two yeois. His influence over Lamb was great, and their friendship lasted to the end of life. But Lamb never became n very enthusiastic disciple of the great Talker, lie listened in wonder nt the new heavens that rose " like an exhalation " over the old earth ot Coleridge's incantation. He felt the music into which the voice turned everything— saw the palm trees wave and the pyramids tower in the long perspective of his style. But of all who stood hand-in-liaud and sang together for joy in the golden/dawn of the-new future then pro phccied, Lamb was the least lifted off his feet.. He had no ambition for Utopia ; no desire to dwell in Cloudland j he was a nestler in the homely vallies ; no' ranger'of "the mountain tops of speculation. A bit of pavement that could be felt firm under foot was more -satisfactory than all the cloudland's going. At 17 years of age Lamb obtained an appointment in the accountant's oilice of the East India Co., and.in the India House he served for 88 years. There was an''''h'6rcditdry taiht ' of insanity in Lamb's family, and when Charles was about 20, this broke out in his own self in a par oxysm of madness. On this occasion he spent six weeks in a lunatic asylum. The fatal consequenccs of his sister Mary's action whilst in a frenzied fit, during which she struck licr father on the forehead with a knife and felled him to the floor, and aftcr wards stabbed her mother to the heart, were next depicted, buing followed by a touching sketch of the devotion and attachment exhibited towards Mary by her brother. They have been met, hand-in liaud the tearsrunning down theirfaces,seen hurrying along as fast as .they could;to'get to the lunatic asylum before the blackness broke, and they, were caught in the'full fury pltbe storm, ami thcy.wcre carrying the straight-waistcoat with them. Charles Lamb deliberately choose to offer up liis life as a sacrifice to his sister, and this is the great fact of his life—the moral of our story—his ceaseless and eutirc devotion to his one great ond holy purpose. "Speaking of insanity, Mr. Mossey said : Spiritualis tic phenomena have come to throw a flood of light on this subject, although our medical science has done little at present in that direction except to draw down the blinds.against the light,,.,, A good deal of insanity, is only a kind .of disorderly som nambulism. Lamb says the rambling talk of his sister was often better than the sense and sanity of most other people. Our medical science cannot, possibly bottom the mysteries of insanity without a fundamental knowledge of the abnormal conditions of trance, with which I bad a profound personal experience during fifteen years. There is the mad ness "that sometimes results from a strong keen spirit being unfitly bound in a poor frail tenement of the flesh. The clay is "o'er informed" with soul, which flashes at times with a preternatural brightness. The brain is not equal to the stress and strain of the immortal worker that uses it. The mortal machinery gives way for a time, and has to be recovered by unconsciousness. Charles Lamb was in his 21st year when ho had to stand alone in the world, and took upon himself the bur then of the family. Here is a picture of his deso late home after the terrible event of his mother's' death. " My aunt was lying apparently dying," he writes j " my father^ with a wound on his poor forehead, and my mother a murdered corpse in the next room. I had the whole weight of the family upon me." He had groat need of reliance on ,lljm • who tempers the wind to ;the shorn- lambs.' In about a month after the mother'si dcatli-his sister returns .borne, and Lamb; writes i V My.-'poor dear,' dearest sister is restored to her senses—to a dreadful sense of what has passed; awful to her mind, but tempered with a religious resignation. She knows how to distinguish' between o'v deed committed in a flt jof frenzy and the terrible guilt of a mother's murder. She bears her situation as one who has no right ;to' complain." With what entircness Lamb lived for his poor sister; and with what affectionate solici ts re ho sought to solace her wo may partly gather from one of his letters in which ho writes -lie is speaking of visiting—" It was not a family where 1 could take Mary with me ; and I am afraid there is something of dishouesty in any pleasure I take without her." He was indeed "all conscience and tender heart" towards his sister 1' " God love her," he said,may we two never love each other less !" .and it may'be added' tlicyuw^oj: did^-thieirfgreat love 'remained steadfast'' ancl- unalterable'^ iintil the end. of,life litnl triumphed over every trial I Sonic persons Have:rpgretted that Lamb should have been • bound to the* desk'of a clerk, but the truth is he could, not have lived by his pen in any other way. Hazlett, who wrote with ten times the facility; of La'mbj'"could hardly earn bis bread by it. Young men with literary tastes and aspirations are at times apt to despise the commonplace tasks of life. All I if wo only had some noble employment and occu pied some'loftier position and had some larger out look on the world, how wo would work, how , we would shine as we " figured away brilliantly " in.the eyes of men. What grand heroes wo could be if we only,had sufficient chance. But the good Father, says to us,""Not so fast, little ones; creep before^ you climb ; clear the ground as you go ; whatsoever your hands find to do, do it with all your might; trust Mo for tho rest. And that is the manly part;;; the heroic may follow. Let us not despair. 'Tis not worth while to go and hang yourself as did the poorFrerichyoutb;bocausb;bis fatc'h'ad made him a grocer. Work ou, strive faithfully, and faint'not; better ,things-,by-and-bj\ ,iTho Master,'often keeps the'best Wine till, the last;! and ifyoii^never get it here, why then you shall have it Hereafter, if you,, have earned it. The question put by Time mayj bo, /'What have;.* yoii jdono ?" But the/question jof fE'tcrnit/ is; "What have you'-fitted''yourself j for doing?" As Hen Johnson sings— " It is not growing like a tree • I Z In bulk, doth make lpeu better bo ; , ,Or standing<likejan;oak threo hundrod years,! :>i; ','JL'o fallift log atlastj;dryj bald,jiiid sore ; j yjj. A lify'ofa' day ~ { -$.5, Is fairer far in May; ! y'v Altho' it fall and die that night, : ; It was the plant and flower of light, . " ;In;small proportions we just beauties.see,,-y < : """ And in'short ineasurcs'lifc may perfect lie; " Lamb sometimes kicked against his drudgery ot tho. Indian House, but it; was'just the safest work thot ho could have had under the circumstances. 1 Six. fours' labour a day, with a steady income of £800 or £100 a year was a more sensible thing than if he sought to' live by the imagination alono. He had; quite enough to brood over, and his employment; left him plcnty-of working time. To bo taken out1 of himself perforce—to find an anchorage, six hoursf a day, for his vagrant temperament was a Godsend to Charles Lamb. It is: also better for us. The' literary result is' that he has given us his best in tho. omnllnak onmnass. Of course when a man crows a frosh crop every year, he can offer us now wine ; but whoa he only boils up the old skins unci stalks, and offers his annual rinsings, we would much rather bo limited to the fresh sprightly runnings of his one vintage... .If a limn has but four volumes in him,'it is/a pity hjj should go oil diluting them into twenty! Lamb was nowhere so much at home as in Lon don. lie was a creature of its own making—a] true child and faithful lover 1 London streets 'were paved witli pure gold for him. At least lie says, " I knew an alchemy that turned her mud * into , that metal, a mind that loved to bo at houib !lu«.cro.wds;V London*, supplied tho-'ilrst awnken ' tag ^images of; .his : young; life.) £,Thc "fresco of the" virtues which" . Italianised tho ; end of paper buildings " gave him his earliest hint of . allegory. His nature had struck root among the bricks of the ol(l Babylon;, and there,; it clung lovingly, and blossomed like sb'mo fragrant trailer, breathing sweetness and freshness, as if all cock neydom was in flower. London was his home, in spite of its honiclessness for those who bo often migrate as Lamb had done. He ucvcr breathed so freely as in its choked thoroughfares, IIo loved its very smoke because it had been the medium most familiar to his vision. He liked to feel the pulse of its mighty heart, and be in the brush of its great river of life. Its murmurs made a music that ho could appreciate ; he had an " car " for that. " I dread the prospect of summer," he says, "with its nil-day-long days. No need of his assistance to make the country dull. With lire and candle light 1 can dream myself in Holhorn. 1 would live in London shirtless, bootless; I love tho sweet security of streets and would set up my tabernaclo there." He loved Men-sects better than Insects. External nature was very good back ground, and green things were pleasant in their place, but tho world of London was where Lamb felt at homo and in tho warm world of friendly human intercourse his nature expanded most cheerfully. He did not care to wander in solitude chcwing the cud of sweet—and—bitter melancholy. Ho would rather be in a crowd of people whom he disliked than bo left by himself. Mental haze and lovely twilight he shuuuud becatisu of the tumble shadows that might take living shape. When lie was in (he country, be walked as hard as he could out c£ it. He hurried back from the couutry, as be sa:id, to breathe the fresher air of the metropolis. He does admit that for a short, time he ouce bad less repulsion to the forlorn, wide world, with no brick walls on either Bide of you, called the country, Tbis wap when be was in love. Lover-like, be then had bis affinity for green things and (he cicseent moon nnd shady bower. Turued to the fields as ailing dogs eat grass. One of tbe most provocative and interesting nspeets of Lamb's character lies in this discovery, that all his manifold simplicities of nature nnd fragrant blos soming of delicate fancies—bis love of tbe choice things in poetry, bis keen zest for unsophisticated human beings, bis sensibilities of a tremulous tenderness—bad no root in a love of external nature. He needed no mental nourishment from the country world of grass and leaves, jargoning of birds, lapse of pleasant waters, field Ecents or smell of flowers. He asked not tbe baptism of the dewy da'wu, or benediction of'the closing day of any rural solitude. He could live and grow and keep his nature fresh and green in London. This is a fact in human nature, as curiously interesting in a literary point of view as is the novel fact so delight ful (o boyhood when it learns for the first time that mustard and cress .'may be'grown with a bit of flannel and a drop of water, and docs not need to take root in the earth at all. It is curious to note in connection with this life-long feeling of Lamb's, that bo died at last, and was buried in tbe country. He died at Edmonton on December 27, 18tti, bis end being somewhat sudden. His old friends had . been failing and fading away one by one ; be greatly missed their old familiar, faces —especially that of Coleridge; his friend for 50 years. One day, when out for a morning walk, be stumbled against a loose stone and fell. This, as he would have been delighted to point out, would hardly have happened in London ! His face was slightly wounded, and erysipelas followed. He had not strength left to combat with the disease, and he: sank gradually, being quite calm and resigned, and:gently; passed away at the ago of fi!) years. Mary Lamb lived on for some 13 years, nnd then she was laid near him-in the same grave in the church-yard of ICdmonton ; and united in life as they were ;by such bonds• of affection and tender ties of holy love, in death they were not divided I 