In Divers Places. BY A SEA-SCARER. The strangest of the numberless stories I have heard from old divers was the relation of what happened to a man whose time, he said, had been much of it spent under water. We met on' Christmas Eve, during a journey in a second-class carriage, and the story he told me and the only two other passengers in the compartment appears incredible 1 There are, however, the two other persons to vouch for the facts, only, unfortunately, as they were perfect strangers to me, I have not their names and addresses. But as he offered to take me down to the spot and show me what he had seen-supposing the circumstances to remain the same-I can hardly dare to.cast discredit on his experience, particularly as I declined to take the measure he proposed to assure:me of' the truth of his story. I had better give it'in his own words "'Twern't. long since," said he, "I were engaged to go down to a ship what was said to have a lot of old silver dollars aboard her, and the party as wanted me wished the job done of a night, and I were furnished with a 'lectric light to take down with me, asit was thought I mightl make more discoveries by that than by daylight. Well, down I went, and soon landed on the deck.' The vessel lay upright, but everything had been washed away, so that the cabin could be entered by the opening where the skylight was. As-it was there that the'specie was expected to be found, I at once made aft-having come on board at the bows.? The main hatchway was open,- and turning my lamp to shine down it, the deck was in. shade, when I was startled to see a faint gleam coming up out of the cabin lights; However, I thought, ''Tis only the bulkhead is broke away, and the light of my lamp coming up through the water.' I turned my light towards the bows, but still f the same gleam came from the cabin., This seemed queer, and I thought it might be .whatLhy"call prosperpeasant light-or some 8 such name-and might come from dead e bodies.. Now for they sort o' things, I'd seen d too many to feel queer of 'em, so up I goes to the cabin light. What I sees there beats all t I ever sees afore or since; and though I were a bit scared at first, I son goot all right, and 1 took good notice of what I saw. This is what it were-- ... " Round the cabin table. were three men the captain, as Isupposed, at the head. They didn't look exactly alive, and yet they did. Each of them shone with the light I was tell- c ing you of, so I could see them quite plain. e Each of 'em had a glass of grog by him, and a they was playing at some game with cards. Well, thinks' I; this ir a rum go, to be sure. t But, not being afeard- 'cos itain't my nature ,w to-I watched 'em for. some, time, till I got ' so set on the game they.was playing, that I c clean forgot the work I was gone down for. They was play:ing a game of betting on one card out of three, and the bets was all in hard silver dollars. The sight of these re- 1 minded me, at last, of my duty, and Ithinks to 'myself, ' Counters, my lads, will be good t enough for you to play with, so I'll have them t dollars; and I don't fancy you can stop me.' To be sure, there was no counters to be got i .there-only the.' counter' of the ship, and that weren't no use by itsel-but I thought I would act honest by them, as I alway has, aiid bring them down a' stockof counters in a day or two, and that delay'couldn't matter to folk who' had all eternity to play in. .But, as it turned out, I managed the affair differently, for as I entered the cabin, jthe captain he asks me to take a .hand, .quite pleasant like, and 'Bill,' says he to i one ;'of the others, 'get out a glass, and the rum;' which he did. Yes, it was rum, as i you say, gents. So down Isits attable, and there we was, four men-or'one 'man and three ghosts, which you like-just as it might Sbe us four as is sitting here now, ;larring being three of us' spirits- though, gents, if either of you has a drop of spiritin a flask, it would help' ona dry throat at this talking. -Thank ye. "Well, as I were saying, I'sat down, and thisiwas the game. Each one in turn took' three cards from the pack --showed what they were, and then· shuffled them, and threw them 'face down on the table.` One of the others then bet which was the: highest card, and-if he won the dealer paid him, andif he lost helpaid the dealer. I had a rare run of lucIik, fdr you see, 'twas a simple sort of game,, and ,I guess that one live man is more than a matrch for three dead ones I soon cleared out their.pockets, and the cap. brought out a large box full of dollars from his state room, and at it we went again. \- "Well, to make a long story short, I won their bottom dollar, and then.we was obliged to stop. They didn't like it, but took it' quiet like, and made me promise to come suoon again and give them their revenge. Did '1? No, I don't rightlyremember that Idid. Sowe shook hands, friendly, and I went up on deck-with the dollars, you may be sure' -and as I passed the open skylight, I saw them all lying on the lockers in the cabin, _just like a lot of corpses." My movements 'diiturbing the water, made· them roll a bit, and it looked as if theywas stirring in their pleep. '"How did I secure the dollars? Well, there'ssecrets, they say, Inall trades, and ;f an old diver can't go deep enough into 'em, I Sshould like to know who could I At any rate,. I squared my employer with a story that 'when I searched the vessel (which, you know, I never did) I didn't find 'any dollars, and that I could take my bible oath that there wasn't a sinigle dollar on board at that mo m.'snt--which was true as gospel--and he took it all down like a hoyster; and here's one of 'the dollars, as I keeps in remem brance, which also goes to prove the fact. "Now, geiits,' wasn't that as queer a sort of experience as could be for a man to have ? And, for my part, allI can say is that it was very queer. Now, gents," continued the diver, " I dare say as you has a sort of -curiosity to see what sort of game it was we played in that cabin, not to speak of feeling wishful to play with a man as had taken a hand at cards with three corpses; so if either of you happens to have a pack of cards about you, I'll just show you t.e sort of'game it •One of the other men said he had a pack Vn' his bag, so .he got it out, and the diver :takes three cards, a knave and two others. "Here they are--look at 'em well," he says, ' and watch me spread 'ema on this cushion. There, now, I bet eith~e of you: you won't i pk out the court card-Pll lay a quid you doa ' j" . The man who. ePt the pack took the bet and won, but the dive* objected, as hemight bhave some private mark on the backs of the court cards in his pack. Howevar, thie other man was equally successul, and wh. I tried my luck I won two dr thd.. times, and then a bad run set in, and I lost again and . : again' and might have lost' more, but that we ; stopped at the station,.where, it so happened, all my three fellow travellers got out. .Just one, sentence more before I conclude this true history. -On my arrival inLondon, .- ?I told' my'tale-and' the diver's story to a Ilitersay friend, and. althoiugh a sailor has to \- put up with many hard blows, I think, I asever got 8o hard a one as he gave' me. ' " Why," says he, " that diving story was all got up to introduce the well-known three. eca.d trick to a Ilat, and the other two men ''were' bonnets,' and I'go, you son of a sea ncook, wereut well ,bonne~tBd I" 