OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) THE tenth month of the year in Melbourne, like the seventh month of old in Palestine is A TIME OF " HOLY CONVOCATIONS "; or, at least of convocations that ought to be holy. I do not know whether one could apply the epithet with fitness to such a meeting as that between the Melbourne Presbytery and the Scots Church congregation on the 13th of the month. The feelings generated on that occasion do not appear to have been of the holiest, and the result was a resolution of the congregation protesting against the action of the Presbytery, and leaving the breach between the two bodies, I should think, wider than ever. At any rate it may safely he affirmed that October is the month of Ecclesiastical convocations. The Melbourne Presbytery, the Sunday- school Union, the Hospital Sunday, and the Congregational Union gatherings come into this month. In regard to these last, so far as they have extended, it is my duty now to say a word. Observers of human nature note certain characteristics which differentiate the Congregational Church parliament from a good many others. In the debate ecclesiastical proprieties are less rigidly observed than in some other places. The ministers and delegates seem on familiar—not to say on free and easy terms— with one another; and (happily for everybody) they are not fond of moving a multiplicity of elaborate amendments as the Presbyterians do, who have also, if I mistake not, a vicious practice of having several amendments before the chair at the same time. No one who has not STRONG NEBVES AND TOUGH DIGESTION onght to accept the presidency of any body which allows this. The Congregationalists appear to be jogging along much as in past years. The treasurer's balance-sheet showed receipts £945 and a surplus of £G, but things are not considered healthy, financially, unless the year starts with about £300 to the good. Otherwise, as expenditure goes on all the year, and the income (largely made up of church collections) does not come in till the end of it, too much has to be paid for bank interest. Every year the Chairman of the Congregational Union and'Mission of Victoria—to give the thing its proper official name—has to give an address. There is a thorn to every rose, and this address is the Congregational chairman's thorn. A man is expected at such a time to do his best—and a little better. He cannot easily exceed, and may very easily fall below expectations. This year the Chairman was the Eev. William Allen, of Carlton, who expatiated for an hour and twenty minutes on " CHRISTIANITY AND THE POOR." It was really " Christianity in relation to certain social problems," and quite a new departure, so far as choice of subject was concerned. The chairman is a Blue Ribboner, and one result of the address is likely to be a Congregational Total Abstinence Association, the suggestion of which is due to the Hon. W. M. K. Vale, another Blue Ribboner. During the meetings an English visitor, the Rev. J. A.'Balshaw, late of Newport Pagnell, was introduced to the Council of the Union. So, also, was the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., who has a great many warm friends in this colony, amongst whom your correspondent loves to be reckoned. In regard to matters Presbyterian, to which I previously adverted, I have to tell you that theToorak Presbyterian Church took a sorrowful farewell of the Rev. Martin Lewis a few days since. He seems to have been much beloved, and had only recently settled there. His wife's health compels him to leave. The Toorak Church will send home for a minister. Why cannot a man be found in the colony? However, that is their business—not mine. The Rev. Robt. Scott, of Chalmers Church, is also leaving the colony. He sends in his resignation to the Melbourne Presbytery, 60 he says, because they have frowned upon him in consequence of his smiling upon the Rev. Chas. Strong. Rumour has it, however, that the frowns of his own congregation upon their pa6tor have had something to do with his decision. To turn again for a moment from Presbyterianism to Congregationalism, I have to chronicle rather a new departure in evangelisation. The Rev. Osric Copland, of Prahran, has been holding a week of evangelistic services. Generally a stranger is called in to do such a work (and I think ceteris paribus a stranger is more likely to do the work effectually), but Mr. Copland has done the whole thing himself, and I am pleased to add, has cause to be gratified with the result. At last, after a stormy time, the illfated (as I guess it will prove to be) Licensing Bill has passed its third reading in the Assembly. If it has not been washed of its impurities it has certainly been well mangled. The first stage was one of CONCESSIONS TO THE TEETOTALLERS. Consequence—teetotallers glad, liquor-traders sad and mad, local option (even though limited), higher licence fees, high- class licensing courts, abolition of refreshment room licences within twenty miles of Melbourne. Thesethingsfilledtheheartsoftheopposition with cursing and bitterness. But now came another stage. A considerable reduction of the increased fees—loss thereby £30,000 per annum. No limits defined to compensation —left in the discretion of the licensing courts. Destruction, to a large extent through this reduction of the increased fees, of the provision for meeting the compensation claims out of the trust fund which was to have been created by them. Result—grief everywhere throughout, and rage in many partB of the teetotal camp. Third act in this " strange eventful history ":— Limitation of barmaids' hours to eight per day, and of barmaids age to twenty. Think of that. Imagine an inspector inquiring the age of a barmaid. He would be a clever fellow if he could get to know. You or I would give it up, Mr. Editor. Then a provision that in case the reduced trust fund should be " at any time insufficient to meet the payment of toy compensation granted by the licensing court, any sum necessary to make good such compensation shall be paid from the proceeds of any duty on liquor hereafter imposed, and specially-appropriated by Parliament for that purpose." Third act closes with TEABS AND SMILES BEVBBSED, liquor-sellers again cantankerous, and blue-ribboners with their wry faces a little less contorted than before. But the Bill does not please the total abstinence people now. As to what will happen to the Bill during its fourth stage human, the imagination reels to think of it. But the legislators of both Houses have had so much of the subject that they are ready to exclaim, as Macbeth did to Banquo's ghost— " Hence, horrible shadow. Unreal mockery, hence!" Now, I will close with a little bit for the special delectation of the Editor. I venture to think you will appreciate, and perhaps be able to " improve " for the edification of your readers. It is taken from the Argus report of what the Rev. F. H. Browne said, as Editor of the Victorian Independent, " If he inserted a sermon he was told by someof them thatthey had quite enough of that sort of literature on Sundays, and on the other hand, if he introduced a few jokes a body of demure and sedate subscribers would come and tell him that they were scandalised and disgusted at the printing of such matter in a religious journal." Notwithstanding all this, Mr. Browne is an excellent and popular editor. I have just room to add a line in regard to the second annual meeting of the Victorian Congregational Jubilee Fund. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., of Adelaide, received an enthusiastic welcome amongst his Victorian friends, as a delegate from the same fund in S.A. Mr. Durham, delegate from N.S.W,, was similarly received. Both spoke excellently. The report showed cash received to date £11,624. October 15, 18S5. 