MELBOURNE. Tuesday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) I regret to say our Premier was reolly ill to-day, and for the first time since he has been affected by the epidemic, was con strained to leave his department and return home before noon.; He will not be presentin the : House . this -. week; ' and 7 unless he i takes rest the. leadership will have ;to be put -on commission again,-or left' to-Mr Berry. It is fortunate, for. the -Premier that 7 : he has -so capablea representative. . U-: i, Thosewho are using boilers, in connection with mining or other pursuits, appear to be under some misapprehension us to what con stitutes ■ a > thorough . test,- and;• frequently reports are .made to the Mining Department, in which it ispointed Vdnt that boilers .on mining ■ clahns are submitted to . a very inadequate trial.Mr- Meekison - .has , in humed the department that at Beechworth a boiler over 18 years in use was subjected to a steam pressure of 75 only, and allowed to continue in use, while another was passed after a pressure of 901 b had been resisted. Mr Meekison complains of this course, and deems it not right to submit the boilers to a steam testpressure before the hydraulic test, which; he points out,' is generally ignored altogether. The Secretary for Mines, in a memorandum ‘attached to Mr Meekison’s report, states.that the steam .test referred to by the writer is no test whatever, the object of such tests being to correctly ascertain the resisting power of the metal, and to find that it ; has become: in ho way strained.: Mr Langtree has also issued. circulars to foun dries and machinery yards pointing out the necessity of thoroughly testing boilers before they are delivered. ■ 7 Mr W. H. Grainger, inspector of mines for Sandhurst, who so unhesitatingly condemned the sulphate of. iron spray as of no use in dealing with the noxious fumes arising from nitro-glycerine compounds must lose faith' iu the correctness of his tests, ,in face of the wholesale evidence accumulating in favor ■ of the invention. In addition to thenumber of' successful experiments already chronicled, Mr ‘Charles Stewart, inspector of mines at' Ballarat, has made a most satisfactory . trial of the spray-in the New North dunes claim. The test was carried out hi the 1205 feet level, at 1000 feet from the shaft, the ventila tion having been closed previous to exploding: the dynamite, but notwithstanding :the severe l test those~in the face felt no incon-' venience from the fumes, and the manager has decided to continue the use of the spray iin order to practically illustrate its efficacy beforqthe Noxious Fumes Board when that ;body proceeds to Ballarat. Mr Trezise also reports having made a successful trial of the spray-at the New.’North Bendigo claim; St;. Amaud.': This trial was made at a depth'of' 400 feet, iu a closed-up drive, but again there was no ill effect from the fumes, which were entirely dissipated by the spray." Several members of the 1 Ministry including the Attorney-General, and. Commissioner of .Customs,- accompanied by several members ; of Parliament will .visit Sale bn Thursday ■’ pext in connection with the local canal to-be ■ constructed-for the improvement " of com munication. , The party will be . suitably entertained, and will return to town on Thursday evening. ; Dr G. A. Tucker, author of “Lunacy.in: many’ Lands,”- gave evidence before, the 7 Lunacy Commission to-day, and in ■ a whole-- sale manner condemned the Kew and Yarra. Bend Asylums as the worst planned; j and . worst conducted he. had seen, : and the method of serving up the patients’ meals he: i characterised as demoralising in . the ex treme. In point of fact he considered the ;■ institutions a disgrace to this or any other; land. The places were, on the dates of . his’ : visits, extremely dirty;. and. the patients’ : clothes'torn and neglected, Vthe condition of: the patients being worse , than : that; of • prisoners in gaol. The asylums seem' dis organised, .and the - officers afraid of! the attendants, while the patients. were ; badly classified. . He .. considered’ • that the eomforts of home should be provided: as:. one of the best curative, measures; and great: alterations made in the appliances and con- ; duct of the asylums. The institutions were ■ altogether . behind the age ; and existing knowledge of the treatment of the -insane, and ill-managed throughout, while there was a noted’ lack of direct supervision.- Dr Tucker gave lengthy evidence, but he had' not one good word to say for the institutions, ’ while the board could not but be impressed , with the truth, of many of his assertions. The R.M.S. Paramatta cleared put and sailed to-day, having .a fair passenger list and a treasure shipment of £57,897.-: ■ : . The folio wing horses .are, so far; 7 left in the V.A.T.C. Hurdle ..and Steeplechase; to be run at Caulfield on Saturday:—Hurdle Race ■ —The Agent,- Huntsman, .Sheet, Anchor, Star, Guard fish, Agitation, Happogrilf, Dura tion, Tattler, The Ghost, Carlist,- Raven, Tantalizer, Insolent, Vulcan, Ace, Devizes. Steeplechase—Lizette, Governor,, Wymlet, Granville,; Minerva, Reticent, Sailor, Lady Ashton, Vulcan, Studley, Black Angel. 