Curious Bits about Wedding Bings. Joining the right hands in the wedding ceremony was customary in Assyria and Persia, and the bridal veil was worn in Greece and Rome. The Bible does not mention' wedding rings, but it describes the giving of them as pledges of honour and affection. Pharaoh gave Joseph a ring he set him over the land of Egypt, and the prodigal was given a ring upon his return to his father. ? Legends relate that Joseph espoused Mary with a ring in which was set an amethyst, and of course this precious relic was found (by a miracle) and performed many wonderful cures for the mfinln'nil An/1 flirt fl»AOel1W jvf fllfl fUlll Ueai'UL U1 lllftllMIIUttUU LUC uuaoui^ U1 MAC VUIU^U. The young Roman sent the maiden his family had wgjActefl to become his wife a ring in token of his fielity. Gold was the usual material, but in the time of Pliny iron rings set with adamant were used to denote the durability of the contract. As now, this ring was worn on the fourth finger of the left hand. It was not always plain, but often bore a device as a key to denote the authority and responsi bility of a wife in her husband's house. The diamond was much esteemed as a wedding ring in Italy during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, for that gem was believed to have a mysterious power of maintain ing happiness between husband and wife. Silver rings inlaid with Niello were also used. Gemmed rings were in fashion 40 or .50 years- ago. Two and sometimes three and four delicate rings were hinged or Linked together, and bore upon the top when closed clasped hands or a heart, emblem of love and fidelity. Mottoes or posies were engraved on the inside of these rings. The prettiest one I ever saw read, ' Endless and pure be our love.' The Anglo- Saxons used, these gemmed rings, and they in turn borrowed them of the French. I for one would like to know from whom the French borrowed them, but history is silent on this point. The wedding ring has been worn upon the thumb and upon the right hand. But the women of all nations have been as busy as bees, and with spinning and weaving to occupy their fingers it is easy to see why even a princess shoma put her prized wedding ring upon the hand and the finger which would keep it the safest. The fancy that a vein or nerve runs directly from the fourth finger of the left hand to the heart is very ancient, and no doubt helped to make it the bearer of the wedding ring, and there was in the early days of the Church a curious custom of recog nising the Trinity, by placing the ring on the first finger or thumb for the Father, of the second finger for the Son, and on the third finger for the Holy Ghost. Then it was placed upon the fourth finger, from which loving end superstitious wives have removed it. Scholars are fond of telling us that the wedding ring meant the subjection of the wife, and the placing it upon the left hand meant more subjection. But in the past the subjection of woman has needed no sign to emphasise it. It was an accepted and expected fact, and was perhaps a condition of safety. In the middle ages the wedding ring was blessed or hal lowed by the officiating priest, and the form used seems to me very beautiful : ' Hallow Thou, Lord, this ring, which we bless in Thy holy name, that whatsoever woman shall wear it may stand fast in Thv peace, and continue in'Thy will, and live, and grow, ana wax old in Thy love, and be multiplied with length of days. Through Jesus Christ, our Lord.' The service of the Church of England compels the use of a ring, and an odd story is told of two jumpers, who, too poor to buy a ring, were securely married by means of a curtain ring, supplied by the sympathetic clerk. Two rings are used in modern Greece. A gold one for the bridegroom, and a silver, one for the bride. The inferior metal marks the inferiority of the wife, say the antiquarians again, but it seems to me rather a survival of the old worship of the sun and the moon. The ring fell under the displeasure of the Puritans, as did all signs and symbols used by Rome, and during the Commonwealth they* tried to abolisn it with Christmas and Easter observances, but the descendants of those Puritans wear engagement or betrothal rings, if not a wedding ring. 'When a marriage between patrician families was cele brated in ancient Rome, a loaf of bread, made of wheat and barley, was solemnly tasted by the bride and bride groom before the priest of Jove ana 10 Roman citizens as witnesses. Children of marriage in which the, ceremony was observed were entitled to certain privileges and offices, for this was the highest and most sacred rite of maniags. Dainty and sweet as it is, the bridecake is th$ modem re presantative of that wheat and barley bread. Whence the Romans derived the custom is not known, but it came no -3oubt from Asia. Dreaming upon wedding eake is an old' JjJnglish custom. In Greece, the bride rode to her husband's house in a litter, seated between the bridegroom and his friend — the best man. In Rome two boys led the bride, but her attendant was a married woman whose duty it was to lead the newly married pair to the altar of the family gods* In the time of the Anglo-Saxons the bride was led by a matron, and followed by a company of young girls, who were called the bridesmaids. From them the custom has descended to us. 