FACETIdAi. FhAD)QtUAJLTEita.- A pillow. COistON Ctarriers.-Gossipers. 'TuIt Stamp Act.-A clog dance. CATs always travel inl purr-cessions, CoLD Steal.-- lloolring a lump of ice, " S'tpAnt" .Ioomr.--The bowling alley. AlRnmRAl is no uneven game, It is a tie. A PLst'r-r rruc.-" My (;i atlfather's C'lock." E',CcILINrT \\\'ash for the ,ace.--W. ater. (iAjtSi"oti should wear their hair in rowlocks. SArIvrt'lc itt Last.-- A contenlterd bhoealllalelr. I'mzc-t filt'IrtIN chosw uath other Illrlke:d atttention. '1'],t ally, unliho man, is imout cheerful whent the bluest. STIAn aNIIc, but they don't reap the ice harvest with icicles. A Ine:: begins to pay interest when sho gets her coulp on. WANTn'?-t-A lifeboat that will h!uat on a " sea of troubles." A osoo way to curb a wild young tman in to bridal hin. W; V'tMN a man's spirits flag, Ihe should lean upon a ttihgstallf. A nIlcsTAUtANiTrn annollllunce " eightlleen carrot vegetable soup." '1, 'ninm is no poetry in the light fantasntio too that wears a corn. \WVCATslllI, ought to be a femiinine noun-so variable, you litow. Foo'r Notes.---Dancing ntiulic. CGnOUND .lents.-T''ho cloect of an earthquake. FAst Young Men's Nlotto.-.lli,,t and drink. W'iATr plaything is above every other '-Tho top. W\\\IirrI of the reptiles is a mathematician ? The adder. Jr is said that ant Indian often mtakes an arrow escape. 'TIFei common railroad gauge now-a-days is the mortgage. hI. twenty grains mnako a scruple, how many will make a doubt? MlhlentR loves company, and io iloes a mnarriage able youlng lady. WaiY is a doll lilk jelly ?--Hcvatsoo it is made with eyes in glass. Wnt: is a literary work lilke nsoke ?--When It comes in vol!umes. Tnwi. only pain that hunman beings mtake light of is the window pane. Soinc men's minds are so badly tumbled, that they can't be mIadie li. IHow often do we find that a man's better-half gives him i o quarter ? Wa'?i are young ladics given to blushing P- Ilecause it's a bo,iw ,' . \Wry is a partner in a firas like a piloughmln n P -ieeause the is a sharehohler. AVry in a ship like a watchP--JBecause the hands ill tihe top are often con'ulted. Wion is the ganmut like a gathling saloon P \--Ilcateno its full of sbrrefy aind lts. WVtI?n does an 1,. ('. display moot physioal strength?--When ho mnowe the hoesy. TI' a pornson will talfo snuff, what is the best that iho can take?--A tand i of tihe morning air. \' t vs is a weatheorcok litkoaloafer -13oecause he is costatntly going rou nl, doing nothing. VrrniT' was the firals thing which Adam placed intlthe Garden of Eden ? --Ilia foot, of course. 'WIHE.N does a nialn contrive to liovo in a very small space P.--Vhcn le comes dtlvustiaira in his alippers. Wal' mny ana "nbafluatulating '"racnal be said to be a sun of intlegrity ?--lecaue heI it a eon t s (an honeat) nlal. " HAlvE you much fish in your basket P" asked a man of a boy.--'" Yes, thereo' a good eel in it,' was the rathl r slipplery reply. N\\\'r1 in a young lady who deserts a dandy admirer -like a largo steamer enterinug a river P--lBo caMti she leiavce a iswelt. So far as is known, up to thi ditto, no class of ser erver mrade so malely falso predictions as the finall ciers of the present day Ihave matte. W'ury in a fine woman like a locoImoCtive I lieeaous sle draws a traif after her, scatters the spartks, nld transitporta the Ileasl,. \VWitirr in a lady's dtresv like an unfortunate bull fighter ?--When it, is goteed. And when is it like the sails of at ship? IWhen it is trinmmed. \VtIAT is that word in ;the English lanl guago, of one syllable, which if two letters be taken front it, becomeit n word of two Syllabi on ?-Plalgueo. A anARRISTERnl it a cour t of juotice, oxanrining a feialattt witeues, eaidf "iFacts ire stubborn thilngs.:' WiItness: "t Ye, sir, aed no :are iwonlet aind if you get anything out of me, jus let lt me klnow it." Barrister : " You'll be coammitted for comtempit." Witness : " Very well, I'll stffer ju'tly; for Itfeel the utmost contelpt for overy lawycer present." I ()In day, t'Talloyrand and TA. do Narbonno, Vwho was Onllthtliltg int amust?rdug, -were driviing together on the uPout, Ne if, Paris, and f. de Norbonne was iparti cularly tediton, aid tiresomee in relating some incident. Suddtenly th ,a sw ai mnan who waoS walking along yawn violently, upont w icl Talle''yrand said to his companion, "Don't spe?t k so loud ; they sica hear you," AN onttrprisingt-lookijng countryman with a creel of line trout was staunditg iln the doorway of a pro vincial railv'moy station. A itienger accorited hlim, and, after admilrung thle liuh, retiarked: "Going' to take themi Ihoti for natlpper, I suppo3se " " Not if l can hIelp it," said the f ustic. "There be a party of city gents as went a-llilfhig froml litre this fmornin'. They'll he nback oo011, and, I'li jlust waitin' here to iave their feelin'i." AN amusing story of fominino curiosity is going the roautd in Parls just.'now. A lady of rank, who itSenllh admired a well-know io actor, waes fired withi a desiro to verity the staitmeunt of her trietlnd that these 'inspired sotul wer fret frecontly stulfid clotds in privrtto life. Ileing of an adventurous spirit, she digpiiasel herself as ia fvintie de chambrtna, and gained tcc.rius to hlis dressing-reoon at Ilthe theatre aredno with an eurganlotn bolltquet, whioll she a soerted ihe was conlsis nirnetl to deliver. Shelo found t ie object of her curionity ollluritng the tortures of tying w.ith tatesre is wlit hite tie, tv]yillo "f lf:lre," sIlinumeroaus aA tItose of Iteat .lrnummnell, A~triewed the floor. idtding the ,trembling fatly to plaoe I?ir bouquet on the table, hie reifaouted her to nnitst lint ifth 'lltis tie ainfd wheu thei huaitneti was .achieved, Iho rewarded tle tuipposed dimfnettio with a ldtis on each cheel. Wd ild with anger 'at the audacity and at theo delseoness of the man in not, recognising her superiority to her diagnise, the lady u roto to the actor t reproanildg/ him s a i dolt for Iin ,tupi'dtity. The actor i rlied inh a few werds to thi feton t: "'bdluamnei 1 lItve Ihardly piroveld taJelf so stupifl ?s you aiter, cltltsidle itlg tllhat I liave nalliteved whati. m~y ilen who woulitb hi valucl it irnch mtore than I ioate hIitherto failell to dio." Ir io told of tbe la?;o Lord Lytton tb ht whilht ia boy ait school ihe pined muclh for home. t t IlasItl, hisl holoe steaillrts tieeotl o to tappareuLt to the gtiod ichool ntletres (whlo wasr in cotoie way reltted to tlso mister, butwat t not his wlife), that, sohe Cent for lhhi, and t no coated his willt greait liindness. "My tlear," :ild alo, " lifo consists of ipeqotual sepirationt froti those we love. You plus for your molther. But yote wi noon seo her aganl. Thllti i nu lrth halrder i, my falte than yours. I have lost a IelovedIhiustbandl . to dia l d. I shalln never ore Iltm tgain. (at, you see, I am reigned and comfortablo." "ltow lonaig tgo is it sinloe you last satv leim, m'anl t ' saidt Lyttotlon. t More thlla twenty year," salid the Iltdy. " Thait is a very long time," s?idd the boy, thoughttully, "and wheon I lavme beeo tiventy years at sollool I dare say I hlll feel as resignetli atd oomlfortublo as you tdo ait the loss of your lhus baond." Thie good ladly tnever attcempted tlo comfl'ortl him ogaln. ]D)I you over know a man who did'n't think hio coult poke the fire better thun you couhld? DIid you ver kInow an abtnlr, or Ia railvay porter who tlhat chlingo anbout llinl ? Did yeou ever know n red-lai:ed wolUnil clwho had a clear iotion where alabutn began told scarlet otndod? Did you over isow a tentinel who could tell what blulldiogl hle was hteepitn?, guard over ? Dlid you over know a journalist who eeoatn't underpaid tand over worked by Ils proprietors, tor an author who hSd niot beeon ill-used by his ipullither? I)lld you ov r ulow a non-hetthilg itan wo woauld not havo baclrle overy wintier if hle Ild bet at all? Did you over know a sportslnan thrown out of ht run wlho hlad not mnolet with soate exceptional piece of ill-lucl? WViVY in a lawyer liro a crawycer P----Bccunc, whleolluver waty ioe mtoves, down mustet come thle dntt. WIIAr sonug do tbo hons sing aftoer one has drocpped n egg -F -Why, aiit htnd-de-ta/, of coutrs. A anl:tsatr once chanced to hear, unporeooivetd, a liere vertbal ohslaught by one market WomOan cut anotlher in thoe coure of whflch every efll'ort of rhetorio wisn nlaloh to provoke retnlintilellt, but without efll'ot. "G o on- go ot," at Istt sair thle limntrot attacked: "yin know FII tlot aus\ter ye, be?enllnol I've been to confeslSon thils nlornlling, and 1'm li a stateI of grace. ,bttt ait till A 'et out ef it!" " So you always nmanago to put np 'ith your Tartar or it wifet" " Oh, yoes! \O have lots of funi together." "llow is lthat ?" " \Weoll, you see, my wife, cvwhen etc gets Ilto a ipauslon, is in the habit mff tllhrowlg att Ile atiyll lllg tlhat comte inm her vy, Ev?alty tino she hitt me, aht is please?d, anl overy time ssho mlses, I sn pleascd: andl thus wc are nefoershort of anmunatmont.a". A. SOLEMN-LOOKINoG Ian recently wamllrod intO tile office of an American newspaper and handed a paper over to the advertisang clerk and uid : " I will pay your top advertising irats to lave that printed in your ' Answers to Carresploudeata colunl every other week during tile nultler." The item read: " Amateur Sailor-- The quickest wary to hale out a boat, while Bail ing, is to pull ouat the plugiu the batlom." "I''m afraid w:e can't do it," said the clerk regret fully, upon whlich the solemlll praIly folded alp the pa:per :;nd walked out with a dte1, tsigi. " Who is that? " asked the editor, leokig till. " It' th It' new C eroner." " lit: was the mnoot, perfect gentlemaan over rawt," ?i:d a K(liturl:iaea of Hery Clay. " Whhen you went to e : him, he hanlded you tlhewhlicy bottle, and then tnrned his back." .Joste h1lLI.lIN( hln this playful application of See-esaw '" " I yaw a blind wood?lawer. While none cvcr ,taC' hinlt e, toltinld helave eOnI 1lia Bsaw." " Too much absorbed in his business " wan thbo COImeIIInt of a Western newap:per on ttil deatih of a brewer whrlo w:an founld drownedtll ill tanklll of li00 own beer. AN lOhio farmer put 1l00 doln. into an old ton pot to keep. it ftom 0 thieve, and thie very next dsay his wife taded it with a tin-pedlar for i cake-ciutter. T'ihe (u111t woen't re;ttle ill that house for tarOnty years to conme. hlit. T?irlmototit IDAV\iS, artist, who designed the exquisite china for the IWhitte Ioasee during the lltveio Adtnilnistration, liver at Asbhuy-park, N.J., and works in his wonderft l little studio, far front ItiheO ndding crowdI . Otn eE a(t early noirniltg, ill ininllistlive visitor appeared. She looked straight at tie model stocupant, wlit appleared to tLe engaged. in tihat pro0sai performance known a1 1 " setting tIItngs to right." "Sto,"'aid this bold interlocutor, " thils is Mr. Davis' t.lio?" "Yes, na':nil,"' eiy eehlnely. " I hlie it ?" " No, ma'am, not ait present," with that ready adroitoeos for mental sorter ultsll that. tioe exigeties of lhe period teemS to require. " When will he he in ?" "I should say, ma'nm in about two hotlr." '1 \'ell, 'youngll nnt,aud wlhat do you 11fd? " I rweep out and clean up." " Ai, yes; I'll call again." And h dllwent out, leaving the dlelightedc war correspondent sup(t ot ing himiself and till hils laurels oln, both in peace and war, in literature and art, in calt co lplaceley uipon tIle hlntdle of his broom. A.Ia "you to take astronomllly 1nest term, Elise ?" inluirldt a classmate of her young friend. " lHardly. But Augustus is giving mte splelndid astrontlo mlical leseon,, during the vacation." " Isn't that nice? Ilans lie text bool and an atlas?" " iOh, Louise, lily dear. lIe says I'm all tie world to hin, and when I lean my head on tie shoulder lie is nmy Attina." 'I']1 very gallant Senator (Grady and the silver-tongned lEcleosinttoe were gettingl off a train at at New York elevated station when :he formler noticed a bloominttg and rosy- cheeled girl behind himt on the plat form. " Sihall I lot help you to alight?" he asked, ex tendlig his lumpll hand ran lifting the straw hat that coveredl his ambrosial enrlo. ' Thank you very much," replied the pretty diltel, with a ravithing lsmile, "but I don't mIlOlle. ISensation among tlhe pauseng'don, and 'lie eniator aghalt. TillP I1Vg] A.M. IIOMANC,. Young Bariiahy stoand by the huigo hay mow, With fear in lhis heart alnd hope on his brow, And gazed at lia Sarah Ann, Till sile finished mlilking the brindle cow, And had lilled the bright tin can. They sat iln the shade of tile shelit old, While the sun the hills was adorning, Turning thle glittering dew into gold; And tmhe olld, old tory he softly told, At five o'clock in the morning. 0, sweet was the scent of thegam-lit grass! Antl love's young dream to tlhat lad andt lass Was clear as their lopel of bliss; But their joy was turned to sorrow, alns I At the sound of their first fond kiss, It scared tIhe cow whlo was chewing her cud, The lovers silently scorning Then her Lorns were heavy with ruby blood, As Barnaby fell with at " sickening thud," At five o'clock in tile morning. Lot laddies boware of tihe brindle cow, When they woo their lassies beneath the mow; Like the silentt hand of fateO Slle will lift tllelm aloft with a courtly bow, Clear over the Iarnarnyard gate. Let lovero avoid the dew on the lea, And from this sal case takle warning: Barnaby ne'er had been tossed like a lien, If he'd been abetd, where all ought to be, At live o'clock in the morning. HIa arrived homo from Europe a day or two ago. Ilo hadn't the least idea that anlly one would turn out to welcome him, and hlis snrpriso can therefore be imagined wheln he reached the central depit to hear'a hurrlah and to ceC thirty or forty dilferent pcrsons press ing forward to shake hands. " My dear follow-towns men, I-- ---,r lie beganll i 110 reouoved IllU hat, but lhe suddenly restored it to his lhead and made a rush for the door. They were all bill colleolors. " IIAvO' you got any four-o'clocks in your flower-garden ?" asked one Somervillo gentleman of another. I" Four-.o locks," wa0 thli reply; " no, air, tlhero is no four-o'clock about mline ; it is all day with my flowers ; thie hens Ilhave been at 'em." Sllo' INow off: Two women wore recently secil pricing gingham in a shop. One remarked to the other on the label to tlhe goodo: "Sea tihe American eagle and the motto ]L pluribui unim-- that's thelFrenoh for ' In time of pence prepare for swar.'" "SunN) anything to this ollice in payment for ulbscrilptions, potato, cord-woodt, string bealls, rags, old iron, anything, only send it," wails al impelcunious country editor, and then addstl, " not necessarily for pullicalion, but as a guarantico of good faith." " Doas a goose lay eggs ?" inquired Rollo, one brisk morilng iti breezy March. And ]tollo's fatller, sitting bhclinl the stove, eating quinine with a spoon, and trying to shake Ihis wholhe okeleton out of his pockets, mnade reply : " Yes, ly non, gueo clays oeverything. It has slain your fathellr." ". IAltn ," said his "wife sharply, "that man you Ilired last week is dolwnl with tlhe lock-jaw. Now I want to know if thait's anythlig kOletchen ?" And Jabet lookeld at her with tears in h Ills eye and lid. in monrnlul tonles: "1 O, no. No. No. Alas, no, taint ketchin." And h1e says, although hlle won't believe it, that heo doeslnt knowe wllat mado lher oo oulrageously lmad about it. T'Iui American young lady ainger wont to Eurolpe bearing the name of lMary Ann Itoggs, and her cognlomen is now Aiso Nilna Lafontt. Effect of the sea air, you know. AND still another Now York millionaire hba put lhi son into buninies. It happened only the other day. 1le gave the young man SH000 and told 111111 to go out upon tile street and speculate. Two houra later the son cam back anlld said : " ather, is la prolit of 52000 on mty capital a fair send-off ? "" "I should say no ! Hon did you lnmo it?" " Bought a horao." "A horao?" " Just so. I've bought a hIorse for 45000, which tlhe owner has all along beeln asking 57000 for, and if you've ally nlioro loose oihango T know whlere I can pick up a tally-lho! coachl for half whlat it cost a year ago." The oldl gentleman lidnitl't seemi to ave anlly more. T'rne maddoest man in thie United States is isupposted to Ie thile one 0who, hlaving voted and paid taxes in Norwichl, Conn., for forty years, recently discovered tllhat his recsitelolca is ountoido tIll city bounds, andI oa applying to the authorities to pay him back his tax nntmony wasn tol that" the exercise of tli eleolire fran chisle itl mlllunicipnl pIolitics, which lo hladl enjoyed, was a full oequivalect for his municipal htixeso" It won't do for alnybody to ay " municipalll " to that nlll about thlese ilays. " WHAT do thoese nean P" asked a countryman of his city couin, tile other day, pointing to tho tllree goldoen balls obefore a pawonbroker'n shop, '"Indlanu," wo tlhm reply. "Indians?" oxclimed tilo countryman. Y Yes-Ptawn.eos." " DOO'v talk to me about beginning at the bottom of tile laidder i" obterved the " cruslled " actor to a brotlher professional recently. " Don't talk to me about beginning at thi bottom of thIe ladder. I began there tea years lgo, and1 I'm tllere still, If it was to do over agilu I'd biegin at the top. It's much eaasier to fall dlownl than to climb iup." 'I\wo boys meot in front of a Now York ollioo. 'The youngest of le two sainll: " H11ello, Trom. Are you working ?" " Yea," Tom repliedtl. "I'm working aroundtl inl Splrncc-trct, feeding a Itress." " Feedinig i press ?" repleated tile ilnquirer. " Whly, you overgrown 'rTrlr, you're not able to feed yourself, let alone Ia press." iFAsILY eonflloiO -AnI old darhoyv wan endona vounrilg to expltln lis ullnfortunate condtillion. " You ee,' resrkled hlie, " it was ill din way', as tir as I can remember. F'lst, ?liy fladder diedl, dnc my nlullm]er rrId ng l ad mll ty mtldder died, 1den Ily lfadder niarrie1 mgiu; aind ootleonw I idoesn't neen to Ilave no parets at all, nor no honoe, nor nuflin." A noon many people were recently doludo? into gointo oillnto an apotlleeary's 0hop in a villinge on Oli Iludlsot, to cee a red bat whll lail Iloll captured, and was onoxhlibition. Tlley saw It, snd it was red, asno a brieckbat nIAially is. A N?orano planter in Louininna recently gave it ns hli opinion, "Dat some ob do whllte folks is a dlvidil' diare planttalloen ip a deal too nnmall, dero beln' a gIood many in do State now1 dat are not bigger dan Rhlodo landl." "You oaid the ghost opol to yon," oanrled a Inwyer at a witness; "well, wshat dlid It nv?" "I couldn't rndlrtalnrl wlhat it aohd.l " W.liy not?" " Ilecoalso I'm not ftmiliar with ilny of thle dead lan gonrgea." A SYIAcusO man has a hat mandl of t1 bast utraw whlioh broke the aneoi's back, .. 