Methodist Free Church. Tub ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the additions to the United Methodist Free Church, in Ann street, toekplaoe Thurs day afternoon in the presence of a large gathering of the members of the church, and a good number of friends belonging to kindrsd denominations. The proceedings oommencea witn tne sing ing of a hymn, and then Mr. Melrose offered up a brief prayer. After this had concluded, the Eev. W. O. Lilley read letters whioh he had received from the Bev. Messrs. Foole, and M'Onllooh, and Messrs. W. H. Bogcrs, E. J. Rodd, and others, expressive of regret at their unavoidable absence from various causes, and of encouragement to the church in the work it had undertaken. Mr. Lilley said that owing to the fact that he was the only minister of his denomination in Brisbane it had been impossible for him to invite others of the same ohurch to be present on this occasion. The nearest minister of his ohuroh lived in Sydney, and the expense and inconvenience attaohed to bringing that minis ter here had compelled him to relinquish any idea he had entertained of doing so. Before proceeding further with the ceremonies to be performed that afternoon he would like to give them some outline of the polity and dootrines of the Free United Methodist Church. As they all knew it was one of the first and most important fit the secessions from the Wesleyan Churoh. About 40 or 50 years ago a very strong protest was lodged against what was regarded as the despotic and tyrannical bearing of that ohuroh. As they were aware, the 'Legal Hundred' hid absolute power in the ohurch to conduct its business, and even to veto that done by the representatives of the laity ; they had complete control over cirouits, and even some of that spirit remained in force until the present day. The immediate cause of the secession he was alluding to was the difficulty whioh arose in 1827 in connection with an organ for tho churoh at Leeds. Before that timo, although Wesley had countenanced the use of a base violin iu order to assist the leader of the choir, no music had been permitted in the churches, and now many expressed their anxiety to enjoy that adjunot. The churoh authorities objected, and the matter was referred from them to the dia triot meeting, and from that tribunal, which sided with the ministers, to the conferenee, when again the decision was against the re formers. The organ was eventually placed in the loft, but that step occasioned the secession of nearly 1,000 members of the ohurch. The subsequent revolution of 1849 was then briefly touched upon, when there was a further seces sion of something like 80,000 members, and the speaker said tho body now known as the United Churoh of Free Methodists was estab lished. That body now comprised about 80,000 members. There were 400 ministers and a very large number of Sunday schools, and was marked especially by tho fact that they governed themselves solely without ex traneous aid, believing fully in self-government. After describing the dootrinea of the ohuroh, whioh included belief in God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, a triune God, the immortality of tho bouI, and the atonement for sins by Jesus Christ, the rev. gentleman directed attention to the work they had undertak«n in connection with their new building. It was desired to add' a portion about 38 feet square, thus affording accom modation for 600 in all, and whioh would also allow of the construction of two vestries and a large schoolroom, beneath for the ohildren. The cost of this now building was estimated to be £900 towards whioh sum they had already about £400, leav ing £500 yet remaining to be collected. He hoped to see something subscribed to-day whioh would tend to oonBiderably reduce tho debt they were inourring in making their ohurch— their ohurch for purely Christian worship— worthy of the purposes to whioh it was to be put. After a few fuither remorse, he said that Hr. Jordan had a few words to say before the foundation stone was laid. Mr H. Jokdut said that about five years »go he had been earnestly solicited to lay tho foundation-stone of the preiont Methodist Church, but had deoUned that honour, booaueo he thought it of right belonged to Bomoone more immediately interested in the ohuroh than hewatatthat time. Subsequently, howevor, snoh representations were made to him that ho would not think' for a moment of refusing to aooede to the wuheB expressed He was glad to «ee that the ohuroh had progressed fo' well-»nd its memberi increased so largely that it had been found neoessary to effect these very oon siderable alterations and additions. He hnrl been muoh pleased with what Mr. Lilley had said regarding the doctrines of the ohuroh, for th«y agreed with his own impressions and conclusions. He believed ima -ree ohuroh and in the broad oatholicity of religion. It was not to be expected that all men should think alike, and an observance of naturo showed that of the leaves of the; trees and the various in»eoti and forms of animal life no two woto created exaotly alike,.; and-, a similar law prevailed in regard, to the mindi..f mon.no two oould perfectly .agree, ond. as be h«d onco pointed out to a friend of his who lml dis agreed with him on Home religious matlor, yet they would meet in the tuma:hei»vtn in ^ilo of those differenow, because they endorsed the tame fundamental - bolief hi God and Juws Christ (He»r, boat.) ??:?}. ? He then laid onaof thfl foundation stones with the nnol oor»n»ony, and,Hi«s H. CaiTOMO laid a second, undor whioh ttob deposited a jar con taining a paper with tho names of tho minister of tho ohuroh and tho stewards, a memorandum of tho alterations, and oopios of the Brisbane nowBpapors of that day's date. To both Mr. Jordan andMiss Carvosso wan presented a hund some silver trowel and blaokwood mallot. A oolleotion iras then made, about £'.'- boing sub scribed, and tho proceedings soon afterwards tormimted. In tho ovoning a tea and publio mcoting tor/k place in tho church, and addresses wero do livorod by tho Eov. W. O. Lilloy, and Messrs. Wileman, Melroso, and others. Tho attend ance numbered about 150. 