BLACKALL. [FROM OUR OWN 0OKRK8P0NDKNT.J August 7. I AUgUST I THE weather we are experiencing now is very enjoyable, albeit the rain promised last week has not yet been sent us. Fine cool mornings and evenings, just warm enough to make fires unnecessary, and beautifully warm at midday, is our weather report in a nutshell, People are commencing to inquire anxiously, " When is it going to rain?" The plains around, the town have a very bare and brown appearance, and the water supply would be improved if some fresh water was mixed with it. warriors who arrived this week from the railway report the Pine Hill road to be still in fair travelable order, the two necessaries grass and water being pretty good. A fair amount of traffic passed through this week both from the cast and west, the wool being chiefly from Malvern. About six loads of timber also passed out west, and indicate that building operations are going on somewhere. It is very satisfactory for us that carriage remains between £6 and £8 per ton. I believe Pine Hill is still the favourite starting place for corridors, although Jericho has. done a little in this way. The reserve has been visited and used by a few lots of strange stock this week, comprising, on 2nd August, 250 fat bullocks from Messrs. Cameron and Tolson's Uanda station, near Muttaburra, bound for Brisbane market, in charge of Mr. Donnolly, On the 4th 4960 owes, the property of Mr. A. J. Doyle, from Tyson roll, and bound for the Thompson, in charge of Mr. W. J. Phillips. On the same date a. mob of thirty-four horses passed from Mr A. B. Jones's Nive Junction station, bound for Evers, in charge of Mr. W. Langdon. Some time ago the Kargoolnah Divisional Board invited tenders for erecting a bridge over Hope Creek where it was very badly needed. Two tenders were sent in, one offer- ing to do the work for about 250, and the other tenderer about £120. The lowest tender was accepted, and the bridge constructed. All this is preliminary to saying that one of the Malvern wool teams went through it this week, according to report, the driver having a narrow escape from losing his life and two of his horses. There is plenty of life and vigour in the Barcoo Lodge of Oddfellows, and the business report for the past half-year shows that very satisfactory progress was made in that period, and there is no sign that the society is going to die off like the general run of establishments in Blackall. There are now forty- one full benefit members on the books, and several honorary members. The receipts for the half year amounted to £120 7s. 8d.. and the expenditure to £87 11s. 8d., the lodge having a credit balance in the National and Savings banks of £10 14s. 11d. After a brief and struggling existence of only three months the Blackall School of Arts, or reading-room rather, that was going to be so useful and well supported, quietly gave up the ghost, and one more dead institution has to be added to the already long list. The proprietor is said to be considerably out of pocket by his venture, and I was told the room was not supported liberally enough to pay for kerosine for lighting. It will be some considerable time before we hear anything more about a School of Arts for Blackall, I believe people in these western cities are too unsettled to support a School of Arts. They seem to prefer to stroll about, visiting the billiard rooms, &c;, and cannot stay In one place long enough to have a game at cards (without gambling) and a read of the newspapers. An experiment in forming is being made on a large scale about four miles from town, on a selection owned by Messrs. Banks Bros., and which they have called Warrnambool Farm. A large piece of ground has been planted with potatoes, and maize and oats have alsowceived a large amount of attention. The crisis matters are very sanguine that they will make a profit for their trouble, and point to the fact that the ground ploughed up to a depth of 6in., although no rain has fallen for six or eight weeks in any large quantities, was very moist. An irrigation scheme has been built up by the Messrs. Banks, and a large tank is under construction to supply water in dry seasons. It will, be a good thing for the town if farming on the Barcoo can be made anything but a dream and we are to got our branch railway if we can get a farming population. , 