Balls and Entertainments. RETURN BAET, TO THE MAYOR AND MAYORESS OE PitAtmAN.—-The "return ball" givon to tho Mayor and Mnyoross of Prahran (Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Taylor), oh "Wednesday evening, at tho local Town Hall, .was a succoss In every particular. About four hundred cotiplos woro prosont, . and all wore unani mous In their admiration of tho tasteful and artistic docoratlons. A very pleasant, broak in tho ovonlng was mado at ton o'clock, when Mr. Gooch, on bohalf of the councillors, presented ( to tho Mayor a handsomoly illuminatod address, and to tho Mayoress a mngniflconb bracelet, Tho gifts wore suitably acknowledged by the Mayor. Dancing was not con fined to the main hall, but-was indulged In in the library upstah's, an electric boll being used from one hall'to tho other in order to time tho two orehosti'as. Tho-band was under the baton of Mr. Boom, and on livened: the assemblage ■ with airs from the latest operas.;; Shortly aftor nine o'clock, tho first sot was formed, and consisted of:—Dr. Fetherston and Mrs. Graham Berry, Mr. M. H. Davis and Mrs. Dixon, Mr. Hayter, C.M.G., and Mrs. Fetherston, Mr. G. W. Taylor (Mayor of Prahran) and Mrs. Gooch, Mr. Pyman, and Mrs. Willis, Mr. Willis and the Mayoress, Mr. M. H. Gooch and Mrs. Hayter. Amongst the guests we noticed:- Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbon (Town Clerk of Melbourne), Dr. Brownless (Vice-Chancellor of tho University, who looked very distinguished, decorated as ho was with tho various, orders and insignia of tho church to which ho belongs), Mr. G. D. Carter (Mayor of Mel bourne), Mr. H. H. Hayter, C.M.G., Major Templeton (in uniform), Councillor Forbes of Prahran, and Dr. Fetherston. Tho programme was well arranged, the floor was porfoct, and dancing was continued with spirit until early the next morning. The following is a'description of some of the principal dresses Mrs. Gooch wore a black satin broche trimmed with black lace with white chrysanthemums. Mrs. R. Dawson wore a pink satin dress and coffee coloured lace l and, diamond ornaments. Mrs. H. H. Hayter wore an.olectric green satin trimmed with Maltese lace and cardinal rosettes, with diamond orna ments and Marie Stuart .cap. Miss Crawford, black satin trimmed with lace and red roses, beautiful hand painted fan. Mrs. C. N. Gibson wore an ivory white silk dross trimmed with Maltose lace. Miss R. Keesing, cream velvet bodice faced with satin, and a skirt composed of coffee coloured lace, poppies being worn in tho hair. Miss Minty Henningham wore a pretty white corded silk dross trimmed with blush roses and pearl passqmontorie. Miss Young wore a very handsome dross of daffodil satin trimmed with chenille spotted tulle and lace to match, with pearls. Miss Elliot, a very pretty navy bluo volvotba trimmed with silver laoo. Miss Constance Rosenthal woro a magnificent dross of ombroldorod roue pink satin, and on huv nook ft tandsomo oot'ivl necklet. Tjiio Sqvonth Auiuiftl Socilivl In aonnoatlon with tho Toorak Philharmonic Society, took place on Friday evening [ftsb, Inst., In, tho Prahran Town Hall, and was tho .most HtioooHaful ono thftt iiftM ypt boon hold, thoro bolngaboub two iumdrod ladies and gantlomqn present, poinding tho Mayor and Mayoress of Prahran (Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Taylor). The ballroom was handsomely loooratod with flags, ovorgraons, and laoo curtains, jl'ho music was provided by Mr. James Ure, musical dlrootor ol tho Sooloby, A word oil pralso Is duo to Messrs. J. W. Dunlop and F. A. Dixon for the oxoollont arrangomonts mado for tho comfort of tho visitors, and jtholr good judgmont In providing othor amusomonts for those who did not euro to danoo j aitogothor, It was ono. of tho most onjoyablo affairs tho Sooloby has had for pomo tlmo past. Tho following aro tlio nivmos of tiib ladieswho appeared in the most noticeable costumes:- The Mayoress (Mrs G. W. Taylor) woro a rich dross of. blaok silk and laao, with boad trimming and oroarh ribbons and gold ornaments, whioh was muoh admired. Mrs. Jas. Ure, groon volvot bodloo .and silk skirt, aoyorod, with Spanish, laoo—yory protty. Miss Cook looked perfection In white nun's voiling and edelweiss laoo and gold ornaments, Miss McFarland, palo bluo figured silk and oashraoro, Miss J. McFarland, pink nun's rolling and wlvito laoo. Miss E. Weavers, whjto satin trlmmocl with poachy yqlyot, and ohonlllo clraporlos—vory pica, Miss A. Weavers, (iwhlto satin, jtrlmmod with poaqhy volvot and .natural, (lowora and gold ornaments—ono of tho prettiest drosses In tho room. Mrs. Curtis woro n boootnlng dross of brown jvolvot and silk, trlmmocl with laoo and foathors, Miss Stevens, whjto satin and spottod tulle. Miss Hickling, jblaok broclid, and laoo—vory nloo. Miss Drew woro a ,vory protty dross of palo bluo .oordod silk, trlmmod with oroam laoo draporlos j and Miss A. Drew was soon to advantago In pink oordod silk and madras muslin. Miss Mackay's , dross of pink brocaded silk trlmmod with gold spangled not rvas much admired. Miss A. Bruce, proam satin trlmmod with crimson pompons and croam laoo ; very neat. Miss Lay, rloh, black brocho. Miss Cowper, whlto satin and oaslimoro, trlmmod with swansdown. Miss N. Cowper, bluo brocaded silk and nun's veiling. Miss Davidson looked woll In pink .satin bodloo and croam cashmoro skirt, nicely trlmmod with laoo and fipwors. Miss Maguire, cardinal satin body and bluo oashmoro skirt (trlmmod with, swansdown. Tho Misses Dunlops woro tastofully attirod In palo bluo brocadod brooho bodloo, !with orontn laoo skirt drapod with same, which woro :much admired. Mrs. Towns .woro.. a protty dross of croam satin and crimson, plush,. Miss Wilmot, pink and white satin body with cream nun's veiling skirt. Miss Spottiswood, bluo brocadod silk and spottod oheuillo. Miss Casper, pink satin and croam laoo. Miss Dudley, pink figured broche and tulio. Miss Grey, black granadino 'with black jot and laco draperies, looked . exceedingly nice. Miss Anderson wore a black dross, nicely relieved with cream satin. Miss Clark, white tarlton trimmed with natural ivy leaves, Miss Davis, whitei figured silk trimmed with tulle and lilies of the valley; a very handsomo costume. Miss Chester, white satin and tulle. Miss Dance, pink cashmere and spotted chenille. Miss Vail wore a pretty dross of canary satin with trimmings of whito lace and flowers, Miss Collins, white satin and nun's veiling. Miss Robins (of Carlton) wore a noat costume of palo blue broeho and nun's veiling, trimmed with lace and foathora, and gold orna ments. Miss Guy, black grenadine with blue feather trimming and silvor ornaments. The lady who wore the clress of whito satin and Madras muslin, trimmed with old gold ribbons, lookod very handsomo; also the lady who appeared in pale blue satin and silk, trimmed with laoo and feathers. Miss Crawford wove a soft dross of black grenadine and satin trimmings. Miss Gordon, croam satin with pansios worked on, which lookod pretty. Miss Holland, cardinal satin body and cream nun's vailing, skirt trimmed with pearls and silvor ornaments. Miss Alexander, pink nun's veiling, trimmed with lace aiid jet ornaments. Miss Elliott, black silk velvet and silver lace. Another very pretty di'oHM wna worn by nyoung lady I'l'tnn Tuatnmilu, i pound or wlilto hhI.Iii, liandaomoly trimmed with j oud gold ornaments. j Tllia'CJAIU/l'ON PHTVA'PIO AHSMMIJUKH hold the |„( night' of tholr first soi'loa on Wednesday, tho 22nd I mi iti UiO 'iMonohOHtov Unity Hiill, and .-It wiiH ihu!tolj largely iftttondod of tho season, Amongst tho m,,, noitoonblo dvoHHoa wovo thoao worn by thu foHOW|r ladles,1 whloh wuro nittoh ndnilvod t-^MIas Me|,e„,| pnlo pink trimmed with oronm lnao and poiuU j V(!tJ hnnduonio, Miss Mlggina. groom antln, rlolily tvlinincil with fnwn lnoo. Mlaa Wtilkorp wlilto muslin skin (wltli mnroon abet nilk bodloo p. a-mont costume. j||« Cornwall wora iv protty itlrosa oC ruby stithi, trimmed with oronm lnoo ntul flowers aml . fnn. to umtoh, j||„ jWnlton, pnlo bluoi bvoohoj! uMIhs! MoKnlglit, otenm lnoo ruby volvob nnd hUvov llowora. Mlaa Clndiek, 'pink nun's veiling nnd ruby * plush trim mod with law hud pearls;. Miss'iMaOutahntv,.looked porfoolhm h, pink nnd wlilto,. with - trimmings ' of oronm lnou nml 'ftowora, with fan to'mntoh. Mlaabbthorlughiun, ci-enm bnahmoro nnd' broobo-; trimmod' with antln nnd .silver ovnnmonta, Mlaa Boaaltoiy pink nun's veiling nudcoffee lnooi Mlaa HlU dookod vory woll> In black silk, richly trimmed.>with' antln nnd lnoo,; and, gold orimmeiik Mlaa Ourroiy blnok lnao -skirt and , sntln IkkIIci trimmed with lnaomnd -flowora. i Mlaa II, Ourror,bind nnd gold trlmmod-wlth .lnoo nnd llowora, vory attmotive, iMlaa Buvroll, oronm mttalln nnd anlmon pink trimming Mlaa Hlrd, : oronm spotted - muslin nnd, ruby plush trimmed with lnoo. - Miss Mnrks, wlilto Indlnn muslin nnd'swnnBdownii • Mlss lt. Mnrks, .blnok satin trimmed : with : pink, broobo .anddlnoo.i Mlaa, Burns, wlilto skirt and cardinal' antln bodloo , trlmraod with lnao ribbons.' -Miss . Honry, .olootrlo blue sntln nnd Ince. Mlaa Lothnm, dark groan oostutno. Mlsa Bath, bind silk with amber trimmings, looked oxooodingly nice, Mlsi Stond, blnok sntln trimmed with blnok silk nnd crimson bows.. ■ Mlsa Bnrr, broclio nnd-striped silk,, vory pretty. Mlsa Leonard,, pnlo blue silk. and-Houl I a lnoo. Miu Morrklth, oofloo lnoo skirt and ruby bodico trimmed .with lnoo nnd gold orhnmonts. Mlaa Lnoy, pnlo brock with floollo lnao trimming. Mlaa Ooock, rod sntln bodloo nnd aronmi skirt with -.trimmings of luce nnd ■flowers.- Miss J, Held, plnlc onshmora nud sntln. Mln O, Hngnn;' blnok silk, nnd ■ lnoo, dookod woll, Mln llobortson, •'white" - satin >-and- aronm lnoo trimmed With pearls and! jot. ornaments. • Mlaa Brooks, oiudlnal sntln nnd lnoo. Miss Bnwlos, oronm lnao skirt nnd blue sntln bodloo trimmod''With i>lnoo nud llowora, with fan to match. Miss Woods wora n protty costume ol blnok sntln and velvet with lnao nnd fontbor trluiniliigi. jMiss Johnsoii, blnok- silk '.trim-mod with Spanish ta*< nnd silver ornaments. • ; . . j & OiiAnd Obriodrfc was given in the Town Hftlli I"0'1' mond, on Tuesday evening (the'28th Inst,, in nld of St. ■Urivthoimbw'a Ohurch, Bnrniey, East Richmond. The jRbv. C. T, Porhs; A,K.C.L^ ihbumbont of St. Stephen's, ! occupied the chair, And Mr. W. H/Ford| organist of the 'last-named church, notod as conductor. The programme 1 .which was a long one, consisted of 'several well-known solos and' Duetts, Miss Henderson (a member of St j Stephen's choir) sang a . solo 14 Dreaming," if | Judo, in a pleasing manner,' aud 'Mrs. Gordon's rich (soprano voice was heard'to advantage in her solo, en- j | titled 44 Seo . yon' rosot so ' freshly'' blooming." Hetr jPfloger's1 zither solo selections from "Traviatn," hi j Verdi, were well received, 'and' to him alone was ac* j i corded an encore." ' Master Arthur Levy's pci'formauft. j on the viollri was clevorly' rendered, and rofleets great I credit on both-toaohor'find pupil. -'Mr." Alex. Earlo sang "Within this''holy'temple" by 'Mozart; in a vor.v l"1' ! prbsslvelmahner; arid it' was 'a mibjdot fdr rogrot that Ills name did not appear more' thau 'onco on tho pi®?' j rarnme.1'J The' Trinity Oollego' Choral Society did «o1 j j appear as nrinrmheod.'owing to a number of tho mombers j suffering from slight indisposition.'"A letter of apolog? | for their absence was received, " Tho hall was crotuk1' and the proceeds no doubt proved' substantial' Ibc ! following programme was performed:—Piano Dlie'' 44 Robert lo Diablo" Misses Burrows and It!wins; So" "Distant Shore " Mr. P. G. Price;' Song, 44 Dreaming. . Miss Henderson ; ' Violin' Solo Fautaisio Pt»t0|y: : ale " Master A.' LevyJ"' Song,''" Si tu Savais," J,n 1'urt Hong, «■ "Horonndo" h "The Hunter's 36ytf Gentlemen Amateurs | Song, 41 Hlcli»poi'*« *,* U. CJroubui Song, 41 Anchored m Mr. A. lluruuvdj; From Oljorou lu Fairyland1',Qhotr i l'lano Duet, Miss burrows unci Mr. W., H. Forclj Bony, 0,, How DdiighlEul'' Miss B. Burton j; Hemp, 4| Within this Holy Tliniplo" Mr. A. Ifiivrlo j Song, "Auntie "Miss ll.Wllloyj Pdfi Hong, a "Fair llohtra'ut'"hb "Thibo 1 Ohul'ors" ■ ( Gwi'tlomon Amutoursj'Song'":Non d vbr'' Mr.' S. Harris) ' SSi'lhor Solo, " 8olootlbns'froml,,iTruvlut'n'' HorrTllogorj "Sao yon Homo'so Freshly'Blaom'lng'' 'Mrs, ' Gor t< j Sony, 44 Angel's 'Whisper " 'Mr.'' GK" A.' Maxwell i ''Gnjo, " Good Nlght'Bolovod'''Choir.1 '' ■ '• 1 " if Wilis Concert given by the South Molbdnrno Lacrosse on the !MtlV utJthe''1'own Hull South' Melbourne; W(Ui ourrlod out lu u most suoaossEul manner---Being tile (Irst tlmo Sir Henry and Ludy Looh hud visited It, ^ti^'Muyor and Council arranged for tllolr reception ut ' "tUp stops of the building by u guard of honor, consist 80 men from tlio Sohlli Melbourne Artillery. At outranoo of the/"l'own Hull they wore mot by the iiyor oE the suburb uud'tho bop lilut" Town Clerk, Mr; F. Miles, und' ooncluotod to the Gounoll Chamber, lore tho following Indies und gontlomon-wore .Intro Mod to tho visitors—Hon. 'J; MiioBuln und Mrs, ^sjlgiK.'lluin, Hon; G.'DI L'uhgrlclgo unci Mrs. Lnngrlclge /ssrs. J. Nlmmu'uiul 'Hi Guunson', Moinburs for South,; ilbourno,||Mr, uud'Mrs. 0;;Miison/ Mr.'nnd Mrs, lttoh Ford, unci Members of tlio Council and their wives, [tor u fow minitfco's1' conversation,' the oohoort-rootn tntlfully clooorutocl for tiib'b'eohslon with pots-plants >|Wd11 suite of drawing-room furnitUre kindly lent by Mr, fltfclglit, of (,'luroiidon Street, South Melbourne, (and sP&leh; obtained tho ihavlcdd apbi'bbation of Lady Looh); iis entered, and a'good programme rondorocl ; tho art-; being tho Misses L. Btaokhum, Jobson, West; liolluisto) Jlorr I'llogor, unci Messrs, llofo, Altmaun: id Groubo. His Hxeellohoy and'Lady Looh, who; pro attended by'Miss Hymans; Captain Traill and Mr. gmrgoss, expressed'thdrasolvos aS'groutly ploasod with' Jo various numbers. Tho attdndaneo was largo,'unci io atfulr was iil'togbthor one of the most successful yet, meld in the suburb,' ' •; |a oonceut will (be given by . thoiMolboumo Liodor. fol, in the Town HiiU, ;oti Tuesday, 4tli August,, Jrnongsb tho artists iwho will take part', in the antor ninmont arc Herri Kruso," Mrs .< Armstrong, and Mr. |rmcs Beaumont..'' ,.v j'1'JtK Melbourne Dcutsclier, Turn,.rVaroln: hold their ^unl monthly, social,.,evening on, Thursday, tho 21) rd 1st., in their hall, Ijntrobq- stroot,, , 'There was a good ttendanoo of members and ladies present, and danbing las kept up ,till after twolvo to an iOfHoieut orchestra, fndor tho directionof Heir.'Weinberg. . , f A very pleasant sooial evening was hold in tho hall tho Mechanics' Institute, South Melbourne, by tho Sourb Albert A. O. Foresters, on tbo 27th inst., to Helobratc its having attained 100 llnnncinl mombors. Pho first portion of .the evening was devoted to a oon |brt, which was well carriod out. Mrs. Roatt, Miss B. IcDouald, and 'Brothers Gamraie, J. 15.' King,! gaining loclal applause -for their numbers. Dancing followed, id was much bnjoyod by t.lioso present, tho reunion listing until half-past two in tlio'morning. The cater ing was well done by Mr. Williams, of Olaroridon-stroet, |outh Melbourne. Klit. James Skiiviok', the'Premier of Victoria, gave a jargc dancing party at his rosidonco, Kilwinning, Bain lava, on Friday, the 24t,h 'hist: A spacious marquee lad been erected for the accommodation of tho guests |y Mr. Morgan, of Swanstoh-stroct, and'the interior of lis was beautifully fitted, tho walls boing'dadoed, and. |ung with mirrors, while festoons of ■ artificial roses j rero placed around the tent.. About 100 guests wore Droscnt, including a number df members of Parliament, gnd other representative gentlemen. The catering-was |_ono in excellent style by Mi5 lies' (Gunsler's). , The second Parliamentary dinner and " at homo" of |ho season was given at Government House, on Wed gesday night!' As on the former''occasion,*: there was a a.rge and distinguished attendance, and the entertain - lent was thoroughly enjoyable. Mil. AMU MltS, 1:1, LlJVY, oJ! Adelaide, gavo a vovy ,plonfliint ovuning liint wook, to oulobrato tliolr daughter Adoluldo'a lli'th birthday. About lll'ty children woru prosout iii fancy dross, Thoy'pvoauntud a vory gay'ap panrnnoo in tliolr respective costumes, Titomoat attrao tlvo drusaoa wore worn by Mlaa Adohildo 'Lovy, pearl broollu satin and wreaths j Mlaa SUnmonda, aa Bluo Bud) Mlaa Lyons, Peasant. Olrl; iitVd Mlaa B,"'Myers,'as' Polly, very novol) Mnators Jou and 'Law My ova, ua Maaltova, &o;„ Stu, Dancing and singing wore kopt up by tlio young folks till tho woo small liouvs, wliou tliuy dlaporaod. Tina Homcoopnthlo Hospital Ball took plaoo last.nlght In tho Town Mall, and waa a'groatsuoooas. A Jiultroport will appear In our next lastio. On Monday afternoon last, 27th Inst,, tlio Mayoroas of Hotham (Mrs, It, Lnngford) hold tho last of ■hot1 receptions ill tho local Town Hall, Mrs, 'Langlord la to bo oongratulatodMipou tho very auooossCul luanuov In whloh thoao voooptlona have boon oavrlod out under lior regime, TilK Q.A,O.O. hold their ilrst Sooiul on Monday ovonlng last, 27 th Inst., In tho Manchester Unity Hall, and.lt was attondod by* about 50 oouploa, Tho aonga by Moaava. Maddox, Poppototi, Bvosvn and Alias Downs word vovy woll ronduvod. ■This Boturn Ball to bo given to tho Mayor and Mayoress of' Ilothum, (Mr. and Alva, Bobt. Lang ford) will take plaoo in tho looal Town Hall noxt Wednesday tho 5th August, and promises to bo a grand affair, Mas. DoTjauAa, of Oaulllokl, gavo a vovy largo danoing party on Friday, tho 2-lth. Dancing com monood at xiluo o'clock, and continued till tho early hours of tho morning. Mus. Hoi'son* Wauickii gavo u vory ploasant ohiidron's party on Friday, tho 2-.lth, at lior rosldonoo, Onntorbury-road, Toorak. , , This St. Ivilda and Brighton Aaaombly hold another of their pleasant ovoninga on ThuVaday, tho 2Hrd inst. There was a largo lxumbor proaont, and a long pro, gramtno, olilolly oonaiatlng of walt/.os was carried out, terminating at a lato hour. The arrangements wuro all that oonld bo wiahed for, A v:bry largo party was givon on tho 2-1 th Inst., by Mrs/Maldmont, of Barkly- road, Kow, and a most ohjoy able evening was spent by the aaaomblod ghosts. Mrs. Maidmoixt la a daughter of Dr. Embling, of Hawthorn, and Mr. Maiduxont is well known as a wealthy squatter now resident at Kow. About a lire brigade ball at' Dunolly, tho local paper, after describing tho ladles' drosses, says that it was dldloult to dooido who was tho bollo of tho ovon ing. Ultimately tho palm was, by general consent, awarded to a young lady from Eddixxgton, dreased in black and pink. Of course it could hardly bd oxpootod that tho narao should bo given, and tho only ourrout of cnliglitonmont derivable is that blaak and pink can bo oxtromoly killing on proper occasion. A DXNHJ3R was given to Ooncortmoistor Kruso on Saturday, 25th July, at Gunslor's Cai'u, by his school mates. On tho menu was Mr. Kruso's portrait, sur l'oundccl by the lfinglisix and Gorman ilaga, and tho names of ancient violinists : Sarasato, Paganini, Joaohlm, and. others. On the roverso woro tho names of tlia guosta prosont: Messrs. A. S; Abrahams, do Boox", A, Gossnor, IS. I-Iart, O. Josko, 0. lillu, H. Eoddin, "V, Lommie, Dr. Eolix Meyers, T. Mioluielis, T. Thorno man, A'. Trapp, A. Wober.* Besides tho gontlomon namod above, Mr; Eora was also invited. , As Mr. Kruso was expressly'desired not to bring his violin, thoro was no music that ovoning. Toasts followod each other in quick ordox1, and Mr, Kruse gavo a short sketch of his lifol s ilioforring to;his prospects in Gormany, ho stated that ho would in-.tho; employment of '-the -Gorman G07 vernmont be ' working with- Joachim, and .'instructing Joachim's pupils. Mr. Kruse intends to visit the colony again in about two years. Mussim, :i.\ J.,Tavuo:u unci Ood^yliii two members of the V'urra jVArruiloNVliig pliil|:l^uvbJ^u'0cyi(ij'|li^yu8 1 ' mastoid evening oji Monday next, lit',' ion's hotel, X ' *. >"»' i ' / 0 LI VA ^ I'oi' U HOOltll . Illul Young unci Jackson Tui'l Alpha1 l'r I vuto'Quad rlllo Club holcl'il very sUti* oussl'iil soulul ovoulug on Tuesday last, the llSth lnsu', ut Hookln's rooms) UHlssnboth sLrooLi Till!) Marquis 1 de Goy/,uotu, the outgoing Italian Consul' In Melbourne, Is to bo 'ontortidiiod lit u biui"« ciuot tiuxt wook by u* number of Ids follow- ooiiutryiuou and other oitlnons prior to ids departure for .I taly,! If u correspondent, who signs ldmsoli1 " An ndvooalia of TaiiIiI') Tamc," will solid Ills rotil nuttio and address, or cull tit lids ollloo on Monday at j 11 o'olook; tlio uuittor to which ho rotors In his letter may bo dis oussod, ■ Mil. C..V, Aimus has boon appointed lender of tlio JJaily Totiifjritph reporting stall'. Mr, Allen discharged the duties of the ollloo .-during the absonou of Mr, Molvln on that wild gooso oliuso In tlio Soudan, After .smashing up the Muhdl orowd, " ,Joo" naturally thought that "bossing " reportors was too lnueh of a one horso show tor his talents, aucl ho oonsocpioutly loft tlio position of loader, for wldoli his literary and ad ministrative talonts so eminently lilted 1dm, Mil, Wattjjustojs*, the prosotit editor of the A antra iasiari, says the ladlos who interview lilm olUolally are so numerous and so bewitching thut, lio fools inclined to turn Mormon and renounce those principles of oollbaoy to which ho has hitherto boon such a dlstin gulshod martyr. A curious story is sent to us by n correspondent who states that soma time ago a Motbouruo linn iudcutod a now and costly tiara for Archbishop Goold sot with procious stones. Tlio tiara roachod Molbourno last wook but a difficulty arose at tlio customs as how it should be classified, The officials proposed to rogard it as belonging to "hats and caps" and a clerk who wont to clour it put it on his hoad so that ho might bo ouablod to mako a declaration that it had boon worn. That would not do howovor and finally after the dis cussion of various plans it was resolved to pass, it as " samples." As thoro is only one Archbishop in thoK? colony this decision sooms to bo peculiarly nonsensical. Does the- Customs Department anticipate a, whole shipment of tiaras, of which this is the forerunner, or how.' Lone Clanmorris brother-in-law of Sir Thomas Brassoy arrived in Melbourne on Saturday last. Mr. Moaias Benjamin, a colonist of -12 years' stand ing died on Saturday at his residence Oollins-st. Joachim Hagen, an absconding insolvent who was rocontly arrested in London was brought back to the colony on Saturday in the steamer Potosi, A draft for £2000 was found in his possession. It is stated on good authority that sir, William Clarke has purchased the "Ago" tlio price named being £55,000. It is not easy to see what Sir William wants with a newspaper especially one which is tho champion of democracy. Wc wonder whether it represents an effort to diminish the power of the working men which under the fostering influence of the "Ago" has attained such proportions as to alarm capitalists in regard to the future. If the " Age " wore to be transformed into a conservative journal the labour cause would suffer, anyway for a time. Or is it a deep intrigue on tho part of tho licensed victuallers to close the mouth of tho " Ago " till after tho licensing bill is dealt with, A sum of £55,000 would not be an extravagant price for the.latter consummation—but is .that the price? It seems absurdly small. Perhaps a. figure, is; missing, and it should read £555,000. . , . vVHKRB; is a " milk factory" at RomsOy. ' Pfeople' maunfacturo milk at many places besides Romsey but they are not honest enough to " own up." 