tori Af, AIT!) GÉNÉRAL. CONCERT AT RICHMOND IN AID OP MR. WILLIAM MARLIN. P HOBAB t. Y, the largest gathering that ever took place in the School of Arts, assembled together on friday night, for a most humane and ben evolent purpose-to raise a sum of money to benefit a poor fellow citicen who has long and worthily been connected with the town, and the Bose of Richmond Lodge of the Man cheater Unity of Oddfellows. The conoert was got up under the auspices of the Odd fsllowa, and the general public responded tu the appeal in a most praiseworthy manner so much so, that by half past seven the hall of the School of Arts Was full as it could be packed with struggling humanity-" like Sar dines in a tin" was nothing to it- aud yet others kept squeezing in, somehow, until 8 o'clock ; and when one bad a chance to look round upon the mass of heads a thrill of en thusiasm went through ono's mind to think that a desire to help a fellow creature in dis tress was at the bottom of it all. Many, we know, were not able to get inside the hall even, much less procure a seat, and had to centent themselves with a long stnnd in the ante-room, crane fashion-first on one leg then on 'tother. We notice that the Freema son's decorations still hang festooned from the tie beams-not evergreen it is true, but still by no means shabby, while at the back of the platform was suspended the handsome banner of the "Rose of Richmond Lodge." The ting» I ing all through was fair-though we have heard most of the singers acquit themselves better ; the instrumental portion was eery good, and for once, at any rite, the instru ments won the day over the human voice. Tho audience gave but small encouragement to some of the singers-whether owing to want of appreciation of the songs or the singeis. we know not; but certainly wc have scarcely ever heard of singers meeting with a more chilly reception than they did on Friday night. Most people like applause, and even the professional singer does not des pise enthusiasm in the audience ; then how much more acceptable to the amateur, win, unused to th« «tare of a large audience, re quires a little warm encouragement to fortify them. The first to appear was Dr. Jockel with "To the front." to Miss Onus' ac companiment, .and both met with loud applause; we don't know which was best, the doctor's fine bass notes or Miss Onus' spirited playing, but both together they filled tho hall with harmonious sound. Miss Long and Miss Blanche Critford next appeared in the duet, " Can this glory be"4-Miss Bessie 1 Crisford play.ng the accompaniment in her usual careful manner; the duet was well rendered, the younger lady, as we remarked on a former occasion, is a promising young singer, and is coming well to the front, while Miss Long's performance was quite equal to her former efforts. The audience were very attentive, and applauded the singers at the conclusion. Next came the veteran, Mr. W. Mitchell-who, we had been led to bel'eve, 1 had long been dead to the musical world and pleased were we to see him waite in as sprightly as ever, and open with ** Here ; e'ands a post"-which, in justice to the singer, we candidly admit he sing very well- ! in fact, we Ho not remember ever to ha»e heard Mr. Mitchell sing better. Of course. 1 he came in for cheer Upon cheer, and we hope some of the applause was intended for 1 the accompanist, Mr. George Mitchell (D. G.'s pupil). Accompanists are generally overlooked at concerts, but really it is they who should, in many instances, come in for the maj tr part of the kudos. Miss Thew 1 s ing *'Tho reign of the roses" in Un usual careful m nnner, and was well accompanied by Miss Ashbury. ¿Hiss Thew sang well, and what is more, she lo iked well, being a sort of a white rose herself-and was loudly ap plau led. The stringed orchestra, composed of Mr. I). G. Gallaher (first violin), Mr. Daley (second violin), Dr. Jockel (violoncello), Mr. Boug'iton (double bass), and Miss Cris ford (piano)-and the piece selected wa» the " Highland Wreath," which wa« to all in tents and purposes the *'gem" of the evening. It introduced to the audience most of the well-known Scotch airs, and they were played exquisitely. Loud applause greeted the performers at the finish. Mrs. Gow was the next to appear, and sang in her own clear notes nnd pleasing manner, "The Arah's farewell to his steed"-and the length of the ballad mide it rather a trying task, but the singer bravely sang it without falter to the last note. Mi»s Ashbury was accompanist. The applause was neither vigorous nor sus tained --perhaps »he audience were thinking of Osman Uigoa and hit steed, and wishing both at Gehenna (or being the caa Be of our soldier laddies going away from home. Mr. D. Mitchell's appearance brought about a divertisement, lor coming in dressed as a swell-a heavy one too-out for a lark at night, he coxmerroed to sing a patter song something about " Blowing the candle out." Of course, blowing a candle out it a simple operation enough, but somehow, the further David went on blowing the candle out, the nearerer it seemed to get to-well.vulgarity that is, it became suggestive. Anyway, Mr. Mitchell's style was the style that " took," and loud roars of applause and " encore" nearly lifted the roof off for a few minutes. Mr. G. Mitchell again accompanied. Mitt rjullivaa now appeared, and ung very sweetly "Thc Nitingales' Trill," accom panied by her lister ; tba song is a very pretty one, and both singer and accompanist did justice to it. Now came another divertise men> : this time a little girl-Milt Ethel Chandler,-recited "Topi»"; her appear ance, as she ran upon the stage, caused a yell to break forth from the audience which com pletely dumbfoundered the poor child, who seemed, fur the time, spesolíWs-, until en couraged, and then she started off at a rate of knot» that would put the " Austral," or the Richmond and Windsor train completely in the shade. 'Twas an exhibition, not a performance, for though the child's memory in à «redit to her, there can be no pleasure to an aúdlence io Hiteiiin» to a thin» that con. taina not oap atoó) oí humour in it when galloped through tt electric speed. Mis* ÇJ^J^'ï!* Wf*e, up" "fts by «o -means a happy oneettbér> and we are afraid the *» poor Topsey" of Mrs, Beecher Stowe's creation would hare teen highly indignant to see her black akin and corkecre* ringlets to badly parodied. But why \c|mpiián ¡ Everybody * was anxious to have a finger io this charitable pie~~from the venerable and respected pro fessor of boUny, to. the little girl who mur dered poor "Topsey" outright. Anyhow, as we bare said, TopseyS representative wai appreciated and encored, There was now a hole in the programme, and Dr. Jockel apologised for Mr. E. Young, who was to have sung a comic so.igt Mr. G. A, Reid supplied the deficiency-and the energetic secretary did it in capital style, with " I am an Irish Boy"-when we say style, we mea« bis singing, but as for the style of Mr. Reid's make up" it was a funny one-" conceived in haste," no doubt, and " born in a hurry." We, who have sailed the world around, are all familiar with " Rattling Irish Boys" and "Ranting Irish Boys," "Blathering Irish Boys," and " Swaggering Irish Bays," and so on, but we never saw before such a rig out for an "Irish Boy" of arty kind, as our electric friend got himself into. To begin with, Mr. Reid's head-gear-well, the thatch was all right-Mite legitimate billycock, and the " big shtick" was all serene, but phwat in ife name of Fingal induced Mr. Reid to don n naval warrant officer's uniform ? Many present took it for a policeman's uniform, some for a superior footman's livery, and others for the Windsor uniform one used to see at State balls, Drawing-rooms, levees, and eich like-and then Mr. Reid's nethers were encased in a stockman's gaiters. Anyhow, though Mr. Reid's, costume was unique, to say the least of it, his song and his action were by no means bad, and be came in for rounds of applause. It was again Dr. Jockel's turn, with that exhilarating song, " The good, red wine," which was sung with mitch gusto by the worthy medico, as, no doubt, be sang it years before in good " old Edinboro'toon"-accompanied by tba stringed orchestra, same performers as before, with the addition of Mt. Reid with the flute. This was another gem, and made people happy during ths intermission Which follow ed.^ Nobody were fools enough to leave their seats, however, and the six hund red or so stood, or sat, it out manfully, rather than lose their places. The Regi mental band played several selections in Uta ante-room during the intermission, but the sound seemed drowned ; they had also played outside earlier in the evening. The stringed orchestra opened the second part with the valse, " Dream Faces"-Mr. Daley, cornet ; Mr. Gallaher, violin ; Mr. Mitchell, second violin; Mr. Reid, flute j Dr. Jockel, violon cello; Mr. Boughton,double bass; and Miss Crisford, piano. This was splendidly play ed, and much admired by the audience. Mrs. Bedford sang "The Vision," to Mts« « ' Primrose's accompaniment ; but, somehow, the singer failed to please, and the lady left the platform with the plaudits of barely half-a-dozen persons. Mrs. Bedford did not sing her bett, it is true, but her second1 best is a few leagues beyond most people in this dis' i . > trict, and one could not but remark that it seemed a cool way of paying a compliment to a Windsor lady who had left ber home on à cold night to take her part in a work of char* ity ; it might have been ascribed to the one *f\ fact of Mrs. Bedford's being from Windsor, only that Miss- Long, a Richmond lady, wu* treated just as ooldly shortly afterwards. There was a kick left in the audience, however, and none were so cold, but what they could find mouth to yell at the tall young gentleman who hails by the name of Stephen Dunston, who now stalked upon the stage arid began to warble " Eileen Alannah" in a much superior style to what his admirers (?) evidently expected. Anyway, Mr. Dunston was fairly well re ceived, and had not only a patient hearing, but was loudly encored-and only for a lot of uniuly boys who occupied the front seats, and ought to have been at home in bed, we ' may say that Mr. Dunston's song met with every respect from the audience. It is an easy matter to get an edge upon a mun, and not so easy get it off again ,- we may say this, however, that we have heard very stylish young gentlemen sing at amateur concerts in , Richmond who did not sing near so Well as the bold Kurra j unger. Mr. G. Mitchell played the accompaniment to Mr. Dunston's song. A little brass followed in the shape of " The death of Nelson," by air. Plummer, on the trombone-Mr. Daley playing the recitative with the cornet. This was very well played-though, we believe, Mr. Plummer ts out of practice. The Misses Sullivan followed with the duet, " Friend ship," which was very nicely rendered to Mrs. Gow's accompaniment; and Mr. A. Johnson entered as a smart young man of a somewhat Clontarfy order, and sang " Fat-fair and forty," finishing with a bit of a double shuffle on a sanded floor-Mr. G. Mitchell accompanying. Mr. Johnson gotan ovation. I " Resignation" came next, by Miss Long, to Miss Bestie Crisford's accompaniment ; and I though the singer sang well, the conduct of many persons in the hall wat shameful. We have seen a conceited idiot laugh »n a professional's face before now, but seldom or never have heard a lady's voice drowned by the hum and cackle r.f a lot of voices as we painfully heard while Mitt Long was singing and this sort ofthing waa not monopolised by the back seals, but those in front did the lion's share of it-the afore mentioned boys, being particularly annoying. Miss Blanche > Crisford next sang to her sister's accompani ment, " Auntie"-and though she sang very nicely she was treated almost as coldly as Miss Long, and she retired almost in silence. Dr. Jockel here intimated that a farce would now eventuate ; and having thanked the audi* ence for their attendance tn so good a cause, retired in favonrof Mr. D. Mitchell who was the coloured gentleman who owned thc " Haunted House," Mr. Bats waa his eccen tric friend, wearing a white tile labelled " Cuticura soap" (to be had at local chemists, no doubt); Mr. G. A. Reid was the servant, and the soul of the piece, and Mr. G. Mit chell-the ghost. They all acted their parts very well, Mr. Reid's rig wat A.I., as also wat Mr. Bait', while Mr. G. Mitchell's ghost was, in the midst of blue fire, sufficiently re alistic-or spiritualistic, which ? to curdle the blood and make any one's hair stand ou end leave alone a poor nigger footman's. This concluded the entertainment, and there can be no doubt as lo its success financially ; and »ê have »Imply thom how Impartial- we con lie ; generally, we çtJtioise the singers-al though it>at^eenfc3eÂeîlyJeaid hy people; ¿Rho «re *%^j^(jjrWr!sJo£lJ.m they offend <^tlifit~amateur» clipuld escape critic'sto', «nd by the same method of reasoning! audiences .chnnld abo fscane., We believe nothing of \ r!t)^yÍd;a(l{ttJeéiticisM \- " Snatîntr, everf though somewhat "adverse, ie not taken bsdly, after all, by people who'have ordinary intelligence s and w«j must there fore ass&fae; (hji^aumpncf t ere equally amen able to criticism, tl ow ever, we have often seen a professional-or at any rate, a man or woman who'did their best to please the pub lic fora living- bused unmercifully because they rlid no^q^ts^come up to the ideas of «prtain pprßi|riV who assume to know ,more limn the genïpjîtv £î pe iple-although we have hÄrasflpi^oB*^hernselves hoarse in applauding. ^ÚMtettí* ^,no fade asses of themselves by/iaying themselves out to do im ' possibilities;'"" lu* ^tie case of the concert "ott Friday.night, öuc«|ti£isms tfafè been more favourable teethe shi^ri than mpny we have heard, ana tho'difference is ibis : We put I what we have to say in print, quite regardless of what a host of other critics may say- j ' white ley enjoy^W quiéjt.sneër. unseen and ' unheard. We say again, we have been to nevera!-whst have been termed "high.] class" or .*'faehionable"-r-concerts in the district, where the singing-was not near so . good as on Friday night, just as we have been to-jnnch simpler affairs and heard better. Where the audiences are mixed, applause is given hy one set to those who belong to them, .and vice vena', whereas, your impartial critic . í-.átalnding it heAdoesi&1¿of>from any clique -is able to bestow his frowns or favours upon either peer pr parvenu, just as he sums them up in his own unbiassed mind. The cause was a good one. and the people rolled up bBn^somil^ says some one, they* sboula not be taken toi task for not being appreciative. .This is just where we differ. Theladiesjmd gentlemen who played and sang to win" help'for poor1 Marlin were j quite ps independent as any person of the audience; and not only (ned to do theil best, but did it fairly well ; and, therefore, merited a little,more praise than they got--exijepting, of course^ the f ¡cpipidB," Mid they .gol their . full of it. . If applause means noshing, let ut hare flbtiewilh it, and in future tattoo both \- it and encores; we should hail it with joy, as, no doubt) wouid many of our amateur sing er* $ hut while St *>.t)ne '.' correct thing," }et us bestow it equitably, for it is not nice for a lady who has jùslheatd the ringing .cheers lavished upon one singer, to find herself, -at ; the lendSof bèr tong) allowed to leave the . platform inatjlence-it must: feel .almost as pleasant a«<iaVÎng a «et clout slung at one*« lieid,.. fl^erejpajne matterwe would point, out, though the' tjiing is now over and cari't he remedipd;*till it »pay be; avoided in the future. After the concert began, the audi ence wereîèftto themselves ; noone seemed to have charge, and fife consequeooe was dis order and khtr '. WisW ire have com. plained of. The, Oddfellows UhemselTes' should have selected members Of tlye, lodge w . to tit anion)' the audience fand 3f*ep; order especially in - the front -, row among tbe: < . yoúbgéte)»-4*h¿Í éhetherl ^ùbltc'School' J. ' ' ¡and however some tívib linger! werombie tb . - ' ifrtif*f%! Wj*.Í^JwKfi!»ToÍcev*9Won; ?. ; * Wlow OWm,ipuÈaei us'. We'^ioticed ¡Mr. j -, {{Mitchell/ aeçç once tfitwfe. ç)iid$ ione or ., two more unruly'than the rest, and iMr.; Dáley. daring Ute períoñnárrce otäe«tringioV OFÏffàfM. ff/Sf f^b,ric.e H^out endf .peak: to boys w front of.' him, to restrain Íiern, It ip but a lew j»eek>[ ago we were retentît a gathering lin the same hall-not so large acne certainly, but atjllw^obflJone--.j 3nd though composed of those -who are cnn iderfd: -a Aemonstra'ttve * and enthusiastic people, we never «aw a piorf orderly1 ib'pdy of men and women' 1 together and' so "marked was it, thut they.WMeçompUmën/ed from the^ flatform by a gentleman who confessed that e felt bonoyred in having auch an audience. Ko doubt our remarks will be taken by many «ts. |c afnbjit; weldon?! mean them «s such, however ; »bat bas happened in Bichmond before ead happen again ; for not only on the occasion we have just referred to, but on nany another occasion hare we seen good audiences in every respect. Unfortunately, in ft large gathering the wheat and the tares are BO mixed that it is impossible to individualise, and ttougb admitting that a few noisy persons may make a great uproar, for which othes may be blamed, the safest plan is to »« wire in" at the audience col lectively, end let them fight it out among themselves as individuals. We have never hesitated at »ny time to' speak plainly of the . platform, and see no reason why we should mince matters «heh it .comes to the audience. Those who suffered are precluded from re - senting a slight} we, therefore, do it for them. Anyhow, we are pleased, f%»r tlus Benefic'ate's sake, that things ended so well, for we believe the result was £60 clear-the expenses amounting to only £2. CHURCH OF ENGLAND TEMPBRANCE SOOICTY -On Tuesday next, the C.E.T.S. will hold their usual monthly meeting. We understand that several ladies are coming from Richmond and other patts to help to the success of the meeting, so that altogether we anticipate a very pteasanfevening. HOLLOWAYS OINTMENT AHD PILLS. . Rheumatism and Gout,-These purifying and soothing remedies demand the earnest at tention of all persons liable to gout, sciatica, pr other painful affections of f e muscles, 1 toervp, or joints. The Ointment should be ¡ : hrtplled after' the affected parts have been patiently fomented with warm water, when ' the.unguent should be diligently rubbed upon thc adjacent skin, unless the friction should cause pain. . Holloway's Pills should be sim ultaneously taken to reduce inflammation and to purify the blood. This treatment abates the violence, ..and lessens the frequency of >;ouf, rheumatism, and all spasmodic diseases, which.spring from hereditary predisposition, ?>r from any accidental weakness of constitu tion. TIU'B Ointment checks the local mis chief. Thc Pills restore the vital powers. Purify the blood, cleanse the stomach, and sweeten the breath with Hop Bitters. Ameri tan Co's only genuine. R ad. ONE BOX OP (JLAKEEjß B 41 FILLS it warranted to core «ll discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either ser (acquired or constitutional), Grave), and Kains- in the Back.- Guaranteed free froDvJIerouiy. Sold io Boxes; 4s ed eaoh, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors ; Sole "Pro ?ri. tors, THE LINCOLS AND MIDLAHD Commas IBUO Co., Lincoln, liugHni, 'Wholesale of all tb« Wholesale Houses. f 