Sunday Reading. Consolations of the Holy Spirit. By the Rev. J. N. Nobtok, D.D., Rectob of Cheibt Chubch, Louisville, U.S. TWENTY "weary years a sick, suffering woman had been confined to her bed of pain. She never complained, and the open Bible, near at hand, told the secret of her com fort. Life seemed a wreck, dating bach almost to school days, and it was an inscrutable mystery why the Lord had bo long and so ' grievously afflicted her. Once, while she com muned with her own heart, a heavenly bright ness seemed to light up her sick chamber, and an angel form bent over her. ' Daughter of sorrow,' he Eaid, in a voice scft as the zephyr, ' art thou impatient 'No; bnt 1 am full of pa'n and disease, and I had hoped that Christ's suffering, and not mine, would save me. Oh ! why doea God thus deal with me ?' He tenderly lifted her from the crouch, and seemed to bear her swiftly over land and sea until they reached a strange workshop in a great city. The angel pointed to a man, seated near the window, holding a half-polisbed dia mond in a pair of iron pincers, grasping tho tiny thing as if he would crush it, and applying it to tho rough grindstone without mercy. The ■ jewel became smaller and smaller, when the bewildered sufferer a>ked, '"Why do yon bear on so hard, and * rind the little diamond as if 1 yon would wear it all away ?' • ' I wish to grind off every flaw and crack in it,' he answered, curtly. , ' But don't j ou waste it F . :. ' Tea; but what is left is worth so much ilia i more. If this diamond shall stand the test^.it • is to be one of the crown jewels of our king I' V, Gently the angel bore back the sufferer to her sick chamber. _ ' Daughter of sorrow,' he asked, in a fame of, tender sympathy, 'dost thou understand,the-: vision ?' 'Oh, yes!' she meekiy answered. ' Bat may I hope that I am as the diamond in the hand of the strong One who is polishing me for the.; crown of the great King T ' Daughter of sorrow 1 let this he thy com fort Hereafter thou shalttdngthe song 'of joy with those " tcAo hate come out of great trilula tion." ' Could anything better opebburheart* to take 5| In with profotmdfc-t thankfulness the good gift bestowed upon the sorrowing world at Pente- ; coat—the gift of the Holy Spirit, of Godta be - our Comforter? We 1 now that the Holy Ghost is one of the persons of the Holy Trinity, and equal jwith .' the Father and the Son in power and glory; and we are sure that He performs many graci ous offices for ns. He has ever been the secret : 1 reaence of God within the creation, the Sonl of universal nature, the Guide of Faith, the .. Witness against sin, the inward Light of;, patriarchs and prophets, the Grace abiding in; . the soul of the devout believer, and the Lord . and Ruler of the Chnrch. From the beginning of the world the Blessed Spirit has pleaded with rebellions man; and Heir dwells in us. niter our regeneration, as in a: temple. He opens oar blinded eyes, that we may behold the Divine Author of oursahatiDn; He lifts the soul to higher and holier aspira tions ; He guides, enlightens, and instructs, and is always our best C mforter. Surely it - cannot be improper to call even this-Divine Being by the endearing name which oor blessed Lord bestowed upon Him. The very name supposes that the Holy Spirit has the most intimate acquaintance with ns; that He can enter into all onr feelings and perplexities; and that Ho can make allowance for us in a way that a stranger or an ordinary ac quaintance never could More than this : He not only knows us, but He foe Is deeply and tenderly for us. We some times tee a loving father carrying his sick child in his arras, and folding it gently to his besom, and yet wholly unatle to interpret its piteous moans and cries ; bat when the mother comes in she seems to understand, by some mysterious instinct, its secret thoughts, and her nur?ing r»n? does most to relievo and com fort it. So, too. God the Holy Spirit, with bowels of compassion, which no language can oppress, condesoe:ds to bo our Comforter: a Comforter through all the changes and chances of this mortal life : and a Comforter iu death. There is an island in a distant sea from whose shores the poor fishermen sa:l in their frail bouts to seek for the treasures of the deep. Often during their absence thick mists como down, covering highland and cliff and beacon fire with so impenetrable a veil that no familiag mark is left to guide them home Love has. however, contrived a remedy for this; and ▼hen the time time for their return draws near, mothers, wives, sisters, and daughters hasten to the wave-lashed shore, and nnite in the cheering voice of song. Guided by the familiar sound, the deeply-laden b^ats arc steered safely to the land. Thus, to each trusting Christian soul, eemea the gentle voice of Love, in the very midst of its darkness and distraction, 4 Be not afraid; 1 will never leave thee nor forsake thee J* The Holy Spirit does not merely condole with its. and share onr grief, as an earthly friend might do, but He irura ts true comfort; _ Ho presents to our troubled souls glorious and . immortal hopes ; Ho teaches us the important- - lesson of resignation to our heavenly bather's wtHpSfid'He'SSiiotiiles onr-presant-trials to onr etern&l; good,. r . r If these representations bceoiTect. 'vre jniajr well itsE; on 'the"Feast of ftTjftsundayywheu the Holy Spirit-came down fronrhcaren to bj the Ccmfoiter c solutions of ( 5pim-wiutf mvi* »wi * -• ter of Pod's people, \ Are the oon : Gyd.email with thee?' _^ jWepray'tliat are:a^'jOTiiiiOT'gi^fe at" the holy comfuft'of the Blessed Spirit. '' lis it noreisoiisble, then, tliut v,~e should o-ii!-: fldeally expect to realiso such a pre!aooi;priyi^t lega ?-.: Ha-ro wo .tasted the :abundance /ot '.'tha avaJ^Bng1 ooa^olation which- Ho alono ad ministers? Or are we.tryiiuji t-v.be ourowiV Comforlers ? bAs many a poor child'haA li.«ch destroyed by paisoncm anodynes, clumsily ad ministered; to sbofHe iutbl a^>uimatu*al.j6leep,' so liars 'multitudes o'f.;min'ortaI*'sbuts'Kjen ruiaedby the seductive cry of i-Teeee.! jpeaps when plsic. houost tr;i;h>hould. hard b'seif pro claimed. The oumfortjn-hiph tlio Soly 'Spirit gin s is always sate, efieotusl, and abundant. Why, then, under any .creumstaiio-js, shoa'd there be cccssiun for the question if tho text, * Are the consolations of Uod small wi&HBMi;?*: It'is itsver thef-alt-ofGod that we are left inj despair; and the diffi-iuity is to be found in ourselves.: ' "L/Fonietimes ~hfl Christian lash? fiom the very.we:dcne.is and imoerf jciioh pi his -nature.' '. -• ' . • , ' As perfect hcIineFS would of itself secure perfectbbssVsoisthe*e&necessary; .conneeUoa between moral debility and transient and in complete enjoyment, Nothing'ceulfl show more plainly .that our nature iB fallen and corrupt than the simple, hat startling fact, that1 evSiOfheu Divine I^ve had provided a Media tor between Go<l an- mm, the Holy spirit must "come into the world, not duly to .apjdy the rf-nvnlv, bit 10 insko us ieri our need ot it. it A-toihci; reason why even Chti«»tiau people or*; sometimes depressed and desponding, is Separationiiom godly feUowship. As "ointment and perfume rejoice thohcirr, so does a man his friend by wi-s and iirney coua6cL Even St. Paul, hsro as he was, hud his periods of aadnes*, while pursuing his weary way, cut oil fro a Christian sympathy; hut when he saw the brethren, he thanked God | «nd took courage (Acts xxviii. 15). | HI. Neglect of the divinely appointed means i of comfort is another very common reason why Christians enjoy so little of it God.will console us in his own way: in devout meditation, in secret prayer, in public worship, is the diligent study of His holy Word: and in the humble and frequent recep tion of *tbs most comfortable "Sacrament of the body and blood of Christ.' When pro videntially hindered from sharing in the public'means of grace, the good Lord w3i make all due allowance for us. He will be with, tu in this trouble, and we shall see His power and glory as we have seen him in the sanctuary. IV. Once more, * the consolations' of God's peoplo.are sometimes 1 email' because they lire in wiifal neglect of His Holy Spirit. 1 We all need- the mediation of our Lord in txren; but we. equally require the presence of .the Blessed Comforter in our hearts. His grahe^.mnst be sought for and cherished; and we must learn to live and walk in Him. Alas ! how many not only slight and grieve Him by wilful pis, hut by forgetting that there is such a Hitin'e.Bemg who is abiding in the world to teaeJygttide, and bless us I i Passengers on board of one of the ferry- i boats, which are"con$tantIy plying between the'opposite shores of the Mersey, occasionally see,- , on .warm, bright days; a crippled boy, whose body-baa grown almost to the full aire of manhood, while his lim'ts are withered and mdleat, ' He wheels himself about m a little carriage, and entertains the passengers by the simple music of hi3 accordion. One so help leak, it would ieem, must be a burden to those who' lore him, • and, besides the precarious and trifling sum earned in this way, it is hard to imagine any other service he could po? ibly render. ' How is it, 'my lad.* naked a passenger, ' that when you cannot walk your shoes get so worn P A. faint hlaeb mantis J the faw of the poor cripple, when he answered, wkh hesitation, ' My,mother has younger children, tir, end while she is out washing I amuse them by creeping about on the floor acd.plaviag with them.*:' • Poor boy!' exclaimed a lady, standing by, not intending to be h'iard. -vWhnt a life to:. lew! I What Lai he in the faturot/> loA fori , ward'tofc'- . • - ! The tear that started; in-his oyc, and the I bright smile that it chased' 2way. showed that hedid bear; and ho Kaii, in alov.* vohe, 11 am. looking forward to have wiogs snme J ay,V ^ILe poor cripple, was a learner in the school of 'Christ, and; the .Holy Ghost was hw com forter. .He waited, ia faith and patience^for the happy day.when ho thonM 'mount up with wlagB.as eagles; and run and net be weary.' U only. :i*mains for each 0116 to make & pfr eonal application of tho.subject fbr fc:m~elf: ' Are the coruoiitions of God f-midl will; thee?' If so, is it not yo*tr ov,n fault ? It mast co that the weakness and imp'rfec tion of human nature; or separation from j religious people whom example might !>e an j encouragement to wod-doing ; or the neglect ! of the divinely appointed means of comfort; and, above &IL; a per-bitcnt forgetfulrress of the pr^ence and oSlrei of the Holy Spirit—it must 1>9'iiiBt one ormorecf fh;-j?e causes will amv ;r.t fijr zauyhtf your restle.-snr«s nrid diwjai.t'ide of heart. The drscovory of the eourco of the evil is a most in&poriant; st . p towar.ls it^ cor rection and cui*. Lie. Moody's new hall, connected with hia Mount Hermon Schx/1 for Boys in Mas-a cbu-/;ttd,. h?is jurt been rlciic^rcd. It is a three-story building, containing a chopel, library, and recreation rooms a: d laboratory, the cost—£6 000 - having been met by Mr. Moody's eh ire of tie royalty on the hymn book, "Songs and Solos," used daring the | Evangelist's English campaign, ' 