The Wew Church at Belford. Tiih ceremony of laying tbo foundation fltono of tbis littlo was witnoBB?d on Monday by n goodly number ol frionds Tfbo bad dnvon out Irotu Singleton, ns well as of the neighbours aronnd. The brightness and tempered coolness of the ntmosphoro was all that could bo dnsirod for enjoymont, nnd indeed, tho fine weathor which, ns n rulo, ? iv England, accompanios tho anniversary of tho birthday of our gracious Quoori, so much so as to be proverbial, BOi'tns to ba equally infallible in this part of her dominion*. This added greatly to the pleasure uf tho visitors, and especially to tho choir of AH Saints', Singloton, who kindly attondod undor the conduct and- nt request of Mr R. li. Conolly tho choir-master, and whoso assistance gavo a hearty and cheerful chiractor to eervico of tho day. Thoy orrivod early on thu scene and picnicked in a pleasant littlo valley at a short distance from the silo of tho church. Thoir presence was in every way welcome Tho sorvico commenced punctually at 3 o'clock with the chanting by the choir of Psalm 132. This was followed by tho Lesson I. Cor. IIT. read by the Roy. 0. Walsh ofLochinvnr. ? ? Some prayers wero thon read, whon Mr Clark, of Rrlford, who is acting as cltirlc of, tho works, stepped forward and, on boholf of the congregation, handed _ handsome silver trowel to tho incum bent for presentation to Mra J. C. S. M'Dounll. The trowt'l, which is ivory handled nnd elegantly chased,, can now bo seen on tho promises of Mr ,D. M'Dougnll, who ? supplied it. It bran* thn followin/r inscription ':-— "Presented to Mrs J. O. S. M'Dounll by tbo congregation, on the occasion of her laying tho fonndntion?tono of The Church ol the Good Shepherd, Belford, 2oth May, 1885." Tho Nov. B. IS. Shaw having p/e -, sentud it with suitable words expressive 1 of tho grateful sense entertained by all for thu interest and zeal displayed by her in every way in furthering tho erec tion of tho church, Mrs JU'Doiifll proceeded to .lay tho Btone with tho?e words : " I Uy this as the chief stone of a church to bo built in this placo, to bo named ' Tho Church of tbd Good Shepherd,' m the namo of'the Father, and of tho don, and of the Holy Ghost." Hymn No, M 5, 5.P.0.K.,.".Th„ stona to Then in faith wo lay," was sung, followed by Psalm-122, chanted by tho choir. This waa followed hy hymn 488, " Tho Church's ono Foun Jntion." Tho Rev. 0. _. Shaw thon delivered nn address, taking for his text, I. Cor., iii., 2, ?' Other foundations can no man ley tbnu that is laid, whioh is deBUB Christ." Ho said that this was to most of thoso present, an occasion of much joy ns marking a great step of progress in nn objeut which hud grown to bo very dear to them.' They could now begin to look forward to the ond with confi dence. Tho poor littlo building in which they had been accustomed to as semble had so far been of uso to them that lie doublod not vory many earnest prayers hnd been offered np therein. Many a blossing had sent down from tho ihrotio of prnco on humblo and faithful hearts, and it was felt that another building worthier of that reverenced worship which they owed to God ought to bu provided. Now that God dwelleth nol< in temples made with hands, and thnt the Heaven of Heavens could not contain Him who unhnbiteth eternity, was acknowledged by them all, but it hns been in conformity with tho Divino will from the first, that appro priate places shonld be nppointed for UiH sorvico, as wero also appropriate tiuiiis and persona when and by whom such sorvico should bo rendorod. It ie probablo that our first parents in Eden had a placo wherein God was wont to meet them, as Cain nnd Abel hnd to which thoy brought their offerings. Noah ns soon ns ho loft tho ark, bnilt an altar to the Lord, iib did Abraham, Isaac and Jacob wherever they pitched t l ioir tents. Moses was specially in structed by God Himself as to tho fashion and placo of tho tubornuclo in tho midst of tho camp of Israol, and it was tho chief douiro of the man after God's own heart to provide for tho building of tho temple, and tho glory of Solomon to effect it in the most tplondid maunor,'und at the mo?t sumptuous ox-, pon?c. Tho preacher then wont on to trace out tho carrying on of tho saino idea throughout the earlier periods of tho Christian Church that thero might.over bo a placo whero nil things pertaining to tho worship of God might be carried out decently and in order—ond whero the saints might " not forsake tho assembling of them selves together." In a church properly construct, d everything shonld remind ihe worshipper of whnt ho owes to God, and tho bli'Bnings he receives from God. The font, the position of tho pulpit, the prnyer-dfsk, the choir,. übovo al), tbo altar, nnd he would get to love them, as says lho hymn—' , 'f.We love. Thine altar, Lord, O what ou earth so dear I For tho?e in faith adored, We find Thy ptesunco uesr." i But after all, the chief point to be , considered was, that St. Paul iB spouk- I ing iv the chapter of the text of ii I cpirituul aud uot v muterial edifice. All our building 'mtn-t keep this in viow: j " Tbe one foundation built upon the Apostles und Prophets," Christ Himsell . being tho thief corner stone. All our building without that would be iv vain, Tho purpose ol Christ's Gospel wii?'to make ua Gad-learing, God-loving, obe dient and ftiitlilul Christiana—kind and charitablo towurdH others, temperate ? and holy in our lives. If wo so used this house of prayer, God's bles?irig would deocond upon us, and this, building would bo v source of good to ' tho neighbourhood. Ho prayed that God would bless their work and all who ' who wero engaged in it that day. He , referred to the effwts already iimde and | ? \ , bii "?' ' l> w" 0 rm "'" d ?"w' m,.h'l "' ,'?V ? t]; ?- ' 'l,' 1 * "?' ' '[ ; "~V* .</ li* I cheerful nnd liboral "in thoir offerings in His service. Hymn 261 "Como to Thy Temple Lord," was sung and offerings worn thon laid upon tho titone to tho amount of £8G 1/-. After thn service which closed with a prayer and tho benediction, the Roy. C. Walah, whose genial pretence was very wolcotno on tho ocension, nt. the reqno?t of tho incumbont addrc?sod the uudienco in some woll-choson and per tinent remarks as lo what moans might bo taken for opening tho church free of doht, and chiefly ho suggested that the congregation phould mako a prnctico of doubling or trebling their u?ual offering* at tho Sunday servici'B, a very uhoftii suggestion.which,' it is to bo hoped, may havo good effeot. At least £100 moro will.be required beforo tbo completion of tho work. "-This church henceforth to bo known as "Tho Church of tho Good Shepherd," n naroo suggested by tho worthy Bishop, and one most appropriate for a pastoral district, ia beautifully situated on rising ground, on a portion of tho New Freugh estate, given by i\lr J. C. S. M'Dounll, who, as well as Mrs M'Dounll, havo beeu liberul givers towards tho fnnds, nnd havo shown tho utmost intorest in tho work. The long range of the Patorson hills and othors, including Mount Royal, Blrotching far away in tho distauce, afforded a lovely prospect as tho Blant iug raya of tho evening sun fell upon and lighted them np during tho servico, supplying v noble background to tho scene, and which will long dwell in tho romcmbrtinco of thoso present. They would also feel tho nptnos? of tho allu sion by the preacher, whon ho eaid thnt even nature horself would teach eTormoro tho worshippers in that little church to lift up their eyes unto tho evorlnsting hills from whence comeih thoir help. Tho chnrch, which will bo of stone, is alter a plan by Messrs Blackett Bros., architects, nnd is calculated to Heat a congregation of ono hundred. Tho contract cost for its erection is about £520; but a further amount will bo required for internal fittings, and a porch, if sufficient funds for tho latter can bo obtained. i l . ~ ~ 