THE COUSINS; ^ tat, 'cbgb r^6dHE»i3A»TAJfcT» TBE TfiVB. £$&£3£Zato 2£?H.^-di£U8 as» Szosng. : Com JafiaSJer iwn down E&bs; Into the faira&x;^ *wbns8. frescoed oaSIiug, dove-tinted waBs» 4tbae3. w% oaspeted. floors tccm Jag&$3& jd^ fey fihft 'Erst $aa% tud €b©re, BCKodimg as 3* -veto in the mfost of au enefownte&JHygear;, 'was Seymour, tor Irade 4 'Ga*s!fc Bfeavteas^ j»np bo&atifal; you. are f JtO ft't 'frtHn^^ffij .^fvijriT^iup wtKTWflfu.' W-itf^ fefffJM* lands m&BsS;&L; * &\- ladiaaat sod so ioneh^, Sbe placed ier twogfoved lands in 111* i MUSh, Seymour, do jrm love me? Slam fins JasSj-fSnioTipiKOTr-wiicae JiresP* i 4So Jaagas -we lire, Oora leader, I -will fcve.yottfcr better for 'worse, in good or e:rilj in holiness or fiiu. You and I belong fc- .each «£her. Sotting Irai death stall part tt^JBo lidip me God I* : Why did her hands cease their happy ffinirfcBE, and grow cold in his clasp P What was it that seat the blood from, her face sad seek till they -were as white as the pearls on. her bosom.? * Why, love, how 'white you. are.' ' Your love is savage, Seymour. It half frightens me.' 'My love frighten you! What hare I said, dearest, only that I wrald love you for erer aad ever r' 'But yon. spoke sternly.' ' Solemnly, sweet one, not sternly.' ' I am very foolish to let the tone of your voice wound me s©.' ' Yes, darlings but it is . over now. There, there, lean your bead on my shoulder,. so ; and let me kiss the roses back to these lips.' They sat down on a sofa near the window. Her lips had got back their redness ; her cheek, warm with a flush of happiness, lay close to his. She half clouded him with her bridal veiL 'And. you, Cora, will it be always thus ?with you .?' he whispered. ' Will my love content you for ever P 'It contents me now* Sevmour — I am supremely happy — nothing comes between my heart and yours. In this place we can be Happier than mortals ever were before.' 'And is this to be our home ?' said Seymour, glancing around the sumptuous room. ' Yes, it is our home ; I give it to you. Thank Heaven, my love does not come empty handed .!' Seymour gently released her from his arm, and moving to a window, looked out. The little garden in front was flooded with moonlight ; drops from the fountain were shooting through, it in bright flashes .and raining back upon the flowers, which repaid them with perfume. It was, indeed, a little Paradise that his bride had created for him.' Was Le {satisfied ? I think not. This man', with all his faults — and he had more than the reader yet knows of-^was proad in his 'way ; and it is in the nature of proud men, good or -bad, to give benefits to the Tvoman they love -, to receive them entirely Trounds all sense of manhood. She came to the window where he stood, and laid her hand on his shoulder. 4 Yon look sad, darlings Why is it ? I expected to see you all joy.' ' And go I am, dearest girL Why should you think otherwise ? No woman ever gave ier pet macaw a more glittering cage.' lae spoke with something of bitterness. She had been too lavish of her superior gifts, and he felt ifc. ' You have taken a dislike to my house— Our house — -and L I thought it so beauti ful,' she said with tears in her eyes. He looked down upon her sod relented. Other and deeper causes of regret lay in his heart; but he crowded them back and allowed all the warm tenderness of his love to answer that tearful look. ' It is beautiful,' he said, ' but h&W; Oao. I think «f that with you bjr say side ? QotOS clorsr to the window, love, and let us watch for the miti who will make «m any t&JEe.;' She drew -&»e to his side, and «Qotred iimto circle her with his arm as they stood looking out upon the moonlight. ' Sow lonely and how BtiUifc is,* shexaid; 'we can almoBt hear the bftU-Kke Rankle of those water drops as they fan back into fee fountain. Softer and sweeter toamon0t0e teralded in a wedding. WaJl you accept theomea, Seymour? ' I can accept nothing thai does not pro mi&e; happiness with you » ctoae to my heart, Cora.* A sharp click of the Iron 2a£oh sturtlod them both. The gats fell to vtth a dtaag that struck those two youig em&WNs;* lifcera tlow. Then, like ft spectre, -ame &*-!*& form of the clergyman, sweeping 4fee sxxm light from the flowers wHk it* HhaAorw. * He is coming,' trJutpeted Cm^ddned, fihe knew not Why. Seymour did not »peak, but lift StWa'ned her to few bosom so vv&ataOj; tiu&\- sbe gasped for breath. 1 ( ' Hare you no fear -^ jn»-^o jOfisttt^ni to ast? It is not foo late.1 , , .. ' Fear of yon/ site ftoiwered,j^ingtiig to him tenderjjj wW 1bj* iurm IH^SA^Mlfv re leased her. 4£ssvi^^^^J^oi3dUHtS«9b fear the flow** «*0ttt& thtet *-tti««fli- Qucations— wby should I »*k^tt6^6ottdl M as oar two lit«lft*9 1fe$^)ty tOftfk&F;? Hark, hei* ifyifh^'jliit^3lV * '' *Ftdg,*£J* v They- ft,t3ie 3$r^M^&A;$imUmfo fte coichVVaiM^g 'iNr^^pi-S over each other, while he pauBed on the threshold a^d cast a wanderliig glance over the room. Then Ills observation feU on the Jtjung couple. He atJVed forward and greeted them cordially - ' Thea it is to be a weddiiig, after aU,' he said, glancing at the costume of tne bride. * t was not prepared for that.' ' Ho,' said Cora, blushing under his gaze. ' There will be hoiSSie present but ourselves.' The minister s^ifoa, glanded at her a second time with & look tllat bdspoke as much admiraMoa M OlericBl eyes are ever permitted to express, and answered still more blandly -j ? 'And ike witnessBS. deai? lady, we must have wiiaiesses.' ._ The young people looked at each other in dlszbaT* ? * AJioeBeuss might do for one,' said Cora, in » l&W; voice. * But the other ?' *My boy, Brian Nolan. I wish I had brottratit Mm ; he might) be of use, he is sufficiently infcelligeBt.* *Is he trustworthy?' asked Cora, in a whisper.; * I would trust him with a secret that held my life, if needfuV answered Seymour, * but we ha-ve no one to send lor him.' ' 'Ko,' said Cora. 'But the BVenohman — *e TrtH do: Afetr minutes , after, Alice fieuss and Imbin. came into the room and stood . near the couple while they wore married. Then the elergvmaa. kissed the bride on her burn ing oheek, shook hands with Seymour, pledged them in a c^lasa of amber-hued wine, and weni away far richer than he had ex pected to become that night, leaving a wed dinj? certinoate behind, and any amount of wton congratulations. The same of the bride written on tiat. certificate was Vir ginia Cora Lander, and the bridegroom's sane was -written out m full, Alfred Nolan Seymour. - Oora scarcelf stopped to read the docu ment, but put it in her bosom, afraid to trust it away from her* heart, so precious did it seem to her. The young couple then came and seated themselves at their first home repast. In September .Mr^. Lander had consented to accept Cora's invitation to stay with her awhile at one of the fashionable hotels : in city. A. splendid oatut-of second mourning had been the principal inducement held out for this temporary change of residence, and this most important business occupied the widow almost exclusively. As for Cora, the'first year of her mourn ing had not yet expired; she made this an excuse for avoiding all society and living a secluded life, which even her reputed aunt could not understand. There was neither sympathy nor confidence now between these two women. Cora held her mother at arm's length, aad kept out of her society as much as possible. She gave no explanation of her own mode of life, but went and came as it pleased her, answering to no person for her movements. , At last Mrs. Lander grew weary of shop ping, and more weary of the strange isola tion which Cora's retired life forced upon her. She demanded more money, and a broader range of social life in .the hotel, both of which Cora refused. . So, one day when Cora was more insolent than usual, Mrs. Lander packed up her things and be took herself to the old home, where she threw hersalf upon Eunice for sympathy and protection. When the evil spirit of the family was gone, something liketranquility settled upon the household. Eunice, who controlled her mistress with an iron hand, broke up the old habit of stayingin her chamber by main force. The family meals were served in the dining room, she said, and were not tobeecatteredail over the house in trays, as if they kept a tavern, as it -wns -when that other highflyer was at home. . If she was expected to super intend things, every soul under that roof would come down to regular meals in the Tegular place. She -nras tired of seeing such goings on, and meant to take the reins in her own. hands, just to see how it seemed after being put down and rode over, as she had been for ever bo long-. Mrs. Lander might not have yielded to this dictation in Eunice, but for the trouble that had arisen between her and Cora at the hotel, which had at length aroused all her temper and her old pride. Mrs. Lander never gave even Eunice ilie details of the quarrel which had preceded her exit from the hotel. But it had arisen in this way. After spend ing large sums of money on her wardrobe, Mrs. Lander had asked for more, and was put off grudgingly with a small sum, and in a manner that drove, all the woman's smothered temper into revolt. * She Wanted more/ she said, in hot anger, ' five times as wmcli:—ten times-T^twenty times. The money belonged to her a: great deal more than it ever did to her dftnghteT.' ? Your daughter,' said Cora, rolling up the rejected tnoney and crowding it coolly back into her purse* -.-* If ever call me by that name while you live, unless you. /wish to be arrested as a perjurer, You have rejected me and claimed that other creature over and over sgain, and I, for one, believe you. 3! ammo-more yourdanghter than you are mine.' ' ' Oo*ra Lander, sre you craay or a fiend to say this t cried the woman, appalled by an audacity she had never dreamed of before. *£ am simply in earnest madam,' 'Madam! and we alone!' * If o child can be sore of its parentage. We most take the word of some one. A mother's word is held as the most Bacred evidence. Thai yon. have given, society has accepted it. The Probate Court lias accepted it. I accept it. Tne thing is de cide^L' *Bufcifcwas not true— the falsehood -was of your own cotoferiviog, wicked, wicked girl!' cried the astoniahed woman. 'FeJjwnowl! I will ^ot permit you or any one ig use #uch language, to me. I had long been troubled with suspicions, and did what I could fo get at the ieoth. It came from yosr &U;& 'fce&rt; jrfth A pang, I dare say; but it Was truth, neverthelena. *Cora Jjander^ this Is too much ! Ate 70a my child »r* demon ?' J I WboU wrfamlr ratW bea^d«notit fcan Jtej^ass w Jb&axrl; ^JGiratee/ senses. Was that creature really her cbiidf ? ?? ??? .??'?[??; * Do not go too far,' she said, standing up with' some of Cora's own stony resolution, in her face. {H you treat me in' ttiis way, iio help me Heaven, I WiH retract and esspose everything 1' ^ ' : ; 'Do,' answered the wicked girl. 'Try that, and so surely as we both live, I WjH ground a charge of insanity on that very confession, and shut you up in a mad house. Remember, madam, it was your lips that first proclaimed the fact that insanity was a family inheritance on your side of the house— that it had already appeared in your daughter, the young woman who has driven me 'out of iny own house hy heft crazy vagaries. What is more natural than that you, my poor aunt, should give way to the malady that you assert has existed for generations among your ancestors— such ancestors ?' * Cora Lander 1* cried the wretched woman, coming out of her Amazement pale and stern 6s the bold creature who taunted her, 'be careful how you gibe at me and mine! Whatever I am, you oame of the same stock.' ? . 'That is exactly what I deny, and am prepared to deny before the face of the whole world. My mother was a Bavens worth— a nice old family, that never had a blemish, were the Bavensworths. twill not hear a word against them.' Cora smiled as she spoke, the very inso lence of her words made her lips curve. Mrs. Lander saw this, and was seized with a new idea. She came eagerly forward 'and threw her arms about the girl. \- ? Ah ! now I understand it alL You are only teasing m«- — saying all these horrid things to see if I mind them. Of course 1 did a little — who could help it ? But it is all over. Give up the money, dear, and we will have no more of these cruel jokes — they, hurt me, indeed they do. There, now kiss me.' Cora kissed that poor, quivering face with lips of ice. 'I will give you. the money aunt, of course. I have always wished to be liberal, both with you and my cousin ; but there is no joke in what I have been saying.' * Oh, how can you, child ! This is too cruel !' ? ' Cruel t no, it is a fixed truth, Aunt Lan der.' 'Aunt Lander! I will not hear that!' cried the woman, bursting into a passion of sobs. ' ' Yoa will and must,' answered Cora, in a low resolute, voice, *fbr never nn this earth will I recognise you by any other name.' ' But I will compel you,' said the desper ate Woman, in a hard whisper. * Hash 1 this white rage will make you ill. Here is the money, take it and let us be at peace.' She took the roll of notes a second time from the reticule purse still swinging from her wrist, and held it towards Mrs. Lander. ' No !' said the outraged woman, dashing the money from her, * I will perish first.' Cora picked up the money with a forced smile, and would have offered it a second time, but Mrs. Lander had left the room. . Half an, hour after this scene the widow Lander came from her room with her mourning shawl on and a thick crape veil drawn over her white face. She shivered as it an ague fit had seized upon her, and went back for her furs,' thinking, poor woman, that they might drive off the cold that was freezing her heart. But even under that thick cloak of Russian gables she shook with that inner cold which seizes upon the very life. Cora stood at the window as her mother went out, and a cloud swept over her face. With all her iron courage, she did not feel altogether secure. She then left the window and sat down near the' fire, hardening her heart ; for some natural relenting did force itself upon. her. After all, .the Woman was her mother, and had been an over-kind one all the early years ol her life ; but the crime which she had been tempted by her very affection to commit stood between them, till the girl began almost to hate the mother who knew how wicked she was. In a little time she reasoned *Our life must begin, and I want no in eumbrances^— Seymour and I are enough for each other. We must become leaders in the world; I in society, he in political life. Whatever he wants, that my husband shall have. With wealth, beauty, talent like mine, it will be easy to give him. any posi tion he may desire— I will obtain it for him— I wili subdne men and women in his behalf— when I am ready to take his name he shall soon stand highest among great men. Talent ; oh, yes, no one can question that. Thank Heaven, he has the ability to back up all my exertions to hold place with the strongest and the proudest V Foolish, vain woman ! did she not under stand that &, man. to be great must work' out aie 6Wn greatness ? That he despises the ladder erected by other hands than his own, though he may mount it to the top most round. She was thinking of ambition now* Before it had been aU love, that wild impetnbUB love, whiek is Bure to end in some other sBliish passion. 3£&n;&s; had gone by7 and her great love liad already come to this. £he thirsted noW lor her day* of mourning to be over that she might \\}6ms Jorth into the world hand in band with her husband, and as tonish it. Bttb exactly as she had prepared that exquisite home for her married life, she would burst forth upon the great world and draale it. When she Presented herself to, society as an heiress^ a bride and a beauty at the same time, it most be sur rounded with even greater splendor than she had elrefcdy secured in her secret home, tfbta ail this was arranged and her mourn ing thrown off, that home must ba enough for them both. Was Oora, in fact beginning to weary of it? Sad ike first bloom of her love gone off? Did *he find Cdttsfcartt companionship sometimes s- little oppressive? Better wdtoea might Jutfe done so without blarae, Men -worth; hwriag do»6t-j&reto; becag«jd wftu theit moctea eternaUy- like emguip bitidi* £ot*hsd flat gem* flat tif ibafcmitfd scene wfth feer mother Anywhere near «* ©slmpad -SH&ttrl; u *W*e*m6& TW *»£Ws ***-- ltttttm Wl Wtttti«a iw. J TMe wa&sotne.; hut go for a, time to her own house, leaving everyone to suppose that aunt and niece had gone up .the river together, meanwhile. : Cora went to her own house. Seymour had ^one out, his servant said, but would return sodn, he, was quite sure. Cora was ill at ease; the little drawing-room with its closed curtains and maize-colored furniture, was over-heated, and oppressed her. A certain .feeling of satiety made her turn palled from the costly things which she had deemed indispensable to her wedding. * I will hjiye them .changed,' she said. 'The same thing for ever and ever — how it tires one.' IJp the stairs, she .went into her own bed chamber ; there the heart would be less op pressed. . That day the room did not look exactly ihe same; to her. The lace curtains, falling like sifted snow over the bed, had lost their first crispness ; the silk, of a faint rose color, with -which the walls were fluted from -floor to ceiling, was beginning to fade to a dull white where the sun had touched it. The alabaster vase which stood close to her pillow was full of dead flowers. Here, too, a faint betrayal of disgust came into her face. The dead flowers made her angry — knowing how keenly she loved flowers, he might at least have kept them fresh even With his own hands. It was not much to expect in return; for oil that she had done. Hah ! womanf had it come to that ? Are you beginning vb count obligations ? Better not let your husband know it. The trouble was in Cora's heart, not in the rooms ; but she would not look there, rearing to discover something worse than dead flowers, no doubt. : Sweeping her long, black dress over the carpet, she entered that little snuggery that I have told you of. The toilet-table, was littered with ornaments just ai she had left therii. A wreath of artificial daisies hung over one of the gilded lilies, and a lace handkerchief, more than half soiled, was throst beneath, another. ' It seems like the room of a broken-down actress,' she said, looking around, bitter at heart. ' As I can flee to no other place, this shall be made tidy.' She. rung the bell, and Alice appeared, calm and quiet as ever. What did madame please to want ? ~ Why everything ; but first, she would like to see that table cleared off, tho wreath flung into the fire, and the handkerchief — that might as well be sent to the laundry. It had cost thirty dollars or so, and was worth keeping. Madame should be obeyed: if madame remembered, she had requested that the things on that table should not be disturbed. What dress would madame prefer? Madame was out of temper, and answered sharply that she did not care to change her dresa. An hour went by — another — and still Seymour did not come. This was strange. The young man had acquaintances in the city, and nothing was likely to dslay him long. It was dusk, before Cora heard his step on the gravel. She had become ner vous With anxiety, and sprang up with, a feeling of relief, followed close by a flash of resentment that he had caused her so much pain. She' stood in her bedroom window and saw him pass the fountain. He walked hnrriedly^ — wildly— like one in a dream, or like a ghost just freed from the grave j for his face was deathly white, and his eyes were full of terror. She heard Alice tell him that she Was upstairs, and listened for some exclamation of pleasure, but a single sentence 'escaped his lips, which fell upon her ear like living fire. ' Great Leavens, I hope not.' ' The blood sprang up from her heart hot as venom. She bit her lips till they grew white unde* her teeth. Now she was thoroughly angry. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 