A BU yu WCWBNT. i ( J¡<¡ " P. il.," in lix Sydney itU »/ Tuodiy.) Since th et incident of the lott children in the Vic- torian Wimmer* boah wee beaten out to thin ae to cover the whole world with a veneer of Australian interest, many greater tragedies, more thrilling events, acta of nobler heroism, worthier perseverance, and far higher quality of romance have been permitted to pass unnoticed. The last of theae and greatest in Ita appeal to the broad haman interest comee as an item of most ordinary naws from Tumut. Dropped in the daily stream which convergea from all quarters, occu- pying about the esme apace, and causing, apparently, about the same concern SH a publicans' race meeting, a shearers' spree, a' walbing up of a battery or sluicing claim, is a alary whees horror and significance exceed the tragedy of the Mignonette aa much aa the emotions of any general human group exceed, those of any individual. The story was told yesterday. It Is very brief. A woman is left in abut with five small children. Her husband is shearing at a station six miles away. The nearest neighbour lives four milca acroia the rongea. The baby becomes sick and the mother alarmed. She must get a doctor ; she muet reach her neighbour's, and sek the good man te ride into Tumut It fa nearly evening as she starts, the baby wrapped in her arms, freddy the caoablo bush lad for company, and the dog for protec- tion's sake. Poor dogl And now it ia imponible to understand what follows unless you know a little of the ranges. What picture does the word bring to you? Great blue moúntaina, cnt by gigantic cb sams, ribbed and barred with iron rock ? It ia not like that, Neither ia it like the magnificent rid tra, foreat-awathed and aoow-erowaed, which Cheviller or Bavelot hes ah own to von. You may tee a scrap of it in Johnston's picture, " Oil the Track," in the National Gallery ; just e. jorap of it-yon matt imagine all the rest Mile siter mile of the tame dreary monotony, mile-long waetea of hox foretta.all the ground beneath atrewnwith dead leaves and broken twigs ond whitened boughs ; occasionally a granite boulder'protruding, and in the depth of each hollow a patch of flat with long brown grus sod a waterhole, black and fa-tid before the rein, brown end turgid after: tracks also without and, No doubt shout the right track through the first hour. The ironbark ridge appears aa it should, and beyond it the purple head of Kosciusko, or the darkening mose af the Kiandra monntsise. Yea, they are growing dork, sad the sun is sitting ; but lt cannot be far to tho neighboar's. There are three tracks now-one to the old sawyers' camp, the other to the deserted lead. This must be the on« ; there is a fresh h one- track on it. Hurry along ! The dog bounds barking ahead and trece a 'poBsum. Freddy would like to climb and chop him ont. No time now. Baby whines so piteously, Hush, babyl Hurry, hurry! Ah J there goes the ena. The mother can feel something like certain hope passing out of her soul ss the lest yellow glare rises from the tree tops, and like eu actual blissed presence steals up tbs hilUide and away-nh, whither ? Whither, indeed ? Here are more tracks, more and more. Where should the moun- tain be, where the ironbark ridge? Th sro ore clouds rising, there is no mountain to he seen. The day ie going ; the night come«-to swift, so sad, so strange. Do you know how it comes ? I will let an- other speak, for I know I myself can never spetk ao well:-"The grotesque and distorted trees, huddled .here and Lhere together in tho gloom like whispering conspirators ; tho little open Hat« encircled by bon ld eis which seem the forgotten altars of some unholy worship; tho white, boro, snd ghastly gums gleaming momentarily amid the deeper »hsdee of the forest; tho lonely pools begirt with shivering reede, and haunted I by th« melancholy bittern ou ¡j; the rifted and draggled creek bed, which ttema violently gouged out of the lacerated earth by some si>vsge convulsion of oatore; the silent end solitary places where s few bl stied tress crowd top ether like withered witches, who, brooding on ¿orco deed of blood, have been ead. j denly stricken horror-ttiff. Riding through this night I mare landscape a whirr of wings and a harsh cry disturb yon from time to time; hideous end mocking laughter peals shove oed about you ; and hug« gray ghosts, with little red c-yc>, hop away with gigantic but noitelees bounds. You shako your bridle, the moro lengthens 1er stride, thc tree trunks rna into ono another, the leaves make ovtrbtad a continuous curtain, the esrth reels out ben eil b you like a strip of gray cloth spun by a furiously Hying loom, the air strikes your f:co sharply, tfce bush, always gray end colon rle:-f, perta before you sad closes behind you like ' a fog. You lose yourself in the prevailing indecision j of tound and colonr. Von broome drunk with the wine of the night, and, losing your individuality, sweep onward on a Hying phantom, in a lend of «badowe," But not so to the poor woman. Th* night to her bringa delation, horror, despair. Tho clouds havo covered all the stir«. The wind sighs, tobe, howls. The chatter of the 'possums ii hushed. There are no more noiiea of bouncing, startling feet. Only tho curlew shrieks loucer and louder, and the little voice st her heart moana in a lower, lower tone. The min comeB with a hija, the storm with a crash. The little boy huddles ia her skirts; the boughs croak above: the whole voice of tho forest roora. Ah, night and storm and darkne¿9, ye are wondrous cruel ! The rain falls, and fells ond penetrates ; the cruel storm is freezing her, and still the baby moans, and the little boy shivers j and sleeps, he id so tired. j She must eit still till morning. She had been told I eo. Always sit etil! and wait for the sunrise. Sunrise ! comes-toe blessed sun! How it light« the wet gum i ]saves 1 how it makes every quartz pebble sparks ! how the sweet balkara ic odours of all the ccrub blos 1 soma come out and «cent the air. Baby ia very still. 1 Open out the wet shawl and Itt the dear, the blessed , sun shine on her also. Yes, but baby wakes, and still 1 moaningly. Some mysterious pain that masters all the'mother's craft. We moat find the doctor. Come, >'raddy. No ; no breakfast. Ah, that la good, llover. It must faa that track Os, and on, and on. And how hot the eun grows; how different from the genial, the gentle best of the first low rayf. Garments are steaming, poor limbs are trembling cow, strength is waning with every step, and baby cries louder. It ie ¡ not the weil of pain, it ie a natural cry; biby ia | better-ie hungry. Sit down, poor freddy ; we will feed baby now. I know no chapter ia the history of thia world dis- closing a keener anguish than must have been endured by that mother ss she put the parched lips of her re- covering infant to her breast, and knew that the life source was dried ! I on imagine no higher oct of real strong, true, womanly heroism than the killing of the poor dog and the attempt to revive the fainting uhild with its blood. I can picture no deeper diipair than followed the failure of that true maternal effort the watching of the closing eyes, tbs stiffening limb». And now whare ie tba Australian painter who grumbles deipoudíngly that hie art ii not appreciated; or who growls that the dreary monotonous bush yields him no inspiration? Show methat poor woman with the deed child aleapcd to bet breast, the wearied boy at her ekirts, hurrying, hurrying on. There is nothing on your gsllery walls, th tra ie nothing In the galleria! of the world, to exosl the possibilities of the ecens. Show me the sentiment of the second night, when every voice, every sound because pereonlned, when. curlews calling and. night owla hooting, and hideons vermin jabbering In the tries, became eplrite, ghosts, ghouls, longing to sn steh that dead, cold burden whose lowest moan would now be »weitest muslo that human Ups could make. Ia yóor canvas of Lenore, your thrilling pretontation of Burger's ballad, horrible, ghastly, weird? There was far maro in the bush that . And what whin Freddy could walk no more, when hanger had ceased to gnaw and utter wesrinegs op preseed him ; when by the side of the waterhole Siled by the recent rein ehe laid the dead baby down and saw Freddy sink to eleep, and herself hurried on again, io ' weak, so footsore, bot so full of motherhood that ab« could not, would not, yield. On through another night, another dawn, another weary day, and in tba afternoon, more bleated sight than aver greeted woman e eyea, a blue whiff of imcke-sure alga of ioma human companionship-yes, a hut. The starving lad wearily watching and plying his gam-leaf fan about tba dead bilby has a bald and ghastly horror. I would not dwell opon it I won 14 concéntrate ail interest upon the atrong, true, suffering motherhood. I would claim for it attention-recogni- tion. I would mark the episode, not beean se it satisfies a deilre to inp full of horror, bnt beosuie it punctuate« the dull drivel of our dally life with an anneal no leia to honett admiration than to common and general . interaat. 