Novelist. PUT ASUNDER: OR LADY CASTLEMAINE'S DIVORCE. By BERTHA M. CLAY, AUTHOR OF “HIS ONE MISTAKE,” “THROWN ON THE WORLD,” “A STRUGGLE FOR A RING,” “A BITTER ATON'EMENT,” ETC. CHAPTER XII.— (Continued.) ' In name, in love, in kci!rt, but not in thoughts and opinions. It is a very diSerent thinR ; giving your. heart and Riving your mind are quite dlsfinot things. I gave you my;wbole heart, Rudolph, but I did not give yoiimy mind. I have reserved that for my eelf.' ~ , . ? — Lady Castlemaine, having the keenest -wit, nnd .Woriianliko, the quickest flow of words, generally, won the victory ; but thoy were victories which coat.ber dearly. .Each- controversy, each ' stoutly contested argument, seemed to weaken. in eomo little, degree tbe love of the man who could not en dura contradiction or opposition— who could ? not brook any idea except tboEO he had himself . :It would. not -havo mattered in. tlio least, h'ad they been lets alone ; afterafow minutes the wife would havo gone to her husband, and uaid : . '? : ? - ? ' How foolish wo ore to argue and disagree' over trifles.- What does anything matter pro vided only that wo love rach other.' ? ?\r Or the husband would'havc sought his wile, and eaid : ?' . ' ? ; _ .We will not argue, darling ; let my stron ger thoughts .' guide you, let your sweeter thoughts guide mo ;'? nothing matters but that we lovo oach other.' But this never happened, for there was someone always at .handj to fan every tiny . ppark into burning flariie, to irritate, to annoy, to deepen every bad impression. ? Always at band whenever one cf these little discussions occurred, and fewdays passed wi th- but them, {she noted with quick, keen ears all that was said, and; sho knew exactly how to {an tbo firs. V-. ' Lord Ca9tleriiaine would go to' his favourite seat, tbe great w.indow-eeat in the library, or out on tho Eontlic-rn terrace, from where ono could Eea'thc shining blue sea, and. take a cigar to console himself. So sure an he lighted it, he would find the beautiful face and figure of Isabel by his side. 'I must try to convert, Gsjrtrude to your way of thinking,' Bha would begin ; and theri a feeling of irritation rose in his. heart that even a.sbadow oould lie between himEeU and his young wife. ; ,'?''. : — ; ' ' ; ' I will convert her myeelf,' hp would answer, proudly. .. .7 '. Then Isabel would shake her head. 'I do: not knaw ; I am not sure that you will.' Bhe would eay, . doubtfully, and that ; irritated Him tho more. : Then sha-would eeek her other viotim, and would kiss the beautiful face, and-say, laugh ingly ; - ' ? ? ' .. N ' ?? You msst not-give; in to that husband of '.yours, Gertrude; he has great ideas of his own authority.' ,' '?!. ? ' .Far too great,': she would replyL laugh ingly. 'He wants three years' apprentice ship to a class of strong-minded women. I fear that even I am too meek for him.'' ' You mtist not givo way to bim, or you \ will entirely lOEe your own individua'ity, 'eaid 'Isabel.. ' ? 'I shall.riever do thnt,' said Lady Castle . maine, proudly; and although she loved her husband with all her heart, there was always a' sense of angry irritation left after ono of these conversations. ? ' It was a web of another kfnd that Isabel ...' Hydowns weavingnow. It-was n\oro_ suc cessful than tho first. Then Bhe had tried to weavo the. web of loveroHnd the heart ol. ono; ' man; nom she~tried to weave the web of hate' .over two hearts that, bat for lier, -could nevier ;hsivo been disunited., .' .. . She laughed at times with a wicked aeneo ol victory, and at times Bho wept.doBpair ing ol Buecesa; But, day by day, the web : Brew longer, and stronger, and less' liablo to. break. , v ; ? .-'.'-v. CHiP^EB XIV. ^ .'lat US KOT 1HX0 T^ilPIATION.' - ?? '? ;It is a terrible thing tothrow one's self wil ;% fclly into tho' way of temptation, as Isabel . that she loved' :%r' jiord Oastleiriaine,' Bho should have liept ;tho ' ? breadth of tho world between;, hetrelf and ? ; - liim, but in her reckleB3'deEire_for vengoancQ *. _^in her' mfld, paeBionato desiro to fulfil her' . . vow, the forgot' or utterly ignored tho danger .arid the temptation :f Or' hereelf. ; „ ? 1 She bad'Biveii.'nnBOuijhf and. unaskef; the . - 'wbolo paseionatc love of her heart to Lord ? ;&(!tlem&ine.;'. 8iie had chafed;- With irisano j hate tho beatitiful girl who. had, as she con : ' Bidcred. taKen .his love from 'her. ' She had I ,-:: VoluntariIy.placed herself ; Under their roof_ ';t or the' ru- pOM ; of seeking ; vengeance.- But . ''nnutterablepain herself;- . ?' 'Every kind 'and loving .word, '.thBt Lord ''? '(Jaetlemaine addtCBepd to his.'wife was libe a \- flword in' ^ierVbeart.' ,;Shb would grow; cold, ,;.;«Iok,!andfairitwh6n8hesawhi8B'eatBolioi ; :i tude, hia' care' and'attention, for her. . 'Her ''heart Jbrirned with' jsitously and envy. ' ^ - 'Hi ''v There 'oame a morniog when' a damp, cold | f^Wind'seemed'toB'weep'the'warmth^away: 'S ' the BtmoaphereTwas cIl damp,.tho skica'grey '' «nd lovferrrig; 'th0'Btin'';liad.s0t ia sullen dls-: ? content for lhe d&y;, and Lord Cft9tlemaina . s#Hr:hl» wife,' wrapped in hot oostly fuM.l ?goUift but. leabol was with'her. ?' * QextruSe, whew *xe yon going V w»b bit Sift qu^tlotu J-/ ' ;': j : ' . ' lam going to Ilcdmoss,' was the prompt and clioerful reply. - , ItadmoBS was the nearest town to Month Abbey — a bright, pleasant town by tho .aw. 'To Redmosii I' he repeated. : ' AVitlr whom aro you going darling ?' ' With Isabel, ' slio replied. 'How ore yau going? I hopo yon have ordered tlio brougham?' ' O i, It'jdolpli, what n string of questional No. I have-not; wo aro going to walk.' Tho* converjation took placo in thB great entranoe hall, where LordrCastlamaine mot the two ladies. ' Hi went up to bin wife, and laid his hand on tho fr.r sheen of her jacket, — a migisifi-ent fur for which' ha had given a fabulous price— one.ol his wedding presents to her. - V i'This -is warm,' he Baidr' but, Gartrnde, darling, it cannot shut ont tbe damp. You must, breathn the damp air, in spite of your .worm furs. Do not go out ; or if you will go, ? order tlio brougham.' ? Bho cried out impatiently that it would not . : hurt her, that she had often been out in tho ?damp, and would have no earriagfi. ~- 'You mako mo feel likb n delicate old. woman when you fidget about ma' in -that way.' ? ' She looked up at him with a Emito es sho spoke, but there whi Bome little sign of irri tation. . ; . - \- Isabel Hyde stood by, a silent spectator; each word, so exj'.rosBivo.of hia tender oolioi tudn for her beaulifril rival, pierced her heart. ' I will not bo an old weman jet,' repeated Gertrude. ? ' I like joa to go out in tbo frost,' said Lord Oastlcmoins ; ' that hurts no one. But' damp air ia quito another thing.' : - ?' Ob, Eiidolph,' cried Lady Cjstlcmairie, ' you will make mo impatient.' 'It is not an old woman you resemble,' said L?rd Castlemaine. 'It ia n beautiful white rose.-' Now I ask you, Gertrude, how could a fragile white rosolive in this miserable damp?' ' . ' Thero flashed upon bim the light of two beautiful dark eyca, in which love, pain, scorn, arid dispr-ir wero all told. , ' la all your care or solioitude for white rosea ?:' asked Isabel Hyde ; ' have red rosea nothing to fear?' 'If yon talto my advice you mil npt go,' be said, slowly, 'I do not think it is a fit ting day ior any lady to go out.' : ' Still,'. Bhe continued, ' you would, not have remonstrated if you had seen me going aloiac.' Ha looked at her somewhat wonderingly, knowing nothing of tbe storm of jealousy that rent her heart in twain. . 'Well,' ho roplied, 'you see, Miss Hyde, it ia not tha same thing. ° I -might have advised you, but I could not interfere with you.' ' I may go out and get kiUefl with tne damp, and you would not say ono word to 'me,'.' cried Isabel. ' Forgive me, but how very impetuous yon ladies are,' he said. ' I have displeased yon, Isabel, and half offended Gertrude; yet lean not imagine why.' ' You are over solicitous for me,' said Lady ?Castlemaine.. . ' 'You are not Eolicitious enough for me,' cried Isabel Hyde, and then seeing the startled look in his eyes, Bho began to laugh, but no woman ever laughed with suoh an effort be: fore; her jealousy had for the time carried her beyond herself. All that loving caro and solioitude for Gertrude— -the wind must not. blow too roughly on her, the damp must not' como near ber ; bat what did hocaro for lurt He was 09 anxious and solioitious about Ger trude that he did not Eeem lo'notiea whether eho were going out or not. But the wSnder in his eyes oalled her to hersolf. What right had ahe to show any jealousy of another woman'B husband. She laughed, but there was little music in the laugh. ' While so much care and BplicUudo are to be had,' eho Baid, ' I may as well olaim a share.'' . ' You will always have it from me,' said Lady' Castlemaine ; 'I strongly advise you not to walkout this damp, unhealthy day.' He looked at her kindly, and sho felt that to have that senBe of loving caro always over her she would give her life itself. '.'I shall go,' Baid Lady- Castlemaine,' 'damp ,or;not damp, I have determined. to go to Rsdmoss, and go I will.' ' I will not,' Baid Isabel Hyde. ' Lord Castlemaino is quit'o right, the day ia against us.' : After those fow Itinu words, ana tnat Kind look, Gertrude could not have opposed him, so a compromise was mado and a carriage ordered. ' The incident, trifling as it was, helped Isabel to weave a few moro threads in that strong subiilo web ot hers. Bho took Lady Castlemaino to task in a fashion , quito her own. That afternoon as they lingered in the warm cozy boudoir, over a oup of delioious tea, Bho commenced her vattaek. ; . - ? ' Gertrude,' she said, 'you do.not under stand your husband.' ' ?? N Jt understand him j' oried tidy.Clstle. 'miiup1. ' 1 big your pardon, 'I am quite siiro th«t I do.' 1 . . Inobsl Uyde shook lisr beautiful head/ - N.i, 'my dear; you do not. I really be lieve, ' she added, eoaiowbat imprudently, that I ishmild. understand him, in lime, batter than you do.' . ? No jmlousy Btirred Lady Oastlethaine's heart ; fihe only thought that Isabel was a lit'tU too outopokon ; still she would like to know whalf' was meant. _. ' Wbat do you mean, Isabel?' Bhe asked, gravely. : . 'Njthing to 'make n tragedy about,' Bhe replied. 'I was tbioking of this morning, f was. bo slruok by his care and solicitude over you, and you grow impatient with him.' . 'I am r.c.t vtry iuipatieat,' said Gertrude, witha sndden contriiian, 'I own it, but I ,'iannot endure to bo .fussed over and watehed,: Yuu aro right, Isabil. ' I was, as you eay, iaipitient without cause.' . ' . . : ' I kno,'v at once that it. was his oare for you that made him persist,' continued Isabel. ' I havo often noticed that when ho tries best to please you, you understand him tbe least.' ~ L «Iy C istleraain-) ciuld not explain, Oven to herself, bat' something in that moment seemed to rise, like a shadow, between her husbandand heredf. It was not jealousy ; as yet that fatal amUterriblo passion had not asvoke in licr heart. It was on intangible Homething— a. shadow ; and, the clearest idea she had after the interview wg?, that Bhtjdii not. really understand her husband; and that other.people could read his character better than she could., -y ? . j ' .- .' She felt further away frofnhitn that day ' than she had since. they were' married, v It 'was a miserable day fo Isabel ; elie had ' voluntarily pla'ced herself '. in temptation, yet sho oould not endure to eee Lord Castlo maine's passionate love for.his wife. . ' :Oebe, as 'Bhe, was standiug oh tho grand staircase, waiting for something that: her maid had gone to find, aba saw husband arid ? wife meet quite uo'aidentally in tho hall. ; It ?was in tlio Bhadow of the winter afternoon, before the: lamps- ware lighted. ;Shc heard ;Lord..Ojstlpmainq:Bay,:'Gertfudej darling, ie that-you ?' ; She hoard the gently murmured ' Yes/' Love alonii uses suoh tones. Then slie'siw him olssp: hia w'.f a yiri Ihis arm?, nnd .jover her faco with kisses. - ' My- datling,'niy , beautiful wife. I Bhalljoome ahd.haye-,o'up, of -tea. with yoti.' ? . ? ' j ?; Isabel turned away, utterly unable to bear it: If by one- wish, if:by' raising.'her linger, sho could bave'atruok the white-rose beauty !rom.G?rtrttde'« f»5c, sho would have d?no it. In her pn3ei6nato, jbalous rage, oho oould. have struck doad tlio man sbo loved. ; ' L;ad us not into temptation 1' Tho words cahio to her like faint fonnds threuih a mist. In her heart— that jealous; deapur mg heart, lull ot'love forn man who had never loved her— sho feli capable, in that moment, of any onrae ; sho could have idain that fair young wifo ; she could havo nlain tna man whose dark, handsome face had lured her to: her doom. ? She turned away. Death would have not havo been bo bitter as the pain that rent her heart. ; An hour afterwards, when Isabel Hyde wont.'as was her custom, to the ft'arm, 007.J boudoir whoro tlio ? tea awaited her, Lidy Oasllumsi/jo looked at her in wonder. ' ' Isabel,'' ;Eho cried ' how ill you look ! Youhavo lost all your beautiful colour. You deserve to loso your, niimo ; you aro not atall like a Red Hose— and you are trembling,' ac tually trembling.' 'I do not seo nnything wondoiful in that, Gcrtrudo ; any one might tremble od a cold December afternoon.'! : / ; I will give yon somo hot tea,' said Lidy Ca'.tlemaine. ? ' Hudolph eaid he would join us.' '? ?' He came, looking so handsome, so bravo, bo kind, and his eyes wero so full of admira tion and Jovo for his wifo, that Isabel could hardly bear it.. . ; ' . - . ' Lead us not into' temptation I ' Yet she had eom9 there purposely to-be tempted her eelf, and to tempt others. _ ' ' . That dark winter afternoon, as she watobed guileless, innocent love, tbe simple happiness of husband and wife, Bhe repeated heir vow. She would part them ; como what mi^hi;, cost what it would, sho would pert them, for ever and aye. ' ' But how was it to be done ? Spirits of envy and hate help and aid her I How was it to, be dono? . - CHAPTER XV. ' - THE KIK0S AUD QUEENS OP ENGLAND. The Christmas week was ended, yet nono of the guests felt inclined to leave Neath. The holiday had been bo pleasant— overy variety of old English sport and pastime had' been in requisition — charade parties; balls, -private theatrioals; thoy had almost: turned nigUt into day; yet, tho'day wsb not ions enough. ' It waa a timo never to b3 forgotten by those who enjoyed it. Lady Castlemaine and Miss Hyde wero the two queen's ; Lsdy Castlemaine young, beautiful, Bitted With high spirits, al ways bright, always ready to enjoy everything to its ralieat extent, waa tho leader of the revel?, Isabel Hyde, beautiful and graceful, too ; followed her lead, and no ono know of tin shadow of tragedy thafhung over her, or o^ her terrible vow. . 'I have been eo happy here,' she said, one morning, 'that I shall not like going away.' ?' You need not go away ; stay until the end of January; I Bhall be. delighted, aud I ato sure Budolph will.' .. .Her hcar't ached. just a litllo at her own; treaohery ; the fair' face looked bo emilitiglj into hers; the blue eyes were so clear am' guileless; the invitation had been bo cordially given. Yet sho knew that her only obj;ct in stopping with thom was,' that she might worli 'her cruel will and part them. Good impulse* oamo to her at times and pleaded ior thorn pleaded to lier.to go awsy and leave them— to put Lord Castlemaino out of her life— to be true to the beautiful woman whom she called friend. . .. What harm had they done to her?' Lidy Castlemaine had hot taken her love -frora her by treachery; neither had tbe esrl been her lover, for tbo lovo was all oh her sido, not on his: he had never even.been oonsbious of it. Thero were times even now when she almost wished that she had let bim. eee: how' much she . loved ^him ; end yet Bhe would have lowered her own self-respect, and lowered it in vain, for from the moment he beheld Ger trudo he had neither eyeB nor ears for any one else. ' I do not think,' eho said to hersolf, bit terly, 'that if I had gone on my .'knec-s to him, to pray of him to marry mo ; that if I had been as beautiful as Venuo, and deseendc-d liko a queen, that he woDld hava married me.' . There wero times when she gave herself up to wondering over tho strange problems of life; as to why it was thit she,;.who oould have been bo happy, should find tho whole .world so dark and dreary becauee the lovo oi her life was given to ono who. did not love her. She nGver reminded herself that it was ber own fault— that ehe had voluntarily and yilifully encouragcd that lovo to grow in her heart, knowing it to bo useless; that sho had given freo rein to a passion that should havo been crushed at the first. She blamed Pro vidence, circumstances, fnte, chance— any and everything, except herself. '?..01 all the impulses that oamo to her, of all. the good thoughts and the bad thoughts, nono were strong enough to cause-hereto falter in her ' purpose. Her purpoeo in life was to separate husband and wife— to kill tho great love that Llay between them, and put hate in its p!a;e,. She worked psrseveringly and' industri 'ously ;. Ehe never allowed the Elightest change to pass, v '' ,If she could possibly make L jrd - Castle maine -impatient with: his wife, if aho could irritate bim against ? her, if she could rouse obstinato self-will that was so strong within him, Bhe would be happy. ,. If, by some laughing- taunt, some sharp, cynioal remark, eho could rouse Gertrude's pride against her husband, she felt one degree nearer victory. Yet it waa all done with suoh sliill, Buoh craft, auoh subtlery that it was impossible for her to be detected. She never lost ono chan'oo. ? v. One morning Lord and Lady Castlemaine, . Mis3 Hyde, and eevoral other visitors, wero together and wero discussing tableaux vivants for tho cyenitix. _'Let us havo one tableau from that most .picturesque period of Eoglish history, the reign of Henry the Eighth,' Baid Lady Oistlo maine. Sho turned to her husband with a smile, 'Whioh of all King Henry's wives do you prefer?'.' she asked. He was eilent for a fow'minutc-a, thou ho replied : . .. . . '? ' Catharine of Aragon,' 'And I,' alio said, ' prefer AnntrBoleyn. I do riot beliove any of -the Bbandals about her. Sho was a beautiful, unhappy woman. Anno Boleyn is ono of my -lavorito heroines in history.'. 'There is ouo thing about her that I can never understand,' said Isabel-Hyde, ' arid it is, how the king oould hate her so deeply after-loving her so much;' 'Thero you .touch upon a- strange meta physical-question,' eaid Lord CaBtlemaino. 'It; is said that love turned to hate is tho moBt bitter hato of all.' ?. ' 'I cannot imagino hating any ono who has been dearly loved,' ' cricd Lady * Castle- - maine. ; ? ; , ' I can,' iriterrupted Iaabol. V I agree with L'ord Castlemaino ; love turned to hato is the iriost bitter hato of all.' '? You remomber,' said Lord Castiemaine,' ' that most expf essive lino : .' Hell knows no fa'ry h'ke a woman scorned.' : - ' He spoke quite unoonsaiouEly,- not thinking at all ot UisB Hyde. . But sho gave ;him -one glance— it eaid ao muoh that it any. ono had .interpreted it, that person musli hava under-' Btood the position at a glance. ' ; ' . ? ?. T' Love turned toTiate,' sigh'edLady Castle mairie ;' 'tho idea is a very povrorful orio. I. ! wonder it thero is muoh wasted love in the ?:Wodir v.'';,.-.'; 'L 'Yen,' said Isabel Hydo, brlofly, ' yon may 1 \- bo quite inie of that.' ? . - ?' Yon must rend Evangeline,' said Lord Castlemaine, and seo what-Longfcllow nays about wasted tfloctions. Ho declares that nffeotiDn never u wsBtcd.' ? ' I.do not believe,' said Isabel Hyde, ' that ho could prove hia words. But wc are goinn a long way from Anno Boleyn. You would like .1 pioturo from that most troubled time, Lord Castlemaino?1' ' Yc?,' ho eaid ;.' I havo often thought how interesting a series 'of historical tableaux would. bo— ono taken from oach reigu. It worild bo interesting nnd amusing.' . - ' f You would,bo King Henry,' said Isabel ; . 'but. Lord Castlemaino, you do riot look the part. King Henry woo fair, and florid, arid stout ; you are dark, and— and— I was Going to add, handsome;, but I must not say that. Sbe added in her own miud that he had iodeed the grand, daik beauty that pic tures give to Spanish kings, and her eyes told her thoughts plainly. -? .... 'If wo have that tableaux,' said Lady: CaBtlemaino, ' I should liko to b3 Aime.Boleyn am euro_ I oould net' n character thai ia familiar to mo, nnd-ona that I liko.' - ' And I,' said Miss Hyde, ' should liko to bo Catherine of irragon.' ' She was old and plain,' interrupted Lady Castlemaino. - : 'She was his ict'/b,' roplied Isabel; 'he loved her iirat and best; hs loved her well' and faithfully— for bow many years?' 'He loved Anno Boleyn more; in tbo few years of his wooing and his marriage, thaiihe did Catherine, spreading his Jovo over all tho'Eo. years.' . \- ' I wonder,' said Isabel, V which of his wives ho really loved tho best. 'Each ono seemed to hava separate and different oharao-; teristies. Cathetirie was 'every inch a queen,' a royal lady, true to God, and to duty. What she must have suffered : when she found her husband's love going from her to one so young and beautiful as Anne— tbo tortures of jealousy, tlio fear, and tlio doubts. I should say that no woman ever suffered more.' ' ' I /iop« not,' eaid Lord Castlemaine. ' Then,' continued Isabel, : ' comes your favourite, Lady Castlemaine. Her ono oharacteristio Beema to have been her :bright,' wonderful beauty—her laughing,, coquettish nature. But what a short- lived triumph 1 While the king wooed Jane Seymour,, how she must have suffered in her turn all tha agoriies that efie inflicted on Catherine 1' ' Jane SeyiriourmuBt have been very beauti ful,' said Lady Castlemaine. . ' She was young, fresh, arid fair, history sayB. I should think she was shrewd and calculating. She had eeeu a queen deposed to make room for Aune Boleyn, . and sbe re solved that Anne should be deposed for her* I do not think that I care mush for her; n colourless oharactef, I think.' . MThen comc3 a oharaoter whom no. one loves— a oharactcr without romdnce or poetry —Anno of Cleves. I have often wondered whore Cleves is.' ' Sbo walked in arid walked out of history,' laughed Isabel Hyde. 'Then comes a wife for whom I have always felt greatest eorrow, sympathy, and pity— that pretty, wilful ohild, Catherine Howard ; she woo but' a ohild. I was reading somewhere, the othor day, that the night before her oxeoution her cries .were eo terrible and eo appalling, that strong, men . who heard, them trembled., ' I wonder,'? oried Lady. Castlemaine, ' that, tho whole .nation did not rise up to a man and tear tho monster from the. throne. That is the most woriderful part p_f his history to me— that ho .was. allowed to live.' ?'*.- ' Tbcri comes tho last wife of all, Citherine Parr. I always think of her as a mothorly; woman, dressed in gray or broivri, and muoh given to Eerions reading.' . . ' i'erliaps on his death-bed,' Baid Lidy Castlemaino, lie saw tho ghosts of-h'is dead wivei— Citherine, whom.he tortured to death by breaking her heart ;' poor, murdered Ann's . Boleyn ; Catherine Howard, slain in her early youth; Jino Seymour, whom ho' forgot as' soon as sho was dead. Now, 'whioli of these wives did ho love best ?'. ' ., ' Catharine of- Arragon— there oan be no doubt of it,', said Lord Castlernaica. ' S/ie was the love of hia life— they were but tho loves of an hour.' Do you think a man ever has two loves in his lifa?' asked Isabel Hyde; and she looked with a clear, straight glance into the carl's eje3. .. ? . V. - 'No,' was the prompt. reply; 'every man has one love that is above alt others, and which is ricver repsated ; ' and he, in his turu, look iog at his beautiful young wife, Eeemcd to ?ay, Sueh'lovo as is mine for you.' -. ? This did riot please Isabel, who could read his thoughts as plainlj as she could hoar tho outspoken words of others. Sho turned tlio eon vcrsatiori.back to its own channel. ' I wonder,' eho said, Blowly, ' what pooplo would do in these days if an English king 6e .'haved in suoh a way.' .... ? iThoy would give him short shrift,', said Lord Castlemaine, quiokly. - ' EnElishmen, in these days would not sl3nd by in eilence, while a young and beauti ful qneeri wa3 beheaded, '''-eaid Lidy Castle maine; ' People would soon begin to want to know mora of the divine right of binge.' ' If wo have the tableau,' interrupted Isabel Hyde, promise riie that I Eh&U;'be the wifo the king loved best, Catharine of Aragon.' ? \- 'I will Beo to that,', laughed Lord Castlo maine ; and Lady Castlemaine Emiled as she Baid: ? . - '1 ' 'If the poor Queen Catherine had been orio half so fair as you, there would have been no Anne Boleyn. ? . ' CHAPTER XVI. \- -inE KIVAIi QUEENS. .'? Never had the grand old abbey of Neath j been filled by su.ch a crowd as that assembled there during tho first .week . of the now year. It was a dream of fairy-land, a dream of delight. . . . Tho night that every one epjoyed the. most van tho ono devoted to tableaux vivants. It was tho crown of all ^ other festivities. The old abbey was brightly illuminated. Tho light - from the numerous windows streamed out iu . great ruddy floods on the . whits; hard .ground.: -Tho lights wcro~ so brilliant that they could be Been far away. Tho abboy was or(iwdcd with guosts from far and near; the neighboura-who:had driven there oaring little for the cold qf the winter's night, caring littlo-for the frost and the enow. Eutnor had blon busy, ' and muoh had beon eaid'about the beauty and magnificence of the tableaux, of the rare, loveliness of the ladies who had to take part in them.'' Not an invi- . tation was refueed, despite tho disadvantage of wind and weather. : '1 \- ; The tableaux were to be held in what was once a magnificent banqueting room, in tba. days^when the Costlemainea^ '. entertained* the Mngs and queens ? of .England; A riiore: ! modern and Bmaller dining room had' long I since been built, 'and tho old , banquet-hall J was used as a ball-room or for private theatrioals. . v. It was an invaluable room at Cbrultnas time, for it would hold half the residents ot the county. Such a room to dance in j There was no other liko ' it. But to- night it presents distinctive features. There is a stage, with orimsori.curtnirisbofore it, row'dfter row;' 01\. ciSy^ohairs and velve^covcrod banchea';, there aro magnificent decorations ot flowers arid: Christmas- evergreens.; .the great ohan deliera #ro filled withiwiix. tapers, and, the: light, though brilliant, ia soft nnd ?pearly.' Such an audience was gathered together all; the aristocraoy for mileB arcurid. .Half tho ? county —was ' ; -. there— young 'and pretty ' girls, fair ; and boiinid matrons, hus bands and bods. It was, indeed, a brilliant gathering. ? ': ; - Lady. Castlemaine rooeived her guests, then I went away to prepare for the tableaux. She: I was, as usual, tho most bo&utifnl; and graceful -hostess, who bad a emilo and kind word for 1 ??all. . ?'-...?' ' ??:? ? ? :Every ono agreed that the anangemcnti wero most perfect ; nothing could have beer ?better. What a lovely mixture of choice hot Iiouec flowers and evergreens I The Btago wai as largo as that of any theatro. Tlw seats wero all bo comfortable and «? well arranged, thero was nothing but prciEt and admiring oommentj. . ' Lidy Oastlemainb looked especially lovel;, on that occasion. Sh'o wore a superb dres' of white satin, Exquisitely trimmed : witi ?sprays of mistletoe. Sho wore the fomoii - Castlemoine diamoedfl, and in the land the; wore none finer ; she looked regal and beauti ful, and all eyes followod her admiringly. . The series of tableaux lad been most beauti fully arranged ; no expense and no trouble hp.' bceu ppared. Tho first was from Millai '_L:s Iluguenota,' that most pathetio of al piotures, where the Catholic maiden iippkro ? her Protestant lover to tie tho white han? kerchief round his arm, that he may be saver from the maseacre ; but ho will not, not eve) to savo.his.own lifo will lie wear for or. moment: tho emblem of a. faith which hi roorrie. ; -At first Lord Castlemaino and Isabel lir./ been called upon to- take the two cbiracUr. but at the rehearsals it was deoided thai Isabel was too -dark, that the girl cheruld ? represented by ono who contrasted with- him. one who was very fair and had golden hair— Lady Castlemaine.' - Every one proncuncci' it to be a perfect picturo— the fair comelincs- of the girl contrasting with tho dark, prou* beauty of the man ; tho imploring, beseeobinj 'prayer on ber face, the grim resolve on bis. .. It was a lovely picture ; and when the cut-. ? tain fell thero was great applause. ... Lady Castlemaino trembled. . 'Rudolph,' ehe said, 'I did not kno' ;' that one's whole soul went into tbeso pie tures ; mine did. Itudolpb, if you had beei that Huguenot lover, you would have let 111' tie the Eoarf round, your arm, would yoi not?' He ojught her in his arms just for or-r moment, and kissed her with denperato par Eion. ? ' ' I'would havo done mnoli for you, darling.' lie eaid. 'I am not sure, though, whethei Icou'.d havo done that.' . ; ' I would have mado you,' she said. ? Sho raised her fair face to his and hisset him. There oould. bo no mistake about tbi' passionate love that husband and wifs hud for eaoh other. Isabel's vow was not near its fulfillment yet. - Then followed a scone from 'PauBt and ..Marguerite,' beautifully arranged and highly : applauded, whioh was followed by a picture from ' The Lady of Lyono' — Claude Melnotto and Pauline. Paulino was one of tha young lady visitors. Then oame the four tableaux that Lord Castlemaine had arranged, and which many had como especially to Eee. The first was ' .ICuig Henry tho Eighth and his wifo, Catha- . rine of 'Arragon. He wore his royal robes, and a magnificent king ho made. Queen Catharine, in a superb dress of velvet and ermine, a orown of diamonds on her dark hair, stood by. his. side. He was. seated ; Bhe 'stood, with one hand on his. shoulder, aa though pleading with' him. .- Every inoh a queen I' In her whole life Isabel Hyde had never looked bo royal, bo beautiful I Her dress suited her to perfection ; tho sweeping velvet, the rioh ermine, the royal crown. ' ~ Art epuld not have lent' that rapt,- loving expression to_ her face. Her eyeB, as they res ted on tha king, were luminous with -love ; expressed wifely devotion, womanly- tender ness, passionate lovo ; and yot,. although they said eo much, they did not . tell one-balf of what. lay in her. heart. ? A beautiful picture, intended to represent the home-lifo of tho King and Queen Catherine. ? ' ' ' Much to young for the part,' was the general comment ; ' but howmost exquisitely beautiful 1 What a face I what a figure I' ' But the praise arid, the homage were less than nothing to her ; all she cared to see was pno flash of admiration and lova in the ayes ot Lord Castlemaine. . She did not see it, and her own grew the brighter for their wistful longing. The curtains fell amid loud and' sincero applauEe. Before any one had time to oome upon the stage, Isabel turned to leave,' with a quick flaEh ot her dark eyes, ' You Bhould try to look' as though you loved me, at least when wo aro on the stage together,' Bhe Eaid ; and before he oould givo her an answer sho was gone. ' ? » Tha true meaning ot her .words did not strike him ; eho was not quito liko the ordi nary run of young ladies, and ho must .make allowances. Hs laughed as alio disappeared, but he would not havo laughed had he known what was in her heart. Then oame: a boautitul picturo. A story ia told in legend, not in history, how Queen Catherine, going suddenly into her drawing room, found the king on his knees before Anno Boleyn.' . Neither ot them know of her entrance, and the king went on with his passionate, loving words. : .' . Thi3 was. tho sccond tableau of the eerie? ; some thought it the most -beautiful ; tho kneel ing king with all the passion of his heart and: soul In bis face ; Anne Boleyn with the light full on iier lovely features, on her fair hair, her gleaming jewels and picturesque dress — the expreseion of her faoo so sweet, bo yield ing, eo loving. ... There stood the anjpry queeri, and, for once in her lifcj' Isabel Hyde allowed her whole nature to speak in her face. Passionate love, paesionato anger, passionate doepairswere all there. A face that was at once beautiful, yet' terrible; tlic love of a life-time, the love that would neither count cost nor crimo was thero ; there also was the passionate tfcger, rage, and despair, more bitter than death;. . A silence that was .mora impressivo than applause followed. The terrible passion on that dark, tragio faco could not so soon be ohaltcn off. . . Tho third tableaux was taken -from 'the scene known in- history, where Anno Boleyn, then reigning queen, finds tho king embracing Jane Seymour, aud knows— poor, hapless lady 1- - that her doom is* sealed. ;Indy Castlemaine commanded -universal; attention ; there -was tbe samo expression in her face that impressed ihe audiencc.in Queen Catherine's passionate love and despair. The fourth, and last tableaux was tho beautiful aud hapless Anne iri her cell the ..night 'before her execution— a picture of uu-. speakable loveliness and pathos. ,The queen, in a long whits robe, her hair lying like a veil over her shoulders, kneeling before a table, on which rosted the portrait of tho Iiirig. Was she thinking cf his wild pursuit of her, of his - ardent love, of hia worship ot her beauty ? How often tho beautiful head that to-morrow would lio low in tho duet had been pillowed on his breast 1 Was Bho wondering to herself how he could slay her, when hs had loved her so well? . : - Those who saw tho ^picture never forget it. When the curtains fell, and Lady Castlemaino rose from' her knew, sho was pale and. tremb- ling.;' . -?-,? . '.Rudolph,' eho- cried, ' a- shadow has fallen over me. I wish I had not joined in - these tableaux. I am not Anno Boleyn, lam Gertrude Castlemaide. - You; would, not slay ? me, even if I did more than people Bay she, did? You would forgive mo and lovo irie; always, to tho end?- Seo how ray hands trcirible, ? and my heart has grown - sold. Nothing could part us, oould it, Rudolph?;' ' NO, my darling,' he replied, kisting the pale, beautiful face. V You have tired your self. I will bring you a glass ol olrnm. pagoo,' ? She drank it, but tho oolour did not como I back to her face. , ' V I cannot think,' she said, ' what is the I matter .with me. As I knelt thero sneli a strange feeling ciroc over me, as though what I was doing tbcu was sonic faiut foreshadow ing of what somo day or other would happen tome. ' - , IIo kwecd the sweet lips, tbnt trembled still. 'Rudolph.' fche cried, 'do you think I, shall. ever kneel befora vour pictured face, with my heart broken at loo.-iog yon?'. ; ' No,' ho eaid. ' Gorlrude darling, I will never have another tableaux in the houso if they -? fleet you in this fashion.' Then Isabel Chmo to thsibi ' Wc are not .only rival roses,' she said, laughingly, 'but wo aro rival queen'p, Ger triidi'.' ' / . Gertrude has m»do herself ill hy giving, ber whole heart.lo (he rerformanoes.' .- « I nm quito sure,' said Lidy Oiistlemaitie,' 1 that I thall fed. ell night, as though the ic^ffjld was waiting for rue in tho morn ing-' . - And although sbe did her . boEt, , that fetdin; remained with her during the rest of that bijl liant evening. 'I wsnt to f^iealc jist one wcrd to yon, Lord CaEtlcmaine, betore~you give up your kingship. ' Tell me once again, that I may re member, which 'of thsac wives of yours did yoa - l.ovo best ?'' - [sabs' lind met bim, as it seemed, quito by . accident m ;no narrow passage leading to the drosBing-room — 111st him arid etood still h: ferc him, holding l,is eyes, as it were, with her own, while eho ar.kcd him the question. Ho was half startled for ono minute, then heanswertd: , Catharine, to ba.sure.' ' Tbe n I am glad I was Catharino- sliAted, despised, and repudiated as sho was, I am ' ;lad that I wa3 Catharine. I have been q'lecn to yonr king— I thall remember tha!.' . A vague thought (hat the ladies, Banie of them, must be em the point cf insanity, cisat over Lira Castlemaine's mind, but 'ho dis missed it. was clever- and keeu, and the ?drar.ge thing was that ho had no idee, r.o 'he faintest tnspicion, that Isabel Hyds wa% or had been in lovo with him. . ' CIIil'TEil XVU. . Till: OF COD. Most young married people' tal-e some time to 'understand ctch other, -to fall into coch other's'; ways, 'to l.-arn to fortbesr, to bt patient with each other's faults. Ljrd' anr Lidy CAStlecifiine v.ere no exefption to the cc-neral lule. Tl.i'yhad difftrenees of opinion. Tbe hu.bar.d, altkcugh ho spoke at times im patiently to his wife, loved her passionately. L-»dy Casikmalcr, although at limes want ing in patienc^r.nd kindness, had the same profit devotion ior her husband. ? Tbf.v quarrelled sometimes, they diffsred. iri opinion, they uttered a few Eharp, hasty words; then tbey kissed and made friends, ju't liko other husbands end wives. They j. were pcrfcctly happy- in their; married lifo'—. happy in ..tbo present, and hopeful for the ? future. It was nearly the end of January before the gay party arsembled at Neath Abbsy dis persed ; and.up to that time Isabel Hyde had modo no preigiess with tho fulfillment of her vow. She was, if possible, more deeply' in lovo with Lord Castlemaine than ever. Tho short, fleeting hour3 when, on tho stage, she had acted (ho part of his wife, had dono her incalculable harm. : She Bee itcd never to for get the event, snd it led her into a half fami liar kind of manner' with him that would have aroused the jealousy of some wives; but Lady Castlemaino never seemed to notico it. ' They were both grieved to part with her ;. they had begged her to stay longer with them, but she had answered; laughinjly 'I must go. Bometime; I cannot stay always. I cannot live with you, but I would if I could.' . - ' The on.ij comfort is that wo shall seo you in town. We aro going early. -Perhaps Lady CrcBsori will let you come to us for a few wee ki then.' - . - 'That would bo delightful I' Baid ' Isabel Hyde, with a smile that was do much Greek to Lidy Castlemaine. Tho carriage was'at tho door; the whito snow lay frosen on tlio ground; the robin redbreasts flitted. about.on.tho bara boughs; . the sky was blue and cloudlets, and (be .wind soughed around tho grnnd old walls — a bright, beautiful winder's day. ? . Lord Castlemaino was going to drive Miss nyde to Redtnoss station. 0;hcr guests had been driven by the cccohman, but ska had looked in her hoBt's face when tho manner aud time of her going was mentioned. 'You will drive me?' sho said; 'How many happy rides and drives I haye had with you 1 and this will be tho last 1' ' The last for a time,' bo replied. ?' I hope wa shall often rida together in London.' . ' Do you reeilly hope that?' eba asked. . Assuredly I do,' was ihe reply, iu a tone of wonder. -i'hey ail three stood on tho drive ; the horses wero impatiently pawing'the ground. Lord Castlemaino went to the carriage to 3se if tho 'rug's were all 'right, and tho two b:. if i:l v-'unt n stood . alono for a few minute!. Lvly Cistlemiiine had thrown a fur cloak over her shoulder J, jet she shud dered as th» wind blew. , ; . . 'I am t.fraid,'.' she said, tliat.you will have a dull journey ; it is so vety cold.' 'Iam quite cure of that,' eaid Isabel. ' I should bo dull at leaving you if it were the brightest day in eummcr. I wonder what kind of seaeon it will bo; a brilliant one, I hope.' v ' It is euro to he,' Baid Lidy Casilemaine. . 'Wa shall not be. rival roses -this year,' said Isabel. ' You ma never ogaia bo a rival ; you ere victorious.' ' , ' We. shall not ha rivals; wc never were, in that sense of tlio word. Isabel, you will not forget : one thing— that you liavo called 'me friead ?' ' I. Bhall. ret forget it/1 she replied, with a', peooliar sniite. ?' . ' , ' Tbo grcnieit pleasnro to mo of the coming sea 011 is that 1 shall see you again,' said Lady Cv tlemaine, as she kissed tlio face of the girl that was to bring puoli unutterablo .'woe to her. ?'?'?? And so with a. kiss, fulfe as' tha kiss of JulaSj they parted. - ? That evening, ovrr her dressing-room fire, Gertrude, with her husband, dkcussed Isabel Hyde. ' S'io rcems so very much attached to us,'' .said Lady CAivlemaine, 'I think myself quite fortunate in having found suoh a frieud. You have known her soma lima, Rudolph ; how is it you did not. fall in love with her ?' 'I I' he-replied, easily. ' Ah, my Gertrude, sha is bointitnl and clover, but Bhei is riot the style of gitll ehould h'aya* loved. You are my style, end 110 other. .Wo- liaya been married nenly a 3' car, and I ain evori more your lover than I was on our wedding day. You are, and always must be, the one -only woman in the world for mo.' ?'.???; '??..;?. As Gartrude kissed the lip 1 that had uttered suoh 'loving words, she thought herself tho most fortunate bb well as tho happiest woman in -tha world. : ? - . \- if the stars thrttebfrie abovo ua and hear so many vows, could but tell how often thov are .'m'a'dcj and how often tbey aro.Jirokeri | If the ?tall trees, that, stand with their grf at branches 'fiitai and bare; could toll the vows made under their shade— so fervent, iio earriesi, one would think they must ba isimoital— and . they last : abcut'a year 1 Hew the stars and- the trees .mutt laugh at Buoh. lovers' per juries ; how often this Ipve is changed or dead before tbe leaves have and tho grqen cornea round agala I ' While huEband and wifo so distusscd her, Isabel Hyde was m her own room at Holmo '. Seaton, wlicro Bho was staying with her mint Lady Cresson, and sho was faeo to face with a fauiiro, a complete and perfect failure. Tbo last thing Bho hadseen tvl Neath Abbey . . , W03 how Lord Castlemaino, after ho had nr- - ranged her rugs and had' made her quite comfortable, hastened from fha eirricfj) to. - ? where lm wifo Blood, wrapped in her fur cloak. ? - How handsomo ho looked clausing there m the winter eunshinc, his dark faco' all aglow withlovef . - ? ' Little heeding any lookcr3-on, he took Ger trude in his §rms and kissed her; '. 'Good-by, my darling 1' he said. 'I Shall - not be gone long.' , ' ' _ As they drove away, to ihe lsnt hia eyes lingered on her, and when they could Sea ber no longer, ho began to. talk about her, and - overy word thnthculteredwsKiirilovingpraise . of her. Isibtl Hydo had to listen and respond. .. Most people would have been quite daunted. She was going away ; it was uuccrtaiu, to soy tbe least of it, when they would meet again, .?.-:? and he had no thought tor her; his heart . »? and mind were full of his wife. Even at the railroad etation, -when he had arranged her travelling rugB, seen, that ' sho had the.most comfortabla scat in a firat- clas3 - car, when he brought papers and periodicals to amuse her during the journey, when ho had Bhaken hands with her and .had bidden her good-by, sho could tell that hi3 thoughts wero Btill with Gertrude ; for be came back to her just a* tho train was etar'liDg— not, ns she fondly imagined, to speak a few 'kind words to her, a last farewell, but to Eay ' 'Do yon think Gertrude is looking as well - as ehe did in town ?' Her palienco gave way as sho answered : ? ' Yes, I think ehe looks as well as it ia possible for her to look.' Bat if she intended her answer to .be sar ciiBtio, her sarcasm waa.all lost, entirely lost : on Lord Castlemaine, in whoEO eyes his wifo ; always looked beautiiul. ? J Then tho train went on.its way, and coon left Neath Abbey far behind. Isabel went with a sense of failure; and now, as ehe sat in her room alone, Bho waa ' - fa.co to faco with tlio knowledge that althongh she had brpught all the jfower of her mind to bear on her purpose— that ol making miE ohief between husband and wife, and of ulti mately parting thom, sho bad ignominiously failed.. , _. ; . . Slid sat for sotbe time is silence ; -then eho. , ' clenched her white hands. 