novelist DAN LYONS' DOOM. CHAPTER IX.—(CONTINUED.) By WAIF WANDER. " Since about two o'clock, as far as I can learn, and since then poor little Daniel has been to alll their old haunts in search of her. But, my/dear madam, she must be found. I have tottd you that Bcores of men are in search of her.'i She was gazing at him as if her life hung on Msjworda She was weighing every one of ihem aa though to catch some hope she could notfe&^and then she burst into a torrent of ag and reproof, and prayers that sadly "led a blasphemy that would have . herself in calmer moments. 1 %OVL are playing with me, only, Mr. Pollard ; how could you, such an old friend, a man who was valued and respected by my dead husband, how could you come to tell me in earnest that my child, my all is lost ? How could she be iost ? Guardian is with her. Do you know what lost means in Australia? It means lying dead in the bush, with the eaglehawks picking out her eyes. How dare you hint such a thing to me ? As if a God could dare to be so cruel as to treat my darling so I " Even as she stopped, suddenly she dropped to the ground as one stricken dead, but as they hastened to raise her it was soon evident, from the strong convulsions of her limbs, that the poor woman was in a serious fit. "Bun for Dr. Syme, Daniel," cried Mr. Pollard, "let us carry her in to her own bed, Ellen, now that the violence of the fit is exhausted." CHAPTEB X. TADY'B SECBET. WE return again to the Nugget claim, where, as the evening shades deepened, our friend Tady was preparing to leave the gully for the night. He had shared the supper of the two new men, who were in future to sleep on the claim, and the great fire they had built up against an old fallen tree was throwing strong gleams of red light against the sides of the gully opposite to it, and up on the crooked dead branches straggling above it. The shadows were deepening, - too, as the last beams of light faded from the west, and striking contrasts were growing out in queer dark shapes behind the glowing fire that warned Tady it was time to be off. " Say a prayer before ye turn in boys," he advised, for be the powers it's a lonely 'Are you afraid of ghosts, Tady?" asked one of the Dorans, laughingly, take another eup of the grog before you go, and the ghosts wont trouble you on the way back. For my part, I've got a sis-chambered revolver in my belt, and I have more faith in the effects of that than I have in a waggon-load of prayers." " No, I've had enough of the drink, Tady returned, as he pulled up his trowsers preparatory to yehat he himself would have called "taking the road," "an' if you had twenty revolvers a prayer would be better than 'em all as regards that spot." He pointed to the murder claim as he said good night and turned his back upon it gladly, and yet with a due recollection of the lonely way he had to go before he reached the township. Far had it been from Tady's intention to let the darkness find him away from Marranpa, but it bad been a day of great excitement, and poor Tady had found the young Dorans 9 grog so recuperating that it had been to him, in a certain sense, the waters of oblivion. He would not for fifty \- pounds have faced the hour in that spot had it not been for the courage inspired by the " sups " he had imbibed,, and even now its strength was dying out, as he tramped loudly to keep himself company in the deepening shadow of Murder Gully. If it had not been for the one fact that he was superstitious, Tady would have been a happy—a perfectly happy man that night. His one hope, the hope, nay almost certainty, which had led him back from the Old Land over all those watery miles, was accomplished —the claim was a golden one; and now that a new feeling, or rather the revivification of an old one as " love " was an almost normal condition with Tady, had arisen in his heart the gold had made his darling Nora more than a hope with him. "An' why shouldn't I? " he soliliquised as he began to think of the girl, and half forgot his surroundings, " I'm a rich man, and the world is before me; why should they deny me Nora ? Av coorse she's bether nor me all out; I don't deny that, sure she's a priest's sisther, but I'm sober an' honest, and have the main thing," and lie slapped his pocket significantly. A few quick steps onward, and he stopped suddenly. " Bedad, I don't see why I shouldn't go -over this mianit and see the^crathur; sure •.she doesn't know of me luck yet, for it isn't either tellin' her I'd be itself afore Mr. Jjeooard. Faix I'll go—it isn't much out of me way at all." Thus decided he turned to the left out of sthe gully instead of k&eping; to the right down by the creek. St. Herricks, as it was always called, was but a short half mile from the end of the gully, but to reach the cottage Tady had to cross the track that led up to the cemetery. As he was crossing it a long howl, or rather whine came down the hill to hia ears, and he started to almost run, with all bis old feeling of superstitious fear revived. " Bad cess to it for a place," he muttered, " 'twas ever an' always a lonesome road up there of a night; but since that black day in the Gully 'tis worse. Lord, betune us an' all harm, I wonder if it is a dog at all." At the same spot near the fence of St. Herrick's, where he had first spoken to Nora Brady, Tady paused to examine the surroundings, and speculate on his chance of seeing the girl on this occasion. In the shadow of the shrubberies it was now so nearly dark that the light in the only room that would appear inhabited showed like a glare among the thick, dark ivy that coated the wall; this window was near an angle of the main building, where a side wing abutted, and Tady knew it was the window of Father James' room. " It looks as if they are all in bed," thought the Irishman, as he bent over the fence and looked all round the house, " though it's early yet. That's the priest's windy, an' by all accounts he keeps a light burnin' on till mornin'; I'd be afeard to whistle, he might hear me, and Nora'd get into trouble over me. I wonther whatl'll do ?" As he was wondering, a shout so hoarse, so strident, so suggestive of some awful and unknown horror rang around his ears that he raised his hands to them as if to shut it out; his ewes, however, turned toward the lighted window, from which the noise seemed to proceed. Staring at it he saw for a moment cast on the curtain, the shadow of a man who seemed to be twisting and writhing about out of all human form, and the heart of the terrified man seemed to stop for a moment in absolute fear. "In the name of heaven," he muttered, dropping one hand to cross himself, " is it murder that is goin' on an' I standin' here doin' nothin'? If I thought 'twas that I've a strong pair av hands, but what would I do at all if it's in one of his tantrums he is, and he to see me?" A moment's silence, as the shadow suddenly disappeared from the blind, gave Tady courage to bound over the fence and begin to creep nearer to the window. He would try and satisfy himself by listening nearer, or perchance by seeing, if he had an opportunity, and then if he could help he would make his presence known, and assist the priest if necessary. That was the decision that made Tady creep along by the fence until he had reached the part of it that was only separated from the wing of the cottage by the width of a pathway, and then he darted across and stopped again to listen in the shelter of the ivy-clad house itself. He was now so close to the window itself that by spreading himself along the wall he could have touched it; but he was afraid to rustle the ivy in the silence which seemed to him almost unnatural. He could hear the beating of his own heart, until suddenly again a voice spoke loud, fierce words, and he recognised it as the voice of Father James. " I have you 6n,th^iip now, mine enemy," were the opening mirds of triumph apparently, and then there was a shriek of such diabolical laughter that Tady trembled. " There is a talisman that will frighten you out of my path for ever I Ha! I have told many a lie since I saw your living face; if you haven't better company than me by this time, and something else to do besides haunting my life, curse you 1" A pause then, and a gibbering such as one may hear in the cell of a maniac, and then a fresh shout and a scuffle as if of half-a-dozen men. Tady was solely afraid, but he was also very curious to see what was going cn in the priest's room Besides he had had various hints that her brother was queer, from Nora—a queerness that the girl attributed entirely to his temper, but which Tady began to suspect might pro- ceed from insanity; at all events, he ventured to crawl, little by little, nearer the window, and to at last get his face pushed through the ivy screen quite close to it. The window was a low cottage one, and an accident favored Tady's espial—one of the tacks which had supported the corner of the white blind had given way, and the corner had dropped, leaving the space of a handbreadth of the glass uncovered. This space was above Tady's eyes, but he soon raised them to its level by placing his foot in a nook of the strong ivy- stems, and holding a firm grip of another nook above him. What was it, then, that the poor fellow saw that had such a terrible effect on many awful weeks of his innocent life ? What discovery did he make that drove rest from Ms pillow, flesh from his bones, and peace from his mind for a time that he remembered with dread and horror during all his after life ? He saw in the middle of the room he was peeping into, a man whom he could not immediately recognise as Father James Brady. This man was undressed to his shirt and trousers, and had the sleeves of the former rolled up, showing his thin bare arms. The head of this man was tonsured—Tady Eaw that—but his face was not the face of the priest. It couldn't be; that face, distorted with a terrible, fierce passion, with eyes aglare with fear and horror, with the moisture of ghastly suffering, falling in great drops from his haggard cheeks, had no resemblance to that of the white-faced priest, even as he had been during his attack in the gully a few hours previously 1 And yet it was a face that seemed somehow terribly familiar to Tady, yet he could not tell how or why. Staring at it in puzzled bewilderment that seemed still to fascinate him, he watched the man's strange movements, and listened to his awful words, shouted aloud as if there were no human ears to listen within wide miles. Who was he talking to ? There was no living being within the room, yet he sent his wild jibes at some object he glared at, and he waved something he called his " talisman " in the imaginary lace of a foe. Within a circle of many feet there was not around him a tangible object, yet at short intervals he seemed to grasp something in his long thin arms, and struggle with it, throwing and writhing his limbs as it appeared around other limbs, panting meanwhile with fierce, hot pants, until he staggered against the wall exhausted and faint, to be revived when he regained strength to reach a bottle and glass, and pour a fiery draught down his hot throat. It was a fearful sight, yet one that poor Tady's eyes clung to in an awful curiosity. What likeness was it that haunted him as he watched the man's face? Whose voice did the awful shouts and anathemas of this man remind him of ? What, again and again he asked himself, what was the object with which he seemed to threaten his unseen adversary as he waved it wildly in the air. "Foiled again 1" he would shout, "the touch of that is better than any exorcism! I've tried that you know. Bell, book and candle, ha 1 ha 1 ha 1 as if they would avail anything in my hands; but I have beaten you you know, you cannot cross that—beaten you with your own weapons too. Ha 1 ha! ha 1 Again a season of panting rest, with the light of the lamp full in his face, and the fingers around which his " talisman " was turned was preesed hard against his left side only to suddenly attack his enemy again until again exhausted. " Tour curse, is it? The curse of St. Herrick under his own root! Ha 1 ha 1 ha Much I care for it. See it every day until I die, eh? Well, who cares? I am not afraid of it now." It was when he staggered once more against the wall gasping and completely worn out that Tady saw at last the nature of his talisman—it was a long treas of pale, fair hair, and there were clinging, dark spots upon it; but it was not that which made Tady's fingers unloose their clasp upon the ivy, and his nerveless limbs bend beneath him; he had recognised the likeness in that terrible face, and shrank from it in an overwhelming horror. " My God, have mercy upon me ! " he cried, in his extremity as he climbed over ths fence and hastened from the awful spot. " What'll I do ? what'll I do at all, at all ? What sin is on me sowl that this secret is to lie upon me like a lump ov lead that'll drag me down into the grave, so it will ? " Forgotten was all poor Tady's fancied love for Nora at that supreme moment, forgotten all his superstitious fears of the lone darkness around him. When he had got so far away from St. Herrick's that he need not dread pursuit, should the man he had been watching have overheard his sudden fall and departure, he dropped down on the grass and buiied his honest face in his trembling, labor-rough hands. Oh, no, there was no thought of Nora just then. The lonely sound of the soughing breeze among the rustling leaves was unheard by him, and he did not see the moanray that crept up his knees as the moon in her first quarter neaTed the tops of the trees in the west. A bright streak it was, filtered through the waving leaves, and restless like them. Sometimes it glanced under the brim of his hat, and sometimes glinted past his bowed shoulders, but Tady saw it not— he saw nothing, and thought of nothing but the dread secret that he ought to tell, and that he must keep for the sake of many hundreds of souls other than his own. He murmured his thoughts occasionally and unwittingly, and groaned in an agony that he had never felt in physical pain. "There is no one but Mr. Leonard," he muttered, " and I daren't tell him, for I know what he would say—but how can I tell it, and he a priest ? No matter what's past and gone, he has worn the holy vestments, and for the honor of my church I mustn't spake I Oh God Almighty, help a poor sinner, for I don't know what to do 1" Tady got up after this cry for help, and marched on his way to the township. He had to cross the little bridge over the creek near Mrs. St. Herrick's cottage, and he saw lights flitting about from window to window, but he took no notice, for as yet he did not know anything of Eesignation being lost, or her mother's serious illness. The garden, with its pale flowers, lay in the moon and shadow silently as he passed—almost as silently as their off-shoots lay on that grave up in the lone cemetery, but how could poor Tady know that never again would the sweet child bend over them, or pluck a blossom from their stems ? The bedroom Tady occupied at the quiet hotel they Btill remained at was at the back, with a door opening from it direct into the yard, and he would have stolen round to it quietly only that the landlord was watching for him, and saw him as he passed the bar door. " Stop, Connor 1" he cried, " I have a message for you." " A message from who ?" the poor fellow asked, as he turned back unwillingly. " From Mr. Prosser; he has been here looking for you, and wants you to go down to the claim as so on as you come back." " I can't," said Tady, heavily; " I'm dead beat, and fit for nothing but bed. What can he want me there for at this time o' night." "Don't you know? Haven't you heard? Good lord, the whole place is ringing with it 1" « " I heard nothing; what is it ?" " Why, Mrs. St. Herrick's little girl is lost, and everyone that could has turned out after her. It's the queerest thing, too, for the little girl knew every inch of the country, and that great dog of their's was with her. We are beginning to be afraid that she's met with foul play, and the poor mother has taken it to heart so that she's got a stroke or something." " Met with foul play!" They were the last words of the man's explanation that fell upon Tady's ears, and they filled them to the exclusion of all else for a time. Besignation St. Herrick had met with foul play, and was lost! Besignation St. Herrick had long, pale, fair hair; what about that" talisman" Father James raved about, and twisted in his fingers ?" Tady uttered an exclamation of horror, and leaned heavily against the bar neat him. He could not speak, but he motioned to the landlord to be supplied from a decanter at hand. "My word but you do look ill, Tadyl Whatever's up with you ? • Drink that off and see if it will bring the life into you." Tady obeyed, but the draught brought no colour to his white cheeks ; and, refusing a repetition of the dose, he went out to his room, and threw himself upon his bed. Of the battle he fought there, he never spoke but once, and that was long after to his young foster-brother; but he fought it alone and in silence, save to Him who hears the very thoughts of the humblest of His creatures. It was quite two hours afterwards that Leonard tried the door of Tady's room, and found it fastened. Tady heard him, but dreading to meet the young man's keen eyes, he took no notice of the attempt to gain admittance. Leonard was not, however, to be put off that way, for the landlord's account of his humble friend's looks had alarmed him, and he spoke sharper than was his wont in his determination to see for himself what was the matter. " I know you're inside Tady," was what he said, "and you may as well let me in at once, for in I'll get." The distracted man opened the door instantly, and felt grateful for the darkness that hid his face from fjhis kind young master's gaze. " You are sick and in the dark Tady; what is the matter ? " Leonard asked, as he struck a match and lit the chamber candle he knew was upon the little table. There was no answer, and when the wick had ignited, gathered nutriment and threw out a sufficient light to see by, young Prosser turned round and looked at Tady. The Irishman was sitting on the edge of his bed supporting himself, as it were, on his hands, which, at either side of him, were spread upon the counterpane. He was staring at the floor before him with his head bowed and an indescribable air of misery and hopelessness prevading every line of his figure. To tell the truth, Leonard had found himself slightly influenced by Charlie Ellis's persistent assertion that Tady was under the influence of drink, but one look at the wellknown face assured him that it was not so. " What's the matter with you Tady ? " No reply again. "Are you sick? Speak my friend, fori must know." The'Irishman broke down altogether at the gentle""my friend," and it was with an almost savage energy that he cried out— "Forthe love of God don't ask me Mr. Leonard I don't, don't, for I can't tell you !" " I must ask you Tady, for if yen are sick I must go and bring the doctor to you." Oh I'm not eick Mr. Leonard I I wants no doctor at all, at all! but for the love o' God I say &x; me no questions 1" ! " A queer thing to say to me at this time of day Connor. I should have thought twice before saying such a thing to you. Are we going to begin to have secrets from each other so late in life old fellow? " " I can't help it sir 1 I can't indeed 1 Oh Mr. Leonard, there are things that no one man can tell another after all I " " They must be very serious things Tady; no such can exist between you and me." " I ax it of you for the sake of my mother, the woman that suckled you, sir, not to question me. There's something on my mind that will kill me soon, I pray, but that I must carry to my grave a secret. Look, sir, I'd lay down my life for you, you know that well, but I cannot tell you this, and don't torture me by axing." " I do not understand it, Tady, but I will only ask you one thing—surely you are more of a man to feel this way over a girl like Nora Brady; if it is a quarrel with her that has put you into this state of misery I cannot pity you." " Oh, Mr. Leonard, don't name her to me 1 it's not that! oh, Lord, if it was only that I'd die happy!" " And you can't explain ? " " I can't, indeed, sir." " Well, Tady, the day will come when you may tell me, I hope, and when I may at least try to comfort you, so I will say no more now. Isn't this an awful thing about that poor child?" " I only heard a few words from the landlord as I kem in, Mr. Leonard—have ye no thraca ov her ? " " None of her, exactly. Ellis and I found the dog in the bush behind the cemetery road. It seems he had been howling off and on all the evening, but was silent shortly after sundown. It is a very mysterious case, Tady. The dog Guardian has been stabbed, and has been losing blood little by little until he could hold up no longer. He was nearly unconscious when we carried him home, and he has, it seems had a severe blow on the head also that Dr. Grey thinks must have rendered him unconscious." Tady's only response to this information was a heart-rending groan. " We are to commence a regularly organised search as soon as it is daylight," the young gentleman went on, " for the partial moonlight only made the shadows deeper and more puzzling, but I am sadly afraid, Tady, that the pretty child, who was the first to greet us on Marranga, has met with foul play." Met with foul play! there were the same words again to ring like a shout in poor Tady's ears. Met with foul play 1 and who had done the foul deed ? What was he to do ? How to bear this awful burden of another man's secret ? He could not do it alone and live; he must tell it to some one or die. " I think there will be some change in the working of No. 1," said Leonard, when he was leaving the room. " I met Conn. Brady going to the coach to-day, and he told me the work was not agreeing with him. I suppose he has gone to town for advice; it is strange how little faith the people here have in Dr. Syme, for he seems to me a clever and intelligent man. Good-night, Tady—if there is not an improvement in you by the morning, I shall bring him to see you no matter what you say about it." " Stop a minnit, Mr. Leonard. If you don't see me here in the mornin' don't be frightened, for I'll start at break of day for Yawbenack, it's only a walk of ten miles, and I'll get a lift back in the coach, so I can be here by dinner time." "Yawbenack? What do you want there? " There's a priest there, sir, a regular clergyman," Tady replied in a low voice. " That's right, Tady; I quite believe in that step ; good night again," and so poor Tady was left to battle alone with his awful secret till the day broke in the east. CHAPTEB XI. DAN ! A TEBMBLE night had been spent at the cottage by poor.Ellen Griffiths, the boy Daniel's mother. Under the sedatives prescribed by Dr. Grey Mrs. St. Herrick had slept a greater part of the night, but it was a sleep broken by cries of terror and utterances of such strange words, that Ellen listened to them with an awful wonder that deepened into fear as the night wore on. She was not alone in her watch, for kindly Fanny Clarke had come over as soon as the sad condition of Mrs. St. Herricks had been made known at the farm.; but as the patient still slept, [though uneasily, Ellen had persuaded the young girl to go to rest until toward morning. " I can call you if you can help me, Miss Clarke," she said, " and when you come fresh to relieve me I shall be glad of a rest you may be sure." And I am to leave you all alone ? " Fanny asked doubtfully. " No-, not alone, my boy Daniel is to Btay with me. I shall make him a bed up on the sofa in the next room, where I can see him and wake him if it should be necessary." " And you will call me in.a couple of hours, Ellen?" " I will call you as soon as ever I feel in need of rest—I promise you that." And so Mrs. St. Herrick slept on and muttered or murmured in her sleep, with ever and anon a wild cry of terror, at which Ellen's hand would be laid on her hot forehead, and Ellen's low voice whisper soothing words in her half unconscious ear; and Daniel sat crouching over the fire that had been lit in the next room, the picture of hopeless despair pitiful to see at his boy's years. "Daniel, my dear, you had better go to bed," his mother whispered as she came from the invalid's chamber and stood beside her son; " I have made you a comfortable bed there on the sofa,?and I shail. be quite near you all night." " Oh, mother, how can I rest or sleep when we do not know where poor Besignation is 1 She may be bleeding slowly to death somewhere, as Guardian was; how could I slesp!" " My dear, she is in God's hands," Ellen whispered softly, "andwe can do no more now until daylight. Wouldn't it be better, then, for you to try and sleep so as to be strong to-morrow and better able to help than if you weep your eyes out all night 7" The poor lad nestled against his mother's side, and her arm drew him closely to her. " If I knew she was dead, mother, it would not be so bad, but to think she may be suffering and tortured—oh, it is hard ! You can't know how fond we children were of each other, mother. It seems a part of myself that is gone. We have spent so many summer days together in the bush and up at the grave that I do not think there was one thought we did not tell, and now " " And now, my dear, Besignation may be looking into her own father's face in Heaven." " Do you think so really, mother ?" " I do, dear. From the fact of Guardian's being wounded I fear we have lost her, but it will be her gain." "Who could kill Besignation?" the boy cried fiercely, as he drew himself from Ellen's embrace and looked into her eyes for an answer. "Everyone loved her, she was so gentle and good and patient always, who could injure her ? Mother, there is only one villain in the world that could hurt her, and that was the man—the monster that buried her father alive!" " Hush, Daniel, oh hush 1" (To be continued.) SPICE CAKE.—One eup of sugar, tablespoonful of butter, one egg, one cup of sour milk, one teaspoonful of soda, spice to taste, flour enough to mate a thick batter* 