TOWN TALK Yesterday, at a Cabinet greeting, it was resolved to offer the Imperial government GOO or 700 men for service in the Sondan, consisting of the Naval Brigade and Mounted Infantry, In the event of the Imperial authorities accepting the offer, parliament will be convened at once to obtain legislative sanction and the requisite funds for carrying the scheme into effect. It seems to us that it would have been wiser to have called parliament together before making the offer. It would bo 'an exceedingly awkward thing for the government if parliament should fail to see the necessity of the move ment. An adverse vote would involve noth ing less than a ministerial resignation, and before the country, when this excitement had cooled down, it would not be easy for ministers to justify so wide a departure from Australian policy. The United States to this day, we may be permitted to say, leave Enropeancomplication3 severely alone. We, who have greater canso to be careful of com ing into conflict with European nations, are rushing into the thickest complications in imploring the gentle Arab to dance upon our coat-tails. Should the Soudanese difficulty merge into au European war we shall cer tainly be there. But what about our own defences, and the means necessary to main tain them ? The latest cablegrams published this morning, convey some interesting intelli gence. Her Majesty the Queen is rapidly progressing towards convalescence. The attitude assumed by the Australian colonies with regard to the difficulties in Soudan coo. tiuues to be warmly applauded, and General | Lord Wolseley hag aiguified by telegraph ' the pleasure it will afford him to welcome an Australian contingent to assist iu suppres sing the Mahdi's forces. Regarding the negotiations between England and Russia as to the Afghan byuudary line, tbcv are still progressing, and a satisfactory settlement seems as far off as ever. Troops arc being concentrated in force on the Nile, the Royal Irish regiment, under Geueral Bullcr, being the latest arrivals. The Court of Assize was opcucd yesterday morning, before Hi3 Honor Mr Justice Holroyd. The list, as already stated was an unusually heavy one, and the court was packed throughout the day, which, con sidering the close aud stifling character of the weather, was a feat requiring considerable powers of endurance. Heretofore consid* eraMe difficulty ha3 been experienced iu hearing witnesses, and yesterday such in* convenience was occasioned in this respect during the early part of the day, that His Honor directed the removal of the witness box to the opposite side of the court. By this arrangement the witness faces the jury instead of the dock, and the improvement was at once noticeable, and tho lawyers, jurymen, and reporters, felt thankful for the change. The charge of wilful murder against John Huut, the circumstances connected with which are already familiar to our readers, was the first case called upon for hearing at the Court of Assize yesterday. The evidence given was substantially the same as that elicited at the Police Court. His Honor, Mr Justice Holroyd, evinced a desire to hear the evidence of the woman Gillie9. However Deither the Crown nor the counsel for the defence showed a disposition to recognise the woman as a friend to the cause and His Honor therefore called her. The woman addressed his Honor as " Sir," " Your Worship " and " My Lord " alternately, and contradicted her previous evidence in several particulars. The old man Hunt watched the case with interest, and grew intensely eager when the woman Gillies was called. The hearing of evidence occupied the whole day, and the addresses of counsel for the prosecution and defence will commence this morning at ten o'clock. During the examination of witnesses in the case of wilful murder against the old man Hunt, at the Assize Court yesterday, considerable capital was made by Mr M'Dermott, the prisoner's counsel, out of the shape of the trousers worn by the witnesses. Mr M'Dermott produced a pen and ink sketch of the style of garment worn by larrikins, which was of course inordinately wido over the boots, and known to the fraternity, we believe as " bell bot tomed. ' Each of the witnesses was re quired to place his boot upon a reBt in order to give the court an opportunity of judging in what fashion he was breeched. After this we should imagine that everyone appearing in court would take the precau tion of patronising a fashionable tailor before doing so. A magisterial enquiry was held at Colac on Monday to ascertain the cause of the sudden death of a married woman named Sarah Osborne, aged 60 years, which occur red on Saturday evening, The woman had been drinking very freely since the previous Tuesday in company with several of her friends. The past mortem, examination which was made at the enquiry,disclosed! the fact that death had resnlted from fatty de generation of the heart, and a verdict in accordance was returned by the magistrate, Mr Hamilton. The hotel business at Cressy docs not ap pear to have maintained its remunerative advantages. The old place which was famous under the name of The Frenchmans, and in which soveral fortunes were made by residents of the southern district, has been closed since the beginning of the year. It was a favorite camping place for travellers with stock etc., and the coaching trade from Geclong, Kokewood, Ballarat, and Mortlake at one time was most extensive. The owner of the premises, Mr Hall, is independent of the publicans' proiitsfrom the sale of refresh ments, but he resides there still, aud it is some comfort to travellers to know that provision is still made for their accommoda tion, and there is no diminution in the atten tion paid to the foraging department for horses. The Ballarat Courier writes:—"War-flame, has run like wild tire through these colonics, as typified hy the fact that 235 officers and men or our own permanent force and naval reserve have already tendered their services to bring the Mahdi to reason ; and we can not afford to stand aloof, or to be the solitary exception, from, and in, all thi3 military excitement. It is a gone case, therefore, that we must fall in with the ' swim' like the rest, and prove to the mother-country, as well as to all outsiders, that if Australians are to figure in the struggles in the Soudan, we Victorians will not claim exemption from this self-imposed line of duty. We must say we don't take kindly to tho idea, as it is entirely owing to the incompetency and neglect of Mr Gladstone and his colleagues that there is a Mahdi now to fight at all ; and discretion would leave the Imperial Premier without outside help to get rid of the muddle he has created." Close and oppressive heat yesterday made it very unpleasant for those having out-of door business to transact. In the evening the town became enveloped in a fog which a few hours later turned into a mist, the particles of rain which fell being somewhat threatening of an agreeable change, but as the night wore on the fog lifted, and the Bky became comparatively clear. The telegrams from Wilson's Promontory and Cape Schank intimated that a dense fog pre vailed at both places, and that the sea was invisible from those elevated points along the coast. Last evening a young man, whose identity the police believe they are able to prove, entered the Nelson hotel, in Maiop street east, and carried away the till from behind the bar. The landlord, Mr Hards, suddenly appeared on the scene, and the thiefsomewhat hurriedly dropped the till and a bottle of gin> and escaped being caught. The mid-day train to Qaeenscliff from Geelong yesterday conveyed to the Qaeen of watering places four tracks of small coal, part of a consignment to be used in the -manufacture of gas by the company recently formed at the Cliff for the purpose of affording illuminating power in the favorite township. The compauy have been rapidly extending the gas mains at tho Cliff, and every effort has been made to cause the Cliff to be as attractive by night time as it is in the daylight, The magistrates in attendance at the Police Court yesterday morning were Mr HeroD, P.M., and Mr Pardey, J.P., bnt there was no bnsiDess tor them to transact. The receipts on the government lines of railway for the week ending "February 12th, 1SS5, amounted to £43,178 5s 5d, as com pared with £4S,543 2s Id for the corres ponding week in 1SS4. Passengers, parcels, etc, £19,321 ISs 10d, as against £18,494 15s ldin 1SS4. Merchandise, minerals, and cattle, £23,S5G 63 7d, a3 against £30,04S 7s for the corresponding period of last year. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, .£1,34G,130 12s 5d, as against £1,2G1,054 93 3d. Weekly average (33 weeks), £40,791 lGs 9d, as against £3S,213 15s 5d in 1SS4. Number of miles open : 1SS5, 16G2 ; 18S4, 15G2. A party of four persons—three well dressed women, and a respectably attired man—who were passengers by tho steamer Golden Crown on Sunday last from Mel bourne, and who could not partake of I dinner when at sea, presented themselves at certain boarding house and dining room in this town on landing at the Yarra- street wharf. They desired to be furnished with dinner, but one of the proprietors politely informed them that it being Sunday they could not be supplied. They were, how ever, directed to a hotel on tho opposite side of the road where they were assured tho publican had no conscientious scruples. Tho difficulty, however, was increased as tho four excursionists were blue ribbon people and they had purposely passed the hotel in order to obtain the required refreshments at a strictly temperance house. Theincident isnot likely to be forgotten by visitors from the metropolis. The caterers for the public at Qucenscliff, Sorrento, and other places are not so independent, and yet, judging from the way the churches are filled on Snndaysi their religious convictions do not appear to be outraged by hungry excursiouists seeking dinner on the Sabbath day. An effort was recently made by several persons to charter the steamer Alert to make a pleasure excursion to Western Port bay. The intention was to start on Satur day evening, and to return to Geelong on Monday morning in time to permit of the steamer resuming her usual daily trips to the metropolis. It was considered that tho trip could be accomplished in six hours each way, so that excursionists would have the whole of Sunday to inspect the many picturesque spots about Western Port, in* eluding Phillip and French Islands. The trip would have been a departure from the ordinary local marine excursions, but it appears that the scheme has fallen throngh, owing to the proprietors of the steamer not caring to send the favourite passenger boat outside the heads. The directors of the Geelong Sea Bathing Company intend to formally open the hot water sea baths this afternoon, at half-paat three o'clock. It has been determined to make the tariff on the same scale as that charged at the Warrnambool baths. The necessity for adding to the present lights at the channel at the entrance to Corio Bay has been forcibly shown daring the past few nights. Much difficulty has been ex perienced in navigating the steamers from Melbourne to Geelong after daylight, and sailors strange to this port have been pat to their wits end in picking up the va« rions marks along the line of the chant nel. On many occasions the Harbor Department has been advised to take the matter into serioas consideration with the view of affording better gniding lights. In the old channel there are beacon lights, but tboy are seldom used by steamers approaching Geelong, for the course is a difficult one to navigate. The captains of the vessels trading to this port are desirous of saving as mnch time in the journey from Melbonrne as possible, and they consider that if the beacon lights in the old and roundabout channel were put in the new cut, there would be less liability of running the steamers aground, and very little necessity for " slowing down" the engineB when approaching the harbor. The Hibernicon Comedy Company and panoramic representation attracted another numerous and enthusiatic audience to the Exhibition Hall last evening, and if the outburstsof approval, which were unsparingly elicited, maybe regarded as a sign of success, then surely the performances of the various artistes, and the scenic displays, were a triumph from the rise nntil the fall of the curtain. As one after another of the " ltous " of Old Ireland passed before their view, brought out vividly by the judicious use of artificial light and made familiar by tho appropriate and amnsiug descriptions, the audience were profuse in expressions of admiration. Mr Buckley's reading of the leading part o£ Barney O'Neil proved perfectly irresistible and be avas compelled to respond to repeated recalls. The MisBes May and Virginia Vivian, in the roles of Mollis O'Connor and Miss Doolittle re spectively, were again well received : while Messrs Andrew as tho enquiring tourist, and Mr Duffy as the blundering negro completed a most efficient caste. This evening the entertainment will be repeated, but varied by a number of now songs and dances, and those who have not already done so, should patronise the company. On Saturday afternoon the return rifle match between members of the Camperdown and Colac Rifle Associations was fired at Colac, and resnlted in the defeat of the visiting team, the scores being, Colac 361 points, Camperdown 320. The steamer Colac, which arrived from Newcastle on Monday morning with coal, is going to be idle at this port for a few weeks, owing to the stock of coal on hand being in excess of present requirements. Yesterday morning a special train from the Camperdown district brought to Geelong en route to Melbourne, about 150 head of cattle. A carious tale is being told at St. Kilda. It is, that during the past few "weeks, "a ghost" has been walking in the St. Kilda cemetery, and has cansed great alarm to several ladieB. A tradesman residing near determined to have a shot at the ghost, and on Saturday night watched for it. "It" walked shortly before midnight, and when the tradesman took aim with a pistol, there was a leap and a very unghostly squeel. On coming np with the "ghost," he found it to be the son of a high legal luminary, who had been having a lark. The shot took effect in the arm and cansed a serious wonnd. The young gentleman is now confined to his bed, and it is not likely that tho ghost will walk for some time to come. The territorial revenue returns for 1SS4-5, from Jnly 1st laBt year to February 7th, have been completed by the Lands department. It is shown that for the period in question, the revenne from auction sales is in excess of the estimate by £16,764. The selectors' license and lease progress payments are defi cient to the amount of £31,7S9, and the final payments are £526 short. A deficiency of £1,413 occnrs in the receipts on account of licenses and-leases other than agricultural, and the receipts for pastoral occnpation fall short of the estimate by £3,515, bat fees are in excess by £3,997. The total not deficiency only amonnts to £16,426, and it is expected that this will be speedily wiped off as the selectors' progress payments are made with greater freedom. The deficiency shown on account of selectors' progress payments on January 7 was £49,653, and the net defi ciency was £34,029, so that dnrihg the past mouth substantial redactions have been made in both items. There \vas a fair attendance of members at the Geelong Young Men's Association's .weekly meeting held last' Monday evening In the Mechanics' Insti tute. Mr W. Bainl was elected to the chair in the absence of the president. Apologies were received from several members for non-attendance. The con cert committee reported that everything- was pro gressing well in connection with the concert, and a great success was anticipated. The business of the evening was elocutionary practice. The following pieces were well rendered by the members named " Sheridan's Ride," and " Regulus before the Roman Senate,"by Mr 0.. Maxwell; "Gambler's Wife,"by Mr E. Cotton; " Legend Beautiful " by ' Mr W. Bainl; and after the pieces had been ably criticised by those present the meeting ended. Hot sea water bathing will be inaugurated to-dav at the Geelong Sea Bathing establishment. Eastern beach. The advantage which such baths offer to in valids ought to find for this enterprising company a large patronage. - The reading room of the Free Library will be closed to-morrow and on Friday for renovating purposes. The prospectus of the Kimberley Investment and Squatting Companv is published in our advertising columns." On Sunday next Trinity church, at Earrabool Hills, wDl be rC-opened for divine sendee. S]>ecial sendees are to be held a? 10.30 a-m., 2.45 p.m« and 7 r-m. On Monday evening tea aud public meetings arc to be held in further celebration of the event. Sales'wdll be held to-day bv Messrs Ogilvie, Robin son and .Co. as follow At 2 p.m. in their rooms, hides and skins; at 3 p.m. at the Tarra-strcet wharf, Tasmanitm hardwood timber. Persons desirous of joining in the annual picnic at Barrabool Tniig must send their names to or personally attend the meeting to be held in the hall at Ceres ou Monday, evening. . 'Attention is directctl to the sales by auction this day bv Mr W. P. Can- at 12 o'clock of Sirs Egan's cot tages and land in Market street; and at X. o clock of three weatherboard cottages in Spring street. Mr Henry Bannister, auctioneer, has been appointed agent for the sale of shares in the Kimberley Invest ment and Squatting Company (limited). The propeity consists of 5,000,000 acres in the Jiorth Kimberley district. Western Australia. Messrs W. and A. Rcid, millers, etc., intimate in our advertising columns that they give the highest cash prico for wheat, oats, barley, peas, and grass Tenders are invited through our advertising columns for various wks ia the shiic Qt Coriv 