THE ST. LEGER AND CUP DATS. BR AUG ON. Given a fine afternoon at Flemington to day, and the sport provided by the V.R.C. will be well worth witnessing. The Essendon Stakes is a worthy introduction to so ex cellent a meeting, the only thing to be re gretted in connexion with this race being the absence of eo brilliant a performer as Le Grand; yet with Malua, Commotion, and probably Off Colour in the field, there Is likely to be a sharp tussle for supremacy. Over « mile and a half, Malua is probably the best horse in Australia, and if he be in hiB V.H.C. spring form, I doubt if he can bebeaten The veteran Commotion has more than once performed in first-class style over the course, and Off Colour is above the average, but I must give my vote in favonr of MALUA, And if he be an absentee. COMMOTION and OFF Colopb may fight it out For (he Ascotvale Stakes the field will be a small one, and, without hesitation, I should select Monte Chris to or Uralla to win. Public form points to the colt, and therefore I shall stand MONTE CHRISTO. Notwithstanding the accidents to BaiftO and Rufus, the quality of the St Leger field will be fairly good. A majority of the best judges incline to the opinion that there is not a three year old of the present Beason within a stone of either Malua or Commotion at weight forage. Before the meeting is over they may have cause to alter their tone. The following are the PKOBA.BLE STARTERS AND JOCKEYS FOB THE ST. LEGER STAKES. Pedigree. Horse. Jockey. MoE»rt .. Silver King Treinaodo David .. Napoleon-Queen Mary First King-Senorita.. Tester-Agitation .. The Gondolier- AUoe Drew Bralttawftite Moore Ellis or Hales Power or Trahan ftnoe X iiMtsaw Silver iuug m a yearling X have regarded him as a colt of surpassing excellence, and aa he has now stood some thing like a preparation for his autamn engagements, he snould be able to hold bis own against the three year olds that will oppose him this afternoon. Compared with David, in appearance he is a perfect Goliath, but in the Bymmetrically-shaped son of I he Gondolier he will findafoeman worthy of the occasion. Until Silver King proved that there was nothing radically wrong with him, by winning the Produce Stakes at Geelong, there was an impression abroad that he was not sound, and falling in with this notion myself, I preferred the chances of David for the St. Leger. When Silver King so easily disposed of hiB opponents at Geelong he was not within pounds of the form he now dis plays, and good little horse though David is, I fancy he will have to succumb to the son of First King and Senorita. That Moeart can stay he conclusively proved at Hobart, and he will probably give a good accountof himself this afternoon. But I prefer SILVER KING. PROBABLE STARTERS AND JOCKEYS FOE IDE NEWMARKET HANDICAP. Horse. Weloome Jaok, 6 yre .. Garfield, 3 yrs. Battailous, 5 yrs Sir Garnet, S yrs Blink Bonny, 0 yrs .. Prometheus, 6 yrs .. Coningsby, 4 yre Middlemarch, 4 yrs .. Duenna, 4 yrs .. Topaz, 6 yrs The Ghost, a .. Mistake, 6 yrs .. Amelia Victoria, 4 yrs Pedigree. Traduoer-Miss Flat Julian Avonel-Young Gossamer Warlike-Queensland.. Countryman - Tin finder St Albans-Medea .. Tubal Cain-Lurline Hughenden Maribyrnong-House maid .. . .. Lccturer-Sijrnova .. Country man-Cameo.. Hamlet-Mystery Dan t e-Stockdove .. Talk of the Hill-Prin cess of Prussia Jockey. Ivimy or Con nor B. Colley Gallagher M'Grade Fallon Murphy Power Flanagan M. O'Brien F. Hutchins or Wyman Tralian Brown Cope or Boas c Mary Williamson Somnus-Stella ..Robertson Conrad - Euphrosyne Hutchens Maribyrnong-Q.E.I). Moore Fcnman-Vesper .. Gough Lecturer-Kathleen Ellis or Hales The Vagabond-Bream Kilby Countryman - Nancy Wcazel St Albans - Prima Donna .. ..Cracknell Napoleon - Talkative St Bacchus Maribyrnong-Kina .. Blair Croagh Patrick Barbarian-My Fancy Nicholson Tim Whiffler-Jessica Gang Forward - Jo saphine .. Fagg Don Giovanni-Affcc tation .. Sanders The Drummer-Phoebe Allsop Sheet Anchor, 6 St. Albans - Queen yrs .. Salvo, 3 yrs St John, 4 yrs Alphabet, 4 yrs Vclocipede, 4 yrs Maseottc, 4 yrs Town Moor, 4 yrs Lavington, 3 yrs Coronet, S yrs.. Xantippe, 3 yre The Bohemian, 3 yrs .. Hannibal, a Surrey, a Westbury, a .. Marie Louise, 3 yrs .. Leporello, 4 yrs Claudine, 5 yrs By unanimous consent the Newmarket Handicap of 1885 has been pronounced the most open race that has ever been decided in Australia. Even at this late moment nearly every owner is confident of victory, and the struggle this afternoon will be watched with intense anxiety. The Brighton stable having made a sign with Salvo, it would appear as it he were the Simon Pure of the establish ment, and with such trying tackle as Foul sham has, no mistake ought to be made. For instance, if Salvo with his weight up can beat Malua at 9st, Isaac of Brighton ought to have a pretty good thing. The Ballarat division regard with favour the prospects of Sheet Anchor, whose feet gave his trainer a deal of trouble when he first got him, but he is now himself, and having satisfactorily answered every question put to him, his friends look forward to the contest with confidence, but there are many who believe Blink Bonny will finish in front of him. The Queenslanders swear by Velocipede, who is a very smart Min?"*, and_ more than one ,ef-the watchers have given their" vote for the speedy son of Fenman. The bulk of the South Australians incline towards Sir Garnet, though I've a greater regard for his country man, Lavington, who never looked so well as he does now, and Topaz will be very hard to beat Nobody better deserves a winning turn than Lavington's owner and trainer. Welcome Jack carries a good deal of New Zealand money ; the Tasmanians are fond of the chances of Sheet Anchor and Coronet; the New South Welshmen go for Battailous, Surrey, and Mascotte; and Vic torians generally, in their usual cosmopolitan spirit, divide their affections between the horses of all countries. From Mordialloc the bulletins have been favourable to Prome theus, who in private displayed great form as a two year old, but that dreadful attack of influenza laid him low for many a day. When I saw him a few months ago lie was so big and full of (lesh that I despaired of seeing him fit for the Newmarket Handicap, but I'm told that he has done wonderfully well of late, and having something of a line through Xantippe, the Btable should make no mistake respecting Lurline's son. Of the Kingston lot, I prefer Coronet, who belongs to the St Albans family, and showed a turn of epefed at Geelong. Leporello, Middlemarch, Uistake, St John, Coningsby, and many others have given satisfaction in their trials, but without going further I may state that 1 expect to see the Newmarket Handicap won by LAVINGTON or PROMETHEUS. The Hopeful Stakes will attract a large field, and I fancy Uballa or MATCHLOCK will win ; and the places for the Brunswick Stakes may be filled by LAVINGTON, DCBATION, and HOBABT. The second day opens with the Hurdle Race, for which I fancy Dos QUIXOTE, LADY TEAZLE, and SUNDOWNER ; the Sires' Produce Stakes should fto fevMONTE Chmbto ; and the Corinthian Cup to wavsblet or Ironmaster. PROBABLE STARTERS FOR THE AUSTfiAUAN \- gUP Pedigree. Horse. Commotion Weloome Jaok.. The Plunger .. Off Colour Sardhu.. Coriolanui David .. Panic-Evening Star.. Traduoer-Mist Flat.. us So&ndd-Lady; _llen.. .. .. . KingOole-The Gem.. ? Emulation-Ruby .. Tubal Gain-Pauline.. Die Gondolier-Alioe Drew.. Maribyrnong - Lady Belmore .. St. AlbanB-DeoepWon Pint King-Senorita St. Albans - Quoen Mary Countryman - Tin finder,. Brown and Rose Bomnus-Gigg'.er " 1 8k AlbanB - Prima Donna Newminster - Night ingale Maribyrnong- Aruma Bill top .. EIngwood Silver King Sheet Anchor Helene ., Coronet.. Acolyte., Minerva.. Stornoway King of tbe Ring Norma Jockey. Power Oonn&ror; Ivimy M. O'Brten Yeoman* ' F. Hutcbens or Wymau Hale* Trahan Flanagan RoborUon Moore WilUamton D. O'Brien Gough Cracknell Bander* Oulienor Nicholson Blair To ask Commotion to carry 10st 41b. in this nice will probably jeopardise the old horse s chance for the Champion Race, for s great race under such a weight is bound to take something out of him. Still if Mf. Pearson elects to send him he will finish in fee first three, because he can get the dis tance, while many others cannot no matter what weight they may have to carry. I be lieve, however, that it is more than probable Commotion will be an absentee. In the springtime Off Colour did not belie hisn&me.; for he was atones below .his properiJtorm. Since then he has improved in a marked degree, and having twice beaten Commotion at weight for age, I don't see why he shouldn't finish in front of him now that he baa* so much the best of the weights. Coriolanus, if he has improved since he ran at Hobart, ought to run into a forward position, and so should Ringwood, but without going further into details I shall place them thus OFF COLOUR 1 BROWN AND ROSE 2. RINGWOOD or CORIOLANUS... 8 The Steeplechase looks an open question, but at present I fancy Mbbndee and JSokoI 