THE JULY REVIEWS. Each Review this month brings out an article on Victor Hugo, whose recent death and public funeral has brought him into prominence. Perhaps no single man in Europe has filled so large a space in various departments of literature as well as in politics throughout so long a life. In the Nineteenth Century Mr. Swinburne gives us but the half of his utterance, dealing in superlatives and with a wealth of epithet worthy ' the Master' himself Mr. Swin burne places Victor Hugo on such an excep tional pinnacle that he stirs up some little questioning. There is only one point in which Mr. Swinburne thinks he was in the wrong, and that is in the lifelong crusade he carried on against capital punish ment. Here his reasoning on the sub ject appears insufficient and inconclu sive to his most ardent admirer. In the Contemporary Mrs. Oliphant prefers to leave out that side of his life which pro bably the majority of the Paris mob who paid him the last honours regarded as the greatest part of it— that of a revolutionary politician and Democratic leader. To her he is the poet, dramatist, and romancist, only to be classed with the highest. But even then her praise is not unmixed. As literary works ' Napoleon the Little' and the ' History of a Crime' are unworthy of his genius, and ' L'Homme qui Bit' {By order of the King) she will not speak of at alL But Mrs. Oliphant singles out forpraiae the poem on 'LeCrapaud' (The Toad), which a recent English male critic calls too cruel and brutal to be read. Tastes differs bo much. Victor Hugo loved strong contrasts and effective situa tions, whatever they might cost. Mrs. Oliphant is most of all impressed by the paradox which made the tierce and uncom promising opponent of Christianity draw the saintly character of Bishop Myriel, and show the salvation of the soul of Jean Valjean through the influence of this devoted celibate ; and also that with his strong partisanship of the Revolution 'Victor Hugo shonld have made the repre sentative of the old regime, the enemy of the Republic, come out triumphant in Ninety three. Perhaps even more triumphant is the baby heroine. Mrs. Oliphant has unbounded admiration for his child pictures. Mr. Fos Bett Lock translates an ode to Victor Hugo from the Italian of Giosue Carducci, whom he calls the greatest living Italian poet. M. Gabriel Monod in his reviewof 'Contemporary life and Thought in France,' tells us that the funeral of Victor Hugo can only be com pared with the return of the remains of the First Napoleon in the deep and wide sensa tion it created in all circles all over France. Mr. Henry CMard in the Fortnightly takes a different view from the general one, and beginning by expressing disappointment at Victor Hugo's refusal to have an autopsy made of his body in the interests of science, he proceeds to analyse his claims to be considered the foremost man in Europe of this century, and even his claims to be a representative of this scientific and reconstructive age at all. Words Victor Hugo was a supreme master of. The eman cipation of the French language from pedantic fetters wrought by him was a greater boon than his services to French thought. As Zola says, ' Victor Hugo filled our youth ;' and M. Céard recollects the enthusiasm of his student days for the splendid and daring innovator. ' From the point of view of literature, as regards the exterior of the phrase, the cut of the paragraph, every mau of letters of this day, from the beat to the worst, descends more or less from Victor Hugo.) But though we salute him as the most marvellous artisan in literature, we cannot accept him as a philosopher summing up in himself all contemporary thought. His most splended creations are the despotic char acters, religious personages, kings and priests, Churches and strongholds ; and his triumphs are in tragic episodes of past times. . . . He has the hatred of past ages for science and enquiry. He haa sets of ready-made ideas, from which he never departs. For Victor Hugo an old man is always venerable, a mother always kind, a child always smiling, a young girl always chaste. ... It was by the weakness of his philosophical con ceptions, by his horror of realities, by his noisy worship of a vague ideal, by his belief in a Supreme Being, by his Vol tairian attacks on the official representatives of Catholicism — (M. Céard does not mention Bishop Myriel)— that Victor exactly corre sponded to tbe average French intellect. While M. Ernest Renan is but little read, and Flaubert's ' Tentation de Saint Antonie' is unknown but to men of letters, Victor Hugo, by the very commonplaceness of his opinions, has conquered all the simple hearts and won over all semi-emancipated and semi-scientific minds.' One of his methods of - disguising this commonplaceness was introduced to the English public by Dickens, and largely copied in America. He puts base souls in persons whom men respect, and generous ideas in debased hearts ; and this, our critic says, he does arbitrarily, without profound observation, guided by the outside aspects of men and things, and by the con ventional sonorousness of the words by which they are expressed. He delights in the amplification of the small and the be littling of the enormous. His very hatred of tyranny retains a vulgar bourgeois stamp ; he always represents Queens as being debauched, and Kings as corrupt. These are probably incidental to tyranny, but human freedom may be invaded and human development throttled by rulers of a different stamp. And his morality on the relations of the sexes is likewise narrow, and reduced to the hypocrisy of appearances—in this corresponding also to the average French taste. M. Ceard complains of the irony of fame, which 'after having insulted Victor Hugo in the flourishing times of his genius, after having ignored whatever there is of eternally admirable in the volumes due to the labour of his mature age, after having denied him all talent and refused him all style, the critics, by some inexplicable free masonry of wilful blunders, quitting one extreme only to throw themselves into another, could find no epithets laudatory enough to praise the feeble productions of his old age.' Even Mrs. Oliphant says that in the historical romance Scott by his simplicity, his frank reality, his unconscious delight in his work, shows himself superior over the more laboured, ornate, or pedantic works of Hugo, Manzoni, and George Eliot. Shak speare, too, on a level with whom Mr. Swinburne does not hesitate to place his demi-god Hugo, has the same magnificent unconsciousness and profusion of genius. Victor Hugo everywhere is self-conscious, everywhere studying the effect he expects to produce ; and he did produce these effects. ' As the literary accumulator of all the ideas that were dispersed amongst the multitude, like some marvellous apparatus, he repro duces with incomparable magnificence the current sentiments of the French public. He was the theorist that formulated the appeal for all indulgences, the acclamation of all novelties, the disdain of all fallen powers. Successively and turn by turn he acclaimed the Bourbons, the House of Orleans, Louis Napoleon, and the Republic, and this evolu tion always coincided with an evolution in the public mind. In chemistry there are certain substances whose property it is to attract and absorb all the light or all the oxygen of the bodies around them. Victor Hugo may be compared to one of those substances. His true power was a power of assimilation, and he concentrated with avidity in his poems all the ideas that are formulated around him. Even in literature he is a radiating writer rather than a great generator of novelties. . . . Let Victor Hugo remain for ever honoured beneath that great pyramid of books whose mass he has piled upon the top of his century. It hides the limits of an epoch, the end of a world, and many other things which people do not think of are there really dead and buried with him. But, nevertheless, the building remains grand and splendid.' We have given considerable space to this article, for there has been so much excessive and discriminating praise lavished on Victor Hugo, especially by Mr, Swinburne and his followers, that this judgment of the great literary Pharaoh after death may serve to qualify the eulogiums, even though we think it in some points unnecessarily severe. Mr. Goldwin Smith's paper on the ' Ad ministration of Ireland' in the CoTOemporary must also be read cum grano salts. He is always very severe, and sometimes unfair, to the Celtic race. An unsigned article in the Fortnightly on ' Local Government and Ire land,' believed to emanate from Mr. Cham berlain, endeavours to show that decentrali zation is necessary over all the British Islands, and especially in Ireland. |The writer dreads creating one great municipality of London; he would prefer separate Councils in each of the Parliamentary divi sions, with all the powers of provincial Councils, and reserve for a central body, formed by delegates from the various district Councils, such work as is essentially metro politui in its nature. Ireland sot only has its constabulary, its prisons, and lunatic asylums, but also its primary education, managed by the Castle or its nominees ; and the Irish Board of Works, which possesses powers far more extensive than the English, is practically ir responsible to Irish public opinion. The writer suggests National Councils for Scotland, Ireland, and possibly for Wales, v. ith powers of rating strictly denned, to relieve the Imperial Parliament and to under take private Bill legislation, as well as an ex tended exercise of many local powers. The great cost of private Bills for Scotland and Ireland, when they are to be advocated and opposed and evidence taken in London, is Beverely felt. Mr. St. George Mivart maintains that modern 'Catholics have perfect Scientific Freedom.' Mr. Henry W. Lucy proves that ' Parliamentary Manners in the Housa of Commons' are no worse than they have been at any time of excitement during the last fifty years. Mr. Henry Fowler, M.P., suggests Borne modes by which 'Public Business in the HouBe of Commons' may be expedited and obstruction prevented. He does not hold with Mr. Dillwyn that the half-past 12 rule should be abrogated, though it might ba modified, He believes the right of asking questions, though these may be often vexatious and useless, is a valuable Bafety-valve. They afford a ready check on the action of the Executive, and the information which they elicit prevents endless discussions in Supply. When the House is willing to delegate to three Standing Committees the detailed con sideration of the Army, Navy, and Civil Service Estimates, and subject to the dis cussion of their reports to consolidate the votes into fewer items, there will be economy of public time and money. Mr. G. Blake Withers replies to Mr. Foster's strictures on ' Mine Inspection ;' and Archdeacon Farrar gives a last and very weighty reply to Lord Bramwell on ' Drink.' Madame Gerard gives an infinite number of details with regard to ' Transylvanian Superstitious ;' and Dr. Je3 sop describes a swain of Arcady or ilaat Anglia, ignorant enough, lazy, and dirty, but not superstitious at all. Mr. Edward Dicey recommends us to take Tewfik back to the 'Khedivate of Egypt ;' and CaptainGascoyne narrates his experiences to within a mile of Khartoum. Mr. John Slagg, M.P., reasserts that the true 'scientific frontier' of India ib the Himalayan chain ; and Mr. Arnold Forster, in 'England or the Admiralty.' continues his three years' protest against mismanage ment, dilatoriness, and waste, and enforces his proposition that the Admiralty haa failed to deserve the confidence of the country. In the Contemporary, besides the articles already noticed, we find a short paper by Lord Harris on ' Cricket' as a valuable ele ment inEnglish society,and a bond of union not only between rich and poor, but between England and her colonies. Ten years ago hundreds dawdled up of an afternoon to'see a big match ; now thousands arrive early on the ground to secure a good place. He, how ever, fancies he sees signs of dilettantism coming over Young England, a disinclination to go through the drudgery of the game, and a consequent hankering after the milder excitement of lawn tennis. Mr. James G. Frazer gives nearly as many details as to the ' Primitive Ghost' and his relations as we have noted of the Tran sylvanian superstitions, and be traces many ancient burial customs to their origin in the desire to keep the.dead person in the grave, and out of the house and his old haunts amoDg tbe living. Principal Fairbairn con cludes his study of 'Catholicism and His torical Criticism.' The fundamental problem he desires to solve is one touching, not tbe truth of rival Churches, but the form in which the Christian faith can best be pre sented to our age ; and although Catholicism may have its place and make its converts, it is not the one real sufficient form for our age of thought in a world of freedom, progress, order, and activity. Captain VV. L. Davidson writes a somewhat statistical article on the ' Army of Russia,' with some details derived from personal observation of the Russian manoeuvres of 1884. Mr. G. J. Romanes, F.R.S., gi?e us the Rede lecture for 1885 in a paper on ' Mind and Motion.' In the Fortnightly Review the same writer contests Mr. St. George Mivart's speculations and assertions on 'Instinct.' Mrs. HaweiB furnishes many practical hints in ' Rus in Urbe, or Gardening in London.' She says when people are bo happy as to have a tree in their backyards or gardens they should spare it. That depends on its proximity to the dwelling. We have lively recollections of a fine gumtree on our own premises that throve splendidly, but with three drawback?. It covered the roof and gutters with leaves, it drank up all the water from the well, forming a thick matting of roots in the centre of it of about 12 feet in length, and it cracked the walls of the house. It therefore had to be cut down in spite of its beauty. Another questionable suggestion made is to impose a tax on cats, bo that the wild famished cats that make night hideous on tbe roofs, and ?who do more harm to city gardens than all the insect and caterpillar pests put together, may be destroyed by the police. If this Act were introduced into South Australia, and we had a Cab Act as well as a Dog Act to vex our souls, and discs to be worn as a preservative from sudden death, it would be an approach towards belling the cat, for discs make some noise. Mrs. Haweis herself feels a little compunction in taxing the poor man's and the poor woman's pet for the sake of the garden, but she believeB it would be a wise step. In the Fortnightly we have yet to note a paper on the ' Wine Duties,' by Mr. F. G. Walpole, interesting to our vignerons. In proportion to the amount of alcohol contained in the three classes of liquor consumed by the British public the taxation ia very various. In beer, which Mr. Walpole classes as half food, the gallon of proof spirit con tained in the large quantity of malt liquor only pajs la. 5d. of duty ; in wine the same quantity of spirit averages 6s,, and in spirits themselves 10s. Thus iu beer-drinking England the revenue derived is only Ss. lOd. per gallon of alcohol consumed in all forms ; while in whisky-drinking Ireland and Scotland the amount is 6s. 7|d. ar.d 7s. ljd. respectively. Accord ing to value spirits, are enormously taxed. On wine the ad valorem duty is less than on tea, especially on the lighter ones, which, under 26° proof, run from 3 to 15 per cent., and under 42' from 12 to 45. The 6d. duty on tea, which averages 55 per cent, ad valorem, falls heavy on the cheaper kinds. Lord Stanley of Alderley contests Mr. Bury's statements in the absurdly named article, ' Squires, Spires, and Mires,' in ' Two Daya in the Brixworth Union.' Mr. T. Marion Crawford, the American novelist, furnishes a pleasant paper on 'Roman Life and Character.' He distinguishes the Roman from the Italian as well as from the foreigner. In Rome the Roman is conservative and patriarchal in hie mode of life. The Italian is extremely modern in his habits, and the foreigner is nomadic. Patriarchal conservatism growla at innova tion, and modern advanced civilisa tion laughs heartily at the fifteenth century habits of the Romans— 'It was an interesting thins to watch, fourteen years ago, how the nobles divided after the Italian occupation of Rome ; the separation was in Btantaneous, and there have been few im portant changes since. In many cases, where both father and son were alive, the Bon went to Court, while the father refused to bow to the King in the street, and after fourteen years the two are still unreconciled. There are a few houses where some members of both parties are received. The ?? blacks' (the adherents of the Pope and the priest hood); who frequent this neutral region, are generally those of the jouDger generation who find their own society dull, and are willing to sacrifice something for the sake of & ball, and the houses are chiefly those of nobles who have maintained an indifferent position from the first, or of financiers whost interests are too important to bo endangered.' by such trash aB politics.' _''/) Mr. H. D. Traill's appreciative paper on '. Mr. J, Russell Lowell leads us again to tak« / down the complete poetical works and the ; 'Study Windows' of the poet and critic ', who most English readers only know as the writer of the pungent and trenchant ' Biglow . Papers.' A member of Convo;afoa aska , whether the appointment of .Mr. Napier, o| ( Gottengen, to the new Chtur of English '( Literature in Oxford is 'a joke or a job?' and Dr. A. B. Donkin tries to couoter- ' act the effect of Dr. Mackenzie's last month's article by pointing Out the 'Dangers of Medic&l; Specialism,' which, though most useful In exceptional cases, ought not to usurp the ground of the ' pure physician or the intelligent Rcneral practitioner. 'It may bo fearlessly said and easily proved,' says Dr. Donkin, 'that almost all of the greatest advancements in medical knowledge have come from our pencral hospitals.' Mr. Frederic Mackarness, in ' The Future of South Africa,' complains that British policy after the battle of Majuba Hill haa consisted in self-effacement, universal and unqualified. ' Now the events of the last year have established some important facts. It has been shown to be absolutely necessary for the British Government, as the central, and paramount power in South Africa, to ' , control the relations between blackB and t whites in all extra-colonial districts— the local , Governments are not strong or united nough for the task. The value and wealth ; of the so far undeveloped interior has been ; brought prominently into notice. The In-,, penal and Colonial Governments have joined hands to connect by a railway the diamond-,: fields with the coast. Even the burghers of the Orange Free State have consented to have a railway through their country. British policy should be directed to the steady de- ; velopment of the regions to the north and , north- west of the Cape Colony to the limits of the Portuguese territory.' The unsigned series of articles, called ' The Radical Programme,' is probably closed with this seventh instalment oa . ' Taxation and Finance.' ' Formerly taxa tion was the frequent origin of wealth — not of national wealth, but of those treasures which, as Mr. Ruskin Bays, are ' heavy with' - human tears.' The early mode of borrowing under which Government stock was issued; at large discounts was a Bourco of affluence to many*. The gigantic wars waged from the ' reign of Anne to that of Goorge IV. laid the foundation of many large fortunes ; for the ?. poor they have meant nothing but bitter-. ness.' From other sources we have this month teen reading that from the great: Civil War in America, with its enormous-. borrowings and its paper money, followed by heavy taxation obtained through protective policy, may be dated the rise of those large; fortunes in the Transatlantic Republic which, are a real danger to liberty. Bat heavy. as the debt is 'Tha Radical Programme' j contains no leaning towards repudiation. ? ' What we first want is a searching! enquiry into the cost of the great spending departments. Nothing is more certain than that Parliament has never seriously under-: taken the reduction of expenditure. This, is chiefly due to the Bystem of party govern- 1 ment, which throws upon Ministries a daily] fight for existence. We must now rectify the incidence of taxation for thB relief of industry, reform the methods of collection, enlarge and multiply the channels of appro priation, and reduce the expenditure on the three chief services.' The tendency of modern legislation is to give Government, more rather than less to do. The writer, thinks the railways would be better in the hands of the people's representatives than in the hands of huge private interests. In; education he repeats his conviction ex pressed in a previous chapter that the long standing obligation to the poor can only be met by making elementary education wholly free, and if they could recover all the endow ments left to them, with arrears of interest (which last, we think, it is absurd to expect), there need be little taxation needed for sush schoolB. Not to speak of other chari ties, the apprenticeship foundations amount to £50,000 a year, whioh are due rightly for technical education. The reform of the land laws, with powers for the compulsory pui chase of small holdings, with the assistance of tho State, will make demands on the revenue. . . , It is imt possible in the present state of public opinion wholly to remit the drink duties, but tbe food taxes may be lightened and ere long repealed. The four millions levied on tea, coffee, chicory, plums, currants, and other. articles must be sacrificed. And as we noted in our glance at Mr, Walph's article on the wine duties, the distinction between the taxation of the luxuries of the rich anal the poor is indefensible. The poor man's ounce of tobacco, for which he pays 3d,, would coat less than Id. but for the tax ; while the- rich man's cigar pay but 15 to 50 per cent* The tax on light wines ia but 25 per cent.,, while spirits pay over 200 per cent, and inferior spirit even more, and the common teaB used by the poor pay cent, per cent, in duty. . - , ' The cost of the army may be reduced if it is made a mere defensive service. A good deal may be saved by the abolition of the G over amen t establishments at Woolwich and elsewhere but savings in this direction will be more than counterbalanced by the increased pay which it will be necessary at no distant date to give to our private soldiers. In one way the nation may save on its military expenditure, and that is by putting an end to useless, offensive, and costly expeditions in every quarter of the globe. The cost of the navy will probably increase, but there ia no party of any weight in the country which denies the duty of the Government to keep this arm of the service in the highest state of pre paration and efficiency, Under these con ditions the difficulties of retrenchment to a degree which would be a sensible relief to taxpayers, will be found to bo great. It is by readjustmentratherthanbyretrenchmentthat the people must be reconciled to taxation.' The Radical programme is worthy of grave consideration, because in spite of the defeat of the Liberal Ministry, in the forthcoming elections the power will probably be placed in the hands of the Radical party, 