OLASTONBUEY RACKS, (By Of.D Jorrowks' OTto.?r,) The rsoing at the third nfinnnl meeting of the Glastonbury Joo'/sey1 Clrtb, vhioh came off on Monday at CJlastonbn tyt was very good, some of the finishes being paf* ticiilarly close and exiting. There was a good gathering of visitors from Gympie, and the weather Ssing de lightfnl, snd there being a bright moon in the evening to return home by, the wiping xi»ve provea a most enjoyable one. The President and Vice-President of tho Club, were completions by their absence. The important dories of judge, which wore to have been par for rood by the former therefore devolved upon Messrs. Carroll And . I oh n son, Mr. Williams no' ing as starter, and Mr. Simpson as olerk of the scales. The .Secretary (Mr. g, ftobetts) was always at his post, arid gave every sat isfaction. The starter was not much behind time in getting the horses to the post for the Maiden Plate, for which only three,- Roaohey Sepoy, and Oakleaf- -put in an appearance, floachey, a jSfewbold, won after a fine race with Sepoy, and it will be seen below that the winner appropriated all the principal events of tho meeting. His condition was simply perfect, a long way ahead of every other animal that took part at the meeting, and certainly reflected credit onou his trainer, who is none other than his very attentive and persevering owner, Mr. J. Walsh, ftonchey was steered in all his races hy K id Icy. Is it therefore to bo wondered at that with such condition and horsemanship, his canny owner was fre quently caught smiling and exclaiming ' didn't I rell yon so J' After the big handicap, your humble servant was told that ns tho public table would likely bo aro wood, his presencewould bo welcome at a private ono prepared for the officials. As yon can readily imagine, Mr. Editor, 'J went.' I cannot say that I was much surprised at tho good things provided, for who is tho traveller on the Widgoeroad that has not at some time or other hud oauso to congratulate himsolf that he pulled up to satisfy tho ' inner man' at, Botts'. .fiidgimajAjatt several remarks I heard rli'oppodSHBt some of those who were nt tho puwBpihlo, host Botts can rest assured that m? was success ful in giving every 'satisfaction to thoso who had patronised him. Mr,- Gill, of the Atlantic Hotel, had the booth ; he doomed to bo fairlv -Ol iu-e\r! .id ,,U 'Me ,-te;nu'-. ,\/t (?« l\n for his liquor was of the host brands. A totalisHtor wan worked by Messrs. ii'atrcloth and Binolmtu for tho benefit of tlm Club: Tf the instrument used was not quite up to thoso wo liavo soon oil otliev coiirsos, it wits oertsinly not farthor bo hind the Crympio otio than tho latter is behind tlmt of Brisbane, and other places. However, it answorod tlio pur posy, at loaHt so said Mr. Abdy, who was tho only one on Tull Boy, when lio won tho Hack Race. Appended is tho result of the racing MAITilUN PLAT1C, of 10 sovs. ;' for all Maiden Horses ; second horso to- rooelvo 2 »ovh. ; and third horso 1 so v., from tho prize; 1 mile ; w.f.n, Mr. ,1. Walsh's Itonehcy (HidleyV... .,, I Mr. S. Miibonoy's Sepoy (Bur^oss) .. 2 , Mr, O'Hrion's Onklo.-if ' ... ... ... 3 Ronchoy went oil' with tlio load; tlio ridor of Sopoy ovidontly wishing' to make a slow ruoo, but Ridley wns too much for tlio occasion, and riding tlio lazy Ronohoy, got a good load of six or sovon ltfngtlis. About a qitui'tot' of a mile from' homo Sopoy onmo with a trotnondotiB* rush, and catoliing: Boaohoy, a orent. race Homo took pltico, whioh ended in favor of tho latter by half a .length, both under tho whip. The lotalisator showed Ronolloy tho favorite. PONY RACli, of 2 sov!i,. with sweep of 2s (Id for second hor«e ; for all Ponies not ex ceeding 14 hands ; once rotilid ;' 7 stone up. 'I'hreo potiios entered for this race, but the invincible Rat, by Rltoderio Dim, out pacod ovorj'thing, aud won ill a- walk. THE GLASTONBURY .lOOiCKYC/LUB iiini ANNUAL H AX 1)1 CAP, of 2«: sov8. 2mL horse to roceivo 5- so vs. from tho prize ; -a sweep of 5s from starters to go to third horse ; for' all horses to lie hnildleftppcd liy tho Stewml, or whom they may appoiiiti 14 miles. MY. J. Walsh's b,g;, Roaelit'y, 8st- (libs (llidlqy)- ,, .... 1 MV. D. Cockbnni'tf b,g; Jack Tar, (fst'2!bs (Morodltli)' . ... .... ... 2 Mi-'. G; Bnigosfl's Latebkiry, '.lat-(BrtrgCBs) .1 T.ady Piiitllo, Tet. ?Hl)»j! also riiili liftdy Eitinio, wlio looked' til1 lie as flt.: as ; hands could maku llor1,- wriS decidedly the favorite, but tlio old; rlrovortv ' you'nevor : oati t ol I j ' Ac. , ? wns fit 1 1 jf iljintHtted; in this Iriioe, and tho gatuo Ronclioyj,ridtleti: frOitt . bftgiiiiiiiig'to oridi lasting, tlio' longest, won' iby a couple of-leriHllis.' JiicW Tar pftssed; tlio fii«t; tiling ris;iehkey coming up llio istrniglit, and appropriated' second merits*. STUWAltliS' PUUSH, of 10 sovs., with a ? sweep of 'os each for third horse ; 2nd horse ' ti) roccivo 'J Horn. fi'Om tlie pri7:n 1 itllle'. Welter, w.i.a. ; for horses the bona; iide property of a steward of tlie' G. .V; C. !Mi'. -L Sliripsori'a It. iri. ikdy I'Hnnie I (Hughes) ... ... ... V; } Mr: T, Ilose'ti e.g. llectbf (Brfeyflher) 1 .... 3-' JMi'i'JJi-Cocklwrtt's JactTw ,«? ^ ^ till doiii'no ntnti r; ''1,1' Willi itwu)', Livly KliW' J .,ln UOtHOti but (jmitl llotsotimu un lift. had it t'Uiitilti|f, foliovrotl by Jniilcr,''B. dp His The lnttor oatno with a uollX1' n''' Hnetur, tho fltfrtight. nnd Bittiittfl oV-v'''0' d|» 'dondliHtil,1 worn loudly unlio'l^trn'i ' ,/tiif of the jttdgo ( W, iTufttisuti) 'bo Flntiio lintl mm by a head, tlpsot lirnilioliotiB, 'l'ho ilBUlBlim Wita nnyH'-' 'tit; a popular one, and whether it wns li(f 1 or wt'oug, It wnn tiot'liiitily a nintter fot rei-rtr- 1 that; two of tlio ottnatt) nf Iho nmfo wote iiitllBoi'noti onougli to ho in the judge's Im* nt tho llhlnlt of tlio t'luie, flo ended n moe that ahoitld never ItaVe liotm inelitdotl In tho pt'ogritmute. (joiiipittitits htivo ofton unon iiiatlo that ottr Minors' 1'tti-ss, whioh admits of nny entry Imjttg inndo by a /wt'l ,/t*/oresideutof tho llold, being too restricted, but tho present siindy 1b tho llrst itistftuue of an event hoingput hit, on ruoo pftigrninmo, the money for whiuli is Bttbdotlbetl by the pubiio, forwliluh liotBBB oWiietlby StoWards of tlio oltlb only, tito allowed to uotupol0i J I AUK. I1AUI5, of II bovhi, witit a sweep of y/0 for seootni horse j for luteks to im tpprovetl by tlie S towards. Otitic totlild j wdirt. This (initio nertt, Htitt wtis a Oom pleto ' boil over.'1 jitidymioh wns niado it gtest fftvotile, but tho jenots -was nppropriaied by Mi1, Unr/oll's Trtli Jj/»y. In this ovont tut Adoitldht hiijj|)eiietli iJtofiyte wing, ridden by Jjttrgoss, wiioit rnoitig ftlottgBitlo of Tail JLloy, tibOut a tjtiarter 6f a mile fHJtn homo, titiina ifi tiOllttiot with h oail Whioli Wfts Oti tile irrttik , fttid foil iieaviiy. IlOt-flOttiid Hdef wore tttihilt t, but not so W6re tlio feeiiligfj of tlie owner and sllppotters Of 1116 mare, wito hail from Witlgee, nnd between whom htltl tiie Ownet of Tali 1'oV thoro was a bit of tiydiry, Tho fnot of a oalf being On Hto Itabk nt all Caiied forth strong expressions from llrOtiMw'iog's friends, a tit I it is stili a r/fattor for surprise to toe thttt the Calf wns hot offered uj- as a stioriliue. ALL ACtfiD ST'AKlW, of 8 sovs., with a sweep of 5s for see /rid horse j for alt horses, 1 mile - w.f.a, Mr' £ Walsh's b.g. f'oftohoy (f.'idloy) ,u 1 Mr, s, Msho/iey's b,g. Sepoy (thirgess) ...- 2 A great race from bsgirmirig to end, resttititig in a half head victory by JROachey, yt'YlM h-ANOtfJA f,- of 7 sovs; ? for' all horses that have started in ftriy i aco fltirirtg the meeting, Three quarters' of a mile, Mr, G. Jjnrgess's e.g. Latchkey, Sst ' (flnrgess) j Mr. T. O'flr ten's llrtfc, fist 2lbs (Meredith) i Mr, G. Sirtipson's Lady Finnie, 7st gibs S Jaok Ta', 7st 4lbs, Tall JJoy, 0.it '/lbs, OAkldafy tjsij also ran. iteotor, Vst ^ibn, did not stftrt. .Latchkey went to the front and won easily. The settling took plaoe in tho evening and I regret to hear the Oldb was a little short, 