THE MEANING OF CLERICAL SUBSCRIPTION. s.vrumuT uevif.w, i9nt skftestneg. Tho question which Mr. Hubert Hundley sets himself to discuss in the Nineteenth Cen tury, Why men will not be clergymen — or as the inquiry is limited in the first lino of his article, whv "vonmr universitv men" shrink from taking holy orders, is one of very wide scope, and many different answers might be given to it. Some critics indeed would feci tempted to offer the not very courteous rejoinder said to have onco been made by a Quaker to a query couched in somewhat similar form: " First, "friend, thou tellestn lie and thcu thou askest n question." A large and — at least as compared with the state of things twenty or five and twenty years ago — an in-, creasing number of University men do take orders, nnd various reasons, wholly independent of theological belief or disbelief, might bo sug gested to account for a considerable percentage of those who in a former day might, almost as a matter of course, havo entered — or drifted — into the ministry of the Church seeking occupation iu one of tlio many new careers now thrown open to them. But Mr. Hundley confiues himself entirely to one ex planation. IIo begins indeed by proposing " to state quite shortly some of the hindrauces," but he appears in the sequel to recognise one hindrance only, which he frankly informs us has proved fatal in his own case, lie pro fesses "a passionate fondness for the English Churcit and a disappointment greater th.iii he can tell at being shut ont from its ministry." What then shuts him out? His reply" is summed up in ouo word — " subscription." To be sure iu 1865 a chaugc was effected iu tiie form of subscription which Mr. Buxtou, one of its chief promoters, decrihed as " radical in kind, though too moderate in degree," while lie defined its "express intention" to ho "to make it possible for men to minister at the altars of the church, although they might disse ii t from some part of her tcaeh ing, provided , however, they uceeptrdit as a whole." It may perhaps be questioned whether Mr. Buxton's fcllow-comuiissioncrs, nnd still more whether convocation — which, io liis surprise, acquiesced in the change— would havo been quite prepared to endorse this very curious explanation of it. To ordiunrv tmnrohousiou if is Tin' easy to understand how men of common boncstv niui common sense cau subscribe ' as a whole'' to a scheme of doctrine from which iu detail they disseut ; it oven seems to imply tlio rithcr recondite notion that the whole is uot only greater lliau its parts but distinct from them. However, ou this aspect uf tiie question we need uot dwell, bccuuse the change effected in 1865, whether "radical" or not. was iu Mr. Iiaudiey's opinion altogether insufficient. Sub scription as it is, no less than subscription as it was, is tho ouo decisive reasou " why men will not be clergymen it is nt nil events, as he assures us. tlie reason why lie would not himself iuke orders, and he proceeds to sketch, apparently from personal experience, the position of "a young man at Oxford," who limls himself exposed to this severe " disappointment." The supposed aspirant for the ministry has had during his Oxford career " to fight the anti- Christian unil nun-Christian. speculative ghosts, atheistic, agnostic and others, "„aud — thanks to his religious homo training aud oilier aids — " lias been enabled to lay them." Ho now ac cordingly " feels ou sure, ou unassailable ground ill questions of religion " — tho italics are the writer's— but uot equally so in questions of science— e.g., " tlie theory of evolution " — or of modem Biblical criticism. These questions " are iu the nir," nnd lie is not hy any means himself firmly rooted in the solid earth ; " he cannot really bold any well-grounded notion about them." and can -only lie content lo wait. How then can lie " assent to tlio 39 Articles of Religion and the Book of Common Prayer ? " Why not ? Wo could understand n difficulty nbout accepting tlie Bible', for ho may "think it condemns evolution, but tho supposed neophyte does not seem to feet any such -difficuftv. Nothing would iuducc him " to tamper with tho great inviolahlo Christian faith ;" on the contrary, " no' words cau express his reverence and affection" for it, liis "inexhaustible hopo" nud "inextinguishable belief iu it." What then is his difficulty ? Tlio 39 Articles say nothing about evolution or modern criticism; indeed lio himself observes truly enough that tlicy were compiled in uu ago when these theories were unknown. But lie nevertheless appears to think that the articles condemn them. "To what then docs the assent commit him ?" Can he sign ? " Tho answer comes tlmt he can not. Ho does not. Ho is not therefore a clergyman." Wc fail to perceive tlio connec tion of premisses aud conclusion - No doubt thcro aro theories iu vogue, botii scientific and critical, which are fatal to any Christian, or indeed any religious bolief. Thero are theories, for instance, maintained by somo in tlio present day which are incompatible with any belief in tho incarnation or resurrection, or iu any liossible sunernatural cominmiiejifinn (mm ()..,! to man, aud it is obvious tlmt thoso who hold such theories, or who think such doctrines as wo have indicated falsa or questionable, cuu uot honestly subscribe tho Anglican or any other Christian formularies, But neither sarely can they honestly or rationally desire to enter tho ministry of the Anglicnn or of any Christian Communion. Our supposed "voun<>- man" however not only holds no such views"; he has not eveu made up liis mind to udopt any of the current scientific or historical theories which are in qnestion ; he ouly " feels ' it possible" — the italics o:c not ours—" that certain physical aud historical views tlmt have been associated with Christianity will need modi fication, or expansion, or readjustment, " but lie is resolved " not to accept auy modern historical or scientific theory unless it is sliowu to be in dubitable." Aud therefore ho "cannot sign." Again we ask. Why not ? If ho firmly believes in " the great inviolable Christian Faith " and therefore wo presume iu tho Bible — lie surely cannot think it even possible that any " indubit able " truth of science or history should ever be fouud to clash with it. As to " views tliat have beeu associated with Christianity," there' aro plenty of them — e.g., tlio geocentric theory, tho Relief in tho ilut surface of tlio eartli, in a universal creation in six solar days, and many others — which never formed part of unv other ecclesiastical confession, ami have cnjno to be quietly modified or expanded or readjusted without prcjudico either to tlie faith of Christians or tlie dogmas of their creed Aud it is abundantly possible tlmt, as time goes ou, other like modifications may occur. If that is tho only difficulty, wo do not see why it should hinder an aspirant to the Christian ministry from signing either the 39 Articles or tlio decrees of Trent. Botii formui.irics.de.il with questions of religion, not of science or his tory, aud " on questions of religion feels on sure ground." In very few eases does the letter of Scripture como into contact, still less into conflict with tlio teaching of physical science nt nil ; tlio question of miracle's is a sepa rate oue, to which Mr. llnndley makes no reference, as neither does lio refer to tlio allnt'ed moral difficulties of the Old Testament, wltich to many minds cause more perplexity lliau auv ullcged scientific or historical contradictions. However he is, or was — for lie half retracts iu a postcrint— nuitc clear that Clerical Subscrin- tion eveu as modified in 1865 is a fatal bar to liis hypothetical "yonng man" entering tlie ministry ; and lie proceeds to suggest n alterna tive, or rather two alternatives, on which we liave a word to say. Tho first alternative is this : " Subscriptions might be omitted; and at ordination clergymen might promise to iisc, in public services, onlv tho Church formularies, and to teach nothing in opposition to tlicm." And the Dean of Llandaff is quoted in favour of this proposal, though it docs not appear tliat lie has ever either advocated or approved it. Tho obvious criticism whicb suggests itself on sncli a scheme is that it must either provo nugatory or a good deal worse. It is difficult to imagine any honest man who desires to fill the office of a religious teacher, nnd cares twopenco about truth of any kind, pledging himself "to teach nothing in opposition to" doctrines ho thinks untrue ; nud if ho believes them to ho true, why should lie wish to ho re lieved from saying so ? His cougrer/ntiou ut least liavo somo right to ho assured tlnit lie be- licTcs what ho teaches and teaches what lio be lieves. Tho second alternative, for which the lute Deans Milniau nnd Stanley arc quoted quite correctly (his time — is nt "least a simpler and more consistent, and so far a less objection able one, though the same fundamental objec tion holds good against both alike. Dean IHil- man proposed " that tbo use of the liturav be the (only) doctrinal test for clergymen, '''"and Dean Stapley more summarily declared that " the remnant of subscription left after 1865 should be abolished if " it keeps a single member o f the Church oj England from outerii"- tlio ministry," which meant in bis mouth if it keeps a single English citizeu from entering the ministry. For all Englishmen arc regarded by a kind of legal fiction, and, as lie repeatedly insisted, ure. rightly regarded, as members of the Established Church. Now here again it mar be E.iid that no honest man would consent, whether with or witiiout a specific pledge, to use a liturgy in tlie doctrines in which he did not believe, whilo, if he does believe them, it cau lio no ' relief " to be excused from avowing his belief. But some people arc very ' pnzzlc-bcadcd or very perverse in flieir notions of honesty, and for them the relief might well be too dearly purchased nt the cost not only of their congregations, hut of the gencret credit and welfare of the church. This is :io imaginary picture. The late Bishop Hinds, after lie had resigned liis See. published a pamphlet arguing that a clergyman who hud become a convinced Atheist not oulv sv.is not bound to resign his cure, hut ought as nutter of duty to retain it, aud while conforming to the prescribed ritual, to preach the faith — or uufaith — that is in him from the pulpit, and the same audacious para dox was propounded by tlie late Lord Amber- ley. lu his earliest theological work, ou I he .1 rictus, Mr. Newman — as ho then was — ex- plaiucd at length how tho necessity of subscrip tion to formal creeds soon made itself nppaicut, though it may in one sense he regarded as a necessary evil, and especially how tho imposi tion of snch a test was shown to ho an indis pensable condition of the clerical office. Mr. Hundley cites in his postscript a statement of the present Archbishop of Canterbury as favor ing his contention ; wo do uot so construe it ourselves : — " I need not shrink from saying." writes tho Archbishop of Cauterburv, " that I havo-often gone over thu pages of some anti-Christian jour nal with care, and failed utterly to find ono of tho assailed beliefs really understood. Thero was not what I (or any Christian I know) be lieved, but what some (probably lioncst) persons imagino we believe."' Do not'theso misappre hensions arise beeauso the scientific and his torical latitude of tho Euglisli Church is.cqily as it wero privately permitted, and not authorita tively and formally avowed ? For that church there seems to be a free unwritten constitution growing up around the constitution written and fettered. Tlio Articles of Beliof are brought iuto touch with the cultured consciousness of to-day, nud are regenerated in tho process. But tho larger spirit is latent ; what is patent is tho restriction. The lYmiuto's words do not nt all convey to our apprehension the meaning that creeds are a " patent restriction" from which thero is a " latent'' escape hy wriggling out of their plain sense, but that whiio creeds embody the real belief of the church, they must lie caro- lul'y distinguished from what " sonic persons " — in igtiorntico or malice, as the case may be — ' imagino wc believe," but which no Christiuu really does believe. Mr. Haudlcy himself seems to have fallen, finite niioonseioiislv uo doubt, into a very similar confusion of thought. Subscription docs uot exclude tho freedom for which, if we rightly understand hint, ho contends ; tho licence which it does exclude, it would be suicidal for tho Church to concede. 