irrnns or szcioh. Good Wool. — Mr. Donald M'Lellan has shorn) us a sample of fleece which speaks well for the excellence of the Wan- ganella rams. The specimen in question was cut from a ram owned by Mr. Carter, and a son of the ram " Conqueror," which won five first prizes, including the first 150 -guinea challenge enp, at BaUarat. The wool is long in the staple, dense, fine, but rather dry and discolored by ticks. As a two-year-old this ram cut .15 lbs. aozs. of wool, and this season, after being eight months among the ewes and becoming the sire of 98 lambs, he has cat 161bs. of wool such as that described. The Return of Mb. P. Learmonth. — The R.M.S. "Shannon," in which onr respected townsman, M. P. Learmonth, is a passenger, arrived at Albany on Monday, and should reach Melbourne on Sunday next. It is proposed to accord Mr. Lear month a public reception during next week, in which the Borough Council, the Hospital Committee, the various Temperance So- .cieties, representatives of the Weslcyan and other churches, and a representative of the Colleges will take pgrt. At the meeting of the Hospital Committee on Tuesday, Messrs. Constable and Ken nan were deputed to represent the Committee, and Mr. Lear month will, on behalf of the Temperance Societies, be presented with a handsomely illuminated copy of the address handed to him previous to his departure for Europe. This address, which is now on view at Mr. J. E. Kennan's will repay inspection, two of the most artistic features in it being capital representations of the Hospital and ColWe, with the history of which Mr. Learmonth has for many years, being closely identified. There is every reason to believe the recep tion will be on a grand scale. Cricket. — A meeting of the com mittee of the-Hanulton Cricket Club was held last evening, when the balance-sheet was produced, showing a deficit of £13 8s 4d. Against this, however, some £7 or £S was due for outstanding subscriptions. This was adopted, and :the resignation of Mr. D. B. Macmillan, as honorary secretary, was re ceived with regret. The meeting was then held, Mr. Rippon presiding. The balance-sheet having been read arid adopted, Mr. W. R- Skene was unanimously re elected president, as also was Mr. Bloom- field as vice- president. Mr. Heales having declined to be nominated -again, Mr. J. Thomson was dectcd as "Mr. Bloomfield's colleague. Mr. Farroll was unanimously : re-elected honorary treasurer, and- Mr. S. Mott elected honorary secretary. Committees were appointed as follows: — 'General— Messrs: Dminon,1 J. Learmonth, H. M'Lellan, iPalmer, Rippon, Sheffield aiid WalL Match Committee : Messrs. Bloom- field, Dnnnon and Rippon- Ground Com mittee: .Messrs. Farroll, H. M'Lellan and S. Mott, . It was decided that the secretary should'call upon members who have omitted to pay last years subscription, and to Open the season on Saturday week with a match, town! v. . country, Messrs. Aliearn "find Cameron to collect the country team, and Messrs. M'Lellan and Sheffield 'the town representatives. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought, the meeting to 'a close, it, being-decided to do nothing with reference to' the Salt Challenge Cup, bnt "leave that trqphyin the hands of the Corthmd com mittee... , j ; . " ,L -j 'Benshobst Petit Sessions. — Mr. ! F. K- Orme. P.M., 4attended pt this Court yesterday, wbenthe oqly case for hearing :(irais.,one te ,'iriiich..Faizri>eth Arthur sum- inoned jJohn Cameron ior the, maintenance -jof jsh>4R£gitimste ,<chaA r Messrs. Samuel , «nd>T(amer, ;wfi<J lfl lahtihg respec- tirdy fte tk cotryandd&endt;, effected a tettiemimh" without any of-'ihe partieB appearing wt 'Court. The Bench aroordingly gaye jndgmentOn acootdaaeet HfiqUh (the toons of tire-jwrittra1 .conseht, and 6a. a wedi for the cluld'g uuHntknaoee, Rndj Closed Koads. — By our Melbourne telegram it will be observed that at last the very important question of (dosed roads is to be fully discussed in' Parliament. A notice of motion oh this subject has been given by Mr. M'Leaa, one of the members bur Gippe- l&nd;, embodying the suggestions originally made in these columns, and Mr. Service, thanks to the action taken by Messrs. Officer and McLean, has consented to set apart a night for its discussion. The Railway Commissioners ar- zived at Hamilton byspedaltr&mlastevening; at about half-past eight o'clock, and in the absence of any cab or other vehicle to meet' them, they walked from the Railway Station to Coe's Victoria Hotel. > Subsequently they were visited by the Mayor and TownClerk, as reported in another column. The Faudeebb Train on Tuesday as it arrived from Portland, consisted of eight carriages and two break vans, and there was a crowd of three hundred people to meet it on its arrival at Hamilton. Only one hundred and forty of these, however, were travellers, the larger number of persons assembled being spectators and friends seeing their be longings away. There was not a "great deri of room to spare in the carriages when onr contingent was added to the ex cursionists from Portland and Intermediate stations, and we learn on the best authority that the train filled to its sitting capacity at the other stations nearer Melbourne' where tickets- had been sold. The porters and police had some trouble to keep the crowd back, as the single engine drawing an overload of living freight moved off and then good-byes were said and handkerchiefs waved. The excursionists included only a small proportion of children, and although many of the farming class took advantage of the opportunity, quite an equal number of non-agriculturists went by the train. Pleasant Sumheb Trips. — During the heat of summer there can be no more delightful place of resort " the tight? little island" of Tasmania. Hie scenery there is most picturesque, the temperature, after the broiling heat of Australia, delight ful, mid the cost of living sufficiently reasonable. Under these circumstances we have much pleasure in attention to Messrs. W. Howard Smith ana Son's adver tisement, in which it is aHnnnnw»J that well known firm have established a new line of steamers to run between Melbourne and the North-West ports of Tasmania. This is the most attractive and agreeable route to that colony, Formby being now connected by railway with Bobart in the soutland Lwn- ceston in the north, and it is the direct route to the great tin district of Mount Bischoff. Forget-Me-Not. — Such a treat as that which is in store for the play-goers of this district to-morrow night is one that oc curs seldom in a life-time. ' Mies Genevieve . Ward, who is, undoubtedly, one of the most talented actresses who have ever ventured south of the equator, is to appear in " For- get-Me-Not," a piece in which, night after night, she drew crowded audiences in Md- bounie. We have had the pleasure of seeing her in this, and can safely say that a more thrilling impersonation of a scheming woman of the world was never given on any stage. She is also very ably supported by Mr. Ver non, who, in his own particular line, has had few equals and no superiors in this colony. " Forget-Me-Not,7' as placed on the stage as it was at the Princess's in Melbourne, is a piece that, once seen, is never forgotten, and if high-class delineation of character is ap- predated, as we believe it is in this district, Miss Genevieve Ward will not have cause to regret paying a visit to Australia Felix, as Major Mitchell called thig portion of Vic toria. Railway Extension. — We find the following in Wednesday's Camperdown Chronicle : — " The residents of the important district west of Camperdown, will doubtless be glad, to learn that railway extension will not be deferred for any length of time now. During -an interview with the Railway Com missioners yesterday, we ascertained that it is their intention shortly to invite tenders for the construction of the section of the Camperdown to Warrminbool line of rail way as far as Terang. It is possible that tenders may be invited within a month ; but at any rate the Department intend to advertise them before the end of the year. It was generally thought in this district that the line through to Warrnambool would be let in one contract, bnt Mr. Speight and his brother Commissioners are anxious to expedite matters if possible. The surveys, &c.;, are completed as far as Terang, and it is frit that it would delay matters very con siderably if the letting of the completed section was deferred until the whole linp was ready. Hie work will necessarily be considerably advanced by . the letting of the portion to Terang, an idipoitant district will sooner receive all the benefits attached to railway communication. There wOl be no unnecessary delay in 'for tenders for the section from Terang to Warrnam bool as soon as all snrveys, plans, Ac., are completed." Service op Song. — The Temperance Hall was fairly filled on Tuesday evening, when the Wesleyan Choir rendered a service of song, entitled "Uncle Tom,'9 illustrative of scenes in that life so thrillingly described by Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe. Mr. G. Howe acted as conductor, and the choir was assisted by several of the leadingjrocalists of the town, including Mr. John Thomson, and Mrs. Hllyer. Hie winging throughout was really good while' the reading of the various passages was considerably enhanced by tlip clear and . distinct articulation of the Rev. C. H. Tngamells, who ably per formed his part. Mr. Howe deserves praise for the able manner in which he conducted, and the choir as a whole, may be congratu lated on their rendering of the piece. We learn that the funds of the choir, in aid of which the service of song was given, will be benefited to the extent of several pounds. Railway Surveys.— Onr Warrnam bool correspondent mentions in his communi cation now published, that Messrs. Tulloch and party having finished their work in con nection with the Warrnambool railway station, they have now gone westward sur veying the line to Koroit. The natural and proper continuance of this survey will be from Koroit to Hamilton via Penshurst. The Talbot Show is to be Ldd to day and to-morrow, and it is satisfactory to know that the sheep of this district will be represented thereat. On Tuesday, Messrs. Christie Bros, left by train for Talbot, tak ing with them twelve of their very best long- wool sheep, 'which cannot but favorably im press breeders in that district. Entertainment.— On Monday even ing Professor Carl, the deaf and dumb ex hibitor, gave one of his interesting enter tainments in the State-school. Notwith standing the amount of sickness prevailing, there was a good attendance both of children and adults, who were all highly pleased with ' the very instructive and interesting evening's amusement. ' Stock and Stations. — Messrs. MDermott, Longhnan, and Scarr report having sold on account of the executors of the late J). J. O'Neill, his country situated in the Kimberiey District f Western Aus tralia, comprising the Mocks known as Nos. ES65, K666, K667, K668, K669, K670, "K671, and'K672, cantaimner 'an area of 400,000acros of huqd. The New Attraction in Mel bourne is 'undoubtedly the emporium that has been opened by Messrs. Thomas Webb and Son, thei celebrated glass and qhina . manufacturers .of . Stourbridge. So beauti ful, indeed, 'are inany of the productions there to be seen, that the place might with great truth, be called "a gallery , of aft"1 Melbourne papers have recently given very glowing accounts of the opening of the new show rooms of "this firm, in CollmB street east, Melbourne, which appear to be the largest and most beautifully fitted premises of - the kind south of -the equator. On .entering the show rooms , the visitor is al- most bewrldered-by the brilliant effect of the shimmering 'crystal ; the wonderful and costly cameo-glass ; the pearh bloom dccora- tions in all shades of colours, which must be seen to be at all understood, so , entirely novel are'iis effects ; 4he costly, cut ml en- gravedtable crystal. ' 'ThegreatTarietaesof" lovely china bhuds, ornament8, vases, etc.. ! defy, .description of Worcester, CopelandL Mintpn, Moore, , Wedpod, >Choisy, | Baiaice, and other English' mid Continental j makes-tp Say nothing of (he Ivory and gold l vfare4 -the ruby bdwls, didies, etei not Jor- 1 getting the new Canaryansns flower Stands." j txrofilro thah by anymeans- oonfine themselves to costly 1 .arii Abf: ,d Apart a j The Bishop of Ballarat. — The Right Rev. Dr. Thornton, Anglican Bishop of Ballarat, is, his numerous admirers will regret to learn, very ilL . He is suffering from a painful affection of the throat. I Chubch of England Bazaar. — It will be remembered that a large quantity of choice articles remained as a surplus when the recent bazaar closed. These are to be again submitted to the public on the 14th and 15th insts., the land board days, and, doubtless, will attract many visitors to the TownHalL The Salt Challenge jCop.— If we may assume that our correspondent at Warr nambool correctly reflects the feelings, views, and opinions of the W.C.C., we must say that the excuse now offered to the Hamilton C.C., over the Salt Challenge Cop business is more ingenious -than satisfactory. "It seems," he writes, "a letter has gone astray, causing a breach in the negotiations, and the existing misunderstanding." On the part of Hamilton, there was certainly no misunder standing, and we must here repeat the sim|)le facts, namely, that the W.C.C. having declined the challenge sent from this club to play a match for the Cup, retained possession of the trophy in defiance of all rule in such cases made and provided. No wonder that the Warmapndlians would like to " lay toe ghost" which haunts them, and we confess to being better able to under stand their feelings than admire their tactics. Mr. Jahes Johnston has opened in Bath-street, Ballarat, as an auctioneer, stock, station, and commission agent. In a paragraph appearing in onr last issue toe name of Mr. Gooch (the agent from whom the advertisement came) was accidentally sub stituted for that of toe Mr. Johnston afore- ho, ana we Hasten TO maue xms rawer material correction. Dentistry. — Mr. Mawson, Dentist, may be consulted at Penshnrst, Saturday, I7tb October ; Hamilton, Monday and Tues day, 19th and 20th ; Branxholme, Wednes day, 21st ; ' Graasdale, ' Thurday, 22nd ; Merino, Friday, 23rd ; Casterton, Saturday, 24th.— fadvt.1 Dentistry. — Mr, T. A. L. Roberts, Surgical and Mechanical Dentist, Kepler- street, Warrnambool, can. be consulted as' follow : — Cftramnt, Farmers' Hotel, on Wednesday, 21st Oct.; Penshurst, Penshnrst Hotel, Thursday, 22nd ; Hamilton, Victoria Hotel, Friday, 23rd, and Saturday, 24th ; Portland, Mac's Hotel, 25th, 26th, and 27th; Macartbur, Victoria Hotel, Wednesday, 28th ; Belfast, Wade's, chemist, Thursday, 29th. Artificial teeth mounted on gold or, vulcanite ; ' teeth stopped, scaled, and extracted. Patients waited upon at -their private residences. Consultation free. Dentistry. — Mr. Thwaites, Surgeon Dentist, Koroit-street, Warrnambool, can be consulted as follows : — Caramnt, Commer cial Hotel, October 28th ; Penshurst, Pens hurst Hotel, October 29th ; Hamilton, .Com mercial Hotel, October 30th and 31st, and November 1st; Coleraine, Coleraine Hotel, November 2nd; Casterton, Glenelg Hotel, November 3rd and 4th ; Ghetwynd, -Gor man's Hotel, November 5th; Harrow, Her mitage Hotel, November 6th and 7th ; Apaley, Border Inn, November 9th ; Eden hope, PRven'a Hotel, November 10to ; Bal moral, Western Hotel, November 11th ; Cavendish, Bon yip Hotel, November 12th ; Hamilton (return), November 13tb and 14th; Portland, Mac's Hotel, November 16th, 17tli and 18th ; Belfast, Star of the West, No vember 19th. — Advt. 