ROCKHAMPTON. FRIDAY, JOLY 31, 18S5. MK. GLADSTONE'S DEFEAT. IN the Lome papers just received we have ample details of the debate in the Imperial Parliament, which ended in thc defeat of the Liberal Government, lt ?will be remembered that when the intel- ligence reached this country, that the Budget resolutions of the Chancellor of the Exchequer had been rejected by tho House of Commons, we expressed the opinion that tile fall of thc Ministry was due to the hostility of tile public-house i»terest. Other influences, we pointed out, were at work in bringing about dis- aster, but its consummation was owing to the proposal to tax the poor man's beer. Though sneered at for entertaining such views, we have now proof that we were right in holding them. Mr. Gladstone's own words may be accepted as fair evidence on the point, and at the close of Iiis reply to the Opposition criticisms, just before the fatal division was taken, we find him saying-" The choice lay between a taxation of alcoholic liquors, tea, and sugar, and lie did not envy the Opposition if they gained the victory." Most of thc hon. members who spoke in the course of the debate, addressed themselves to the discussion of the beer and spirit duties, showing thereby that they attached tho utmost importance to the manner in which it was proposed to dca' with them. The press, moreover, in commenting on the result of the debate, and fall of the Ministry, demon- strated the prevalence of the same view in the country. The Thuns told the Opposition they could hardly be very proud of, or very happy in their suc- cess ; nnd'said the cause which mainly contributed to the Ministerial disaster ?was the feeling that, after all, the burdens the nation was asked to bear liad been imposed with- out visible gain. The meaning of that was, that, though the tax were increased, the diininutionof consumption wouldleod to the change in the amount of revenue being Very unapparent. -"Hie-1 Morning Advertiser put the matter very plainly when it said-" The brewers petitioned, the distillers memorialised, the licensed victuallers remonstrated, the working men held their meetings in every big town throughout the country, to protest ¡ against any aggravation of their burdens. But he (Mr. Childers) weighed the ! temperance vote against them all, and he hos to pay for the mistake in thc ruin of his own reputation, as a financial minister, and the downfall of the Ministry." Other evidence, equally direct and convincing, might be added to the foregoing, but that the immediate cause of Mr. Gladstone's defeat was his attempt to tax the poor man's beer, will not now be doubted. - Tile peculiar interest colonists have in the matter arises from the evidence it affords of the potency- of what some ad- verse commentators call " pot-house influence," in controlling thc affairs of a great country. In what has been described as tho battle between spirits and tea, thc Tory party have been re- flected upon for degrading the old nobility by an alliance with the barons and vassals of bungs. There can be no doubt as to thc power of tho latter, and that it was exerted on behalf of the Opposition at the late Ministerial crisis we have already demonstrated. No one will dispute the obvious conclusion, that in dealing with the subject at issue the people of tho United Kingdom woulJ be actuated far more by material than political considerations. The majority would think of their beer, and demand that their allowance should not beVlimin ished by taxation. It may be said that it is evidence of deterioration in the men of the old country, when they allow their personal indulgence to obscure their vision on matters of national importance. Teetotallers, we 1 have no doubt, have by this time r declared that regard for the gratifica I tion of their own intemperate habits ledi the working-men, notwithstanding the earnest appeals of Mr. Gladstone to shut their ears to the demands of national and imperial requirements. We arc not prepared to accept such a conclusion as warranted by the whole circumstances. The capability of the tax to answer the purpose aimed at by it was ijucstionablc. Taxation checks consumption ; and it was a fair argument to contend that, if beer were taxed, especially when trade was dull; and wages low, the increased revenue desired would not be obtained. The reason for that particular form of taxa- tion, and the injury to the state which would arise if it were not conceded, were not made so plain as to carry conviction to the minds of tile beer drinkers and tipplers. While we cannot condemn thc people in the old country of being actuated by sordid motives, in bringing about the defeat of the crcwhile strong Liberal Government, wc think the influence of spirits and beer in politics must be re- garded with apprehension. Practically they have a good deal to do with the result of elections, but if they are to become active forces, aud are to be exerted in their own interests solely, then we will have men's lower passions to consider. The.se cannot bc over- looked in the existing state of things, and are always tioublcsomc elements in the body politic. To encourage their gratification is always a questionable proceeding on the part of politicians, and it was, no doubt, this view of the matter that led Mr. Gladstone to say he would not envy the Opposition a victory gained on the side of beer against tea. AT a meeting of the directors of the Yeppoon Sugar Company held yesterday at tlie offices of Messrs. Brown nud Risien appli- cations were received by the sitting directors for sonic two hundred shares of thc new issue representing £1000; and nlso provisional applications for four hundred shares repre- senting £2000 on tlie understanding that the bulk of the capital was subscribed by others. Kow that the capabilities of thc soil and climate at Yeppoon have been thoroughly tested and a good samplcof sugar has been made, it is to bc hoped that the public will joiu those gentlemen who have applied for shares provisionally so that the whole of thc capital may bc subscribed. A SPECIAL meeting of the Committee of thc ?School of Arts was held yesterday afternoon for the purpose of thanking Professor Pepper for thc manner in which he had fulfilled his engagement. Mr. H. Joues presided. There were also present :-Messrs. S. G. Hill, S. Williams, & W. Hartley, H. Mills, F. M. Rothery, and E. L. Hanna. Thc Chairman tendered to Professor Pepper thc thanks of the Committee for his visit to Rockhampton, and for delivering euell an interesting course of lectures. Professor Pepper, in replying, said lie WAS pleased at thc audiences which assembled nightly to listen to his discourses, and mentioned he should he happy to again visit Rockhampton and give another series. He expressed his thanks to the Committee, the Secretary, and all with whom he had come in contact for their kindness. Professor Pepper leaves here to-day by the Derwent, s.s., for Brisbane. A CORRESPONDENT writes :-With the pros- pect of un efficient Naval Corps.for thc defence of thc entrance to our river comes the ques- tion of suitable officers, aud it will bc well for the future of thc Rockhampton Naval Brigade if they arc so fortunate as to obtain the ser- vices of such gentlemen as have come forward lately in Townsville for the same purpose. The men are all that can bc desired, and what is principally wanted is officers from .tho branches of business with which the men themselves are connected, gentlemen who understand them and by whom they ave known. Lieutenant Drake hos already inti- mated that tho Corps should be officered as soon as possible ; and it is to be hoped, for the future success of the Corps, that some of the gentlemen connected with the shipping offices, and haviug some marnie experience, will he public spirited enough to come forward with a view to obtaining commissions in the Brigade. In future complications with any foreign power, we shall have to depend very greatly on this Corps. It should, therefore, be as efficient as possible in every way,, as it will be required for either land or sea fight- ing ¡and it should, therefore, receive every encouragement to keep it in an effective state. AT the Police Court yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, one inebriate was admonished and discharged. John Robinson Macdonald was for the third time brought up on a charge of theft. Ho stole a bruce belonging to a carpenter named W. G. Fass nidgc, and on electing to be dealt with summarily, aud pleading not guilty, was sent to prison for three months, with hard labour. Macdonald was arrested on Wednesday in .Bolsover-strcet by ' Constable Moseley, and ou being told the charge he said " I kuow notliing about it." The prosecutor stated be saw prisoner in front of thc Baths building on Wednesday morning about a quarter to nine, and as he was crossing the road to thc Council Chambers he observed him enter thc building and close the door after him. He returned in three or four minutes, and discovered accused had gone ; but it was not until about ten o'clock he missed a brace which he had left in the building before Mac- donald entered it. He gave information to the police of his loss, and Macdonald was apprehended later in thc day for theft. The brace produced he identified as his property from a file mark lie had put on it, and by the nickel having been rubbed od' in two or three places, Robert Dunbar, a pawnbroker, testified to prisoner having pledged the brace which Fassnidge claimed at his shop between ten and eleven o'clock on Wednesday forenoon. THE project for the regular supply of fresh fish and oysters in town ie worthy the support of nur townspeople. In connection with it a meeting is to bc held this afternoon at three o'clock at the Belmore Arms, and it is to be hoped there will bc a largo attendance, and that at least portion of the requisite capital will bc subBcrihcd. AB will he observed from thc advertisement Mr. J. Richardson is thc Secretary pro lem, and to that gentleman we arc indebted for a few particulars which will he a guide to those who contemplate at- tending the meeting. The matter has been under considcratiou for some time past, and ns there is a likelihood that plentiful supplies of tish can bc ob tai neil in thc river, in Keppel Hiy, and near several of the ÍBÍCS off thc coast, and also oyBtcrs from the latter, several prominent citizens requested Mr. Richardson to take thc initiative. Ile has accordingly prepared a draft prospectus, which proposes the capital of the company shall he £3000 or £0000 as may be decided upon ; and that the shaves be £1 each. It will he the endeavour of the company to establish fishing stations at suitable localities, and to arrange to land fish here " all alive " three or four times a week. Thc retailing will not bc touched, but will be left to enter- prising hawkers, who will be supplied with fish at the wharves. It will be requisite to procure a steamer if the project is to be a success, and a suggestion will be made that the steam launch Cruiser be purchased. She could be fitted up with tanks for the recep . tion of fish from the stations which are to be I established, and in these they could be con veyed to town. Mr. Richardson b sanguin» the company will meet a long-felt want, and that shareholder* will receive a good return loníheiriinreBtniént*. >> >' i <? ": ,\ \~\ \ A COBRESPONDENT desires as to call-the attention of the authorities to a mun' who b living in state of "barbarism, and without apparent lawful means of support on land near the'top of Denham Street. He was re- cently arrested on a charge of lunacy, and needs looking after by the police.. On dil in Monday's Observer that Professor Pepper is likely to have a very successful time during his stay in Rockhampton, and is drawing good houses.-That it is not every day a real live ghost-maker ts to be seen, and the good people of Rockhampton know,how to appreciate one'when they have the chance. TUE weekly sitting of the Small Debts Court Was held yesterday, the Police Magis- trate presiding. In the following undefended coses verdicts were entered for the plaintiffs with costs: - W. Higson and Co. <>. P. M'Mahan, goods, £2 4s. 3d.-10s. costa.; W. ; Hughes ». J. Upfold, goods, £1 Hs. 3d - 10s. costs ; Urambie and Shannon v. H. Nesbitt, goods, £13 16s. 5d.-£2 12s. costs. Four coses were withdrawn, two adjourned for a week, four continued for service, three were settled by the amounts being paid into Court, and three were disposed of by the plaintiffs con- senting to judgment. ? . , ON Wednesday evening a telegram was re- ceived by Inspector Stuart from Westwood informing him that a disturbance had occurred there that evening. About ten o'clock Mounted-constables Barry and Fahey left (or Westwood, and they returned to town last evening. The particulars we have been able to ascertain are very meagre. It Beems there was a dispute between two men at a selection four mites from the township. A selector ejected a drunken fellow from his house, and thc latter got an axe and broke the door open. He also, it is said, threatened the settler, and he was arrested for house breaking. He will .be brought up at the Police Court this morning. OK Tuesday last aa accident occurred to Mr. H. F. Glindemann, landlord of thc Union Hotel, Throe-mile, which has necessi- tated his removal to the Hospital. It seems Mr. Glindcinann was driviug towards Rock- hampton in a spring-cart, and when near thc Poultry Faun tile horse bolted and capsized thc' vehicle. The occupant was thrown violently to thc ground. He was subse qucntly picked up by the driver of the coach and taken to town where his removal to thc Hospital was recommended. So far as wc can gather the consequences of tile accident are only likely to be temporary incon- venience and pain, the result of a severe shaking. IK the Government Gazette of Saturday last a return was published, triving the rainfall at tile Queensland Meteorological stat'ons last month. Once more the Johnstone River shows the heaviest downpour, the register there being 10'25 in. Rain fell there on seven, teen days. The greatest fall in a day was 4-50 in., at Helidon. The records for stations in thc Central District were :-Aramac, 0"78 in.; Banana, 0'85in., Blackall, 210in.; Bustard Head, 3-85iu.; Thirty-three Mile, Central Railway, 0'41ih.; Clermont, 0-G5in.; Emerald, 0'41 in.; Gladstone, 1'10 in.;Isis- ford, l'32in.; Langmorn, 1-85 in.; Marl- borough, 0'C5in.; Minerva Downs, Cler- mont, 0'52in.; Mount Cornish, 0'75in.; Muttaburra, 074in.; Nebo, 0'22in.; Nive, 2-56 . in.; Orion Downs, 0'35in.; Rock- hampton, 0'(i2in.; Springsure, 0'55in.; St. Lawrence, 0-20 in.; Tambo, 317in.; Taroom, riO in.; Welford Lagoons. 0-77in.; Winton, 1-20 iii.; Woodlands, 1-39 in. At eleven stations no rain fell during the month. Tm; quarterly meeting of members of the Rockhampton Wharf Labourers Union was held on Wednesday evening in the Protestant Hall. Thc principal business was the election of officers for the quarter, in which, there being a large number of candidates, much interest was manifested. The following mem- bers were returned for the offices to which their names ure attached :-President, Mr. J. Walker ; vice-President, Mr. T. Menzies ; Secretary, Mr. D. Macmillan. The other matters which engaged attention were of no public importance, consisting chiefly of grants to members who are ill. Relativo to the dis- pute with Messrs. W. Reid and Co., the President of thc Dnion informs as it has been settled so far as the Union ie concerned, rle says a deputation recently waited on Mr. F. K. Terry, the firm's manager, aud represented the. willingness pf members to return to work at the origiual rate of wages-ls. per hour; and that tho interviewers were told the Unionists would be taken on again, He says the promise IIOB not been kept, and conBÎdèrs the Union lias been unfairly treated. Thc unfair treatment, it ps averred, consists in the firm accepting the services of Union men on an urgent occasion after the settlement of the wages question ; and the refusal of the firm's officers ta employ them .now when other men are available. AT an adjourned meeting of thc Rockhamp- ton Tattersall^ Club, held in thc On Stanley On Hotel, last night, there were present : Messrs. J. McPherson (in the chair), T. S. Morgan, J. M. Heodrick, M. H. Harris, G. May, A. Kroning, and Chester Master {decre- tory pro tem.) After the minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, the Chairman explained that the sub- committee had waited upon several in- fluential gentlemen who expressed willing- ness to act BB officials. The following were then elected : - President, Mr. A. Reid ; Vice-president, Mr. J. Macpherson ; Honorary Treasurer, Mr. E. J. Finch ; Com- mittee, Messrs. H. Cooper, C. W. Little, T. M'Laughlin, J. M. Hendrick, T. S. Morgan, R. Lyons, A. H. Brown, P. E. Dalzell, and R. Lea. Mr. Harris moved a vote of thanks to the Sub-committee for their success- ful endeavours in obtaining citizens of standing to manage the clubs affairs. Mr. Kroning seconded the motion, which was cordially endorsed by the meeting. The Secretary was instructed to procure a copy of the rules of Brisbane Tattersalls, and to obtain necessary information to asBist the Committee in making the requisite arrange- ments for the due conduct of the Club. The usual compliment to the Chairman concluded thc proceedings. Ona cablegrams to-day announce tic death of Sir Moses Montefiore at thc advanced age of one hundred years. From Men of the Time we cather the following : -Montefiore, Sir Moses, Bart., sou of the late Joseph Montefiore, Esq., born Oct. 24, 1784, served tile office of sheriff of London in 1837, and was knighted on the visit of Her Mnjcsty to the Guildhall, Nov. 9. He has been High Sheriff of Kent, in which comity he resides, and was raised to a baronetcy in 1816, in recognition of his high character and public services. He went, about 1840, ou u mission to the East, in order to secure ecrtniii rights for the JCWÍBII brethren at Damascus ; and, after his return, having accomplished IIÍB ob- ject, was presented by the Jews of the met- ropolis with a handsome piece of plate as a token of their regard. In 1804 he received the thanks of the Court of Common Council for the signal services he had rendered by missions to various countries for the relief of porsons oppressed for their religious convict- ions, and more especially by a journey to Morocco, undertaken to solicit the emperor to relieve his Jewish and Christian subjects from all civil and religions disabilities. In 1867 he was successful in a mission to Roumelia in favour of his oppressed brethren in that country. Sir Moses founded, in 1867, a Jewish college st Ramsgate, in memory of his wife, Judith, Lady Montefiore. Tn~E Banks close to-morrow in accordance with the provisions of the Bank Holidays Act. ;. 4ü (j o ti <, a ;i ü XJÍ i. ri' IN consequence «JE- the Rev. Mr. Vida's intended depafftrfcior, .Sogland Mr. Curtía* will sell tliat gentleman's desirable residence) °? %,¡Xl*iril»IIP»d,!3íort*lBooatomptot The sale will be held this morning at eleven o'clock on the premises and the household furniture will also be submitted. .'? ?_Li_? ~* 