WYLLARD'S WEIRD, A NOVEL BY M. E. BRADDON, Author of 11 Lady Avdley's Secret," CHAPTER XVIII.— The General Receives a Summons, "Well, fate has been rather hard npon yon," said Sir George, drawing hia chair a little nearer to bets, gazing at the delicate profile with a more ardent look than was qnite within the lines of friendship and good fellowship. 11 A beautiful young woman married to a man old enough to be her grandfather — carried off to broil away her exist, ecce in Bengal, when she ought to have been one of tbe queens of London BOdety— stinted to a bare allowance of pin-money, hardly enough to pay her dresimaker, by Jove, when she ought to have had the command of her husband's purse. Why not cut tbe whole business, Valeria, and go to the South of France with me directly after the Rewmarket week ! I stand to win a pot of money, and we can spend it merrily at Mooaco, I know bow to make plenty more when that's gone. And, hy-and-by, when the General goes off the hooks, we can make things fair and equare with the world, or before, if yon prefer it, The thing can be so easily managed. Look at your couiin, Lady Cassandra, and the Colonel— and tho Dake and his Countess — change of partners all round." He tried to encircle the Blim waist with his strong arm — the arm of a man who had won cups at Lillie Bridge in days gone by— hut she snatched heiBelt from him with a disdainful laugh, rose from her chair and walked to the other end of the verandih, he following her, sorely disconcerted. He had been watching for his opportunity, and he fancied the opportunity had come. He had nei ther creed nor principles of bis own, and he believed that people who pretended to be better than himself were all hypocrites, Like Dumas' hero, he was ready to admit that there might bo good women in the world— only he had never happened to meet with one, He had made himself useful to Lsdy Valeria- had told her what horBcs to back, and had helped her to win a good deal of money since her retarn to England. Her losses had been the Tesult of her own inspirations ; and when she had so lost be had found her the money to settle with the bookmen. And having done all this, and having devoted all hia leisure to the cultivation of Lady Valeria's acquaintance, he deemed that the time was ripe for him to ask her to runaway with him. He hsd run away with so many women in the course of the last twenty years that his manner of proposing tbe thing had become almo3t a formula. He modified his appeal according to the rank of the adored one— had" his first, second, and third- class supplications ; but it was not in his nature to be poetical, Had he been making love to an EmpreaB he could not have rlsci to any loftier height than that which he had reached to- night, Lady Valeria turned at the end of the verandah, and faced him deliberately in the bright, cold moonlight, a white and ghost like figure, with pale face and flashing eyes, She measured him from head to foot with a look of intensest scorn ; gazed at him steadily, with eyes that seemed to read all the secretB of his evil life ; and then, slowly unfurl ing her peacock fan, she broke into a silvery laugh, long and clear and sweet, but with a ring of con- temptuousness in its every note. "You are mistaken, Sir George," she said quietly, moving towards tho open window of tbe corridor, as it to return to the house. " Your almost infallible judgment ia at fault, I am not that kind of person," Bhe would have passed him and gone into the house, but he put himself between her and the open window, lie barred her way with all the hulk of hie handsome, overdressed person. That ringing laughter, the insolent sparkle in her magnificent eyes, goaded him to madness. Sir George had a diabolical temper, and the insenate vanity of a successful rood, That any one woman could really despise him was beyond hia power of belief, but a woman who pre tended to despiae him pnt herself beyond the pale of his courtesy. "No," he muttered, aavagely. "You are not that kind of person. You are not that kind of person for me, because for the last three years yon have been that kind of person for somebody else. I thought you muBt have been tired of Botbwell Qrahame by this time, and that I should have had my chance." In a breath, as if from the stroke of a Oyclop'a hammer, George Mildmay had measured hia length upon the tesselated pavement under the verandah. It was an old man's arm that felled him ; hut an athlete of five-and-twenty could not have struck a better blow. General Harborough had Btolen into the garden to smoke a solitary cigar, while Herr Stalmann played his Sauterelie, and coming quietly round the bouse, he had approached the verandah jast in time to hear Sir George' last speech. He bad not hesitated a minute a to tho manner of hia answer, "Go to your guests, Valeria," ha said with quiet command ; " I will see to this blackguard," Valeria obeyed half mechanically, The shock of those last few moments bad made thought lmpos Riblo. Her mind seemed to have suddenly be come a blank, She went through the brilliant rooms, wondering at the lights and flowers and stnartly-dreBsed people, aeeiog evertbing vaguely, with a puzzled doubtfulness as to her own iden tity. Bha talked and laughed with mora than nsual animation for the rest of the evening. She had a friendly smile and a pleasant word for each departing guest, Bhe enchanted tho artists by her appreciation of their work ; yet she had no more consciousnees of what Bhe said or to whom she spoke than a condemned criminal might have on the eve ol bis execution. It was nearly two o'clock when Bhe went to her own rooms — those spacious rooms, with their win dows looking three different ways, over hill and valley, town and Eea, rooms beautified by ail that art and wealth can compass in the way of luxury — rooma in which she had Bat hour after boar, day after day, brooding treason, caring more for one look from Botbwell s dark eyea than for all that glory of sea and land, for all the luxuries With which an adoring husband had surrounded her. fiho had Eeen the General moving about among his gueetB at the lash Bhe had heard the strong, cheery tones of his voice as he parted with some particular friend : and now Bhe wondered if she would find him in her morning-room, where on Each a night sb this they hsd been wont to spend half-an-hour in light, careless talk, after the people were gone, he sitting out on the balcony, porhaps, emoking a final cigar. Yes, be was there before her, sitting on a eifa, in a meditative attitude, with his elbuw on his knee, far from tbe lamp, with its low, spreading lhade, a lamp which abed a brilliant light upon Lady Valeria's own particular writing-table, and leit all the rest of the room in shadow. Then, at tbe eight of that familiar figure, the bent head, the honoured grey hairs— all the horror oi tbe scene in the verandah fleshed back npon her. The nnntterable insult of Sir George's speech— such inBnlt as might have been ilung at the loweit woman in London, speech shaped just aa it might have been shaped for Buch an one. That she, Lady Valeria Harborough should have snch dirt cast in her face, and that tbe man who had bo spoken could live to tell other men what he had said — to boaBt of himself at the clubs. " Would to God that blow had killed him," she Eeid to herself, and then she went over and knelt at her husband's feet, and took bia strong hand in hers, and kiBaed it. "GodbleBsyou for defending me," Bhe said. I am not a good woman ; I am not worthy of you ; but I am not Buch a wretch as that man's Words would make me, Yon will balieve that— Won't you, Walter?" "Yes, my dear, I believe that. I cannot think JRa_ false wife, Valeria, though you may be an amoving one, 1 have thought for a long time that the sweet words and sweeter smiles which have Bade the light- of my life might mean very little, alter all-might mean just tbe daily sacrifice Which a young wife makes to an old husband, and no more. Yet I have contrived to be happy, Valeria, in spite of all such doubts; and now this man b foul taunt comes like a blast from a Polar Ka and freezes my blood, What did it mean, Valeria? I thought Bothwell Grahame was my hiend. I have been almost as fond of him as if fie were my son." He is your friend, Walter ; yes, your true ar.'l wffe"'631', more 'Tal than I have been as your "hat disloyalty have you practised towards l a- he demanded, grasping her by the ehuuldtr, woktng into those frightened eyes of hero with his tt ij nd steady gaze, tho look of a man who « WiT reB( oecreto iu her fact, even tbe worst. r >. Ba 'here ever been between you and £"wo" which oould involve disloyalty to mei' « n _jw. me> Yaleria I There must have been 8MB meaning in that mtrn'a speech. He wovAd not have dared bo to have apoken if he had not had some knowledge. What has Rothwell been to you ?" " He loved me " faltered the pale lips. " And you returned his love ?" Bhe only hung her bead for answer, the beauti ful head on tbe slim and graceful throat, circled with that string of pearls which had been her husband's last birthday gift. "Yon returned his love— and you encouraged him to come to your husband's house to be yonr chosen companion at all times and ssisoob, tbe 1 nice boy' of whom yon Bpoke so lightly as to disarm suspicion. By heaven 1 I would as soon have suspected your footman as Bothwell Gra hame ?' "He was never more to me than a friend, I knew how to respect myself," she answered, with a touch of Gulienncss," ' You knew how to respect yourself, and you spent half your days in the society of a lover I Is that yonr idea of eelf-respect ? It is not mine. Yon respected yourself, and yon were careful of your own interests so far as to refrain from run- . ning away with the man you loved. What need of an elopement, when the sands must soon run down in the hour-glaBB, and tbe old husband would be gone, leaving you a rich widow, free to marry tho man of your heart. No need to defy the world, to outrage aociety, when everything would work round naturally to give you your own way, Ob, Valeria, it is bard for a man to have his eyeB opened after years of happy blind- nees. 1 was better off as your aope then I am as your confessor." He laughed bitterly, a contemptuous laugh, at the thought of his own folly. To think that be had believed it possible this woman could love him ; this lovely, spiritual creature, all light and flame — to suppose that such a woman could be happy as an old man's darling, that this young bright soul conld be satisfied with tbe worship of declining years, the steady glow of affection, con stant, profound, but passionless. No, for snch a soul as this the fiery element was a necessity. Love withont passion wbb love without poetry, Well, tbe dream was over. He could believe that tbls proud woman had not dishonoured him, that she could stand up before the world stainless, a perfect wife, But be felt not the lees that the dream of bis declining years was over ; that she conld never more be to him as she had been, tbe sweet companion of his leisure, the trusted partner of hia life. That was all over and done with. He was not going to scold her, or to tortnre her, or to thrust her from him. To what end ? The gnlf would bo wide enough, living side by side. He would pay her all honour before the world to tho end of his days. To live with her, and to be kind to her, knowing that her heart belonged to another, Bbonld be his sacrifice, his penance for having tied that young sapling to bia withered trunk. 1 'I have noticed that Grahame has kept aloof from us of late,' he said, after a long silence. ' Why is that ?' ' We agreed that it was better we should see no more of each other,' his wife answered quietly. I hope you will always remain in that agree ment,' 6aid the General. He sat tip till daybreak, and ho occupied part of Ills time in writing the rough draft of a co licil to his will, which he meant to take to his London solicitors at the earliest opportunity. The codicil lessened Lady Valeria's fortune con siderably, and allotted £10,000 to a fund, the interest of which was to bo distributed in the form of pensions to 20 widows of field officers who had died in impoverishcdcircumstances. This subtraction would still leave an estate which would make Lady Valeria Harborough a very rich widow, and a splendid prize in the matriuionia market, ' She will marry Bothwell Grahame, forget the days of iter slavery,' thought the General, as he wrote the closing paragraph of his codicil. It was from no malignant feeling against his wife that he made this change in the disposition of his wealth. He felt that tho act was mere justice. To the wife whom he had believed wholly true he bequeathed all, To tho woman who had been only half loyal he left half. A mean man would have fettered his bequest by the prohibition of a second marriage, but General Harborough was not that kind of man. He wondered whether Sir George Mildmay would take any action in the matte! of that blow. He had assisted the fallen man to a chair in the verandah, and had taken him a tumbler of brandy, whicii Sir George drank us if it had been water In his hall-stunntd condition the baronet had sworn an oath or two, and had walked off mutter ing curses, which might mean threats of speedy vengeance. ' If he is the scoundrel I think him, he will send me a summons, in order to drag my wife's name into the business,' thought General Harborough, nor was he mistaken, for the summons was served within two days of the assault. It was delivered at the villa in the General's absence. He had started for Bath by the early train that morning, in order to attend the funeral of an old friend and brother officer upon the following day. He had an idea of going on from Bath to London, to see his solicitors, and to execute the codicil which was to lessen Lady Valeria's expectations. At the station he met Bothwell Grahame, who was on his way to Dawlish. There had been a reserve in the young man's manner of late which had puzzled the General. He had been inclined to put down the change to a deterioration in Grahame's character, a gradual going to tbe bad, for be had an instinctive preju dice against a soldier who would voluntarily abandon his profession. It was bad enough for a man to be chucked out of active service in the prime of life, in accordance with new-fangled rules and regulations ; but that a young man should abandon soldiering for any other career seemed to General Harborough at once inexplicable and dis creditable. ' Iiothwell Grahame is getting a regular bang dog look,' thought the General ; 'and 1 a:n not surprised at it. lie has thrown away splendid opportunities, and is leading an idle, good-for- nothing life.' And now the General knew the meaning of that hang-dog look, that reserved manner which had struck him as the outward sign of an inward deterioration in the man he had loved as a son. He could understand what agonies of shame and remorse Bothwell must have felt when their bauds touched, what self-contempt was expressed in that cloudy brow and furtive glance. What, then, was his surprise this morning to see Rothwell approach him with a beaming counten ance, holding out the hand of friendship. 'My dear General, I am so glad to see you. It is such an age since tve met,' he exclaimed in cheeriest tones. Y'es, there was the old ring in his voice, th old heartiness which had made Rothwell so different from the race of languid foplings— the haw-haw tribe. ' Yes. it is some time since we met,' answered the General, coldly ; ' but I daresay you and my wife have seen each other pretty frequently during that time. You are the kind of man our neighbours call " l'ami de la maison.1 We English have a less honourable name for the species. We call them tame cats.' Bothwell reddened, and then grew pale. Never before had those kindly eyes of the old general looked at him as they looked to-day. Never before had the General addressed him in a tone which sounded like deliberate insult. ' I have been proud to be Lady Valeria's guest,' he said quietly, his heart beating furiously the while, 1 and have never considered myself de graded by any attention I was able to show to her. 1 hope Lady Valeria is well.' ' She is very well. How long is it since you were at tho Villa?' 'Nearly a fortnight,' ' So long V ' I have been very occupied,' said Bothwell, divining that something had occurred to excite the General's suspicions, and that it behoved him to speak frankly of his new hopes. 1 1 have been working a good deal harder than I have ever worked since I passed my last examination. But we are just going to start. May I get into the same carriage with you ?' If you like,' said the General, which ' hardly sounded encouraging ; but Bothwell, who was virtuously travelling third class, got into a first- class compartment with the General. ' And, pray, what new trade are you working at ? asked tho old man, fixing Bothwell with the clear, keen gaze of honest grey eyes, eyes which had almost the brightness of youth. Both well explained Ills new plans, tho General listening with polite attention, but with none of t lie old friendliness, that cheery kindness which had so often been to Bothwell as a whip of scor pions, torturing him with the sense of his own meanness. 1 And pray what may be the motive of this in dustrious spurt?' askod the General, ' what has in spired this idea of a useful Ufa i' 'A very old-fashioned and hackneyed motive Gouqiali I engaged to be married, and have to think of how I can best provide a home for my wife.' 'Indeed. Is the engagement of long stand ing?' 1 Not at all. I have been engaged within the last fortnight, but I have known and admired tho lady ror a long time.' General Harborough looked at him searchingly. Was this a lie — a ready lie invented on the spur of the moment, to dispel suspicion. Bothwell had doubtless perceived the alteration in his old friend's feeling towards him, and he might con sider this notion of engagement the readiest way of throwing dust in a husband's eyes. I Do I know the young lady ?' he asked quietly. I I think not. She has not been much away from her home, but her brother is a well-known personage in Plymouth. The lady is Hilda Heath- cote, sister of Mr Heathcote, the coroner for Corn wall.' ' Indeed 1 I have heard of Mr Heathcote. So you are going to marry Miss Heathcote — rather a good match, I suppose.' 1 1 have never considered it from a worldly point of view. Miss Heathcote is a most loveablc girl, and has all the charms and accomplishments which the most exacting lover could desire in his betrothed. I am infinitely proud of having won her,' He met the General's'eyes, and the steady light in his own was the light of truth. General Har borough doubted bim no longer. If he had ever loved Valeria that passion was extinct, dead as the flames of Dido's funeral pyre. The man who sat face to face with General Harborough to- day was a happy lover, and radiant with the light of a ptiro and authorised love, When are you going to be married !' asked the General, after a lougish pause. ' As soon as I can set my house in order and in duce Hilda to name the day,' answered Botbwell, frankly. 'My dear girl has to be submissive to her brother's will in this matter, and he is now in Paris. Nothing enn be finally settled till he comes back.' 1 am stealing a march upon him to-day in going to see the lady — who has been sent to Daw lish to be out of the way.1 ' Oh, she is at Dawlish, is she?' 'Y'es, she is staying therewith her nieces and their governess. I am going to consult her about our house,' ' Our house I' What pride there was in the ut terance, The General's doubts were gradually melting away. He could not be ieve that a man who was so obviously in love with his betrothed could have ever cared much for Valeria. To have loved her, and to have exchanged her love for that of any other woman living, seemed to the General an impossibility. lie began to think that his wife had exaggerated the situation the other night in the overwrought state of her nerves, stung to madness by Miklmay's insolent speech, excited by her husband's retaliation. He began to think that there had been only the mildest flirtation between Bothwell and his wife — the ordinary up-country sentimentality, meaningless, puerile. He tried to comfort himself with this view of the case. His natural kindness of heart prompted him to help Rothwell if he could. He wanted to respect the wife he loved, to think well of the man who had saved his life. ' My dear Bothwell,' he said, ' you have come to a crisis in life which most men find as costly as it is delightful. If by any chance you happen to be what our young people call "short," 1 hope you will allow me to be your banker.' ' You are too good,' faltered Bothwell, strongly moved. ' Y'ou have always been too good to me — ever so much better than I deserved. No, Laut wonderfully well off. My cousin lias advanced me a sura of money which she wishes me to take as a gift, but which 1 intend to treat as a loan.' 'That is generally a distinction without a dif ference — when the transaction is between rela tions,' said the General, smiling. ' Oil. but in this c.ase I hope the loan will be repaid, for the repayment will hinge upon my prosperity. I have opened a banking account at Bodmin, and feel myself a moneyed man.' General Harborough encouraged Bothwell to talk of his sweetheart and hia prospects all the way to Dawlish ; nnd then when the train stopped at the little station beside the sea. Bothwell and his old friend shook hands cordially, and Botb well felt that lie conld clasp that honest hand without a pang of conscience. Little did he think that it was the last time that hand would rest in his. 'Let mc know tho date of your wedding,' cried the General, as tho train moved off, nnd Bothwell went in high spirits to look for tho temple, in the shape of a pretty little house in a garden by the sea, which enshrined his goddess. Fortune seemed to be showering her gifts upon him with a boun teous hand. Nothing could have been more propitious than this meeting with General Har borough, who had promised all tho help his in fluence could afford to the 'Army coach.' The General went on to his destination. The gay white city of Bath had no attraction for him upon this particular afternoon. He called on the widow of his old friend, and comforted her as much as it was pos-ible for anyone to comfort her in her great sorrow. lie dined alone and sadly at his hotel, and as he sat and pondered on tiio events of the last week, ho began to specu late how much or how littlo grief his widow would feel when her day of mourning came. Would her eyelids be puffy and red as poor Mrs Thornton's had been this afternoon when he was talking to her ? Would her swollen lips quiver, ami her distorted features twitch convulsively ! Would her whole frame be shaken with sobs when she talked of the departed ? He could not imagine Lady Valeria with puffy eyelids, or swollen lips. "He pictured her mourning grace fully, clad in softest white draperies, reclining in a darkened room, in an atmosphere perfumed with tuber rose and stephanotis. He pictured her u ith a sphinx-like countenance, calm, beautiful, an expnssion which might mean deepest grief, or stoniest indifference, as the world chose to con st rue it. No, honestly after considering the question Bum every possible point of view, General Har- l.urough did not believe that his wife would grieve for him. ' It wi 1 be a relief to ber when I am goae,' he said to himself ' How could I expect her to erieve as Thornton's wife grieves. Those two had been boy and girl together, had been husband and wife for thirty years.' His dinner had been only a pretence of dining, a mockery, which had made the head waiter quite unhappy. Nothing so distresses a good waiter aB a guest who won't eat. The waiter would have been still more troubled in mind had he known that this fine-looking old man, with the irect figure and broad shoulders, had eaten hardly my thing for the last three days. The General had been suffering all that time from a fever of the brain whicii had brought about a feverish con dition of the body. He could neither eat nor sleep. lie lay broad awake in the unfamiliar room at the "hotel, staricg at the blank white blinds, faintly illuminated by the lamps in the sircet below — he lay and thought over h s wedded life, whicii unrolled itself before him in a series of pictures, ai d he saw the bitter truth underlying Irs marriage with Lord Lostwitliiel's daughter. He had" been nothing but a convenience to Valeria, the provider of fine houses and fine gowns, horses and carriages. She had not even cared for him as friend and protector. She had lived her own life, paying him for all benefits w th swec-t, false words, and sweeter, falser kisses. And now the spell was broken, the dream had eeme to an end ad at once, lie could never be lieve in sweet words or kisses again. He had li.oked into the heart of this woman he had loved s j well, and he knew that it was false to the core. The next day was wild and stormy — rain and wind, wind and rain— a grey sky, a heavy pall of cloud through which the sun pierced not once in the long bleak day ; one of those days which nature keeps in stock for the funerals o£ our friends. General Harborough stood in the dreary ceme tery, and let the wind and rain beat upon him un flinchingly for about forty minutes, He paid every tribute of respect that could be p.id to his old comrade ; and then he went off to the railway sta tion to go back to Plymouth by the train which left Bath at i> o'clock, and would arrive in Plymouth a little before 11. He had given up the idea of going on to London to execute tbe codicil. That could be done at Plymouth, if need were, ne felt tired and ill and shivery. He thought he had taken (i chill in the cemetery, and that the best tiling he could do was to go home. He had a bad night, disturbed by a short, hard cough, which was worso next morning. Lady Valeria sent for the doctor, who pronounced the indisposition an attack of bronchitis. The patient was very feverish, and the utmost care was needed. Happily, the valet was a good nurse, and Lady Yaleria seemed devoted, She sat by her husband's bedside ; she read to him, and minis tered to him with the tenderest care. ' Y'ou could not be better off,1 said the medical man, who was of the cheery old school. ' We shall make you all right in a day or two,' knowing perfectly well that the patient was in for a fort night's close confinement nnd severe regimen. The General endured his poultices and blisters meekly, but chafed at the hot room and the hissing steam kettle. ' It is worse than being wounded on the field of battle,' he said. And then, hnlf asleep and half delirious, he began to talk about Sir George Mildmay's sum mons. ' The scoundrel wants to make a public scandal,' he muttered, ' he will bring my wife's name before the public. I thought by this time you must have been tired of Bothwell Grahame,' he said, repeat ing the words which had stung him almost to madness. Valeria knelt by her husband's pillow and laid Iter head against it, listening intently to those muttered speeches. She found out that Sir George Mildmay had sent him a summons to a police court, that the story of that blow in the verandah would be sifted in a public inquiry, that the insult offered to the wife, the prompt retaliation of the limbaud, would be reported in the newspapers, written about, commented upon everywhere. It was just the kind of thing to get into the society papers, nnd although Lady Valeria's relations had not unfrequently figured in those very papers, with various degrees of discredit to themselves and amusement to the general public, she shrank with abhorrent feeling from the idea of seeing her own name there. The da/ named in tho summons was a week off ; and, judging from General Harborough's condi tion, it did not seem likely that he would be in a fit state to answer to the summons in person. The idea of it evidently preyed upon his mind, and added fuel to the fire of the fever. The day came, and General Harborough had obeyed a mightier summons, and had gone to ap pear before the bar of a greater court, Lady 1 Valeria was a widow, Tbe codicil bad not been executed ; so Lady Valeria was a very rich widow. (to be continued.) 