A WANT OF' THE MODERN STAGE. [Daily News.] What has become of comedy 1 This question insists on suggesting itself to every reader of the excellent and beauty fully equipped edition of Sheridan's "Comedies," just published by Messrs. Chatto and Windus. The editor of this pleasing quarter in Mr. Brander Matthews, a dramatic critic and man of letters well known on the other side of the Atlantic. Mr. Matthews has given us an excellent Sheridan, with a bi graphy, notes, and several very attractive illustrations. Perhaps Mr. Barnard's Miss 'Ferry and Mr. Irving OF Lady Teazle and Joseph surface is the best of those drawings, and both likeness and character are capitally caught. Mr. Jefferson as Bob Acres does not look as if his courage were oozing out in the familiar way, and be might even be was taken for the fearless Sir Lucius. There is more vraisemblance in Mr. Abbey's sketch, " from ye Quick," as Doyle used to put it, of Mr. John Gilbert as Sir Peter Teazle. As to Sheridan's biography, Mr. Mtuthdws finds himself working in a " thrice-ploughed field," or gleaning where too many gleaners have been before him. His only discovery is a kind of guesS, though a very plausible one, and he seems to have produced at least a good working hypothesis of how Sheridan "got money to buy out Lacy's half-share of Drury-lane Theatre." The conjunction of Sheridan and a large sum of money was a marvel and a mystery to his contemporaries, and puzzleD the minute philosopher even to the present day. The solution, if Mr. Matthews be right, is not more magical and sensational than the true story of the famous ghost in Berkeley-square, distinctly the latest and finest conclusion of any enigma in ancient or modern times In fact, Sheridan probably manipulated his budget in a manner familiar to Mr. Micawber, and to Pip and Herbert Pocket. He " left a margin," or something very like it. We did hope that Mr. Matthew J could prove Sheridan to have robbed a church to endow a theatre, or to have been the famous Beau Brocade, and taken purseR on Bagshot heath. The real solution, if we have it here, is extremely simple-like all great discoveries, like the real facts about the birth of Moliere's wife, and similar biographical conun- drums. Probably the truth about the Man in the Iron Mask is (a Louis XV. declared) just as commonplace. But everything becomes exciting when a mystery rises round it, and specialists in the affairs of "Shoridauioa heroes" will scarcely thank Mr. Matthews for his revelation of the hero's budget. The same idea that Sheridan borrowed the money could only have been invented by Banjo confiding soul. Why, who would have lent Sheri date, of all people, some £20,000, and who over believed Sidney Smith's report of Oreevy's report that a fortune had been left to the author of Pie Rivals ?" '. Mrs. Sheridan and I," said Sheridan to Creevy (according to his myth) " have made the solemn vow to each other to mention the fortune to no one, and nothing induces me now to confide it to you but the absolute conviction that Mrs. Sheridan's at this moment confiding it to Mrs. Creevy upstairs." of Leaving this affair ten breese (the financial mystery, would have, delighted Balzac) we may return to ouroriginalques tion, whither has comedy flown 1 Like As-' tree but by no means for the same reasons) ; comedy has deserted this earth. Now the historian of the drama, and writers about the philosophy of artin general,! have always'aonle'plausirjle'.'way of accounting for the periods of ebb "'and flow in matters of taste. They point out that a"" luxurious settled society in need of amusement, after a period of strain and streasjgeriërally evolves highly successful drama rather.. necessarily quote Athens after the Medic affairs, Paris after the Fronde,Lö"ndon'äftor the Iturm und drang, of the Reformation and the Catholic re- action, London again in the age of Con-, grave,- when the Stuarts had been got rid of. In such ages there is a demand for J (which is followed by a supply of comedy. Well, surely we now possess all the conditions. Ours is a luxurious, and, to some extent, a refined society. We are dread- fully in want of amusement. The theatre flourishes (as the Irishman said by a natural confusion) " like a green bay horse." We have " humours " as rich and oddities as many as in Moliere's or Sheridan's span of time. If Molibre had Princesses and Femmes Savantes so have we. But what was The Colonel and what was Patience, as comic satires of life, compared to the immortal pieces of Poquelin 1 As the Athenians, according to Aristo- planes " had tried every kind of experi- ment except female suffrages," so have we. But where is the modern English Lysistrula or Tliesmophoriazuso 1 JNay, where have we even a comedy of satire to-day which can be read with so much diversion as a piece that reads better than it acts, M. Pailleron's Le monde I on iron same in of Mr, Brander I Matthews in his notes points to the name of fun which Sheridan found in the humours of Bath. Brighton, too, has its humours, but who dreams that coming | generations will read Brighton as we road the Rivals. i i That we have not faith strict sense a modern school of writers of comedy may be taken as a truism. Perhaps the only explanation is that "no one happens to be going about wearing sheridan's mantle to any considerable extent, as A i tennis Word said about Shakspeare. It is not that the demand is inadequate For a good original comedy, not a farce, or burlesque, or mixoiuolodrama, or anything of that sort, enterprising managers would, pay very highly. "There is money in it may, there is a fortune in it. Ambition, again, is not wanting. Most novelists (and several of our novelists have humour) keep the dream and hope of a comedy in the back settlements of their brain, and probably have a sketch of such a composition, in one of their drawers Once more, our actual dramatic writers have wit. Mr. Burnand has lavished quantities of war on such works unhappy Thoughts, which itself is a kind of disorganised. comedy of OneAfcm,,, His Humour, is Mr. Gilbert has plenty of wit Mr Anstey can make people laugh cm this side of Tweed'; the late Mr. Byron had infinite fancy, and it would be esso add to the list of living humourists. , But" somehow their talent turns aside to, burlesque,wfarce, the Gilbertian opera, melodrama, comic novel to everything but the fine and delicately humorous pictures of life in action which are especially named comedies. The usual tendency of the preacher on such topics is to blame the public and the managers. The managers always declare that they are pining for English comedy. English comedies are probably showered on them in manuscript, but they accept very few, and prefer adaptations from the French, j Now j these adaptations do deserve all the i over the judicious can say of them. Ferry, Impulse, The Ironmaster represent on a British Stage life as far from British as a Chinese or an Erahiruo comedy could be. But they come with a reputation, the public is curious about them, they are to a certain extent"" cer taintieB,'' and managers, who must live, purchase Hand J produce them On the other and, bitter experience shows that the native article, when experimented in, usually ' means failure t Thus managers are shy the rare bird of credit and capital declines to' perch on the lure of the English., would-be,, comedian. That the public is not, to blame is demonstrated by the' success, of , fchakespearo's'Sheridan's Goldsmiths comedies.,. They are never out of season. £1 heir i fine and, diverse qualities are eagerly appreciated. 'In short, no one is to blame but fate, which does not send a Sheridan or A ' Goldsmith into the English-speaking world more than once in every century and a-half. When he does come he will not miss his welcome. ' ' ''' " j 