«? .ECHOES OF MELBOURNE KIM!';':: TV.; (B? THE GrHOST.1 ' ?.. ?:. ? .' ?i/iAfter a week's holiday both Houses, of! utheiLegislature re-assembled on Tuesday.' ?There was, however, such a lack of. work; Ito dbthat the Council only sat for a' couple; ?of,.; hours, and the Assembly; adjourned ; shortly after nine o'clock. . On Wednesday1 ;-Mr; Service n»ade lus budget speech, and, ' as is the custom of the honourable gentle man; was Ies3 prolix in his remarks than ;mbst of his : predecessors. The Victorian ;Premier,: unlike Mr. Gladstone, is not able, .to moist his long arrays of dry figures with; .the interest the ?' Grand Old Man'- can ; command. -But his story was one of pro r gress, and,- as it is not^intonded in any way .to increase the present amount of taxation, ; isrns: in the main, acceritable to honnnrn.hiA ^members. The financial rock is evidently ? inot theione on which the Ministry is des f timed to be wrecked. , : ;.. ' !'? Mr. Bent, who, for want of a better, has ibeen- for the nonce dubbed the leader of : the ; Opposition, had evidently exhausted .his rhetoric on the occasion of the first iTtmdiner of the bill introduced bv Mr. \- Berry to amend the Licensing Act, for, on the second reading being moved, the i honourable gentleman craved a -postpone-. ment for a week, in order to prepare his '£weapons6f:i offence.- The 'second read .oing' is felt to be a sham. The real struggle over the measavo' will take place in com mittee, wh'Ctt thelocaloptionists will try hard to excise the clauses granting compensation to : the, dispossessed publicans. Wliether their mothod of carrying on the war o V^ntrance ? is likely to benefit them re mains to bo 'seen. The 'publican' interest' is fairly roused, and as this will become apparent to the peonle's representatives during the course of thp debate, the fear of .consequences in the fast approaching February elections may, perhaps, cause more moderate counsels to prevail than were the; dread of speedy retribution at the ballot-box not before the eyes of the people's representatives.- '?'?? '?????? ? ' The sensation of the week' in political circles has been 'the report of''1' the Board appointed, to investigate' what is i ; now known 'as, the ','!Fish' Creek scandal,' in 'regard ;to Mr. Richard PVU, - iU.!L . AUU gQUUWUItJU, ? MJ1CU JJVIHjQ magistrates — to whom the investigation was remitted1 find the ' member for Cres wick guilty of grave irregularity as a justice of the peace, and certainly anyone looking at the signatures to the now famous '' statutory, declaration,' and the writingin the body of the document, both admittedly in Mr. Richardson's hand-: writing, can hardly fail to arrive at the same decision as did Mr. Bret Harte 'in regard to the conduct of Ah Sin, that f 'the same, with intent to deceive,' was in very truth the honourable Kichard Richardson's. It, how remains to be seen what course the Government will take, and what steps the culprit will take. That he will resign the Commission of the Peace— on the principle that led the 'bastes' in the ballad anent St. Patrick 'to commit suicide, to save themselves from slaughter,' goes without saying. That he will be content to resign pqlitical^life andjits accompanying J23OQ a year, and the off' chance of ', a Ministerial hiilof ? ia mftro rJ/Mi'hf.fiii ? Rtim-iirl ' T\T^ Richardson decide on placing his fate in the hands of :his constituents, and -as a consequence- be relegated to private life, bf'hiui it'may truly be said that he' will revert to his original obscurity ' unwept, unhohoured, arid unsung.' ' '' ' ' The curtain has fallen on the last' act bf the sensational drama known' as the Simpson-street bank robbery.the fourmeu' ?oncerned in the crime haying. bePn found guilty. They ma/congratulate themselves on having got off very cheaply. Three .of th.jin were sentenced to sis years'- inx prisonment,'while the.fourth escapedwitii a sentence of twolvn months: RviiiAntW his. Honor Judge Cope is averse to long torms of imprisonment. In fact in passing sentience the learned gentleman expressed his opinion that long terms of incarceration,' instead of having a beneficial effect, often hardened criminals, and caused them 'from occasional to become habitual members of the dangerous classes. V ''..'- ': '' - The shareholders in the Mutual Store, ar apparently desirous of emulating1' the 'scenes' which occasionally take, place in the Legislative Assembly. They meet, but to part again after a lot of angry, re crimination, and without transacting any of 'the business which1 'they have' been called together to dispose of. ; Under 'th'e circumstances it is difficult to' see where the 'mutuality' comes ;in. jThe' chief cause of all the trouble arises pwirig'ii) the appetite ' of the directors for : board fees, which ' appear to the shareholders ; to be inordinately, hxrge, and out of all propor tion with either the profits of the concern or the service rendered. ,'': ' '.' ? ' Mr. E!erry,the discoverer of gold in New Guinea, is a lucky individual. Despite the irate, and befooled sharehoidersi'.he is to get oil sepe tree, and not be called upon to supplement, his geological know] edge by a practical acquaintance with the nature of bljiestone in one of her Majesty's establishments. All the money' paid -has been returned to the holders : of .New Guinea ;, scrip, and Mr. Kerry left' in possession 'of his Lauricestbn- specimen. So, perhaps, '.after all there is no;great harm : done on either' side; ' ? : Th'e ! lessbri taught by the little episode shbuld: riot ''be thrown away on intending mining investors. Beware of specimen morigersl ''?? ;' '? ' :'y{iv'- '?'? Despite the ? churlish' conduct'- of New South Wales, the Enabling. ' Bill- gives power to such of the Australian' colonies as miy Vbe desirous, of federating ;: 'the're quisite power, is to be passed 'during' the present session of the' British Parliament. ? Should the parent colony,1 theref ore,: decide f.rt -lniri +.lia nninTi qI-ia' mill Lonn +A v +«!»«! rte « bock seat !' jri ? Jrespect to'; s'eriibrityl' Vic toria;' Queenslain'd,1 Tasinania, Western and South. Australia' are now- the' first 'a'ml senior1 : members' 'of the'^great- Australasian family. It is !to' be hoped that ere Icing New, Zealand' arid;, New ? Soiith Wales will1 'see; the, error 'of their, ways, and .'? unite to ' make brie happy family.':'' ?'. '? ?'? '?'?' i; : ?;'J.uly'23; '??????? ?' -:'-''' ? ' '-'' ?''! ??;???-:, 