MELBOURNE. Saturday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) “The Fourth, the Fourth, the glorious Fourth!” That is what is considered “the thing” to say to-day; though why English men who talk now so much about federation should call' that day glorious which memo rises the severance of England , from her; greatest colony. lamat a loss to appreciate. I would willingly hlot out such phrases as' Commemoration Day and Separation , Day! from the language' of the English speaking' races, and even this trifle might serve to pave the way for that real Empire of the; Anglo-Saxon race yet to he strong and wide] chough to have no'motive for territorial; acquisition, but a.real Empire of undoubted 1 influence—not one whose power was open to question by any couple of belligerent States. The reception of the new Consul-General; for the States, Colonel ’James Morris; Morgan, to-day was attended by nearly 200. guests, and though this was beloW the aver-; age of times past, that fact was to, be; accounted !for by the circumstance that the! formal proceedings were held at an unusual; hour; and I met many gentlemen speeding; to the Consulate General between 1 and 2 who were not aware! that an alteration in' the usual fixture had taken place. Our Ministry, with the exception of . the! Hon. A. Doakin, who from pressure of business, was constrained to present his apologiesby proxy, were conspicuously absent,! and this fact excited some comment’among' our American cousins, who are exceptionally : keen in all matters of J eticpiette; In other respects the official and social rank 'of"the; guests presented, showed how highly Vic torians value the friendship ’of' America.; These social courtesies may'seem to sonic but trifles, but when we remember any omission of them, forms the subject of special circular; report and comment, it will be recognised; that! they exercise an important influence in our official intercourse with nations with which we desire tcT do business and preserve terms of amity. From enquiries made amongst gentlemen who express leading University thought, I; am convinced, .there is hot the slightest prospect of the Ballarat or any other School of Mines becoming affiliated to the Mel-; bourne institution. The fact that the London University admits such claims has been used as an argument, but the authorities of our alma mater hold that this establishes no precedent, inasmuch as the London institution is not a teaching one, and issues ad eundem degrees in the freest and most liberal spirit. Practically, except in the school of medicine, burs does -much the same' thing, but they hope ultimately to" greatly contract these liberties, and only turn but ' Melbourne University alumni with the Victorian stamp fully impressed on them. Cognate with this matter it may be mentioned that it is still the dream of some of the University authorities to establish a College of Veteri nary Science, where young stock-owners and others from all parts of Australia may obtain a thorough knowledge of the diagnosis and treatment of animals, and the chemistry of pasturage raising and agriculture. I fancy, however, that the Veterinary School in con nection with the College of Agriculture pro posed to be established will have the wind of this idea. As people travel much in these days, and country visitors form a large proportion of the audiences of pur metropolitan theatres, I think it only right to mention that they should not too readily accept the judgment of a portion of the Melbourne press on Mr George Darrell’s hew play, “ The Squatter.” I speak as one who had an experience pf over nine years as a writer on the drama, who has been present at every important per formance that has taken place in Melbourne from the days of the' old Queen’s, Bell and Black’s Royal, the Pantheon, and the Olympic Theatres to the present time. To me it seemed—l was present as customarily on the first night—that tnalgvd some solecisms in the" dialogue, Mr Darrell’s play is remarkably.typical of AustraliahTife and manners, replete with legitimate sensa tions which arise naturally and without straining after effect, freed from the mechani cal vices of the modern stage—most present Boucicault, forgive. me—and . altogether in teresting from start ' to finish, V with a power, in many instances, which gives''you that peculiar,- blbod- curdlhig creepy-creepy sensation afforded, by .the ghost; music in the Corsican Brothers. Let me add for. the ! information of those cynics who think nobody in these days can speak the truth without having a motive for it, that I neither know" Mr Darrell; Aor the manage ment, and simply write from a feeling’, that had the author not been an Australian he would! not have been’ so virulently written down; v Let the public judge. 1 Another winter charity ball is to be given bn the 30th iust. to celebrate the opening of the New Homcepathie Hospital. ' J At the inquest pii Barbara Coyle, who died from the effects of drink, the husband was required as ,an important witness; but in his stead a message was received from the Hothaih police station, ‘ stating that at the' tune he was incapably drunk in the lockup. Another expedition'to'New-Guinea is pro jected under - the leadership of Mr Stewart, naturalist to the recent Age one. Mr C.' E. Clarke is the promoter.- . .- . - • ' ■lt is stated that the American barque Obed Baxter,-877 tons, narrowly escaped destruc tion by fire before her departure for Manilla; via Newcastle, on her- last trip.’ • Circum stances indicate, that the attempt; at fire raising, was .wilful, inflammable material dipped -in kerosene having ..been, strewed throughout the ship. . - . 