SRoveUsfc HIS ONE MISTAKE CHAPXEB IS.VL—(CowrniUBDs) By BERTHA M. CLAY. "It looks like a plaoe to be haunted," said Lord Carsdale; u still, a sea- washed jetty is rather a ftraage place ior a ghoBt. What kind o! ghost is it ? " "Well, you know, sir, of course it is no ghost—there is ho such thing; but I tell you one tiling, none of OK young people would some bpre after ' dark, and I do not mind saying that I have often had a torn myself." \- "What is It, then asked Iiord Caxsdale. "To tell you the truth, sir," said the old man, "it is a lady. I think some great trouble has dii^Bn hernisd. She looks like it." ' "What dgee she do?" continued Lord Gandale, growing interested. " Well, she never comes here, rir,before the gloaming,, anddie Is so shadowy, EO still, SO wlute, and *6: beautiful, that people have a • irfpflrJ dread a her. I have seen her often • «?nongh; andher face is quite transparent; it ; irlike marble with the moon-shining on It. t3be seems always tocome with the gloaming, and die goes away with the great darkness. She ate right at the aid of the jetty, there where tbe water toaohesthose blsckarehes. I went to heronce,"continued the old man, seeing ihathis listener was interested. "I said to ' myself there was nothing to be afraid of, and I wenttoher. "Axe yon not afraid of the waves?" Isaid to her; and, air, I almost fell back into the sea myself when she raised her face and looked at me. X did not know that there eould besuoh aiace in all the wodd. w " What waeit likeY'^aaked Lord Oarsdale. "It wouldtakenne nuns cleverthan I am to tell that. It was like nothing I have evs seen^m this earth; it was beautiful, like the feceofan angelin a pidtu^, and it was filled with sorrow. It did not look as though she . had coed—the griefon it was past all tears; and yet there was a strange light, a curious strange light. I said to her, "Are yon not afraid of the waves?" and then die looked as I tdld you. It took me some time to get over that look. Then X said: " When they reach theseblack ardhes theyare dangerous," I said "TeSjI know," she replied; and, for' me, sncii a Yoke was worth hearing; it was sweet and sad as a oooing dove. "Do yon know," I continued, " that danger In this case means death?" "Yes, I know it," she answered. "You need not trouble about me. Do yon see thismarkhere?" Bhe raised her handsuch a whitehand, sir, likea snow-flake—and die pointed out to me a great black notch in JiieWnod;' "YoaseethiB?" she repeated, and l«ud*Yes." "I shall sit here,*' she said, Sfter 7Hght until the waves reaoh here, ~ *$ea6h Inn I shall die. Oh, 1; Oh, beautiful death! I I sbaH sot waveswillcanyme so " " flit, s t w said Lord Cani areshy ofgoing near i I d It nsed to be a famous plaoe lor t now, when that silent figure y =tt*Oa«>ge)ttly and quietly along, every one J^psfchaaas though by magic." ^f^/naA.time do yon say'the DIME lady iimr-«fcMi«a ounada." "^sa^ln flie gloaming sir ; only in the "said the old m an, as lie walked CHAPTER LSVIL WOH AT LAST. l M Gould it be Ailit f" Lord Caradale asked ' himself the question over and over again. jWfcwiad hiB thowhtsflowntoheratonce? wny should that strong, swift, keen, secret oonviotion hava seizedium—that it was she, and no one else? It seemed to Mm, now ^that he thought of it, natural enough that t^dwuKLcome to Fembay—the one happy ' ^sy ijf her life had>een spent here. Gould beAflie.flus woman of unearthly beauty, :1£IIO was only waiting until the green waves ||i|iirm^ti|[aua(&notchand; carried her away ? HeJookad after the eld man, wishing that he ? iadmade further Inquiries, that he had asked ^wU about bar, that he had tried to make out ^r&tfBdie; oain$ irem^fTheri he said to him- §;4df that he W9uld'wait until the foaming wadseefor himself. ' Suddenly he remembered that he could not vwait-Jhenad promised to send a telegram, and lie must dolt at onoe; he could return as soon «s the gloaming felL \- He went, despatched his business, and re- \- turned. The gloaming had fallen then, a slight silver mist hung over the sea; the waves ran smoothly, they were crested with white foam; this wind was still, and seemed to brood overthe water rather than stir it. Zt was so dark, as he walked up that lonely jetty, that he could hardly see; then, as he drew hotter—down at the farther end, oppofc site to the black arches, and watching them 1 intently—ha saw the silent, solitary figure of In his after life Lord Carsdale could hardly describe what followed; it seemed to him that that very moment he passed from the regions commonplace and common life into those of romance—the darkening night, the long, low wash of the waves, the heaving of the silent sea, the line of lightB in the distance, tbe tall white cliffs standing so erect and defiant, the lonely jetty with the sea breaking over it, and that one figure watching so intently. Could it be Ailie? He stood and watched —how long he never knew, he could never tell. The darkness orept on apace; the great ruby light at the end of the jetty sent out a strange, livid flame; still the silent figure sat there, watching the dark arches, and Lord Carsdale stood quite still, watching it. . Then came a strange, sweet sound—at first he thought it was the distant music; then it grew-so strange, so sad andsweet, he could have believed the old fable of the mermaid; than he recognized the air—a favourite dreamy German melody, called " Tbe Lonely;" it seamed to float over the waves, and die away in their murmur. • _ _ it was Ailie singing—he knew the voice. He was quite certain of her then, and he thanked Heaven for the instinct that had led him to find her. He said to bimsdf that he must be cautious; perhaps what they said about her was true—that'her great sorrow had driven her mad; and he .must not distress her by suddenly speaking to her. He went nearer to her, and the shadow that the ruby light threw on the jetty was at her feet, hot. she never saw it. Then, more cautiously still, he went sear her, and looked in her face; it was Ailie—but, great Heaven; how Changed, how wan, how white! Her face, as the old man said, was transparent—it was unearthly in its clear transparency; the sor- row that filled it was not of the kind that sends relief in tears. He saw that Bhe looked neither to the right nor theleft, that she never took her eyes from the great notch on the Uaok arches. He pictnred to himself the dear, green waves rising Blower higher and higher, until they covered the sweet, sad face, and bore her away with them. The picture troubled him so greatly he dare not be silent any longer. What if she rose suddenly and walked from the end of the jetty into ,the sea ? Hestood before her—he touched her gently, and called her by name. "AilieJ " he said; 11 Ailie 1 my wife 1" There was no madness in the gaze she turned on him, nothi&g; but unutterable sadness—unutterable sorrow. She did not seem surprised to see him ; perhaps she had ihonght so much abont him that it gave her no surprise to see him there. Her face could grow no whiter than it had done, but a etraDge light came into her eyes. She never "dreamed that he waB there for any other purpose but to blame her. She claeped her hands and looked into her face. " I did not betray you, Lord Carsdale," she said. . "I did not tell one single word. I would not have spoken if they had killed me." . ' ' Then she looked from him to the dark archeB.wherethewaveBroee slowly. «« Ailie,™ ie Said, gently," will you tell me "what yon are doing here?™ : " "' "YeB," she replied. " I am waiting until £be water reaches that xock, then it will carry me away." " You know that will be suicide," he said. «I do not think so; the soft, green waves will fetch me—I shall not throw myself in. 1 "But, Ailie, why do you wish to die ? " he asked. . " Because my miserable life stands between yon and your happiness,'? Bhe replied; "because life is bitter, and death is sweet." " My darling A.iKe^—my dear wife—listen to me," be said. "X have followed you here, I have looked lor you everywhere, because I want to tell you that at hat I have learned to lave you—and that I want you to try and be happy asmy wife." : There was no rapture of love in the pale face, no light Buch as he had dreamed his words would bring there, no gleam of joy. She looked at him -with gentle, mournful dignity. , "Ton forget," she said," you told me that you loved Lady Ethel." There was no reproach, no anger in her tones ; nothing bat the moat gentle inoredu Hty. " I know it," he said; " but Ailie, listen to me. I have come so far to see yon, my darling; make room for me by your side." She drew aside her dreffi, ana he sat down by her. '• "I want to tell yoa, Ailie, how your, heroism has touched me. My darling, take your eyes from that terrible rook; the dear, green waves shall never take you away—your only home shall be henoeforward in my heart. Ailie, yoa said onoe, long ago, that love wins love; and it Is true. Tour great love 'tor - me has won love.from me." Still she looked at him, and Mid { " It is Lady Ethel yon love, not me." " My darling wife, what must I say to convince yon that it is jyjba whom I love, and no other ? Lady Ethel and I have parted ; we hall not'nuat again ; and I gave np my. lite o seeking for you, just as now I shall give it "Itoannotbe true,"she said,mnsingly. " It is true, Ailie. I cannot even tell you hen I began to thkik so much about you; frankly own ihat it puzzled me myself I id not believe it waB possible that I was flftrning to-love yon. ? Your face tooched me; he sweet, sad eyes haunted me ; the sound of our voice never left me, and I said to myself I-muBt be learning to Jove my wife at last." He took the two cold, white hands in his. " Then, whan I came back—I was only so short a time absent, Ailie—when I came back, and I found that my beautiful wife had suddenly become a heroine, that for my sake, because she would not betray me, she had endured Inaalt and calumny—that she had sacrificed even hfer fair name for me by refusing to justify herself at my expense.. I said to myself, my wife is a heroine, the greatest hotline-of all; there iB no one like her. Quite suddenly, my darling, yon became, invested in my eyes with every great and glopoua quality—with endurance, with patience, with fortitude, with self- denial. What love Was this ? I said to myself; the world had seen none like it—so beautiful, so brave, so devoted! And, Ailie, while I stood listening to what my mother said about you, my heart seemed stirred with a new, sudden, great love—a love that swept through my whole being like a flame, before whioh all other love faded, and I said to myself,' I will make myself Worthy of my wife.'" She looked up at him timidly. " It is really true, Lord Carsdale, that you love me ?—-that you wish to be worthy of me ? —is it redly true?"- ' - "It is quite true, Ailie. Let me tell you something else. Ihave beentoBudeswell, and have made them all happy there. I have told them who I am, and all about our marriage. I have done the same thing at hpme, so that there need be no more seorecy." Some little colour had come into the beautiful face, a lovely colour that came and went; the unearthly light faded from her face, and Bomething of human interest came into it. "I have been here so long," she said, " waiting for death, that my eyes are dazzled with the great, strong light ol eternity. What did Lady Waldrove say ? She was very angry, I know. I tremble when I think of her." " She was angry, and my father, too; but, my darling Aipe, I am going to take yoa to Austria; and when we have been there a few years they will forget all anger, and be glad to see me back again." He spoke more cheerfully than he felt on that one subject. Then he told her all that Lady Ethel had said. "Not will you believe that I love you, my wite ? If you knew how ashamed I feel of all my cowardice, how angry I have been with myself for my want of courage, you would forgive me. Believe that I love you, my darling wife, when I give up with a smile everything man holds most dear—country, home, friends, parents, all for the one true love of my life." There was a lingering look of incredulity on her face, bnt as he clasped her in his arms, and covered her face with passionate tears, it vanished never to return. She held her hands for one minute above her head, then she said: I thank God that He has given me the desire of my heart." The stars came out in the dark Bky, the moon shone on the waters, and long hours had passed before they quitted the solitary iler. It was not the same Ailie; those who tad feared her before would net know her now; all the sorrow and sadness had passed from her beautiful face, and it was bright with the }iappiest love. It seemed to her that no' one. had ever been so happy before, or BO blessed. She asked so many questions about home—what her father and mother had said? what Ease's lover was like ? was all the grand news over Frank true? And Lord Cansdale, seeing how deeply it interested her, never wearied of telling her every detail cf the interview. Two dayB afterward they started for Vienna, where, in the course of a few months, Lady Oarsdale was known as one of the most beautiful and brilliant ornaments of a brilliant court. She was happy bsyond all words in her husband's love, and he had learned to value bar. CHAPTER LXVIH. ANGELS OF PEACE. Six years had passed since the terrible day on which the proud Countess of Waldrove had owned, with bitter tears, that the hopes of her life lay buried. Lady Gertrude's marriage was one of the most brilliant ceremonies ever witnessed at BoEeneath. The Duke and Duchess of Claverdon were present, and the most elaborate apologies Were made for the unavoidable absence of the son and heir. He was in Vienna, and could not get away. Lord Carsdale bad sold dht of his regiment before he left England, and the ap paintment he held in Vienna was a diplomatic one. The countess owned herself more than con tent with the grandenr of the marriage. Her daughters, the Duchess of Olaverdon and Lady R iwdon, visited her very often, bring ing with them blooming children, the sight of whom made her heart ache with longing for her son. During all these years Lord Oarsdale had not written home. Perhaps bad he prayed to pardon and reconciliation, the earl and the countess might have jhardened their hearts against him; as it was, his submission and silence had softened them. One event bad happened which had brought back all the old bitterness to Lady Waldrove —Lady Ethel had married that most 'handsome, irresistible of all woers, Captain Moore. She had become the Countess of Hurlingham since her marriage, and on each visit toBose neath she never ceased to weary both earl and countess with importunities to send for their son. "It was such nonsense," she said; "the • deed was done now. Lord Oarsdale had proved himself to be a hero. As for his wife, the British peerage," she daun ties sly declared, " did not hold saoh another." There was nothing but good news from the Derwents. Through the influence of Lord Oarsdale, Bose's lover, the Bsverend Cuthbert Lodes, had been presented with a good living in Yorkshire; where he and his amiable wife lived the happiest at lives. Frank had made hrs mark, and b$l fair to be one of the lead ing civil engineers of the day. John Derwent and .his wife bad retired to a very pretty little farm in the sunniest put of Kent, where they lived as they had never hoped to live, and Hettie was with them. Nothing bat good news from all parts of the world, and Lady Ailie Carsdale rejoiced in it. There came a beautiful Bpring morning— the son was .shining, the balmy air was filled with the perfume of mignonette and lilae. The Earl and Countess of Waldrove sat alone in'their breakfast-room at Boseneath Abbey— , a, beautiful room, gay with pink hangings and white lace, fragrant with lovely white hyacinths and jonquils. The sun shone in through the windows, and its light fell on the beautiful flowers, the massive silver, the delioate china, and fine damask. It was a very pretty and luxurious home picture—the countess in her dainty morning-rote and cap of Mechlin-lace, the earl in his dressing-gown cozy home picture. My lady touched the white hyacinths, she looked at the greenbringing mignonetfe, she lingered over the fragrant tea; and then, with a great sigh, she said to the earl: •" I am very lonely; I am "very dull." "It is dull," said the earl. " We seem to be lost in this great, empty house. I have felt quite gloomy since Gertrude and her children went away." The same unspoken thought lay deep in the heart of both—an intense longing to have their son near them again. Suddenly the silvery, musical chiming of a child's laughter was heard. Lady Waldrove looked up quickly. " What was that ?" she asi^d. The earl did not move. " Some of the servants have little visitors, I should imagine," he said. Bit the words died on his lips, for the door suddenly and slowly opened, and then entered the lovelist pair of little children ever beheld. There was a little girl with a face like a rosebud, lovely, laughing eyes, and sweet lips, with shining, golden hair that lay over the whitest shoulders ever seen—a little fairy, faH of grace and dignity. She looked neither to the right nor to the left, but went straight np to the earl, and standing in front of hfin, raised her lovely, limped eyes to his face. " Will you please forgive my mamma ?" she said. A handsome, dark-haired boy, with a true Oarsdale face, and dark, flashing eyes—a frank, bold, brave boy, who won her heart at a glance, went up to Lady Waldrove, and said: " Will you forgive my papa ?" "God bless mel" cried the earl. "Who are these ? Who are you, my dear ?" " I am Lucie Carsdale," said the little fairy. " And I," said the boy," am Stephen Carsdale—named after my grandfather, the grand old earl." " And who sent you here ?" "Papa and mamma sent us. Papa bids me say he loves you both, and he longs tb come home to yon. He says you will love •mamma when you know her." It was useless for the countess to speak, for the earl had clasped both the pretty messengers in his arms. "I should refuse the angels of God," he said, " if I refuse you." "Shall you forgive our boy?" said the countesB. And the grand old earl, in a faltering voice, Baid: " I will, I will, as I hope one day to be forgiven." There was still another surprise for them. Lady Ethel followed the little ones into the room. " I am an uninvited guest," she said; " but, I am sure, a welcome one. I have brought these dear children. Lord and Lady Carsdale wait outside." The next moment the son was in his mother's arms, and the earl had embraced his son's wife. It was tbe prettiest scene ever witnessed, and one whioh must have made the angels smile. They lived happily ever afterward. The countess learned to love very dearly the beautiful, graceful woman who was her son's wife. There was no more popular lady in England than Lady Carsdale; but, when she is spaakiDg seriously, she says there is no greater folly than that of an unequal marriage. TEE END. 