The Hospital. We have before us the letter of a correspon dent who states that he was a patient in the hospital when that place was visited by eomo one to find out what evil there might be in the place. Our correspondent, who is a ' oanny t)oot,' says that he at once deteoted the deteo tive. and nroceaded to allow himself to be 'drawn.' Perhaps if he had foreseen all the trouble that oame of it, he would not have done so. TTin too trilling tongue led to strange rumours gotting afloat, a long inquiry to find a ghost, all of which has enabled the committee effectually to evade notiolng the undeniable fnat that recently certain patients hare un doubtedly escaped from the institution , and have afterwards died. Why did the oommittet drop the Bubstanco and pursue a shadow f They forwarded their report to the Colonial Secre tary, who replies that the report of disorganisa tion, &o.;, in the institution provos to be un founded. The suggestions madoby the Colonial Secretary and tho committee, if carried out, must add to the efuoienoy and comfort of tho institution. Wo note the secretary his ten dered his resignation, and that it has beon aooopted, although only ou tho costing rote of tha chairman, who voted thus to put »u end to squabbled. We suggest, in appointing a neir secretary, that it should be considered part of his duty to do a little canvassing for uubscrlp tiaas, and thus do away with tho expense of a' collootor. The secretary's work At present cannot be Tory onerous. ' OoMMBDciiiL Bowma Club.— Tho Oommer oinl Bowing Club take an outing on Saturday. The events include an sight-oared contest be'-' tweon orevrs from Brisbane, Kangaroo Point, and Oorameroial Bowing Olubs; and four oared gig raoo between same clubs. ? , , Thb Cmcus.— Messrs. Herbert and Fitz gerald's London Circus is now playing to, good houses at South Brisbane. The leapers, jugglors, and trapozisU are all good, and the riding first- olass. This oiroua should be ex tensively patronised during its at»y h«rs. Petty Dsots Oounr.^ — At the elltincs of thiw court yesterday, beforo Mr. Day, P.M., tho folio wieg defended oases were dealt with : B. M'Naught v. John Muller. olaim J55 0«. 10d., balanoe due for goods sold i Terdiot for plaintiff fur £2 16s. 2d. Frederick S. Brown t. Frank RiolturdiJ, claim £5 5b., damages; plaintiff, noiieuiu-d withou'. oosts. . Frank Riokardu v. F. B. Brown, claim £10 damage* ; plaintiff notmuitod without oucts. W. Orate' v. James Watt, olaim £2, balance duo for goods cold; plaintiff nonsuited. QuillTBULY BEOtSnUTIOH ASD RUTISIOS Counts. — Courts ?wore hold yesterday for tho quarterly registration and revision of the oleo toral lists, with tho following reuulta : — Bulimba— Boforo Mossra. T. P. Merry, T. Freoney, and B. W. Woedon, JJ.P.: Tho last quarterly list wna duly revised ; twenty-nino now names wero addeu, and tho court olosed. Kaofrgcra — Boforo Messrs. T. Forrester, and H. H. Payno : Tho lust quarterly litt having been duly roviHod, 41 now. nutnos wero added to the list. South Brisbane — Boforo Messrs. J. Sinoluir and G. Rogers, _ JJ.P. : Tho last quarterly list was duly rovised, 43 new names added to the list, Oxley— Beforo Mestrs. E. S. Cardrll, Z,. Stamm, and H. W. Ooxen, JJ.P.: The last' list was duly revised; and. eight now namosodded. . , . 