ARCHBISHOP MORAN A3 A TEM PER AN CE REFORMER. It will he recollected that when Dr Moran'a ap pointment na Archbishop of Sydoey was annoonced, we pointed out in an article 00 the subject tun:, as tbe ArchbiBhop bad been distinguished ub an ivctive and puccef Bful temperance worker ra Ireland, he would in all probability make the cause of temperance one of his firFt care.- on taking pristeanion of tho -co .of Sydney, The Archbishop, since hia arrirtl, has on several occa-ion- referred ra hie discourse- to the ndvitnbler.rss of practising tbe virtue of abstinence, bot in his Pastoral better for Lent, just issued, tbe most reverend prelate speaks out his mind clenrly and forcibly, nnd disciases tho means by which he intends giving practical effect to his views. This paitora; wss read in S% Mary's Cathedral yesterday morning by the Very Rev. Dean Mahony, ami we believe it was also read ia nearly all the Roman Catholic Churches of the ex tensive archdiocese of Sydney. The letter is ad- duffed to the clergy and faithful of tbe archdiocc-a for Lent, 18S5, and the usual directions for the fist-, tie., are appended. The first portion of tbe letter is devoted to an exhortation on the necessity of fast ing. "Ai every page of the GospelB, our Lord pre- FCntE in His blessed life an example of humility, self- denial, and penance. And the better to encourage us to follow in the footsteps of our Saviour, we are instructed tbat tbe fruits of this penitential life arc to obtain patdon of our Eine, to give tfficacy to our prayers, to overcome temptations, to vanquisn our spiritual enemies, and to procure even temporal blesFings. At tbe present day, toe Church of God, desirous only tor tbe welfare of her children, and taking into nccount the habits and manner of life of vatiooB nations, has, in a great measure, relaxed the rigour of the law of fasting. This mak-s it the more imperative upon ns to enter earnestly into the spirit of the Church, to conform onr life to the life of our BltEsed Lord, by embracing volnntary occasions of self-denial, ar.d by observing faithfnlly the few ealutary restraints wbich are atill enjoined." A SPECIAL EKKOKT TO HOOT Ol'T THE VICE Ol" I.VTE.Ml'EHA.VCE. There is one special work of piety and self-denial wbich I wonld wish on the present oocusion to com mend in a particular manner to tbe clergy and faith- fnl of this diocese. It is known a- the " Association of Prayer " for tbe promotion of holy temperance. Throughout the English-speaking countries, in modern times, drunkenness is the chief moras of which Satan avails to ensnare his unhappy victlmt. In England, Cardinal Manning has laboured for years, with ali tbe zeal and devotcdness of an upoitle, to rcot ont this terrible vice. It is cheering to reflect, that already the members of the League of the Holy CrosB, against intemper ance, in England, are numbered not by hund- dreds bnt by tens of thousands, Ia the United States, the religions Temperance Association- are etill more flourishing. East and west, north and eontb, the bishops and clergy of that great church have raised their voice to proclaim the necessity of promoting temperance, and to warn their flocks Bgainet the deadly evils of drunkenness. Not le-t earnest have been the ulergy and faithful of the Irish Church, in their endeavours to promote the same holy cause. The archbishops aad bishops, when uEEembled in October, 1673, adopted the follow ing reeolntion : ' We earnestly call npon our clergy throughout Ireland, to exert nil their iuflaence and zeal in repressing drunkenness, which is Cue of the great evils ot the day, demoralising and impoverishing the people, and destroying in thousands tho souls which Christ died to Eave. Amongst the means which may be nscfnlly em ployed, we recommend ' Tne Association of Prayer,' and the establishment in every purish of temperance societies, based npon the principles of the Catholic leligion." Eo, too, the National Synod, held ia May- 1.00th in September, 1S75, exhorts all the faithful 111 wordB of solemn warning to unite in rooting oat thi- destructive vice : " Against an evil so widespread ami ra pernicious, we implore all who have at heart the honour of God and the salvation of souls to be fille l with holy zeal. We warn parents and employers that tbey are bound to set in their own persona an example of temperance to those who are subject to tbem, and to watch lest through their own negli gence those entrusted to their charge should fail TictimB to drink. We exhort artisane and other mem bers of Uieworking-classea to join some of the pious confraternities approved of by tbe Church, in which, if they be faitbfal to tbe observance of the rule-, tbey will find a school of Christian self-denial. We blees from onr hearts those zealous ecclesiastics and others wbo, in accordance with the spirit of the Chnrch, devote their time and energies to forwarding the cause of temperance ; and wu wonld remind all that, however valuable other helps may be, there exists bnt one nnfailing eonrce whence human weak ness can draw strength to resiet temptation and break tbe bonds of evil habits: that source is tbe sacred heart of Jesus, the ever- flowing fountain of mercy, from which, through prayers and tha Sacra ments, we receive grace in seasonable aid. The habit of daily prayer faithfnlly persevered in, frequent and worthy approach to the sacrameat9, the revont hearing of the Word of God, and tho avoid ing of dangerous occasions, are the only sure mean- by which in temperance can be overcome.1' It is erne that something has already been done in this city of Sydney to check tbe growth of intemperance. Societies have been formed in more than one district, in wbich particularly the young are pledged to wane war against drunkenness, and to cherish the love and promote the practice of temperance. Not a little however, remains still to bo uchit-ed, nor should we rest satiefied until that degradiug vice has been entirely banished from this great colony. I woald wish to see the Association of Prayer or some other temperance society established in each district of the oioceee, una 1 wouia De particularly desirous to see all the children of onr schools enrolled nnder tbe reli gions banner of holy tempetance. Bu6 why i3 it that I am so anxions to see these pious associations multi plied throughout the diocese, and why do I wish to introduce the practice of temperance into every Chris tian home throngboat tbe length and breadth of the land ? The first reason is that the virtue of temper ance brings with it true Christian joy and peace and consolation, and produces abundant frnit. What words can adequately set forth the merit ani the privileges of this virtue? It is itself the fruit of divine charity and faith nnd 'Hope, and in retnrn it guards and preserves in 'the soul, and lends a hundred-fold increase to tboBo ChtiEt'ran virtnee. The Apostle, writing to the Corinthians, reckons temperance among the speoial giftb of the Holy Spirit of God, It elevates the ,soul above the grovelling passions of this world, and fixes our affections on heavenly things. It gives vigour against temptation, it conquers Satan, it unites tbe heart more closely to God. In the old law it was expressly enjoined on the Levites, that before entering tbe Banctnary they should abstain from all intoxicating drinks, and death was tho penalty for the violation of that precept (Levit. x 9). If the strength of heaven descended npon Sampson, that strength was the fruit of temperance. If Eamnel, in a wondrous way, was clothed with wia- dom and prophecy, he was from infancy marked ont by temperance for these gifts of God. If St. John the Baptiet was filled with the Holy Ghost, and choBen to bo thg Precursor of onr Blessed Lord, he was at the same time a perfect model of temperance, and his whole life was on exhortation to this great Virtue. " Temperance," writes Be. Prosper, " re strains concnpiEcence, moderates onr passionB, multi plies holy desires, chastises vice, reduces to order our depraved affections, repels bad thaughts, en grafts science in the soul, extinguishes the fire of unlawful pleasure, gives peace to the heart, and defends na from every storm of temptation," (De Yita Contempl.) Thns truly great ie the virtue of temperance, and nothing Bhonld be left nndone and qo effort spared to eecnro for onreelves this nriceless treoBure. But there is another motive for promoting those associations of temperance, and it 13, that we may thns the better gnard ourselves against the ap proach of the insidions vice of drnnkenness. The drunkard is reckoned by the Apostle. amongst those "twbo shall not poeBesa the kingdom of God" (1 Cor., vi. 10) j that 1b to say, he shall not enjoy in this life the heavenly blessings and consolations which are tpe happy portion of the true children of Christ, apd he shall not be partaker of their eternal blessedness hereafter. The Apostle even exhorts the faithful to bavo no communication with such drunk ards, and ho repeats. "of wbVCh I foretel you, as I have already said, that they who do snah thing- -hit I not obtain the Kingdom of Qod" (Gil at. v. 21). Again, intemperance is numbered among the " works of the flesh j" and elsewhere, tho Stored Sonipture dedareB tbat " iornication and wine and drnnkenn-ts lake away the heart" (Hoeea iv. 11), The evil tree is , known by its evil fruits, and tbe fruits of drunk»rv | neFs are hardness of heart, and darkness of intellect and tbe spiritual death of the soal, and the eterail bitter 'lavery of Satan. How can the drunkard hone I to cultivate those virtDes which onr holy relieion i commands? How can we look for piety and ! ebariiy, and peace in the drunkard's home? Wnat lettocs of christian wisdom can he imnart i to his unhappy children? Does he by word : ard example guide them in the paths M hi aven ? Airs ! does he not rather too often bnrry them on with railroad speed alone the broad way that leads to perdition, Our Divine Saviour exhorts all Hi- disciples ro take up the cro>s of self-denial, and to follow dai:y in His blessed foot- etcpe. The drunkard refuses tbat holy cross; heevsn cap's it far from him, and chooses in its s'teadths yoke of Patau, the deadly cop of intemperance. The Fonl enelaved to drunkenness soon becomes a very Eink of corruption : tfcere is no sin, no evil infiaenca to wbich it is not exposed : thero is no depth of crime to which it may not be dragged down : abyss qnickly follows npon abjsa, and there is no violation cf Gcd's commandments ot which this terrible rice 1 is not tbe parent. It i-.ranot t hen surprise us that the Fathers of the church should present tons in I the. darkest colour- thi- hid- ous vice of drunkennsei St Augustine describes it as "a pestilence of souls I and St John Chrj FOFtom f-tv ie- it ' thejoy ofdemom- j tbe pnrentoften thou—nd evils." Will it not be within j tbe experience cf each one of us that so many persons otherwise endowed with excellent qualities of" mind ! and heart have, by intemper race, brought rnin on them- | ecIvis and tbeir families. And yet, when they were I entering on their career of life, rarely they did not wish to be intemperate, nor did they desire to die a I drunkard's death : had they b en enrolled betimes in ' the T< tal Abstinence Ae-ocaMcn they womd havj been preserved from tbe h-.-t ipp- oache- of this vice I and wonld, thos, meet pr-.bablj . have been saved for j time and for eternity. There i». however, a yet more : powerful motive why we should e-t.b iah the ,Uso:i. j ation of Prayer for promoting temperance, and it "is | that we may make some alight act of reparation to | onr blcsEed Lord. D.irirg Hi- -acre" r.gony, the 1 many EinB cf (hirak>-nr.trs committed from day to day throughout the world .v.-,-.- nre-e ,t to Himia ali their cctai'e, each of tin m ii fiicring its o-.vn cruel wound. It' was to expi.ve r.|itse sins that H« endured the terrible h ffcr'r.g of an excru ciating thirst npon the C10-- ; nnd it is to be remarked, tbat it picu-cd tlim, by the eacred words " 1 thirst," to nr :- V »- i rown to os this acony above all Hia other sufferings. What an infinite expiation, far-rw.chinp ir.d complete, ia exnn--:d ja there bltSFtd words " I thirst. " Truly Our'scifsring Baviour thus bi ar- the penalty due to the jtntics of God for man's indulgence in drirakenneBS, and for the innumerable sins with which intemperance has flooded the world. The evangelist udds that when tbe Redeemer pronounced these solemn words the executioner? cruelty and mockingly offered vine, par nnd gall to Hi? p ucli-d tips." Alas ! i- it not thus that tho drunkard act. ? tin-i to the Redeemer's words. "I thirBt," he it-plies only by repeating tha frantic criminal cry for more drink, thus to intensify the suffering of our L«rtl The friends of temper ance, on the other hand, tejoicc to offer the tributs of their self-denial, littte us.it may be, in atonement to our agonising Iiedieuie.- ; tbev love to associate themselves with Him kr.d Hi- suffering, and by this penitential exercise, as wed >h by prayers, and by multiplying good work-, trad hy special thirst for God's glory they endeavour to make some reparation for that sinful thirst that lead- so many into vice, and robs heaven of counties.- -ouls. The better to promote the boly caosc of temperance, I purpose to establish, in the cathedra', during the approaching Lent, the Central A-sociation of Prayer against drunkenness, nnd I would request the various tern- prruncc associations throughout the diocese to send the names of their respective members to the priest in charge of the Central Association, thu- the mors effectually to form a strong and united body to check the grow th of intemperance. 