THE SAN FRANCISCO MA IE SER VICE. By Wire. — From Our Correspondent.! SYDNEY. Friday. A largo and influential meeting of merchants, shipowners and others interested in the Ameri can trade was held in the Chamber of Com merce at noon to-day. The meeting was ad dressed by Captain Ghost. Captain Broom- Cold, Zijcssrs. 11. Gillies and Neild, M.L.A.'s, and others, all of whom strongly advocated a direct lino of steamers to and from San Franefceo. It was pointed out that tho expenditure of tho present company was at least £80,000 per year, and tlmt where one ton of cargo or one passenger was landed in New Zealand ten times that number came to Australia. It was also stated that it would be impossible to recover for loss or damage to goods caused by the proposed transhipment at Honolulu. It was alleged that tho pvatigt of Sydney as a shipping port was fust falling awav. A deputation from the Chamber of Commerce waited upon the Postmaster-General to-day, for tho purpose of entering a protest against tho new Fan Francisco mail contract. The chief objection advanced against the arrange ment was the break in tho voyage, consequent on tho transhipment of goods at Honolulu. The deputation stated that they failed altogether to see liow tho servico could possibly be as economical as a through service. There were unlimited grounds for an ticipating thai great -infonvenience and damage of cargo would result from transhipment. The only suggestion offered was that, if no better arrangement could be made with New Zealand, this colony should establish a direct service of her own, leaving New Zealand to carry out tho proposed contract nlou. In that case it was thought that as New Zealand would have a service be tween thin colony and her own ports, and be tween Auckland and America, it would bo useless for our boats to call there on tho vovago to San Francisco. Tho Postmaster -General hold out no hope of the establishment of a direct service, and ho expressed the fullest confidence in the Uniou Steamship Company of New Zealand. He said he was in honor bound to sign the con tract entered into bv his predecessors, pending tho decision of Parliament. Mr. See also re minded the deputation that, however much the Government might have the trade of the colony at heart, their primary object in this instance was to procure the carriage of the mails. 