Sydney cch8ey co (FRvost onUR OW CORRESPONDENT.)' THE LATE fisUPRIPE. THE prorogation of Parliament may he fairly considered a surprise, coming, as 'it did, so suddenly, for it is a. fact thab , number of strong Governmunt 'supporters even were not prepared for what is tanta mount to a dissolution so soon. The Government themselves had not made up their minds till the cloventh' hohr? so to speak. In fact, they had anticipited a less determined opposition (although they were! prepared to meet with a good. deal), and they had not properly gauged the weight of. the ememy's guns. Tho broadsides fited from the Opposition during:thes debate on the address in reply, and the later and still msore destructive bombardment'during tihe debate on Mr: Garvan'sa motion sc the Minister for Works, showed the Govern ment that they could do little inthe time. at their disposal with .sdcha harrassing foe. But inore than all,.that which was the real crusher. was the vote of :'cednsu':e,proposed by Sii enoery .Parkes, ,and wvhich, would, have called'forth another. week's or perhaps two weeka' waste of time. ,.Eo the.G v.rn ment .sai the wisdonm of not longer, con tinuing the struggle within the walls of the; Hoti?se. It would hav lu'btrt the remnant of repdtationli for conlmon.? sense left,, to thein to have done so, and thy accordingly detsrmined topprroogue foi a,time suficient to enable thie wits to be issued,and when all necessary arranlgements are made the dissolution will take place Then wil'come the tug of war! TRIE FATE OF PARTIES. Opinions vary as to what the rcsilt of the general elections ?ill be. . There is a concensus (f opinion that the Governinmqut party, as at present conslituted, will :not have the ghost of 'a show, and it is also pretty certain: that the pe'soiicl of the Assenmbly will be largely changd. sd Id other words, there will be ileanynew mem bers, and a good deal' of "fresh 'blod?" wvill be infused into the government of the country. There is a hitrong irlical element ricing to the sirfaed'of the poa tical life of the country, and the fac cannot be overlooked that a rcw order of things is being ushered: in. It seemus reasonable to 'suppoec that Sir Henry Parkes, the veteran statesman' will habve something to.'sayy in the formation of the next Ministry; but there are ndt wanting indications that the people' aie. ge~otin' impalient w th what remains ot the old political life; and bO: thii 'leaders of the next parby in power : who they may, they imust be prepared to accoin modate ihnmselves tona change' in thonght' and felin~g that has been giowioe- very. surely for gome years past,; nd whichl has of late begun to manifest itself in r:eal earnest. Of rumours there are plenty anent the political situation.. A not unprobable idealis ia c ;urse of: circulation, which is given sup port toby the metropolitan paper;, which is said to be subject to Government inspi'a tion, namely, that there will be an attempt to form a. combination ~linistry. It is aih open secret (lot theGovernment deny it ass they will) that'there has been a split in the Cabinet for time past. It is not a happy family. To:begin with there are at least two very strong-willed, not to say stubborn, members ih the Ministry, who are somethinri like t woejuarrelsomp andunfriendly dogsrun ning ina leash. The head of the party, Ioo, is notoriously unfitted to keep it together and to cot)i01ped, or lead his followers in the proper sense. Mr. Farnell again has ipenly shown that he is not in sympathy: with his colleagues on many points, anl has really only one po!iticalamb:tion left,nimely, to rear his child, the Land Bill; till it can fairly wilkl and answer for itsel ' The' result of such wet'nursing of that objec tionable 1 baby' statuteis not likely 'tobhbe satisfactory under any. circumstances, liut that' is at any rate .the last hope of the "Minister' for Lrands. It is probable there fore, as above -suggested, that theld:overo ment party will go to the soantry with the implied 'understandin,. that 'a colition Ministry will be attomptedi : RISING YOUNGME 'I.f Among the aspirants for Parliamentary honours is a M?r. Crick, ia young gentleman who .ias, within a short sp?ce :of time, succeeded in maling himself tolerably no torious as a suckling arhateur legislator. He is "going for Wolling!os, and will pro bably get in. Thlie O Sullivan is. oing to stand for Queanbeysn, and has a fair chance of 'the dreami of his "life' bing realised at last. The lattr gentleman, by the- way, intends viesiting .tlie iNeWcat1?e district shortly; on a'leccturinig tour>': H11- NECONSTRUCTION. ', , ?r SBy the trim the'ie ite? sof gossip are in print the MIinis'iry will mos-t .hikely have begun the~ work of "'ecbsstcucting their forces.' Possibly ere thfs is circilated you will have heard hy wire of the Premoioes resignation, an eventiwhich has for some: time past been looeed upon:.as a: not unlikely event. Whoi themn would he, the PYemier wth a': bLithti?ly :career. for that -is aill" it wvwould hbe: .he presenb Parliament nb lisonly,'r couple of' months to live inyho?, dso rhat the new "push," as the' lariikiiss 'bwould 'express it, willtonly have tim?e to make their bo to, the public befoire being called upon to run the gauntlet obf public opinion, arid establish a right to their position, wihich,. probably, : they will find i' "i extbtsmnCy difficult to do..: iTIHR RAlBIT PEST The exterminnation of pdor bunny 'ha occupied the attentionof an iasemblnag "of the representative kn?wledge'e of the colony during the past wek;r and varidoim methods which, .under other circumstandes would ;be designated as " cruelty to ani mals,", have been propounded, add sbhemines have been mooted whichli would have doie justide to even the:Star :Chamber regime Also, the reward :offered by':the fGo;vern ment on the subject was the occadi6on" sonme "noivel ideas. ;On:'e enthusias~t :'siig' gest'ed to catch.the rabbits with fish' libd'sj another.gave it as his conclusitoii "pinion\ that all that was required wies to dig spib,' cover it with caunva,- baited-:' *ith' ~dn meat, and, rabbits woiuld?. disippear 'es suddenly as an inpeconiods:lodger from the sight of his hiah hous? keeer.:::i Therei were maniy otl~ersi' like, the :. answers of the good, little Suinday: shoiol ,.boy' as to wlhat . should be.' done , with the people, who were :steeringg a s'raikhf eourse for Hades"'snake'.boxcs to. catchl~ thgim, and not lot. tliem out again,"' etc.; The fact that the uonferoice was prdovidcld with a room immediately aboveo the ;insol-i veney court ias tken as signiticant of the position of the country, and one member, pertin'ntly asked if it was. ,a huge? ,?joke .of the Minister uf Mines in seoding thlem to such a suggestive institutioe. A DlAMA IN TIIICIC ur a.US Act 1. Scene-A country al??l -where the sugar .c?es do grow. ''air tdames and demoiselles in all the attractiveness of the nearest approach to undress imaginable, and gallant cavaliers' and a gailfcee$rated ball room. Music. scascely ravishing in effeet, but consider d heavenly by the rustics. A gay couple retired for a moment and-well, only a kius was the hcinose sein for which Lothario w called to account by an onraged fathp a nd an outraged lover. Pistols and dir" threats haunted the now sadly awakened' young man as le wended his way to wbl proved a skeplies couch. Act 2-The alternative: Next mornit'. no, r, sult of . l. h'nppV meida'in, a money coe0ialon0t a subt'i tuted for the de'edly pisto!s, and £50 was agreed upon isha fair pricddfor a kis. Act 3 I-The flight. Not having the wherewithal to meet thi demand on iln . .xchPqu i.novei r piI iculu Lly.full, Lothari' d i.e cd e ind- rwi?l, when,he met' his ftienils the mattler was e'xplained.: H hd been foo'ed, th, party who had thus contrived .to make hia life nierdable havine agreed to give him a bit of af st;ait lby wa r a .joke. ;.It occurred 'dn the trip of the Riih mond to the Rich mond River: lately, a?d tlhe befoblcd party is by profscson what 'Airy' calls " a Ifartst.y;" : : ?, :7 . tlA rPHIANTHROPIST. Tjhe ichief siiuistmratethe elect of the 'people ho whohfigures. at the hebnd of, and pays" the':piper for, those enjoyable little monthly receptions at the Town' Hall, the otlirr evAning' posed in a philazithropic light as the friend' and suppcrter of the Rr??agged Sohoole. "I' come here to night," he 'said, "to show people that these little outcasts of society ore not ne loected by the people. "I "'' figured promin ently in a speech of ten minutes duration, in wsich the good that had arisen by the connection of such a heavy magnate with the cause of rags was detailed, Of coutso the youngsters were delghted, and bright visions haunted their dreams during the night of possible: additions to the bill of fare in the shave of butcher's 'moeat. The loungaters are welcome to their dreams, the more so as they are not likely to profit in a mhore- sulsttantial way from 'the elaborate posingand fuir speech made on thatoccasion ;IEEN IN A NEW LIGlT,.: ,Atfthe wedding. .we!cime to one of the shiniug i:ghts of. the .Blue Ribbon Army, that lady'o:ator, IMrs. Browre, treated her. audieec~ to an .explanation of the outwsrd pombp and shoir, mening thereby what our Celtie .friend would t2r m '" devil of a tro'," which lieralds the approach of, or the camping grouind of a detachnment of the enemy. " We are not as we seem," said the fair out'usiast. People judge us by the beating of drums. clashing of cymbals, and'other nmanifestations of a joyful heart, but let them follow 'is into oui" private tives, and they would see us in a new light," etc. Sound the "aoid timbrci 