TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. By Asmodeus. Tho rain whiola fell on Saturday raorninu last raised serious doubts regarding tho practi cability of racing at Mooneo Valley, but to wards noon matters assumed a change for tho better, and although a pene trating wind prevailed for tho remainder of the da? tho situation was tenablo. and a most interesting afternoon's sport resulted. Tho large attendance told plainly of the increasing popularity of tho Valley meetiugs, a circuin- stanco duo in a largo measure to tho oxcellencc of Mr. W. S. Cox's management, and tho praise worthy manner in which the stewards carry out tho duties imposed upon them. Tho fatal acci dent which occurred to Gunrdflsh in tho Hurdle Raco was an unforlunato oponing contrclemjit, and Mr. J. P. D. Laurie >vas sympathised with on his misfortune in losing such a good horse. Beauchamp, his rider, luckily got off with a shak ing. Tantaliser and Problem wore both strong tips, though neither proved dangerous in tho actual contest, which finally dwindled down into a finish between Master Pinctop and Fusi lier, two comparatively neglected candidates, the former in particular boingalmost friendless. King evidently appeared to think ho had every thing safe a couple of furlongs from home, but Fusilier tired pcrcoptibly at tho finish, and ho was unable to stall off a fine run on the part of Master Pinetop. Tho winnor is quite a Panic in appoaranco, and as ho is a horso not likely to bo troubled by weight, ho ought somo day to blossom into a first class steeplechaser. Thcro wero no less than twenty-one runnors for tho September Stakes, and notwithstanding tho uncertainty attached to naming tho winner in a four furlongs scramble with such a largo numbor of horses engnged, confidence in Honora was sufficiently firm to cause tho acceptance of tho short odds of 4 to 1. Fol lowers of tho Mordialloo maro wont very near tho mark, but thoy reckonod without Mistako, who showed how much ho had iu hand by ro- appoaring later iu tho day and rcpoating tho trick over an additional furlong and a half of ground, carrying a 7 lb. penalty. Tho son of Danto was, perhaps, nover in 6uck form, and tho oaso with which ho camo homo on each occasion proves him to bo hard to beat up to six furlongs when in tho humor. Tho fact of thirteen fiorsos facing tho starter in tho Stooplcchnso invested tho contest with consi derable intorest, and on tho whole tho display of jumping was well worth looking at Nothing fcncod in hotter -form than tho stupen- dous Merndor, who fairly towered over his opponents both in point of size and pace, and cantered homo a very easy winnor to tho ama teur steering of Mr. II. SVatson, who has ridden tho gigantic son of King Tom iu all his races. Primus's inability to justify tho odds laid on him for the Selling Race, and tho failure of Stafford in tho Spring Stakes, concluded a most disastrous day tor backers, the favorites being defeated in ovety instance. Tho owners of Violet and Ariel wero fined £5 for lato scratching in tho September Stakes, and Mr. J. Hommil was mulcted in tho sum of 1 sov. for similar neglect, in connection with tho with drawal of Cassabianca in tho Hurdlo Race. Olds, tho rider of Pyretto in tho September Handicap, was reported by Mr. Watson for disobedionco at tho post, and tho stcwardg sus pended him from riding till tho commencement of tho V.R.C. meeting. Monday next, tho 14th inst., will be a busy day with owners, as in addition to events alluded to elsowhere, the general entries for the Caulfield Cup mooting will close on that day, and it may bo as well to remind those interested that tho following ovents will then require at tention: — Tho Maiden Plate of 150 boys. , First Hurdlo Raco 100 sovs. , Australian Hunters' Cup value 150 sovs., with trophies for second and third, and tho Toorak Handicap of 150 sovs. These four ovents with tho Great Foal Stakes and Caulfield Guineas, which have already closed, complete tho first day's programme. On the second day tho card opens with a Selling Race of 100 sovs., followed by tho Second Hurdlo Race 100 sovs., and Nursery Handicap 100 sovs.; then comc3 tho Caulfield Cup with its 1500 sovs. bonus, for which 95 competitors are still in tho list, tho Open Steeplechase of 200 sovs. , which will no doubt attract all tho cross country cracks, and the final event of the meeting, the Windsor Handicap of 150 sovs. The programme is framed on the liberal scale which has brought the V.A.T.C. to its present satisfactory posi tion, and I expect to see an unusually large entry. Tho attention of stud masters is directed to the V.R.C. Siros' Produce Stakes to bo run for at the Autumn Meeting 1889. Sires must be nominated with the V.R.C., A.J.C. or S.A.J.C.' secretaries before four p.m. on Monday next, the 14th inst., each nomination to be accom panied by a promissory note made by tho owner or his attorney for £20 payable on tho lstFob- ruary,- 1889, to tho order of the secretary of tho Victoria Raoing Club. Mr. Haydon is again in tho field with a neat little programme, to be discussed at Elstern wick Park on Wednesday, 14tli prox., . the date having been happily chosen in tho middle of tho Caulfield Cup week, and as tho city will, probably bo well filled with country visitors, this departure from the orthodox Saturday af ternoon gathering is likely to bo attended with success. Tho First Australian Trotting Sires' Produce Stakes heads tho programme, being a subscription of £25 each from the owners of Von Moltko Jun., Morryhawk, Boccacoio, Abo Lincoln and Vermont Jun., to whoso produco the stake is open for competition in mile heats, best two in three. The Handicap Hurdlo Raco has 50 sovs. bonus, and the raco for tho Ladies' Trophy has a 60 guinea prize for the winner, presented by Mr. H. Skinner, tho club's caterer, in addition to which trophies valued at £20 and . £10 are provided for tho first and second horses respectively. The Steeplechase, which is only two miles, has 100 sovs. added, the Selling Flat Raco 50 sovs, Elsternwick Park Handicap 75 sovs., and Maiden Trot (ono evont of two miles in harness only) 40 sovs. Entries close at four p.m. on Monday, tho 5th prox. At the Canterbury Park (N.S.W.) meeting on Saturday Robinson Crusoo's son, Boori, won the Flying Stakes and Ladies' Bracelet, running six furlongs in 1 iniu. 15 sea in tho former event. Desmond, by Kingsboreugh, won tho September Handicap, beating Ravensworth, Freedom and nino others, including Ellington, and tho sensational private performer Folly, who, with 7 st. 12 lb., was unable to finish with the first half dozen, notwithstanding that with Nicolson up she 6tarted a red hot favorite. Tho Selling- Raco fell to Sir Garnet, and tho Princo of Wales Stakes to Sundial. Consider ing tho season of tho year and other favorablo surroundings, tho attendance was not satis factory. Tho Victorian Iiacing Calendar for September, is to hand and contains, in addition to a variety of interesting notifications, tho list of regis tered colons which, as I have so frequently pointed out, needs rovision with a view to ex cising tho names of people who noithor own nor run a horso from ono year's end to another and aro never even seen on a racecourse. Con sidering tho difficulty experienced by new owners requiring colors not already in use, tho list in its present state reflects but littlo credit on tho V.R.C. management, and should receive attention without dolay. The liberality of tho Williumstown Racing Club in adding 250 sovs. to the Williamstown Handicap, to bo run for at their Novembor mooting, has mot with tho appreciation from owners which I predicted, 75 entries having been rocoived. From this numbor a largo ac ceptance may bo anticipated, and tho distanco being 1 mile, the struggle is bound to bo an interesting ono, as tho list includes such woll known performers as Coriolanus, Chuckster, Stafford, East Lynno, Uncas, Hannibal, Lando, Bohemian, Hippogriff, Evio, Tho Israelite, Country Boy, Stornaway, Vergy, Tho Andos, Duration, Tho Ghost, Graco Darling and Voloci- pedo. Tho gap loft at Flomington by tho recont departures of Moonshoe, Tho Broker, Roginald, Acolyto, &c.;, has boon more than filled by tho arrivnl of Mr. M'Donald and his formidable team of South Australians, and it is needless to say that tho first appearanco of Nowstead, tho Dorby favorite, was anxiously watched. Without doubt it may bo said that no sooner had the crack beeu set going at a slow pace than his previous dotractors felt small, his appoaranco being ndmirod by nil tho good judges present. Tho "dicky logs " that hnvo beon hintod at, aud in fact spokoa of directly, wore looked for in vain, the only fault that could bo found ovon by tho hypercritical was that tho colt is decidedly on tho big side. In consequence ho may bo oxpected to do a lot of strong work during tho noxt six weeks, so that frionds and foes will be able to judge of the stato of his understandings. Whon Harvester ran his dead heat with tho mighty St. Gaticn for tho Epsom Dorby 1884, ho was comparatively friendless oven at the post, on account of the supposed weakness of his fore-logs, which.it must be admitted did not present a very reassuring appearance, but thoy brought tho son of Sterling home on lovol terms with Mr. Ham mond's wonder, thus proving the truth of the old saw " handsome is that handsome, does." As I said before, however, Nowstead at the present time shows no sign of weakness, and I think his friends may ascribe a good deal that has been Baid about him, to tho natural desiro of somo people to find fault with a very hot favor ite, probably on the grounds of there being no kudos according to their ideas in ex pressing an opinion in conformity with that of the mass. Helens, Signor, and Tho Israelite aro all in great fettle, and tho Maribyrnong Plater, Madclina, who has recently performed so well in Adelaide is the cut of a flyer all over. Mr. W. E. Dnkin is doing good work with Damocles and First Consul, and on Tuesday Tho Pencil and Fish o' Silver did a capital gallop on tho new track. Tho Cup favorite Coronet continues to do serviceable work, and W. Lang's quartette Vergy, Agatha, Bathurst and Stornaway are going well. The champion Commotion revels in his work and is looking splendid, whilst Fryingpan never went better, and if Mr. Dnkin succeeds in bringing this brilliant son of Saucopan fit to tho post, none of the spring ovents in which he is engaged can be said to be beyond his tether. Amongst tho troop of horso3 working at Flomington none look fitter than the South Australian St. John, and tho erstwhile favorite for tho Caulfield Cup, St. Lawrence. ReniUB is a very mnch improved colt, and is doing a capital Derby preparation, and young James Wilson has apparently improved the fractious disposition' of Lucky Hit. At' Caulfield tho sensation of the' week has been tho disappearance of Blink Bonny from the training ground, lost year's winner having been very much fancied in well informed quarters up to tho time of her retirement. During the last few days tho Toamanian mare has done walking exercise only. Veloci pede, who, under the chargo of Benco, now works in company with Lando, is doing splondid work, and recently did a gallop which looked very like the son of Fenman occupying a prominent position when tho Caulfield Cup numbers go up. Mozart and his young fellow countryman Highland Chief are going nicely, and tho two famous mares, Graco Darling anil Camerine, bid fair to uphold tho reputation of the Caulfield training ground during the approaching carnival. The arrival of tho Derby favorite Nowstead on Saturday attracted a numerous gathering of sporting folks, eager to havo a peep' at the flying son of Neckcrsgat. '.On tho arrival of tho steamer South Australian Nowstead, looking fresh and hearty, was landed without accident, and under tho charge of Mr. C. L. M'Donald at once took up his quarters at the Pastoral Hotel, Flomington, accompanied . by Tho. Israelite, Holene, Signor, Maddelina, Anarchy, Repose, Lara, Belmont, Robert tho .Dovil and Bob Coopor. Australian bred horses have for many years past appropriated a largo proportion of the good things of tho turf in India, but in Mauritius thoreappoarsto bo absolutely nothing able compete with thorn. Dukedom and Linda, have in turn, proved themselves champions of the saccharine country, and how tho news comes thnt Don Quixote who, it will ho remembered, was purchased in Melbourne for Mons. Couvo who had.' himself previously visited Australia, has won the Maiden Plato. ' This is tho most important stake run for in Mauritius, and ' is open to any horse i . that has not won a race in that country, conditions which would render St. Gation, Melton, Para dox or Commotion - eligible to start. .Don Quixote's solitary opponent Little Jack (a Caul field Cup winner) could hardly make the Don go last enough to koop warm, and thesamo re mark applies to Linda's feeble opposition to Dukedom in tho Ladies' Purse which was a gift to Maribyrnong's son. Don Quixote had only to canter in front of Little Jack, Avernus and Wontworth to win tho Merchants' Plato, and Dukedom Bcoring another victory on tho second day placed tho fourth win to tho credit of Mons. Couvc. Both horses wero ridden by Riley, an ox-Australian jockey. Mr. J. D. Robinson. has forwarded mo lists of nominations for tho Geclong Racing blub Sires' Produco Stakes 1886 and 1887, and Foal Stakes 1886, 1887 and 1888. A special notico accompanies tho lists, which aro neatly ar ranged in book form, requesting nominators to notify to tho secrotary if their nominations "aro in nny manner incorroct." First forfeits for tho Sires' Produco Stakes and Foal Stakes of 1886 must bo declared on or bofore Monday, tho7lh December, 1885. The book also con tains a list of winners at past Geclong meet ings. Mr. J. O. Inglis has decided to put a few of his thoroughbred marcs to Malua beforo tho eelobrated son of St. Albans is again put into work. It need not, howovor, bo assumed from this that wo havo soon the last of tho Cup winner on tlio turf, or that his stud duties will nocessarily impair his brilliauoy. Instances of thoroughbreds scoring their best records on the turf after a sojourn in the liarom aro numerous, prominont amongst thom being the case of Tho Diver, who, after standing in Riverina, won tho Waggo Cup in the fastest timo on record, having previously missed tho Melbourne Cup by a fluke, whilst Swordfish divides his timo with equal success between tho paddock aud tho courso alternately. Tho thoroughbred stallion Terrific by Tim Whilfier (imp.)— Talkativo by Talk of tho Hills, iB advertised in 77: e Leadei to-day, to stand at Spring Volo Stud Farm, Joyce's Creek at tho moderate too of 5 guineas. Mr. W. T, Cox also advertises his roadster stallion Nimrod a korsj well qualified to get a useful class of hacks, hunters and carriago horses, his fee being u guineas. Mr. Cox intends securing tho extension ol the electric telegraph to tho Mooneo Vttftoy course if possible, aud it is to bo hoped that hta negotiations with tho department will result satisfactorily. Tho increasing popularity of the Mooneo" Valley meetings, and tho additional valuo and importance of tho stakes provided, should bo sufficient inducement to tho Govern ment, considering that Mr. Cox only asks foi that which is already granted to places possess ing less claim to tho privilege. At Mooneo Vnlley, on Saturday, Messrs. IF, O. Yuillc and Co. sold Oculist to Mr. Kelly for 90 guineas ; Mr. D. Warner gave 40 guineas foj Saleynrds, and 30 guineas for Spcro. Mr. \V. Robinson and his trainer Mason havi parted, owing, it is understood, to soma differ ence respecting matters connected with the stable. Mr. Robinson has sinco been persoually superintending tho work of Thunderbolt, Win chester, Liverpool and Co. '. | IVhonover tho big books open out in connec tion with the Maribyrnong Plate it is tolerably certain that there will be a strong desire td support tho South Australian filly, Maddelina, whoso name has already beon written at 10 to 1. ; Mr. Joseph Thompson's 2-year-old colt bj Locklcys, from Hoyden, ha3 joined . Mr. J, Leek's string at Balaclava. Nominations for the Ballarat Hunt Club Cup; Hurdlo Race, Steeplechase and Ballarat Handi< cap must be mado on Monday next, the 14tt inst. General entries for the other ovents bi the meeting close on the 21st inst. | Tom Brown has arrived at Randwick, lookinf a vastly improved horse sinco his previous ap pearanco at the head quarters of the A. J.C. In connection with tho Melbourne Hunt Club's October meeting at Flemington, ownen are reminded that entries for tho Hunt Glut Cup and Handicap Flat Race of 200 sovs. close on Monday next, tho 14th inst. Goncral cntrie: are duo on that day week. Sir. S. Martin's steeplechaser Buzza pulled up lame after a gallop at Randwick lost Satur day. The IVinchelsea Racing Ctup havo decided t4 hold their annual meeting on Boxing day, and to invito his Excellency the Governor to attend. Tho financial statement for lost year shows a debit of £194 2s. 4d., but great hopes are enter tained for tho success of tho next meeting, for which the club will provide stakes to the amount of £230. Mrs, Chirnside has promised a valu able trophy for the Bracelet Race at tho next meeting, and this popular eveut is already pro vided for in noxt year's programme through the generosity of Sirs. Austin. College Boy, a 4-year-old son of John Bull, and Coolabali, 6 years, by Kelpie, havo been matched to run 6 furlongs, 7 st. each, for 10 , sovs. aside, but as the latter pulled up after hit dead heat in the County Purse at Hawkesbur; so lame that he could hot oppose Prodigal in ( runoff, the match may possibly fall through. Tho New South Wales horso Theurdank, Ion merly known as Jack of Clubs, died on Mondsj from an affection of the spine, caused by a ro>" ceut accident. King's Own was withdrawn- from tho Meli bourne' Cup on Monday, and Caliban on Tuos day. Swordfish, the South Australian steeple chaser, must bo one of tho best paying horsef iu the colonies. On tho 1st of this month h( wound up another hard and singularly success ful season over the big fences by carrying 12 sk 4 lb. to victory in the Adelaide Racing Clui Steeplechase, and has already returned to stuf duties. Mr. A. R. Robertson has purchased Antonio, 3 years, by Gang Forward— Jessica, and con sequently full brother to Bassanio aud Shylock, Antonio started in the Holiday Flutter at the lato A. It. 0, meeting, and was beaten a length by Vivacity, who covered the fivo furlongs il, l min. 5 sec. Alee Robertson has been retained by Mr. D. M." Robertson to ride Moonshee in his Sydney, engagements. H. Tibballs's string is likely to bo strengthened . by tho expected arrival of tho Tasmauian steeplechaser, Merman, and a 2-year-old colt by Torchlight. . jj The steoploohaser Forester, who showed nil- mistakablo lameness on his return to Tasmania after running iu the V.R.O. Grand National Steeplechase, is reported by Tarn O'Shanter, in tho Tasmantan 3 fail, to be all right again. Hs heads the list in the Campbclltown Steeplechase with the steadier of 12 sb, and " for tho sake of having his namo associated with tho event (which Forostor won two years ago) Mr. David Taylor would bo inclined to start him even under tho weight provided ho is really well on tho day." From tho same sourco I learn that tiff thoroughbred stallion Torchlight, by Firework —Tho Fly, and tho steeplechaser Evorsloy, by Maharaj, will bo offered at tho Launcestott show sale on tho tho 17th inst. Tho Nagambie Turf Club, ono of tho most recently formed racing institutions of the colony, open their new courso on Tuesday, tht, 17th November, when tho programme will in clude a Maiden Plate, Selling Race, Maiden Hurdlo Race, District Handicap and tho nOH inevitable Lndios' Bracelet, j By wire from Brisbane I hear that tho AO-, ceptanccs for tho Gympio races aro the " best on record." ' Tho Murrumbidgoo Turf Club havo decIdeC. to ronow tho Mares' and Sires' Produce Stake! and Wngga Derby upon conditions similar ft- thoso of last year. Considerable improvement will also bo mado in tho appointments of tk< Wngga courso, including the erection of a briot building containing secretary's office, telegraph offico, weighing room and jockey room. Tht; fences on tho stccplecbaso course are also to b readjusted, under the supervision of a spooiallj appointed sub-committee. Messrs. A. T. Clark, Roes and Staughton On Wednesday introduced a deputation to tho Minister of Publio Works, asking the assistance of Government in the erection of a bridge . Scross that swampy approacfi to tlio AA;illiams- ' town racecourso, which Is at present covered merely by planking. Tho dangerous and alto gether iiiadeqttalo nature ol the present accorn- modation having been pointed out. tho Minister was asked to grant halt tho required amount, the remainder to bo subscribed by the AArymt- ham cour.cii and tho AVilliamstown Racing ' Club, tho total cost being estimated at about £800. My. Doakitt, after suggesting somo alter ation in lite proportion of cost to he borne by tho council and tho racing club respectively, promised lo obtain a report and pve the sub ject his further consideration. A tsitors to AA il- liamstown in the past will agreo that the improvement sought to bo mado is a most hcdbssavv and desirable one, and it is to be hoped that tho work may be accomplished in time for the meeting to bo hold on tho Prince of AVttles' Birthday. f AYhnlever course it is intended to pursue tvitn regard to Juiv, it is now tolerably certain that I ho other Now Zealand horse, Trenton, about whom tliore has prevailed so much uncertainty, will shortly arrive in Melbourne, inasmuch as he is said lo bo on board tho Rotomahana, now en route to this port. A New Zealand paper, re marks that, following the announcement of his intended departure, his owner was fairly dclnged with good wishes for his success, and in' addition Trenton has been pretty freely hacked. All tho money that can bo got about bim for tbo Melbourne Cup has been taken, and commissions lo hack him at 100 to 4 in Mel bourno havo been sont. Thero is still a consi derable amount of uncertainty as to whether July is to come over or not ; hut 110 decision being made known, several wagers at 100 to 6 have been pencilled about his winning the New Zealand Cup. AA'arrnambool is to figure amongst tho long list of raco meetings arranged for Boxing Day. Tho progrnmmo contains seven events, not of a ,. « i _ .1 a 4Va liirrltAcf IA1'1?A particularly aiuucu>« uo-iuil., mv r. beibg 40 sovs., and the aggregate added money 200 sovs. ; rather a small total for seven races in these days of big prizes. _ . ! Chester's full brother, Monmouih, took first prize at tho New South AVales Agricultural Show, being placed before Mr. Ivory s celebrated horse, Sweetmeat, and others. Tho Doncaster St. Lcger will, he run. next AYednesday, the 16th inst. The field is lfltely to he unusually weak, and, by latest advices, the high esteem in whioh Melton was held had paralysed betting, the Derby winner being quoted at 2 to 1 somo seven weeks before the race. Paradox is not engaged in the St. Loge'r. Flcmingtott has already assumed its gay spring appearance and the coming season pro mises toho the busiost on record. Nearly all the-araiiahib boxes aro already occupied,' no less than 40 being engaged at the Newmarket Hotel \- alone. Another strong South Australian con tingent is expected lo arrive shortly, consisting of Sardlus,' Juanna, Gratitude, Bis Bis, and three others under the charge of H. Tothill. Anchorite, although ho has not yet com pletely recovered .from his rheumatic ailment, is expected to resume work in a few days, having recently shown considerable improve ment. Vasco lias been thrown out of work suffering from a bad cold. Leporello, looking big but well and hearty, is again doing slow work at Flemington. . IVhile running at Moonee ATalley in the Sep tember Handicap on Saturday, Breeze developed Bymptoms of his old enemy, nasal disease. jj .The celebrated brood mare Tinfiitder, and Deceptive, tho datn of Totalisator, have each dropped foals to The Englishman. Ada, the dam of Newatoad, has dropped a full brother to tho famous Maribyrnong Plate winner. J Messrs. Ogilvie, Robinson and Co. report the followingstuduewsfromSt. Albans, Gcelong; — August 22nd, Marigold, brown filly by King of the Ring,and goes to First King; August 23rd, Luck, hay 'colt by Bosworth , aud goes to . St. Albans; August 31st, Royal Maid, ' bay colt by St. Albans, and ro-visits him. September 6tb, Pilgrimage, chestnut colt by St. Albans, and re-visits him. The following mares have arrived on a visit for tho season: — Sir AY. J. Clarke's, Fetrea, Mr. D. S. AVallnce's Duenna and Nightmare, Mr. M. Jacobs's Queen Mary and a Croagh Patrick mare, Mr. Jos. Harper's Horticulture aud Mary Gladstone, nnd Dr. Fitzgerald's Kathleen, all to St. Albans (imp.). Sir AY. J. Clarke's Condor and Mr. Jas. Ited- fcarn's Lady Ellen to First King, and other animals aro expected. j The now grand stand and other improve ments at Randwick aro in a very . backward condition, and there is no possibility of the oo .1 tract being completed iu timo for tho Spring Meeting. Tho courso proper is very hard for want of rain, but may bo expected to improve as tho watering carts are now in daily uso nnd are already beginning to exercise b3neficlni influence on tho vergin grass. Tattorsall's Club propose extending their annual Now Year's Meeting two days. In addition to Tattorsall's Cup of 500 sovs., the programme will probably include the Carring- ton Stakes, with 1000 sovs. added, distance one mile and three furlongs. Tho programme will bo submitted for adoption by tbo committee on Monday next. Mr. A. E- Cornwall has purchased Folly and Bello Brandon, the price paid for the n» - or being 200 sovs. The Victorian bred horso Rocket, who took first prize for hunters at tho recent Now South IYtIph A r-rinnl nirnl Soeietv's Show, linn hnnn purchased by Mr. J. A. Chalmers for 200 guineas. His new owner intends to use him as ft hunter. Mr. M. H. Kent, the well known Queensland sportsman and breeder, meditates a trip to Europe, nnd Mr. T. S. Clibboru has in conse quence received instructions to submit n num ber of his horses for sals iu Sydney on Monday. -Amongst thoso catalogued aro My Lady and Galotia, . Qio- last namod being a 4-year-old sister to the successful 2-year-okl Halcyeon. Mr. F. D. Hamilton, the well known sporting journalist, died on Friday morning after a lin gering illness, Ho leaves a wife and four sonss for whose benefit a sum of about £60 was col lected last weok by a fow Bporting men. Tito New Zealand horses Thunderbolt, Liver pool and AA'inohestcr arrived at Flemington on Thursday in charge of Derritt, and wero taken to the stable formerly occupied by R. Sovior, but recently purchased by Jlr. Rigbj-, of tho Newmarket Hotel. A'auguard aud Oudeis aro expected to-day. 