'" Whtr'ore's the +tl-ohIo 1'' o"hok1 atoi llo with a K Uni.) ?nIk11 jows on, tell,]i worin it heard from eair to Ir arillll nt h uter i l't of the jaw that matdt h ,im tonk as lhough, he hadl just put it 00 for fu. lie was wotlklhg uip the ltrlioldway corridor of the holilling S Ts is the ilaihli.." " Y, tir." " W'here io ithi phstliustler I I want ito mail this lrtter." ' , I suppose tle's lup?tairs Ih til oflice." " Well, that's gaui x t" ejeulatled the countrymnn. .' WVhy .iu't he hero 'ttend ing Io his, busi?lcs ?" " Ilt Is, proaht.*1." "'That's goond llg.ll I want Io get t slinplll l hln, tlld lie ought to be here. AnII you call this plot-uomle \ Where are the fell.ers " " What fellows?" "'The fellers that sit trouml an tile I r rels u.d tell storlie." Sie dto'L thave thet htre." SWh'er'so lte nllllvl petll sot you get ouit of Iheo. l s nIII' reid P" " None here.' " \V'hrre's the feller w'ats got the teihcbcker ?" Ie? IIII't aroulnl." " I)o't tllhe poslllnstIerr reIad ll the postal cards anid papers blefor? he sendls 'eml home'l" it No." " Well, this i? Ithe wretchedest post-ofll e I over seen. They cali't get lany thlree coonli from ilte. Guess I'll lake the letter Ihole omyself," nitd he stalked away etward Corl Innd-street scratchling under his hatl.-V-,'r Y'ork ll'orld. About the only Iroubles ti it chtello single are fussy olid mtlds. "''hese setls,', ?ars a ltplanardi ilna IlHobok?en ferry hal,; "are eoxchhairely for lalies, and gentlemell ill Iplelso lint occupy Ilthem 1u ill the lalits are asaited." A wicked yonllillg 1n is that hl lineer will, upon ally' oitnslilerllllln whllterctr, really helitevtha?.l ii Ilrety girl kunos whoat it kiss iall s tlll Il he h sll it flolll lht: onll 'Tlhe Imlln wh1o was lillstllklen for a ghost tand shot at five limes lii Mil?ltkee ree.otlly handeilded not to wSel?er Ittrani hlih yarl illt nights in his night-gown and s1ippers, look ing for i c.uol plance. George \V. 'Peck, of Milw?aukee, is earry lug hist right hI..t arouindUI tt up to a 1big silk haldkerohlef. lie Ihi ben hillthered a1111i t lt ?I eath swith Illxolo it uirit s as to the lntlllur of the Itrouble iter th0e h:od terchllf, nindt sl ht has issued tIle followilln, addressc l to " 'The ge'rital questtiololg pub. lic :"--" 'his s ii bholl. Not ia arhuncle. lust a hIoll. I knowl you havle had boils bigger than it lte, hut this O0to is big enuigh for toe. I llai teo hog I lidn't wll lint theII biggest boll. Yes, I have Itried flaxseed, breld milt mltk, alnd s:lpprlar?relm Ioultices Each Is beltter thllan tile other, ntil ill of them are frauds. 'No, tihe ' bad by' hilt not been Idayilg a joke oil te. This Is ino joke. Yes, I think it Is cussiedness worktlug out of tie. Yes, t bhas broke-that is, It ihas mallde all assinllllllt. No, I donll't w?, annother."--?Iilmneco?' ll'i~ronsio. 