1flot>elt0t DAN LYONS' DOOM. CHAPTER V.—(CONTINUED.) • — By WAIT WANDER. " My God 1" murmured that wretched being, as he got up and went away past the growling dog, " sorely my punishment is too great 1" The children both rose and stood looking after the priest's retreating form. Neither of them had heard his despairing ejaculation, but they could see from the unfortunate being's gestures that he was in great pain of some kind. "He must be very ill," the gentle little girl said. "Is that a clergyman?" asked Daniel, .with : a -heavy frown over his fine, and yet ftngry eyes. ^ Si think so. He is called Father James, know Daniel, and don't you Bee his know nothing about his dress; I never ^a priest before, but I know one thing, it is that whoever that man is he is a jne.* ytJh dear, how caqj you tell? he was a I. rude I think, but ha looks ill, and • makes people short-tempered, mama Chfey resumed their work on the grave, &nd; were silent for some moments, and it was Daniel who broke the silence by the abiupt question. : " Resignation, did yon ever see a picture of Dau Lyons?" ' -'Oh nol why do you ask that?" the child asked, as she again lifted her eyes and teeted themon .the boy's face. "BecauseI .. should like to know exactly what he was like; Jpon know something about'it, don't you? . rve often aBked mother to describe him to me, but she onlyturhs her face away from me when I do. What was he like Resignation? mat kind of face had he?" " Mama has told me," was the reply in a low voice, as the little girl glanced around with a shudder;" and I often dream that I am looking in his bad face. He was a tall, stout man, with a fat, red face, and great coarse hands and feet. He used to drink awfully too, and was always bad, even before he killed my poor, darling papa." _ " Of course he was," Daniel observed decidedly," and Dan LyonB was big and fat— eh?" "Yea." "I wonder what became of him; the police never got on his track." "Oh no, I hope he is dead." " I hope he is not! I hope I shall see him die by inches!" Resignation shook her head. Daniel's face . was flushed with passion, his hands were clenched, and his grand dark eyes seemed to scintillate. " It is so strange that you should feel it so," the girl declared, " Mama often remarks that if it had been your own father who was killed you could not have hated his murderer more." " That is true, I could not." Again there was a short silence, again broken by the lad. "Resignation tell, me about a sensitive plant; what is it?" "A sensitive plant 1 Oh, it is a plant whose leaves shrink and close at the slightest touoh. Why,Daniel?" "I wish we coald get one and plant it here," replied the boy, laying his hand just over where the heart of the dead man had once rested, " and then if Dan Lyons dared to put his foot near this, the leaves would tell us." " I'm afraid they could not do that, Daniel," Resignation said with a little sigh, " but God will tell us, some day." "Aye,child, God will tell you some day, but it will be so near the moment when you shall see your father's face for the first time that the horror of the knowledge shall be overwhelmed for ever in the brightness of an everlasting heaven." And that wretched being, who had rushed -away from the grave, with his hands clenched and an awful horror in his eyes, opened the gate and went outside the fence of the enclosure. Where was he going ? He did not know himself at the moment; anywhere, anywhere away from the presence of those children, and the vicinity of that grave. He sat down when he had gone a little way down the hillside, and bent his white face into his hands; but that did not hide from his hidden eyes those staring black letters on the white stone—"Vengeance is Mine; I will repay, siuth the Lord." There was the rustle of leaves and grass around him, and the twitter iof birds over his head, but he heard only the words Resignation St. Herrick had repeated as her mother's: " As surely as God'B sun shines in the sky, God's vengeance will overtake Dan Lyons, the murderer." . Father James sat there for some time, and then he suddenly lifted his head and looked tip at the pure, pale-blue, sun-flooded sky above him. Was he thinking of the Great First Gause, whose dwelling our human veneration located high above the clouds, whether they float above the far East or the far West; the icy North or the frozen South? Was he doubting the possibility of a prayer reaching the foot of the Great White Throne through that pellucid ether that was as brass to the prayers of the unrepentant sinner? Who may tell? But he got up as suddenly as he had seated himself, and drained a little flask he had in his pocket ere he went on his way with a determined step. He muttered to himself as he went, strange words that bat hinted wildly at the secret he earned. . . " I will be a coward no longer; it is the only chance or hope," were some of the words that dropped from his pale, drawn lips. " I have come all these miles to do it, and now that I am here I dread to speak. Nonsense, she is but a woman after all, and if she denies me I cannot be worse than I am." It was toward a pretty cottage at the very .outskirts of the township that His steps were turned. It lay in the midst of encircling verdure, and faced the creek. When one crossed the little bridge that crossed Roban Creek they stood at the gate of the cottage, on the very threshold, as it were, of the garden in front of it. This cottage was the one Mr. Pollard had built for the widow of Colonel St. Herrick, and he had done all that was possible to give brightness to the home of the poor lady whom all pitied; but he had failed. How is it that there is a something always visible in even the outside of a house to hint at the feelings indulged by those who inhabit it ? Tbe garden of the cottage was neatly kept, for Resignation and her rough friend Daniel Griffiths spent much of their time in it, but the very flowers were chosen for their subdued tints. There were no flaunting colors there among the green freshness. Perhaps the principal reason that glaring and gaudy oolors were avoided was the fact that every* thing at the cottage was cultivated with the One idea that at some time or other, in blossom or plant, must go to decorate that sacred grave of the husband and father. In no garden round Marranga were seen such lovely white and yellow and pale blush roses. May and jasmine and honeysuckle, and great pale passion-flowers made beautiful the trelliswork of the summer-house and drooped from the verandah. In their season tall, white Easter lilies stood sentinel over the beds as did that white stone in the cemetery over the breast of the murdered man, and the Guelder roses, big balls of clustering blossom, floated in a sea of green leaves near the pale blossoming lilac. Into this garden of pale, pure flowers' stepped that black-robed man with the hollow eyes that we know as Father James. If his heart beat hard and painfully there was no outward evidence of it as he knocked at the door under the shadowed verandah. There was no sound to tell of life in that still house. The windows in front were hung with dark colors, and there was no floating-breezeblown lace to give lightness and grace to the rooms within. When Mrs. St. Herrick's great trouble fell upon her life she accepted it as full and complete as though no sun ever shone on God's other gifts, at least, for her. When she opened the door to that knock, Father James's eyes rested on a woman as white- faced as himself, and with robes as hopelessly black. She was young, at least comparatively so, thirty-two or three years old perhaps, and she might have been beautiful once, bat in her features there.was no trace of gentle Resignation's sweet features or expression. Mrs. St. Herrick's hair was dark and her eyes grey, but every feature was hard and cold and bitter, for she had never forgiven Fate for the eruel blow that had stricken her life's idol from her side. If I dared to say it I would hint that she had never forgiven theXJod who had afflicted her, and yet, strange anomaly, she had borne sweet, patient Resignation St. Herrick. When she stood before the man it was with a hard questioning face that did not change until ishe grasped his errand. " I am Father JameaBrady, the new tenant of St. Herrick's, and have some business with Mrs. St. Herrick." I am she," was the reply; but she made no movement to admit him. ' " I have come on an errand of such moment that I am sure I need not apologise for requesting an interview. I have come to you at the request of that unhappy man, Dan Lyons." "What?" "It is true, madam; I have come from him." " Oh, heaven 1 has the time come at last 1 Shall I see my darling avenged at last, at lastl" She had seized his arm with no gentle hand, and was dragging the priest into the sitting-room $hile she was speaking. " He has been caught ? He has given himself up? He has confessed? He is condemned? He will die? Come in and tell me all—all 1" He fell Tather than sat down upon a chair ear the door, and lifted his hat for a moment, only however as if to relieve himself of an intolerable burden for one moment, for he replaced it instantly. Mrs. St. Herrick had, however, seen the tonsure, and it was to her a confirmation of her dearest hopes. L " YCB, you area priest," she added excitedly, bct "you have seen the monster, and he has confessed to you, and you bring me the glorious tidings." " It is a mistake," the visitor replied in a h low tone, as his eyes remained riveted on the carpet at his feet. "It is true that Dan f Lyons has confessed to me, but he is far away in another land, and is not a prisoner." "Not a prisoner 1 You know of hiB crime, yet the murderer is free. You then are an accomplice—a villain of as deep a dye as Dan the accursed himself !" "I am a priest," the man replied, in a voice that trembled in spite of him, "and ~ received the confession of the man under the sacred seal of the confessional. I am here with the words that unhappy man has , put in my mouth to speak to you. Will you listen to them ? " " Yes, I will listen." Mrs. St. Herricks sat down opposite Father James with her eyes full of the strong^ determination that was a prominent point in her character, and her heart was beating with a wild hope. Oh yes, she would listen, and with such acute ears that, not one clue that might trap the spiller of blood should escape them 1 I muBt tell you his story—tell it to you from the moment when he fled from Marranga." " From the moment that he knew my poor husband had written, denouncing him with fingers that were stiffening in darkness and death ! Go on I " " Well, he fled. He had means, for in the very instant the falling earth in the claim shut in St. Herrick's face, he saw gold in shining pieces in the. soil around him, ai^d secured enough to take ibim faraway from the scene of his crime, nor was it exhausted when he came a repentant man, to the monastery of whose order I was a brother. ««Where was it ?' the widow asked, as her breath came thick. " It does not matter. . It was on the Continent, and Dan Lyons gave the" brothers his gold, and became one of the brotherhood. For years he lived an incarcerated and selfdenying life in that monastery, only to grow thinner and whiter, and more bony and haggard with each day, for he had not confessed his crime, and his sin lay like lead on his soul. "At last he plucked up courage, and he confessed—" " 1 To you ?' interrupted Mrs. St. Herrick. " Yes, it was to me, and oh, the tale he told was awful enough to soften the hardest heart —even you, against whom his sin was greatest, would have pitied the wretched being, had you heard the story of his suffersufferings. "Ill pity Dan LyonB 1" She actually laughed as she stared in the priest's face, a laugh that was as wild as was a laugh within the cell of a maniac. "Yes you would," he cried angrily, and then she noted for the first time the smouldering fire in his deep-set eyes, " you are not a rock or a stone, you are a woman, and you must feel 1" " Yes, I feel," Mrs. St. Herrick exclaimed, « feel that if I could save Dan Lyons from eternal torture by lifting up my finger I should oat it off, lest I should lift it in my sleep. Who are you who asks a woman to pity her husband's murderer ? " " Listen yet," the priest went on, but both his pallor and the fire in his eyes were intensified as he saw the unforgiving passion in the widow's face, " you know the man's sin but yon do not know its punishment. There is not a living being but the man who speaks to you now that knows what were the last words your husband spoke. Shall I tell them to j on ? " "Yes, tell them." " They were these: ' If you leave me here to-day, as you see my face now, you will see it at this hour every night until you die yourself, and your own death will be worse than mine—aye a hundred times.' " " My husband said that ? " " Yes, and the curse has been fulfilled. It was after sundown when Dan Lyons left him there to die alone in the collapsed claim, and he did not die until after midnight." " How do you know ? Oh, my God, how do you know that my darling suffered so long?" Because from sunset to midnight for nearly twelve awful years Colonel St. Herrick's face is before Dan Lyons' eyes. No matter where he goes, or how he hides, it is there, always there. Seas have been between him and the dead man's grave, but that face is clear and fresh as though the real face hail not mouldered to dust years ago. Oh, think of that wretched man's misery and pity him Father James might have been pleading for himself so earnest, so craving, so pleading was his trembling tones. With his thin white fingers clasped as in prayer, he bent forward, and, with great tears in his awful eyes, begged for pity on the far distant man who had blood on his hands ! 1 Was it my pity he sent you all those thousands of miles to ask ? " the widow said with a sneer. ; No, it was for your forgiveness, andjin the name of that Christ we both worship give it to him 1" 1 Never ; if my own salvation was the forfeit I should not forgive Dan Lyons 1 Go man, you are mocking me 1 How dare you ask a widow to forgive the murderer of her husband." One moment yet, oh listen yet. A holy man has told that wretched man that the moment he receives your forgiveness he will cease to be a haunted man—oh, for the mercy and charity and pity oi Almighty God, forgive him 1" " You are mad 1" she cried, as she rose and pointed to the door; "you are a madman and I am a lone woman—go ! I heard that you were ill and I am sorry for you, but I did not know you were a lunatic or I would not have admitted you. I shall tell no one of this absurd visit, so you see I am merciful, though I would not forgive a monster." He rose and faced her. " I am not mad," he said, " and I have only delivered Dan Lyons' message. Once more is your answer no—you will not forgive as you hope for forgiveness ? " ' Never 1 Have I not said it ? I am a woman, but I could see Dan Lyons tortured to death and rejoice in the eyes that enabled me to see it! " Father James looked steadily into the excited woman's flashing eyes, a look that she never forgot and that punished her for her hard heart until the light of life left her own eyeB. "I have heard your answer, and now listen to Dan Lyon's words. • If she refuses, tell her that what die has suffered in the past shall be as nothing to what she shall suffer in the future—that I swear before high heaven I'" If Dan had been swearing himself he could not have looked more terrible than that blackrobed man I As he lifted hiB thin hand up with the oath, Mrs. St. Herrick fell back on her seat scathed by the terrible look in his eyes, and Father James went out alone, brushing the pale flowers of the garden with the skirts of his black coat and wiping his feet on the threshold as one who leaves' a curse behind him. CHAPTER VI. THE NUGGET CLAIM. US suppose a gap of two or three weeks the opening of this chapter and the close of the last, and note a few of the events that had occurred during those weeks. In the first place shaft No. 2 in the gully been cleared out, rigged with a windlass and other digging gear, and a company of formed as proprietors, though but two of them were working partners. Of the four of course Tady and his master were two, and the other two were Charlie Ellis, the favorite young trooper stationed at Marranga, and a young man named George Clark, the son of a farmer in the vicinity of the township. In claim No. 1 a great deal of work had also been done, but there was a great deal more to do. For one thing the No. 1 workings had been originally far more developed than any other opened in the gully, and had, at the time of the murder, and in consequence of the murderer's displacement of the props to effect his purpose, fallen in,almost from the surface, so that to enable the mining to be resumed on the original plan, a great deal of clearing-out work had to be done. While his brother Conn. and"other engaged men were occupied in this work,Father James had been almost entirely confined to his rpqm, and no one could doubt his illness who looked into his face. There was a dreadful warfare going on in that miserable man's breast—'a warfare that Nora never once was awaire of or noticed, that Conn, saw but did not quite understand, but that Mrs. Brady watched with a keen eye and a purpose deathly and vindictive. He wandered around the gardens in the dusk of evenings, avoiding his kind as though the sight of a human face was hateful to him, and more especially did the sight of his mother act upon him in the strangest man ner. He would shudder if his eye met her's, and turn away hurriedly sometimes, while at others he would meet her look with one so avffal—so full of white, threatening angerthat she would hasten away with the fear of she dared scarcely think what in her hardened heart. In the dead hours of night, too, there were sometimes heard shrieks as for mercy, and shouts as of triumph, and groans as of a deathly agony, and when those of St. Herrick's heard them they were wont to cover their heads up in the bed-clothes, and wait for silence in fear and trembling. But St. Herrick's was far from another house, and no hint of these disturbances had as yet leaked out for Nora, who was the only ignorant one of the family, was a heavy sleeper, and easily terrified by a hint at ghosts; so they had little trouble with her; only Tady, her lover, felt the troublesome effects of the ghost rumour, for Nora would not meet him after dusk for all his bribes of ribbons and cheap jewelry, and he was working so hard in the day time that he could not snatch many moments to gladden his little eyes with a sight of his darling's face. One brilliant morning, when the sun's rays were sparkling in the waters of Creek Roban, like a rain of diamonds, and when every leaf and flower seemed to have retained all the freshness of the sweet dew, Leonard Prosser mounted his horse and rode the short distance between the Marranga Hotel and the Marranga Police Station. His destination was the latter, for during the time that has dapsed since I closed my laBt chapter, Leonard had formed a sincere liking for young Trooper Ellis, who had by chance be- oome a partner in iNo. 2 claim with Leonard Prosser* w As the young Irishman rode up to the station, Charlie Ellis led his horse out from the stable by a side gate and brightly greeted his new friend, and if one had called a parade of all the " mounted men" in Australia, they could not have picked out a cleaner-limbed, a better made, or a handsomer-faced member of the corps than Trooper Charlie Ellis. No one ever called him " Chawles." You could not fancy such a thing, looking in his "bright, open, boyish face. He was Charlie with every one, and, as I have said before, a favourite with every one also. My word, what a killing swell you are this morning, Charlie 1" said Leonard, as he drew his horee up, " whoever gets your breeches up deserves a testimonial." "Yes, Prosser, I flatter myself they're a good fit," said the young chap as he scanned his handsome limbs, "but as for being a swell, you must remember that it is not every one who can afford to dress as carelessly as yourself." "Is that intended for a rap, Charlie?" asked Leonard with a smile; " well, I believe I am rather careless, but isn't this tweed good enough for this occasion, eh? You know I don't mean that, Prosser; I i mean that your appearance is always that oi a gentleman, no matter what you wear, while I must be natty to be noticed at all." Oh, such apparent modesty 1 I thought you were above fishingfor compliments, Ellis? I am certain that you know as well as everybody else that there is not a handsomer young chap within miles." " I know I'm not bad looking, but I envy your inches, and your broad shoulders. I'm such-a little chap, Leonard." " Do you call five feet eight little?" " Well, yes, I do—for a man. Do you know that Miss Clark is five feet six and a half." Leonard, laughed pleasantly, and poor Charlie's face grew rosy as a girl's. " That was a slip at any rate, my dear fellow, and so it is in comparison with Miss Clark's inches that you are disgusted with your own ? Now, do you know that I should much prefer you medium length of limb to my own ?" " Would you really?" " Yes; and ladies, especially tall ones," he added, with a sly glance at his companion as they rode away together, " always like men of medium size best." "Hum—I hope it may prove so in this instance, for to tell you the truth as a friend, Prosser, all my future happiness depends on Fanny Clark's opinion of me." My dear fellow, you have my very best wishes," and the hands of the two young men were clasped, " and I think that as she is a young lady of taste there can be no doubt as to the result of your hopes." " But look at my position, Leonard. How can I ask any girl.brought up as she has been to become a policeman's wife? The very name is enough. If the claim would fulfil Tady's expectations now, there would be some chance." Let us hope Tady will be a good prophet then, if only for your Bake, Charlie. You know I care very Little for my own, I have enough for comfort, and have no craving for anything beyond what my income will afford me.'" " Lucky fellow 1" exclaimed Ellis, " and you have never fallen in love, yet?" " In love? oh fifty times 1 I have been in love always ever since I can remember until within the last few years. I think I must have used up all my allowance of what is called love in my school days, and so have none left for my years of discretion." "What is called love?" Charlie repeated. " Don't you believe in the feeling, then?" " I can't from personal experience at least," replied Leonard; "for the feeling that did duty for love with me was so inconstant that it seldom lasted longer than until circumstances brought me in contaot with a new face. But talking of the tender passion now, there's an instance if you like in my friend Tady Connor," and the speaker threw back his handsome head and laughed joyously. " Is the d fool in earnest ?" asked harlie, with disgust. " In earnest ? I should think so! He is hinking of Nora and nuggets from morning ntil night, and from night until morning, oo, for he mutters * me darlin asthore achree Nora,' in his dreams, and fancies he stringing nuggets to hang round her bewcheful neck'—oh yes, he is in earnest— uite! «.' Ridiculous!" cried the young trooper lmost angrily," a man of his age and appearnce S" " Be merciful, my dear young Adonis 1" eturned Leonard with a smile that showed is strong white teeth under his glossy oustache; " must one be handsome to have heart ? I assure you that poor Tady has ne, and a warm and true one in spite of his isproportionate shape and funny limbs." " I don't doubt all that, but at his years one might expect sense enough to hide any ridiculous exhibitions of his folly." " I'm afraid Tady does not think suffi ciently of appearances," responded Leonard with gravity and a sly glance at Charlie's • cords.'" " In one sense he does, quite enough, retorted the young "bobby" with some heat; "I'm sure when he dons that blue suit with the brabs buttons his airs of con scious self-appreciation are sickening! and besides how can he feel anything for a girl like that ? "Is Miss Nora Brady not so lovely and loveable as poor Tady imagines her then? You know I have never seen her." " Nora Brady is a lump of a girl without, I do believe, one ounce of brains. I don't believe I ever saw in my life a creature so unutterably stupid and animal-like as she " She is no favorite then, Charlie? " "Not of mine, and I detest the whole family!" Leonard looked wonderingly at his companion. Himself of a calm and even temper and an unexcitable temperament, to him the strong feeling exhibited by Charlie Ellis was a matter of surprise. "I had business at St. Herrick's one day," the young trooper went on, "and had an opportunity of seeing something of these Brady's. -Mrs. Brady especially has one of the worst faces I ever saw, and if there was any underhand and hidden law-breaking going on in Marrbnga, I should be inclined to look for a clue to it under the roof of St. Herrick's.' " Talking of St. Herrick's, that was a sad thing about Colonel St. Herrick's murder. Now if I were a policeman I think I should feel deeply interested in that crime, e?pecially stationed here on the spot." (To be continued.) 