Slio ExtravaiKaat Hlndn iLegevidi ' Of tho Hindo-Iogando tha most 'oti-iking feature is. their wildnoss. Is it a protoot against tbe dull monotony oi lifo in ' India?. Or is lifo less monotonous to tho nativa tban to tho Europoan J Lai Boliari'a talos, any-1 how, orowildortbantho.wildoBt.bitsof.thoj -9 Arabian, Nighta." ;, A yonng mnn. pnta an egg of the tooutoonia , bird into a cupboard, and out of it camps 0 babo ; that, grows, into! tho loveliest girl the .world ever , saw, , ,Tbo tnannilt stono in some Bnakea'.headsle.wortU tho.woolth of Bovonkingo. . In e certain/city an.elophant . ie, king..makbr,;.but to Iting of hip ohoiae , only reigna.a,day,for out pi. thq quobne month ., pomps a; threadlike;. pnske,' whioh slays lliin, in tho bridal chambor. A long-lost aon, who had, fallen in lovo with hid mother, ..ondi hae monntod . tho , oow-hogso; ropf ;that dto may .break in and oorry)hpr/ pi .happily .hears hia life's atpry..frbid,twp,,ba\y.ss that ara quietly dipoussing', him' 1.0x7:,,.. wifa going oat of dpare on ,a dnfk.nigbt.iibbl-j dentally Itnooko np . cgainst a . Ganlcohinnii .white lady ghost, that sat : on. a low; brnnchi The rovongoiul araathra at once took, hor, by! tbo throat, thrust hor iitto a holo irp'tho.irco,! and wont in; taking her shapa. so/completely that tho mothor- in-law, that universal inmatd of the Hindu lint, waa deeoived. Tha only diffnronco waa that, v;horcns the wlio lmd been' weak and languid, tlio ghost was brisk end' notivo. " Sho hao turned over n now leaf ; co much tlio bettor," caid tho niothor-in-lav/,' when tho crranda and tho cooking wcrodoud in next to no! tirno. Bnt ono day thp old woman cenght night of tho glicat fetching something from tho next room ghoat fashion, by-Bttotohiqg, ont along arm— for ghosts can stretch their, limbs n great way, thpugh not! as far as Bakahasis con,' Bha said nothing,' but told her son,, and thoy watched, ond hoi fore long they saw the kitobon hearth ahlazoj though thoy know there wail no fire in. tha house. Looking through a chink thoy. now, thot tho . wifo had thrust her foot into tho oven, and that it woo burning liko a bit of wood. " Sho's a gho.fi," lhay uhispercd, no thoy went for tho ojha, who tested licr by burning tnmerio nudcr licr n;;..;1. Ghu provec| hcrghootship by eoroaming, nod was then beaten with elippern till i.lin confcsccdand showed where tho real wife wpo, and .wad again beaten till che prnmiecd neve, to do thq family any further harm. — AH the Year Bound. . j. A sacred burden is thi:: life yo beat | Look on it, lift it, bear it solomuly, ' 8tand up aud walk beneath it stcadfactiy. . f FniinobfoR snvroy.',. falter not ipr ain;,, 1 But onward, upward, till the goal ya win. 