GOULBURN. (from our correspondent.) The ghost has again 'revisited the glimpses of the moon.' In other \^rds, Sir Henry has come amongst us for the first time since his election. This time, howevor, in an entirely now character. On Friday night he treated a large audience to a very wordy lecture on ' Life Glimpses of G:eat Men and Women.' It is unnecessary to say the idea conveyed by the lecture is— Sir Henry s by far the most important person of them all. Au iota of knowledge of their inner life or one sentence telling the great points ef their character or the secret of that greatness is not to lin fmmri ? and wo know inst as much about the 'Dersons as before with this addition, that some of them have shaken hands with Sir Henry, and others written their names in. Jhia birthday book. The modest pronoun 'I' was kept back throughout as usual, and only dots this weak, ramb ling discourse in one. hundred and severity-five places. Two points I wish to call attention to as worthy of notice. He says when at home he heard John Bright advocating ' the clotnre in the House of Commons, and he was followed by Mi*. Sexton in an able and bitter reply. . Sir Henry con siders this the height of ingratitude, as Bright was always a friend to Ireland. Was he acting as Ireland's friend on that night, when ho belied the noble work of his early days, and trampled under foot every principle, of. true liberalism in gagging her members, when of all times inher sorest hour of need Ireland required their help P Againho assures us he has Gladstone's own word for it he will not disintegrate the empire; ' of coursethat settles the matter. ? Parnell may give up his mad struggle. .; .' This evening our, local volunteers returned, and were mot by a gbod'number of persons at the railway station. St. Patrick's College will breakup for midwinter holidays ion'Friday, the. 26th. . ??-'??:?'. . . ?; ?-....'? ..?:,-?? ? .. . The:fprmal opening and blessing of .the new additions to the schools at!the' Mercy Convent will take place on Tues 'ddynext. ' '??' ;:V;- --':'??'- ? ? ?' ? '.'-:?';. ,.'? :-:..v '.??? ?:-. iThe rainhas, continued during, the .greater part of the week, and the number, of sick persons, which a few weeks ago was sufficient 'to cause: alarm, is now diminishing in the town. ? ,''''?. ': ?''?'' '?'?'?? '''??' '' '.'' '''''' ?'???' ? , ' ? 