FRLaNK .UALVALRY; A SEMI-NAUTI0AL NOVEL J. J. UTTING, Author of " The Golden Cress," EtJc. CHAPTER XXlI :rank goes down to the beach--Meets his fri lend Harry--lis messmntes--The' Nep tune 't sets sail for the Mediterranean Sea- sickness-A suspicious craft-The :attack--Frank shows great bravery. Whenon ourhero reached Portsmouth, be wens straight down to the beach snd asked one of the 'watermen where t'he' No~utueo ' was lying. 'Want tgo on board, sir? Take ydu off for a couple of shillings. ' SWhere is sie .lying ? ' ' Thlat' her,' pointing to a frigato off' Spirlheund, and a fine vessel she is, too. Jrump in, I'll pull you to her in no time, sir.' ' No thsuk you, I am not going on . board just now,' and he turned away. 'Please, have you got ai copper for Jack, for telling you. Ah! here comes her boat.' ' Where ?' .' Why, if you look close you'll see :the cutter leave the side. Yes,they've shoved off, and are pulling this.way' -Thank you, sir,' said he, as Frank Sdropped a coin into liis hand. Our hero thought he would stay till it approached; He was dressed in plain clothes, as Captain Vernon had stated in his letter that he wouldrathsr fit him out at Portsmouth, ad there. fore he could look upon the approach ing boat without being questioned by its occupants. :The cutter neared the shore, and 9 Frank thought he could distinguish his friend Harry in the stern sheets. .' Now you Jones,' exclaimed the cox swain, '- will you pull properly, and not : keep di ging your oar into Brown's back, or shall 1 report you?' 'Please.your honour, I can't help it; here's this Smith behind me, so, mak ing nme laugh that I'se swallowed my quid, and its a'most choked,me, so I hope you'll look over it this once. 'Very well, but mind if I catch you larking, you Smith, I'll' report you, or mny name's not (irunter.' ' Well, if you warn't a i"grunter, by name, you would be by nature,' said Sone of the men sotto voce. SPlease, sir, here's Bill'Starling says as how 'Hold your inferual jaw, will you; unship your oars, tend bow !' and the oars were simultaneously thrown- up, whilst the bosyman stood' in the head, shoving and pushing the shore boats on one side in a manner by no means com plimentary to the owners. 'Get out of thle way, you scum of the arth-? ' Water, you mean, you lubber.' ' You be d-d; speak when you're spoken to, and not afore. As I was saying, get out of the way you scum of the arth, and? make way for the cutter of H If.S. 'Neptune,' ' exclaimed one of the bowman, sticking his hookinto the wherries right and left, and clearing a passage for the man-of-war's boat. Yes, it was Harry in the stern,'and before the boat had fairly touched the' ground, he leapt out on to the beach, and shook Flank heartily by the hand. 'So we've met; again, and I hope we shan't be separated in a hurry. Come with me up to the ' Golden Cross,' I've got a letter from the f£rst luff for----' 'The first what ?' ' "Lieutenant-for the captain . i 'suppose you have' seen him, and were going on board:' o No, I have not seen'Captain Vernon yet? Neither 'was I 'going on board. ,:What ! not seen thecaptain yet ? Then you had better come with me, and pay your respects to him at once. What were your. instructions when you left home?' ' I was to come down here, and then go to the ' Golden Cross' and give my letter to my cousin.' 'And you hav'nt been ?' 'No, not yet. I thought I would come down to the beach and have a look about me first.' ' Well, I advise you not.to tell that to Captain Vernon; for, hark ye, its a great breach of respect towards your skipper. You bught.to have seen'him lirst thing, as you had orders to do so. However, come along with' me, and mind you don't say that, you've been down to the beach. Did you bring any .luggage with you? ' . 'No; Captain Vernon is going to !fit me out down hero. I shall.have a chest of things from London to-morrow, though. I did not bring it with me, because my sister and grandmother would not let me-that's tho truth. They both said they had something more to put into it, but that it should be here to-day,' They had now reached the .'.Golden Cross,'and were shown up to Captain Vernon's rooms and told to wait, as the gallant captain was in conversatior with a lady and gentleman in the next suite of apartments. In about a quarter of an hour he entered.- Frank had not seen hinm for two years, and in that time he was greatly altered. HTo looked very much older than when we last met liim, the reason of which was perhaps that, since he had assumed: the rank of post-captain, heo had so muchi more responsibility upon his shoulders. His face had not, however, lost its pleasing aspect. I-IHe ?wes rather tall and.slimly built, and looked about thirty-threo years of age. In reality, he was but twenty-five, but his dark bronzed face made him look older. He had been to sea ever since he was nine years of age, and had seen much service in various parts of the world. . ' So you have come at last,' said1.h, extending his hand to Fraink. SYes, sir." 'And how is your sister and iMrs. and Mr. Berthold ?' 'All quite wel!, I thank you, sir, and desired me to give their love to you.' After some conversation, the captain wrote a letter to the first lieutenant, and gave it to Harry in answer to the one he had brought. 'I suppose the boat is waiting ?' 'Yes, sir,' replied Harry, touching his forehead. ' Well then, take this note on board.' Harry looked at Frank. 'Aye, aye, you young monkey, I see what you are after; but you wouldn't have your friend go on board in his present school-boy rig, would you?' 'Come, run down to the boat, give the cozswain that letter, and tell him to give it to Mr. Duvall, and then 'ou may return here and remain with .Mr. Calvary, or you can show him about the town till he is in decent trim to go on board.' , ' Thank you, sir ' and againtouching his forehead, he skipped lightly from. the room.. "And now come along with me to the tailor's,' Said Captain Vernon to Frank, ' and we will see what can be done to make you look a little more like an officer. ' The next day, Frank was. dressed out-much to his own satisfaction like his friend Harry, and as they they paraded High-street together, he fancied everybody must be looking at hini, so he comported himself-or rather tried 'to do so-as though he had been at sea from his very child hood. They were going on board- our hero for the first time-and mighty fine they thought themselves as they strutted arm-in-arm down to the beach, A shore boat was engaged to take them off to .the frigate, and at last Frank might be said to be fairly afloat. As they approached the ' Neptune,' our hero gazed upon her with wonder and admiration for he had never before seen such a vessel. One or two mid dies were lounging idly over the side, while as many more were strutting up and down the. quarter-deck giving orders to the'men at work-some oi whomwere did enought o be their grand fathers. At length, after knocking his shins a good deal, Frank stood upon the deck. The young gentlemen im mediately crowded around him, and tendered him their sincere congratula that he had not 'shot the cat;' for only a week before, whan, it was not so i~ough as it was now, a midd3 who had come off in a shore-boat was dread fully sick and ill, and had tobe hauled on board by means of a spare halyard. So said the middies. ' What a beautiful' vessel!' was Frank's first exclamation, after the congratulations at his perfect health had somewhat subsided. ' Ah, my :boy, and she's every bit as good a sailer as she's handsome. There isn't a frigate in the whole service that can touch her in speed.' 'Then I suppose. you have tough work sometimes?' 'Tough work! I believe you. Only last month we fell in with a largo French ninety-gun ship in the Bay of Bisca?y, gave the fellow chase, and came up with him hand over hand. We fought hininfor ten hours, and then the splendid line-of-battle-ship-the best one in the I'rench : Navy--.Tmperieuse was our prize, but not before nearly two-thirds of our crew were killed. Tough wor k! I believe you.. Now come down into the gun-room, and let's introduce you you to the rest of the mess,' and the officious and not particularly truth loving young iniddy led the way. The gun-room was large and spacious, . and at the time Frank descended, the middies, master's mate, purser, and others,' were just sitting down to dinner, and each seemed as merry as a cricket, if we except one small boy who sat dismally up in the corner, with his hands upon the pit of his stomach, making the most fright ful and inhilman contortions. This was the individual mentioned by the midshipman as having been sick while coming on board. Frank received a hearty welcome from his new messmates, who im mediately cleared a place at table for him, and helped him to the best of everything in honour of his arrival. After he had been on board about a' week, it was reported the frigate would weigh anchor on the following morning. That same evening the captain came on board and told the first lieutenanut that they.were to get the anchor up the next day at 8 o'clock a.m., and shape their course for the Mediterranean. It was late before Frank got to sleep that night, and on awakening the next morning he felt very de-. oidedly as though he should be sick, and by the motion of the vessel, he guessed he was at sea. Just as he was atteinpting to dress, Harry came down and joyfully announced that they .were at last off, and, with .a fine breeze, running through the Needles. Frank did not seemj at all comforted by this annoucement, for, to" tell the truth, his head began to ache violently, and for the time, he wished he was anywhere but at sea. Cone, cheer up; you'Ul soon be all right. Ill tell you, out of friendship's sake, what's thle very best thing you can do to keep off, and get red of sick 'What ? If it only succeeds I'll nalh ' '"Why, get up-I don't know why you didn'nt tumble on deck before, hut one of the mids says Captain Vernon desired you should not, be awoke, because he knows what iea sickneuss is; but I say the. sooner you get over it the better- it must.come one time or another, so it may as well be first as last. - Well, when you are up, go to the captain's steward, and get k hunk of cold salt beef, and gnaw away at that like a rat gnawing at a tow-rope, and you'll soon be as strong and hearty as any of us.' .Then seeing that Frank looked most woebegone and blue about the gills, he called out, 'Boy, bring a basin !' and he was.just in time, for, had he been a moment Ilater, his white ducks would have paid a heavy penalty. As it was, they were slightly disfigured, for, as Frank gave his head a spasmodic jerk forward, part of that intended for the basin went over the spotless jeans of his friend. Our hero afterwards took Harry's advice, ate plontifully, and in a fort night he was, as Harry had predicted, as strong and hearty as any of them. During 'the time he had, been laid on the shelf of sickness, nothing but contrary winds had prevailed, and they were even now beating about the Channel. At ialstit became fair, and then our hero did not deplore his lot, but used his utmost diligence to gain a khowledge of his profession.. One fine, glorious day, they were in the Mediterranean with the wind dead aft. Frank was pacing the quarter deck with Harry-they were both in the same watch. Suddenly a cry. of 'Sail-ho!' came from the main cross trees, where a man was at work. ' Where away?' asked Mr. Duvall, the first jlieutenant. ' Right ahead, sir.' ' What do you make her out ?' 'Large schooner, sir. ' 'Very wellt Clap fon all sail f'r Bowers, and let's overhaul the craft, and see what she's made of. ' But itwas evident the stranger had seen the frigate, and was in- no disposition to be overhauled; for she put on sail after sail, and showed her self to be a smarter vessel than the frigate. Night came on, and it fell a dead calm. The water was without a ripple, and the moon shone clear and bright. Suddenly Captain Vernon ordered the launch and first and second cutters out. The lieutenant looked at him in quiringly. 'I can see the schooner,' said the captain. ' bee the schooner ' .j Yes;. if you come here, I .will point her out. Look!-- just between my two fingers. I am sure that'sshe. The Lieutenant, as he looked, saw something dark against the horizon; but he did not think it was the schooner. The captain however, held a different opinion, and ordered the' first and second cutters, as well as the launch, to be manned with a party of marines and blue jackets under the command of the first and second lieu tenants, and the boatswain. Just as the last boat was shoving off, Frank asked if he might accompany the expedition. At first he was denied the captain saying he did not like him to have his firet fight at night; but, finally he consented, telling him to take great care of himself, and not to ruan his head into any unnecessary danger. This, Frank promised, and, jumping in the second cutter, which was commanded by Mr. Duvall, waved his hand to Harry,, who was, much' against his will, left on board the frigate. They rowed steadily for more than an hour, and every stroke they pulled, the more plainly the schooner became visible. Atlast, when within a quar ter of a mile the lieutenant told them to lie on their oars ; and while they did so he conferred with the second lieu tenant for a few minutes. ' I wonder what the craft is ? She looks respectable enough to me; but you know if the captain has the slight est suspicion he .will follow 'a vessel till he overhauls her. What do you think we had better do ?' 'W hy, the~oatlain said ifshelooked like an English vessel donly one boat was to approach, and examine her papers. She is,.so far as we can see, a peaceful looking trader, and two boats had better- remain here while you board her. If she should be an enemy you can easily fire a gun, when we Will cpme down in a minute.' ' Very well, M]r. &tiff; ~hen I'll take your advice :and mind if you hear a gun that you come down' diractly., I do not, however, think we shall re quire you. How quiet all seems on board. Give way men!' and the oars were once more dipped into the water, and the cutter quickly glided towards the stranger.. ' I don't like her appearance,' said an old salt who was in the first cutter, 'and if you take the advice of an old seanian, Ir. Stiff, yoi will edge alit tle nearer to that craft. There can't be no harm done by it, and there may be'a deal'bf good. You'll excuse me making so bold.' 'eryJ well, Williamnis; as you say there can be harm in it; so edge just? a little nearer the schooner my men. To return to the second cutter. F?rank sat in the stern'sheets, armed with a pair, jot beautifully finished pistols which his grandfather had given'him. By his side was a sword; but at present he had little knowledge of the manner of using it. SWhen about fifty yards distant the' first lieutenant ' hailed, ' Schooner, ahoy!' 'No answer. 'Schooner ahoy ! repeated ho.' ' What cheer ' came backin good unmistakable Eziglish.: ' You're a pretty .lot-sleeping in your watch. WVhat vessel's that? ' The "'Nestoi.'' :' WVell,: we'll come and have a look at you if you have'no objeotion.' 'Aye, aye, sir ! come along-we're quite willing.' The boat was now alongside, and the lieutenant clambered on deck, followed by our hero and half a dozen armedseamen. No sooner, however, had they obtained a footing, than forty men sprang up from the different' hatoliways, and rushed upon them. At the same time they let fly a volley of pistol bullets, and the lioutenant and two men fell back wounded into the boat. Frank, and about five others, were alone left upon the deck. As soon as their comradcs'below heard the volley. fired, ahd saw Mr. Duvall fall into the boat, they attempted to board, but without avail; they were greatly outnumbered and forced back. Our hereo and the four gallant men with him had retreated to the stern, where they were contending' with at least three times their own numbers. Frank's pistols now' served him in good stead,"for with them'he stretched two men lifeless upon the deck. Then, drawing his sword, he placed himself in front of his men;' but it was evident he would soon be cut down; for what could such a boy-even if he had 'be?n a good swordsman - do .algainst superior strength and numbers? One of his foes made 'a slash at his head, whichwouldforever have laid him low, had'not Lennox, the boat's coxswain, warded off the blow with his own cut lass, at the same time catching hold of our hero and pushing him to the rear in a very unceremonious manner, with the .remark that if he did not keep there he would soon have his head broken. At this moment a terrific rush was made upon thein by the .enemy, and Frank being behind was forced over the taffrail, and went head foremost into the sea. Being a good swimmer, however, that was of little consequence, for he'" easily clambered into the cutter, where he fouund two of the best men dead and several others wounded. The rest were making a determined attempt to boaid again; but the enemy was too strong for them. They had succeeded in partly gaining a footing, and were just givihg a cheer when bang went a twelve pounder, and grape and canister were poured into their midst withdeadly precision. The deck was cleared ofthe British in an instant. The water, which had previously been smooth as glass, was now ruffled by a slight catspaw that had sprung up. Slight as it was, the schooner took advantage of it, and spread her wide mainsail to its utmost tension. At this instant a loud 'hurra!' echoed across the water, and the other two boats were seen rapidly approach ing. One minute would suffice to place them alongside; but the wind was momentarily increasing, and the canvas of the lighter spars began to flap against the masts, then to fill and swell out, and finally the vessel com menced to glide through the water at a good rate. 'Hurrah!' cried Frank, 'stick to her my la ds. She's our own if we can detain her half a minute longer till the boats come uip! follow me.' Saying which he made an attempt to board; but lIe was driven back. Severallarge shots werenow thrown into the boat alongside, one of which stove in a plank; and, at the same moment, the French flag was run up at the vessel's gaff. A minute later she was a hundred yards in advance of the cutter, which was filling with water. Frank saw by the light of the moon the words 'La Rose' painted on the schooner's stern. A soon as they were clear the Frenchmen stood in a body on her quarter, and raised a shout of derision. The captain (apparently) took off his cap and said in the best English, ' Good evening, gentleman. I hope I shall have the pleasure of meeting you again.' t . ' That's the rascal,' cried Frank, " that answered Mr. Duvall's hail-the renegade! Give it them my lads! let fly into them!' * Several shots were now fired from the bow gun of the launch; but, so far as they could see, without; effect. The fire was returned by the schooner, but no- damage was done beyond breaking two oars. The speed of the schooner was every moment increasing; but she was still followed by the boats, the crews of which pulled like mad. Finding, however, after" ten minutes, "that the Frenchman was a' thousand yards ahead, and getting more distant every instant, Mr. Stiff told them to desist, and return to the second cutter-whoso hole was now plugged up-take her in tow, and return to the frigate. The 'Neptune,' as soon as she felt the breeze, started forward at a spank rate, and after picking up the boats, continued thechase. 'The list of killed and wounded .was coifined to the second cutter. 'There were three seamen' ]?killed, and six :wounded. Mr. Duvall was included among the latter. Frank, ivith the ekxception ol a slight cut upon the arm, was. uninjured. The 'first lieutenant did not fail tb make a very favourable report of him to the daptain, who was much pleased at the courage he: had shown. : ,By daylight the schooner was hull down, and, by ten o'clock, quite out of sight. .The.captain was sorry for this, as '" La Rose'" was one of 'the most notorious' French privateers in the Mediterranean. CHlAPTER XXTI. Mr. Bilboes and his cat--The diifner-The purser"and his animal in a fix-His revenge--lMan overboard-- Frank is Smastheaded-Land.ho! - E'RAgr:was always getting into hot ivator with the purser, who was'indeed a true nip-cheese. I really do think he wobuld'have skinned a flint., As for fesling, that be was supposed to have a very small portion of.. There was but one creature on board that he showed tho s\ightest kindness to, or affection for; and ho was not human butfeline. Yes, the only thing that he cared about (excopt his food, which indeed disappeared into the innermost recesses of his stomach with remark able rapidity) was an old tom-cat, that went by the name of 'Teaser.' This cat, with him, had cailed in the Neptune for the last eight years. It was a capital rat killer, which was one of the principal reasons old " skin flint" kept it; for, through it, his stores lasted much longer than they otherwise would have done; and Mr. Bilboes valued it accordingly, and fed it on the tit-bits of the mess. This very much enraged the reefers, who had several times attempted to.destroy the animal;.but every time their pro ject had been defeated, and several of the offenders punished. Well, this cat had a great antipathy to music of any sort. Through this it ultimately came to grief, as did likewise its master. On the last voyage one of the young reefers had taken e flageolet to sea with him, which very much annoyed Teaser, who, whenever the young musical genius began to inflate his lungs and give forth sweet sounde, would be sure to set up his back, run round the berth, and swear in the most frightful manner-for a cat. Mr. Bil boss took the part of his dumb animal, and said the. flageolet and the flageolet player were two complete nuisances to the ship. The reefers, however, having a different opinion, held a council of was, in which it was decided to pitch the cat overboard on the first favour able opportunity. The very next night being dark and gloomy, was selected for the carrying out of this diabolical scheme; but, alas l for the conspirators-conspirators are gene rally found out and punished-at the very moment when one of them had their unfortunate victim by the tail, and was about to lot it glide from between his fingers into the briny deep, Mr. Bilboes caught scent of'what was going forward, and, rushing up to the unlucky reefer (the flageolet nuisance) tobl him if he did not draw the animal back instantly he would have a court martial held on him and indict him for miurder. Of course the cat escaped; but not so the unlucky individual who had been the principal in its capture and attempted assassination. No, he was taken before the captain, who ordered him to remain in the cock-pit for 24. hours. Since that time the reefers were more determined than over to '.cook the cat's goose' on the very first opportunity, even should the whole of them, be put in durance vile for a week afterwards. When I say all, I must except one, whose name was Warder. lie was a staunch ally of Mr. Bilboes, .ithough to the mid shipmen, he mad.o out that he was as eager for the de.' h of the cat- by starvation, strangu; tion, or drowning; he did not care a. uin which-as any of them. Now, Frank, when he came on board, brought his violin with him, because he thought it very probable he would have plenty of time to play it. When he told Harry, the latter eye's twinkled, for he thought there would be some sport with old Bilboes and his cat, and he immediately went on shore 'and also procured a fiddle, and told his brother mids what he had done. They were delighted with the idea of the anticipated fun, and it was settled that the instruments should be care fully hidden till they were out at sea. The day after the chase of the French privateer, the reefers gave what they termed a 'feed,' in their berth; that is, they purchased a quantity of different eatables, such as fresh meat, preserved fish, preserved potatoes, soft tack, several bottles of wine, etc., etc. To this 'feed' the assistant-master, assistaut-surgeon, and other gun-room officers'were invited, includingof course the purser and his cat, the latter of whom was kindly promised the best of everything. The evening arrived, and everybody was very polite, especially the purser, who ate heartily, and gave plenty-as he was desired by the reefers-to his cat. After the food was cleared away, and the wine with which he was remorselessly plied by the mid shipmen, and walnuts were on the table, Fitzcarden (one of the middies) approached the renowned Teaser, and, stroking him, began: ' eally, Mr. Bilboes, how fine the cat does grow. I can't make it out. And he's so sociable, too. Last cruise he was as savage as a young jackal; now he's as gentle as a,lamb. See how he allows me to coax him. Poor pussy! did some of them. tease 'ee, then I' and he took it up and carried it 'o his seat, where it quietly remained upon his knee, never dreaming of mis hiet. :' Yes,' .said Mr. Bilboes, 'he's a very quiet fellow now to what he.used to be; and do you know the reason of it' '. ' No; haven't the slightest idea.' 'It's simply this. On our last voyage, you know, Rogers was always kicking up an infernal row on his flageolet--till I threw it overboard and that made my poor Teaser as thin and ill as possible, didn't it, pussy ? You know whenever he hears the fife even now he gets out of the way of the sound as quickly as possible; but now there's no one to annoy you, is there-" Talk about flageolets making a hor rible shrill noise I I'd rather hear fifty of them at one time than I'd hear two fiddles, played in the manner that Frank and Harry struck up on theirs -even the middies were obliged to put their fingers in their ears to deaden the din. As for Mr. Bilboes he started up from his seat as if shot, made a dash at his oat-which was almost in convulsions and kicking its four legs about as thotigh at the last gaslp- caught it up in his arms, and made a rush for the door, but before he had advanced three paces he was brought up all-standing, and the sudden jerk sent his red lobster-nose butb against an iron stanchion, and very seriously put that organ (the nose--not the stanchion) out of its former shape. He turned furiously round, and let go his cat to make a rush at I-Harry; but as soon as, he quitted his hold of it, the poor animal was dangling midway between the decks by the neck, arounid whibch Fitzoarden had adroitly managed to loop one end of a dog chain, while the other end he had fas tened securely to a beam above with out the purser seeing him, so that the poor brute was truly in a state of sus pended animation. The purser, as d have said, made a dash at Harry; but, seeing that' if he left his cat for an instant, it would inevitably be strangled he took it again in his arms, and begged one of the reefers to unfasten the chain, which he himself vainly en deavoured to do. Frank and Harry redoubled their efforts if possible, and, the result was, that Mr. Bilboes was in almost as bad a state as his cat, which shook and shivered as though its last moments were come, and this was the sweet music to summon it to a better world. As the purser looked imploringly around the berth, vainly calling upon everything and everybody to assist him, a voie-apparently that of the third lieutenant-called out down the hatchway,' Come, all of'you iumble up on deck directly-purser, mates, and all.' Immediately a rush was made for the steps by thelaughing spectators of the purser's agony; and that gentleman and his cat were left the sole occupants of the berth. What could poor Bilboes do. He could not cut his cat down ; and, if he let go, it would be as dead as mutton in less than a minute; so he decided to wait quietly till some one approached. .Btse sides, what should he be wanted on deck for at that time of day? It was a most extraordinary summons. At all events he would wait and see if the order for his presence on deck were repeated. He had not long to wait. 'Purser I purser I You areto come on deck. The captain wants you this instant; this is not the first time you have been called; hurry up ! ' 'Oh my; What shallI do. Abhoy there. t-hip's boy; orderly, come here I' but no one responded to his call. 'I must go and-and leave my poor Tearer to its fate ; but duty calls, and I must obey.' So saying he let the eat from his arms as gently as possible and made for the door, just as, for the third time, he was summoned from abovo. Placing one foot upon the ladder, he turned to look for the last time upon his beloved species of the feline race. It, was dangling convul sively in" mid-air, and was, as he thought, giving his final kick before yielding up the ghost. No! no I he would not leave it thus to perish, and he darted back, and again supponted it. Just then the reefers and the rest of them came down, and having car ried the jok-e. far enough, released the cat, and at the same time Mr. Bilboes, from his disagreeable position. This done, the latter geutleman turned upon them savagely and declared,'he'd noet stay in the ship another hour, would pitch the violins and violin players into the sea, would tell Captain Vernon-' ' Yes, you'd better;' said Harry, 'I, however, advise you not, for he's awfully wild just now that you didn't go on deck when called. If you make any complaint, depend on it he'll precious soon send you to the right about, uat and all;' then, seeing the purser start up, and about to quit the berth, he continued,' It'a too late now so you may as well resume your seat, and let's pass the evening amicably.' , . The purser did resume his seat; but all efforts at conciliation were vain; he would not be pacified, ' no, he'd break both the d -.--d fiddles, and the fiddlers heads;,"and' wouldn't be satisfied fill he had done so; and, if he only knew who it was who had tied his poor cat up- ' here the poor gentleman's feelings gave way, and he tairly sobbed ' ith maudlin sentiment, partly from the effects of the wine he had dtrunk, partly the effects of true affection for Teaser. Ineed senicely say that the calling downthe hatchway, and telling the purser-hlie was wanted by the captain wnas a more ruse, to try if he would :ddesert his cat". 'VYell, ever since that night, the pu:ser hid looked upon'Frank and Harry with aversion and he did every thing in his power to make them un comfortable. - One day the captain se t an invita tion for Franlr, Harry, and two of their brother mids to dine in the cabin, and 'requested that they would bring their violins with them, as Mr. Duvall had said they were both, very good players, particularly Frank. Upon receipt of this invitation, all was bustle and confusion with the four reefers; for of course they wanted to make themselves'as smart as pos sible, and everything was overhauled and thoroughly scrutiniized before each one was satisfied. Harry and Frank busied themselves with their violins, seeing all the strings were sound and resining their bows. When they were quite'prepared Harry put his instru mentinto his chest: ' What's that for?' asked Frank : , Are you not going to take it with you ?' ' No, not now. We shan't be ex pected to play till after dinner, and then it will be time enough to fetch them. If we take them now, the fellows will only get sky-larking with them.' ' Very well; then ale's put mine in your.: chest as well, so that whoever comes for them can get them at once, without having to goto both chests.' '1 his was done, the chest was locked, and the key hung on the nail where was usually kept. They then proceeded. to the captain's cabin. In tihe evening Frank returhed for-. the violins, but he could nowhere find the key of the chest in which they were deposited. He hunted every- where, and made inquiries of every body, but no one knew anything of it ;.. so, after an hour, he returned to the cabin without what he went for. The captain was exceedingly annoyed, and asked him if he had reason to suspect. anybody of having wilfully mislaid the key. Now, our hero certainly did suspect Mr: Bilboes; but he answered in the negative to the captain's ques tion. On returning to the midshipmen's berth about 10 o'clock, Franlk went straight to tne nail where he had shortly before looked in vain for the key of aarry's chest. It hung there, looking innocent anl undisturbed. 'The old sneak I' exclaimed Harry, 'I'll pay him out for this, see if I don't. I've a good mind to tell the captain; only if I did, I suppose he would blab our lark out, so 1 think I had better say nothing about it,' and. prudence got the' better of his first. resolution. When they related how the captain. had been obliged to go without the music through someone taking the key of the chest, the whole gun-room con curred in saying that they ought to' find the offender out, and punish him according to his deserts. The next day a plot was entered into, of a by no means agreeable. nature, so far as the cat-the owner of whom was of course supposed to have been the perpetrator of thelate shabby trick-wai concerned. The following night wa.s ~--fher blus tering, and it was agre,: ,hat the project should be carried into execu tion, spite of whatever Mr. Bilboes might think, say, or do afterwards. When the watch was relieved at midnight Harry and Frank came up ithe hatchway together. The former 'carried something tied up in a bag, which if it had been light enough would have been found to be in a state of continual motion from some inward cause; but no notice was taken of it by anyone. In less than a minute after a splash was heard in the water, and at the same instant the purser rushed on deck, and, after giving one despairing look astern, began to cry out with all his might, 'Man over board I man overboard !' Instantly all was confusion. The first lieutenant ordered the main yard to be hove aback and a boat to be lowered. The purser jumped in and took his seat at the stern. The men shoved off, and rowed in the direction they were ordered by Mr. Bilboes, who was supposed to have seen the acci dent. After about 20 minutes' rowing without seeing any signs of the unfor tunate man, the coxswain said they had better return, as the frigate was nearly out of sight. This the purser did nut assent to, but told them to row a little further, and then, if they saw nothing, let them return to the ship.. Suddenly peering forward in the dark ness, Mr. Bilboes fancied he espied something at a short distance, floating on.the water. 'Give way, men, give way ! I see him.' A. few strokes was sufficient to bring them up to the.-. object of his search. As it was gliding past the boat he made a grab. at it; but, losing his balance, he fell plump into the sea. After a good deal of laughter from the men, who en joyed his ducking amazingly, he was pulled in, grasping something which had the appearance of a bundle of old rags tightly in his hands. • ' We had better go back now:' said the coxswain, 'it ain't no use pulling any more ipn this direction.' The purser, who sat shivering with his load, whatever it was, upon his. knee, replied ' Y-e-s, let us go b-ack: now. The ship was reached, and Mr. Bilboes with much difficulty stood upon the deck, still retaining his pre cious burden. ' Well,' said the first lieutenant,. 'have you seen anything of the re ported'man over-board ?' - 'No your honour: and I'm afraid. he's at Davy Jones' locke~ by thistime, poor fellow!' 'To tell you the truth,' said Mr. Duvall, 'I think it was a:false alarm. We have mustered the men and found. they are all right so far. How many, and who, were in your boat ?' The coxswain told him. 'Very well; hoist the boat in. We have our full complement.' Then,. seeing Mr. iilboes going down the hatchway with what he had brought; on board, he asked the coxswain what it was. ' It's his precious cat,' cried out one of the reefers, 'which fell overboard, Mr. Bilboes knew if he cried ' cat over board,' it would be no use, so he :used .a little ruse and cried 'man over board.' 'Who was that?' ,exclaimed Mr.. Duvall sharply. No reply. 'Very disgraceful in the first place for anyone to throw his animal over board --for such I am sure was the case-but it is much more disgracefufl of Mr. Bilboes to put the ship in a con fusion like this, and have a boat out. to save a cat! Iperceive that the cap tain has returned to his cabin, and& consequently not heard of this dis graceful affair; but I shall make it my business to report all the parti culars to him in the morning;' andhe did so. Captain Vernon had the pur ser called into the cabin, when the latter gentleman swore hard and fast that be had not called 'man over board' but 'cat overboard.' When asked how he knew it to be in the sea, he said, that, from information he had received, &c.;, he was induced to watch,. when he saw Frank and Harry-the~ °'I latter carrying a bag which he knew from the aforesaid information to con tain his cat-followed by several other mids, came cautiously on deck, and, almost immediately afterwards-- be fore he was aware of it - he heard a splash, which he rightly concluded was his beloved Teaser having a cold bath against its will. Then it was that he had, in a moment of frenzy, called out Scat overboard,' little thinking that any notice would be taken of it. The captain, although he did not believe this story, let him off, simply telling him he hoped the ducking he had got would be a sufficient ,warning for the future not to have the ship hove aback for such a trifle, should his oat ever have the misfortune to get into the sea. He was, however,-although he did not let IMr. Bilboes know it - rather pleased than otherwise at the love shown to the cat by its master; and in the course of the. afternoon he sent to inquire after the health of the former. The reply was, that it was getting on as well as could be expected after its recent immersion. As may be supposed, the cruel middies were only the more deter mined to make away'with his life, and the more difficult the job became, the more eager were they to accomplish their wicked purpose. In the afternoon, Frank and Harry were sent for to the cabin, when the captain severely reprimanded" them for their attempt to destroy the life of a poor inoffensive cat. Iu vain they tried to prove that, to them, it was far fiom inoffensive; he very rightly would not listen to them ; but sent them to the fore and imain mastheads respectively, with instructions to re main there for three hours. The day was exceedingly fine, and Frank, putting his ' Horace' into his pocket, went up and remained at his (what should be) ignominious station for an hour 'or so without interruntion. 'Frank !' came from the fore-mast head, at the end of that time. ' What is it?' ' What do you make that out-there, just on the lee-bow ?' ' Well it certainly looks like land.' 'Yes,' returned Harry, ' and so it is. Land-ho! land-ho!' he yelled. ' Where-away?' ' Two points on the lee bow.' ' Very well. Mr. Stiff, go up with your glass and see what you can make it out.' 'Mr. Calvary and Mr. Gildred ?' hailed the first lieutenant. ' Sir ?' 'The captain says you can come down.' Of course they must do so, although Frank would much rather 'have re tained his station in peace and quiet ness an hour or two longer. The fact is, mast- heading is a more mockery, *and is rather looked upon as a. treat 'by the thoughtless middies, than as a punishment, especially when the 'weather is fine. *Mr. Stiff reported land on 'the lee 'bow, and their course was slightly -altered and' shaped towards it. By "the captain's observation it was some where near what I shall call the town -of Appido Buono, on the Spanish 'Coast. 'Do we bring to an anchor off here?' *asked Mr. Duvall of the captain. ' Yes : I have dispatches to take on ushore if this be Appido Buono; and I think it is. Yes, we bring to anchor off here,' continued be, after gazing Steadilv through the glass. ' I can see the ' Tall Pillar.' In an hour, the land was seen from the deck with the naked eye, and in the course of the evening the noble frigate came to an anchorin the bay in which Appido Buono is situated. The captain's barge was lowered, and the side boys took their stations at the gangway. The captain and first lieutenant entered the boat, which, at a, signal from the former, was pulled fin fine style towards the land, over iwhiveh the shades of evening were now ;gatheirh d. (To be coti,,ueo.) 