AGTA POPULI. By the Flaneur. ' And, indoor!, as you have already been told, it is a very silly fancy to be asbamed to bear ono bray ; for I remember wben I was a boy, I could bray as otten as I listed, and nobody went about to hinder me ; and I could do it so rarely, and to the life, without vanity be it spoken, that all the other asses in our town would fall a-braying when they heard me.' — Sancho Panza in Don Quixote. This is a great and eventful epoch in the world's existence. To-day, Bismarck rages, Lord Derby smiles, and the Gladstone Government ' stars a new life ' as the billiardists say, and starts the game de novo. The combined efforts of those mighty Gigantes of the political world, Messrs. Abigail, Neild, and Walker, have failed to upend Britain's supremacy in the Southern Seas ; wis dom, personified by this great triumvirate, still screams unheeded in our streets, and as a natural sequence, ruin and chaos must assuredly follow. The noble ' Bolony ' sausage has fallen a ha'penny in the lb. ; the odoriferous Limberger cheese is no longer found on the tables of our First Families ; a German bandsman has turned up his nose with contempt at a pint of lager beer, and all because Australia (which of course means N. S. Wales) has refused to follow the Gigantes' lead and dance on the British Lion's tail. These be parlous times indeed, and the people's blind stupidity is, as that ' man of ginger-beer and brass,' Mr. Abigail, would say, ' enough to make a fellow pawn every s bitch of his Blue Ribbon regalia and take to drink.' Woe is upon the land, and we can never hope to ' gee ' again. From. the days of the Tower of Babel down ib would be impossible to point to a greater fiasco than the recent Annexation meeting held in our historical Town Hall. And yet the subject of this nieeting was of vital importance to us all, for it is now placed beyond doubt; that the . toothless old Lion has .cowardly sacrificed p.ur interests to save liis own hide from the claws of the German Eagle. A baser .piece of duplicity, than the conduct o Earl Granville cannot be conceived, and a fai1' sarirple of : the results to follow may be found in the fact, that ' a gentleman whose business ' occupies; . half, if.; not the whole, of the island of; New Britain has gone to America for the purpose of becoming a natural ized citizen of tiie. States, .because, as he rightly argues, by so doing1 he has' a far better chance of 1 having his rights protected than if he was under the: traitorous 'shield of what is now justly termed ' perfidious Albion.' This was not the cause which led to our recent meeting's failure, but the plain fact is the - people were determined to show the bumptious, brainless^ nobodies who undertook to convene the assembly that although all the other masses in the city might fall abraying when the .three champion bray ers began, still the sensible portion of the public would very properly decline to' do aught but ridicule their actions. Nearly 400 years ago my Lord of Verulam wrote — 'Men have got a fashion now-a- days that two or three busy-bodies will take upon them the name of the world, and broach their own conceits, as if it were a general opinion.' And what was true of Bacon's time is equally true of ours. Wednesday's fizzle was simplya meeting called together by nobodies ?who seemed to have no definite plan of action prepared, arid to know nothing whatever of the great question they proposed to tackle. From' the Alpha to the Omega of the promoters of this wretched ' frost ' there was not the name of a single man who possessed enough influence to even get himself kicked by a decent mule, and in point of fact the whole caboodle of them can be safely classed amongst those heaven-born seers who, although they can perch in the back parlour of a pub, and run the morals and politics of the whole world with the most perfect ease and pre cision, would still find it impossible to get the landlord to trust them for another pint of ' tanglefoot' to save their lives. Ancient Rome was onee saved by geese, but our experience is that the birds won't anser in a climate as sultry as our own.' ; : ^. ?;..-??;. ?.:'??????.:???.? ?? .,;??.;! -^- ??.* Something like 2,000 -persons rolled up to hear the champions bray, and it was evident from the start that the majority of the audience were people on, whom the tomfoolery and Christy Minstrel antics of the Salvation Army maniacs had grown monotonous, and who, therefore, sought the next cheap amusement of a somewhat similar nature at which they could pass an hour or two away. Long before the all-eventful night arrived the original propositions drawn up by the conspirator chief a had been so mauled and mangled that they wavo improved boyond all recognition. Every npeaker ' felt fully competent to run the whole concern -. himself, and if the Grand Old Man could have ? seen the fierce, determined attitude of some of his. Cabinet's denunciators as they struck the floor and hurled deliancc at the world, he would have certainly fallen over his half -acre shirt collar and cracked his neck from sheer fright and conster-i nation. Mr. J. C. Neild was the first to toe the scratch, and he triumphantly declared that he was proud to say ' neither a Dalley, nor a Dibbs had been able to prevent the patriotic citizens of Sydney (roars of laughter) from calling that meet^ ing or preventing them either from inviting him to move the first resolution.' Herein, the irre-* pressible Neild struck the keynote to which himself and all the other orators had tuned their pitch. No matter how the Annexation business fared, each one was fully determined to let the whole world know that he was the man to whom the credit of the mighty meeting movement should, be given. After Mr. Neild had, as usual, said very little in a great many words, another ruling spirit of the storm in the person of the only Abigail arose and modestly observed that he was the 'patriotic citizens' all rolled into one alluded, to by the former speaker as having conceived the colossal idea of arousing the British Lion to a sense of his degradation by putting' a flea, in the shape the present meeting, into his slumbering ear, This seemed to exhaust the whole of the doughty Francis's wondrous eloquence, and so after de* daring that the people of this colony did not share in the craven spirit of the Government, and that he himself was ready to fight George Richard Dibbs in a cask for ,£50, man and money to be found at Alderman Young's hotel any hour after 11 p.m., Francis slipped down in his seat with a sickening thud, and his ignoble career, for that night at least, was ended. Mr. Will Swinney next arose and had barely time to declare that he used to hold the eandle in a cellar for the late Mr, ? Orsini while that inventive foreigner used to make his bombs, when the vox populi in front yelled 'That' ill do Swinney; go out and get a; drink,' and the distinguished William at once skipped off, and, I presume, acted on the only - sensible proposition made that evening. Mr. Trance-medium Walker, of impromptu, well readied-up-lecture fame, next faced the gay assembly, but although good- tempered, and bent on fun as the people were, they refused to submit ? to the indignity of listening to him, and so the doxighty Dawvid Buchanan strode forth, and with his usual becoming modesty announced that it was his intention to now start a totally different meet- . ing altogether, a meeting of which he alone would be Chairman, committee, speaker, and if necessary, ? the audience also. He was the noblest patriot of them all. All the conspirators, save he, did that they did in envy of the great Derby ; he, only, in a general, honest thought, and common good to ; all, made one of them. He would ask them now, Scots wha hae wi' Wallace bled, and he would tell them that it was because England in her blind folly had chosen to be led by a ring-barking old nonentity called Gladstone, instead of a man of giant mind and powerful brain like the only Aus tralian orator, the Hon. D. Buchanan. When Dawvid would have ended it is difficult to say, but luckily for the Town Hall foundations, he was promptly proclaimed a traitor by the Chairman, and as if this were quite a new role even for the versatile Mudgee junior, he retired to stuly up the character. After this, the climax was reached by the mummy of the late Sir 'Enry Parkes being unswathed and galvanized into life for positively this occasion only. If anything was wanting to crown the absurdity of the night's farce it was this resuscitation of the poor defunct old ex-Premier. In his appearance, he looked like the ghost of Hamlet's pa with a bad attack of the stomachache on him, and as a speaker he turned out to be a veritable Balaam with quite a herd of asses round him, for instead of denouncing the Germans as a lot of unscrupulous, plundering buccaneers as he was intended to do, he assumed a Chadband like attitude, and, amidst shouts of ' Hallelujah,' ' War Cry,' ' I'm saved,' &c;, he blessed Bis mark and prayed that ' God might bless Germany and her influence on the world.' Then the body was taken out, screwed down in its shell, and consigned once more to its former dark oblivion. R.I.P. — Those whom the gods love die young. Amongst the small fry or emergency men who chipped in a word or two during the performance of this burlesque was General MMver^ the hero of fourteen hundred flags, and he declared that it was part of BismarckVpolioy to annex not only the whole of this world but the greater part of the next world ako. 1'Jn passant, I may here remark that Pastor Allen has discovered a new key to the 9th chapter of Revelations, dind is fully confident that he will soon be able to prove to the 'satisfaction of all — bar one — -that Bismarck is n6y other than the Antichrist, whose coming was foretold of old. This seems to fit into the Gen eral's opinion of the man of blood and iron and lager beer, also, and persons who take any interest in ;the great Abaddon, would do well to call in their carriage, or send 12 postage stamps to the worthy Daniel without delay. Anyway, Bizzy is ; a bad am beyond all doubt. ([Copyright of that. ; pun secured]. ' . It is quite possible to go barking, up the /wrong tree, however, and to make a mistake over this Abaddon business as great as that which a warrior friend of General M'lver's recently made an connection with another distinguished patriot. A promiscuous crowd of that vague, mysterious, innumerable caravan called 'the boys,' were re cently 'damping the enemy,' at one of pur boss. hotels, and amongst the;crow.d,'was,the sturdy, old Darling* pioneer, Louth Mattihewsjw&p;, was -telling Borne friends about a horse he, sold to a brother, of Osman Digna's [wliois.asquatijeritipBourke way- and has a valuable station consisting of acqekatop fence and a sorereyed .sheep 7 dog],; and ;whichr Jiorse used to shew tobacco - ait&v.; hatch ) eggs, when..- a stranger appeared^ on;', the. scene,; and . was introduced ? . , as : - ., , a ?, ; slight ?; -., rela tion ,of . the immortal Dan iO'Gonnell./' c-5;That; was a great and . glorious ;. mail,'*!;; said :pne: of the boys, as he blew ,the1:froth : off .hisi ?colonial nectar. ' Yes/', -{{shipped din.' General; MTver's friend, who, by, the way,, was. 'riot in- this' crowd at all — ' yes, and;heiwas.the,man:the.:lrish men betrayed.' ' You're ? afiblanky. blank/' roared the man from the ?; Darling-,; to.theiriterise. surprise of the obtruder; i W;ho ;hadj-never 'before heard anything of the; kind stronger, than fla gr.oss^ pcrvorter of the truth.';;.. Instantly,. ithe-hoai'se.: roar of war was heard araund,v and; above alii the din the warrior's, voice was ..heard, calling ;.-f6r..;-5.f-a( sword, a sword, my kingdom for. a sword;';: -Step^ out in the yard, and peel . .off' your 'clothes/'' shouted O'Connell's champion; ^and»- wheri-'youJ see a thick-set young fellow; in1 the -full 'vigour- of' manhood's early morn, you'll know that- that's'old' Matthews from Louth, and^he'll:put:a'jm6s1sfa;ggit'' on your craven brow, and' 'a 'blue plush watch pocket under your eye, insidebf 30 seconds.' ?:-f -All ; h. — 1 shall stir for this,' yelled' 'the 'iiero^ of -the tented field, as he endeavoured 'to tear the bar' lip' by- the roots,, and run a-niuck : through' all before, liim. 'Let that animated injustice to Ireland go,' thundered the 'Wuttagooiia chief/ 'a^ I'll ! neither kick him, nor thump him,:'but'.t'il^reak liis heart with falls. Whirralooo'!. Stand, back' till I put the grip of Finn M'Coohl. upon, him.'' Luckily for us all, however— and'Me soldier, toy in particular — peace was' 'at length ' restored,' the fire-eater subsequently apologized for' liis rash ?in- trusion, Matthews tol-d''the^lbarmaid she 'was'the 'breaking's of his heartland, to ' set/em tip-again}'? and then Dan's memory was.rdr.unk-.rwith' a; viinby,-; all, and so ended the ? bloody .battle; of] the Metro politan. . ,?.-..;;-. ,?,../?,'/ :?;;([:, -K] -.i'J.S V, ?iiii.r: Talking- of Dan O'Cbririeir1 leads ''me oir'to0 another worthy manj: our6frieridE Sign'or'TimotHy ' Fogarty, who so smartly -rubs ^the!r' brtftalj^Base/ and bloody Sassenach ' up the -wrong' way -inr the' cohunns of this journal.' Speaking of iny recent Anniversary Day epistle, Timothy sonds' al-i»ng af good tale told in Collins's History1 of New, South' Wales, September 1796, and to which he wuld' like to draw the attention of the Most Revs; the' Sydney Morningi Herald1 and Zachary ' Barry ;! but being sensible of his own sinful unwbrthiriess/ lie hesitates about addressing ^these - religious^ luminaries personally, and begs 'inec-to- 'state: the' case for him. This I do with pleasure; and 'the' little item runs as follows — :' '?' ;-v/-:-ir ;-;y.;- hiOm 'ui'. ? ? . ' fi-^i mm v-;: !-:???? ?',?'?';'''-, 'At the time when we' were visited by .the Spanish ships, Mr. Johnston1 JpreacheoV wiiereve'r he could find a shady 'spot. t! 'The' 'priest ;b!e' longing to the Commodore's i-shipj - observing* that we had not any church built; lifted 'up -his' eyes with astonishment, and :deolarecli.. that r had, the place been settled' by liis nation, /a, house for' God would have been : ?' erected before } any hbrise' foreman;'':' '' ./?' .-?:r^' :iiH '.-?-???:??? -??.{[?:? .:??. \::;u-u-v.-^ That Happened about 95 years &go;/but ;tlie! cliii- * ' dreri?of-4fthiE i generation' are' a i ;deal wiser ' How— : don't ydu-'findi^sb-^ '? ' ° Mo j'nnuHh '0O\j nt.fl'3 JO t-oi:;i',:!';.-.-?.ss:;.S'i /:il:. ??-.! Here's another 4ona,ted iteni^whlohrcomesfrom an'^'apparently .^^ himself' 'A Victim!'. ^ ',!'Mtie ' ^ne'.isjaidi^that, romantic spot at the 'corner' of Abercrombie .and Parram'atta-streets, which' the Rev. ' Mr! Barnier declares is second to Niagara only ?in.point of /supr liinity, Killarney's Lakes in point of '^eauty, and the field of Marathon in the way of historic re-, collections. A gentleman, , wearing an aspect which inclines to sorrow more than anger, -walks past; St.1 Benedict's Church', and'a'dilapi'd'ated'oid'1 deadbeat approaching, asks— ''Will you Vplease teH'ihe what is going on. inside, tha^ have jiist come out of ?'';'' 'iCertainly/' replies the, sorrowful-looking gent, ?' they, are holding' Father O'Brien's great ; Irish Fair in there.' ' Indeed,' moaned; the other— 'well, it's ? sorry enough I am to hear it/'; ;-,' Why, what on earth: has. it got to do with,. you?' asked the. swell, ''Nothing much,'; murmured the seedy party, ' only I was going to ask you, to give me the price of a bed, but at, youJvenbeen to the i Irish Fair I. know yoxi'll haye1hard;.wjork,,npw ;tp ,, raise that much for yourself. , Tye, s^en ,,|?etter ;days,,j and' I know how the ladies fleecei(a man with, money in them churoh bazaars. ,. Gpodf night,. sir.,, We.may meet ( again— at the : .Spup.Kitchen.' -.,:*'. Victim' is probably one of tlipse libgralririinded men who; risk a shilling on- adpttery dip, and. ,then feel' fit to kick a hole clean through the. globe itself .if they; don't pull put a drawiuig-i'OQmsuitOjMpriOne.of Stewart D,awsonand Co.'s,30 guinpa chrpnpgraiihs. ?, However, ;it's satisfaQtpry tp^jknow.jbhat, the Jriah Fair has turned out' be^what it weil deserved-7-a glorious success ;] and now ' Victim' may as well save up his dumj-s to patronise. Father Fitzpat rick's Shakesperian shivoo at Newtown. Apropos of Dan O'Connors pets- the Ladies, I have a word or two of warning to say to-day touching that mysterious portion of the feminine attire which is somewhat conf usihgly known as the ' bird cage,' the ' coachniatfs1 seat/' the' ' dress improve!*/' and the - vulgar ' bustle.'' First of all, it' is just about1 time ' our; fair friends' ; gave this wobbling piece of vanity a rest, as it is a's bid-almost' as Methusalem's maiden' aunti! :'1' tri ? ;orie of the plays of the ' Gre'ek'pbet' Aiekis,' who ^flourished 'over 2000' .'years ago;''ono' rof the characters' dec-lares that ''wheha girl is too lean, ' ?they hoop her round with a bustle -'-^cririo-' ;line.:;'::would'.' rperh'aps ^r:::be': 'the- ^betterir^wdrd' :Bustles are ofr various^sizes and-;? complexions. ^First of all', 'there' is the limp,* irresolute ffcfustle ; then c'olries'^' the soft, aesthetic '?bustle 5 then the'! weak^kneedi home-made, lop sided article, which never. points to the same part of the compass^ for five consecutive secpnda;. and, ithen,',, aa.-/a''Melboiu'ne:M .there ;is';':',the rproud|, 'uncpniprQmisiiig,;, : bustley,' which bulges; out into; a gigantic and suddeniprb-1 niiriencein alirie'with the i hips, which keeps. time,, ?to theoweaVer'sj:-mb'ti6ni' when walking, with a Jshort, quick,- haughty, ? and -not altogether un grace'fuly bob. . The sort of bustle^. in brief, which; defiantly says ,* -I am fnot ;to : -bev sat- .upon— arid;' 'don't you forget it.' '.Too much opprobrium cannot ^ bje heaped' ori; the homermadeidufferj ;and tliis',' by-: tiieowayi -.- reminds; me ;; of; the:1 followittg in-i ?feres fcirig^ , little ipiece ;of . f r dialogue ? ;: , recently , bverheard.;- - iThe ;, accomplished .Miss. .Fanny; ?^ussanfether .? was;: ..on.,,' a revisit r^tO;, a. lady friend the,pther'dayi; and .;having Ldiscussed; the, 'weather and the, variola, and what ra pity Hanlan's a' married-nian,:&c.;, Fanny, observed, ';It,niust,be- awful nice; to have a - newspaper , man ? for -a rhus-: band.' ..,'Why so?' inquired her friend. ' Oh, ., because they always bring home; a pile of .exchanger papers,) arid; ithen one .has -no trpuble ;Whatever. about fixing ?up..her ;bustle.''; kAs, a fews.; Pf . the Fkebbian staff are still in astute of blessed bachelor- ? hpod-;oui: single; lady .readers might stick a pinin. that-lbt andVkeep it^by them; until:the' next Leap ..Year season rolls foundi ? Or; better Stilly invest in a 6d- valentine.'5 Many a good liusband ! has i been' i hookedatlessexperis'ev'-.1 . i.u^ucS'A .?«1?.; '. : -?' ???: { My ^'principal object iii catbhing bri to this in teresting theme to-day /however, is to strengthen' ;;the' arguments, of our dr^ss-reformers by telling 'the fallowing truthfuj little tale:', Alad'y. 'lodger 'resifiirig. in7a certain hotel was recently 'accused .by '!'the,: randlprd'1pf ste'alirig ar hand'souie/ little! parlour elbekj and in the ' most indignant' mariner she invited ' hini 'to , bring! in a ' couple . 'of bold geridariries arid' search^ her boxes; from top ' to bbtifpiri;,1 This was carefully done,' but rip trace of 'the 'inissirig' tihifepi'ece' ! could be' found.' [.' It' was' then .the' 'injured .lady's turn to threaten, and the landlord was down on' his knees begging her, to accept his'abject' apology, arid a, cheque for ''£5Q\ as cpmpensatipri,'',when-^hbrfible to. relate-^-frbm' ' the iady 's ' improver'.' .the .clock '., prbclaimed it8 'presence by striMng the, hotir of 12 in tones ,loud -enough to Vake even a Cabinet, Minister when a '.stonewell Pppositionist} isr speaking '..^at .4 ; a.m. Bustle^ '.Viriaj;'. ' ha^e,;,|jieir . v uses, ,')-ut \ ..they ..;- hayje, their abuses also,, and this. I. submit ia ,pne...of , tliem. , ' ' '', ? . ? .. - .(?.-. ?- , ...... , , ;-. ;, ?i ; (n!:!vf';si;::;-;:;.i'-:: i; .- v!.^ k .. :v:- ',.???.' ,'fj;!, :??.- i ,, INpw that, the Hanlan-Cliffordtussleis over, it. is a base.of Whatrdid-I-alw'avs-tell-youi with most. of: ,thei aquatic: wiseacres in .'this city ; land beybndall ;doubt|, the.majority of .us: know. .a great deal more -about :a: race rafter' it is run than we do wheri the : match1, is' ? first? ;ma;de. ; rTbtwithstanding ' thisj I ! venture1 to say 'that Clifford 5has never jet ' done anything -to' -justify' theib'elief 'that'-h'e coiild hold' )Ms ' own ? with- such ' a thorbugli' master 'of his busi ness1 'as5 Harilft'ri -is.1 : ;Eribwledge is- power, beyond a jdoubt/ arid ? Hanlan's visit : blight :t6 bperi: our! eyes to tHe fact'that'riiiiscTe withoiit 'brains is like ,a jship-' without1 'a ''sldpper,'!or: a libr'se.' without a rider J $.?; Of course I do riot niean to say ! Clifford is brainlessi but1 he] lacks the '.experienced' head' of .Hanlan'; and ?., considering ;liow.yburig.tthe ,Daptp .man; is at the !business, it is safe to say Jthat' lie .will-soon be ;, one of- the leading scullers of [the.. ,world-r-and. /that's a larger place than: the whble- of i thelllawarra :districti,piit.lr.together. ?'A- few weeks ago, I 'described the immense advantage^'toL be^ .gained {from -getting a^ good, start ;in,a horse raise,,, and. .as. I thave,' beenr.ithere myself,' as. the, saying i is, »;my:,j}em.arks were? w.prth .consideration.. It! now appears that';Hanlan attaches the, same; importance, -to . the start of ja : boat [ race. - i Nothirig ? strange.in that, for eyen, in .the rape of; j life, noi matter how you' take it, 'a good} start; or j 'i first blopd,' is half (the battle. - At r.the '. isalne ytiriie -? however, remember, that the. man ?whP'leaves^th'e: post, first is not the .one; who gets vfche best ,'staijt; ?.. The man who gets away with the most advantage is the man who has his horse, or his boat, or him self, at: their fullest , tension, 'or, rather in: their; fair striding powers, when the signal ; to go ; is given, for what is gained. in a fluttering: 'sort of; start is. completely lost in afterwards endeavour ingito settle down to (Steady work. , -That the re cent race was fairly lost and won i goes beyond ?; ? a doubt }., nevertheless,' I am: much: mistaken :if. the .Canuck ,;, does riot- finish; a trifle behind .Beaohjl Whether he does or not, however, New South Wales can still boast of being the only spot in the World that can prodxice athletes in any dea partment of sport worthy of meeting the picked men of the world, and considering the baby na tion that we are, this is something to be proud of. The pity of it is that some slight inducement is ?not : held out : to our youth to ? excel in more ennobling and intellectual stxidies, for— . ? ? ! ?' '-Thatiiatioiit'lii-ivGH;Vir]iisf6'learuingi'itles, ?'-''? '?'' I \ '?:.-. .^t ajrace of athletes ie a;riw!p of,fools.''i i,;;.,n ;j; ,Diciwiv-$api-sat::e$ti\J 'vSi. T:i isjii :-;3ii'L--.c\ v-U 