THE Z1C ZAG TELEGRAPH. ?:- — — ♦— — A TALE OF A MIND DISEASED. BxiaoxBG. Thokpson. Fob neariy*nineteen years I have been waiting for some one to write the history of this line ; but during all tins time no aoooout ot its origin, or the manner in which it performed its work, has been published; and, so far as I oan team, no hint even of its existence has appeared in print. Can it be possible that I -was sole promietor and operator, and my weary messages alone went ereeping over the wires; that its iaithfal, patient services were riven to me only ? If so, upon me clearly devolves the task of writing its history. And ret, to own the truth, this task is not an easy one. The Zig Zag was each an anomaly among telegraphs, such a bizarre affair alto gether, that it sets at defiance all ordinary methods of description. It wsb behind. the times; it was slow with its messages; it oarriod them a long way around, and stopped with them in unexpected places; there was an air of mistiness about it that made me sometimes suspect that it was only the ghost of a telegraph— the phantom, perhaps, of some uncompleted, earry invention left an orphan by the death of|the inventor. But etay — I must be more explicit. This telegraph was not oomposed of solid material substanoe ; it did not consist of actual posts ind wires. It was a phenomenon of an ex aeptional condition of body or mind, a phase sf mental action in a given direction, a system of exploration in the realms of memory, a— well, I will admit it at onoe, a lometldng that I never quite understood ; a problem, the solution of which I have many times almost reached, but whioh has always eluded me by dodging around nnexpected sornerg and disappearing when I thought I had ioroed it into amide eae. I will there fore make public my experience with this line, and transfer to others the solution of the problem ; and, as the condition of body and mind was doubtless a factor neeeasary to the solution, I will make known this condition by briefly telling a small portion of my lifc'B history. On the 6th of March, a.d. 1865, with other paroled prisoners, I crossed Broad Biver, twelve miles from Wilmington, N.O., and stood onoe more, with bared head and thank ful heart, beneath the flag of our country. The emotions awakenod by the sight of thiB emblem of all we held dear, I shall not venture ts deBoribe. I should blush to bring the poor tribute of words to the flag sanctified by bap tism in the tears of our tenderest and the blood of our bravest. For more than ten months I had been a prisoner at Anderson ville and Florence. In this article I ehall make no attempt to portray the honors of Andersonville. The evidenoe under seal fur nished by those thirteen thousand graves needs no conoboration by parole testimony. When the storm has passed, the wrecks on the beach are surer recerds of the force of the tempest than all the figures at the signal stations. I had fought the battle for life for more than ten months in those priBon pens, and I was consoious that I had fought it well. I had lost ground daily, it is true, but I had contested it by foot by foot and inch by inob. My resistance had been steady, unfaltering, systematic At the time I was paroled I was Buffering from scurvy and general debility, and had also endured most of the minor sick nesses of the camp; but thus far I had eacaped those fearful fevers that had wrecked so many of my companions. Shortly after I reached Wilmington a strange dullness took possession of me. My mind refused to aot with its accustomed vigor. Owing to the ravenous appetites of some of the men, orders had been given to issue extra rations to all who required them ; and, al though the regular daily ration was more than sufficient for me, I fell into the line with the others and drew the extra. This I took to my tent-mate, for safekeeping, and again fell in and repeated the process, over and over, as long as the drawing lasted. About thiB time, too, racking pains assailed me, and I longed inexpressibly for home. Then the Teasel came to take us to Annapolis, and we struggled, and pushed, and jostled each other, in our eagerness to get on board ; and at last I was fortunate enough to get tumbled on to the deck just as the captain announced that be had a load, and could take no more. My recollections ot the voyage are confused. I remember being rolled about, and crowded, and lain on by other passengers. I also re member staggering up to draw rations, al though I oould not eat. Then I was helped off the vessel, and some one took me by the arm and led me away. .Then we stopped, and and a voioe said, ' Wasn him.' And then — blankness. How long the blank lasted I do not know. When my consciousness returned I was in a clean bed with white sheets. A light burned in the room, but I saw no one. I closed my eyes, and waa lost again. - When I awoke it was broad day, and a young man, dressed in a fresh suit of army blue, was standing by the bed-side. He expressed no surprise as his glance met mine. I lifted my right hand, and was astonished at the effort so slight an action required. I gazed at the skeleton fingers, and vaguely wondered where I had been while that band was growing so thin. I said, ' What's the matter ? ' He said, ' You have had the fever. You're all right now. Don't talk.' His voice was low and even : it expressed no sympathy, no anxiety; he moved away, and I slept again. My recovery was rapid. The hoBpital surgeon visited me at intervals; be asked me no questions; he merely looked at me and passed on. I had a ravenonB appetite, and, with the regularity of clockwork, a tray was placed before me on whioh was a cup of tea and a delicate piece of toast orowned with poached egg. As I gazed at this dainty repast, 1 thought it a meal fit for a god— that is, for a very small god. After a few days the pyramid on the plate was increased in altitude by the inser tion of another slice of toast nnder the ovari ous crown, and flanked by a bottle of porter. Next came the order for admission to the full diet table, and Boon after the certificate en titling me to a furlough. During all this period of convalescence I was conscious of no derangement of the mind's action. My main interest in life centred in the present, or reached forward to the future; but still memories of the past, mostly of hope and early life, came to me naturally. I had, however, made no attempt to recall past events, as the admirable system of unquestioning treatment practised at St. Mary's College Green Hospital had sug gested no such effort ; and it was only when called npon to answer questions, at the time I applied for a farlongh, that I disooverei the singular pnase ot mental aberration which forms the snbjeot oi this narrative. I have said that my recovery was rapid ; perhaps ought to add that as I threw off the fever I began to suffer with a difficulty in my feet, probably scurvy— a difficulty that increased daily, uctiL each foot felt like an immense bruise. But as this disease did not trouble me seriously while I was in the hospital, I did not mention the matter to any one, fearing that to do so wonld delay my departure for home. This brief portion of personal history is, I believe, all that is necessary to pnt the publio in possession of facts that 'have any bearing on the problem under discussion. And now I come to the most difficult part of my task, the portrayal on paper of this abnormal action of the mind; and in order successfully to do this, I must describe the normal action in the same direction in such a way that it will be dearly recognised by all, and yet in such a way as will enable the reader to comprehend the abnormal. Hold I I have it 1 I will materialise this aotion ; and if the materialisation lacks an arm, or even a leg to stand on— as is not un usually the case— if it but serve my purpose before vanishing hi thin ate, I shall be con tent. I will represent memory as a network ot telegraph wires, the main line connecting the mind with the beginning of conscious exutenoe, and side wires connecting this line with each event, each incident, each thought, of past life. When the mind is unimpaired, Md the lines an in perfect working older, Information can be obtained inBtantly from any of the ontlying stations. The question is flashed over the wires, and the answer is re turned, and theoombined messages constitute a thought. In many instances, however, no perceptible action of the mind is required, and fte mind is unquestioning and at rest ; snd yet, from the various depots in which our experiences of the past are stored, the messages Dome trooping in, and we oall them memoriet. These are phases of the normal action of the intelleot and the undisturbed working of the lines. But I am also familiar with many phases of abnormal action, and various phases of wreck in the lines of com munication : First, the poor wretch with the wire ell down behind him, and the past a blank. Second, wherethemain line isoutatagiven point in the past. Back to this point the communications are perfeot and tho side lines complete, but beyond— nothingness. Third, where the main line is complete and the side lines are in order sear the farther end, but mostly broken or impaired from childhood to the present. This is a common aase. The gray-haired man prattles of the scenes of his yonth, but doeB not recall the events of his manhood. Every word of the prayer his mother taught him is familiar, but he cannot remember a sentence ol the speech that made him famous ten years ago. He does not recognise an acquaintance of yester day, but the faces of the friends ot his boy hood stand oat clear and dislinot. I need n&t; partioularise further; every one is familiar with the gaps in sections, where the storms of life have beaten down the side lines, and with the downfall of individual wires. Neither will it be worth while to oall attention to the Blight derangement of a particular wire that does not respond as promptly as we wish, but leaves our question unanswered, while the operator at the other terminus apparently takes a short nap, and we scratch our heads in vexation. My objeit in writing this ar ticle is to describe this well-known system of communication only so far as may bo neaea sary to explain the working of the other line, which no one but myself appears to have used ; and as I made use of both, I will designate the former as the Direot line, and the latter as the Zig Zag. The Direot line was always at my servioe oneway — it would bring messages, but could not be relied on to carry them ; it would transmit one, and refuse the next in what I then thought a most captious manner ; and some times it would apparently grow sulky and re fuse them altogether. But the patient Zig Zag was not oaptioua ; it did not sulk when called upon to do the work refused by its rival; it went steadily, ploddingly, at its task, and never rested till its work was done. These two lines were distinot in almost every respect, and in order to make the distinction plain I will desoribe as concisely as possible the peculiarities of the Zig Zag. First, it never took a despatch straight to its destination, but went zigzagging through the past, making short flights from point to point, and sending back messages from every station. These messages were dim pictures of familiar scenes, that approached slowly and grew plainer nntil they reached a certain uniform point' of distinctness, when they vanished instantly. Seoond, tboeo return messages never con tained the information I was seeking, and some of them appeared to have no possible connection with it ; and yet I was conscious that oach of these dissolving views, brought me nearer the object of my search. Third, no communication came back over the Zig Zag from the station where it finally delivered my despatch, but instead theanswer came flashing over the Direct Line. This was tbe most perplexing part of the whole trans action; for, although assured that each re turning message by the Zig Zag brought me one station nearer the station containing the objeot sought, I never knew how many still intervened, and the answer by tho Direct Line invariably caught me puzzling over tbe last message by tbe Zig Zag, and gave mo a little shock, like that experienced by a person when another jumps out suddenly behind him and cries, ' Boo.' Fourth, the number of stations stopped tt varied, and this variation appeared to have no relation with the remoteness or nearness of the' intelligence desired. To make this clear, suppose A and B to be Btations on the Direct Line — A containing stores deposited five years and B those deposited six months before ; messages to B would sometimes be carried farther around and stop at more Bta tions than messages to A. Fifth, lo each despatch theretnm messages came at regular intervals after tho first, which took about twioe the time of each of the Sixth, tbe length of the intervals varied with the varying despatches; tbe answers to. some coming very slowly, and to others quite rapidly. Seventh, sending and receiving messages by this line produced a certain strain on mind and body that was not felt when using tbe Direct Line. And now, having partially described the working ol this line, I will go back to the time when I discovered it. I had been noti fied that a furlough would be given me by ap plying at a certain office, to which I was directed, and, with visions of home floating before my mind, I walked into the room and stopped at the desk. A grave, Btern-looking officer, with a pen in his hand and a book before him, eat by the table. He looked up and said : ' Your name.' I gave it, and then supposed he would fill out my furlough ; bnt inBtead he recorded my name in the book, and then inquired: 'What regiment do you belong to?' Of oourse I knew per fectly well that the information sought was among my stores, but when I turned to the past with the question, 'What regiment do I belong to I ' I was amazed to find that the Direct Line did not respond. My despatch was off on the Zig Zag, and soon the misty messages came back : First message by Zig Zag. A bleak field, with' a swamp extending from side to side near the centre; the field enclosed with a stockade, and crowded with wretehed, dirty, ragged men; outside the dead-line, a long tow of skeleton forms, with dead faces turned to tbe sky. Second message by Zig Zag. A long line of Union soldiers charging through an open field, with a forest before them ; the linens broken and jagged, aB it it had met a blizzard of lead; there are empty Baddies, and fallen flags, and a blue-and red windrow of dead. Third message by Zig Zag. A regiment ot soldiers on dress parade; the soldiers wear blue ooate ; there are figures on the fronts of their caps. By the Direot lone, Seventy-sixth New York. I gave the name of my regiment, and the offioer dashed it down, and asked, brusquely : 'What company?' I ought to have been prepared for this question, but I was not. My mind was so dazed with the strange workings of the two lines that I thought of nothing else until the question was put. Again I tamed to the past,. and inquired: ' What company ?' ana again the ^Zig Zag took the question. First message by Zig Zag. A river spannei by a bridge ; beyond the hridge an aroh cf evergreens ana flags ; a throng of men hurry ing over the bridge and under the arch ; the men are emaciated and half -naked, but their taoes glow with joy. Seoond message by Zig Zag. A foreBt; Union .soldiers grouped round a dead cavalry man; a sergeant with face turned toward the group, as it about to give an order ; a line of Confederate troops in front. By the Direct Line, Company F. I named the company, and tbe officer jotted it down, and said : ' Your captain's name ? ' And the Zig Zag took the question. First message by Zig Zag. A long line of Union soldiers, with a group of omoers on horseback in front; the offioors with field glasses to their eyes; the ground in front desoending to a small stream, then ascending to a ridge ; the ridgo crowned with a line of Confederate earth-works and batteries ; sharp shooters deployed as skirmishers between the Second message by Zig Zag. A prison pen ; a scaffold ; six men with ropes around their Books and meal-sacks drawn over their heads ; a sea of faces turned up toward the eoaHold. Third message by Zig Zag. A brigade drawn up in hollow square ; a man kneeling on a coffin, with a file of soldiers before him ; an officer standing stern and pale, his ex tended right hand holding a white handker chief. By the Direct iino, Captain Ooddard. The officer took dona tho name, and in quired, impatiently, ' When did you enlist? ' I had noted hiB growing irritability, and it in oreaaed my distress. Other patients were waiting to be questioned. The fear that my mind waB hopelessly shattered was growing into certainty. The Btrain on my mind and body incident to sending and receiving mes Bages was intense. My knees Bhook under me, and great drops of sweat Blood on my forehead ; bat I turned d'n;edly to the past with the inquiry, ' When did I enUst ? ' The Direct Line rejeoted the mesaage, as it had the others, but tbe faithful Zig Zag did not desert me; although evidently over-worked, it came bravely to the rescue, and took my moBsEfO. The first response was longer than usual in coming, but it came at last. Message by Zig Zsg. A large sheet of water with a river emptying into it ; a snug harbor ; a grove of oaks with a speaker's stand in the centre ; the grove and stand covered with people. At this point the ofiioer repeated tbe ques tion, 'When did you enlist,?' Tue inter ruption broke the connection on the Zig Zag. The tone of tbe question demanded an im mediate answer of somo sort. I made cne desperate effort to force the answer from the Direct Line, then I said Badly, ' I can't tell.' The officer laid down his pen, and said petulantly, ' I oan't give you a furlough if you oan't tell me when you enlisted.' Oh, the agony of that moment I I was not to go home after aU ? Was it not enough that I was shattered in body and mind, bat must this very ruin cut off my last chance for recovery ? I thought not of tho forms of respect due from a private to a Buperior ; I felt only the injustice of fate. The instinct of seltpreBer vation asserted itself. The old spirit of re sistance that had carried me through so many trials blazed out afresh for a moment, and I exclaimed passionately :— ' Can't you make some allowance ? Oan t you eee what a wreok I am? I've been in prison, God knows how long, and I've had the fever, and I can't think t ' The protest began almost fiercely, but it ended in a wail. I broke down utterly, and oried like a child. For a moment the Bilence of the room was broken only by sob;; then a gentle voice said : ' I can make allowance ; don't distress yourself.' Oould this be the voice of that stern official ? I glanced at him through my tears, and from that instant I have had a truer understanding of the story ol the transfiguration. His face was as tender as a woman's. With the utmost gentlenesB, he assured me that the matter could be ar ranged, that I muet take timo, and give the date as nearly as possible. Thus encouraged, I oommenccd again on the Zig Zag, and found the year, and then the month, but not the day. The furlough waa granted, however, and, storing the paper Bafely in my pooket, I took the first train for home. At first I was a good deal troubled about the peculiarities of the Zig Zag, bat I soon made a discovery that proved it to be a friend, and also showed that the Direct Line, in refusing some of my messages and taking others, was acting acoording to law instead of in a spirit of caprice, an I at first supposed. The work of the Zig Zag was to open com munications with the stations on the Direct Lino, and it had only to convey one message to each station to acoompliah this. When the message was received and tbe answer sent back by the Direct Line, the connection with that station by the Direot Line was estab lished, and mossages flashed back and forth with their former regularity. I- have before spoken ot the messages that came unbidden ; lese also opened communication on tbe Direct Line, and to these two sets of stations my messages went straight. Stimulated by this disoovery, I operated the Zig Zag cheer fully, for I knew that each returning message enlarged the area of the reconquered territory. By means of the voluntary messages snd toe efforts of the Zig Zag, I was soon in direot communication ~with most of the stations, and the use of the Zig Zag beoatne tbe ex ception. At this time I used to ponder a good deal on the subject, and strive to comprehend the working of these lines. One thing that perplexed me greatly was the gap between the last message by the Zig Zag and the return message by the Direct Line. On exploring these stations after direot commu nication had been established, I found that some of tbe Zig Zag messages approached very nearly the information required; for example, the one in regard to the company. It will be reoolleoted that, in the last picture presented by the Zifj Zag, a sergeant stood as if about to givo an order. Now, the order really given was : ' Company F, into line ; ' but as no inkling of what this order was reaobed me at tbe time, by either line, the gap, though apparently small, oould not be Uled up. At other times, I qould not, by the most careful examination, find the least con nection between the last message hy the Zig Zag and the answer by the DirecfLine. This puzzled me, and I imagined that some of the messages by the Zig Zag had misaarried, and had found their way to some unknown dead letter office; but I finally became satisfied that the gap, in each instance, extended only from thelast station on the Zig Zag to the station on the Direct Line containing the in formation sought. I now give the coarse ot reasoning by which this conclusion was reached. Since the messages by the Zig Zag came at regular intervals after the first, and the first took double the time of each of the -others, I concluded that the despatch I sent travelled at exactly the name rate of speed as the return messages. Thus, if A, B and 0 represent stations on the Zig Zag, and D the desired point on the Direot Line, and the in-, terval of time between messages was five eeoonds later, or at the exact time that my despatoh reached B ; while the message from D arnnM rnanll mf4 At thfl tOTOA UlBtant that my despatoh reached 0, and consequently the message bom 0 would reach me at the same tine that my despatch reached D, the point on the Direct Line ; and as tbe transmission of messages on the Direct Line occupied no appreciable time, this view of the case was sustained by the fact that the answer by the Direct Line always came to me while I was examining the last message by the Zig Zag. And now the history of this strange line is finished, at least so far as my knowledge of it extends. I bid farewell to the Eg Zag for ever. Ahl but is it forever? Ab I sit in the twilight ana wstoh the gathering shadows, and think ot the time in (he not .distant - future when the shadows shall gather for the last time, ana when perhaps the parting soul will lone to send the final messages of love, I ask myself, 'Snail I not find « again?' 