.6uirian ali. . ' l|Rumours and ghost stories aie pr~vaolen, here just now; all .sorts of mysteciouv sounds are reported to be hbard in the vicinity of the late residence of a decesseitd medical gentleman, and not a few persons would not venture there after dark for a good sum. If this be the case, those ivWho have literally stepped.into .the doed man's shoes must feel particularly uncomfortable. Perhaps, at the witching hour of midnight, when churchyards yawn and graves give up their dead, a wiord apparition. may asp pear at their bed sides and in a sepulchral voice demand-" Where'is spy bot's!" " SThanks to the.late rains, *r;oss is begin ning to spring. Further accounts show that over an inch fall was averaged over this portion of the Liverpool PTains. Two inches fall at The DIumbls, one and a half inches at KiokerbB1, :and 180, points at Quoirindi. At several places on the plains whore there are no means of measuring the fall is believed to have been much heavier. In connection with the foregoing, I may repeat an anecdote that appears to me to be sufficiently amusing :-It was on a Liverpool Plains station. The " boss" and his head stockman were inspecting the newly-arrived rain-guage, to see what quntity had fallen during the previous night. "Eight-five points" remarked the squatter, "it might have been more." "Eighty-five Vints!" ejaculated the as tonished bushman, " why I'll be hanged if the blamed thing will hold half-a-pint." There is likely to be several entries for the "Railway WVorkshop Stakes." But it is not diflieultto "tip the winner." Quirindi is perfdctly in the right to make a bid for them, and indeed with its inexhaustil le supply of water and the fact of a town already being established there, has many claims to the distinction. At the same time there can be little doubt that their location has been fixed long aec, if, indeed, it is in tended to construct any, which is problem atical. The efforts of fIurrurundi, Quirindi, ''amworth, and other places to obtain them present something of the comic element, reminding one irrisistibly of the famous petition of the "Three Tailors of Tooley street" to Queen Elizabeth, commencing with "We, the People of England I " Having the war scare before our eyes, it is quite natural tbat sime of our residents were somewhat startled at hearing the sound of continued firing at the southern end of town last Wednesday morning, and what with reports of nussian cruisers hover ing about our coasts and the war telegrams that have appeared for the past few weeks in the newspapers, the conviction that the Russians had landed and that a terrific battle was waging across Jacob and Joseph's Creek, was quite natural. But happily this was not the case. For the time belig our hearths alnd homes are safe from the Muscovite invader. Volley after volley was certainly fired, but it was by the police of Quirindi and district, who were being put through their facings in rifle-drill by Sergeant B:ennan of Murrurundi. 