fell LONDON LETTER, [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] London, Jan. 23rd, 1885. Of course the universal topic of con- Versation in London is the victory of General Stewart over the Arabs at the Abu Klea Wells. The English papers by the mail will however, give you full particulars of this achievement of English arms, but I venture to quote a few sentences from the description of it by the Correspondent of the Daily News, who in my opinion has on this occasion, fairly outshone his rivals :-" We moved out to the attack under a hail of bullets. Men dropped from the ranks right and left, but none of the wounded were left on the field. The medical staff under Surgeon Major, Ferguson worked splendidly under the heaviest fire. There were frequent stoppages for these purposes. They made progress slow. It was nearly an hour be- ere we sighted the enemy's main body and realised that at least 7,000 or 8,000 men were against us. General Stewart took up a good position on a slope where the repe&rinusi; advance uphill across open ground. a skirmishers of the Mounted JJa fantry were sent forward to force on the attack, while Captain/Norton's battery of screw guns planted Werai shells among the densest mass. Then came the shock of, the rebel's impulsive charge against our square. For awhile the fate of the whole force trembled in the balance. Then the steadiness of the Guards, Marines and Mounted infantry prevailed, and the fierce foes retired beaten, leaving the ground strewn with dead and wounded, -' with arms and, banners Barrow's Hussars came up soon after, but were too late to strike at the retreating foe, many of whom, however, were shot down while retiring. The Sussex Regiment, though taken in rear, rallied and fought desperately. The greatest losses fell on the heavy. Camel Corps, of whose officers six were killed and two wounded. I escaped unhurt amidst the hand-in-hand mêlée with the loss of my horse. After the fight, in which the enemy, brought all their best troops against General Stewart's Brigade, we gained the Wells of Abu Klea, and bivouacked there last night. The rebels fought with the most reckless and admirable courage, and displayed great tactical skill. They harrass ed the zareba all the previous night, and endeavoured to lead us into a skilfully laid trap. We advanced two miles exposed to a heavy fire on all sides. We halted and closed square, while skirmish- ers went forward to force the concealed ' enemy into an attack. They sprang up, twenty banners waving, and came on in a splendid line. The troops on the right were led by Abn Saleh, Emir of Meta, men. On the left they were under Mahommed Khan, Emir of Berber. The latter was wounded and retired early; but Saleh came desperately on at the head of a hundred fanatics, escaping' the withering fire of the Martinis marvellously until shot down in the square. The rear face, composed of the heavy cavalry, broke forward in the endeavour to fire on the rebels, who swept round the flank and broke into us. For a moment there was much confusion. Then the men fell back re-formed in good order, and poured volleys into the rebels, every one in the lead division falling dead in our midst. When we had time to look we saw that line after line of the enemy had fallen under the Martini fire as they advanced. There could scarcely have been less than eight hundred or a thousand of dead and wounded rebels. Others in scattered bands made off in various directions, leaving us masters of the field, but at some cost. In the temporary confusion the Gardner gun could not be got into action at the most effective moment. When it opened fire the rebels were close on it. The Naval Brigade therefore lost very heavily. Pigott and Delisle were both killed. Among the first of our officers mortally wounded was Colonel Burnaby, who fell gallantly fight close to his old comrades the Blues. Our heavy list of casualties includes Colonel Bur- naby, Majors Carmichael, Atherton, and Gough, Royal Dragoons ; Captain Darley, -Lieutenants Law, Wolfe, and Pigott, Naval Brigade, Delisle, and sixty men killed. The Earl of Airlie, Viscount St. Vincent, Majors Gough, Mounted Infantry; Dickson, Royals; Lieutenants Beech, Costello, Lyall, and Guthrie, Sur S eon Magill, and eighty- five men wounded. many persons even in Western Australia will notice with special interest the name of the gallant Fred. Burnaby among the killed. His famous "Ride to Khiva" gave him a world-wide reputation ; but, besides this, there was much in this reck- less soldier of fortune to arrest the attention of men in this paling age of peace of peace, be it added, tempered by considerable spasms of blood- letting in sat age climes. Colonel Burnaby was quite a political, as well as a military hero in England, and, as the ally of Lord Randolph Churchill, was the chosen champion of Conservatism, who was to stay and root out Mr. Chamberlain and the Birmingham "Canons?' Yet, as the Daily News pointedly remarks, though a violent political partisan, the gallant Colonel was a generous forman, and, personally, on the best of terms with the Radical President of the Board of Trade. I well recall the huge warrior as he appeared in London after his first brush with the fiery Arabs, who so completely routed the pusillanimous forces of his friend Baker Pasha. He was a most conspicuous figure at the last dinner of the Savage Club, held at the Holborn Restaurant, when an old Australian, Sir James Cockle, of Queensland, by the bye, being in the chair, he made a characteristic speech. Bewailing in true Tory fashion the peace-at-any price policy which is supposed-one really fails to see on what grounds-to animate the councils of the Gladstone Cabinet, Colonel Burnaby drew himself up to his full height, and exclaimed-" Oh ! for an hour of the Great Protector-one of the " grandest specimens, say what we may, "of our late Oliver Cromwell whose " boast it was, that he could make the " name of Englishmen feared throughout " the world like that of an ancient "Roman''. Of course the cheering was deafening, for Colonel Burnaby and his hat like sentiments were always popular among the peaceful members of this Bohemian London Club. Well ! the dark curtain has fallen, the play is over, and the gallant follow sleeps his last sleep on the red hot sands of the Soudan, pierced to death in a hand-to-hand struggle with some equally courageous, if less civilised n arrive. " The ad venturous career which has thus come to a premature end has 1 continue to quote from the Daily News of yesterday attracted, as it well deserted, much attention and admiration. Col del Burnaby was only in his forty third year, but he has been heard of for years past at tome post of danger. 11 is journey to Khiva ten years since, and his adventures and hair-breadth escapes in Russia and Turkey and Cell tral Asia in former years, has given him an established imputation as an intrepid and an daunted explorer and traveller. Even his Proposed political campaign at Birming are proved attractive U> him by the courage and enterprise involved in an attack on a great Liberal stronghold in behalf of a somewhat flighty Toryism. His presence with Sir Herbert Stewart's force was of his own seeking. It was due to his over- mastering desire for active service. This love of fighting for its own sake is not to be wholly commended ; but Colonel Burnaby was full of the spirit of other times, and there will be no disposition to blame him now. He has fallen in as gallant a struggle against enormous odds as his chivalrous, not to say Quixotic, nature could have desired." , " When," exclaims the admirable Berlin correspondent of the Times, will these White Books come to an end ?" So soon it might he replied as Prince Bismarck has finished his graphic story of England's complete discomfiture. " With the one I am again quoting the Times -"en German interests in the South Sea, or rather with the one which he read out to the Reichstag, on the Saturday before last, we had thought that the Chancellor had exhausted his Sybelline leaves. But no, out comes another, on the eve of the day, when the English Government is to consider the claims of Egypt, and on the evening itself when Prince Bismarck is entertaining all the members of the West African Confer- ence." It is not necessary for me to reproduce literally the excellent precis of this, the latest " White Book," which is concerned with German Land Claims in Fiji. All who take an intelligent interest in the current history of the mother-country, and who, in Bismarck's vivid phraseology, want to know how the clock of the world goes on, will turn to the report of the London Times of January 20th, and carefully peruse the Berlin correspondent's clear and graphic summary of these German State papers. ! When the then Governor of New South Wales, Sir Hercules Robinson, annexed Fiji to the British Crown he " barred " all legal proceedings in debts and contracts which dated prior to January 1, 1871\. Herr Stahl, the German consul at Sydney, protested to the Berlin authorities against this, on behalf of his countrymen who had invested in land in Fiji (October 31st, 1874). That you will notice is over 10 years ago. But it was not till 1880 that Count Munster, the German Ambassador in London, was really instructed to take the matter in hand. But the undaunted Bismarck suddenly determined that England Should yield in this matter of the Fijian claims, and so we find that in June, 1884. Lord Granville actually proposed in order to gratify the Iron Chancellor that " a mixed Commission," consisting of an English and German official should be appointed, who should examine the claims of the litigious Teutonic planters of Fiji, and submit the result-not to the English Government-oh ! no but to their respective Governments." Of course, the sardonic Bismarck promptly instructed its agents " to agree to Lord Granville's proposal." And so ends a second diplomatic Sedan. The Times correspondent again quoting Count Munster final remark that Lord Granville has now abandoned the standpoint, which he took up four weeks ago," savagely adds " Abandoned it indeed, and with as much completeness, as he changed his attitude, in that sad and humiliating business of Angus Requests. Commissioners were respectively appointed by England and Germany, to enquire into the Fijian land questions; and thus the Fijian White Book ends, like many a novel, where the lover and his mistress, after many trials and lover's quarrels, threatening to end in tragic disaster, marry at last and are happy for ever after." One is tempted to cynically add that this post-nuptial bliss only remains unclouded in novels. But perhaps the most amusing commentary on this business is the following paragraph from the Pall Mall Gazette which be it remembered is a " Liberal " organ, with a great idolatry for Mr. Gladstone-"So contemptible a figure does our diplomacy cut in the eyes of the world that even in distant China they cannot resist mocking at us. Only this morning we read in the Shen Pao of December 4 an article containing the words, ' In the English Government there are not wanting men of comprehensive view and keen observa- tion, of deep counsel and wary policy, of vast wisdom and undaunted courage. . . In the English Government are men, like Earl Granville, who in ability and knowledge are not inferior to Bismarck.' The writer should have added, and in success. But is it really wise of the Chinese journalist to whet the edge of his irony upon us ? Surely we are still in a position to expect a little consideration from China." And now a truce to politics and politicians. My readers of the fair sex if indeed I am fortunate enough to boast any in the good city of Perth-would I doubt not have liked to be at the Prince's Theatre on Tuesday night to gaze at the famous Mrs. Langtry and her exquisite costumes. The occasion was that lady's re- appearance on the London stage, after a prolonged absence in America and the provinces, and great was the expectation to see her, judging by the rows of " fair women and brave men " on whom the play house " lamps " or rather electric light that evening shone. The cynical Pall Mall Gazette after, damning " the play which was Dumas' "La Princess se Georges" with anything but praise, faint or other, adds insult to injury by dubbing the performance a " milliner's triumph," But if any of my fair readers aforesaid could have viewed that wonderful costume worn by the " Jersey Lily in the second act, oh ! how they would have quivered with delight, it may be envy. _ Let them not expect me to describe it. Shall a clumsy scribe attempt to picture a bird of paradise ? At last the Yates affair is settled, and the clever-one might perhaps say too clever editor of the World, has been compelled to remove his quarters from pleasant and picturesque Marlow-on Thames to Holloway prison. It will be remembered that Mr. Yates appealed against the judgment of Lord Coleridge, who sentenced him to four months for a libel on Lord Lonsdale (which was really written by a spiteful titled lady the Countess Stradbroke) to the full court, on the plea that the consent of the At- torney General had not been obtained and was requisite for the initiation of a criminal prosecution against the proprietor of a newspaper. Sir Balliol Brett, the Master of the Rolls, and the Full Court u] held Lord Coleridge's > decision, and Mr. Yates was conveyed to prison in a Brougham-st befits the editor of a fesl.icaablesociety journal. He will be confined in Holloway prison for four months, as a " first class misdemeanants " which means that he will have all the comforts and luxuries compatible with a some hat elastic prison discipline. There is a pretty wide spread feeling of sympathy especially in the journalistic world here, for Mr. Yates, for it is universally acknowledged that he is a most capable and a most careful editor, who rejects scores of the best paragraphs, if not out of sympathy for the unconscious victim of malicious wit, at least for the sake of his own personal reputation as a gentleman and perhaps for his bank account. Even the radical Echo bewails the fact that Lord Lonsdale should have thought his wounded honor could only be solved by Mr. Yates being sent to gaol. But perhaps Citizen Carnegie's " London organ is biassed because the World's victim in this instance is a lord. At all events Mr, Edmund Yates will shortly be in a position to publish an unlooked for sequel to his admirable " Reminis scenes." Who it TI day be asked is " Citizen Carnegie"? Well! he is a particularly enterprising Scotch-American, whose ambition, or rather religion, it is to convert the inhabits part of Great Britain to Socialism and Rejubhcism-and to make if possible 7 per cent by the job. To this end he "rose" 16 or 17 newspapers in this benighted isle, the most celebrated of which is the London Echo, a half penny evening journal which now boasts a weekly offshoot, price one penny, pictures and all. the St James Gazette, a most able, but I fear far from successful afternoon organ of Toryism, is never weary of gird- ing at the good Mr. Carnegie and his confreres ; but perhaps the following is an exceptionally spicy attack which clearly emanates from Mr. Greenwood, the editor-in-chief, who will probably never forgive the Radicals for perverting his old love the Pall Mall, whose reflection towards liberalism led to his surrender of its editorial chair, which was for a while filled by his bete near, Mr. John Morley." " Citizen Carnegie, the American gentleman who runs seventeen English newspapers on sound Radical principles, in partnership with Mr. Samuel Storey M.P. for Sutherland, has just declared himself " a Socialist and a keen sympathizer with wage-earners." We shall therefore looking a still more virulent denunciation of landowners and aristocrats than heretofore in the Echo and the sixteen other journals " bossed " by the Yankee Socialist. It is likely, too, that the number of Socialist organs owned by the firm may be largely increased. For the philanthropist who desires to free English labourers and artisans from their degrad- ing servitude to the aristocracy, the church, and the Crown with the assistance of the member for Sutherland has followed his confession of sympathy for workers in general by discharging 3,000 of the men employed in his iron and steel works at Pittsburg, and reducing the wages of the others from 10' to 33 per cent. The capital thus liberated will no doubt be reinvested in the Republican and Communistic crusade in England. A transatlantic reporter indiscreetly asked the new disciple of Mr. George whether he proposed " to divide up his wealth in conformity with his profession." As the firm needs all its capital to carry r on its holy, mission over here, the reporter was of course met with a decisive and mono- syllabic reply." The death of Mr. Edmond About has not only created a profound sensation in Paris but has excited no ordinary amount of sympathetic comment in London For not only was the Petit Fils de Voltaire, as the modern French wit has happily nick-named the Paris correspondent of the Athenaeum but he was personally well-known to many literary and artistic Englishmen. Some few years ago, when the Savage Club of London had the pleasure of entertaining Mr. Gladstone, on the occasion of the annual dinner, there were also present Mr. Edmond About and the leading members of the Theatre Francais. Mr. Gladstone, with his irrestible versatility, became for five or six hours a veritable Sauvage des Savages, and appeared to forge call his political animus against the de- tested Disraeli in his undisguised enjoy- ment of the humour of the evening. He had told his cab driver to wait half an-hour or so for him, but he remained for six solid hours, applauding the great painter Herkomer exquisite] mastery of the zither, and showing in his marvellously mobile face the effect upon him of that simple but touching ballad, " She wore a wreath of roses." Of course the great orator was expected to speak, and of course he charmed his hearers. Have we not always heard that " Music hath charms to soothe the savage breast ?" " 49 He dilated on the grandly bohemian character of Richard Savage's great friend, Dr. Johnson a theme I may re- mark upon which Benjamin Disraeli has been equally eloquent-and on the ss periority of French acting. The latter, he maintained, consisted in the excellence and variety of its gestures. " Why do we not gesticulate ? " inquired Mr. Gladstone, a question which he answered to his own satisfaction apparently by alleg- ing that our private houses were so filled with nick-nacks' and bric-a-brac at all kinds that we were afraid to throw our arms " around" for fear of smashing something. This explanation is more ingenious than accurate, though perhaps it should be taken as a specimen of the Prime Minister's peculiar vein of humour, but I can well remember the tone in which a very impoverished though very talented London comedian whispered, " Afraid of knocking down the bits of blue chaney, eh ? He ought to see tan den." I however recall this memorable night, not on account of Mr. Gladstone and his pleasant speech, though somewhat dis- survive, but in memory of the deceased French litterateur, who also spoke. His brief speech was an eloquent eulogium of English public school education, " the best in the world" he averred " to manufacture of gentlemen," adding that he had already given practical proof of his faith by sending his eldest son to Harrow. This seems to me a higher tribute to Perfide Albion, than that mentioned by one of About's panegyrists, in the London press, that he " actually learned to quaff beer from a pewter." Edmond About was a brilliant literary caricaturist rather than a first-class novelist ; he failed, too, as a dramatist ; he was not an astute or far-seeing politician ; nor was he altogether a successful journalist. Yet the grocer's son of Dieuze succeeded in achieving by his versatile pen that which is priceless to the brilliant Frenchman-no- society, celebrity if you will for he was endowed with the quality which of all others his countrymen appreciate and possess - vivacity and the capacity to write epigrams. I must leave to those who like myself have wasted their precious hours of life in perusing Miss Bauer's spiteful, salacious, reminiscences. Will those who accept so greedily the Berlin ac- tresses estimate of her social superiors also implicitly believe the late Countess Lytton's disgusting charges against not only her husband but pretty nearly all decent English society of her time ? Do they believe what Lady Byron's friend, Harriet Beecher Stowe, wrote of the author of Childe Harold ? If not, why not One woman's tale is just as spicy and symmetrical as the others. Of course it is a bonne bouche all this garbage concerning English and German royalties dear beyond measure to the ii ill republican soul. It is almost cruel to attempt to discredit such a book as the delectable Miss Bauer's, but truth and decency demand the effort and therefore, one turns to Professor Max Mid- ler's letter in the Times as to a social antidote, for it is not pleasant to see people hugging, as Mr. Labouchere and his disciples do the ghosts of foul things, and to mistake obscurity for wit simply because it is recklessly levelled at kings and courts. Doubtless the good people of Perth have from time to time been enlivened, or, in some rare instances, saddened, by these so-called disclosures of the German actress Karoline Bauer, who in her posthumous " memoirs" makes some very scandalous charges against the late Prince Consort's counsellor, Baron Stockmar, as well as against Queen Victoria's uncle the late King of the Belgians. Miss Bauer, was the cousin or peace of the Baron, and became the " morganatic" wife of King Leopold, whose memory she certainly besmirched in the two volumes which have recently been translated into English to the infinite delight of Mr. Henry Labouchere, and other ultra-Republican wife and with bags, who dearly love to " take it out of Royalty. Whether, like such gentry, we are to place implicit reliance in the evidently spiteful words of a discarded mistress, or to remember the old adage, .' Hell has no fury like a woman scorned," I will take leave to quote the famous Pro season's words in extenso " Sir-So many questions have been addressed to me of late as to the extraordinary charges brought against the late Baron Stockmar and his friends in the posthumous memoirs of Miss Karoline Bauer, who calls herself his niece, that I should 'feel grateful if you would allow me, as the editor of the English translation of " Baron Stockmar Memiar*,">to declare my conviction that the contents of the members let by that lady and edited by Mr. A. Weller are apocryphal, and worse than apocryphal. They appeared in Germany in 1880, and have lately been translated into English. At first the editor, a personal friend of Miss Bauer, seems to have believed in her bona fides. . He advanced her considerabk*Bums of money during the closing years of her life, and she tried to repay him by making him her literary executor and leaving to him her manuscripts, full of confessions and revelations, to be published for his own benefit after her death. Soon, however his eyes were opened, and he did the only thing which a man of honour under such cir- cumstances could do-he himself publicly declared his old friend, Miss Bauer, to have been guilty of lying and falsehood, a swindler who for years had piled lie on the, fraud on fraud (LugaufLug, True auf Trug). After this these memoirs were disposed of so far as Ger- many was concerned, and it is but fair, therefore, that now that the book has been published in England English readers should know what they have to expect in these nauseous papers. Such posthumous bites and growls have become a great nuisance of late. No one is safe from these literary ghouls. The assassin can- not be called to account ; the victims generally can no longer defend themselves. Fortunately, in the case of Baron Stockmar, there is no necessity, at least in England, to defend his character and that of his friend and patron, the late King of the Belgians, against the Billy charges of Miss Baner. But the accused is' not often so safe nor the accuser so untrust- worthy and discredited The memoirs of Karo line Bauer may at least serve one good purpose if they act as a caution against all members d'mitre-tombe. Yours faithfully. F. MAX MULLER.. Oxford. It will, of course, be said that Professor Max Muller is a German' court favorite and what not. It may be that he has a bias in favor of Anglo-Teutonic Royal- ties ; nor is it essential, in the interests of truth, altogether to discredit many of the pitiful facts in Karoline Bauer's Memoirs. It is her reckless inferences and savage comments that we must be wary of, and which may safely be regarded as the hysteric outpourings of a passionate woman " scorned." 