LAZARUS IN LONDON. BY F. W. BOBINSON. Author of " Grandmother's Money" Owen,, a Waif;" "Mattie, a Stray: "The Black Speck;" "No Church;" &c.; BOOK THE FIRST.—THE SHOP IN SOHO. CHAPTER XXX. PEBFLEXED, I answered one of my letters the following day, and the second letter I took twenty-four hours to consider before committing myself to the responsibility of a reply. To my lather 1 hrstgave the information that I had not seen Mr. Hugh Macknesa for some time, and waanotlikely to see him again. Secondly, that I had received an invitation into the country from Mrs. Willmore, of Woking. And thirdly, that after a conference with Lydia, it had been found too great a strain upon our present resources to send him the three papers weekly which he required, and which Lydia thought had better be ordered by Mr. Protheroe of a local bookseller. We were always very much pressed to wards Christmas time, and the business in Fisher-street that year was not prospering, indeed was absolutely going down hill with , the hard times which had come to many of, its inhabitants; and Lydia point-blank re fused to send the newspapers. Ella had objected to this, "as if a shilling or so a week were going to ruin us," she said. " It might," said Lydia, so gravely that 1 feared she was keeping something back—some bad news of the "takings," or of the taxes,, or of a trouble in saving up week by week for the rent which the agent would call for— like a flash of lightning—on the very day it was due, like a Bard-hearted monster, as he was, for all his smiles and smirks. " Is—is anything wrong?" I asked nervously, of Lvdia. " No, no, Maud," Lydia hastened to say ; " but we must be careful for a time, with the trade going away from us; and there are three of us to keep, and we must have some new stock for Christmas week. And father can buy his own newspapers surely ?" " 1 am not doing my share of work," I said, "and yet you want me to go into the country." " For a week or two very much indeed," said Lydia. " There will be one less to feed," was my rueful answer. " There will be one of us, at least, to get well and strong," said Lydia. " One of us! cried^Ella; " what do'you mean ?" "Is not Maud one of us?" asked Lydia sharply, and we did not put any more ques tions to her, although in doubt as to her meaning. The following day, having well considered my next step, I accepted the invitation of Mrs. Wellmore, much to everybody's delight, especially that of Ben, who I am almost sure danced m his room that evening, he shook the house so violently. And yet he was not coming too—that was an understood thing, between us. I had told him very gravely before giving him my letter to his mother to {>OBtt " I was not going to be harassed by his ooking in, and running down at all times and seasons," and he said with alacrity. " Cer tainly not. You and the old lady will be all to yourselves. It is not likely you want me to bother you." "Of course not." " I'll juBt sbow you the way down, though-, and introduce you to the old lady, and (make matters a little square at Woodbine. Cot tage." "But " " And I'll come back by the last train, upon my word I will," he added, not Allow ing me to finish my sentence ; "you can't travel by yourself all that way." " It's only half an hour's railway journey." "And you won't travel by yourself," he added, with rather more firmness than be was in the habit of exhibiting to me. "Very well," 1 said. I was rather glad be was going. It^wouli relieve me from the embarrassment or meet ing a perfect stranger such as Mrs, Wellmore was after all; and he could show me the way to his mother's cottage and make him self generally useful. And two or three dayB afterwards—and a very dull, foggy day it was—I bade Lydia and Ella gooa-by, and, being still weak and childish in my way, shed a few tears at part ing with them as though I were going away for a long time. They kept bright faces for me, although I conld read a little story behind Ellae farewell smile. " Come back well and strong," cried Ella, "just as you were before—before father got rich/' Bhe added drily. " Take care of her. Mr. Wellmore," were the last words 1 heard Lydia say. " Trust me for that," said Ben. Then we went down Fisher-street together, and Mrs. Bond rushed to the door to look after us, as in duty bound. hi i " Going into the country, I hear," Bhe'said, "and Mr. Wellmore too! Not on.your honeymoon, is it?" " Oh ! no—nothing of the sort," I answered. "She's going to my mother's," explained Ben shortly, then we were out of Mm. Bond's range. But we were not free from all en quiries—from people who asked embarrasing questions, and communicated bad news. Sal Garboush loomed out of the fog, and was upon us before we were aware. She stood blocking up the pavement, a tall, gaunt woman who seemed to have got since I had seen her a few days ago followed by a small army of boys and girls who were making fun of her style of progression which had been a trifle vacillating, and which she had cut short every 20 yards to stop and harangue her tormentors, and call them terribly Sad names, She was sober enough this morning*. vend in lieu of a bonnet, had drawn her check i ha-wl over her head and ears, and was clutching it under her square doable chin. -There was an odd, grave look on her broad face, and she did not break into emilea like a clown, as she generally did upon meet ' -ing anybody from home. There was a serious ness about her which was almost refreshing at first sight. " Hollo," she said in a deep bass," you and < ihim together. That's sumfink like. And how are you both ?" "Weare pretty well, thank you, Sal," answered Ben, " what's the matter with yon this morning?" "The old chap's done it at last, shot if he ain't," BaidSaL " Done it. What has he done ?" " Hejs gone and caught the bloomin' roomatics awful—and can% set up this morn ing," said Miss Garboush; " he's like a babby —won't move—won't do anything to shake hisself together." " I'm very sorry," I said, " he was all right last night." " That's the wust of him—he takes you sadden like, and puts all your day's 'range ments out." " Have yon had the doctor ?" " The parish cove looked in fer arf a minit —jest put his silly head ronnd the door, and ;for two pine, I'd shut it in," said Sal, " and -wot do yer think he says ?" "I hope not bad news." " He says he mussen't be moved, and he -shouldn't wonder if he don't go off" "Gooff!" "Hook it altogether. That's a pootynice ir ess .ain't it?" " What are you doing for him ?" asked Ben. " Wot can I do ?" said Sal helplessly. " Eh ?" said Ben, " hard up again ? "Not a penny, Mr. Wellmore, not a penny, vMissMud—and that's the blessed truth. 1 < dare say that's sumfink to do with his com plaint, for he didn't get anythink to eat yesterday." "Nor you?" "Oh! I'm used to it. It don't matter to \- me," said Sal, " I can stand a heap." "Why didn't he tell us last night?" I asked. " Oh 1 catch him saying a word to your lot. That's his rubbitching pride—perhaps he's right," she added, " but you might have had ■ a bone or two." "Sally," said Ben, after fumbling in his pocket, "here's an odd shilling—get the \- old man something, and tell him I'll come round late to-night and see how he is." "Yer wiU?" " YeB." "I know if yer says yer will, yer will," remarked Sally ; " then yer ain't goin' to be married, you two this mornin'." And Sal gave one of her broadeBt grins at the suggestion. ^ " Not this morning, Sal," said Bon ; " too fcfid not like this light way of treating the position, and might have said something \- severe to one or another of them, if Sal had not forestalled me by a laugh which rouBed the whole street, and brought Mr. Perkins, the young man in the same line of bnsiness as onrselves—the "alarming sacrifice," oppo sition monster—to his shop door to see what v as the matter over the way. "Wouldn't be able to see which was which," said Sal. " Ah, well, have the sun on the kepple o' ye when you two get spliced. It's wot should be, and l'll lose a daj's work but wot I'll see the weddin'; and I'll have a -drink that night if I never had one afore, Yer -see—yer ony wait an' see!" "I believe, Sally, yon've been drinking already, or you'd never go on like this," I said, half reproachfully, half indignantly. " I ain't, on my soul and body, not a dram," said Sally, with gravity;" not the ghost o' a ' chance—no sich luck. Is this all to the old cove's account. Mr. Wellmore ?" she added, | looking chwely at the shillingin her hand. " Yes, every penny of it. Don't forget." " He's to have a loaf from the perish when I go round for it, yer know ? He won't want no more bread." "That is all for the old man," said Ben with emphasis. " Werry well—who's a goin' to sneak it]? i Only I'm a bit upBet, and wants keepin' to gether with a drop of sumfink." " Get some coffee." Sal tosBed up her head, and said, with I withering contempt— " Muckery!" We were thinking of proceeding on our way, but as we made a step forward, so did M!eo /InrhftiiBlt KIia1i!u) Avirianf.lv nnfrirma i Miss Garboush. She had evidently not done with us. Ben glanced at me askance and smiled, and Sally Garboush, very watchful -aB it proved, said very quickly, and almOBt resentfully. " What are yer larfin' at ?" "I was not laughing," responded Ben, - politely ; " I was abont to tell Miss Prothe roe we should be late for the train if we did not Btep out a little faster. Good day ; look to the old father, Sal—don't forget him." " I'll put the shutters up to-night for yer, MiBS Mud." "Thank you, Sally." " And, yer won't forgit to see the old cove ' when yer comes back to-night ?" Bhe said | again, with a steady stare in her great dark eyeB at my companion. " No. I have said I won't forget." "I'm a thinking," said Sal, biting her I ■finger nails as if in some perplexity, "that I'd go and see him now, if 1 wos you. "Now?" repeated Ben. "He's in a queer way, yer know. He ■mav'nt live till yer get back, if the fog gets \- on nis chist and he beginB to bark. Lor, now he doeB go it then ! And," added Sal, " he -wants to see yer werry bad, I'm sure." "Why did'nt you say so before?" asked Ben. "I thought the night'd do; but there, if yer'll go now, I'd be glad." "Have you been waiting in Fisher-street to tell me this ?" asked Ben curiously. " Well—yes—I 'ave," confessed Miss Gar boush. Ben seemed to consider this communica tion with grave attention—not to regard it carelessly, or as the passing fancy of an eccentric woman. His manner certainly sur prised me; there came a sudden shadow to his face, or I read faces badly. " Maud," he said, " I should like to eee old Isaac for a minute, if you don't'mind very mucli. The court is only a few steps baek, and he may want to say something; He may be going to die," be added in a lower voice, \- as though fearful of distressing the feelings \- of the daughter who after all had said the , same thing. " 1 will go with you," I said quickly," I ' should like to see him too." "No—the place ia not fit for you," he eplied. KI ki know what it is like, I have been . amongst them with Lydia before now when any one has been very ill." Yes, yes; but you were strong then, and this might he something catoking." "Rheumatics." " And he may have something to say to me alone. If you will walk quietly down the street it will be better." " I'll see to her," Sal said to my dismay, I " till yer come back ag'in. Well go on slow down 'ere, and wast opDoaite The Begent—if yer don't mind, Miss Mad—if I'm 'spectable enuf for yer now yer've got a new dress on," she added, with a little envy of my new merino. "The evening will do, I daresay, Maud,'' said Ben, irresolutely, and reading my ob jections pretty correoily, "unless—unless— there is any particular reason that he has for seeing me. "Isthat likely?" Ben hesitated, then he said frankly— " Yes. It iB very possible." "Pray, see him then " I said. "There is no hurry for this particular train. I will go back home and wait for you." "No. There is another train in half an hour. Don't go back, Walk slo wly on, Maud " Very well." I was a trifle bewildered, but the impres sion was deepening upon me that it was better he should ceo, and go alone—that it vxis necessary even. Some of my old fears seemed to rise before me, even from the mist about the streets, and there was a vague sus picion on my mind that 1 was connected with this new departure from the even tenor of my way. Ben turned back, and at onoe strode away very quickly, and I went towards the end of Fisher-street—with, the tall woman by my side as guide, philosopher, friend, protector, or whatever 1 might like to consider her. The fog seemed to deepen suddenly in Fisher street, and the men and women flitting by to become shadowy and impalpable figures alter Ben Wellmore had gone. They were lighting the gas in the shop-windows here and there too, and unearthly cosghs were sounding out of the gathering gloom. "It's a rum day for the country," Sal Gar bouBh said. " Yes; but I shall be out of the fog there." "I know it's bright aud green,"commented Sal, " though 1 ony seed it once when 1 was a gal. I don't think I should like it a bit now." " Why not ?" " Give me the streets at any time!—the life in'em, and the row in 'em, she answered almost fiercely; "X should be a ravin' mad un' without sumfink to keep me goin'—I can't bear bein' still, Miss Mud. I've too muoh sperrits, and too much fun In me to muddle about dead and alive fields." " Yes," I said, for the want of a better reply at the moment.. " Give me plenty to do and all over the place," she continued. " Not nussin' the old gaffer theugb, that gives me the creeps orful —I can't abide that job. When he's crusty and obstinit, and won't eat and drink, and keeps a kornng and a korfing, I alters want; to smash him. " I think you ought to be buying something for him now." " In a minnit or two—there's no 'urry, and Mr. Wellmore left me in charge of yer. And I ain't a goin' to lose sight o' yer till he comes back. Not me I" " He is an old friend of yours, Sally ?" " Yes—he is," she answered, and there waB a sudden brightness in her face as she spoke, and a dispersion of the sullen cloud that had Bettled upon her broad countenance some time since—"nun better in this 'ere world than him—and nun so good as ever I cum across, or ever shall if I live till Thooselum!" " You mast not make him vain by telling him so, Sally," I said, laughing a little at this sudden panegyric. " It won't spile him," was Sal's confident reply, "he's too good for this world—he won t live, yer know, werry long. They'll want him where the good 'uns are all in the lnmp together—a singin' hymns and things— where tne likes o' me '11 never have a chance o' goin', and don't want to either!" " Sally I" I exclaimed. "I axes pardin," she said, with a new humility "I don't orfen get on religus toe-pics, but when I do I thinks of Mister Wellmore— alters o' him." " I had no idea he was so great a favourite of yours," I remarked wonderingly. " Yes, be is. He doesn't look down on us —he doesn't put on airs in talkin' to us—he 'elps us—he's one o* us, without the bad that's in us—and he takes our part when we're much druv. He was here long afore you came," she went on with excitement, "and, oh ! the good he's done! Not to me—no one can do me no good !—but he's stood by me at a pinch, and that's like a gen'lman, and knowin' I'm past pray in' for. Yer don't twig?" "I do not understand," I said, very much amazed. "And yer never wilL On'y understan' this—that it's for bis sake, and'cos he likes you gals, that the gaffer and I likes the lot o' yet too, and will oilers do our best for yer. And if he's fond o' yer, Miss Mud, why you're a lucky one, that's all." " Why, Sally," I said endeavouring to give a lighter turn to the discourse, "you must be in love with him yourself to talk Uke this !" " I don't knowjniiifink about luv," said Sal, thoughtfully; " don't think there is such a thing out of atheayter; bat I'd rather drop dead here in this blessed gutter than any harm sqould ever cam to him." The woman's manner struck me into silence. It was strange and new, and yet when she was sober Sally Garboush was always strange, "Not quite right, poor Sal! I had heard Ella say ;more than once, as if in extenuation for her escapades, her frivolities, her deep drinks at The Feathers, And she did not seem quite right that morn ing as we stood in fche streetB waiting for Ben Wellmore. He did not keep as waiting long. He waB soon at our side, and as he approached us I saw he was looking very grave and stern. 