* i the Mttk. vji... - ?' Any time-expired men of the Adelaide Ri3es ?''. . who wish to join the Reserve will be enrolled at the Staff Office on Monday evening next. Steps have been taken to form a company of the R. V.F. at the Semaphore, and there is also every proqject of a strong company of the V.M.F. being em oiled at the same place on an earlj- date. f\Ai a, *:uuikikuax ui me. ueaiiiLuwr EKKtrei anil representatives of the Adelaide, North Ade laide, East Torrens, West Torreus, and Port Adelaide school boards of advice held on Fri day afternoon, a motion was carried unani mously in favor of the establishment of a truant school. 'We are informed by Mr. Creswell that at a ineciifig of the comm.ttee of the South Austra lian Football Association h*rld on Wednesday evening tbe motion of disqualification pissed against Mr. P. B. Rnaehock, a member of tin 'JKcru-und club, at the end of the last football 8er.s--n, was struck out --f the minute book. Tiie following general order was issued from tie Staff Office on Wednesday : —The brigade and reserve will parade at tho Stiff Office at S p.ni. uu Saturday next, liJt'a instar.t, f«r the inspection of His Escelleiu-y Tne i/ovcrnor tin marcmug -uo.ei;, ueuiu-b-t, waterboltles, haversacks, ball-b.igs, aud two pouches to be worn. Mr! John Chambers in answer to a deputa tion v. hieli waited upon him on riaturuay last, asking him to allow himself to be nominated as a candidate for the representation of the Koithein District in the Legislative Council, has replied that owiug to failing health and consequent inability to attend to aud stady the wants and requirements of the district, he is, reluctantly compelled to decline the invitation. A circular has been received from the Govc-inn-^eiit of India notifying the fa/;t that 3L.C5' hordes are required for the remount service of that ccntry during the year 1SS3-Q. There are 1,3(50 valtrs, li'3 iMuntvy-brei bt-nes, and 276 Arab and Persian hiuvs&- needed. The purchases will be made at Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay, and at the horse fairs and show* in Ind)a by re-UT-int agt-iits. An accident which terminated fat.diy Iwp peueu to a boy named R- b*rt Cyx. sou -»f RiWji Cox, of St-.wait -?tret-t, GLiuv-ilie. -ju Wednesday afternoon. The deceased wjls j driving a horse and Oray belonging^ to Mr. Johi; l-e-]aiides out of that * enll riuan's yavJ, j v.'1h-ii the hor.-e bolted, The b---y was tiirmvii i cut of the dray, which was o;t!i«izi»d. 'iVh~n | tfce Jad was picked up it was found that ho had j rect-Ivtd injuries to the hs-d. Or.=. .Syia -us s and Iviitchell attended the unfortunate ho/, f but In- o-ittl at 4 o'clock. Tbe first meeting of the newly -constituted i boai -? of u.&uaftt-.rueiit; of the Adelaide Hospital j was I.-fld at that institution on Fiiday tiftei- ?. Koot:. vin-n \ii. \V\ktt was electtd chairman, j It -w:-« resolved that the H«ns. -L Sil-im, i M.LC. ard John Cultou, MI'. (Chief ' Eetrftary). Messrs-. M. P. F. Ba=eri--w, M.P., : A. Cstt, M.P.. asid T. Graves, and Dr. Jillis-m i sb-uld f-«)iu tbe iitiuce- ciDinitttre. Dr. Stilling i ga\e notice that at tfce following meeting ot j the V-ossd be would mow that a pathologist ; shouW He appointed in connection with the i hospital. I The Massilia. before *he left GleiiL-lg on Fri- i day wtek landed a pair of very Sue aud h^nd- | some deer frcin Bombay fur the Zo;-lo.*ical ! Garcciis. They apiiesr to have suffered little | from the inconveniences of the voyage in a j confined cage, and look as if they had been \v«il j cartd for. The niaS*: is a noble animal with a | See broad fi-«:nt, slender muzzle, aud large ? liquid e- i-s. His ears are peculiarly marked j xni.h dark fann-colored bars -m the white j inner tuiface. The doe is a gi-aci-ful ci-e-Uuve, and both animals are about the height of au j average pony. Mr. John Darling, whu has represented the district of We-t Advdaidc and Yatala in the Asseiwbly, has been requested, by some «f the electors of Stanley to offer his services for the vacancy which will be cause4 by the retire ment of Mr. J. Miller, M.P.' Until Mr. Miller stJios iti bis jesignation Mr. Darling' Las tiecided to withhold his answer. At pre sc-Et there ai-e no candidates in the field, sltlitugh it has been rumored that certain v.'ell Lnoivn local and other would-be members «f the legislature might be easily peiyuaded to come forward. The following telegram, dat'd April 13, ?was received on Tuesday by the Treasurer (Hon. W. B. Eounsfcvell) fx-om the Agent General of South Australia (Sir A. Biyth) : — ' Victoria propoEts floating a ioan of £3,000,000 forth- | ?v.ith at 4 per cent., not 3i per cent. Keiv j Zealand 4 per cents, ait at Sii to-day. R-umor j correct of the probability of war vrith Russia.' ] So the Government have to telegraph to Sir j .Aithiir Blyta to find out whether there is a probability of war between England aud feussia. Ko wouder they hesitated about the preparations for defe«w. At a meeting t.f the South Australian .\ss« ciaf i--ti beid on Monday evening the following resolution was uuanimonsly passed: — 'Tha'- this association requests the earnest attention of tht Government to the question tif our dtfCEces, v.-ith a view to placing them on a thoi-.-i ghly satisfactory footing, even though C' MssiCeiable expenditure may be involved in dtiing' this. Tiw a^sociiitiou espeiaally is of O].ihi--n that our pr^spnt force is utterly in adequate, and urges the ftijvcniine.nt t-i lay aside. &U; questiouf as of seciTi-iarr- importance to thf gre:tt -iiic-fcti«-n of the public safety.'' The Eev. J. P. Chapiiiiu and Mrs. Chap man are passengers by the steamer South Aus tialian, which leaves for Melbourne this after noon. .Mr. Chapman was recently in charge of the \Yesleyau Church at Ai-drossan, but was transferred by the late Conference to New South Wales, foriuissi:-nwork. Prior to leaving 'Sbtke's Peninsulaa valedictory tea meeting vsus held at Petei-s.viUe, and Mr. Ciiapaian wa,.s vishtdbon voyage, much regret beingexnressed at hb? departure. A purse of sovereign? va* presented to him as a mark of esteem. At Ardrossan a sujiper was held, and Mr. CSiap maii wzs again niade the recipient of a parse of sovereigns. Mr. and Sirs. Chapaiau proceed to Kundavu, Fiji. The fo3nO7.iBg is extracted from the geaeral orders issued from the Staff Office on April 10\. The following privates having com pleted their time are disc.iarged : — B Conpany, A. C. Gion. \V. Km'th ; C Gtmpany, J. Mills, O. Gillis; D Oiicpsny. P. Almond ; F Company, R. Tonics, Jj. T. Aitken ; G Company, J. McCorinack. Private John Quinn. K Company, is appointed lance-corporal, and Lance- Corporal Turner, M Company, and Private Charles McCarthy, full corporals : Private Dittmar is promoted as lince- corporal, B Company; Private J'. Elder an pioneer in K Company. The undermen tioned men are struck otf the roll of the Mounted Rifles, having left the colony: — Troopers Thompson, Troubritige, Burk, Corri gan, and Crate. A case of rather a peculiar nature was tried at Willvaiga on Wednesday week, before Mr. J. Martin and Dr. McGowan, James Bigg, a ticket-taker at the recent Willuuga races, was chargtd by Mounted-constable Tuohy with hindering him while in the execution of his duty. It appears that Bigg declined to admit Tuohy to the racecourse untd he had paid the entrance fee of one shilling. Tuohy, however, entered the course and dis cussed the matter with some members of the racing committee, after which he left. The bench held that police- troopers had a, right to go into race meetings free, but were of opinion that there had been no hindrance on the part of the defendant, aud therefore dis missed tbe case. Mr. H. W. Varley appeared for the defendant. Among the passengers by the Massilia were 'Viscount Lymington, M.P., and Lady Lym iiigton, who are on a tour of the Australian colonies. As soon as the steamer reached Glenelg His Excellency the Governor sent his aide-de-camp to meet hislord.-hip, and conduct him, with Lady Lymington, to Governmsnt House. His Excellency entertained his visitors, and in tbe evening accompanied the:n to the opera at the Theatre Royal, immediately' after which they returned to the Massflia, aud proceeded on to Melbourne. Lord Lymin^ton is the eldest son of the Earl of Portsmouth, aud represents Barnstaple in the House of Co'ii icons in tbe Liberal interest. He is twentv ninc years of age. His brother, the Hon. John Fellowes Wallop, is; private secretary to the Governor of Tasmania. A boat race, which excited e-jusi 3er tb!e in terest, was rowtd on the Port river on Friday week. The crews were: — Filth uf Forth — J. Garter (stroke), J. Koel 3, W. dtokes2, A. F. Ducand (bow), and J. Smith (ens) ; tr2tt8i ewe — F. J. Nixon (stroke), G. Skinner '6, h\ Wadham 2, T. Hopkins (bo-.v), and J. C --kaiau (cox). The course was from No. 1 beacon to the ferry steps. There was a large number of people on the wharf. A good start was made, both crews get ting away together, and for the first 200 yards there was a struggle f.u- .supreaixcy, o :t Carter's crew gradually diviv av.av from tU« others and won by about twel ve leu^tii». Tat weights of the crews were :— Firth of Forth. 5t- stone; Letttiev.e, :'-0 st-nie. Mr. W. Fl^Guijcr acted as starter and judge. It having been d-.i-ided l» prepare threa r-Te=ei tation copies of th.: nim.bpr ,.f rhe '. '?? ''-?» O'atcllc pnW'shea on the last day ,,f tti' rJai.i tl»va eiican:p?Uf nt. tiif-t- h:(.'.-«'u.iv.- '.^?-:: x--t ??:, 'lesttyaiidsKru* !ir f..i'.i';tr.!i.-d fc- tt»^. ii*B '?rs ?p.. .f«W7v.}:oiti tliey an iuu-nlixj. i'i,',-,- .*?-.- fj ' '. piiiiUd «jn whii.; satin -ami smr-t:iuded ^ ? ?'',,--y--a;;-;d^|-^:i«i f:viizv. - JUie . ii.'iiuig,: \- . '-.-vl :\^: U!J»' ..fisatetfar,'' fjsi (ulalo-.!'. ia .red.': I '?-Y^r' iatd jthe ^-.Hiaiuutq- . .-«i ; Uit . ;ii« j»ei' — t-ie - uews ' ?_«isd--? SLdi«i-t?keuJ€'nt;5^iji blue.. The type 'is the rsBie in '«-very p iiticuiar a^s Uiat use3 on the ground, and tU« Gazette is a most credi ♦sb!e x*i-- i«ction. f- pt-cJ:illjr wiien t!;^ ciicusn 6tart«.t under whica it v/a- L-siied ai-a con sidered. Tl:e type and press for the work j were lect free of charge by t'la Advertiser ', proprietors a fact which Ls thankfully acknov.'- j lc-dged in the issue unw under u-itice. Tbe WaHai-oo mines proprietors have re cciitly betu gradually reducing hands at the mine.', f&nd; to-day another batoh of fifty liLtii aie to be di.-charged, and other re ductioLi? niade. Punipiiig operations are t-- be C(-ut;ni:ed to prevent the works being flooded, the beet ' p.tches' worked by contract, and ic other respects the works will b« reduced t» a miuinium. Altogether more than 100 men will be thrown out of employment. M'-st of the uien \\\ ill prubably seek work on the Peters buig line, which it is hoped the Govei-nment will push on as rapidly as possible, as th* vaen aie very anxious to obtain employment before the winter months set in. Some of the older men will doubtless labor on the mines at very low wages, ore-picking, which generally leaiists 10s. a week, whilst others will probably seek relief from the Destitute Board. Messrs. Alfred Catt and Hov.-e, membfi-s for G3ad.-l-;no, waited on the C'«5iuii?-io!ier of Public Works on Monday, and presented a luimrrrial signed by the Mayors of PorS Pirie, Jai .esti-wn, Laura, and GladntcHe. aud c'iair ii^f-n of the IMstric-t Councils of liooyooles, Ge«-igetow-ii, Karridy, Beialif, Calt.iwit-, ajd (';]s-!s-t«=m\ askinff the tiovernmi-nt wh?:i ncminating the mtinbers for the North Mid Iniid E- ad Boai-d, t-- appoint one fi-oin each ci:d of the district --n the new board, iustead of two fit-in the south as at present. The Ct-minis-siouer stated that it had bee;i tiie cuftcm in the psst tn nominate the old mem bers whfu a vacancy occurred, and he hud alrecdy lainiised that the. usual practise should* be followed in tliis ca?e, as the corpura ticnis and district councils had the jtrivileafe i;ow ot chocking the lvinitining iui.*uibws of the beard. Mr. James Bodinuer, who has for the last four auii a half years resided with Air. Caterer as the resident master of Glenelg Grammar ScLooL l;as received an appointment as one of the resident masters of Prince Alfred College. Mr. Buiiuiier was very popular in Gleuelg. He alv. ays nianif etted tlu- most lively interest in sclif.'iai-tic uuattejs, and was very successful in his schoolwork, also taking the lead in and proni-/Lingalhietic-poi-ts. tie was a prominent mt-nibtr of the Congregational Church choir, of viiich church he was also a Sunday-school teac-Ltr, aiid the institute committee are inuch indtbltd to liim for the as.-istaijce he has given them in his efforts to raise funds for the re chsctioii t-f institute debt by in-?ans of concerts. Thu Middeniuws «f hi-^ removal has prevented a ]--i:blic doii:« -lifttratii -n --f sj^Hp-itliy and ivgret iL.-it all GleneJgites feel in losing one of its liii.st vu^fiil cit.ztiis. The Siatf Oflice w.-x^ a scene of bustle and activity oil Friday. A] ail 10, when the aefcing c-'iuiiiaiid.-iiit, Major Jervois, D.A.A.G., at t«i-3tci to tT.iol recruits for the several lrai:-4;-* vf tht- local military force. Seventy irur ni.°n altogether were enrol k-d. A large liV.jfilwr of mcii'.bfK- of the force congregated tuti-iOe tLe Stiiff Office and anxiously dis cn?scfl ti:-e present position of affairs between F.S'glynd find liufhia. Anotht-r enrolment will trhc-jijy take place, ai:d tlsere is not the eiithu^t d.'iibv timt i«* difficulty wiU be (xjeiiujced in gf-tting men. The enrolments oil' Friday v.-e:c- as follow: — Mounted Rifles, 1 : A Faitory, 15 ; B Battery, 11 ; A Company Act-kiilo Eilies. 4; B Company. 2; C Coai I :u y. 5: 1' Gi-nn.-tiiiy. 5; F Company, 0; -j C«-n.pany, 7; K Company, (-; L Company, 2: M Con-pany, 4 — tutal. (58; re-fiirollnd, Adelaide Eiftes/6 ; total, 74 Oii Saturday afttrnoon she Adelaide Rifles Lad an uuprc-ibeditated .sham light without aitn^uijitiou betwetn tbe Grange aud Glenelg. TLe iiist battalion, Uhdtr Major l'inimner and Major Beacb, leprtsented the enemy, aud weie i osteii Ltai- the Eay road. Tlie second battalion, under Major Harrold and Major Stuait. sustained their attack near Locldeys. Scmie sliarp skiimishiug took place between the tivo b&tt;&liuiis.; Siio^equently the kindly feelings of Major-GesM-ral Dnwiies were cou veytd to the njeii by Major Stuart. A portion of 'is Ratteiy, uiider Major Fiveash, had gun diiil at Fort Gianviile. whilst the other half of the battery wre at Largs Fort, where they also had gun drill undtr Lieutenant Dyke. Major Jervois and Colouc-1 Mathews were pietent. Ihe cavalry weiit tluough sword exeit-ite intise aft--rsi-«Mi, and A Battery, under Cs].;tain ?JchoiTibmgk, was engaged iu re anaugiiig dttuchnit-nts, aud overhauling gans and stores. At tlit- i««a-nt JHi.ctuit?, when public attn ticii is diixtted tn Rusciu aud its doings, a sen'oi? of views in the pusse?sion of the Ch.nnber of Manufactures will be found to be of greit in+erest. Some time ago Mr. Adam Adainson, the vice-president, presented the chambsr with a series of tvr*3ve views of Russia and its forts, haibors. and fortifications. Mr. Conigrave has had tbe views numbered, and they are now open for the infppctii-n of the public. The m-st to attract attention will be a paiin ramic vitv.* of the vrhole Russian Em pire, with its physical feateres, moun tains, livers, and seas, all plainly defined. A panoiamic view of the Criiuea, aud views of Sevastopol, its foils and defences, and the siege works of the allied armies will be noticed ; also views of Cronstadt an:1 St. Peteisburg, of Sweaborg, Eupatona, Odessa, and the Gulf of Finland. These indicate that whatever may be the outcome of the present warlike attitude of Russia, she is certainly a great military nation. A petition was presented to the Commis sioner of Crown Lands on Wednesday by Mr. D. Moody, M.P.. from forty-one selectors. The petition set out that in the hundred, of Brownlow there was a scarcity of water for almost the greater portion of the year, and specially during the dry season ; that at Gordon's Wells, in the hun died of Anna, farmers had to wait half days to obtain water, and even then soutetiiaes had to leave without obtaining a supply ; that at Levi's Creek good water extended into the southern part of the Hundred of Brownlow, and one or two wells could be sunk to a low d^jith, and would give an ad ditioL-al supply. The petitioners asked thiit additk'uai wells might be sunk at the i«*ei'vc: on Levi's Creek, on the southern Ixsuudaiy of sections G and 7, in the hundred of P-rownlow. It was stated that none of the st lectors had reaped less than S bushels to the acre. The Commissioner promised to ob tain a report on the subject. The employes of the Advertiser office held their annual wayzgoose at Reynella on Satur day. Alter the band had played a march out which was reached a little before 1 o'clock. Htro the members of the party partook of an excellent dbjutr provided by Host Hillier. Mr. Angel, the overseer of ihe composing-room, cccupiid the chair, and Mr. Clarkson tbe vice chaL*. The health of ' Tlie Proprietors ' was drunk with musical honors, and suitably re^p'nded to by the chairman on behalf of the firm. The toast of 'The Overseers' was similarly honored. 'The Companionship' wak proposed by the chairman, Mv. Fowler responding. Several other toasts were pro posed, includingthe ' Advcrtiscr'Band,' 'Host and Hostess,' aud 'Success to the New South Wales Contingent.' The remaining part of the afternoon was spent in footracing, danc ing, and other sports. The band played several selections of lively music. After tea a start was made for town, which was reached about half -past 9 o'clock, thus bringing to a termination one of the most pleasant outings ever held in connection with the office. Some few weeks ago the disappearance of a mailman namtd George Roberts, in the far north, w-as reported in the Advertiser. Mounted-constable Pan ton, ofliinaniincka, has foiwarded a report dated March 16 to In spector Besley at Port Augusta on the occurrence. He says that on' Marcel 2 Mr. Howie, of Haddon, about forty miles on the Queensland side of the border, reported that Roberts left Haddon on January 5, aud had not since been beard of. He (Mountedcon stable Panton) in company with Mi'. William ?fames, Koberts's employer, went over the country the next day, but could find no traces of the misting man. The immense floods that swept over that part of the country had obuteratid all tracks, aud if Roberts has perished his- body has in all probability beeu carried miles away, as even cattle and horses were unable to resist the force of the Hoods. Roberts* horse .subsequently turned up at the Bluft Station witti only a bell and strap on. The body L mo&t; likely lying in one of the many lakes, which are now all full, and m any case' it will only be found by chance. The property of the deceased will be dealt with by the police. The Adelaide Quartett Verein and their conductor (Herr Winckler), who are about to visit Melbourne to compete in a. musical festival in that city, had an opportunity on Fiiday week of entertaining Herr Julius Herz, the conductor of the Melbourne Metropolitan Liedertafel, who is now on a short visit to Adelaide. This gentleman is not only highly respected by those of his own nationality, but ia one* of the most prominent musi c.-an::. iii Victoria, and greatly esteeui'^d in colonial musical circles generally. The enter taii n;ent on Friday, which was held in the Freemasons' Hall. Flinders- street, took the ft mi of a- 'social.' in which music, tobacco, and lager beer were miugled with sentiment, aud In-arty goodwili extended on all sides to the visit* ?!. A very excellent programme was i-tifmn-.ed by the Quartett Verein and Sipiu.i Squarisf,' Heir Ueimers, Herr Otto Stance, heiren H«iz--nri-eder aud lieiruers, and 1-ioi BilancH. At the coiflusioi; of tiie pitur- tv.«j or lliree »prt-cls»*- Mere aia'lf, aud H«-ii Eijy. ?!-, reply coiigiatuii-i-5i liitr pei -f»:iuei» -'-»? ti.uir jirntiHi- nc.'. . and s-'iir^ ;::fjn ?'tl.ai tl«f.» y.ui ic; Hit-; t tvi!'i wr. c-»i.:ui tl';dt- -'&:.ttui-duti:^ihi-ii -stay iu Si--;b:!uiijt-. . L A' few -weeks agy we meijtif.*ned that stays w«ie'l-eii':g taken by tiie c-ouat-il of thi Iline Volufcteej l\tice of ttiis colony, iu cuiuViuatioa v.itli ihe Nut:nii.-i] Hiflr Ass-noialiiiua of Quseus Luid, Sydney. Victoria, and Tasmania, to se:s- 9 team of riflemen, composed of representatives from the various colonies, to compete at the Jiiiy matchef- at Wimbledon. Our local council took the matter iu hand in a spirited n.anner. and issued circulars on the subject to all parts of the colony asking for support, tl.e cost of sending two m?n from tins colony being estimated at about £iZ0. A few days -sfier the circulars had been issued a telegram from Queensland appeared iu the pa pel's stating that the idea, fiom various causes: would have to be aban doned this year. The principal drawback appeared to be want of time to collect fuads aiid to select a thoroughly representative team. At the meeting of the council held at the Military Club a few days ago the correspon dence calling attention to the abandonment ot ! the scheme was read, but the council decided j t-hht, as despite the impression that had gi-t | abroad that the project had fallen through j they had 170 in hand .md iu prr.mi.ies, tliTjy ' would cfiitinne their present efforts so as to ? en-iire liifn being sent to compete next year. The monthly meeting of the Royal Society v.as heki attho University on Tuesday evening, ' tlir- prc-riJtr-t ; (Pr-ife?s«r Lamb. M.A.) occr.py- ; ing the i-hnir. l'-r. Haacke exhibited spsci- j mens of wliat Le believed to 5je two new species ? of Miiail ii-ht-s f«.und in St. Vincent's Gulf, j The markings on the skin of one of these fish did m-t api^ar t-- coincide with the thoories of Dr. Eiiuer, --i Tiibiugeu, as to the coloring of animals and nshes, the transversal bands being found on the young fish prior to the development of the longitudinal bands. ; He alfo exhibited egg-cases of the ' common ' fiddler,' in which he had found as many as seven or eiglit embryos, au arrangement which distinguished them from all other vertebrates, ' ard especially from the egg-cases of the ray and : shark. 1 he doctor also stated that it was now , jji-ovtd that the Australian sleeping liz-ird wns viviparous, and was therefore the first lizard | which had been shown to bring forth its ; j-oimjf ali\«r. just as the echidna was the first j oviparous inauima-l which had been disuovared. | ]')iii'iiifr tlie course of the evening Dr. Stirling, j M.P., exhibited a number of instruments for ! recoiduigon prepared paper the results of physi j- \ logical experiments on blood- pressure, mu^el?- i cunti-action. &c.; The apparatus, which was pur- j cbssed by Dr. Stirling on behalf of the Univer i sity when he was in England, is «f the latest i description, aud remarkable for perfect work- | mansiiip. - j A case of some interest to persons engaged ' in the cfachijuildiEg trade was hen I'd at thi Ace'aide PoMce Court on Friday week, j v.Leii Mr. E. Weise was sued by W. H. Curtis ? for tei! shflings. the amount of wages alleged j to be uv.e to him. Mr. W. V. Smith appeared t for the prosecution, which it appears was insti- I gated by the Society of Coachmakers. Tlie { cii distances froui which the affair arose were ; thsi-t the ijrnsecutoi- was endeavoring to alter i tlic si-ie-swtep of a shaft «f America-n hickory, which broke in two upon tilt application of j foice. Mr. Woife. thereupon d-;'-iiTet-'d 10s. j frcin the prosec-utur's wages as the value ot j tl'-e shaft. It was asserted by a number of practical coachbuilders that tlie shaft was not a sound piece of timber, owing i to tfce saji having 'perished.' In reply to the j interrogations of Mr. Wadey, who ajipaared ; for tLe defence, they all averred that the sb:.ift should have withstood sheer force, with out any previous apjilicatious of steam or water, it being remarked that, hickory would sometimes bc-nd until the ojiposite ends met. In defence it was alleged that the prosecutor sh*iild have applied water to tlie. shaft before btiiding it, and should also have been lev* I IDt-L-ipitiite in endeavoring to force the wood. At the conclusion of the case, however, the magistrate expressed the opinion that no culpable negligence, hud been proved against tJIi J'l%r-;- VUVVl) ?? 111 'ii^r- V.1M11U *» *JUO *AJ\s\\_\\_'L\JL±U.^3JJ allowed, with coits. Out cablegrams this morning record the dejith of the RiglitHon. George SsvauXottage, Lo)-3 Mayor of London. The deceased gentle um:), who only took office iu Novemtier last, was descended from the Cottages of Nottage, in Glaniorganshii'e, and wasallied by marriage with tl-e ancient Cheshire family of Lsftwiches. His only cliildren are a daughter aud a son, a Cam bridge, honor man, wlio has been called to the bar. The late Lord Mayor was for many years er.gagfd in the great iron business of his uiicle. Sir. I-. W. Kemiard, who represented Kewport in ' the House of Commons, and lie was 3:he founder of the London Steieosfcepie and Photographic Coin pany which, with its agencies iu different parts of the world, has' developed into the largest concern of the kind, and which is fan.i]iar to the public as having given a great inii'.otus to the study of amateur plioto giapby by the establishment of classes for gratuitous instruction in this new and fashionable art. In politics the late Lord Mayor w-as a Liberal, and it was under st«d that 1» intended to euii£e-.l Brighton in the Liberal interest at tlic next elections. He did niiicii to iinpiove and adorn that town, where he. bn-\ large interests, the beautiful building kru.wK as the Orleans Club being, among - tfce;- structures, his property. He ivas one -?!' Ihiiae wlio from modest beginnings built it ji a foituue by a rare combination of business taieut, energy, and honorable iu diisti-y. The general Committee of the South Austra lian SuL;day-!-A;h-iol Union met in the Young Mtivs Christian Association rooms on Mon day evening. The president occupied the chair. The treasurer's . statement of ac counts was laid on the table, as also the report of tbe visiting and extension committee, to the effect that four schools had been visited during the month. The singing visitor reported his visit to a country town iviere the singing had lately improved, and agaiu urged that any particular school desiring it should apply for visitation. The examination committee handed in nominations for examiners at the forth coming scholars' examinations to be held in August, and recommended that the 'Sunday-school Teachers' Manual,' by W. H. Grcser, be obtained and used as a text book. The entertainment committee sub mitted an elaborated scheme for carrying on competitive singing. The literature committee laid a draft prospectus of proposed exhibition of school aids, which was with slight additions agreed to. All the reports were adopted. lir. Stephens reported Good Friday's services as being satisfactory, the receipts covering ex penses. At the suggestion of the general crLxciui* it wcia ucuiucu i/u iurm?u to one sclitols returns of canvass of the city, which are now ready, the remainder to be finished afterwards. . The Bible-reading cards were laid on the table. Kerniode- street Christian school applied for affiliation, and was accepted on the usual teims. The K.MS. Massilia, which arrived from London last week, is a sister boat t-- the Vak- tta. She was built by Caird & Co., at Cietnock, March, 188-1, and is almost a counterpart of the Valetta, except that she has hydraulic cargo gear. She is straight st- njiiitd, barque-rigged, and two-funnelled, arc is 420 feet long with a beam of 45 feet, has a gross tonnage of 4,908, and her effective horse];ovver is 5,000. The Valetta's tonnage is 4,5)11, so that there is some slight dilference between the two boats. The saloon of the Massilia. is au.idships — the whole beam of the shi]: — and has a handsome effect, the sides ai.d ends being lined with polished marble, relieved by pillars of an Oriental design, carved and gilt. Carved pilasters of dark wood support the ceiling, and the seats arc of dark wood artistically carved. The smoking room above is a luxurious apartment, and altogether the appointments of the vessel are of the best description. The Ma-ssilia has been trading to China, and this is her first visit to our waters. Her officers are Captain Shallaid, Lieutenants T. Creery, J. Curvie, W. Haywaid, R. Brigson, S. Roberts, and H.. Llewellyn ; surgeon, F. Falla ; first engineer^ Mr. H. Prior; and purser, Mr. J. Miller. Nearly all of these officers have been to Aus tralia 'before. The Massilia seems to have liad pretty moderate weather from Colombo, which port she left at 11 a.m. on March '30. Amongst the passengers who landed are Viscount and Lady Lyming+on, who were the guests of His Kxc°llency the Governor during the steamer's brief stay. Viscount Lymington is a descendant of Sir Isaac Newton. He was educated at Baliol College. Oxford, where he took the degree of B.A. He is also a D.L. of the county of Wexford, and a member for the House of Commons f or Barnstaple. He is now on his honeymoon trip, having recently married the daughter of Sir J. W. Pease, Bart., the celebrated Quaker, member of Parliament for Durham South, and the 'manufacturing- millionaire.1 A remarkable case was heard in Dublin on February 21. Mr. Waldrou, a solicitor's clerk, sued his next door neighbor, who is a mate in the merchant service, named Kiernan, to re cover i'500 damages for injuries done to his house by, as he alleged, the defendant and his family. Kieman denied the charges, and asserted that Waldron's house was haunted, and that the acts complained of were done by spirits or some person in plaiu titt's place. Evidence for . the plaintitf was to the effect that every night from August, 1884, to January, 1885, his hall door was continually being knocked at and his windows broken by stones which came from tbediiection of the' defendant's yard. Mrs. Wakhon swore that one night she saw one of the panes of glass in the window cut through with a diamond; a white hand was iiiseited through the hole so made in the glass. She caught up a billhook and aimed a blow at the. hand, cutting one of the nngers completely off. The hand was theu Withdrawn ; but, on examining the place, she could find neither the finger nor any traces of blocd. On ianother occasion the servant, hear ii.-g n;ysterit-Us knocking*, fell down with flight, upseKibga pail of water over herself, Mr. Waldron aimed himself . with a rifle 'and lt-volver, and' brought a .detective into the liGiifce, wLile several policemen watched out side. They, however, covjld find nothing. Kiernan 's family, ' on being taxed' '' with ' causing 'the noises, denied such was' the case, and suggested it was the iioik of ghosts, and advised the Wal cisoes to send for a Roman Catholic clergy - nj^n to rid the house of its uncanny occsipsn*-.. A police-constable swore that on? evt-ninir -1-* saw Waldron's servant kick the door with hfr 1 heels about the time the tapping usually e mi- . mencc-d. Chief Justice Morris said the affair suggested the performance of the JJavnipiirt Brothers or Maslcelyne and Cooke. It jvas quite inexplicable fio'm the absence of motive, and x-en^iined shrouded in mysterious uncer- . taiiity. The jury found for the defendant. i A meeting of journeymen 6addlers was hr-ld iu the Bechabite Hall on Wednesday eveniug ? to consider the dispute at present exist ing between the masters and men. All n astc-rs were invited to be present, ' but only three put iu au appear ance. Mr. Wilkinsdi presided, and Mr. J. Clements, the President of the Trades a;id ; Labor Council, was present. A lengthy di.s- ' cussif n took place on the price-list submitted by the men, and some items were considered i too low, wl.ilt- on the other hand the \ n.asti-i-s contended that although they ; v-- re paying the price asked for several | ai tides others were too high. Tlie tible of ] wages was fixed at 43 15s. i*r week for a j *ir.art man, ar.d as low as £2 aud £2 8s. ] for a nu-diinn h:u;d. Nothing however | was dtcided, as the meeting became j so noisy that the cluiinuau was compelled , to adjourn it. Tlie feeling amongst the men j appeared to be th:it the fcale of wages was not ] high encugh, as even a good man would have to work very hard to earn the £2 15s. a week. The excavations at Mr. Fletcher's new graving drek am progressing as satisfactorily as can be expected. A number of men are employed digging out the silt, but while the case against Mr. Fletcher to remove his slip is pending he does not care to go on with the work with that energy which he would otherwise nsanifpst. Tramways are being laid dowu on each side of the dock to carry true:;..-, uiiicii will be used for taking away the silt. T«'o cranes for lifting the silt irom the. excava tions are in course of erection. There, has been a very gitat leakage of water into the dock, and the depth iu some pla:cs was considerable. But the water has been nearly removed by means of the new fiump which was imported tor Mr. Fletcher by Messrs. McLean Bros., Rigg, & Co. It has been erected on the Gianviile side of the dock, and was started to work on Tuesday afternoon, and lias been pumping very smoothly with only two hours' intermission ever since. A hole, 12 feet deep, has been sunk into the bed into which the water drains. A pipe, 10 inches in dianieter, is placed in the bed, and through this t!;e water is raised and carried down a channel at tlie back into the Port liver. Tl:c pi'inip, which is driven by a 21 hcrsp-r.ower engine, can raise 1.500 gallons per AiiKiii. -r, oi;u it/ io tuuujjub biii-iu VYiit7-u vuc uvun i.- -lty)cd of the water the daily leakage can be takei? out by this pump in about two hours. Altti tiie desck has been excavated another 10 ftti tii - p it is coii&ioS; red that the pump will iot 1 -? able to c(-i-o with the large quantity of watf-r tlirt will soak in. and provision has con sc-oui litiy been ii:ade for the erection of another ] 111:1-'. On Wednesday afternoon nearly all tbe water hsrl be™ got out. and by the evening it was exported that rhe whole of the standing v. stler would be taken out. A tramway is bi-i:ig laid down the slope at the back of the deck to carry trucks laden with silt away. The lir.cks will be drawn out by means or a btationaiy trgine. The following dispatch has been received f)f:m the Secretary of State for the colonies (Lord Deiby) by His Excellency the Governor with reference to the offer of troops for service in tlie Soudan made by South Australia: — ' Downing-street, February 24. I had the honor to address you by telegraph on the 20th inttant, in reply to the offer of the Govern ment of South .Australia to supply troops for service in the Soudan, and I have now much pleasure in requesting that you will communi cate to your Ministers this fuller expression of the satisfaction and gratitude with wliich the Queen leceivtd the announcement of the gene rous ai:d patriotic desire of the colony under your Government to furnish a contingent to her army. It would have afforded Her Majesty's Government much gratification if they had been in a position to avail themselves :itorcceof the generous proposals of Victoria, feculli Australia, and Queensland; but iu these cases, as in that of Canada, the probability that the military operations now in progress may be suspended during the hotter mouths of the suuiiner Las precluded the immediate employ ment of any force not actually prepared and equipped, like that tendered by New South Wales. They will, however, consider carefully aiid without delay what anungements may best be made for employing an Australian force at a later period of the year, and 1 am gl&d; to understand that the question of uniting the colonial contingents into one Australian brigade is being considered. This is by ho meaus ihe first occasion on which the Aus tralian colonies have assisted this country by very liberal contributions, but the desire and the power to otfer effective military help in a campaign at K'gi-cat distance from their shores, eif which they have now given such satisfactory proofs, marks a distinct and important ad vance in their political growth. You are already aware that this fresh evidence of the increasing sympathy and affection of the Aus tralian colonies for the mother country has been received throughout Great Britain with deep eirotion and gratification, and it may be confidently hoped that the union which is based upon such sentiments of mutual regard must be close and enduring.' A lecture on ' Tennyson ' was delivered by Professor Boulger in connection with the Adelaide Literary Society at Stow Church ? Lecline-hall on Monday evening, April 18. There was a fair attendance. The Rev. W. E. Fletcher, M.A., presided. The success of the lecture, w-hich, as may well be imagined, was an admirable review of the poet laureate's works, was somewhat marred by the low ton^ of voice sido2-ted by Professor Boulger. In commencing his address the professor com bated the statement of Maeaulay that in a rude state of society we might expect to find the highest poetic perfection. Tennyson, he pointed out, was not popular in the sense that Byron was. The incentive of popularity ',wras as necessary to Bj7ron as tio a great actor, but Tennyson sedulously withdrew himself from the public gaze. In an interesting account of the poet's life the lecturer showed that in Tennyson's earlier poeuis there was but slight premise of the poetic vigor found in his later efforts, and that it was not until 1842 when 'Locksley Hall,' 'The Gardener's Daughter,' and 'The Mort d'Artlmr' were published, 1.l-.:lt. his canine hporan t.n hp VApncmi«-fi Ait amusing description was given of the literary quarrel of Lord Lytton and Tennyson in tlie columns of Pvnch, and selections were then given from 'The Princess' to show how thoroughly artistically Tennyson's work was executed. The iare beauty of 'In Memoriam,' published in the year when Tennyson became poet lau reate, was descanted upon, and reference was made to the spirit of Jingoism manifest in several of tbe poet's efforts. ' The Charge of the Light Brigade' was characterised as a mediocre poem, and a quotation from 'The Battle of Agiucemii,' showed that Tennyson was- open to a charge of plagiarism. ' Maud,' ?;L-cksley Bali,' and ''The, Idylls of the King' were noticed, and Professor Boulger by an ijpt quotation pointed out how Tennyson's genius lose U- high water when he described the lat?t interview between Arthur and Gene viive. In concluding, he said that in bis earlier poe'ins Tennyson had shown that his religions \iews were those of a. hopeful doubter, but as he- grew older more of the hope aud less of the doubter were exemplified. Au interest ing discussion followed the. leetiue, aud a heaily vote- of thanks was accorded t-; Pro fessor BttulgOT. A li-et-ting of the Cawler Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held in the losal institute, on Tuesday. Mr. U. Warren (pre i-ident) occupied the chair, aud there was a fair attendance of members. The hwi. secretary's report for the past year showed the society was out of debt and in a fairly prosperous condition. j\ir. F. C. Fowler had'been appointed secretary iu pjace of Mr. J. Mossop, who had left the town. To remove the society's liabi lity a liquidation fund was started with the result that sufficient donations were received, with »the Government sub sidy of £87 lls. Od. for the shows of 1SS3 ard 1884, to wipe e-ut the debt. Donations of i'10 each from Mr. J. H. Angas and Messrs. J. Martin & Co. were specially acknowledged. At the last show hold on March 19 there was a large number of excellent exhibits with a fair amount of competition. The attendance was- also good, and the results were satisfactory. The credit balance of the society, after paying all liabilities, was esti mattd at £105 2s. 7d. The Gawior Amateur Comedy Company gave a performance in aid of Ihe society's funds, which realised £9 ios. Gd. Subscription books were substituted for guinea tickets aiid were found to be an improvement. The receipts were: — Balance in* hand, £K3s.; (iovMLireiit subsidy, £87 lls. (id.; subscrip tions ai:d donations, £129 13s.; taken at »ate, ~U7 -ie. Cd.; entrance f ees, 623 2s. 6d.; booths, £12 os. Cd.; concert, £U 15s. (id.; total, £331 Id*. Cd. The expenditure was:— Overdraft at bank, paid £77 ICs. 4d.; prizes, £120 13s.; piintin?, &c;, £37 19s. lid.; rents, £IG 12s. (id.; sundry items, £48 2s. 4d. ; cash in hand and bank balance, £40 lls. 3d. Tlu-ie was also an amount due from Govern ment wliich the secretary estimated at £4'J. The balance-sheet and report were adopted, and on the motion of Mr. J. Lindsay, see^ndod by Mr. J. Scoular, the sum of £10 was awaidtd the lion, secretary, as also w-as the feicietv's silver medal for his past services. A vfte of thanks was accorded Messrs. W. Wanen, H. Wilkinson, and E. Potter for a=faiitance on the show day. Mr. J. H. Augos (pation) aud Mr. G. Warren (president) also received the thanks of tlie society. Mr. G. Waii-en was elected president, Mr.' T. C. FoWler hori. secretary, ' and Mi-. C. Cros3 treasurer, whilst Professor Custauce was made' an honorary member. 