MOSQUITOES IN MILLIONS. Some twenty years ago, while living in Vermont, I started to make the journey from Burlington to Canaan, a town in the north-east corner of the state. Although the trip was a business one, I determined to combine pleasure with it, and travel as slowly as I chose, fishing or hunting by the way, I should have to cross two chains of mountains, or rather two spurs of the same chain- the Green -and I knew that I should find trout in all the streams, and perhaps occasionally run across a bear. Leaving the railroad therefore, at St. Albans, I proceeded on foot from that point with rod and gun, fishing the brooks as I advanced, and occasionally spending an afternoon in hunting, until I had crossed the first range of mountains, the valleys of Lake Memphremagog, and had reached the little village of Morgan, which lies at the foot of the second range. The distance between Morgan and Canaan was about twenty miles, and I intended to accomplish it in one day. Nothing of importance occurred to me in crossing the mountains, nor did I meet with a single person until I was far down the valley upon the other side. The climb had been a hard one, and the day was wearing towards dusk when I met a solitary traveller coming from the direction of Canaan. 'Hallo!' I called. 'What's the distance to the town !' Town !' he repeated, in astonishment, gazing at me as though I were I ghost ; what town?' I * Why, Canada, of course, I replied. ' Can I get through to-night ?' Again the man looked at me in a dazed kind of way, and then, suddenly starting, replied 4 No, stranger, no ! You can't got through to-night;' and before I could ask another question he had hurried by me, and was walking rapidly away up the road. ' He must be crazy,' I thought, as I moved on Perhaps, however, he was right, and I cannot get through to-night ; I must make haste ;' and I pushed forward with renewed energy. Just as the sun disappeared behind the mountains, which now lay to the westward I reached a little hill which commanded a line view of the surrounding country, and something less than three miles ahead, close to the shining Course ticub river, I saw, gleaming through the twilight, the white houses of Canaan. ' Tis not so far as I thought,' said I to myself, as my eye. followed the winding road that lay before me ; ' but there are some woods that I must pass before dark, and I'll hurry on ; and with that I began the descent of the hill. About half-way between my point of observation and the village lay a line of woods, apparently a kind of half swamp, through which I must pass ; and I desired to "reach the open country beyond before the night had fairly set in. To this end I walked rapidly along the road, which, was already growing darkish. I had almost reached the wood, when I heard the noise of an approaching waggon, and just at the very edge of the timber I met a man leading a horse, to which was hitched a light lumber waggon. a Good evening, sir,' I remark ya, as he drew near. He stared at me and made no reply. ' . How far do you call it to Canaan ?' ' Are you going through these woods to j Canaan ?' I ' I am sir. Is not this the nearest way I returned. The man laughed a sort of desperate laugh. ' You'll never reach the town this way, he replied. You'll never pass those woods alive ?' ' Good he evens !' I cried, what do you mean ? Are there murderers here ?' ' Millions of them ! MiLlio is ?' he answered, with earnestness. ' Listen ! he added, seizing my arm ; . do you not hear them ?' The night, or evening, was still, and the chirp of the crickets and far-off bark- ing of the farm dogs sounded clear and distinct through the air ; but I could hear nothing more frights us, and I said so, c Don't you hear 'em? Don't you P Try again. They're singing while they wait for you the man continued. ' Listen !' From the depths of the swamps a faint but growing sound now fell upon my ear. It was like the song of a million of bees, only the note was sharper and more shrill, and filled the air until it trembled with the quick vibrations. A sudden thought came to me. ' Mosquitoes !' I cried. I My informant grinned. I I thought you'd hear 'em. Don't try to pass the woods to-night. Come back with me.' ' What ! do you think I am afraid of them ?' I exclaimed, half angrily, turning away. I shall be in Canaan in hair an hour. Good-night,' and without further delay I broke from the grasp of my would be friend and entered the dim shadows of the wood. But even as I disappeared from his view I heard him call after me, with grim humour ( Good-night, an' if you will go, good-bye. I hurried on. I had passed, perhaps, one third of the distance when I became aware that a cloud of the troublesome in sects was following me. I increased my speed ; they flew the faster, and began to sting me. I struck here and there, killing them upon my face and hands-by dozens. Hundreds immediately took their place. The song which the countryman spoke of sounded more clearly each moment in my ears, and the numbers of my assailants increased every instant. It was becoming to say the least, unpleasant. Turning aside for a moment, I cut a leafy branch, and with-it thought to drive the insects from the air about my head. I might as well have tried to drive the air itself away. They settled upon me in swarms, each individual biting as though it was his first and last chance for a meal. I threw aside my branch and ran. My pursuers only sang the louder, and darkened all the road fore me. The sound of their humming drowned the noise of my own footsteps ; they filled my eyes, my ears, my mouth, my nostrils I fought them to breath,, and my hands were covered with my own blood ! My retreat became a rout. I ran with all the speed of which I was capable. I felt myself growing weak, and indescribable horror took possession of me. I shrieked, beating the air with red and dripping hands and my feet flew along the narrow road. Should I never reach the clearing The last five minutes of that fearful race I cannot remember. I never remembered them. All grew dark, and I lost myself, to regain self-possession only when I stumbled against the fence of one of the outlying houses in the town of Canaan. Then partial consciousness returned, and blind, half dead, and moaning with agony, I staggered up the village street and dragged myself into the village inn. A dozen men sat around the bar-room, but as I entered every one sprang to his feet, and a single cry went up from them all He come through the mosquito swamp V It was three days before I could leave my bed, nearly a week before I could leave my room, and for fully two months I retained the scars of my terrible battle. Exchange. 