Air m s g UTTER ^805 XAAMTBAfWA KUJttWBS. ITofcmbw, 1184. fftttN « Cerratrmd***) BeiBBtg of Irf* aflaSrs do not rsgarre to fee tended the Maamtrasna nrarderg. Everybody is faafiiar with the drewffbl gtory. It dbodred the dvffiae3 world, and terabit tie Nwh of ahame to every Irishman who loved IrekfcmL Agrarian mardera were things which, for to, sad, in * condoned—or, at least, bad bo hard words of ceiwnre for the brokenhearted serf who Hew ontthe braaM of the oppress* that outraged human rights under ftecowdtawsflwttwapfed on the first priadpfea of justice. But &at;, ffcrougfc a WW village squabble about sheep- rtealiog, A whole family in the dead hour of the night &<wdd be butehered "without mercy to a pfewMBttnop tratooked for by tb«» who were acquainted with the character of ffceWestern Irish peasant- Xbe tracking of the murderers on that fatal night for a distance of two miles from the moment of their assembling by three men, who seemed providentially to be brought upon the spot; their tale of the circling of the mm rami the doomed cabin, the berating open of the door by *ome of the party, their entrance, and then the shots and frightfnl shrieks; then the flight of the azmfenr deteetives; next morning the finding of tho butchered bodies, and the doga lapping np the blood that flowed from the brains of the murdered girl; the description by the dying boy of the assassins; the arreat of the ten murderera ; the trial in Green-street, Dublin, and the production of two of the assassin* in corroboration of the story of the three Joyces; the conviction of the accrued, the sentence, and then that awful morning in Galway Gaol, when three men, with the rope about their necks, stood trpofi the scaffold, and poor Mylea Joyce, "With the matting of the unseen falling mysteriously upon his ears," proclaimed, before God and man, Ha innocence of the crime for which he waa being hanged ; and then, after two yeaw, the sensational scene in Tourmakeady church, when last Jnly, in presence of the Bishop, the awemWed priest*, and the congregation, one of the accused murderers and approvers eame forward, proclaimed his guilt, and stated that Myles Joyce waa innocent, that font men still in gaol were innocent, that under threat of Mag hanged from Mr. George Bolton he waa forced to swear falsely, and that the teal nnrderers were still at large; then the heatileM condnct of Earl Spencer, the Investigations of Mr. Harrington, the debate in Parliament, the complete conviction of Spenoer and the scoundrels of Dublin Castle, j and the startling revelations that are still to ootne to light — all combine to form the most extraordinary picture and thrilling story of tnodern limes; in fact, were it not lot the positive proofs of reality, one might be inclined to class it among Edgar Poe'a Un- I tales of mystery and imagination. fortunately, the tragedy Mid its accessories happen to be true. From my situation and relation! with the j>»bple of this wild district, I happen to be in thepoaltion of getting information that will enable me to place all the cinromstanoea •acurstely before my readers. ., Mr. Harrington baa thrown himself heart and eoulluto the cue. Anyone who knows the trirtwojir of Mr. Harrington knows what that meana. He loves Ireland, but I think it Is-only second to bis hate for tbe ofilaiala of Dublin Castle. In tbelitah jpartyeaoh individual has his peanUar-glfte. Harrington's U the masting and grouping of facts in the way that they tarry mWtooMtation. ThU he has done to ftVj^fol^ffifofcii» much to that each lact U an aoouilng epirit for Earl Spenoer and Jib imotaa satellites. appfllfaii! ttoreappalUugstiil .wefe'tlia^^j^^ IfoeOsetlestoopBdiusorder to oompaw a cop- *ldtttm. ImttoWft or guttfcy, tiwy>we» deter- M&a; wti a lurid light on tlieiir purpote. case promim lo '^biit^lftentons in modern lrish ^iisljory. .jrfllbsotriUl'MDB^uepoe, , of Able, letteriin Mf lately tnay not bkve " iSStrtSian Ptew. 1 I «m r.rifuid^r ^ wffi be on the Jtaa^rsHM tr^edy; ssd aa one who aasfeted m 0» «Be««« o* fte evSaenee wifrh Mr- Hamagton feeaed Ms craehu^ indictmart I>o®Bn may safely h<qx» to facts of the am. The np of " the Kasmtra«na mnzdsr' waa <Ibsmas Gaaey. He waa one 0< th« mnrdereES on the fatal nigh^ aad daring fee trials in the Green-street CororthMJee tomad ftwsen's evidence." Last Jnly the Archbishop of Toam held cocfirmatioo is the Church of Toermakeady, m the pariah of Partry. The boOding waa crowded with the peasantry from the gfens tad monntaina of that wild regit® ; the assembled clergy of the Deanery of Baffinrobe were present. After the Archbishop gave bis Qgoal dfesoorae, and while preparing in the tacriaty to adminiater the Sacrament, Casey came in. The ArchbiAop being oeenpied at the time, Cage-y began to tell gome of the priests the business he was on. They were horrified to hear that be was forced to give fafee evidence to hang Mylea Joyce. When hia Grace heard the dreadful tale he, too, was atasned. Caeey said be came to make reparation for the wrongs he had committed against innocent men, to dear his conscience, and make his peace with God. Fi. Corbett, Case/a pariah priest, suggested that tbe reparation he made in public before tbe congregation; the Archbfehop acquiesced m this; wed then, in front of tbe assembled parishioners, comprising friends of the executed men and the men in penal servitude, Casey unfolded hia dreadful atory. He told how he waa one of the murderers ; how be left his home at nightfall and crossed the mountains for aix miles till be arrived at tbe scene of the butchery; then he told that there waa no truth in the story of the three Joyces who aware they tracked the murderers; then he described how he waa seduced by George Bolton, Crown solicitor, into giving evidence, when a prisoner in KQmainham; how he was locked np in a yard with Philbin that they might make their stories agree; bow he volunteered to give the truth of the whole case, and how Bolton Mid he didn't want that, and that unless hia evidence agreed with that of the Joyoea and' Philbin be would be "hanged aa core as small applesthen be related how again on the morning of tbe trial, when the eases were actually going on, Bolton sent for him, and told him be bad only twenty n inutes to save his seek and to Bay ye* or no if he waa going to make a statement agreeing with the Joycea; then, through terror of death, he yielded, and swore tbe evidence he knew to be false, tbat George Bolton knew to be falae, and which swung poor Mylea Joyce into eternity. These statements produced an erfraordinary sensation, not merely in tbe locality, but throughout the United Kingdom. Anthony Philbin, the other approver, who bore the same false testimony at tbe trials as Casey, though admitting hewm not at the murder at all, refu-«ed to come forward in the same public manner. All the papers took up the question. The Freeman* Journal tmnt down 'apeciala"who "interviewed" Casey, and on , each occasion something more startling than before eame to light. Parliament was on the eve of rising for the session, but the Irish members lost not a moment in bringing the revelations of Casey in the Church of Tounn akeady before " tbe Honse." The Govmrinint^eoogniaed tbe gravity of the situation^ f<"» in truth, grave issues were involved^' and the Marquis of Hariiiigton, Secretary tor War, on the part of hii colleaguee protniaal an inquiry if the Archbishop of Tnam brought tbe matter officially under the notioe of the responsible head of the Eitecutite ii Ittlatid, Earl (Spencer. He Atobbi&op; &d; After' (fortnight the Lord jUeutenat through his secretary, & fiplied held aa inquiry) - te»\ evidence given tit lie ta^/ttdj wnclnded >te& the by' ' saying the statements «f ' isqr and Philbin were unreUable, ait&lhat; ^ rcbuldn't interfere with the odium of thelajr remonstrance to this docuOi»bt, i *a|ttig * {tublio inquhgp ahonld l» xfpf* ingtaf}n*; -«in»' solemn obligations of asl^o^jarijL whdle inn 'Bart Spenoer's oard ln aqfly ift thit'tie -is*" r ip . falpmft J5by we-e the inertefaafc* oSdab; they were alao jndge and jory, «iMM and accused, and they very naturally and very prt^eriy brought in * verdict of "not gnOsy." Mr. Harrrngton then wrote a letter in the Freeman, and tow to shreds the argument* put forward by Earl Spencer for rehiring an inquiry. Mr. Harrington, long before this, was deeply interested in the matter, aa he had been s prisoner in Gal way Gad a few weeks after the execution of Mylea Joyce. Again and again in the House of Commons he called for lite production of the dying depositions of the two men who ware executed with Mylea Joyce, aad which declared the innocence of the latter. So filled was he with the subject tbat he could scarcely speak of anything else, and Parnell humorously called him "Mylea Joyce's Ghost." At this time Fr. MacDonnell, the curate of Tonzmakeady, happened to be id Ihiblin, and on behalf of Fr. Corbett, of Parlry, his pariah priest, and himself, invited Mr. Harrington down to the district, promising to provide facilities for hia investigating the case upon the spot. The result of Mr. Harrington's tour throngh the monntaina of Partry was the collection of most startling evidence. Great as was the sensation created by the revelations of Casey in Tourmakeady Church, it waa surpassed by that with which Harrington's letters were received as they appeared day by day, with their array of damning faets for Dublin Castle. The climax was reached by his discovery of the " Crown Brief for the Maamtrasna Morders." It revealed evidence that proved Earl Spencer and his officials to be guilty of tbe foulest j adicial murder of modern times. Such a strong case did the Irish party find they had against the Irish Executive that Healy and William O'Brien came down specially to Maamtrasna to see for themselves ; and so hard-pressed did the people of Dublin Castle feel, that Walker, the Solicitor-General, oame down in disguise to Maamtrasna under the name of Wheeler, and, in company with the three Joyoes, " the independent witnesses," walked the route which they said they took the night of the murder. On the 24th of October last Parliament waa summoned to consider the giving of the franchise to two additional milliona of tbe people; bnt the Queen's Speech was scarcely read when Harrington moved as an amendment that there fhould be an inquiry into " the Maamtrasna murders." For four days the battle raged round tbia amendment. Tbe prominent men of the different parties spoke. Mr. Charles Rupee], one of Gladstone's staanchest friends, made the moat «rnshing speech of the whole debate; he literally pulverised the defences of the Government. Gladstone, Trevelyan, Sir William Harcourt and the Solicitor- General strove to back np the aotion of Dublin Castle in the case. Bat their efforts only excited the contempt of every honest mind that studied the facta of tbe indiotment. Daring the debate Gladstone was in constant telegraphic communication with Earl Spencer. He felt the strength and truth of tbe case put forward by the Irish party, and aaked Spencer to agree to an inquiry, but Spencer telegraphed that if it was ranted he would resign. In view of grave party issues, Gladstone couldn't afford to lose penoer at tha time, and so against his better udgment be voted against an inquiry, and Harrington's amendment was defeated. But the victory was a Pyrrhic one; everybody felt that £he teal victory was on the Irish side. Harrington said to me :— "Ton see I have boon defeated, bnt I am' ore you will sot think I am yet conquered. The * division' was <mly|a nominal -victory for Spenoer—the real victory has been mine, i The inquiry is m euro to come as light followa darkneBS. They were not able to tourih a single point of my case, or draw attentilm: tpa dngle inaccuracy." . ; ' The action of tbe Government in refusing an inquiry in a case of such proved tntoibial injustioe on the«part of the <3sstid «ttetod county. At numbers of representative boards taad (iopjalar gtaMtttings -B^olntions were passed exprearing the jtiaaaWsfartion of yiijj^iiil of representaUveeof die IriahpaopleJor «n inqalry iato fldsextraordinaty«ase. - V ^ • • • Bo tte matter itanfts bow. Bat Kr. Hat tln^ton ppotming .^pjfir M g k g i t w w u l M w b h ^ . and tbe longer 8pa>oer Maya the zsfaMtd the innocent mm bow in frlsoB tfca wt^ case he will Ban to face in tbe ml priesta of Partly have invited 3b. If— ton down again, and during the holidays he will resmae Ms inqnirf^ ^ Moont Partry wad Maamfeaana. PVoin aK ^oraufias lii tty jon^i I av quite confident tbe ease wQI be ^ moet crushing blow which the Govcriiaest has received for the last fifty ysM. , ^ very day I bad id interview with An^^ Philbin. K may be remembered he was tsi oftbe mm who was not at the auudat, brt, being implicated by the Joyoes, svon ha was, in order to save his life. He was first, too, that mentjoned Myks Joyce ^ being one of flie men iriu> broke in the dot* and perpetrated the murders. Hp tothhl* has admitted nothing, except that ha wun't present at the murder. He is severely bitt«r on Goorge Bolton. In my next [letter I may bejensMed to reveal something from Anthony Philtxg which hasn't appeared jet. I shall also detail ^how the Joyces framed their itorj, which deceived the most acute minds; anl shall describe the district, uid how tii* people of the place regard the matter. What I have written is an outline of situation. The case is of national importance, and the Government feel that. I wiQ not suppress anything, even though it may tell against the character of roar peasantry; but its palliation shall be found in that wicked landlordism that has spread its blighting influence over many Irish hearts and hootM, 