ttov&fet.; . i. ' i HIS ONI MISTAKE. CHAPTER LZIV.—(CoRrnnjED.) By BERTHA M OLAY. She knew that Lady Legard, in her mild way, would distil this information through the house, and so all trouble would be saved. 'While the two gentlemen whom she had left together stood looking at each other. -" It is asorry ease," said the earl—" a ebrry .'ending to all the bright and pleasant hopes ibat- jour mpther had formed for you. My boy, howoouM yon mistake so greatly ? Yon hate eat yourself ofl from twmore, dimost, than II yon were dead." " Xvknow it," he replied;" and looking back, ! tefcyou quite honestly that I cannot thinkhoW I did it. It was a piece of boyish, Qaixotfo lolly; I never theoght of the oenr.Bqnences; 1 never thought of what wo old happen, i seemed to remember nothing bat ^ftoe fact . that Ibad persuaded the,girl to go ; ' " and that through me, she was at that . our ofnie^twithoath'ome or shelter." "Bat there,were ahundred otherways and *" • eans 1 '!;eried tbe«arl.- " Honebf themoocurred to me," said Lord Carsdale. 1 do not excuse myself in the leas£; I have not one word topay. You are . very Jahgiy, father ?" . ." Yes; l am more disappointed than angry, ^thought sb muoh of yoa; I had built perhaps extravagant hopes over yoa, for ~ love yda." -- ; Lpxd Oarsdale sighed deeply. . -• *' Shall we pah in anger, father ? " he asked. f l We-have never had mankind word—wHl yog net be a little merclfal to me now ? " "I cannot," said tine&rl;,withalftwmoan, fu o! eudden pain—" I cannot, for you have destroyed my Jife 1" And these werethe last words that passedbetween them for many years. CHAPTER LXV. Jl koble woman's ADV1CB. " I do not know/' said Lord Oarsdale," how I have eommcned courage to tell yon the •troth. I can never hope that yoa will forgive me." -, He was sitting with Lady Ethel under one ' of the gvest spreading oaks in the park. He ' Had asked her to come oat with him, as he had eomothi^yery particular to say to her. One look at TO.troubled, haggard face told her the words^ere not idle ones, and, without any reply,°ine pat on her hat and mantle, and went with him. How he told her the etory he never knew. The words left his lips, bat he seemed to have lost all control over them. The only thing that he semembered very clearly was (hat some late roses were blooming bear them, and that, to the end of his life, the odour of a rose made his very heart sick and faint. " I have Nothing to forgive," eaid Lady Ethel "I have long since felt quite sore that there was a secret of some kind or other in yonr life. I knew fha\ yoa Ibved me when yoa met me here five years ago; but, Lord Caredale, I do not understand why yon asked me that question a few days since. If yoa ' were married at tfiat time, hew oould yoa want to know whether I loved, yoa or Hot? " He told her what he had intended, and she shrank from him as she listened. " That would have been wrong," she said, ) " and if yon had asked me,' I sheald have told you-ao. Onoe a marriage, always a marriage ' —nothing can change it. Even if yoa had . - legally and lawfully obtained that separation, ? and If I had been told the troth, I should have .. refused to marry you." Ethel 1 " he cried, reproachfully. >' I am shaking the plain truth," she said. \- 1 " I have lay owztideas ot right and wrong; nothing could change them." "I wish," he said humbly, that yoa woald tell me just what yoa think ot my conduct, without the least fear—will you, Ethel ? " Sheiaised her beautiful feoe to his, and he saw how pale it was; his heart §mote him as h6 looked at her. "I will tell yoa," she said, " just what I Aiink. ^ Your admiration of ft pretty and gentle girl was'slmple enoagh; the firstwrong step was4n speaking to her ; yoa had no right to dQ|t-f«hie was not^of your station or your cla&s;, anH no good could come of any acquaintance between yon; the second wrong step was in asking her to go oat with you; still, your motive was. you say, kindnesB, yet it was most dreadfully imprudent. Of your marriage, I can "only say that it was a QaixoticfoHy; loan understand s, though, «rd i^ sorae measure forgive it; it was the rae^impulee of a rash bt^—the quickest ^but mo^ fatal way obt of a difficulty. Will yoa forgive me, if I say that your marriage seems to me far less culpable than the silence that followed -it. You ask me to dissect your conduct, and I do so. Why did yon not bold!jr.own what yoa had done ? I make all aQovppce. ,^You did not like to grieve your parewkj^yet jou bave been obliged to grieve them>M:,'the ;end. Too wer^oaataoas on aocoain- of the C*ake of, Olaverdon; his love lor sister muet jiave been very weak if it could<^t«taad'thiE(ii sti»in x>n it. It seems to me?Btbat r-your -s3ence was weak and tbd," fie «ried," spare me! ,Ve asked ae tot the truth," she maVlell you that or nothing. it M art some time." • ' M eaid. "Go on, EtheL". I'The^J tluBk next, that yon did wrong over me, very wrong. I was young when I met you here, and yoa sought me. -Why did yoa do that, knowing that yoa were married? True, yoa jlid not perhaps what tbe wort& calls make love to me, hat yoa were Hke my shadow, and yoa mast have eeen that I was learning to care for yoa." " Ethel, v he cried, hurriedly. "Itell you, though the words cover me - with shame, 1 loved you so madly that I never hardly thought of my marriage; Idyl sot realise it." . "It was a cruel wrong to me," she said* with gentle dignify, " very orael." 4 1 Will yoa forgive me, Bthel?" he askeS, -sadly. " I can never forgive myself. " Yes, I forgive yoa; but all my life I shall have to suffer for your folly. Lord GarsdaSe, people say that pradenoe is a prim, prosaic virtue. Look at the desolation and the Buffering brought inte so many lives, then say if gradenoe be not the virtue of kings." " I eee it," he said, gravely. Her face lightened and brightened through all its pallor. "That is what I think of yoa," she said. n I have told you the worat; now let me comfort you by say&g; that I do not think yoa have been guilty of any great sin—imprudenoe is not always a sin-, bat while I speak mo of yoa, tell me ha what words I am to speak of that glorioas, that noble woman, yoar wife? She is beyond praise, and I think of her with my heartwarm and my eyes fall of tears. Think what she has caSered. $et how brave, how noble, how courageous she is.. She must have felt that, quite unoensoondy, I was her rival. 'Set she was always ready to help me—to invent pretty dresses for me. I declare to 70a tbatl never qpoe saw an impatient look on her face: and, oh, Lord (Darsdale, do yoa remember tha^ evening when my dress was disarranged, and she knelt down to Btitoh it ? I understand yoar impatienoe now. There is no one like her in the world—not one. Think," she continued, "of her patient love, imagine her silence under all those false aceaaatraBS. Lord Oarsdale, you may thank Heaven that yoa have found so good a wife.. Yoar imprudence in this case has turned out a blewing to yoa. I consider Atiie, as yea call her, one of the most noble and perfect women I have ever seen." - " Tbank yoa for speaking sojkindly of l|er, Ethel," he replied. " I know it all, and more. Of her beauty there oannot be two questions; one only sees such a face in a life-time. Yoa have every reason to be groad of yoar wife, Lord Oarsdale." % " Heaven bless yoa, Ethel, yoa firei a trne friend," he replied. " Now yoa have made the wound, give me the care. . Yoa tell me very frankly in what I have done wrong. Now tell me how I can best set about making that wrong right." . She mased gravely for some minutes^then she looked earnestly at him. " Are yoa rpady to follow the advice that I shall give yoa," she asked, "even though it be in some measure painful? " "Yes, I am quite willing, Ethel; I promise it,"" he replied, gravely; and she knew that he would keep niis w'ord. ' . «• Then I will tell yen what I think, Lord Oarsdale, and how it is best for you to make the wrong right. Your fkBt duty is now to yoar wife—to follow her; to find her, to atone to her for all that shie has eoSsrad; to be a true, good, kind, loving husband to her; to make seme «ioe home fax her abroad for soime yeans, and: then, if possible, to seek a reconciliation with your parents vJ do not think they will refuse it." "I will obey yoa, Ethel, implicitly," he said. " Yoa "will let use write to yoa sometimes t. Home I know will be olesed against me, and I am pledged not-to tell my secret to my sister." » Yes, yoa may write:.at times," she replied, "And, EthBl, tell me that yoa forgive me. Give me some hope that in yoar thou^its yoa will not dsspise me." " No," she replied, simply. M I have liked you too much for that." "Tell me fhat I have not spoiled yoar life," he said; " that in the farare yoa will be happy; tell me that, Ethel!" •She shook her beaatifal head gravely. "It woald be idle to pretend that I do not suffer. Lord Oarsdale, I do ; bat I hope, please God, my life -is not all spoiled.. Yoa have gone the quietest way to work by -disenchanting me, by letting me see that you ootid be w6ak enoagh to keep a secret, and let a woman suffer for it. I know that l Bhall be unhappy for a time, bat I hope to forget all about it, and meet—with—a truer love." "Do yoa mean that, Ethel?" he asked, half sadly; "do yoa know " She held sp her white, jewelled hand, with a charming gesture. f "Yoa are going to talk nonsense again," she eaid," and I will not listen. If yon wish w to show your esteem for me, obey me promptly." ^ " I intend doing so," he said. w "Afterall that has happened," she eon tinned, " it would, be quite impossible for yoa and me to remain in the same house. We mast study appearances ; they mast be kept op, no matter what goes wrong, and I tmnk-it best for you to go at once, and I will remain; women have more eelf-control thap men. I can talk, sing, and laagh, where yoa woald break down." "I have arranged te go at once," he said, "I shall not see my father or mother again. I leave soon after npon—and, Ethel, Ethel 1 when shall I see yoa, or the dear old home, or the old home faces again ? " "When it shall, please Heaven," she replied, reverently. 1 Tell me, Lord Garsdale, 1 where do ypu think Ailie has gone ? " " I can form no idea, bat I shall find her," he replied. " That is right—that is earnest; now let ns say good-bye. I-mast go back to Lady Gertrude ; she is-waiting for me." Hie sat quite still for a'few minutes, then be said: " Good-by, Ethel j may Heaven bless yoa with cveiyblessing.!" He had that white hand as though he woald Sever let it go. -. He intended to do right. + He .regretted all the folly ahdlmpradence!hQ-hSd been gtilty of, bat he was parting for eve* with the woman that he loved, and might never see again. Those who have seen the face of the woman they love, yet dare not tpacs it—those who have listened to the voice they loved, yet dared not speak, may tell what he endured. He saw the beaatifal, brilliant face grow- pal^r and paler. She raised her lovely eyes to him. 7* My strength is failing, Xord Caredale," she said. " I must go;" arid the next minute she had passed oat ef sight. " I must live it down," she said to herself twenty times over, " I must live it down, have my life before me." ~~ Lord Carsdale, after that farewell, did not re-enter the house. He walked to the station, intending to go to London that' day; his boxes and trm&s; woald be sent after him. Ab he Btood in the -station it oocarred to him thathe-had not the least idea where Ailie really .was. She might have gone home, but he did not think it likely. He inquired of the clerk in ,the booking-oifiee, who remembered one of the Boseneath footmen parchasinga first-class ticket for London. Then she had gone to London. What woald she do there? -.On arriving in London, he went at onee to the L&Dgham;, rind then it occurred to Mm that lu should have more difficulty than he had anticipated in discovering where Ailie had taken reluge. ~ CHAPTER LXVI. THB WHITE-FACED LADJ. " Then you have not seen Ailie for some time?" asked Lord Carsdale of Rjse Dsrwent. And the answer wae, " No." He had made all the search possible in London for his young wife, but could get no tidings of her. They remembered her at the London Bridge Hotel; and Patty, the kindly chamber-maid, when Bhe Keard of inquiries being made tfbout a young lady, told at ones all that she had thought and suspected. Lord Carsdale talked to her himself., and described Ailie exactly ta hgr. . -."ThaOs the lady 1" cried the girl. "And you have no idea where she went?" asked Lord Cirsdale. "She mentioned no town, no pla<^?" " No," replied the chamber-maid, none." So there his clew ended. Naturally enough his next visit was to RodesweU, to see if Ailie bad reached home. This time he was so engrossed with anxiety that he quite forgot te note that which beforehand had so disgusted him—the dull street, the gloomy house, the evidence of poverty. He though only of finding Ailie, and atoning to her for whaft she sunered; her heroism had been so~great that, in hiB eyes, it ennobled even the most common-place surroundings. As a n^atter of course, the whole family were astonished to see him, and still more astounded at what he had to tell them; for he would have no more conceabne&t;, and, sending for the dancing-master and his astonished wife, he told the troth about his name, his title, and position. "At the same time,'' he said, " I must tell yoa qaite fairly that my marriage cuts me off entirely from my family forever. It has been kept a secret from them all these years; now they know, it, and I have bidden them farewell forever." John Derwent and his wife were both overoome. " To think," said John, " that such a thing should happen." "To think," cried Mrs. Darwent, " that my daughter should be a lady of title." They'were both speechless after that one remark. " Of coarse/' oontinaed Lord Car&dale;, " now that my marriage is known, I. should like to see yoa in a different position. I have influential friends, and I do not doubt in the least but that I can procure for you some little office under government, besides which I frill settle a yearly income on you more than equivalent to . that which you now earn. I shall have to trust to your good sense entirely never to mention my family or speak of them in any way, as it would lead Co more harm than good." John Derwent and his wife were both overwhelmed—they eoald say nothing. Then he made inquiries about'Frank, and learned that hie gave promise, some day or other, of being a superb engineer. " t consider Frank's fortune made, sir," said John perwent,gratefully; " and I have yoa to thank for it. my lord—no one elsp. M Then Lord Oarsdale had to listen to the story of Rose'* engagement to the young carate; and, looking at the girl's sweet face, he did not wonder at her marrying well. Then Hettie looked up at him with one of her frank, ^ strange smiles. - "I am not one of the genteel members of the family," she said,." and I* am not provided for, bat I tell yoa one thing, Lord Carsdale, I woald not many a loBd/'as poor Ailie has done, without he loved me better than yen loved her." s " Too are right, Eettie. I do not excuse myself, bat I will atone in the future for the errors of the paBt." He woald not alarm them by telling them that he had so completely lest all trace of Ailie; he let them believe there had been some mistake about their travelling. He fonnd from his inquiries that none of them had.any idea of Ailie's whereabouts. He went away as soon as he could, having bat the one idtia of finding her. The surprise, the wonder, the bewilderment that fell spon that little household I Ailie, their beaatifal Ailie, had married a lord I Mrs. Derwent rocked fierself pathetically to and fro, wiping the great tears from her eyes. " I always eaid that Ailie was no common kind of girl," she said, " bat none woald believe me." The dancing-masterl ooked at his fiddle. " You and I part now,!'Tie said; " but yon have been a true friend to me." The secret was imparted, under all possible vows of eeorecy, ,to the carate, who mentally congratulated himself on having made a good match. Visions of a good living, presented to him by his brother-in-law, Lord Carsdale, loated across his mind. In the meantime, Lord Oarsdale himself as qaite at a loss'where to look. It was wonderful how one illusion after another drew him from place to place. Sometimes it as the story of a lady foand drowned in the depths of some swift, deep river; again it was the body of a lady washed ashore ; it was an unknown lady killed in a railway accident; or it was the history of a mysterious death. Wherever he heard or read anything of the kind, he went at onee; but, neither living nor dead, could he find any trace of Ailie. It was a railway accident that drew his attention to Fernbay—an excureion train had come in collision with a heavy goods train, the resHlt of which was the death of seme twenty passengers and the injury of some twenty others. It was nobody's fault— qaite an. accident, the servants of the company declared—one that ho human intelli-* genoe could have forseen. Among the list of of the dead came a description of a lady unknown. She was described as very beautiful, wit& long geldec hair; and when Lord Carsdale read it, his heart grew faint. /He forget how many beaatifal women with golden hair there are in the world, and he went direct to Fernbajr.^ ' It was not AiKe. "B afore he reached there the golden-iiaired lady had been recognized by a husband, who was driven mad by her untimely death. Still, Lord Carsdale resolved apoh staying: there; it was a pretty place, and he had a pltiaeaiit -memory of the one happy day 4hat he had spent with Ailie there. He wght to the same hotel where she had been so. fall - of pretty, innocent wonder and surprise. They did not recognize him there. Later on that evening he walked down to the beach; it was a carious place—quaint, eld-fashioned, and, at times, very solitary. He walked past the pier, where the band was " discoursing eloquent music," down by the cliffs, and stood there looking at an old, ruined jetty that ran ont into the sea. It was a quiet, desolate place; there was no sound of music, no gay promenaaers, no Children at play. There lay thfe blue sea'; the white cliffs sloped down te it, and from the shingle the black, ruined jetty ran out far and wide into the sea. Such a quaint, solitary Ecene had not met his eyes for years. Se stood watching it, wondering how that old jetty would look under a darkening 6ky, with great, dark waves leaping over it-; and as he so £tood, there came to him an old coast-guard, who toached his cap and began to talk. . That jetty, he said, had been for years and years out of .repair; it was never used now, In times long pSat, qsee&s; and kings had landed on it; bnt now it was given up to ghost. (2b be eenttmitd.) 