ECHOES OF MELJJOURlNVE. (BY TirE GHoSr.) Everything in Parliament now betokens the beginning of the end. Whether the end achievedin in accordance with the Ministerial promises indulged in when the Legislative business of the country was begun in June lost is now hardly a moot point, for even the mpst ardent Govern. ment supporter must admit that by far the larger portion of the " domestic" legisla tion promised has been shelved, and that much inthe direction of making Victorians, by act of Parliament, the most virtuous community under the sun still remains to be accomplished. The Assembly, having wasted time in the most approved fashion, is now endeavouring to make up its lee way by meeting at 2 p.m. on two days of the week. 1But there is as yet no subsi dence of the flood of talk, and if the re mainder of the measures on the notice paper are not to figure in the list of mas sacred innocents, sacrificed' to the Moloch of loquacity at the termination of every session, honourable memubers will have to exercise "tthe great talent of silence," which the astute Prince Metternich hIos pronounced to be the greatest of all states manlike qualities, and without opening their morths' act in accordance with the remainder of the wire injunction requiring trustful persons to shut their eyes and see what Providence (in the shape of the _ Service-Berry Ministry) will send them. And in sooth there wili not be much to swallow. The sensible amendment introduced by the Council in the Licensing Act will, as a matter of course, be assented to, and, per haps, in view of the direct interest the Chief Secretory has in the measure, the Electoral Act Amendment Bill placed on the statute book. But the Administration of Justice Bill, the Shipping Bill, and one. or two other bills which have for some time past appeared on the notice paper will be relegated to n 'future Parliament, having for the nonce served their purpose as legis lative dummies. There is evidently so much disinclination on the part of honour able members to approach the question of the reciprocity treaty with Tasmania, that it will not be a matter of much surprile if the first step towards a real federation of the Australian colonies is aIso allowed to lapse. It will be a matter for deep regret if the fruitgrowers of the colony-whose industry is the only one that can by any possibility be interfered with adversely by the reciprocity treaty-are successful in coercing " country members " into in juring the remainder of the producers of Victoria, and adopting their narrow, short sighted, and certainly mistaken notion in regard to the effect of the proposed legislation on the question. The Victorian community have, on more than one occasion, had reason to thank Heaven there was an Upper House to re view the decisions of the Assembly. The boot is apparently about to be transferred to the other leg, and honest people may have to thank their lucky stars we have an Assembly to keep the 'Council in check. The measure entitled the Bills of Lading Act may shortly be described as an act passed for the purpose of legalising fraud. It provides that captains of vessels shall be empowered to sign bills of hiding for goods not actually under their control ; fraudu lent receipts, which are to enable the mer chants in whose warehouses the goods may be lying, to obtain advances from the banks previously to their shipment. To Mr. James Balfour, who has been hitherto looked up to as the embed irmrent of morality, and ranks high in the Presbyterian saintly calendar, is the chief credit of passing the bill due. In the interests of common honesty and fair dealing, it is to be hoped the Assembly will make short work of the Hearn-cum-Balfour legislative bantling, directly it is presented to their notice. The prevailing practice may be, and no doubt is, common. But, because a decidedly illegal state of affairs has hitherto existed, and has been winked at by "merchants, bankers, and others," there is no reason I why a manifest fraud should be legalised. i Teetotalers may take heart of grace. It son hardly be said that during the present j Parliamentary session they have been in their element. The talk, owing to the in troduction of the Amending Licensing Bill, has been largely of grog and its surround ings. Mr. Service has promised to change all this (" next session," so he promised a deputation "an amended water conserva tion act would form the piece de resistance of the Government." The Premier has evidently-being enabled, as he showed himself, to lay the French language under contribution to express his sentiments devoted some attention to the subject. If the disembodied spirits of deceased legis lators are ever present at Ministerial depu tations, how the ghost of Hugh M'Coll must have rejoiced at the approval of the head of the Government of a scheme sub mitted by a member of three Councils in the northern portion of the colony, for a canal connecting the Goulburn, Campaspe, Lodden, and Avoca rivers! Verily "the whirligig of time " has not been slow in bringing round its own revenges. If mat ters progress at the present rate it will not be long ere the great North- Western canal projected by the late member for Nandu rang, and sneered at as the emanation of a visionary's brain, becomes an accomplished fact. If the publie were at all disposed to be surprised at anything done by the Presby terian Assembly of Victoria, there would assuredly be exhibited some little astonish ment at the resolution arrived at a few days since to raise a "jubilee" fund during the present year. A period during which a church is undergoing a process of disrup tion is hardly the most fitting time to select for asking its adherents to open their hearts and their purses. The selection also as treasurer of so violent a partisan as the 11ev, D. D.tM'Eachern' has shown himself to be during the whole of the Scots Church controversy is hardly a judicious one. People all the world over, even if they do not happen to hail from the '.' land of mountain and of flood,";are always but too ready to jump at any excuse for bittoniug sip their pockete. The dirties of treosurier are not likely to prove of a very snerous nature, W~iths large portions of the Australian continent still unexplored, it is onssrredly somewhrotstrangethratapraposition tofitout an expedition for the purpose of visiting tire Antarctic regions should receive suprport. Yet there are nusrbera of people swho 'are irn possession of all their senses, whls ace desirous of sending 'a vessel fully equippred, and prepared to sndertake tim voyage to the unkunwo great southern land, and penetrate to the Southr Pole, Supposing the expedition to be successful in carrying out the' idea of its projectors, the addition to tire world's geographical knowledge weill hardly justify the outlay to be incurred, and no possible commereisi advantages cani acerue to any one 'na a result of the undertaking, But for one significant fact, it might possibly be our mised that the idea of such an aimless and profitless journey was the emanation of some diseosed brain, But the advocates of thins newest Sooth Sea bubble 'give ample evidence of their perfect sanity by deelin log to go themselves, andsending others in search of glory and frost-bittenilminb to the icy regions of Ederbry's Land, It is really tao bad that tire delicately attuned ear of the hosnousrable Mc, Teal should ire shocekedhby the fault pironusci ation of French indulged in byhis fallose members in the Leginlative Cosncil, 'His question 'of wiry obsolete French words should still continue to be used in sets ~of Psrlioment and, 'legal documenta will be echoed by every peroson of common sense in tire comrmunity. 'Just on in olden times it wser not given to every man to reach Corinth, so in our oswn day it is not seithin every person's provinco to be able to speak thre Gaelic tongue setthr the true Parisian accent. Anyone seho asoo preoent and heard the boggling of' the grave snd reverend seigniors of the Upper House over tire swordsfcrrrsr solo, ursod in a section of tire Liceosing Act to designrate a seidow or an uinmorried woman, would really have sympathised scithr the fastldiouis represen tative of tire North-Western Produnce, Tire Eugilshs langirige is certainly rich enough, and should sufilico to ecoshle Esgilirhmen to clearly oxirress their thoughts wslthourt the onsistance of tire tongue of their barbarosis anectesre, and when tlse "pure scout of English nudefiled" can be drasen from, it is hardly a sensible proceeding to primp sip obsolete Norman words to' give expresolion t~o hhritish thought. November 20,' 