The Christy Concert. Never before probably has the Institute hall accommodated on successive nights two such audiences as on Monday and Tuesday last. Both audiences were good humored, and both enjoyed themselves on the whole very fairly ; but as was only natural, the merriment was louder and more continuous at the Christy concert than at the Town Hall meeting. The Society had indeed a bumper house, well filled in all parts, and eminently sympathetic. After the inaugural overture the usual funny business of tbe select sable circle commenced, Messrs Bromley and Gluyas officiating as " corner" men, and Mr Stuhbs as interlocutor. The two former were of course got up " regardless," the one being equipped with something like a baby's bib (large pattern), ornamented with floral rosettes, and the other with a fine sofa antimacassar cravat. Many were the local allusions, comic the business, and laughter moving the quiddities of" Brom," who was well backed up by his coadjutor, The Town Hall scheme came in for many references, one of which by the way, was not at all in good taste. A burlesque sketch of the proposed municipal building and the three reasons given for erecting it were provocative of much mirth. The first reason was that a certain plump Councillor is built on too large a scale to admit of his squeezing into the present edifice; the second, was that the new bnilding is required for Vulcanising operations by another civicrepresentative whose business lies that way ; and the third, that the premises would make a highly eligible soup kitchen for the destitute " unemployed." At intervals in the comic business members of tbe circle broke into 6ong, and were manfully backed up in chorus by their confreres. Mr Cooke was the most successful of the vocalists, and acquitted himself well in a song billed as the " Virginian Rosebud," though the title did not seem particularly apropos. The breathless chorus to this number, though a peculiar contrast in tone to the tenor of the song, was very effective. Mr Turner, who was not apparently in good voice, was rather weak and strained in " Jenny who lives in the dell"; and Mr Webb was only a qualified success in " Toll, toll the bell." Mr Cohen, a new performer on the Port Augusta stage, contributed several vocal selections. His first appeal ~ was of a sentimental character ; " Leave me not in anger, darling" was its title, but history is Bilent as to whether she did or not. Mr Cohen possesses a voice of respectable volume and fair range but destitute of of sympatbic timbre, and his modulations are not artistic. This was particularly noticeable in " Helene," and the effect was not much improved in the Plantation song and dance " Tie true I'm deep in love," in which he appeared in picturesque attire, consisting of maroon stockings, window-curtain chintz tunic and etceteraB, and a peculiar kind of head gear which appeared to be a cross between a scarlet jockey cap and a coal scuttle bonnet, severely razeed. This dress, we presume, was intended to make up for theTerpsichorean deficiencies of its wearer. From a comic point of view Mr Gluyas was vtry successful with " She laughed behind her fan," as was similarly Mr Bromley with " You may kiss me and caress me"—the effect depending in both instances much more on grotesquerie of action and costume than melodious perfection. Mr Bromley sported a huge green punkah as to the manner born (the stage manner that is,) and Mr Gluyas ehowed very fair proficiency in the use of his smaller sized flirtation implement. The trio, " Winds, gently whisper," by Messrs. Cooke, Webb, and Turner, was well received ; and tho Tancredi overture played by Mrs Murphy and Miss Betteridge on the piano, and Dr. Stewart on the violin, was greatly appreciated and loudly applauded. The most prominent feature in this number was, of course, the violin part, but though it goes without saying that it was played in musicianly and artistic Btyle, the theme was not handled with quite that breadth of tone and musical abandon which characterize the Doctor's best violin form. The first part of the entertainment was brought to a close by the burlesque finale " The French Conductor," in which Monsieur Bromlee performed with great gusto on a dummy violin, Mr Stubbs operating with immense zeal and energy on the big drum, and Madame Frangipani-Turnerie warbling sweetly (in costume, and behind a veil) as prima donna. After the interval, the Mayor (Mr. J. C. Knipe) announced from the platform that the net proceeds of the three entertainments given in aid of the Institute, St. Auguetin's Church, and the Children's Hospital conjointly, amounted to £78, and that consequently each of these institutions would benefit by the club's exertionB to the extent of £26. Messieurs Bromley and GluyaB tickled the audience greatly in the " Echo" nigger sketch, with Mr Stubbs officiating as ghost. In the farce " He carries a raeor," Mr Bromley played Peterlonio with immense go and abandon; Mr Stubb6 did the ineffable Montgomery Bandmann Creswick up to the handle, and a little over it; Mr Turner figured once more in the disguise of Achilles (modernised) as the sable songstress, lima de Musty, and Mr Kelly made a rather distraite theatrical manager. The concert was, according to programme, to have closed with the Natural Anthem, but somehow or other this item was forgotten, though certainly not from any want of loyal feeling. Taking the preformanco right through, it was a successful one, though not equal to the last concert given by the Club either from a musical or a comic point of view ; but the receipts must have been very good, the audience was an excellent one, and if any faith is to be placed in laughter and applause, was thoroughly pleased and satisfied. OUR CITY TELEGRAMS.—Through some unexplained omission on the part of our Adelaide correspondent, we have been obliged to go to press to-day without our City telegrams. This is particularly annoying, as yesterday afternoon the Treasurer was to make his Budget Speech s and to declare the intentions of the Government with regard to the tariff. Private wires state that it is proposed to increase the duties on spirits, cigars, and tobacco, and the Customs officer at Port Augusta has received instructions not to allow any clearances from bond except under guarantee to pay such additional dutieB as may be imposed. London wheat market flat, and little doing in. Australian grain. 