GREAT NORTHERN ATHLETIC CLUB APPILA YARROWIE. Only a few years ago the annual athletic meetings of the above club were of a very primitive order, but by energy, and consis tency on the part of a well known athlete, Mr YY. J. Pyman, and other true supporters of this kind of sport the club flourished wonder fully, and finally now blooms as the foremost athletic gathering in the North, or for that matter in South Australia. Every successive meeting produces a splendid programme of events with a large proportion of prize money, which never fails to attract competitors from a distance, aud in all cases the fields are very large. On Thursday last the annual meeting was again held, and was in every way as suc cessful as in previous years. This is undoubly due to the efficiency of the officers appointed, the committee whose task, although by no means light, was well performed, and the able secretaries Mr J. Daly and Air H. Pepperell. The judges Mr C. W. H. Hirsch, and Mr T. H, Francis had little trouble in placing the men for the various events, and the former gentleman has always been a strong supporter and a great help to the club, In Air Britten, of Laura, a better referee could not be chosen for ho is impartial in all his decisions, As handicapper Mr YV. J. Pyman is well-known to give general satisfaction, but still he appears, whatever rr,av be his success in other contests, not to be able tq place competitors in the G.N.A.C. Handicap in such a manner as to ensure a close race, and the best prac tical answer to this is to point to the constant success of the. long handicaps during recent years. New beginners should not be favored with long starts, neither, can they expect them until they have proved that they are deserving of them. The . starter Mr Paul Meirs, for a first attempt was fairly good, but kept his fields in some cases rather long. However he deserves praise for his efforts on Thursday. Turning to the course, perhaps this is the only thing that will not bear comparison with former years. The straight track was not nearly wide, enough,, and besides the flags were placed in the middle of the course instead of the in'ne.r edge. This was a great mistake, and care." should be taken in future years not to allow the spectators to encroach upon the running ground. The dressing tent for the. runners was of the very best, and everything pro vided for their comfort. The attendance must have been between 1,800 and 2,000 persons, $n4 oyer £7Q were takep at ilie gater, Tlie cup given fop the hurdles is a very prettily finished article, aqil that for the lialf- mile a splendid piece of workmanship stand ing 20 i inches high. The base is a circular moulded plinth, carrying well modelled figures of water dogs. From the plinth rises a circular column enriched with threo massive scrolls, terminating on the plinth in winged seahorses. The coin. an supports a massive vase, decorated with stags' heads and antlers in relief. Mr Hirsch in making the presen tation said it was the most beautiful cup yet presented at Yarrowie, an 1 they might never te in a position to present the like again. The sports were again held in Air Feather- stqnhaughs paddock. Following are the events and prizetakers : — Maidens 50 yds. — C. Collins 30s ; E. Ward 20s. .Seven eutries. Interest was manifested in this event, owing to some of the runners being also engaged in the G.N.A.C. Handicap. Tlie winder Collins was favored in the big event with 15,' 25, and 30 yds. start, and he was immediately on hi.s success in the maidens made first favourite for the. big money. Boys' lace, under 16 years, 10.0 yds. — H. Hill 15s ; A. Cooper 7s 6d. Twenty-five entries were received for tlfis event, aud a good finish G.N.A.C. Handicap, £35, three events, first £20; Second £10; Third £5. First event 150 yds. — C. Collins 15 yds. 5 points; F. YV. Reschke 6 yds. 3 points j H. E. Farrar, 13 yds. 2 points. Eighteen came to the post for this event. The only absentee being Dooren, who. was trying his luck elsewhere. After numerous break-a-ways the lot were set in rapid motion at the sound of the starter's pistol. Collins favoured by his long handicap easily maintained the advantage to the finish. The spectators greatly interfered with some of tiie runners, by- closing in on the course, and through this whatever may have been the chances of Messrs Graham ami Kearney were entirely lost by this means. Time 15 2-5 sees. Standing High Jump — H. J. Mappison 4 ft. 8i in. 20s. Only three entries, aud the winner who is a pretty jumper, beat liis opponents easily. Handicap Mile YValking Match — Francis 120. yds. £5 ; Raymond 170 yds. £2 ; Bambrick 170. yds. £1. A dozen put in an appearance for. this contest. Raymond soon going to the front led the field at a merry pace until about 200 yds. from home where Francis, who uow is develop ing into an excellent walker, went up and won somewhat easily. H. AleDonald, who started from scratch, never had the ghost of a show aaainst the lone handicaps, and gave up on the third lap. Time 8 mins. 7 sees. Tilting — Rowe, Bridle, value 20s. Angel, whip, value 15s. For this no less than 45 en tries were received, and it took a considerable time to deci le the contest. Second Event Handicap, 250yds. — C. Collins 25 yds, 5 points ; T. Sexton, 13 yds, 3 points j H. E. Farrar, 20 yds, 2 points. Again eighteen faced the starter, and after a long and tedious delay of nearly a quarter of an hour caused by over-anxiety of the ped3 to get away, a fairly good start was effected. Collins again, although he was overhauled, occupied a similar position as that of the first event, but the second place fell to Sexton. The £20 first prize was virtually the property of Coffins without troubling him self about the third event. The spectators again would not let the back men come through, and rendered their chances hopeless. Running Long Jump — E. YVard, 20s ; Matthews, 10s. Only four entries and the winner who was hard pressed by the second . man cleared 18ft. 8iu. Tilting for Ladies— Miss Rivett, YVhip, value 21s ; Miss Brewer, 10s. Champion Race, 220 yds — G. A. Kearney, 40s ; Reschke, 20s. Four started. Time 24 1-5 seconds. Hop, Step and Jump — J. O'Dea, 39 ft. 6 in., 20s ; Matthews, 10s. Tho winner only tried once, which his opponents could not reach. Handicap Hurdle Race, 350 yds, over 8 hur dles 3 ft. 6 in. high— H. McDonald, 14 yds, Cup, value £5 5s ; Sweeney, 16 yds, 40s. Seven en tries. Kearney, the scratch man refused to. start. Hill with 30 yds handicap led for the greater portion of the distance, when Sweeney took up the running closely followed by Mc Donald, who at the last hurdle had the race at hi,s mercy and won comfortably. Time 44 secondq. Old Men's Race, over 40 years, 150 yds— YV. Stacey, Clock, value 60s ; Lamphier, Bridle, value '21s ; Wilsdon, Whip, value 10s 0d. A closely contested race, all the competitors being very evenly matched, and it was not until within the last few yards it was known wha would w\n. Jostling was very prominent, but this was rather from excitement than wilfulness. Six started. Running Eigh Jump— Perry, 5 ft. 4 in. 20s ; YVard, 10s. Ouly three entries. Other jumping men appeared to have a fear of Perry who had come with a reputation of having cleared six feet. After seeing him jump this we readily believe. Till the bar- was raised to five feet there was nothing extraordinary about his jump ing, but after this his style caused immense, amusement, and surprise. In oleariug the bar he turns a half somersault landing partly on his hand, but the greater portion of the weight of his body is sustained by his shoqlffers and back of the head. Half-Mile Handicap Flat Race.— Q. A. Kear ney, 2S yds, Cup, value £10 10s ; T. Sexton, 31 yds, £3. Nineteen set sail for this contest whieff was a desperate struggle throughout. Kearney went to the front soon after the start, closely accompanied by Sexton, Hannett and Graham. The first quarter sufficed for many, and in the second the racing commenced in earnest. Both Sexton and Graham pushed the winner hard,, and spurted gamely to overtake him but all to no purpose. Time 2 mins 6 sees. Boys' Race, under 12 yrs, 100 yds— Cotter, 10s; Wylam os. Twenty youngsters started," but the winner who can travel at great speed soon showed his opponents the way and won easily. Obstacle Race— S. Walters 40s with 21s added presented by Mr C. YV. H. Hirsch ; Cooper 20s ; Bambrick 10s. This contest was on the same course as former years, and through and over similar obstaoles, with the addition of barrels hung some distance from the ground. As usual the event ca ised great amusement to the spectators, and we agree with them in saying the winner well earnt the prize. One Mile rlannicao uace — Mclnnerney loyus. 60s; Fry 15 yds. 30s. Eleven starteis. Sweeny led off at a big pace, but was joined by Mclhnerney and the pair raced together until 200 yds. from home where Sweeny died >if. and Fry coming past secured second honors. Time 5 mins. 3 sees. Third Event Handicap 350 yds. — Reschke 9 yds. 5 points ; T. Sexton 16 yds. 3 points ; H. E. Farrar 26 yds. 2 points. The winner as usual ' ran this event splendidly, aud secured second money. Sexton and Farrar tied for third place .and divi led the prize, but as a matter of form ran off. but neither exert. ;d him self beyond a jog and Farrar was awarded third honors. Collins won the handicap with 1Q poiuts, €20 ; Reischke S points £10 ; Farrar 6 points 15. - Sack Race 100 yds. — S. Walters 20s. Six entries, Consolation Race 100 yds. — Mappison 30s ; Warrior 153. Five started. A Greasy Pole contest wound up the day's, proceedings, and the prizes were distributed at the hotel in the evening by Mr C. W. H. Hirsch, The various officers were highly complimented - for their- efforts, and short commendatory speeches wcro made. ; 