GOD AND STATE SCHOOL BOOKS. to tite editou of t1ie age. Sin, — Your reporter represents mo as having asserted that the name of God lias been excised from r.ll State 'school books, and that in only one passage doe3 the name of Christ appear. A cprrespondqnt in. your issuo of Saturday calls this an " LSionndliig assertion." What I stated was quite, different from this astounding assertion. Referring to the report of tho royal commission on education, I stated that in appendix C many extracts from Stato school hooks in whicii God is named, and in one oi widen Christis named, aro collected together. 1 conjectured that tho name of Christ had pro bably escaped tho expurgation ordered somo years ago by a Minister of Education in de ference to -the f, 'lings of our Jowish fellow colonists.- Defenders of tho Stato system of education reffy 011 such passages, as showing that the system is secular in this sense only — that is, nneeclosianiieal and uns'cetarisn. Their interpretation oi the word rocular is indeed astounding.' Appendix C was prepared pro bably witli the view that tho holders of such opinion might givo expression to it and make ills most of it. I argued that the small amount of religion thu3 smuggled in, and in open defianeo of tho act of 1872, which distinctly requires that only secular instruction be imparted in school hours. is utterly insufficient to render tho system acceptable to Catholics. For tho question will necessarily arise — Who is the God referred to in such passages ? We have in Victoria Catholics, Protestants of various sects, amongst them Unitarians ; we have a small number of Mahomedans; we have disciples of Confucius, worshippers of Buddha, of Fob, of Tau ; we have Freemasons, who worship tho Architect of the Universe; we have, perhaps, disciples of Comte, who, while, objecting to be styled atheists, refuse to believe in it personal God. Now, a God whose nature and perfections can be presented in such a way as to satisfy at once tho religious feelings of bodies so widely differing from each other in faith, and to avoid the giving of offence to anyone, is a chimera, a being to he placed on a 'level with Zeus and Hermes and tho other gods of paganism. Such is not tho God whom the Catholic child must be taught to know, to adore and to love. In tho first extract, found in appendix C of the report, we read: — "God loves the bird that sings in tho tree." A Catholic child in a State school will perhaps ask: Is this tho God who in tho begin ning created tho heavens and tho earth? Is He tho God in whom there is one individual nature and three distinct persons, the Father, the Son and tho Holy Ghost? Is He the God of whom through the incarnation tho blessed Virgin Mary is tho mother? Is He tho God who died for tho salvation of man, nud who will come one day to judge tho living and tho dead? Will not such questions be regarded as utterly trivial? Or will not an attempt be made to answer them in such a way as not to wound tho religious feelings of tho Unitarian who sits at the right hand of tho Catholic child, or of the Buddhist at his left ? Can we imagine a more effectual mode of dragging in the mire tho most sacred truths of Christianity, and of undermining tho faith of tho Catholic child, leading him step by step to indifferentism or to atheism ? This would in deed he to cast pearls before swine. Such a system would assuredly be according to tho heart of tho man who described the Catholic faith as a " fungus Tho fact that I referred to the extracts found in appendix O., and then argued from them makes it clear that I did not make the "astounding assertion" attributed to me. My assertions were of a totally dif ferent character, and reasonable men, Catholic and non-Catholic, will, I feel as sured, regard them as far from " astounding." Another correspondent objects to my language regarding Freemasonry. In referring to Free masonry I but complied with tho wishes of the head of tho Catholic Church, who, in his ency clical of 20tU April, 1834, exhorts all pastora and all jiriests to tnaku every effort "to extir pate fhe impure plague (Freemasonry), which is creeping through nil tho veins of tlio State." His Holiness says of Freemasons: " They boldly array themselves against the majesty of God", and openly strive for tho ruin of tlio church, in tho hope that if possible they may rob tho Christian people of tho benefits won for them by Our Saviour Jesus Christ. Ho further describes Freemasonry as "a deadly enemy" — " a sect contrary to right and to justice" — its ulti mate end being " utterly to overthrow that discipline of religion and social order which Christianity has founded." My words, of which your correspondent complains,' but very feebly re-echo the sentiments so energetically expressed by His Holiness Pope Leo X1H. — Yonrs, &c..; T. CAHILL, S.J. Melbourne, 4th May. 