THE BALLARAT HOUNDS. HIGHFLYER. Last Saturday was looked forward to by the hunting men of the district with interest, as Messrs Molesworth aud Matheson, of the Native Creek station, Meredith, had invited the club to meet; there for; -the; purpose of hunting some kangaroo known to he in the neighborhood. Punctual to the minute, our special steamed Out of the Western station, and reached . Meredith in about an hour.' On. looking round I found we had a good muster amongst those present being Mr and: Mrs Macphersbn, the latter mounted on Big Ben, and Mi- Inglis; wliol although suffering from a severe cold, acted as Master, and rode Tanglefoot. Mr Holgate: was on Grey. Baby, Mr Robt. Orr on Champagne; Mr. Moffatton Gaffer Grey, Messrs Osborne on Idea, Corrigan on Mormon, J.. Scobie was: onKatunga,,G. Scobie on Mnlga, A., Scobie:, (the First Whip) on Goldfinch, and the Second Whip on Marmion. A move was made for the homestead,- where we were joined by Lord, Castlerosse on Syphon, Mr- Molesworth Onhissplendidhnnter Timbertop, Mr Stawell on Carpenter, Mr Harbottle on a roan, Judge Molesworth on a chesnut, Messrs Jas. Smith on Quickstep, Watkin Wynne oh Tom Thumb, J. Wallace on; Diplomacy, W. Mathesori on a bay, Champ on a bay,- and R. Wallace on Settler. Mr Molesworth informed us that the kangaroo had been seen near a dam a couple of miles: away; off we started for the forest—at least 1 it was once a forest—now nothing but ringed' and -dead gum trees, “ white vegetable ghosts,” as Dr Taylor calls them, : arouud us on every side] presenting a wild and weird spectacle to our view. After several casts' the hounds: got on to the scent, but it was almost impossible to follow, the dead timber; and heavy nature of the ground making pro-; gress slow. The kangaroo were plentiful, ini fact we, must have seen at least a dozen, but; they could not be induced to leave the heavily timbered country for; the open, and! when pressed by the pack kept doubling back' into the scrub. ■ After a couple of hours thus: spent .hounds were whipped off and- a fox was let go in the open; he gave us a run of about three miles before the hounds fan; into him. . A couple of log walls and half ai dozen fences were safely negotiated' by the! field. ' Our'hosts .then invited us to a - capital lunch, laid out in the- verandah. - The' hon. : secretary of the club proposed the health! of Messrs Molesworth: and Matheson, and Mr Molesworth, in reply, stated how anxious .he was to foster sport and hoped the member of the Ballarat club would he able to visit Meredith again. ■■ On the return journey we were kept waiting at Warrehheipfor more than 20 inihntes, much, to the annoyance of those living some dis tance out of town!' 1 The hounds will meet’ next Friday at the Creswick road. . 