CHRISTIAN EVIDENCE and CHRISTIAN FAITH. The first of a series of lectures under the auspices of the newly-inaugurated Christian bvidence Society of New South Wale* was delivered lait night by Bishop Barry in the Protestant Hall, tho subject of ihe lecturo being " Christian Evidence and Christian Faith." The hall was well filled in every part. The chnir wa» taken by Sir Alfred Stephen, there being alf o present on the platfurm Sir George Wigram Allen, the Hon. A. Gordon, M.L.C.: Rev Professor Kinross, D.D.; Rev. Dr. Jofferis, Rev. Canon Henry Sharp, Rev. Canon Moreton, Revs. M. Archdali, M.A. ; A. W. Pain. B.A. ; | S. S. Tove.v, B.A. ; G. Pickerimi.., R. tailors, J. C. Cor leiffl, C. Bnber, J. dram, It, Kel'nn, Messrs. James R. Fairfax, C.-C. Wilkinson, and J. W. Wilton. I The proceedings were commenced by the Kev. M. Arch dsll giving out the hymn, " O Cod, our help in ages past," whioh was sung by the audience and bv the evangelistio choir under the leadership of Mr. W. Î. B. Mote. The Kev. Mr. Archdall tben offered np prayer, after which the choir san SÍ the anthem, " U taste and see how gracious the Lord ia ! " Tho CHAIBMAN then rose amid spplanse, and said it would be idle for him to follow the usual course of introduc- ing so distinguihh-d a dignitary a? tho Bishop of Sydney, who had oonforred uiion him the honour of asking him to occupy the chair on the present occasion. He need hardly say that the subject of the B shop's lecture, as it was called, was the most imuortant that could engage tho_ attention of mankind". It would be dealt with in a manner that would be worthy of his great learning and the.eminent intellectual power ihat distinguished him. With these few wordB he begged to call upon the Primato. 'I he BISHOP on coming forward was received with hearty applause', which was renewed several times. Ho said : Ladies and gentlemen,-Before 1 commence my lecture this evening, I have a very few words to Sty as chairman of the council of the Christian Evidence Society. I have first to explain that we have decided, as Christian men, to open our loctures with a hymn and prayer. We think that there may be some present who ara not prepared to join with us in that worship. We ask them if they are present to bo simply reverent wit- nesses of that worship, or, if they object to this, there will always be a pause before the lecture to allow any who please to enter. The next announcement-as usual, 1 fear, on snob, occasions-there will be a collection at tho clos« of the lec- ture, before the end of the proceedings. We desire io make these lectures self-supporting, for tho very plain reason that as yet the Christian . Evidence Society has very slender funds, and we desire a collection to-night such as will not not merely defray the expenses of the lecturo, but, if possible, leave something over to be used in ewe it is thought dcsirnble to publii-h the lectures here- after. I have abo to s»y that thera are many papers in the ball which at the foot contain an engagement to become member« of the society. We are most anxious that a« many as possible of these papers should be filled up this evening. What we are doi g at present is only the begin- ning of our work, and »e cOD«idcr that ££00 to £600 a year is required to car y on our work. Wo have already re- ceived a beginning of subscriptions, but we desire in this matter, as in many othi r?, to receive not so much tile large donations of the few as the comparatively small donations of the many. Lastly, the lecture« of this senes will be lectures, and not discussions. They will be before the world, open to discussion and criticism hereafter. "With these few introductory remarks, which I have been asked to make by the committee or council, I now proceed to tho lecture of the evening : " To be witnesses for Christ" before tho whole world; as it was the charge of the first apostolic mission, so it is the perpetual dutv atd privilege of all true believers. To take a part in such witness is the nhjeot of that Christian Evi- dence Society for New South Wales which we are met here to-night to inaugurate publicly, with earnest pray«r for God'« blessing upon our work. Honoured by the request uf the council that I should undertake the task uf addressing you at this our flrat meeting, I have thought that the most appropriate shape of an inaugural lecturo would be a declaration of what is designed to be the eKpecial functions of the society, and an attempt to determino what is the true relation of Christian evidence to Christian faith. First : Tho object of our society is the union of all who acknowledge the Divina authority of Holy Scripture, and the Divine nature of our Lord and Saviour JestiB Christ, in paying obedience to the apostolic injunction " to bo ready to give an answer," or preparing " a defenee, to every man that asketh us a reason for the hope that is in us." " In that work we invited tha co- operation of all sections of tbo Christian Church ; wa saw no reason why any should hold aloof. We rejoice that in so large u measure of brotherly sympathy our invitation has le>n poeepted. (Applause.) With the differences, which so unhappily divide the Church of Christ, wo had no desire to meddle; our omcem is with the basis or common faith which, thank Cod, does in fact underlie thnso rents of the fair superstructure. Our hope «nd prayer is that the wnrk of this society may aid directly under God's blessing the struggle of every Church, of every Christian, against ignorance, "nd sin, and unbelief ; and may Indirectly draw closer together those who hold a com- mon faith, and encourage by the very exhibition of that common faith all who mourn over tho breach in our Zinn, and are crying out to God for the restoration or inórense of Christian unity. Th«t there was a place for this work we could not doubt. The mae is emphatically one in which '? every man. whether qualified or unqualified, is asking a reason " for the niojt time-honoured institutions, for tho most established beliefs. To this inquiry, inde-d, in some sense-and a very true sense-th« daiij pre« hine of the Word in tho Church is one lone- continued answer. But in the ordinary ministry of the NVord, the consideration of what is called Christian evidence must oconpy but a secondary place. The main object of that ministry (if I may so exprès» it) is the creation and sustentation rather than the defence of the faith. In the conversion of the canilosa and sinful and unbelieving, in the building up, by instruction and exhortation, of those who alreadv be- lieve the great instruction in the simple proi-entation of the Word of God, " as loving, and powerful, and sharper than a two-edged sword ; " so that, by ils own intrinsic force of truth and love, it may be brought horne by the grace of the Holy Ghost to the hearts of the people. Its power is its own evtdeU'e ; its operation is of aggression, not of defence. Only, I think, at special times and for special reason» should the orcinary teaching of our pulpits and our schools aaMimo an eviden- tial character, or duvote itself to the task ot examining and repelling the attacks made upon the basis of our faith. Still less is to be desired that every minister of Christ should hold it to be within his duty and his ability to att.mpt to deal at all points with the ever changing questions and controversies which gather round the change- less faith of the Gospel. There will, theietore, always be room for tbo work of a socinty devoting itself escluslioly to the study of Christian evidences, under the light of*the inquiry and knowledge of our own days, uniting in that work the best contributions of thought which it can draw from varioUB quarters, and bearing as primary the witness which olsewbere holds at best a secondary place, lu its work I venturo to think tbat it should be mainly positive and constructive, rather than negativo and polemicul-that it should devote more time and thought to the exhibition of the solid strength of Christian evidence than to the examination of vut'ou* objections und difficulties of detail. You will perhup-i remember the old, homely warning to tho rider that he will ba In danger of swerving from Iii* couisn or losing his scat it he thinks of nothing bnt whipping off the dog« which bark at his horse's bonis. (Applaueo.) I havo often thought that we are apt to loso the solidity and repose of faith in toe necessary but dia tustefnl task of controversy of detail. That taste, as 1 have inferred, must be" done, and in its tueasu.ro we shall seek to do it. But I most hold that the other is the higher and the more fruitful task. I hold this, be- cause so far as I know the popular objections and cavils against the faith, they will, in many caaes, vanish without needing an answer when we clearly understand what true Christianity ÍB, when wo have gained a right conception of the structura and gradual development of Holy Scripture-when Ave have como to seo how deep the ultimate basis of faith lies below the superficial disturbances of these questions. But still more do I hold this because it seems to me that while we have no promise of being able to meet every objection, to see our way through, every difficulty-while, in fact, it seems to be implied that such things will continue so long as we are in this state of imperfection- yet we have ample warrant for believing that we shall be able so to assure ourselves that we have not "followed a cunningly devised fable," and be convinced of Him in whom we trust, that He has indeed the words of eternal life. (Hear, hear.) Without any attempt at a systematic comprehensiveness, it is, I conceive, this which will bo shown from various pointe of view in the lectures to be delivered here. They will ad- dress themselves quite as much to believers as to sceptics or unbelievers. They will attempt to instruct as well as to silence or convert. 'Ihey will seek to strengthen the ground of faith in those not a few In our day, who are staggered and disheartened, without being really convinced, by the loud denudations of Christianity as an exploded superstition, unphilosophical and immoral, or by the calm assumption of its unreality as a matter beyond the need of argument. 'They will aim at clearing up and defining what i is held, I fear, hazily and so uncertainly by many sincere Christians, especially by distinguishing the true Divine essence of Christianity from additions and deductions whit li are tho perishable work of man. It is this work which above all needs in these days to be done, it is this which by God's blessing wo shall attempt in some measure to do. (Hear, hear.) But in order that wo may make this attempt with anything liko success,.'. is beyond all things accessary that wo understand clearly whot is tho true function and scope of Christian evidence-what it can and what it cannot do for the life of Christianity. I should answer unhesitatingly that the function of Christian evidence is not to demonstrate to reason the truths of Christianity, but to öfter a solid basis for Christian faith. Religion, all religion which desnrves the name, is never a philosophy : it must be a faith-a faith which knows, indeed, why it be- lieves and in whom it believes, but which is a faith still. Before weean judge of the sufficiency or insufficiency of any religious evidence whatever, we must vindicate the right province of faith as a law ot all human knowledge, natu- rally coming to its culmination in respect of the knowledge of God ; faith, as I need hardly remind you. belongs not to the region ot abstract danger, but to personal relation, it is tbo acceptance of truth, the hninago of obedience, the self ' sacrifice of love, simply through trust in the word or the character of a person. It may bo prepared for and facili .tated by accordance with our own thought and conscience; i it may be io part verified'by the fruit of subsequent expe- i rience. But so far as it is faith, it goes beyond what we i ourselves "can discover-beyond what wa ourselves eau 1 verify. If it is not to be mere credulity, it i must know in whom it beheveB. and havo good grounds for trust-trust in a power a wisdom, a goodmas, greater than our own. But when it baa this knowledge, it jields itself, more or IPSB unreserv edi), to Him whim it trustB and through such seit sumiicer, to uno tho well In iwn apoBtt lie. piirad ix, " know H that vvliuh pasi-es knott - led>.e " I hit »m h faith is ! necestary Hw of human life, both for knowledge and for practice, is surelv bevond con troversy. Even nt the ki ow ledge of things MI which wo act every day-the knowledge of facts, and oveu more clcaily the knowledge of laws and principles-a large portion for all, und, for most of us far the largest portion, rests not on our owndiscoverv, not even on our own verifica- tion, but on trustinotbers,itjdividuaU,orsocietvatlarge Tim (treat steps of human progrès« itself are niostlv mudo by the rcinv, through faith lu the few or even the one Sometimos it is true thBt wo can test and vi nfy for ourselves if we w U, altbou.h, if wo always insisted on so doing the world wou d in great measuro s and still But in many things, and ihtse ihe greatest, such test is bayoud our power M o have to sit at the feet of the great ma tera of humanity, tho philosopher or the poet, the horn ruler of men, or tho prophet who speaks SB tor God So it is even in knowledge of things, but how much moro in knowledge of persons ' Every man is to hiB fellew», as far ae absolute knowledge goes, " unknown at d uuknowable." Partlv, no doubt, we can stud\ him as wo would study a thicg, bv observation of his wsja nnd actions, even of hie lo ka and .enturen- Hn observation which is «idid by our own inner knowledge of ihe springs of action and thought in ourselves, which, with such "îodifica tiona aa are needed we transfer to him, ' pittintroarBelvCiin his place' But bevoud this, if wo would kuow a man thoroughly up to the limits ot poselblo thoroughness, he niUBt revea' himself to us, and if we think that we can trust him, we havt to accept that s«lf- revela- tion with a measure of faith Evotv day wo net on such faith V> hero we feel that we can trust wo trust bet ond or m spite of appearincea we accept as true actiunts if ads whit h beti rehand seemed to us unhkelv And tho province of suth faith mcreasf-s, ]UBt m pro) ortion IIB the o> ject of our trust is wiser, greatir nobler than wo ourselve , until it almost overshadows all other streams of knowledge It has been said and I think trulv said that auch faitn m olheis is the greatest of all forces that move tho world Certainly advancing civihsition and greater diffusion of knowledge and power seem in no sense to diminish it in our social and lohtical life, or even in the domain ot art and philosophy. Now it is clear by the virv nature ot the case, that the apflicatitn of th s law of faith muet have its high st exemplihcation when man stands face to face with tho t-upreme Power which rules the world, lhere is in everv human BOUI a oapicity ot faith-a faith of reveronce and love-which can find na adequate object on earth, either in the hero worship of the md vidual or the culture of bumanitj at large If the Supreme Power be an impersonal force, ora life diffused through the body of the universe such faith is large uratching out its hands, often with pathetic earnestniss, and vainly perromfving the luipeisonal But religion is the recogiiiti n of a living persrnal God, and ou such recognition lhere follows at once the irresistible impulse of faith lou will see at once, it yi ti consider Ihe matter in the 1 ght either of theory or ot f xpeneuce, tbo truth of the oldsajtngof the schoolmin, Umina abeunt m mysterium ("All lines of thought end in mvsterv. "j Along what ver line j our mind seeks to move, ihe advance leads up to somothing known lo bo, but in ii self unknowable In natural science, there is the mjster> of matter, in phyciologv, thu U13 aterj of life in tin scienreot humanity, themvsterj of free personality, in the s'udv of the whole u nverse the mvaterv of creation or causât on Now, so longaa wedoal with abatractims, weean onlv panie help- lessly before those blatk pro îpitrs of mjsterv, »t best striving to irradiate thtm with tho summer lightning ot imaginativo speculation But if our (bought leadB ue to a pcrsou then there reaches down fiom out of the darkness a living hand, whieh is grasped bv faith (Chetrs) "Natural religion," rightly so- ialltd-the relieiou wbi li under many tortn», with ma y excreccencos of super ititi n, with many hesitations and nee,ntioiis of philofophy, ia aciuallv in possession of human thought-must al wave Involve faith It holds that man is led by all the various lines of ihought io a fiod-by the intellect and lmngitution as tnding io the First CRUSH of all, and giving it person ihtv bv th" dis- covering m tho universe of de ign, of usefulness and beautv, gneping by the conicience tho conception of an absolute riiihteousnesB, aud through moral eenie and love retog nißing as necetsuty the idea of a leri-on who is right ous ness and love By the nccumulnti d force ot cot.Vfrgence of nil these lines of thought it holds that God ii known-that m fact all these »Te revelatiom of Himeelt to man. Bul it wams us that this knowledge is and must bo partial In the svKtem of pbvicul crea'inn, in thi (.oveinment of the world of humanitj, m tlinD vine relation to Ihcu di- vidual soul, th re is much whieh is dark to us there crosses us especially the great tin siery of evil suffer- ing, and sin and d atb bofoic which mere human na-omng stands agbust Ihe knowledge, therefore, o) dod erds, sod niUBt end, in faith fan h which is tho child nnt ot pure ignoiance or full utidni standing but of partial know- ledge lhere is abundant means of partial kuowhdgo of Hun, and that knowledge implies everv» horn an infinite depth or power, und wind ni, and love lo these, or to Him of whom they aro attributes we have to trust ourselves. The evidence of natural thenlogv can but give gr und-sa we believe a more thin sufficient rrnund-for that mevitaHe faith A religion which involves no mvstery IB ty that very fact self con- demned eveu asa sv stein of thought a religion whiih refuses bold!) to asm rt the law of faith tan never roach the minde, and lay hold of tbo spirits, of men. V heu Sr. Paul dwells so oarnestly on faith as the one tninc needful in apptottch to God, when &t; John declares fan h to be " the victory that ov creóme th the world " , they »peak, indeed, in th« special applicttion of their words, of the peculiar characteristic of tho Gtspol mi BEUL, o but in the generality of the words the usclve« they udvanee the cliim of all religion inet in pioportion to tbo nulli and vitality which, it contains Tin re is let mo sa) m pnssit g, a strange and delusive ambiguity in the now haeUt eytd phrase, " God is unknown and unknowable " In regard to absolute knowledge the saying is BO true aa to become u mere I rruiBui Nowhere is it more ouiphutieallv uiged than in I the pages of the New 1 entament lu that si use it may bo applied to the ultimate truihs of all forms of science in that senae it Is obviously true of overvono of the human beings whom we meet and deal with everv dnv Bnt m r gaid to the parnal knowledge wini h aime H posible - or needful, how far it is from truth IB testified indirectly bv every language and litera- ture of man, directly bv the many religions which cover the face of the whole world The one question te whether in respect of God we ebiill do at the bidding of the Agnostic what we should refuse to do m the »cenca of nature or of man-rejectknowIedLeaa unreal or unfruitful, because it is imperfect, and whether we shall shrink from applying to our relation to Him tho pnnuple on which we i na unhesitatingly tn our rolntims io men, supplement- ing imperfect knowledge by the living force of fail h And 1 may also, before quitting this part of the subject, ren ark that it is just this lequiremeut of faith which tivea religion a moral power, and which mikes it the propertv of ali classe» and a^ea of men (Chei rs ) Faith, as I have saul, belongs to personal relation , it is tho supplement of personal knowltdge And it ia clear that no persmal knowledge wa« ever obtained by the mero nell a ot tho intellect Ihe so called knowledge of the world which is purely intelleuuil and unsjmpithetic, ia a knowledge only of the surface , ihe kr-on pisst mess intellect, when in lue sta i sm m for example it has to deal wnh u en, is constancy betravtdintoblundorsundf ulutos which would beinipo siblo to duller underet indiDg-*, enlighiened bv tbo magic touch of sympathy (Hear, hear ) í aith, therefore has indeed [ en intellectual clement, but in ils c Sente it is i moral action it is insepar bly connected with dutv it is ' perfected by law ' It is this moral ch tracter of faith which uiukas it a rei-entratiug and exalting force, and it is this also wbicb bung» it home to everv ago and clitsi», ovory variety of character and edueation among mon (Cheers > Thi BO who can follow out th« course of reasoning when it rises from the thinga which can be Been and 1-anuiod to tho things which are invmible, from Ihe coner te examples to ihe abstiaot principles, aie but few lhere is no anstocrac) io exclusive ana suierslitious as the arislocr*cy of intellect and of culture But this truBt m a Person, know n in measure, and trusted beyond the limits of kuowlcdgo, with its necesairv fruits of obeaience and love, ovou to the extreme of self-sacribce,-this, all can understand «11 can exercise It IB the first impulse in the heart of thillhood, it Is the ruling io ce with the gruat niaes of men who have to work and to feel more than to think It IB that which alone sati-fles the deepest needs aud aspirations of thu heart How nignallv coes the neglect of truo faith m our theories of life revenge itself in morbid outbursts of strange superstition from the hard rock of pure îutellectualism » The godless regent trembling at a *tir " Is still a cou mon tvpo of humanity, gross and sensual idolatry grows up under tho cold shadow ot Buddhibt Nihilism, and spiritualistic vagarj marks the recoil from a bare Maierialism A isligii n, if Buch a one there were, vvhiLh rented on old intelligence, and worked out its conclunon i y niathematit al fi rmulai wah a kind of defiant eogene}, could only be the religion of the few It could never claim even the possibility of being cathoho, it could never be o*e which the common people would heir «gladly. But from this general couception of the prerogative of faith lu all religion 1 pass on now to consider ii ore carefully the relation of Christian evidence to Christian faith What IB Christian faith i The answer is contained in the werde of our Lord, as recorded by fat. John " _e behove in GoJ , believe also in me" It takes uu at once, assuming and confirming, Ihut faith in God of wmoh 1 have spoken-that faith, whieh emooaies itself in all the religitns of m«n "seeking after God, it haply thov might feel after Him and feed Him," and which St Paul recognised as a true and perfect iaith m hw plead- ing for Christ at Athens b ford the choicest wisdom of heathenism-the faith which, as those whom oar Lord addressed, wjBin Israel-a lirm, clear, dehmto taith ina God who had covenanted wnh man and who revealed Him- self to man in law and the prophets So tar Christianity takes that p isition which, by the confession b >th of friends and foes, it» l18 due, as the great living and Hgf,rosmvo representative of the religions of the world But m the words " believe aleo m me " it adds to this that which alone can give it perfection of strength aod certainty m the claim for absolute faith in tbo word and ihe person or Christ both as the revealer of God and the mediator between God and man-faith in Chi l8' as being, to use bt Paul'a phraso, '? the Word," the revealer of God in revelation, perfect, uni- versal, imper-ibable. It is clearly a tremendous claim, unexampled, 1 think, even m cumpartson with the claims of other religions for their f mudera. und Christianity boldly draws the rational conclusion that it can be advanced only by ne, who is not merely the aon of Man, I but the äon of God It IB, indeed, once more, as alwavs, tie culmination of a great natural law. far it is certain that a personal God can be revealed to man only through man, nnd that such revelitinn is given nor moving through humanity as a »hole but through the great leaders of humanity, inspired with the lower or bighur inspiration that inspiration of the age, the poet, the lawgiver, tho ruler of men-the inspiration of the true prophet, who bas taught "the Word' und "the cptrtt of the Lord " But in lti-elt and its logical consequences it rides infinitely ttbov h all theo lesser c\i niplificatn ns The only Christian- ity winch has proved lttelf to have vttalttj and force ia that which franklv recognises this class na trnnsiendnnt and ultimate All attempts to explain it away ia o a disagree- ment of kind, not of degree, recognising in Christ onl) tho greatest and wisest of the son» of men, fail to mecteithor the facts or tbo necessities of the case They melt away by degrees into tho patronising sentimentality of " Renan's Life of Jesus,' or the coarse blasphemies of what calls itself " freethought" among us (Applause ) Faith in Christ is the sure mediation through which min has access to God , a mediation having, as is shown bv tbo visible stan ot tho cross as sAmbolio of Christianity, a special reference to salvatitn bj atonement from stn and death, but vot involving, as we ore taught in the deeper poi-sagee of tho Revelation of the New testament, a relation to man "from the foundation," and in the Divine purpose " before the foundation of tho world''-a relation to all created leinga even beyond hutimnitv. Aeain, it is an unexampled claim True, as Bishop Butler has unanswerably shown, tnat mediation that is, the power of nile ting for good the spiritual relat on of another to God-ia a fundamental la» of human life ex- emplified tn a thousand wuj a, so that a religion which did not recognise it wi uld stand ont branded as inapplicable to humanity But thts mon ly human mediation is limited -strictly and mercifully limited-within narrow bounds What, now, in Biimlar breadth and simplicity, is Christian evidence? There are two great Christi n evidences fhrntianitv and Christ Himself Christianity itself is the first great evidence- the great sign to lead to CbriBt, corre- sponding m its power in these lifer days to tho miracles ia the woild of matter or the world of mind, which are re- corded m the history of the first proclamation of the Gospel If indeed, bv 'miraculous" we moan, as we ought to mean, something wb* h is supernatural as rising above all other human experience, and the regularities which it discovers and cilia laws Christianity is its*If mira- culous for it certainly has no partllel in the history of the world It is H uniquo fact, which must be accounted tor by some unique cnuio I speak of Christian! y beth as ideal and actual Christianity as ideal-that is, as it is in the conception, and yet" but imperfectly realised, which we gather from the Bible and from all wini h Christian thought and study has drawn out of tha treasure hou«e of the Scriptures The Bible-need I say it?-is both in itself and in its actual effect on the thought and history of the world,« book certainly like no other hook is immeasurably above ihe highest masterpieces ot human genius, and bett and noblest of all other Sacred books The cavils and sneers which are the staple of so much infidel lecturing and oratory vanish in a moment whin men know how to regnrd the Bible au a whole in tho right development of it» revcla ttor and m it« vnriety of law und history, of psalm and p^ophei}, und apostolic teaching. "Whatev or origin wo may assign to it one thing is oerttm, that the origin of what is thus uniquo ought itself to hive some unique limr-cter and that it is difficult indeed to find any bpenkmg broadly it is dear that the aotual power-íntel leoiual, moral spiritual—whioh the Bible has exercised is the evidence of its superhuman character We may discuss, if we will, their view of its inspiration, we may examine critically the date and the origination of its various books; we may listen, if we will, to the German criticism which describes tho first second and third editor of this or that portion of the Scripture confidently, as if it had seen them at work and collated their manuscripts But, after all, the Bible stands out, not only as a true organic whole, though its composition stretches over centuries, but as a book which is, 1 repeat, in its actual influence over man, miraculous in the sense in which 1 have used the phrase amidst all other lesser words tho supreme Word of God Now examine the ideal Christianity—the Christianity as it should be perfectly ; the Christianity to which Christian life actually, though, imperfectly, approaches , the Chris- tianity as it is embodied in the pages of the New Testament We note its extraordinary power, first as a Divine philo- sophy, grappling with, and solving, so far as solution is potslble, the great problems of Being, the personal ben g of tho soul within, the great universe of thing« and men without the rclatnn of both to the great First Cause, and through these their harmony with each other and yet while it thus faces the mys- teries before which the deepest thinkers of the world have stood abashed in perplexity, still its teaching is one which can come home, and does come home, to the great mass of men and one which in contrast with the elaborate systems presented to us in other names, stands out like the simple Copernican system against the endless fantastic cycles and epicycles which it swept away We note next, its-still more transcendent moral power not only in tho noble and imperishable mo rality which it his created, but infinitely more in the moral tone which it brings to purnfy and inspire the soul, fu ng the dread reality of an engrained sinfulnoss in man, and yet giving tho power to toi quer it, and renewing in fallen natuie the divine imago of nghtcou nea* und love and we note here al>-o that this moral p wirisonowhiihall can un leraland, all ro coive and act upc n one which is the same amidst all varieties of race and character nnd ull eh inges of place and time Ivor is even this all Me pass on ti csliunte its power n« a spiritual life meeting aid sitisfvitg tho thirst foi lining God which has expressed itself in the universal instinct of praver, at once forgttting self belora God, mid vot reali-inga true individuality-not overborne or crushed hy communion willi the loht ite-rising above the things chat geablt and temporal to the things aianj,i.lesa and eternal aud jet n vu losing in uivslicistn its grasp of the pie»eut realities which are the earnest of the lutuio perfection Ivor bore, uj. un, due« the sumo cb rterisiK fail u* lhat it me ts tho spiritual nuds of the youngest and loo maturest and knows no distinction of raie or cindition, "baiburian, Svth an, bond or free " (Applause ) This idoal Christianity-it IB unquestionibly a creation such as tbo world has never em-n-yot it h id its orign in the teach- ing and lue of a Galilean peasant, in the preacniug of Him by a handful of men mostly unlearned and ignorant men, wiih but one at most, and that one a conveit, who bad tho insight of genius and the equipment of culture In itself it is, I repeat, a grant Christian evidence for I know not how to account for it except by that belief in Christ as the revealer of God and man which our creed embodies, and when I study tho so called explanations of its power which modern criticism, or imagination under the name of criticism, has furnished I come back with increased conviction from their utter failure that there is but one adéquate explanation-that ' the thing was from the Lord." But what of actual Christianity, with all its imperfections and perversions- all its weaknesses and sins-its declension from this noble ideal its failures to conquer the world? We acknowledge them all, often with perplexity, always with shame and sorrow, wo notice, with surprise and vot wi'h ¡nunile comfort, tbat Christ himself foresaw them and predicted them We come by degrees to understand thit spiritual power can work only by spiritual means, and that while man is free intensity of good must bring forth in- tensif) of evil unlil the time of contlict and probation is ever we f.atn by the study ot Nature thncouci ption < f tho y lBtneis of the time, tho slowness of thi prousses throULh which the nana of God work«, and wo uuderstiud the Apos(olic vvarninir agtunst impatience, which riminds us that to God ' Ot e dav is as a thousand years, and n thou- sand years as one da) " But take even actual Chris lanit) under th three 1 stotts of which I have spoken Stu iv it as embolied in tim Christian church-that societj unlike all othusvnils infinite varietj.its world-vide exionsion, yet its underlying unity-that society winch, with all failures a d sins has boon in fuct the gieat moral force of history (ap lause, the mo re iii ation however imperfect, if ¿ruo humanity-that societj which evou through all its unhappy, divisions vet preserves still substantial!) iheono faull, und rests ou tho uno Divino comniuuiuu with God m Christ-ihii society in wheh all racts and iharactera can find their place, and whiüi opens its doors especially to Ihe p )or and simple on whom tho world trampled Again for this unique and supernatural phenomenon there must bo some ucount lho account which Christi ins give ia at least an adequate account Ihe actual Chriatianit) re- presented b) tho Christian < hun h is itselt, if rightlv con- sidered, au evidence of Chrn-tiinity. a sign 10 had to Cnnet. Yet this is not the wh lo of attuil Christianity. ! Mark, him-olt clearly no blind follower of Christian tndition, bids us mark the power which Christianity has exercised-moral, intellectual, spiritual power over the civilisation of tho world, guiding and allving itself with the growing light of thought, and knowledge, aud literatuic-winning again und a^uin moral triumphs in the vict ry of the higher law of (rue humanity over the lower animal law ot selfish s'ruggle fur existente creating and sustaining a new and lofty ideal of an inner spiritual life hld in God. Outside the (.ale of avowed disctploabip there is an actual Lhns tianitv If the spirit of the world bas entered into and detruded thn Church, tho spirit of the Church has spread itself tbrouiih the world, and at least reflected in bright glow of did isod light the ray« < f a bon of Righteousness, uself not pi linly seen Thus it is that Christianity, ideal aud actual, ia itself a Christian evidence But it is only such as le"mg to the contempl ition of tbo true, ultimate evidence of Christianity, the niarifestution righteousness its holiness, are Biniply tbo reproduction in min of the life of Christ If it BBpirts to give intellectual enlightenment, it is by sotting forth Christ aa the light of th« world If it would give moral regeneration it is by cmbc dying in man tho righteousness of Christ If it would create or lecreate the spiritual hfo of communion with God, it is by unity with Christ and through it access to the Tathor Henee it follow« that Chr stianily in itscltisbutaprepiratorv evidence to ledd to the true evidente Christ Himself. This mauifesiation of Christ tn earth lu Histhu acterandin His life, let mo remind 3 ou depends not on the detai'id criticism of tha date, authorship, and j origioatit n of our Gospels-of the supposed vunsties of de- velopment of ap stolio teaching-of the genuineness of this or that passage or book of Holy Scripture. All these questions are important, and in all it seems clear that destructive criticism hits di no its worst, that its hour is rapidly passing away, and that the old beliof Is emerging substantially uochanged, nuy, hardly modified (CheerB ) But ihe character and tho lite of Christ are not oulv pictured io thn Gospels, they are implied in the Lpistle* , the} are reflected m nil Christian literature, and tho life of the Christian Church That tho JBBUS of Christian faith is substantially the Jesus of history is beyond doubt. As John Stuart Mill convincingly remarks—the conception is one too grand not to be true, because infinitely beyond the power of early Christianity to create Ihe character and life, then, of our Lord mthiir marvellous union of power, windoo], goodness- the three totees which rule the world-I need not dwejl upon for before them all thoughtful and reverent humanity hanover bowed down (Checri ) Iho rdution uf the Christ of the Nivv TeBtament to the M Sfiiah of ihn Old, nt once fulfilling and infinitely transcending all pi >f hecv- I gl-incn but ut this, which will be dwelt upon moro fully hereafter Ihe miraculous works ot His redeeming love leading up to the great miracle of miracles in the resurrection, which I take to bo established by irrefragable evidence and by its estab- lishment to establish the rest—against these we have seen the assaults of a priori and a posterioi scepticism fiercely gather, and sometimes by mutual destruction pass away. It is on tho maniestallon of Christ Himsolf that we are con- ti nt to rest nur main Christian evidence As we truce it out, we pi's 1 think, niturnllv through the phases of belief ro pre-ented to us bv St John in his Gospel-from the first acceptance of Him as the Messiah of Jewish expectation to the final confession of a faitb, though a faith arising out of doubt, and enforced bj self chosen evidet ce, ' Mv Lord and my God ' Such, in the bnef nketoh aluna possible to me to night, is ChriBtun Evidence lbe moro we study it in its unnj and simplicity the less wo fritter it away into iso- lated fravmentsor evidence and accoi ding to ihe old pr< verb, i " lose the w od in tho trees" the more I believe will it ' tell upon tho mind nnd Iht soul but once moro let me remind vim that it cannot Mip rsede-it can but prepare for Christian futh Tho groit mjstenod of the Gospel-tbo incarnation of the Son of Gtd in human fleih, the universal and all-prev ailing atonement of Calvary, the alterunte truth of the Divino nature which we call the doclrne of the lunity in unity- theso aro doctrines of faith resting ort the word of Christ, and on it alone Ihe inner reality of Christian life by which it grows to spiritual perfection before God depende niton I study of evidüii o and intellectual conviction, but on the moral and apiritu ii ft ro of faith \\\ o do not only confeis and acknowledge this but we glory in it. The conflict between Christian and anti- Christian is rightly described in its essence as a conflict between faith and unbelief—between the theory of life which excludes faith and the theory which makes it tho leading force of thought and action and worship Such, I believe, is in mere outlune the true function of Christian evidence in relation to faith There nre those who accept Christianity ns they aicept civilisation and science bv uihi ntanee there are those who aro content with the teaching of the Bible and the Church, there are tbepo to whom it is sufficient to test Chrisuanitj by the practical test of ita sufficiency to meet the vlews and aspiraiicns of life, there are those who go on to study it deeply aud by that study are drawn iriesiatibly to Christ, there are thi BO wh t feel the netd of the direct study of what aro called Christisn evidences to prepare them to embrace the Gt apel Each and all of these, if you consider the matter have grisped some Christian evidence in tbc true sense of the word the difference, after all,is not of kind, but of degieo But bv whatever path, long or ' abott broken or tentinuous, they approach still at last the action nf final adhesion to Chnst is an acti n of faith If bv God's blessing we can in this Bocittv bring out clearly the Btrcngth and sohditv of Christian evideuce we tmstthat the work mai not bo without value aid without fruit of blessing But after all it is but a subsidiary aud a pre parutory work It am s onlj at bringing mon face to Jace with the manifestation of Christ Then it must bo for Him and bj His grace, and ministered, it may be, lu His Church continual witnies m futed, it may be, directly into the Bei ret commu- nion of the soul, to draw min to Himself, aud jual aa it wai when He was on earth it will be the touch of faith whuhdiaw« i ut the bidden virtue of Hiaprt sem e und still His words of blessing will be-" TLv faith hath made ihte whole ' (.C1 eera ) A collection was then m ide in aid of the funds of tbo societv audlhehvnn '0 v\ord f God lut amato" having beeti aung the Primate ptouounced the bcuediction, and the proceedings terminated 