SPOETING. V..ELC. MEETING. ['From OTir Rneeial Reporter.! IRv Telegraoh. ! MeiDourne. iebruarv 27. Business on the Newmarket has been pretty brisk again to-day. Coronet did another good gallop in' the morning, and nleaeed so much that from 10 to 1 he came to 7 to 1, a price which was taken freely, io night Prometheus keep3 firm at 7 to 1, but Sir Garnet has fluctuated, and at one time to night he was at 10 to 1, which was occasionally offered, but this was readily snapped up, and then 8 to 1 became his price. Sheet Anchor is reported lame, and has receded to 100 to 6, while there seems any quantity of money forthcoming against Salvo. Several out siders were introduced to-night. Topaz was backed for some thousands, and so were Lavington and Town Moor for the Leger. Five to 4 is offered against Silver King, 2 to 1 against Mozart, and 3 to 1 against David for the Champion ; 2 to 1 is Commotion's price, and there is a decided disposition to back Off Colour. Prices in the New market are 7 to 1 against Coronet (taken), 7 to 1 against Prometheus (taken and offered), 8 to 1 against Sir Garnet (taken and offered), 12 to 1 each against Battailous and Salvo (oifered), 100 to 6 each against Sheet Anchor and Lavington (offered), 20 to 1 each against Mas cotte, Jack, Leporello, and Coningsby (taken and oifered), 25 to 1 against Town Moor and Topaz (taken), 33 to 1 against Middle march, Marie Louise, Garfield, Duenda, Ghost, Mistake, Alphabet, Velocipede, Surrey, and others. Legrand died last night. Rain set in at 4 o'clock this after noon, and pi evented many people from visiting the' training - ground to see the Newmarket horse3 canter. In most of the races to-morrow the fields will be small, and Mr. White appears to have the Two-year-old Stakes at his mercy. The Essendon Stakes will probably see Malua, Commotion, Plunger, Pweginald, and Off Colour at the post. In his spring form Malua would win, but I believe the weak hock has been troubling him again, and if he is not at his best he will be beaten. Commo tion is very well, and I think he will win under the circumstances, especially if some thing goes to cut out the running for him. The Ascot Vale Stakes will bring out about six runners, and Mr. White should be able to win with either Monte_ Christo or Uralla, while Dunlop and Antonio may get places. The Leger is reduced to four runners, and I shall stick to David, though he may be beaten for the want of pace. There has never been so much gambling over the Newmarket Handicap, and at least a dozen horses have been backed_ for very heavy stakes. I fancy it will require a genuine racehorse to win, and judging by looks and performances on the training-ground Sir Garnet, Prometheus,. Coningsby, Topaz, and Coronet should pro vide the winner, and of the five I prefer so stand by Sir Garnet, whose gallop on 'Wednesday was the best I have ever seen done at Flemington. He may not care about a severe straggle perhaps, but those who know most about him have no fears on this score. Mr. White has Uralla and Matchlock engaged in the Hopaful Stakes, and one of the pair should win, while in the Brunswick Stakes Helene and Little Sister or Conjecture look dangerous. 