Justice Well Merited. THE.fl ATE OF A eOWJ5^MASHEEN SELEBB,. 'He was* taHL spare man/' said fhg etockmaa, ' a dark, mehuicholy cove, 'boat as f estiva' looking a cuss as the Kiama ghost himself, or Don Dploroso, the knight of the woeful countenance. When I fnrfit see him a driving down the hill, I thort him a ravin' species of maniac, a reg'ler stark, starin', blazin' loonatic — thet I did. He and his mate was driven down the hilL Pretty steep hit of a pinch, ain't it? They had the front wheels of the waggonette looked, the brake tied hard down on the hind ones, and a big saplin* lashed behind. * What the cream of tartar are they doin' dowa this bloom ing wale ?' thinks L Up they drives 'where I was a sittin' rite in front of the hat door, and the tall dark cove, he says -. ' Have you .got here a eowin' mesheen in this dram of yourn.' And I ap and says, ' No I aintf' Then says he, 'You are the werry chap I want. StattrBticks tells in thin flv-blown collonv o' yourn there's 547,609 dwelling, and the Wringer Co. has sold 547,608 sowin' masheens; sold 'em on easy turms and on the refarred payment Bistem. Now, ses he, I'm a goin* to sell you a masheen.' 'Bat I don't want wen ' says L 'Bat look at the solace and the comfort ; observe the conwenieno.e and the joy of havin' one of 'em in the hoase,' says he. ' When the missus is all alone, what a company for her to make merry with — a whirrin' and a whizzin' away like anythink. Why, it's worth anythink merely for the comfort and the bliss of it to a lone, lorn woman.' 'But I aiut got no missus,' says X. ' Then get a masheen and get a missus too, says he as quick as Billy be danged — why, bless your eyes, a sowin' mesheun is alluB an indewsment to a woman to take a roan f or a husband and also a strong indewement to a man to take a wife, for he can't well work it himself. The Begisfcrar-Greneral reported to Parliament that out of 94,017 Wringers sold during 1884 52,924 were sold to men who were on the look out far wives, while 14,315 were sold (also on easy terms and refurred payments; to women what wanted husbands ; wanted 'em, and got 'em, too. Take a Wringer, and ths blessin's of an orphelin, for I've sworn,' says he, ' a wipin' away a tear, to sell the odd masheen or punish in the attempt. I'm an Amurcan myself, ses ho, and listen to what Amur ca's grate pote lorryate wrote about the Wringers : — He called it the ' Song of the Wringer,' and rote it : on tho easy turms and refurred payment sistem too, very easy turms and remarkably refarred payments, i I b'leve. The fust worse breeches the very sperritof trew potery : — Three canvassers came on this nrth. To Bell roasheens with, joy End murth. — ! Masheens to sow the clothes of men ? On easv turms. raid now and then. ' The three canvassers,' continued the melancholy bloke, ' alluded to so rapcherously is wot I may call a poetitickle Ksens of mine. They refers to the different stages of my existence ; and the second worse is even more bewtiful. It runs eo eggspres sive: — The furst a youth with, sole of fire. Celled by his -ih.ums that splendid lire. Threw Trash he wandered and by farms, Of Wringer singin' countless charms, ' That youth was me,' said the man, 'when I was young |and conparatively innercent.' Then the next stranger was even more apposit and trew : — The second with a beerded face, Sold Wringers in the market-place. ' These bloomin' fakes,' sed he, quite load, ' Should scoop the greed of this here crowd.' 'Then,' oon tinned this appallingly horrible bore, ' we reech the seer and yaller stage ?. — A red-nosed man kame 3rd and last; His lot was in the sitty least, Where the majoatict tramtar rolled, He, Wringers and the buyers, Bold. 'Then we allegorically pile ap the agony,'. says And all yrho teid these wneedlfng three Disputed who the best mite be. But all agreed 'twas quite an art, The way they made the public part. ' And now we draw nigh to the moral,' said the melancholy man : — The local agent says * I see No best in kind nor in degree ; The self-same gift I'll give to each. My f eelins overpower my speech.*! **And the moral,' said this raving lnnatio, again wiping his eye with ona of the nosebags — ' and tho moral is' You three hare done so wondrous well, I'm quite cleaned out, none left to sell, It grieves me much, alack, alack, Tohave to give snch men— the sack. ** Sacked in my old ago,' mused this very impojfa nate and melancholy stranger. 'Buy a masfiiKk, man, or rue the consequences ; I aint eold wane,' ha continued, ' for years ;' and added : — Three canvassers, on business bent, 'Went to tbe wilds of Oberon; Of njonW they had not a oent, And of masheens sold ne'er a one. ' Take a masheen,' sed he, ' III guarantee it ?will cut ap saasageB if you'll reverse the action. It *ll wash, wring, mangle, and sow on buttons if you'll add the appliances always ready made and pnrwided. Buy a masheen. It 'H reap, sow, mow, and bind, by attaching bands and cranks and by elongating the arm. Easy terms and refurred payments, a month's trial aloud.' ******* 'And did you hay one?' we asked of oar friend the stockman. His reply was both impressive and instraotiTe. ' I hurled him down the creek. His bleached, un buried boneg lie stall there as a caution to future worryers. His mate fled for deer life, and has not yet been heard of. The waggonette and horses are for sale.' P4 