LIP-LOYALTY. Ie the war cloud which has hung over the .British Empire during the last few weeks, and has even threatened these shores, has ? disturbed the public mind, and in any way affected commercial confidence, it has cer tainly produced one good effect. It has ' tested the loyalty of the people, and it has \- shown that, with the exception of an utterly insignificant section, the heart of the people ' is in the right place, and that they are ready — aye, willing — 'to strike for Crown and country abroad, and for hearth and home in their own land. This outburst of almost unanimous loyalty has not been ? evoked by the landing of a young prince ; it has not been a wretched party cry got up '. for still more wretched party purposes ; it has not been got up by a knot of disturbers of the peace as an opportunity for insulting ' one-third of the population, twenty times as loyal as themselves ; it has not been a mere lip-service, a mere holiday-cry got up at a , kid-glove review —it has been evoked at a time when the colony and the Empire were in real danger, and when an expression of feeling meant something. 3Tor the first time ; in the history of New South Wales we have learnt who ia loyal and who is disloyal. ; The suspicion with which very loud pro ?' f essions are regarded is proverbial, and is . more than justified by the history of Orange loyalty in this colony. Orangeism prof esses to be loyalty to the Queen. This is the initial, the vital principle. This has been given as the reason for all the strange vagaries by which the public peace has been : disturbed during the last twenty years. It has been the assumption that those who do not trust the sincerity of Orange professions ? must be necessarily disloyal, that has made them the bitter social and political enemies ' of liberal Protestants and Catholics, ousting them whenever they could from every posi UXUi-l UJL UUHl', JUUJ-l.UU.J-j UJL Ui3OJLUlJLi.CDu. J-JJ «/ strange freak of fate, we are now in a position to judge the sincerity of these blatant loyalists. At last an occasion arose : to test them. A war with Russia was im minent, which would require every man England could raise. But England's hands were tied by a crusade she had undertaken in Egypt. She could not withdraw from the Soudan without losing her prestige in India, which would have secured her defeat at the hands of Russia. The unwieldy size and the heterogeneous elements of the Empire consti tuted her greatest weakness in the eyes of her enemies. By the action of this colony, this idea was rudely contradicted. By the offer and acceptance of our' men and trea sure, we have altogether altered the ap parent strength of the Empire, and have rendered help at a time of real need. Here, then, one would have thought, was the very opportunity the Orangemen wanted to prove that fidelity to the Throne which has been : their boast — an opportunity of showing up the disloyalty of Catholics. The test has come and gone, the wave of public feeling ? has passed over the colony, and the result is instructive. While Catholics have proved themselves as loyal as the truest Englishmen, the Orangemen, and the Orangemen only, have belied their professions, and denounced those who sprang to the help of England in her hour of danger. This is the real signifi cance of Sir Henry Parkes's return for Argyle. The question decided by that elec tion was whether the Government did right in giving England help, and tho Orangemen answered it in tho negative. After this, let us hear no more about Orange loyalty. And it will not bo much use for Sir Henry Parkes to talk any more of his loyalty. Ad he has uniformly treated hio friends and supporters, so has he treated hu country. The lines on which he conducted his Argyle compaign leave no doubt that his loyalty has been merely a term by which he has stirred up the sectarian hatred to which he owes so many of his political victories. We doubt whether a real ghost could reinstate his loyalty in public opinion ; or if he listened through a key-hole, people would again believe his revelations. They have at last found him out, and that fate awaits him and his, which sooner or later awaits impostors. 