West Maitland Borough COUHCII. ELECTION OF MAYOE. ' On Monday evening a special meeting of the Borough Council of Weat Maitland was held in the Council Chambers, for the purpose of electing the Mayor for the carrent municipal year. There were present-Aldermen Pierce, Mullen, Belton, James, Crothers, Bussell, Norrie, Wolstenholme, and Wilkinson. The Mayor (Aldermen B. Hyndes) presided. The minutes of the previous meeting and of the election were read and confirmed. HOLIDAT ron THE CEICKET MATCH.-The Mayor said he had 1 received a requisition (whichheread,withthesignaturesj asking that he would make request for proclamation of a public holiday on Monday next, on the oc- casion of the match of the English cricketing eleven with twenty-two of the northern dis- trict.-After some little talk-in which it was pointed out that the requieitlonists desired to bave East Maitland and Morpeth included, whereas none of the signatories were resi- dents of those places-it was decided that the Mayor should be authorised by the Coun- cil to ask for a holiday for the district of Maitland. EIECTIOK OF MAYOS. It was determined, on the motion of Alder- man Wilkinson, seconded by Alderman Norrie, that the election should be conducted by open voting. Alderman Norrie had much pleasure in rifting to propose Alderman William Belton for election as Mayor of the borough for the ensuing year. Alderman Belton had been a member of the Council for almost five years ; during that period he had not only been a very regular attendant at meetings of the Council, but he had also taken an active and intelligent part in the discussion of the various matters which in the space of that time had come before the Council. He had not however confined himself to the work of a member of Council ; he had also taken office as member of the Improvement Committee, aB member of the floodgates committee ; and on other committees of the Council he had at all times proved himself to be a ready and energetic worker. He had never spared himself, but I whenever there was work to be done, Alder- man Belton was always there to do it. He had always been courteous in his conduct towards his brother aldermen, and he (Alder- man Norrie) trusted that in view of the con- siderations he had put forth, they would re- cord their votes in Alderman Belton's favor. He felt confident that, if Alderman Belton was elected, he would prove a worthy successor to their present worthy Mayor. With those few words he begged to propose Alderman William Relton as Mayor for the ensuing year. Alderman JameB seconded the proposition. He had been on committees with Alderman Belton, and found him a very good worker. He did not shirk his work. He was courteous to every one, and if there was any honour in connexion with the Council, that honour should be shared among those eligible for it. He said fearlessly that Alderman Belton was a good worker; he attended well at the com- mittee meetings ; he was always willing and ready to go anywhere, to do anything he pos- sibly could ; and he thought Alderman Belton was entitled to the position of Mayor. Alderman Mullen had much pleasure in proposing Alderman Bobert Hyndes aB Mayor of that Council for the current year. They had already had the opportunity of ob- serving Mr. Hyndes' conduct in the chair, and although for the first year there must be some few shortcomings expected in the case of a novice, they must have felt thoroughly satisfied by the way in which Mr. Hyndes bad done the work, and must feel that he was fully entitled to re-elec- tion, and to that mark of their sense of his worth. In asking the Mayor to take the chair for a second term, they might look back specially on two things - the honorable and kind way in which Mr. Hyndes had borne himself in the office of Mayor, and the precedent which had been set in previous years of re-electing the Mayor. He did not believe, after putting a man in the position for one year, so that he might get used to it, in ousting him at the end of the time. More than once they had re-elected the Mayor, and they should do it once more on that occasion. He would not say a single word against his friend Mr. Belton. At the same time, inasmuch as they had seen the manner in which Mr. Hyndes had acted in the chair, it was only fair to the Council to ask him to accept the position once more. AB it waB not pleasant to butter a man to his face, he would say no more, but ínerely propose Alderman Bobert Hyndes as Mayor. Alderman Wolstenholme seconded the proposition of Alderman Mullen with much pleasure. He need say nothing in favour of Mr. Hyndes-he was well known to them, and had shown his capability in the past. They could judge therefore what his conduct in the future would be. Alderman Crothers was sorry that on that occasion there should be a contest for the chair. No matter how he gave his vote, it would cause some uneasiness. But he in- tended to do his duty to the ratepayers fearlessly. He had not yet had the pleasure of working with Alderman Belton, but he had no doubt whatever that what Alderman Norrie and James had said of him was true. He felt convinced of that. Both candidates had left him free to act. Neither had canvassed him. He intended to give his rote in what he believed to be was in [ accordance with the wishes of the large ma- jority of the ratepayers, and he hoped the gen- tleman against whom he voted would not think the worse of him or be angry. He should vote for Alderman Bobert Hyndes. Mr. Hyndes had filled the chair creditably; he knew Mr. Hyndes, and he felt bound to vote for him. At the same time, he hoped and believed that Alderman Belton would some day fill the chair. The votes were then taken. The motion for the election of Mr. Belton was lost, and that for the election of Mr. Hyndes was carried. The Mayor-Elect said - Gentlemen, I thank you very much indeed for electing me as your Mayor for this year. This is the second time you have done me the honor, and without any solicitation on my part ; and it has proved to me that what little ability I possess has been appreciated by you. Although, had you elected any other gentle- man to fill this chair, I should have been per- fectly satisfied. During the time of my mayoralty I can assure you I did my utmost to uphold the dignity of this town, and the dignity of this Council. I assure you I have no wish to monopolise this chair -,- "1 -no wish whatever. It haB always been my wish to do what I cotlld for thin borough. My interests are in it, and, ia attending to the wants of the borough, I have been attending to my own interests. I have to thank you for the courteous manner ia which you have treated me during the past year. If I have made mistakes in carrying out the duties of my office, I can assure you they were not wilful miBtokes. I can only say now that it gives me great pleasure to testify to the good order with which this Council has conducted its business during the past year. I trust that the good feeling that has hitherto existed will continue, and that we ßhall all work harmoniously together for the progress and benefit of the town. I thank you heartily for again placing me in the chair, and I trust I shall do my duty hereafter in the same way that I have dona it ia the past. Alderman Belton said he supposed ho -appeared befere them as a candidate for the chair who had been defeated. Although defeated, he was not disappointed ; although an aspirant to the position, he waB not very sincerely an aspirant, When he first entered the Council, it was thoroughly understood by the gentlemen in the Council that honors, if they could be so called, should pass round. So far they had passed round till the present time. When he was nominated he did not expect the ghost of a chance. Still, he was manly enough to say he would test the election, to show that at least some portion of the Council adhered to the understanding. He would not say it boastingly, but neverthe- less fearless of contradiction, that he feld himself just as competent to fill the chair; as any gentleman who hod previously occu- pied it, including the present Mayor. He wai quite prepared, however, to accept the decision of the Council. He thanked the two gentlemen who had the manly spirit, knowing the absence of a shadow of a chance, to pro- pose him ; and he thanked also the gentlemen who had voted againBt him. He was surja they did so conscientiously. He bad nothing to gain from success, and he was not »wara that he had lost anything by not getting tha position. He believed, however, in rising, and if there was any honor to be acquired to get it. He had risen in life ; he Btarted very low indeed, and believed he enjoyed the good will and esteem of everyone. In the Council he had always endeavoured to do his duty, and he would do BO in the future without fear or favour. He had promised when elected to do his duty to all classes of the ratepayers, not to any one class in particular, and so he would continue. He thanked the gentlemen who had in a manly spirit recognised his claims to the chair; he should not easily forget their display of kindly feeling. _ But he was perfectly satisfied with the position in which he found himself. The business then ended, but members oE the Council and some other gentlemen at the invitation of the Mayor, adjourned to Full I ford's Hotel, and celebrated the result of tjha election in modest libations. 