LECTURES. -AT THE APOSTLES' CREED. A lecture on " The Apostles' Creed " was delivered yesterday afternoon in St. Andrew's Cathedral by the Primate. Dr. B.YHiiy having referred to the three great Creeds the Athanasian, the Picone, and the Apostles, said that he designed to trace the history and substance of the latter. That it was in any sense, as we have it now, n creation of the apostolic ago was altogether a mistake. Its first formation dated from the very beginning of Christianity. It grew up in various Churches horn immemorial antiquity, and was peculiarly the great creed of the Western Church, for the Council. of Florence, in tlieMtli century, representatives of the Greek Church neither had nor know" of this creed. It was found with a Community of substance but variations of form in the Churches of Italy, Spain, Africa, Gaul, England, Scotland, and Ireland, and these were the different representative branches of the Western Church. The varia- tions worochioilvin fulness. Theyvvoretoldbv St. Augustine that the creed of baptismal profession was not committed to writing, in order to prevent it from falling into heathen hands. It was preserved orally, and it was possible to trace its substance distinctly through the works of the great writers of the Western Church, in the second, third, and fourth centuries. It was referred to by Premiers in ISO as a canon of faith. Tertullian, the great African father, who lived in the year 200 A.D., uses in his writings the expressions " only One God, omnipotent, Creator of the universe, and His Son Jesus Christ, born of the Virgin Mary, crucified under Pontius Pilate, raised again the third army from the dead, sitting at the right hand of the Father, destined to come to judge the quick and the dead, through the resurrection of the flesh." Cyprian, who died in 258 A.D., clearly alluded in his writings to the interrogations which constitute an acceptation of the faith. The most remarkable example of this early knowledge of the faith was the fact that Marcollus, a century later, presented to the Church of Rome a summary of the faith in the Roman tongue, and it corresponds precisely with our Apostle's' Creed, omitting the words " maker of heaven and earth," " he descended into hell," and the communion of saints." About the end of the same century Rufinua spoke of the Creed of the Church of Rome and that of Aquila, and said that the words descended into hell " were not in that of the Church of Rome The Apostles' Creed was not found in its full explicit terms until the 7th century, when it was met with in the Gallic Church, It was a common thing to omit the words communion of saints," as it was merely regarded as a synonym for the Holy Catholic Church, and the words "life everlasting" were also omitted, as it was always taken for granted with the resurrec- tion, The chief variation was the omission" of the words "he descended into hell," which were not found in the Nicene Creed or in any of those of the Eastern Churches, or even in the early forms of the Western CreedS. It was probably omitted, as it was not held to be so important an article of faith as the Incarnation, Passion, Resurrection, and Ascension. There was no doubt that the Apostles' Creed grew up from the baptismal profession until it finally assumed the form which it now bears. It was adopted as the Creed the Church of Rome, and then by natural selection became the great creed. The Church of England made it the one and only profession of faith for all her adherents. It formed the interrogation in baptism. It was the creed by which children were taught in the Catechism, and was even used to examine the profession of a side or dying person. He believed that in the eye of the law of England every man who had been baptised and accepted the Apostles' "Creed had a right to the membership of the Church of England. The first article of the creed was not confined exclusively to Christianity, but was the fundamental article of what had been called actual religion. The belief in God as our Creator, our Father, and our Father Almighty, contained the very substance of all religion that accepted a living God. In the second article they had brought out in the plainest and simplest terms the nature of Jesus Christ. It spoke of Him first in his divine nature, and then passed on to the various acts of His manifestation-His Incarnation, Passion, Resurrection, and Ascension, His sitting in glory, and his future coming to judge the quick and the dead. The third article contained in the simplest form a belief in the third person of the Trinity, the Holy Ghost. It was believed as a doctrine on the word of Christ Himself. Lastly comes the subsidiary portion ; a belief in the Holy Catholic Church was here laid down. It said that Christ constituted a great society, which He called His Church, to which he gave the privilege of the communion of saints and the forgiveness of sins in the acceptance through faith of the justification of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the resurrection of the body to eternal life. This was the history and substance of the creed. If they accepted the initial authority of Holy Scripture they must have been final and absolute creed, and if this was necessary, they could not have a briefer or plainer one than the Apostles' Creed, which had grown up from time immemorial. A creed of this nature was an unmistakable benefit to the Church. It brought out in the clearest manner the duties of a Christian, and they should return devout thanks to God for having bestowed" it upon them. The Primate announced at the conclusion that his next lecture would be on the Nicene Creed, and he then pronounced a benediction, which terminated the proceedings. _ 