MELBOURNE NEWS, ' Saturday ovomng. lhq Fourth, tho Fourth, the glorious Fourth ! That is what is considered tho tiling to say to-day, though why Englishmen, who talk now so much about Foderation, should call that day glorious, winch memorises the severatico of England from her greatost colony, I am at a loss to appreciate. 1 would willingly blot out such phrases as Com memoration Dlay and Separation Day from tlio language of the English speaking races; and oven this trifle might servo to pave tho way for that roal Empire of the Anglo Saxon race,-' yet to bo slroug and wido enough to have no motive for territorial acquisition, but a real Empire of un dollbted infiuenco, not one whoso power was open to question by any couple of bolligoront Statos. The recoption of tho new Consul- General for tho Statos, Colonel James MorriB Morgan, to-day, was attended by noarly 200 guests, and, though this is bolow tho nverago of times past, that fact was to bo accountod for by tliocircumstnnoe that the formal proceedings wore held at an unusual hour, and I met several gentlemen speoding to the Consulate-General botweon one and two, who were not aware" that an alteration in the usual fixture had taken place. Our Ministry, with the exception of tho Hon! A. Deakihj Wlio, from pressure of business," wns coustrained to present his apologies by proxy, wefo conspicuously absent, and this Tact excited some commorit among our American cousins; who are exceptionally keen in all matters of etiquette. In other' respects, the offioial and social rank of the guests ' presented showed how highly Victorians value 'tlio friendships of America. Thcao 'Social1 courtesies may soem to sofhd "but trifler, but wlieii- we'reinembor any omission of tliosa forms tlio subject of special Consular re port and comment it will bo recognised that thoy exercise an important infiuenco in our official intercourse with nations, with which wo desire to do business and terms of amity. From enquiries made aihimgst gentlemon, who express leading Univoisity "thought, I am convinced thoro is not 'i ho "slightest prospect of the Ballarat, or any other, School of Mines be coming affiliated to the Melbourno institution. The fact that the London University admits such claims has been used as au argument, but tlio authorities of our 'alnia-mater' hold that this establishes no precodont, inasmuch as the Lon don institution is not a teaching one, and. issues 'ad eundem' degrees in' the freest and most liberal spirit. Practically, except in the School of Modicino, ours does much the same tiling, but they hope ultimately to greatly constrict theso liberties, and only turn out Melbourne University alumni, with tlio Victorian stamp fully impressed on them. Cognate with this mattor, it may be mentioned that it is still tho dream of somo of tho University authorities to establish a complete College of Veterinary Science, where young stock-owners and others from all parts of Australia may obtain a thorough knowledge of the diagnosis and treatment of dis eases of animals, and the' chemistry of pasturage, raising, and agriculture. I fancy, however, that tho Voterinary School, in connection with the Collego of Agriculture, proposed to be established, will liavo the wind of this idea. As people travel much in these days, and country visitors form a large proportion of the audiences of our metropolitan theatres, I think it only right to moniion IhBt they should not too readiy accept the judgment of a por tion of tho Melbourne Press on Mr George Darroll's now play, " The Squatter." I spoak as one who had an experienoe of over nine years as a writer on the drama, who has boon present at every important performance that has taken plaoo in Melbourne, from the days of the old Queen's, Bell and Black's Royal, the Pantheon, and the Olympic Theatres to the present time. To me it seemed -I was present, as customarily, on the first night— that, ' malagro ' some soli- ciaisms in the dialogue, Mr Darrell's play is remarkably typical of Australian life and man ners, replete with legitimate sensations, which arise naturally and without 'straining, after effect freed from the mechanical vices of the modern stage — most prescient Boucicault for give me— and altogether interesting from Btart to finish, with a power in many scones which gives you that peouliar blood curdling creepy sensation afforded by the ghost music in the Corsican Brothers. Let me add for the in formation of those cynics, who think nobody in these days can speak the truth without having a motive for it that I neither know Mr Darrell nor tho management, and simply write from a feeling that had tho author not been nn Austra lian ho would not have been so virulently written down. — Let the public judge. Another winter Charity Ball is to be given on the 30th inst. to celebrate the opening of the New Homcepathic Hospital.. At tho inquest on Barbara Ooylo, who died from the effects of drink, the husband was re quired as an important witness, but in his stead a message was received from the Hotbam police, stating that at the time he was incapably drunk in the lock-up. Another expedition to New Guinea is pro jected hnder the leadership of Mr Stewart, naturalist to the recent "Age" one. Mr O. E. Clarke is the promoter. News has been received in Melbourne that the American barque Obed Baxter, 877 tons, which cleared from this port a few days since for Newcastle, en route for ' Manilla.- had a narrow escape from being hurst prior to clearing Port Phillip Heads. When' close to the1 en trance of the west channel,1 tlici vcBsel became wind bound, and was unable to proceed to 'sea. At daylight on Thursday morning it Was reported that the ship was on fire. The captain with his officers and crew, at onoe saw something was burning from the hold at the fore-peak. The pumping gear was speedily got to work, pour ing oontinous streams of water into the bnrniug part. Hand buokest were also freely used, and by those efforts, with two hours-work, all danger was over. What appears a strange 'feature in the case is, it was found that tho hatches had been removed, and the holds were morely covered over with tarpaulins. The oaptain en deavoured to ascertain who had removed the hatches, but was unable to do 80, as everyone of tho crew denied all knowledge. They were morely runners engaged for the trip to New castle, where a completo crew would be engaged. An investigation of the seat of the fire clearly showed that it had boen caused intentionally. Thoro wore paper, small ohips, shavings, oaknm and tar strewn all around, and some of tho former had been dipped in kerosene. Had not the veBsel been detained, no doubt sho would after getting outside the Heads, hare been burnt to the water's edge. There were a couplo of hundrod people at the Friendly Sociotiei Gardens this afternoon to witness the five milo run for 100 between O'Connor and Foise. They went" away to a fair start, but after three miles were gone, the raoo was never in doubt, O'Connor, winning easily by fully 250 yards. Time — 27min 7soo. The body of a newly-born male ohild was found by Constable Fitzpatriok, of Hotham, . this morning, and removed during the day to the morgue, where an inquest will probably be hold on Monday. The body was wrapped in a copy of the " Age" newspaper. A drover named George Smith nppearod at tho City Court to-day to prosooute two womon for' having robbed him of L120. On being told that1 the case would have to stand ovor till Monday ; ho said he had to be off by the steam to Towns- ville. Smith informed the benoh that he did' not Think any more of L100 than Borne of the TdKTrates did of 5s. Tho women wero (lis- qHRd. The incident above-mentioned serves to remind ono of tho early days when men wore, frequently " floeoed" of thoir money. and spent it; recklessly and without any hesitation. Mr Charles Ernest Clarke, 34 Collins-street, Melbourne, reports sales as follows : — Band and Albion Consols, Ballarat; 00a; Queens Birthday, Malmsbury, 33s 3d, 32s, 31s Cd ; North Long, Tuntiol, Walhalla, 12s Gd ; Eureka Extended,' Sandhurst, 2Ga ; United Devonshire, Sandhurst,' Qdi !4fcrV»i .l&MMi; Noit fttfaMK, V V I 