IRoveUst j a n l t o n F d o o m . CHAPTER IX,—(CONTINUED.) By WAIF WANDER. " Since about two o'clock, as far as I can I;arn, and since then poor little Daniel has been to'all their old haunts in search of her. But, my dear madam, she must be found. I have told you that scores of men are in search of her." She was gazing at him as if her life hong on his words She,was weighing every one of them as though to catch some hope she oould not feel, and then she burst into a torrent of pleading and reproof, and prayers that sadly approached a blasphemy that would have shocked-herself in calmer moments. " You are playing with me, only, Mr. Pollard; how could you, -such an old friend, a inan who was valued -and respected by my dead husband, how could you come to tell me in earnest that my child, my all is lost ? How could she be lost? Guardian is with her. Do you know what lost means in Australia? It means lying dead in the bush, with the eaglehawks picking but her eyes. How dare you hint such a thing to me ? As if a God oould dare to be so cruel as to treat my darling so! " Even as she stopped, suddenly she dropped to the ground as one stricken dead, but as they hastened to raise her it was soon evident, from the strong convulsions of her limbs, that the poor woman was in a serious fit. "Bun for Dr. Syme, Daniel," cried Mr. Pollard, "let us carry lier in to her own bed, Ellen, jaow that the violence of .the fit is. exhausted." CHAPTER X. TIM'S BECBET. We return again to the Nugget claim, where^; as the evening shadea'deepened, our friend Tady was preparing to leave the gully for the night. He had shared the supper of the two new men, who were in future to sleep on the claim, and the great fire they had built up against an old fallen tree was throwing strong gleams of ted light against the sides of the gully opposite to it, and up on the crooked dead branches straggling above it. The shadows were deepening, too, as the last beams of light faded from the west, andstrikwg contrasts were growing out in queer dark shapes behind the glowing fire that warned Tady it was time to be off. " Say a prayer before ye turn in boys," he adviBed, for be the powers it's a lonely place." " Are you afraid of ghosts," Tady 1" asked one of the Dorane, laughingly,, take another sup of the grog before yon go, and the ghosts • wont trouble you on the way back. l f or my part, I've got a Biz-chambered revolver in my' belt, and I have more faith in the effects of that than I have in a waggon- load of prayers." " No, I've had enough of the drink, Tady returned, as he pulled up his trowsers preparatory to what lie himself would have -called " taking the road," " an' if you had twenty revolvers a prayer would ho better than 'em all as regards that spot." He pointed to the murder claim aB he said good night and turned his back upon it gladly, and yet with a due.reisolleotioa of the lonely way he had to go. before he reached the township. Far had it been from Tady's intention to let the darkness find him sway from Marranga, but it had been a day of great excitement, and poor Tady had found the young Dorans' .grog EO recuperating that it had been to him, in a certain sense, the Waters of oblivion. He would not for -fifty pounds have faced the hour in that ispot had it not been for the courage inspired fay the "sups" he had imbibed, and even now; its strength was dying out, as ho tramped loudly to keep himself company fin the deepening shadow of Murder Gully. If it had not been for the one faot that he was superstitious, Tady would have been a: ^SPPy—a perfectly. happy man that night. HiBonehope, the hope, nay almost certainty, which had led him back from the Old land over all those watery.'miles, was accomplished' —the claim was a golden one ; and now that a new feelihjg, or yrather the revivification ;of an oldoneas "love" was an almost normal condition with Tady, had arisen In hisheart the gold had made his darling Nora more than s hope with him. "An' why shouldn't I? " he BoliliquiBed BE he began to.think of the girl, and half forgot his surroundings,'"I'm a rich man, and the world is before me; why should they deny me Nora? Av coorse she's bcther nor-me rll out; Idoa't deny that, eure she's a priest's' sisther, but I'm sober an'honest, and.fcave the main thing/' and he : slapped his -pocket A ,few quick steps onward, and he stopped: suddenly. "Bedad, I don't see why I shouldn't go -over thisl minnit and see the^crathury-sure she doesn't know of me luck yet, for it isn't afther, tellin' her I'd ha itself afore Mr. Leonard. 3?aix I!H gp—it isn't much oat of me way at all." Thus decided hp turned to the left out of the gully iasMa. of tapping tp the right down by the creek. St. Herricks, as"'it was always called, was but a short half, mile frbhi the end of the gully, but to reaoh- the cottage Tady had to cross t;he track that'ied';up to 1 the cemetery. ' As he waB orbBstng St lohg 1 howl, or rather Whice;eame <2owt? the'hiHio' his ears, and he started to almost run, with!' all Jhis bid feeling of EnperetitiouB lear re vived. i J.;. " Bad m to it for, a.;j>lace," ;he, muttered, 1 ; "'twas ever an' always a lonesome roadup thereof & night;: but since that black day inthe Gully 'tis worse. - Jjord, hetune ue ahJ ali harm, I wonder if it : is adogatall.'' - •'. At the same, spot near the fence of-'fit,,, Herrick's, where he had' first spoken'1n' Nora Brady, Tady paused to examinetheEurrpuhdings, 'and speculate on his;.chance jof seeing-.the, girl on this occasion. 1 Inihe. shadow .of the . shrubberies It was how so! nearly dark that ;the light in the only room ^art ivy:that oo'attd• the wall; this window Was'near.afigl6*of ; the main building, where aside wing abutted,* and Tady knew it was the window of' Father James'room. ^ " It looks as if they are all in bed," thoughF the Irishman, as he bent over the fence and looked all round the house, " though it's early yet. That's the priest's windy, an' by all accounts he keeps a light tenia' on till ; mornin*; I'd be - afeard to whistle, he might hear me, and Nora'd get into trouble oyer me. I wonther whatl'lldo?" . , C H As he was wondering, a shout so hoarse, so strident, so suggestive of some awful and.onknown horror rang around bis.ears tha|t' he . raised his hands to them as it to shut it but; his ewes, however, turned toward the lighted window, froth which the noise seemed to proceed. Staring at it he saw for a moment cast on the curtain, the jshadow of ja man Jwho seemed to be 'twisting and Writhing about oiit of all human form, and the heart of the terrified man seemed to stop for a moment in absolute fear. "In the name of heaven," he muttered! dropping one hand to cross, himself, " is it murder that is goin' on an' I standin' here doin' nothin'? If I thought 'fcwaaihat I've a strong pair av hands, but what would I do at all if it's in one of his tantrums he is, and he to see me?" ... .....,. , , ¥..... ?,-f A moment's silence, as the .shadow sudi denly disappeared from the blind, gave Tady courage to bound over the- fene'e and begin to creep nearer to the window. He would try and satisfy himself by listening nearer, or per- chance by seeing, if he bad an opportunity, and then if he could help he would make his presence known, and assist thepriestif necessary. ' : •'; That was the decision that made Tady creep along by the fence until he had reached the part of it that was only separateS'-from the wing of the cottage by the width of a pathway, and then he darted acroBs and stopped again to listen in the shelter of the ivy-clad house itself. He was nowBO close to ,the window itself thai by spreading himself along the; wall, be .could have touched it; but be was afraid to TUBtle the ivy -tn .thesUeripbTwhich Seemed: to him almost unnatural.. He could hear the heating of his own heart,-until suddenly' again a voice spoke loud, fieroe words, and he recognised it as tho voice of Father James.., I have you on the hip now.mineenemy," were the opening words of triumph apparently, and then there Wafc'a'ahriek of such diabolical laughter that Tady trembled. " TJiere is a talisman that.will- frighten you., out of my path for ever I Ha 1 T hive told" many a liesincel saw your living face; if yon ' haven't better company than me by,this time, f and something else to do besides haunting my lite, curse jou.l" A jause.then, and, a gibbering suchas one may hear in the cell of, a maniac, and then a fresh shout and a 'scuffle as if of half-a-dozen men. Tady was "solely afraid, but he ivas also very curious to see what was going cn in the priest's room iBeBides he had had various liinta,that her,' brother was queer, .'from Nora—a rqaeernesM that the girl attributed entirely to his temper, hut which Tady began to suspect might probeed from insanity; at all events, he ventured to crawl, little by little, nearer the window, •and to at last get his face pushed through the• ivy screen jjuite close to it. The window was a low cottage one, and an accident favored Tady's eepial-^one ,of.jthe tacks which had supported the corner of the white blind had given way, aDd ,the corner had dropped, leaving the spadev hand- • breadth of the glass uncovered. ..This.^p^ce •was above Tady'^-eyes,, but" he ; Bootf'iaised -them to its level by placing his ioot in a nook of the strong ivy-stems, and holding a firm grip of another nook above him. !f i ' 'What -wae.it, then, that the poor fellow saw that had ouch, a terrible effect on many :awful weeks of his innocent life? V What'sliscovery did he make that drove rest "from hia pillow, flesh from hie boceB, and peaoe 'from his mind for it time that he remembeied with dread and horror dunng all his after life 5 He saw in the ;middle of the room he was peeping into, a man whom hecoald not immediately xecognise &b; JT&ther; > Jamee Brady- This man" was nndrtessed to hie shirt and trousers, and had the sleeves of the former rolled up, showing his thin bare arms., The head of this man waB tonsured—Tady saw that—but his face was not the face of the priest. It couldn't be; that face, distorted with a terrible, fierce passion, with eyes aglare with fear and horror, with. the.moisture of ghastly suffering, falling in great drops from his haggard cheeks,'had no resemblance to that of the white-faced .priest, even as he had been during his attack in the gully a few hours previously I .. And yet it was a face that seemed somehow terribly familiar to Tady, yethe could not tell how or why. Staring at it in puzzled' bewilderment that seemed still to fascinate him, he watched the man's , strange movements, and listened to his awful words, shouted aloud as if there were no human earB to listen fwithin wide miles. • , -> .. ;• ; Who .was. he talking to? There waB no living being within the room, yethe sent his wild jibes at some objeet .he glared at,"and he waved something he ealled hie " talisman " in the imaginary face of a foe. ^.Within a circle of many feet there was not around him a tangible object, yet at ehort intervals he seemed, to grasp,something in his long thinarms, and straggle with it, throwing and writhing his limbs as it appeared around other limbo, panting meanwhile with fierce, hot pants, until "he: staggered against the wall exhausted and faint, to be- revived when he- regained strength to reaoh a bottle and glass, and pour' a fiery draught down Jiis hot throat. It was- a fearful sight, yet one .that poor Tady^s eyes olung to in an awful curiosity. What likeness was it that haunted hlm as he watohed. the man's .face J Whos$ voice did: the awful shouts - wad anathemas of this man xernind him of ? What, again sndiftgaln he asked himself, what was the objeot with wliiah he seemed to ithreftten his onseen adversary as he waved it wildly in the air. " Foiled again ! " he wonld shout,the touch of thai is better -than any fiiorcisml Tve tried that yon know. BelI, bookj at!.d candle, ha 1 ha 1 ha 1 aB if they would avail anythingin my handshut i have beaten you you know, you cannot orosB tJiat—be&pa; you withyourown weapone too. Hai halAa 1 : Again a season of. panting - irest, -with the light of the lamp full'in his face, and the, fingers around "which; his; 'fialitoan". was turned was pressed hard'jagainst his left side only to suddenly attack hie -enemy ^again until again exhausted. ' » Xtfia curse, is it? The cuiie'of^t. Eerripk nnder his own tool); Htt l hai ha Much Igsr^teiit.Q See it every day until I die, eh"? TVell, ! who bares? I'am not afraid bf it now." It was when heftaggered once more against .the wall gasping and completely worn out that Tady saw at last the nature of his talisman—it was a longiress of giRle, fair hair,. ;and there were clmgingiTJaiklspbts but it was not 'that which made Tady's fingers unloose their clasp upon the ivy, andj his nerveless limbs bend beneath himf hehadi I recognised tho likeness in that terrible face, 'and shrank from it in an - overwhelming horror. " , Mj God, have mercy upon me 1" he oried, in his extremity as he climbed over the fence and hastened from, fthe^awlnl spot.i "What'lII do? whaVir'r do at %11,'at 'all*? IWbat sin is on me sowl that this secret is to lie upon me like a lump ov lead that-11 idrag-' me down into the grave, so it will * ' * love.; ifor^^Nora ! at^^that^^£u^fem%'mimefiiifttfgbttehi* all his superstitious fears of the lone darknessaroundhim. When he had got so far away: from St. Herrick's that ; he need-not 4read pursuit, should the maiilhe hSdihBeh ;watch-: ing have overheard His sudden fall and departure, he dropped down on the grasa .aiid buried his honest face in his tremblirig;- labor-rough hands. Oh, no; there was no thonght of ,Nora ifuet then. The lonely sound' of the soughing breeze among the rustling leaves :was Mil-.: heard by him, and he did not see the moonray that crept up his knees as the moon in her first..quarter neared theJops. of_the trees in theijR'esti .A Jjright streak jt 'Was, filtered through the waving leaves, and restless like them. Sometimes it glanced under the hrim of his hat, and sometimes glinted piist his bowed shoulders, but Tady saw it not— lie saw nothing, and thought ofnothipg but. the dread Hsefcret that he 6%hi to tell; andllhat' : he must keep for the sake of many hundreds of souls other than'his own. ' / He murmured his" thoughts occasionally. and unwittingly, and groaned in an agony that he had never felt in physical pain; / ; "There is no one but fir. Leonard," he muttered, " and I daren% tell him; for Iiknow jwhat he would say—butjh'oW ! tell it, and he a priest ? No matter what's past and gone, he |te*|wornithe holy .vestments,iaind fbrthelionot of iny church' I 'mustn't spake 1 Oh God Almighty, help a poor sinner, for-I don't know what, to ido l". -, rr Tady got up kfferrthis'' cry. foi help,'and marohed ..op his lrsy to the .township. He had., to,crbss .the .little ..bridge oyer the creek, jnear Mrs. St. Herrick's cottage, .and; he jaw lights flitting about from window to window, but he took no notice, for as yet he did not know anything of Resignation being Jost, or her mother's serious illness:" r -The garden^ withrittf^ale flowers,: lay in the Iho'on" and shadow silently as he passed—almost as. silently as theirjoif-shobts lay on that-grave 1 up in the Ion^.,Semeteryj-but hoWMbuldepoor. Tady know that never again would the sweet bhM .bend.ovier^them, • <Jr, pluckja blosspm from their stems 1 • The bedroom Tady occupied at the quiet: hotel they still remained at was at, the back, With a door opening from it direct into the yard,' andlhe WduId ihaye stolen routtd' to it' quietly only that the landlord was watching, fqrhiin.jand Baw- ita',.as he passed the hat.' flpor.;'yiS! •....:,'•' •., :.! r,„: i " Stop, Connor!" he cried," I have a mes- ; sageior-you;" "AnieBBage:fromwho"?'' : the; poor fellow asked, as .he turned hack un'- Willingly. f „ ( % / / j. % ^ " From Mr. Prosser; he has been hew looking for you, and wants you to go down! to the claim as soon as you oome back." " I can't," ,fiaid fTady, sMtVily^ fflPm dead, beat, and fipfor hothing but b'ed^ " What' ean he want me there for at this time o' night;" r " Don't you know 1 Haven't you heard 1 Good lord, the whole place is jinging with " Iheard. npthmgwhat is.it?" "Why, Mrs. St.=Hemoli'Blittle^riB lost, and everyone that could has turned out after her. It's .tbe 4ucerWt thingi stoo; In 'the little girl knew every inch of the country, and that great ;dpg~of .•thfeirJa was .with her. -We are beginning to be afraid that she's met with toul play, and the .poor mother has taken it to heart so that she's got a stroke or gomething." ;7 j ! ; " Met withfmdpTayV ' They were the last words of the man's explanation that fell upon Tady's ears, and they filled them to the exclusion of-..all .else for a' time. y. .Resignation St. HerricK had ihet'with foul play, iind was loBt 1 Resignation St. fierrickhad long, pale, fair hair; what about that" talisman" Father JameS Saved' gibout.f and- twisted' la his; finprsT' % | k ? <> )' f Tady uttered an erelamation of horror, and conldi Aot «spe&^-Tbut'^he~^btiohed 46 Hhelandlord to be supplied from a decanter at hand. "My word hut you do look ilI,...Tadyl. Whatever's up with you ? Brihkjthat'bfi aaiU 4ee if it will bring the life into you." f Tady obeyed, but the draught brought no Colour te his white cheeks; and, refusing a 'repetition. of the to Ms Toom, and threw himself 'upon his bed. ^ *0f the battle he fought there, he never epoke but silence, save to Him who hears the very It was ^twb 4A hours itterwardfe"th'at Leonard tried the doer of Tady's ioom, and (brand it fastened:; iTsdyJ : heard'Shim;;l3)ut;. dreading to meet the young man's keen eyes, he took no notice of the attempt to gain ad-, mittance. Leonard was not, however, to<be put oS that way, for the landlord'a iaotsonnt of his humble friend's looke had-alarmed him, and he spoke sharper than was hie /wont in : hie determination to see,fpr himself .what was* the matter. \ " I knew you're inside Tady,". was what he said, " and you may aa well let me-in at-once, iorinril_get." . The diBtraoted man opened the door instantly, and felt grateful for "thedarknesB'thaf: hid his fpoe from|his, kind young master's gaze. •' • " "" "You are sick and in the dark Tady;; what is the matter?" Leonard- asked, as he struck a match and fit the*chamber <!&ndle; he knew was upon the little table. There svas no answer, 5and when the wick had ignited, gathered nutriment and threw out flsufficient light.to see by, young Prosser turned round and looked at Tady. The Irishman; wa| fitting on :the-:edge ot his bed supporting himBelf, as it were, on his hands, which, at either side of him, were spread npon the - counterpane. - He was staring at the floor before him» witWhis head! bowed and an indescribable air of mise^asd' hopeleBBneBs prevailing every line ,:of ; his. figure. f^o^eU^he liruthi Leohaidliadjfou^d himaelfiljghtly Infiuenoed.lby.fiiiarlie JSHis's; persistent' asser^on that Tady wasjmder the' influence "6f diihl£,|)pt idne loofcot. the .well: known face Assured himihat it was not so. " What's the matter with you Tady? " . Hojeply Bgain. ' ' 1 " Are you. Speak my friend, for I pip5t knoWf"^'' . T - gentle " my- friend," and if was with an almoBt savage'enetgy that he cried out-^- - 1 > "®jrShe'love'of XSoi. don't s'sk me Mr," Tieonardl don't, dbn't, for 1 can't tall you 1"; ^'^uBt'psk j»ou Tady,,'for if yon ate uick I mqBtjgo and bnngihe'dootorio you." -'-Ohrm not sjcf Mr. leonirdl I wants no 5octprr»t,aU, Bt^Ht-.but for the love p' <Wd lxftfrtex me no qu^itibnBl •. • -"A^ueer thin'g to say io tnej^ihiB timecf day Connor. I should have thonght twice before saying such aching r tp you;' Are we going;::to begin to have secrets from each other so late in life old fellow ? " ...'i I can't help it sir I Ican'tindeedl Oh Mr. Leonard, there are things that no one man ,can,tell3inother,.after gill " ?''They must' lie very Berious things Tady; rio'auch cait'eSst betwefen you and me." .-'J,! ax it of.you for the sake of my mother, thetwbSfnVihat euckled you, sir, not to question me. There's, something oil my mind thai irill-killjmq fippn, I-pray, fantthatl must carry to* iny" igriave' a aeoret. Look, sir, I'd iay down my life for you, you know that "well, but I cannot tell you this, and don't torture " I^b hbt'unBerstaiid it, Tady, but I mil only aBk you one thing—surely you are more feel this way over a girl iike Nora BilSdy ;'iflt iB' a qciarrelwith her that has put youinto ihis state of misery I cannot pity TjBliX^'^'STrr^t&t;^- \- -«>.0h, Mr, Leonard, don't name her to me 1 it's not that! oh, Lord, if it was only that jMjdiBliappy.1" .-,..; ;,T„ ^Andifim can'tjeipfein ? " ' I can't, indeed, sir." ;'.W41,.Tady, the day will come when you may tell-ihe; I<hope, and when I may at least try to comfort you, so I will say no more new. . Isn't this an awful thing about;that poor child?" .•'I onlyhearda few words from the landlord as I kem in, Mr. Leonard—have ye no thraceov her?" 3Sjffle.pt her,exactl5;.__Ellis and I^found jth'e idog ^'^'jil^^i&j;^t^ilinq^igr road. It seems he had been howling off and on all the. evening; ^ut was «Uent shortly after suu- .ipwn.i^tul*A.yer^5iBy6terious case, Tady. The dog Guardian has been stabbed, and has been losing blopd^ittle by little until he could : hbld up%blobger^-He was'nearlyoihob'nECious when we carried him home, and h~e~has, it •seems hadjaseyere blow im theh'ead alBo.that Dr.s&rey.; thinks must|iaVe rendered hiih unconscious." Tady'Sf,only reBponBe to this information was a heart-rending groan. "Weare to-commence a regularly organised search .as soon as it is daylight," the young gentleman went on,." for the partial jnoonlijght only made the shadows .deeper and more puzzling,* hut I ! am sadly afraid,* Tady^ that .the pretty child, whp was the first to greet us on Marranga, has met with foul play." i U , Met with foul play 1 .there were tbe same ^wor'as',again to' ring like u shout'in .poor Tady!s flats.,Met.witli .fpul play 1 and whp hacl done the fpul deed? ' What was hetodo? How^io,hear..this awful Jiurden. of another, man's feecr'et ? ' He cbtildhet db : it fttoiie' and" ?ive; jhe'.mu'Bt^®3t 'td'jome one or die. i " I think there will be some change in the working ol Ho. 1," said Leonard, when he Tjasl(Mving.ihe,'iopm. ..."I met Conn. Brady going to the coach JtbTday^fehdli(| told me the work was hot agreeing TOth'liim.* I suppose he hae gone,to town for sdyicejiit is strange how little laith the people' here have in Dr. ; .Syme, for lie seems to me a clever and intelligent man. Good- night, Tady—it there is not an 'improvement' in yon -hy ^the' mbrniiigi I shall -brhig him to see you no matter what yon say about it." Stop a minnit, Mr,Leonard, If you don!t see me hete in" the toomi£.'don',t he'^Jhte'nbd,' for pilitartsthreat;.® ;5^r5br'ryawb^acfe',; ife. only a .Walk of ien :, Sift baokhi'the poach; so'Igoan he here by din- 'mer time." } tf' . i • s "Tawberiaok? What do you want there? "There's a priest there, sir, a regular clergyman, 1 ' Tady replied in a lew voice, j-«Shat'a,right,..Tadyj. I.qjiite,believe in •that-step gbbd®night'^agairii'-find 1 so poor •Tady,w^s;:left to battle alone with his awful seoreVtill the day broke in the east. : CHAPTER XI. ..• : • . .•'SX^!"- 5 ''^' A TEBIUBLE night had been spent .at the cottage by poor Ellen Grifiiths, the'hoy ' "Daniel's mother. Under the sedatives prescribed by Dr. Grey Mrs. St. Herrick had slept'a%reater part of the night, but it was a. sleep broken by cries of terror and'utterances'of* such strange 'words, that Ellen listened to them with an awful wonder' thatSeepened.ihto fear as the night wore cn. She was not alone in her watch, for kindly Panny Glarke had^eome over as soon as the sadcondition of Mrs. St. Herricks had been made too^ at theiarm. ; but 5 as" the'" ; patient i still' slept;'{though 'hneasily, Ellen had persuaded the young gkl,ip;gO:tO rSEtnntil toward mbrhing. r "Ican-oallyou,if:ryourcan help. me,sMjsjs, .Clarke," she said,and wl^n'you comelreih; to relieve-me I shaUfce glad'of a rest you may be, sure." _ . , asked doubtfully, \- " Ko, not alone, my boy Daniel is to stay with me. I shall make him a bed up on the where I can see him and wahe"him if itshould be necessary." . ." And you will call me in a couple of hours, Ellen ? " "JEpillf.calt'yoii p-soon as ever I feel in heedbfiest J-I'-piomWyou that." And so Mrs. St. Herrick slept on and muttered orjnurmured in her.sleepJ with.ever atid anon a'WSd Jcy of terrpr, a$'*jvhibh Ellen's hand would be laid on her hot forehead, and EUen'^low jvoice wbisper,aoothing.£?ords in hert^ialf uhb r bni'$puBt^k; sat crpuehing over the fire that had been lit in the next room, the pieture^pf hppeleBS despair pitiful 'to see at 1 his boy's years. • "Daniel, my dear, you bad better go to befl/' his-mother whispered as she came from the. invalids chamber and stood beside her Son;. "! have made you a comfortable bed -th^re.on the sofa, r :and I shall ^be quite near; youiflll- night:"'^ :. " Oh; mother, how can I rest or sleep when We do not know where poer Resignatipn is 1 She may be bleeding slowly to death somewhere, as Guardian was; how could I sleep 1" «> Mv dear, she is. in God's hands," Ellen; •Vhispered 1 softly,^'.andiwe can jio'no 'more npw until daylight. Wouldn't it be better, then, "for yoa tto -try fund sleep- sovas: tohB strong to-morrow \ sad better; ahlo tp help; than S .you weep your eyes out all night ?" » SChe poot;ladinestled against his mother's side,"and her arm drew him cloBely to her.: . " If I /mew-she was dead, mother, it,would not be «o bad, :but to'think she mayhe suffer-1 ing and tortured—oh, it is hard 1 : You can't' know how fond wa children were of each other, mother.- It eeemB a spart of myself that is ^one; ' We have«pent!Bb many summer days together in the bush and up at the grave that I do not think there was ono thonght we did not tell, and now——" ' r f And now. my dear, Resignation may be looking into her own father's faoe in Heaven.". skI'sDo youJthinkwo;really,;nioth^3" f. 1 " I do, dear. ! Etom-the faot of Guardian's 'beingwoundedIfear>wehave'ioBt'her,hut'it will be her gain." > n - , .. "Whb'rowW KU Xtesignaaon?'" the boy cried;fiercf^y,.ashe^xewhjmBel[^omjG!llen;fl embrace and: lopped,,iiitb her pyeB 'for ah onBwer. 1 ' 4!33verydne-rlbved *her, I she''.waB so igentle-*nd. good .and .patient .always,:^ who: villain in the world ihot .fiould hurt her, and that was the man—the monster that buried her father alive I 1 ' * "-Hush, Daniel, oh hush I" (Sx> "be continued,.) SSJICB GAICE.—One cup sugar, tablespoiBn. ful-Of.huiter, ose-'egg, ons cup of ^our inilk, otteieaspDonful®f^aji«piije:to'.t»Bte,.',flDur snhU^h -to make a -thick batter \- ' ' ' • * It i -i 