John Wham's Double. A STORY FOUNDED ON FACT. By JOSEPH HATTOE Author of ' Clytie,' ' Cruel London,' ' Three ?Recruits,' &c; {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] I Chapter X. — Eeomis a Tbagic Case of Felo-de-se. When John Needham's dead body was found orC Hampstead Heath the reasons for Ms suicide were discussed and considered sufficient to account for his death. Having, however, regard to the fact that no complete explana tion could be arrived at as to the disposal of the vast sums of money known to have been in his possession, it was reported both in Ireland and America that the bsdy -was not bis, but one procured to personate him, whde he, daring the excitement of the supposed self murder, effected his escape.' The newspapers of the time (I have a file of them before me) were full of the tragic story, and a deceased journalist has included the history of the case in a. record of ' The Com mercial Crisis of 1857-8.' I shall take the liberty of borrowing from his pages the fact of Mr. Needham's rise and fall, supplying from my own notebooks the solution of the mystery with which the famous financier's death has hitherto been surrounded. In regard to the theory suggested in Ireland and America, the historian says, 'Unless the witnesses on the coroner's inquest were perjured, and the coroner himself was in the conspiracy, this hypothesis is altogether impossible.' The identity was sworn to by his servant, the medical attendant, and by the coroner Jiiwigpif, who knew him well, for they were members of the House of Commons in the same parlia ment, and sat together on the same side of the House. ' There was also other independent testimony in this direction ; and romantic as the idea of a, spurious corpse and a successful flight from criminal persecution and public disgrace may be, history records against it the sad sober facts of suicide, death, and burial of one of the most remarkable and clever swindlers of his time.' Up to the evening of his death it seems he maintained his high position, his coolness, and not a little of his apparent prosperity, except to a solicitor whose evidence was reluctantly given at the inquest. Nevertheless he had laid out the plan and method of his own death with mathematical care and precision. So much so, indeed, that an advocate inspired by a clever brief might logically have maintained that the systematic ' attention to details in so painful a business was evidence in favor of the hypothesis that the dead body found on Hampstead Heath was not the body of John Needham, late one of Her Majesty's Lords of the Treasury. But this idea of impersonation was not suggested at the time, and so far as the settled history of the case is on record such an explanation is inconsistent with the evidence, and beyond the reason of established fact. It was urged at the inquest, in favor of a verdict of temporary insanity, that John Needham's conduct on the day of the suicide was very strange; and that the method of carrying out his self-murder was not that of a man in his right Benses. It appeared that on the day of his death he had gone to a great deal ol trouble to clear his house of the ser vants, inventing singular excuses for sending them away, even getting tickets for the opera for them, giving them a supper, saying it was bis birthday, and finally, in the most mys terious fashion, driving nis brougham tome spot where he bad arranged that his dead foody should be discovered. These, it was contended, -were not like the actions of a eane man; they were fantastic, and in no wise characteristic of the calm, businesslike intellect of Mr. John Needham. On the other hand it was shown that he had up to the last moment conducted his affairs with cool ness and sense; that he had had a serious and important interview with his solicitor ; and that he had written letters imme diately prior to bis death which were the letters of a man who thoroughly knew what be was about. A parlormaid in Ins service had reported to the cook that he was mad, but that was only her ignorant, foolish view of some sudden act of liberality on the part of her master, while the coroner thought bis entertainment of the servants as reported rather tended to prove his sanity, for he had evidently not beenaverygeneronsemployer in the matter of feasting his dependents, and probably he desired in a manner to make up \- to them for bis neglect, seeing that neither at Christmas, nor Easter, nor at any other time was he in the habit of going out of his way to make the season pleasant at Portland-place, where he had resided^ever since he came to London. Complete as jwas' ¥he identity of the body, clear as were tile reasons why John Needham should commit suicide, same as the jury regarded him up to the very moment of his death, there was still an air of mystery about this case, which was heightened by a member of parliament, a day after the inquest, remarking one of those strange coincidences which are among the puzzles of everyday life. Possibly had not the honorable gentleman in question been a spiritualist his letter to The Timis would have attracted general attention. As it was it only marked the writer down as an eccentric person, and so cleverly was this idea worked that he was turned out of his seat at the next general election as an impractic able, crazy, ghost-seeing spiritualistic dreamer. He had declared in The Times, not as an argu ment in favor of any further investigation, but as an illustration of the truth of the stranger . things than those that are dreamt of in our philosophy — he had positively asserted that while John Needham was lying dead at Hamp stead he saw him on the railway platform — saw him and spoke to him. A correspondent in reply — who contended that John Needham, ' like all suicides and murderers were mad ; they could not commit their crimes and be sane' — suggested that the M. P. -who saw the ghost at Liverpool was also ' touched in the upper story,' and there the matter ended so far as the general public was concerned ; but the correspondence started strange and wild sur mises in the minds of the people of Hampstead, led to curious speculations in the smokeroom of Jack Straw's Castle, and gave color to the suggestions already referred to as to the possibility of the corpse not being that of John Needham. Be it the privilege if not the duty of. the present writer to raise the curtain upon this strange mystery, the romance of which, he feels sure, will suffer no curtailment of interest from, but will be rather enhanced by the matter-of-fact way in which, it is proposed to narrate it, partly, as previously stated, from published history, partly from private notes. The mysteries of London are many ; but none of them present more startling or dramatic passages than those which belong to the genuine history of the body found at Hampstead in the summer of 1856, and regis tered as a case of felo- de-se by the coroner for Middlesex and a sworn jury of responsible citizens and ratepayers. Chattkb H. — Recounts the Rapid Rise op John Needham, M.P. Prior to the general election of 1847 John Needham had been known by his fellow townsmen as a respectable man and a stanch Roman Catholic. Nobody suspected him of the great capacity for figures and politics which he eventually developed. The clerical authorities who had then as now a good deal of political power in Ireland selected him to up hold the Interest of the Pope, and oppose the spirit and. influence of Lord John Russell's famous letter to Lord Durham. He was elected a member of parliament on these simple lines at the general election of 1847. A tall, silent man, John Needham was of pale complexion, closely shaven, had thin brown hair, dark blue eyes, a hesitating manner, and was fond of dress, even to womanishness. His Irish friends calledhim 'the fop.' He invariably wore an_ orchid in his buttonhole, a diamond on the little finger of his left hand, a frill in bis shirt front, and he drove the best horses in town. At home in Ireland he had been unostentatious in his ostentatiousnees, if one may be allowed to be paradoxical ; for though he dressed better than his neighbors he never pretended that he could very well afford it, and he would associate with the humblest of them on equal terms. But from the moment John Needham arrived in London he put on, with his parliamentary honors, the air of the man of wealth. And he was accepted at his own professed valuation. He had the special faculty of impressiveness, the capacity to inspire trust, the power of in fluence ; and whatever natural gifts he possessed he had the art to exhibit them with out appearing to do so. He was essentially a clever man, yain, politic, a man with an ever active ambition that gave spirit to his natural audacity. Although in Irelandhe affected notto be rich, it is shrewdly believed that he had amassed a fair share of money, for through the influence of his late father's banking house and his own ability as a solititor he obtained the agency of several Irish properties, and when the Act for the establishment of the Encumbered Estates Commission came into operation his know ledge enabled him to make very advantageous purchases. The railway mania was also turned to some account, and it was understood by the party which nominated him for parliament that he could well afford to maintain in town a position of dignity and independence. In his address at the close of the poll in his favor he said—~ ' My old friends, if my descent is not as pure Irish as some, believe me my heart is true to the cause, and I promise you I am not going acrosB the channel to the great Saxon city yonder without making your wants known, nor without a big effort to hand down to posterity the fame of our dear old borough ; and it is also my intention to give them cause to re member the name of John Needham.' And by the powers he did. But when he entered the modern Babylon, the one interest, the one person 'whom he represented and meant to represent, was bis own interest; the-'' one person, himself. J^ ' 'For such a character as John Needhan£' says the historian, 'the period was peculiarly favorable, especially when backed by the quiet,' unobtrusive,' but never- ceasing support which the Roman Catholic party invariably extends to those of its proteges whose active exertions it requires for the enhancement and extension of its own authority.' It was a time when financial acumen and a reputation for it was of especial value. Mr. Needham knew how to advertise himself with out appearing to do so. It seemed as if London had been waiting for him, so quickly were his services in request among the great financial corporations of the day. The name of John Needham, Esq., M.P., was a name to conjure with. At the head of a new board, banking or railway, it gave a new value to the company's scrip. He pervaded the atmo sphere of any institution which he patronised with a sense of security. In all his engagements he was punctuality itself. His house in Portland-place was a model of luxurious simplicity. He gave dinners that were the talk of epicures, not for the elaborate character of the menu, but for the perfection of the cooking and service and excellence of the wines. Within a year of his coming to London he was chairman of a great foreign railway, director of two lines running out of London, managing director of the Civic Credit Company, director of the Valley- road Iron and Colliery Company, chairman of the Steam Shipping Corporation, and the financial adviser of many other equally notable undertakings. Not alone did his Irish friends consult him in their affairs, but Eng lish lords and bishops and great city financiers invested moneys in any direction that his judgment favored. 'But pethaps,' says the historian, 'the most extraordinary circumstance in his metro politan career was his appointment to the very responsible position of chairman to the National English and County Bank. That he had some little banking experience was true enough. The Needham Joint-Stock Bank of Ireland was a creation of his own. - TTia grandfather had established a bank at Sligo, which had carried on for many years a very limited and, as far as is known, a very safe business. When John Needham first put up for a financier he changed the character of this little bank, in which he had now acquired sufficient influence for the purpose, into a joint-stock company, . placing his brother Henry at its head as manager and sole director. Still the infatua tion which led the National English and County board to appoint hrm as their chair man, when he had not been known in London hardly a year, and the endorsement of it by the shareholders, is almost unaccountable.' He was faithful to this great trust, nevertheless ; and it is worth the while of some close student of human nature to analyse the character of John Needham with a view to discover how farhis career was influenced by a naturally vicious nature, to what extent an inordinate vanity may have moulded it, or whether he was the victim of a misdirected and unfortu nate ambition. If he did well by the famous London bank it also did well by him. It gave him prestige, it endorsed to the fall all the favorable reports that had been circulated in regard to his fir3t claBB business qualifications, it gave color to the prediction of journalistic gossip that he would one day be elevated to the position of Her Majesty's Chancellor of the Exchequer. There was, however, one great barrier to his political advancement. Not alone his religion, but his known pledges to the Catholic party, his championship of what was then known as ' The Irish Brigade.' But Mr. John Needham was not the man to allow any trifle of this kind to stand in his way. When a certain parliamentary whip asked him if the distinctly Protestant Govern ment of the day could count upon his undivided support and eeivice as Junior Lord of the Treasury, Mr. Needham found it perfectly easy to transfer his allegiance from the see of Borne and Cardinal Wiseman to the ultra Protestant Premier. To some men life is a mere game, in which every move iB open to them, and in which they neither acknowledge the check of principle nor sympathy. 'My constituents will taunt me,' be said, 'with what may seem to them a desertion of principle, a disaffection, a revolt ; but I shall tell them, and it is true, that my political hos tility was against Lord John Russell, not against the Government, and that Lord John being no longer at the head of the Govern ment the situation is changed.' 'That is so,' said the party whip charged with the bribe of office, 'though I question if your constituents will accept even so plausible an explanation for your appointment. Vacate your seat, and it is possible that they may refuse to re-elect you.' 'I think they will,' said Mr. Needham; ' let them. I will contest the place which the death of Mr. Patrick Smith leaves open to us. Did you note his decease in this morning's' Chronicle?' 'I did.' ' Then, with all respect to Lord Aberdeen, and my duty to hi-n and my thanks, say he may count upon my patriotic service to his Government, to the throne, and to the country.' The constituents of his native borough did reject Mr. John Needham, emphasising their rejection with rotten eggs and a dead cat ; but he contested the seat in which Mr. Patrick Smith had sat with honor for twenty years, and he won it. His enemies charged him with bribery, and declared that the third candidate, .who carried off a lot of ' plumpers' from Needham's real rival, was a confederate of the Junior Lord of the Treasury. But the victor was content. He cared nothing for the opinion of the de feated, nor for their evil reports. It was May Day in London when he re turned to town triumphant, a Lord of the Treasury, and with all the influential respon sibilities of what seemed to the outer world a great and undimned future before him. But how little that ' outer world ' knows of anything and anybody ! It thinks it knows, says it knows, and believes it knows. Mr. John Needham could have astonished that outer world very much in regard to his Treasury appointment if he had held forth on the subject. Nobody could have dreamed of how great an importance his elevation was in his own estimation. He hardly dared confess to himself the truth of his position, nor did it seem necessary since Fortune, in this matter, appeared to smile so benignantly upon him. He was quite satisfied with him self, contented, happy, and if there were ob stacles in the future that threatened his peace he did not fear them ; they were shadows that his rising sun would speedilydissipate. At least so he thought, and he calculated his chances with astuteness and experience. A shining pair of chesnut horses champed their silver bits at the arrival platform of the Great Western Station. They were appointed in the best taste, and on the box of the handsome brougham sat two smart servants, who were conscious of the importance attached to their service by the attendance of several railway officials, who had been ordered to re ceive the new Lord of the Treasury. Mr. Needham accepted the compliment with an easy and satisfied air, tipped the guard who carried his writing-case, and slipped a guinea into the hand of the platform inspector. The spring sunshine seemed to follow him with especial favor as his horses flew along the streets to Portland-place. It flashed gaily on the silver harness of his faultless steeds ; it brought out the golden bars of his coat of arms on the door-panel of his faultless brougham; and the first breezes of summer wafted about him as he stepped upon the pave ment, the perfume of ten thousand hyacinths from the beds of Regents Park. There was, however, surely one delightful touch missing; the chronicler of this history feels its absence, though possibly the new Lord of the Treasury did not. No wife nor child welcomed home the victor ; the Hon. John Needham, M.P., was a bachelor. Chaptbb HI. — Introduces the Reader to 'The Living Image' of John Nbhdham. So also, I had nearly written, was Joseph Norbury, of Brambling House, Wyedale, Derbyshire. The mistake would be pardonable from the point of view I had in my mind. Joseph Norbury was a widower without children, and at the moment he possibly felt more alone than even John Needham, for he had loved his wife with a good man's devotion. John Needham had an only brother, Joseph Norbury had an only sister. Knowing neither John Needham, nor having any association nor connection with him, not having even seen him, Joseph Norbury was the very image of him, even to the possession of bis hesitating manner, and his touch of dandyism. Tall, pale, brown hair, dark blue eyes, a shaven face, not a great talker, but eloquent when roused, Joseph Norbury was physically another John Needham, morally he was his antithesis. If he could have given Needham half of his goodness, and taken again himself half of Needham's hard nature, they might have become two excellent fellows in stead of one excellent fellow; for Norbury had, figuratively speaking, heart enough for a whole parish. He was in the first months of a bitter grief. His had been a love match, and the loss of his young wife was an affliction he rather nursed than tried to evade, either by the artifice of travel or increase of occupation. But on that May Day when Mr. Needham re- j turned to London a newly-elected member of j Parliament and an office-holder under the Go- j vernment, Mr. Joseph Norbury had promised ' to consider the serious advice of his doctor that he should take a sea voyage. j Since the death of his wife Joseph Norbury's ! only sister, Kate, had taken up her permanent abode in his house. He was five and thirty, she a dozen years his junior. They had been orphaned at an early age, but with sufficient means to lead a life of independence. They had only been separated when Joseph married, and then Kate had thought it best she should rlive with her aunt at Manchester, leaving Mr. and Mrs. Norbury to possess together the dear ?bid rambling house on the Derbyshire Wye, near Matlock. They were only separated, alas, for five years ; but now that they had come together attain the shadows of the tali white broken column in the little churchyard fell right across their two lives. Joseph's trouble had even postponed indefinitely, it was feared, the long-hoped-for happiness of Dick Woodville, who had been engaged to Kate for more than a year. He waB a Manchester merchant, a bright, cheerful, prosperous young fellow, and he had won h»« way to the affec- ? tion of both brother and sister. Just about the time that Mr. Needham, M.P., was entering his town house on that j first of May previously mentioned, Joseph j Norbury, his sister Kate, and Mr. Richard i Woodville were engaged in a pleasant after j dinner chat at Brambling House, the old I family residence of the Norburys. It was an I exceptionally fine and warm day for Wyedale, j where spring, as a rule, came tardily. This year it had hastened its visit. The river raced along almost with a summer song. There were gilli fiowers hi the garden, rosemary and rue ; the thrush was singing in the copse, and the wild cherry was in blossom. Dick had come over, as was his wont, to spend Sunday, and to return to business on Monday. They sat together with the window open, though there was a fire blazing and crackling on the hearth. Kate and Dick sat near each other, Joseph at the head of the table. The dessert was laid on an old service of Crown Derby, and the table was polished oak, reflecting dishes and fruits in a world of lovely tints and positive colors. They were drinking old port wine in the old fashion, Joseph occasionally holding up his glass against the yellow flame of a wax candle to catch glimpses of 'the wing' that floated like bits of dead gold leaf in the purple liquor. They dined early, and there was no real need for the candles, but it was the custom to light them, and Joseph thought, as his father before him, that wax candles were as essential to the proper enjoyment of port wine as a friend and companion in the cracking of a bottle. Kate, like her brother, was fair, but she had hazel eyes and dark eyebr9ws, which gave a peculiar beauty to her face, setting off her pearl-white skin, her ruddy lips, and her brown wavy hair, in which the Eun always discovered streaks of red-gold. It was a refined face, the lips only just full enough to escape the charge of being thin, and she had a merry laugh. Dick was dark, almost swarthy, with a large generous mouth, closely- knit forehead, strong hands, a broad chest, and a strong, manly way of expressing his opinions, and a gentle tender manner towards Kate that was in strong con trast with his otherwise robust and almost noisy self-assertion of himself, when she had not to be considered. 'You are dull, old chap, wake up; I am sure this wine might rouse any fellow into high spirits,' said Dick. 'One is not always dull because one does not talk,' Joseph replied ; 'indeed, I have known the time when I talked a great deal to hide the fact that I was not only dull, but wretched. I tell you, Dick, I am all right, and more than usually happy.' 'You are so noisy, Dick,' said Kate; 'we come of a quiet family, do we not, Joe?' 'Yes, we are like those thoughtful parrots who are such beggars to think.' 'I dared not say anything like that of you; but it reminds me that Kate is always saying she'll think about it.' 'About what?' asks the host, evidently not paying much attention to the conversa tion. 'About what!' Dick exclaimed; 'about everything! That is, it is everything to me!' 'Oh, the old story is it?' said the host. 'Well, I am selfish enough to hope she'll think about ita long time yet, Dick.' 'Thank you,' said Dick. 'Believe me, old fellow, tbese are the happiest days of your lives. You should cherish them.' ' So we do.' ' But only to end them.' ' Not at all, Dick ; to continue them. Now, don't eo, Kate.' She had risen. Dick took her hand. ' Nay, don't go, just as we are beginning to talk fensibly,' said Dick, laughing. Kate sat down again and looked into the fire. 'What shall we do when you are gone to America?' Dick went on. ' I have not gone yet,' replied the host. 'But you will go now, won't you?' said Kate, 'for though I shall feel jt bitterly — your going — I am sure Dr. Ware is right, and that it will do you good.' 'Oh, I suppose I shall go,' said the host, 'though I don't care for it.' 'That is the very reason why you should go, Dr. Ware says,' remarked Kate. ** Do you want to get rid of me ? Ah, no, it is only my fun, Kate. If you were not stupidly fona. of me you would advise me not to. go. I know all about it. Now you need not look as if you were going to cry*' He got up from the table, went round to her chair, and kissed her. ' I do feel rapped here, that is a fact ; can't rouse myself, can't get rid of the blues for a . minute ; not that I really want to do so for that matter, but I should hate to be an in ; valid, to be crawling about ; that would never : do, would it, Kate ?' I 'Never, dear,' said Kato. ' I shall come back a regular Yankee, you'll eee, if I once cross the Atlantic and have a goatee beard and a nasal twang, and turn . Jtepublican.' Kate laughed, and Joe, drinking another glass of wine said, ' Well, here's to America, the land of the free !' ' But why America ?' asked Dick. ' Ob, because an excuse has arisen to suggest America. Lawyer Wood has had a letter about SBme property in New York, which, going for years without a righttul owner, is now traced as belonging to the Norburys, of Derbyshire, and as we appear to be the oldest family of that name, Mr. Wood says it must be ours, and that I oupht to go and see about it. Dr. Ware, I dare say, has stimu lated Wood's desire for me to travel by insist ing that I want change, that I most have change, and that if I don't take a sea voyage I ? shall become either a drivelling idiot or pe°j out. And I wouldn't mind it if Kate would go, or better if you ? ' . ' I'll go if Kate will,' exclaimed Dick. 'But Ware says why not take an entire change on my own account, and to go alone would be indeed an out .and out change, and I suppose as everybody says I ought to do it, I ought and must.' ' And I repeat what is to become of Kate and me when you are gone ? There is nothing else for it but to get married and go with you.' 'Don't talk nonsense, Dick,' said Kate. ' I am not talking nonsense, but good sound common sense. When Joe has gone I cannot come here you know. It would never do for me to come down here from Saturday to Monday, as I have done for the pa3t six months, would it ? ' ' Certainly not,' said Kate. 'Well, I don't know, why not, if your aunt Dorothy comes to stay with you, Kate,' said the host. 'For my parti don't see why it cannot be as I suggest. Now don't go, Kate ; there's a dear girl.' Kate was slipping away again to be gently detained as before. ' It is not as if I were an ass, and a penniless one, is it Joe?' The host drank another glas3 of wine, and the first gleam of the sunset came streaming into the room. ' Ah, you never help me,' said Dick, ' and here we are nearing on the end of another day, and — ' 'Believe me, old fellow,' said the host interrupting him, 'these days that end like this are. your happiest days, and Kate's happiest.' You will never be so happy again as you are now. Ask any man or woman who has passed through the same kind of dream. Ask the poet, the philosopher. Be content, Dick ! Be content, Kate !' 'That's the kind of sentiment Kate is be ginning to fire off at me. Now, I see where she gets her fanciful pellets.' ' ' Do you think I am too stupid to make them for myself, then? Oh, very well, I will go and talk to my pigeons ; they never question what I say, or pry into the source of my inspiration.' ** Nay, don't go.' 'I must.' 'Why?' ' I am going to feed the pigeons.' ' No, not yet,' answered Dick, going to the door and standing with his hack to it, ' feed Joe. and I, we have far more appreciation of your wit than your pigeons have.' ' Indeed,' she said, ' you are not half as pretty; come and see.' He clasped her waist as they traversed the passage to the ball, and out into -the little courtyard. She did not resist. They walked in silence for a little while, lingering by the way. 'Why will you be so unkind?' said Dick presently. ' I cannot leave him,' she sighed. ' But it will not be leaving him altogether — we shall visit him ; he will visit us.' ' Yes, I know, but it will be leaving him, and I know he dreads it.' ' Has he said so?' 'Yes, often.' 'Poor dear fellow,' said Dick forgetting himself at once in the love of his friend. ! ' I knew you would be sorry,' said Kate ; | ' I knew you would be reasonable.' I 'Yes, dear,' he answered very gently, : 'but don't you think he might be talked into ; a different opinion with a little pressure ?' ! 'Not at present,' she said, 'he has been very wretched lately, and the other night he said he had a strange presentiment of some calamity happening to us. Dr. Ware says it is the coming on of melancholia, and that he must go away from here — far away; the sea would do him a world of good, but go he must, and with an object. And right upon this opinion comes lawyer; Wood's news from New York. He won't listen to the idea of me going with him, and Dr. Ware has advised him to go alone. My companionship recalls the past too much, he Bays ; and he declares that if he will go off at once and see about this Norbury property, the occupation and change will make a new man of him.' ' I wish I could get Dr. Ware to advise Joe that to complete the cure he should on his return find cake and cards from Mr. and Mrs. Richard Woodville. Would you consent to positively fix the day and cease to think about it, if Joe aBked you ?' 'Yes, if he was in earnest,' she said. ' And will you not settle it, if he does not ask you to do so, or say you may ?' 'I will think about it,' she said, slipping away from his embrace to be almost surrounded the next moment by a flock of cooing pigeons. It would have done you good to have seen that arcadian picture in the little courtyard of Brambling House. Think of all the tall, shapely, graceful women you have ever seen in paintings, old masters and modern, with heads well poised on dainty shoulders from which fall limp graceful robes, and all around pigeons flying in wanton sport. Then concentrate the beauties of them all into one figure, and fancy it is Kato Norbury, a flock of doves at her feet, one upon her finger, and a group of others fluttering round in hope of similar recognition ot favor. The scene a courtyard, with an old stone fountain. Finally, put into the picture which your mind's eye contrives, a young Englishman of five-and-twenty, stalwart as a Britisher, dark as an Italian, in an old fashioned dress suit, with high collar and dangling watch seals. What a picture of peace and innocence and love, to be broken in upon by the croak of the raven, and the shadow of a violent death ! {To be continued.) 