Personal. . Mr. Booth, the temperance advocate, is to wrestle.; with Queensland rum, commencing at Brisbane. .? . ' - The cable states that the Eiimeror Wil- liam is better. We don't think he's better than he ought to be. Emmett, the actor, who was such a huge success in Australia, is in a lunatic asylum again, through drink. ; Damian', a London millionaire, offers to bet £2000 that ghosts are net mere shadows, but manifest themselves in the flesh, shake hands, and can have their photos taken. Oscar .Wilde has scored a point. He proves the:unsuitabiity of our manner of dress, by. showing the rapid changes pf.-fashion.-> The Egyp- tion style of dress lasted "2000, and'the Greek nearly 1000 years. The Bev. Dr. Steel has been lecturing in Sydney, in proof of the contention that the Bible and Science are twin brothers. This con clusive! v nroves that Galileo had been trvine to light his own fire with kerosene. Osman Digna is a full-blooded French man, and his original name was Alphone Vinet. He was- sold as a Blave to the Mahdi, but quickly rose in the prophet's favour, and became his son- in-law. He is about 58 years of age. More jam for Australia. Dr. Taylor, the scientist, says he never saw anything like the mountains cf Australia. He says Mount Lofty, in South Australia, is perhaps the grand-daddy of all the crags of this world. This is lofty humbug. Fargus (Hugh Conway) author of of " Called Back," &o.;, one of the most successful novelists of modern time, died of typhoid. He had taken his first trip on his first money, after years of private toil and trouble, and succumbed as de scribed. Henry Stull, 105 years of age, who was for 90 years a member of the Marathon (Ohio) Methodist Church, died April 12. He was a tem perance man, but a furious smoker. There is a moral to this fact. Don't smoke. Stull might have lived for 200. ' Colonel Hamill Stewart was slain in the Soudan (we were going to say murdered)— but it's all a matter of war, as the Soudanese are merelv defending their homes.) However, Stewart lost his life, and the British Government have now gene rously pensioned his mother with £200 a year for lifej and his two sisters with £100 each. The vote of the Irish priesthood for a successor to Cardinal M'Cabe resulted in Dr. Walsh, President of Maynooth, scoring 46 ; Dr. Donnelly, the late Cardinal's assistant, 12 ; Dr. Tynan 3, Dr. Woodlock 2. There appears to be no mention of Archbishop Moran, though only that prelate and Dr. Donnelly have been summoned to Borne. Earl Cairns is dead, aged 66 — or as Lady Cairns announced in her own handwriting, placed outside the residence — " Lord Cairns entered into rest at 6.45 a.m., March 31." . The deceased Earl was a member of the Disraeli Government, and received a pension of £5000 a year as retired Lord Chancellor. . The Earl is succeeded by Lord Gar moyle, who recently paid Miss Fortescue £10,000 for breach of promise. The Tichborne Claimant, paid his second visit to the Nunhead Shooting Grounds on April 11, for the purpose of deciding a return match, for £25 a side, with young Nimrod, the juvenile champion shot of the world. The conditions of the match were fifteen pigeons each, both standing at twenty-four yards mark. The Claimant led off with amiss, whereas' Nimrod grassed his first, and at the fifth round had killed all, his opponent having scored three only. Both, shot remarkably well throughout, and after some little excitement Young Nimrod was ultimately declared the winner by one- bird, killing twolve to the-Claimant's eleven out of fifteen. 