An Innocent Maiden. CHAPTER XVI — [Continued.) THE VERDICT. 'My lord, I am not doing so ; but this evi dcnco has come upon us by surprise, lias boon sprung on us as 1 may say. If it .should be true 'then, as my learned friend says, tlio prisoner has established an alibi ; but to prove its truth it is needful to sift it to the bottom ; nnd to make sure that this witness had not been tempted to invent her story —her very improbable story— from any tender feeling for the prisoner. Still, I have no wish to distress her more than I can he'.p, and will, therefore, Tiiics on to other matters. Ho then cross-examined Hetty keenly and closely, as to the position of the furniture in tlio room ; the exact words used by Captain Pcntreath ; the possibility of her hearing dis tinctly in tho cupboard, where she stated her self to be, and other matters: but these ques tions Hetty answered witli such absolute clearness and simplicity us could hardly fail to impress itself on the audience as the plain, un varnished truth. Even the learned Serjeant felt it, and, leaving that part of the subject, asked her abruptly unci almost angrily why, with this knowledge in her mind, she had not. spoken out at once, nnd so saved the prisoner all the disgrace and suspense of the detention he had already gone through. Poor Hetty hesitated and turned two wistful, piteous eyes upon the bench ; but it was not a case iu which the judge could again interfere; and step by step she was made to tell the whole story of her painful situation with regard to Mrs. Pentrcath, her doubts and fears, her de sire to do right, the utter absence of anyone to counsel lier; and the natural shrinking fiom telling a thing which might put her in an in vidious light before those who had already misjudged her. Her voice, which had faltered more and more, broke down at the end into actual sobbing, and the tears were rolling over her white cheeks as she said : 'I know now it was very wrong to go away ; I thought he would have other wit nesses. I did not think it could all depend on me ? and I was afraid. But I always meant to come forward if it was necessary. It was ray being taken ill that prevented me. I did not even know what the magistrates had de cided till a week ago, and then it was too late, except for this. I — I am very sorry if I have hurt anybody. I can't say any more. And indeed even tho jury intimated that they had heard enough. The case which only an hour before had been going against Cap tain Pentreath with such deadly persistency was virtually at an end, and without even leaving their box, they pronounced a verdict of aequittal. Five minutes later the court-house was cleared, the heated, tired crowd were pouring ' out, and Earnest Pentreath was kneeling at his mother's feet, with her arms locked round him. The vicar had gone at once to break the news to her lest the shock should be too I great; but in doing this he missed something i o£ more importance to himself. The moment Hetty's evidence was over she had disappeared, and when he hurried back to find her he could only learn that she had driven away in a cub j with a tall woman in lilack who had been /' waiting for her. ******** 'But I could not bear to see Mrs. Pen treath or him again just yet. Oh, George, I you won't ask me to do so T Hetty said, piteously, that evening in the little back parlour at the Thompsons', where, pillowed on the hardest of horsehair sofas, and attended by the energetic Jane, who had nursed her all through her illness, she had been lying for the past week till that morning. I I It was only about ten days since she had 1 first wakened back into consciousness from the mist of pain and fever which had held her Bo long ; and her first agitated enquiry: 'Where am I? Is the trial over? Oh! i havo they set him free ?' was taken for the . 'V1 Vain wanderings of delirium by her nurses, and soothed away' . with a few unmeaning words of acquiesceuce as one might soothe a child. r As strength came back to her, however, she returned to tho subject, and begged so earnestly that she might see the daily papers referring to tho time whon she was taken ill that they wero at last brought to her, when her anguish and distress at finding that her silence had resulted in Captain Pentreath s ?'Oiiimittal for trial on the charge of mail slaughter, nearly brought on a relapse, and | undid all the good that the doctors and j nursing had done for her in the interim. It r1 was then that she confided her troubles to 1 Jano, whoso real worth and kind-heartedness had won her heart from the first, and who 'V, more than agreed with her as to tlm necessity I of her atoning for her previous reticence by Suiting iu an appearance at tho forthcoming ' ,ial, however much that reticence had added '\the odium and mortification attached to oh a proceeding. U0fcourseit will be hard,' said the Salvation tain, ' but Lile is always hard. It is a e in which none can take caso j and in ' yourself you will bo on tho Lord's chose shame and derision ot his own To speak truth I could heartily wish' i your pluce. To us who stand around ,oei', tho sound of hissing is sweeter far iraiso ; but at any rate I shall be beside wul after all, what need tho hissing S even to you, when it is but the voice of (ings whom you have left for ever, and ,not even cast eyes upon again !' 'But I am only * worldiijg too,' suiil vletty, 'and they wore not . , .ail so, Oh! Tane, I am very uiiliiippy-' And Jane bought it was sheer weakness ami timidity 'Inch made the child liide her face on Jior| ijllow and Bub so bitterly, Poor JSsther ! was ] it true indeed that after tho ordeal before her she would never cast hor eyes upon one face again ! After tho decision arrived at, however, it may seem strange that the obvious course of communicating with Mr. Lorton ns to the new witness in readiness was not pirsued ; but the true reason fortius was after nil u very simple one, namely, that the obvious course to edu cated or practical minds is generally the very one least, acceptable to tho prejudices of a narrow and uncultured intellect, particularly whon the latter is rendered at once more obscure and more obstinate by old age. Old .Matthew Thompson's besetting weakness was for respectability ; and in his eyes police courts woro not respactablo He did not know much about them, never (as he proudly vaunted himself) having been inside one in his life; but he considered them as represented by the scuin of the population which seethed in the ' Potteries ' at the back of his house, and by the pages of that peculiarly low journal the Policc t\rnws, which he had onco taken from a servant girl's hand and solemnly burnt iu his own parlour fire ; and tho mere idea of suoli a paper having it in its power to depict a member of his household, his own grand-niece, a scion of that pious and respected family the Thomp sons, as standing amid just suoli a' rabble for the sole purpose of calling shame on herself, and making most self-damaging assertions in defence of a carnal and dissolute living soldier, was gall and wormwood to him. Of course if it must be it must, aye, even if ho had to retire from the revered and much praised eldership of ' Little Sion' in conse quence. Old Matthew was a just man, und if this officer fellow was innocent of bloodshed ding he must not be let swing for it. even for the sake of the Thompsons' respectability ; but — there was no hurry ! Time enough for Hetty to give her evidence when she knew it was needed ; and very likely the Pentreaths hud got sufficient witnesses by now to make her testimony superfluous afier all. If not tliore she was, and a little suspense wouldn't do much harm to one who was but a profane and godless pleasure-seeker after all. So he argued, and little Hetty, weakened as much by illness as by long habits of submis sion, .was forced to give in to his decision and keep silent till almost the last moment when speech was possible, though the nervous agitation and remorse occasioned by such a lit seriously affected her recovery. It was, as I have said, little more than the ghost of the onco bright and saucy girl which George Hamilton (solely through Jane's notoriety as the ' Hallelujah lass of the Potteries') succeeded in tracking at last to its hiding-place ; and a very weak and wasted ghost, with not even strength enough to keep the tears from its dark, wistful eyes as it made the appeal above recorded. The vicar looked down into them very tenderly. ' I don't know ye: what I shall ask you,' ho answered. 'Do you know what you deserve for leaving mo as you did ? Hetty, I almost feel as if I never could forgive you.' But as he said it, with his arms round her, and her weary little head pillowed on his breast, it seemed probable that he might do so some day. Poor Hetty tried to plead for her self, 'But you said your promise must be broken, and I thought ? ' ' You thought all wrong. I meant my promise of keeping our engagement secret, and 1 told my aunt that very day. Hetty, she wants greatly to see you and ask your pardon.' ' Mine ! But I ought to ask hers for all I made her suffer. George, will she want me to go back to her T' 'It is no matter if she does, as I want you more, and mean to havei you. Don't look so frightened and unhappy, dear child. If you would really rather stay with these good relatives of yours while you are making up a white gown — I don't like you in black, Hetty, white is prettier, aud really more bridal — you may.' Hetty made no answer, ' You see, even as it is, Ernest must leave the army,' the vicar said, after a while. ' Indeed lie has sent in his papers already, and it is almost settled that ho and my aunt will travel on tho Continent for a while till all this painful otl'iair has blown ovor. What I have been thinking about at present, how ever, is something different, namely, whether — I have been offored a living in the bike country, far away in Westmoreland, where there urn very high -vinds — whether those winds woulcj blow my small wifo away alto gether, or only bring a. little colour back into those dreadful whito cheelfs, What does she think 1 It is a serious question,' J?ut Hetty answered it without a word at an. ' ? , , ? TOJB END. : 