.EOHOBS dF MELBOQ 7BNE. CBI TiiE GsiosY.] Despite the valiant threats of the opp'd npnts of the Licensing Act Amendment Bill to "stonewall" the measure, the second reading was agreed to in a full House on T'uesday without a division. Evidently the torrent of petitions poured into the Assembly in favour of the Govern ment bill has frightened its opponents. The annouincement by the Government 1 that they were prepared to allow the measure to be dealt with in committee at the sweet will and pleasure of the House no doubt was also the means of bringing round the"irreconcilables," who hope to be able to " improve" the bill out of exis tence, ores mutilate it as to induce its abandonment. Had Messrs. Gillies and Berry, the only two members of the Ministry who spoke in connection with the bill, opened their mouths at an earlier period of the debate, a vast amount of talk would have been spared. Pirhaps, however, the Government are wiser in their generation than many people give them the credit of being, and their silence has arisen from a desire to'ascer tain in what direction the cat was likely to jump before committing themselves neck and crop to their bill. Having succeeded in passing the second reading, Ministers now care very little what becomes of their bill, and if the truth must be told, would not be sorry to have the question hung up for a while, and remitted to the next Par liament, when a fresh measure could be introduiced with the barmaid abolition clauses, the smigle bar, and the compensa tion scheme modified to suit the Views ex pressed bIy the majority of the people's representatives. One result of the inftroduction of the Licensing Amendment Bill has been to unite the publican interest, so that when the election takes place in February next, the teetotalers, who have hitherto nearly always succeeded in putting in their own candidates, will have to look to their laurels. The various temperance socie ties are so well organised that they have hitherto been able to sway the elections, despite the efforts of the licensed vic tuallers, which have been of an inter mittent and spasmodic kind. Now a powerful body, under the style and title of the Property Defence League, has been formed, and "beer" will play in future as i prominent a part in our elections as it does in the old country. It is a relief to many besides the Govern ment and honourable m'embers that the great legislative stumbling block of the session has been removed. Henceforth the course of legislation is likely to run smoothly, and bar accidents-for it is the unforeseen that is always happening- there will be a chance of the year's esti mates being considered by the Assembly before the money " to be voted " is spent. It is rumoured in Press circles that following the evil example set by the Pall Mall Ga:ette, one of the metropolitan morning daily papers has appointed a 'commissioner," and that some ptluant revelations in regard to persons occupying i high positions in the social scale will be made. It is, however, highly improbable that the objectionable course will be taken, for the journal men tioned is, par excellence, the organ of the "unco guid," and it is hardly likely the proprietors, albeit of the class whom Sydney Smith once described as "nice men with nasty minds," will go out of the way to offend their patrons; moreover, as a fervid supporter of the Govenment,it is still less likely the newspaper in question will fall foul of the members of the Ministry, whom, it is well known, are not all living 1 in the odour of conjugal sanctity. All things, therefore, taken into consideration it is more than probable that the gentlemen who direct the policy of the journal spoken ofe will wisely allow "sleeping dogs] to lie.", At the present time Melbourne is full of strangers, of a bucolic and agricultural appearance. The visitors have been attracted by the annual show of the Agri cultural Society, and the yearly display of 1 the Sheepbreeders' Association. This latter event has attracted the wool kings of all parts of Australasia, Tasmania and New 1 Zealand being largely represented by both exhibitors and purchasers of "stud" animals. Prices as a rule have not in fine woolled animals run so high as in former years, six hundred guineas being the highest price obtained for a Merinoram. One remarkable feature of the gathering is the increased favour in which "long wools" seem to be held,the prices obtained for this class of animal being exceptionably good. The opportunity has also been afforded, to those so disposed, of "going to the dogs" -literally and not metaphorically- the Exhibition building having, for the nonce, been turned into one vast kennel, where "the friend of man," without whose ap pearance on the earth there would have been, according to the Argus, no civilisa tion possible, is to be seen in all its divers forms, from the lady's poodle, weighing a couple of pounds, to the lordly mastiff turning the scale at as many hundreds. As a poultry show is also being held at the same time, the din in the building is some thing to be remembered. Every feathered biped, and every caged "canine " evidently thinks it incumbent on itself to make as much noise as possible, and --out of the Legislative Assembly-it would be im possible to rival the "row" in the rotunda of the Exhibition building. Mr. Valentine Browne, an erstwhile post-office employs, an amateur lecturer in Shakespeare, and a well-known " squire of dames" on the Collins-street " block," has just experienced the truth of the exclama tion of the " melancholy Dane," " To what base uses may we come at last." Punch having suggested that employment of a congenial kind could be found in " the service" by placing Mr. Browne at the General Post- oflce,with his tongue hanging out for people to wet their stamps upon, was sued by the offended gentleman for a libel. An unfeeling jury returned a ver dict for the defendant, and Mr. Browne finds himself mulct in costs, and without redress. The verdict is certainly a wrong one, if only from the fact that the sugges tion is not an original one, but a crib from a Yankee "funny" paper, and lacking originality should have been as severely dealt with as a cribbing Ballarat Presby terian parson. The Hotham bank robber turns out to be no very desperate criminal at all, but a silly young clerk employed in the bank as accountant, at the munificent salary of £75 per annum, who having "outrun the con stable," was anxious to pay his debts out of his employers' money. His clumsily carried out scheme was soon seen through even by the police, and even had he not stupidly given a clue to the culprit by leaving a portion of the stolen notes on the seat of the cab in which he drove to Brighton to "plant" the booty, would no doubt have been at once found out. As it is, the whole of the stolen notes and cash have been recovered, and the Federal Bank-none the poorer for the lesson has learned that if you want to keep a man honest, while compelling him to keep up the appearance of a "gentleman," by, at all events, dressing "as sich," you must pay him more than you do a house porter or messenger, and raise his "screw" to the amount which any ordinlry mechanic or factory hand can easily The Federal Bill drafted by the Qoueens land Premier is to be submitted to the Legislatures of the five colonies that have agreed to enter the union during next week, and as soon as it has been passed the date of the meeting of the fedcral repre sentatives at Hobart will be definitely fixed. At present it is the intention of Mr. Service toendeavour to bring off the first meeting on or about the 13th of January, 1886. But the fixing of the date rests with Mr. Adye Douglas, the Premier of Tasmania, who may not be prepared at so early a date to con vene the meeting which is to make us in very sooth a united Australia. Besides, there is just a chance of New South Wales shortly recovering from her fit of " the sulks," in which cnise it may be necessary to postpone the gathering for ashort time in order to allow "the parent colony" to completely recover her equanimity. The adage anent marrying in hIaste and repenting at leisure has just received, a fresh illustration in our Divorce Court. A young gentleman namued Wilkinson, au employe in the 'Telegraph Departmenct, has been endeavouring to obtain a decree nullifying his marriage, on the ground that he waus un der 21 when he and his bride " went through the form of marriage" in the office of the Rev. Mr. Ifinsman, a gentloman who, in idditidn to his luinjudi &e; an auctloneeur, eiercises the functions of a?' clergyman of ello Free Cli'ich'of England." Tlio?ourt, after a hearing eiteeidiug over four days, refused to untie tile .nuie'tal knot, dclato ing the marriage perfectly lairfulj and even signifying, moreover, its sense of the conduct of the would-be-released hus ban'd by promising to report the case to the Attorney-General; ;with a view to causing the dismissal of the plaintiff from the civil service. Mr. Wilkinson's litiga. tion is therefore likely to end-in his being saddled with a wife he desires to get rid of, and of ridding him of his appointment, which he desires to retain. Doubtless the very much married young man now regrets he did not follow Punch's advice to persons about to marry. August 31. 