THE abolition of individual ownership in laud has for many years past been a favorite bobby with doctrinaire reformers, content to agitate on behalf of abstract principles rather than to apply themselves to secure the introduction of really practical reforms. In Victoria as well as in this colony attempts have been made from time to time to educate public opinion up to a point when the theories of MILL and SPEN<JER on this question might be brought within the range of practical politics, hut the attempts have hitherto been in vain. A few enthusiasts hare been temporarily aroused to a sense of the utter iniquity of private ownership of the soil—they have mostly, by the way, been people themselves guiltless of the sin in question—but the agitation has never attained any significant dimensions, nor has it even been long sustained by its promoters. A few meetings, a little printing of sensational handbills, a good deal of nonsense-talking, and there the matter has ended. We notice that a new effort in the same direction is about to be put forth by a society recently formed in Sydney -under the title of the " Land Nationalisation League of New South Wales." The movement is to be supported by the subscriptions of members at the rate of Is. per quarter, payable in advance, and the objects of the organisation are stated to be as follows:— (a) To stop the further sale of all Crown lands. <J:\ To restore to tlic State the ownership of land already sold, by such means as may be approved of by a majority of the people or their representatives at the time being. (f ) To provide for the leasing of all lands on such terms as will ensure to the State a fair rental, and to the tenant fall security for his improvements and the results of his industry. Truly a bold programme, but one nevertheless which is wholly impracticable. Even if the scheme found favor with any considerable portion of the people, its realisation is quite out of the question. Between thirty and forty millions of acres of land have been sold, and the proceeds have been spent. If the same area had to be repurchased, it could only be by allowing fair compensation to the owners for the " unearned increment" as well as for improvements, and these would assuredly run the little bill up to over a hundred millions— possibly to a much larger sum; and the moneyed world, we take it, would very carefully stand aloof from an enterprise of such gigantic dimensions undertaken by less than a million of people. To quintuple the nation's indebtedness at one stroke in one venture would very properly be regarded as savouring rather of insanity than of legitimate enterprise. But even if the important question of " ways-and-means" could be satisfactorily disposed of, the project could never become popular. There is a strong feeling on the part of nearly all persons engaged in rural industry, in favor of owning the land they use, and outside of the metropolis it may be said that the people can roughly be divided into two classes—those who own land already, and those who hope to own it. The "nationalisation" scheme would of course run counter to this natural, and we may add praiseworthy, desire, and so could never be carried into effect. If, however, the reform in question were practicable, its value would be extremely doubtful. Before a leasing system could be brought to work as well as a freehold system for the benefit of the land, the tenant would have to be guaranteed the value of any improvements he effected; he would have to receive a very long lease, with right of renewal; and if ho got all thisj what would, so far as non- landholders are concerned, bo the difference between the position of the tenant and the position of the freeholder? It may be urged that the State -would receive a laTge income from the rent of the land; and truly it would need a very large rent indeed to pay the interest on the purchase-money. But when the necessity arises, a rent can be obtained from freeholds as well as from leaseholds: there is sncli a thing as a land tax, and in order to obtain the proceeds of this impost it would not be necessary to quintuple the national debt. We need not, however, pursue the subject any farther, as there is no immediate danger of the efforts of the League leading to any practical result, no matter with what vigor they are put forth, nor with what promptness the members cash up their shilling per quarter 1 payable in advance." THE hint thrown out in our last issue as to the rather unsatisfactory terms of the arrangement for the conduct of the intercolonial railway traffic on the border, was not thrown away. A public meeting -was held a few days later, and steps wcro taken to prevent, if possible, the completion of a compact by the terms of -which Albuiy would be injured. It might perhaps have been better if the resolutions submitted had home a trifle more directly on tbe point at issue. The meeting, we take it, desired to protest strongly against the removal of tie stock trucking business from Alborv to Wodonga, but in none of the resolution, brought forward was this feeling conveys Several of the speakers of course expressed it, and in no equivocal terms, but it iB fte of tho movers, which will reach the eye of the authorities. And what does the principal resolution say? It says merely that the Minister shall be asked to sanction the removal of the trucking-yards from their ' present position to a more convenient site. Such a request might be considered, might even be granted, without any change in the determination to make Wodonga the place of transfer—without, indeed, the Minister being aware that there was a desire on the part of tho Albury people for any charge in that decision. As tho meeting is now over, we can only hope that the local member will take due care to explain the object of the movement more explicitly than tho resolutions do. With regard to the subsequent portion of the proceedings, however, there wag no room for doubt as to what was meant. The meeting in vory plain terms expressed the opinion that the time had arrived to agitato for a railway up the valley of the Murray, and decided to take practical steps to commence the agitation. Since then the resolution has been carried into effect, Mr. L, GDLSON having undertaken to make a personal inspection of the route and obtain full statistics of the probable traffic to be anticipated for such a railway. Until Mr. GULSON'S return we cannot pretend to go into figures on the subject, but it may be said that few of tho branch lines recently constructed offer a more legitimate field for railway extension. A branch up the valley of the Murray would be easy of construction, would at a lower cost serve the Tumbarumba people better than a railway to Wagga Wagga, would traverse ona of the best southern districts of the colony, and in addition to serving the wants of our own large up-river population, would also intercept much of the Victorian traffic from the head-waters of the river to Wodonga. NARANDERA..—Mr. Ferrier has been elected as the first mayor of Narandera. THE RAINFALL—The rainfall for the past week was 181 points, making the total for the year 10 83 inches. To SIOCKOWHEES.—Owners of stock are reminded that their assessments must be paid before the end of the month. UPPER MDEEAT RAILWAY LEAGUE.—Meetings will be held at Bowna, Wagra, and Maracket on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday next. BUTCHERS WANTED.—A Hay correspondent desires us to call attention to the fact that in Hay there are 20 pablicbouses and only two butchers' shops. RECEPTION OF THE CONTINGENT.—Captam Battye, Sergeant M'Guffie, and sis mounted men, with their horses, left by the mail train yesterday to assist in the demonstration on the arrival of the Contingent. RAILWAY OPENING.—The opening of the railway to Jerilderie was to bav« been celebrated by a grand banquet and other festivitiea on Thursday next, the 25th inst. The affair has been postponed till 15th July. CONCERT.—We take the last opportunity of calling attention to the concert to be given on Tuesday evening by the choir ot St. Matthew fl, assisted by a number of leading amatears, The full programme appears in another column. YABBAWONGA PASTORAL AND AGBICDL- TURAL SOCIETY.—A well-attended meeting ot the Yarrawonga Border Agricultural and Pastoral Association was held on Saturday. A prize-list of over £300 was settled for tne show, which takes place on the 3rd September. MUNICIPAL APPEAL COURT.—At an adjourned sitting of this court on Tuesday tne police magistrate reduced the assessmoitaon four properties on which a decision had Been reserved, to tbe following amounts, viz.: j* A Brown, £30 ; George Carter, £30; Darwall, £20; Mrs. Bell, £22. SEEIOUS ACCIDENT.—We are informed that a young girl named Lewis, employed at tne Terminus Hotel, met with a serious accujeni yesterday. As she was standing in front oi the fire her clothing caught, and before we flames could be extinguished ebe was bnrne" so severely that she had to be removed to uie hospital. To CORRESPONDENTS. — " MISTAKE."--"® can impound the etoek or aue » r . w e XT damages. " AM.," Green's Ganyatu—i™ matter was referred to in oar leading columns last week. No positive decision has been arrived at, but in all probability you will not 1 be able to obtain the land. 1 J. Entwisle,"— Your tank contains 1762 yards. CHEAP EXCURSION FARES TO SYDNEY.— With a view to enable persons in the country districts to be present on the return of the Soudan Contingent, tickets will be issued to Sydney at specially low rates. The return fares will be From Albury, first class 70s., second class 35s.; from Wagga Wagga, first class 60s., second class 30s. The special rates above quoted will only apply to tickets issued on Monday next. THE COLONIAL AND INDIAN EXHIBITION.— Persons who intend to exhibit at the forthcoming Colonial and Iudian Exhibition may be reminded that applications for space should be in tbe hands of the secretary of the Commission by tbe 1st August next, and that the exhibits should be forwarded so as to reach the stores by tbe 2nd November. STOCK MOVEMENTS.—5700 merino weaners from Walbundrie to Mimosa West, Swift and Haon owners ; 4700 mixed merino sheep from Victoria to Togaumain, Thomas Kobeihoc ; 400 mixed sheep from Quat Quatta to Wyseworth, C. F. Frauenfelder; 1 merino ram and 6 ewes from Tasmania to Nubba, Wallendbeen, P. Sinclair ; 6000 merino sheep from Ellerslie to Jerilderie, Peterson and Sargood ; 250 store cattle from Ournie to Albury, Cobb and Co. FOOTBALL.—A match will take place next Saturday between the Federal City second fifteen and the employes of Mr. F. A. Selle, on the Albury cricket-ground. Federal team :— Bray, Ballard, (capt.), Barry, Dough ton, Hayes, Fleming, Kappler, Lipsett", Haolon, PJummer, Pueterla, Sharp, Peach, Welsh, White. Emergencies — Gregory, Yoxall, Clarke. The match between the Albury and Federal Football Clubs took place on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the former by three goals to one. DEAF, DUMB, AND BLIND ASYLUM.—We are requested to direct the attention of our readers to an advertisement in another column which states that Mr. Henry Cooke, the assistant secretary of the Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, is about to visit Albury to canvass for subscriptions; and as it ia now nine years since a collector for this institution visited Albury, the committee hope Mr. Cooke's appeal will be liberally responded to. We cordially recommend this institution to ell who have a trifle to spare. THE GOATS.—The'goat nuisance is in certain parts of the town rapidly becoming even a more serious infliction than the old-standing trouble of vagrant cows. If a garden gate is incautiously left open for a few minutes, a flock of goats is almost certain totakeadvantageof the opportunity to ruin every plant in the enclosure. A few days since a resident of David-street sustained a serious loss in this way. A paling of tbe back fence being broken, a small lamily of goats got in, and in less than a quarter of au hour had completely ruined three out ot five fruit trees which the garden contained. THE JERILDERIE SHOW.—The date of the annual show of the Riverina Pastoral and Agricultural Society has been altered from 30th July to 16th July. One of the reasons which have led to this change is the fact of the rail way demonstration having been fixed for tbe 15th July. As free railway passes will be granted to holders of banquet tickets, it is expected that there will be an extraordinarily large number of visitors to Jerilderie on tbat occasion, and the show committee have very judiciously decided to take advantage of the opportunity to secure a good attendance at the exmbition. LAND NATIONALISATION LEAGUE.—We have received a copy of the constitution and rules of the Land Nationalisation League of New South Wales. The objects of the organisation arc stated as follows (a) To stop the further sale of all Crown lands; (b) to restore to the State the ownership of land already sold, by such means as may be approved of by a majority of the people or their representatives at the time being ; (c) to provide for tbe leasing of all lands on such terms as shall ensure to the State a fair rental, and to the tenant full security for his improvements and the results of his industry. SOHOOL TKACHEBS' RESIDENCES.—His Excellency tbe Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to approve of such portions of the regulations of 17th June, 1880 (Nos, 32A and 34), as relate to residencee, being amended as follows " In addition to these salaries, residences, vested or rented, will be provided for married men in charge of public schools; but a residence *®nted for a teacher shall be as near as practicable to his school. Mistresses of departttento, and unmarried teachers in charge of public schools, may be paid such allowances in lieu of rent as the Minister may direct." CRUELTY TO A HORSE.—A Wodonga correepondeut writes « One of the most glaring cases of cruelty ever brought before the public nappeued to a quiet horee belonging to Mr. Cbarles M'Farlane, farmer, Felltimber Creek, » odonga West, on Sunday morning. In going ri^P the horee to feed him (the horse was hobbled) it was found to be so much beaten w?f th head and ?, ho *y that the owner was 7 S t, t0 re «»gniBe him. The head (one nr 2 •jsmashed to a mummy, and the leg or shoulder broken. The horee is able to stand A reward of iB offL°?n,^ree leg8 * on«ed for the conviction of the offenders. A ® 0 *fW£efuI act of cruelty never was per- « E 7 ea the sapling where the animal down, and showed that a great struggle had taken place. The horse was worth ;£40., The black trackers will be employed to trace out the matter, but I am atraid that the rain has effaced all tbe tracks." UPPER MURRAY RAILWAY.—A meeting of the committee appointed at the public meeting was held on Monday eveniog. The Mayor occupied the chair, and the other members resent were Messrs. Affleck, Griffith, Scanlan, lolomon, Edmondson, Scbmiedt, Gulson, and Lamport. On the motion of Mr. Affleck, seconded by Mr. Griffith, Mr. L. Gulson was appointed secretary to the committee, and the Mayor was elected treasurer. A resolution was carried to the effect that Mr. Gulson should visit the route of the proposed railway, convene public meetings at different ceutres of population along the valley of the Murray, ana obtain statistics as to the population, pro* duction, &c.;, of the district traversed. The committee then formally enrolled themselves into a permanent body under tbe title ot "The Albury and Upper Murray Railway League." Mr. L. Solomou was appointed assistant secretary, to arrange for tbe canvass of the town and suburbs in support of the League. SPECIAL LICENSING MEETING.—At a special sitting of tbe Albury Licensing Bench on Tuesday the following applications for renewal of licenses were dealt with:—A. Baker, Bowna; P. Birtles, Piney Range ; W. J. Billson, Rose Hotel, Albury ; J. J. Black more, Albury ; E. Cass, Albury ; J. Crisp, Alburv ; Amelia Darby ; R. Doughty, Albury ; H. Elliott, Jindera ; P. Flinn, Albury; T. Galvin, Albury ; W. Green, Albury ; T. Griffiths, Howlong ; W. Harvey, Mullengandra; F. Heilmann, Albury; J.Hore, Wyndham; M. Layton, Albury ; N. Leonard, Howlong ; J. M'Arthur, Albury ; J. M'Cormack, Albury ; D. M'Cormack, Albury; W. M'Camey, Albury; Wm. Morrisey, Albury; T. Menz, Jindera ; J. Pool, Albury ; R. Rixon, Albury : T. Ryan, Albury j C. Schmiedt, Albury ; Jas. Sherry, Albury ; J. Stanton, Howlong; C.Ten Brink, Albury ; B. Vincent, Wagra. No objections being offered, the whole of tbe renewals were granted. The magistrates present were the police magistrate and Messrs. Wood and M'Lennan. SERGEANT FLOOD.—Sergeant Flood passed through. Wangaratta last week from Beechwortb, en route for Melbourne, to take his passage on board the s.s. Austral for England, in order to be identified as the heir to a handsome legacy of ^7000 bequeathed him by his father. Sergeant Flood has been for many years doing duty in the North-Eastern district, some of which was at Greta, where he had been time stationed, and where he took an active part in the pursuit of tbe Kelly gang. He was thence removed to Vackandandab, where he remained stationed duriug tbe extinction of the Kellys, there being appre- hensions at the time of his removal of a raid being made on tbe banks in that town, owing to its close proximity to the hills, and the probability of an attack from those desparadoes. He was subsequently promoted to the rank of second-class sergeant, and removed to Beechworth, where he leaves his wife and family during his trip to England ; and from the esteem in which he had been held we are sure that a hearty welcome will greet his return. ALBURY VOLUNTEER CORPS.—In response to tbe invitation published iu our last issue, s good number of members attended at the secretary's office ou Saturday and took the oath ot allegiance. As there is now more than a sufficient number to form one company, a start will be made with drill on Saturday evening next (to-morrow). Tbe drill will commence at half-past 7 o'clock, in the old Exchange stables in Smollett-street, when it is hoped tbat every one who has been sworn in will attend. Steps have been taken to obtain permission for tbe formation of a second company, aud as this will probably be obtained, the secretary will continue to swear in non-members every Saturday from 11 to 12 o'clock, until the full number is complete. Those who intend to join bad better avoid any delay in the matter, as from this date all who present themselves, and are eligible, will be enrolled, irrespective ot whether their names appear on the original list taken some months ago, or not. A meeting of committee will be held in tbe drill-room at 7 o'clock, when a full attendance is requested, ns business of importance has to be dealt with. A GHOST AT GRANTA.—A correspondent writes :—" According to the popular notion, ghosts are only regular visitors in old-established places. Mouldering walls, worm-eaten wainscoting, and other evidences of antiquity are usually held to be indispensable to the production of an orthodox apparition, and it savors perhaps somewhat of impertinence to claim the possession of a bona jide spirit for a comparatively new settlement like Gr&nya.; An ounce of practical experience is, however, worth a ton of tradition in this as in any other matter, and I take the present opportunity of protesting against any monopoly of ghosts for the future. Several of the men going to work at the Maritana claim have seen our ghost, which takes the form of a human being of extraordinary size, surrounded by a halo of phosphorescent light The appearance of the spirit is accompanied with a strange sound like tbat made by the rustle of a silk dress. So powerful has been the impression created, that several ot the men, noticing a hollow in the ground at the spot where the spectre usually appears, jumped to the conclusion that some victim of foul play had there met an untimely grave, and they accordingly dug up the ground to some depth, but without finding anything more sensational than an ant-bed* In the absence of any resident ccclcsiastic competent to deal with an emergency of tbis nature, Mr. C. C. Sparrow, the local postmaster, as the only official person available, purposes taking an early opportunity of exorcising the spirit." ALBURY POLICE COURT.—At this court on Friday the case of A. O. Boyle v. W. Kelton was called on. Mr. Thorold appeared for plaintiff, Mr. Wilkinson for the defendant. Tbe defendant was summoned on a charge of illegally selling five bullocks, the property of plaintiff. On the application of plaintiff the case was adjourned. On Monday a man named John Cumming, charged with having stolen a blanket aud some reels of cotton, the property ot T. R. Travers, was remanded to Wahgunyah. On Tuesday, Robert Devere was charged with using indecent language in a railway train. Evidence of the offence having been given by Constable Grimes, defendant said he had been drunk and did not remember tbe circumstance. A fine of 40a. was imposed. Thomas Everitt was charged, on remand, with horse-stealing in 1868. The evidence taken at the Howlong police court having been taken, Sergeant Brown deposed tbat owing to the destruction of papers and books he had been uneble to obtain any further evidence in tbe case. The prisoner, who in reply to the usual question said, " I simply say t am not guilty," was then committed for trial. Mr. Wilkinson appeared for the defence. Truant Inspector v. W. Eelton.—This was a summons for breach of the compulsory clause in respect of defendant's son. Defendant was fined fis. and costs. J. Hen Ah aw, for a like offence, was represented by bis wife, who said she was unable to feed or clothe the child. Case withdrawn. F. Fugger, on a similar charge, was fined 5a. and costs. THE EMERSON MINSTRELS —The Emerson Minstrels concluded their short season in Albury on Friday evening, having been fAVored on both evenings with crowded houses. The entertainment fully merited the patronage it received, the audience being kept in a roar of laughter from tbe rise of the curtain to its fall. The first part of the programme consisted of tbe usual " nigger " concert business, with Mr. C. Cogill as u bones," Mr. Billy Emerson " tambo," and Mr. A- Holland as "Johnson." An excellent selection of solos was well rendered by various members of the company, and the choruses by the united force of the troupe were given in a specially creditable manner. Many of the numbers were encored, and all were highly applauded. At the intervals between the sougs some very amusing dialogue was carried on between the cornermen, the jokes being new, and funny without coarseness. The second part of the entertainment began with a comic sketch entitled " Flirting," in which Mr. Burt Stanley in tbe character of " Kitty Moore," and Mr, Pixley as " Montie Melrose," were irresistibly funny. Mr. Stanley's impersonation of the female character was indeed a remarkably clever performance. A capital bit of burlesque came next, iu which the Cogill Brothers distinguished themselves. Messrs. Walsh and Kiog give a very good exhibition nf step-dancing, and " Billy" Emerson's comicalities evoked tbe most enthusiastic plaudits. The performance was brought to a close with a farce entitled " Konfooshon," which further tested to the utmost the risible faculties of the audience. The orchestra, under the charge of Mr. Reinhart, lent additioual attraction to a really capital evening's entertainment. THE DIVISION or RUNS.—The Department of Lands is experiencing considerable difficulty in finally notifying the division of pastoral holdings by reason of the dilatoriness of lessees in replyiug to letters suggesting modifications and alterations essential in the interests of the public. With a view to tbe early proclamation of a lands office day, the Acting Secretary for Lands has determined upou allowing a limited time to those lessees who may be in fault, to give in their concurrence, or state their objections against tbe proposals suggested ; and should they fail to reply within such prescribed time, steps will be taken to divide the holdings without further reference to them. It has also been found tbat in many instances informal applications have been made. These informalities have, of course, been brought under the notice of those interested, but a number of them remain unadjusted. These matters materially interfere in tbe settlement of important considerations, and in order to have everything brought to a close it has been decided to disregard all applications that are not in accordance with the provisions of the 7lst and 81st sections of tbe Crown Lands Act of 1884. The effect of this will be that when a lands office day is proclaimed lessees in tbe Eastern and Central divisions of the colony who have failed to comply with the formalities laid down in the Act and regulations, will have their holdings open to selection, and at the termination of their present leases the whole of their runs, less such areas as may in the meantime have been taken up, will revert to tbe Crown. It will, therefore, be wise on the part of those interested to give their immediate attention to these matters. THE ALBUBY CRICKET CLUB CONCERT. —This concert, in aid of tbe funds of the club, was held in the Mechanics' Theatre on Tuesday evening, and notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather the hall was comfortably filled. The first part consisted of song aud ballads, in which the Misses Hawley, Janet Stewart, Harbor, and Heath, and Messrs. Mackay and Headley took part Mr. Harry Jackson gave general satisfaction inhis comic Tendering of the "Maid and the Magpie," as also did Mr. M'Govera in the well-known recitation of'Shamus O'Brien." The second part was called " Tom Brown's Dream/' and was successfully per- formed by tbe scholars of the public school. The third part was also undertaken by the boys, and tbe march past of'the Arabs and the Albury Contingent was something to be remembered, and reflects great credit oo their teacher, Mr. Bax. Tbis piece concluded with a thrilling tableau entitled the " Death of the Mahdi," amidst red fire and cannonade. The fourth part commenced with an overture by Mr. I vers on, " Auld Robin Gray." The playing of this gentleman on the violin is so well known that it is unnecessary to comment upon it. The audience were BO well satisfied with the performance that au encore was demanded. An acquisition to concert circles was Mr. Ninniss, who recited " Goody Grim v. Lapstone" with such elocutionary effect as to lead the audience to believe that this was not the first time he had received tbe applause of an approving audience. " Tbe Soldier's Tear," Mr. Fullarton, and " My Pretty Jane," bv Mr. G, Mackay, with " God Save the Queen," by the company, concluded a most pleasing entertainment, satisfactory to the audience and the treasnrer of the Albnry Cricket Club. During tbe interval Mr. J. Walker Jones, president of tbe club, thanked the audience for their patronage, and the ladies and gentlemen who had so kindly given their services. THE MINISTERIAL BANQUET.—A meeting of the committee appointed to arrange for the Ministerial banquet was held on Saturday afternoon. Mr. Thorold occupied the chair, and tbe other members present were Messrs. Turner, J. Day, M'Lennan, Mate, Emerson, Ten Brink, Dr. Andrews, and the hon. sec. (Mr. Maclure). The hon. sec. read a letter from Mr. George Day stating that Ministers had accepted the invitation, but could not yet fix the precise date of the banquet, which, however, would be some time after the 20th inst. Mr. Day added that ample notice would be given to allow time lor the preparation of the banquet. As there was some doubt on the part of the committee regarding what might be considered " ample time," it was decided to suggest to Mr. Day tbat at least ten days'- - notice would be desirable. It was agreed to invite the members of tbe Victorian Government to meet the New South Wales Ministers, and as a formal invitation could not be sent pending the fixture of the date, a member of the committee about to visit Melbourne undertook to ascertain privately if the Victorian Ministers would attend. The following names were added to the committee :—Messrs. A. Frew, M'Kellar, Gulson, Westendorf, J. Wilkinson, W. Chauncy, W. C. Steel, P. Joyce, J. M'Donald, L. Frdre, J. D. Lankester, j. Mitchell, C. L. Griffith, A. O. Boyle, W. H. Easterby, W. Kiddle, W. Frew, C. J. Morton, H. RoOer, W. J. Gordon, J. Hayes, W, Huon, W. M'Camey, M. Friedmao, J. M'Laurin, C. Frauenfelder, A. W. Wallder, G. Culnane. As no further arrangements could be made for tbe banquet until the date was determined, tbe meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. OQ Wednesday another meeting was held. The secretary read a letter from Mr. G. Day, M.L.A., stating tbat several of the Ministers were ill, and suggesting tbat the hanquet should not be pushed on too hurriedly. It was decided, on the motion of Mr. Turner, seconded by Mr. James Day, that the banquet be postponed until such time as Ministers would be able without inconvenience to attend. IMPORTANT LAND SALES.—Several important sales of land are announced to take place at an early date. To-morrow Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Co. will offer 19 building lots in tbe northern part of the town, having large frontages to Kiewa and other streets; four lots near the railway gates in Wilson-street; and other lots in Clarke-Btreet and Smollett-street* Messrs. A. Phillips and Co. will also sell on the same day a block of 319 acres in the parish of Tatooga; and the same firm will offer on Monday next two portions of land in the parish of Bowna. Messrs. Ten Brink and Thatcher announce a grand sale of town and suburban lands on Saturday, 11th July. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in this issue :— Mrs. Gilligan, fruiterer, Townsend-street ; Ormoud's cigars; Mr. A. Tone sells land at Bright 2nd July ; Messrs. F. and A. Figgin sell horses, drays, &c.;, at Mulwala 23rd June ; sale of stud rams at Deniliquin 23rd July ; Messrs. Edmondson, Parker and Co. announce first half-yearly realising sale, to commence to-morrow ; horse lost; meeting at Bethanga on 25th inst.; Corowa Church bazaar • Messrs. F. and A. Piggin sell land at Corowa 29th Jane; Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Co. sell cottage in Smollett-street, to-morrow ; meeting at Howlong 23rd June ; cheque lost; A- Fnllarton and Co., storekeepers, wodonga; Sisters of Mercy acknowledge donations; Mr. J. Colbert, Commercial Hotel, Bethanga ; Gipsy encampment at Corowa ; trespassers on Annandale warned ; meeting Corowa P. and A. Society on 25th June ; Mr. J. L. M'Eachern sells rcapera-and-binders, &c.; ploughing match near Albury on 9th July, under auspices of P. and A- Society ; Messrs. R. Gibson and Co. sell stud stock at Melbourne in August; Mr. J. G. Dougherty sells 1,200 bullocks at Wodonga 29th June; Mr. W. C. Steel holds a sale of town properties in August; Messrs. Griffith and Co. sell 1000 bullocks at Albury 29tb June ; the same firm will offer 960 acres land at Talmalmo on an early date ; Albury market 24th inst.; special horse sale at Albury 17th July; Messrs. Griffith and Co* Bell a large number of town properties tomorrow : tenders for roadworks. 