ANNIVfESABT DINNEB. n.e commemoration of the 13th anniversary of the Belmoro Lodge, No. 10, Protestant Alliance Friendly Society of Australasia, wns held on Thursday night last in the Protestant Hall, and took the form of a dinner, followed by songs and addresses. The tickets and advertisements said that dinner would be on the tables at 8 o'clock, but tlhe hour had long gone by before a commencement was made. There were about GO6 members present, and the chair was ably filled by P.M. H-I. B. Monkley, the vice-chair filling to the lot of P.M. H. Lake. Some attempts at decoration lhad been made by a few green boughs, and the spread was of a substantial character. About nine o'clock theo chairman rose to propose the first toast. He soid he had before him a.some what lengthy programme, comprising songs, recita tions, and toasts. He did not desire to keep those present too longin tlme room, and he would therefore ask them to drink to "Her Majesty the Queen." The toast was drunk with. tuthusiasm, and, accompanied by the pianoforte by Miss Stevenson, the National Anthem was sung. The Chairman then gavo " The Prince of Wales and the Royal Family," which was received with equal loyalty and musical honours. Apologies of absence were read at this stage by the chairman from Sir Henry Parkes, who had an engagement in Sydney, or would have come; from Mr. W. Teece, M.L.A.; the Worshipful Grand Master Mr. T. Wheeler; and from the Grand Secretary, E. T. Iredale. The Vice-Chairman said he had been chosen to propose the health of " The Representative of Her Majesty in the colony, Sir Hercules Robinson" (laughter, during which the proposer discovered his nistake and substituted the correct title). The toast being drunk, Mr. Guille (superintendent of the hospital) rose to propose the health of " The Outgoing Parliament," and expressed a hope that the next might be equally successful. In the absence of the member for tile city, Mr. WV. Martin responded. He felt honoured at his position, but expressed regret that no representatives of the Assembly were present. He had merely come to the meeting tas a visitor and hearer, and hlad not dreamt of being called upon to speak. The present Parliament h.d of late been enjoying themselves much in thd-same fashion as they themselves were that nigl?t, and it woas very thoughtful on the part of thowe present tdisl?h them good health. (Laughter). The Parliamelt was not at perfect one. It was impossible to find a man who is perfect, and the Parliament was only an assembly of men. It was nccessary, therefore, for them to exercise some degree of charity. The popular idea was that candidates were solely actuated by motives of patriotism, but some of thelm knew better tlhan that. Nevertheless, he thought he was strictly correct in saying that the Now South Wales Parliament would bear comparison with those of the other colonies, and was as well-conducted as the Imperial Parliament itself. With all its faults, it was not so bad as had been painted. Personally, Ihea was radical in politics, and would like to see the payment of members a fact. It was preferable to pay them rather than allow them to pay themselves. They were acbout to give up the ghost, politically, anid therefore entitled to their sympathly. The next item on the progracmme was a song, "Our Jack's Come Home To-day," by Brothler Lumsden. The piano and the singer seemed at cross purposes, but the song was received with hearty applause. Bro. James Hodges proposed "themunicipality," and referred in the course of a brief speech to tihe waterworks. He nnderstood that two or three months would find them better able to withstand the summer droughts. The toast was drunk with musical honors and "three times three." Alderman Wombey heartily thanked them for tie cordial way in which the toast had been received. I-Is belonged to the much-abused Council, for they came in for a good slhare of abuse from the press. They would, however, bearcomparisonwitllanyother municipality in New South Wales. They did not squabble, they had no fights and blacked eyes. Occasionally there was a little ruffling of the water, but it soon subsided, and generally they workcd together in harmony. They had accomplished a good deal, and the works already done would bear examination. Further improvements were contem plated. In the public parkle they intended laying out walks and drives, anid planting trees. Baths also were to be erected. He could not tell them when the water supply would be available; probably some 8 or 9 months would elapso before everything was completed and in working order. They had also asked the Government to do tile sewerage works. They would be very expensive, but it was essential that they should be done. Brother D. Clifford followed with a spirited reOi tation- " Advance Aarusralia," which elicited marked approval. Brother A. Lansdown in a fow terse sentences gaveo "The Commercial Prosperity of Goulburn." It was a thing they were all interested in. Brother D. Olifford was called upon to respond, and thought they had no need to complain of their progress. They were second to no inland town of the colony. Buiness must be good on the whole when they saw so many enlarging their premises. Brother John Hodges said he was not prepared to make any speech in proposing the toast which had fallen to his lot to give, but he had no hesitation in affirming that they would drinkl it heartily. He gave them the Protestint Alliance Friendly Society of Australasia, No. 10, Bhlmore Lodge. It had been established 13 years and was still going ahead. The toast was drunk with musical honours. Brother Johnson, the secretary. in responding said they all knew he was a poor speaker ; bat he flattered himself that what he said wais to the point. With regard to the lodge, they had every reason to con gratulate themselves upon their success. Since their last anniversary they had received an acccession of 18 new members, and lhad on the books 161. 7 were bad on the books--4 under 23s and 3 under 40s. The last balance-sheet presented ici June showed a credit of £1023 is 2d. Their total income last year was £482 lls 8 ; sick pay had amounted to £106i 14s 6d; levies to grand lodge over £90; doctors' mcdi cine and attendance £142; expenses of management £40-a total expenditure of £380 in round numbers, whichl left a credit balance of over £100. The Vice-chairman gave "Thy Sentinel am I" in a very vigorous and pleasing manner, being accom panied on the instrumaent by Mfr. IIarmenr ic the ex cellent way characteristic of that gentleman. The Chairman followedl by proposing the letoast of tihe medical officers of the lodge. Hie said it was perhaps the most important one of the evening. The medical men had arduous duties to perform, and Belmore Lodge had been fortunate in its officers. They had proved courteous, painstaking, practical, and skilful in the exercise of their duty. To speak plainly, they were men who would stand no " bam boozlement." Mbany memnbers gave the doctor muoh unnecessary trouble over ailments whisb, if not altogether imaginary were certainly very light. The toast was received warmly and with musical honours. Dr. Morton did not expect this toast would have been proposed, and he was gratified at the good-will shown. It had been said that the medical men were oflte called to attend ic very trifling cases; butthat lodge liad not troubled him much in that respect. Ieo had not been called to one case of the kind re ferred to. If le Ihad the confidence of the embeners he waes amply satisfied. It sometimes happened that a medical man came home wet and tired, and just as he was looking for the enjoyment of a littls well-parned rest a knoek came at the door, and his services were required, perhaps at some distance. Uuder such circumstances it was to h'bo expected the tired doctor might seemrn rather grnff. Ho aproved pf those social gatherings. They helped. torub eloff *harp angles and spaleo men mcore :neeighbolrly hnd sympathletic with ecah otlher. He thanked them sincerely for their ;,arm-hcarted toas. The secretary responded briefiy on bhehalbef of Dr. Ray, who had intendcd being present, -bht was unavoidally deterred. Brother MIockley gave the splendid song, "Nil Desperacdum," and fully deserved the applase whichl burst out at its conclusion. Miss Stevenson .ccomnpanied. Brother Stone gave " Kindred Societies," and spoke highly of the help which he personally, as well as his father, had derived in times of sickness from benefit societies. Brother R. Creig responded on ehahlf of the Druids, Sons of Temperance, and Reochabites in a brief speech. Brotlher Morris made an attempt at "Aunio Leeurie," which proved rather too severe a strain on his vocal powers, and substituted in its room "Saucy Sailor Boy." Brother Craig in a humourous speech gave "The Ladies," and Brother Johne Hodges responded. Brother Lake, who wae iu lineo voice, followed with "Safely Follow Him," which hle rendered in good style. Brother Haddon gave "The TPress,".and in the course of his remarks animadvertod upon the delay. in the completion of the water works. His ideas on the Goulburn press were highly flattering. The toast was drunk with three times three, and was responded to by the representatives of the three local papors. Toasts to the Chairman, to the Secretary and Assistant Secretary, to Miss Stevenson for her useful services at the pianoforte, to the Caterer (1r. Howett), and to thle Treasurer (Mr. James Hodges), brought the prooeedings to a olose about midnight 