ECHOES OF MELLBOUIRY'E. [mr TuE Giosr.] The whirligig of time has brought us face to face with another year. 18 5 is now numbered with the thinga of the past, and 18S5 reigns in its stead. Le Iloi est mort ; Vire lo e11 ! On every blank wall, on the pavement of our streets, or every vacant spot to which the larrikin cah gain access, the figures stare at us in obtrusive fashion and remind us that weoare fast nearing that bourne from wlhene no traveller re turns, that our pilgrimage is shortening, and that the span of " three score years and ten" is-with someu of us sit least-fast drawing to a close. The occasion is one which the moralist never fails to"iin prove," and is therefore hardly one upon which the gossip should dilate. While the former speeds the departing December, the latter merely welcomes the coming Janu ary. May the twelvemonthl ipon which we have just entered be to all of us a prosperous uone, giving fruition to our hopes, dispelling our fears, 'realising our aspirations, and proving in reality to each and everyone of ils, A HaIppy New Year. Polities and politicians have, for the moment, been replaced in the public mind by pantomimes and pantaloons. During the week the Government has held high holiday, the Ministers, its a rule, being conspicuous by their absence frosm their ollices. Only a couple of his' Excellency's advisers are now, at rare intervals, to be seen "on the block;" for, although Mr. Deakin has been in town, ha left by the Sydney express a day or two ago, ea route for California. In all probability we shall hear of that gentleman's doings in America in about three weeks from the present time. He will not, of course, have then arrived at his destination. But what matter? On a former occasion a newspaper correspondent took time by the foreclock, and wrote an interesting account of San Francisco, while the vessel that bore him was still a. week's sail distant from the Golden Gates. If the'enterprising newspaper scribe of the present day has not degenerated, we sotrcly have'n right to expect a repetition of this feat of journalistic clairvoyance. What has once been done can always be ,done again. The other members of the Govern ment at their posts are Messrs. Berry and, of course, the Premier, who realises that he cannot afford to b,e away during the present important crisis in the history of Australasia. Victoria has been urged in plain terms by an influential London news paper to act boldly at the present june ture, if she isnot desirous of seeing a colony of foreigners established at her very doors ; and who can say that, acting on the plucky advice tendered, Mr. Service will not send our war vessels to take possession, on accmsnt of a United Austialia, of the ter ritory, ivitholut which the boundaries of the nascent dominion, the birth of which Lord Derby has done so much to hasten, would be incomplete ? As for Mr. Berry, he has been gaining fresh experience to enable him to speak as an expert, when the "social" legislation to be undertaken during next session is submitted to honour able members. He has been "going the rounds," and emulating Alrouhn-el Rashid, of Arabian Nights' notoriety, visit ing encog. some of the leastreputableparts of the city. The adorned beauty of Lonsdale treet east and the unadorned beauties of Little Ilourke-street have been interviewed by the Chief Secretary, the task being, of course-like the acts of Sir Joseph Porter, of "Pinafore" fanme-undertaken "offici ally." Major Barker, of the Salvation Army, had, on tile occasion of the tour, the care of Mr. Berry's soul ; the safety of his body being entrusted to an Inspector of Police. There can be small doubt that when the proper time comes, and Mr. Berry throas the fierce light of publicity upon the dark spots of immoral Melbourne, his utterances will be listened to.by his brother legislators with the attention a narrative, in which the narrator has taken a part, never fails to command, Some years ago, some speculative and imaginative gentlemen in Ballarat formed an association, registered as " The Sunken Vessels Recovery Company," for the. pur pose of purchalsing such ships as might become wrecks within a convenient distance of their intended sphere of operations. No marine disasters occurred, however, to re ward their enterprise, and the " promoters" alone made any profit out of the venture, which, like numbers of itspredecessors and successors, after a short existence, utterly collapsed. Now, why should not a" syndi cate" be organised for the purpose of "working" the sharks in Port Phillip? Within the last few days two of these monsters have been caught, which, on being "opened up," yielded a gold watch and chain, a suit of clothes, a signet ring, and ten and sixpence in cash. Many of our anuriferous reefs are not half as remunera tive. Should this idea be acted upon, a few shares (fully paid up) forwarded to the secretary of the Provincial Press Union will be thankfully received by the origi nator of the scheme. Our IRailway Commissioners appear thoroughly imbued with the good old Con servative doctrine that all reforms; tobe effective, should be gradual. They have now been some eleven months in office, and cattle trucks are still used at holiday. time for the conveyance of her Majesty's lieges. The transition from the truck to the first class carriage might perhaps have been too violent for the susceptible nerves of the Victorian travelling public. But with the ample funds placed at their disposal by Parliament, Mr. Speight and his colleagues might surely have caused to be constructed, or ventured to import, a few second-class carriages. It is rather rough upon New Ye sr's Day travellers to ask them to in' augurate the coming twelvemonth by literally " making beasts of themselves', while on their journey. The Polynesia Company, an association with large interests in Fiji, has, in solemn meeting assembled, resolved, as justice cannot be obtained from the English Colonial Office, to take advantageofthe fact of anumber of Germans being shareholders, to appeal to Prince Bismarck for a redressal of their wrongs ! To this depth of degra dation has the son of the "Rupert of debate" dragged down a body of English men! At a meeting held in Melbourne on Monday, 'presided over by the honourable L. 'L. Smith, an Executive Councillor of Victoria, a resolution to adopt this course was unanimously arrived at. Verily Lord Derby has much to answer for! If Victoria is uunable to induce the sister colony of New South' Wales to help in keeping the Germans and French from an nexing New Guinea and the New Hebrides, she is at all events able to assert her supremacy in the cricket field. Without the adventitious aid of " luek," our repre sentatives have inflicted on the New South Welshmeon the most severe drubbing they ever received. Yet there was a marked falling off in the enthusiasa, with which the victory was hailed. For, sooth to say, tihe lovers of England's national game have been of late painfully impressed with the opinion that -. s. d., and not the barren honour of success, has been the actuating motive of our wielders of tihe willow. The talk was once of " Sydney grubbers;" now it is of " money grubbers." The pantomimes at the Royal and the Opera House have this year been most gorgeously mounted, and to those whose esthetie tastes are not satisfied with:the effects produced by a generous display of limelights and legs, the scenery, as a work of art, supplies every deficiency. The jokes, puns, and fun, of both " Cinderella" and " Sinbad the Sailor" are, however, of tihe usual inane description. " Confusion," at the Bijou, is drawing large houses; but the "legitimate comedy" at the Princess is being sadly neglected by the public. The best shilling's woeth of amusement in Melbourne is now to be obtained at the Jubilee Exhibition. Jan. 2. 