2SMMAZL A NOVfiL. Br II. E. BRADDON, AsVbor er "Last Annas? s Ssoasr," "Vixsir, "Tns Got-nsn Caw, &o.;, ft 0. Chapter XXXIV. — " The Krxanosis op Na tions Gathered Together." — (Continued.) The mansion of the Clavarache family was one of the oldest houses iu tho Faubourg St. Garmain. It was situated in ono of tho quiet old streets of the faubourg, behind those mag nificent xnodom buildings on tho quays, the. official residences of and ambassadors, the villas of Jewish millionaires and new nobility. There was a suggestion of tho past in every gable and chimney in tho exterior view, in every cornice and doorway within. For more than a centnry and a half the good old honse had remained nnnltered from its original splendor of tho Louis Quatorzo period. It bad begun to be old-fashioned in the days of the Regenoy, and was positively rococo under j Lonis Quinze. , , i .During tho first Empire, and throughout the reign of Louis Philippe, tho Clavaroohes dwelt apart. They led a life of absolute seclusion in the midst of the great busy city, received only n few old friends of tho most strictly Legitimist opinions, gave themselves np to devotion which touched the boundary line of bigotry, were altogether pious, dull and narrow-minded, refusing to believe in the virtues of the good Citizen King, or to gladden his court by the light of their countenances They grew old and grey in tho old grey house, amidst mouldering draperies and faded tapestries and tarnished gilding ; relics of tho past which to the Claravoche inind were in themselves a patent of aristocracy ; curtains which had screened their groat-groat.grandmothers, arm-chairs in which princes and cardinals of the great king's court had sat ; looking glasses whioh had reflected the vanished beauty of La Yalliereand Monte3pau. Baron Clavaroche lived up to the mature age of forty under the maternal wing, sharing all the opinions and cherishing all tho preju dices of ma mere, whoso hand he kissed in his stately fashion whenever he gave her his morning greeting ; but shortly after his fortieth birthday, aud about three years ago, the Boron, during a visit to the little town of Vicliy with his invalid parent, had the happy fortune to win tho good graces of a wealthy financier's daughter, a young lady of the new Bchool, and an ardent Bonapartist, The marriage renewed the fortunes of the house of Clavaroche, which had subsided to a dead level of mediocrity ; but it broke tho Old baroness's heart. After enjoying the privilege of domineering over her son's habits, opinions and speech for the last forty years, ft seemed a hard thing to huve the sceptre of maternal authority, tho dignity of her position ns mistress of that grave old house in tho fau bourg, the administration of her son's slender fortune, which ho bad nnrsed and managed with a discretion worthy of an old finanoier, to havo all tho power and glory of her life snatched from her grasp by a plnmp and somo - what vnigar young woman of five and twenty, who had been brought up on American princi ples by a doting and indulgent fatlior, who had been allowed to spend money like water, and who had beon flattered by tho young fortune hunters of the period until she fancied herself irresistible. Perhaps the ohief reason of Mademoiselle Bourley's appreciation of the Baron's merits was the fact that he among all her acquaint ance had treated her as a common mortal, and had never stooped to flatter her. The good old name of Clavaroche, the odor of sanctity which hung round these families of tho old rock — these things wero also an at traction ; and Elise Bourley had onlvbeen ac quainted with Theodore Clavaroche threo weeks when she signified to her adoring father that she had at last seen a man whom she could condescend to marry. "The others about whom you teased mo wero all detestable," she said ; " but the Baron Clavaroche is at least a gentleman. And if be Is stnpld, tbat will be so much the better for me, as I intend to be mistress in my own bouse." The matter was easily arranged, the bride being one of the richest heiresses in Paris, and the bridegroom having long looked towards marriage as a break in the monotony of his life. A week after the beginning of the Paris winter season, Baron Clavaroche and Mademoiselle Bourley were married at the Madeleine. Tlio service was performed at midnight, a magni ficent function, at which all fashionable Paris assisted. The Dowager Baroness was an old woman when this blow fell upon her, and her health had beeu failing for some time ; but she had Btood up like a tower against the encroach ments of age; she had held her own in her narrow circle against all comers ; her voioe was as loud, her frown as awful, her hatred of existing institntions as rancorous, her abnse of those in power— notably of tho good and fair Empress— as vehement as it had been in the early days of the Citizen King ; but after her son's marriage she gave way all at once, the tower was sapped at its bass, the walls began to crumble, the hoar of ruin and downfall was near at hand. On the eve of her son's wedding she made him swear that ho wonld be true to the elder branoh of the house of Bourbon as long as she lived. " When I am in my grave you can do what yon like," she said ; " I shall not be tbero to know of your treason ; and in purgatory I shall have enough to do to bear the burden of my own sins, without feeling the weight of yours. The new baroness chafed against the old order of thingsfrom the very beginning of her wedded life. She longed to sweep away theoldfumiture the faded tapestries, the tarnished " gilding. It was in vain that her husband urged that the things she despised were precious as objects of art. She replied that the Empress could tolerate nothing - that was not Btrictly in the Btyle of Marie Antoinette; and that these ornate and ponderous old cabinets and sofas and gigantic arm chairs of the seventeenth centnry were detestable, these sienna marble slabs and brazen arab esques the very lowest form of art. " Do not disturb the old honse while my mother inhabits it," he pleaded, "She will not trouble us long." Elise grumbled a little. There was no know ing bow long an old woman might spin ont the thread of life ; . and while the Dowager dawdled and lingered over those closing scenes youth was hurrying past for tho yonng Baroness, pleasures hastening by her un tasted, while (he languished in that dusty old house, and was allowed to receive no ono except a few Legitimists who were a quarter of a century behind the times, and stiU regretted Charles the Tenth. She was panting to call in the great npholatereri of the day, to Bend all those ponderous grandeurs of the past to the auction room, to be sold en bloc with all their associa tions included— aye, even the chair In which Torgot had sat, the table npon which the Dae de Richelieu had played lansquenet with car dinals and princes of the blood royal. She was pining to redecorate and refurnish that his toric mansion, to awaken the sleeping echoes with the sound of fiddles and cornets, to set the light airy feet of tho empire dancing in those stately halls that had seen the revels of an older dynasty. She was languishing to let the gay and garish -light of the present in npon the dim shadows of the past, to dis perse the ghosts, and bring the living, breath ing, moving Vanity Fair of new Facia about and around ber. " Ton might as well have taken me to lire in a tomb," she exclaimed pettishly to her husband, whose aristocratic face and dignified bearing might adorn bnt oertalnly did . ..Tp¥bd hrsfd»l snsmssenl wUAffiesatesr. not enliven her existence. "Indeed, it is much gayer in the funeral chapel of tho great Emperor, yonder," with a jerk of her head towards tho Involidcs— " for there peoplo nro always coming and going. Hero thero is no one. At dusk, after the house is chut up for the night, I can Iicav the silence in the hall and on tho Btaircnse." Boron Clavarooheadmittedlhnt thehouse was rather Irisie. : it was a quality of fine old housed to be tristc ; and it was a raro privilege to enjoy in the honrt of Paris tho seclusion of a chiteau in Normandy. "I liato chut'uu.r in Normandy or nnywhete else," exclaimed Eliso ; "and I would rather havo an apartment in the Champ9 EIya4es, or in tho Faubourg Saint Honor4 than this houso of yours, which has missed its vocation, since it ought certainly to be a convent for Carmelite- -sisters who wear nothing but woollen, and are rung up at threo o'clock in the morning to say their prayers." " There can be nothing changed 'so long as my mother lives, " the baron answered, gravely. Ho had given a promise, and he meant to keep it, at whatever inconvenience to himself. The rich young wifo chafed her plumage against her prison bars, complained that there was no use in buying fino gowns when there was no one to see her wear them, but wore tbe gowns all tho same, and was as fine as a parrot in a cage. But tho day came when tho gay colors ho-1 to be put away for a while, and when tho young baroness had to attire herself in that severe and dense black raiment which makes French mourning such a terrible ordeal to the vain and the frivolous. The last sands had rim out in the glass, and the stately funeral car, with its violet velvet canopy, its plumes aud silver soutcheons, had como to carry the old Baroness to her last resting place in the vault below a particularly hideous Egyptian tomb in grey granite, on the ridge of the hill, among the limes and chestnuts of Fere Lachaise;and the young baroness reigned in her stead. Tho young baroness lmd to endure along and weary year of mourning, on which BaronCIava. roohc insisted as asacreddebt, due to the manesof the departed dowager, not one hour of which wns to be remitted : nnd then the old house in the old faubourg awakened to life and bustle aud movement and expenditure. In a day, in an hour, in the opening of a door and the en trance of a crowd of workmen. "The baroness had planned everything with architect aud upholsterers beforehand, and the process of transformation from the old ta the new bogan with tho stroke of tho clock tbat told the last hour of that year of mourn ing. The baron gave in his allegiance to the Emperor, a friend in high quarters having brought about the rapprochement of these two great men; and as soon as her bouse wns ready the baroness opened her doors wide to that strange mixed world of the second Empire, a world in which many wero beautiful, brilliant, distinguished, brave, clever, while some wero even honest and loyal ; but in which there were more scamps, routs, tricksters and charlatans than had ever been seen in the front rank of society since the days of Philip the Regent, who is said to have invented that word roue for the henofit of his own particular friends. "Thoy were mostly creatures worthyof being brokenon the v.-hcel," said tho Priuce. The friends for their part af firmed that the sobriquet was an honorable one implying tho Inst degree of loyalty nnd devo tion, and only signified that thoy were ready to be so broken in the service of tlicir royal master. The baron was not a genius, and he did not carry overto the Imperial side of the senate the weight of a great political reputation ; but his name was a power iu itself, ho voted as ho was told to vote, and he spoko as lie was told to speak ; and in tho3e stormy debates of sixty- seven — debates upon the Mexicau question, debates upon tho Luxembourg treaty, when the language aud the bearing of French sena tors surpassed in dramatic vehemence and bluster tho most vehement and blusterous of demagogues or Home Rulers, Baron Clava- rocho was useful, were it only as a dead weight. And now to do honor to the newest develop ment of the Empire, tho Baroness Clavaroche opened licr doors to receive ali fashionable Paris at a fete more splendid than had ever been given by a private individual within the memory of the oldest inhabitant of that ancient faubourg, whose Highly respectable inhabitants had a knack of living to a greer old age. The ball was to be a costume ball, and cos tume balls were not so common in those days as they are now. In those brilliant seasons that followed tho marriage of the Emptror — in the day of Crimean victories, of Solferiao and Magenta — period of triumph and giory nnd unclouded sunshine — the balls given by Prime Ministers and Imperial favorites had been of an ideal splendor, the costumes and groupings,, tbe historical quadrilles, tho quadrilles of the nations, of the four seasons, the constellations, shepherds and shepherdesses, afterWattoan, the four sons of Aymon — these had bc-en moving piotnres of a brilliancy and a beauty to haunt the memory of man. Ah ! what stars of beauty had Bhone upon those nights of fashion and folly. Oastiglione in the audacious triumph of sensuous loveliness, in her costume of Queon of Hearts, braviug opinion, confronting Hocioty, secure in the dominion of transcendent charms : CastelJane ; Wul- eweka ; each supreme after her fashion, and intent on outshining the glory of her rivals, -Tho Emperor and Empress had loved to assist in these festivities. They had entered and vanished mysteriously, as in a kind of fairy land, by secret doors communi cating with the Tuileries. They hud changed their costume3 three or four times during tho long night of revelry; but the Emperor's slow and sidelong walk, and bis habit of pulling the drooping ends of his moustache, was apt to betray liim in spite of disguises. Grave senators, even famous lawyers, had not disdained to take part in tbeso assemblies, discreetly attired iu short Venetian mantles of velvet or satin, whioh scarcely concealed the regulation evening dress beneath. The fever for this spectacular form of enter tainment had waned, like all other society fevers, after a time, and there had not been any remarkable ball of tliis kind for the last two or three years. The Baroness Clavaroche took npon herself to revive the taste. Her ball was to be a fancy ball, a masked ball, a ball of dominas, and strange disguises, and mystifications. Masks wore not to be removed till snppcr, a tremen dous banquet which was to be given in a temporary pavilion at the end of tbe garden, large enough to seat 500 people, lighted by oleotricity and said to cost 20,000 franca— -an erection which was to bo carted away during to-morrow'b daylight, and was to vanish almost as swiftly as a scene In a fairly spectacle at the ChUtelet or the Forte Saint Martin, lsay' ing only a big bill behind. The dancing room had been Madame Clara- roche's especial carc. Her ball was to be 'a ball of roses as well as of historic and fanciful costumes. She had re produced that exquisite arrangement of the salle des glaces at Ver sailles which had been tbe admiration ot Parisian society in '55, when the great boll was given in honor ef the Qneen ot England. Garlands of roses were suspended from the ceiling, crossing and recrossing eaoh other in fantastic profusion, and from the rose garlands seemed to hang the crystal chan deliers. The mirrors were framed in rosea, the doorways were festooned with roses, the orchestra was divided into four alcoves, or gilded cages, which filled the corners of tlx room, and the trellises which half concealed -ha amMani were wreathed with rotes, P seemed m If alt the rose gardens of the South could hardfy have furnished so many flowers. Chaftkr XXXV. — 11 And the Fiust Born ok the Pooh sham Feed.'' On that second of July, while Parisian society and all tho pleasure - goekors from foreign lauds woro crowded into the Palace of Industry, where .twenty thou sand privileged spectators wore seated urouud the Imperial throne, high iu its dais of crimson velvet powdered with goldon beta, amidst foli&go; and flowers- aud gigantic trophies of industry aud art, Iihraael wo enjoying a long aud quiet morning in the gardens of the old maiitutory .beyond Marly-le- roi, beautiful exceedingly In the full flush of their midsummer glory, thousauds of roses abloom in tho old-fashioned parterres, magnolia trees weighed down by their heavy waxen chalices breathing per fume, vivid xnaBses of golden broom shining against a background of darkest foliage, long vistas of trreonery, at the end of which sparkled far-off flashes of blue water. It seemed the home of poet or dreamer rather than of practical engineer, contractor, speculator in waste lands, millionaire, Tet it is a fact that u man whose daily work t is of a dry as dust order has often a fonder love of the country than your pn?t and dreamer, and Ishmasl found in these gardens and groves of the old Benedictine monastry relief and refresh ment after his Parisian life which seemed to re new his youth with every fresh visit. There was a deep, sweet pleasure, nut untouched by sadness, in watching these joyous bands of children — childhood without a e.iro — since these little waifs, gathered from the slum and the gutter while thought and memory were still dim, knew not of any world outside these tgardens, or the country walks on which hey were taken at rare intervals for a treat. Of that foul world of Paris, the &nes; and hovels of Menilmontant and Villette, of Ollchy and Montmbrtre, from whioh they had been rescued, they thought, if they ever thought of it at all, as a bad dream which had troubled their babyhood. This life here among leaves, and flowers, and song of birds, and blue sky, in spacious dormitories where the little white beds were purity personified, in lofty play rooms where there were all the simple toys and games that can develop the grace aud strength of healthy childhood, and awaken the mental powers with the mystifications and puzzle? that are the delight of children— this was the reality. That troubled nnd gloomy past, time of dark rooms and loath some odors, mud, squalor, blow-, hunger, was the dream. It was noon, aud Islimael walked, book in hand, in one of those long leafy glades, a grassy walk, betWeea old Spanish chestnuts and flowering limes, with here aud there a spreading oak, that was sup posed to have been planted in the time of Xing Bagobert. The book was a grave book, aud needed to be read in supreme quiet, and at this hour there wa3 not a sound in those groves and gardens except an occasional bird call aud the 1mm of summer insects — truly & quiet family these 750 children of the great contractor, J'.ut when in his pacing up and down Ishmael came to the upper end of the alley, which was only divided by a wide sweep 'J sunlit gren sward from the great grey Gothic pile yonder with its widely opened windows, there fell upon UU ear a sound m of the rolling of far distant waves, or t.he hum of Brobdignagi.'tn beetle-— something vague, tremeudous, altruist awful, like the sound of nati'»u9 furiously raging together, heard from afar. , This dhlant tumult wa- made by the voices of the c iiidren at their dinner hour, accom panied by the rattle of busy knives and forks, the clatter of plates and dishes In rapid circu lation. Iu almost all other schools and in stitutions in I'rauoe the children dined 'in a solemn silence, and were made t»> understand that it was an ofTeuce to break the dumbness, l&hui;⪙'s children were allowed to talk as m uch as they liked, and they eat all their meals in a Babel of young voices ; for Ishmael had been told that it was good for children to talk and laugh as they sat at table, and as his chief desire was not for order and quietude, but for the health and growth of bis little ones, iie allowed full freedom of speech. The children were not allowed to talk with full mouths ; that offence against decency was put down wi tli a high hand by tho grey-robed sisters who walked briskly up and down, serving an d watching behind tho long rows of diner. Tho children were so happy and so free that they took a pride in obeying their teachers, and there was &u; tip+it de vorpa and a loyalty among these rescued ones which might put to shame many a famous public school. Presently, instantaneously as it were, and frith a great shrill chorus of shouting, indis tinct, joyous a the songs of birls, the children came pouriug out upon tho great greeil lawn, almost golden under the ver tical sun — troops of girls in pink aud white cotton — jfaat such cotton as Pa- querette wore that day at Vincenncs when she and Ishmael met for the first timo—a ser- pentiue band of girls, running, flying altndht, making swiftest and moot wonderful curves over the velvet tnrf — dark hair, fair hair waving in the summer brec/e, and & chorus of laughter and joyous snatches of speech to make glad the heart of man —300 girls — children let loose suddeuly ioto loveliest gardens, after a morning's easy lossons and a good diuner. Could there be happiness nprm this earth more perfect? Childhood that knows not care ; childhood that nover heard of want or debt ; childhood with an army of playfellows amid st u paradise of trees and flowers . and with no storn rulca and, xsgnlations, and dictations and conQtcr dictations, and theories and counter theories of an incompetent corn initteo to turn the paradise into a prison. "this was what lahtnaol liitl done fur P:ique- | rctte's sake, for the sake of the wifo who had abandoned hira, blighted his life, and utmost broken Ids heart. He had at first designed a home for boys only, having discovered that in France philanthropy had done much more for tbesuocorand protection of the weakersexthun of tho stronger ; but on becoming owner of the spneions rambling old monnite ry, with ample space around for adding to its accommodation at his pleasure, he determined upon creating a home and a school for girls, who were to be admitted as infants, and who were not to leave until they were old enough and wise enough to cuter upon the arena of life, fortified by a sound nud useful educa tion, and by the robust health which is the natural result of a well-fed. well-cared-for childhood. It was the recollection of Fil- querettes. dismal girlhood in that atony well la the Hue Sombreuil which prompted Ishmael to this extension of his original plnn. Are not those pallid faces of girls and children iu the back .slums of a great city an everlasting appeal to the rich V — just as the hungry faces and gaunt figures in the streets at Christmas time seem to reproach the men aud women in velvet and fur, going home to the roast turkey and plum pudding that have become a burden and a weariness of spirit by sheer satiety. Ishmael could not forget that ground door den in the faubourg, on a level with all the squalor aud foulness of the yard, damp with the slime of ages. Aud there were many such yards in Paris, and, in a city of late years given over to toe madness of strong drink, thsre mnst needs be many such neglected children as Pdquerctte. It was such children S3 these that Ishmael nnd his agent, collected, and brought home to tho paradise at Marly. It was horns vorily, for they had known no other, and they could I know no happier on this side of heaven. | The serpentine train of children stopped its evolutions all in a moment, tho pink cotton frocks, dark hair and golden hair, tumbling over ono another in a sudden confusion ; and f roza. those lips there come a cry of wilder I joy than had been heard before. The little girls had descried that tall figure iu the leafy alley, the grave handsome face and dark kind eyes watching them. It was their patron and friend, .Monsiour Chose. They all came tearing across the g rass to greol liim, a veritable Niagara of children. They clapped their bauds, tlicy elioutcd, they stamped their feet. " Monsiour Choso 1 Monsieur Chose ! Monsieur Chcso I" they cried in shrillest treble — and this was their idea of a polito greeting, II c rely was Monsieur Chose seen on this' side of tho old monastic grounds. He spent many mornings with the boys, teaching them, drilling them, giving them cosy lectures on mechanics, taking them for long pilgrimuges to tho woods of Marly, ' where ho taught them more natural history in an hour than they could learn in a month from their books. With the boys he was a familiar friend, but here his presence was an event. With the girls he ranked as a demigod. They who knew nothing of Greek gods and heroes hod a vague and dim idea that this man was something above common humanity, nnd that it was no ein to worship hire. " Well, little ones," ho said kindly, patting a golden head at his knee, and smiling across the broad ranks of' eagr faces, most of them open mouthed and grinning; " you seem pleased to eee me." Bat thoy only repeated, " Monsieur Cliose ! Monsieur Chose ! Monsieur Chose !" etnmping their feet for accompaniment. It was the rnde eloquence of the masses, and Ishmael understood its meaning per fectly. " What do you want me to do for yon, my children ?" ho asked, seeing himself blockaded i>y a circle of childish heads, a circle that was momentarily becoming thickor nnd extending wider as the U00 ussuiusd this fresh forma tion. " Am I to play one of your games with you — Culin Miu'lard par txtmplef There was a pause of silence, an evident hesitation, as if ono impulse moved all those minds, yet none of those young lips dared utter it. And then a tiny voice, close to Ish- inael's knee, lisped — " Tell ug a story. Monsieur Cho«e." Whereupon followed shrillest of choruses "A story, a storv, a story, Monsieur Chose Ceudrillon, the White Cat, Kortunio, the whole round of i?errault and Madame u'Auluny, each child naming her favorite legend. On certain memorable occasions Tahmael had told these children some of the old fairy tales, a treat never -to ho forgotteu. He looked at his watch, " Do you know that 1 want to go back to Paris bv an early train he said. They «tid not know, aid they did not care a straw. They worshipped him, but his conve nience was not of the slightest consequence to tliem. They only repeated, " Please tell us a story, Monsieur Chose !'' " Don't go back to Paris, Monsieur Chose -The White Cat, please, Monsieur Chose!" "The lhittle lied Hood, please, Monsieur Chose !" with iufinite variations. "It would ho hard to refuse you, my little ones," he said, and he crossed the lawn, fol lowed and surrounded by the infantine herd, till lie caine to a rustic bench under a fine old cedar. Here he seated himself, and the children alt sat. down on iho grass at his feet ; that tinv fair hair.-d child of two anil a. half — she who had been the llrst to give utterance to the wish of all the others— clambered on to the bench and nestled against his arm, with her pale gold curls almost iu his waistcoat. She had no respect of j-ersuns, this baby waif from ono of the Communistic quarters of Paris, Ishmael told them the story of the little girl in the red liood who wns ontho verge fo .being eaten by a wolf. He took cafe to elfect her rescue nt the crisis, lest infantile slumbers should be haunted by that direful tragedy. That wolf in tho story, told close upon bed time by loving mothers or good- natured nurses, 1ms been the author of many a bad dream under baby brows. Better for the tale of Cenilrillou, with its happy ending, its poetical justice ; better the Sleeping Beauty, the Wiiite Cat, anything than those two visions of horror— Blue Beard aud Bed Hiding Hood, Tho bell ringing for vespers at four o'clock warned Ishmael that he had wasted hoars among these babies. Those Jong legs of his would have to stride their fastest to reach the distant station by six. He kept no carriage or saddle horse at the Home, only a couple of springless carts und a pair of sturdy perdterong to fetch provisions from Versailles" or Marly, 