"novelist. his oneIostake. CHiPTEE LXIV.—{COKTETOED.) By BERTHA M CLAY. She knew that Ladj Legard, in her mild way, would Itafl this information through the house, and so all trouble would be saved. While the two gentlemen whom she had left together sto6d looking at each other. " It is a sorry case," said the earl—" a sorry ending to all the bright and pleasant hopeB that your mother had formed for yon. My boy, how could yon mistake'so greatly 1 You have cat yourselfoff from as more, almost, than if yon were dead." "I know it," he replied; "and looking back, I tell you quite honestly that I cannot think how I did it. It was a piece of boyish, Quixotic folly. I never thought of the consequences. 1 never thought of what would happen. I seemed tA remember nothing but the fact that I had persuaded the girl to go ont, and that through me, she was at that hour of bight without home or shelter." " Bui there were a hundred other ways and means I" cried the earl. " None of them occurred to me," said Lord Carsdsle. " I _do not excuse myself in the least; I have not one word to say. Yon are very angry, father ? " " Yes; I am more disappointed than angry. I thought eo much of yoa; I had built perhaps extravagant hopes over you, for ' love you." Lord Cattdale sighed deeply. " Shall we part in anger, father ? " he asked. " We hare never had an unkind word—will yon not be a little "merdM to me now ? " " I cannot," said the earl, with a low moan, as of sudden pain—" I cannot, for yoa have destroyed my life 1 n . And those were the last words that passed between them for many?years. CHAPTER LXV. A NOBLE WOMAN'S ADVICE. «I do not know," said Lord Carsdale, "how " I have summoned courage to tell yoa the truth. I can never hope that you wiU forgive m?." . - . He was Bitting with Lady Ethel under one of the great spreading «aks in the park. He had asked herto come oaf with him, as he had something very particular to say to her. One look at his troubled, haggard face told her the words were not idle ones, and, without any reply, she pat on her hat and mantle, and went with him. How he told her the story -he never knew. The. words left his lips, but he seemed to have lost all control over them. The only thing that he remembered very clearly was that -some late roses were blooming near them, and that, to the end of his life, the odour of a roae made his very heart sick and faint. "I have nothing to forgive," said Lady £theL "Ihavelongaince felt quite sure that there WEB a secret of .some kind or other in yonr life.. Iknew that you loved me when a yoa met me here five years ago; but, Lord C^wsaale, I do not understand why youasked methat-questioh a few days since. If you were married at that time, how could you want to know whether I loved you ornot? " He toldher what he had intended, and she shrank from him as she listened. " That would have been wrong," she said, " and if you had asked me, I should have told .you so.' Once a marriage, always a marriage —nothing can change it. Even if you had legally and lawfully obtained that separation, and it I had been told the truth, Ishouldhave refused to marry yoa." «• Ethel 1" he cried, reproachfully. «I am speaking the plain truth," she «md. "I have my own ideas ol right and wrong; nothing could change them." "I wish," he said humbly, «• that yon would tell me just what yon think of my conduct, without the least fear—will you, Ethel ? " She raised her beautiful face to his, and he saw how pale it was; his heart smote him as he looked at her. " I will tell you," she said, " just what I think. Your admiration of a pretty and ' gentle girl was simple enough; the first wrong step was in speaking Do her ; you had no right to do it—she was not of your station or your class, and no good could oome of any acquaintance between yon; the second wrong step waain asking her to go out with you; still, your motive was, yon say, kindness, yet it was most dreadfully imprudent. Of your • marriage, I can only say that it was a Quixotic folly; I can understand it, though, and in some measure forgive it; it was the rash impulse of a rash boy—the quickest but most fatal way out of a difficulty. WIU you fcxgive me, if I say that your marriage seemB to me far less culpable than the silence that followed it. You ask me to dissect your conduct, and I do so. Why did you not boldly own what you had done ? I make all allowance. You did not like to grieve your parents,-yet yoa have been obliged to grieve them in the end. Yon were cautious on aocount of the Duke of Claverdon; his love for your sister must have been very weak if it oould not stand that strain on it. It seems to me that your silence was weak and cowardly." " Oh, Ethel," he cried," spare me 1 * "You have asked me for the truth," she eaid; " I must tell you that or nothing. It may be useful to you at some time." Iigh Ethd?" t '" he Eaid ' on. "Then, I think next, that yoa did wrong over r»p, very w-anp. I s-as youn# when ) mtt you hero, and you sought me." Wby din you da that, knowing that you were married? True, you did not perhaps what the world calls make lore to me, but you were like my shadow, and you must have seen that I was learning to care for you." " Ethel," ha cried, hurriedly. "Itell you, though the words cover me with shame, I loved you eo madly that I never hardly thought of my marriage; I did not realise it." " It was a cruel wrong to me," she said, with gentle dignity, " very cruel." " Will you forgive me, Ethel ?" he asked, sadly. " I can never forgive myself." " Yes, I forgive you; but all my life I shall have to Buffer for your folly. Lord Carsdsle, people esy that prudence is a prim, prosaic virtue. Look at the desolation and the suffering brought into so many lives, then say if prudence be not the virtue of kings." " I see it," he said, gravely. Her face lightened and brightened through all its pallor. . " That fe what I think of you," she said. " I have told you the worst; now let me comfort yon by saying that I do not think you have been guilty of any great sin—imprudence is not always a sin; bat while I speak i go of yoa, tell me in what words I am to speak of that glorious, that noble woman, your wife? She is beyond praise, and I think of her with my heart warm and my eyes full of tears. Think what she has suffered, yet how brave, how noble, how courageous she is. She must have felt that, quite -unconsoionsly, I was her rival. Yet she was always ^ready to help me—to invent pretty dresses for me. I declare to yoa that I never onoe saw an impatient look on her face: and, oh, Lord Carsdale, do you remember that evening when my dress was disarranged, and she knelt down to stitch it ? I understand your impatience now. There is no one like her in the world—not one. Think," she continued, "of her patient love, imagine her silence under all those false accusations. Lord Carsdale, you may thank Heaven that you have found so good a wife. Your imprudence in this case has turned oat a blessing s to you. I consider Ailie, as you oall her, one m of the most noble and perfect women I have ever seen." r • Thank yon for speaking sofkindly of her, Ethel," he replied. " I know it all, and more. Of her beauty l there cannot be two questions; one only sees such a face in a life-time. Yoa have every reason to be proud of your wife, Lord Garsdale." "Heaven bless you, Ethel, yoa are a true friend," he replied. "How yoa have made file wound, give me the core. You tell me very frankly in what I have done wrong. Now tell me how I can best set about making that wrong right." She mused gravely for tfome minutes, then Ehe looked earnestly at him. " Are yon jaady to follow the advice that I shall give you," she asked," even though it be in some measure painful? " "Yes, I am quite willing, Ethel; I promise it," he replied, gravely; and . she knew that he would keep his word. " Then I will tell yoa what I think, Lord Garsdale, and how it is best for yoa to make the wrong right. Your first duty is now to your wife—to follow her, to find her, to atons to her for all that she has suffered; to be a true, good,'kind, loving husband to her; to make some nice home for her abroad lor some years, and then, if possible, to seek a reconciliation with your parents; I do not think they will refuse it." h s y s c h "I will obey.yon, Ethel, implioitly," he said.- " You. will let me write to you sometimes 7 Home I know will be dosed against me, and I am pledged not to tell my secret to mjf sister." "Yes, yoa may writej.at times," die replied. "And, Ethel, tell me that yoa forgive me. Give me some hope that in your thoughts you will not despise me." " No," she replied, simply. "I have liked yon too much for that." "Tell me that I have not spoiled your life," he said; "that in the futareyoa will be happy; tell me that, Ethel 1" She shook her beautiful head gravely. " It would be idle to pretend that I do not suffer. Lord Garsdale, I do; but I hope, ilease God, my life is not all spoiled. Yoa tave gone the quietest way to work by disenchanting me, by letting me see that you oould be weak enough to keep a secret, and let s vfoman Buffer for it. I know that I shall be unhappy for a time, but I hope to forget all aboat it, and meet—with—a truer love." "Do yon mean that, Ethel?" he asked, half sadly;do yoa know-:— She held ap her white, jewelled hand, with a charming gesture. " Yoa are going to talk nonsense again," she said," and I will not listen. If yon wish to show your esteem for me, obey me promptly. 0 " I intend doing so," he said." "After all that has happened," she eon- "tinned, "it would be quite impossible for you and me to * remain in the .same house. We must study appearances; they mastTse kept up, no matter what .goes wrong, and I think it best for yoa to go at once, and I will remain; women have more self-control than men. I can talk, sing, and langh, where you 'would break down." "I have arranged to go at once," he said, sadly. "I'ehall not see my father or mother again. I leave soon after noon—and, Ethel, Ethel! when shall I see yon, or the dear old home, or the old home faces again ? " "When it shall please Heaven," ehe replied, reverently. « Tell me, Lord Carsdale, where ao you think Ailie has gone ? " " I can jorin no idea, but I shall find her." he replied. ' " That is right-that is earnest; now let ns Bay good-bye. I must go back to Lady Gertrude ; she is waiting for me." He sat quite still for a few minutes, then he said: s "Good-by, Ethel; may Heaven bless you with every blessing 1" He held that white hand as though he would never let it go. He intended to do right. He regretted all the folly and imprudence he had been guilty of, but he was parting for ever with the woman that he loved, and might never see again. Those who have seen the face of the woman they love, yet dare not touch it—those who have listened to the voice they loved, yet dared not speak, may tell what he endured. He saw the beautiful, brilliant face grow paler and paler. She raised her lovely eyes to him. " My strength is failing, Lord Carsdale," ehe said. "I must go;" and the next minute she had passed out of sight. " I mast live it down," she said to herself twenty times over, " I must live it down. I have my life before me." Lord Garsdale, after that farewell, did not re-enter the house. He walked to the station, intending to go to London that day; his boxes and trunks would be sent after him. As he stood in the station it occurred to him that he had not the least idea where Ailie really was. She might have gone home, but he did not think • it likely. He inquired of the clerk in the booking-office, who remembered one of the Bpseneath footmen purchasing a first-class ticket for London. Then she had gone to London. _ What would she do there? On arriving in London, he went at once to the Langhata, and then it occurred to him that he should have more difficulty than he had anticipated in discovering where Ailie had taken reluge. CiiAl'iE;* i_,XVi. inn WNRTE-I ACKD LADY. "THEN you have not eeen Ailie for sonje time 2" asked Lord Cai:ada!e of Hose Dsrwrent. And tLe answer was, " No." He had made ail the search possible in London for his young wife, but' could get no tidings of her. They remembered her at the London Bridge Hotel; and Petty, the kindly chamber-maid, when she heard of inquiries being made about a young lady, told a; ones all that she had thought and suspected. Lord Carsdale talked to her himself; snd described Ailie exactly to her. " That is the lady 1" cried the girl. " And you have no idea where she went ?" asked Lord Caredale. " She mentioned no town, no place?" " No," replied the chamber- maid, " none." So there his clew ended. Naturally enough his next visit was to Budeswell, to see if Aiiie had reached home. This time ho was so engrossed with anxiety that he quite forgot to note that which beforehand had so disgusted him—the dull street, the gloomy house, the evidenoe of poverty. He though only of finding Ailie, and atoning to her for what she suffered; her heroism had been so great that, in his eyes, it ennobled even the most common- place samrandinge. As a matter of course, the whole family were astonished to see him, and still more astounded at what he had to tell them; for he would have no more concealment, and, sending for the dancing-master and his astonished wife, he told the truth about his name, his title, and position. " At the same time," he said, " I must tell you quite fairly that my marriage cuts me off entirely from my family, forever. It has been kept a secret from them all these years; now they know it, and I have bidden them farewell forever." John Derwent and his wife were both overcome. To think," eaid John, " that such a thing happen." To think," cried Mrs. Derwent, "that daughter should be a lady of title." They were both speechless after that one Of ooarBe," continued Lord Carsdale, now that my marriage is known, I should to see you in a different position. I have influential friends, and I do not doabt in the least bat that I can procure for yoa some little office under government, besides which I will settle a yearly income on yoa more than equivalent to that which you now earn. I shall have to trust to your good sense entirely never to mention my family or speak of them in any way, as it would lead to mora harm than good." > John Derwent and his wife were both overwhelmed—they oould say nothing. Then he made inquiries about Frank, and learned that gave promise, some day or other, of being a superb engineer. "I consider Frank's fortune made, sir," John Derwent, gratefully; " and I have to thank for it. my lord—no one else." Then Lord Garsdale had to listen to the of Boss's engagement to the young and, looking at the girl's sweet faoe, ha did not wonder at her marrying well. ThenHettie looked np at him with one of frank, strange smiles. "I am not one of the genteel members of the family," she said, " and I am not provided for, but I tell yoa one thing, Lord Carsdale, I would not marry a lord, as poor Ailie has done, without he loved me better than yoa loved her." " Yoa are right, Hettie. I do not excuse myself, bat I will atone in the future for the errors of the past." He would not alarm them by telling them that he had BO completely lost all trace of Ailie; he let them believe there had been some mistake about their travelling. He found fromhis inquiries that none of them had any idea of Ailie's whereabouts. He went away as soon as he ooold, having bat the one idea of finding her. The surprise, the wonder, the bewilderment that fell upon that little household 1 Ailie, their beaatifal Ailie, had married a lordl Mrs. Derwent rocked herself pathetically to and fro, wiping the great tears from her eyes. " I always said that Ailie was no common kind of girl," ehe said," bat none woald believe me." The dancing-master! ooked at his fiddle. " Yoa and I part now," he said; " bat yoa have been a true friend to me." The secret was imparted, under all possible vows of seoreoy,.to the curate, who mentally congratulated himself on having made a good match. Visions of a good living, presented to him by his brother- in-law, Lord Carsdale, floated across his mind. In the meantime, Lord Carsdale himself was quite at a loss where to look. It was wonderful how one 'illusion after another drew him from place to place. Sometimes it was the story of a lady found drowned in the depthB of Bome swift, deep river; again it was the body of a lady washed ashore; it was- an unknown lady killed in a railway aociaent; or u was the mscory of a mysterious death. Wherever he heard or read anything of the kind, he went at once; bat, neither'living nor dead, could he find any trace of Ailie, It was a railway aseident that drew his attention to Ferobay—an pxcuroion train had- come in collision with a heavy goods train, the result of which was the death of some twenty passengers and the injury of some twenty others. It was nobody's faultquite an accident, the servants of the company declared—one that no human intelligence could have forseen. Among the list of of the dead came a description of a lady unknown. She was described as very beauti fal, with long golden hair; and when Lord Carsdale read it, his heart grew faint. He forget how many beaatifal women with gol den hair there are in the world, and he went direct to Fembay. It was not Ailie. Before he reached there the golden-haired lady had been recognized by a husband, who was driven mad by her untimely death. Still, Lord Caredale resolved upon staying there; it was a pretty place, and he had a pleasant memory of the one happy day that he had spent with Ailie there. He went to the same hotel where she had been so full of pretty, innocent wonder and surprise. . They did not recognize him there. Later on that evening he walked do wn to the beach; it was a curious place—quaint, old-fashioned, and, at times, very solitary. He walked past the pier, where the band was discoursing eloquent music," down by the clifis, and stood there looking at an old. turned jetty that ran oui into the sea. It was a quiet, desolate place; there was no children at play. There lay the blue sea; ^ S i ! ^3 M° P ,? d d ? wn t0 and from the shingle the black, ruined jetty ran out far and wide into the sea. Such a quaint, soli! tary scene had not met his eyes for years. He stood watching it, wondering how that old jetty would look under a darkening sky, with great, dark waves leaping over it • and as he so stood, thare came to him ao old coast-guard, who touched his cap and began to talk. That jetty, he said, had been for years and years out of repair; it was never used now. In times long past, queens and kings had landed on it; but now it was given up to a ghost. (To he continued.) 