ECaOES, OF .MELBOULRNE. t (Br Tus GHosT.) t The near approach of the Parliamentary f session appears to have silenced the t political seers. When potentialities and a realities are placed close together the pro- fi phetic field is very much narrowed, and u the quid nuncs' occupation is in a great k measure gone. Ere another week has c passed Mr. Service will have placed his I bill of fare before the country, and the long a vacant lhalls of the Legislature will echo once again the eloquence of the people's tl representatives. Meanwhile the members a of the Government meet daily to put the ii finishing touch on the measures they o intend to father-a small family indeed if o report is to be credited. The Government, n however, are keeping their intentions in J regard to the future very much to them- h selves, rashness not being one of the o faults of the Premier. Beyond the bill u for the redistribution of the electorates si and the ever-recurring local option sl measure, there are really few matters of I1 importance to be dealt with. With the ft sword of Damocles suspended over their T heads in the shape of a general election, a honourable members are very unlikely to is go in for any heroic legislation, and it ri may fairly be assumed that as "the ce Coalition is Peace" all matters likely to provoke acrimonious discussion will be carefully avoided, and remitted to the consideration of the next Parliament. There are no "burning" questions now before the country, and in all probability the most important issue placed before the country in February next will be that of drink or no drink. One never hears anything of Russia now. h The "war scare" appears to have passed h from men's memories, and not even the large amount of " villainous saltpetrs " expended during the naval review in lHobson's Bay has revived our dormant military spirit. A feeble attempt has, it is true, been made to organise a mounted infantry corps, but the Defence Depart- r meant set about the matter in such a per functory manner, that very little enthusiasm was evoked among tile possible t volunteers, and the project may be said to have fallen still-born. Lieutenant- Colonel Sargood's brain is 'hardly of the Jovian kind whence fully armed warriors are evolved, and the Imperial officers lie has a called to his aid are unfortunately more ornamental than useful. The debates in relation to the colonial army are likely to be of a very lively kind-in the Assembly at all events. If oratory alone could ensure Imperial P Federation, then assuredly would the con solidation of "the empire upon which the sun never sets " be an accomplished fact. Never on any former occasion has the Town Hall of Melbourne resounded to such eloquence as was displayed at' the meeting held a few evenings since. The speeches were all in the best taste, and had about them the true ring of patriotism. I " Young Australia," in the guise of the Netivcs' Association, it is true, marred the unanimity of the proceedings by putting forward one of its representatives to move an amendment upon the resolution affirming the adviseableness of some plan of uniting the mother country and her dependencies by closer ties than at present exist. But beyond emphasizing the fact that the feeling for a closer union with the old land whence we sprang exists as a a deeply rooted sentiment in Victoria, the Opposition did nothing. The banks have been having alively time a of it of late. Not only has the mystery ° surrounding the robbery of upwards of 9-5000 from the Horsham branch of the London Chartered Bank been cleared up, and the delinquent-one of their own employes-been committed for trial, but the stickers-up of the Fitzroy branch of g the National have been arrested, and a goedly portion of the plunder secured, ere the robbers had time to secrete it. In this instance the police are certainly entitled to a good deal of credit for the manner in which they followed up the very alight° clue the thieves afforded them. But is there not just a little deterioration in the staff of which bank clerks of to-day are made when compared with the like material of say twenty years ago, when Percy Grut and J. Dowling, the former of whom is now Inspector of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, boldly collared the three ruffians who, re volver in hand, attempted to annex the cash in the bank's coffers, and at the Immi nent risk of their lives collared the ruffians and handed them over to the police There was no getting under the table then, or meekly submitting to be bound and gagged while the safe was being rifled. Times have indeed changed since the would-be Collingwood robbers were so pluckily tackled. A prophet has arisen in our very midst to set us right in regard to a matter upon which we have all along, so he says, been egregiously in the wrong. What will teetotalers say when assured that the prevalence of insanity in Australia is not due to the large consumption of alcohol in its various forms, but to the undue quantity of meat eaten by its inhabitants ? It is the mutton chop and not the bottle that is to be credited with driving one out of every 180 of our population to the Lunatic Asylums. Dr. Springtlhorpe, a graduate of the Mel bourne University, in a recent lecture de livered before the Health Society, boldly averred that it is not the brewer and the publican, as generally hitherto supposed, who are the chief parties in furnishing in mates for our mad houses, but the butcherl Insanity, according to the Doctor, lurks in the"savoury mutton pie,"and the mysterious sausage, while mental vigonur and restored energy are to be found in the homely " pint of she-oak." Well, we live and learn. In the olden times various causes were assigned as occasioning the loss of reason. The Romans opined that " too much learning ihad made a lunatic of the Apostle Paul." Members of the Blue Ribbon Army affirm that grog it is and grog only that peoples the establishments into the management or mismanagementof whichMIr.Zox,M.P.,and his:colleagues on the Lunacy Commission are now so diligently enquiring. Great grief and mental anxiety, have also been assigned as the proximate cnausea of insanity. But scientists have hitherto been in the dark in respect to the true cause. It is not too much learning or too much drink, or an excess of grief or anxiety, but too much mutton and an abundance of beef that musake Australians "go off their chump." Of course there are numbers of people who utterly repudiate the new theory, and even go so far ais to hazard the opinion that if there is"anything in it" Dr. Springthorpo must himself have been ex clusively brought up on a meat diet, and is himself an illustration of his own theory. After all, it may turn out that the would-be selectors at thie now celebrated Fish Creek will have had all the trouble for nothing. It is now doubtful whether the land vas ever available to the opera tion of tile pegger out. It wars only coloured "pink" on the railway plans; on the maps of the Land Department it is tinted blue. It may thus happen that the prospects of the would-be Gippaland selec tors are literally not so " rosy" as at first Ssupposed. Indeed, from a hint dropped by the Surveyor-General, it may be inferred that tho outlook of tihe intending Fish Creek land-owners- is at present "' rather blue." 'The scraumble will have been in 1 vain, and the interestin,* Mr. RIichardson's a family be complAled to remain con Stenthed on the various situations to which it lhas pleased a paternal Govern ment to call them, andi forego tile joys of landed proprietorship, at all events until the member for Creswick succee?ds in a restoring tile land to the " pink" area. It t Iis devoutly to be hoped tile " fi8shiness" of a tile Fish Creek episode wvill niot be venti lated in thei Assemibly. Shiould it be, a terrible ordeal awaits hlonourable miemhers. Mr. llichardlson's oration on the wiekenltess rofnaGovernment capable of raising hope onlyto dash it will certoinly occuspy some Shours in deliveor, and prove quite as Sinterestiung as the last century novels of his dreary and twaddling nameske, the author of "Famela."Botterfar let the affair sink into oblivion than by any. allusion to it provokean oration` from Mr. Richatd son's lips. Australia, and Victoria in particular, has up to the present time enjoyed the reputa tion of being free from the presence of indigenous beasts of prey. But, if report is to be believed, we are about to belie our good reputation in this regard. It is re ported that a tiger has been seen in the bush in the vicinity of VWangaratta; not a two-footed one, but a real live specimen of the chief of the feline tribe. Perhaps the fact that the silly season is now on, that the bunyip has long since been played out, and that tihe weather is too cold and wintry for snake stories, may have something to do with the appearance of the singular and un known animal "seen by some State school children," and described as being " very like"-not a whale-but "a domestic cat." It is always with unmixed pleeure that the members of the literary craft welcome any promising recruit to their ranks, and it is therefore, perhaps, that the appearance of his Honor Judge Cope in the character of a play-wright has been hailed with so much delight. Anyone who has watched Judge Cope when on the justice seat must have been struck with the unceasing fund of humour possessed by the learned gentle man. It is therefore not matter for much surprise that the occupant of the Bench should under the title of "The old hat" have written an acting burlesque, per formed during the week at the Novelty Theatre by distinguished amateurs, in which the smart dialogue, the word tortur ing, the songs, and the "local allusions" rival those of a Birough, a Burnaud, or the clever author of the " Iolanthe" and " H.M.S. Pinafore" librettos. June 11. 