SPIRITUALISTIC TRICKS. A writer in London Truth says : Light , the organ of the Spiritualists, is indignant at my remarks upon Egunton. Very possibly; for I have not the slightest hesitation in asserting my conviction that the man is a rogue and a vagabond, who ought to be conveyed to pris m, not for com municating with the unseen wot Id, but for obtaining money under the false prefetce that he does so. Like all Spiritualist humbugs, he iB not prepared to perform his feats under conditions which render jugglery impossible. This does not surprise me, for the stockin trade ot all Spiritualists consists in evading such an inquiry. As ior his slate- writing, blade did just the same, and yet this Slade, having been caught io a horrible crime at On tario, in Canada, confessed and explained his slate tricks. With regard to ghoate, nothing is more simple than to de ceive half ado&en; credulous persona by making them believe 'tbat they are in the presence of spirits. It is the easiest of easy tricks. It is done cither by the medium personating the ghosts, er by means of a confederate. The medium requests his dupes to sit in a circle, and . one grasps his right hand and another his left. The medium then writhes, and manages to Blip away, leaving the two to hold oach other's bands, which, during his contortions, he has brought together. The rest, of course, ie not difficult. The *pirit-band trick is performed in tins way : the medium puts a hand made of a stuffed glove up his leg, and attached by an elastic string to hia waist. When the dark seance omuiencea, he gets the hand down- to the end of his foot, extends his foot to 'the opposite side of tho table at which he is sitting, and waves the stuffed glove about. If a little -phosphorus be rubbed on it, ihe effect is better. When tbe performance has been gone thiough, all that the medium \- has to do is to Jet the hand spriug back underneath his , trouser. The floating trick is performed by taking off the boots and putting the bands in tbem. The hands are then waved above a person Vhead, ,who gwpa the boots and feels the arms of the coat, which he takes for legs. «Of oonrse, so long sb people are prepared to pay money for witnessing thete tomfooleries, knaves will be found to practise tbem. According to LigJU , Eglin'on's spiritualistic pretensions are vouched for by Mr. Gladstone. What are the facts? Mr. Gladstone wsb a guest in tbe house where Eglinton performed the slate trick. The Premier stated that he did not know how it was performed. He would say probably the same thing were be to witness the tricks of Mr. Maske tyse at the Egyptian O aH. It is a common babitof bpiritualists to do some simple trick before a man of note ; if be cannot tell them how it is done, they poll him in as admitting all the Spiritualistic nonsense that he has never s?en, and by means of which tbey make money out of ? fools.' . 