u [e r Tus l GuPsr.] Just as at tie outset of the voyage from the mother country across the seas, the much dreaded Bay of Biscay has its uses, in enabling the passengers to gain their sea legs, and with the view to shake into their places. So has the debate on the address its utility, in affording the Go vernment an insight into the feeling of its supporters and its opponents during the coining journey through the soession. The Ministry last week underwent their Bay of Biscay experiences, and may now fairly count upon smooth water in the future. Some of the crew, have, it is true, shown symptoms of insubordination. But this is to be expected. For there never yet was a ship in which every deck hand did not feel himself perfectly qualified to assume command of the vessel, nor a Parliament of which even the leastinfluential member did not entertain the opinion that he could individually conduct the business of the country more satisfactorily than the Ministry in oflice. Mr. Harper is evidently one of this class, indeed he may aptly be termed the "candid friend" of every Go vernment that has occupied tihe treasury benches since the constituency of East Bourke chose him as its representative. Mr. Harper's time, however, has not yet come, and doubtlea aware of this fact, the honourable gentleman contented himself with finding fault with the Government. for its sin both of omission and commission, shrinking from the responsibility of moving an amendment upon the address. As no other member of the opposition intends to adopt this constitutional method of proce dure, it may be taken for granted that the real busines of the country will now been tered upon, without further obstruction, and the work for which the Houses have been called together allowed to proceed. And in reference to the debate on the address which for two dreary weeks has dragged its slow length along, it may be said that it would have been more weari some than ever it was, had it not been for the small amount of liveliness imparted into it by the attack of Mr. Mirams upon his colleague in the representation of Col lingwood. The protectionist soul of Mr. Mirams is "in arms and eager for the fray," and the -abuse with which Mr. Langridge was honoured for his doings in regard to the Tasmanian reciprocity treaty is but a foretaste of what that importu nate gentleman may expect,, when, on the proposal for intercolonial free trade be tween Victoria and the sister colony across Bass Straits coming. before the Assembly in the shape of a bill, the vials of the wrath of the diminutive-bodied but 1 large- souled wielder of the fierce demo cracy of the Glass-house division are I emptied on the erring Langridge. What can the poor Daily Telegraph have done to Mr. Harper to cause the offensive sneer with which the mention of thatnews paper was greeted by that gentleman ? Did it not uphold him when he was prosecutor in the Strong case? Has the reverend editer not beslavered Mr. Harper with his fulsome praise on every possible and impossible occasion ? The little episode can hardly fail to recall to theatre-goers the pathetic lament of Mr. Samuel Ger ridge in " Easte," who expatiates on the I unthankfulness of his daughter, and laments the sharpness of the serpent's tail in comparison with the ingratitude of his offspring's tooth. The very latest thing in "syndicates" is the one which, according to the evidence of one of the prisoners who has turned Queen's evidence, was formed to rob the Fitzroy branch of the National- Bank. It is pretty generally accepted as a fact that the members of a syndicate are in effect "First Robbers" when a company is floated. But never before perhaps, even in the annals of Australian commerce, has a "syndicate" been formed with a dis honest design so boldly set out. Mining company and joint stock enterprise "pro-' moters " are evidently less outspoken than the professional " stickers-up." The episode is a sort of illustration that after all there is "honour among thieves." What between rampant free traders who do not think the proposals sufficiently "thorough" and violent protectionists who affect to see in the agreement a blow aimedat their pet theories, Mr. Langridge, the Minister of Customs, is likely to have a lively time of it when he introduces his Tas manian reciprocity treaty. Indeed the bill which is to embody the agreement arrived at between Mr. Berry and the Customs officials of the "tight little island," is the cloud no bigger than a man's hand, which may yet darken the entire Ministerial horizon. That the storm will blow over no one doubts, even Mr. Mirams himself appears tothink so; for it has been a sub ject of remark of late in the reporters' gallery of the Assembly that the umbrella, immortalised by Punch as the ever present accompaniment of the honourable member for Collingwood, is no longer, as in days of yore, brought into the House. It is hardly creditable to Victorians that Thomas Boyd, one of the conquerors of the wilderness, the first white man who crossed the Murray, should have been allowed to die in want in a miserable bark shanty near Tumut, in New South Wales. Asa recompense for the hardships endured by this early pioneer of civilisation, the Victorian Governmentpromised-over the walnuts and the wine at the Albury ban quet-to place the munificent sum of £50 on the estimates, to be handed over to Boyd on the completion of the line between Melbourne and Sydney. The promise was kept, after a fashion, the money being voted. Inut as Boyd in all probability did not read the daily newspapers, he has died without claiming the amount lying to his credit in the treasury, which will accord ingly figure in the Budget among the year's " savings." Let us hope his passage across the Styx may bring him more hap piness than did his crossing the Murray. " Peace has her victories," and assuredly one of these is the inauguration of the six penny telegram rate in Victoria. The step is one of which the colony may well be proud, for not only is it the first of the Queen's possessions across the seas to have adopted the system, but it has even fore stalled the mother country by a month in conferring the boon on the public. It is devoutly to be hoped that Aushtra lian dl amatic authorship may not be gauged by the play of "The Squatter," written by Mr. Darrell, and now being performed at the Opera House. A more stupidly inane play was probably never before placed on the stage. From first to last it is a tissue of improbabilities jumbled together in a most absurd fashion. To any country visitors in Melbourno who may purpose throwing away an evening in witnessing this last production of "native industries," the advice tendered by Punch to persons about to marry applies in a marked degree -" Don't !" July 2. 