"HOLY CANDLESTICKS." REV. J." C. KIRBR'S SSKMON: .••,, '; Revelations lch. 20v.—" And the seven candle* sticks which thou sawest are the seven churches." In the Port EpiscopaFChuriai witMn -the last few * days two candlesticks were'given and received into that church with very solemn public ceremony. These candlesticks are not intended, for producing a necessary light for divine worship, but they are intended as religious symbols in connection with the Lord's Supper. ' There is nothing inherently . absurd or wrong in. using, cups or bits of bread for the purpose of religions symbolism. In the days when men's hearts were dark concerning spiritual things, God had to deal with an intellect in its infancy, and we know he instituted symbolic signs, and the worship, of Israel was largely made up of symbols, shows, and shadows. There were symbolic altars, symbolic forms of worship, symbolic priests, symbolic sacrifices, and symbolic blood was shed. And in the most sacred place of Ishiel there was, not by the cunning device of Moses, but by strict command from God,^ a golden candlestick of pure gold having Beven branches, each having a place to contain pure olive oil and a wick. The candlestick plays a very prominent part in Holy writ. For example, Zechariah tell us in the 4th chapter that he saw a vision of a golden candlestick with seven lamps. Again we read of it in connection with our text. Then John at Patmos had a far grander vision when he saw the seven golden candlesticks, and saw walking in the midst of them, as Owner and Master, One like unto the Son of man clad in theglorious insignia of the Eternal Priest and Everlasting King. There is a meaning to these candlesticks. And what is it ? Why, our Saviour tells us plainly what they mean. 'The seven golden candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches.' Have you looked at Zechariah 4th chapter and wondered what that meant? What Zechariah saw was a figureof the church of the Jews. And again the Lord Jesus Himself in that famous sermon on the mount when speaking, not only to his apostles, but to the multitude, spid, * Ye are the light of the world—a city that is set upon a hill cannot Ibe hid I* Our blessed Saviour has not lit the Candle of the Gospel that it should be hid ! Why, no, but has put it in the candlestick that it may shine and give light to a dark world. ' We must also notice another thing with regard to the candlestick. It means a church, but what sort of a church. There is the church ordained of God before the beginning of the ages. There is the Church, the immortal Bride of the Bridegroom, which in the fulness of her numbers shall be ' world without end.' And is this to be known by the symbol of a material candlestick? No! Such a symbol only refers to a temporal church on earth. la the vision at Patmos there were seven distinct candlesticks, and they meant. seven distinct churches. The seven distinct candlesticks clearly teach us that under the gospel, instead of being, one visible earthly church, as under the law of Moses, there were to be many such churches—Christ was to possess many such churches, many golden candlesticks. The New Testament recognises the pleurality of earthly churches in various passages ; as, for example, we read inthe 9ch. of Acts, 31 v.— 4 Then had the churches rest throughout all Judea and Galilee and Samaria and were edified.' We read of churches in Judea and churches in Achaia. In fact, the New Testament gives evidence that many churches abound. These candlesticks of Patmos were not all alike, but they did shine with-the same light, and they did belong to the one Redeemer and work for the one Master. There was unity, not an outward one, but a purely and spiritual connection between the severL If anyone wants to know what it is that binds different churches together it is not their similar forms of worshipping, but their unity fa faith that binds them together; they acknowledge the one Saviour, and strive to work in the one spirit for the glory of God and good of mankind. But the New Testament speaks about one church and body. There is the church for which Jesus gave Himself that He might present it without spot or wrinkle, or withont any such thing. And I wonde r if that means the Congregational church ? No J I wonder if it means the Wesleyan church ? No! I wonder if it means the Roman, Greek, Anglican,! Presbyterian, or Baptist churches? No! It means something more, and other than all or any of them. Now, as regards entrance into this church of Christ. How are we to enter in ? By certain rites givea by special men? . No 1 A man cannot put us into that church, nor can he take us out of it. There have been times in bygone days when men would have very much liked to^have taken people out. Water. baptism in no shape or form makes a man a member of the body of Christ. This is done by a direct operation of the Holy Ghost Says St. Paul. ' By one spirit are ye baptized into one body.' The word Catholic means u reality TTniversaL And,- therefore, when we speak of a Catholic church we ought to mean the one that contains all genuine Christians. The Congregational church is not the Catholic church, for millions of good christians are outside it; the Anglican or Roman Catholic are not the Catholic church, for millions of good. Christians are outside them. Though they may use the word in substance, none of these ought to be called Catholic churches. They all contain many who are good (Christians, and, therefore, members of the one body. And they all contain hypocrites and bad persons, who are destitate of faith and godliness, and so are not christians at all—not in body. 'CATHOLICISM OF THE CHRISTIAN RELIGION. The Catholicism of the Catholic Church is large,. but there is one still larger, the note and possession of no church, viz., • The Catholicism of Christian religion.'- Dr. Fairbairnsays, 4 The Catholicism of toe Anglican Church may-be large, but the Catholicism of the Christian religion is enormously larger. The broad vast Catholicism of the gospel • is not limited to prelatic churches, with their rites and sacraments. The broad love of God says— •Whosoever believeth On the "Son shall have, eternal life. Him Christ hath God set forth to be the propitiation through faith in His blood.'. The., Catholic gospel says-^-* Being justified by faith we : have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. Our Heavenly Father in His mighty love does not. shut himself np to material symbols. Your Great Father gives His holy spirit to them that ask Him. Whosoever calleth upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.' Tne true.Gatholic church, the real body of ChriBt, contained all who have repentance toward God, and faith in our Lord Jesus Christ, and no other. We believe that according to the New Testament many distinct Churches are right and proper. There were seven golden candlesticks. Hence in our truly Catholic and unsectarian spirit we do not unchurch any organised bodies of pro feased disciples.of Gtyrist. t .<fa.,4a»isVdart world Christ needs many churches, many golden candlesticks to hold forth the light-of-fife. The seven splendid candlesticks of Patmos rebuke the narrowness which would make all churches illegitimate but the one a man happens to belong to. GIFTS TO CANON GREEN. . There are none who rejoice more than I in any -good gifts made to so a worthy a man as the able and zealous incumbent of St. Paul's.. He has rendered many services Jfco this town. - Not on private bat on public grounds I feel sorry about the presentation of candlesticks. Both as an English - man ant* a christian I have a right, and I feel it a duty, to speak on this matter. If we are christian people we must have the simplicity of Christ, and if .people wander away from that we have a right to have a say; but we must say it in a christian spirit, and at the same time preserve a christian feeling. The Anglican chnrch is a vast community containing amongst its members most of the princes and nobles of the British Empire. She has come down to us with a vast and mighty power containing the bulk of the nobility and men of power, and having very learned men amongst her clergy, and therefore, upon the political and spiritual life of the British nation. And thus it is only natural that those who have been born out of her teachings should still feel an interest in anything that might take place in her vast chnrch. I have been sorry to see Buch a movement made in in this direction. It is in favor of introducing material symbolism in our salvation. And the bringing in of the symbols is a retrogression to the way of the Old Testament. It may be said that $he bread and wine and water baptism is mere symbolism. True, but who instituted these ? Hie Lord Himself. And I find no other way in the New Testament of introducing any better form than the Sacrament, and I cannot but think'that it is dangerous and presumptuous to place any symbols on the Lord's Table which He Himself did not place there. We have further to look into the historical connection of these symbols. If the cross and candlesticks were connected historically as symbols of christian worship with an evangelic doctrine, which teaches that without anything in the shape of a priest, a minister, or a church, as a go-between a sinner tan go by direct faith to Christ, and directly without the aid of creatures, can directly be accepted and pardoned, and sealed with the Holy Ghost, even then they would be objectionable as falling back into the Old Testament ways in place of the new. But these symbols now for ages, where used in worship, have been connected with the sacramental system of doctrine, which means that I can only be saved—only come to God's kingdom by means of water baptism, by the mortal priest, and by belonging to a certain earthly organization which has prelatic bishops instead of the congregational bishops of the New Testament. As I believe the New Testament teaches that men can come straight to Christ without any go-between I lament for the sake of men's souls that so splendid an institutionas the Anglican churchshould be so powerfully moved towards the sacramentation views which material and candlesticks really mean. From the sacramental form of Christianity in its highest perfection, as presented by the Soman Church, our English ancestors were delivered by long labors, salt tears, and bitter sufferings, and were brought to know that they had, according to the Scriptures, liberty of direct access to Christ in all Win grace. I feel afraid that these crosses and candlesticks are leaders to Rome, and whilst" the world sday be -deeply indebted to Borne, I think the time of Roman ruefulness is past, as far as our nation is concerned. . The; Prayer Book of the Anglican Church is in, great need of reform, and wants bringing into a more perfect expression of the New Testament and the teaching of the Lord Jesns Christ. I do not think the charge of. disloyalty to the Prayer Book can be against the sacramental ritualist, or against the low evangelical. To me tins only shows that the Prayer Book should be reformed, and made a more perfect expression of -the gospel of God's dear Son. SCHISMATIC POWER OF SYMBOLS. JuBt ^proportion as the members of the Church • of England are brought to believe that their sacraments are that needful means.of salvation, and that prelates are the needful ways to heaven, and that all non-prelatic churches are illegitimate and -their Orders and sacraments vain if they pretend to have any. To that extent the Church of England people wiU be. .-separated in feeling {from their fellow christians. The terrible schismatic power of these material symbols; their influence in rending the body of Christ in its spirit; their opposition to the unity of the spirit and the bond of peace make their increasing introduction into the Anglican worship, a thing to be lamented by those who long for a more manifest unity of the disciples of Jesus. Let-us learn to recognise the pleurality of Christian earthly churches. Let us in a Catholic spirit learn to rejoice that there are many distinct and outwardly separate christian organisations or Churches in the "vast unity of the kingdom of heaven on earth. Seven golden candlesticks, but •Only one christian who walks in the midst of them who has shed the one blood, once, to obtain the one redemption. Let us know that the true Catholic •church is but one, and that it is not bound by sacraments and prelates any more than the air of heaven is bound by the .garden fence. Who belong tto the HolytJatholic and eternal Church ? Why, all who love our Lord Jeans Christ in sincerity and in truth, whether they refuse all symbols like the 'Quakers, or overload themselves with symbols. But how do we know them? Because Paul, the appointed teacher of the Gentiles, said, ' Grace be Troth them who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and in truth.' Sincere, real love to the ^ereon of the Lord Jesus Christ incorporates the .real spiritual manner into the body of Christ. Only as they may help to this have any symbols or systems of Christian worship any value. And so I say with all my hearty « Grace be with all them who love our Lord Jesus Christ in sLnerity and in truth.' 