SHORTHORNS. TFrom the Mark-lane Express.] For eoine years past there have been plain things said about Shorthorns in this column; naturally they have not been very •well received in certain quarters, but they have been true, and no one has really attempted to refute them. But we have stood practically alone in denouncing the follies ana exposing the weaknesses of a system of breeding which, as we believe, has tended not only to prevent the improvement of the animals and to hinder the progress of the breed, but also to cause actual degeneration in the herds, which should at this present be able to supply the best possible ShorthornB. Barely has a. word been said in the same direction by any other agricultural paper, audwhen any mild remonstrance has been made in recent times, it has always been with some thing savouring of apology to their highnesses • he " fanciers, at whose door lies all the -ischief. On the other side of the Atlantic, however, now and again some plain truths bbout ShorthornB and Shorthorn breeding have got into print, but most of the live stock papers in the United States are more or less partisans of the Shorthorn, and it is so rare to find anything of the kind that we are glad to note a speech recently delivered by Mr. F. D. Coburn, of the Kansas City Live stock Indicator, before the Kansas State Shorthorn Breeders' Association at Topeka, In which that gentleman—who is himself a breeder of Shorthorns — tells his fellow breeders some very plain truths indeed. All that he has said we have said in effect, and much of it almost word for word, so that we hail Mr. Coburn as a fellow-worker in a good cause. After calling attention to the prices now being realized for pedigree Shorthorns in the United States as compared with other breeds of stud stock, Mr. Coburn says'" I believe in Shorthorns; to do this it is in no wise necessary for me to argue that they are the beet in the world or the only cattle worth having; but as their friend I am disgusted to see them, so far as selling prices are concerned, skulking at the tail end of the great cattle procession, when they ought to be right up in the fore front. What is the matter? If not too 'odious,' let us for a enquire if, what for want of a better word I will call the present plight of Shorthorns may not be due in large degree to fashion, or we will say an over-estimate of minor essentials or perhaps non-essentials? Is it not possible that, especially during these later years, when the opportunities for im provement and progress have been so great that Shorthorn breeders have been wildly grasping at a shadow, a reminiscence, and neglecting the solid substance, while their ambitious, tireless rivals have been paying next to no -attention to any qualities except such as are tangible to those final arbiters, the close-observing feeder, the close-figuring butcher, and the critical consumer, with au ol whom fashion, and family, and red colour count as next to nothing ? Is it not possible that while yon have been paying your money for length of pedigree they have been paying theirs for thickness of carcase; that while you have worked for a fine head, horn, and -tail, they have worked for better filled crops; that while you have sought for sires high up atnAtiop thn * nftVilllfir ' ftiav linm Obinofnrl among the ' nobility,' they have selected thoselow down and near tne ground; that while you have been dreaming of blood, that should he esteemed good only in proportion as it was thick with Bates, or Booth, or Cruickshank, they have worked for meat, meat, meat? That while you, with so mauy advantages, have represented in the rase the over-confident hare, the other fellows have, like the determined, sure, but slow-going tortoise, passed under the wire and captured first money? In fact there is a sttong suspicion abroad tbat for, lo, these many years a considerable share of those interested in Shorthorns have been contending for the supremacy of this or that tribe or family; for the paramount valae of some remote croBs, or the importance of some certain colour, to the neglect of vastly mere important features; and in the mean time owners of other less-known breeds have utilized, and most successfully, every means within reach to make their animals equal or surpass their models—the best Shorthorns." With the tenor of Mr. Coburn's address we, of course, agree; but we fail to Bee why Shorthorns in the United States should necessarily or rightfully be atthe head of the procession,'' nor do we believe that the best Shorthorns afford "models" for the breeders of other races to work up to. The other pure breeds afford models of excellence of one kind and another which no Short horn has yet been able to supplant; the Herefords, Devons, and Scots have all of them qualities to which the Shorthorns cannot reasonably pretend, so that to call the Short horn the "model" for all other breeds is simply tall talk. £ut passing this by, we have the fact of a Shorthorn breeder in the United States telling his fellows that the Shorthorn breeding practised during many past years has been altogether wrong, and the results which he particularizes are such as arise out of want of actual and tangible merit. This is true, and we contend that the Shorthorn of to-day is neither bigger nor better than the Shorthorn of twenty years ago, whereas if the breeders of Shorthorns had been working intelligently for improve ment pure and simple the Shorthorn of to day would have been as good as it couldjbe made. Mr. Coburn appeals to recent successes of other breeds in the showyards of the United States to prove that there must be " some thing wrong" with Shorthorns and Short horn breeding. He says:—" It seems to me that unless something was wrong, the decendants of the proud Lords and Ladies and Dukes and Duchesses should not have seen their colours trailed in the dust four times in succession by the little black muley, Bride 3rd of BlairBhinncch, at the Kansas City Fat Stock Show of 1884. If it is replied that she was far-fetched for the purpose and dearly bought, I would suggest that she lacked much of being the best her owner had in his little herd, and was one of a lot he imported to breed from, with no thought of ever showing her, and that as she failed to breed after being nearly starved for that purpose, she was shown and won as best alive and best when dressed on a consump of grain amountmg to less than 900 pounds. It seemB to me, if all was well with Short horns, the S100 gold medal for the best beef animal of any age, sex, or breed, at Kansas City, last fall, should not have gone to the little half-Hereford half-Angus beifer from Indiana, born and raised under such unfavourable conditions as she was— a heifer never considered at first as being noticeable except for neatness of contour and diminutive size, and merely the offspring from the accidental coupling of an Angus yearling bull with a Hereford heifer of_ the same age. Where, oh where, at this time, was Canada's Pride, the mammoth cow that Bow Park, endowed with §400,000 of British gold, had bursted itself to produce ? She was in the ring in all her obesity and blubber, and with all the prestige that a Chicago prize and a molasses diet could give, but it was not enough for that time of emergency. Where was she? She was left to win a prize in an other ring, which she did in good style, for it was where she had ho competition. If the Shorthorns stand pre eminent and are practically unrivalled, why, may I ask, did a Galloway steer, one of the only half-dozen in America, beat the field in the dressed carcass clasB of three year-olds slaughtered^ last month at New Orleans, competing with the best that such professionals aB Potts of Illinois and Renick of Kentucky could bring? Again, why did this same snaggy Doddie later triumph over all, from far and near, of whatever name or Eex, or age or breed, as the sweepstakes dressed carcass at this world-participating Exposition? It would not be difficult to multiply instances of this sort, but perhaps I have mentioned enough to suggest that there are now, if there have not been before, other Richmond8 in the field ; that the days are fast slipping by when being a Duchess, a Barrington, a Craggs, a Young Mary, or a Princess, and red, will alone make your cattle and their descendants bring remunera tive prices. Something more substantial, something emphatically tangible to touch and to sight will be necessary, and those who are promptest to give this practical intelligent recognition will be the ones to succeed," We take it that the times have practically gone by when the influence of the Shorthorn interest was so strong that no other animal could ever win when in direct competition, and that Shorthorns are now being judged more on their merits than they have ever been before. That is why they do not win so often as they used to do. If fairly judged, we fail to see how Shorthorns, as a breed of cattle, can ever be made to contend success fully as beef animals with such breeds as the Highland Scots, the Herefords, the Devons, or the Polled Scots, without destroying their reasonable pretensions to be milch cattle. And, on the other hand, as milch cattle they certainly cannot compete successfully with the Channel Islands and the Ayrshire breeds. But the Shorthorn can be bred to give both meat and milk to an extent which has never been equalled in a general way by any other breed of cattle, and this circumstance, to gether with the great adaptability of the oreed to being bred and reared and fed oat on arable farms, makes it one of great econo nomic value in this country. We can quite believe it to be possible, and even probable, that either one of our beef breeds could sur pass the Shorthorn jn usefulness in the grazing and coin-feeding districts of the United States; but here in England we be lieve that the Shorthorn, if simply bred for utility, would fill a place from which no other breed of cattle could dislodge it, and that here it will be the breed of the future. Look ing to the changes which are going on in the agriculture of this country, it seems beyond a doubt that farmers will have tp attend more to dairy produce and to rear their own stores, so that each farm will be more self-support ing than it is now; in other words, there will be more growers and fewer handlers of cattle. If this prove to he so, we believe that there is no breed of cattle which can so completely fill the hill as the Shorthorns. The other pure breeds will doubtlesB hold their own in their respected districts, but wherever the plough can go the Shorthorn can follow, and the milk-pail can follow the Shorthorn wittt out fear of being sent empty away. What we seem to want at this particular juncture is that this merit of producing meat and milk to a profit should be recognised in a practical manner in the Showyards of our leading Agricultural Societies. As it is now, a Shorthorn has not the ghost of a chance to win unless it is what a Shorthorn should pot be. The fanciers' mania has been fairly knocked on the head and is practically dead, but our pernicious Show system'remaias with almost all its abuses in full blossom, and until a very drastic reform is worked out, from the Royal downwards, the Shorthorn is likely to remain as it is now—an animal which might be made a great deal better than it is. 