FREMANTLE LOCAL COURT. (Before the Resident Magistrate.) 27TH SEPTEMBER, 1885. L. A. MANNING IN CESAR. This was an application on the part of defendant for a new trial. Mr. Stevens appeared for Mr. Caesar and Mr. J. T. Shaw for Mr. Manning. Mr. Stevens in opening the case said he applied for a new trial on the ground of being able to show that Mr. Manning had occupied the paddock for which he had charged rent after 25th August, evidence of which he had been unable to produce at the previous hearing of the case. He was quite ready to pay all costs in connection with the new trial asked for. Mr. Shaw said he appeared for Mr. L. A. Manning but he would not object to the present proceeding. as being irregular although they were quite novel as far as Local Court practice here was concerned. In the Supreme Court the greatest caution was always observed in granting new trials. If his worship was satisfied that the evidence could have been produced at the former trial the application could be refused. He was prepared to prove that one witness then proposed to be produced was in court at the previous hearing of the case. He therefore contended a new trial should not be granted unless more cogent reasons could be advanced than had yet been produced. Mr. Slade : It must be shown to my satisfaction that the evidence referred to could not be produced at the former trial. Mr. Stevens : When Mr. L. A. Manning said he had never taken possession of the paddock I was very much surprised. Had I known he would have set up such a defence, I could have produced witnesses to prove the contrary. Mr. Slade: Under the circumstances I grant a new trial and costs must abide the issue : case to be heard next Local Court day. WEBB V. WELSH. Claim for £1 16s. Judgement by default, with costs. L. A. MANNING V. LOVEGROVE. Mr. Burnside appeared for defendant. Plaintiff conducted his own case. Mr. Manning said he claimed the full amount. He appeared for himself because he was unable to get another solicitor to take up his case on account of its being against a brother solicitor. I understand 329 18s. 4d has been paid into court, and I claim the difference between that amount and £32 10s. 2d. Mr. Lovegrove offered me £30 if I would give him a full discharge, but I refused to sign any receipt except for the amount actually tendered. He made this offer on the 3rd Sept., the same day he received it from the court. He, before leaving my office, said he would give me 2531 to settle the matter, but I refused to take it. except on account. The following morning I spoke to your Worship about the matter. The next morning I called at Mr. Lovegrove's office, when he again offered me £30 to settle in full. I took out the summons on the second day after the trial. He has since offered me 228 7s.. I know costs have been taxed by the master of the Supreme Court. I did not give him (Lovegrove) any time to make up his costs. At this point the witness got confused in regard to dates, and said he received a letter on the 6th September which turned out to be Sunday. The following letter was then read From L. A. Manning to W. Lovegrove. 5th September, 1885 : " Sir. I have to inform you re money you have collected without authority from me, from the Local Court, Fremantle, that I have made a statement of the case to the Resident Magistrate, and with his advice drawn a summons against you for £32 15s. 2d. I have also written to Messrs. Stone and Burt asking if the matter cannot be brought at once before the Chief Justice.'' (Signed) " L. A. Manning." To which Mr. Lovegrove replied : " Sir, I am perfectly well aware that you misrepresented the matter to the Resident Magistrate, quite omitting to state I had tendered you the money within half an hour of its acceptance." (Signed) " W. Lovegrove." Mr. Rossiter then gave some unimportant evidence. Mr. Lovegrove said he received £30 on account of Mr. Manning and costs, and was pleased to tender it to him. I offered him 5-31, and he wanted 7s. 6d. more. He asked me for bill of costs, and I sent it him. Mr Slade : I do not think, Mr. Manning, you have a ghost of a chance. The money was tendered you and you refused it. You have no case. Judgment for defendant, with costs, D. B. FRANCISCO V. MEAGHER. Claim for 36 0s 6d. Mr. Lovegrove appeared for plaintiff. D. B. Francisco said he saw Mr. Meagher on Saturday last when he admitted the claim, and offered him £5. The hay in question sold for over 50 per ton. Mr. Meagher The amount I object to is for carting. I did not sell to Mr. Francisco. He told me he could sell on the jetty at £7 per ton.' The case was subsequently adjourned by consent. D. B. FRANCISCO V. H. COLLETT. Claim for £2 15s. 9d. Judgment by default, with costs. 