ROOM OLD OUY FAWKKS Guy Fnwkes is dying. Id the pitile.-M, coil- blooded pbraie tbe L-.'-baroned Laureate ad dressed to the poor old year, Let him die ? Every dog has his day, and (Joido Fawlte English geotleiuaa and Spanish officer thou/U he be, has had his. What goon d-d be ever do that he should be allowed to make as much stir in the world a< he has done in the past ? The fast is he bai engrossed far too macbof the world's attention, aroused tragical enmities fall loag enoagh, and ia later time loitered over loag on tbe stags in burlesque nod buffoonery. For a century or two be caused EnglirhoNa to be saspldouj of, and to indulge in hatred, malice, and unchoritnb'eaees towards Englishmen ; and up to reoent times he has been responsible for n prodigious wste of gunpowder, e')d fire wood, tar, and old barrels, lime, however , had fhorn him of most of "the Iglory of an mtty prixiucing. Whet, (luy was imported with the rabbits, house-sparrows, thistles, and kindred nuisances into Australia, there existed absolutely no reason fsr his appearance here, and there is no good ground for hie continued existence. Old world enmi ties and dividing traditions, thistle and guys alike are not wnnted here ; and though the former spread, to the delight of the assinine spedes, tbe latter are fallen into the eeer and yellow leaf of decay and neglect, "much to the delight of our common sense community. A score of years ago, even in Victoria, the cele bration of Guy Fnwkes day was atteuded with a fair (reproduction of the jesting, recrimina tions and squib, cracker and Catherine wheel orgies which are still indulged ia in many parts of old England. Tsar by year, however, Goy Fnwkes has been leas remembered, le«s honored, till to-day there ia scarcely oae so poor to do him reverence. No longer the Catholic boys and the Protestant lads come to fisticuffs oa their way to and from reboot because away ia Britain nearly BOO years ago a fauatic sought to blow np King James and Parliament. Only here aad there in the oburb« will a few squibs be thrown te sputter and spirt, aad a few lighted cbipe end twigs and weeds 'form a puny bonfire iu some back gnrdeu, to the disgust of the smoke- incensed neighbors. Tbe average Victonan boy knows next te nothing of Guy Pawkes, and cores less ; and it is evidsat that in this land the days of 4 one old familiar" are happily numbered. He dies 4' unwept, unMuored," though not un«ung; and if his ghost should linger on earth, it is safe to say it will find slender gratification in the honors his memory. Sio transit. 