A LIVELY FIVE MIKUTES. (From .St. Jam**** GozeW) We are told every day that ' truth is stranger than fiction ;' and that this is so is again shown by the following facts, which 1 narrate as nearly as possible in the words of the per son (an assistant to a well-known veterinary surgeon) to whom the adventure occurred last week:— ' \\\ e had been having several cases of rabies at the surgery during the last month or two — more cases than usual ; but, with the exception of one, they had all been brougnt in before the disease had reached its most virulent stage. I am rather interested in the disease, and had been reading about it ; and, sitting in the surgery alone and quiet (but for a poor beast in the yard with rabies which gave vent every now and then to the dismal howl peculiar to the disease), it was not par ticularly lively : and when my master (a veterinary surgeon) came in from his usual round 1 was not sorry. He went into the yard and inspected the patients as usual, ordering the collie with rabies to be killed at oucc. I attended to tlii&,, a.nd, returning: to the surgery, re ceived or»Jens to yo to Hritanna pa Itlic- house, in Suho, itiid \hjisou a large retriever belong ing to the- landlord. My nmster had seen the dog during hih rounds, and found it in a dangcroufcly rabid state. I filled a small liottlu with hydrocyanic acid, ami, taking a syringe, went ofl at once to .see about it. ' Arriving it the house, 1 (stated my business, and was handed over to the potboy to be ixmducted to the dog, which 1 could hear howling every few seconds. There being no yard to the house, tbey had ^haino^ the dog down in the cellar ? to a staple ic the wall ' '£'8 a wery had case, sir,' said my guide, * an1 Til be glad wbe? irt ell wer; fw, aUjuwgb be w« a ereat pet with us alL an' that fond of the kids you never see, it's awful to see 'im sot know anv of us ? but when we goes near 'im to have ^comeVflyingatus. Think 'ell enffer much ? There 'e goes ! 'ear im. All day long 'e ;owls like that.' I assured him it would soon be over, without much pain; and, descending some steps, we passed through a room in the base ment that was dimly lit by a small and grimy window. Cases of wines and spirits were ranged against the walls, and we could hear the teamp of the thickly shod ^ustomere in the bar or taproom just above our heads. Opening a door, we passed into another room; this was lighted only by the small window in the room we had just left, as it shone through the now open door. ' He's in there,' eaid the potboy, pointing to another door in the walL opposite. Thinking there was a window in the room, I pushed the door open, and im mediately heard the rattle of a chain and the hoarse half howl, half growl of the poor beast, whose eyes 1 could see, against the tar wall, gleaming through the dark. Window there was none. * Why on earth didn't you bring a light*1 I asked, angrily; *you don't suppose I can poison him in the dark V * Thought I Tad a, match said the man, fumbling in his pockets ; * there's a gas jet just inside the door.' I had no matches, so I sent him upstairs to get some, and, awaiting his return, sat down on an empty keg oe&r; the door. 'The dog seemed uneasy; and, fancying the light thitiugh the doorway annoyed and distressed him, 1 pushed it to with my hand. The man was some time gone (I found after wards he had been to ask bis mistress if she would like to have a last look at the old dog) and I eat there thinking over the notes I had been reading in the surgery. The air of the cellar was close, and the smell of the wet sawdust on the floor was most un pleasant. Clank wentthe dog's chain against the wall or the floor, 'as be moved uneasily about, wondering, I daresay, what was my errand there.' Then the movement ceased for a time, or partly absorbed in my thoughts, I failed to notice it. The next minute I started feeling something rub against my leg. Look ing down, I eaw two glaring eyes jnet at my knee. The dog was loose, the staple having worked its way out of the damp and yielding mortar. ' For a second or two I nearly lost con sciousness. My heart eeemed to stand still but by an effort I kept from going off into a faint. I shall never forget tie next few minutes as long as I live. I was alone in the dark, with this rabid beast rubbing about my legs— first one and toen the other, as if he were trying to find out who I was. Then he rested bis nose on my knees and looked straight np into my face. I sat like a statue, knowing that at the slightest movement he would probably seize me, and knowing (who better ?) that such a bite in his advanced state of disease was almost certain death, and a horrible death too. Nerving myself, 1 sat perfectly stilL calculating as well as I could my chances of escape. Pre sently the dog put first one paw, then tie other, on my knee, and, standing on his hind legs, gently rubbed his head against my breast, then over my arms, and then com menced to explore my face. I shut my eyes, and felt hie nose pass several times across my face, covering it with saliva. Yet I dared not move ! I expected every instant he would seize me ; the very beating of my heart might disturb and annoy him ; and I felt that, come what might, I must fling him off and make a dash for the door. ' Suddenly he ceased rubbing against me, and appeared to be listening. He could hear the steps of the potboy descending the ladder. I also could hear it, and knew not whether to call to him or keep sflent. The dog now dropped down to my IrnpfS fl.gtt.in, still Ijatfningr ; and as the light of a candle streamed through the crevices of the badly fitting door he crept into the far corner of the cellar, evidently dreading being put upon the chain again. Then I made a dash at the door, swung it open, and, banging it to behind me, sank, more dead than alive, on a case near the walL Seeing my state, the man brought me uuickly a nip of brandy, and 1 pulled myself together. All this time the dog was growling furiously on the other side of the door, and tearing at it in his mad en deavour to get at us. Steadying myself as well as I could, I placed the light on a pile of cases, and, filling my syringe with acid, opened the door about two inches. As I ex pected, the infuriated beast rushed at the opening,] and as he did so I discharged the contents of the syringe into his open mouth. In a few seconds all was over. W hen I went upstairs I found my trousers, vest, coat* hands, and face covered with the saliva from his mouth. I felt sick and faint, and looked — so the people Baid— white as a ghost ; in fact I could hardly stand. ' The dog I had killed was bitten by the mad dog that ran down Piccadilly some three weeks since, and had only showed symptoms of madness during the last few days.1 In accordance with Alderman Sharpies. usggestion several aldermen visited the office of tut: Chief Knginccr of the Central Kail way on J'ritLay evening for the purpose of ascertaining the intentions of the department relative Ut the removal of the rails from Stuuley-strert to .South -struct. It seems it had beeu the wi&h; of the authorities to deviate from the plan followed in the former thoroughfare, viz., that of adhering to the centre of the roadway, and instead they wished to make a curve that would take the line dost: to the footjjath. On the inter viewers stating their disapproval of such a proposal a promise was made that the plan would not be adopted. The preparation of the plaus for the work is now going on, and it u expected that the construction of the Ufle vUl not be long delayed. 