HILARY'SJIUSBAND. Hilary stood leaning against a ragged old oak just outside the farm house sate ing her lover as he drove away from her for ,wr It waa a lonely road; thete were neither neighbours nor passers-by to Deer .M<a«.\italTT in frt Vs am £» a. .3 i a® I curiously inio nerieoe, and Aaron never ones looked round as he went ; ehe need not have pressed back the tears so resolutely. But she stood perfectly oahn and still, looking fixedlv down the road after the retreating wheals though feeling as if she were watching a hearse that bore away her heart to burial in some far away graveyard beyond reaoh of tears. When the last flutter of dost had laid itself in the road behind the gig, like a sorrow moments riiy lulled to sleep, bat ready to start into life at memory's first breath, the girl raised her clasped hands above her bead and dosed her eyes tightly as if to shut out the vision of the long dull years to oome, stretch- ing themselves fimleesly into the distance empty, loveless and hard like the blank road before her. Then ehe turned and walked steadily into the house, and up the narrow etairs into her aunt's room, and sat down by the bed, folding her slender hands in her lap, and looking down at the invalid with tired grey eyes that seemed suddenly to have discovered the end of all things, and to know that henceforth they must always look back instead cf forward. The paralytic neither saw nor heard when Hilary came in. 8he lay as she had lain these many months — past Beeiag, past hear- ing, past suffering, yet living still, though as ! utterly dead to her old life as had the Sequin mi hi pace already been written in letters of marble above her. For a long time Hilary sat by the bedside, absolutely motion less, save when she mechanically leaned forward to brush a fly from her aunt's brow, I or smooth away a crease in the counterpane,' I or straighten some small crookednesH tw! I unconsciously arrested her eye. One's outward senses are never so peculiarly alive to trifles as when a great crisis of fate holds all the Epirit spellbound. So now the various oonseoutive sooDds of every-fey farm life struck sharply through to Hilary s brain, and she rose obediently from her seat at the first stroke of the bell ringing in the men from the fields to their evening meal, She lingered a moment before going down, to look curiously at herself in the glass. No ; this change that had come was all in her life — not in herself. There were no wrinkles amid the faint horizontal lines that crossed her forehead, no hollows in the smooth, pale cheeks, no faded threads in the blonde braids that covered her head In such profusion. She looked the same .now as when she had run down so blithely to bid her loTer welcome only an hour before. She pressed her thin, sweet lips together, and shook her bead as if to fence off memory, and i then slowly descended to the diningroom, ' where Farmer Perkins and his wife, with j whom she and her aunt had boarded ever since ehe could remember, were already Eeated at the table, which was set for four, and had that air of elaboration about it which tables, like people, put on for an expected guest. by, where's Aaron ?' asked Mrs. Perkins, in evident disappointment. ' I made sure he wonld stay, and opened a jar of my best strawberries, though young men are that ignorant, I believo he'd all as soon have had crab- apples. | He couldn't wait,' Hilary answered, quietly, as she took her place and busied hsreelf with her napkin. 4 Ha had a great deal to do.' Farmer Perkins raised his bushy brows without lifting his eyes from his plate. Had he, then?' he said, with good-humoured doubt. ' I'd be glad of the day when Aaron John® had a deal to do.' 1 Yes,' answered Hilary, lifting her head with a desperate feeling that it was best to pt through the woret at once. 4 He had so little time. He leaves to-night for the West — for Omaha.' 1 What !' The exclamation came from Mrs. Perkins. Her husband merely suspended his operations with the waffles, and stared at Hilary sideways. ' Y es, she continued, in a perfectly quiet, unemotional voice. He said he bad failed long enough here, and he was sure to get a «lart there. It's a poor opening a young lawyer haE in a little country town like this, he tays.' ' Bight enough there,' assented the farmer, is knife and fork and appetite. 1 We ain't so dishonest about here yet, that PJ»ny folks can earn a living swearing black is white for us. Hell do a sight better in that lying country where he's going. He's smart enough fellow too, is Aaron. Give him a start, and he'll not oome in with the hindmost.' ' Well, I am took back,' said Mrs. Perkins slowly, quite forgetting to spread her bread |p her surprise, absently eating tbo butter in httle lumps off the rend of bur knife, as if testing it. ' I can't seem to settle down to it. Who'd have thought he'd go off so sudden, for u the world like a rookei before the match ib set to ft, And when is he coming back to fetch you, Hilary?' He is not coming back.' ' Not sver ?' 1 No.' The girl answered steadily enough, but her eyes fen. 'Hii-ry,' said Mrs. Perkins, solemnly, leaning forward to look at her, with both elbows on the table, you don't mean you've been keeping company with Aaron J olios this twelvemonth back, for bim to give you the like that in the end ?' ' There isn't any go-by about it,' replied Hilary, quickly, a hot crimson spot coming j each cheek. We've broken with each i other— that's all. He wanted me to go with I hy her and n?610 world to she dies?' 6 het e?eB decently when p6rWD8- 18 stricter n, a ». mow as your church haWseSE-v" — 0Ora 'Bough it's true do S. ll V® -que6r but I youn expsc Aaron likel aowas b®dy like viil down to a faalf-dead upstairs thai oanf "ii tiQBnowing creature 1 don't porridge from cider.' CftSteed 8 aDd 1 whfch Vll6noe for B time' during oaaionftfiiv «-rVn8 gazed fixedI at 'Be girl! abrupt nufta in hfi80Dir te,p6ing dieh an goine tn tL direotlon' aud once p«ifc-tif JS5J? X,offw'hM to offer'eaoh ni-ar'S pI?t6' Bs " Ashing in her power. 0"8 d88,in' " mwT2: yi«t?M,brf- Hi,ary?' ««» «v. iff'wrtion, and the poor girl I-"8..'. ® '?oked P appealiogly, and her features quivering, but controlled herself with, a great effort. 'There ie no enoi replied eimply! baS ,0 b8-' "ha . 'Tery 'rue. Soar,' said Mrs. Perkine approvingly, considerably cheered by the answer ' That's the only proper wav to J take afflictions. That's just what I said I W blaok hen wouldn't Bet, and 1 th« 6g8 went addled. And I daresay there 11 be some other young man along all SL-£0d r?,8 A,ar?Tn' ®ud a stay-at-home besides. There s Nathan Taylor, now. He's ncne so bad when you get used to his equint. Oh, you needn't think you've had your last chance yet, Hilary. There's many a hook slips i a fish that fends its second easy.' Hilary shivered ever so slightly. There'll I n6V6£ "a anyone else for me, Mrs. Perkins. on t let s talk about it. Are you going to look over those currants to-night ? Shall I help you ?' Well, yes, if you like,' answered the good woman briskly. 'Four hands is always better than two at a job, and there's nothing like picking ever currants for diverting the mind. It's the most distracting thing I know of. I set myself right to it the nigbt after my little Jim was buried, and it consoled me wonderful. It was really providential that he died in enrmnf lima I I'll fetch 'em right in.' I They all left the table together, and the I farmer took up his straw hat from the chair where he bad thrown it upon entering, then went back awkwardly to lay a heayy hand on Hilary's shoulder. 4 Hilary, my girl,' he 83id kindly, ' you're made of pretty decent stuff. You'll do.' By 10 o'clock that night all apparent life had ceased in the litt<B farmhouse. Save in Hilary's room, every light was out, and all but she were sunk in the dreamless sleep of the hard-working. But Hilary still sat by her aunt's bed, lost in thought, and taking | no note of the time. At last she rose with | the look of one who has oome to some Bolemn decision, and going to a tall chest of drawers that stood square and ungainly in a corner of the room under the sloping roof, she took out a white muslin dress that had lain there undisturbed since her first and only ball, and which was still very fresh and unrumpled. She shook it carefully out of its creases and laid it by while she sought for various other dainty articles of apparel — her one pair of eilk stockings and kid slippers, a white ribbon sash, a bit of rate old lace — and then, taking off her plain stuff dress, she prooe ded to make a fresh toilette from head to f< ot, even rebraiding her heavy masses of hair and arranging them in a wo®' that soiled her better. She stood at last- fully dressed in the soft white muslin — very fair, very bridelike. But something was wanting. Brides wear veils. Ah, ehe must borrow hers. That little Shetland shawl, soft as spun silk and cobwebby as lace, which had been her aunt's pride io bygone days — what could better fit her need ? With trembling hands she unfolded it from its many wrappers and threw it over her head, fastening it deftly here and there to her shining braids. It fell fleecy and light over her shoulders and floated far down over her dreSB. It was the finishing touch. Snrely all was complete now. But no ; did ever bride go to the altar without a flower upon her? Hilary hesitated an inBt-ant, then gathering her white skirts cloBely arennd her, with her long veil flung over one bare white arm, down she went, noiselessly as the ghost she seemed, to the tiny hill below. She listened anxiously. Had the oreaking wooden stairs betrayed her ? There was not a sound indoors save the old clock ticking weariedly in the corner, where it stood sentinel at his poet waiting to be relieved. Another step and Bhe reached the front door, slid back the bolt, lifted the latch, and passed into the dark and dewy garden. Her heart beat high as she stole softly down between the shrubberies. There was bat moonlight enough to make the darkness visible, and to show herself a misty white spot upon it, strange in the midst of strangeness, as if a oload had fallen to earth and gathered a semblance of human shape falling ; the ruetling of the leaves was as eo many faint spirit- voice 3 asking in frightened whispers who and what she was that had thus oome among them ; the tan felt cold and unaccustomed beneath her feet ; the air was damp and heavy with too sweet odours ; bats flew low across her pathway with ugly, flapping wings, and her ears tingled with a thcusand little sounds that she seemed never to have beard before. It was a gruesome hour for a girl to be out alone, but she kept steadily on her way, down between the straight, stiff flower-beds. The lilacs were long eince done blooming, and the lilies and fcbe syringas too. She thought of these last with a sigh ; they would have been quite like orange-blossom. There were plenty of white balsams and white phlox and white candvtuft too, on either side ; but she passed them swiftly by, never pausing till chs came to tbo very end of the garden, where a white rosebush, laden with half-open buds, sea wed to have bloomed purposely for this hoar. Hilary broke off the flowers with hasty hands — a f ewiorherbreae t and a fewfor her hair were ail she needed- and then with an exultant thrill at her heart, she turned and retraced her steps through the fitful moonlight and the mysterious shadows, that seemed to turn when she did, and to chase her wich gliding, dusky fqotsteps, as thouch loath to let eo fair a vision go But the house was reached in safety, the door recloeed upon that strangely unfamiliar world of night outside, and Hilaryood once more in her room before the glass smiling a sad little smile of triumph at herself. Yes, it was all complete now. There lacked nothing Bave only some one to say that she was fair. She glanced slyly at her own image, ashamed of her involuntary pleasure in its sweetness, and turning away went to the bed to bend down over the poor invalid, who was no farther from her now sleeping than waking, and softly kissed her forehead. Aunt,' she murmured beneath her breath I take you for my witnecs.' ' The clock in the hall below struck eleven ; the lamp began to flicker and turn dim; Hilary saw she must not delay. From some hidden nook that held her ohoicest treasures she took out a daguerreo type and placed it open upon the table, j It was the likeness of a good-humoured, sturdy young fellow of about three ond- fcwenty, with a beardleBa face, and honest pine eyes, and big, awkward hands, brought into bold relief against the nuoomfortably- fitting Sunday coat. It was not altogether admirable as a work of art, but Hilary looked at it with loving eyes as she knelt by the table in her bridal draperies, and, Opening her prayer-book, laid her right hand npon the picture, and repeated aloud, in a grave, hushed voice, firm wish resolve and sweet with unutterable love— I, Hilary, take thee, Aaron, to be my wedded husband, to have and to bold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love, cherish, and to obey, till death us do part, according to God's holy ordinance; and thereto I give j thee my troth.' j The strange rite was not ended yet. Should j she, too, not wear a marriage symbol upon her band, like all women who have sworn this vow ? Still on her knees, Hilary reached out for a spool of yellow silk in her basket:, and, knotting a slender thread firmly about her wedding finger, slipped over it a little ring which she had heretofore always wcrn on the other hand. Now she felt wedded indeed, and, bending forward, she pressed her lips against the unresponsive pictured face, blushing all over hotly in sweet shame. And so the weird midnight ceremony came to an end, and Hilary rose, folded up her wedding garment one by one, and laid them ; tenderly away icrever with the white roses ! that had soarcely yet lost their dew, returned i the picture to its hiding-place, blew out the light, orept silently to her couch, and lay there motionless as the sleeping figure in the bed beyond, but with wide, bright eyeB that refused to close, though all was so dark and still. From that night a new life began for Hilary — a life unshared by any, unknown to any, and of which the only outward sign was that tny silken thread upon her finger, which she replaced as soon as it loosened or showed dim, and which, safely hidden aB it was beneath the little trumpery garnet ring, I provoked no manner of comment, or, if occasionally it caught a curious eye, her simple answer, It is only to remember I something by,' was a quite sufficient explana- I tion But everything was changed to her | from that night. She wore only the ribbons J that he best liked her in ; every new gown j was chosen and fashioned wholly according to his taste. Every Christmas, every birthday, j she worked him presents that none saw save the poor to whom she gave them in his j ftead. Aaron's handkerchiefs must be I nearly worn out by now,' she would say j soberly to herself. 4 I must bom him some more.' Or — 4 Aaron's shirts can surely bold no longer ; I must make him another set. His wife must not neglect hica.' And the needy creatures who received her gifts little knew what pure and perfect love bad aided in their making. Once a year, upon her wedding anniversary, as she called it in her thoughts, she always made a little feast to mark out the day from it3 uneventful fellows. Was it not natural enough some times to call a few friends together? And no one thought of noticing that on those occasions she invariably wore a bunch of white roses at her breast. And so the years west by. The poor old aunt quietly slipped away altogether cut of . the life upon which she had long had so slight a hold ; the farmer and his wife became old and infirm, and upon Hilary, who had grown to be more daughter than guest in the bonce, now devolved much of the real management of the homestead. But who, seeing tlm quiet, middle-aged woman moving methodically and prosaically about her work, slurring no homely part of it, neglecting no wearisome detail, would have guessed that she hid such a bright fresh romance in her hsart, and was glad of it and comforted by it through all the lonely days, and through all the tedious commonplaces of the monotonous routine ? Aaron Johns had besn heard of but once since he drove angrily away through the sunshine and the dust, n&ver; turning to look j back at the girl who ootid so lightly let bim j go ; and that once wes when Father Perkins brought home word from town that Aaron had gone on from Omaha to Beaver, and settled there, and had married a wife and was , doing well. Hilary listened with no deepen ing cf colour, no quickening of her even poises, but with a oorious sense that Aaron ; had committed a crime, and that she waB responsible for his sin. But even that feeling wore off soon, and Aaron remained her dream-husband still, her secret counsel in i emergencies, her dally director and helper j and comforter, while Bhe tried to thiDk of j him as keeping pace with tims, and to imagine bim every year with hair a little j more grey, and eyes a litUo less blue, and j cheeks a little more sunken and furrowed. 1 should knqw him anywhere if I saw him,' she often said to herself. £ Of course he would not recognise rna new ; but my love has kept step with the changes, and he could : not have grown away from it.' j And eo the years slipped softly by, until 1 J ?n.e fl«y Farmer Perkins returned-from town, j bringing a wonderful bit of hews with bim. j ' Hilary, ' he said, as he sat dowe> resting j the palms of both handB on Mb kfiede, end looking solemnly at ber over his spectacle, J ' Aaron Johns is .back. He's picked up a I tidy bit of money, and buried his wife out i there, and no tir he's eome on a visit to see 1 how the old place looks. I told him he'd j find you here the same as ever, £nly that the j old aunt was dead. He wanted tb know j special if she was alive still. I always said I he was a smart fellow, was Aaron. I knew he'd get on.' 'Ton don't mean Aaron's back!' Mrs. Perkins exclaimed, all in a flutter of excite ment at once. Now, I shouldn't wonder if he'd really come for Hilary at last, and here she's been awaiting ready to his hand all these years ! Hilary said nothiog, but got up and took one of the ol 1 man's withered hands and stroked it gently for an instant, and then qniokly left the room. Gould it be true ? Was it possible the dream wab to become a I reality ? : She went about all day a if stunned, and when at last word Was brought her that Aaron was there and asking for her, she went to meet him like one walking in a dreauo. lH0 will never know me,' she repeated to herself. I have changed, and so of course has he ; yet I feel that I should know him anywhere.' I And then she heard a voice saying heartily, Why, she's positively not altered through all these twenty years ! Hilary, I should have known you the world over!' And j raising her eyes she saw a stranger standing j looking at her, a large, stout man, with a I bald head, and buBhy, red-brown whiskers, J and not a wrinkle anywhere on his all-round I good humoured face. Was this Aaron? Was it possible that this was he ? Not a I look, not a tone, not a gesture seemed familiar ; even the bine eyes recalled no memory ; even his smile seemed strange. It came npon her like a shook, and took away her breath. She could only give him her hand in silence. Yes, the very, very same !' he oried, delightedly. 4 Nothing is changed. No one is changed. The same place, the Sam-1 house, the same people. It is as if the whole town had been sleeping an enchanted sleep. There are no improvements, no innovations, no alterations anywhere — not so much as a signboard torn down. Everybody seems just to bave become his own grandfather. I could swear I saw some of the very hats in the street to-day that I saw twenty years ago. It's delightful. You can't think how it rests a man, after he has lived so long in the midst of perpetual newness and stir and change, to step bsck to some spot where time is at a | standstill, and where there is really nothing new nnder the un. Should yon have known me, Hilary? Forgive me; I conld not call you by anything but the old name.' ' She hasn't any other hereabouts,' said the farmer, patting her shoulder affec tionately. Our Hilary is Hilary to all the townsfolk still, just as she was in her young days.' She has never outgrown her yonng days,' said Aaron, looking with pleased eyes at the slim figure arid gentle, lovable face. ' Time has stood more still with her than with anything else. But I'm afraid you have forgotten me, Hilary.' She flushed'deeply all over her delicate pale face, and her eyes dropped. 4 No,' she answered. I have not. But — but you do not seem the same.' And try as she wonld, through all the days that followed, she could not think him baok into his old place. He was a new Aaron altogether, not the old Aaron whom she had loved, and to -whom she had been so faithful through th8 y ears. She could not get used to bim. His presence was a continuous shock to her, as if his real and his imaginary self were always at w#r with each other. This Aaron was too stout, too noisy, too careless, and in too exuberant good spirits. His clothes fitted him too well, and she missed the bine necktie, and the limp collar, and the big flapping silver chain, And be carried silk handkerchiefs now, and wore skirts beyond anything her simple skill could fashion. He was very nice, very pleasant ; she found no fault with him as he was ; it was only that he was not the Aaron of her dreams. And when one evening, as he was bidding I her good-bye, he came nearer and said, gently : 4 Hilary, will you go West with me this time when I go back ?' she trembled violently, and caught away her hand, looking up at him with eyes full of per plexity. 4 Oh, Aaron, give me time, give me time,' she faltered. 4 1 do not know — I cannot Bay — let me think.' She sat up fete in her own room that night, as she bad eat there once so many years before, thinking it all ever with a disquiet heart. There was no helpless form stretched on the bed beside he>- now. There was absolutely no one to keep h er baok — nothing to keep her from him. She had been true to him all these years ; Bhe had shut out all other love from her heart because of that lost love of his ; and now be had brought it back to her to bo hers, and hers always, if she would. How could ehe do else than reach out to him the hand that she had given him so many years ago? She looked down at it. fingering the little gold thread nervously. Must she part with that ? Gould auy shining wedding riug ever bo dearer to her than that had been ? It vould be like unsaying an old vow, like casting off ao old allegiance, to take this thread away. She went to her desk and took the little daguerreotype from its hiding place. A faint odour of rose-leaves oluog to it, like a tangible emanation from all the gentle and sweet associations with which it had en riched her life. A tranqnilising sen © of peaco stole over her as she looked down at the dear familiar face that bad smiled changelessly back at her for eo bug. Oh, this was th1? real Aaron — this wai the Aarou to whom she had given her heart — this was the Aaron who bad been with her till he had grown into every fibre of hsr being. How could she bs faithless to him new, civicg herself away to that other and different Aaron who had so boldly come in to claim her ? Oh, no, bo !' she cried aland, olaeping the picture io her heart with a sudden paroxysm of foolish tears ; I cannot, I Oanaot ! Aaron, my dear pietnre-love, you bave keen my all when I had ao one else, find I will not give you up. This new Aaron fenot the same, and if I took bins in your pl&de; it would be like divorcing myvei.f from you to marry him, and I should miss you, ob, I should miser you till I died. And so, merely for the sake of a dreaur which she could not banish, Hilary sent her lover away once more, and stood at the end of, her story as at the beginning, watching bim as he drove disconsolately down the road, knotting that she should never see him again. But he turned this time to wave his hand to her in friendly farewell, feeling vaguely, perhaps, that she was right after all, and that he Hilary be loved would eease to be the same transplanted to foreign soil. And when he hid disappeared and the dust had settled quietlj down behind bins - Hilary turned with a saile on her lips to re-enter the hoose. Farnr Perkins stood upon the threshold, watching, her somewhat anxiously. She went up to hitq and laid her hand upon his shoulder. ' Aaron is going baok to Denver to morrow,' ehe. said, still smiling. ' And — I sbali stay behind again.' 1 Hilary, my girl,' said the old man earnestly, 4 I've always said it, you're made of pretty deceit stuff, and' — he took off his snectacles and vinnd thnm nnrfnllv — 1 and I think you'll do, Hilary — you'If do.' — Bjy Grace D. .LitcSflbld, in the Gentwry 