BON VOYAGE TO MR. DONALD MANSON. A boil voyage picnic at Clontarf was givcu on Saturday afternoon btv some GO of his friends to Mr. Ronald Manson, late manager lnt Australasia of the WaUliam Watch Company, on the occa- sion of his leaving byuncy for America. The weather was sunny, not too hot, and all gladly gave themselves up to pleasure, and spent a happy hour with their friend. The Leveret was chartered for the occasion, and at I o'clock the word was passed to get under weigh for Clon- tarf. Tlio party 011 board, among others , iti eluded the guest, Mr. Donald Manson, Mr. Ci. AW (iritHu, U. S. Consul, the Hon. G. H. Dibbs, Premier, Messrs. Kahlo (the late U. K. Consul), AV. Curnow, S, Cook. Jlugh George, A. Milder, ,T. llowell, E. C. NVcstlake, C. A. Goodeluip, 1). Melhado, J. S. Mason, L. Hopkins, I'leinming. H. Gullctt, "W. Traill, ,T. Leach, Captains Mann and Cavgill, R. (!. Ghost, K. Smith, D. M. Maitlnnd, Diotrich. F. Hill. T. M. Aleoek, P. Douglas, 'P. A. Clark, A. P. Shcplmrd, .lohn Woods, \V. J. Tarplec, L. .1, ilrient, J. ifiggins, U. 13. Smith, M. P., Levi, Greeley Lukin, Co'Tee, .f, Ashton, Hibhanl, P. ,1. lli>ldsworth. W. A. Gihh, A. Gumming, E. E. .Smith. A. Ballautine, H. Lang, Barron, Houghton, Drs. Tucker, Platan and Jackson. A short rest was made under the shady trees of (.'Ionian, and then all repaired to the pavilion, where Cotnpagnoni had ready an unusually tine dinner, having carte blanche for the occasion from the hosts. Mr. Leach was warmly compli ment by his committee upon the excullout dinner lie had ordered for them, ami during tho dav this gentleman made an enthusiastically efficient muster of ceremonies. The chair was taken by tho Consul, and the vice-chair by tho Premier. An apology for absence was received from Mr. Manson's successor (Mr. It. lloestiu), whom lite business of the company required at tiiat time to lie in Melbourne. The dinner was heartily enjoyed. Then Consul Griffin gave the toast of "The Queen and then ThuPRKMircu rose to propose "The Health of the President of tiio United States." lie said they had met thereto do honor to a gentle man who had been amongst them for a few years, who by hU personal qualities, liv his gentlemanly nnd gentle nature, had endeared himself to many of the people of this country. ("Hear, hear.") Mr.Mansou was about to leave thorn — he-hoped for a short time only — ("hear, hear")— ami about to return to the land of his birth, and thoy were there that day, Americans aiui Kuglbihmcn, united to wish him God-speed ami to pay him a little tribute of respect, (llear, hear.) Looking upon Mr. Manson as an Ainerieau cousin, united almost to them l»y ties stronger than nationality, they hoped the day would not he far distant when they rhould welcome his return, as they now regretted his departure. ("Hear, hear.") lie was not about to propose the health of Mr. Manson; but as that igentlciimn was an American citizen, ho should propose the health of the gentleman who presides over f»0, DUG, 0(H) of citizens to-day. The President of the United States was tho ruler for the time being of a great nation— (" hear, hear")— a nation identical almost in everything with tuc English race-P' hear. hoar")-a liation as it were, sprung from English loins und a nation that .English men respected, and that they in Australia both admired and respected. (Applause.) The world owed a good deal to the people of America, and the people of New South Wales had never been backward in recognising their obligation. For his purl, he Imped tho day was no! far distant, though those jiresent that day might not live to see it, when that federation which had been opoken about would take place, and when England and America should once move ho united. In the fervent hope of so great sin event taking place, hmvould ask them to recog nise the ruler of so great a people, and to drink with him the health of the President of the United States. (Cheer.) The Consul then gave tho toast of "Tito Governor of New South AVales, and of his estimable wife, Lady Carrington," — a toast which was received with applause and honored with enthusiasm. Mr. John Woods, who was called upon by the Consul to toast "Tho Ministry," thought that, considering tho circumstances m which tho country was placed at this moment, it would have been omitted from their list. lie really did not know who were the MinibUy. (Laughter — "Oh, they're alive.") If Ins friends said they were alive, ho had no doubt they were alive physically ; morally, lie had some doubts about it. ('Laughter.) No one since tho initiation of responsible government here laid had the pleasure of proposing this toast under more peculiar or embarrassing cir cumstances than himself that day. Tim news papers Huid thoy had a new Ministry ; it was whispered the other day that tho old Ministry had resigned; nnd the presumption was that if au individual or a body of individuals resigned, thev were out ofiotlice, and had retired from the business they had superintended. That was his inference, but his lion, and his old personal friend, M r. Dibbs, was among them. (Applause.) lie hud great plea«uro in proposing this toast, and lie thought lie could do so with a clear conscience. For, notwithstanding what had been said as to their many faults, and as to the wav in which those faults had been pointed out ny tho gentlemen who wore sup posed to ho the representatives of the people, he would say the Government were leaving ttoir positions With as clean hands as any other Ministry had. C"ltcar, hear.") It was quite true that the Ministry had borrowed a large sum of money to develop tho industries of the country in the shape of railways and other things. But what would have been' the present state of tho finance if that money had not been introduced into the colony ? (" Hear, hear.") It had been said— and ho would not say it was true— that a large amount of money was left to the credit of the country on tho retirement of the Uarkes- ItolmrtsoifGovornmciit. But had it over yet been nut forth that a large amount of liabilities was also left hv that Government? ("Hear, hear.") And their kuccckkoi'h were hound in honor to carry out thuso undcrhiJciiigs. Considering tho unfortunate circumstances in which the country had been placed during tho last three years — considering that they had lost 1!1J millions sheep, 1J million cattle, '100,000 torses— considering how for years under tho ne farious Land Act of Sir John Robertson tho squatters were in the hands of every bauk in the country, thu Government of the country had done well to get tho English peoplo to lend them money to carry on works, wliethorthoncw heaven-horn Ministry would have auclVcct 011 tho elements — whether it would give them water and alter thecircmnslauccs of the country-he was not iu \\\ position to cay. Hut ho would say this country had never been placed in more embarrass ing circumstances than it was in now. It would require men of vigor and of intelligence and far-seeing men to tako up tho reins of govern ment and tide them safely over the surrounding difficulties of this moment. He had grave doubts, looking ut the etato of the legislature and the ovenncss of political parties, he doubted whether there was a party which could succeed in this object. And before very long they must havo an appeal to tho intelli gence of the city. (Hoar, hear.) This matter would havo to be put before the people in an intelligent way before they could have mi intelligent decision as to what was to he done. Certainly, from cortain speeches of tho gentle men whoso names were published in tho news papers that morning, this Government ought not to issue Treasury bills to tido over tho difficulty ; they could uot go to tho Custom house 5 they must go to property, and ho pitied the Government which would do so just now. From Sir John Robertson's lifo as a politician,, ho questioned whether his Government would go to the Custom-houso. They must go some where, ami as a financier he know the shortest way to get over Huh difficulty was by giving a promissory note. (Applause.) Tho proposal of Mr. Dibbs, to his miuil, was fair and legitimate; our resources were very groat, and it only needed a strong Government to faco tho situation. It would be difficult to replace the Ministry which the Opposition bad .been so anxious to displace. (Applause.) The BiiEMtnn, who was greeted with cheers, Efiul that when his friend commenced his speech to propose tho health of tho Ministry, he was placed for a few seconds in a position of embarrassment. Ho saw a difficulty before him which not even his sanguine temperament saw his way clear of 5 lie was afraid, ami doubted who jher Mr. Woods was going lo proposo tho Ministry as a portion of tho system of go vernment of this colony, or whether he was going to propose the individual Ministry which existed to-day as Ivcum teueim of those who were to follow them — whether he was (foing to propose the Ministry iu process of incubation or tho toast of tho Ministry of that mysterious third pasty which a certain section of tho press of this city had ho particu larly referred to. (Hear, hear.) However, Mr. woods cleared up the difficulty at lust, and pro posed the Ministry which for tho last. lew weeks he (Mr. Dibbs) hud hud the honor of presiding over. Ho was exceedingly obliged to them for ro- Hpnding so warmly to thu toast, and to Mr. ) "wtofur thu maimer iu which he entered into the difficulties of tho Ministry. And there was u great deal of force iu his .statement that it was wsy to destroy, hut not so easy to build up. It was easy to gut rid of a gooil and old servant, with his many little faults atui failings ; H was not ho easy to get a servant to take his place. 'Thoy know that was the ease in their domestic establishments. I hey growled with everything Unit turned Ppj and they were not satisfied. They made a e uinge, and generally went, from bud to worse. Be Was of opinion the Ministry of to-day — the Ministry winch existed, perhaps, for only a few hours longer, which piartirallv wan dead, bat Mill compelled to live on to do the executive work of the Government — he was willing to Jiumit that that Government, like every other Government there had been in the world, had had their faults, lint he would publicly protest that Ministry had not iuul a fair trial. (Hear, hear.) Thov were condemned before they were heard ; th'ev were accused uf crimes hey never committed, and had been sent lo the I'loek without being allowed to give one word of explanation. Ilu did not himself object to that ; he had hold office for three years, and was almost the sole survivor of tho late Stuart Ad ministration. Ho was not sorry now, for ho hud had tho plcasuro of having endeavored to the host of his ability to serve t(ic country. Ho had served it at large pecuniary loss to himself, and whoever caino into office ag a Minister iu thm country, if he possessed tho most ordinary business qualifications, incurred a heavy loss the moment ho took a portfolio and entered upon the government of the country. Personally, lie was not sorry the Ministry lmd gono out of oihee ; hut the country ho thought more of, and though it wag not for him to say abler suc cessors would not be found ho was disposed lo believe in the wisdom of Air. AA'ood'u remark. He believed when they got rid of a servant with one fault thoy got one with a larger fault. There was a sufficient split in their camp to see where the difficulty lay. and to show that those who eamo after them liad a hard time beforo them. Certainly, those now on tho Govern ment side of the House would do to tho incoming Government what they had never received at their hands. They would accord to them fair play, not from nny love of the persons in tho Ministry, but because they owed a patriotic duty to the country. That Ministry would bo composed of persons who were entitled to expect confidence ; they would got fair play from his party in opposition. However, admitting that his Ministry had their faults, and had involved the country in a dclicit of a million of money, the deficit was a small one il they put on the other side of the lodger that had the Government sold (lUU, 000a. of land they would have wiped oil: two-thirds of that amount. 1 hey had uot got the money, but they had the ami. The hind was an asset to-day which if realised would pay two-thirds of the present amount of iiulebteduus:-. It was uot- right to enter into a financial discussion j he was only there to respond for the Government that were hi c.vlrt'niii v— a Government that had the rattle in their throat— a Government, whose death had been pravod for by otic section of the com munity. (Laughter). They would die happy, and with the consciousness that they hud dune their best for the good of the country. They had not shirked the responsibility of their position ; they had admitted, through circumstances over which 110 human being had control there was a difficulty ; and they had shown a fair way of getting over that difficulty, not by trusting wholly It) providence hut by not at tempting to disturb the trade and commerce of the country by not putting taxes- atal bur dens on the back of the punplo, which, during a time of pressure and disaster, they had no right lo bo u;kcd to hear. Oil behalf of the Ministry iu their death throes at that iuoinjnt, lie returned his warmest thanks to the company for thinking of them iu the hour of their death, and he hoped, for thu good oft iA? country ,a better and stronger Ministry would lake their places. (Loud applause.) Consul UltlFFlN' then gave the health of the guest, ami in doing Ku,said : — I desire to express to you my sense of the honor you lmve dune me in asking mo to preside over ho distinguished an assemblage, representing as it docs some of thu best men in tins country— men who liavo made their mark iu letters, in politics und in com merce. We arc gathered together to-day to do honor to one who by his many ster ling qualities as a gentleman has won our esteem — (hear, hear) — who by his honor as a merchant lias made the name of the company lie so ably represented respected throughout' tho Australasian colonies — (ap plause) — and who by his liberality and courtesy has reflected credit 011 the great country to which lie belongs. (Cheers.) It is my duty, gentlemen, to propose his health. For Home reasons, .1 wish it had fallen into other hands. In the first place, 1 make 110 pretensions to the gift of eloquence, in the second place, L sue around me gentlemen of distinction who are far better qualified than I am to do justice to the toast. But, however much I. may fail in tho performance of my duty, 1 will yield to none iu regard to my appreciation of the good qualities of our guest— (applause) — or in the sincerity of my desire for his future success in whatever sphere of life it may be his fortune to find a place. (Hear, hear.) If it he his final determination to woo the fickle goddess Fortune iu the country I represent, we hope she will smile upon him, If he determine to come back to Australian and cast iu his lot with the people of tiiis magnificent colony, I am sure his return will he welcomed with the warmest enthusiasm. (Applau.se.) It is mv good fortune to have been connected with Mr. Donald Manson more or less intimately since my arrival in the colonics, and I have known few persons more worthy of esteem than he, and certainly it has never been mv pleasure to be acquainted with one who in all the relations of mercantile and sociallii'e has been more exemplary. ("Hear, hear.") When I first met him in New Zealaud, iu 187D, I used to wonder how it was possible for a gentleman who did not occupy any official or Government position, and who appeared to me to shirk from publicity, to occupy so large a space in society and ho warm a place iu the hearts of the people. ("Hear, hear.") It is natural that, on commercial grounds alone, I should feci a deep interest in Mr. Mausou, because in tho most trying circumstances he suc ceeded iu building up in these colonics a largo American industry, and through his mar vellous energy, tact and patience lias made it better known, perhaps, than any other American enterprise in Australasia. (" Hear, hour.") Whatever lie praised was found to do worthy of commendation, so that everywhere it was recognised that his word was as good as his boml. 1 was so deeply impressed with the value of his work here that I made it the subject of a special report, which was published by tho department of State at Washington, and at a later period it was republished by the Government of New Zealand. The success which crowned the labors of our guest in Australia should, 1. think, he to all of us a valuable lesson, for it. shows that whatever is worth doing is worth doing well. My former colleague, tho Hon. O. At, Spencer, who was associated with Mr. Manson in the conduct of the American department of the International Exhibition at Sydney, was always enthusiastic in his praise. " lever found him," said Air. Spencer, " just and impartial, and tho soul of honor and truthfulness." I'raise from Biich high authority, and from Hitch an accomplished gentleman, was in itself warrant to honorable fame. We should all he gratified with his success here, from tho fact that it phows there can he no excellence without great labor, and whatever we have to do should ho done well. (" Hear, hear.") Gentlemen, if I were to detain you for au hour, I could not say more in favor of our guest, and I might he accused of attempt ing to Hatter him ; therefore, without further comment, I ask you now to join with mo iu drinking to his health ami prosperity. The toast was drunk with musical honors, and in reply Mr. MaxbOX said:— In risingto return thanks for tho toast which has been ho eloquently pro posed, ami to which you havo so generously re sponded, I feel that I have uot power to give full expression to the sense of gratitude which liaa been evoked by your kindness. The com pliment is ho distinguished, and the making of speeches is ho novel to me, that I could not, if I were inclined, follow tho chairman ho as to acknowledge in detail all the llatteriug things ho has been good enough to Hay about mo and my services in Australasia. But thm I can affirm in all flinccrity — that however much ho may have overestimated my personal intluenco and work, as well as my personal qualities, he has certainly not overestimated my ideal of those qualities which in his opiniou should characterise tho life of an honorable business man, a good citizen and a sincere friend. (Applause.) I will not conceal from you that I feel proud of the distinction which has been conferred upon me to- day. When I look around atulHeo who arc assembled at this festivchuani, I know that the honor done to me would he highly prized by any man of high Hiatus in this community; and I thank youiimost Kinceroly. The only regret I feci in that my services have been too poor to merit such distinguished re cognition. ("Olino.") I havo lived in these splen did colonics for some nine years, I have noted the character of its inhabitants and tho marvel lous growth of its prosperity, .1 have ixmelited by its climate, I have mado many friends among the people, X built tip an exteusivo business for the company in whoso interests I camohere; and of eourso it alVorded mu very great gratification that at tho exhibitions in Sydney and Melbourne that company obtained special mention and gold medals. 1 have re ceived, in the kindness I have experienced here, a fair quid pro quo for any little services I may have been able to render these colonies which T. shall leave with re gret, and to which L shall havo pleasure in returning. ("Hear, hear.") J .need hardly say that, thai pleasure will he greatly enhanced by a renewal uf those friendships which i highly prize, and especially by again being aide to meet the gentlemen who now Kit at this table. If during my absence it will ho possible for me to do anything to promote in ever ho small a degree the welfare of these colonies, or to draw closer tho bonds of unity and commerce be tween them and tho United States, so ably re presented bv the gentleman who presides at this festive' hoard— (applause)— you may vest assured that I shall feel it my duly, as indeed it will bo mv pleasure, to embrace tho opportunity. ("Hear, hear.") With a grateful remembrance of all tho kindness I have received here, with a feel ing of satisfaction at the hourly reception I have met with in commercial na well as other in- ihumtiul circles titul with, 1 hope, a modest es timate of those personal qualities with which you have been good enough to credit me, I will 'now conclude by again thanking for your kind recognition and for this token of y«Jur esteem. f'Lond cheers.) Mr. B. Bi'itdktt .Smith then invited tho company lo acknowledge with a toast the valuable and most successful exertions of the or"aiu>cr of thai, excellent repast— Air. J. Leach. The toa<t was a very popular one, ami Mr. Loach unid all his cll'oiis had been thoroughly well repaid by the success of tho i'utheiing'aiid by the hearty way iu which they had honored his'fncnd Mr. .Manson. Mi. Hugh George proposed "Tho Health of Consul Griffin," who acKtiowlcdged the eoiirLsy in a few Icel- im words. The toant of " The l'ress," given bvMr. John Woods, was responded to by Air. Namuel Cooke and Air. Hugh George (//rni/d), Mr L. Hopkins Hulfetin) and Mr. Henry Gu'llctt Telet/ruph). Thu party then atoamca up to tho head of Middlo Harbor, others remain ing behind for a game of cavdn, ami on their return all rcfroshed themselves with ice-croani and wlno and embarked for Sydney, where thoy landed just before 8 o'clock. 