INTERCOLONIAL. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.] NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, December 1, At a meeting of the Executive Council to- day, arrangements were made for the official landing of the new Governor, Lord Carrington, on Saturday week. The Executive decided to proceed with the construction of the tramway from Newcastle to Plattsburg. The subject of constructing a branch line of railway from the Illawarra main line to the National Park at Port Hacking, has been under consideration, and the Government have decided to take the preliminary steps ne- cessary for carrying out the project. A very lengthy meeting of the Cabinet was held this morning. Long consideration was given to the present political situation, and it was determined that no Government action, except that necessitated by departmental rou- tine, should be taken until the vote of want of confidence in the Legislative Assembly has been decided, and that nothing should be done which could in any way compromise a new Government, or hamper the future proceedings of the present administration. Sir Edward Strickland, president of the Geographical Society, with Mr, T. H. Myring, secretary, paid a visit to Admiral Tryon to-day to thank him for the prompt action taken by him in despatching assistance on receipt of the news of the supposed massacre of the expe- ditionary party in New Guinea. The journeymen brickmakers employed at Goodsell Bros.' brickyard, Newtown, ha\e Btruok work in conseauence of a dispute with the employers regarding the hours of labour. All the men are now locked out, and the works arc at a standstill. In the Legislativo Assembly this ovening, the debato on the Address in reply was resumed by Mr. Garland, one of the members for Carcoar, who spoke in opposition to the Government. Mr. Trickett, replying on behalf of tho Government, pointed out that tho word- ing of the amondmont on the Address in reply botokened its weakness, as it did not put any question beforo tho House to determine, although the mover of the amendment had tried to narrow down the issuo to the Land Law of 1SS4. Eoferring to the recent speech of Mr. Garrett's, at Picton, ho raid that gentle- man had announced himself as tho Land Minister of the coming Government, whereas his utterances showed ho was most unfit to administer the Land Law of 1881. Ms. Heydon spoke for over two hours in opposition to tho Government, and was continuing his speech when the Speaker was taken ill, and had to leave the chair, business meantime boing suspended. The debate was eventually further adjourned. The Municipal elections focthc City Council took place to-day, when tho following candi- dates wero elected :-Alderman Dean for Bourke Ward, Mr. Harris for Phillip Ward, Alderman Poole for Fitzroy Ward, and Mr. A. J. Riley for Cook "Ward. Sailed : E.M.S, Australia, for San Fran- cisco ; Cintra and Burwah, steamers, for Brisbane. VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, December 1. Tho general entries wero received to-day for the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Boxing Day meeting, to he held at Caulfield. The follow- ing are the entries for the Summer Cup, 14, mile and a distance :-St. John, The ¡Agent, Merrimu, Claptrap, Gasatior, Maydew, Bingmastcr, First Prince, Britisher, Came rine, All Gold, Baron Neckar, E. D., Grace Darling, tho Ghost, Selkirk, Anchorite Velocipede, Uncas, Lesbia, The Chanter, Lord Wilton, Hilltop, Bend Or, Middlemarch, Hippogriff, Bohemian, Plausible, Merman, Bemus, Mario Louise, Black Diamond, Aco- lyte, St. Lawrence and Sea Horse, The tender of Messrs. Briscoe and Co. has been accepted by tho Railway «Commissioners for the supply of 40,000 tons of steel rails. A railway collision occurred on tho Williams- town line this morning between a passenger train and a pilot engine which was follow- ing. The guard of the train was slightly injured, and the driver and fireman of the pilot engine were shaken. One of the trucks was throv. n off the line. The men on the pilot engine havo been suspended pending an in- quiry. Antonio Boderick, a Portuguese, was fined £100 at the City Court to-day for smuggling cigars from the Menmuir. A circular will shortly be issued by the Education Department, the object being to make State school instruction more imme- diately practical. History will bo taught, and poetry not only committed to memory, but understood, while elementary instruction will bo given in tho laws of health. At a meeting of the Melbourno Presbytery, to-day, the Bev. P. W. M'Gregor was elected Moderator. In the Legislative Assembly this evening, Mr. Service, replying to a question, said the subject of defences would not bo remitted to the Federal Council formally, but no doubt it would be informally considered by the dele- gates. Tho consideration of the Estimates was proceeded with satisfactorily, stonewalling being absolutely abandoned. In the Legislativo Council the Federal Coun- cil Bill was recommitted and clause 2 altered so as to bring the bill into operation even without the co- operation of South Australia« The bill was then road a third time and re- turned to tho Assembly. oGurrl AUSTEÀLÏA. ADELAIDE, December 1. In the Legislative Assembly to-day a loan bill was brought down for £1,313,000. Mr, Symon called attention to a statement made by the Governor at a picnic at Linden, on Monday, in which his Excellency urged upon the colony the wisdom of passing the Federal Council Bill. Mr. Symon denounced the conduct of the Governor in trying to in fluence legislation as scandalous. Tho Premier said the Governor's ref erenco to the matter was made in a jocular way. Mr. E. Ward asserts that tho Governor's statement was made seriously, and that his conduct was reprehen- sible. The promoters of the Jubilee Exhibition have agreed upon tho conditions for designs for the new building, and competitions for designs will shortly be called for by advertise- ment, open to all the colonies, TASMANIA. HOBART, December 1. The dispute between the two Houses of Parliament was concluded to-night by the Assembly accepting the amendments mado by the Council in the Loan Bill. NEW ZEALAND. AUCKLAND, December 1. The Native Minister has received from Wahanui, a powerful chief, a taiha, or sceptre of war, which indicates that henceforth no moro bloodshed will take place between tho Europeans and the Waikato tribes. This sceptre has been in the possession of the Ngatcmaniapotos for upwards of 100 years, and played a conspicuous part during the war. 