SPORTING NOTES. [Br Tbumpator.] The nominations for the A.R.C. Races are limited in the extreme, if we except those events confined to trotters. The sport bo favoured in America has plenty of votaries in this colony, and thanks to the class of hone being inferior to those in Victoria, the trotting races here fill well, and provide more excitement than they do at Elsternwick, though we do not have the satisfaction of seeing an animal of the Julius Ctesar stamp careering round the course. Several good trotting stallions have been brought here from Victoria lately by Mr. J. H. Angas, Mr. N. W. Stirling, and Mr. C. Wood, and in time to come the class of trotters may be expected to improve. At present we have plenty of the fair-to-good class, and their owners seem very fond of seeing them perform in public. O.V.G., the hero of the last Trotting Meeting, appears again this time, but Mr. Hughes is sure to penalize him pretty severely, in which case Messrs. Mall en & Hubble may prove dan gerous with another dark one. Red Rover, Darkle, Dora, Betts, Miss Jessie, and other well-known performers are engaged, but I suppose as usual the race will fall to some well-kept good thing. There are nine entered for the Hurdle Race on the first day. Lady Carrington will of course concede lumps of weight to everything, as unlesB one of the newcomers, Skysail, Baron, or Comet, are above the average the grand old daughter of Panicwillbeveryhardtobeat. Isonomystands out very prominently in the Two and Three Year Old Handioap, but the Selling Race should be interesting, as Tom Cribb, Antonio, Carbalooka, Czarina, and All Smoke are all smart over the distance, and there may be some from among the dark ones. Only six are in the Christmas Handicap, and as Sandal is missing I suppose Mr. Gordon has designs upon the Went worth Handicaps.' Steeplechasing is never popular with owners in the summer, and I am not surprised that very few have patronised the two races over fences. Owners evidently think it better to wait for Onkaparinga. The ancient Acrobat's name crops np in the Selling Hurdle Race on the second day. Only four have entered for the Humanity Handicap, bnt there are nine in the New Tear's Gift, and among them are Sandal, Isonomy, Lavington, Tar peia, and Belmont. The second steeple is an improvement on the first, and there are j some smart cattle among the thirteen ] nominated for the Midsummer Handicap. The acceptances for Wentworth quite came I up to expectations, but I notice that Lantern is not to visit the scene of his former triumphs. The Messrs. Crozier have been ] very successful at Wentworth for several seasons and Ruby will nearly win the double this year nnless Sandal can lower her colours. On form 1 should prefer Sandal if she were on the spot and well, but it is along journey, and Mr. Gordon may postpone starting until too late to give his mare a fair chance. Renny looks very like scoring the jumping double for the Messrs. Robertson, There seems to have been Borne pretty fair sport on the pretty little course at Moonee Valley on Saturday. Muscat, once an occupant of Mr. He Mestre's dangerous stable, has at lest scored a win for the Williamston stable, and he beat a very smart horse in William Tell. Later in the day a 71b. penalty left William Tell a decided master of I the situation, as he beat Muscat easily in the I Harvest Handicap. Starfish, a son of S word fish, was made a hot favourite for the Steeple chase, but he was beaten after a good race by | Goodwood, who seems a useful horse in second-clasB company. The V.R.C. have every reason to be satis fied with the entries they have received for | their New Year's Day meeting. For the Standish Plate there are no less than 70 | nominations, and this list includes Malua, Sheet Anchor, Chuckster, Merrimu, Lord Wilton, Remus, St. John, Madcap, All Gold, Ringmaster, Anchorite, Moonahee, The | Ghost, and other fair handicap performers. In the Bagot Plate Malua, Sheet Anchor, Blink Bonny, Mozart, Remus, Reginald, Ringmaster, and Grace Darling appear so I that unless Malua is at his best on the day | this race should be very interesting.. There are 46 in the Midsummer Handicap, but the Criterion Stakes has only 15 engaged, and as the crack two-year-olds will devote their attention to the Normanby Stakes, Damocles, Munurytina, The Nun, and Dividend should fill the places between them. For the Victorian Club Cup there are 45 entries, and here again Malua, Sheet Anchor, and Grace Darling appear. The brilliant victories of Plaisanterie have I caused English turf writers to reflect that j horses do not improve much after the autumn of their three-years-old career. Australians made this discovery some time ago when First King, Commotion, Progress, and other good three-year-olds performed j such great feats at the end of their three year-old days. By-the-by the French filly's I double victory in England shonld be good news for the New Zealanders, as Plaisan terie'B sire, Wellingtonia, is half-brother to | Apremont, the one being by Chatta nooga out of Auracaria, and the other I by Mortemer out of Auracaria. Just j at the end of the season John Porter intro duced a two-year-old in Ormonde who seems I to have made a great impression on English | turfites. He won three races off the reel, including the Dewhurst Plate, and when the mail left was as good a favourite for the Derby as Minting. Ormonde is descended from the famous Agnes family on the dam's side, ' and his performances should assist in selling j the two Macaroni mares lately imported to | Melbourne, as Lily Agnes, the dam of Or monde, and Farewell is by Macaroni '•Augur" mentions that the two mares in question are very likely to be bought for a Bister colony, and 1 believe it is quite within I the bounds of probability that they will | come to Adelaide. JcBeph Henry Madden, the bookmaker, was before the Commissioner of Insolvency thiB week. On the application of Mr. E. W. O'Halloran, the case was adjourned to enable the insolvent to try and arrange a composi tion. Mr. F. F. Dakin has discovered that the I New Zealander Oudeis, will not train, and there now seems a doubt about Vanguard standing. Vanguard was a great horse in his own country, and it will be a pity if he cannot be got to the poBt in the autumn. I do not think I ever heard of a woman publicly plying the calling of a bookmaker until this week, but there is a fair lady at Silverton who is prepared to lay the Barrier Ranges double. Her card was exhibited at the Globe on Wednesday. At the recent Canterbury meeting Mata, who was the hero of our AR.C. meeting in 1881, won a Selling Race, beating a pretty good field. Auckland, who ran in Grand Flaneur's Cup, was also a winner at the meeting. The English papers received by this mail report the death of Ben Newstead, who trained Activity, Munden, and other winners for Mr. R, Howett, the English bookmaker, who is now on a visit to Australia. A Sydney writer hears casually that there is some chance of the horse First Water returning to Australia from Calcutta. The climate has not agreed with him, and his owner intends sending him to New South | Wales with the hope of finding a purchaser. Prometheus broke down badly in the Melbourne Cup and was not removed from J Flemington until last week. A Ballarat paper states that Tom Corrigan, the steeplechase jockey who had a good win over Sheet Anchor in the Melbourne Cup, gave presents to the value of abont £500 to those employed in Mr. Thomas Wilson's stable. The lad who looked after the horse he presented with £300, three others received £50 each, and every female in the place a silk dress. The totalizator Is rapidly extending the sphere of its operations. At a recent meet ing of the Port Elizabeth Tnrf Club the machine was used for the first time. On the first day £707 went through, but at the end of three days over £4,000 had been Invested. 44 Nemo" of the Sydney Mail advocates the j adoption of the totalizator in New South Wales as the only means of checking the alarming increase of bookmakers. The starting at Goulbrun, says " Nemo," was effected by means of Mr. Harry Pavten's patent system, the Chronophone, and was entirely successful. Since Mr. Payten tried this apparatus at Randwick he has made some necessary improvements, especially that of substituting for the ball, which was found too heavy, an arm which drops simultane ously with the sound of the gong, so that the jockeys can both hear and see the signal for , the start. There is a possibility of a very exciting match in England next year. Before the Cambridgeshire Lord Hastings, the owner of Melton, challenged Mr. Hammond to run St. Gatieu against the Derby winner at weight for age. Mr. Hammond could not accept then, as the Saint was heavily backed for the Cambridgeshire, but since his horse's defeat by Plaisanterie Mr. Hammond has made an oner to run St. Gatien against Melton at weight for age over the Ascot Cup Course for any amount up to £20,000. The Cup Course at Ascot is 2J miles in length, and very severe, there being two hills to negotiate. At the recent Canterbury Meeting in New Zealand £38,000 was put throngh the totalizator in four days. Writing of the Goulburn Meeting and Raven, the winner of the Bracelet Race, "Martindale" in the Town and Country, says" If any one had backed Raven for all | the bracelet races, they would have done well At this meeting he scored both bracelets, and was ridden upon each occasion by Mr. Acraman, who is in the opinion of all pood judges the best amateur rider we have in the colony. On Raven he is all at home, and has a wonderful good opinion of the old son of Winchelsea's capabilities," Mr. EL Acraman, the gentleman spoken of, is a Bon of Mr. John Acraman, of Walkerville, and he has several times ridden at our Hunt Club meetings. Actceon" in the Canterbury Times says : —" Adding up the sums gained by Norden feldt and Trenton at the recent V.R.C. meeting, I find that up to the present this season the progeny of Musket have won in stakes the good round sum of something close on £7,000. Of this sum Nordenfeldt has contributed £3,340, Fusillade £1,280, and Trenton £1,119. The remaining sum is made up by the victories of Soudan, Waitiri, Artillery, and Wood Nymph, last season St. Albans was at the top of the tree among the winning stallions of Australasia with the total of £10,623, so that it will be seen what a splendid commencement the progeny of Musket have made to place their departed parent at the top this season, for with only three months or so racing over, they have already succeeded in putting together consi derably more than half the sum gained by the progeny of St. Albans throughout the whole of last season." Trenton arrived in New Zealand at the end of last month, and the papers are talking of the probability of his meetmg Stonyhurat at weight for age. After the Wagga Cup Minerva was trans ferred to the charge of Mr. W. Forrester, of | Warwick Farm. All Gold, the up-country three-year-old who has run so well lately, has joined Mor rison's string at Flemington. Mr. E. Weatherby who has handicapped for the English Jockey Club since the death of Admiral Rous, has resigned. The Jockey Club has a Lord for a starter now, and Lord Westmoreland is spoken of as likely to succeed Mr. Weatherby. A mile is generally considered quite far enongh for a two-year-old to race, even at the end of the season, but at a recent New market Meeting, Substantiff, a two-year-old, won the Feather Plate distance (2 miles and a quarter). The practice is regarded as some what barbarous by English writers, and 1 do | not wonder at it. Borne years ago Mr. Gabriel Bennett ran a very promising two year-old colt called Triton in a 3 mile racs. The colt ran a desperate race and split Nimblefoot and Dolphin at the finish, but he never was any good afterwards, and so far has been a failure at the stud. "Augur" says that Sardius keeps im iroving, and that Tothill intends putting *m into slow work shortly. Betting on the next Melbourne Cup has commenced already : 5,000 to 50 each has been taken Nordenfeldt. Philip Augustus, Blairgowrie, and Dividend. A marvellously quick telegraphic feat (saps thfe Qtago Daily Times) was performed in wiring the result of the Melbourne Cup to New Zealand, As soon as the first horse paBBed the winning-post his name was flashed to La Perouse, the Australian terminus of the cable, letter by letter of course. Ab each letter was received it was cabled to Waka puaka, and there the operation was repeated to Wellington, the result being that before the last letter had left the Flemington Course the first was known in Wellington. In other words, the result was known in Wellington 35 seconds after the race was won, and almoBt before the gallop at which the leaders in the struggle rushed past the post had been reduced to a canter. The disputed wager between Mr. P. Glenister, the well-known bookmaker, and Mr. R, A. Watson, of the Paragon Hotel, Circular Quay, which (says the Sydney Sportsman) has formed one of the principal topics of conversation in sporting circles for some days past, was investigated by the committee of Tattersall's on Monday evening, and after a moat patient hearing extending over four hours there was a unanimous ex- ' presBion of_ opinion that the wager Mr. WatBon claimed to receive had never been laid. There was something like a colourable foundation for the claim in a letter from Mr. Glenister, wherein he made mention of having laid Mr. Watson the double, Norden feldt and Sheet Anchor, but this the com mittee were satisfied was an inadvertent error committed in the hurry of business, the name of Nordenfeldt having been unwittingly substituted for that of Newstead. es 