COUNTRY JSEWS. fFrom our own Correspondents.] WOKUUNA. November 4. ' Warm weather, and farmers' genuine, M cork-screw grins and muscle-puckered faces, ? predominate. We were visited last week ? by light galloping showers and Scotch mists. I Irish mist is urgently required to replenish ? water receptacles. We have mi9t J (missed) tbe raal ould Oirish mist very - 1 much tbis year, but we mist-ake (must I take) and malie the mist, (most) of whatever ' mist we mar receive. Hay-making is about concluded, but the j\ area cut here is very small. The generality ' of the crops are — | As neat and clean j As can be seen, Entirely free from foreign grain, I No oats, nor drake, nor cockspurs reign j In these western mallee lowlands, 1 Except in cases rare. I Some of our farmers still resort to the j antediluvian mode of hay-making. Many ' of them are amateur wheat-growers. With scythe and hand rake We gather and mow, - It makes the back ache A All day stooping low. J When we've good crops of grain ^fl And good prices doth reign, ^H I said when, ^H Yes, oh ! then, ^| When in better position, ^ To the joy of the spine, To the depths of perdition, I Adam's tools we'll consign, And invest In the best — A cure for back-aching, A mower for mowing, A horserake for raking, A sower for sowing, Or shaker for shaking Tbe seed in the ground ; A drake-screen for drahing Contrivance for making j The note called a pound ; 1 An oven for baking, A liquor for slaking The thirst when on wakincr; Oh ! and I'll be bound, Some fair one be taking To fry eggs and baking (bacon), ! If she's to be found. j This land is now besprinkled with the fair ' and rare, and sunburnt cockatoo, j Wokurna, once the home of the timid emu ] and manly kangaroo. j There is another class of beings here. i They are rather numerous, and lead a hum- Jl drum existence, batching for life — viz,, ^H bachelors. ^H We know how to batch, ^H But we cannot catch ^ A partner ; I We lead a life,- j Without a wife, . J We live iu a land of mallee and sand, I Position not grand, we've no command j O'er vulgar, filthy lucre. j There are divers opinions concerning the - probable average of the wheat crop, but the ft general opinion is from five to seven bushels 1 per acre. ] But you can't judge by the cover of a book, Nor guess the average of wheat by its look, Especially when its whiskered. A Broughton Extension farmer relates the following thrilling and exciting adven ture. He was slowly proceeding / To Muudoora town Of tramway renown, when he beheld a sight which made His heart palpitate, And blood circulate, Furiously. It was a snake sneaking across the road with six infant snakes In Brown's cows style, Or Indian file. Quietly sneaking after her the hero cleared the road for action with a great mallee stick, he Hit her a crack Which broke her back j Immediately 1 Her infants, scenting danger, then began M Wriggling aud squirming, fl Sister and brother, ^H Twisting and twirling j^H Around each other, l^M In the shape of a ball. ^M With an aim true and quick fl He played hard at the ball, V With his good mallee stick J He killed seven in all, I RIVERTON, November 11. j The weather is very cold and boisterous 1 for this time of the year, being very un- \ favorable for hay-making, which is now general throughout the district. The yield will be very fair considering the dry winter we have had. A larj:e area of land will be mown this Tear in this and the adjoining districts. Several farmers state that red rust has made its appearance, but it is hoped it will not do much damage to tha crops. I On the 9th inst. sports were held here for m the purpose of obtaining a banner for the Juvenile Foresters' Court. There was a large number of the rising generation pre sent to witness the events, everything pass ing off well. In the eveuiug a concert was held in the Institute before a good audience, who were well pleased with the entertain ment, which consisted of instrumental music, songs, glees, and amusing comedy farces. Parts were taken by Mre. Gordon, Misses Neil, Winscheid, C. Ferrier, L. Kelly, Vincent, Shepherd, Messrs. Fordham, Rodda, Merton, iSpooner, Masters Kae- J shagen, Dooiette, Annear, Browning, and ^| H. Ferrier. The best song of the evening ^H was ' The Ghost of Benjamin Binnis,' by ^H Mr. Spooner, which fairly brought down ^J the house. Mr. Spooner is a new-comer to- V these parts, and is a decided acquisition, ? his get-up and singing this song being M splendid, while his fsircial contortions were ? awful to look at. Mention should also be ? made of the manner in which Miss Sissy I Ferrier accompanied the singers on the ? pianoforte. 1 On Friday last Mr. W. T. Carter gave in aid of the Institute his elocutionary and polyopticonaphengescope entertainment be fore a very meagre audience. We have of late been so surfeited with entertain ments, &c;, that nothing but something local will go down. The second quadrille class brought its season to a close last week. I understand these dancing parties have paid the Insti tute Committee about £19 this season for hire of the hall. PORT GEttMEIN, November 1R Yesterday, the Qtlj inst., our cricketers journeyed to Melrose, 28 miles away,, to play a match wit.ii the local club. A tw.o-innings match was played, resulting in. a win for the Port team by 47 runs. The barque Kooringa azrived si this port . last week, and was brought alongside the ^ jetty to take a consignment of wool from Messrs. Giles & Smith for London, This fine vessel is 1,200 tons register, and a number of residents visited her during her etay here. Great satisfaction was expressed that the statements so often made by those interested in this port — that large vessels conld safely lie alongside the jetty — has been practically proved at last. Captain Moore expressed his perfect satisfaction with the shipping facilities, the safety of the harbor, and the dispatch he received. Nearly 2,000 bales of wool were placed on board. The vessel has gone on to Port Augusta to complete her cargo. .Reaping is becoming general, but the results are very unsatisfactory. Boisterous weather has prevailed during the last few days. BURRA, November 16. Since my last our volunteers bave under gone their sham fight in Adelaide. They are still progressing. On Saturday last the military band marched them from the rifle range through the town to the Institute. This is the first time that the band has been out. On Saturday last a man named E. Baggs had his arm broken through his cart cap sizing. It appears he, with his wife and child, were coming to the Burra, while a l horseman was going the opposite way, and ft Baggs's horse shied, and capsized the cart W into a creek. The occupants were all thrown out j but, fortunately, all escaped but Mr, Baggs. lie was at once taken to one of the doctors, and his arm was set. The last two or three days have been very hot, especially Sunday, and people are Complaining about the summer. WATERVALE, November 16. Hay-making is in full swing about here, and the crops are fairly satisfactory. There is not much wheat in this district, but some of the crops are very good, though rust is showing in some. Feed is good in some of the paddocks, good enough to yield a fair crop of hay. Judging by the reports from other parts of the colony this must be a favored spot, for the grass is stil) green and plentiful. The gardens and vineyards look well, and promise good returns. There are numbers of wild turkeys about, but they are very shy, and I have not heard of many being bagged. 