Departmental Changes. The changes in contemplation in the methods of controlling some of the important departments of State are causing most palpable tremors among the gentlemen likely to be affected. It is an open secret that both Mr. Service and Mr. Berry are entirely in accord in the view that the only way to obtain efficiency in some branches is to secure the service of a good layman of administrative ability for general supervision of office details and to couple with him where needed a thoroughly good professional mat for performing the duties which lie within his province. The experiment will most likely be made first by dividing the office of Commissioned of Titles between a first class conveyancer of the one part and another gentleman selected for his qualities as administrator of the other part. The experiment will prove costly, but it is thought will conduce to efficiency. At the present time the Com- missioner is expected not only to control his staff of ex- aminers and clerks, which latter are continually being aug- mented, but to right all the wrong real and fancied wrong of suitors weary of the laws delay. Every three minutes or so comes to his door the rat tat of some importunate solicitor or over-anxious clerk wanting to know if that transfer is likely to be completed before the baillifs are put into his client's house. Hodge from the country, with his missus, waiting in a spring cart outside, comes to the belated Commissioner "to see after that bit of "land," and generally announces his intention to stop and see the plans prepared with his own eyes. Testy and plethoric old gentlemen, suppressing their deep desire to give the Commissioner one for his nob with their apoplectic umbrellas, enquire icily "if the depart- ment has any statistics at hand of the number of lunatics it creates per annum"; while vinegary-looking spinsters, with the court-haunting look of Dickens's Chancery ghosts impressed upon their attenuated faces announce their intention of "sitting on them steps until they gets their certificate," and in proof produce a lunch which they have brought with them for the purpose of carpet-bag reticule dimensions. It is not extraordinary that "these things exasperating are to a highly suscept- ible Commissioner," and that his highly remunerated duties prove to be more of talk than work. A good interviewer, more affable in his manners, and awe inspiring in his deportment, is required' and the only difficulty in the way is the baubee question. Mr. T. Prout Webb, the present temporary administrator of the Department is bidding high for the Commissioner- ship at an increased salary, and is doing such excellent work that it is quite likely no immediate change will be made; and it is understood that at, say £2500 a year, Mr. Worthington, who once vigorously adminis- tered the office during an interregnum, might be induced to accept it en permanence. 