ITEMS OF NEWg- Amongst tlie business of importance transacted in tlie' Legislative Assembly lasf night, was, (the consideration of the Licensing Bill in commit-; tee. A nuoiber of Clauses were disposed of,; nfter a little disoussiori had taken pjae'e onieaoK.! Profussor Pearson's Amoridment oh Clause 89,' provoiitirig publicans giving a bill of sale over furniture,' was negatived, arid the Clause adop- Led qy 33 to 2U vols. On Wednesday; the Bhcenix Co., at Rush- worth, cleaned up for a yield of 505 oz 10 dwt' of gold from 300 tons bf stone. ? The Military Ball that took place at Sand hurst 011 Wednesday night was a brilliant suc cess, and thero were aboui 100 couples in attend ance. Amongst the visitors wore Lieut-Colonel and Mrs' Aitken and Lieutenant Wnjlaca of Castlemaine. The music was supplied by qlpnaW glian's siring band. . It wuuld appear from cable messages received- to-day that unloss the Great Powers interpose,, Turkey will srion be involved in a' war witlii the States, whioli have revolted against tho rule'' of "the Sultan.' The conference of ambassadors of the Powers was to have assembled at Gon- stautinople yesterday. In the meantime, Tur key is making extensive war preparations,.: and' Servia, Bulgaria, and the other States are doing . likewise.- . In tbe Supreme Court yesterday, probate as- granted' to the wills of the following' deceased persons: — yVillmm Bone, L2300 ; 'Patriqk: Fahey, L700 ; Bridget Eraser, L1270 ; Maiy Hawthorne, L1546; Jame3 Tredale, L3425 ; Henry Mqorehead, L3123 ; ; James- Murray,. L31.399 ; Hannah Masters, L3797 ; John M'AUeer, L1892 ; John' Perrtn; L743 ; Conrad? Reigelhuth, L1050 ; Charles ' Fleming Smith,. L5319 ; Henry Taylor,5 L884 ; Elizabeth "Walsh, L059 ; Thomas Garrett, L1250 ; Patrick Fran cis Kemia,.L1050 ; James Niven, L1572. Mr Freebody, Superintendent of tho Bppo- voient Asylum, is evidently taking time by- the forelock. At (he Borough Council meeting last evening, a letter was received from that gentle man, asking, by direction, for the use of the' Cump Reserve on Boxing arid New Year's Days, for tlie purpose of ' holding sports in aid of the local charities. Tho writer also deqire'd tri know upon wliat ferins the graud- staiid could be' let. The letter was riot dealt with directly ,biit referred ; tea select committee of the yhole Couhcil'to report upon. It was pointed qut that thero was pleDty of time yet befoie taking prompt, action? in the matter. ' - , ' ' The Ballarat Champion Pigeon . Shooting: Match-terminated yesterday, tlie firat and f qcoud prizes, aimiuntiiig 10 L250, being divided by Mr J. S. H-iljand, of Ballarat, and Mr E. Co-ik, of Pirion Yallock. The fullowiug were the scores without a mis3 :— Holland. 27 ; Cook, 20 ; H. Petliii, Malclon, and D. M'Donald, Ballarat, each 16, divided L35 ; J. Whitehouse and J. Smith, Ballarat, each 15 (5th and Ctli prizes, L10 each) : Messis Fish, J. Clark, Bird, Peppin, Pascoe, J. Calvert, Murray, Pepper, W, Calvert, Pay ton, Suuderuwre, Nobcs, Purdue, Cleverly, and Her bert each killed eight birdsorituf nine, arid divided L20. A short time ago, the Borougli Council sent a communication to the Chief Commissioner of Police, asking that there bo a re-establishment nf the pulico station at Barkers Creek, in con sequence of thero being some damage done to property within ihe past few weeks. At .the meeting of the Council last evening, a re ply was received from.MrChomle.y t p'tbe . effect that enquiries had been made into tho matter, and from wliat could be learnt, the prespnt staff uf pulico at Ciistleinaipe was sufficient to afford ample protection to that portion of tbe Bprough. Tlie Chief Commissioner of Police also sot forth 111 his letter the number and nature of crimes that bad been committed at Barkers Creek in bye-gone years. The South Castlemaine Cricket C|u.b open: tli,e cricket season op Saturday gritli. a. niaicl!. First Eleven v. next 18 ; ploy. to. start at 2.30 sharp 011 a matting wicket. First' Eleven — Campbell (3). Thomas, 'Todd, Leany, Smith, Nowiands, Portwine, Donovan, ' and Grose. The Eighteen — Cardwell, Cunnaclc, Cook, Earle, Watkins, Zercho (2), Wedd, Grose, 'Dougherty, Martin, Costello, Dvis, Wallace, Leech, Stark (2). Greonsides, M'Callum, and Hutchinson. The ciubbavo quitp a list of. trophies this season. Tlie principal ones are two gold medals fur bat ting and bowling averages, arid a trophy by W. H. Newlands, E--q., for fielding. Chore is also trophies for'the Junior Elevens, viz., a silver medal for batting averages, and a silver locket-, arid also'aball presented by J. Jackson,- E6q., for bowling averages, and several other trophies aro proiriised. ' " The Bracelet meeting of the Sandhurst, Mai- don, and Baringhup Club took place at the lat ter place on "Wednesday. There was"ago'6dT attendance, including a number of ladies The; following are jhe results':— Bracelet Slakes.? — ; First Rourid.h-Queen bf Spades beat Bloodred, Beeliive Boxor beat Beehive Lady, Himalaya: beat-Tonic Beer, Princess beat Ringwood, Rose-, maty beat War Cry, Burnt Creek beat Ruby,: Oboron beat Black Wattle, Maritana beat Lucy, i Hop Bloom beat Brewers' Traveller, Bold Rupert; ran a bye. First Ties!— Queen of Spades beat: Beohive Boxer, Princess beat Himalaya, who was drawn lame, Burnt' Creek beat Rosemary,: Oberon beat Maritana, Bold Rupert beat Hop' Bloom. Second Ties.— Burnt Creek beat Queen: of Spades, Princess beat Bold Rupert, Oberon ran a bye. Sapling. Stakes. —First Round.—: Prattle beat Rufus, Baringhup Lass beat Iciole, Herveater heat Modesty, Snowdrift beat Hearts ease. ' - ; During tho past twelve nipntliB the members of the Castlemaine Volunteer Fire Brigade haye had six competitions iri b»se practice for /four men. This was considered a prudent course to take by Ihe Captain and committee, and the: principal object in view wns to induce the men to be regular in their attendance at practices, as well as making tiierii proficient in their work.: The compftition consisted :of three teams. with four men in each, the prizes being gold medals to the successful team, /' Tlirougliout the men: were very rtfgular in at lending the competitions, and the' team" that won comprised Second Lieut. W. M'Lean, Fireman W. Leeden, First Lieut.: T. F. Campbell, and Fireman J. Hayes. On each medal, which' is of the Maltese cross do-, sign, the name of each of the foregoing firemen1 is .engraved,' together with - the name of the Bri gade and the date. They were procured from. Mr Coombs' jewellery shop, and reflect great credit upon that gentleman for tbe neat and finished style in which they-.were..made.... The jngdals were presontecj by Paptpj|i l|jg|iql|r to the respectivo winncfB at ari ordiuary mqgting pf the Brigade in the Town Hull last night. The Fryerstown Minstrels gave a successful ontortni'nment :_iri"tho 'M"oohaiiieBr" Ihsti'tuto - on )Vednesdy evening ipsf. ;The hall; wgs literally crammed , scores not boing able to" gain 'ad in it- tariog. The performance was far the bonetit of tlie -Miners'. Association funds, on wjiich there has Boon. a. grpat: strain dpring the past fo'w months on aecourit of' the Jargo 'number of acoi- depts thqt have occurrod to tjio miners, agff. eop- soqueptly flio funds iiave, been soverqly taxed. TI10 pr'oqeeds of the oqneert will be a weloome addition to thp accidpnt fuqd. . Tjio" porfiirninnco commenced by the5 usubi'cirole ; Messrs Few guson, Stevons, Kennedy; and O'Brien. The cor- nef nion; caqaqil/gfpat niprrimprit ,by.l|ioir oqegn- tricities and locpl conripdruEng," which were re ceived with- great applause by the 'audience. McaSta Buiirr,; Saunders; Morton, Cock, Qlp|i, and Addison sang their respeotivp songs, which were evidently muoli'apprecialed'by th'e audience. Tljg concluding faroe, "The Four O'olrickTraiu,1" was admirably gone through/byMr W..A.. Reid as MriDismali MrlButler as Pomp'eyiflr Slier- lock as: Ghost; causing ruiirs' of laughter.- Tlie singing of the D National " Arilhem" by . the Minstrels brought the' oqi)cert;tb'a olosej'iind the crowddispefsed'highly pleased itjj'tbe'e'venjn's oritortaiiinieiit: 1 1 ' ' " '! V "" ' \- »T|ie Revenue returns for the quarter onding '30th'Septeniber have been issued by the Govern- niqnf Printer. Tjie total roveriue for' the past quai'ter'is pot doivri 'at Ll,424,757. "or' L23,968 less tliari 'for ' the corresponding 'period 'tof :last year. 'There is; lipiyever,' a net ' iiicrenp on' tlie year as compared with 1884 of L193, 482. Under the head qLCustqms. there is;an ipcrpase in the, quaner-juBt ' closed, - over the similar- period of) .last year, of L20,204 ;wliilp.in ,Exoige apd In-! ' laud' Revenue 'there is ri fplling ' i/fif of 'L3I,508.- In Tuirifprjaj . ReyeiijaeJ jlie Septpmqpr. quarter of tliis yea'f ffiffpfp by .egqipjrjsqii 'yyjtji that ofj 1884, np tjipg is decrease ,. (If Lpi.i'fP,.- -.The; feyepug fyom pqbjjcjWprkg ajiqwa a docreeesipf L2200. Under the heading-Post and Telegraphs there is a decrease' of L3200. There is a' differ ence in Fobb, in fayorir of? the. 1884 quarter of; L9000,'but'Tih Misceljaneous the "comparison is; on tbe right side, as compared with, tho cprres-; ponding? - peripd'' tof last ' year; ' tho'5 figpres: shqwirig an ijicroasri for the past;? ! qriartor . ofj The custoriis colleptiqn? at tlje port (if Bris j bane for (he past quarter amounted to L144,327, ? being an increase" of L14.524 on tKe corrcspoiid-! ing quarter |cist yej. , - . . 1 I During the voyage of the Austral whim in the; Red Sep fivo . deaths pccurred in twp days. Tliqy i are alleged to have been caused by drinkitig iced ; water, but: there is a suspicion that there - riiay j have brien case? of elioiera. ' 1 ' During the past week three men have been found dead close to Bourke. Joseph O'Neall, who was well-known there, had been in bad health. Edward Burns, for two years employed by Mann, Carey, and Co., was found by his mate dead in his bunk, In the case of tho""man sup- i posqd . to bp Upjohn,, the ex-hangman of .. Via- ; toria, the coroner ' seeing "that death bad ,!rp-! suited ffoni natural caqsgs, held no ipqpest. A- telegram froiii Wilcanriia states that an . encounter has 'taken place, at the Caiwiirrri s.ta- ; tion betweeii thp police' arid a man named' Gra- ham. - Constable Bolster; accompanied by Mor- ; den and q blackracker, discovered Graham; who; wns.'wanted tor borne swindling transaction, ! hidderi 'oti the station. He refused to surrender, j and ran away; ; followed by?, the, constable-', on | horseback. Graham attempted three tirries. to : shoot Ihe constable, but- the. caps- anappsd. The ; constable thereuprin Bitot Graham- dead. An in- j quest was lieidi at which a 'verdict , of justifiable; homicido was returned. . ; .i ' . A telegraph messenger, named ' Thomas; 'M'liieruey, met' with an extraVirdiriijry' escape' 'from' 'death atSydney. . In. turning, tlieflnn'ge of? "his bicyole . caught in tho metals," and lie waaj thrown headlong on the 'tramline. The motor! being scarcely ton feet . awqy,'. dashed i iip andj sent the machine, several yai'ds, and MIInerney; fell with his head .and neck across the rails, but; bad the presence nf mind to wriggle backwards.; Had he remained two seconds/longer on the? rails, decapitation 'and death must liavo followeff : as it ri'as impossible for tlie driver of tho tram to: stop. - . .. .. - .. . : The first step in the direction, of solving the; interesting .social problem, " Why don't the men' marry was taken, in the Assembly on Wednes-i day by Mr Shnekell,. who moved for. a- return; showing the number of bachelors in- the colony? between the agea of twonty-fivo and fifty years, and giving the number of each particular ago.be ) tween tbe age's specified. :'TiiB object of -tbe: hon. member is 'to have the- material prepared; by the State wlnch'he will require jvhen, the; limo comes for asking the House to 'express /an: opinion in fayorir. (if the imposition of a poll-tax. upon bachelors.: No opposition was ofiered.-.toi the mqtipri, arid tji'e return tyas therefore ordered! to be' prepared/'. ; : : - Messrs'- J. C. Walker' and Co. shipped on; Wednesday for England hy the steamer "Austra lasian the first consignment ;rif stud sheep wliichi has boon sent there from "Australia. It cojn- prised (says the. ' Argus'j lfi pure jCamep mori-t noes, direct descendants of the original Cnmdeni merino sheep,: first imported in Australia abbutl 80 years ago by. ihe late Sir W, .Mocartljur. These are the property ( f the-Hon. \VmrCariip- bpll, who kept the flock pure, and it is believed' that tbere are none of the Camden brood now in! existence oxcept this 'flock. ?' >? ? .. - ; j Some of the tales in the Arabian Nights ap-i pear wonderful with regard to the stories t'old! of the fabulous wealth - obtained in tho strangest j manner, and the following' account seems more' extraordinary 'than many 'rec irded ? in tliiitj charming : book of - wonders. - About- a year ago- (remarks - the ' Herald ') : a gentleman visited i Mount Gipps station on the Barwen Ranges nenr: Silverlon, and whilst tbere was rnuch impressed; with some of the discoveries in the neighbqur-l hood, one of, which was the, now wpli«knpwn, j Brokori Hill alaiin: - The'mariager'bf the station,, who was his host, was the possessor of two ? -fourteenth shares, arid was not indisposed" to part with one of:liis'share»Vbut'tbe prioe was h"; matter upon which thoy could hot agreo.1 Evpri-i tually it was settled that a game of euchre should'! determine whether the price, shonld'.bp L100 or! L120. " The game Was' played, 'arid the would-? be purchasep Inst, and thus hqff to. pqy L120 for' the'sbara'-'whibb' tsecame lii's prbpe'rty.'r' H'e lias! sinoe left tho cplony. fqr a visit to thp old country! still holding the .shgre; arid which 'is to/day: readily saleable at about L36.000. Speb. things; appear wonderful and.qtrange, but tlie- abpye- witbout giving names is a fact. A case of some interest to tho mnrcantilo com-? munity was concluded at the Sydney ' Police! Court on Wednesday. The case bad reference! to a' serious robbery committed' at the store's of Mesqrs Virgop, Son', and Chapman, inipotepp. ' A quantity of stores bavipg been misged, stock was taken, when it was fo|ind that ff27"cases of Foster's pale aie, 130 casosof sardines, and large quaptitieq of. other merchandise, valued alto gether at LI, 430 16s, haff bg.eri abstracted. Five men were arrcstod at diffpienV tiippi! riamod respectively Wm. Chandler. Wiljiam Sf. Lone- han, Thomas Hordy, Barney Israel, and Arthur Ryan. Lenohan was head storeman tor tile firm, and Hardy assistant sturemari. Chandler had formerly been a storeman. On the appli cation of the police, Ryan hud Israel were' dis charged, and .their evidence accepted'fpr'lho pro secution. The aialenienla made by Ryan went to show that ("opds bid beep carted' aiiny from the fi nil '« stores and sold in various parts or the town and suburbs.' Tbe prisoners when afiked if they had anything to spy for theijigelves, re plied that they wore innocen t of the charge, and that the evidence of Ryan was fabricated. The prisoners were committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions, but werp admitted to bail in heavy sureties. Only about L200 of the missing goods has.been recovered. . 