JA'cbd nntler-pinning often makes cnen havoc witll?rge structures and small hahi., Asociable man is one who, when he has ten minutes to spare, goes and bothers some. .Iaodn-rwlsoJlasn5Ot.l \--Iis'-dt1 htr f if- i -rok has an eye a Egypt. Ihcother h?,st engaged- in watchin, tile horho 6f'tlhf Reichstag. .An.old maidemay toss her head and laugh at the .ideaesoi-mirriae, hut- in that er Ilaugh;shogoesi ",He.lho l hel " e Bdme one has written a.work on." flowf to grow' old." .It strikes- us the best Way t grow old is not to die young. ".He that loves noise must buy a pig,"ss a Spanishi proverb..,In tmost cases a baby ,will'answer just aswell. The:latest invention is a clasp to fastet the. bedclothes :to. the bedstead, and kee restless -husbands -from. 'kicking Ithe kinen off'! their.spouses. Don't fret if you- cannot go into society The oyster is often present at a supper ab.n he-wbnid perhaps prefer- to be at home ie his bed. It is:a:great, misfortune not to have mini enough to talk well, nor-judgment enough t be silent. - : Apollowas held to-be the god of physic ani sender of diseases. Both were originall n the same trade, and still continue. -"FMy smoking days are -over," as the fac tory -chimney remarked: when it was con deimnedas-injurious.to publie health. : He was going down town yesterday, ni! two dozen'eggs in a paper bag,when the bet tom fell out. However,.with a little pit the bag can be made:; as.good as ever. i One evening, at a socialgathering, a youan lady played a piece of -music consisting twenty-four pages. The press man, isnre ferring:toit .next dayj said: "They wner favoredewith music:by the'quire." A French wit, of a postioflice turn of mind evolves the following: A-" married swor is a-letter:which has reached.its adulrecs. -oung girl is a letter not yet addressed. A bid-maid is a letter which has been forgqotte ihd sent to the dead-letter oflice." i It was his first dinner, at which hi flon a "programme printed in.French, and, aftn examining the bill-of fare intently from to to bottom, he called to the-waiter, and lein' ng to the word "menu "- at the top, sail 'Fetclsme a dish of that for a start." A lawyer walked down tile street ye?stcl: day with his length of arm, taxed tn hold lot of law books. "iWhy, I thoughr t so carried all that stuff in your head !" do," quickly replied the lanwyer, witih a keno inlg wink. "These are for the Supreme Ceo judlges." ' " The worst thing in connection with tk sort of business is," said thie bank cnashiier t himself as he packed the valuables awavri his valise, that~one has- gobt. to leavent! country; but," he added,, as-he nlade ra that the safe was entirely empty, etl country.is the only thing- that I will learse And it was. " Give me the money or-I shall be fore: to do a thing-that I have-never yet been ael to do in my life." Monsieur du Tas t: out-his.pocket-book, gave it to thie ratb?. knd said to him, 0' Now that youe have srt:i ped me,:may- I ask what. you would hsr done 1' - The .-bandit,-looked- at his slti: coollyi and replied, " I should have workat The youngest officer who fought at Watei loo is dead., Dead, remember. Dead as stone. - Dead as a doornail. Dead certai! :After this anybody (F am now- instructed b the proprietor to say) who sends this paur -alagrap h: about the death of a Waterle veteran must pay:far it as an advertisemen with thei understandingalso;thatit isinserte 'at his own proper peril. A: masher httracted -some attention i Collins street .lasti week. by reason of hi collar, on which was: pencilled, "Pay Joe as.;" "hair oiland tbaccb;o," "1 MaSry Smythe; and- sundry other- notes. - He had, in a mn? ament of- forgetfulness, put one of his cullffso his neck without noticing that it was th identical one which he had previously usedis r memorandum book. i He-wanted a kiss; but didn't know howt ask for it, and was so honest that he woui aot steal it, so he said--" Ethel, I notice thn Tou- are fond-- of- kissing babies," when nI: stopped him- by quietly remarking--"Ye are mistaken,:George; for 'Ihave nevershon: my regard for you-thlat way." Hie did na linish his speech. FHatters complairn of a depression in tral: IIet them use stiffer material in their worl and then deinression will be impossibleunle, -with a loaded stick. Of cnlurse it is a tia where lack of work will be little felt. : Thie United States .has 17,000 dentist pnractising. Great Cesar's ghost! What standing army. They alone could pull thui country out of any awkwanrd trouble, an few nations would care to face tlhenl and thni forceps. They, thrive because Y'ankees ar inordinately fond of restaurant Ilie. " I was examining a witness in a c, once," said a well-known lawyer, "and i :was very drnrlik. It was about a horse, I Iwhich damages were wanted by thie one: on account oif ai botch-which-a nirse.-clipiJ had made in shaving thie animal's tail. T Iwitness had seen the work done. aId ihim if he had held tile horse's tail while i; swas being-shaved. Ho shut one eye, a! looking at me with the iother, lie -answeriI 'Eshatewushi one of zhem (hic) 'ines Oth: could hIold his own tail.' .I Lost thie ccase. " My soil, renmembnher thatgreat lness do, e: depend- on size. IThe bull-annt is reat.t'i! girntffeis lig. You will recognis tr, trunthri this'axsiomnwhenl you take-youriest giirltoi 'picnic and warble love woirds tlo icr nehie: 'an, ant- lill. So will thei girl if she ,to nrt": -yollr knee,~ and does not keep wecll coIr that portion of her which is, acc~linsee civilisedfasshion covered well with t tinlat: and most alluring of hosen. In thie hI-tini of getting up you will lirobablv, onart:: let not-that trouble you, for your girl wii!i' by that time far away, andu in smle rcn spot whlere tihe wicked eye of man c:annlot' her removing bull-ants from amidsiether unCi igarmenture." A man c'sught a flathead at Qnecenseliti other daycwhich ,had.n Waltham nwatchi: Iits stomach. It Was a long-heanded flat-i1 that dhose thlat particular kind of watch : iswallow. The qestion may now be argt by anyone who hes the time--which I ha: not--as to whether thie fish in question tn the bait in order to-have the watch wno! Up if eveen on a line. The manncger of tii W'ltham Watch Company will--i?f he .ril pens to'see it-be able to judge from int paragraph tiat I am one of the per-ron have a morbid antipathy to anachronin The Waltham watch.should be inn thie p session of every conscientious historian the day, the year or the age. Tine "old chr nsometer sort is maost to my taste, tlhough eF: a really good silver one would bie icerib~ by me as an heirloomn. This is nlt inltecn as a hint, though, if it should bIe taken 5 sudh, the-er- testimonial to my taki might be sent-to me in care of th'e edite: and--um-a policeman. It is alnways ! to be on the safe side, even of your triene The safe side of your friends is tile blin! side. THE REFERiENCE. 'Tis sweet to hear on moonlit lake 'The voice of one we love. Such scenes will oft emotion nwake S •That lead to thoughts above. : 'Tis swreet to still the'soundls of 01riie, A-nd soothe, those wiho have lkd; \- Buit nothing's half so swcetin life As lying late in bed. h S' You're sitting on the style, Mary, said, bending over the chair in which she at. i" Never misnd mybustle," she snapped,. 