? BISHOP MOORHOUSE AT CHEWTON. There was a large congregation at St. John's Church last night to hear the Lord Bishop of Melbourne preach, several persons being unable to gain admission to the sacred edifice. A num- ber of worshippers had to stand, all the available sitting accommodation being utilised long before the hour arrived for the commencement of the service. The Rev. B. Reed and Mr Kay read the lessons and prayers. The Bishop of Melbourne took for his text the words "Thy kingdom come" from St. Matthew, 6th chap. 10 verse. These words, he remarked, had been differently interpreted, the one being as a prayer of Christ for his followers to adopt, the other a historical view of a kingdom. Christ had spoken of the Kingdom of Heaven, but a Mes- siah was expected to found a kingdom on earth. The promise made to David was that his seed would last till the latest generation, as long as thrones endured. This was not the conception of a kingdom evaporating into a spiritual one, but a real kingdom. Daniel looked upon such a one that would come and have no end. The Messiah was expected to come in a blaze of light to rule over armies, to break enemies asunder, and to found a realm governed by love and righteousness. So, too, when John the Baptist came his idea was the same, but the nucleus of the conception was obscured. To history succeeded interpreta- tion, which was that our Redeemer came for the purification of the world, and for spiritual development. The worldly elements that over- lay the idea of the coming of Christ had to be purified into the spiritual, and this was done by Christ bringing out the spiritual lineaments of His kingdom, which was to spread over the earth and be within the soul. It was to bring with it righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. The rich man was to find it as difficult to enter into the Kingdom of Heaven as for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle. But why they might ask did Christ say this of the rich man, who by his versatility, his indus- try, his perseverance, had acquired wealth. It took much loss in those days, much sacrifice to follow Christ on the part of the rich, who wished to carry with them their wealth, their self-con- ceit, and their sins. With such encumbrances the gate was too narrow for them. How then was the entrance to be gained? St. John told them, "Except ye be born again ye cannot enter into the Kingdom of God." Christ constituted a new life of humanity when he said, "Unless ye eat my flesh and drink my blood ye cannot abide in me." The Kingdom of Heaven meant the coming of Christ into the hearts of living men and women, and the kingdom for which we pray was to bring us into union with Christ. This was the meaning of the prayer, "Thy kingdom come." The first thing of importance was the spiritual union, so that we would be with Christ when He came. Were they ready to welcome Christ, who was knock- ing at the door of their hearts for long years? "Behold I stand at the door and knock." Would they not open the door of their hearts and let Him in. Was there one so ungrateful as to hear the appeal and keep close the door of the heart. If we said to Him abide with me from morn to eve, we are ready to follow the Lamb wheresoever he goeth, this was right. Yes, to follow him not merely through paths of pleasure, but wheresoever He went — in pains, in blood, in self-sacrifice. God grant this was so with you, for then they were Christians, not so by name or profession, but true Christians who knew the meaning of the words, "Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven." The closest attention was paid to the Bishop during the delivery of this emphatic discourse, which contained in it much originality of treat- ment. To- night the Bishop addresses a meet- ing at Newstead at the Anglican Church. 