JOHN JAY'S JOURKEY. Br Louise Ohasdlsb Moulton. Shall I begin by painting John Jay's por. trait ? I am ante dial no one elss ever painted it. The Boya! Academicians did not boo him, nor was he handsome or distinguished enough to be a temptation t) their brashes He had not even made mark enough in his time to get himself caricatured in the peany newspapers. He had.no money to waste oi photographs, so not even the eon had ma le a picture of him. YeVJohb Jaywas far from a bad-looking fellow. 1-J m wee .alsAwf Cft 1A!« m wm vvwue site. W. WWj wivu weli-knit figure. The only? beanty ofhis face was bis eyes— great. broWn, faithful eyes, with something Booh a look In them u yoe have seen in these of a high-bred, honourable dog, quite above the small deoeitB and sub terfuges of the avenge Raman being. He had brown hair, straight and smooth, aod a brown mooataohe. Hie laatares were toler ably regular, hoi in nowise striking, exoepfe in thsirexpsasfltoa. Hie ware the look of a habitual dreamer. Hiiworld was not at all the wodd of the nsonle he tived among. Other anas shone on it andothar moons ; and the dreams he dtetehflff the hopes ha hoped were ail hianWii," . Nature had done her bast to make him e poet, bat his nsewtfliiie had made him i journalist. He was a hard-working, poorly- paid literary back, living in a hand ta-moatb fashion that promised little security for hie tutors, and gave him no time to do die work whioh would really have expressed his souU His voice was singularly murieal, hot low, and hie utterance wae slightly hesitating, ai if he came out of s dream to apeak to yjd. Aod now I have painted hie portrait as yon might have seen him the day before Nee Year' in 1879. n.inl.i vnn hn.vA ln.iknJ ia at a second -story front window in a queer old honse on the Boston road in busy London. I said a queer old house, hot the honse was not so queer as it instates. People earns and weal at all hours o! the day and night in this dingy house. The landlady was a mystery. She -had corksorew our Is on each side of her tallo face, framing it in an ebon frame. She wore skimpy blaok gowns. Her voioe waa that at qatauloos woman, but her upper lip bore mooataohe many a young Oxonian might have coveted, and her stride as she walked down the Eostoosoad wastbstofagrenidier, iiftingni her sonaeteea, John Jay used tt qoote,in«hatlow, geatievoieeof bis : psadhaaaaMf woman, They are neither ghost nor human - They are ghoul. And aghoal Mrs. Lauglay might have been tokaayfotarett she showed as to the welfare It was I ped-dwd house, wad'as no on# hpdTmoto. |h« A tehgte room, and on the upper tnrimeew&lirt; hdo the mt room, it had many oeeapaata. whs mwwautoo|lha», mt unholy hoarand warn fwhr » — ... "3. ___ Tithe J»y had any aaquahilanjie. One was a little di "wiiikti, :Hwstentow by name — a slighh busy IbQs Imim. whooosupie J tbs first tro.|SkSJuhn Jy's room, and wham opsn xioorowr journalist used to p«i sooften that be led acquainted with hat, and would frataearij stop to Mi mm. good-day. She was what they call » m nou ; aaHnstoaroad was tfenlitofoea.jroa .would- - |ll%HhOoght, ia which an wt:dreasqiaker r | Unlike Mr. fitly to belong to the urodoeou old hoube, vith its smell of mould bleat with , bad- tobaoeo, its walls, whichBeemed always perspiring an unhealthy d&mpneES;, and .its unot-rtain floors, on which you stepped cautiously, with an uneasy doubt as to how long they would bold together. Tap, tap, tap, went Dan's busy hammer all. flay long over John Jay's head, but with the nightfall Gobbler Dan, like other creatures of the night, used to eteal out of dbors and prowl round, Heaven knows where. Often enough John Jay, working, late over some article, would hear him stumbling upstairs, and, though he had a hearty contempt for . the drunken little man, he was yet kind- hearted enough to listen if the cobbler got safely to his own door. How and then, When the toper had taken a little more than usual and Jay heard him fall on the staire, be would go out and piok hiin up and seebim into hia room. Drunken Dan had a lively sense of gratitude for these favours, and 011 t ie strength of this emotion considered him- 0 If a friend of John Jay's. T #sMnfc ilia AkililpMt. Tkitv kaiAYiM in " X AVr&gVPV; («»» ''J vwaVMQWW au , some way to the house, though nobody ever quite knew who owned then? ; but they were always there. They were three in number- two boys and a little girl, who seemed to have stopped growing when Bhe web not mote than a baby, and yet to be preternatur&Uj; old and wise. It spoke well for John Jay's heart that he was always good to these children, and when be had hardly money enough to keep his scanty fire alight, would bring them home, now some spples, now a bag of taffy, or a i paper with pictures in it ; and they were gratified, too, so that after all John Jay w&e; j ot quite friendless on the day before New Year's, 1879, though he said to himself that ho bad not a friend in the world. It takes a holiday — Christmas, New Year's, a birthday— to emphasise a man's loneliness- On ordinary days John Jay worked so busily that he hardly bad time to pity bimEelf, but juct of late he had had very little to do, and his purse was almost empty, save one tec- pound note, with which he never parted ; and the fire on bis hearth was low. The afternoon was dark with fog, and it seemed to him that the ghosts jeered at him. We all have our ghosts — all of us who are paBt our youth— and at Christmas time, above all, they mil have epeeoh with ns. They used to kqep merry Xmasses with ui in the old days, when Xmas ioas merry, and now they come back, .Via HIimflimaB fiaintiM with auu no nuwiv vua vh»«h«usww "v- them against our will. John Jay sat there in the foggy afternoon and watched the flickering firelight ; and the ghosts came — father, mother, sister, brother- all of them dear cnoe ; all of them dead now. And then in the firelight he -saw another vision; the fairest, ae he thought, in the whole round world. There was no place which the real Miss Florence Seyton would ; be less likely to enter than this second story room in the dingy old house in the Buston road, yet his fancy summoned her, and the firelight shimmered on her perfect form, clad in lustrous silk, on her golden hair, and the girlish beauty of her face, at once so proud ana bo lenaer. . . There was a curious feeling in John Jay a head, as if some chord there had snapped and a kind of vagueness possessed his thoughts, sc that what was dream and what was reality hi hardly knew. He bad eaten very little o: : late because of that emptiness of bis purse of which I have spoken, and this may have had something to do with the uncertainty that pervaded his ideas. He saw Florence Seyton as plainly as he saw the flickering fire neat which she stood. Florence, ne saw, Buqaeniy. no never called her (has by -her name in reality, " and even the vision seemed to resent it, for suddenly it faded and he was alone In the damp old room, with the smoky fire and the tireless mouse gnawing at the wainscot. It was 4 o'clock in the afternoon. He got up and looked down into the orowded, noisy etreet. Everybody was so heartlessly alive down there. Schoolboys were coming home for the holidaye. Carts piled with hampers from country cousins were tearing along cn their way from the Enston station. Bustling proplc on foot hurried by, their arms full of puronasee. How happy they all look,' be said to himself. Tiigoont and hurry along with the rest-' He changed his oat. The frock coat he put on was threadbare, but it offered a certain tribute to the proprieties of life, and John Jay was by no means an ill -looking man as he wont down the stair and passed the open door of Mise Ren few. He had taken his purse with all the money he had left in it, and he was bent on making a purchase or two. The night had darkened while he made bis preparations to go r ut. The street lamps winked in the fog. The wind drove toe cyla eleet in his face and the noises of the crowded' street seemed to deafen him. He pressed on to the Gower street station and took a ticket, to South Kensington. ' Where are you going, my man 1' be said to himself, but all the same he -knew very well where he was going. He got out of the train at South Kensington station and walked, to a familiar house in a familiar square a large, stately house, glowing with many lights. It was the Seyton mansion, tbe only grand houee in London to which ho had ecr been welcomed. He owed his welcome there to some articles be bad written for an infloen: , . « a ai,« TLm "Raw t'Bi journal on a m&iwr; wuiuii — SeytOD had rauoh at heart. Mr. Seyton bay. - iog read and liked the articles, sought out the author and aeked him now aud then to his houee. . , _ I said in the beginning that Nature hau made John Jay a poet. It is much the same, perhaps, as saying that Nature had made a madman. At least there could have been no madder thin than hie falling desperately in love with Mies Florence Seyton. He might as well have set hie heart on the North- Star for any good it would do him. But you 'may be sure that Miss Seyton was quite aware of bis devotion, and enjoyed it. I wonder if the candle takes pleasure in burn iog the wings of the moth ? As John Jay- walked toward the Seyton itacdca a puipose formed itself in his njind, if,; indeed, his mind wore sane enoaga to I?y real PnrF0M< tian. He said 1 to himself: . n/| ,11 T H Tmib admitted b«ee%erto-might I will take it as ab omfcttftf jgeati, afidTwill liv on, Mid struggle. U not—' But he did n>.t finish the sentence even to himself. As he drew near he could see her shadow on the blind of an upper room. She was pinning | something in her hair, he fancied—a deep- hearted crimson rose, perhaps, like one he 1 remembered. He Watched the shadow lor a little while. Then he rang the b 11. 4 Are the ladies at home ?' he aked. ' Yes, sir, but they can see no one to-night. They are dressing for a dinner party, to which thev mnAt on nat-lv. Tt ia«n ( .««... i — or v « w w.iM awajr 1 , Mr, John Jay. gave his card to the man I who had thus dashed his last hope to the ground and turned away, and the sleet. I grown stronger, buffeted him in theiaoe, and the lights winked their dtrisionat him as he -hurried hack: to the South Kensington 1 station. When he reached his old haunts on I the Buston road be made his purchases. j 1111118106 tO-njght,' he said to himself,' though I sup among tbe shades,' and he bought at an eatiug-house a paper of cold meat. Then he- visited a toy shop, and them | jib #w iu a wmaow a ouuen oi violets, and Went in for it. Thus laden, he made hia way I home. The Title dressmaker's door was opefi as usual, and be -paused in frost of it. I Her fire was bright, and she knelt before it, toast irg amuffin For the first -time he j notified thaj she had golden hair, of just the same shade as -that which crpwned the proud little head of Florecoe Seyton. She, - too, was very pretty in her way, -though he had scarcely noticed that, either, in the busy days gone by, when his heart and his handB had both been so f ill.' ' It's very good of you,5 he said, to keep your d;«or open. Ycuand vour fire make the house cheerful.' 4 I'm afraid I don't do it from any such motive,' she answered, looking up from her toasting with a smile. 4 The chimney i smokes h6rribly_ the moment the door is j shut, so I keep it open in self-defence.' All the same, yru do make it pleasanter for the . rest of us, and I brought you these violets by way of saying thank you.' Miss Renfew sprang np eagerly. She. loved flowers with all her heart, and above all flowers — violets. 4 Oh, thank yon !' she oried. 4 and 1 do hope you'll have a happy New Year. Shall you stay here V- 4 No; I am going -away. 4 A long way?' f Van a rwr\r%A SaiotiMA 9 Ato, a ftv wu uioiauuo. t 4 To a pleasant place 7' I hope so. I have never been there. I believe it is very quiet.' \- And yongo in the morning ?' ' No, . to-night. I have -my preparations to make, so good. night and abappy New Year.' To night ! - 1 hope you'll- have a pleasant, journey, but I wish it were a tetter night/ ' I shall net mind the night once that I am on Jibe road. Good bye,' 1 And John Jay went on up-stairs, and the little dressmaker sighed as 'she turned back to hex, toasting. She would fain have asked him to share her muffins, but she feared he had a seal above them and her. ffltaa « n > M M1(«I> MAte A t Jk IIIM — — ri — AMkAAkMM 4>t A XUC JUUIUItUBb WOL.ll tu HID rUUUl, WU C1Q3UO I fire he had left burned ill- naturedly, and he closed and locked the door behind him. He bad eaten nothing since morning, and be madq way with his cold meat, washing it down with a bottle of tbjn ale. Then he proceeded to inspect his other purobases. | He cut the string of his brown - paper- parcel and produced, . fleet of all, a wooden box, from whioh he extracted a toy vHlage. There were the farmhouse. | the trBB, the smaller. houses, the sheep with: tfl61a Sfftli &118y ouQ VUQ Bu66puvg ftcop | them in order, and there were the farmer and the farmer's wife, dressed just as they had been in .bis own boyhood. Nexfjpke drew iorth a box of th8 soldiers, fragile but fierce, and with the smell of I fresh paint that seemed to come to him all the w$y down from the far-off years where he and. bis dead brother and sister played together. Potor, pretty little Min ! How green The ,grfles was on her grave when be saw it last i He bad bought, for the mummy Qta girl downstairs, just such a doll as Min used tro play with, and this doll was the last 1 >Anlr fvAIVi f ho kvAftrn HOVkOI nUVYIfll tU41l:ilQ itfvn »uui «uu va\i«««s Fwvw4 I How carullyYhe set all these things out, | arrangijg them to the beet advantage, afid, ofeanwhile, awakening in his heart, all I sorts of bap-hazard old memories as a I musician striking chords at random awakens eohoes of Old songs. When2 he had finished tbe arrangement of I the r#e_ went to a little box, wbioh he un locked, and drew therefrom three letters and I a faded rose. A deep-hearted, crimson rose I it waas, and ob, how fall of ewcetness on the I nigh| when it fell from Fiorenoe 8eyton's j hairitod she bad smiled as he picked it up aud audaciously fastened it in his own buttonhole. The three letters were from her. The 'first bne said : Dsa Mb. Jay — Mamma wants to know if yon wHl . diop in to afternoon tea next Friday She would write herself, but she has a%eadacbe. ; 7 Tours sincerely, FLORENCE SEYTON. | Tbij next was a shade wanner in style : My Ds&b; Mb. Jay — How good you were to taker40 much trou ble just to please me. Thafik you so tuueb. Your cordial friend, FLORENCE SEYTON. Add' the third, was such a note as a real Meml mitihk write : My Deab Mb Jay— We are going odt of town. Come and say good bye on Saturday afternoon, and promise to miss us when we axe faraway. FLORENCE. And that was nil. For a red rose and three letters he had thrown his life away. He | went to say good-bye that Saturday in the late August, and after all lie had scarcely beenable to speak at all to Miss Sayton, so surrounded had she teen by others. And he had peYerheard from her since. She had returned from out of town and made htm no sign,, and all he had seen of her was riier shadow - on the blind in the sleety New Year's eve. He kissed the letters one by one, with a kiss- as passionate, as despairing as one presees on the lips of tbe dying, ana then threw them into the fire. Then he took the red rose and grossed that to his hps in its turn, but that he did not burn. He laid .1 that upoh his heart. I He took ten- pounds from his otherwise empty purse and put it into an envelope, and on the envelope he wrote ; | The money is for my funeral. The toys are for the children.' ' And then he carefully excluded all the outer air- He stopped the craoke about the door and the windows and lit something in a pan, and then he knelt and said a prayer — only these words : If I am wrong, may Go, who knows my heart and my life, forgive -my sin aud lead I me into rest.' ' aqu men ne tnrew mm&MZ; open nis oea and folded bis arms with a long sigh, as of ! one tired with the day's work, who waits for sleep. And lying there in; his damp clothes, strange visions kept him company. First it was Min and Ned — his sister and brother of long ego — ft bo asms out pt their graves to pass New Year's with hiin, and Min said; See, he's aeleep ;' and Ned answered : No, he's only shamming.' But Min still thought he slept, and very softly she eaug a, lullaby to her doll. Then it was bis mother, wi h her sad, tender grey eyes, who came in and said, gently : Ah, pobr fellow, he's asleep !' and j bent over him, . in mother faehiou, and I klsred his forebead, and ithen went out of the j room as noiselessly as a shadow. j i And then, Gh joy ef joys ! she came — the 1 lady of his love— even Ehe, who le'd bis | thoughts waking and his dreams sleeping, end | from .whom his soul was never parted — she Was there in his lonely, barren room. He heard the sweep of her dress across ihe uncertain floor and the tread of her baloved feet. 'I have come,' she said, bending over him eentlv and sivino him her hands to hold. I have come to comfort you. I must not love you. I aid not mean to make ycu love me. Oh, my dear, my dear 1 I am so sorry for you, so sorry.' And Bhe knelt betide him in this waking vision and lifted his head, which throbbed so strangely, to her breast, and the glory of her golden hair caught the firelight, and he felt her heart beat beneath his head, and then — ! was it her tears that fell on his face, a gentle 1 rain ? It was almost midnight when Dan, the I cobbler, came stumbling home, less un- I steadily than usual, however, for two bottles cf whiskey came with him. Oce was his New Year's treat to himself, and the other he designed as a New Year's gift to John Jay. 1 YirViof nnnlt) Via ntwa lioffav fhen nrVi -» f Vua him _ ! nuns wuris U« giTU ug utuj- i self liked best in the world ! And he oonld not let New Year go by without -making some sign of gratitude for the qaiet kindness | that had watched over his uncertain steps so | many midnights? He had even kept himself very -reasonably sober so that he might be in good form for the presentation ceremony. As he went by the little dressmaker's room he noticed that she was still np and sitting before her fire, thoogb it was long past the | hour at which she was accustomed to put out j her light. Cobbler Dan glanced in at the j I lonely little figure as he went by, but he did not speak. He went on up to his own room, left there one bottle of whiskey and his I J IiaI ai/) «Ama autm ka Tal>n Totr Utttivvicu nuu vauic uuvu v? uwuu w wj He k&ooked; at the door, but there was no answer. He shook it violenty — still no response. Then down stairs he . went and stood in Miss Renfew's still open door. 4 If your door's been Open all along, perhaps you know whether Mr. Jay is gone I cut ?' The little dressmaker did not think it neoessary to eonfess that she had kept her door open on purpose to see John Jay when he went out, and have one more good-bye I 1. JAMA LA AIA A4AJ AW 1 abk A aAMAM AM Ok A I DBaUrQ law oiHikCU v«l UiD jUUlUOj UUO 1 only said that she was quite sure he bad not j gone out, for he had looked in on his way up stairs and. told her that be was going off I that night on a long journey, and she bad j been sitting ever since where she must have seen him if heT>ad passed by. j Then he can's bave gone to shop,' cried 1 Cobbler Dsn, if he's bound for a journey ! And with that he tore up stairs again, and made noise enough on John Jay's door to I awake tbe seven elrepere,one aud all. But I there came no response, and then Miss Renfew stole gp and stood beside him, her I t&hiia; with -terror. An awfnl forebnditis bad seized her. Was the long journey to be a very long journey, indeed — too long for any man evr to make twice. Break the door open ; oh, for pity's Bake, push 1' she cried, and she pressed against it with all her poor Uti le might. Then Cobbler D »n set bis strong shoulder against it and ! burst it in. And the room was full oi the deadly fumes of burning charcoal. Dan dashed across it add threw open the window. Then he slid . Miss Renfew glanced around them." They saw the toys so care fully arranged and the envelope with tbe few wcrds written on it ; and they saw J :hn Jay, with his head at rest upjn the pillows of hia bed and ms bands folded upon ms breast. But they could not see tbe visions that kept him, oompany — the children that came out of the past and out of their graves to play with him. ; the sad -eyed mother, the radian c golden bead of the latest coiner, all these companions of his journey, of such substance as dreamB are made of, were invisible to them, and Boon they had put them all to flight, . Was it in cruelty or in mercy that they brought John Jay Back from his long journey ? _ But when he opened his eyes again he I gazed around him as one who knows not where he is ; and he babbled words to whioh i the two who watched beside him cuuld attach no meaning. In the morning tbe doctor oame, and his verdict wai brain i fever,' and he said, ' the oharoo&l; business,' as he called It, was part of the disease ; no man in bis right mind ever dreamed of suicide. It was a hard fight, after all, for the man's life. Miss Renfew brought her work upstaire I and watched over him all day ; and Cobbler 1 Dan kept himself as sober as a town clock, j and watched over him all night ; and between them they brought him through at last. All through bis illnees heoalled Miss Rsnfew ' Florence ' Oddly enough this was really her j name; and though she wondered how he could possibly have found it out, she never once dreamed that it was to another Florence that he addressed bis passionate cries of lcve I and gratulationa and despair. She had | grown to love him very dearly in these long l oatys When it seemed to her that his very life hung on thfi frailest thread. He loves me, too/ she would say to her self, ' now that be is mad. Will he love me j when he is sace again ?' That time came at last, It was on one of those suspiciously mild days in February when winter masquerades with spring that John Jay cams back to the consciousness I cf his own existence He looked with a sort of pathetic surprise at his thin bands. . 4 Bird's claws, aren't they !' he said, hold ing them up to the light. How long have I been ill, Miss Renfew?' Six wee'" s— ever since New Year s eve The hot blood rushed to John Jay's pale face. Suddenly he remembered the last aot of his New Year's eve— the long journey he had I m8&nt; to take. He put out his thin band and I Florence Renfew took it both iu her own. I Ton saved me,' he said. 4 1 know it was you.' No. it was not l. It was Dan. He came to bring you a bottle of whiskey. Ha pounded on your door, and when .he could not make I you hear, he broke "it in, and then I came, and then you hafihraia fever.' 4 And you nursed me Y ' Dan and I. He took the nights and I took the days, and he baB kept as sober as a judge,' God in Heaven -bless you both,' John Jay said, solemnly ; and then he turned his faee to the wall, and Who knows what he said or to whom be cried? Two days afterwards he begged to see all the letters that had accumulated during hia absence. Th9y were not numerous — a few requests for copy, a t&ilcr;'s circular, a column i of proof of the laet work he did before his illness, and a large euvelops which pro ved to nar.tain on invitnfinn -f mm IWr nnrl VTrfl Roy Seyton to the wedding of their daughter Florence. Over this last he lingered a little grimly; then he put it into Miss Renfew's hands. ; 1 She was all of it,' he said, with a smile that curved his lips but did not get as far as his eyes. 4 All ot what ?' '"Charcoal, brain fever — all of it. She was as far out of my reach as the full moon from the child that cries for it; and yet I loved I her — desperately. Do yod know I've thought you were she all these weeks past ? Haven't I called you Florence ?' Yes,' said the little dressmaker, and she forced her quivering lips to smile and turned her eyes away. 'Yes; but Florence is my uaiuc, qui x kuuugub jruu uau iuuuu it uub i somehow.' I Two weeks after that John Jay had get downstairs, and he was sitting by Miss Ren few's fire, and she was toasting muffins, just as she had been on New Year's eve, only this time the muffins were for John, and he pro fessed himself as hungry as a hunter. I When he had eaten his fill she still sat on j the low stool before the fender, and the fire light glowed on her gleaming, golden hair. John Jay put "out his hand and touched it. c It la pretty hair, Fiorenoe — as pretty as hers was ; and the same wild roses come and go in your cheeks. And your voice is as soft as j hers And your heart — ah I £ think your baart 1 llOO th |llQWw iUJ UiC iJLB ftbf uiilA UwiB UC VCl UAVlt 1 I believe it was you whom I loved all the time and 1 thought it wbb she, because I did not know. Will you be content with my poor man's lot and love back my love, yoa best, last Florence Y . The gentle eyes that -looked up to him in j the firelight's glow filled with tears and the low voice said : Do you want me really? I have love I you 1 from the first. But, oh, don't make a mistake. I For pity's sake,, do not give me your life be- I — — j..- 1_ T a >i i o&uae; you caiQK i Bavea u. i Two firm hands clasped hers then, and John Jay's honest, dog-like eyes looked into I hers steadily. I No,' be said, 4 1 think my fever burned j that old, foolish, unreturned love to white 1 ashes. lam all aad always yours if you will 1 have me.' , j And. after all, John Jay made a long jour- j ney, for he brought hia wife across the seas to America, and .there was room for tbem here, and to-day John Jay is managing editor of a j certain NewTork dflitiy newspaper. Can you guess which ?- Detriot Free Press.' . . 