THE MAGAZINES FOR MAY. The Nineteenth Century begins with on article by Prince Halim Pasha on "Egypt and the Soudan," which, viewed by the light of past history, is certainly amusing. He advises us to leave the Soudan to a remodelled but unfettered Egyptian government is, to corrupt Turkish officials. In a paper on "The Coming War," Prince Kropotkin decides in favour of Russia on the mere geographical question, but violently scolds both nations for not acting more in the character of " elder brothers " towards the Asiatic populations, In *' Variations in the Punishment of Crime," Mr. Justice Stephen attacks the most ancient of problems. The gist of his paper is that he thinks the sentences of English Judges are on the whole even in their severity, and that what slight degrees of uncertainty there is may be desirable. After the medical assaults one has lately seen on almost every article of food, it is refreshing to read such an eminently sensible article as that of Sir Henry Thompson's on " Diet." He will have no hard-and-fast theories about diet, but urges that it should be adapted to different life-? and different circumstances. On the whole, he iVnke that more people are killed by wrong kinds and quantities of food than by over-indulgence in alcohol. This is a remarkable testimony, coming from a water drinker and temperance I advocate. A moderate, but not exclusive, vege- unionism he recommends for old people, Mr. Oscar Wilde, writing on " Shakespeare and stage costume," defends archaeological correctness of dress on the stage against a recent sneer of Lord Lytton's on the ground that Shakespeare himself laid the greatest stress on "expressiveness" of dress. This article is well worth, reading by all students of Shakespeare. Mr. McNaughton wants the " Red Man " civilised-he regards this SB quite possible instead of being '* improved " off the face of the earth. A curious paper on " Death " is contributed by Mr. Shipley. He argues that death was not necessary, but that it is a mere accident (which has become hereditary, and therefore fixed of multicellular organisations. If we had had the sense to remain " unicellular" we should have escaped that lot of humanity. Sir Patrick M'Dougall, in a well-seasoned paper on Infantry Tactics," recommends a return to close lines preceded by skirmishers, as against the open formation and the lately adopted square. General Sir H. B. Green argues that Quettah, nea not Herat, is our true line of defence for India. Of course, Lord Bramwell's recent pamphlet on "Drink was likely, to call for a reply from the teetotalers ; but Archdeacon Farrar has nothing to urge beyond the arguments which one has heard on a thousand platforms, and which evade the real points at issue. There is no particularly noteworthy article in the Fortnightly Review. Sir Lepel Griffin holds much the same view as General Green as to our true position for defending India being at Quottsh and Kandahar, rather than at Herat. This is the more interesting because Sir L, Griffin is understood to be responsible for the present arrangement with the Ameer. Mr. W L. Courtenay, the least Swinburne of all mortals, criticises Mr, Swinburne's poems. He acknowledges much beauty and power in them, but thinks that the poet's philosophical foundation is too narrow, too rhetorical, and too full of feminine hysteria." Three papers, not very closely licked, come under the heading of " Conservatives on Themselves." Mr. Bartley wants Conservatives to adopt the Caucus, The Hon. G. Curzon tells his party above all things to be democratic " An English Tory " wants his party to throw overboard their "Jonah," but he does not say for certain who the Jonah is, though it may be easy to guess. in an extremely able paper on the Divorce Law, Mr G. H, Lewis, the well-known criminal solicitor, argues against "judicial separation." He wants the wife to be entitled to actual divorce whenever the husband is cruel, deserts her for two years, commits adultery in her home, or is sentenced to five years' penal servitude. Either party, he thinks, should be entitled to divorce on proof of incurable insanity, Mr. Charles Williams, the well-known " Special," gives a new view of the Gordon disaster. He boldly attributes it to the hesitation and incompetence of Sir Charles Wilson, after the death of Sir Herbert Stewart This paper is certain to raise a vigorous controversy. In an article called "Give and Take with the Colonies, Mr. T. G, Bowles advances the old proposition that we ought to tax foreign produce, and let in colonial produce free. Scotchman, and Scotchmen only, will be interested in the " Union of Presbyterian Churches," by Lord Aberdeen. The Gentleman's Magazine contains just two good papers, one on " Beasts of the Chase," by Mr. Phil. Robinson, and another on " Myths of the Stars.'' The writer of the latter paper adopts the rather exploded method of Sir George Cox. Thus, in the " Cat and Fiddle " nursery rhyme, he thinks that the cat and fiddle represent the Greater Bear, the cow the star Taurus, the dog the Dog Star, the dish the Northern Crown, and the spoon again the Greater Bear. Speculation of this kind is ingenious, but not convincing. The best fiction is to be found in the Cornhill, Longman's Magazine, Belgravia, and Good Words, In the Cornhill the author of " John Herring " continues Court Royal," a story of a great ducal house in the power of a low Jew money-lender. The theme may have been suggested by recent scandals, but the circumstances are original and the contrasts well carried out. Then Mr. D. Christie Murray gives another instalment of his very powerful novel, " Rainbow Gold." The remaining papers are all good reading. That called " Humours of Parliamentary Elections " supplies some astounding facts. in a certain OSBB before the Reform Bill, an election was held in a constituency consisting of one elector. This individual took the chair, formed the meeting, proposed and seconded himself, put the vote, and was unanimously elected, There is also a ghost story called No. 11, Welham-Bquare," and an interesting paper on "The Rise and Progress of Photo- graphy." In Longman's Magazine Mr. William Black gives his readers yet more salmon- fishing-how many salmon will be caught when the story is ended it is impossible to conjecture-more verses, and more love-making. Mr. R. L. Stevenson, perhaps the most rising writer of the day, continues " Prince Otto ; " and Bret Harte con- tributes one of his inimitable sketches, under the title of "An Apostle of the Tide?." Mr. Freeman gives another of his pedantic lectures on " Modern Abuses of Language." He objects to our use of tyrant, demagogue, ostracism, proscribe, metropolis, province, aristocracy, and democracy. Every schoolboy knows that these words once more different moanings ; but what of that Mr. Freeman's own name as a proof that a word may change its use. Mr. James Payn has a genuine story-telling talent, and has brought his "Jack of the Darrells" to an exciting phase. Besides this serial, (food Words contains one by Miss Drury, called " The Third Volume." A paper on the " White Ant," by Professor Drummond, is very interesting. The writer regards the white ant as one of the most powerful and necessary agents in nature. Except an article on San Gemignano, the other papers in this number are below the usual standard of merit. The first paper in BiaeZnioocl asks the question, " Why have we no proper armament ?" The writer, following the report of the recent American Commission, strongly argues that the armament of the country should be placed in the hands of private manufacturers and inventors, the Government factory only supplying a standard of excellence. In an article on the " Royal Mail " a number of good post-office stones are brought together. It is perhaps not generally known that John Hill proposed a uniform penny post in the time of James I. Rowland Hill may have seen his pamphlet, but it should be remembered that a penny at the earlier date had a far larger value than in the days of the second Hill. in London in May " is pleasant gossip on art and the drama, The remainder of the number is somewhat dull, except the political article, which as usual, is a furious diatribe. By the way, Mr. Freeman would certainly object to that last word j " diatribe " meant "lazy amusement " in action Greek. F Raspe a Magazine surpasses itself in the illustrations. "Through London by Oanil" contains a number of drawings which are really first-rate examples of the power which genuine artists possess of making pictures out of prosaic and commonplace materials. "Witch Hazel Copoe," "Espagnole and its Environs," and "A Wildgooao Chase" (travels in Denmark), are also beautifully and artistically illustrated. The best paper, though rather forced and artificial in style, is one called " Passages from the Diary of a Hongkong Merchant." The Century, on the other hand, falls below its below its customary standard. " Typical Dogs " contains the best illustrations-these, it must be confessed, are very good indeed and there are moreover, excellent portraits of General Grant and General M'Owan Mr, H. James and Mr. W. H. Howells continue their serials. Neither of these famous novelists is, perhaps, seen at his best. The English Illustrated is decidedly good, Bret Harte's " A Ship of '49 " is exquisite, and the ending' is at once striking, original, unexpected, and humorous to a marvel. Mr. Forbes contributes an excellent char racter sketch of Lord Wolseley, whom he admires profoundly. The late Mr. Hugh Conway's story, " A Family Affair," is continued. " The Sirens Three " is both written and illustrated by Mr. Walter Crane, whose imitation of Blake is too obvious. " The Lady of Shallot " is a beautiful specimen of engraving. The Magazine of Art is full of good artistic and literary work. The article on "Design in Feathers" is particularly worth reading. A large cartoon by Mr. H. Fournier, the French artist, is remarkable for its really cleverly sketched heads of Royal Aoads I misses. 