OUE PALIS' LETTEL. o— FSOJt OUR oww CORRESPONDENT. PARIS, 17m January. The re'eidivisto aud colunial agitations have done more to make Australia known, and worthilv so, than all her exhibitions at home or exhibits abroad. Sho figures tinenriahly in the riles of teaching France to keep her prison filth at homo, and Genn?.-.y to not removo neighbors' land mirks. At present tho Rdcidiviste Bill is about the last occupying public attention. It was the elada of a few legislators, hard up for origins! ideas, hut which became exploded when brought, to the bar of practical opinion, arrS . ,ee to face with political conse quences. The Senato will not likely deal with tho bamlrir. till after the general elections — if even then. The solution which is making way is the fact that it is infinitely cheaper to keep the creme de la crcine of prison life in heme penitentiaries, subjected to severe hut not harsh rules. It will not be easy to worm tho millions out of the legislature fqr the erection of new Milbanks or Darlmoors. The Exchequer is very low, and M. Leon Say, no mean authority, frightens by asserting it mnst become lower stiU. " In tho lowest deeps, n lower deep." Why are Germany and France to he allowed to grab territory for their platouie colonial aggrandisements, and Australia to be stopped for seeing after the needs of her natural expan sion ? Franco cannot utilise the vast territories she has lately seized — "protected" the wise it I call. But she has ever had the ambition to possess regions for possession's sake. What has she made of Algeria, of Tn'asis. ? Her best colony. Cochin China, owes iu. relative pros perity to Chinese, English ant 'i'-rnnan traders. What would have been the history of Australia to-day had it themisfortunotoh'ave been French ? And New Zealand, that almost became Eng lish by a fluke ? No, Franco must he serious in her earth hunger. The twelfth hour ambition of Germany, to go in for colonial greatness, is as diflicnlt to seize as the idea of a German navy. It is not the genius of a German to bo a pioneer colonist ; his vocation is to creep hntahly into a settled country, and crawl up to the summit, when he becomes anything but amiable. As for converting the moiety of New Guinea into a raterland or the Samoa Islands into an Eden, no one, he assured, laughs more at the pros pect thau Bismarck himself if he ever indulges in a broad grin. It marks other ends. Australians have made the impression thnt they must be counted with, that their ideas of colouia! axpausion, for they occupy not part of but a whole rem incnt, merit to be considered also. It is not when cove-. J with the dust of ages, hue the scrap regions of the German Empire, that th" w oral out-works of Australian federa tion, ihe Pacific United States are to begin to be looked after for the necessities of expansion. A si tab iu time saves nine. Then it will be a veritable benefit to the mother country to stir b .r up toaction. Iniure into her still good aud ' irviccable . id veins some of the rigorous and one; gat ic bloud of Young Anstrnlia. By pnt- ' tiug the screw on t.hc Colonial Office. England will be forced to pluck up heart of grace, to talk plain and to Ute point to the Coutinental powers. Australia, in a sense, is ou her trial before old Europe. Under no circumstances must sho abate one jot or titiie of her pro gramme — the Australian Archipelago for Aus tralian needs. Having civilised the Sonthern Pacific she should be viewed as the natural and first of guardians, for completing her mani fest destiny. . 1 think light is breaking in on the French that undeveloped distant territory is rather a hindrance than a help to a Continental power. Then when all such possessions have been mili tarily occupied, no colonists come to the Eldorado, and lite stranger has the monopoly of the commerce. In time of war they arc a source of weakness, certain to be lost, and likely for ever — should they he worth retention. The ' fit" is on F-auce and Germany just now to have "takes," and it is useless argu ing with people when iu their honeymoon, if England can only he sufficiently decided, and. above all, plneky, she can force tho patchwork union of the European powers to bonk up on the Egyp",n question. All that France has done so far hy her marplot diplomacy is to delay the payment of tho in- Aaniiitics to the sufferers from the shelling of Alexandria, and clog temporarily the reforma tory action of England in Egypt. France wants simply io gel back to Egypt to commence intrigues for ousting England. Hence, not eveu the ghost- of the dual control should be retained. Bismarck will never be ablo to unite the powers to eject John Bull front the valley oi the Nile. They invited him to go there, and lie has uo intention of quitting til) liis work be accomplished. What natiou will declare war against Eng land, if she rerr.—as? She has offered sunnd financial aid, and as she incurs ihe risk she has the right to insist ou pleasing her self with the security. The best thing site can do is — nothing it all, save to administer the country, carry on the government with the re venue, and leave debtors io their remedy, adding tliat tho first attempt at forcing her to re tire will be regarded as the sigual for a Euro pean war. Respecting the war with China, it ouly be comes more and more incomprehensible. Gene ral C.unpcnon resigned the Ministry of War, because carrying it ou would require 40,000 men. aud he was not prepared to sacrifice the home forces to that strain. General Lena succeeds, maintains there will be no danger for tho liomo forces, so he will scud on ample troojis and compel the Chincso to cry peoeavi. The French, if against theso strange hostilities, do uot express a very marked dissatisfaction, aud tho Government lias still its faithful majority, who it must be concluded represent the opinion of their constituents. On the side of the Chinese the voico is still for war. - Monsieur lo Comic D'Henison has serve", in the late Chinese war under General de Montau- ban ; he knows the Celestials well ; he has just published a most readable volume of recollec tions in the form of a journal. He states the present war with China is a " horrihlo ad venture," a boitomless pit : the Government :? completely ignorant as to where His going, and all is drifting and chance work. Tho situation at homo is not worec : politics of a violent nature predominate, and consume the best energies of the people. Hie common aim of all political parties is to triumph at the general elections, which will take place at the close of rommer. The hudg. '. deficits occopy Uie gravest attention of the wisest heads. The winter is severe, and is rendered more distressing hy the vast numbers out of employ ment. There is danger if tho bread-winners continue io uot find bread. Lyons is more anaichislic than Paris, and Marseilles continues to he uneasy. There is no diminution in crime. The use of the revolver and the taking of the law into one's own land con tinues lo augment aud threaten to become an instiijitii,u, Madamo Clovis Ungues has got off scot free as was expected, but tho shooting of Morin was a very bad business. It now seems the motive was a mistake. Two police inspec tors namel Ballcrich, and brothers, have Ehot and sabred asub-editor in place of Jules Vallds, whom they wanted. The latter accused Otero, of conspiring to tnunler their old mother, who was assassinated, in order to obtain promotion, and t1 > w off L qro/a M. Ferry's break down. One man at 'east is content in France sardoa — he is coining nightly with his new drama, Theodora. In a few days Dumas U. expects io follow suit with bis play Denise. 