4)UR mBOURKK L E T T E R . [VBOH OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT ] Thursday Feb. 10. Like our neighbors, we are a t fever heat on tho question of sending a military force to serve under Lord Wolsclcy in the Soudan and assist to avenge the death of the gallant Gordon. There is, however, little need for me to say' much on the subject for two special reasons ; first, because the subject being on tdlengrossiug one, full details aro bring telegraphed all over the colonics, ana secondly, because a t the very moment at which I write, things are in a position of tlie greatest uncertainty. A cablegram sent specially to The Anc, was published yesteraay announcing that the Victorian offer of 700 men had been accepted, but fort night Reuter’s messages to the pajicrs w»'"r‘ to the effect tlmt the offers of ’toLh Victoria and Canada had been div iued as it was thought they would arrive too Into to lie of use this season. In a mrcondodiliau of The Aye published at 3.5 a.111. to day, a further message is published to the effect that the offers of Canada, Victoria, Queensland, and South Australia, had beou accepted if they were found necessary’. I feci inclined to think that this is correct, but a few hours will settle the point. As in the other colon Victorians liavc come forward largely for foreign service. The determination of tbc Government to select mainly from the Naval Bescrvc has created great dis? content in the ranks of the Permanent Artillery, but I ibink the military authorities do not care to send them away ft is the intention of the Government, when they receive -an. acceptance of th offer, to call'Parliament together, as ' think the Cabinet must have been divided oa to taking the full responsibility. The Australian Natives' Association at uckwartli have passed resolutions to be orwarded to t^c rremier denouncing the ar notion iu ioto. They u*i)l doubtless ause surprise, as tbc feclingof the multiude is decidedly the other way. The case of CouUhard, whom I ioned in a former folter as ha> Ing been rrested for tlie robberies from duelings, proved to be one of the most exraordiuaiy cases of mistaken identity which I ever heard of. Coulthard, who s an- engineer, and has just returned from South Africa, where he bns been n the diamond fields, was arrested about a fortnight ago for stealing a silvi cup and other articles from the room of a Mrs Dudley at tbc Coffee Palace. A second robbery wbich be u-os alleged to have commuted, was the theft of ten one pound notes from the study of Dr. Annand, now acting as locum lenens for Dr Fitzgerald during the absence of the latter gentleman iu Europe. Tbe robbery from the Coffee Palace was stated to have been committed ou the 17th of January. I t uas alleged tlmt iho prisoner had stayed at the Coffee Palace, and on tlie day of the robbciy had been met coming from Mrs Dudley’s ream, and had exoloincd tliat he had missed bis way. Mrs Dudley positively identified him when taken before her by tlie detectives, and the pawnbrokers, where the goods were pledged, followed suit. Last Tuesday, however, the prisoner’s counsel stated tliut on the 17tu of Januury he was a passeQger on board, the ship K. J. Spence coming here from Natal, which vessel did not get to the WiUiamstown Railway Pier till 6ix on the morning of the 18th. The evidence of the capt ain aud others to tills effect secured the disthat there must be some other man about remarkably Jikc the prisoner. In the case of the theft from Dr. Annand’s, tho servant maid who let the thief in, nod waited in the passage while he wrote a note to the doctor, said she would take “ her dying oath ” tliat tbe prisoner was the man. She heard a noise such as would be made by getting in amongst papers, and going into the room asked if lie wanted anything, He said he wanted an envelope and that she gave him. For tlie dofeuec iu this esse an alibi was r<znin proved. Tho robbery took place < <the evening of tbc 30th January’, and * ' Lbat evening at tho time slated the \r ‘’oner was walking n ^th a Mrs Crockett in the gardens. The case, like the first, was dismissed, und a third which had been entered was withdrawn. Altogether M r Coulthard has hnd a veiy narrow escape. The detective police havo been making enquiries respecting a murder which an old man named Richard Harvey Gordon, who lias given himself into custod17 at Cloncurry, Queensland, has confesses to ^ fro,,, lira Queensland ; Gordon was vcorking Castlcraamein 1855, aud, quarrelling a ,1JW1 named Henry Thomas Bartlett, murdered him. He hid the body in a drive and left the country never return- ^ )m tk(trrlj. Ufl, ,las b e e n , borden to him, and he has felt constrained to confCHS< The enquiries made have led to no result. Their is no record of Bai licit having been murdered, or of a man having been missed. In those early times, however, when men wandered about frem diggings to diggings, the disappearance of one or two miners would, have caused no comment. As we more nearly approach the autuiru meeting of the Victorian Racing Club, speculation goto brisker over the events. Some of the men of the Pencil are still confined to their houses from the effects of the Cootamvndra railway accident, but notwithstanding this, a large nnount of business was transacted last *cok. The wagering was mincipally about the Ncu market Hnuiicnp, and Sir Garnet, Coronet, Sheet Anchor, Prometheus, Battalions, Muscolte, and Coningsby, which have been taken to w m tniri.for forty thousand pouods. Xantippc, The Ghost, Middlcmar.’h, Maloa, Amelia Victoria, and Velocipede have also hnd numerous backers. The owner of Commotion continues backing him to a smaH extent for the Australian Cup. As soon.as the contingent return from Launceston, business Mill doubtless be in full km log. It is looked upon as vciy cxtraordinaiy that the South Australian Jockey Club should bring off their autumn race meetiug on the Flcmington’course at M elbourne. I believe, however, that they hav been compelled to take this step owing to rim Totolisator Abolition BiU having robbed them of a chance of making their meetings pay. They have advertised a liberal programme ior the 2nd, 7th and 9th of May, and it is just poss.ble that with tbc Melbourne population at hand they may make a good thing of the venture. The notion is none the Jess eccentric for oil that. 