THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING, JUNÉ IG, 1SS5. The defeat of the Gladstone Ministry is evidently regarded as something moro than an expression of dissatis- faction with its financial -policy. (, The mere fact that the. House of. Commons refuses to accept"1 a proposal 'for fresh taxation does not necessarily involve the resignation of the Ministry, beoauso the principle is now fully recognised, that the House has the right to insist on a chango in the financial policy without losing its confidence in the Ministry. The House of Commons is held to have a special right in this respect, and there have been 'examples in recent yoars of financial Bchemes being altered to meet the views of the House, without the Ministry going out of office. There can be no doubt that, in ordinary circum- stances, the Gladstone Ministry would have taken back and remoddled its Budget, just as other Ministries have done beforo it, but such a course was felt to be impracticable at the present time. The vote was really one of want of confi- dence. Such a voto has been seen to bo inevitable for Borne considerable time past, for there has been a steadily growing dis- trust of the Gladstone Ministry, as failure on failure "followed fast and fol- lowed faster," until the whole foreign policy of the country becamo what can only bo called a muddle. The Chancellor of the Exchequer was in the very un- pleasant position of having to provide for a deficiency of about fifteen millions, the largest deficit which has occurred for many years, but there can be no doubt that the House of Commons would havo faced tho difficulty at once if it had had full confidence in the Ministry. Even if the House had objected to some of the taxation pro- posals, as it has objected many times before, that would only have caused a revision of tho financial scheme, in accord- ance with the precedent always followed 'on such occasions. No doubt, there will bo very serious objection to tho raising of the income- tax to eightponco in the pound, which is estimated to bring in nn additional sum of £5,400,000, but the difficulty will have to be met by the new Ministry, for it cannot avoid falling back on that obnoxious tax to get ,tho Country out of the position in which it is placod. Mr, Childers' proposals Beom to be,'on the wholo,^vory equitablo^ Ho does not, as somo^ardont-spirits desire, throw tho whole additional burden on propertynbut agrees that tho working-classes ought to bear at loast some share of the additional taxation 10 quired. Only £1,700,000 of this taxation aro to be levied on articlos of consump~ tion; and £5,800,000 aro to bo contri- buted by proporty, a division of tho burdon about which oven the most forocious of Radicals can hardly complain. No ono doubts that oil who havo a voice in the government ought to boar a proportion of its cost, but the objection hithotto has bcon that property has not borne its fair share. If Adam Smith's principio bo ac- cepted, as it generally is in theory at least, that taxation should bo in propor- tion to the means of those taxod, it is ovi dont that most fiscal systoms havo bcon unjust, for, as a rule, tho burdon has been placod on the backs of thoso least ablo to boar it. Thoro is now a rone tion, and as usual there is danger of its being carriod too far. Some choice spirits oontond that property should boar all the burden, a oleorly unfair and unpracticablo proposal. It is pointod out that tho iccroaao of the spirit duty by 2i. a gallon, and tho boor duty by Is. per barrol will not fall on the teototallers, whilst the tax on tho propor^ ties of corporations, tho equal sation of tho " death duties " on real and porsonal, proporty, and the stamp duties on securi- ties, will all fall upon persons who may bo regarded as well to do. Wo speak of these proposals in tho present tense, bo cause wo do not regard thom as abaudonod, although the Ministry has been defeated, for we do not soo how any now Ministry can well help following in the samo'path, as tho deficiency must bo provided for, and futuro contingencies takon into ac- count. The proposals to which we have roforrod however, will only meet about one-half of the deficiency, ond it is proposed to pró- vido for the othor half in what may bo called a rather startling manner. Some vory good principios havo boon laid down by Mr. Gladstone and others from time to timo, one of which was that tho ex- penditure of oach year should be provided for in each year, but Mr. Childers said that thoro might bo an overstrainod ad- herence to a sound general rule. At all events, he hUs'not adhered to it, for ho proposes to interoept tho prinoipal of the terminable annuitios created in 1883, sus- pending for the year tho action of the Sinking Fund. - From this Bourco ho expects to 5 get £4,600,00, leaving a deficiency; of £2,812,000. It is proposed to borrow this Bum tem- porarily on tho unfunded dobt, and next year to carry on a similar oper- ation in regard to the Sinking Fund, bo as to pay off tho. amount borrowed. It will bo seen that the oxigeneio3 of the situation havo driven tho Chancellor of tho Exchequer to devices which not very long ago woro doclarod to bo quite im- proper, and which would, undoubtedly, have teen most severely criticised if they had been brought forward by a Consorva tivo Ministry. But, as misery makos people acquainted with strange bod fellows, so financial difficulties make mince meat of fine principles laid down in a time of prosperity, and it, is possible that the people may now come to perceive that tho Liberal tweedledum is not so very different after all from tho Conservative tweedledee, when similar circumstances occur. Indeed, if we con- trast the beginning of tho reign of this last Gladstone Ministry with its end, we shall have a striking example of tho way in which hopes are falsified, and tho very best intentions and professions brought to nought. The charges so freely brought against tho Beaconsfield Ministry of lavish expenditure might now be urged with much more force against tho Glad- stone Ministry, with this addition, that for the money laid out by tho Beacons- field Ministry Great Britain at least had acquired the respect of the Great Powers, whereas there is now not one Power so poor as to do the Gladstone Ministry reverence. We do not expect, of course, that tho new Ministry will be able to do at once much better than tho old. It will be compelled, we think, to adopt many of the financial proposals of Mr. Childers, for, certainly, it will not be able to reduce taxation, It must provide for the deficit, it must provide for contin- gencies, and it may have to provide for tho burden of a great war, for has not Mr. Gladstone himself told us that he is not prepared to say that peace is assured? Those simple folks who are, led away by names, and who love a Liberal and hate a Conservative, have already been declaring that Mr. Gladstone has saved the nation from war, but it would be truer, perhaps, to say that his failings were tho cause of the danger that existed and still exists, and his wild, almost frantic reversal of the Beaconsfield policy in Afghanistan gave the Russians the opportunity which they have used so far adroitly and even insultingly. At all events, though we must not expect sudden changes, we may fairly hope that from a Ministry acting under the guidance of the Marquis of Salisbury, we shall have energetic and decided action, and that Great Britain will be known to be what she really is, desirous of peace but ready for war, should war be forced upon her. The federation of the_Australian, and pro- bably of the Australasian, Colonies cannot be a very distant event, The stars in their courses are fighting for it. All things show that it must bo brought about before very long, and the only question really is, how it shall bo brought about. Wo publish to day another contribution to the work of federa tion. It is a memorandum addressed to the Governments of the various Colonies by the Premier of Queensland, the Hon. G. W. Griffith, in which ho deals with the Bubject of a Colonial fleet for the protection of the Colonies. His proposals are based on certain suggestions made, in the first instance, to Sir Henry Loch, Governor of Victoria, by Admiral Tryon, on the subject of tho pro- tection of these Colonies against a naval attack. It is understood that Admiral Tryon pointed out that tho Imperial Govern- ment might not be able to keep such a number of vessels on the station as would ensuro the absolute safety of tho Colonies from attack, and sug- gested that the Colonies should do some- thing for themselves conjointly. Mr. Grif- fith, acting on this hint, has made a definite proposal that the united Colonies should provide bíx cruisers if New Zealand is willing to join, and four if that colony stands out. He points out that whilst at present most of the Colonies aro providing for their own naval protection, nothing has been done to secure joint action, although such action is absolutely necessary to ronder the prepara- tions really effective. The proposal is, that tho Colonial 'squadron Bhould- bo> placo;! under tho command of tho Importai 'admiral on the station, with the single condi- tion that it shall not bo' sont away except with tho consent of tho Colo- nies concerned. The squadron is to bo paid for by tho Colonies jointly, on tho basis of population, and various suggestions aro set forth as to colonial youths being eligiblo for tho service, all of which Nrill bo found in tho memorandum roferred to, This is, of course, a proposal to initiato federal aotion of tho most important character, and if it should be adopted federal arrangements of a more complote kind must folio w. Now South Wales is placated by tho proposal that a naval depot should ho established at Sydnoy, as tho most central and most suitahlo port, about which it is not improbable that Victoria will havo Bomothing to say. It will bo scon that Mr, Griffith's memorandum sots forth a soliemo not unlike tho ono nvo indicated same timo ago, but now, ai ' than, tho difficulty sooms to bo liONV to bring federal aotion about. The Fcdoral Council Bill, if passed by the Imperial Parliament, will onablo tho Colo- nies at ouco to act together for dofonsivo purposes, if thoy chooso to refer tho Biibject to tho Council, but as New South Wales and Nonv Zealand aro standing out, thoro is not ¡a prospect of tho necessary machinery boing icreated. It is hardly probable, wo think, that the Colonies will bo got to agree to a now defensive föderal schemo outsido of what is provided for in the Bill, and wo can only hope that wiser,counsols avili provail in New South Wales, and causo hor to accept n Bchome which Nvill clear a very largo number of difficulties away. In this reBpoot war might. prove to ho bonoficial. History teaches us that Statos havo gouorally boon forced into union by a common danger/ t It was this that ovcrcamo tho roluotanco of tho confederated Statcsof America toformaunionj Nvhioh being formed, however, is hold -¡to bo something that can nover bo dissolved: Clearly, the Australasian Colonies havo noir 'got to look to themselves, Thoy have suddenly sprung up to so important a posi- tion as that a foo of Groat Britain is suro to take them into account, and thoy must bo proparcd to meot a common dangor by com- mon action. As .Mr. Griffith points out, no one Colony could bo injured without barm to the others, so that all arc concerned in providing tho means for the dofenco of all, If Now South Wales would loavo off hor idle suspicions of Viotoria, and accept tho Federal Council Bill as at least a stop in the direction in which sho professes ardently to dejiro to go, the way Nvould bo cleared, and the natural alliance of all the Colonies soon be brought about. However, events aro hurrying on at a rapid rato, and what seems almost a dream to-day niay bo t/he fact of to- morrow. " Moro lifo and fnllor " is what tho Colonies require, and will havo. Cable Nenvs.-Mr. Gladstone has for- mally announced in the House of Commons the acceptance by Her Majesty of tho resig- nation of his Ministry, and the departure of the Marquis of Salisbury to Balmoral to meot tho Queen in consultation aB to their suc- cessors, Owing to tho resignation of tho Gladstone Ministry, negotiations betw-con England and Russia on tho Afghan question havo been suspondod, and tho Russian naval squadron previously under orders for tho Pacifie has now boon detained in clio Baltic. The roportcd fall of Kassala proves un- founded, tho Egyptian garrison still holding out against the Arab hesiegorB. Tho Royal assent to tho Redistribution of Soats Bill is expected to bo at once givon. The Western Australian loan of half a million sterling has been placed on tho Lon- don market, and tendéis avili bo opened on Friday next. Tho NeNV Zealand Grain Agency and Mercantile Co. (Limited), floated some, short time nineo on tho basis of a largely- established colonial business firm, has now been placed in liquidation. Tho results of thó deliberations of the International Com- mission on the Sue/, Canal question have been referred to the Gi oat Powers. What tho results aro yot remain unrevcaled, but a previous messago stated that the commission could not agrco on any material points. Terrible earthquakes still provail in Cash- more. Sovon hundred persons havo perished, and tho loss of property has bcou enormous, i Executive Council. - Thoro was no meeting of the Executive Council yesterday, owing to the absence of the Governor from tho colony, and tho departure of the Attornoy-Gcnoral for Launceston. The Reckition of the Australian Con- tingent.-Tho address from this colony to tlio Australian Contingent was prepared yes- terday in the Chief Secretary's offico, and Nvas forwarded to Lieut.-Colonol Lefjgo, at his address in Sydnoy, for prosontation on Saturday next. Its tonns will not be made public until it is presented. The Nenv Franchise.-The intentions of the Government in rogaid to tho now fran- chise for the IIouso of Assembly is to bring it into force as soon as thoy possibly can, so as to give prompt effjet to tho opinion of tho electors of the colony, as expressed through their representatives in Parliament. Tlio approaching session safely over, and the Redistribution Bill passed-for without this thp chango is incomplete-they will dissolve Parliament immediately the new rolls como into force, that is, in the following April, although, as a matter of fact, Parliament will not expire by effluxion ot timo until tho following year. The general election avili be held in the early part of May, the newly fledged electois Going able to voto under their recently acquired rights, and tho amended list of electorates being also in foi co. The noNv Houso of Assombly will then meet early in July; " 1 Tnp. Fingal Line. - The contractors, Messrs, McNeil, Grant, and Bath, havo made very considerable progress with tho earthworks on tho line, by far tho largor portion being now completo. Tho principal unfinishdd earthworks aro tho very largo embankment ovor Stoney Greek, tho em- bankment at St. Paul's viaduct, Avoca, and tho Nvork immediately through tho township of Fingal. The exceptionally dry weather has veiy much favoured tho contractors' operations in this respect. The larger cul- verts aro not so forward, and it avili bo necessary in many cases, to substituto piled openings for tho masonry culverts, tho test generally for obtaining a safo foundation having been very unsatisfactory, unless ex- cessive cost Nvere incurred. The Stonoy Creek is provided for by two 15ft. arches which are being constructed in a most substantial manner in ordor to carry the thruat of tho great bank that will rest ¿pon them. Tho St. Paul's viaduct at Avoca is a timber structure, tho piles aro noarly all driven, and the timber is of excellent quality. Tho viaduct ovor the Break o' Day River has not yet been commenced. A 'doublo junction has been laid in with the Main Line at Corners station, and the plate-laying has been commenced from that end, the bottom ballast having been laid on with that view for about 4 miles in advance. About 50 tons of No. 0 galvanised steel wire havo been delivered for the fencing. Over 90,000 sleepers havo been dolivered. There is generally a neatness and finish about tho work that is creditable, and the signs of efficient organisation in the management are very apparent. Launceston and Scottsdale Railnvay. Tho tenders for the line of railway to con- nect Launceston and Scottsdale will close at tho Publio Works Office at noon to-mor- row. The line is to bo 47 miles and four chains long, Customs Returns.-The imports and ex- ports of the colony for tho month of May avero as follows:-Imports, Hobart, £72,548 5s.; Launceston, £58,840 2s. Cd.; total, £131,394 7s. Od. Exports, Hobart, £37,023 ; Launceston, £58,990 ; total, £96 G13. Ex- ports tin, Hobart, 1 ton, £82 ; Launceston, 2584 tons, £20,013 ; total, £20,095. Export gold, Launceston, 2,035Joz., £9,892. TnE West Coast Mail Service.-The steamer Wakefield has been chartered by the Government to tako a mail to the West Coast, touching at all ports. She will call in at tho Mersey, and the Government will send up a supplementary train on Wednes- day to catch her there. Unclaimed Telegram.-A messago, ad- dressed to " M. Parker, Telegraph Office, Hobart," is lying at tho office awaiting an owner. The Austral Chronicle.-Somo ono has sont us a copy, in printod form, of certain papers issued on board the steamer Austral on her April voyage from Gravesend to Mel- bourne. As an amusement during the voyago the Chronicle doubtless served its purpose. Its reproduction in typo is a matter of questionable taste and utility. Evangelistic Services.-Dr. Guinness will preach this evening at .the Tabernacle, Elizabeth-street. The Colonel Commandant. - Colonol Loggo loft by express train yoatorday morn- ing for Launceston, en roule for Sydney. Colonel Bornard will bo acting- commandant of tho local forces during Colonol Lcggo'a absence Colonol Loggo will consult with Colonel Warner during his briof slay in Launceston as to tho inspection of tho Northorn division, which would havo takon placo during tho present wcok but for his Budden mission. Artillery.-A parado of this branch of tho sorvioo was hold at tho drill-yard hist evening. Thoro wore present 105 nil told. The men wera put through battalion mid company drill by tho commanding officer, Major EvaiiB, and tho wholo of tho move- ment« woro executed very creditably, allow- ing for tho fact that a great many recruits had been quito rccontly draftod into tho ranks, Tho garrison band was in attend- ance, and onlivonod tho proceedings with suitable musio, Whou tho parado was ovor, orders wore read out calling official quarterly inspection for 26th inst., when every member is expected to bo present. Rifle Reciiment.-The usual evening parado of tlio Rifle Regiment was hold at tho barracks last ovoniug. Thoro were about 127 piosont of all rankB, who woro put through company drill by their respective company officers, and afterwards exorcised in battalion drill by Major O'lioyle. At the conclusion of the parado orders wero read intimating that tho official inspection by tho Commandant will tako place on Monday, tho 20th inst., whon every member must bo presont in completo marching order. On Wednesday evening next all recruits must bo prosent for examination. Tim Belerive Artillery.-A parado of tho Bollorivo dotachment of the Southern Tasmanian Volunteer Artillory Corps was hold on Saturday ovoniug. Twouty-ouo mon paraded at tho Mechanics' Institute, under tho command of Lieutenant Feathorstiiuo, and wero oxoroised in a variety of drill by Sorgoant-Major Roid. At a later period Major Just, acting staff officer, and Surgeon Barnard went over to Kangaroo Point in the Steamer Colleen Bawn. A medical inspection was made with a satisfactory result, and two more men were sworn in. Stops aro being ,takon to próvido a propor drill-room for the , detachment, ' and a suitablo building is 'alroady under offer for the purpose. Tho jvvish of a majority of tho men that tlio weekly ¡drills should tako placo on Thursday instead (of Saturday evenings will bo complied with 'in future. The Amitolance.-On Saturday aftoruoon Major Just, accompanied by the medical stair-Dr. Crouoh (Artillery), Dr. Giblin (Rifles), and Dr. Barnard (Resorvo)-paid a visit to tho Ordnanco Stores and made an inspection of tho ambulance appliances in the possession of tho Government. The result provod that this branch of thp sorvico, im- portant as it is, is in an cminoutly unsatis- factory state. Tho medicino chest in store, for' ¡nstanco, was sont up from Port Arthur, and bears tho date 1845. There aro four of these ohests in all-two in Launceston, ono in charge of tile Artillery boro, and ono in store-and all aro, it is bclioved, of the same description. Tho strotchera available woro' those ¡improvised on the formation of tho forco in 1878. They were manufactured out of'old gun staffs. Tho medical officers will mirWi but a list of articles they think should bo obtained, and they will bo recom- mended to tho Ministor for Defonco as things that should at oned bo procured from tho Army Medical Department at Home. This stato of things is a surpriso and a disgrace, and tho officers of tho dopartmont who aro responsible for its existence ought to bo called upon tor an explanation. And this stato of things, it must bo remembered, must have oxistcd all through tho lato war scare, and absolutely no steps were taken to romedy it. Tasmanian* Champion Rifle Match. Saturday next, 20th inst., is the day fixed for the annual competition for the gold medal and prizo of JC10, among marksmen of tho Volunteer Force, and entries for which will bo received by tho staff officer, Hobart, until noon to-morrow, 17th inst. It had been decided that the firing should take place at tho rille range, Launceston, com- mencing at 9 o'clock on tho 20th inst., the ranges 200, 500, and 000 yards, seven shots at each distance, but as regards place of firing, there is likely now to bo an alter- ation, Tlio qualification of competitors is that each one must bo a maiksman for tho year 1884, and it has transpired that none of tlio Northern volunteers havo so qualified, consequently the officers of the Southern division object on behalf of their corps to any Northern men entering the lists. Wo understand that Colonel Warner has telographed to head-quarters asking if marksmen of 1883 will bo permitted to com- poto, but at a meoting of Southorn officers held last night this was strenuously objected to, and it was shown that under tho rules and regulations the commandant has abso- lutely no power to doolaro any volunteer a marksman who has not within n speci- fied time fairly won tho distinction by Buccessful firing. It was also argued that if Northern volunteer marksmen of 1883 aro allowed to competo, tho match must, in fairness, bo thrown open to all the members of tho Reservo Forco who wero marksmen of that year in other branches of tho service, a contingency not at all antici- pated in tho framing of the regulations for tho match. Wo understand thoro aro over 30 of the Southern volunteers qualified as marksmen of 1884, and as thcro aro no Northern representatives qualified, the match will probably take place at Sandy Bay, instead of at Launceston, as first pro- posed. The final decision of tho matter will, as a matter of course, rest with the aetiug-commandant, Colonel Bornard, who will no doubt promptly givo expression to his views on the subject, and thus sot any vary- ing expressions of opinion at reBt. The Kanoaroo an» the Railway.-One important fcaturo in tho future career of this boat, which has been partially over- looked, is the part she will play in connec- tion with tho projectedrailwayfrointhe Rich- mond and Sorell districts to Bellerivo, which will also, by her aid, connect those districts directly with Hobart. Tho Kangaroo is fortunately fitted, ancient as she is, to act in conjunction with that modern agoncy, tho iron horso. She can bring over a train, trucks, carriages, engines, and all, as easily as sho can ordinary wheeled -vehicles ; and trains will no doubt bo run direct on,to her decks and beso transported acroBstho water, making tho torminuB of tho Uno Hobart, which would indeed bo its natural ono. Tlicnco connection with tho Main Line would bo vory caBy, and bo an important Uno of communication would bo established between tho main artory of traffic and a dis- trict which has been hitherto out in the cold. With the purchase of the Main Lino there- fore must como tho purchase of tho Kanga- roo, and proper arrangements for her regular and frequent slipping. Properly cared for sho should bo as vahiablo and as re- liable a means of communication as any other in tho colony. A Market for Hoiiart.-There is at last_ some prospect of tho question of having a market for Hobart settled ono way or anothor. That it. would bo a boon for tho gcnoral publio to havo a place whoro they could buy produce without the intervention of so many middle- men is self-evident, and Alderman Hiddlo Btono deserves credit for his motion at tho council yesterday that the question of the opening of tho market bo roforrod to a com- mittee of tho wholo council. He showed by figures that the market, if once established, would bo a profitable sourco of rovenuo to the council, and thore was no dissentient voice to the proposal of tho Mayor that the council should meet on Thursday evening to discuss the question. Requiring Attentioh.-A visit from tho town surveyor to Kelly's Stops (writes a correspondent) after Saturday morning's soaking rain would havo been of advautago. The groater part of tho filth of Battery Point runs under Kelly's Steps, but the drains whieh should frooly transmit it to the Derwent aro generally so choked by un clcarod debris as to croato a standing nui- sance, from whom nobody suffers moro than Mr. Thomas Wiso, who. would only bo too glad to show tho city survoyor, should he favour him with a cal), the filthy sourco of what all who pass up and down the stops regard as an unnecessary, because preventiblo public nuisanco, which might be remedied with vory little trouble. The town Bur voyor might also, at tho same timo, see what is loft of tlio coping of the walls of Kelly's Steps, which is disappearing so quickly that, if the work of nocturnal demo- lition procoeds unchecked at its present rate, tho walls, liko the coping, will be completely overturned boforo tho year has run its course, Glede Town.-Tho olectors meet to-mor- row aftornoon at 4*30, at Addlestone, tho residence of Mr. C. II. Grant, for tho np Eointment of trustees. Thoro will doubtless o a full muster of all interested. The resi- dents havo been making vory stronuous ex- ertions for somo months past to form tho dis- trict into a town board and road district, in order to have the necessary powers to got a thorough system of drainage introduced, and to have tho streets and footpaths made. It is also tho intention of the residents to loso no timo in having tho streots of Globo Town j lit up with gas. I PuoiiATKH, Etc.-Proba tes and letters of ad- ministration woro granted ns follows during last week :-In tho ostato of Josoph Black burn Jackson to Mary Ann Jackson, porson alty sworn at £70 ; Harriotto Eliza Chap mau to Josoph Roubon Chapman and Frede- rick Evans, £305; Peter Good to John Wallis Kollaway and William Philp, £40 ; Elizabeth Jones to Hour y Simpson and Robert Robb, £85. Letters of administra- tion avere granted in tho following estates : Adam Davidson to John Gollio, £332 ; Mar gatot Humphrys to Thomas Robort Hum phrys, £1,005. City Police Couiit.-His Worship tho Mayor and Alderman Riddoch avere in attondnnco at the City Polioo Court yester- day. John Rogers, for using obseono language, avas fined 5s., or soven days' im- prisonment. Margarot Conlan ploadod guilty to being drunk and disorderly. As it was hor second oflonco avithin the pro- scribed time of 90 days, she avas fined 10s. Od. or 14 days. Wm. Hayzlcgrovo was charged with disturbing tho peace Ho avas fined 20s. Od., or ono months imprison- ment, as ho avas a very old offendor. Annie Illiston pleaded not guilty to insulting passors-by in Livorpool-strcet on Sunday night. Constable Sims proved tho chargo, and defendant Nvas fined 20s. Od., or ona month. Richard Braithwaite ploadod not guilty to having bohaved indecently in tho Queen's Domain on Suuday, Mr. A. I. Clarko appeared for defendant. Constables Brown and Hogan, of tho territorial police, gave ovidonco as to tho naturo of tho oflbneo, which was committed in tho presonco of a numbor of ladies and children. For the defence James Johnstone was called, but his evidence had no bearing on tho caso whatovor. Tho Bench iuniotcd a fine of 10s. Cd. or 14 days. Salvation Army.-Marshal Booth, no companicd by Major Thurman and Staff Captain Quick, arrived from Launceston last night by the oxpross train. Thoy wero mot on the platform by several of the officers of tho Salvation Anny, and escorted to the Queen's Domain, whoro the " Anny " Nvua drown up in full force avith torches burning and tho band playing. The arrival of Marshal Booth and his companions avas welcomed avith onthusiastio cheering and waving of pockot knndkerchiefs, Short addresses wero thon dolivercd by Mirshal Booth, Major Thurman, and Staff Captain Quick, after which sovoral hymiiB wen) sung, and tho proceedings terminated. Tlio new Salvation Army barracks iii Harrington Btrcot Nvill bo formally oponed to morrow night by Marshal Booth. Tho Army haa-o boen granted permission by tlio corporation to parado tho streets, and a torchlight pro- cession will bo held to commemorate tho oc- casion, j , Y.M.C.A.-The second meeting of tho members of tho Y.M.C. Association for the establishment of a literary union avas hold at tho association-rooms last night. Thara avas a very good attendance. Tho Rov. F. Shnnii ocoupicu tho chair. Tho rules woro sub- mitted by tho committco, gono through seriatim, and pasted with a few alterations. It Nvas decided that tho union should tait o i tlio management of tho wholo of ,-tho literary, departmout oí »-tho association under its control. Tho arrangement of tho ByllabuB for tho ensuing quarter avas loft to bo dealt avith at a meeting on Monday oaening noxt. Sover.al now- members having hoon proposed and elected tho tncoting closed. Laying a Foundation-stone. - The foundation-stono of the iionv Congregational Churoh, Geeves Town, avili bo laid on Tues- day, 23rd ult., by Mr. B. S. Bird, M.ll.A. A concert avili bo held in the ovening. High School.-Tho usual winter enter- tainments will be commence! at tho High School this evening at S o'clock, and tho rector invites the parents and friends of pupils to attoud. Lecture.-Mr. Charles F. Reovo is an- nounced to deliver a loctiiro on tho " Sovon Parables" this evening, at tho People's Hall ; basing his remarks on tho 13th chaptor of Matthew. Concert,-Last evening a very enjoyable concert was given in tho Town Hall, in order to form tho nuclous of a fund for establishing a library in connection with tho General Hospital. Looking at tho popular prico of admission, aud tho/actthat tlio pro- ceeds wero to bo devoted for a most desir- able object, thoaudiouco avas not so largo as it should have been, and it ¡s a pity that many moro did not expend a shilling to aid in the soborno promulgated for tho purpose of affoiding a means of recreation for tho patients. The hall was a little moro than half filled, about 300 being present. The programme was as pleasant ns it was diver- sified, and most of tho efforts of tlio per formeis were applauded, and encores woro rather frequent. Solos avero rondered by Misses P. Sinclair, Alico Powell, and Mrs. Bellotto, and Messrs. J. C. Shields, Harry Pringlo, and N. Oldham, while glees avere given with much appreciation by Misses Powoll and Turnor, and Mcssis. Pringle and Shields. Solos avero given on tho piano by Miss Julia Wigmore, and Mr. T. J. Hay- wood, with good effect, and tho whole ter- minated with the singing of tho National Anthem. Concert.-A grand snored concert in aid of the Molvillostrcot Wesloyan Choir Fund will bo held in tho Mechanics' Hall, Mel. vllle-strect, this ovening. The programme will consist of solos, ducts, quartettes, otc., from a uowly published collection of sacred music. Besides several of tho best local amateurs, tho choruses will bo sung by nearly 50 voices, Booka of Words will be distributed to patrons, who may rely upon a good evening's entortainment. Trinity Association.-Readora aro re- minded that tho second concert of tho " Winter" series avili talco placo on Friday next, at tho Trinity schoolroom. A good programme is being arranged by tho lion, conductor, and a pleasant ovoning's enjoy munt mny be anticipated. Athletic Tournament.-A second ath- letic tournament and assault-at-arms waa given at the Theatre Royal last evening, under the general management of Mr. W. West, the champion heavy-weight boxer of the colony, assisted by Boveral of his pupils and other amateur adepts avith tho gloves, as well as amateur vocalists and dancors. Tho boxing was very good, several excellent set-to's taking place, good tompor prevailing through- out, mid tho performances showing that the pupils have a skilful, practical teacher, who allows hard as well as judiciouB hitting. A great feature of tho evening was tho assis- tance of M. Beuliamo, who had with great generosity voluntceicd his services. His clowning and clover ncrobatism, together avith his far-famed "Butterfly " trick, avon thunders of applause of the most hearty character. Mr. J. Irvino had a repetition of the triplo eucoro avhich ho received on Satur- day evening, and his voeal and recitative comicality well deserved the complimont. Messrs. Marriottand Wilkhisonropoated their horizontal bar aud trapeze business in admir- able style, the latter having a Btrong flavour of danger about it avhich seemed to suit tho palate of tlio audience, but which also seemed to need moderation. Tho danc- ing was again very Nvoll rendered, Míbs Nellie O reculées, in a most fascinating costume, of course, carrying off the palm for her " Dance of All Nations," which was re-demanded. An additional clog dancer appeared in tho person of Mr. James Mead, who avould havo been no mean adversary in the lato contest. Altogether the display of local talent was exceptionally good, and N70uld not disgrace a professional company. It is to bo hoped that the recompense will bo as substantial to the pockets of the porformers as the con- tinual applauso and domandB for repetitions must havo been flattering to their sensibili- ties. ' Pollard's Lilliputian Opera Company. -To-raorroNv ovening this company, who Nvill arrive by tho a.s. Taraavera, from Now Zealand, avili produce for the first time in Tasmania the famous (esthetic opera of Patience, with now scenery specially painted for the production, now costumes, and tho full strength of this very popular company. The full cast and other particulars will bo found in our advertising columns, and gives a very fair idea of tho treat in store. ' Exhidition-Bdildino, - The proprietor announces this as the last night of the Hibornica entortainment, and also an- nounces million prices and tho usual distri- bution of prizes. - - Hospital Cases.-A young man named Richard Dingle, aged 24, carno to the hospital yesterday suffering from a scalp wound, caused by his head coming in con- tact with a revolving wheel at Gibson's flour mill. A young man named Peroy Hook waa also treated for a bruised shoulder, caused by his being knocked over by a horse and cart on tho Now Town road. The injuries of both suffcrors avero attonded to by the house surgeon. Disorderly Women. - Tho nuisanco cauBod by tho bohaviour of disorderly and abandoned women who nightly parado tho streets has been for a long time a matter of romark, but the polico aro iionv taking stops to put a stop to it. A Nvoman charged with insulting passers-by avas brought up at the City Police Court yesterday and heavily fined, and the superintendent of polico has caused proceedings to bo taken against several other well-known offenders. Valuaule Stock.-Wo learn that Mr. Robert Jones, of Riccarton, has sold a ram lamb (nina months old) by Little Wondor, for 150 guineas, to Mr. H. C. White, of Havillah, New South Wales. ' Presentation.-A numbor of those who had recontly boon confirmed in St. David's Cathedral mat nt tho Bohoolroom, Harring tou-Blreot, on Saturday nftornoon, for tho pur poso of presenting the Rov. II. ¿. Hanoook with nu address and testimonial, in tokon of appreciation of the caroful instruction imparted to thom whilo being prepared for confirmation. Tlio address, which had been printed on satin, and boro tho names of nil the candidates, sot forth their thanks for tho untiring zeal and energy which ohnractorised tho rov, gentlomaii's teaching, mid trusted that, with tho Divino help, the fruits of his instruction to thom mid to others might bo great and perma- nent. They hoped that no-would long ho Bpared to carry on the woik of tho ministry in this laud, and hogged that ho would accept tho accompanying small acknowledg- ment, iib a memento of tho cstooin and regard in which they hold him, both as a. friend and puBtor. Mr. ErneBt Rox road the add ress, and presented Mr. Hancock with a sot of silver knives and forks. Tho rev. gentleman roplicd at somo length. Ho thanked thom very much for tlioir kindness, and earnestly entreated them to niako ubo of the gr»at blessing which thoy received in confirmation. If thoy cultivated that gift, thoy would bo happy in knowing that their lives were ploasing in God's sight. Obituary,-Our cabio mossagoa announce tlio doath of tho Rov. E. P. Hood, the well known elerie, lonturor, and writer. Afcn oí the Time contains the following notico of th« decoased :-Tho Rev. Edwiu Paxton Hood, son of nn old English sailor, who served under Nelson in tile TiSmórairo, bom at Westminster in 1820, waa educated privatoly. Ho baa been for many years a minister of the Independent denomination, and preaches I . in .London. Ho was for many years tho j ¡editor of tho Eclectic Jlevlev, and for aomo \ years »edited the Prtadier's Lantern. Ho \ has written " Wordsworth, n Biography," "Tho Ago and ita Architects," " A Lifo of Swedenborg," " Solf-Formation," " The Peorago of Povorty," " Tho Dark Days of , Queen Mary," " Tho Golden Times of Queen Bess," "Droam Land and Ghost Land," "Genius and Industry," "Literature of Labour," "Old Euglnnd," "Montai and Morul Philosophy of Laughtor," "Solf Education," "Tho Uses of Biography, Romantic, Philosophie, and Didactic," "Dark Sayings op ii Harp," and "Tho Eurnest Minister." Ho is tho author also of a largo voliimo entitled "Lamps, Pitchers, and Trumpets," lectures on tho vocation of tho proachor, " Blind Amos," " Byo-Path Meadow," besides editing two bulky volumes, " Tho World of Anecdote," and " Tlio Woild of Religious Anecdote'." Moro recently ho has published a courso of lectures on "Tlio Villugos of tho Bible." Ho has boon tho biographer of tho distin- guished Nonconformist, tho Rev. Thomas Binney. His latost proBO work is an elabo- rate exposition of tho genius mid philosophy of Tlipmas Carlyle. Ile also prosonted him- self in verse as the author of "The Maid of Nuremburg " and other voluntaries. Air. Hood ia well known to his own denomina- tion as a preacher, and tho author of many published sermons, and has an extensivo popularity aa a loeturcr on subjects con- nected willi gcncial literature or social questions. Examinations.-Tho board school chil- dren's examinations for exhibitions to suporior schools will bo commenced this morning simultaneously in Hobart and Launceston. In Hobart tho children will nsaemblo at the Freemason's Hall, and Mea«ra. Rulo and Bonrdillon will ahnro tho charge. In Launceston Mr. Chiof- Iuspoctor Stephens will conduct tho examination nt tlio Education office. Bicycle Ball.-The annual ball, under tho auspices of tho Marmion Bicycle Club, will tako place iii Hadloy's-rooms this ovon- iug. Both plnin and fanoy dresses may bo worn, but cyclists aro requosted to appear in unifonn. The Afciiians.-Truth says that it ¡b believed that tho Afghans aro descendants of tho Ten Tribes, and it is a curious com mont upon tho power of Hebrew nationality that we should bo spending a good many millions in Egypt to ousuro to tho descend- ants of the Ten Tribes usurious interest on their loans, and a few millions moro to up- hold tlio claims of tho descendants of tho Ton Tribes to rulo aomo Turkoman villages in Central Asia. Tho Afghans, wo may bo certain, will always bo tho onemy of tho 1'ower which seeks to subduo them. Left alono, they will constitute a buffer Stato between Russia and India. Wo should do well, therefore, to leave thom absolutely alono. As for our guaranteeing any district which thoy claim, tho policy is an insane ono. No Boonor will they havo got all that thoy can out of us, than thoy will betray us in order to gut something out of Russia. For my part I would not move a aoldior orvvasto a rupco in order to dofoad Herat. Ab it is, we spent 20 millions a few years ago to at- tack tho Afghans, and now wo aro told that wo ought to go to war with Russia in order to sccuro to them a plain mid a fow villages, their titlo to which is, to say tho least, doubtful. The Lick Oiweiivatory Aitaratob.-. Tho Lick Observatory, on Mount Hamilton, California, oven without tho groat tele- scope in courso of construction, is already one of the most completo in tho world. There has recently been added a meridian circle, mado by Kefaold, of Hamburg, and a house has been built for it. Professor Holder thinks it is tho most perfect of its class in tho United Stales, if not in the world. Two discs for tho groat 30 inch lens have been successfully cast, and a member of tho firm of Alvan Clark and Sons recently went to ISurope to examino thom, and to ascertain whether oithor of thom is suitable for the leus, If a perfect disc has boen obtained, it is thought that the great refactor may ho mounted and in uso by 1880. Already tho observatory has a 12-inch equatorial, a 4-iuch transit, a comct-sooker, a vertido oirclo, and a 0-inch equatorial. Then thoro uro fivo clocks, con- nected by a completo olectrioal system. It is stated that the 30-inch g1ass,when finished, will bo by fur tho most powerful ono in tho world, bringing the moon withiu 30 miles of tho earth, whereas 80 miles is the limit of existing telescopes. Tlio wonders which such a glass will disclose can hardly bo fore- told.-Invention. Journalists as Magistrates.- A reply was read at Halifax Town Council mooting rcccntl* from the Lord Chancellor, to a memorial signed by a membor of the Council and the Bench of Magistrates, asking'that Afred Ramsdou, ox-Mayor, and proprietor of tho Halifax Courier, bo placed on tho Commission of the Penco. Híb Lordship re- fused to accede to tho memorial, on tho ground that au important duty of provincial newspapers must bo to criticise tho proceed- ings of local magistrates, and that if it wero common for tho editors and proprietors of theso papers to bo magistrates themselves, thoro would bo great danger of tboir at- taining nn undue share of iiiflucnco in dis- puted matters. 