Chapter XLL—Speechifytxg. | On the Monday a ploughboy from Vale ! Regis arrived at Monksmoor. j In respect of himself he was a person ! beneath notice. In respect of his errand he ! was sufficiently important to cast a gloom over i the household. The faithless Mirabel had i broken his engagement, and the ploughboy i was the herald of misfortune who brought his * apology. To his great disappointment (he wrote), he was detained by the affairs of his ' parish. He could only trust to Mr. Wyvil s i indulgence to excuse him, and to communicate I his sincere sense of regret (on scented note paper) to the ladies. > Everybody believed in the affairs of the parish, with the exception of Francine. "'Mr. ! Mirabel has made the best excuse he could ; think of for shortening his visit; and I don't . wonder at it," she said, looking significantly | at Emily. j Emily was playing with one of the dogs; exercising him in the tricks which he had learnt. She balanced a morsel of sugar on his nose—and had no attention to spare for Frau i cine. j Cecilia, as the mistress of the house, felt it , her duty to interfere. " That is a strange re ; mark to make," she answered. "Ho you mean I to say that we have driven Mr. Mirabel away ' from us ?" " I accuse nobody," Francine began witn ( spiteful candor. \ "Now she's going to accuse everybody! ; Emily interposed, addressing herself face- j tiously to the dog. . . { "But when girls are bent on fascinating j men, whether they like it or not," Francine j proceeded, "men have only one alternative— j they must keep out of the way." She looked again at Emily, more pointedly than ever. j Even gentle Cecilia resented this. " Whom . do you refer to ?" she said, sharply. i "My dear!" Emily remonstrated, "need > you ask ?" She glanced at Francine as she J spoke, and then gave the dog his signal. He ■ tossed up the sugar, and caught it in his l mouth. His audience applauded him—and so | for that time the skirmish ended. I Among the letters of next morning's j delivery arrived Alban's reply. Emily's j anticipations ■ proved to be correct. The j drawing-master's duties would not permit j him to leave N ether woods; and he, like j Mirabel, sent his apologies. His short letter 1 to Emily contained no further allusion to \ Miss Jethro ; it began and ended 011 the first j page. j Had he been disappointed by the tone of j reserve in which Emily had written to him j i under Mr. Wy vil's advice'! Or (as Cecilia | suggested) had his detention at the school so bitterly disappointed him that he was too dis ' heartened to write at any length ? Emily j made no attempt to arrive at a conclusion either one way or the other. She seemed to I be in depressed spirits, and she spoke super stitiously for the first time in Cecilia's expa j lience of her. "I don't like this re-appearance of Miss 1 Jethro," she said. "If the mystery about tliat woman is ever cleared up it will bring trouble and sorrow to me—and I believe, in his own secret heart, Alban Morris thinks so too." "Write and ask him," Cecilia suggested. " He is so kind and so unwilling to distress me," Emily answered, " that he wouldn't ac knowledge it even if I am right." In the middle of the week the course of pri vate life at Monksmoor suffered an interrup tion, due to the parliamentary position of the master of the house. The insatiable appetite for making and hear ing speeches, which represents one of the marked peculiarities of the English race (in cluding their cousins in the United States), had seized 011 Mr. Wyvil's constituents. There was to be a political meeting at the market hall in the neighboring town, and the member was expected to make an oration, passing in review contemporary events at home and abroad. "Pray don't think of accompanying me," the good man said to his guests. "The hall is badly ventilated, and the speeches^ including my own, will not be worth hearing." This humane warning was ungratefully dis regarded. The gentlemen were all interested in "the objects of thd meeting," and the ladies were firm in the resolution not to be left at home by themselves. Tliey dressed with a view to the large assembly of spectators before whom they were about to appear, and they out-talked the men 011 political subjects all the j way to the town. . . The most delightful of surprises was m store for tlicm when they reached the market hall. Among tlie crowd of ordinary gentlemen w aiting under the portico untilAhe proceedings bemn appeared one person, of distinction, whose title was "Reverend," and whose name was Mirabel. Francine was the first to discover him. She daited up the steps and held out her hand. "This is a pleasure!" she cried. "Have you come here to see—" She was about to say me, but, observing the shangers round her, altered the word to us. " Please give me your aim," she whispered, before her young friends had arrived within healing. " I am so frightened in a crowd !" { She held fast by Mirabel, and kept a jealous watch on him. Was it only her fancy, or did she detect a new7 charm in his smile when he spoke to Emily ? Before it was possible to decide, the time for the meeting had arrived. Mr. Wyvil's friends were of course, accommodated with seats on the p'latfonn. Francine, still insisting on her claim to Mirabel's arm, got a chair next to him. As she seated herself, she left him free for a moment. In that moment the infatuated man took an empty chair 011 the other side of him, and placed it for Emily. He communicated to that hated rival the information wbich he ought to have reserved (or lfiaugiue. "Xhe committee insist." he said, " on my proposing" i one of the resolutions. I promise not to bore ! you ; mine shall be the shortest speech de ! iivered at the meeting"." The proceedings began. Among the earlier speakers not one was inspired ny a feeling of mercy for the audience. The chairman revelled in words. The mover and seconder of the first resolution (not haying so much as a ghost of an idea to trouble either of them) poured out language in flowing and overflowing streams, like water from a per petual spring. The heat exhaled by tna crowded audience was already becoming in sufferable. Cries of "Sit down?" assailed the orator of the moment. The chairman was obliged to interfere. A man at the back of the hall roared out, "Ventilation !" and broke a window with his stick. He was rewarded with three rounds of cheers, and was ironically invited to mount the platform aud take tha chair. Under these embarrassing circumstances irabel rose to speak. He secured silence at the outset hy a humorous allusion to the prolix speaker who had preceded him. "Look at the clock, gentlemen," lie said, "and limit my speech to an interval of ten minutes." The applause which followed was heard, througn the broken window, in the street. The boys among the mob outside intercepted the flow of air by climbing 011 each other's shoulders and looking in at the meeting through the gaps left by the shattered glass. Having proposed his resolution with discreet brevitv of speech, Mirabel courted popularity on the plan adopted by the late Lord Palmerston in the House of Commons—lie told stories and made jokes adapted to the intelligence of the dullest people who were listening to him. The charm of his voice and manner completed his success. Punctually at the tenth minute he sat down amid cries of " Go on." Francine was the first to take his hand, and to express admiration mutely by press ing it. He returned the pressure—but he. looked at the wrong lady—the lady on the other side. , . , Although she made no complaint, he in stantly saw that Emily was overcome by the heat. ' Her lips were white, and her eyes were closing. " Let me take you out," lie said, '' or you will faint." Francine started to her feet to follow them. The lower order of the audience, eager for amusement, put their own humorous con! struction on the young lady's action. They roared with laughter. "Let the parson and his sweetheart be," they called out ; "two's company, Miss, and three isn't." Mr. \\\ yviL interposed his authority, and rebuked them. A lady seated behind Francine interfered to : good purpose by giving her a chair, which placed her out of sight of the audience. Order was restored—and the proceedings were re sumed. , . , On the conclusion of the meeting, Mirabel and Emily were found waiting for their friends at the door. Mr. Wyvil innocently added fuel to the fire that was burning in Francine. He insisted that Mirabel should return to Monlcs moor, and offered him a seat in the carriage at ; Emily's side. Later in the evening, when they all met at dinner, there appeared a change in Miss de Sor which surprised everybody but Mirabel. She was gay and good- humored, and especially amiable and attentive to Emily—who sat op posite to her at the table. "What did you and Mr. Mirabel talk about while you wera away from us?" she asked innocently. "Politics?" . . ,, Emily readily adopted lu-ancmes friendly tone. " Guess again!" she said gaily. "I can only guess that you had the most delightful of companions," Irancine rejoined ; "and I wish I had been overcome by the heat tC Mirabel—attentively observing lier—acknow ledged the compliment by a bow, and left Emily to continue the conversation. In per fect good faith she owned to having1 led Mirabel to talk of himself. She had heard from Cecilia that his early life had been de voted to various occupations, and she was in terested in knowing how circumstances had led him into devoting himself to the Church. Francine listened with the outward appear i ance of implicit belief, and with the inward conviction that Emily was deliberately de I ceiving her. When the little narrative was I at ail end she was more agreeable than ever. 1 She admired Emily's dress, and she rivalled Cecilia in enjoyment of the good things on the table ; she entertained Mirabel^ with humorous anecdotes of the priest at San Domingo, and was so interested m the manu facture of violins, ancient and modern, that Mr. Wyvil promised to show her his famous i collection of instruments after dinner. Her | overflowing amiability included even poor 1 MPs Darnaway and the absent brothers and sisters. She heard, with flattering sympathy, how they had been ill and had got well again; what amusing tricks they played, what alarming accidents happened to them, and how remarkably clever they were—" in cluding, I do assure you, dear Miss de Sor, the baby only ten months old." When the ladies rose to retire, Francine was, socially speak ing, the heroine of the evening. While the violins were in course of exhi bition Mirabel found an opportunity of speaking to Emily unobserved. " Have you said or done anything to offend Miss cle Sor ?" he asked. "Nothing whatever !" Emily declared, startled by the question. " Wuat makes yuu think I have offended her ?" " I have been trying to find a reason for the change in her," Mirabel answered, " especially the change towards yourself." " Well?" "Well, she means mischief.' " Mischief of what sort ?" "Of a sort which may expose her to dis covery, unless she disarms suspicion at the out set. That is, as I believe, exactly what she lias been doing this evening. I needn't warn you to be on your guard." All the next day Emily was on the watch for events, and nothing happened. Not the slightest appearance of jealousy betrayed itself in Francine. She made no attempt to attract to herself the attentions of Mirabel, and she showed 110 hostility to Emily either by word, look, or manner. The day after an event occurred at Nether woods. Alban Morris received an anonymous letter addressed to him in these terms :— " A certain young lady in whom you are supposed to he interested is forgetting you in your absence, if vou are not mean enough to allow yourself to ba supplanted by another man, join the party at Jlouks mccr before it is too ir.te." 