DARGO. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. ) Wednesday. The weather is fine here, in fact rather too fine, there not being sufficient rain to pro- mote the growth of the coming crops. The work of putting in the grain crops is about finished, and hop pruning is about to com- mence. The hop industry is rather dull at present, but it is to be hoped that the next season will create a revival. The failure of Luke, Williams and Co., the hop brokers of Melbourne, has caused a little surprise to the hop growers here, although I believe that only one of our growers here had entrusted his consignments to their care. The Waterford bridge is still going ahead, and I believe three carpenters from Rose- dale are at work on it. Mr O. Smith has finished his contract for sawing the timber for it, which amounted to about 130,000 ft. of material, the biggest contract yet completed in the district, of that kind. Mr J. V. Daniel has been on Dargo lately, I believe in the capacity of valuator for the Avon shire. Reefing affairs continue much the same, there being only a few items worrthy of notice. The Joker is improvimg. The Par- nell is, I believe, to be started again under the management of Mr J. Fogarty, and I think the Company have shown good judg- ment in their choice of manager, for if there is any gold to he got out of the reef Mr Fo- garty is the man to get it. Messrs Riley and Co., intend to commence work, I understand, at the Normanby mine in October. At the Birregun mine the work, under the manage- ment of Mr. J. Tiernay, is progressing very favourably, the shaft having been sunk a distance of 40ft., making a total of 142ft. They are now in a more settled country, which requires a good deal of shooting. It makes a good deal of water, but with the appliances on hand that is no detriment to the working of the mine. The whim is working splendidly, and reflects credit on the builders. A prospector from Myrtle- ford, named Wye, is at present in the locality of the above mine. He is the discoverer of the Dark River and various other goldfields, and has been prospecting for a good many years. He was, I believe, backed at one time by Mr Wallace, M.LC. A reef at the American River, called the " Bruise Reef," is living worked by Messrs Joy and Jenkins, the latter being one of the miners who was interested in this reef some years ago. Mr W. J. Irwin is applying for a lease for a claim to be called the Advance Australia, adjoining the Birregun lease. Messrs Smith and Black, of Dargo, who bought a reef at the Haunted Stream some time ago, have unearthed 50 tons of quartz which Mr W. Lee, of Crooked River, pro- ceeds immediately to pack to the nearest battery. The stone is expected to give a good yield. The Triumph is at present worked by Messrs Armstrong and Son, and they hare driven a distance of about 40 feet, but as yet have not found anything. The ground is easily worked, requiring no blast- ing material. The Christman Eve is looking better; as it goes down it shows every pros- pect of turning out a payable reef. A meeting was held in the Dargo me- chanics' institute on Saturday evening to elect a committee for the purpose of helping the Avon Shire to proceed with the business of this ridilg, until such time as councillors are elected for it. The attendance was very limited. The Dargo common question is once more coming before the public, and one of our principal business men states that he wishes to see it abolished. This would be rather a serious proceding for the Dargo residents, for were this common done away with they would be at the mercy of the lessees of the surrounding country, and if a bush fire, such as occurred last summer, were to happen again their cattle must die or possibly be impounded. It is very strange that the man who was one of those who contended against the squatters to get this common should be one of the first to wish it done away with. Again, strange to say, just when some of the Dargo residents wish their common abolished, the Grant residents are endeavouring to get one. If ine is useful to them, why not to us ? I say let ius keep the common while we have got it, for the chances are, if once it is abolished, we shall never get it again. In this age of scepticism, when it is looked upon as a sign of independence and robust- ness of intellect not to believe anything that one cannot understand or explain, I suppose it is useless to expect people to believe a ghost story. Nevertheless, I send you one which is vouched for by respectable persons whose names I enclose privately, and whose evidence would be accepted and acted upon by any jury in Gippsland. The affair hap- pened at the house of a well-known aiul respected resident on the Omeo road, a short time ago. His daughters and a friend of the family, a young man, were sitting before the fire quietly conversing, when the appari- tion of a headless man entered the room, the door being shut, and after a moment or two had walked out again, the door still remain- ing closed. The female witnesses of the occurrence were of course extremely alarmed, but the young man opened the door and followed the apparition down the paddock, where he asserts it disappeared in a grave which is situated there. I make no com- ment on the narrative, I only " tell the tale as it was told to me," but there is no doubt that it is regarded in a serious light by some of the members of the family, who think it a warning of impending calamity. 