RACING. Punctually at half-past twelvo tho hell rang for tho horses to weigh out for the Melbourne Stakes, tho first event of the meeting, and though tho rain was still coming down heavily a rush ivos mado to tho paddock to iuspeot the canuutates. Iho surpriso of tho raeo was to find Ringmaster a starter, and it was generally understood then that ho must bo inferior to Dunlop, and thoreforo wns to bo withdrawn for tho Derby. Tho Caulfield Guiueas winner looked iu excellent form, and as tho stable supported him steadily ho soon bocamo first favorito. Trenton, tho Now Zcalaud represen tative, and ono of tho handsomest horses ever seen on any racecourse, his head being a per fect picture, had a largo lert'e as his toilet was being made, nnd, as his performances in his native country in weight for ago contests had been quite first class, the good judges went for him with woudorfut unanimity, ami ho left off only a point or two behind Ringmaster. Honey- dew, who looked dry and worn, was a nominal third favorito, but tlioro was not much inonoy invested on his chauco, and tho others wero at outsiilo prices. Old Hosworth, who was UDQ of tlio Sbll'tOPH. WflS frrttBl nm) wnll ..n/1 tbo raco showed that ho retained some of tho brilliant paco which characterised liis former appearances on racecourses. Mr. Geo. Watsou had fortunately sufficiently recovered from his recent severe illness to take tho starter's flag, aud tho veteran's reappearance was the signal for hearty ami unanimous expressions of approval from tho fiat, hill and stand. Tho start was a fairly good one, with tho exception of Hosworth, who jumped round as tho flag full, and thus Jost several louglhs. This, howover, was not tho starter's fault, ami tho horse, to make amends for his lositiggrouml, darted after his iiehl at a great pace, aud, though at ouo time ho was fully twenty lengths behind, liu was ten lengths in front beforo thoy had gono half a mile. This sort of riding settled his chance, and nt tho homo turn tlio oulvonox having a chanco wero Ringmaster, Trenton ami Sheet Anchor. Tho former was beaten at tlio distance, und Trenton appeared to lie winning easily, but Sheet Anchor, running with tho utmost gameness, fought it out to the end. and was only beaten by half a length. Tlioro was soino applause at tho success of tho Now Zealander, and Dan O'Brien was con gratulated on tlio possession of so lino nn animal, whoso chanco of winning tho Mel- bouruo Cup is now second to none. Tbera wero just a dozen starters for tlio Ilotliatn Handicap, and Anglesey, Lesbia. Coiuot, Chuck- ster, Don caster, Off Color umlMcntmoro were all supported. Signor and Agitation mado most oE tho running, but nt tlio homo turn Comet and Mentuioro looked to bo most dangerous. Here, howover, Lesbia shot out, and, tlio light weight; serving her, she icept going to the end, winning liy half a length from Mcntmorc, who luing out; terribly nt tho finish. Neither Chuckster nog Off Color wero over 'augerous, tho going not; appearing to suit thoiu, and thero wero others behind tho wiuners who will probably run bettor later on ill tlio meeting. After luncheon, which was admirably served by Mr. Straker, fivo horses weighed out for the Weight for Agu llurdlo Race, aud of courso The Agent was voted tho best thing in it, though many argued that the improved form of Duration was suck thatliu possessed au excellent chance, though tlio ab surdity of starting Molrow in such a contest: was manifest, and many remarks were mado the reverse of complimentary to tlio judgment; of tho owner. A sound paco was inndo ail tho way by Royal Maid and Gasalier to half a uiilu from home, where tho former was beaten, ai.tl Duration then joined tlio leader, the favorito this time being some distauco in the rear. Tho littlo fellow, howover, camo with a wet sail at tbo hurdlo beforo entering tho straight and, joining issue at tho last hurdlo, ho won cleverly by a length from Gasalier, who kept him going to the end, and beat Duration for second lienors. Gasalier's performance was a real good one, and makes her losing at Cauliield only to bo nccounted for by indifferent; riding. Tlio Agent, on returning to weigh in, was loudly cheered, aud well ho deserved to bo, ns a gamer or a hotter korso of his size never carried a saddle. Tho win was a popular ono, as tho general public wero on, but tho stable did not back tlio liorso for any amount to speak of. Tho next event was the Maribyrnong Plato, and tho ivholo of tlio sixteen colored on the card weighed out. Tho first ou view wero Mr. Cooper's two, Blair gowrie and Choskam, and the former was gene rally voted ono of tho finest looking colts ever seen at Flemiugton, aud, though ho was unsuc cessful in tlio actual contest, his 3 year old career will bo wortli watching. Mr. White's pair, Acmo and Tamarisk, wore Raddled to gether, aud tho former naturally attracted au immense amount of gapo seed. Tho filly was cool and collected, ami her beautiful quality und shape, coupled with tho confidence ex pressed by tho stablo, caused her to hccoma firmer than ever in tho market. Tho Nun was another perfectly trained animal und as good looking as anything in tho paddock, and as she had shown Mr. J.D. Robertson a great trial, ho and his friends were confident of herability to put down tho favorito. Tho Adolaide represen tatives, Maildelina, Telephone aud Trojan, looked, well, but despite iho fact that she liud como with a great reputation from Caulfield, Louisa Berta did not picase, as sho looked dry in her coat and was anything but blooming. Damocles looked tho best of the remainder, though Divi dend will como nt a later period. Acme was very firm up to tho fall of tuo flag in the mar ket, 2 to 1 being difficult of attainment. Blair gowrie was next at fours, and Tbo Nun und Louise Berta wero tho best supported of tbo others. Thero was not much delay at tbo post, as tho youngsters behaved well, and tho flag dropped to a very oven start. Tho raco needs very littlo description, as beforo they had gono 200 yards Acniosuot to thefront, and, pullingtwo double nil tho way, won in u canter by threo lengths from Mnddcliua,lwhile Blairgowrio was close up third. Neither Tho Nun or Louisa Berta wero ever dangerous, and, in fact, tho lot might as well havo been in their stables for never was a raco won so easily. The time. I min. 4! sec., considering the nature of th® ground," was a real good go, and in Acme Mr. J. White has a veritable clinker. The liilywas brad by her present owner, and has started three never havingbeen beaten, aud as sheisin all the good things of this and next season she will pro bably appropriate many moro rich stokes before she leaves tho turf for tho stud, oatunlaya makes tho fourth Maribyrnong Mr. Ilhito has won, and as ho goes to work in the proper way to ensuro success ha may have many moro winners cf tho ricli two year old stakes- Selling ltace, which came next, baa ten runners, and backers uiace /tuafo, and Stonobroko tbe best favorites, hut tho ring had tho only genome torn of tho day, as Albanus, an 8 to 1 ehance. cama through at tho end, and won rather easily from Scaramoucho and Sola. The judire, who had previously shown a went f hoisting his decisions, rl?ed Solo second, instead of Scaramouch, tliongU tire latter gained tho position by several lengthsbut tho mistako was afterwards rectified- Tho great event of tho day, the Derby, came next, and . general were the inquiries as to how such a huge mistake as tearing it to bo run after fiva o'clock could have been made. In prOTiou® years the raco .has always succeeded, ttw Mfinbyrnone Plato, and it may pertinently be i mlced'why lhia practice waa not, continued. Manv of those present went specially to be© the 6erby, and hoped to return to town at a reasonably early hour, but in this they were disappointed, and the committee camo in for anything but blessings for the chaugo they had made. What the object was is not easily divined, and tho sooner the old system is reverted to the hotter. Of course the paddock was crammed, and when it was seen thai only eight numbers were hoisted a rnsh was made to inspect Mr. White's pair. These were saddled in the shed under the hill, and Nordenfeldt looked as fit as hands could make him, but Urr.IIa was not well and her rather mean appearance did not please, No liner looking auiural was there than Thuuderbolt, though he was a bit above himseU and will yet run butter at tho meeting. His stable com panion, Winchester, was in better form, but Dunlop looked as if ho had had ono too many, and when in tho straight broke out in to a cold sweat. First Chester did not please as he was dry and wasted ; but the remaiuing competitor, Isonomy, was a fine big raking horse, not remarkablo for quality, who had evidently dono a good preparation. Mr. Watson, who was very successful with tho flag all day, did not keep thorn long at tho post though Robertson, ou Dunlop, caused a little delay, for which be way fined, iu his anxiety to got away. At length the eight went away exactly in line, and Remus led them past tho stand along tho river side. Hero they closed up, and as they swept round tho turn by tho abattoirs Isonomy camo along with a clear load of tho others : tho favorite, First Chester, Thunderbolt and Winchester being in a cluster together. Isonomy was the first into the straight, but once they wero turnod for home, First Cheater shot out, and the race appeared to be over, as lie was going very strongly at tho distance, uearly a length in front of his field. Hero Ellis brought up Nordenfeldt, and, riding with great determination, gradually over- \- hauled tho leader, catching him 50 yards from home. Then ensued a desperato .1 \ _ _ 1 . a 1. . iihai Htruggic, UUU WJien l"U lliiui (UIW-U whuu rusv Chester ran right across the course, taking Nordenfeldt with him, but the latter, fighting it out with the utmost gumeness, notwithstanding tho difficulty ho was placed in, won a great raeo by a head. Winchester was an excellent third, Isonomy next, and tho others iu ' straggling order, the last being tlralla. The question arose after tho race whether First Chester should not have won had his rider taken a pull at tho dis- taucc and came again in tho last half-dozen strides, and we think he might. Tho fact of tho horse swerving was due to the breaking of Ills breastplate, and was not in any way a piece of purposely foul riding. It was only the day before tho race that the 6tablo decided Hales should rideUralla instead of Nordenfeldt, aud in giving the mount on the latter to Ellia unquestionable judgment was displayed, as tho latter is without doubt tho most vigorous horse- man of tho two, and it was only this determin ation that got'the horse home first. Nordenfeldt was bred in New Zealand by tho Auckland Stud Company and purchased as a yearling by Mr White, for whom he has won tho A.J.C. Derby, V.R.C. Derby and other important races. After the horses had passed tho post the judge made another mistake, and hoisted 10, Urftlla's number, instead of 3, Nordenfeldt. The error was ho palpable that tho crowd drew attention to it in terras tho reverse of polite, and it was afterwards rectified, though not before telegrams had 'been sent all over tho colonies 'and to town , announcing the marc's victory. Mr' Wdlcoly has certainly not been a success- up to thoi present; and he will have to .improves at great vdoal before ho equals any of his predecessors. Tho concluding event of tho day, the Coburg Stakes, brought out a field of sovcuteen runners, uud Bohemian, uacked from 8 to 1 dowu to 5 to 2, won cleverly by a length, though many of those behind him were meroly out for an airing, and tho handi- cappcr would do well' to keep an eyo upon them. Tlio following are tho details of the raciug : — mbx.nocr.NR Starts, n sweepstakes of 5 sots, eaeli, 2 ft, with 300 added. Second homo to receive 50 sots. nnt of the stake. For 3 yrs. old and umrards. Welch b for nge. One mile mid u quarter. D. O'Brien's b h Trenton, by Musket—' Frailty, 4 yrs. 9 st. .. (Robertson) 1 M. Loughlin's br h Sheet Anchor, aged, 9 st. 4 lb. (O'Brien) 2 J. Wilson, jcn.'s, b or br c Ringmaster, 3 yrs., 7 st. 11 lb .. .. (Moore) 3. M. Bryant's br h Buswcrih, aged, 9 st 4 lb. (Ryan) 0 J. Whlttlngham's br h Prometheus, 0 yrs., 9 st. 4 lb. ... .. .. ,, (Trnhnn) 0 V. A. bong's b or br h Honcyduw, 4 yrs., 9 st. .. ' (Collcy) 0 TV. Fielder's b or br b Mozart, 4 yrs.. 9 st. (Kamngo) 0 I. Hcnty's b c Cyclops, 3 yrs., 7 st. 11 lb. (Sanders) 0 Petting: 2 to 1 against Ringmaster, 5 to 2 Trenton, 7 to 1 lloncydcvr, 8 to 1 each Prometheus and Sheet Anchor, 10 to 1 Mozart, 20 to 1 Cyclops. TYenton caused some trouble at the post by til eagerness to gel nway, while Bosworth behaved iu quite a different inninicr by vcfuslng to go up to lib horses. lie paW the penalty for this by getting left at the post while nil the other horses jumped away pretty well together. Ringmaster l>cing the first to show In advance of the others, Trenton and Sh-'ct Anchor being next, whh Mozart, Honeydew and Cyclops next, and Bosworth last. As the horses passed tho bridge Klugtna&tcr; had a slight leud of Trenton, while Bosworth was very. rapidly overhauling his tielJ. By the time the hack of the course was reached lie had gone right to tho front, and soon had a lead of three lengths, Ringmaster and Trenton still heading tho others. Passing tho abattoirs Bosworth wax still lead ing. Cyclops, having been taken up into second plnce, Trenton. Ringmaster, Honeydew, Sheet Anchor and Mozart following in order as written, with IToinotheiw last. Cyclops led past the sheds and round as far ns tho turn into the straight, Honeydew and .Sheet Anchor Jmpro lng their positions on the way, while Bosworth dropped back. Unco in tho straight, Ringmaster, who was close behind, soon deprived him of the load, but Sheet Anchor also came up on the inside and looked very like a winner. 2'rontothcn also improved hlsjKjsitlon, hut never got on terms with sheet Anchor, who was, however, challenged by Trenton, who came on tho out- tside and soon got love! with Sheet Achor, whom he heat homo without any great effort by half a length. Ring master, who persevered to the end, was third a length and a half off. while lTooiouictis was fourth, Cyclops tilth. Mozart sir.th, Honeydew seventh, and Bosworth fast Time, 2 min. 16.) see. Hottum Handicap, n sweepstakes of 5 sots, each, 1 ft., with 300 ndded second horse to receive 70 ami tho third 30 sov5. ont 0! tho stake. For 3-year-olds and up wards. .Ono inilound a half and a distance. & Davis's br in Lesbla, by Tim Wblffler— Peerless, 6 vr«„ G st 5 Ik (M'Downll) 1 .7, WhUtiutfluun's bh Mcnmiorc, 5 yra., Gat. 10 lb. .. . .. .. ... .. .. (Guy) 2 G. S. Harris s b or bk h Signer, 5 yrs., 6 st. 10. lb. carried 2 lb. over (Brown)- 3 .7 Wilson, jun.'s, h or br h Off Color, 5 yrs . 9 st. .. ., (Moore) 0 P. S. Wallace's b h Chuckster, aged, U st. 2 lb. (O'Brien) 0 S. G. Cook's b b Anglesey, 6 yra., 7 st. 5 lb. (Dalton) 0 ' W. A. Long's b g Comet, aged, 7 st. 3 lb. (Flanagan) 0 T. Jones's br h Doncmtttfr. aged, 7st. 3 lb. (Ktttldge) 0 TV. lVarson's b h Kingship. 4 yrs., 7 st 3 lb. (Too-w) 0 Cupt lialincs's bk m Lantern 4 yrs.. Cat. 10 lb. (M'Auliffe) 0 C. II. T. Hart's b mo Agitation, aged, G at. 4 lb. (Tumbter) 0 M. .Kelly's b gCenoo 5 yrs., 6 st .. .. (Cox) 0 Betting : 5 to I against Lcsbln, G to 1 each Agitation, Comet and Mcntmorc, 7 to 1 each SIgnor and Don- raster, 8 to 1 Chuckster. Genoc and Lcsbia were tlic . llr.1t awny, Donca>ter being next, with SIgnor and Aghntion at the hqad. of the others. As thev passed tho .stand Agitation went to the front and had a lead of about thrco lengths from Dancastcr, SIgnor and Comet, Mcntmorc and Clmckstcr being the two last. Along tho rlror tide Agitation continued to cat out tho running, Doncastcr, Comet, Ixstria. Lan- tern. Off Color and Kjngship following in order as written, with Chuckster and Mcntuioiu luit. Much tho tmmo order was preserved passing the bridge, though Off Color nnd Lantern dropped back behind the others. Along the Iwick Agitation led the fluid by a rouple of lengths, Doncastcr nnd Comet etlll filling the other places, whilo Kingship and Losbi.i wore almost on oven terms will) them. Fussing the abat toir Agitation had slightly Increased her lead, while I/jjbJa on tho outside wax close up to second place. Signor also was Improving his position, nnd pass ing the sheds he took tho lead with Lcsbia nnd Agita tion running close behind him, the field now being whipped In by Off Color. Signor led round tho turn and Into tho straight, Le.slua sucking close to him. with Doncnster and Anglesey nt tho Read of tho others, while Chuckster, who was Improving his pace, wax close up. Signor led into the straight, where Lcsbia soon challenged him, Moritiuoro also coming through with a run and looking dangerous, liowover, Lcsbia, raciug In tirst class stvlc, held her own nnd finished by lasting Menimore by a length nnd a half, while .signor, two lengths off, tilled third place. Lantern was fourth. Comet fifth, Anglesey sixth, Chnckster seventh. Agitation eighth, Kingship ninth, with Off Color lust. Time, 2 m. 57 s. WiUGttT roii Aor. HtmniB Race. A sweepstakes of 6 sovs. each, 1 ft., with 200 added. Weights— 3-ycar- olds to carry 9 st. 10 lb.; 4 yrs., 10 st. 12 lb.- 5 >ts., list. 10 lb.; 6 yrs. And aged. 12 st. 2 lb. A bout "two miles. C 1L T. Hart's cf) h The Agent, aged, by Slanderer, 12 St. 2 llu (Ferguson) 1 W. Fcorson's b tn Gasallcr, 6 yrs., 11 sl 11 lb. (U&rdincr;) 2 J. Cripps's bk h Duration, 5 yrs., 11 st. 10 lb. .. -- - (M'Leod) 3 J. Colum's ch m Royal Maid, aged, 11 st. 11 lb. .. (Klldnff) 0 A. F. Bradshaw's b g Molrow, aged, 11 st. 13 lb. , (Butler) 0 , , Betting: 6104 on The Agent, 3 to 1 against Dura tion, 4 to 1 each Royal Moid and Gasall r, 100 to 1 Mol- row. The horses went awny steadily, Royal Mold lead ing over the first hurdle, Gasaller bring second, Molrew and Duration next with the favorite last, \- ' Gasalier soon went to the front and showed tho way into the straight. Duration being second, RotaI Moid ..ocxt. Molrow next, aud The Agent lasr. Passing the .'tsiahdlG|AaJlerlod RoynMuIdandJDurailon coming next, 1 wlfliTTw Agent foarth. and Motrow, who required o ' -lot of riding to send him along, tast. Boned the river I rido tnrn Gasallcr led Royal Maid by a eonple of lengtiii, Duration pulling hard being third. «uid 'Hie Agait, , . sliding along tn his usual cosy style, fottrtli. with Molrow last. Already out of the hunt. Passing the bridge Royal Maid went up and deprived Gasallcr of ' tho lead, but except for this the positions were nu- chrnged. At the hurdle urnr this point Duration blundered and nearly came dowu. Along tho back Royal Maid was about a length ahead of Gasaticr, who was only just In advouce of Duration, Tiw Agent bring some three tcogtli behind, while Molrow was quite out of tho race. Tito favorite r.ap|>cd a hurdle as lite horses approached the. abattoirs, and Inst some ground, which caused some person to think he was beaten. Royal Mold led past tlie training sheds, villi a couple of lengths lead of Duration and (iasxlkT, but just after passing this point Ferguson called ou the iavorite, and, tho gallant little chu&nut;, responding in Ids usual gome style, soon had the livid going at Uelr best pace. However, despite his top weight, he was too many for tbem, and Ms wonderful qniekness over the £nrdtca enabled him to gain ground very rapidly, the result being that, by the time tfto entrance to the straight was reached, he hud tlie lead, the previous leader, Royal Maid, having lost some ground by strik ing the hurdle at the turn. Coraiiu- to the last hnrule The Agent, Gasaller ar.d Duration wrre oil close t> \- - gether, the favorite having a slight lead. He Hew the henlie In a .way which goinod him gronnd, while Dara- tiwjnmped.siightl.v across, and last a lirtir. Ferguson 1 trus tvluclqg his fredy, hut did cot tied U cccuh sary to punhh bis ltorae, who beat GasnUcr homo by a length and a half. Duration, wlm w.n«i third, bring a lungtti Irclihci the m.u-c. i,oy :» I Maid finbhr-.d next aud Molrow came ir. a bad last, l ime, 3 mm. £>-< tec. 7 uk Maruitcnonu I't-atk. A swvepstakts of SO s«v. each. It. fL.-Or 5 sots, only If dedurcd. with 500 added. I'or 2 yrs. old— coits, « aL 10 lb.; fllllcs. 8 nl 01b. Tlie second horse to reeeivo 200 sovs. nnd tho third 100 sovs. out of the stake. (120 snbs.) i'lvo (artongs. J. Whit'-'s lir f Acme, bv Chester— Princess Maude (Imp.j. 3 »l 5 lb. .. ' (Halo) 1 L. Watson's ch f MndiU'lltn, 8 st. 5 1b. .. (W.aseT) 2j D. Coopers eh c Blairac»wrfc,3 wt. 10 lit (RriVrtMin) 3 I ( apt. Haunt:.' br c Duffonn. 3 st. 10 lb. .. ilvimvj 0 W. Pearson's lire Dividend. 8 st. 10 lb. .. U'owe:) 0 Sir W. if. clnrke's br c Dainoclra, 8 st 10 lb. | (R«wl;ngs) .0 < li. Uray'1 hrc Retort. 8 at 10 lb. .. (Ibaithwnito 0 | I). Coooer'seh c Chcshnm 8 st 10 lb. ., (Kc!>oj 0 W. l-'orrestor's li c Halcyon. 8 st. 10 ih. ... (vlottglu 0! J. 11. IU«I» be Telephone. 0 sf. 10 lb. .. (Qtthm) 0 W. and A. Croz er's br c Trojan, 8 st. 10 lb. .. (1). O'Brien) O D. S. Wallace's !» f KssJc, 8 st 5 lb. .. tColluy) O P. H.inn's ch f PevorJnu, 8 st. 5 lb. .. (Suumic.V) 0 W. D. Robertson's b f The Hun. 8 st. 5 lb. ..(Moore) 0 L. L. Suiith's bor br f Louise Bcrta, 8 st 5 'lb, (M. O'Brien) 0 J. White's b f Tamarisk, C st 5 U». .. .. (KllU) 0 Betting : 2 to I ngalmt Acme, 4 tc 1 Blairgowrie, G to 1 The Nun. 7 to 1 Louise Berta, 12 to 1 Trojan. I4 to I cAch Halcyon. Tamarisk and Mnddriina, 20 to I each KssTe. Damocles aud Telephone. When tSie sixteen youngsters took up their jmsitlon.-. at the starting post- it was sjcu that The Nun was next tho insido.rails, with TumurM;. Acme nmlCliclimn next to her. On thcout- sitie, Duffcrin was' 'nearest the fence, Kssle nnd MaddeUna being his companions, while Blairgowrb wm nearly in the middle. Retort wns the only one to mlsbeltave at the post nnd Mr. Watson, after two Attempts, sent tho lot nway on even terms, Mnddcliiu I wing quickest nnd Halcyon slov.-ost at jutnphig off. 'J he Nun soon showed slightly hi advance of the others. Che.V.tam nnd Acme also being prominent, while Blairgowrie and Mnddellna were well up. Tito Nun, Acme, uud Blairgowrie were the three first to cross the run, n.ul entering the course proper Acme >vns clearly in advance of the field, with The Nun next the inside ftnee ami Blairgowrie in the centre. Telephone, Halcyon, AWuidcihm, Choluun, Re tort nnd LonDe Berta being those in the front dlv'slon. Aetna was increasing her advantage r.r even strule, and MuddtTtna. also, was ciunhig very fast, liosvever. the favorite was never challenged, nnd, despite tins South Australian filly's pare, Mr. White's lending representa tive won cash, by 3 clear Icugtlis. Blairgowrie, n length behind Ma Uleihur was third, f.oube Berta fourth, Tho I Nun fifth, DivIiFnn sixth, rhesham, Damocles. Tele phone finishing next, white Devotion nnd Duffcrin were lust. lima. I min. .jJ cc. MARIRYRNONG PLATB WINN F.Rf, 1 t v! S Kiiuio. | lVdl-rco. I Tlia-. | jl_. I | £ 1871 1 Argus Scandal;Aee of Club.— Ladvj !' i llcron "JIG 4 1872-Dngtnar .. LMarihvrnotig — Night-) ! light I 1 0 12 1873 toekbri'dge . JSlovkliam — Grannv .. 19 21 1874' Maid All Work'KIng Alfred— MWchtef 1 9 4-10;22 1875.Ncwuiinater .. J'he Marquis— Spa ..18 19 lOTddluln-na ..tYattemlon — Athoiinc.. 1 3J 21 18/#. VT:lca:t .jVattcmlop — Montana.. 1 7$ 123 1878' NclUe .. ..|Ttm WhiHIcr— Snppho | I 5 |29 1879 Palmyra .. Muribyrnottg— Pawn ., 1 4 23 ; \ It'ethnul Green— Col-\ Wcl. .Tack f I lecn Bnwn.. ..'It -1 U-, <:Lnviuia ( :TalW-lhc.HUl-- f 1 27 )i Nancy .. ..)i 1391 Segenhoo ..jMaribvrnong — Tltef I 1'uwn 14 CO 1332 Narinu ..-Yattendon — Atladinc..' t 4d ;28 1833 inhmihe ..Maribyrito'g— Roscdnlei .1 )m 13i Newstvad .. Ncckvr.rg-at— Aun ..I 1 3 ,20 1SS3. Acute .. ..A'iiesrcr— I'ri'ccss Maudj 1 45 jlG Selling Bali;, u swecp>lukes of 3 sots. ouch. 1 P.. with 150 added. For 3 years old and upwards. Weight for ape. Tho winner to be sold for £150 ; 7 lb. Allowed for every £30 reduction in helling price. Seven fur longs. J. W.'trnu's eh r Albamn, 3 yri.(n:7), by proto Jlaiayr — bidy Avetud, rt>r. 8 lb. .. (M'Dowell) 1 ; T. Coffey's brg Scaramouch, acd (ni/), 7 fct 7 lb. (Anders) 2 T. .k'twi s ch c Solo. 3 yrs. (nil), 6 st. 61b. (Flanagan) 3 Sir \Y. J. Clavlto's g g Piumtotu, aged (tuV) 7 sc. 7 10. (Robcrtsen) 0 W. Bailey's ch ni Virago G vrs. DttV), 7 fat. 5 lb. (Ellis) 0 J. A. Lang's br m Agatha, 5 yrs. (nil), 7 st 5 lb. .. (Musgrave) 0 S. Mahon'i b g Stonebrokc, 4 yrs. (nff), 7 st. 4 lb. (Wetwol) 0 W. Bland's b c Egbert, J yrs. <mY), (! st. 6 lb. (Cox) 0 3'. Lamtmd's ch e Phaon, 3 yrs. (nil), G st. 6 lb. 4\. (M'Anliffo) 0 W. Pearson's b g Sparkle. 3 yrs. (»u7), G st. ..(Gurry) 0 Betting: 3 to 1 each against Virago nnd Solo, 4 to 1 Stnnel»rnbo, 6 to 1 Phnr.toin, 7 to 1 Albanus. Egbert was quickest ou his lugs, hut he boon gave place to Alhnuui, who, attended by Stoncbiokc, Solo and Sparkle, innde Hm running past tho abattoirs and round the turn, whore the wholo field were dose np together. Albanus N'towt<l tb : way, nnd ».> he beared tho straight, Sc.iruniuuuli joined lilm, th ) «;i ir witii Solo being in front niihey turned in. Albanus fell b:iok ciightly us they raced Imrae, nnd it nppemcd n« though Swra- inotich r.ud Soh) wciv to )?c 1 fs tu fight out tlie. issue. Howeviu. Athaimi got up ngahi mi tho Inside at tiie right nmrntmi. nnd on rxritlpg !in>!i roultsd in a win lur him t«y thrcu-.tiiurtcri of u lyngUi from Scaramouch, wlto wa.n alcngt it t;hea<i nf Sub". y irago womi good fourth, Egbert fifrh. I'hnon lxth. Agntha seventh, Phantom t' ud Sparkle being next, with Mouidivoku lust. Time; 1 min. 31 J see. The winner was bonght iu for £105. Victoim.v Drnr.v. a sv.e»pstAkes of 25 sov."'. each, .CO 10\. ft., with t»50 Added ; S0J sovs. ami nil tito swoop- stakes for the first Iwivj, 100 for the s,'caui uud 59 fur the third; 126 Mills. J. White's br c Nuiuenfcidt, bv Jfuskci— Onyx. 8 M. 10 lb (Kills) 1 W. Kelso's br c. Pirur Chester. 8 st, 10 lb, ..(Kelso) 2 W. Robinson's br e Winchester (lute Manchester), C St. 10 Ih. (Power) 3 S. G. Cook's bh c Remus. 8 st. It) lb. .. (Sunuders) 0 A. R. KoUauou» h c Dunlop, 8 sr. 10 lb. (Robertson) 0 31\. Locke's b e Isonotyy. 8 sr. 10 Jli. .. (Quinn) 0 W. liubinsou'i br c Tiiuudcrbolt, 8 st. 10 »b. (Derritt) 0 J. White's h or br f ITratln, 8 st. 5 lb. .. (Hales) 0 Retting: 5 to 4 against Nordenfeldt. 9 to 2 Thunder bolt, G to 1 each Dunlop and isonomy, 8 to 1 Gntliu, 15 to 1 Remus, 29 to 1 Fhst Chester ami Winchester. The positions taken up by tho horses at tho post were — Uialla, tuwl tho rails ou the inside. Hum Winchester, Isonomy, First Chester, Dituinp, immus aud Norden feldt, with Thunderbolt on tho outside. Tho lust mtMiticncd : bowed himself n bit lively nt tho post, but this did uot prevent Mr.'Wauon effecting a splendid start, N<u\le»rcldL uud Renins moving quickest. Remus nt cunvi look first pines, ami led p«t the graud staiuk with the favorite second, Donomytt Ird, Dunlop fourth. Thunderbolt nnd First Chester being next with Win chester nnd rralln Inst. Along tlie riverside Remus led by u couple of lengths from isonomy. who hud sofoml Nurdi'iifeldt. who was "fillln,- position, lining three lengths behind. A length behind him wu Thunderbolt, with Dunlop on his quarter, First Chester, and Winchester being next, with Uralla lest First Chester was eased n little ns the horses nppronched tho bridge, parsing which lie took the place of whipper In. Remus still led Isonomy by a eoup'o of lengths, while Nardcnfeldt relalnrd his third position. Dunlop bring fourth, wRU Tliumlorbolt. Uralla nnd Winchester next nnd Fir>t Cho<ter lust. As the horses reached the back of tho courrc Remus gave up pride of place to Isonomy, nnd tho pair run In tho places thus e.xeimnged, Nonlenfcldt keephig his third pod'ioti. Tlmndorliolt was now Im proving ids pace, and smin was fourth, close upon Nor denfeldt, Whirh:ater u:ut I'ralla being next, while Dun lop win dropping Uncle to !;» ep First Chwiter company, the lust mentioned sti.l being in tho vigu. As the horses passed the nbattnlr.s Isonomy had n lend of about four lengths from Rcinu», who was slightly In ihtvanec of NordcufeUU, Tlumderbolt npil Winchester. Tlie po'ijtinns of the first three horses remained un changed until nftcr the training shels were pastel, hue roiinditig the. turn towards tho entrance to tlie straight ItcmtLs dropped back, while Uralla and Winchester went up tn Nonlenfcldt. who was now second to Isonomy ; First Chester nbo was coming towards the front, and entering thn straight lie was well up. having left 'Hr.mdeiboU and Dunlop at the rear. Isonomy, on the inside running, led hito tho straight, Winchester. Nordcnfcldt, Remus, Fir»t Chester nnd Uralla being nc.trer t to him. Isonomy led umil the distance wjis reached, where First Chester, who was In the centre of the course, got on terms with lihn, and soou had the irad, the South Australian tint being able to race when the tdneh came. Remus and I'ralla also were quite nmibln to follow First Chester up, but Nordenfeldt, .on tl;« tmtsFe. never loM. 1:1s forwaid podtlait, and choos ing his tiniR to n nicety, Ellis brought hint up by vigorous r' 'ding and soon got on even terms with First Chester, with at this Idcnt'cnl monwnt, when the (wir were not forty yards from the post, swerved right aci"o«s the cqprse, running NoiilettfeUlt out nf his line wiilt hint, However, Kills kept at the favorite, nnd by sheer vignrmn riding landed hint n winner quite on the judge's box side of the course hy a neck, amid tho greatest exrit'.nnent. cva;yho«lv lioving seen how nar rowly the favorite had esc-.tped being !>eatcn by an ncci- deni'nt the finNlt. First Chester was a bare length nhcfld of Winchester for second place. Isonomy bring fourth. Thunderbolt fifth, Dunlop sixth, I'ralla »cvcnth, and Rctnus Inst. Time : 2 tttin. 48J sec. tiviuiii.v it.udi ttia.m'.us. £ , Ilorsa. Pedigree. g E— Z"- m. s. 1350 Flying Colors Dolo— Shdl-na-Gulra ..3 2 4 1851 Camden .. Onnrnd or Wnrhnwk— 2 53 7 Calllopo lP02Jlarwnn .. Bolardo— Jeanerto .. 2 59 6 IStaOrirtammo .. Rianlo — Tricolor ..3 3 7 HPDjLnntrvn .. Mnseavndo— NldttHght 2 W 4 13G5 Anffler .. Fisherman — Marchlon- 2 51 4 I ess l98G|Sesgnll .. Fisherman— Omen ..3 4 3 1867)Fireworks .. Kelpie— GasUcht .. 2 56 5 18' diFlreworks ..IKelpIe— Gaslight- .. 2 53 5 lffftjMy Dream ..iristierman— ' N'ghtlight 248 9 1860, Charon .. Ferryman— Juliet .. 2 55 7 IDTO Florenco .. Bolardo— Romj uf Den- 3 0 7 1871 Miss tTwule .. Mtirihymong— MnsWora 2 <9 7 1972 Lonp Garoa .. Lord of Liuuc— Hebe., 2 46 8 1873'Lspidlst ..Fireworks— Chrysolite 2 5U 11 1874'Melhourne ..fPanle— Myth .. .. 2 4r,i: 11 1375 B or br c — !Khe»vorks— Sylvia .. 2 48 j 10 137G Rrisris.. ,.;Thn Whiffler— ilusidora 2 43k 8 I877«:hcster .. Yat tendon— Ludv 2 43 12 | j Chester .. .. < 1878, Wellington ..iPanlc— Kroit Frou .. 2 47 , 6 1879;Suwarrow .. iSnowdcn — I'hlzglg 2 43,13 IfcSO Graitd Flaneun' Yattendon— First Lady 2 44 f II iGH Datv.bin .. The Peer— Lurlina .. 2 41/9 12 1882 Navigator .. Robinson Crusoe— Co- 1 i coanut .. .. 2 4lV 10 1833 MarilnMlcmy IMuokct— fylria .. 2 39 9 1384'Uufns .. ..jKing of the Ring— Prln- I cess Altca .. .. 2 4l|J 11 l833Nordenfi-1Jt ..iMusket — onyx .. 3 48jl 8 Conrita Stakes, a handicap nweepstnkcs of 5 tors, each. 1 fL, with 20) udded. ccuud liorso to receive 50 £ovs. out of the stake. For 3-ycur-oldsaud upwards. Onetnilo and a furlong. T. Joiim's br It BoJicmian, 4 yrs., by Marlbyrnong— Nina. 7 it- 6 lb (Flannlgon) 1 W. and A. Crozler's br g Lantern, 6yrs., 8 st 11 lb, (D. O'Brien) 2 W. Pe.ir?o:i b f Parody. 3 yrs.. Gst .. (Gorrle) 3 J. l>. RobcrUoa's b g Stafford, 6 yrs., 8 st. 10 lb. (Mooro) 0 J. G. ltcil's ch g The Ghost, aged, 8 st 10 lb. (Williams) J. Ware' ch 1) lrralce. 6 >rs.. 8 st 8 ih. ..(Jenkins) 0 A. RflK- ttnJu's eb h Dirk lUUcroick, 5 yrs.. 8 st 0 hi. (Foon) 0 J. CrozUt , jam', b or br h Tho lsra6lite, need, 8 t 8 lb (O'Connor) 0 n. Rouse, jun.'s. ch h Wing, 5 yrs., 8 st 5 lb. .. (Xcrrikcr) 0 W. R. Ilcll's ch h Lord Exeter, 4 yra, 8 st 2 lb. (Williamson) 0 W. A. Fi.'gate's br h Lariugton, 4 yrs., 7 at 9 lb. (IVcftKl) 0 J. AYhlttiuglium't ch U Mcrrlmtt, 4 yra, 7 at 9 lb, (Rohan) 0 S. Cook's b orbr xn Marie Louise, 4 yra, 7 st. 71b (Robertson) 0 J. White's cb cu Tctapc, 4 yrs., 7lL 71U., (EUis) 0 H. u. 7 a foot 'a b h Wavcrlcv, 5 vrs., 7 «. 5 lb. (Blair) 0 W.'!aoi.'> li C ta C'tt'd. 3 Via.. 7 st. 3 lb, . (Fallon) 0 T. Uoffov's b f lloiievcotnb, 3yn».. 6st, 11 lb. iCox) 0 M. Bryant's b. li Real Jam. 4 yra , Gst .. (TuuBln) O S. Garduic's br f Buttrcxs, 3 yrs., G st ..(Johnson) 0 It,: ting; 5 to 2 at first and thrn 8 to 1 against Bo hemian, 3 to 1 Tempo. 5 to 1 .Marie f.otura, 6 to 1 Murrimu, 10 to 1 vach Parody and l.nu'.crn. A fair . start wa.> rff<.Mscd. Whig l.etng quickest nvr.'iv, followed hy Stnffmd ami Lexington, Rut- trcv» lieing last. I'jssmg the uhattoirs Dirk IlHltcraiek was prominent In front with Whig, Luyingtm and Sutffurd nlsn bring well up. As tliu horses raqie round towards the straight Laringtou ltd, 1 and it was ren that Tcmpe and Bohemi.iii liad each I made a forward move. Bohenilsu canu> to tlie front as lite straight was reached and led home. Jainiern und ! Pnro.lv each making an unsuccessful effort :o rivcrltaul him. A good finish resulted in Bohemian winning by a 1 length from Lantern, Parody threu-quurter of n luiigUt I off. Itcing thiisl. Mcrrimu. who run up well iu the straight, was fourth. Tempo fifth. The Isntulho sixth. Marie Louise ravuuth, Stafford ciglitit. l.ord Kxeter ninth. Recall. The Ghost, Honeycomb. I.nvingtfln and IVaverlcy (inisiiing in thut onicr, witlt Real Jam and Butitcsi uriilpping tiie field in. 'lime, 1 min. 59| ace. 