CHRIST CHURCH SCHIS- MATICISM This Church was never sound. In the days of Mr. Walsh it had a tendency to Puseyism; and now we find it disporting all the frippery of incipient Ritualism, what, the Bishop of Cork happily called "Babyism." j.c is ascomsning now, rne, numau mina adheres to the "fascinations ' of sense, Yand forms;1 - Even - under, the -thunders of Sinai the Israelites worshipped the Golden Calf. «So the Apostle Paul said to." the . Corinthians, r " The natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God, because they ..are spiritually dis cerned.",, , Man r, in his natural condition . is more 'or less' an idolater; he worships not1.God , in .spirit- ..or/, truth ;,.his religion is ; one" of' ceremonies .arid" exciting "dispiays, /which minisfei /to/the /.feelings /and pas- , sions of- our/nature, and-wliich is'imist'aken for the.rhoiy:aiTectionB, of. Christian yene- ration.and .love.-; r . . ... > We have such a display represented to us in the following paragraph in the Daily Telegraph, under the head of Christ Church:- "The Easter, festival was ushered in on Easter Eve by festal even song at 730, at which a large congregation assisted. The Church presented a beautiful appearance. The altar in its elaborately embroidered vestings of white and coloured silks, was brilliant with its many lights and flowers. The altar and sanctuary steps were banked with choice exotics." At this service a banner in honor of the blessed Sacrament was borne in procession before the celebrant, the Recessional cross leading the van; the chief feature in the evening service being a special re cessional hymn by the Rev. B. Powell, adapted to the ancient Latin hymn, Salve festa dies ; the alternate verses being sung by three choristers, then the Hallelujah and Worthy is the Lamb. What a med ley of the profane with the sacred ! What a contrast to the simplicity of our Lord's institution. "And in the evening he came with the twelve, and as they sat and did eat, Jesus said, Verily I say unto you, one of you which eateth with me shall betray me, &c;, and as they did eat Jesus took bread and blest and brake it, &c.;" (2 Mark, xiv.) What a solemn, simple ordinance, without banner or cross, or theatrical, display ; but the senses must be gratified, man must do some pretty thing to recom- mend himself to God. Now the whole of these proceedings is a violation of the Homilies, the sacramental service, and the rubrics, and that by a "Vicar" of the Church, who it appears as the "celebrant" marched in pompous order heading, the procession. We have seen the rev gentleman when secretary to the City Mission, which he has abandoned, kneel and pray without a prayer book, in true Scriptural manner : but he discovered he was in error, re-. canted, and like men who have but little ballast, abjured his former action. There is no such thing sanctioned in the Church of England as an altar. It is purposely called in the Homily, "The Table of the Lord," and so in the Sacra mental service to distinguish it from Popish worship ; in fact the name and the thing were deliberately expelled from the Prayer Book and the Churches. The preface in the Prayer Book on ceremonies is worthy to be read in .those; times - of 'show worship. " These cere monies-were first of good intent, the In stitution of man, yet at length they. be,-, became vanity and superstition,,; some by indiscriminate devotion and zeal without! knowledge, and because they were winked, at they, became more and more abusive; and have much blinded the people, and< ob - scured the glory of God, and are worthy to be cut away and rejected." We must have the battle of Puseyism over again. Bishop Broughton was se duced into the patronage of the Lay As- sociation until he was astonished by the 90th Tract, and the secession of two of the prominent clergy, and the wavering of others all but ready to follow. The leader of this movement was a solicitor, a stranger, " the great run of the day ;" but he disappeared from the colony rather suddenly, forgetful of some trusts he held for clients. What is wanted in the Church of Eng land;: is not theatrical display, but . a Gospel preached in purity and simplicity, less rigid formality, and less hierarchical pomp. How low were all the Churches bp- , fore the days . of Wesley, Whitfield, and Roland : Hill ; these apostolic men, , Jiez the. historian describes..' all- the ; religious bodies to have lost evangelical life;" -to teach only a cold morality, to have ,'had no missions, Sunday Schools, &c.; ; in fact to be spiritually dead until these noble men broke through the narrow ecclesias- ticism of the day, but were ejected from the .Church for such irregularities. iThere are some noble men at the pre sent day, but we want in these colonies more missionary action, like that of the Great Teacher and the Apostles. We want men that may be termed Evange lists, like Timothy and Titus, independent ofnthe settled Churches, yet auxiliaries, to go. forth in the highways and bring in the people. The vanity ; . fairs of Christ Church will have no effect , on sinners and sufferers. As for the numbers who at tended this exhibition, the people of Syd ney are a sight-seeing people, and/ it matters not whether it be a horse or boat race, or a Church procession their curi osity, will attract them. " May we hope the incumbent, formerly possessed of a zeal both practical and rational, may again consider his ways and give up this importation of Ritualism; which has led so many down the slippery path to Rome; and abandon the puerility which is a mockery of the most solemn and last rites of Christ's dying agony and love1 to, fallen man, "take and eat this in remembrance of me." No doubt the Resurrection of Christ is a cause of a great triumph and great re joicing, but tho joy may not properly em ploy a -pompous display of flags and wooden crosses, resembling the exhibition of the Host in Popish countries. The ghost of poor Sconce1 rises1 before us as1 a warning of the invidiousness of Buch follies, and 'the duty in fidelity to. our. Church of exposing such theatrical exhibitions under the sanction and .teach ing of a Yicar, who declares -he believes every1 thing in the Prayer. Book. This movement iB really schismatic." R:S. "-n 