A SERMON FROM THE GAOL Under the regulations of the Melbourne Gaol, the Rev. J. A. Bo^ie is allowed to write weekly to the members of his church. At both services conducted by his congregation on Sunday, Queen's Birthday, the following letter from Sir Dowie was read Melbourne Gaol, 20th May, 1885. To the Stewards, Office-bearers, and Members of the Free Christian Church, Fitzroy. — Beloved Brethren and Sisters in the Lord Jesus Christ. — When I saw our seven brethren, ' my companions in tribulation and in the kingdom and patience of Jesus Christ,' an Tuesday morning, I thought of the words, ' And there went with Him a band of men, whose hearts God had touched.' (1 Sam., xi., 26). I greatly rejoice at the many increasing proofs I have that this is true of you all, both women and men, for I am sure that, should occasion arise, you are prepared to follow Jesus anywhere and everywhere His Word directs and the I^oly Ghost le-»ds. The sweet songs of our Christian pilgrimage, which we have so often sung together, have been full of' deeper' meaning and sweeter comfort to us since we came into this prison ; and the Word '.-Hof God has been as leaves of healing from the tree of life, whilst the . Spirit has led us beside the river of the water of life. Green have been the pastures, and still the waters. Faith, like a powerful telescope, has revealed the invisible ; and as I have looked away across the sea, it has seemed, sometimes, that I could ' View the shining glory shore, our Heaven, our home for evermore.' Faith, like a tele phone, has seemed, too, to bring echoes of the heavenly music ; and sometimes it has seemed as if the lonely cell was .filled with heavenly vieitants, and with light and joy unutterable, rso that to awake to the reality that I was lying on the hard bed of a dark, cold prison was even more difficult than to banish what some might call the imaginary scenes of the dreams and visions of the night. I wish often that 1 could fix these more permanently upon my memory than I fear I have done, and if I could only impart one-thousandth part of the beauty and glory of these scenes to the words of my mouth, I should preach what it would thrill the world to read and hear. But I dare not attempt to write of them. now. They must be left for happy days yet to come, when a free Christian platform and a free Christian Press are once more at my dis posal. Beloved, 1 continue to be much exercised upon the subject of holiness, and I am more and more led forth in prayer that ye may be ' a holy people,' not conformed nor transformed, ' that ye may be perfect and entire, want ing nothing.' (James i, 4.) You will observe that this Divine perfection of life is connected with ' the trying of your faith,'' which the Spirit tells us worketh patience (see James i, 3.) What a beauti ful word that is — 'patience' — and how sweet its connection with the life of Jesus ; — 'the patience of Christ.' Some of you may remember that my family motto is ' Patience,' and that it is connected with a singularly appropriate device, namely, a dove flying with outstretched wings, bearing a sprig of olive over a stormy sea. Oh, how often I have prayed lately that the lesson - f that ancient motto might be fully learned, both by you and by me, so that Christ might be glorified, and mankind saved 1 Should we not seek ever to be like the dove, a messenger of infinite love, bearing the sweet message of gospel peace over the dark waters of life to weary, sin-laden hearts ? Yes ; and to do this we need ' pa'ience,' to wait, to work, to pray, to sacrifice, to suffer, and to con quer, as Jesus did ; and all who follow Him closely will pray for such ' patience' — for this must needs be ere ' patience have her perfect work.' Ah, yes, it is only when we have such ' patience' that God can do in us, and by us, His ' perfect work.' Oh, how much have we seen spoiled by ' impatience ! ' Fruit has been plucked ere it has ripened, to the eater's hurt. Alas ! joys have been sought ere God had prepared them, to the seeker's loss. Alas ! alas ! beloved, let us learn the lesson, and so live, and teach others, that they may shun ills that we have needlessly wrought through im patience. And what a blessed teacher ' tribulation,' suffered for Jesus' sake, is in this life of faith ! Look at the ladder of life by which the ' justified'' ascend into the ' Hill of the Lord,' and dwell even here with the 'sanctified.' You will find it in Romans, v., 15, The first step of the Christian is 'Tribulation,' the next ' Patience,' the next 'Experience,' the next 'Hope,' the last 'The love of God' (i.e., God's love). Oh, that it might be fully ' shed abroad iu our hearts by the Holy Ghost, which is given unto us !' Yes, the Holy Ghost is given ' unto them that obey Him.' God forbid that any of you should be disobedient to the heavenly voice. You can readily under stand that there are many things concern ing myself and the brethren with me which the regulations d? not permit me even to refer to. Amen ; we can wait. If the Lord will, I shall leave this prison on Wednesday, 3rd June, and I have faith to believe that we shall liave a joyful re-uui'n in the Tabernacle 011 that evening. Meanwhile, beloved, I again bid you, I with love from those here, farewell. ' Be perfect, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace, and the God of love and peace shall be with you.' (1L Corinthians xiii., 11). — I am, your friend and pastor in the Lord Jesus, John Alex. Dowie. ? ? 1 