IlRoveItst, EPISODES IN THE LIFE OF A MILLIONAIRE. ORINORA A PACIFIC IDYLL. *By DONALD CAMERON. Aurtlhor of ' Alice," " Thea ifjsferics of ifclborne?r,' 4.o,, go. 0HAPTER XXXI. HAnnY had simply strolled away from'tel party without any particular object, except his general weariness. He was becoming ex-{ coedingly tired of everything and overybody. The sweets had clayed him. He was one whose game was human, and here the quarry: was very limited. So far he had paid little: attention to the natives, though no doubt he would eoon have to take up with them. He felt that he could have amused himself for a-r considerable period with Orinora; whose freli,: piquant nature charmed him, but he had for some time acknowledged there was no hope in that quarter. John Morden was not aman to be trifled with ; neither was Herbert, wheh his blood was roused. He had for some time' thought something would come' out of Paranoa's meditated treachery, but when he; reflected carefully over it, he saw the pros- peots of a change were remote. Nothing was left for him, therefore, but to make the best of circumstance. Perhaps after all a cbance of escape would arise, and he would'be ree tored to the world he loved so well. He car tainly wished he was safe back in Melbourne, for the strange tremors of the island began to give him disquiet. These islands had been born of the volcano: might they not be sud denly destroyed by the same dread agency ? Thinking mi this desultory manner, Harry walked through the marvels of the vegetation. & Mueller or Guilloyle would have gone crazy over the wonders of the vegetable world, but to Harry they were dumb. He had walked on for some time, when his attention was at racted by a figure halt concealed in a bush which appeared to be looking intently at something. Harry recognised the figure as Paranoa, and wondered what he was watch ing. He soon concluded, however, that the lovers were the objects of his attention. When Harry caught sight of Paranoa's face he was quite startled, so full of fiendish passions it was. Hell was engraved on that dark, hand some face. Harry could not help shuddering. Suddenly Paranoa bounded away as if struck by something, and rushed past Harry. Im-n pelled by the moment's curiosity, Harry fol-. lowed after Paranoa. But Harry was not a. good forester, while Paranoa was, the result' being that before long Harry had to stop ands to confess himself lost. How to return to the party he could not tall. He thought it would be best to seeksome spot from which he could view the lake, wheni he would be able to strike for the shore. But' this was easier to determine upon than to execute. The under growth was very strong; while the palms throw a shade almost like twilight. At this time, too, the streamers that ,had been thrown across the sky from the clouds on the horizon had become more than a veil, and so darkened the sun that it only rt rew a sickly light, Harry was brave, and did not lose his .courage. He knew once the alarm spread that he wasulost the natives would soon find him. Still, in the meantime the consequences would \- be very unpleasant. A terrible tropical storm was evidently coming on, and to be alone amid the rage of the elements would bea fear fulexperience. Do what he could, Harry could not get on to asledge from which he could see the lake; .even if he had he .would have been lost the ,moment he again pushed into the forest. ,Soon the darkness became.so great that he ,o uldhardlysee anything, With no defined idea bhe pushed on, listening for any sound that would guide him. Occasionally. the ,.earth would quake, and a faint rumble would f.Stlow. Then Harry's cheek would blanch, and the awful tuought that he might be over whelmed and swallowed up would for themo. ment unman him. Not that fear of the future or any religious idea affected him. He only dreaded the loss of this life, the only thing of value, the thing that gave him all the pleasure he knew or cared for. Bow long he wandered in the mazes of this \- primeval forest he did not know. The dark mess grew and grew until it became-inky. If hb -moved about it was only with that animal S . "'lot that makes the wild beast pace its snag.e ' ere the bars. Repeatedly he laid down Sand rbeet . " but the darkness, which, to use an and resst o , 'aould be felt, became so ter old epesrooo: that he rose up and resumed rsbly oppresisv -. his wanderings. ., e'eiasod,andbecoming" Atlast, thoroughly torm was abount to aware. that the great - ,.i. " thiok shrub, break, he laid down un, .pe pace? . Na -which was on the edge of as. - o po knew, tare was so exhausted, that, b. t?lop it was, he was fast asleep. A disturbed `-' . Now peopled with the most terrible figu. t "atPa he thought he was on the cliff, and It. M1e of noah and the natives, under the direct. "ver John Morden, were about to cast him o ,e Down, down, he fell, to find himself in ti. outlet whirlpool. Then all became dark, and the dream ended to be succeeded by avision aU lightning and flame. The island was up. heaved in the midst of this terrible pyrotech nic display, and then sank under the waters, and all became dark. Suddenly he thought on the edge of this fearful gloom there began to grow a light, lurid, red, and advancing. He struggled, he woke, and beheld a scene as strange as any in his dream. Only a few paces from him, under a mighty palm, atood a group of masked figures, arrayed in strange garb, and holding torches of resinous wood. To them, across the open spaces, were coming many figures similarly attired, and with torches. The hideous masks made Harry at first almost think he was witness to an assemblage of devils, but his imaginative mind soon concluded this was a meeting of the rebellious islanders, in the garb and masks Morden had suppressed, held to hatch their treason and to celebrate the rites of the old worship. His concluslon was soon made clear to be right, for Paranos, with a wild lace and streaming hair; bounded across she spin space and made up to the group of figures under the palm. What he commoni sated Harry could - noteatchb, but it was evidently something of: great moment, for ivory person executed a' leap of joy' and waved the torches and shouted. To Harry it seemed that Dante's hell, as illustrated by Dorb, had been lot loose, Harry' had 'never seen on the setge,'in oaintings, or in;real life, anything so weird sacd :impressive.' In' front of the central group extended circle aftcr circle of wild, 'lheouth figures,- whose- horrible .masks, painted in a style adapted to strike' terror, with' fishabes' teeth, and many of. them with `colored glass'or jasper for eyes, were a perfect -ightmare. A' background of impenetrable gloom set off the picture, and its lurid lights, with a silhouette vividity that would have been a revelation even to Dord. S Boon, however, it became more than a picture. At a sigal the whole mass got into anotion and repeated several movements. As aach platoon came up to the group under the ,,alm they bowed almost to the earth, and the silence was broken by a wild and terrible, but musical shout of \- Ai laianora, airah ora, Ai laianora ahb; " Mai kaialora, nairah nora, Kai kaialora eah Marambola, Marambola, nah ? Marambola, MIarambola, mah? the group inclined their heads but made no reply. When this ceremony was finished the assemblage became like statues, and the silence was unbroken, save by the almost in. audible hiss of the. torches, like. soe many serpents. A few minutes elapsed, then; the earth shook. A hollow rumble, like a groan fol. lowed, and then a distant lightning illumin. cated, for a second, the ghastly scene,.turning the torches into spectral lights. It was sue. oeeded by a darkness deeper than ever. The earthquake and lightning seemed the signal. There at once burst from the multi tude a weird march air. It 'was to' a great extent a monotone. The first and thirdverses 'were sung in a deep tone by the basses; the second and fourth by thoe teors, who made 'thewords ring with a mighty accent on the third and seventh syllables: Boom, boom, boom, hare boom Maramira, Marambra Boom, boom, boom, bara boom Karatlra, Karatdra ? Speak, speak, speak, oh speak We hear thee, we hear thee; Speak, speak, speak, oh speak Karatara, Karatara I By nature Harry was disposed to ridicule everything, the theatre for him possessed little 'attraction, except the actresses and dances: he laughed at the clumsy attemps at illusion, the stimulated emotions of the .actors. But boleore this real scene, so full of passion, so .fraught with something terrible 'to come, Harry's ridicule vanished. He became aware there was nothing unreal in this and that be fore long he would become an actor in a.very. disagreeable drama: he would have to leave his place in the auditorium and take his'part on the boards. A wave of the hand on the part of the prin "ciple figure of the group beneath the palm, a tall and commanding man, at once bowed the multitude in attention. Henry Allan spoke: in English this time'for the younger portion of the assemblage understood that tongue better, as the old language of the is. land had been to a great extent prosoribed and only English was taught in the schools established by MIorden. ' .. ".The signal has come at last," said Henry Allan; " the harvest is ready. Paranoa, the son of your lost Princess, has this day des. troyed the demon's witch implements and we can now land upon his isle without fear. In the boat below are the fire-weapons .upon which he relied." A terrible shout answered this announce ment; a shout so full of demoniac blood thirstiness. that Harry's blood almost froze. He now heard for the first time the terrible cry of the human tiger, that cry that which which there is nothing so awful in the world; that cry.that was. heard day and' night once in the streets of Paris; that cry that echoed 'in the Colosseum of Rome; that cry that was heard in Carthage: "! Cyprian ad luones I" "Karatara has returned to his land this night," said the high priest, inclining his head; " he is in the thick. darkness, the heavy clouds, the earthquake, the lightning. His eye will flash upon you; his voice will sound terribly : but fear him not; he comes for our enemy. This night the accursed white men will die; this night he will be sacrificed in the mouth of .hell-the outlet of the lake 'And with his death will pass away all the sorrows you have known. The sun will shine; the earth will bear its fruits without labor; every man shall have his own; every man shall do as he will. Above us are the clouds, around us the thick dark. ness- these are emblems of the past: to morrow these will have passed away and the future in all its glory appear So diorara, So tiosara, \- Caroon boon ara I" Bloodthirsty yells filled the air; the torches were'waved frantically, the hideous figures leaped and danced and shrieked like furies.' The earth quaked, the lightnings flashed, the thunder followed the earthquake: but all this only added to the excitement and en thusiasm. The great' God had returned; they saw his eyes, they heard his voice. 'For years no one remembered an earthquake. " Great Marambola," said one of the chiefs advancing, "there is but one thing wanting to make our victory sure. Where is that symbol of all power that our priestess kept, the Singoramba? It was in the ancient days shown at certain times, when peril threat ened or a great: event was to occur, Has it perished with the priestess ?" "It has 'vanished," answered the high priest, and there was 'agroan from the as. semblage, " but fear not; once this accursed crew are sacrificed it will return; :but not vntil then, for it is too pure for their eyes. ?When they are plunged into the lake the Singoramba the symbol of 'the great god Azaroha will appear before youi~ eyes." A delighted shout was given in answer. Harry noticed that at this :moment Paranoa took the chibef'a hand and led him 'aside until they almost touched- the shrub under which he Iay. Thoroughly aroused and terrified he strove to. hear what they said through the terrible noised of the people and the elements. "Why could you not have come at once when I sent word. I 'would destroy the sachine and take away the guns. It hb . 'overs the loss he wil resist, and he is "St o could& be dsne until now,' was the S We have to work with a super reply. ' I, and they haVe to be taken in titious peoP. in order that we may have a a certain way oreaftur. But you need not bold en them ha "eve done asI instructed, heafraid. Ifyen0. will be drawn; he wilt John Borden's fangs "end er feet. "In the nost b ablo to moou O ? . darkness and the storm w come upon him and then--" il you not save o them fr me" asked PieanOa, eso face ea'eY now saw In the light., for he had no' nieCsk sP, Itwae ghastly, worn out with ?-ntr- .?ln on . "Sorely yoU on eavo Harry's lifs To will et man have a friend and omponozi rfe. "I will ave0no ono," was the stern .8ed?l. the ss5n shines snuG more open the lake. Tlo eave one would be to keep a serpent to sting us. And if this man is thechild of hi father, he is the most'dangerous devil' of all. Don't ask me this any more."' Paranoa turned away with a sigh. " He was not yet all devil. "An d- do we proceed at once?" he asked. " When the ceremonies are over," was the reply, "I have studied every effect, and not one must be lost." "A terrible storm is coming on." "All the better; I 'have calculated on it."' ' " "We cannot row across the lake." " It will take some time to raise the waves. Before then'we will be on the Island. An attack and capture with earth and heaven in revolt is the climax we require. We will then seem working with Karatara. "There is no person at the boats, should the waves begin to rise." " They will not till we are ready. I have studied the storms. Now let us proceed to the necessary ceremonies." The two returned to the people, and Harry saw the' resumption of the mystic sites, and heard the wild march resumed. But he had no thought for the dread spectacle now : his only study was to escape. Keeping well in the shade, he fled for life down the hill in the direction from which he had seen the savages come. SHe would never have found his way to the shore, but just as he had left the open, a blue spectral light illhminated earth and sky. For several minutes it irradiated the scene, if the word can be used of so ghastly a light, at most deficient of the red and yellow rays. In this' awful light Harry saw the lake and its islets, dead blue and intense black. As the light appeared a terrible yell broke forth, a yell fl defiance. " He lights himself to the grave," Harry heard the voice of the High Priest say. Then the terrible war song bust forth. The'electrie light lasted sufficiently for Haray to find and enter a boat. Then it changed color, and he made his way to the the Happy Isle, guided by a great red light that turned the lake into blood. CHAPTER XXXII. The return from the cliff was another and wonderful experience. Prior to this the east. aways had only beheld the lake and its islets illuminated by the sun, irradiated by the moon, or refleoting .the stellar host. Now they .beheld the lake as they emerged from the shrubbery and woods, in the ghastly light of a day whose sun was shrouded. There is no light so weird, so suggestive as this. In it the lake realized what they had read in Homer and Uhland of the land of the dead. The charm was added to by the ever shllfting character of the scenery. As they came down from the cliff, the wending road gave them ever reourring glimpses of this dream lake, so like the scenery of another world. It' was never the same. And when they embarked and rowed between the islets and through the innumerable channels, now and and then coming into broad, still, grey pools, reflecting the foliage, the effect was mystic and poetil beyond description. A strange inexplicable mystery seemed to brood over this lake of dreams. Herbert could not help repeating to himself as they rowed away from the main. land into the grey water, the wondrous lines of Uhland:., Take, 0 boatman, thrice thy fee; Take-I give it willingly; For, invisible to thee, Spirits twain have crossed with me I .There was a wonderful depression in the air, a stillness that seemed to bode some ter. 'rible disaster. The earthquakes had ceased, but the aspect of the sky was angry and lowering. The great piles of clouds on the horizon, the streamers that had covered the sun as if with the webs of spiders, had all be come amalgamated in one thick, grey canopy that never shifted or lifted, and seemed to weigh upon the earth like a firmament of lead. Living beings sympathised with nature. The song of the rowers was hushed, and even Orinora did not sing or speak, while not a sound came from the feathered inhabitants of the island. Nature had for the time cast off herdress of gold and purple and crimson and green, and donned the grey mantle of the re. oluse. It was late in the afternoon when the spec tral procession of boats landed on. the Happy Isle. John Morden at once set about thepre parations for the solemn events of the night. Orinora retired with her maidens, and went overall they had done. The blush of modesty crimsoned her face when they showed her the bridal chamber, arranged with the singu? lar taste that these native girls had learnt from John.Morden and Orinora. "We didn't enjoy ourselves at all at the dance," said Dorala. "Everyone seemed dark and gloomy; they gathered in gronup and talked; and the most of them went away early. The people seem quite changed. And Paraeos never came." "He left our party early enough," replied Orinora. "Why, where are the'young white men going ?" cried Aherno. The girls ran to the window. Herbert and Ebby'were sculling away in the boat. Orinora said nothing for the moment. After what she had heard the previous night, there was no one she dreaded "more than Ebby. She looked on him as the only person who had infiuence over Herbert, who sought to rob her of her lover. Every movement of his was suspicious. She,'knew he had for a long time been in charge of the isle-which was devoted to the uses of a workshop. What might he not have prepared there ? Her heart stood still. She soon made up her mind. Dressing herself in a close black gown, and throwing a dark shawl over her shoulders, she told the girls to go on with their work, and in a few minutes she was rowing over the lake, keep. ing in view the young men's boat, but uneen herself. She was perfectly at home on the water, and knew every inch of the lake, Her surmise was correct. Ebby had taken Herbert away to make one last effort to per suade him to leave the island. Not that he told' him that was his object: he merely asked him to come and see the workshop isle. As they were going along they spoke little; each was busy with his own thought. "I know little about Nature or her opera. tions," said Ebby, however, as they neared the island, " but my reading misleads me if we are not on the eve of some frightful con volsion. This strange stillness, the peculiar pungent smell of the air,lthe recurring quakes of the earth: they must be premonietions of some violent outburst of the forces of nature." " W Whatever they may.be," said Herbert, "we ban' do nothing. 'Aranoah says snch storms are common in these latitudes, but they do little- damage on this sheltered lake." "I've read a verse somewhere,'.'said Ebby, "which seems to describe my view of thse island, though it' must be par..phrased a little: "Islets and lakes may flourish or may fade; A stroke can ruin them as a stroke has :made." We walk upon an earthquake. The ocean may gaps at any moment and island and all disappear for: everl" ' ' i"Well," said Hsbert, quietly, !' and then there will be end." They had by this time arrived at the work' shop. It was a small isle, carofully planted round with thick trees, so that its unsightly appurtenances would not be seen.- The young men seoured their boat and stepped ashore. A narrowpassage through a number of beautiful shrubs admitted theminto the workshop. Herbert gazed round him with astonishment. Forges, carpenters' shops, engine-houses, met his view. John Morden had not forgotten the practical even in this island of dreams., Ebby paid little attention to any thing; he walked straight to the other side of the island, and hurriedly, for the heavy fall of clouds was telling, and the light was fading out fast. He led Herbert to a ship or dock, in which lay the lay the large boat or barque that John Morden had ordered to be built, so that the whole of the party might navigate the lake. She was a perfect little model, with sails and everything complete. Herbert at once noticed something singular about the vessel. A strong cable was seuenred to a huge ringbolt in the centre of her deck. This cable ran over into a shed, where a large majority of what seemed native cloth was lying. " What do you think of this boat, Herbert ?" asked Ebby, betraying in his tones a sup pressed excitement ; his- eyes glistening strangely. "She is. a beautiful little model," replied Herbert; " we will have many a pleasant sail in her." "I hope so, I hope," said Ebby,. with a strange impressivenese in his voice, an eager tone. "Do you think she would navigate the Pacifcl?" "If she were on it," replied Herbert, some thing ironically. " She would certainly stand a storm. She appears made to ride well. Taking Herbert's hand Ebby led him round to the stern of the vessel. It was growing very dark, but Herbert started as he saw in bold white letters the name: " ESCAPE." The next moment he felt annoyed." " Why are you always thrusting these ideas before me, -Ebby," he said rather petulantly : "why raiseup ghosts that are not wanted on this island." 'But they are wanted," said Ebby, firmly, resolutely, "and they will rise whether you call or not. I have brought you here, Herbert, for the last time to offer you escape from the terrible fate that awaits us on this island. I have come to show you it is no dream, but a great, glorious reality. All this I have known for some time, but I would not speak until certain. I chose to let you know gradually. Bear with me while I explain. If you per severe with your refusal I will give in." "I do not wish to-pain you, Ebby," said Herbert, who spoke, however, with constraint, and whose eyes werelfixed on the name of the essel, "but really you are labouring for no. thing.. I have passed my word to a man and woman wholdepend on st.: I willtnot break my word." "Be that as it may," said Ebby, "let me explain what I have done, what I propose to do." CHAPTER ? XXXIII. !'From the very first," said Ebby, " I never despaired of getting away. I set myself at once to find out what means could be used. After a thorough examination I conoluded if escape there was to be, a balloon must be used. To make one, though I knew-how if I had the materials, seemed at first impossible. However, as I looked more carefully into the matter a prospect of escape opened out. There was no silk on the island but the fine cloth woven by the natives out of the bark of trees would to a certain extent answer the purpose. I found after a long search that I could get the materials for the manufacture of the hydrogen. That was my lesser diffl oulty, and I soon overcame it., But the making of the envelope was the real dilli calty. By nusing the linen cloth and adding many files together I could undoubtedly make an envelope impervious enough to hold the gas-for a time. By using a glaze I could ensure the keeping of the gas in for a longer period. But experiment as I would I saw already that I could not make a balloon that would carry us any distance. I was in des pair. We would only escape from the island to drop into the sea and perish. At last a ray of light shot across my brain; I seized the great idea-the.work was done. It was suggested when Aranoah ordered the building of his boat. I at once relinquished the idea of navigating the air to the American mainland. I saw. at a glance that I could make a balloon which would lift the boat into the air and over the cliff all that would be re quired would be to drop the boat on the sea and let the balloongo. I set to work, I kept at it day and night, and I soon satisfied my self that I had solved the problem. The boat is finished and furnished with provisions and everything : the balloon is ready, a few hours will fill it with gas, and then we can rise from this island and in an hour the boat will skim the Pacific." Ebby had worked himself up into a great state of excitement, his frame trembled, his eyes flashed. It was very, unusual to see him in this state. Not givang Herbert time to reply he pulled him over to the shed. "See, there she lies," he. said, "well sewn together and glazed. I take her out of this, I begin the manufacture of thegas,Ilay it on, the balloon fills, it rises, a sphere in the air, the boat moves upward, I out the rope, we shoot into the blue heavens, the wind bears us over the cliff, I let out more of the gas, we descend and the vessel rides upon the ocean, we set the sails and away, away we speed to our land, to fortune, to fame, to Alice. Free, free, for ever free I" The young man was so exhausted that he sank back on a bench. Herbert was little less excited. He endeavored to keep down his feelings, but he could not. It hadnowgrown quite dark, and the young men could not no tice a white face that peered out at them from a dark shrubbery close at hand; they could not-hoer the beating of a poor little heart to whom every word Ebby uttered, though only half understood, was a dagger. "I tell you, Herbert," said Ebby, when he had recovered; everything is calculated to a certainty. I have placed it beyond mistake. I have experimented and experimented. At first I thought to make a confident of Are. noah, but since I saw how things were going with Orinora I kept the secret to myself. I know what you feel-I can understand what love is-but there need be no scene. We can wander away to-morrow, taking Harry with us,.fill the balloon, and vanish as we came. That poor girl still believes us gods; she will think we have gone to the star she sings of, and in her adoration she will forget her love. Don't answer no, Herbert, as you have loved me, as I surrendered to you the girl I loved, as you hope to become great and famous and happy, do not answer no. Make an effort, tear yourself away. Oh Herbert, Herbert, do not answer no I" "It is too late," said Herbert in a low voice, which showed how deeply he was affected: "I am to be married to Orinora this night." " non can put it off," cried Ebby pa. sionately; pretend illness or anything. Do not saurifice yourself, Herbert, with escape within your grasp. Herbert, think, think of the other world, of you duty to Alice, to your friends, to the world." The little heart was almost still now, the face frozen with terror. Upon his word her life, her reason depended. Herbet staggered away and clasped his hands in agony. How she longed to throw herseldf at his feet and implore him to refuse the tempter. But she moved not; hali dazed as she was she resolved not by word or sign to influence his choioelUt he did not love her more than that other, than hie friend, than the world, then let her die-it was best. : :; It was very dark now; thoewind wase sob. bing faintly in the trees, the dull wash of the waves sounded like a dirge.: Yet dark as it was thegreat white words" ESOAPE '! loomed out and seemed to, fill Herbert's eyes.?He shut them; in vain ethe worde were in his brain. It was an awful moment. .To whom would he be true. To gentle Alice far away, or to tender Orinora so near... It was a cruel trial, one few men haye had to suffer. " Let us go now," cried Ebby, who seemed to have lost his reason in his excitement. " I will get ready. I will see to work. Before two hours all will be ready-they will not miss us, Let us go." "I tell you, Ebby," said Herbert," it is of no use. I have promised, I will perform." "Herbert, Herbert,". sobbed Ebby hysteri cally, " do not say that; in the name of God do not say that. Do not kill me." " I do not wish to kill you,'. Herbert man aged to say, "but I mean to. keep my pro mise. This island will be my home, Orinora will be my wife." The tension relaxed, the hands lot go the shrub; Orinora fell forward in a faint of joy. She had won the day. "Herbert," said Ebby in a wild tone, " are you mad? Surely you are mad." "No, Ebby, I .am not," replied. Herbert, sadly, "but I am the victim of the' most ex traordinary oireumstances a man ever suf fered. Do eon know who Aranoah and Ori nora are?' . ",Not for certain,'replied Ebby, ,who had eat down on hie balloon in a helpless heap. The pale face, not so pale now-was again peering through the shrubbery. " Aranoah is the very John Morden for whom,we came out to search, and Orinora .is Alice's half. sister." - " So I often thought," replied- Ebby, in a tone as if it was of no interest to him. ,"I have promised to marry Orinora to make up to Mforden the wrongs he suffered from my father.. Alice will have the pro. perty, and soethe expiation will be.. com plete. " Oh, Herbert," said Ebby, mournfully, "this is the very madness of intoxioation. Surelyyou will not saerif8a e yourself for an idea. What is this girl to her sister?" " I love Orinora," replied Herbert, "I love her tenderly. . Not perhaps as I loved Alice, but I would not see her suffer the slightest pain. And if I were to forsake her she would die. Do not urge any more, Ebby. Yohave torn my heart, but I am determined to keep my world. But I not wish to imprison you, though to part with you, dear faithful friend, will be a second death. Let yourself and Harry use the balloon, and go back to thi world." ' " To tell Alice you have deserted her, to wit ness her agonies ?" cried Ebby. "Perhaps," said Herbert, slowly and pain. fully, "she may reward your true and con. stant love when she learns I have deserted her." "Do not speak of such things," eried Ebby, "I would not dream'of them. If I was the only man left in the world Alice would not give me her heart, and without the heart I would not ask the person. Besides, I would not leave you, not for a thousand worlds. Where you are I will be ; yourland, your God'e mine." "Why shbuld you remain here a prisoner for life," said Herbert. "I because I have do aided upon a Quixotic but-honorable course. Take your liberty, Ebby; give Harry back to the world he loves.." " The--world will do .very.ýwell without him,' said Ebby, who seemed now tohave re covered himself, and to have 'iacepted the in evitable. " I will say no more Herbert. 'Let us to the boat and go home." And they were soon loss in the gathering gloom that was closing in upon the island that fatal night. . . CHAPTER XXXIV. Herbert and Ebby arrived at the Happy Isle in time for the evening meal; Their ab. sence had not been noted, so busy was John lorden with his preparations, until the time came to call them. John had been arranging the programme of the night, which he mean to make one memorable on the island. Be had two electric batteries, one of which he used for the electric light, the other for the terrible currant that' protected the Happy Isle. Orinora did not join the palty ; Dorala ex plained that she wished to remain in her room. Very little was said by anyone. John Morden alone appeared to have any spirits, and even he occasionally relapsed into gloomy silence, when the past, called forth by the co casion, thronged his mind. Herbert was torn with a host of contending emotions, and was engaged in keeping down the rebellious thoughts that surged through his brain. Ebby had given way to a dull despair. He felt he had played his last card, and that there was nothing to do but to surrender. It was bitter, terribly bitter, but his brave good heart re solved to stand by his friend, and to do all he could to make the lot he had chosen under cir cumstances soe unparalleled, as happy as was possible: and the chance of happiness in the end was not not, Ebby thought, very great. John Morden departed to put the finishing touches to his preparations, and left the two young men alone. John was aware of the terrible night that was probable, but he had resources enough to meet it. A bridal in thunder and lightning and storm and earth. quake had no terrors for one who had seen enough of them, and he was not without the satisfaction of thinking that if nature did manifest all her terrere.they would only aidd td the deep awe the natives already felt. He had prepared scenes and effects that would never leave their superstitious minds. Herbert and Ebby had not eat together long before Aherne entered, and going over to Her. bert, whispered to him. " My lady would see you," said the girl. " She appears very ill, and cannot rest till she speaks to you." Herbert, alarmed at tbhe words, rose and followed the girl who led him to Orinora's boudoir or private sitting room, a beautiful apartment which Herbert had seen repeatedly when in her childish innocence Orinora had treated him as her brother and companion, before the deeperpassion had madeher coy and maidenly. Here he found the lovely girl lying on a couch, her golden hair in disorder, her face paler, her eyes wet with tears. As he entered she turned upon hima look that went to his heart; a look full of love, despair, and shame, yet, evidencing a firm resolution. She rose and fell into his arms, sobbing such sobs as unmanned Herbert. " My own darling," he cried, leading her to the couch, "what is the matter? What has turned you from the happiest to the most wretched of women." "I have heard," she managed to artiou late. "Heard-what," queried Herbert puzzled. "I have done what was wrong, base, un womanly," eke said slowly, mustering up all the reserves of her strength. " But it was my love made me. I.was so jealous of you, so afraid to lose you for ever. Herbert, I over heard your conversations with Ebby last night without intending, this evening pur. posely." "My poor girl," said Herebert compas sionately; "for your sake I wish you had not." " It was better,"-she replied. I have been. a child, I am now a woman, and I have to do a woman's duty. Until recently I lived in a land of dreams, in the regions of night. Now Ihave woke; the sun has risen and I seethe world, not as it is seen in moonlight and star. light and twilight, but as it is when the sun beats upon it and everything is revealed. Last night I was but half awake. I heard Ebby tempt you to-fly; I dreaded his euncess, and i told my sorrows to my father; at least partially, and the result was what happened today, This evening I heard all, and become awake and living. I now know the world whence you came is like this world, peopled with men and women, who have greater aims and wider scope. I histened, and you cannot tell what was my suspense when I beard Ebby so eloquently, so unanswerably pleading to you to escape, to return to the great world that waits for you. But what was my joy when you resolved to stand by your promise at the loss of all that life holds for you, my darling, my noble Herbert. Oh, that I had heard no more. I did hear. I heard that my father was theunhappy man of whose history I had heard snatches ; that the woman you loved in the other world was my own sister, my darling sister Alice, of whose existence I knew nothing. I have a sister, a good kind sister, who seems to have been a queen among women. And I would rob her of the man she loves, I would condemn her to a life of unhappiness; I would, selfish crea ture I am, to gratify myself, keep you from your first, your true, love, my own flesh and blood; I would tie you down to an ignoble Iffe merely for my selfish aims. No, Herbert, you do not understand me if you think I would de that. You would sacrifice all for me. I willt not accept the sacrifice. I will offer myself in sacrifice instead. Listen to Ebby; fly from this island, put off this mar riage to-night-I will put it off myself-go forth to the great world that waits you, be. come a king among men. Do not fear for me. Duty calls, and I will obey. Here I will live' and die a maiden, praying night and day to the great star which I worship, to the God I heard you speak of, for your happiness. And-when we leave this world we will meet, as my father teaches, high and purified spirits, meet and dwell together for ever," She had risen as she spoke and stood there the personification of beauty and self.devo tion, her cheeks tinged with the crimson of enthusiasm, her golden hair floating around her head like an aureole of glory, her eyes beaming with a pure and high resolve; her stature apparently twice what it really was. As Herbert looked upon her he thought surely never man had beheld the embodiment of an angel before. - Could he accept this awful sacrifice? Could he doom this wonderful creation of fairyland to what was inevitable, early decay and death ? Was it not his duty to take her to his heart.? It was a terrible thought to lose Alice, to be unfaithful to that grand and glorious woman, but did not duty tell him his place was by the side of this, the loveliest, the tenderest of the blossoms I Alice was a woman of another mould, with a strong mind and frame, who would sustain the loss of her dreams of happi. ness, and who would find in a hundred charitable occupations balm for the wound. But if he left this flower it would droop and die, and the aged tree that had sheltered would fall in sorrow to the grave. "No, Orinora," said Herbert, firmly, start. ing up and clasping the radiant vision of beauty to his heart; "I will not accept the sacrifice. If Alice were here, if she knew all, she would say, noble and highepirited as she is, 'Take my sister; she is the weakest; I can make out a life for myself, full of good. sess and happiness,' Already she has heard of my loss; already the bitterness of death is past, and she has buried her feelings inawhat she thinks my grave and taken up her aroses courageously. Shall.I divert her from the path she has chosen; shall I come up from the grave and disturb her peace? No, Orinora, offer no sacrifice; it will not be accepted. The struggle in my heart has been terrible; it has almost torn my soul asunder; but it is all over now. I have made up my mind and not even you, sweet one, will turn me aside from my purpose. Here I remain to be yours through life and yours through death." The girl's brain reeled, her heart stopped; she fainted away in his arms and became a pale cold statue. He thought her dead; he chafed her hands and brow and called her the fondest names. Slowly she revived; her violet eyes opened and beamed upon him with a look so ravishing that never had he felt their power so marvellously. She slipped from his grasp on to her knees and clasped her hands, looking up to where her* star should have been. " Great Power," said Orinora; "grant me to be worthy of this great love, this sacriflee. Make my sister's heart happy; t.?, from her fate the cloud that now rests upon i. . Great Power I Great Star I let my I:!,. repsy the gifts inestimable thou habest bestowed I" OHAFTER XXXV. The brooding calm of nature eontinued long into the night. The ceremony of the marriage was to take place in the apartment of the tower that Morden had erected, so as to command a view of the whole lake. From the top of this the electric light was exhibited on the rare occasions Morden chose to show his powers. He had ordered the islanders to attend and to add to the solem. nity. A chosen party of ten natives marshalled John Morden and Herbert and Ebby to the scene, bearing in their hand lamps enolbsed within purple glass. John Morden left his guests in the room to be devoted to the Iere. mony and went out to turn on the marvellous light. By means of glass shades it was made to appear of several hues. First of all it shone on the lake with all its cold blue radi ance, creating a scene such as we imagine to be ever existent in the land of Diablerie. In that ghastly light everything bore so dread. ful an appearance that Herbert and Ebby turned with dread from the scene. Through this light they saw a red gleam on the moun. tain. The light was changed; the lake be. came one mass of blood-red color. They now saw that a number of boats were rowing to wards the isle; the pullers looking like panto. mime demons, the flashes of their oars like gouts of blood. In a moment a rich beautiful magenta light transformed the lake into fairyland. This only lasted a few moments; then came thick and utter darkness. In the magenta light the watchers saw a fleet of vessels put off from the shore beneath where they had noticed the red light. But other events soon took their attention. Orinora, attended by her two maidens, entered the room. She was attired in spotless white, and was veiled; a beautiful, an en trancing sacrifise to love. A wreath of orange blossoms just plucked from the tree by Aherna and Dorala adorned her brow. Her. bert stepped forward, and in one fervent em. brace expressed his affection. "I wonder," said Mordon, who now ap peared, "what has become of Harry and Pl'aranoa? Burely they are not lost." "They are probably-the hosts," replied Dorala. John Morden appeared in a fantastic but impressive attire. He had learned to become theatric by his position, for he had found symbols all powerful with his people. IIe wore a robe of the richest purple, faced with silver and seared at the throat by a magni ficaent diamond, once the property of the hap lose young Blake. On his head wasa tiara of gold, studded with rubies and diamonds, the symbol of his authority, which the visi. tors had .never seen him wear before. His white hair and venerable beard gave him I most dignified and impoting appearance. In his hand he carried a rod of ebony and gold. The upper end of the room was arrayed in the form of a sacristy. On the table or altar was a marriage contract engrossed on vellum, upon which reelted a small column of ebony surmounted by a star of gold, the points flashing with diamonde. Herbert were not prepared for souch a splendid scene. But a grerter surprise was still in store. Touching a knob John Morden once more flashed forth the eleorio light; this time of the richest rose. It was but for an instant; then succeeded the most intense gloom. As if in response the earth shook, a flash of lightning flew through the heavens, and the roll of the thunder and the rumble of the earthquake were mingled together. As if by magic-everything seemed magical in this wonderful land-the lake was lit up by hun. dreds of torches, and tlhe boats began a pro. cession such as the strangers had seen "n their first night on the island. Six trumpets sounded one after the other a summons from every side of the island, and the response was a magnificent burst of harmony from brass and wood instruments. In .the islanders John had found apt pupils. The effect, on a lake with echoing islands, was beyond de seription, beyond power of pen to tell. The strangers looked and listened as if they wished it would last for ever. The instruments ceased at last and the great chorus was heard, coming from each side of the lake, but sowell together were the voices that they appeared as one: Gliding o'er our lake thus day by day eow serenely passes time away, TWhile its wavolets wreathed with smiles Gently bathes its fifty fairy isles. And at night our torches cast their gleams, Lighting up this wondrous world of dreams. Tra la ha la ha lai Tra la la laI Far away shines nightly Achlrnar, But our lake reflects our glorious star, So our souls' reflections of the light Stay but herea troubled night; When the morning breaks they pass away To the star where shines eternal day I Tra la ha, la ha Is, Tra la la la I This chorus was succeeded by a bridal catch in the native language, the burden being taken by the female voices, the reply being given by the males; It had a pecuilar and weird effect, the melody seeming to come from all parts at' once, echoing and re echoing : *So yon airs So yon airs Hahl ha l " Come, my children," said John Morden, when the echoes of the music had died away, "and let me join you together, never in this world to be parted si-ve by death." Herbert took Orinora's hand and advanced with her to the altar, presided over by the venerable and imposing presence. Ebby walked at his side, and Dorala and Aherno supported their lady's train. The manly grace of Herbert, the dreamlike beauty of Orinora made a picture when they stood in front of the altar that threw John Morden into an ecstasy. "From two snobuch," he exclaimed, "what a noble and beautiful race might spring. thank the Great Power for this night. Orinora wore rare and lovely jewels, and they made her look a queen. John's eyes wandered over her lovely form with the pride of a father. Suddenly he noticed a rosy sparkle, almost concealed by the dress on her bosom. "Wohat jewel i that, Orinora ?" he asked. "It is a navie jewel I found in my drawers," said rinora, with a blush the -iaade her face r ier tnan-the-jewel's flash "a gift from Paranoa in other days. It wa worn by the last princess of the island." "The Singoramba," replied Morden witl a pleased smile, ." It is a good omen. Bu such a princess never wore that mystic gift or this island as now." "Nor on any other," said Herbert. He was about to take their hands when a wild and barbaric shout pealed into the ai, John Morden staggered back like a man wha had received a mortal blow. His face be, came ghastly. Clear and wild the tones rang on their ears, question and answer, too well understood by John Morden. QuasrloNxi lalanors, airah era, Ai laianora ahs; Kai kaialors, hairs nora' Kai kinalora eah :Marmbols, Marambola nah I M arambola, Mlarambola mah I Am?swsa-So diorar, So triosara, Caroom boon ara Laice ooom Il "My God, What does this mean?" cried John Morden; "IShave not heard that terrible song since the night when Henry Allan and alarambola attacked the isle. Am I dream. ing? Do. I hear rightly? What can it mean ?" '"eath and destruction," said an agitated voice, and dripping with water, his clothes torn and "his whole aspect that of terror. Harry Forbes rushed into the room. "Death and destruction," cried John Morden; "what do you mean? No one can approach this isle." He turned quickly and pressed a knob on the wall, different from that he used to turn on the electric light. "There," he sid, triumphantly, "if the natives have rebelled I defy them. A circuit of death encloses this island; a circuit that none can pae.' "You trust in what is of no avail," replied Harry. "Paramoa was here today and de. stroyed the machinery ant took away the firearms. We are drowned. The island is surrounded by savages who have sworn to kill every white person except Orinora." Orinora fainted in Herbert's arms. Dorala and Aherno beat their breasts and tore their hair after the manner of their excitable race. " We are to blame; we are to blame," they cried, the tears raining down theirfaces. "We left the isle and he came and did this." John Morden said nothing. He at once sprang out of the room. Harry who was wild with terror clasped Ebby in his arms. " We are lost, Ebby," he said. "I over. hoard the whole plot and I made all haste to reach the isle to give warning so that we could fly to the mountains. iut I did not know my course; I blundered here and there and at last capsized the boat. I saved my life by swimming, and as Providence would have it lighted on the right island." Ebby did not reply. Instead of feelong terror at the news he was exalted. He could now get the party to fly to his balloon and ii would save them. How to baflie te savages in the darkness of the night now became his study, At this moment John Morden entered. He appeared in a few minutes to have wiliedand became an aged and helpless man. " Oh, my God," he cried sinking on to a couch," how I have been deceived. Marat. bola did not die; he has lived these years for revenge, and it is at last in his hand. What treachery, what ingratitude after all I did for these wretches in human form. The circuit is destroyed, the firearms gone-there is no help for us. The most horrible of deaths will be ours, the most terrible of fates Orinora'e. Oh, my daughter, my child, I wish you had diedin your infancy: it would have spared what must follow." lie went over to her and kissed the lovely girl frantic. ally. (To be codtinned.) •iSaUl hahe b ler, Shall lae have ler Yes I yes I For he loves her, for he loves her ee Iyesj 