TUKF GOSSIP. Bt AUGCfe. Cranbourne will provide sport (or racing men this afternoon, and as the course is a pretty one, and the local residents proverbial for their hospitality, those who go that way will doubtless enjoy themselves. I'm not going to venture a prediction as to (he re sults, because nowadays at these small meetings when races are apparently cer tainties for horses belonging to particular stables, (he owners or the trainers upset all calculations by "making other arrange ments," and as a consequence the public Buffer. For my part, I think the handi cappers have much to answer for. They know the stables that do riot go straight; yet they have not the moral courage to punish them, while those who do run out their horses receive but scant consideration. Stewards are just as indifferent* and at Flemington, Caulfield, and Elsternwick-park I've lately seen most barefaced shunts with out the slightest notice being taken. I hope, however, Cranbourne will be free from this sort of thing, and that Mr. Tom Haydon, who talus the meeting under his wing for the first lame, will have a goodly balance at (he con clusion. On Wednesday next the Wangaratta meet ing will commence, and though the programme is not so rich as it used to be in days of yore, when the names of Bowler and Sett were as familiar as household words, thtre should be good sport, which will, I daresay, be well ap preciated by the local residents and those who may go from the metropolis. Ingletyood, Glenelg, and Balfon will hold high'festival onth$ same day,\Vedne£day the 15th, and On that day the Sale meeting will commence. Thinks to the liberality of the Hon. W. Pearson the stakes are worth winning^'but the fields will be miserably small. For the big handicaps I fancy Jack Roach aamnch as anything, though if that uncertain brute Iron toaster would only try he ought to win. Ashe is 60 uncertain a cus tomer, perhaps Forlorn Hope will be found to be the most dangerous opponent of Jack Roach. Another of the old school of Victorian racing men has gone over to the majority, Mr. James Henderson having died a few days ago. The deceased gentleman years ago was one of the best-known figures at Flemington, where he occupied the position of Judge, and previously a number of horses ran in his name. In those days he was one of the nattiest among the natty sportsmen ol the day. Until a short time ago he was a con stant attendant at the head- quarters, but ill health latterly prevented him visiting the scenes of former triumphs. Coronet seems to be all right again, and may probably give a good account of himself at the A.J.C. meeting. Babieca pulled up very lame at Elatern wick-park on Tuesday so that his new owner must have mad« a rod purchase at Caulfield. He will require a long spell ere he can be trained again. Mr. J. D. Robertson has _purcbased bom Mr. Field four very useful-looking three - 5ear-old geldings by Napoleon, the sire of Iozart,andon the dam's aide they all descend from Whizgig. They arrived from Tasmania by the Flinders on Tuesday, and they will shortly be broken in and put into training. Mr. Fit* Wentworth, who has been on a visit to England, was present at the Elstern wick-park meeting, also Mr. Rupert Clarke, who has just returned from the old country. Dr. Fitzgerald arrived in Melbourne by the mail steamer, and looks all the better for hie trip to England, The programme of fhe Adelaide Racing Club has made it appearauce, and will be found io the advertising.columns this week. It extends over three days, the 23rd, 35th, and 30th May, and as the promoters have no (ptaliaator to assist them, of course the sums added to the different-races are small com pared with the prizes given a couple of years ago. SOU Meqsra Blaekler and Ferry have provided a very presentable bill of fare. There are five emits on the first day, vie.. Hurdle Race of 60 sovs.. Trial Handicap of 70 so vs., 8ellingRace ol 40 so vs./Steeplechase of 60 mm., ana Cite' Handicap of 120 soys. On the second day, tos Queen'* Birthday Cup el 250 aova will form the cBief attraction, and; the distance is one mile and three Suartete. It was reported here that Mr, < Itant the owner of Newstead, bad promised to give a sold cup value 160 so vs. provided that ma added money was COO sova., but as it is only half that ansa, I suppose there mil not be 4 cup. The other events ate a Hurdle Raw of 60 sova, Nursery Handicap of 75 ?sors., Selling Steeplechase of 60 eova, and SuburbwmndLcap of 75 so vs. Five events wifl be run mi the last day, a Steeplechaaeof 110 aova, and a Ladies' Bracelet being in cluded. The Cup, (317 Handicap, and Steeple chase dose on Tuesday, March 8L Mr. Thomas Haydon continues to improve Elsternwick-park, ahd when the couch grass Sis a fair hold of the track it will be one of e best in Australia. St Patricks Day, although warm, was pleasant enough there,; and there was some, most exciting taring. 1 There was some disappointment at the nop-1 apptaarioe of Len Ro*e fpr the Trot, aa, w hiH absence, it was considered an eaay thing for Hones(jr. Still there were many who pinned thej.r faith to Little Pick, a great sprawling gelding with- feet like coup plates, who b&alt; was asserted; trotted a voile on the track in 21$. In the race, however, he broke upbadly, aod had ho ahow with either Hooesty jjr Uefonce. Eergtwon, ? who MM been so successful of tete, landed the jumping double, «nd. I expect to *eq him aetnrioea in demand. A great deal of dissatisfaction was expressed at the manner in which Meteor was worked in the market for (be Elsternwick park Cup, and as several of the Sydney visitor* to the late V.R.C. meeting were very outspoken regarding Conjecture in the Free Handicap, it would seem'as if she also were used as a foil for Alphabet Whether it be the fact or not, most people expressed a belief that in each case the same dodge was resorted to, in order to obtain a better price about Alphabet It Is stated; however, that on the. occasions ce&rred; to .James Wilson, jun., backed both horses for similar amounts, and if this be true he. certainly is not to blame for the public following suit Owners of cones must n'pt forget that entries for the principal events of the Warr nambool meeting dose at the secretary's office, Koroit-street, Warrnambool, at 4 p.m. on Wednesday next, March 25. The races that close with Mr. Umphelby on that day are not mentioned in the programme, but I presume they will be the Steeplechase of 120 so vs., the Hurdle Race of SO sovs., Hurdle Bace of 50 sovs., Junior Steeplechase of GO bo vs., and Flat Baoe of 60 sovs. The meet ing takes place on the 28th and 30th April, when racing men will not have much to do, and as the meeting is ope of the most en joyable in Australia, they should patronise it liberally. " . . Acceptances and general entries for the following race meetings will require the at tention of owners during the week The Ballan Jockey Club general entries and accep tances clone to day. The Wangaratta Turf Club's acceptances sad general entries are due on Monday, 23rd. Nominations for the Wiliiamstown jiteeting ate also due on the same day. The BenaOfrand Tallarook accep tances. and general entries on Wednesday, Match 25. Entries for the Boninyong Race Club will have to be made on Thursday, March 26. Nominations fox Beechworth Easter Handicap and Town Plate on Friday, March 27. The Inverleigh Cup, Hurdles, and Maiden Race .will close to day, March 21. Acceptances for the Casterton Handicaps are ] dae on Tuesday, March 24. The Inglewood acceptances and general entries will have to be made on Tuesday, March 24. TheCorowai acceptances are due to-day, March 21. H. Yeend has got Vernet and Phantom in wotk again, and I hope he will have better luck with them than he had last season. Mr. H. Smith has been appointed a steward by the authorities at Elsternwick- park. Mitiamo races have been fixed for Monday the 25th May. The programme appears in the advertising columns, and it will be seen that entries for the Hurdle Race, Handicap, and Flying Stakes must be in the hands of the secretary, Mr. J. EL Smith, before 8 p.m. on die 1st of May. Tichborne distinguished himself at the Sorell races in Tasmania by carrying 10st 31b. and winning the Frying Stakes. As he was giving the St Albans horse,Caramnt, Sst lib. and a beating, the performance was no mean one. When in Tasmania I thought the son of Countryman the most improved horse in the colonies and Mr. Cook got rid of '? a real good one when be parted with him. A. Robertson has been engaged by Mr. J. D. Robertson to ride for the Kingston stable i at the A.J.C. autumn meeting. Robertson has gradually worked his way into the front . rank of Australian horsemen, and, as he is t steady and reliable, be has the ball of fortune 1 at bis feet - Let him on!yki<& Straight, and s he is bound to become a rich man. l Mr. J. H. Bowser; of Bacchus Marsh, can* r tions trainers against employing a lad named : Alfred'Eve'ritt, as he has left bin employ ; without notice. . . ! Mr.. J. Di Robertson left lor Sydney on \- Wednesday- morning, and was accompanied i by Anchorite, . Coronet, Coriolanus, The ; Broker, and Abner. At the Rochester meeting Mr. W. Neill, , whose horse Scobeloff ran second to Book maker for the Maiden Plate, entered a protest i against the winneron the ground that he had won a race value 15 sovs. previously. After a deal of trouble he has discovered that Bookmaker won the Mount Prospect Handi cap, value-15 sovs., 12 months ago. It is said that, in the meantime, the Rochester stewards awarded the race to Bookmaker, but Mr. Neill has neither heard of the decision, nor has he received his two sovereigns deposited with the club. Ferguson, who rode TandBtickor in Che Elsternwick-park Steeplechase, did some thing which will always be regarded as an honourable action. He bad backed Our Boy with Royal Maid for the double (Hurdle Race and Steeplechase), and, with money promised, stood tp win. about £200 if Our Boy won the Steeplechase. He rode Tindetickor, and iust beat Our Boy. Comment on conduct like this would be superfluous. Duration, who was purchased by Mr. W. Neill, has gone to Mathoura to be prepared for the Deniliquin meeting Mr. Kermode has named his yearling colt, by Glorious from Tasma, "Manxman," and the colt, by King of the Anglers from Waitress, " Defrauaer." At the V.A.T.C. meeting J. Cripps, just be fore the Steeplechase payed £1 to the agent of the horse insurance company to insure Denmark for £300. Had First Love been so insured his owner would have received some recompense. The conditions of <&e; Deniliquin Steeple chase appear this week. The added money is 100 sova, and the winner will also receive a piece of plate value 50 sovs. The following are the stakes won at the V.A.T.C meeting: - Mr. S. G. Cook, 1st Oakleigh Handicap, £303; Hon. W. Pearson, 1st Criterion Stakes, £200 ; Mr. R. Howie, 1st Steeplechase, £133: H. Chifney, 1st Hurdle Race, £121; J. G. Reid, Ist Sonth Tana Handicap, £85; T. Jones, 1st Selling Race, £50 ; A Halinboarg, 2nd Oak leigh Hanmcap, £50; M. Jacobs, 2nd Criterion Stakes, £40 ; W. E. Dakin, 3rd OaVlritr*1 £25; A. Johnson, 2nd Steeplechase, £20; S. Muter, 3rd Criterion Stakes, £10 ; W. M'Leod, Srd Steeplechase, £t0 { A. Ferguson, 2nd Soath- Yarn, Handi cap, £10; J. Wilson, 8rd South Yarra Handicap, £5^J. Simson, 2nd Hurdle Race, .j'he full programme of the Bourke Jockey Club meeting appears this week, and those owners who intend journeying that way should not fail to peruse it The entries for the principal events, including the Central Australian Handicap, of 500 sovs., dose with the secretary, Mr. C. C. Naughton, on the 14th Amil. On Thursday next racing men will as semble on the banks of the Hawkesbury, to celebrate the opening of the H.R.C. meeting. Victoria will not, perhaps, be represented, unless Messrs. Robertson send something'to run for the honour of the ookmy. The Rowley Mile and Hawkeebhry Handicap axe the only events that create interest here, Mid for the former' I fancy Soldier Boy and Lowi Exeter, and for the latter Brown and Rose and Highland Mary, There was some capital racing at Gsulfield on Saturday, and though the thr$afe*un| fcp pearance of the weather aoubtie^s deterred fellow that Sundowner. Be oew come snhrh at Fletmnrton hot*/"1 with tie monesron, be led nil the *¥» «*« won comfortably. Boater didnl ^tls ri,5et «fled T£e overstated that t&e; horse 2^.v? JtV co"^°,n, andhadn't been doing ^ i,roctfi^t-forth a remark to better beep him in the T5?1106*nfonn. Thejockey WUrodased with a canton, and theownS qfarfbfe ' never ran another boise. produced one 'I TheOakleigbHandicap ? Wie beet races of theyear, vvnuu«wj gm on with them be might haws got home Duenna was tbe first onlier leg*, tat sbj. conidn't pet nearer than fourth. Nuncio, who had done a good thing with The Ghost and was backed lor heaps of money, once looked very Hke a winnpt, bnt he died SSL* r<^ «trnSg'e commenced, and didn t obtain actuation. Tothill's luck stock to mm, for First Love, while in a good pp9iaoa, broke her shoulder, and she hind to be destroyed. The finish for tbe frfi.'Mqnite aa exciting aa that for the Oaklcigh Handicap. Arsenal just got borne in the lost stride, and though it j fiJieaT performance to receive a stone j from Lady Claudia and .beat her a head, the ,Ukeaa J?*T® colt He is a son of I uoRAffoogh and the imported mare Powder. ^IwMteengasedfn the A.J.C. Sires' Pro' dace Stakes and Foal Stakes, he may ac wmpanj Commotion to Sydney. Melodious wasmade a favourite until she was stripped, and-appeBwd 80 awfully jolly/' Her per ®»^»ce t^refore was no criterion of her |^>bert Howie had a pretty good1 *Fn ^ 01 t^5e,Steeplechase, though I don j think be would have bad each an etw victory had Kilduff allowedDenrrtark to sail along as usual. With such a weight, T}JleZfT> CnPPa thought it advisable to wait wuatnm, and gave orders to adopt different tactics to those which have proved successful in former races. Mr. J. G. Reid'a luck seems to have fairly turned, and his more Grace Darling showed her superiority over her op ponents m the Booth Yarra Handicap by coming from the extreme rear to the front, and winningeasily. Bookmakers, as a rale, are not angels, and when they commit tbemselves they receive but scant consideration. Nor should theit deeds of benevolence be forgotton. One of the fraternity last week showed an example which might well be followed by other turf men who land a big stake. I allude to Mr. Samuel Ramsbarjr, who bad a good time at the late V.R.-CL autumn meeting, and didn't wrget his brethren in distress, for he sent to 1 he Argus a cheque for £150, to be distributed amongst the principal charitable institutions ? ir ° thou .and do likewise, say I to those whomay be fortunate enough to ap propiate a big sum at tbe next important meeting. Mr. A. F. Bradsbaw, who has for some time struggled on against adverse fortune, has determined to give up (acing, and his horses are now for private sale. Bus string includes several very useful horses, and in Meerschaoofc tt ? a y that ought to pay her way. F. Lammerse, who was disqualified* by tha Tasmanian Racing Club, was on the V.A.T.C. course last .Saturday, bat received notice to quit from Mr. Wright, «nd be quitted. Mr. J. A. has sold his trotting mare dowifV&W; * Peer' 40 Mc Tye' of In answer to a request from the South Anatolian Jockey dub, the .Victorian Rail, way Commissioners have consented to. grant special fares from all country'stations during the week in which the S. A^J.C. meeting takes place. In consequence of the success that at-* ten,T the last Sbepparton meeting, the . 7," determined to have a day's sport in the winter, and the day chosen is May 25. loe surplus from the February gathering has enabled tbe dub to pay for the erection of the grand stand and the improvements in the saddling enclosure. The latter is to-be still further enlarged, and evetrthing will be in good order for the winter meeting. The Northern (N.S.W.) Hunt Club is, I am glad to say, m a flourishing condition, the report conveying the gratifying intelligence tnat in addition to paying the season's ex penses, the dab has also paid otf all arrears owing at the dose ot the season of 1883, tore tuer with subsequent expenses. At a meeting of the committee of the peniliquin Jockey Club last week, the presi dent, Mr, \v. R Virgoe, announced that the programme provided for two days' racing, with prizes amounting to £405, ntmrly half of which has been raised by private subscriptions. It was decided that Mr. . . ? rRr ,nt^ fihouJd be entrusted with the task of framing the handicaps. Indian papers to hand give particulars oi roe second- day*# racing at the Calcutta . January meeting. The principal race of the J day, the Merchants' Cup, was won by Nul who Carried Set. 511* and beat Sting, (9st 101b.), Tablefcop (9st 4(b), and Song, First Water, Somerset, Sylvahus, and Regu lator. At the Lucknow meeting The Baron, by Lapidist-trom Rosalie, won the JDiawuig rooin Stakes, Cestorewitch, and Kiddepore P«*®& and these victories of the sons of Lapidwt will, no doubt be gratifying to Mr. John Field. The Grand Annual Steeplechase was won by the Australian gelding Tim Wniffier, and Mr. Maitiand rode. Sylvanus to victory in the Trial Stakes and Farewell Handicap. Paragraph, another Australian, won the Stakes. . The studioof Mr. Fred Woodboase. sen., is worth a visit just-now. I dropped in during the week, and found tbe veteran urtitiTbil just completed a capital likeness of lh« steeplechases Denmark, it was execnted to the order of the gentiemanwho races under the nom de course ol Mr. &U.; Wilson, and Ive no doubt he will be well pleased with the efforts of the Victorian winter. The horse is repreaented with Cree in the saddle! understock Hprati?. he was. weli entitled to i ^ position, oi .pilot to one of the best «£?£}uC^a8^t8 ew* »» Australia. Mr. ** Matwk. with A. lummwiai inivKA 1 **' Is _ aa_ . ».» : aST toth* *."»« arrive ahortly from Maaden infbtms the I ship Company hag -* them a free t>iSsi J Snficb had maS iJl I dopwbure fwm dftiag tte PtBssntm? . 3^rnoys,.named A»«ni: tm rickM?Cau8Uxi,have absooo^d l ^eencl a- traininfi»- e "" -i ttainets not. next . 'forM. >&XMllS4Waa;^iBNi; 4Mr. ntoiprtbetf titttiw have ever had bis equal. The son of t>on Giovanni is a good horse over hard lea and oil the flat* and as India is ultimately to be bis destination be ought to take the place of Palmexston as one of the moot useful hones ever Been in the coantrr. He viil be accompanied by the Victorian jockey, J. ItOey, Capital entries have been received for the Australian Jockey Club meeting, and as Vic toria is very well represented, probably some of the spoils will come this way. In the weight-forage division we have Commotion, Silver King, David, Off Colour, and Corio lanoL to say nothing of the two year olds. I notice that Navigator hat been nominated for several of the weight-for-age races, and if this brilliant son of Robinson Crusoe be in anything like his three-year-old form Com motion will have to look to his laurels, for I doubt it we ever saw a better three year old 1 tbaa Mr De Mestre'a black. Mr. F. F. Dakin will leave for Sydney next week, and will take with him Commotion, Kingship, and ArsenaL Mr. Wliitty scratched Vanguard, Minerva, and Old Soul directly be saw the weights for the Hawkfsbury Hurdle Race, and he in forms me that he also intends to scratch them for their A_J.C. engagements. Mr. S. G. Cook leaves lor Sydney to-day, and will' take Marie Loaise and Anglesey with him. Mr. & Gardiner has leased the Tubal Cain Bertha colt to Mr. W. NeiL 3\. Cripps intended to send Derision and Pride ot the Hills to Melton to ran, bat in consequence of the fisilvay department not keeping a promise u> provide a box at the JBssendon station, he was compelled to re main behind. Books have been opened on the Sydney Co& and Coronet seems to be most in favour at about 100 to 8, bat until the Hawkesbary Handicap has been decided I do not expect to hear of many transactions in connexion with the gnat handicap of oar neighbours. Mr. K, C. Baker has resigned his position as a member of the Sonth Australian Jockey dab committee. 