THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE'S ADDKESS AT ? THE ^ V'\ ^ ;'VAipi;TJAL MEETING OF THE Y.M.C.A. Christian young men in these days have to struggle with painful difficulties. And those difficulties cannot be avoided, for we live in an' age of great advance in the knowledge of natural science — in an age' when masses of facts, new and most valuable to the human race, have' to. be co-ordinated with those truths of revelation which used almost to fill our whole mental horizon. In such a process, rashly and impatiently conducted, as it too often is in our days, revelation is liable to snifer in two ways — first, by apparent contradiction of its truths, and secondly by being thrust out of sight, or, at least, from its long unchallenged place of primacy. Now, before these difficul ties tire removed, before the co-ordination of natural and revealed truth, now proceeding, can be completed, we must gain a fuller and clearer view of the two things supposed to be in opposition. On the one hand, we must understand the Bible better, and learn to give up many old-fashioned and unfounded views of it ; and, on the other, while accepting all the well-established facta of science with joy and thankfulness, we must get rid of those pseudo- philosophical infer ences from the facts of science, in themselves false and misleading, which alone come into conflict with the fundamental truths of revelation. But now, I may be asked, ' How long do you think ifc will be before \- the1 reconciliation of which you speak will be not only effected, but popularised ? How long will it be before «'i Christian man can rest upon the reconstructed theology with tbe same comfort arid certainty that our fathers rested upon the old ?' Alas I I cannot tell you. I can see the time coming, and I am sure that it will arrive. But who can tell how long human perversity and self-conceit may delay its arrival? I can only answer you in the words of Henry EusselPs song— There's a good time coming, lioys ; Wait a little longer. ? ' Yes,' you may answer ; ' but what are we to do while waiting ? We, too, have to live, and we must get some faith toliveby. How, then, are we to arrive at that 1' Well, I v;ould say, Trust a little to the Church of Christ. There may be differences, some of them serious enough, between its several denominations ; but on the great truths of our holy faith they are all agreed. Don't you think you might live on the great truths for a while, and think less about the little ones 1 Don't you think it might do you good, and perhaps get yoa ready to help on the better future, if you heartily made the attempt to do this 1 . ? . .??''?'?' Well, perhaps I think I hear some of you grudgingly say, But then we see that doubt is thrown by many even upon those greater, truths, and how shall we satisfy ourselves about them while waiting for the good time coming? Once upon a time one of our kings asked a theologian — Leslie, by name— if he could not furniBh him with a short and portable argument for the truth of the faith, such as a plain man could understand and carry about with him. I suppose that it is something like that you are in want of, and as I think that some thing like that may possibly be of great service to many, -I will try to supply it for you. ... My 'short and easy method' with our modern atheists, deists, agnostics, and all others who are opposed to what is called 'super- natural religion,' is in substance like that of Leslie. It is simply this: When a question arises about the truth of- revealed religion, begin from what is certain, and argue thence to what is less certain. This is the true scientific method. When Kepler began his elaborate calculations, he started from the certain Tycho Brahe had made, and. recorded a number of exact observations of the successive positions of the planetary bodies. Those positions were known. Kepler began there. Then he put the question : If I assume that the planets move, in circles round the sun, and that the sun is in the centre of .those circles, will that bring the planets into the positions in which Tycho Brahe saw them ? He found it would not. Will it, he asked, if I put the sun out of the centre ? He found it would not. Will it if I assume the principle of equal areas, instead of that of equal spaces, on the curve? He found it would not, .though now he was more nearly right. Will it, if assuming the principle of equal areas, I also assume that the planets move in ellipses, and not in circles, round the sun? And now at long last he was right. What brought him right 1 His determination to stick fast to the known while he was seeking for the unknown. If at any point of his investigation .he had suffered himself to say, Perhaps Tycho Brahe was wrong in his observations, and my beautiful theory is discredited by his careless ness, he would never have made his grand discoveries. No, he said, IE my theory does not agree with known facts, so much the^vorae for my theory ; I must seek another. . ; . Now, I want you to adopt the same method with respect to the great facts of the Christian faith. Seek, first, the known, the' certain, and don't let any one drag you away from that. But is there anything certain about the Christian faith, so. far as' it is a faith in the supernatural ? I believe there is. All critics are agreed, whether they be sceptics or believera, that St. Paul wrote the Epistles to the Romans, Corinthians, and Galatians. You may put ? that down as a certain fact. Well, then, what follows ? That the disciples believed they had seen their Master alive after His death. This follows, because in those epistles St. Paul tells us he knew Peter and James and John, that he had held long conferences with them, and that in the substance of their preaching they were at one. Now, what was t.he foundation-stone of their preaching? Just this,. that Jesus had risen from the dead. In one of his epistles, the First to the Corinthians, St. Paul tells us that Jesus appeared not only singly to the principal apostles and collectively to the whole company,! but on one occasion to more than five hundred brethren at once, of whom the greater part were alive while he was writing his letter. No one doubts that St. Paul said this, no one doubts that his means of infor mation were ample, no one doubts his truthfulness.- It is certain; then, that the apostles believed that they saw their Master after His death. Now, then, how came they to believe that ? How could they believe it if the Lord never rose from the dead 1 We who believe have not to answer that question, observe. Those have to answer it who call in question the fact of the resurrection. Now, in order to construct their so-called natural explanations sceptics . have to assume the truth of certain facts recorded in the Gospels. Well, assuming no more than they do, I think I proved last Easter Sunday that their attempted explanations collapse under careful examination. So impossible, indeed, are they, that even those who would fain receive are obliged to abandon them, as the sceptical critic Keirn has done. I affirm, then, that it is impos sible to account for the apostles' belief that they had seen their Master alive after His resurrection, except on the assumption that He actually rose from the dead. Here, then, we have a certain super natural fact proved and certain — that Jesus Christ rose from the dead. 'Oh! it cannot be,' cry the sceptical theorists, 'for it is our theory that a supernatural fact is impossible.' So much the worse for your theory, then. Here ia a fact, and your theory, if it is worth anything, must square with the fact. What was the use of saying that the planets could not be where Tycho Brahe had seen them, because, if they were, their position would contradict the theory of circular motion? So much worse for the theory, then. It is not for the fact to give way, but for the theory to do so which fails to account for the fact. The resurrection of Jesus Christ is & fact, a fact established by the adimtted_teabimony of St. Paul ; that stand's, whatever else gives way. Now comes a second, and a very different question. If that/fact occurred, how and under what circumstances did it occur? Now, to answer that question we have to appeal to the Gospels, and upon the authorship and genuineness of certain portions of the Gospels critics have not yet arrived at a perfect agreement. There is room here for doubt, room for discussion, and though I am far from thinking that the end of these discussions is uncertain, yet, for the present, we are not entitled to assume here the same degree of historical certainty which we feel in quoting St. Paul's Epistles. Let us, thenj begin with what is certain. It is historically certain that Jesus rose from the dead. We know that before we come to those portions of the Gospel which are disputed. We don't go to the Gospels to ask about the occurrence of the event, but only about the manner in which.itoccurred. Now, you will find that all cur Melbourne sceptics carefully ignore that fact. They assume that we go to the Gospels to inquire whether the event occurred ; and then they try to find such contradictions ia the accounts of the event as shali make its occurrence uncertain. Their pains are all in vain, ; We are certain of the fact before we come to disputed passages in the Gospels. We go to their study with that fact in our minds. We say : Given the fact, how did it occur ? So that you see, if the imaginary contradictions of the sceptics were all real ones, they would not affect the certainty of the event in the very least, but only the manner of its occurrence. But nine-tenths of these alleged contradictions are purely imaginary, as you may readily convince yourself by reading Mr. Cooper's little book on Tlie Verity of Christ's Resurrection. If, however, we suppose that there remains some degree of variance in the evangelical accounts which the harmonists fail to recognise, ought we to be disconcerted by. such a discovery ? Not in the least. If each of the witnesses of \- Christ's resurrection gave a truthful account of what he saw, some slight variations would be inevitable. For different witnesses are struck by different aspects of the same appearance, to say nothing about slips of memory. Aberdeen tells us that ' when Schleiermacher and Steffens were professors at Halle they took a run out to the Petersberg with two students. Three of them afterwards gave an account of the excursion, and all differ in important circumstances. For instance, though we know that there were four companions, Schleiermacher only mentions two, and Steffens one.' But did any one ever imagine that this excursion never occurred, because of these variations in the account of it? Not any one. No more would any reasonable person imagine that the resurrection never occurred because the first narratives contain variations in their account of the manner of it. But, now, what I wish you to^ notice is that the fact ia, certain before we come to disputed passages in the Gospels ; and that, having certainty of the fact, we are all the more ready to recognise in the variations of the Gospels the well-known marks of faithf nl testimony, free from plot or collusion. But, now, what follows from the acceptance of this fact of the resurrection ? That we should expect it to be the introduction of great events in the spiritual world. If Christ rose again from the dead, then the fact of His ascension, and of the effusion of the Holy Spirit, become the natural consequences. If He rose again, He rose for a purpose — to undertake a great office in the spiritual world. Further, His resurrection accredits His promise that if He went away He would send to His Church another Comforter, who should convince them o£ sin, lead them into all truth, sanctify them wholly, and abide with them for ever. If Christ rose again, He is to be believed ; if He rose again, this promise is exactly of the kind we should expect Him to make. The certain fact explains the otherwise uncertain facts, and at the same time attests their truth. Further, this fact of Christ's resurrection, and of what followed it, explains, as nothing elsecanj the history of His Church. It1 is, again, a certain fact that the Church of Christ came into existence and spread over the whole Roman Empire in the lifetime of St. Paul. His letters prove it. Nay, soon after the apostle's death we learn even from heathen witnesses how rapidly the Church spread, how mightily it changed men's hearts and lives, how it beat down pagan philosophy and pagan religions, and at last ascended \- the throne of the civilised world. What, then, gave it this wonderful influence ? What was the secret power that wrought in it, putting to shame the wisdom of the wise, paralysing the power of the mighty, abolishing all distinctions of rank, race, sex, and servitude, and fllling a miserable, decaying world with hope and holiness and peace 1 The certain fact of the resurrection explains the certain fact of the Church's spiritual success. It succeeded because it bore its risen Master's life in its heart — because it wrought with the power of the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven. Now, isn't this enough for you, young man, whoever you be? Being certain of a risen Saviour and a sanctifying Spirit, cannot yoa well afford to wait till criticism has said its last word about difficul ties in the Old Testament 1 And when those difficulties are paraded and exaggerated by half- educated and impudent blasphemers, is it not answer enough for you that, beginning with what is certain — your Master's resurrection — and reasoning back from that you can see that, on the whole, whatever becomes of particular passages, the economy of law under the Old Testament plainly led up to the . economy of grace under the New. I do not say this to make light of difficulties, or to discredit critical or scientific studies. I hope that such studies will 'be prosecuted with ever-growing energy and an ever-increasing determination to arrive at the truth . But I say that to you,, who cannot engage in such studies, enough is certain to enable you to await their result in calm confidence, and meantime, guided and sanctified by the Spirit of ; Christ, to fill your life with profitable labours, and to keep your soul in Christ's perfect peace. 