A Pilo of Money in Dogs! j "Now then, Snowball, get a few, more sticks for the fire, there's ; going to bo a frost to-night.; Come; boys, wire in, supper's ready," said Billy the head stockman," and our nimble daikie3 strode off for more wood, while wo/ ^ t ii .1 1_-l_.. ..i- ._'.. n... " gathered round our cosy camp fire, and did f iül justico s to " the hot johnny-cakes and quart-pot tea. : . ¡; Some haliV .dozen -;of. ;us . : were camped on tho out-skirts of the Balajoie run, for the purpose of mustering fat bullocks the following day. Old Jack Smith, the cattle picker, was of our party, arid as soon as supper was disposed of, our pipes wore lit and we sat yarning for a , while. . Presently, old Jack . said: / ¡ What's;.the greatest ; lot^of native dogs you ever saw in one >. mob?" ' ; Some. of us had seen six, some ; eight, and one man had seen, sixteen, < he said, though he knew we didn't believe him." . , . ." Well," " said "old Jack, with a quiet grin, "I'll just tell you what I've Been.: . .>.??, -, .-J- ¡,/-,.. " Some years asro; I was on my way to pick 500 fats near Tambo;. - But I happened to meet a couple, of old motes in Springsure, and, as a matter of course, we boosed up pretty considerable, and spent a very jolly night of it.. I was a little moro than three parts sprung next morning, as ¡ I rolled, on to my horse, < after à parting glass with, my old ' friends; and'continued my journey. " I had not - got more than eight or ton miles along tho road, when a ; nativo dog r.an put of, a hollow, log. ,in front,'¡of; me.¡f, As. I, rode , 'towards the log, - a second dingo ran . out; and, before 1 had reached with- in: 20' yards: of it; : still- another appeared.' This rather surprised me j so I pulled tim hqrseíúp and waited y 'to4see if ; any more 'would shell out; Sure enough," in another minute, out popped a .fourth, dog,, and, soon aftei", another and another ."v I be-' came intensely/ ' interested;sïfor;;"at ' this time an association was formed j in Springsure to put down the native dogs, and they were offering .£1 each for scalps. j " Says I to myself, when I had counted fifteen dogs, 'This here game's getting amusing. I'll; camp here till that crowd come back, then I'll] stop up the hole and trap the jolly lot. Bless mo life,' said I, as they kept on coming. 'That's twenty-five dogs, and maybe they haint all come out yet. Twenty-five blooming notes for one day's! work! Won't that be pluming? I guess I'll buy the old .woman a silk dress with one-half, then1 she won't .mind my liquoring up with the other.'; ; \ .i Here's more dogs, hurrah !' I shouted, wild with excitement. .'Here's:more dogs, and I'll get .little Joe a'rocking- horse, and Beni a billygoat.! Sal shall have the bulliest doll in . Rockhampton/ and I'll put : ¿61 reach1 for : 'em" in the Savings: Bank.' . i ?-,(*?; r.",3-f-''; ? ' J " Thirty-two,' thirty-three, thirty-four, and then; on to forty. . I .began to" think something must; certainly be wrong with me, , and that my muddled* .brains..were playing me a {rick.- . ? , ¡ ; . r." Mt's tho horrors you've got, you old fool,'said I, and I pinched myself, and looked, more atten-l tively than before. ' ;.'<.''?-. ' - . " ' No, there could be no mistake about it.- At; an interval of three minutes, out popped, a dog 'just like clockwork, and now I noticed '.what had escaped nie before, every flaming dingo ,that¡ came .out was of tho female sex, and' of the same yellow: color. "Having thoroughly ? convinced myself that there was no possible mistake about it, that I had not got the horrors,' and that the dogs were real genuine animals, my mind began to take in and grasp the .situation.properly. ' That's 75 female ]dogs.I've.' counted out of that one hollow log. Now, isn't,. it,?. only reasonable to suppose that there's 75. male '. dogs either . in that log or some other. Tn fact,' said I, reasoning on my knowledge, and forty years' experience amongst :dogs and- other animals, 'if there's seventy-five -rnOi it's eighty now. If there's eighty spinster (dogs in that one , hollow log, it stands to-reason; besides the male dogs, ' there must be a whole dose" of matronly dogs, besides a perfect pile of pups somewhere not far away.' " No more did I think of anything so paltry as a silk dress for the old woman- my ideas became far more exalted ; ' I'll take up this country/ said I, 'and forma station for breeding dogs. These mountain scrubs and hollow logs will return me a richer income than the best fattening run in Queensland. 'By Jove! the widow's cruse of oil habit a small circumstance to this jolly old dog. . There goes Nogg, and she's another slut. If I had Phil and Jerry here (these were my mates in Springsure), I'd bet them those last ten dogs to a shilling that there's a cool thousand dogs in that log yet besides what must be in other logs, and all the male dogs and puppies. Blow me, if I won't build a hotel and invite all my Old chums to come and drink free as long as the dogs will last, and I'll go and buy the Barb !'-he was the crack horse these days. ' What a holy old row there must be about these parts of a night time; just fancy two thousand native dogs and puppies all a-yowling at the one time ! Why, it would kill a whole camp of blacks. They would die pf envy, lockjaw or a broken heart a-trying to imitate 'em. It strikes me it-would never do tc live up here ; I guess I'll stick a manager on this station, and I'll buy the Exhibition Buildings ir Sydney, and live there in style, you bet>' "Just then the hundred-and-ninth dog cami out, and it was limping a bit, and seemed to b< distressed. One hundred-and-ten took a litth longer than usual, and, when it came, was limp ing too, and so followed five more ganimy-legget shits each more .distressed than the other. Sai< I, 'This looks bad; they seem to be tailing off i bit. This is the hospital mob ; . they're . al tongueing and got the plexir», I'll just have a lool and see how many more dogs there are in tha log.' »v . \ \ " So$L* got offiniy.;horse;:-rand* approached the opening just as one-hundred-and-sixteen was coui-j ing out, hut, on .seeing me, it turned and fled hack into the log,* and, as I looked in, I saw the surtí ¡disappear ithrough the hole at the other end,| and noticed three little pups coiled up in a hollow! of the log, but never a ghost of another dog could; I see. ti*By this!time I 'was getting sober,'and be-; gan to : drop down to ithe little game. . I jumped!, up, arid started on the ' well-beaten track of the¡ hundred-and-fifteen dogs who had gone before.; My worst'fears were realised ; "the track dis-; appeared behind some bushes, and taking a short circle, entered the log at the other end, which had; been screened from my view by. the shrubs. , ; ! : " Then the melancholy fact broke upon me that I had lost half a day a-building castles in the air,5 and watching one dingo slut trot out of :that log over and over again, in tho vain : hope of enticing me away from her pups, till, exhausted and lame, .she: had nearly knocked, up. . i ¡, ; "Away vanished all my grand plans. No longer did I contemplate taking up that country, or building a pub for my friends, and I've only one consolation now, when I think what a fool I was, and that is, that even if it had been true j and I had all those thousands of dogs, I'd have very soon broke the Springsuro Association, for they bust up soon after ; and time enough too,' for unscrupulous people started importing wolves'; scalps from Russia and America, and native dogs from all parts of the colony. So Springsure began to think it was too much bliss, and wound up that Native Dog Association."--QUEENSLAND PUNCH. - A FiKT.-r^Miss Piora B-- is an awful flirt, and what makes the ladies most against her is that all the married men seem to be so fond of her sooiety. The other day Mrs. M-- said, quite savagely, " Eeally, my dear, don't you think- it almost time you took a husband P" "Who's shall I take?" asked Piora, with a sweet smile. I wish you had been there to have seen Mrs. M-'s faoe. It was quite a picture. ' ? v: ::' 