PRESBYTERY OF SOUTH AUS TRALIA. TLe juurisJ meetings of the Presbytery of South Australia were commenced on Tuesday, April 5, at 10 o'clock, in tlie classroom of the Flinders-street Church. The meeting w2s con stituted by devotional exercises by the moderator (the Rev. Jainos Lyall). Sederiujt. — Tne moderator, the Revs. J. Gor-ion, A. Law, R. Mitchell, D. Paton, M.A., B.D., T. Gray, J. A. Burns, J.Stewart 3-:. Rorke,B. A., A. V. Suthei-land, M. A., B.D., and J. Hall Angus (eiefk of Presbytery), ministers ; and 3Iessrs. A. Bawatt, T. j-fit- chell, W. !\ Huehes, II. Spence, J. Hurray, jun., J. R. McColl, J. Johnson, W. P. McPherson, and T. W. Fleming, elders. Commissions. — The following comurissions were received, and duly sustained : — Port Adelaide, ^Ir. James R. McCotl ; SpaMin^, Mr. H. McCalJum ; Mount Pleasant, Mr. .J. Murrav, jun. ; Jatnestown, I\Ir. Thoviias Mit chell ; 'Port Augnsta, Mr. A. Earratfc; Wal laroo, Mr. James Malcolm; Monarto, Hon. D. Murray, MX.C. ; St. Andrews, Dr. Robertson ; Nairne, Mr. SI. Spgnce ; Wood- . side, Mr. W. F. Hiighes; and Goodwood, Mr. W. P. McPherson. The ModebatjOE then deh'vered the usual ad dress on retiring. We quote the following passage from it : — ' For three months past my circumstances, in consequence of personal and domestic affliction, have not been favorable for the preparation of such an address as you are entitled to expect from your retiring moderator, yet I cannot leave this chair without offering a few words upon our past experiences, and our prospects, our hones. and duties in the futnre. The year which nas just closed has witnessed many changes among us ; in fact, more changes tblin we have liad during any previous year of our history. There were four ministerial members present at our last annual meeting who are not with us to-day. Tlie year had but commenced when one of our number was stricken down by death. Two ministers have resigned, one of whom, has entered on an inviting field of labor ia the sister colony of New South Wales — the other we hope ere long to welcome back from the old land, to which he has gone in quest of health ; and a^i, fourth^ has obtained twelve months' leave of absence also on account of health. Considering our small numbers, so many_ changes lave undoubtedly had a discouraging effect upon us, and have thrown a somewhat heavy burden on those among us who are in a position to render help to vacant congregations. Bufe we have reason to be thankful that to some extent the breaches in our ranks have been closed. We have among us to-day two brethren who have recently en tered on important spheres of labor, and from -whose ability and experience we have reason to exiiect much. A third brother of established reputation and ripe experience may shortly be expected to take charge of the new and promising church at Korwood, and with the blessing of God we may hope that these brethren will not only be successful in building up influential congrega tions in their own immediate districts, but also in helping us to extend the influence of our church throughout the land. Oar prospects are hi some respects better to-day than they have been for some years past. If we receive the wisdom to know what we ought to do and the energy to do it, and if we are supported by the intelligent and practical sympathy of our people, we may hope that before long the Pres byterian Church may take a more efficient part than she has hitherto done in carrying on the work of Christ in the colony. Our great difficulty all along has been to obtain suitable men for our vacant posts. The home churches have not always been able to help us in our needj and the supply of young men of ability and education from the ooloay ha3 bean but scanty. From information we have recently received we believe there will now be less difficulty in obtaining well qualified men from Scotland. We have just had an illus tration of promptitude and liberality on tbje part of the colonial committee of the free church in the appointment of tlie Rev. A. C. Sutherland, and it may be well for us from time to time to avail ourselves of their wise and generous assistance. There is a large share of work open to us. There are many places where adherents of our chureh are located where we might supply the ordi nances of religion. If suitable men were : forthcoming we. ought to be able to plant . churches in various important districts. There must, however, be a spirit of enterprise. We must 'expect great thmgs and attempt great things.' We must s-eatare somewhat. Of course^ we shall require the suppsrt of our people. We cannot extend the boundaries of our church. We cannot plant new congrega tions and sustain them ; we cannot train men in the colony, or bring out men from home tii mh-ister to those congregations without li.e^ns. Our congregations must be t night tl:at their duty is not finished when they have sustained the ordinances of religion among themselves, but that they have a duty to perform towards the church as a, whole — lhat the strong should help the weak, and that the sympathy and half of the whole body fchould go forth towards the new causes which may from time to time be fstabiished. We are persuaded that if this matter -were put before our people clearly f.nd earnestly they would respond. The fast ihat the income of the foreign mission fund has for the year just concluded amounted to over £340 shows that when our people are interested in a cause they -will contribute. It will be necessary during the course of the present year to press this matter of the iotas mission scheme with some degree of earnest ness, as from the obligations we have under taken an increase of funds is indispensable. \\\ e have a scheme on hand to raise a capital fund of £5,000 for church extension purposes. It will be well for us to take early steps to raise tliat amount in prospect of the jubilee of Presbyterianisrn in the colony four years hence, and surely out of the wealth which exists among us a sum far exceeding that amount may -without difficulty be obtained. For the present however, it will be necessary to do our utmost to raise what is needful to meet the liabilities of the year. There is one subject of wider interest which has engaged some measure of attention, and ?which -will demand even more earnest atten tion ji the immediate future. I mean the subject of federation. Several conferences have been held, and a scheme has been drawn up by which the Presbyterian Churches of Australia and Tasmania may, without interfering with the autonomy of each other, enjoy^the advantage of a conimoa constitu tion, and of common rules and forms of procedure ; may have a common standard of ministerial education, and may carry on under the direction of one board the great ?work of heathen missions. A final con ference is to be held in Melbourne in little more than two months, and unless some unforeseen difficulty arise the consummation may he. effected in tiie course of the present year. It will be necessary for us caref ally to consider the whole subject, and probably to send it down to our sessions and congrega tions. Various advantages may be expected to arise from such federation as is proposed. The united church would be able to take action on matters 01 common interest. Suctr a mission as the New Hebrides Mission could be managed better and more economically, and the formation of a eominon standard of ministerial education would be ol the greatest value to the whole church. One thing which we and our people very much require is enthu siasm, an enthusiasm resting on an enlightened faith. Aiiythinglike doubtas to our principles must necessarily tend to lessen our zeal and to hinder our success. The unrest which has of late been so prevalent in tlie theological world has had an injurious influence on Christian enterprise. Men who are always examining the foundations of faith are not likely . to make much progress in rearing the super structure. The men who accomplish any thing for God and their generation are men who believe. The system of doctrine we are called to teach is one of which amid the conflict of opinion we have no reason to be ashamed. Tliat the salvation of man lias originated in the sovereign, free, everlasting love of God; that it is through the all-perfect sacrifice offered by the obedience unto death ot 13 is only-begotten Son ; that those who receive Oesus are freely justified and become partakers of the life eternal — these, briefly stated, are the leading features of that system of doctrine wliich is held among us ; aud whilst we give all credit to brethren in other churches who look at tlie same truths from a, dif ferent standpoint, and acknowledge that even in regard to these doctrines we are sur rounded -with difficulties on all sides, we maintain that, better than any other, our system interprets the teachings of the Word 01' (Tod, and is fitted at once to meet the re Suiitments of the sinful soul and to build up j tie believer in faith and holiness. Our system of church government is also calcu- j lated to draw forth our hearty loyalty. It j rejects all notions of priestly authority and j sacramental grace, and not only places all its j minibteis in a position of equality with eSlck j other but ako regards them as persons who are ? to have no dominion over the faith of the dU- j ciples, but who are to be helpers of their joy. I Better than any other system with which we I are acquainted it secures on the one hand the dignity of the Christian ministry and on j the other the rights and liberties of the j Christum people.' The rev. gentleman next j combated the opinion that is gaining ground \ that long pastorates are undesirable, and he , referred to the power of the Holy Ghost as being indis- pen.sable to their success as a church. He then proceeded: — 'There are many tilings around us and among us vi'liich are calculated to cause us anxiety and to stir us up to caJl upon God for a fresh baptism of the Holy Ghost. We have no wish to take a gloomy view of the state of religion. We do not imagine, as some good Christians do, that matters are rapidly growing from bad to worse, and that tins is bound to be the course of things till there is a visible manifestation of the Lord from ?.*-aven. We sincerely believe, notwithstand ing certain appearances to the contrary, that the -crorid is getting better, and that fiie kingdom of God is Tn airing progress. Yet there are tilings which ase fitted to produce sadness in our hearts. There is a widespread alienation on the part of large masses of the people from the ordinances of religion. 'There has grown up around us a spirit of luxury. an3 frivolity which has unfitted many for every thing like serious thought on the grave rw-ponsibilities of life, and of its issues, li njf.y be questioned if even among Christian people there is Hut earnest endeavor to sanctify the day of the Lord which we be lieve to be necessary to the healthy mainte nance of the spiritual life. There is an in creasing difficulty in obtaining properly qualified persons to work in our Sabbath tcliouls and in other departments of Chris tian eiwti'pu, and there is reason to fear that the number of persons -who from.' time to tiiee are led to avow themselves i«i the Lord's side is very small. The church needs to uvs=e ci-d put on strength — to realise more fully the responsibility under which she lies to her great head and to the world ; to sst herself with renewed earnestness to the work given her to do. and to prosecute it in a spirit of humble, earnest prayer for fchfroatponringof . the spirit of God.' 33iv Lyan-ccmcLadelUas follows: — 'A good many of tlie evangelistic '. ' agencies of the present day ane cam^: .. on outside tlie churches and not always in harmony with tiiem. 'Now we must heartily rejoice in every case where human souls arc converted from the error of their ways and brought into tfce .kingdom of God. Yet it is most desirable that the con verts .should become associated with organised churches ; that they should be iafuU sympathy with these churches, and that- ths churches should furnish them with the means of spiritual improvement and:of Christian useful ness. Perhaps we have been to blame ia too much leaving aggressive work te be done by outside agencies. Perhaps we need to be shaken somewhat out of our dignity and to be made to feel that our work is not done when we have ministered to the comfort and edification of our own congre gations, but that we rnust bestir ouraaves for the salvation of the ignorant, the angoclly, tlie immoral around us. That ^hmxia is likely to be most prosperous which concerns itself for the things of others as *s-ell as its own, and whidi applies itself with -zeal *aad .earnestness to the rescue of the perishing and tlie salvation of the lost. Brethren, the time is short, and onr opportunities for usefulness are being rapidly abridged. I cannot retire from this chair with out recalling the great changes which -.have- . taken place since this Presbytery -was formed twenty years ago. There are only three bere to-day who were present then, and many others who nave joioed -us in the interval have been removed. Ere long onr tame for work will come to a close. Be it outs to devote ourselves heart and soul to the glory of our Lord, and to labor according to ouc ability and opportunities for the hastening of that time when men shall be blessed ra Hi-in and all nations shall caU Him blessed.' Afc the conclusion of his address he nominated as his successor the Rev. Alexander Law, of lilonarto, who thereupon took the chair, a.nd oflered a few words in expression of his « thanks at the honor done £im in Sii& ap- ' poinlmeut. Tbe Rev. J. Goecos then moved— ' Tint the thanks of the Presbytery be tendered to the retiring moderator for snis address, sad that the same be printed and ?circulated amongst our ' churches.' ? Eev. E. Robke seconded, and it was agreed.- A prin.ting-oni- rjittee consisting of the.BevB. D. Paton(eon vener), J3. Rorfce, and the , clerk was appointed, aud such committee was empowered to take such fcteps as might be necessary for the liqui- - dation of printing expenses. The vote of thanks -wais duly tendered to the ex-moderator and suitably acknowledged, The Rev. D. Patox then moved—' That the . hearty thanks of the Presbytery be tendered to the clerk for his services, and-likemee to Ae ?treasurers of the various fcinds.-' Seconded by the Eev. J. LrAXL, and agreed. The -3erbk briefly replied. . Koohmga*-^ The Rev. JL RoBEE(moaeraWf reported that this church had. been «nppJied during the quarter by tlie Eev.T, W. Smyths and that under bis care the -work both at Jioolunga, Collinsfield, .and also atthenewiy opened station at Snowtown was -progressing very well. Helsad visited the chtuchesdrmng the quarter on week evenings and?cou$I testify to the work done. The Jfev. .T.-W;SasraE briefly supported the report; which -on tiie motion of tlie Eev. S.. HjtchetA, seconded by . the Kev. T. Ghat, was received and the moderator thanked. Strathalbyn.— Rev. J. Gordon {moderator} reported that he bad visited this church and dispenf ed the companion ; adso holding a con- - gregational meeting at which matters afiecting the church's interests were fally discussed. - The clrujieh was. going on satisfactorily, but anxious for an early settlement. Report re ceived. Rev. James Lawrie. — This minister, at present supplying under the home mission cum- . mittee, handed in ins certificates, which were read, acd a few kind words of welcome ad dressed to him by the moderator. Woodside and Naume. — The Rev. A. Law ; (moderator) stated that he had visited these -. churches at Woodside, Two elders' had been ordained, and at Jboth churches the ordinance of the Lord's Supper had been dispensed. Ue port received. ' Higher Christian Education Scheme. — ^Mr. Tlektsg claimed the indulgence of Prasby tery, in consequence of illness,'to brieflyrepoffc regarding this scheme so tliat he might Tetbre. ? He gave the results of the recent examination, andexpressed regret that the scheme had not been taken up by the churches of the Pres^jy tery as it should have been. It was movedj by ? the Rev. J. Lyall, seconded fyrthe Kev. T« Oeat, and agreed — 'That the-report tie re ceived, and tie consideration of tiie same be deferred till later on, and that the sympathy of the brethren be expressed with Mr. lieming . in las illness. Manmmii— The Rev. T. Gray {i3ocrer£tf-r} reported tbat he had visited Maanom on the first Sabbath of April, and tSiafc services liad' beea conducted ever since under the auspices ' of ihe home mission «ounnittree. Iteport re ceived. Mount Barker.-'-'Hie Rev. J. IiTarx ?(lnodfflator) mentioned that owinff: to illness he had not been able to visit this elan-ch during tiie -past -quarter; the services had, however, been regularly maintained. Tfe - anniversary was celebrated on the -2!nd and 23rd Masai, ®d& was fairly saceeBsfnL :In this church, alike with the other vacancies, there was a Etrong- desire, for a peanattent settlement. Bryth and Woodlands.— The Eev. J. Ltaix {moderator) reported that the services had been regularly maintained daring the quarter, chiefly by Mr. Milne (student). At Blyth flia church is much in the same 'state as 'before. At Woodlands tiie little church is cpate&ill.; The friends at Mount Templeton have re tired front tbe arrangement with tbe other congregations, owing to tbe. fewness of jfc&eir; numbers. Whilst that was to be regretieil, yet tbe two places, Blyth. and Woodlands, *re quite sufficient for tiie energy of aay ordinary man. Smithfield.— The Rev. D. Paros {mode rator} reported that under tiie superinten dence of Mr. Congreve, together with a zealous band of office beaxer*, Hhis charch ?vvasgoing on most satisfactorily. He wished to have assessors appointed in order frvthe election of additional elders, and' suggested that the present -assessors of the Mount Barker Church might act. Seport received, - and appointment of assessors us requested acceded to. Golden Grove. — The Rev. D. Patox {mode rator) stated that the Eev. J. R. Ferguson had resigned this church owing- to ? failing health, and tliat at present temporary mftans were adopted for the supply oE the pulpit. He asked that the Presbytery empower him to- ? negotiate as at present, and also to allow of the appointment of assessors- as: in the case of Smithneld. Report received, and Hoe same assessors appointed. Norwood. — The GtERK announced tbe re ceipt of a letter from the Rev. W. F. Main, of Victoria, accepting the call to this church, and asking the Presbytery to kindly defer the induction till the first week in June owing to the illness of his wife. The Rev. D. 1jatc'S moved — 'That the Presbytery's satis faction l« expressed at tbe acceptance of the call by Mr. Alain; that the induction take jjjace at Korwood on Tuesday, Jane 2, at 7.30 o'clock; that Rev. A. C. Sutherland, M.A., B.I)., preach on the occasion ; Rev. E. Korke, B. A., induct and charge the miaister, and the Rev. J. Gordon charg-e the people.' Eev. J. LT.iix seconded, and it was agreed. Tbe usual edict to be served on two Sabbaths prior to that date. Union of Australasian Churches. — A com munication was read from Dr. Nish, of Vic toria, accompanied by the revised code of rales suggested in connection with this union, and asking the Presbytery to appoint delegates to visit Melbourne on the occasion of the -final conference in Jaly -next. Bev. E. Bobke moved — '-That the 'code of rutes be remitted to sessions with a recommendation that they bring tbe matter before then.- several congr^a lions* and report to the Pjseebytery nut later than June 1 next,-and that imorder to a full consideration of tlie subject the Presbytery ini-et in the usualplace on Tuesday, Jane % at o o'clock p.m.' The Rev. J. Lyall seconded, and it was agreed. Presbjteiial Visitation. — The Cleek moved — 'That this Presbytery take into its con sideration the desirability of at once initiating A system of prefibyterial visitation for the pnr pose of enquiring into the well-being of the ; congregations within the bounds, and as well . to bring prominently before our people dia various sclieuies of tlie church.' He urged tha£ the time had c«-nie when we should establish, the system that was in exercise in other Pres byterian clvm-ehes, both in tbfe-colojuwanda* home, and minted out ihe advantages ttiat would accrue both to the Presbytery and the individual churches. The Rev. J. r-jKW.\hf cordially seconded, tbe motion and gave his experiences of the working of the , system, in New Zealand. Other members j having spoken, the motion was unanimously ; agreed to ; and upon the motion of the Rev. j D. Paton, seconded by the Rev. E. Rorke, | the clerk (as convener), and the Revs. D. | Paton, E. Rorke, J. Stewart, and Mr. J. j Johnson were appointed a committee to for- j mulate a scheme and report to the Presbytery j on June 2. \ Balance-sheets. — The balance-sheets of the i various funds were presented, and Messrs. John Johnston and Thomas Mitchell were ap pointed to audit same and present report on Wednesday. Annual Meetings Committee.— The Rev. E. Eorke (convener) made a statement as to the arrangements for the present meetings, which was agreed to. | Clerk's Annual Statement. — The Cleek i called attention to the failure on the part o'f several congregations to send in the usual returns, and notified that in the absence of these he was unable to furnish the usual sta tistics, but had prepared Ms report, and would read same at the evening meeting. Home Mission Visitation. — The Revs. R. Mitchell and T. Gray reported upon an ex tensive tour they had made of evangelistic character during the past fortnight. Starting from Quorn they had visited Hawker, Gordon, Wilson, and Beltana townships. At the latter place they had held two meetings, when ablest the whole of the people ?were present. At Hergott Springs Mr. Gray had preached twice and addressed the Sabbath school, whilst Mf. Mitchell spent the Sabbath in visiting the camps of navvies beyond Hergott and delivering the gospel message. On the Monday both Messrs. Gray and Mitchell held meetings with the navvies, when there were good attendances, and the visit enjoyed, both by themselves and those who were listeners. On the way back they had visited farina, and held a service, at which there was a good attendance. The Rev. R. Mitchell specially reported about the prospects of a new field that was opening up at Quorn and Mount Arden, the number of Presbyterian families there were there, and their deep interest in the work. He had begun regular services, and desired that members of the Presbytery should set apart a day for paying a visit. The Rev. T. Gray had also visited the hundreds of Coglin and Morgan, had held services in Coglin and alse at Petersburg, and was greatly cheered by the kindly greetings of the people, who were most anxious to have services as often as possible by the ministers of their own church. They had also made a contribution to the home mission fund. The Clerk moved, and the Rev. J. A. Burns seconded, and it was agreed that the reports of the two brethern be received, and that they be heartily thanked for the interest they have shown, and the zeal with which they have undertaken the recent visitation. The Rev. R. Mitchell moved— 'That the Rev. J. Stewart visit Quorn and neighborhood in the month of June ; that the Rev. J. A. Burns visit in the month of July, and that other arrangements be left with himself.' Agreed. IN THE EVENING a public meeting in connection with the Presbytery was held in St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield-street. There was a very fair attendance, and the Rev. A. Law (moderator elect) occupied the chair. The meeting having been opened with prayer, the Chairman delivered a short address, in which he re ferred to the present position of the church, and expressed the hope that increased energy would be thrown into the work during the coming year. The Rev. J. H. Angus (clerk of the Presbytery) then presented the annual statement, and in doine so remarked that the past year had been one of the most eventful in the history of the church in South Australia. During that time they had lost four ministers, the Rev. W. A. Baker by death, the Rev. J. If. Henderson, who had been called to Sydney, and the Revs. J. Mclntyre and W. S. McQueen through ill-health, but both of the latter were expected to return. They had likewise lost by death the treasurer of the home mission fund and an aged elder of Chalmers Church, Mr. T. G. Brown. Five fresh ministers had been received into the colony ; an addition had been made to the students-roll, which now numbered three; and they had also received on probation the Rev. T. W. Smythe, who was supplying the church at Koolunga efficiently, and who in due course would no doubt take a place in the ranks. There were still a number of vacancies, but these were regularly supplied, and would doubtless prove attractive to some servant desiring to engage in regular work. The home mission committee had taken charee of the vacancies, meeting monthly and preparing a plan — a new departure which had worked exceedingly welL This course was found to be necessary, not only because it ensured a regular supply, but because it enabled the church to guard itself against the inroad of adventurers, who without any credentials whatever had sought to take some of the churches by storm. Four of the members of the Presbytery attended the con ference in Sydney in July last with very satis factory results. The Presbytery had been asked to send delegates to the proposed con ference in July next, and were going i to consider the question on June 2. The proposal for a division of the Presbytery bad been considered, and a committee ap pointed to deal with the matter. Turning to financial matters it appeared that the receipts in connection with the Presbytery fund amounted to £67 Is. 6d., the payments to £111 10s. 8d., and there was a balance due to the treasurer of £44 10s. 8d. The receipts for the home mission fund amounted to £221 14s. 4d., and the payments to £192 5s. With respect to the New Hebrides mission fund there was a | balance in the hands of the treasurer of , £379 18s., and £400 had been leut on mortgage for three years at 8 per cent. There was a balance in the hands of the treasurer of £179 13s. 6d. belonging to the aged and infirm, ministers' fund, and £1,875 had been lent on mortgage. The work in con ; unction with the foreign mission had proved TCfr ettisfc^fcoryj and 'the home mission, too, bad done good work,T aitiougli yeong as a fund. One minister was receiving £50 yearly from the aged and infirm ministers' fund, and other votes of temporary aid had from time to time been made, and thus the fund had proved a great source of help. It was hoped that a widow and orphans' fund would be established, into which each minister would pay something, and to which it was felt the congregations would contribute. The three city churches were pur suing the ' even tenor of their way, and the same might be said of the suburban churches. In concluding his remarks Mr. Angus gave a number of interesting facts connected with the various Presbyterian Churches throughout the colony. The Revs. J. Stewart and C. Sutherland having delivered addresses the proceedings were brought to a close with prayer. ? At the Synagogue on Saturday, May 2, the Rev. A. T. Boas in an able and eloquent address made reference to the turbulent rela tions at present existing between England and Russia, with whom a war was impending, even while a fierce conflict was still raging be tween the former power and the descendants of Israel's once mighty oppressor. As loyal and devoted subjects of the British Crown their feelings, their sentiments, and their instincts led them to hope that England would speedily and triumphantly emerge from the present struggle, while the dictates of their re ligion -bade them pray that the dark and gathering clouds would be dispelled, and by temperate and earnest interposition the out break and horrors of a greater war might yet be averted. Religion foi&ade; war in its present motives, conduct, and consequences. No war was justified which was not of a defensive character, nor by reason of ambition, pride, passion, or political greed. Tne spirit of military ambition was condemned by the Jewish creed, as well as alien to its character. Sat 'when another nation opposed us in a spirit of aggression duty and justice demand that we should meet them in a spirit of self-defence, impelled by a love of right and truth, ?and with a desire for the promotion of order and human happiness. How ever gloomy the present outlook, doubtless an inscrutable Providence would turn even the evil passions of men to the furtherance of His glory and dominion, and would ultimately cause to issue from the threatened crisis the liberation of millions of his oppressed creatures and the farther establishment of universal peace. The time for this great consummation would only come when the cravings of human nature were ennobled and spiritualised, but till then we should prepare ourselves with all the means of defence and protection against aggression and invasion of our rights and property. The rev. gentleman concluded his sermon with the expression of an earnest hope for the preservation of peace, so that they might thank God that the destruction of his creatures had been averted. 