SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. RACING. The declarations of withdrawal for the Hurdle Race and Grand National Steeplechase, to be run for at Caulfield on Saturday next, must be posted by 4 o'clock this afternoon, otherwise the over were of the horses remaining in will be held liable for the sweepstakes Entries for the Wagga Gold Cup, Grand Stand Handicap Ladies' Bracelet, and Town Plate, in connexion with the Murrumbidgee Turf Club Spring Meeting, close this afternoon at the V KG offices, Bourke street west, at 4 o'clock. The following scratchings were posted yesterday for next Saturday's V.A T C meeting at Caulfield Hurdle Euee-Echo, Gasalier, Castleton, Cockboat Grand Na- tions! Steeplechase-Denmark, Buzza, Native Selling Hare Mabel Gray. Sapling Stakes Washington Bonnie Dundee was struck out of the Caulfield Cup j yesterday The betting at the clubs yesterday was of a very quiet nature, and principally confined to lieu Mturdnj s Caulfield Hurdle Race and Steeplechase double event The following were the prices -100 to S agat Huntsman near Wv inlet, 100 to 5 Huntsman and Vulcan, 100 to 4 Huntsman and Minenu 100 to J Huntsman and Studley, 100 to 2 The Ghost Mid Lizette Huntsman was also mentioned for the Hurdle Race at 5 to 2 offered for the Caulfield Cup 1 COO to 60 was taken about Hurricane, after which 1,000 to 25 was offered The V R! C Derby proved dead letter, 0 to 2 being offered against Newstead, incl 10 to 1 against the others. COURSING. SILES or*GUu\nouNDS. The attention of coursing men is directed to the sales of grey hounds at Tattersall's Horse Bazaar, Stephen street, to day Mr. J. H Munday has two consignments in hand, namely -Sir W J Clarke's Chime (winner of the Waterloo Purse), Coburg Boj, Clara Crosbie, Carlisle, and other lots, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to the benefit of the widow of the late Thomas Dodds, who for many years was trainer for Sir William Clarke 'The other lots (lb in number) are from the kennel of Mr Harvey Patterson, embracing running greyhounds, brood bitches, Ac., first-class performers, and of the most fashionable blood, as will be seen by the catalogue The first lot will be put up at 12 o'clock sharp THE GREAT SOUTHERN CUP. Mr J Munday, secretary of the Victoria Coursing Club, informs us that in consequence of the small number of nominations received for the (Great Southern Cup the committee have decided to postpone the running for the stake until the 10th of September and following days, when it will be combined with the Rupert Stakes, for 32 puppies, at 4 guineas each, and a 50 guinea plate, added by the Messrs Oliver, and the September Stakes, at J guineas for 16 all ages, that have not won more than two courses The meeting fixed for Thursday and Friday this week will, however, take place. The programme comprises the West Bourke Plate, for 32 all ages, at 5 guineas each, with a 50 guinea trophy added by Sir W J. Clarke, the Oval Stakes, for an unlimited number of puppies, at 3 guineas ear li, with a 20 guinea trophy added by Mr. K. W Montgomery and an all aged stake of lb nominations at 3 guineas each Nouiinationsclosetliis afternoon, ut3o'clock, and are open to members of any club Norm actors in the Great Southern Cup will have the first order in the West Bourke Plate. The entries will have to be made at noon on W ed nesday, and the draw takes place at 3 o'clock the same afternoon. THE CLUNES AND YJOKCA CLUB Our Clunes correspondent writes -'J he Champion meeting of the Clunes and Majorca Coursing Club has been fixed for Monday, August 14, on the estate of Mr Albert Buck null, Deep Creek. The stakes will be for JJ dogs of all ages at 10s each, the first dog to receive £20, the runner up £10. and two dogs at e leh Entries are arranged to be made on Friday evening, 21st inst FOOTBALL. ST JAMES S GRAMMAR SCHOOL V CARLTON COLLEGE On Friday afternoon in w oil-can tested game was pl&jcdatthullojal; parks tcamsreprosentlngllioCarl ton College and St. James g Grammar School The rev suit was a draw, two goals being scored on each side leaving a margin of two or three behinds favour of the college during the first half of the game St. James s proved too menHhort,and during the second hall were still reduced to 17 men out As soon as the play began the ball passed rapidly from side to side and it was not till half an hour had elapsed since the school obtained first goal several behinds had been put to the credit of the college when half time was called After the usual interval the soil continued very fast and furious, the ball Iturdlj remaining for a moment in the name neighbourhood A boat was at length kicked far the college Several pieces of very close and however ensued right before the posts, until a well timed kills added another goal to the score of the school. just before time was called the college equalised matters by securing the second goal BOWLING The twenty first annual meeting of the Melbourne Bou Hunt Club was held on Saturday afternoon the pres suit was in the chair There was a large attend- aiiceoilneuibi.ru The annual report and balance sheet were received and adopted. The following were the prizetakers for the past season Champion medal! Mr Charles fowl residents prices, paved for in pairs, MISSIS J U th"at and O I'illej V no presidents- First prize Mr F Mailer, second prize Air h. Hunt. Medal, for si rifles, presented by Messrs Little and Mood-Mr J H 1 eton The tennis prizes presented by Messrs T A Beckett and M HtieKlej were won by Messrs. F C Chomley und I, L Michie The prizes for pairs (lady and gentleman who won by Miss Shaw and Mr of Major The following were elected officers of the club for the ensuing season -I resident, Mr Charles Wood vice president, Mr John Main, hon. treasurer, Mr H Unitt (re elected) hon secretary Mr E J Louis (re elected) auditors, Messrs. W Small and W I must (re-elected) committee Messrs I L Marks, H J Hammond, E Limit, LI a Prince, and W Siddeley T LAWN TENNIS Port Melbourne v South Yarra- A team from South Yarra, visited Port Melbourne on Saturday, and were easily defeated by the local club, the scores being as follow -Horsham and W v nno (1 Port MR bourne) beat Gregory and loss by 16 games to nil and Harris and Paxton by 16 games to 2. Abernethy and Graham (Port Melbourne) beat Harris and Paxton by nearness to S and Grifeorj and loss by games to X. Total Port Melbourne 40 miles, south Yarra, II, majority for Port Melbourne, 94 games. A match here cent The Sale and Bairnsdale clubs was played on the asphalte court at Sale on Saturday is, in the presence a large number of spectators and resulted inspector for Sale The following are the results -II Allan and English (Sale) best lir Moran and Maiallster (Bairn dale) by 1 > games to 4, and the former pair also decided Webb and Haven Port (Bairnsdale) by ID g lines to 6 Gooch and Gold note (sale) beat Dr Metall and Macalister (Bairns dale) by 15 games toll and Webb and Davenport (bairnsdale) boat Gooch and Caldwell (Sale! by 16 games to 4 Totals Sale, 411 names, Ramsdale, 5 Ramblers v second four of Ormond College, play ed at Toorak on Saturday last, resulted in a win for the Hammers by 17 games The following are the scores Harper and Turnbull (Ramblers) beat Oster meyer and > effort by 16 to 2 and also beat PoLes and Morrison's 100 to 7 li and A Officer (Ramblers) beat both Ormond paris by 16 to 7 In each case Essendon v South Yarra This match was play that Essendon on Saturday, when Messrs. H Stephen and Spoilers (South Yarra) beat Messrs Gould and Taylor 10 to U, and were beaten by Messrs Spofforth and Souter (is sendon) 10 to (1 Messrs Spofforth and Shuter boat Messrs M Tyson and J Stephen 10 to 1 and Messrs Shuter and Forrester (Essendon) beat Messrs Wilson and J Stephen 10 to L. Total-1-sscndou, 34, South Yarra, in 