THE COUNCIL OF TEENT. (Continued.) The. sovereigns and states of Europe looked forward to the council with sangu ine expectations. They resolved to exert all their influence to procure a thorough reformation of abuses. Were this effected, they conceived that the Protestants would cheerfully return to the bosom of the church. Their own interest was also concerned in the favourable issue of the assembly; for ecclesiastical immunities and exactions had shorn them of much of their power, and diffused general dis content and distress among their subjects. The bishops had similar expectations. Their influence and authority had suffered greatly from the encroachments of the monastic orders, and the frequency of appeals to Borne, which the popes took care to encourage. In the council they intended to assert, and hoped to recover their rights and privileges. The feelings and designs of the Boman pontiff differed from those of all the rest. He determined to make no concessions, to permit no change, except for the further aggrandizement of the holy see. Pro testants, prelates, princes, all were to be duped or disappointed : and they were so. Three legates were appointed to preside in the council in the name of the pope — the cardinals De Monte, Santa Groce, and Pole. De Monte was chairman or presi dent : he was well versed in the policy of the court of Borne, zealous for the con tinuance of things as they were, and dis tinguished by his haughty, overbearing demeanour. On the arrival of the legates at Trent, March 13, they found but one prelate there, the bishop of Cava, so that it was impossible to open the council on the day appointed. By the end of May, about twenty assembled. Others arrived during the Bummer, which was spent in various intrigues and negotiations ; for, although the pontiff had convoked the council under auspices so favourable to himself, he could not dissemble his fear of the re sults, and laboured hard to persuade the emperor to agree that the place of meeting should be changed for Borne, or some city within the papal dominions. On the other hand, Charles was anxious that the council should postpone the decision of doctrinal points, and com mence with reformation. His holiness was too prudent to make such a conces sion, which would have defeated his own projects. There was, however, no valid reason for longer delay, and instructions were issued to the legates to open the Council of Trent on the 13th of Decem ber. Much pomp and religious solemnity were exhibited on this occasion. The legates, accompanied by the cardinal of Trent, four archbishops, twenty-four bishops, five generals of monastic orders, the ambassadors of the king of the Bomans, and many divines, assembled in the church of the Trinity, and thence went in procession to the cathedral, the choir singing the hymn, Veni Creator. When all were seated, the cardinal De Monte performed the mass of the Holy Ghost ; at the end of which he announced a bull of indulgences issued by the pope, promising full pardon of sin to all who in the week immediately after the publica tion of the bull in their respective places of abode, should fast on Wednesday and Friday, receive the sacrament on Sunday, and join in processions and supplications for a blessing on the council. A long discourse followed, delivered by the bishop of Bitonto. After this the cardinal rose and briefly addressed the assembly; the accustomed prayers were offered, and the hymn Yeni Creator again sung. The papal bull authorizing their meeting was then produced and read ; and a decree was unanimously passed, declaring that the sacred and general Council of Trent was then begun, for the praise and glory of the holy and undivided Trinity, the increase and exaltation of true religion, the extirpation of heresy, the peace and union of the church, the reformation of the clergy and Christian people, and the destruction of the enemies of the Chris tian name. The cardinal De Monte blessed them with the sign of the cross : Te Deum was sung, and the fathers separated, "greatly rejoicing, embracing each other, and giving God thanks." 