Our Lovely Land Laws. ; Nothing has more glaringly exhibited the drivel ling incapacity of the present Government; and of Charles: Boydell Button, the present Minister for Lands, in particular, than the unhappy and tortuous career of the Crown Lands Act Of 1884. Misshapen in its begetting, it was doctored and manipulated so ruthlessly that it became a* veritable monster. Charles Boydell Dutton, plagiarising from Henry Oeorge's " Progress and Poverty," wholesale and without acknowledgement, arose in the firmament of the Toowong Institute as a brilliant meteor, and scintillated there by the aid of borrowed light. He talked Henry George to his delighted co-mates, but put- it forward unblushingly as, originating with C. B. Dutton. Then he took his flght, with the. aid of borrowed wings and under false plumage, into the Legislative Assembly; and, to the astonishment of all, was accepted as a colleague of the only (thank Heaven, the only!) Samuel Walker .Griffith. Dutton was a fit and pliant tool in the hands of Past-Master Sam. He was plastic as putty, ajid formed just the very individual who was wanted to . cement the TJnholy Alliance betweeii Ah Sam and the great Land Sharks—because he was a man whose head was easily muddled and mystified; a man who could be made believe anything was Henry George, in the same way as, now-a-days, it is fashionable to prove all things opposite to each other to be true in them selves, or false in themselves out of one and the same Bible. '., v Behold Button, then, dosing his constituents "with Henry George, and promising them such a Land Bill. Behold him frothing that freeholds should be discontinued and abolished. Imagine Ah Sam be hind the scenes, listening to and sniggering at this precious Harlequin for Lands. Follow Button's land speeches in the House, and notice their gradual modification. First, nothing is to rule but per petual leases. Next, freeholds are to be continued in town aind suburban lands, but are to be abolished in country are^; That is a sop to the "Liberal" land rt rings" of the South, the sharks of the 16 perches allotments—most of them, staunch Grifli thians. Later, the great ef Liberal" majority in the House finds its bosom unquiet in respect of the abo lition of freeholds, and, 'pouf! at a sign from Ah Sam, the obedient slave of ifche Land King welcomes freeholds back to his legislative breast, and, in some remarkable manner, finds that they are not incom patible with the land doctrines of his revered Henry George. The Land Bill brought in by Charles Boydell piitton "was quite unlike the measure he had sketched to his constituents. Not that his consti tuents cared a rap about the Bill. All they wanted : was the Springsure Railway. They were prepared to put in a man against him on the Springsure Bail way ticket alone; because Button had charac terised that railway a gross political job. They would have put his opponent in flying, but Button bought them off. He said in effect:—"Although I still think the Springsure Railway is a gross political job; if you put me in (and I'm a Minister, you know) I'll vote for it and see it through." So his opponent retired and let him walk over. This was not " according to Cocker," but Button can prove to the young men of the Toowong Institute that it is perfectly in accordance with the principles of Henry George. When Button brought in bis Land Bill last year, the most enthusiastic Henry-i&eorgian; couldn't- re cognise it as the measure whicli C. B. D. had been so fond of sketching. Then the House fell upon it in Committee and tore it to pieces—chopped out chunks here, dabbed in dumps there; and when Button's misshapen monster received the Royal Assent in December last, its own father didn't know it. It was knocked entirely out of shape and built up again. No one understood it. The firms of B. D. Morehead . & Co. and the Mercantile Agency Co. issued explana tory pamphlets about it, and they showed big pastoral lessees how the new Act was made specially for their benefit, and to the hurt and detriment of small settlers. But, on the contrary, Ah Sam said dog matically-—and Dutton and the lesser fry, of course, joined windly in the chorus—that the Act was a triumph of legislation, and would closely settle all the lands in the colony in something less than no time, and would " bust up " the land sharks. In the gnidfifc of all this psean of cackling, it is suddenly discovered that the Crown Lands Act of -1884 wants serious amending'—that it doesn't give Homestead Selectors the chances it aimed to give; that survey before selection is a stumbling-block; and that the Minister for Lands is a legislative numskull. In short, the Crown Lands Act of 1884 has had to be amended before it has been brought into practical operation. It is true that the Act has been some six months Or. so in Nominal operation, but theory' and practice are two different things. The preceding Land Acts of Queensland may be re garded asdead, while the Crown Lands Act of 1884 is unworkable. It has proved, so far, and promises to prove still more completely, a gigantic failure, so far as its avowed chief object—the close settlement of the people upon the lands-—is concerned. Under the late land laws, there was always an area of about twenty millions of acres available for agricultural settlement within the colony j and an intending settler could take up the maximum area allowed him, under the most liberal terms as to cash payment, and as to the time required to secure a freehold. The mild conditions imposed upon the settler under the late laud laws," commended themselves to common sense, aid were especially suitable to the circum stances of colonial farming. Tinder the hew Act, the intending selector has a ten-years period to look forward - to before he can, secure his freehold; and, during that time, he must depend upon his own resources, as his title is not good enough to advance money upon; In many cases, death will interrupt the process of securing the free hold, and, probably, stay it altogether. In such in stances, it will often happen that the acquired right has to be sold by auction. When this is the case, the sale, on account of legal conditions, is sure to be made at a serious loss to the vendors. Under the old Act, the three years period of proba tion which was required to elapse before the right to purchase accrued, was found by most farmers to be quite long enough. It has been the experience of the majority of agricul tural settlers that they required monetary assistance at the end of three years; and, what is more to the point, they could always get it- on reasonable terms. In future, no such pecuniary assistance will be avail able. A simple and satisfactory system of acquiring farms, large or small, has been done away with; and, to the farmer, an unworkable law has been substituted. Selection Before Survey. Even if it be granted that selection before survey is to be allowed within the most of the settled districts, by the Amending Bill now before Parliament; still/ the interior and the North generally are to be deprived of this advantage, .and confined to selection after survey. The base and groundwork of all popular land legislation in Australia, and, indeed, in all new countries, has been " free selection before survey." This principle has been suddenly aban doned; though it took many years of agitation to secure it. How is the new arrangement likely to work F It will clog settlement for years. The simple alteration from " free selection " to " selection after survey " will materially change the whole aspect of popular settlement. • Let it be granted that agricultural settlement will "be as eagerly sought under the new Act as under the old; that there will be as great a rush of appli cants as there has been in the past, for agricultural holdings. Then it would require nearly all the survey staff of Queensland to keep pace with this rush of applications alone, tinder the new system of survey before selection. But, again, a new class of selectors has to be provided for. There are the graziers to be attended to. These selectors will, occupy much greater areas than those required for agricultural farms; and these grazing areas mustj in most cases, be surveyed before any selection can be. made. Now, as I have mentioned, nearly six months have elapsed since the Crown Lands Act of 1884 came into nominal operation; yet the survey of grazing areas is still only a possibility of the future. The Act will probably have been, at least, nine months in existence before these surveys are even commenced, It may be Departmentally notified that a commencement has already been made, but any such statement is mere official bunkum. I remember an old literary friend of mine who, when about to write a ponderous leading article for his paper—a leading journal here—used to march up ; and down his editorial den, in a. sort of quarter-deck parade, chewing the. cud of deep reflection. . After half-an-hour or so d promenadingv he would fush to his cbair; and, mneathandwriting, would write out the heading he had mentally chosen for his article. Then he would rubhishands and chuckle with glee, saying, "Ah! that's right; I've made astart now." After which, he would take another half-an^hour out of the floor of the editorial den>- 'before/.writing another word. In a parallel sense, and only in a parallel sense, to my literary friendV liappy coiac^itj can. itbe Dep&r; tmentally urged that a' survey,com mencement has been made in the 4i*ectioilfl'I liave indicated. No efficient beginning has been mad<9>; nor even arrangements for the same. <. ; To give even a moderate chance of selection to would-be grazing farmers, there should be at least millions of acres always surveyed and open to selec tion. How can such a consummation be accomplished ? Judging-by the' survey work done in the past, it" would take the whole available strength of the Surrey Department 6 or 7 years to subdivide 20 millions of acres into grazing farms. ; So that, in order to give intending grazing farmers a fair chance and a decent start, the operation of this part of the Crown Lands Act of 1884 would have to be postponed for years, in order to enable the Survey Department to get 'well ahead with its work, Shouldi on the other band, selection be allowed to proceed as the surveyors . finish their work, there will then be little land for the public to choosfe from. The "knowing ones," the friends and relations of. present pastoral tenents, who are posted in what is proceeding and who. know exactly how to act, will be first to apply and will v secure all the grazing lands of any value, to. the exclusion of the genera;! public. Thus t\ie bfg: squatters, • ' ~ TheLandSharks, will have half their runs secure for a term of years, and the best portions of the surrendered parts of their runs will be in the hands of their relatives and dummies for 30 years—which practically means a freehold in Australia. Some honest simpletons may say that the provisions of the Act will not allow of this being done. Those, however, who have matched V the progress of the popular land legislation fOr some years in this and other Australian colonies, know too well how little the provisions and intentions of a Land Act have to do \yith its operation. The only thing necessary to defeat the intentions of the best Land Act in the world, is confidence between $ie Land Shark and Ms Dummy ' ; ' —confidence between two parties whosefdesign is to ; evade the law and to mutually benefit by* such evasion. And this sort of confidence is ptacticilly easily found, because the law tenderly overlooks the gross criminality of many bogus land transactions;. and attaches no stain- leaving penalty to such offences, when brought to light. Most Australian Lahd AcU/ have been enacted with the best of intentionsV a^d have been intrinsically good ; but they have failed io achieve the ends aimed at, simply because of the . absence; of administrative power and ability. Queens land is not better off than other colonies; in tth|s /respect-' To state briefly the case as regards survey before selection: To ensure success with survey; befofe selection,, large areas must, be kept surveyed in advance, in- order that current rates may fee duly supplied; and much more time than is ^eiierail^j estimated, is required for the carrying outof isucn surveys. Even 5 millions of acres of land, which would provide only a smal larea as a start for agricul tural farmers and graziers, would take two wholes years to survey and subdivide, though having con centrated upon it alone, all the professional skill the Survey Department is likely to command. It is very easy for the Surveyor General to blandly and officially assure the head of bis Department that u survey is keeping pace with selection." This is undoubtedly' and exactly true. Selection is, and has been for: sometime past, practically stopped. So has survey ing. And both are likely to remain so for a long time" to coma. Oh! yes, 'tis true that Farm-Survey, Now with selection holds its way; " 'Tis honest truth, a quibble neither, For there is not a ghost of either. ' ' - v ,/?. ' • •• A young man at Tiaro wps brought before the Court for maintenance as a papa, and explained, when^ asked the reasonwhyhe didn't marry the mamma., 4. thatshe had neyer asked him." He was allowed w half-an-hour for consideration of the; matrimonial question, and, hayingarriyed^at a negative decision, " was ordered to find six shillings a week, and hand it over. : 