EI?OES OF MAELBOURNE. (Bx TnE GosoT.) The legislative business of the country can hardly be said to have begun aus piciously. The members of the Opposition appear determined to make up in demon strativenoss for their want of numerical strength, and availed themselves of the first opportunity to make themselves disa greeable to the Government. For the first time in the annals of the Assembly, the galleries were cleared during the debate on the address in reply to the gubernatorial spcech, and some portion of the Parlia mentary-or unparliamentary- eloquence incidental to such occasions has therefore been lost to posterity. As, however, no amendment has been, or is likely to be, moved, the anti-Ministerial demonstration, headed by Colonel Smith, is shorn of all interest, for it is felt that the result of all these" words, words, words" will be simply nothing. Mr. Gaunson may orate, Mr. M'Intyre and "the party of combat" interject and rave, and Mr. Mackay (whose name should have been " Macaw ") charm the House by the dulcet tones of his melodious voice, but all will be in vain, The Government will pass unscathed through the session, and the Ministry, un like that of Italy, of Spain, of South Aus tralia, and England, not be found among the Governments that have had to resign office during the present year of grace. Mr. Service will continue to display his suavity, Mr. Tinker his gravity, Mr. Langridge his ample waistcoat, Mr. Levien his portliness and self-impor tance, and Mr. Berry continue to "smile, and smile and be" a Minister, secure in the thought that when Christmas-tide brings round the recess, they will still be the occupants of the comfortable offices they now fill, and able to steer the con stituencies during the electoral campaign of February, 1886. The impulsive warrior from Ballarat West, the ill-behaved young " native" from South Melbourne. the "senior" member for Sandhurst, and the "canny" member for Maldon, if they learned nothing else, as the outcome of the week's Parliamentary doings, must cer tainly have discovered that their time is not yet, and that their tactics are as un suitable to the actual period of political piping peace as would be the appearanee of a stormy petrel during a tropical calm. Apparently the Government printer and the officials of the Assembly are about to have a lively time of it, for 58 notices of questions and motions were tabled on the first night of meeting. These relate to all sorts of imaginable and unima"inable matters, the sublime and the ridiculous equally sharing the honours. Among the old hobbies trotted out will be found Mr. Wrixon's for a Parliamentary committee of accounts, Mr. Richardson's bill for establishing councils of conciliation-by the way the honourable member is any thing but conciliatory himself-and Mr. Harper's for dealing with the low-lying lands of the Harbour Trust. In regard to this question it Is regrettable that every thing low-lying, in and out of Parliament, cannot be forthwith dealt with. For the sake of the colony it is to be hoped our New South Wales neighbours hold Sir George Verdon in higher estima tion than does Mr. Gaunson, and will not be as shocked as the erratic and abusive member for Emerald Hill affected to be at the selection of "a bank official" to repre sent Victoria at the reception to be accorded in Sydney to the returned heroes of the Soudan. The loquacious youug gentleman who gives a loose rein to his tongue in Parliament opines that Colonel Sargool would have been a more suitable represen tative. While objecting to "money bags," he sees no objection to "soft goods." Of the two gentlemen Sir Gee. Verdon is in finitely the more dignified, and besides, has he not to his patronymic the "handle" so much coveted by Australasian statesmen of every degree from Dr. Hearn down to Dr. L. L. Smith ? Either oblivious or regardless of the dictum affirming the desirableness of letting, leeping dogs lie, Mr. Richardson has placed on the notice paper of the Legislative Assembly a motion, which will have the effect of raking up the Fish Creek selection business. A far wiser course would have been to allow the matter to drop, now that his two sons have secured their 320 acres apiece. But perhaps the honourable gentleman desires by taking action in the matter himself to secure a kind of monopoly of the question,, and prevent others from stirring up the' mud. Ere this instances have been re corded of pickpockets being the most enthusiastic in crying out, "Stop, thief." The Rev. Mr. Dowie has hardly had time to rejoice over the victory obtained in the equity suit instituted to recover the possession of the Tabernacle from which the unbelieving Thompson thrust him forth, before he has come to fresh grief. In default of payment of a fine of £20 and •£4 4s costs, inflicted by the Fitzroy Magis trates in Maylast, he has been sent to gaol for seven days. What has become of the twothousand "sympathisers "of the Town Hall meeting? The rev. gentleman will have time during his sojourn as her Majesty's guest to reflect on the value of human " sympathy." Had the two thousand people who met to denounce the by-law forbidding street processions "sympathised" to the extentof threepence each, their "beloved pastor" would not now be within the four walls of a gaol. Evidently Mr. Dowie's congregation are not only opposed to State aid, but to any aid at all to religion. On " the best authority" it is stated that a gentleman who very lately was the plain tiff in aheavy divorce case has become the part proprietor of a certain weekly news paper published in Melbourne. For getting rid of one's cash in a " quiet, easy, and accessible manner " there is perhaps no more certain way than " running " a paper. Albert Smith was wont to descant upon the various things which Englishmen were apparently all desirous of possessing; things they should keep, and things they shouldn't, with a view to ruining them selves. In his list he never dreamt of in cluding a weekly newspaper. Yet to some persons in this colony it has been and is at the present time being proved that a few thousands are easily muddled away through the means of "the poor printer." A very short experience is likely to show the gentleman alluded to that it is easier to get rid of one's money than it is of one's wife. There is nothing very esthetic about a telegraph pole. It is for this reason per haps that the Postmaster-General intends to render them useful, as they are by no means ornamental. They are to be let for advertising to all and sundry who desire to avail themselves of this novel method of attaining publicity. If the experiment should prove a success we may expect further developments in the advertising line. The facade of the Houses of Parlia ment-when they have one- might, for instance, be made a thing of beauty by intimations stating which of the morning metropolitan journals is "the best penny paper," which, by the way, considering there are only two, is a somewhat un grammatical way of putting it.Comparisons, it is well known, are odious, but why should comparatives be ranked in the same category ? The "rock ahead" of the Government, in the shape of the local option question, bids fair to be safely negotiated. The lines upon which the question is to be dealt with by Ministers are practical and equit able. The scheme is the emanation of the brain of the Minister of Mines, the youngest member of the Government. The principle of local option is to be car ried out by allowing the people of any dis trict to close whatever houses they may desire, up to a statutory number, to be fixed by the act in each district, compensa tion being awarded to the owners or occu piers of the closed houses out of the sums receivable, as license fees, the compensation to be based on the income of the house. This is an equitable way of dealing with the question, and should assuredly satisfy everyone desirous of dealing out fair play to the publican, whom no one imbued with an ordinary amount of common sense is de seirous of "improving out of existence." June 25. 