ECHOES OF MELBOURNE : ;,...'., ', !?. (By The Ghost.) , . ? Apparently untaught :by experience, Mr. Murray Smitlvwho less than a fortnight ago, cabled that war was. 'inevitable,' has again ventured into; the, realms, of pro ?pheoy. On the present occasion, however, our Agent- General doeslnot burn his boots and cut ofE. all chances of- retreat in. case his vaticinations, should again. turn out to be incorrect. ,: His,, message this :time 1b, ?indeed, characterised, by an adverbial,. re- dundancy which fully, shows how. hard set the newly made ; Oxford M. A. must, have been when- he framed his cablegram to Mr. Service, 'Peace almost wholly certain.' The ?' almost' is certainly an official masterpiece, and indubitably shows . that the late honourable member f orBoropndara has profited largely by his intercourse with the diplomats of the Colonial Office. . ! Tet, despite these pacific assurances—or,' 'horrible thought! perhaps on account of 'them^— the iniUtary ardour of the colony ' has- blazed forth with redoubled force. ? Offers to serve the country are;' coming in .froin'all quartersof; Victoria,' and not '.'a ;-hamlet but is anxious to send !forth its 1 quota ' of ' fighting men ' to meet the 'Rus ? sians— now that the chances of a- visit from 1 the ' tallow-consuming Calmuck are daily growing more remote. 'And, strange though ?it may 'appear, the Ministry are busily; ? fuTminc the martial flame. The old Volun teers' are to be again embodied,' the' 'rifle clubs1 drilled, the police organised roh'; a military footing, and everybody capable' of bearing!. ''arms 'allowed' to display his ' prowess and amor ' patrim, ' in .'the way 1 which' will'cause the minimum' of incon^ ' ' venience to ' himself. ' : It has not yet ' come ? to enrolling a' corps'- of 'Victorian1 Amazons. j 1 but:Jthere: are surely !nb; earthly reasons ! why, in these days of .female 'bachelors'? v of artBi' such a .corps should not be ; forinedl ? Indeedj'ifallthe ladies in the colony' who wear the ' unmentionables' were en rolled, thdy would assuredly constitute a numerically ,. strong regiment. ?; Perhaps now the question has' been mooted some strong minded lady will.take the hint'.and : ?' act upon it. After, all the fair sex have a far, deeper interest' in i the 'hearths .and homes,' for the integrity of which we are 'supposed to do battle, than the masculine : section of humanity. : '--.? _ ?? '. . ' i :;The long Ministerial holiday is! draw ,;ing to a close, and the Government are now very buBy in considering and preparing ? the, measures . to be -.submitted, to Parliar ment during the fast approaching session.] ?The principal bills — that is those, whicli will give rise to the largest amount of talk— !? ''will be the ; Redistribution of Seats -Bill; and the measure dealing with LocalOption; ?iSome of the 'social' questions which on \- its advent to office the presentMinistry pro ?,? raised to deal with are also to : be tackled; . There, is little likelihood of any question arising during the forthcoming Parlia-, '? mentary session to imperil me baih ounce ui Mr. .Service- and his colleagues. : The Treasurer's estimates of revenue have .been ;.' more than realised, and.no 'dangerous' ? questions are to be dealt with. : However, in the political, as in this material world of . ours,- it , is always the unforeseen that happens. Just now, this said '.' unforeseen' is the sheet anchor of the Opposition hopes. . The manner in which Admiral Tryon's advice to destroy our supplies of all; kinds, and sink our steam colliers, rather than allowthe enemy to replenish his stock of ?provisions and fuel at our expense, amply proves that patriotism is not the exclusive . apanag e of New South Wales. There are, however, one or, two little matters in con nection with the gallant Admiral's pro position upon which he has not afforded ? any information. 'What, for instance, is to become of the crews of the burnt, scut tled, or blown-up ships ? ; When the people on land cheered the patriotic proposals, did they think of the poor fellows on the ., ocean .-, who were to go to Davy Jones's locker, or be sent skywards to thwart the ^?Russians ? Vicarious heroism is apparently as popular in our own times as in; those, of the .-gentleman immortalised by Artemus .Ward, who was .prepared on the shortest. .' notice to sacrifice everything— belonging to Mb neighbours — on the altar of duty to , . his country. ' : : .,:?': Among the latest political canards is one , to the effect .that the irrepressible Dr.L. Xj. Smith is to be nominated in opposition to the Chief Secretary for the Geelong con stituency, and that the expenses of the opposing candidate are to be defrayed by a i -i subscription raised in ' the Pivot.' There ar« several valid reasons against the truth ? i of the rumour. Firstly, the present Gee ?; long constituency will in all probability be ? divided, West Geelong — Mr. Berry's \- .' stronghold— being ? constituted a separate alectorate. Secondly* no constituency in ? theBe days of enlightenment cares about ; spending its- own money on a- -contest. ?Thirdly, though 'fools and their money ' ;are soon parted,' Mr. L. L. Smith is not' a foolj and on this occasion won't 'part.',' ? ?? And'*' lastly,'? as the preachers .say— often : to their hearers' delight— Mr. Smith says 1 he has1 no' intention of being a candidate. .nTViia flfitp.rmination of the doctor's shows ?-:?' that if, as generally believed, the wisemjsn , came from the East, their modern pro ? tbtypes are wiser still in not going to the . -.West; at all events to West Geelong, to try conclusions with Mr. Berry. 1 . The idea is generally entertained that, Victoria i»o democratic community, free from the evils of toadyism and flunkeyism.' ? ' How does this supposition tally with the. ?'?' announcement in' a morning journal that; '' 'the' hon. A. Deakin 'and suite' are;ex ?'?' pected to ' arrive to-morrow ?' Suiie ' in-' 'deed ! How does Mr, Dow, M.P., like the' 'appellation f- When the famous Enabling 1 Bill embassy went to England, it had a 'suite' too. Now although' prof essaKs' ! l : may not object to the designation, ' press ?i.'inen: decidedly do, arid,' it; ib well their '''protest should be recbrded. . To be called '.suite' iB' indeed enough to make any man ??bitter. '. ,-!l ''?'. ?'-, ??':--:';: '?-;.-? : ? . - .Tho octopus at the' Exhibition Aquarium has' resented . its condemnation to im prisonment ' and celibacy, and spited . its guardians by dying. Every orie-has heard of 'the oyster crossed in love,' why should not an octopus ' suffer from la . grange passion ? . 1 Indeed, it should experience tho feeline in a greater detrreo than most other animals. Just consider the number ofarms it has wherewith to enfold the ob ject of its affections ! With nothing to love its existence must have been at least as dreary as that of tho policeman of tho comic opera, who in tuneful measure tells us his is 'not a happy life.' ?' ' . '.'. 1 The locomotive branch of, the Victorian railways are up in arms against the Com missioners. These gentlemen have selected as 'assistant locomotive, engineer, from some 150 .applicants for the position, ' a gentleman from New Ireland, who haB had no previous' experience in Victoria, thus virtually publishing to the world that amongst the employes ,in this colony none are' ^fitted to fill 'the' position. Political patronage being 'now, a thing of the post, it is almost unnecessary to state .that' the fortunate Smith ' selected .to receive tne Diueu pi ^siuuu per annum is not in any way related to the famed' W.C., of that distinguished family. Merit alone has 'weighed in, the selection of : Messrs; Speight, Agg, and Ford. ' ,' ' : In.' order to' relieve the gentle chronic dullness that as a rule pervades a certain metropolitan scholastic establishment, sacred to a loading religious body, whose chief pride is, in the inflexibility of their standards of belief and the strait- lacedness of their mdral'code, the young lady boarders a 'short . time ago improvised a fancy dress ball; ' For days before hand preparations were made, costumes' improvised, and a store of 'creature comforts laid in, in order that the programme of ' ball and supper' might be carried out in its integrity. At the very ' witching ' hour of ' night' when,1 etc., etc. (in ? Shakespeare), the fair inmates of the establishment donned their costumes, and tripped it merrily to the sounds of the ' pianoforte, at the con? elusion of their. Terpsichorean exercise ad-f jour'ning for refreshment after the orthodox and approved fashion, the while 'the principal, little dreaming of ' the high life below stairs' , being carried on under his very nose',' lay serenely enjoying the sleep of theju'sti Indeed, if rumour be not the lying jade she is generally reported to be, he is, at the present moment, profoundly ignorant of the little game that has— and not for the first time either— been1 played under his very sapient nose. The dances took place to' the sounds of aCollard and Collar'd.' Had: a harper furnished the music ! the entertainment might not have been of the lively kind it was. '?',' : : ' There are' ' ' evidently some persons 7 of whbm,'despito the' dictum' of the^bard .'of Avon, cbriscience does iiot'.mak'e cowards, or how comes it that we find the musical critic.of- a metropolitan journal going out of his way— in a fashion somewhat' vuleor an'd on ah,-1 occasion when- the infor ma'tioh: is' entirely gratuitous and uncalled for— to tell thie public that ' Signor Verdi' is in reality ' Mr.jWilliam ;Green.'; If desirous of tearing the/Italian mask from the' face of one artist1 why not in common fairness perform the process in regard to all? ''.Why not, for instance, tell all and'sundry that Signor Ricardi is plain Mr: Bicha'rds, and that Miss Charlotte Taskerhas, under the sunny skies of Aus tralia, developed into Madame parlotta Tasca? La. Signora Plumptoni would . hardljrhave looked well oh paper, and after all ? a foreign and particularly an Italian sounding patronymic' goes ;a deal further among' the uninitiated that the poet's question ''What's in a naire?' warrants one in expecting.' May 14; 