EPITOME OF COLONIAL NEWS. Clara Galvin, who recently fell down a well, at Batliurst, died in the hospital on Monday. At the inquest, it transpired that she was pregnant, and her mother had told her either to get married or leave the house. The deceased had beaten her mother with a broom handle, and the latter threatened to send her hack to the Luna tic Asylum, where she had been an inmate two years ago, and was let out on leave. The fear of being sent back so preyed on the deceased's mind that she threatened to do away with herself sooner than re turn to the asylum. The deceased had once tried to kill herself by throwing oil on the fire, and then jumping on the dames. In the hospital she regained con sciousness enough to be married to her be trayer. The wounds received in the fall were regarded as fatal from the drat. The verdict returned was that there was no evidence to show whether the deceased fell or threw herself down the well. About half-past 5 o'clock on Monday niQmin" isRias UmJIriflbane OasEttVBE), _a„ most determined attempt at self-destruc tion was made by a fencer named Peter Stephenson, who resides at Mount Joy Cottage, Petrie-terrace. It appears, as far as can at present be ascertained, that Stephenson, who Is a married man with a family, has been in a very despondent mood lately, and on Monday he rose from his bed and went into adjoining room, where he attempted to commit suicide by cutting a deep gash in his throat with a chisel. About a quarter to 7 o'clock his wifo found him lying in the room bathed in a pool of blood. The would-be suicide was with all possible care and speed con veyed to the hospital, where ho was at tended to by the resident surgeon. At present there is some ground for hope that the man will survive his injuries. A gentleman residing a few miles from Bockhampton has called our attention (says the Bullstin) to a circumstance which seems to foretell an abundant sup ply of rain at au early date, The white ants, ho states, have commenced to build those curious elovaUid dwellings which servo them as places of refuge during wet woather. and the country in our Inform ant's neighbourhood is dotted over with the structure# in every direction. Per sonal observation for a number of years has oonvinood him that this sign is one which may bo relied upon, end it is a noteworthy fact that it is more than two years sinoe those industrious little workers nave boon eeon to toko such a precaution for their own safety. Previous to the re cent showers they remained perfectly quiescent, and their present activity may, therefore, presage a much more liberal i downpour that any wo have had for a long time. Wo can only trust that our in formant's deduction may prove correct, On the lUnge it has also ooon observed that the white ants have been unusally active, and are working on the surface of tlio ground mound making. The Braid wood says r--I)oslh of a Waterloo Veteran : There died last week at the realdenoe of his son-in-law, Mr. D. H. Broaden, of Black Greek, near Araluon, an old Waterloo soldier, Mr. J. Jessun, who had attained the advance d age of ninety-throe years, and had been 'n hale health almost to the time of his death. He entered the Britiah Army at an early age, and served under the Duke of Wef jton in several engagements, but, having been wounded at Waterloo seventy years since, he was compelled to retire, lie eventually came out to this country, and has resided for very many years in this dis trict, having been in receipt of a pension ever since lie quitted active service. Two young gentleman, named Frank Barlow and H. Jones, residents of Too woomba (says the Oh ronicle) accom plished the somewhat difficult task of riding to Brisbane on bicycles during Saturday and Sunday. The two bicyclist* left Too woomba at half-past three o'clock on Saturday afternoon, reaching Grantham at half-past six on the same evening. They stayed at Grantham for the night resuming their journey at haif-paBt five on the fol lowing morning, arriving at Ipswich at a quarter to three. After an hour's rest they proceeded on the road reaching Bris bane at eight o'clock that evening. The total distance travelled was 87 miles, 70 of which were accomplished on Sunday. The roads were in a very fair condition, except between Toowoomba and Gatton. The journey would have been completed even quicker, but the bicyclists were compelled to walk the last six miles into Brisbane owing to the loose soil and boulders on the road. A diabolical attempt to wreck a train, about five milt* beyond Bo won, or oovcn mile* from Waggs Wagga, was mado on Tuesday night. An iron rail waa plnoed in a alanting position across one of the rails, The mail train passed over it aafely; but the Hay train afterwards discovered the obstruction. There is a clue to the mis creant, and the black trackers are out after him. Mrs. Turvoy, aged 63 years, ft very old resident of Wagga Wagga, was burnt to death there on Wednesday through her clrees catching fire, and alie, being help leas, was unable to extinguish it The Herald's London correspondent writing on October 2 says; The New South Wales Government is still endeavouring to find » auitable training ship in tho place of the Vernon. The best which the Brit ish admiralty can offer is the old troopship Simoon, but. in order to send her to Syd ney; it will be necessary to take out her engines. This will be a costly process, and enquiries are now being made as to what amount will be necessary to aooomplish that work and equip the voxel for the voyage to Australia. The ship Ruthwell, which arrived in port yesterday {says Friday'* Herald) from Glasgow, has brought, consigned to the Secretary for Public Works, six loco motive engines, each weighing 9 tons 2cwt. ; six frames, each weighing 7 tons 17cwt.; and six tanks, weighing 7 tonal 3cwfc. each ; and some other very heavy pieoos of machinery, including two cylin ders. weighing 13 tons 13owt. each ; one cradle, 12 tons 13cwt.; and three accumu lators, one weighing 13 tons, the other 8 tons 14cwt. each. A man named Bateman while walking in the direction of the railway station, Ba thurst on Wednesday morning, dropped down dead in the street. Batoman bad been treated for the last three weeks for heart-disease by Dr. Oortis, and thatmcrn iug lie had complained of a swelling in his throat, and the doctor had advised hiin to knock off work for the remainder of the day. In toe- circumstances no inquest was held. A party of our gallant defenders to whom was assigned the task of bringing toe re mains of the commissariat stores to town from the Rifle Butts (says Mudgee West ern Post) had an ugly spill on their way home. To economise space they emptied a large zinc tank of the water it contained and placed it on toe dray which composed their baggage train. Into this tank the warriors clambered and were congratulat ing themselves on the possession of their pulpit-like eminence, when suddenly there carno a jerk and tank and soldiers were upset. The men were sent flying in all directions while the tank reclined for a moment on the horse's back, from which place it was kicked by the indignant steed into its norma) position in the cart. One warrior fell beneath the dray and one of its wheels passed over him ; another re ceived a black eye; while a third had to lament over a badly- grazed shin. How ever, like British soldiers, they soon pulled themselves together and proceeded jovial, though sore, to their destination. Thus the Quiritidi Gazette of Satur day :—Since writing of the serious mor tality among the bovine kind in this town the death rate was not swelled for over a week and owners of cattle were becoming somewhat reconciled. But alas! during the last few days they have been dying vety fast—as many as seven or eight in one night! Unless Cumberland, the cause is a mystery. However, we incline to our former opinion that it is the disease j stated. ... Joseph Baphael, son of toe late Coun cillor Raphael, was charged by his wife with failing to maintain her. It appears the marriage took place without the know ledge or consent of defendant's father who threatened to cut him off with the orthodox shilling. The pair lived to gether until Raphael, senr., who was worth a large amount, died. It was then discovered on reading the will that he had kept his threat, and left his money to his daujjhters, and nothing to his son, Mrs. Raphael left her husband, and sued for maintenance, but toe court refused to grant it. We (Newcastle Herald) understand that Northern railway trains from Newcastle now carry ice for the use of passengers, which is appreciated. On Thursday afternoon the composing staffs of the 8. M. Herald, tho Bono, and the Sydney Mail presented to Mr. C. Burton Fairfax a testimonial of congratu lation »n the occasion of hif msmsgo. Tho testimonial consisted of a voir hand some illuminated address in book form, ou one page of which were some tasteful watoroolour views—one representing toe office of the S. M. Herald, and another eh owing the harbour, with a yacht in toe foreground and the Heads in the distance —with floral and cither decorations. On the other page was the address, In old English text, with toe capital lettera in gold ami colours. The testimonial was the work of Messrs. John Sands and Co,, the water-colour sketcho* being by Mr. F. Watson. The presentation was made on bohnlf of the united companionship* by Mr. J. F. Bills. Mr. 0. 11, Fairfax heartily thanked the donors for the mark of their goodwill towards him. Monday's Boho says :--The ceremony in connection with the formal opening of the Plenary Council at St. Mary s Cathe dral yesterday was one of the most impos ing ecclesiastical functions which have taken place in this colony. It la said that at no former time in the history of the Roman Csthoiie Church in Australia has so large a number of dignitaries of the roll" Churoh Imen assembled in one metropolis. At a meeting of the Executive Council on Monday, the cases of the two prisoners, Roland and Fiske, who are at the present time under sentence of death, were to have been considered ; but, owing to the unavoidable absence of the judges who passed the sentouees, the matter was left over until next week. The police magistrate of Wagga Wagga held an inquiry on Saturday into Uie tire which occurred in the victoria Hotel, whereby a stack of hay valued at £260, was consumed. The finding was to the effect that the fire was the work of an in cendiary. Tho Newcastle Herald ssys A few days ago an elderly respectable-looking ' idivi * ' ~ individual went to* Donuison's Harbour View Hotel, at the corner of Sootte and Newcomen streets, with one or two friends and CAlled for four drinks which were sup plied him by the proprietor's daughter. The man took out of his pocket what purported to bo a ton pound note, and handed it to the young lady, saying that lie had juat reoeived it from to just reoeived it from toe bank; but ou looking into it «he at once be came cognisant of the fact that it was a forgery, and refused to accept it in pay ment of toe drinks. 8he handed the note back to the tenderer, and informed him that he had bettor not get up to any of his larks there ; whereupon he abused her so vilely, that had a policeman been in the vicinity ho would probably have found himself in the lock-up. He then left the hotel without paying for tho dritjjta wring «• had no tnonoy except (ho note. Tnsre wu not sufficient cash in tho cash-box to five change had tho note beenajretiW It appears m if it was premeditated on what hotel the note should ho pastsd, as the proprietor waa at the time up tbsf Ins and mayhap this wm known to thhHan, who thought it an opportunity not vtorth losing, as lie would be mom likely to pass it on to a woman than a man, butthe young lady had seen too many notes nottO know a good one. Upon Mr. DennisonVi return, and on lwartngof the a«Mr( he at once plaood the matter In (be buds of the police, who it is hoped will be suc cessful in bringing the defimuder to jus tioe. lu the meantime adiopkoepem and tradesman cannot do better than be on the alert, as where there Is one foiged note there am generally more in circulation. The poTioo tampers on Tuesday left BJinman, near Adelaide, for JffMZom'a station, to investigate a cam SmurdJJ It appears that some months sinoe * dan was murdered and buried in « darpan, I "'edeed is supposed to have been eom mittedbya blackfellow, the prprooatkn it is alleged, having been criminality oh the part of the white man with theWack'a Jubra, The Melbourne A rods states that the Government will shortly ask Parliament for authority to borrow £4,000,000 for the purpose of carrying out railway and other nrniva M imnjiateMAa .< Tl — **■»*>' ■ works of importance. It is riot to enter the money market direcUvmtter the passage of the necessary bill-to bor rowthewhole amount, but the Govern ment will endeavour to procure the money atthomost favourable periods as it maybe The Hobsrt Mbbodbv regrets having to report the first attempt to stock the river Pieman with salmon has failed. The fish intended for that river were forwarded from the salmon ponds, together with other fry for the river Leven. The fry were successfully liberated in the latter river on Friday, November 6, and the Pieman lot were at once taken bn to Wars tali, were they arrived on Saturday morn ing. On examination, they were all found to be dead. The water in a can contain ing 4ho fish was clianged four times, and during the night a stream of water was allowed to flow over the can. The reuse of the mortality cannot at present be sug gested. The Mudgeo Post says A young gen tjeman of meek manners and mild disposi tion was considerably startled the other evening. Ho was taking a walk near the Presbyterian Cemetery, when he was hor rified by a sudden apparition that fairly took his breath away. The awful form seemed to him to be more than eight feet high, and to have the visage and vest ments of a minister. The young man did not stop to investigate this phenomenon scientifically, but took to bu heels and arrived at his residence pale, breathless, j and awe-struck. He was still more put I out when he found that his ghost stony was discredited, and he himself laughed at for having been *' had." It seems prac j tical joking lias not died even though the times ore so bad. A Sydney correspondent writes .-—Tlie principal item of news this week has been the departure of the Governor. Lord Au gustus, who held a farewell levee on Fri day—a levee by the way, which was re inarkable forwent of the usual formalities prescribed for such occasions—-left by ex preBs train .for Melbourne last evening. A lame number of the leading residents of Sydney weroat Redfern station to bid him good-bye and Lord Agustos, , who •remodmuch movedatpartingwiUifciwids whom, mall human probability, he will never we again, wasat tiie same time de lighted at the good feelings displayed to wards lum. Lord Agustua' ad interium successor, Sir Alfred Stephen, will be sworn in to-morrow, and people are just saying what a wonderfully iuoky old man this wonderfully wiry old man is. Through i Puket *»d Martin, In which the former took .the aide, of Mr Hercules Robinson, and slatod, in his characteristic way is old- colloague, Sir James, a cuatige was Intrigued In the oolo nisi office. The old plan of the Cfoief Justice administering the Government, in the absence of the Governor, was altered In New South Wales, nud Sir Alfred ab pointed Lieutenant Governor. As in Ml the other Austialian colonies the Chief Justice governs, during an intemumnm. vf*f l»Wn at the time that «e obi feet to be served by wmtoptiqn "•fy't in the duo of (tile colony was not so much gr Alfred aw to humiliate Sir Jamas. Sir Hercules Robinson was supported, of ww'w.by Sir Henfy 1 and there are many who believe that tlie latter utade the balls and (lie turfy governor simply fired **««■ However, befSe &^S^SSSl Peuaioneri of New South Wales will be duly installed in aovernment fiousc, ad ministering the oolony, and acting to the The nolle* intend to prosecute tho principal* lit the recent prise fight bW iween Nathan, of Melbourne, and Hal), of Sydney. ' The Rriibtne Oovatt* report* that en ft® flailed over at thoiJlvl1.8,wln«l1« Gie Supreme Court, on fteeday morning, hi* honor Mr. Jus ties Harding stated that ho had received a note from a gentleman named Hope, for warding a doctor's ooitificote to the effect Uiathe was In bad health, (He Mr, Ju*. ties Harding) would not accept a doctor'* certificate a* a mifflelent excuse fornoii kttendanee, unless it was shown that Uie jorer wm folio wing the doctor's orders and wm prevented front attending his dally avocation through iiMiealth, If a titan wM Wiffielenti/ well to attend to hi* private bush}***, he [the Judgaj would ids ear* that he attended to the dutim of hlseoun Thorna* King, acquitted for the Forbes murder, has been oemmiited for trial for being an areessore, l»P«ithedton, Is toed tte firet number on Monday. A man Jim been[wrested for steal ing a Xn Giitew; ' ih& Ado,<^® „JESf ■f,1® ®»?««»dingly hot at Gun nedsh. The thermometer in th* shade on Monday afternoon stood at 136. A* an Instance of what some billiard do for a game (says the Forbes Wj" havewoeivedthe following from So1?® gentleman ttm veiling in the back country recently stayed SiES 2&a;?d£eIng the*1»n " B»llaAs" determined to have a game. On goteg Into the room they discovered that die was required to steady the stable while the other played, two old balls and a door handle0'16**''- * * broom flukingWMatadisoount, and spot strokes at awery high premium. As it 1* those «iK» a cannot play on a 8<»d table Tbe^Baptist Association of Victoria, the other day, resolved not to support the pro posal to establish an intercolonial weekly denominational paper, at least not till an other year has elapsed. 