ENGLISS & f OailfiS. Our St Petersburg Letter. ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 16. The diplomatic document signed a week ago in London, and supposed to determine with more or less accuracy the line of demarcation between the Russian possessions in Central Asia and Afghanistan, lias not produced the result which might have been expected as regards Russia. The press regards this protocol with supreme indifference, and many of the paperss hare not even made allusion to it at alL The Novoi Vretnia con eiders it not as a binding contract between Bossia and ?Afghanistan, but simply as a conditional agreement, the stability of which neither of the interested parties credit for a moment In two months' time the respective commissions arc to trace the line of demarcation on the spot, and that line passes through regions as yet almost wholly unexplored. The work will take a year and perhaps more to accomplish. ' Is not this simply a diplomatical game at blindman's buff?' inquires the Gazette. ' Would it not be better for the dignity of both nations to leave all these games aside, and enter into a serious agreement, which might satisfy both sides and ensure peace for the next ten years at least? ' This protocol has nothing reassuring, and is evidently only intended to gain time until after the elections. The Russians themselves make no allusions to the subject, and look events bravely id the face. If the task of the commission is to last a whole year, the misunderstanding concerning Herat may break out afresh ; although the English have ceased to regard this place as the key of India, and perceive that they had exaggerated its importance. It is time to put an end to diplomatic fictions, which arc no more be lieved in than ghosts. English people endowed with any perspicacity will easily understand that the signing of this document is but an act of courtesy on the part of Russian diplomacy, which has thereby expressed the desire to live in peace and quietness with' England in Asia, but, of course, under certain conditions — that the perpetual 6olo sung about the ' British interests ' should be turned into a duet, where the Russian interests should now and then be heard. The present turn taken by events can only be re garded as a pause— a short moment to breathe after a fierce struggle. The Ministry of Lord Salisbury was fain to stop for the nonce all aggressive movement, as the perspective of the coming Parliamentary elections must render this party extremely cautious, let alone that not one of the Cabinets is willing to enter into serious conflict with a Government which perhaps two months hence will have ceased to exist. To this may be attributed the coolness with which the noble Mar quis's propositions to Italy and Turkey were received, the Sultan avowing quite openly that he could answer nothing until after the results of the elections became known. The Russian press agrees unanimously in the opinion that if the present Cabinet retain the reins of Government, the Central Asian question will burst forth anew. England is believed to be energetically arming and preparing for this struggle. English officers are said to be zealously directing the works of fortification in Ilcrat and in the mountain passes between India and Afghanistan, and the British forces are gradually moving forward in the direction of Kandahar and Kiboush. English diplomacy is supposed to be hard at work stirring up the Asiatic nations and striving to unite them against the common enemy. Such are the opinions current just now in St Petersburg concerning Ihe Afghan question, and the arrival of M. Lessar with the protocol does not seem likely to have much effect Under this lying surface of calm runs a violent and rapid stream of agitation and intrigue quite as much no doubt on the Russian side as on the English, and the present lull in the storm is by no means reassuring. In general, an ill wind blows of discour agement and apathy, which nothing will abate but the hope, if not the certitude, of peace for some years. Even with an enterprising people commerce and industry can not flourish in a time of such political indecision and in stability ; and in Russia, where the characteristic of the merchant class is an utter absence of speculative talent, and on the contrary an exaggerated prudence and timidity, making the speculator afraid to risk anything unless guaranteed, it is easy to imagine what a fatal influence this prolonged period of armed peace has upon commerce, and how this incertitude for the morrow paralyses every effort at enterprise. If England had systematically intended to weaken Russia and destroy her finances, gradually bringing her to a national bank ruptcy, she could not have to set to work in a better manner. The influence of civilisation in the Russian Central Asian provinces is undoubtedly beginning to make itself felt An interesting letter lately from Tashkend, pub lished in the Novostij gives an account of the success the Russian doctors in that town have attained in the practice of their art among the natives, and the excellent influence the intercourse with Europeans has upon the Mahometan population of Tashkend and other places. The reason why the Russians succeed so much better than the English in gaining the con fidence of the Asiatics is that they never try to con vert them to Christianity as the English do, going as is their invariable custom in India, with help in one hand, and the Bible in the other. The Russians never make active pressing propaganda. They simply wait till the Mahometan or pagan nations under their sway see for themselves the superiority of the Christian religion. Many of the conquered people voluntarily- propose to convert themselves, often from conviction, but still oftener for some interest or other; but none are coaxed or bored into doing 60\. This is probably a culpable indifference on ihe part of the Russian missionaries, who, unlike their Catholic and Protestant brethren, never preach or try to persuade, but as they attain their pur pose so well it is to be supposed that they understand the A'Bipiina much better than ihe jffnglisfy French, or Germans do. The Turkestan Gazette is full of details concern ing the recent earthquakes in those regions. They began- on the 22nd of July, The shocks were severe, and were felt over an area of more than a thousand verste — from Tashkend to Karraooia. Great cracks opened in the earth even far away into the steppes, catting the post track perpendicularly, and widened or narrowed at every shock, throwing forth dirty water in great quantities. Many passes in the mountain chain of Alezandrova have been, stopped up with stones, and the course of the torrents arrested. In Belovodsk 37 men were killed and hundreds badly hurt Of the dead, six are Mahometans, the rest; Christians. In the village of Earabalta 16 persons were mfatlj and many wounded. In other pia/**^ and aHakmf the roads and passes, men have been crushed to death by avalanches of stones. Great numbers of herds have perished. A great panic spread among the population. The fatal ism of the Mahometans enables them to sup port these misfortunes in a quieter, more philosophical way than the Christians, and their passive resignation is not without a certain grandeur and dignity. An eye witness gives the following account of the catastrophe in Belovodsk: — On the morning of the 22nd of July Belovodsk presented one mass of ruins. All the houses were destroyed, even the school and the railway station. The church alone remained standing, though it was much impaired. The earthquake was preceded by a dull rumbling in the earth, and it was thanks to **»*« warning that many people escaped, who would otherwise have been crushed under the falling houses. Shepherds who had passed the preceding night in the fields assert that they were dazzled by frequent, flashes of lightning-, although no clouds were visible. The earthquake had no influence on . the mineral sources in the Issigatin Denies ; no change was re marked in the temperature of the water; but the patients all dispersed, driven half frantic by the panic that swept through, the land. In Karabatta greater part of the houses were knocked down ; in Soukoulouk 57 were destroyed, including the new post-station, only just built The town of Piehpeck has also suffered ; all the best edifices have fallen down, thought many of the simple huts of the natives remain standing. The stone church consecrated last year withstood the earthquake, and has escaped withont serious damage. The wretched inhabitants of all these places and many others bivouac in the open fields, and even there cannot find safety, for the ground continues to yawn in unexpected places, and the shocks, though feebler at intervals, still make them selves felt In Tashkend and Fergan the earthquake was hardly remarked, and no accidents occurred. . The Emperor and Empress, accompanied by the heir and a email suite, have undertaken quite a long journey. After the visit to the Emperor of Austria, and the trip through Finland, the Imperial travellers visited the old city of Jaeff, where a series of the most brilliantenlertainniente were given them, and where they enjoyed the proverbial hospitality of that most eminently Russian portion of their subjects. The popularity of Alexander HL is greatly increased by these frequent journeys. However slowly his projects of reform advance (generally two steps forward and one backward), everything he does is appreciated by the grateful people, and it may' be said that never was the power of a potentate settled on so firm a foundation. No revolutionary current, how ever strong, could succeed now in shaking the throne. The late measure of diminishing the taxes on the Moujik's laud, and creating instead a tax upon coupons, has 'been very popular, Sndthe justice of it is recognised equally by rich and poor. The whole system of taxa tion is about to undergo a complete change, and the position of the peasant landowners will be greatly im proved thereby. This town is still quite empty, but few people have returned from the country, and nothing can be less inte resting than this period ; there is no society, no amuse ments, no resources whatever. The summer season has ended, and the winter season has not yet begun. Im pressarios are everjiyhere complaining, and actors and singere unpaid for their hard work. Petersburg is now deprived of the Italian opera ; Cotogni, Mmes. Durand and Van Zandt, and other favourites have bid farewell to the Northern Venice for ever, to the intense delight of the ' Nationals,' and lovers of music will now be reduced to hearing Gluka's Life for the Czar, or German and Italian operas in the Russian execution. The Russian opera is good ; it iB got up on a grand scale, absolutely regardless of expense ; the orchestra is one of the best in Europe ; the choirs numerous and well-trained ; but the style of the singers, their voices, their conception of the parts, differ entirely from the style, voices, and concep tion of the Italians. The whole tiling produces on delicate nerves a rough, unfinished, even burlesque effect, and one goes home baulked and disappointed ; nothing can be more conscientious than the singing and acting of the Russian soloiete, but they are, nevertheless, as far from the Italians, whom they hate and despise, as it is possible to imagine. Still, on the whole, the Russian opera is certainly better than the German or English national opera. If the Russians depend entirely on their own artists, we shall have a poor time of it ; for in all spheres alike, in the opera, the ballet, the drama, even the operette, there is a complete absence of talent The hist famous actor of the most brilliant period of the drama, 1840 1870 — the great Samarin — died a few weeks ago. The stage is now occupied by the ' most commonplace set of actors and actresses that were ever tolerated on pro vincial boards, and sincere lovers of art cease to frequent the theatres. 