The rain had conn: so suddenly Unit the Countess Elsa Arcon could not possibly, even by putting spurs to her horse, reach tho Castle .Lancut before sho tvas wet through and through, so she and her old groom, John Drim, drew rein under the portc-cochcrc of a dilipated building-, that seemed uninhabited as well. The countess sprang from her horse, saying : ' “Here is shelter, at least, John. Is not this one of our farm-houses ? Put up the horses, and we will wait in one of tho rooms for tho storm to pass. ” . “ Your ladyship forgets-” “ What? Are all tho rooms shut up?” inquired the countess, now.lndf-way up the “ Not shut up; hut your ladyship knows that a dragoon regiment was stationed here a week ago, and your ladyship has given them one of your farm-houses for quarters.” “ Oh, was it this one ?” laughed the countess, and as she knocked at the door with her riding-whip, it opened, and an ollicer stepped out. He was tall, slender, yet strongly built man, the personification of tho Greek Mars, in figure, strength, and carriage, but withal so deadly pale that the beholder could not decide whether his beauty was greater than his singular “ Oh !” he exclaimed, as lie saw tho lady, “ pardon me.” “I camo to beg for admission. The old house belongs to me, but you are the owner at present; will you give me and my old John shelter from the storm ?” “You will bring my poor room good fortune, mademoiselle,” and she found herself in a room hung with epaulettes and uniforms ; the table was a chaos of books, letters, cigar-cases, gloves, cravats, ink-stands, and small change. Ho swept the table dear, and she seated herself and looked through the window at the howling summer storm. “ You must keep us for a couple of hours, lieutenant,” she remarked, “Will you ? I am tho Countess Elsa Arcon, of Castle Lancut.” He bowed politely, but with slight in difference, almostmechanieally. In every thing that ho did there was something measured, almost soulless, a* if lie went through tho customary forms of life by routine. “ I am Lieutenant Raymond Stcmfeld. You spoke of my keeping you ; but, as you let mo know, tho house is yours.” “ Not the room, though.” Sho turned as she spoke, and for tho first time they looked eaeli other in the face. For the first timo she marked his youth, his ex ceeding beauty, his unnatural pallor, and shivered as if with sudden cold. And as his eyes rested on her he seemed to fear her, lovely as she was. He betrayed a sudden discomposure, and caught at his heart as one does when overcome by sudden terror or sudden grief. But the little scene lasted scarcely a second, and they continued such a conversation as .generally follows a first meeting. She glanced out of the window again, and watchdd the effects of the storm with an artist’s interest. “ Does not the beauty in all this wild ness impress you deeply ?” she asked. “ No,” he said ; and again she noticed the terrible quiet of indifference in him, as if ho were strange to the world and the world to him ; as if he could feel neither joy nor sorrow ; as if he were a handsome, powerful automaton, in whose face his maker had forgotten to put a touch of living color. “ No ; I see nature’s beauty and wildness, but I can not say they im press me.” “You are fortunate,” said tho lady, slowly. “ How comfortable it must be for you.” . “ Do you think so ?” he replied, staring at the raging, storm ; then, with apparent effort, lie turned to his fair guest. “ I am disgracefully negligent; let me draw the sofa to the window.” “ No, thank you ; I am a little cold.” “ Your habit is damp. Wliat can I do ?” “ Give mo a cigarette. “ I am sorry that I have only Virginia. Josi, my Cossack, shall get you some tobacco and rice-paper.” “ Wouid you have liim drown on the ■way ?” cried the countess. “ But you can not smoke Virginia.” “I hope not. Do you take me for a corporal ?” she cried, with her own pretty vivacity. ‘ ‘ I only wonder at you smoking tguch poison.” “ You are a connoisseur,” j “I have tried all kinds. My father 1 was an invotoratc smoker, and my hus band, GoncraL Arcon, was ill for fire years before his death, and I was his only nurse. 1 learned to know my cigarette well during those long nights of watching and waiting, in the close, bad atmosphere of a sick Shc spoke simply, and Stomfold threw her a glance that seemed to ask pardon for an injustice done her in his thoughts. “ But you have tea and a samovar, I sec,” she added ; “ will you give mo a cup of tea ? You seo I invite myself.” “ I will make it for you, countess.” “ What! an officer make ten, with a lady in the room !” laughed the pretty woman, taking the old Chineso tea-caddy and the samovar into her own hands. “ Bezcrdyi belongs to your regiment, I believe. Ho used to bo in the Uhlans, and is a son of Field-Marshal Bczerdyi, is ho not ?” “ You know everything, countess.” i “ Oh, you wonder that I am well versed j in army matters. You must remember that I am a soldier’s daughter and a soldier’s widow. Otherwise i should not have flown so straight to a soldier for shelter from the storm,” she finishod with a smile. There was pride and dignity in her smilo, childlike as her eyes wero. They drank their tea, the clouds broke away, and the countess roso to go. “ Thank you,” she said, ns she gave him her hand, “ and do not let me remain your debtor long. You nro invited to come as a friend to Castle Lancut. I and my aunt, the Countess Odescali, will be delighted to sec you. Will you come ?” lie bent his handsome head. “ Your permission is an honor. Our major, Count Lettwitz, will shortly wait upon you with hi”, offieors.” “Gooh-bye, then. I shall reach Lancut in sunshine.” As she rode away two officers met her and bowed. One was the captain Count Linski, a tall, slender man, with a projec ting chin ; the other was Count Dobski, ugly, and small, with freckles, red hair, and little, false, grey eyes. “ Look, that is the countess from the castle,” said Linski. “She was talking with Stcrnfeld. How did Stcrnfeld, who is an iceberg, get mixed up” — The ugly little red-head smiled malici ously. “ Stcrnfold and a love-affair!” lie said, scomfullj-. “ Not so impossible,” returned Captain Linski. “Will j-ou go with me and speak to him 1 ” “ To Stcrnfeld ? No ! ” said the little count, sharply, and the Captain went “ You have had avisitor I see,” hesaid, as he entered the room. “Lord knows, such a piece of femnitv makes a bachelor’s den more b.ome-like, oven if she is gone. The tea is hot still. Yes ; thanks. It was the Countess Arcon. Have you known hor long ? Or is she a relativo ? ” “ I saw her to-day for the first time,” answered Sternfcld, in Lis indifferent manner. “The rain drove her in.” “You lucky dog ! Then you will not be sorry when the major takes us all to call upon her to morrow. She must be a peculiar creature. Scandal has nover breathed her name. She nursed an old husband on his dcath.bed, vegetates here with a half idiotic old aunt, plays the piano magnificently, and will not hear of a suitor. What is she like ?” “I really did not notice her,” said Stcrnfeld, in his lifeless way. The major and five of his officers made their visit to Castle Lancut. The Countess Elsa and her aunt Odescali received them charmingly. The Countess Odcs cali wa3 sarcely more than a cretin who always smiled and ate, but she was a sort of a chaperon for the young widow, and, with the exception of tho necessary retinue of servants they were tho solo occiqiants of the castle. “As a widow,” said tho Countess Elsa in farewell, I have no reception day, but I hope whenever you aro riding by you will come in for half an hour when you have the time to spare—and as many of you together as possible.” There was a charming air of command about her last words. As a soldior’s daughter and a hostess, she wished to be on good terms with all the officers but to none intimately. When they wero gone she said to her aunt: “Well, dear Mona, how do you like them ?” ]3ut she did not ask the question _ for the sake of any answer, for Madame Odescali’s liveliest means of expression was an eternal, gentle smile. She was treated by her cheerful young nieco liko a poor orphan child, and the Countess Elsa talked with her only to express her own opinions and give her monologues an acceptable form. “You don’t care much for tho major, you would gay,” pursued Elsa. “He tries to be more martial than Mars. You like that long Count Linski tho host; he is not handsome, and ho seems to have a wicked tongue, hut lie lias some sense, you think. Bezcrdyi t.i a nice boy ; yes, you are right. But I cannot endure that 'lideous Count Dobski, nor you either, unit' He lias never done us any harm, but. ivc understand now the proverb : 1 lied hair care.’ All in all, wo are raging, ire we not, aunt ? Isn’t it shameful that io did not come? It is unpardonablo 1 Of course, the major said to'them : Gcntle nen, we must pay1' our respects to the countess on whose estate we are stationed, uid she will invito us to dinner on Sun days,1 So they all came except him. I care nothing about it, but it would have been polite to return the visit I was forced :o make him.” The Countess supposed that Aunt Odes eali, as usual, beard little and understood less, So she .started when the Odescali, ipening her heavy mouth a little wider, said, thickly: “Who?” “ Tho man who gave me shelter in the rain. How do 1 know what is name is ? " “ He is a count ?” “ No.” “ Is he handsome ? ” “No.” “ What is he, then ?” “Kudo ! said the countess with flushed cheeks, then she laughed, and added: What silly things wo are to get so angry, Mona.” Aunt Mona smiled, as usual. Tho countess did her duty ; She invited the Officers who had visited her to dine at Lancut. The dinners passed off as such dinners do. They told military anecdotes, talked politics, paid a few com pliments to the lady of tho house, ate, drank and felt completely at ease. In one of the anecdotes Lieutenant Stemfeld’s name came up. “You know him, Countess?” inter rupted Captain Linski, involuntary. “He is a member of your regiment who gave me shelter in tho last rain-storm,” said the countess tranquilly. “Why Wft* ho uofc with you when you called ?" J “Oh.” cried Dobski, shrilly, “ Stornfsld is a little- tomie. He is * mifwnthfafm *f the deepest hue. Ten must net memeffs him by the rules ef society. Bate ytr* not seen him ? He is as white as Hie Wall. I believe he eat* lneifer matches.” Linski gave the Iifctlo man ft eoefempte ons glance, and, in his deepest voice, said to the countess: “ In fact Stomfold is shy. He need t» bo more sociable, but for the last sir months ho 3ms apparently been ailing. Yet. he is one of the bravest o(fleers m thi army — a man of honor through and through, and a hero." “ Until ho had that mteentre with Prince Toko, in Vienna, about a <?<ttwer«e of the worse reputation,” cried Dabski. “The advantage was all en Stemfeld’s side, count,” said Linski, raising his voice, “and you are the last porson ta. rofer to tho affair, for the sake ef your friend Prince Toko.” “Ocntlomon,” said the eeuntess in & mocking voice and a. haughty face, “ you are disputing about the right nnd wrong of a man in whom I have not the slightest interest. Pray finish your former story,” \- And when' her guesfe had left her, Countess Elsa, who had talked, laughed, and played her best, leaned her lovely head on Aunt Mora's shoulder as if deathly weary', and said, faintly : “ It has boon a stupid day, Mona. Per a d«nsen»e, they said, and he looks like Byron in his sorrow. I was very silly, Mona. Heaven bo praised, I am mired. Aunt Mona smiled and stroked the cheek of her nioco, who in that instant buried a something as yet formless and nameless in her stillest soul. So tho summer passed away. The countess passed her clays, as formerly, at the piano, or with her embroidery, in - monologues with Aunt Mona, or receiving visits from the officers or from the ladies of the neighborhood. She was naturally Loo proud ever again to mohtion Lieu tenant Stcmfold's name, and she had probably quite forgotten him, as it never appeared in her monologue with her aunt. \ But one chance threw her with him. It | was on the high road. A lovely summer i day was changing into a disagreeable I afternoon of angry wind and dust. Tho Countess Elsa was sitting in a little pavilion at the park gates, where sho.had brought her work, and now she rose and leaned over tho balustrade te watch a little car-avan that was being swept along tho road. It consisted of a bearded Italian carrying a little child on his hack ; bcBido him ran a littlo boy with throe pots, and a tiny girl wrapped in a coarse cloth, like a scarecrow, and the rear was brought up by a young man with a bass viol, a violin, and a bundle of clothes. They trotted by, poor children of the south, driven forward by tho raw wind of tho north, and tho Countess Elsa’s oyes followed thorn with tho shadow of tears. One more eanio after ; hut no, ho did not belong to them, this tall man in tho faultless military' cloak, ! and cap pulled far down over his brows. i His eyes and here met so directly that ho could not but pause and bow. “Did you sco tho poor people?" she asked, as she leaned over tho railing.' i Tho pnlo officer neared tho gates and . rested one foot on tho lower stop of her pavilion, but sho did not invito him in. “Poor people?” ho inquired, as if astonished. “I saw none.” “ Oh, you are up in tho clouds !” cried tho countess. “ They were just in front - of you, and at first I took you for one of Ho did not smilo. Such a thing seemed impossible for his quiet features. “ Oh, you mean the Italian musicians. Why do you call them poor ? They aro two, they have children with them. I call them rich. Wrhat does your tender heart find to pity in them 5” There was slight irony in his tone, not that of a desire to wound, but that whieh springs from a bittorly roused heart. “Do you not see that they hare no mother, and no home?” cried the countess.” “ Homo ? Why, they have the loveliest in tho world—Italy.” “ Italy'!” sho exclaimed, angrily. “Evory man lias the land of his birth, I suppose. But these poor pooplo must wander, wander, wander among strangers, misundorstood, earning their bread from day' to day, never seeing the next stop beforo them, going back to their Italy with gray hair and weary hearts, and knowing that she may grudgo them even their graves.” “ And there aro people who never may hope to sec their native land again, coun tess," answered the pale officer, shaFply. “ Thero are many quite respectable people who wander among strangers, stammering anothor tongue, or grown quite dumb, but they find no pity, because thoy do not parade their loneliness. Do you think an oak tree may not bo lonely, helpless— may not die of neglect in the midst of a forest of oaks ?" She bent Jier head and rose. “ You should know that better than I,” she said; “but tho storm is increasing and I am growing cold. Good night.” She bowed and vanished from the pavilion. Ho pursued his homeward way against the wind, but once ho stood still and looked back. “ Sho must hate me,” ho said to him self ; “ and why ?” Then as he walked he murmured, “ Is it worth while ?”, And when ho reached home ho said to his Oos sack; “ Jdsi, lay out my-^rade things to morrow. I shall make a visit.” Tho Countess Arcon was on the point of making a tour of her field, whon sho heard the bell announcing a visitor. It seemed to ring like a call for help in the cars of tho mistress. “ Poor Aunt Odcscati and poor visitor,” she murmured, and turned back from tho hedge-gate to the front steps. There sho found Lieutenant Stemfcld. She bowed, but stood still instead of entering the house. The beauty' of the day might be her excuse, though her reception was not cordial. He stood beforo hor as before his general, and said, ceremoniously: “ Madame la comtesso, I have como to pay you my respects. How beautiful your park is !” It was a beginning, and thoy walked together along the gravelled path and around tho fountain in front of the house He answered more than he talked, but she felt conversational with him in spite of herself. She showed him the two pavilions that her husband’s parents had built, and spoke of her own childish fancies. “Yes,” he replied, “youth is irrepres sible. It is past and gone, and ‘wo givo it up, but it always scorns to be standing behind us. to keep a soft hand on our shoulder, and its sweet mouth says, 1 Thank God for me;’ ” ' “ All, I like you now!” cried Elsa; “you would look on those poor musicians of yesterday with different eyes to-day. You are one of those people on whom the weather has a great mUucuco, like plants.” “D* job tili«k s», MuntoM.?’’ ke as swtmi, with a glimmer '<f a tfnil*. Bat ft «*8 * "I tiling rtm itre m fatale*. Evsty he*r» lo*gs fbt jot ntti rise*; thors ft ftoh* Am finds pleasure melancholy mify btmtm the weather changes. The mrtshins mr gfcfa that mites out serais fight st dark ft within ns, and not easily altered liy forces «f wifi.” "If poofils have Ktmrt burdens to boar,” said fhe emmtost, rf£hoy rftnst net isolate themselves j they mnsfc seel cheer ful people and iff to lead a cheorful life, else they trill And exratonco peor and wretched." ,rDo von mess me ? ” ho asked, softly. "Yes ’ she resumed, heartily. Pardon me, but I think yen are a little nncym pathotie and unsociable. Of eonrse it eonsems no one, least of nil a woman; but I run not a woman — I am a neigh bour.'1 He answered her smile, and there wns something like grafitude in his glance and the light theft same into hie face like a winter snn an a snew-ffolft. “’Hare you never hoard, eonntess/’ he asked, slowly, rtof a woman whe in a time of epidemie avoided (her err* child, and shut the door on her Weepinw trew svrre f—who died alone, without a hand to wipe the death-damp from her Brow, 'that she might save her elifld of ihfeefien f Or 9ay that a man thows he is poisoned through and fhtorasjh—fhab the touch of his hand, the breath ef his lips will bring his own enrao on others—will he net say to those who love Rim, 'Back'? Or, rather, Will he not avoid every opportu nity to love, when he knows that fits love will bring dfcsirnotion to its object ? Or, take a wretched vmmrnt on whem rest* the etirae ef some erTtne, and whe expects every day to foel the hand ef ignominy on his shoulder; let some loving being — a friend, a wife, a brother—open the deor ef a home to him en his weary march, warm as the hearth may glow, soft as the latnn may bum, lovingly as the lips may smile, will he enter to bring his curse across that threshold f Kb !” “Perhaps.not” said Elsie Areon ; “but what eourage, to be wrotdhed, dying, and to push away the hand that would succor! Bub where liavo you learned that dreary way ef looking at life t Is not this earth beautiful 1 look at the roses. See how the sun Sends pearly lights across the spray in the fountain. Is ft not glorious t Is it not bliss to be alive f” “ Who could say no to you J" he an swered with shining eyes and a faint tremulousness of the lip. "You fill every ono that hears yon with your joyin life. It Is a blessed gift, and one that scatters blessings. Cod proteot you from all sad Sho blushed, but without embarrass ment, and their eyos mot. When the glance of two pure and noblo souls meet and hold each other, a moment of restful pause from the storm of life comes to both, even'if what the world call love never has existed betweon them and never is to exist. She only thonght how glad she was that at last he seomed happy. Suddenly something seemed to separate him from her, as if a horrible rocollcetion swept over his soul. Ho turned deadly pale, his mouth grow distorted, but only lor a second ; thon he regained his self control, the terriblo quiot that she had iust succeeded in breaking. Spirits may look so when thoy hover over the oradlo of an orphan ehild and hoar tho cock crow. “I quite forgot,” he said, presently, “that 1 am under orders to-day, and must go back. Pardon me for having trespassed on your time so long, mndame. Had sho dreamed that this apathetic statue that spoke so mechanically and movod s» wearily had been but a moment before a thinking, fooling human being f No. As she looked after him, Elsa said to herself that ho wns no misanthrope, ho was nob unfeeling, he wns only mortally tired. He had a heart, i A few days aftorward thcro was a fair in one of the great mnrlcot towns, and Elsa Areon, with her Aunt Oilcscali and eight or ten friends from the neighboring estates, drove over in a party to look on. Lnto in tho afternoon thoy set out for homo, but the ovoning was so lovoly that it seomed a pity to separate, and what pleasanter than to accept tho Invitation of tho pretty Countess Areon, and have supper and spend tho night at Castle Lancut t After supper, as the moonlight was bril liant, thoy all went out on 9io terrace, whore tho night air was heavy with the perfume of flowors. “ It is just tho hour to listen to somc i thme thrilling,” said ono of the Indies. “ Who knows a ghost story f’ (I Or a murder story ?” said another. "You always have a story ready, Dobski,” cried ono of tho men to the freckled littlo count, tho only officer presents, “ Yes, 1 know a story, but not tho sort you want. ° It is true, though; I have , it on the best of authority.” ' “ Oh, tell it! When did it happen ? Do we know the horoine?” "That I can not say, but it happened about a week ago in Paris. Tire V.dy’s name was Felice Franoia. Her father was a general in tho cavalry, and sho was out of boarding-school. Tho old general, though lie was much beloved by the army, was really rather a common sort of adven turer. Ae was oxtravoganb' to the last dogree, guzzled champagne at breakfast-, and his wifo was a milliner's doll, and nothing more. So ho went on making debts, though ho knew he never could pay, and every one lent because ho gave his word of honor. But a day came when he must cither break his word or go to the Jews. 'Well, he had a friend,, an old man, who said to him : ‘ I will pay your debts on condition that you soil me your daughter—I beg pardon—I mean that she will marry me. So the father spoko to his daughter, and she clung to the old man with both hands, and to secure silk dresses and diamonds for life she sold liorself liko a bale of goods.” “Is that all tho story?” said a Polish count. “There is nothing unusual in that.” “ Yes,” grinned Count Dobski, “ it is a very simple story, but suppose t he heroine were one of our friends ?” “ Oh, it is too disgraceful!” cried the ladies. At last the moon set, and they separated for the night. As Dobski kissed his • hostess’s band, she said: “Thank you, count, for entertaining my guests so kindly when I was tired.” “Oh, countess, you flatter me,” he answered, modestly. But if lie had seen her heart he would have trembled, re morseless its he was. Early the next morning the guests assembled for breakfast and departure. Tho lady of the house sent her excuses. She had caught cold on the terrace, and was unable to appear. After tho guests were gone, Aunt Mona knocked at the door until die opened it. Here eyes were red, witk sleepleunea* er arying, m the “A little lieadaehe, auntie. I aw kettefc, thank you.” Then she vrenti baok to her chair, and sat down with her head m her hands, supposing her smiling aunt would go away. But suddenly site felt Aunt Mona’s hand on her shoulder, and heard he say : Elsa, I will toll you what is the matter. Will yen listen V’ Elia stared at her. The stereotyped smile Iind gone from hor face, and her eyes wore dim with toirrs; and she spoke dis tinctly, though slow and heavily : “ Yeu wonder to hear i»e talk, and to know that I can think. A veil seemed to fall from my mind not long ago, and my head began to live again. Bnt it was hard for me to talk, so I kept still, and 1 heard people say such evil things, that I did not earo to open my mouth to them. But yeu never laughed at me, Elsa, and I must speak to yeu, for you are unhappy 1 That foul-mouthed man wounded you to the heart yesterday, and yon are alone. I can only comfort yon, not help yon ;ynn must find a friend to <lo that. Yea have one in your heart, and ho is brave, hut you would never call him, so I have sent for him, and he will ho here to- day- Who fs he, do you ask ? Could I mean any one hut fho man who this moment is riding to your door?” And she pointed to the window, and the man that Elsa Arconsaw was Lieutenant Stomfeld. She went down to rceeivo him, and ! [ motioned him to sit beside her. He said, | in his weary yet courteous way, that she ] had sent for him, and that he had come to know in what way he could he of sendee to her. She tried to answer with coldness and pride, but she looked at him and busted him. “ Pardon my sending for you,” she an swered ; “I need a friend.” “ Who has more frionds than the Coun tess Areon 7’ “ Friends who would liko to be suitors. Do you think one of the men who come to my house, if I called on them in this way, would not feel justified in taking advan tage of it? Far that reason I sent far you." “JPormo?” “ Yes; because you are indifferent to me as a woman, becauso you are indif ferent to the whole world, and bccauso I feel that j-ou arc an honorable man.” She was almost ns palo as he, as she con tinued : “So, in this moment of my life when I need help, will you be my friend?” Sho seemed rather to confer than ask a favour. “ Your friend,” he murmured. “ It is a simple thing that I ask you to do ; only to read this letter from my dead father on the day of my marringo to General Arcon.” “ Countess, I cannot read your letter, I cannot nccept the honor of your friendship, nor.ask you to rely on my befriending you.” j She rose, with rage and shame. “Because 1 am not a danscusc!” sho “You know about that?” His eyes were unnaturally large, and his lips grew as white as his cheeks. She was frightened at what she had said, but her pride camo “ I have heard it.” . “That rffliiscnse, madame lacomtcsse, I have never spoken to, never even seen,” ho said, with a return of his customary indifference to her, to the world, to him self. “ Prince Toko was her avowed lover. I One evening at mess, when he had been drinking, he gavo an infamous description of his inamorata, with whom he had riuarellcd. I did not know the woman, but the thing enraged me. I told tho princo my opinion of him. That was all.” Sho drew a long breath. “Can you pardon me ? I was hurt at you refusing t* defend me. And so the thing blew His lips formed the word “Yes.” “ And you forgive mo ?” j “For what?” j “I was afraid I had wounded you,”she said, almost sliyly. Ho made no answer, only took the letter, and said :' “ I am to read this ?” “ If you please.” It ran as follows : “ My JDF.AIILY BELOVED ELSA: Will JOU, indeed, take this step ? Think that ho is an old man, and you are still almost a child. Truo, lie once did me a great service, and spared me a deep sorrow, hut was ho not my old friend and companion in arms ? How that lie is sielc and alone ho needs care, you say, and you will pay my moral dobt and fetter your young life to a sick old man. Don’t do it Elsa, I implore 3’ou. Arcon is no longer rich, aiud we are wealthy onco more. Wc will make him one of ourselves, and toacli him to forget his prido, hut not through your self-Bacri lico. There is still time to say no, Elsa. Say it!” “I was an overstrung, eccentric girl," said Elsa, as lie finished, “ lint I have never regretted my step. 1 gave my father’s benefactor a happy old ago. The world judges onlj' by appearances, and yesterday a wicked man said wicked tilings of mo to my face, without naming names. But how often will ho name that at mess and in gossiping visits ? So all I ask is that a friend who is not a lover shall say with authority, ‘ It is not truo.’ Will you say that ?” ‘ ‘ What do you require of me, countoss ?” he exclaimed. “If you only knew !” “ What do I require 5” she cried, in a stifled voico. “Isitsomuch? Amlnot worth even a word ?” “ Yes,” lie groaned. “ You must not speak so. You are tearing my heart out. Pardon mo lor leaving you, countess—I am ill. Y’ou shall learn whether I can be your friend or undertake this mission, but not now.” His words rang in her ears, but he was °°nC*- * * * * * j Lieutenant Sieunfeld to the Countess “ Madame la Co.mte.sse : I do not know what I am to say to you in this letter. I only know that I must tell you all that struggles in me. You will take these words for what they are, the cry of a heart that would give the last drop of its bluod to spare you a sad moment, to win a smile from you, to linger for an hour by your side. I am young, my heart is full to overflowing, and I shall never see you again. From tho moment Hint you read these lines I shall have vanished from the world for j'ou. Do not be angry that I dared not accept the honor of being your brother. My-unhappy fato forbids me to livo with life, to count upon to morrow. But ono thing it does not for bid—tho courage and the: power to tell you that I lovo you with the first, holiest, and oil, indeed, the last love of my heart. I love you with every fibre of my being, with every thought of my soul, with every puke of my body that in a few moment* is to mouliler in .the grave, where it has long boon due. f love ton unutterably. God bless you. Farewell forever. 8.” A starless night hung over the Lanoufe estates, oppressive, damp darkness, through which a woman knocked at, the lonely farm-house where LioufcenitntStcra fuld lived. The door was opened by the man hitnsolf, with a light in his Itaad. She entered; her old servant, John Drim, stood on the steps outside. The Countess Elsa Arcon pushed back the hood of her waterproof and said, ns she stood within the threshold : “ Liontenant Storafeld, you are a wicked man.” He placed his light on the window-sill with trembling lingers, onlysayiTig: “You hero, countess 1” and then stood with folded hands before her, as if she were a saint. But she looked at him with breath less anger. “You terrrified me to death by your letter. Heaven be praised, you are'here.” “ You were alarmed about me ?” “ Yes sbe answered, Honestly, though the glance she gave him was indescribable in its reproach and pride; “ now it is over. I was alarmed about a Human being in deep distress. I was stupid enough for that. No ono ever eared for my grief.” Ho caught her hand and held her from going. “Elsa, do not leave me !” He cried. I told you that I was Sretchcd, and you"— “I ouly wished to tell yon to bo brave,” she struck in. “ You have a wife yon do not love, or you are in love with some one you cannot marry, and you whimper like a child. IS that manly ?” “Love anyone but yon? I can bear it no longer in this last Hour when 1 must return to the grove in which I have been lying for a year. Elsa, I dared not take or return love, because—I am a dead She took a sudden step backwards and stared at him as if he was mad. “ Yes, ” he continued, with his eyes fixed despairingly on her face ; “Have you never felt it ? Listen. I am only a ghost; to.monow’s sun must not sco me on earth. Do you think I am mad ? Listen. My parents were poor; I was always lonely and ambitious, and I would not dissipate m3' youth as other men do in m3' profession. 1 told you of my quarrel with Prince Teko. A duel natu rally followed, but our colonel interfered and it was stopped, at least apparently ; not really, however. As we could not fight openl3', we arranged a secret duel. AVc drew lots In riie presence of two witnesses, Dobski and Linski. The one on whom the lot fell was to dio by liis own hand before the end of a year. It fell on me, and to-morrow is my last da3’. MT13' .should I not have died before ? 1 could lake care of m3' mother so much the longer; and I lived so littfo ahwiys work ing for my fortune. So I have lived my year, but how ! Da3' b3' da3', hour by hour, death crept towards me. I dared bind im'self to no one. I must stamp out all longing for life and love. Then 3-ou came into 1113' life, and I loved you. 1 saw heaven, and dared not stretch out my hand toward it.; J saw tlie highest blessing oflifcholdout to me,and had to dash it from m3' thirsting lips. I must die—ami 3'ou stand before mo the image of the boaut.3’, glory, and blessedness of life, hopelessly lost to me.” His C3'cs closed, and lie fell full longth before her, catching a fold of her dress in his fall. She sank beside him, took him in her arms, and begged him, as if beside herself to say it wa3 not true ; she cried that she loved him, and how was it pos sible for him to die when they’ could be happy? “It is well I took tho poison before you came,” lie said, at last; “now I should not have the courage.” His C3’en did not close again, but rested on her face with an expression of unspeak able love. She saw the end was near, and neither spoke nor moved. Her lips received his last breath. The whole corps was at first- horrified at the “legitimate” suicide of a brave com rade, who an hour before his death had written to the colonel setting forth the reason, but they all declared he could not have done otherwise. Tho Countess Elsa Arcon withdrew with her poor aunt to some quiet Itnlian baths. Tho groat world thought the countess was acting nobl3' in tending her poor imbecile relative. They did not know it was the relative who was nursing a dying woman. For when tho Spring came Elsa went out of life as a flame goes out. A malttdie dc laiujucr, said the physicians. She was buried in tho sweet Italian convent which she had endowed with her fortune, and in which Aunt Mona lingered out her last davs, without a word and without a smile. — Translated from iht German of E. M. Vacano by Helen Lake, 