THE AUSTRALIAN' CONTINGENT FOR J,. "J J. J THE SOUDAN. ; jj . Sydney, Monday.,-, r;„The . arrangements which have been made for the, great event of to-morrow are now.oomplete, -both as regards the: actual embarkation of. tho -troopB and the regulation of the traffic and so forth,- the narrowness of the streets being a great drawback to tho effect of the display. It has been deoided that tlie private leave-takings must take placo to-night, and that to-morrow shall bp -strictly a day of business so far as the troops "are", concerned. Tho men are to lay in their ditiner at noon at the barracks, and at one .o'clock must be ready- to march. Many of tboni will leave their appetites behind, some from' ex citement, and some from other causes. As the line of route embraces a good deal of the train lines, all tram traffic will be stopped on the line during the march. No wheel or horse traffic will be allowed either on the route or within 30ft. of the same in streets intersecting or within 100 yards of tho rear of the troops. The i-padway will bo wholly required for the troops, oavalry, and mounted police escorts, and spectators must confine themselves to the foot ways; ; These being abominably narrow through out the whole line of route, it will be as much a3 ever tho. preservers of order can do, to pre vent troops and public being mixed up in a con fused mass. The authorities are very desirous that the public Bbould remain stationary during the march, and that they should not leave their pointB of observation. This is almost an hope less wish. Women and children are particularly requested to keep away from the crowd, as it'is anticipated that in such a crush as is expected " the weakest must go to tho trail," and perhaps through it. Special arrangements have- been made to keep the waterway clear, aB several steamboat owners have laid on thoir-boats (at re munerative fees) to follow the Iberia; and Aus tralasian outside the Heads — " weaiher permit ting," of course. Tho inspector of water police has the control of the boats in hand; and has already flagged out a sort of reserve into which the unregenerate public must not enter. The troops are to march straight on boat, and directly the last mau is on. it is said that it will be; " up anchor," but even if- so the progress down the Harbour must be necessarily slow. Admiral Tryon' has a naval demonstration in prospect, and proposes to lend his share to the day's doings ; but this part of the programme is rather in the dark at present. The fittings for the troops are. completed on the Iberia. The men Bleep, in hammocks, 600 having been sent on board by Rear- Admiral Tryon for the use of the troops. The Iberia will carry all the infantry force, and of the artillery she will have Major Airey; Lieutenant Bouverie, and about 54 men, besides the ambulance corps. The Australasian will convey the artillery, Lieut, -Colonel Spald ing (in command), Lieutenant Nathan, Lieu tenant H. P. Airey, Staff-surgeon Glanville, Veterinary-surgeon A. Williams, and Warrant- officer H. Green, with 150 men and 200 horses. The Executive Council has agreed to the fol lowing list of officers : — Staff.— Colonel J. S. Richardson, ih com mand. Lieutent-Colonel W.. B. B. Christe, major of brigade, second in command. Captain H. D. Mackenzie; Permanent Artillery officer, with the temporary rank of major. Mr-J. T. Blanchard, ordnance storekeeper, to be pay master, with the rela-tivo rank of major. Captain T. S. Parrott, volunteer engineer, engineer officer. Staff-surgeon W. D. O. Williams, to be principal medical officer, with the relative rank of surgeon-major. Dr Glanville to bo Burgeon, with the relative tank of captain. Dr Proudfoot, to.be surgeon, with the relative rank of captain. Mr Oapeland, to be clerk in con nection with the modical department. New South Wales Artillery.— Brevet- T.Snattnnnn4 J \\\T WT Pni'lTinllnnf', Artillery, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Major G. J. Airey, Permanent Artillery. Ljoutenant R. A. Nathau, Permanent Artillery. Lieutenant H. P. Airey, Portnanent Artillery. Lieutenant O. W..P. Bouverie, Permanent Artillery. Mr Anthony Willows, veterinary surgoon. New South Wales Infantry. — To bo Lieu tenant-Colonels. — Lieutenant-Colonel F. Wells, Volunteer Artillery. Major A. Paul, 3rd Regi ment .Volunteer Infantry. To be Majors. — Cap tain U. G. Norris, Permanent Staff. Captain Jekyll,- /late Captain R.M.L.I. To be Captains. — Captain C- F. Bartlett, Permanent Staff; Ad jutant ! 1st Lieutenant W. P. Mulholland, 2nd Regiment Voluntoor Infantry. To be Lieuten ants,— 2nd Lieutenant C. B. Airey, Volunteer Artillery. Mr Burnsido, ' late Captain_ South African Fiold Force. Lieutenant H. Pritoliard, second in Imperial Sorvice. 2nd Lieutenant J. R. Macdonald, 1st Regiment Volunteer Infan try. Lieutenant Owen, Volunteer Artillery. Lieutenant H. M. Boam, Permanent Stan (Quar ter-master,) Mr H. G. B. Sparrow, lafe Liou- tonant Anglesea Militia. Mr Wrench, late Cap tain Natal Contingent. Lioutenant Keating, Volunteer Naval Artillery. The following special prayors, drawn up by tho Bishop of Sydney, wore used at tho special service at . St. Andrews' Cathedral . yo3ter- day " O most glorious and eternal God, tho Lord of hosts, in whoso hand rest all tho war, we humbly commit to Thy righteous judgment tho cause of our dear country in this lier hour of trial. Send down, jf it be according to 'Thy gracious will, such bless ing on our arms 111 Egypt that the clouds of danger way be scattered bofore us, and the light of peace anil happiness bo restored : and grant that we, acknowledging Theo as the giver of all victory; may strivo to use our pow-or as a trust from.. Thqo, for thp'advftupomont of Tiiy glory .find .tho Sguaro of all the people of the land, through Jssu's .Ciu'ist Our Lord, to whom with theo ahil tho Holy Ghost bo all honour and glory, world Without end. Amen." " O God, who hast taught us by tho hour of trial to draw olosor tho bonds of brotherhood, and to rejoice in claiming our share in the dangers aud the destinies' of ottr nation, bless, wo beseech- Thee, with thy graciouslqvour and protection, those who go forth willingly from these shores to serve bur dear old country in her timo of need. May thy fatherly hand over bo over them ! May Thy Spirit of righteousness ' and mercy rule their hearts 1 Bring them back, if it be Thy will, ih peace and safety, aud, whether in life or in death, may Thy blessing rest upon them, for tho sake.of, Him, who save Hiniself for our salvation! Jesus Ohrist Out Lord.' Amen." — ' 'World.' 