RACING NOTES. BY PEGASUS. I am in receipt of a letter from a member or the committee of the Burke District Jockey Club, who have recently held a meeting to consider the circular and the new rules received from the Q.T.C. As matters are arranged for the present, it is better not to go over the old ground, but ray correspondent intimates that his own club, as well as several others which he mentions, agree with the action of the Northern clubs in this matter. I hope, however, that a final and definite arrangement is not fardistant, so that all danger of antagonistic action by any of the clubs may be averted once and for all. If this is not done, it is evident there will be plenty of future trouble in store, and racing in Queensland will speedily be brought to a very I notice that the secretary of the Q.T.0., writing in a country paper, attributes incon sistency to ray arguments concerning the new rules. I always held the opinion, and do so now, that it is highly advisable that there should be some central controlling authority. I did not believe, however, in the Q.T.C. running its head against a stone wall and at fompting a difficult task in an injudicious manner. I simply proposed means by which to effect the desired object, and can see nothing •• dishonourable" to the Q.T.C. in taking the necessary steps to attain that end. As the Q T.O. Committee have already yielded the " burning quention" of disqualification, surely it will involve no further lomof dignity to coafer with the other leading clubs as to a final settle- I am glad to see, however, that the Q.T.CJ. secretary is the only sporting frit" who regards the part taken by me in this matter as inconsistent, or worse. "Veno," in the Caprieornian, when referring to the manner in which the dispute has been treated by the Press, writes:—" It is pleasing to note the sporting editor of the Qw«nslander, whilst strongly advocating a single code of rules for all Queensland, has done all in bis power, both privately and through the journals he i-tpre sents, to put the matter fairly before the public, and urges that a tone of moderation should be adopted and concessions made, so that the mis understanding may be finally and pleasantly settled. Such kindly and sportsmanlike action merits the thanks of racing men and the sporting public generally, and it may be hoped it will be acted on at no distant day, to the permanent benefit of racing throughout the colony." .. In the same country paper the same writer falls into a curious error concerning the winner of the late Sydney Cup. He says: "The winner Normanby is an aged horse, one of the numerous army who are kept in lavender by clever turfites down South until they get chucked in the 6»t. division, and effect a big coup for the stable and the books." Now Normanby is a five-year old. In the Summer Cup, A.J.C. Meeting of 1883, he finished fifth, carrying 7st. 21b., according to the Calendar. Carrying 7st. 41b., he ran fourth in the Anniversary Handicap, won by Here's Luck, in January, IBM (also according to the Calendar). In the Sydney Cup last year, won by Favo, he also finished fourth. In the last Hawkesbury Handi cap he carried 7sfc. and got third. These performances do not look much like being kept in lavender; and, though the books would have profited greatly if Velocipede had won, I fancy from tne Southern reports that Normanby's victory was just the reverse. The imputation on the owner of Normanby is certainly serious, and can only be excused by sheer want of knowledge, I bear that the racehorse Cunnamulla, who recently arrived from Sydney with Darebin and Vespasian, haa been sold at a very moderate sum to go to Cbarleville, 41 Morning Gallops" will be found in another column. Very few horses but those that are locally trained have yet arrived, and therefore the morning work is not particularly interest ing. However, we may expect to see several horses put in an appearance next w«»ek, though the principal stables of Messrs. Finnic and Williams are unlikely to arrive till almost the last moment. It seems that there is every probability of a company being formed for taking over the Morphettville course, and already more than halfthesharesaresubscribedfor. "Trurapator," in the Adelaide Observer, remarks:—" There seems every chance of the racing affairs of the colony being placed upon a satisfactory footing before long. For Borne little time a gentleman of great influence in both the sporting and political world has been engaged in forming a company to buy the Morphettville course, and so far ho has mot with every encouragement, and the new company should shortly be an ac complished fact. It is intended to form the centre of the course into a Pluropton, bo that the sports of racing and com-aing will bo com bined. The Plumpton will be a great boon to hundreds who would take a delight in witnesa inc "reyhound contest*, but are dobarrori by want of time from travelling ao far out of Adelaide as Buckland Park and Hindinarsh Island." Tbo sanao writer also makes too following remarks about Newstead, the winner of the Maribyrnong Plate:—" Running in a little paddock near the St. Leonards Railway Station, we found the son of Neckers* gat and Ada. and I was at once struck with the improvement he bad made since I saw him at Morphettville. Few people would imagine that he stands six* teen nands high, but such is the case, and he has furnished and thickened out in the roost approved fashion. No Derby horse that I have seen can be classed with this colt in the matter of looks. It is true that he may be just a little light below the knee, and his pasterns have rather a " sensitive" appearance, but I doubt if these supposed defects would now attract much attention if it were not that the colt s faultless formation in every other respect sets one searching for some flaw to form subject for criticism. Hill started the colt for a spin round the paddock, and, full of life, he amused himself by galloping round and round the en* closure until the temptation of a bunch of lucerne caused him to desist from his gambol*, and walk soberly up to where Hill was standing with the lucerne. In answer to an inquiry, I was told that Newstead does some work occa sionally, but his trainer does not seem to think there is any necessity to hurry him along in order to get him fit by November, nor does he fear that his legs will stand in the way of his going through a strong preparation provided ordinary judgment is exer:ised in putting him through the milL" The Cairn Curran stud, the property of Mr. Matthew Bryant, and the stud of Mr. Wbittingham are both to be dispersed under the hammer this week. The English Tim Whiffler occupied a box at Cairn Curran till he died. His place was then taken by the Queens* lander Lothair (brother to Le Grand, &c;), who had as a companion Bosworth, a good per* former, and a member of one of the most sue* cessful Australian running families. Several imported and well-bred colonial mares are to be found among the names of the matrons of the stud. Mr. Whittingham's stud had not been so long established, but Aspen, Prattle, and Barmara appear among the list of mares, while Argus Scandal, the sire of The Plunger, was the lord of the harem. "Augur," in the Australasian, says:— "Betting on the next Melbourne Cup has already commenced. In Sydney the New Zealand horse Welcome Jack was supported to win a fair amount of money at 100 to 3, and in New Zealand this horse has been backed to win several thousands." The Goodwood Handicap, run this year at Flemington, resulted in the win of Lantern, a son of Wild Eagle, Cat. 121b., from Lord Wilton and The Ghost With regard to this, " Asmodeus," in the Melbourne Leader, writing before the event, said : "In ray introductory notice of the weights for the Adelaide Cup and Goodwood Handicap I drew special attention to the favourable terras on which the South Australian gelding Lantern was admitted into both contests. My observations ran thus :— * Lantern is a horse that appears to be let in under exceptionally favourable circumstances, and meets Topaz on 201b., Helene on 171b.. Lord Wilton on 141b., Tarpeia on 121b., and Lavington on 121b. better terms than in the Adelaide Birthday Cup. It is evident that somebody has blundered in handicapping Lantern. If fairly dealt with in the Birthday Cup a grave error has been committed in turning him loose for the more im portant event to be decided at Fleming* ton. The same remark applies to the Good wood Handicap, in which he meets Helene on 201b., Tarpeia on 181b., Lord Wilton on 171b., Lavington on 101b., Topaz on 71b., and Ruby on 51b. more disadvantageous conditions than in the City Handicap. There is another Lantern running in South Australia, about 2st. below the calibre of Mr. J. Crozier'a horse, and it is quite possible that Mr. E. T. Barnard mistakes one for the other.' The foregoing glaring irregularity escaped the attention of my Victorian eonfrtres to a man. and it is gratifying to know that the well-informed con tributor to the Adelaide Observer, who is well qualified to advance an opinion on the subject, is thoroughly in accord with the views ex pressed in these columns. This is what *Trurapator' says:—'None of the horses at present in Adelaide, with the exception of Mr. Crozier's team, are likely to visit Flemington this month, as Mr. Barnard has givon Lantern a weight which makes it Lombard street to a China orango on his beating the rest of the locals. At Oakbank the other day he gave Tarpeia 111b. and a ten lengths beating. In the Goodwood Handicap he only concede! Mr. Maddens filly 61b., or 181b. less than Mr. Hughes puts between the pair. Mr. Barnard can hardly have seen a report of the Onka paringa running, or he would never have made such an inexcusable blunder.'" Last season Lantern won the Maiden Plate, dis tance one mile, at Wentworth; the Flying Handicap, six furlongs; the Ladies' Trophy, one mile and a-quarter; and the Free Handi cap, same-distance. The telegraphic accounts of the Surat races have come to hand. Vestal, who was favour ably handicapped, won the Jockey Club Handi cap from Myrtle and Gift in that order. On the next day, in the Flying Hundic&p;, the order was exactly reversed, Gift being first, Myrtle second, and Vestal third. The South Australian St. Leger brought only three horses to the post, The Broker beating the V.R.C. and A.J.C. blue ribbon winner by a bead. This seems to show that he has been rather fortunate in his victories, and that he is some way removed from the best of his year. From Southern files I see that Commotion is now enjoying a well-earned holiday, and it is improbable that the gallant son of Panic will be asked to carry silk until he strips for the next Melbourne Cup or the Champion Stakes on New Year's Day. The New York Sportsman, describing an interview with Archer, who has now returned to England, gives the dictum of the celebrated jockey regarding the scale of weights. He says:—" Your weights here arc a great deal too light. Put them higher, and you will have better races, a truer run for your money, and fewer accidents. In handicaps, especially the City and Suburban, the light boys have no chance at the corner; they all go wide, and the elder riders hug the rails. Hence bo many good three-year-olds, with very light weights, have been beaten in that race." A curious incident seems to have oc curred at Oaulfield at the recent meeting owing to the Bteeplochaae course not being properly defined. The Argus thus describes the eon tntemps: —" A tield of eleven made the nteepleohaso an interesting event. The owner of Sir Samuel was fined £G for late scratching. The New Zealand horso CUrcace was a 5004 de»l fancied, but there wu little to choose between him and either Native or Dollar. As the old steeple chase course is still soft and unfit for galloping over, the three movable brush fences were •gain used in front of the stjind, and this led to a great blunder being made in the raoo. The men sent to put up the fences neglected to make the gap in the rails in order to admit the hones to the straight. The reault was that after Native, Topsail, and Chester had fallen the rest of the field, finding no gap in the rails, kept as usual to the inner course, and only found out their mistake whon the horses began to sink in the s*>f t ground. Then they wheeled back by mutual consent, and each rider choosing his own point jumped th« rails into the straight running. Some of the hones thus got a long lead, Blackthorn and Granville especially benefiting by it The latter was in the lead for nearly the whole of the second round, and won just as he liked, with Black thorn second, and Kingston third. The stewards, on considering the matter, decided that as the course bod not been clearly indicated the race should be run again after the other events on the card were decided. The stewards also expressed the opinion that, as a matter of equity, all bets on the race should be off. This was a matter, however, resting entirely between backers and bookmakers, and while some of them returned the money othen insisted on the wagers standing good for the secsnd event. All the hones came out again, and although there was little doubt that with the weights Granville was the best horse Clarence was made the favourite. The result of the first run was only altered as far as the minor places were concerned, for Granville, reserving a rush for the finish, beat Native by • head, Clarence being third. In the second race, Kingston, Beresford, and Tandsticker fell, while Topsail ran off. The winner, Gran ville, is a rather small but compact horse, who, with Hunt in the saddle, has recently won ne\eral jumping races in the Mur ray Valley district. This was his first try over a metropolitan course, and the double victory secured for hone and rider a warm choer at the finish. Any complications that might have resulted through another horao winning were thus avoided." I see from a Melbourne paper that the com mittee of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club are evidently determined to maintain the popu larity and importance of the Caulfield Cup. This year the event will be a handic&p; of 1500 so vs., 1000 soys. to go to the first hone. 300 soys. to the second, and 200 soys. to the third. The payments are as follows:—s soys. on nomination, Monday, Ist June : second pay mtnt after declaration of weights, 5 soys., due Tuesday, Ist September; and final payment, 4 p.m. on Tuesday, 13th October. All hones not scratched on that date will be considered accepton and held liable for the balance, 10 soys. each. The City and Suburban Handicap was run at Epsom on the 29th April, and resulted in a win for Bird of Freedom, Mr. Abington's Mac Mahon being second, and Mr. E. C. Starkey's Woodlark third. The following are the nominations for the principal Rockhampton Jockey Club Handi caps. These are very satisfactory, twenty seven horses being nominated for each event. Port Curtcs Handicap.—lJ Mile. Mr. T. H. Hassell's b.g. Velox aged Mr. T. H. HaaseU's br.g. Careless, (late Mar vellous). 6 years Mr. F. Schneider'* b.c. Glengarry, 3 yean Mr. J. M. Niall's bile c. Chryaos, 3 yean Mr. J. J. Duraok's br.b. Lord Lisgar, 6 yean Mr. J. J. Duraok's br.o. Quamboneson, 3 yean Mr. J. Pinnle's br.h. Qolaflnder, A yean Mr. J. Finale's eh.no. Medusa, 5 yean Mmsm. F. and T. 8. Morgan's b.h. Olenooe, 5 Mr. R. Row's b.c Tallyboit, 3 yean Mr. J. M'Olll's b.g. Preston, 6 yean : Ifr. J. M'Oill's b.ff. Lancer, 4 years : if r. J P. Jost's br.h. Elslnore, 5 yean ! dr. W. Mooney's b.h. Rioter, 6 yein : Ifr. W. Mooney's bin. Adamantea, 5 yean : Ifr. J. Morrisey's bllcm. Empress. 5 yean Mr. P. Duff's br.h. Master Rlngwood, 6 yean Mr. P. Duffs b.t Grace. 3 yean Mr. O. Pohlman's D.g. New Moon, 6 yean Mr. R. Lyons's blk.h. Granby, 5 yean Mr. R. Lyons's ch.g. Spot, aged Mr. D. Budge's h.a. Rooket, aged Mr. H. Murphy's br.g. Newlawn, agod Mr. P. B. Dalzell's b.gr. Marksman, aged Mr. D. Budge's b.g. Guardsman, (late Musjld), Mr. J/lL O. Pountney's br.o. Castaway, 3 yean Mr. J. H. G. Pountney's br.g. Wetberondale. 3 yean. Rookhampton Handicap —2 Milks. Mr. T. H. HasseU's b.g. Velox, aged Mr. T. H. HasseU's br.g. Careless, (late Marvellous), Mr. F. Schneider's b.o. Glengarry, 3 years Mr. J. M NiaU'u bllco. Chryos, 3 yean Mr, J. J. Durack's br.b. Lord Lisgar, 6 yean Mr. J. J. Durack's br.c. Quamboneson, 3 years Mr. J. Finnie's br.h. Goldflnder. 5 yean Mr. J. Finnie's oh.m. Medusa, 5 yean Messrs. F. and T. 8. Morgan's b.h. Olenooe, 6 yean. Mr. R. Ross's b.c. Tallybois, 8 yean Mr. J. M'GiU's b,g. Preston, 6 yean Mr. J. M'GiU's b.R. Lancer. 4 yean Mr. J. P. Jost's b.o. Petronel. 3 years Mr. W. Mooney's b.h. Kioter. 6 yean Mr. W. Mooney'a b m. Adamant**. 5 yean Mr. J. Morrisey's blk.m. Amprass, 5 yean Mr. K. Brown'd hr.g. Wombat, aged' Mr. P. Duff'« br.b. M.ister Ringwood, 0 yean Mr. G. Pohlmin's b g. New Moon, 6 yean Mr. R. Lyons's blk.h. Granby, 5 years Mr. R. Lyona's ch.g. Spot, ag> d Mr. I). Budgo'a b.g. Rocket, aged Mr. H. Murphy'fl br.tf. Newlawn, aged Mr. l>. K. ])»)zell's b g. Marksman, aged Mr. D. Budge's Guardsman, (late Muitfld), aged Mr. J. H. G. Pountnoy's br.o. Castaway, 3 yean Mr. J. ti. G. Pountney's br.g. Wetherondale, 3 yean. 