An Amorous Aeronaut. A late French journal contains the follow ing curious and characteristic incident. It is a fit idea for the construction of a melo drama. While Monsieur Godard was filling an im mense balloon iu the Champ de Mars, be amused the spectators by sending up the small figure of a man, the perfect semblance of M. Thiers, without spectacles. The little man, being filled with gas, rose majestically into the air, and was soon lost to view amongst the clouds. His adventures, which became known the next day, were curious. Thanks to a strong and favorable gale, which impelled him on his course, the little balloon man arrived the same afternoon in eight ofa fine country house somcwhera in the neigh borhood of Bievro. It was near the hour of dinner, and the lady of the mansion, who naturally thought herself perfectly safe, was occupied in the mysteries of her toilet. It was a warm day, and she had opened one of the windows which looked out upon the Park, and was safe from any prying eyes. While tranquilly engaged, by the assistance of corset lacing, in reducing her waist to a size and shape that would reflect credit on her husband's taste, «he was suddenly startled by * blast of wind,.followed by a strange noise ; an4 im mediately the casement was thrown,;open, and our little bolloon man entered fifüh^ia berujj announced. The lady uttered a cry of terror, arid threw a shawl over her shoulders. - The little man, drives by the wind, throwB himself upon the unhappy woman, who, screaming louder than erer, pushed him- oS, and! he', therefore coq epals himself under the bed, . Just as the wife, in a supplicating voice, s$ys to this novel Don Juan, " Ah, monsieur, go away or yo.u will ruin me I" the.husband furiously rushed in,, crying,' •'Ah, the ■wretch, I liave him , now 1" and goes in soarch of hiB sword to. run him through the body. The wife, more dead than alive, reiterates,1 in the midst of sobs, " Fly, fly, monsieur 1 and save me the sight of a dreadful tra gedy." The husband, infuriated, arrives, armed to the teeth, followed by the whole household, who seek to mollify his anger. While two of his friends hold the husband, a third, stooping down, perceives our little friend, who, for good cause, utters not a word, and, catching him by the leg, draws him forth from his concealment—when lo I Monsieur Balloon, no longer held down by the bed stead, raiBus himself crect, swells out, and rises majestically to the ceiling, to the im mense amusement of the spectators. " Yes, Brownjug is an M.D., I believe j but he is an M.D. without practico. " " Then he has the advantage or the rest of you doctors. Bis slumbers cannot be disturbed, by the ghosts of deported patients." jT 