ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [BY THE GHOST.] After all there is to be no fighting. Whether the announcement that the Vic torian fleet had been sent to the Heads, and that Colonel Sargood was ready at a moment's notice to take command of the defence forces, caused the Muscovite to be more pacifically disposed, or tile fact that the "grand old man" ceded to Russia everything the arrogant Czar chose to demand, postponed the evil day when havoc will be cried and the dogs of war let loose, peace is now quite as assured as any thing can be in this world of ours, where the unforeseen is always happening. The lurid clouds that have been hanging dark and ominous on England's foreign horizon in the directions of Russia, tle Soudan, and Afghanistan have suddenly cleared away, and once more, for a time at all events (which interval Russia will doubt less turn to good account in completing her preparations for the inevitable struggle) the British Government may proclaim that "the Empire is peace." A little more humble pie may have to be eaten by England, but in regard to this article of diet-which may now rank with Britishers as a national dish, just as saner kraut does with the Teuton, and the oella podrida with the Spaniard-it is apparent that "le appeli vienal ean mangeant." Mr. Gladstone is so used to humiliations and insults that a slight more or less does not matter. Strange how Englishmen have changed of late years I It would really not be a matter for much surprise were the Premier's Midlothian constituents to present the honourable gentleman with some appropriate mark of their esteem and approbation for the way he has "pro served" the honour of old England. 'ihe gift for instance of a diamond-hilted wood man's axe would be appropriate, and would, moreover, serve the purpose of letting the British public see that the action of the Czar in presenting the truculent Komaroff with a diamond hilted sword as a memento of the Penjdh "incident" was fully appreciated by the nation over whose business-for their sins, doubtless-Mr. Gladstone now presides. The peaceful outlook has caused the Victorian authorities to stay their hands in pushing on the offensive and defensive works at the entrance to Port Phillip Bay. The "busy hum of men" is no longer heard at Queenscliff and the South Channel Fort, where tihe "Government stroke" now prevails. And if one may judge by what is now being done by the Ministry, the conclusion might fairly be arrived at that these gentlemen are not quite assured of the safe line to adopt, for while with one hand they arrest the progress of the preparations to receive the enemy, with the other they continue them. Calling on the old volunteer force again to enrol is assuredly an extreme stop which the imminence of impending hostilities alone could justify. Yet this step was only taken in a half-hearted kind of way; for when a real live Imperial lieutenant colonel-not your shoddy colonial article was sent to the various centres of popu lation to obtain the names of the brave heroes anxious to defend their hearths and homes, the men who came forward were told that they were not to be at once sworn in, but would have to wait until it was seen what course events would take. The men appealed to seemed themselves to feel that to volunteer their services when they were not at all likely to be required was somewhat-of a farce. Had this feeling not prevailed, twenty times the number of "defenders" who presented themselves would have come forward. Perhaps, too, the announcement of the uniform the reserve corps was to wear may have had something to do in cooling the military flame the Government sought to kindle. A full suit of " dark brown dungaree" and a " glengarry" bonnet, for which ridiculous head gear was afterwards substituted " a broad brimmed soft felt hat, looped up on one side" after the fashion of a pirate of Penzance or stage first robber, is hardly a costume fitting the wearer to "court an am'rous looking glass." Printers beware ! and don't make a" goak" of this Shakesperian quotation by" setting" it as "an amorous looking lass." And after all there is a great deal in the "appearanco" of soldiers, as witness the remarks of all the Generals and Colonels who have reviewed the NewSouth Wales contingent in the Soudan, and who have all invariably expatiated upon their "appearance." The truth of the remark of the French cynic, who tells us that " women are not what they are, but what they appear to be," applies with equal truth to volunteers. A regiment of guys. would be of as little use in the field as in the tboudoir. Apropos of Volunteers, is it in a spirit of irony that the " Arab" has been selected to take back the New South Wales men to their homes P Is it because they saw so little of the real Arab on land, that it is deemed expedient to afford them an op portunity of judging of the demeanour of the " Arab" on the water, that this ship has been chosen P The Civil Service Commissioners have just completed the arduous task of hearing the appeals of half the teachers in the colony against their classification, and are about to commence listening to the reasons of 700 dissatisfied Government officers, who I value themselves at a higher rate than that at which they havo been appraisodby the classifiers. Evidently the complaining ones have not read Scotland's national I poet, or do not possess the gift of seeing themselves as others see them. Those wicked bakers have been at it again. During the week some half score or so have been fined in Melbourne and the suburbs for mixing alum with their loaves. In connection with this subject a morning journal-the one of the three dailies remarkable for its piety, its pru riency, and its general fatuitous dog matism-informs the public that the pre sence of alum in bread is easily detected "by means of a decoction of logwood." Perhaps this is so, but then it is not every one who has on hand a supply of the "best French claret," or "pure colonial red wine," with which to carry out the chemi cal experiment. It will no doubt be a source of melan choly satisfaction to the public, or at least to the travelling portion of the liege sub jects of her Majesty, to learn that the rail way ambulance corps has been thoroughly organised, and that in the event of a col lision or smash, nearly every porter or gatekeeper on the line will be in a position to treat their hurtsin the most approved surgical fashion. Supplies of splints, bandages, and tourniquets are to be kept handy at all stations. The same amount of care and time devoted to teaching our railway officials how to avoid the necessity of the existence of a St John's Ambulance Railway Corps, by ron during the necessity for the services an impossibility, would perhaps have been more appreciated by travellers. Two divorce suits, which will entirely eclipse in the piquancy of their details the stories told during the Malpas v. Malpas case, are likely ere long to occupy the attention of the Court. Neither ofithe parties who are to figure in the witness box as plaintiffs, belongs exactly to the "upper ten," the one being the wife of a well-known tradesman of Geelong, the other complainant a civil ser vant in the same arcadian locality. The first seeks a dissolution of the nuptial tie on the grounds of cruelty and desertion by her liege lord; the other desires to get rid of his better half for the good and sufficient reason that the lady loves not only wisely and too well, but too often and too many into the bargain. At all events lie is determined to have plenty of strings to his legal bow, for it is said there are atthe very least a dozen gentle men who will be placed in the position of co-respondents. Whatever wisdom there may be in the multitude of councillors, there is evidently none in a host of lovers. Two ladies were expatiating a few days since on the beauties of that almost un known watering place-Lorne. Said the one, " I always stay at the Pacific Hotel; there's always such fun there in the even ing." Said the other, evidently a budding asthete, "I generally patronise Mount joy's; it's closer to the sea, and in the early morning one can inhale such delightful draughts of pure ozone." " Well," replied the first speaker, " I always thought the place was strictly teetotal." May 21. 