v There is nothing move troublesome on earth, and more especially in that portion of the world known a the business circles, than a man with an imaginary grievance. He is so persistent in his expectation that Others are bound to look upon it in the same light as lie docs, that lie is incessantly on the outlook for u fresh audience. Shake ltim off at one corner aud he will dodge you down the fiivl right of way, and come back for a renewed attack. The Miss Flites of society are by no means scant. Ills Honor .ledge Xocl has recently had occasion to deal yitli this class of people, and in -a some what lengthy judgment has luiil down certain rides by which he proposes to deal with insolvents who claim to have a grievance against their assignees or trustees, it is of course highly important that trustees in insolvency should do tho best (hey can wit If an eslalo committed to lli-iii. Two classes of interests ...arc tn'Ciwiovalli/ involved ; one is' nhrni/:; so. This latter is the interest, which Ihe creditors necessarily have in the estate. Tlio judicious handling of it by the trustee may yield them a dividend treble in value to that which would otherwise accrue. Hilt it sometimes linppens. although very rarely, that tlio estate will pay twenty shillings in the pound, and leave something in addition for the insolvent. Hence, as wo have already said, tho interest of the latter is occasionally involved in tlio deal ings of the trustee. Nov.- the trustee is made amenable to the court for the mode in which ho deals with nn estate by the 122nd section of the Insol vency Statute. This provides that he shall file in the office of the court from time to time statements "showing how ' the insolvent estate has been applied ' and disposed of under the following heads (1) Costs, charges, allow - ' ances and expenses ; (2) Remuneration "or commission; (3) Preferential pay- ' ' meiits to creditors or others directed or " authorised to be mnde by the Act ; (4) " Dividends to general creditors." Besides this, ho must show what part, if any, of the insolvent estate is still uncollected, aud in the event of an order being made by the court must furnish further aud fuller particulars. It was in consequence of nu application under this latter provision of the section that the judgment of .fudge Jvoel Yvas given. An insolvent, IV. If. Vail, applied for an order directing Mr. Gilmour, his trustee, to file further and hotter accounts of his estate. One of the grievances of which he complained was that a certain skin of some peculiar reptile, which formed part, of his assets, had been sold for £3. Phis Yvonderfid Halrachian specimen lie valued at £1000. The opinion of a scientist who was consnlfed on the sub ject assessed the value at Yvllat it Yvas actually sold /for. The other main grievance set up by the insolvent re lated to a Bum of £1000 collected by the trustee as Vail's agent prior to the in solvency for the sale of a tailoring busi ness. There was a somewhat ludicrous similarity iu the two amounts. A thousand pounds for tho goodwill and stock of a business, and £1000 for the dermatous re mains of a wretched replile. On the face of the proceedings there was au evident vcxatiousuesa displayed. If it wero feasible for an insolvent to cliargc a trus tee with misconduct in his dealings be cause the latter failed to realise a fancy price set upon some choice relic forming part of the insolvent's property, the trus tee s appointment would be a somewhat hazardous one. There is a peculiar weak ness in certain persons to attach them selves to relies, and exalt their value to an enormous extent. Many old ladies set the very highest value upon the skin of a once favorite lorn cat, and the sterner sex are not without a hankering after the remains of pet dogs, horses or other animals. If, however, a trustee were to be called to task because lie had parted with such spccimcus at the paltry value which ordinary people put upon them, a great deal of the assets of an estate might be lost in vague litigation. Judge Noel lias laid down two very salu tary rules in regard to applications of this kind. He has decided — first, tliat unless it can be shown that there is likely to be a surplus in the estate the in solvent. has no right to put the. court in motion at all ; aud secondly, that the trustee should not be needlessly harassed, oven by a creditor, if lie has substantially given tho information required by the 122nd section. The reason of these two principles mutj, beobvious. In tho first place, the insolvent, if there is not likely to be a surplus, lias really no iutcrest in the estate. Hy instituting proceedings ugainst the trustee he causes litigation, and as he has probably nothing to lose by it the costs of defending the trustee's position fall upon the estate. Iu other words, it comes out of the creditors' pockets, aud in proportion reduces the dividend they would otherwise receive. Heuce, it bec'omeR obY-ious that a person in tbe position of the insolvent, wlio unless there be a surplus has really no interest in the estate, should be prevented from in juring his creditors by airing iu the law- courts absurd and unfounded grievances. The secoud rule laid down hy his Honor mainly rests upon the same line of argu ment. A creditor may take it into his head to needlessly vex tlio trustee iu much the same way as the insolvent. Of course he has an interest in the dividend to he paid, however small, aud'" cannot, therefore, he as rigidly excluded as the insolvent. At the same time his interest may be a very small one, while his action may tend to materially affect the dividend payable to much larger creditors. IVe have no wish to see trnstees placed in any ' posi tion which would allow them to conduct tho business of tho estate in a slovenly or careless way. They are and should bo amenable to control, aud their dealings subject to review. If it were not so the assets of estates might he dissipated and wasted through mere neg ligence. Hut they should not be need lessly harassed, and put to defendingthem- selves, at the cost of the assets iu their hands, against absurd claims and unsub stantial 'charges. The decision of Judge Noel appears to us to cavry out this prin ciple. He absolutely prohibits the insol vent, except in very valuable estates, from thus vexatiously harassing the trustee, and lie confines litigious creditors within the strict limits laid down by the Statute. It lias beeu reserved for the close of the nineteenth century to witness the pro jected establishment of the most extra ordinary philanthropic institution ever contemplated for mitigating a portion of the ills that flesh is heir to. Whatever distinction attaches to the novel con ception belongs to a prominent member of the Incorporated Law' Society of Great Britain, who has scattered broad cast a pamphlet advocating the formation of "law hospitals," to afford free legal advice to the humbler classes just as the London hospitals provide free surgical and medical treatment for the poor. It is contended by this valiant advocate of au unprecedented charity that "tho legal " profession is not inferior to the healing ' profession in philanthropy, aud that a " most viduable school of law might be " founded by the institution proposed." It would bo difficult io imagine a- single current physical ailment or exigency that hits not already in London specific hos pital appliances to" cope with it." For the treatment of fistula, hernia, cancer, dis eases of the eye, the car, the chest and the throat there exist separate institu tions, supported partly by endowment and partly by voluntary contribution. For the accommodation of poor but respect able married women the lying-in hospital is proviib'd ; children have inaiiliitions exclusively confined to diseases which I hey arc mainly liable: I lie lock hospital exists for curing the ailments of fallen women ; crooked 11101).-: arc dealt, with at tho orthopicdic hospital; and there is no sight which fills au Australian paving a visit, to the parent, country with greater astonishment than the stupendous scale on which kindred institutions for general curative purposes arc carried on, such as Guy's, St. Thomas's, Bartholomew's, the London and University hospitals. The insane enjoy the advantage of medical specialists at 1 Ian well and Colney Hatch, and idiots have separate retreats under the supervision of experts exclusively devoted to tlioir requirements. The Imperial metropolis also boasts an extensive asylum for strayed dogs ; and so pressed is the overflowing sympathy of Londoners to discover fresh outlets that the refined commiseration of an eccentric class of West End devotees has of late been lavished on an institution in Bond-street called tho " doll hospital," where surgery is applied to the original purpose of re newing disfigured and fractured dolls which have suffered at the hands of the cruel juvenile tyrants of the nursery ! But never siuce the science of law was first crudely organised by Phoroneus, eighteen hundred years before our era, until now, has legal benevolence been conspicuous in any form, but especially in connection with gratuitous professional aid supplied to poor clients to he admitted as patients in a "law hospital." Solon with all his wis dom was unequal to so brilliant an 'idea. We look in vain for any parallel to it in the Spartan regime ; nor is there the re motest approacli'to it in the achievements of those who codified the Roman laws and the twelve tables ; anil Justinian, des pite the acumen and profundity shoYvn in his pandects, never dreamt of it. There is nothing resembling so unique a mode of condescension to the needs of the poor in the Ihpuhlic of Plato, the Utopia of More, the Atlantis of Bacon, the Arcadia of Pem broke, or tbe New Moral World of Owen. On the contrary, an evident prejudice against that profession which renders ser vice according to modern methods in interpreting the law, bewildering judges, badgering witnesses and misleading juries, s'eeins, unfortunately, to have been almost universal among the founders of ideal states, ancient as well as modern. It will be remembered that in the admir able Fareasm on civilised life of Aristophanes, The Birds, a skilled lawyer applied for admission to that select and peaceful community, but was promptly rejected. The impres sion of the authorities of the halcyou re gion was — and it has been widely though perhaps uujustly shared over since — that- disputes arc few and easily settled in a new state until lawyers arrive, but that afterwards thc-y multiply and become pro tracted, just because it is supposed to bo tbe interest of the legal profession that it should he so. Tho late Lord Romilly is credited with saying that " our law system " was invented for the creation of- costs, aud " not for the due administration of justice." To tho late Lord justice Lush is ascribed the remark: — "If anyone sent him a tiger " lie. would take it and pay for it rather " than go to a lawyer." Lord Justice Bramwell is reported to have said that " suitors in England had better suffer " almost any loss than go to law for re- " dress ; " and another excellent English judge once asserted that "the greatest " blot on our law system is the negli gence, ignorance or villany of larvyers " in makinglong bills of costs." It is well to understand, however, that the colonios arc not presumed to come within the sweep of this heavy condemnation, hut only the parent country, in winch the law hospital is to ho opened. But assuming this grave aspersion of the profession in England to have a solid basis, it is hardly surprising that the late Emperor of Russia, ou his first visit to London, should have so unequivocally expressedhis aversion to law yers. When told that Great Britain boasted 150,000 men in various grades of the legal profession, He naively asked what useful function they served. The reply he re ceived was that their raison d'etre was chiefly "to keep tho people in hot water." " "What a nuisance," he exclaimed, "and "robbery you iuust suffer. I govern " nearly 100,Q00,000people with only two " lawyers, and propose, after whatl have " been told here, to hang one of them on " my return, to prevent the spread of so " dangerous a social plague." But the administration of tho new law hospital, it appears, is to vindicate finally and for over the character of British lawyers from lmrsh charges of exaction, uuscrupulousucss and rapacity, which have .been wantonly levelled against them. In our simplicity we had imagined that the poor were just the one clas3 iu England which were protected by their very poverty from all temptation to indulge in the luxury of law, nud expose themselves to the alleged oppression of lawyers. They have but few leases, conveyances or contracts to execute; and if they should have an oc casional score to settle with a chum over a personal attack or the abstraction of some trifling articlo of property, there is too little obscurity in the law as applicable to such offences to test legal knowledgo. Besides, even ou the supposition that a complex case should sometimes arise in which a poor uian prefers a claim to a great estate, of what avail is the most faultless legal opinion unless thero is a charitable fund at the disposal of the hos pital, out of which heavy foes to counsel and to the court could be paid when re quired? In a hospital for the cure of diseases the best advice is at once avail able, and the patient is left in no doubt as to whether lie may hope for an early re covery, or must resign himself to a prema ture grave. But, owing to the proverbial unoertaiuty of law, the hospital advisers might bo strongly convinced of the ac curacy of their views, but. uutil tho case was actually tried before judge, nnd per haps jury also, tbe fate of the legal patient would remain undecided. In fact, so pre posterous is the notion of the institution it is proposed to establish tbat we are disposed to regard the matter iu the light of a good-humored joke. If English law yers are burning with zeal to enjoy a reputation for self- denying philanthropy equal to what free medical advice gives to physicians of hospitals, let them erect a hospital for the support of the multitudes beggared by ill-advisedlaw suits. Moreover, it is open to tbem to hasteu the work of rendering tho law as intelligible aud inex pensive as Sir Alexander Cockburn, the late Lord Chief Justice of Englaud, longed to see it. They have ample scope for the exercise of their bcuevolent desires iu desist lug from needlessly prolonging suits, and urging their clients to sue or defend when they ought to know they have not the ghost of a chance to win. They arc at perfect liberty to wrile only one letter on a subject where.at present tliey may consciously write ten, with the solo object of running up a long bill. 