THE CAULFIELD: CHP fatality: ' ONE JOCKEY KILLED AND SEVERAL tv .- ' [KHOM TlIK AHGUS].'. .1-. •' In the .history'of Australian ^racing there is no other such unfortunate accident/ recorded as that which occurred ill the. Caulfield -Cup-Oil Satu'rd&yl; \- The-fieid of'horsre w;as, with/a. Single exception, the largest that,'has - ever' startedrfor a ,race,in the; colonies; When The Ghost Tvqn the -Ladies' Trophj 'at Caulfield; in- 1883 a field of 42 ran.C.AUjWeni; woll'ia%atur-" day's chief race until the Horses were approaching the turn; Too Too gad struggled/to the rontj'ari'd was leading/ by a bare neck, with Claptrap hugging, the "iralls ,on her.left,.^nd, Sardius galloping 'immediately' on her. right. Theiturn,:^vhich 'is "corisidered: the most* <Sfficult part of ;tbe course, Tras, yet some dietance ahead, arid the horses well strung out were in, iwhatas isally^'MaaeitSibF^i^ifi^W&Se;' track, but were crowding on the rails in order 'to get the inside rulining for the "rush up' the straight to the; iwinriing post. How Too Too cairie down is not known, even the riders of the leadirig horses holding different opinions as to what horses .were really first down and how they fell, The mare gallops awkwardly, and as. -she seemed, ito,.-. be tiring at .the/time, the iriost probable- theory, and that'favoured by many standing, near the spot/at ihe time; is, that her front legs crossed with those ofeither': Sardios or Claptrap,-but probably the former. 'From, the stauathe.-;white jacket/andjblue/feap, the colours worn by the rider of Too Ton, seemed to sinksuddenlyinto the ground; there was a flash of struggling horasi and silk-clad 'jockeys, hurled- here and there in wild confusion, riderless and bridleless horses dashing away,: while others limped off injured. Four of the jockeys and two, horses lay quite still lupon the. turf,.and it seeined as if,they had been killed outright., The crowd Extended nearly down to the .point where the accident occurred, and almost before the last! horse had ,'cleare 1 the inanimate group, th"eSjock6ys-.were picked up. It was at once apparent that Donald Mcllolson, one of the most popular of lightweight jockeys, had been killed instantly, He. was,-riding Lord Exeter,' and strange to say the horse was neverskriocked off his legs, but the shock hurlei the rider with fearful violence against the "white fence, and) his skull would seem;.to have been crushed/in, Crackneli's chest was,crushed iri.from a' blow, and he lay quite helpless, but conscious, being able to, describe, his ^injuries, and take a gfon ;of water from" those, who helped him. 'Wyinan, the rider of-Sardius, seemed to have been struck on the face, and looked worse than )he really was., M'Grade, who had been on Tom Brown,; looked vary ghastly. His nose was broken in, one arm hung loosely, and what with dust and blood, and his white face, those around thought that he also had beenildlled outright. M'Grath, the rider.: of Prince . Imp' rial, was also senseless, having' received a 'blow oatbe liead when his horse rolled'-/over. The.tiny rider Twomey was stretched alongside his dead horse, Uarah, who had.been instantly killed, .and.at'first it seemed that both horse and .ioekey were in the/same condition. Commi-e:afio:i for the tiny boy lying .on-one end of the stretcher was greater on account of his small si?,e. Wymau, the rider of Sardius, was 'one of tlie first; down, and as a dozen horses ;seemed to roll right on tup of him bis escape from instant death was /a miracle. He, too, wss picked up unconscious, suffering from concussion of the brain. Some of the. riders : wfere ab'.e to walk, airid. others .were, assisted to , the casuilty room, but' stretchers had to bi 'furnished for five. - ' -"" ,",-'./. .''"'" .' : At the casualty -'robin, .the injured' "riders '•were attended by !Drs Fitzgerald,'/Williams, •O'Hara, arid others, and for a time the wildest rumours 'were circulated as to their condition. His/Excellency the Go'vernor, whoTiad arrived /not long before the race, went down to make inquiries as to their condition, and on learning the nature of the fatality, left the course. Mr Speight, ^ chairman'"of the Railway Commissioners,., immediately. .volunteered to run a special train into Mebourne, so that those who wcre most injured might be sent to the Melbourne Hospital. ; -.: The'horses that came down were Sardius, Tom Brown, The Israelite; Despot, Prince Imperial, - Impulse, Country /Boy,'" Claptrap, / Kingship; ;'Tarpeia, Lucky- Hit;- Winchester,: ! Sirocco, Too .'Tco, arid'Uar^.'fA'-Glaptrajpy/tirie of the leaders, male a gallant effort to escape by jiiriiping vpver/^rob: Too as she'fell, but Sardius, as he,:too, went down, brought him" .to- grief. i.Trahiin got: off wonderfully well, and was able "to.rid/a-wiririer.afterwards in the Windsor Handicap, Hutchins being the only other.-one of ithbse who came down able to take a mount afterwards. :T. Brown, the rider of Too Too, although in-tlic very thickest, of.the "uidtlc, escaped;almost without injury, "but the mare, who was galloped over -by a lot of horses, lay for some time on the ground, apparently /dead, biit afterwards rose, and was got awav with some difficulty. THE INJURED JOCKEYS On the ;arrival of the special-train which brought the sufferers • to Melbourne,' stretchers were-procured, and Cracknel! and' M'Grath were carried-on. one to the Melbourne Hosipital; Dr Williams, who had come from the course:-with them,' attending. to ; them: on the :way. M'.Grade and-tbeilad Twomey followed on another stretcher.: • Tidings of the accident had preceded, ;.them; . and every preparation was made, for. iheir reception into the casualty, room. Drs Fitzgerald, .Purdey, and Mollison •were waiting, and they,^-assisted by Dr Williams, did their best to alleviate the suffenngs of the mjurei jockeys, and mitigate the effects of-the catastrophe. "Dr-Mailer:-who arrived . later, .also lent assistance .in caring for the men Gracknell; who is ,39 years of age; and lives 'at 1 Newmarket,; appears to have fallen on'his left , side, .for his lujuries .are confined to his 'right i side and leg.; , HH ribs have become /disj oined trom: the breast ibone; and. been dnven-cbm-' pletely under it. He is injured internally-but ltasnot knowgrto what-extent,, and his right" .thigh ,is considerably 'bruised'.and cut.. • The : shock ,which lie sustained was,so severe .that it displaced bis heart. M'Grath. . who 'also, lives at Newmarket, is -suffering from a fracture of the base of his skull.' 'Edward M'Grade, aged .25..is a. resident of Randwick, Sydnei. His; right shoulderblale is fractured, and his nose is broken. Twomey is thejleast liu't of those..111 the -Melbourne Hospital, having' had' his ribs fractured. , He has been treated at thisiinstitution previously for injuriessreceired m races-,..Morrison, i the, rider of Sirocco, had his arm broken, but :his case was not considered serious enough to . warrant his removal to the Hospital, tand'he was taken home. Crack- 5 neii and MMratii were - unconscious when admitted f.o the Hospital, but soon regained their., senses..'.:; The,. doctors -.were with ; the' patients continually,until Sunday mornim They expected thatiCracknell and M'Grath would.not live the night, ou!:,'but as the time woie on their condition improved Having their constitutions weakened by- the .effects of traming., the medical men considered that: the jockeys liad a less chance of recovermg than they otherwise would.. Many friends, including \- the Hon. Wm. Pearsbn .and Mr, Mayo, : owners of two of the horses which f e!i; wsited : the "sufferers on Sunday. .- Dr Fitzgerald has •taken charge;of,Ahe cases of the.four men ;m the Melbourne Hospital Robert Wymau ithe'rider of iSardius, who is aged ,26, sustained concussion of tlie brain. and was removed to the Alfred Hosjntat. lie, bad so far improved on Sunday evening as to -bo a'nle to converse iwith the doctors concerning the mishap. . . vThejockejb, Craclmell, M Grath, M'Grade . ami iTwomey,:were last,night doing as. well as -can'be'expected VictojiaT^ '.'• 