MIXED MEMORANDA. A young lady in Warrnambool has instituted an action for breach of promise against a wealthy old bachelor in the neighbourhood. 'J he damages are laid dotvn at £10,000, It is said that the letters and details will be very diverting. From the same town a young lady is said to have eloped from her papa's house with a jockey, who was employed as a groom, and that a well-to-do farmer's daughter has gone off with one of her father's labourers. It will be beard (remarks the Anglo Kcw Zta lander') with much regret that there' is reason to fear that a son of Charles Dickens, Inspector Dickens, who was officer in charge of Fort Pitt, in North AVest Canada, has been massacred by the Indians, who capturcd the outpost a few days before General Middleton could relieve it. It is bslieved that twenty-live policemen and thirty civilians perished. 'Now sir,'' said the prosecuting attorney pom pously, 'you are a railway man, you say. Now, sir, let's see bow much you know about your business, sir. What motive, sir, bas your company for run ning its train through the city faster than the ordinance decree / ' What motive V ' Ves sir, what motive? Come, siK.'i,Why, locomotive, I should say.' The witness was fiuod for contempt of court, Mr, Burge, the railway surveyor, has so far marked out an exceptionally fine line from Tarago to Manaro, where be is now camped. He intends crossing the Shoalhaven liiver at the part known as Cronin's Crossing, and it is expected that the survey will be completed in about six Weeks' time. The Land and Industrial Alliance has now 47 branches, aud is about to pick out its candidates for the next general election, Lancelot Coburn, the member of the Contingent who dieel of typhoid, is a son of Mr, Martin Coburn, of Surry Hills, Sydney. Mr. Stuart has as yet received neither public nor private intimation that he is to be Sir Alexander Stuart. Residents of the Wollongong district of forty years standing say that this is the worst season they have experienced. Matters are nearly as bad as they can be; and unless a satisfactory change takes place before long ruin to many farmers will be the result. Already dairymen arc taking their herds away from the district to wherever they can get enough grass to sustain life in them. Parties who at thiB time last year milked fifty or sixty head, now get only enough for their own use. In some instances cattle are dying off, aud realize only the price of the hides." Some farmers rather than lose all are selling really' fine cowsat from £2 to £2 10s, Grass is very short and water scarce both in the country and the town. What is now wanted is mild weather with occasional showers to pull the dairyman through the present trying times. This picture of our future is of Mr. David Buchanan's drawing:—These colonics are now three millions strong, and as an independent nation would receive'ambassadors from every nation in the world, a grander and prouder position than hanging by the skirts of England, This grand event is nearer than many people suppose. It is fashionable to think that it is only Mr. Gladstone and the Badicals that favour separation. There is a stronger feeling in favor of separation among the high Tories than among the Liberals as the following extract from a letter of Mr. Disraeli proves. It is taken from the Earl of Malmsbury's life just published, and is addressed to the Earl:— " Those wretched colonies will all be independent too, in tv few years, and are a millstone around our necks." If the colonics are a millstone round England's neck, the English connection with the colonies is a source of periodic danger and alarm to us, which the common souse and common necessity of both peoples will sec the advantage of throwin off at the first convenient opportunity. , The Eolw denominates Wagga " That remote inland village," Is it not time our educators in the metropolitan journals learned a little geography, or at least made themselves acquainted with commer cial facts ? . As a piece of sublime '.' hifalutin " we select the following from the Echo, anent Mr, Dalley's speech at Wagga : " It is a speech which cari come only from one specially gifted to take bare facts and by the magic of a marvellous eloquence to robe and crown and marshal find set them in array—a gorge ous glittering host, taking every eye and oar, and entering easily into overy understanding. It is a speech which contributes largely to, the patriotism, thp literature, and the education of the colony— which fulfils ;to tho' utmost its first purpose o£ justification of a certain action and goes on nobly and boldly and wisely to trace tho result of that action in world-wide influences and unending as beneficent efforts—a speech which must extend the horizon of the great majority of readers, lifting them to a superior elevation, opening their eyes, disclosing to them the glorious possibilities of their own race, and educating them to a proper apprecia tion and a worthy ac<epfc»ncc of those things which, in tho ordinary progrtbS of events must naturally fall into their hands." . The people of Albury are going to give tho ;Ministry a banquet. Where next? /The German farmers of - Jindera,. near: Albury, propose to banquet Mr. Dalley .and the Ministry in return for the kindly things the Acting Premier said concerning the Germans during the late scare over the annexation of New Guinea. ' • The'Sydney University: Senate have resolved that a chair of modem languages be; established iu the University, and have authorized the Chancellor to ask Parliament for a, vote of £2000 to be placed i on tho estimates for 188(5. In consequence of this appointment, a change: will probably be made iu the arts curriculum^ . ; The following-gossip on matters theatrical is from a correspondent of the South Australian press '■will be of interest to playgoers :—Old Dion Bouci cault is going to pay a visit to the colonics, starting from here, I believe; some time in June, I beg his pardon for calling him old, but he is getting on, you, know, and he may regard it as a term of affection, (is he can fairly claim to be an old favourite.; Another proof of tho passage of yearsin his case is.the fact that his son and daughter are going with him to make their first bows to Australian audiences, Boucicault has, I believe, signed an agreement with Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove for a six months' trip, during which he will visit tho principal towns in the colonics, Most of his appearances will bo iu his own pieces, aud I believe ho proposes to give you tBo privilege of seeing some new pieces which havo not yet been produced in London. Says the Sydney Morning Herald " There aro still some people who want to know who wrote Shakespare. The question of controversy for tho next generation may be—who despatched the Con tingent ? It is all very well to say that some per son first thought of it; that Sir Edward Strickland suggested it; that Mr. Dalley formulated the schcme and proposed it; that the rest of the Ministers agreed to it [ that Mr. Wright and Mr. Dibbs worked hard at the details of it j that the Press pushed the movement and the public rose at it; that Sir John Robertson cheered it ou; that every man of patriotism and spirit had his heart, if not his hand, i in it that Sir Henry Pnrkes put his foot iu it. Still, after all this is snid, who despatched the Contin gent ? We, who arc so near the time and place of the event, can hardly be expected to give an impar tail or accurate answer. Posterity, perhaps, may have a better cbnncc of arriving at the truth. Peo ple at a distance may already know more about it than wo do ourselves. This is'no unfounded specula tion. It is from Captain Lambert, chairman of tho Conservative Association in Best Kent, we learn that Mr. Henniker Hcaton, formerly of Sydney, took 'a prominent part in the equipment of the New South Wales Contingent to do service in the Soudan.' Seeing that iUr. Hcaton was away from the colony at the time, and therefore bad nothing to do with the business, we arc much indebted to Captain Lambert for the information, which could hardly have been imagined without assistance." Mr. Hea ton was present when the ^statement was made, but did not correct it and loft his audience under the impression that he originated the idea, Referring to rinking, a late English paper brings the good news that a mechanical genius has coma to the rcscuc, and invented a cushion with a spiral spring to be worn by skaters where it will do the most good. When a skater who wears one of these contrivances sits down unexpectedly,. the spring throws him right on his feet again before lie is aware that there has been an accident. And as the present style of femnle dress aptly favours the con cealment of the article iu question, it will doubtless be as welcome to ladies as to gentlemen, and rink ing will henceforward be more freely indulged in. The (Melbourne) is defunct, having yielded up the ghost on Saturday. Tho paper was ably conducted, and many will regret to henr of its coll'apsc. Mr. Crichett Walker, the principal under secre tary, is seriously unwell, and unable to attond to his official duties. 