GOSSIP ON THE CBICKET MATCH. The first of January was a veritable " day of the year/' as our French neighbours term it. Light, wind, and atmosphere came up to the cricketer's ideal standard. 44 Kather a bare wicket, muttered the ntr&uger;, as he glanced superciliously at Mac's masterpiece. ' Go out and look at it," replied one of the team, " then you will see (hat the light colour comes from dose shaving and much Tiiere't euuugti turf there to cover a park." 44 This will be a slow game," remarked the bank mauager, as he settled himself back iu his seat, whilst a round of applause followed Scotton's cut for four off the BalJarat bowler. The tip proved correct to a certain extent, but, nevertheless, the play was interesting to watch. Real judges saw at ouce that Bruce'e bowling had completely collared Scot ton, and 5t showed wbata cood hatsiaan theNottiugbam pet was to be able to get any ruus off him at all. Slowly the hours passed away as Shrewsbury and Barnes cut and drove, drove and cut, each Stroke a lesson in the art of perfect batting. And during luncheon time the spectators still harped upon "our boys"— those lads who refuse to follow Perkins Middlewick's advice, " to spare »o expense for honour's sake." "It's a threadbare subject, uiajbe," said the popular chairman, as he rapped down bis empty glas with that decisive tap which always recalls the wandering attention of his auditors. "But I will say again that though our present roprcaeiitativcs «re capita players, they are a little too &apli;:.g to stand up against those season r.Jd ivilfow-wielders. No matter whit their difference, cr grievnnces inav have beeu, the men who went to England should L|-ve mot the tnc-u who c.nire from England ou the Melbourne Ground. \liey have done so, Murdoch will huvu captained a team that has tarnish d its honour." Several of the Englishmen polished off their beef uud b. er in lv?s than ten minutes, and then ran out to do a hi! cf practice battiug at l„_ » ;,J < iLe ground. The amateur fielding and bowling of ihy pmall army of volunteers off -rded huge r-ntt-rtnimueut for the crowd of shilling visitors, which quickly clus tered to that end. Then play was rt-suuied. and again Barnes and Shrewsbury swung the howling of Bruce and "SVorrall afiout, though runs came slowly, for the Australians had adopted the tactics of tho "Britishers, and bowled to the off with the fielders all ou that side. Trum1.I.,| verhccJ Worrall, iind Robert ion took Bruce' b crei-c, but scoring seemed to get faster witb lie ea.ac. Barnes b. -rag londly eh ntu a- ue lau out hh» second quartet from a cut off Trnmble, and sent 100 up on tbe board. Then Starr was tried in place of Trnmble, meanwhile Eobertson doing some very smart fieMing. hjttijg lvas interesting, though a trifle monotonous, and spectators began to feel uncasv at the rapid hut ineffectual change of bowlers. When Morris was put on there was a very general feeling that he ought to do some thing brilliant, cither by luck or skill. The fact of his first over being a maiden was cheerful. , Tbe omea was not as false as they usually are, for, just before the board showed the century and a half, Barucs played one of the darkey's balls on to liis wicket, to the great delight of the majority, who, nevertheless, were not niggardly in their applause of the batsman. There wa9 a great roar of astonishment and delight as Shrewsbury made amiss hitatau even pitch to leg from Morris, aud aentthe ball up to short slip, where it was ueatly caught by Worrall. Still, the English captaiu must have felt gratified at the oft-repeated applause as he passed iuto the pavilion, for his uoble innings deserved it. Duriug the usual four o'clock pause which followed, the chatter amongst tbe spectators was all about the capital fielding of the Aus tralians aod the slow scoring of the English men, but even tbe most sauguine were nervous about tbe bowling. Bates made the most of the scoring with Flowers, aud again the bowlers were shifted about until he pulled ou oue of Bruce's deliveries, and retired for 35. M Wh«u Read joiued Flowers, it looked as if fretted rouud nf tbo pavilion, and by his expressive face signified thai his companions couldu't have played worse if they had been 4 first-footing" all through the previous night. But the prophetic sool waB right. Flowers spooned one of Bruce's up to point, and was caught by Worrall. Briggs marched up to tho wickets with tbe air of Napoleou the First at tbe Bridge of Lodl. Like the petit caporaly be knew he was the only mau that cjuld do what was wauted. Read, after his third run, was unlucky enough to cet bowled off his pad. There was auother loud roar as Ulyett let his stumps go down to Jones' first ball, but tbe spectators were not very exuberant in their delight, for most of them knew that the burly Yorkshireman's left thumb had been so inj ured while fieldiug in the Beualla match that he could barely touch the bat with it. When Attewell joiued Briggs it became still more evident that the little man meaut to do Homeric deeds. There was a pause while be changed liis right pad. It w&b; like Hector putting on his plumed helmet. Orson, with his club, did not do such execution as the Luucasliire lad did with his bat. Meauwhile, Attewell made a sturdy henchman, aud even scored the biggest hit of the day by popping a slow high ball from Worrall straight into the pavilion reserve. When stumps were drawn everybody was talking about the brilliant battiug of Briggs, and the Australian backers congratulated themselves that Feel and Hunter were more formidable as bowlers than batters. Throughout the game the spectators were constantly applauding the Australian bowlers and fielders. Bruce seemed the favourite at the crease ; Jones aud Worrall also were much admired. Robertson, Morris, aud Jones were encouraged like personal friends during their smart fielding. Some of the critics, however, would hare it that tbe bowlers were trying too much for catches towards the eud of the day. Elliott received many commiserations as he entered the pavilion, limpiug a bit from the cracker lie received ou his aukle, for Bates can drive with the force of au eighty- pounder. To shake bauds with the luckless umpire was cruel kindness, for his shoulder was still stiff from stopping Scottou's log-hit off Bruce. Friday was the most interesting period of the match. Whoupl.'iy commenced "Mac'' bustled up his men and J thorn to stand by the roller, it \iou3du" L'.1 in jay minutes before his Excellency and suitewould cee what Australian batting v;a- like. But the English team is like a Manx cat ; : it has no tail to speak of. Brigg? resumed his Napoleonic career, and IXoranV tactics were a bit too Blucher-like for the cuiorgeuey. Inspired, by his chieftain, limner aoandoned the traditional style of keeping up the wicket, and emulated his partner in tig bits. Of course, the Australians got all abroad in bowling and fieldiug. They seemed to bo porSc-.-sed oi the idea tbat Hunter was the man to concentrate their force upon. At last "old Tommy" toed the mark, and young Australia watched, with breathless iuterest, as running backwards, behind short leg, Lis eye fixed ou the skier Briggs had seut up from Jones ; he caught the ball, aud then rolled over on the ground like a man who had received a bullet. The cheering was grand ; even Briggs himself joined in the applause. When Morris ami Jones were seen advancing to the wickets stiue surprise was expressed, but cue popular explanation was that Morris prew nervous if left to the last. The Univer sity professional's h.t to leg for four promised we l, but. like Jones soon after, he fell a victim to the insidious lbw strategy, Attewell and Peel respectively led their victims on inch by inch, each delivery from the on bringing the batsmen iuto a mure dangerous position, uutil at la?t, with lightning-like dasb.the ball, sent straight for the middle stump, crashed on to the batsman's pad. There was a rumour circulated afterwards that Jones had touched the ball with his bat before it reached his pad ; but the whole affair was so quickly done that the umpire might be excused for his adverse judgment. Trumble's partnership with Horan restored the spectators to good humour. They ap plauded their hits, and shouted advice as to runs, quite igDoriug the rules of cricket, which strictly prohibit the practice. When a big hit was made, aud the ball fiew off to the boundary, the excitement grew iutenso. They crowded down to the rails, shouting aud holloaing as if tbe ball were a living thing trying to escape from Read, or Briggs, or Scotton, who raced after it like sprinters against time. Saturday's weather began hot, grew hotter, aud closed hottest of all the days oi this season. Jones was an active Ganymede, bearing deep- sinkers to tbe perspiring fielders, whom Ulyett said deserved a drink every half honr. Trumble aud Jarvis continued their innings, both showing good et)le, though runs came slowly. The former was evidently a very great favourite amongst the critics, who all admired his finish, saying that, like Horan, he was a most reliable bat. He was caught admirably by Barnes, w hom the spectators were forced to cbeer, though giving tbe batsman an ovation as he entered the paviiiou. As Fope, Marr, and Mnsgrove went out, spectators began to fear that a follow-on for second innings was inevitable. Once there was an appeal to the umpire for a new ball, but Lillywhite didn't think it worn enough, aod Elliott refrained from expressing an opinion. However, very shortly afterwards the matter was settled by the leather splitfiug. Jarrish&d; made a splendid score before Briggs (who, like a salamander, got livelier with the heat), running far back from mid-on, caught the ball tbe South Australian bad skied from Flowers. "VYorrall was playing narofully, aud appeared good for a half-century, when Flowers took his middle 6tump as neatly as if quoit- throwing was his business, and batsmen were out of the way. Robertson gave up the ghost so quickly that Bruce hadu'ta show of scoring, aud had to be content with the barren houour of carrying his bat out. During the interval before the follow-on there was some gossip about Hunter'6 appeal for a catch at wicket off Jar-vis. Many said it was a bit tco smart to appeal, because an umpire, like Jove, might nod sometimes, aud then the batsman would suffer, for the English man is ft wizard at the wicket9. In the second iuuinga Huuter again appealed unsuccessfully. He also got a very severe knock under the chin by the ball bouueiug up after Bruce had cut it hard down. Jones had again hard luck in being clean Ir-wled after making only three good hit?. 41 Happy Jack" is the wrong sort of bowler for " Our Sam " of Sydney. Sam has the genius, but hardly enough of the traiuiug of a cricketer. Horan was cheered to the echo as he came forward to partner Bruce. Loud were the cries, Run, Tommy, run." when Bruce hit to the press-box, and Attewell, who was fielding, thought tho ball had rolled into the drain. Then he was yelled at in friendly warning to go back when he started for an impossible single from a snick by Bruce. Strange that "Tommy" can make runs much better tbun he can judge them. The doubt which had arisen more than once in the spectators' minds as to whether the wicket at the pavilion end was not becoming a hit humpy changed to a certaiuty as Huuter iiiatched the hall to his chest, after it had plauccd off the top of Horau's bat. ''Ho' that f ' cried Hunter, with a triumphant look at the umpire. But the " Conibiued" captain had already shouldered bis bat. As people tiudgcd home through the sweltering heat, which, by tbe way, had made the light very bad ou the field for the last twenty minutes, there was a mournful conviction tbat unless the unex- pected happened Australia would barely save a oue iuuuiga' defeat. The faithful few mustered in fair numbers on Monday to witness tbe last of the match. After being rolled there were only two email soft spots, one at each end of the wicket, and tbe?e did not inconvenience tbe batsmen a bit. The sight was melancholy. Barnes did not look difficult to play, albeit his pitch was mostly within a foot or two of the popping crease. The fondest hope expressed was that tbe Combined would avert a one innings' defeat. By lunch time Musgrove and Worrall were together, and a good few ran out from town on the off -chance that these baumen would repeat their Ballarat performance. But tho hopeful ones forgot that the Melbourne ground is twice as big as the BalUrat one, consequently, though Worrall played nicely, he could not show to advantage, and Mnsgrove was caught at a distance which would have meaut out of bounds on the smaller field. It wob just a dead march of the Combined as they emerged from the paviiiou to field for the six runs the English wanted. Scotton made them in two hit?, and the spectators cleared out so mourn ful and depressed that they forgot to cheer for cither team or anybody. 