HIS DARLING BRIGHT AND TRUE.' Chapter III. A HUGE, grass-grown park wall, beyond which appeared a steep hill covered with gigantic forest trees, with the deep, hoarse murmur of the winding river plainly dis- tinguishable in the stillness of the winter afternoon, huge iron gates with fluted pillows covered with ivy, bearing aloft the proud shields and scutcheons of the haughty Lancasters ; beyond, a noble avenue, grass-grown and desolate now, led straight up to the wide front of the noble old mansion. The dying daylight lighted up the white front of the ancient dwelling, with its lavish decoration, rich carving, and de licate tracery, its stained and weather- beaten exterior and fast -closed windows looking forlorn and desolate when con trasted with the richness and grandeur of the mansion and the beauty of the magnificent forest trees and wide-spread ing lawns which surrounded it. To this splendid home, with its train o! servants, its luxurious furniture, and lavish magnificence, Sir Malisc Lancaster had seven years previously brought his bride a young and marvellously lovely girl, anc for a time the old house had been fillec with comnanv. had echoed to swee music, and the sweeter music of light happy laughter. But a change came o'er the spirit of that bright dream before a year had passed away. The servants were dis missed, the stables dismantled, and Sir Malise Lancaster secluded himself with his wife in one wing of the stately house. Here shortly afterwards their first child was born, but the pure spirit hovered for one moment in its fleshly tabernacle and then departed. Various reports, each one wilder than the other, were circulated to account for this extraordinary behaviour on the part of Sir Malise. The real truth was, how ever, known to none, though Lady Lan caster's faithful maid (who was allowed to remain with her mistress when all the servants, save a couple of rough, ignorant country girls, were dismissed) could, if she had so pleased, have told of the Larful scene which had taken place between her master and mistress immediately after the receipt by Lady Lancaster of an epistle, \- -written upon his death-bed, by an old servant of her father's in which he con fessed the theft of a letter addressed to his young mistress, but urged, in extenua tion of his conduct, the fact that Sir 1 Malise had compelled him to act as he had done. Gillian Lancaster would have left her ' husband immediately after she had be- come aware of his cruel treachery to- !. wards her, but Sir Malise resorted to force to oblige the wretched woman to remain , under his roof. : Henceforward she was little better than , a prisoner in her stately, lonely home, "Mad Lancaster," as her husband was 1 usually styled by his neighbours, watch- : iner his unhaoov wife with ceaseless super- vision. Her faithful maid Margaret boldly affirmed to Dr. Bellamy, the only stranger who at rare intervals was permitted to cross the desolate threshold of that un happy house, that Sir Malise was more bad than mad ; at which the worthy doctor would shake his grey head sagely, though without venturing to commit him self to an opinion. Certainly, as the years went by, the baronet became daily more morose and reserved in his manner, seeming at time to hate the wretched woman whom he yet could not bear out of his sight for a moment. Another child had been born to the strangely-matched pair, surviving its birth but a few weeks, and Sir Malise ap peared so feverishly exultant at its death that the scared and horrified Margaret almost believed in the justice of the epithet applied to her master by his neighbours. Lady Lancaster had, however, bitterly mourned over the fragile lives so soon 1 ended ; and now, when the birth of another child was expected, was feverishly anxious and excited on the subject. Margaret was very uneasy about her beloved mistress, who was, indeed, but the wreck of the peerlessly beautiful young creature whom Sir Malise had wedded scarce seven years before. Her lovely bloom was dimmed and faded, the large brilliant blue eyes looked out most mournfully from the wasted face, a hectic spot of colour burnt upon the delicate oval of the cheek, the once smiling lips were tremblingand parched with fever now. Tka in was drawing to a close amid great gusts of wind and rain, which dashed against the windows, and wailed and howled amid the bare, leafless trees, and tall, weird chim neys. The afternoon was fast closing in, and Margaret sat thoughtfully at work in the s»mbre parlour, which was her habitual sitting-room. A gust of wind of more than ordinary severity shook the latticed casements, and Margaret rose from her seat to draw the curtains over the wide windows, and to light the wax candles in the tall silver candlesticks upon the lofty mantelpiece. While she was thus occupied the door was softly opened, and, as the house keeper turned to resume her place by the fire, she perceived that she was no longer alone. A tall, slight figure, wrapped from throat to heal in an ermine cloak, was standing in the doorway. " Good Heavens, my lady ! " exclaimed the old servant, noticing that her mistress was attired as if she was going out. " What on earth's the matter ? You are never going out at this time of night, for sure ! The master must be clean daft." For Sir Malise had lately been in the habit of driving his wife in his mail phae- . tpn 'through the lonely park and unfre- | quented lanes. " We are going to Fairchester," replied Lady Lancaster, speaking in low, fright ened tones. " Sir Malise wants me to consult Dr. Morris." " Impossible, my lady ! " said the other, firmly. " Dr. Bellamy would never sanc tion such a thing I am sure. I shall go and speak to the master myself." Sir Malice stood in the dimly-lighted hall, through the open doors of which the whithered leaves were whirling, while drizzling gusts of rain splashed upo the time-worn black and white marble pave ment. He was drawing on his gloves, but took no notice of the entrance of his wife or her faithful maid. " Sir Malise," faltered Gillian, laying her frail hand timidly upon her husband's shoulder, " Margaret thinks it would be better if she were to go to Fairchester with us, as I am not very strong." " O-o-oh !" drawled Sir Malise, looking terribly angry ; " cannot Margaret leave me to manage my own affairs ? " with a bitter sneer as he spoke. " His wife cowered back as from the lash l of a whip, but the old servant boldly 1 interposed. , "Yes, sir, it's not fit for my lady to gc 1 alone, especially as she tells me you «n- 1 tend remaining' till the day after to t morrow. I am sure Dr. Bellamy woulc disapprove of such a thing. Suppose her ladyship should be taken ill ?" " There, are doctors and nurses in Fair chester, my good Margaret," returned her master, smiling with steady composure, though his face looked as wicked as that of a wizard, though with a wickedness which Margaret could not comprehend ; "your mistress will take no harm with me. Come, Gillian, the horses are wait ing." His wife burst into tears. " Oh ! Malise, do let Margaret go with us," she cried, beneath her broken sobs, as she caught, her faithful servant by the arm ; " I cannot— I dare not go alone !" A frightful change passed over Sir Malise' s white scowling face as his power ful hand dragged his helpless wife from the side of her faithful friend. ' ' Come instantly," he snarled, with a bitter, jeering laugh; "the carriage is waiting for you. Margaret, most affec tionate and trustworthy of servants, there will be a heavy reckoning between us on my return." So saying, he half led, half carried his wife to the mail phaeton, and taking the reins from the feeble, blear-eyed groom who held them, the two powerful horses thundered along the grass-grown avenue, and disappeared, from view in the gather ing gloom of the November night. Margaret passed a weary, sleepless night, and the following day dragged its leaden hours along, each one marked by an ever-increasing anxiety and dread on the part of the faithful servant. Another sad night had . given place to a wild storm-drenched morn, and though Margaret knew that she might soon ex pect the return of her beloved mistress, still she could not overcome the feelings of doubt and trouble which oppressed her. She had been anxiously glancing at the clock, and had paid many futile visits to the moss-grown avenue, hoping to see the carriage returning, but all to no purpose ; and she was sitting despondently down to her tea when the kitchenmaid entered, saying that a little boy from the village had come to get a drop of brandy for his grandmother, who was mortal' bad with spasms. " Very well, Martha," replied the house keeper, rising from her untastcd meal, " send the child in here." , She was filling a small bottle with the desired spirit when thelittlefellow entered. A smiling, rosy, light-haired boy gener ally, now his red lips were quivering ner vously, and his ruddy cheeks had'' paled to a livid hue. ; : :r . " What is the matter, Bobby ?" asked the housekeeper, kindly. " Is the grand mother very bad ?" "Yes, please, missis." stuttered the boy ; " but it isn't that I've been a-crying for, please I've seen a ghost !" " A ghost, Bobby — where ?" asked Margaret, with difficulty repressing a smile.' ' !'v " I came through the north gates, please, missis, and there it was, sure enough, up at that barrcd window in the empty lodge, a tall thing all in white, a-wringing of its hands and a-crying awful, so it were ?" " Are you quite sure, Bobby ?" asked Margaret, who had turned deadly pale. "Sure enough, ma'am; it,, were a-call- ing out like anything, and waving some thing white indts:handi" Margaret waited for no more. Hastilj putting the bottle m the boys hand, and catching up a thick shawl, she hurried put into the kitchen, calling loudly for the two servants to follow her. , She hardly knew what she dreaded as, with fleet foot steps, she hurried along the grass-grown terrace, out into the weedy, desolate north avenue, which, with its magnificent un- pruncd trees meeting over her head, led to the deserted lodge. Her dim fears and forebodings sud denly assummed a ghastly shape. It was the hapless Lady Lancaster standing at the barred window of the deserted habitation, frantically waving her hand kerchief, in the vain hope of attracting attention in that lonely spot. Fortunately the framework of the win dow had rotted away, and with the assist ance of the stout servant girls Margaret soon succeeded in breaking the bars away, and an entrance was effected into the empty apartment, where, wrapped in her ermine mantle, her only protection : against the bitter cold and penetrating damp of that gloomy chamber, the wretched Gillian crouched upon the floor, : with wildly dilated eyes and ghastly \- -visage.- ' Margaret caught her .unhappy mistress in her strong arms, and burse into a flood of agonised tears as she folded her to her breast. " Run for your life to the village, Martha," she exclaimed, '' and fetch Dr. Bellamy and your mother. Tell him to come in his close carriage. I will remain here with her ladyship till you return." At the sound of -the familiar voice Lady Lancaster raised her head and looked at her faithful servant with agonised eyes. " I am so cold, Margaret, so faint. Have I been here long ? Take me home." " Who brought you here, my lady ?" asked Margaret, scarcely able to speak for weeping. " Sir Malise forgot something, and left me here while he went back for it," vaguely replied Gillian, and again re lapsed into unconsciousness. In about half an hour the welcome : sound of wheels broke upon the watchers' . ears, and bursting with curiosity the little doctor bustled into the empty house, i A few words soon explained the state r of the case, and very tenderly, thougl: with an ominous glitter in his kindly ) eyes, Dr. Bellamy assisted Margaret tc \- carry the insensible form of her mistres; \- to the carriage. 1 As they reached the side entrance t< the mansion they met the aged groom leading away the mail phaeton and pair in which Sir Malise had left home. " Is the master back, Hopkins ?" asked Margaret, hurriedly as she descended from the doctor's brougham. "Yes, sure," replied the man, "he's just come home. He asked me if her ladyship had got back — said she left him in Fairchester, I understood," added the old man, vaguely. " The villain!" cried Margaret. There's a bitter punishment in store for him if I mistake not." And so saying, she assisted to carry the ill-fated Lady Lancaster to her own apartment. Four-and-twenty hours later a sad group were gathered round Lady Lan caster's bedside. It was a magnificent apartment — two tall windows draped in purple velvet, the doors, the window frames, and lofty inantlepiece most richly carved, the great carved bedstead was hung with rich velvet, its white satin lining somewhat yellowed by the hand of Time. Upon the costly lace-trimmed pillows Gillian Lancaster lay dying. Yes ; the fiat has gone forth, and the hours of the hapless lady were numbered. One snowy arm was flung over a tiny babe, who, wrapped in a rich azure satin mantle, lay peacefully slumbering by the side of its dying mother. On Dr. Bellamy's kind face there was a stern, set expression, as he spoke ir hushed tones to the well-nigh heartbroker woman who stood watching her belovec mistress in anguish too deep for words. (To be continued.) Decline of Man.— Nervous Weakness, Dys pepsia, Impotence, Sexual Debility, cured by "Wells' Health Renewer." At Druggists. Moses Moss & Co., Sydney, Agents. Holloway's Pills. — In the complaints pecu liar to females these Pills are unrivalled. Their use by the fair sex has become so constant for the removal of their ailments that rare is the toilet that is without them. Amongst all classes, from the domestic servant to the peeress, uni versal favour is accorded to these renovating Pills ; their invigorating and purifying properties render them sale and invaluable in all cases ; they may be taken by females of ail ages for any disorganization or irregularity of the system, speedily removing the cause and restoring the sufferer to robust health. As a family medicine they are unapproachable for subduing the mala dies of young and old. How to Preserve Our Lives.- Eat in moderation. Let your food be substantial, well- cooked, and your table free from highly spiced dishes and exciting condiments. Keep regular hours and habits, take generous exercise, seek the air where it is purest, avoid unnecessary exposure, work without excess, and interlard all with draughts ot Wolfe's Schnapps. Be sure you obtain Wolfe's Schnapps. When the brain is wearied, the nerves unstrung, the muscles weak, use Hop Bitters as made by American Co. Read. 