MIL LEL MISSION OHU&OH.; The opening of tho new Mission Church at Mil Lei took place on Wednesday last, The Bite is on the Mingbool road, a distance of about 7 milea from Mount Gambier, and was formerly the property of Mr D. Virgo, of Mil Lei, who generously made a present of the land for religious purposes, Tho building has been erocted during the past six weeks, tho workmanship being entrusted to Mr. A, Studemann, who has been largely assisted by Mr, Virgo, who; with his usual kindneaa, carted the whole of the material required for the building, Dr Craig has tastefully laid out the grounds round the church, and planted many valuable trees and shrubs, Tho structure! though unpretending, is very.neat, The build, ingia of wood, with a galvanized iron roof, and is large enough to accommodate about 70 wor« shippers, being 21 feet by 16. tha elevation of the walls 13 feet, with an arched ceiling about 6 feet higher, It rests partly on a stone found ation, so as to raise it a littlo from the ground, and is very compact and comfortable looking, The interior is neatly arranged, Thoro are benohea on either sido of tho churoh, leaving space down the centre, and at end of the build* ing are placed the reading desk, the communion table, and a small harmonium well adapted to the sizo of the titructurel Ovor tho communion tabic on the east end of tho churoh i8 an arch formed by the words " Holiness to the Lord " in black velvet letters, in tho centre of tho arc)', a black velvet shield with a golden crown, at the back of the table is a reredos of blue with gold stars, surmounted by a text "Glorv ^ lottera on a ohocolate ground. Soveral othe;. texts adorn the walls, and tha windows are shaded with crimson curtains. Tho coat of the structure and furniture; is reckoned at about £04, with the addition of £20 wortn of presents making'in all 4(114, Of this is m hand, leaving only £27 to ba made up, which will probbafy bo done within tho next three months, The church owes its reflection chiefly to Br, Lraig, but for whose labors it would not hoy? be erected, and also to tho donor of the land i but thoro are several othei persons who have come forward with valuable gift* whioh lessened the expense.. Tho reading clc.sk waa presented byMw* Craig, the communion plate by Mr, and Mra, A. Lienau, a chair by Mra. Davieon# the harmonium by Dr. Woraley-Powell. tha ourtains and table cloth by Mr. E. Butler matting for tho floor by Mr. J. Rowan, acloclc ^e8saj>. Mi?sea Hobart, and whilo the atouo employed was tha gift of Mr. John Powell, Tho'texts and reredos were the work of Dr. and Mrs. Craig and Mr. H, Howland. Misa Leake, formerly of Glencoe, has undertaken to work an altar cloth for the church, Sovoral ladies have also kindly provided Biblea and other books for the use of the Sunday school, _ Tho church now stands only m want of a suitable bell to summon wor~ snipers to service, and it may be hoped that W viowof the charaoter of tho building tho ixiouoy reuuired for thia purposo will speedily bo mdo up, 1 ho structure is for mission nuepoaeff,. and Sunday school will be hold regularly, while on tho fourth Sunday m oach month Church of Lngland services will bo held there. Mr. W Shanasy will be tho aupcfiiAteadont of tlie Sun day Bchool, -» At 1 o'clock ftn Wednesday tho paonlo began to assemble on the spot, and bofore lonir a large number both from tho neighbourhood and visitors from the Mount arrived, and Mr. Virgo a houso paddocks presented a gay and busy scene, being filled with crieketora, children playing various gamoa, and enjoying the swings which Mr. Virgo had thoughtfully provided, whilo older folks viewed tho church and grounds. At 4 o'clock tea waa held in Mr. Virgo's barn, I ho tea was chiefly provided by Mrs. Virgo, and. a few ladiea of tho neighbourhood, Mrs, Craig also providing a table, livery kind care, had been taken by Mr, and Mrs. Virgo fwthei comfort and enjoyment of their gueata. Thei tea lasted for two houra, £0 (is, 6d. h&toft; taken at tho door, At 6 o'clock the opening serviqo in tho churcb was held. It was begun by a hymn and dedicatory prayer, after which l>r, Crate shortly addressed those present. Ho roinuul? A the congregation that they ought to ho IhaD^M that God had permitted them to buUd U\, t1 at little houso to His honor, 1 The idea of erecting the; ytructur'., had oo. cuned several years previ^alp to tb.e residents and also to gentlenim from Mo<imt Gambier the land, and ttt tho other laJiea imcTJentlmnnn who. fad assisted with gX Ho akoSed btftemnle^of'tho Vm were ea"h'oue to Do teinples of tho Holy Ghost, to lovo and honor the little church in their midst, taking as their motto in life and oharaeter, " liolineas to l':n . , how small an amount f l' remained to be made up in the expenses of building, the> people of Mil Lei ought to bo very thankful that the affair had been ao suc cessfully earned out, Thero wa« a matter that ho wished to im press upon those present, and that waa that the church was to bo in the midst of thero as & wit" nesa of united missionary enterprise, and was not built specially for the Church of England, nor for any other denomination, but as a church for all, that it was the Church of Christ, and he trusted that all who preached there would faithfully preach Christ. Mr, John Powell briefly bore testimony (after a few words of greeting to the Mil Lei people) to the pleasure it had given him to be present to witness tho opening of a churoh in that locality, Althougn tho building was small it would be very beneficial to those residing in the neighborhood. Ho joined with Dr. Craig in thanking Mr, Virgo for hia gift and expressed the hope that before long this littlo building would bo out of debt. Several hyiuns wero sung during the evening; and recitations and readings given by Mr lalkiner MrS' ^ Mia3 Cr^'» anc* Mi^g After the service aoveral giftawore handed in. makmg the whole proceeds of the day. £13. The proceedings, which were-very pleasant terminated^8,30pm, AfterwbidTRS carnages made a start for home, followod by the ommbue, most kindly lent by Mr, Ehret, 