EPSOM AND FLEMINGTON. A kkverie ev globe trotter. A raco mooting! What a supremo effort of human skill and of equina labor is epitomised in those three little words ! What hopes, what fears, what passion, what pleasure, what pain, what joy, what despair agitato tho anxious hearts beating on that crowded racecourse ! Into a moment seom to bo crowded tho expe riences of a life time, and, as a flash, all is over, and jockeys aud traiuors, Sisyphus like, commence their labors anew. No classes seem to bo unrepresented, for following close upou tlie vice regal turn but comes a modest vehicle containing our friend Detective Watch with an unwilling companion ; and see ! surely that figure in the semi clerical, semi sporting garb is tlio Kov. who preached to U3 so eloquently a few Sundays ago on run ning so that wo might obtain? Well, he has as good a right to lie present as you or I, and his companion, tho popular lecturer, has no doubt gone to pick up character, for, as Douglas Jerrold onue ob served on a similar occasion, a good doal lias boon dropped in tlie locality. Let us, liko them, fall iu with the humor of the moment, and defer tho crossing of tho mighty ocean until to- morrow. Tho animal that cannot adapt itsoif to its environments, evolutionists tell us, must perish, unless it provide itself with fresh ones, and I for ono admire thu mind which can assimilate itself to its surrounding conditions, and derivo pleasure aud instruction there from. On my way back from tho Flemington course, the points of resemblanco aud dissimi larity between an English and an Australian racecourse naturally occurred to mo, it having been my good fortuno during sovo- ral consecutive years to enjoy the hospitality of a gontlemna who resided iu an historical man sion on the summit of the hill commanding tho Epsom racecourso from tho south, anil who kept opou konso during tho Derby week. How well I remember on ono occasion, after dining with tlio Drapers, reaching Epsom at tho mid night hour, and walking thenco over across tho course to tlio pretty villago of Will- ton on tlio Hill! Hero and thero a drowsy group wero bivouacing round a smouldering fire, aud tho snores of prostrate sleepers "dossing if under hedges were drowned by tlio voices of the nightingales, whose gush of liquid melody filled tha air. Next morning at fivo out I sally, and aftor knocking over a rabbit or two to accentuate tho anathema hurled against thoso who rise up early in tlio morning, stroll down to tho course to seo thu gallops. Tho faint cobwebs attri butable to tho Throgmortou-street 1834 port aro brushed away by tho pure morning air of tho Down®, and vanish like foul spirits exorcised by a saint. Tho all pervading stillness, broken only by the occasional crrteendo thuds of tho hoofs of a racer passing liko n flitting ghost, which dio away in the distance, affords a solemn contrast to tiio roar of thousands of voices so soon to succeed, and by aud byo tho iucreasiug number of groups in motiou, aud a personal sensation of hunger warn' mo that it is getting ou towards break fast time, and I return to my quarters. Tho forenoon is devoted to lawn tennis, and after lunch waggonettes and tax carta aro put into requisition for tho course, a sito oil which it selected with tlie double object of enabling the ladies to see tho racing and tho keeping them aloof from tho blackguardism of tha ring aud hill. Wo are not so far away, however, as to escape tlie visits of specialists whose faces are familiar to all raco meetings and whom we have soeu so often as to havo grown quito fond of them. Here comes tbo Arabian athlete, who pulverises flint rocks with his fist, and, hurling tho raw potato into tho air, smashes it into pieces by interposing his pato to intercept itsdcsccnt. To him succeeds the dissipated young man whose art consists in tossing a hat aloft which unerringly settles oil his head, he singing a comio song tho while. Next coines tho naughty hussy whose ono song, Silver Threads among the Golden, is the prelude to the proffur of a largo sholl into which you aro commanded, rathor than invited, to cast a coin. Gypsies, photographers, nigger minstrels, and boxing boys look in upou us, and, the first race over, tho bulk of the malo portion of the party wend their way to the hill, chat with "White-beaded Bob," Billy Baldwin or Tom Pickanell ; crack bottles of champagne with the Heavies, and exchange notes with tho Yorkshire division, who always muster strong during tho Epsom week, ou that last cracker with the Brninhatn Moor Hounds, tho host thing for Doncaster, or the chance of meeting in Suther land during tho autumn, and walking ovor the Gitalin to Cape Wrath. Next wo visit the ring, filled with howling book makers, who will accommodate you to any amount at a prico ; lay 10 to 1 bar one, and absolutely let you command your own terms with regard to some of those outsiders. The laet event having been a bookmakers' race, our friends the Pontefract Infant, Mr. Falshaw, and other aristocrats of the fraternity are affable and con descending. After a stroll through tho paddock we return to our party, who havo been dis covered by a detachment attired in dust coats and racing glasses, for wh03d refreshment the hampers indispensablo to the occasion are being v'iroaehed. Tho butler is doing his duty like a Hi au, aud tho champagne corks are ricocheting off tho panels and playing fitfully over tho fc-ati ires of the guests. As the day proceeds the fun , grows faster. Your country gentle man, i.'f tk right sort, in his moments of relai "ation is sportive as a kitten, and the in ember for a riding or a borough may be soeu play ins up for the milky cocoznut and hurling miss lies at Aunt Sally with as much vindictivcnesa a9 if f k member for Birming ham himself 6t 00(i before him. These pastimes are, however, ii iterrupted by tbo awful calm which precedes- tiie great event of tho day. A serried lino of i>o!\ forces the unwilling crowd to either side, intercepts the adventurous sportsmen who, liko iatting politicians, wish to change their party at t.ko last momeut, and at tempt to cross the coui.se, and a human wall, solid as masonry, its forirjed against tho rails. Like a swanu oi bntterfliv,> tbe gay colors Hit past tho grand stand in their preliminary cantor, and the field is formed up at the Dur- dan s corner for tho start. Suddenly a roar of voices ascends from tho course. They're off ! No 1 The flag has not fallen nor has the bell rung. It is tho Derby dog, the wretched canine scapegoat who is annually launched to atone for the sin and folly of the day. Bewil dered by the howls of derision which greet his appearance, the terrified bruto tears down the straight, setting at naught tho efforts of tho constabulary to arrest him. Wiiat his ultimato fate may ho no ono knows or cares, for tho ringing of a bell accelerates tho .pulsations of cvesy heart, and the mighty crowd feci an emotion similar to that shared by horses, men and dogs aliko at tho finding of a fox. Podasokus comes to tho front, but quickly falls back into tho ruck. You might cover them with a sheet Up they go, still all together, pass the furzes aud round Tattenham Corner into tho straight Now the clamor, which has calmed down somewhat since the start, deepens into a furious roar, tho principal ejaculations composing which reach us from tiino to timo. "Yorick shows the way!" "No, Gas passes him 1" " Fivo to two against Hospi tality!" " Public Opinion wins!" "Tho favor ite 1 tho favorito 1" Hats and pigeons are pitched into tho air, tho gay colors o'ertop the surging crowd, and Arclior or Fordham stands a chanco of being torn out of thesaddlo and suffocated by the embraces of his ardent admirers. Tho rest of the day isan anticlimax. 4Vo return to the Place as wo came. Another and another similar day succeeds, tho conclu sion of tho week showing the Downs tenanted by littlo moro than a beggarly account of broken bottles and waste paper. How doos this com pare with a great racing mooting in Victoria ? Moll, my conclusion is that Callnm, non anknum mutant, qnl trans mare currant, and that tho main features of tho two are sub stantially tho same. Tho samo motives attract tho crowds both to Epsom and Flemington, the principal being tho love of sport and tlio desire of gain. Whether, however, from a preponderance of Caledonian blood, or from a moro serious and intense peronption oi tho gravity of tho issues, tho Antipodal Isthmian games aro moro sober and sedato than tho30 of tho mother country, and those who assist in them appear to abandon themselves les3 to tho caprice of tho moment, and to bo mora actuated by tha lovo of haviug which urges Ceoropean bees. Hook iu vain for tho "ham fatters," who, in striped ga lb, discourso tbeir minstrelsy to the accompaniment of hones and banjoes, and apart from tlio strains of Hcrr Zolman's baud, the ouly music I hoard worthy of tlio name dur ing tho Melbourne Cup emanated from tho ingenious minstrels of tlio Bnsilicata, who per form tho swan soug of the dying IOdgardo from the score of Muritnua. No horsey </««.« sport ing character in velveteens and corduroys ad jures gentlemen's sons to invest a penny in throo cud :o!s and play up for tho milky. No appeals are hoard to try a "strawng stond for sixpence," tho voice of tho purso vendor is hushed, aud the " ladies' tormentors" leavo tlio fair sex alono. Othor inducements to part with coin aro not wanting, and tho bookmakers, alboit not attired in those marvellous patent rovorsiblo coats, which, when turned at tho closo of nil adverse ovent ouabio tho wolsher to march off unmolested with tho spoils of a confiding public, ply their trade as at home, offering 4 to 1 bar ouo, or 2 to 1 against the favorite. The fool may part with his money to his heart's contont, and tho truth of tho maxim so ela-sically rendered by the Tichborne claimaut, is proved beyond dis pute : " Some men has plenty money nud no brains, aud some men lias plenty brain3 and no money. Surely the men with plenty money and no brains was made for tlio moil with plenty brains and no money." Captain Rook and Mr. Pigoon aro present on this as on every other racecourse, and littlo Tom Quaver, who "does" tho musical notices for tho Juno under the nam tie plume of Harpsichord, and who lately edified his readers by describing tho Hailstone Chorus as " a sub- limo fugue, in which melody is piled upon har mony until tho entranced ear, glutted with tho acoustic picture, swoons with rapture during tlio concluding cadences," would call the tho scouo a symphony in sharps and flits, lightened by tho introduction of countless nccidontals. In this latter category must bo classed thoso who care neither for sport nor gambling, and of whom tho satirist said fjicetarc non remunl, ted tpectcutur ut ipsae (mark tlio insidious gender), else why that gorgeous robe of stamped crimson plush and tho pink and olive green combination ? This placid dame is of thesort who replies to her husband's exclamation, "They're off?" They're off?" with "Aro they, dear? Won't you havo somo pie?" Nor aro tlio ladies tho solo visitors who bow down in the house of Rimmon without any ardont belief in his cult, for surely that speci men of thoj'euncs.ie doree, who strolls beforo us in swagger costume is got up for tho occa sion, from his glossy "tiio" to his patent leather " toothpicks," rather as an Adonis than an Acticon. Sauntering to tho flat wo find tho Golden Gato well patronised by a thirsty crowd, and I cannot but notice tho simi larity between it and tho beer saloons under neath Langland's. Tho insida edgo of tho course proper holds so fow votaries of sport when compared with tho grandstand and tho hill as to suggest the reflection that whother or not in conscquonce of protecting its inherent resources tlio colony is wonderfully well off, and scorns to see sport gratis. " What 1 No ono says a cooler ?" Fall iu Now Chum, get your gee, and let us hack away to oar Melbourno quarters. 