tfHUte uml (Bmte. Grand Temperance Demonstration to \bs held here on Queeu'sgBirthday May' 25th. Tue Puppy ? t -kes to b 1 run on Hindmai'sh Island on tbe 25 h inst. Elections to-. furrow — Baker, Tompkinson, and West Erskino. Messrs. Fraser and Darling addressed the electors of Biyth on Tuesday afternoon. The British Government bas chartered eievcn ursi-cidss transports xor me convey ance of troops to India. The Adelaide Hunt Club have offered their services as scouts in the exenx of war] being declared. 105,000 galions of wine have been made at Augastou this season. Lady Kobinson aud Miss Kobiuson, accom panied uy taeir Private Secretary, passed through here on Tuesday last, en route for Melbourne. Dr. Joyce has offered the Government the eye aud Ear lio-pital for tbe wounded iu the event of war breaking out. Tbe Australian Federation Enabling Bill was read in the House of Lords for a third time ou Friday night last, and will be shortly introduced iu the House of Commons. Two thousand men are to embark fjr Bombay on board India steamers of tbe Peninsular and Oriental Company. General Sir Gerald Graham inspected the Mew South Wales coutiugent again ou Tuesday morning and expressed himself highly pleased with their efficiency. The fallowing are tbe wiuuers uf the Haw ker races which were held ou Tuesday last Maidens, Priuce Lea ; Hurdles, Lightning ; Hawker Hautricap, Exile; Farmers' Purse, Netley ; Consolation Stakes, Joskin ; aud ttie Hacks was won by Playboy. Captain Miller of the steamer Britannia and Captain Jewell of the Inflexible weie fined £8 10s and £17 10s at the Sydney Water Police Court ou Tuesday last for overloading tbe steamers on Easter Monday. Ttie rifle mate lies in connection witb the S. A. Kifld Association commenced on Tuesday at the rauge near Henley Beach the first match was wou by J. H. iiobertson, beating Allan McFarlane, jau., of Welling ton by one point Dr. Taylor, the celebrated physiologist, who will arrive by tbe next French mail boat, will begin his lecturing tour in Ade laide. '1 he passengers travelling between Adelaide aud Victor iiarfcor have no need to change either here or a: Goolwa. Gc-ueral Lord Wolseley, who arrived at Suakim from Cairo on Saturday list, has announced his inteutiou of inspecting the New South Wales contingent before bis departure. The vote of credit to tbe amount of £11,000,000 wbich was proposed by tbe Government last week for the Soudan cam paign aud completing tbe military preparations iu view of tlie contingency of hostilities witb Kussia, was finally curried iu the House ol Commons ou Monday night last, iu spi'e of tbe opposition of tbe Paruellite section. It is believed tbat Denmark will be asked to aibitrate upon the matters at issue between England and Kussia. brigadier Oweu arrives by the mail steamer Albany early to-morrow morning. Mr. Goode bas bceu appoiuted Chairman of the Pas.or.il B.-ard. Barnes, who was fouud guilty of the murder of J. Ii. black in Melbourne, will be executed ou tbe 12tn of this moulh. A patriotic fund iias been started at Port Augusta 10 pay tor tlie uniforms of tbe voluu teers. 661,731 seres of land leased for £9,152 14s. Yesterday afternoo j when the. train was just leaving Goolwa a cow belonging to Mr. Smiui was run over by the engine. A lug gage trucK was thrown off the line, aud a delay of about a quarter-of-an-hour was oe casioued. Mr. Kerslake had a smash on the Sander grove road on Saturday last. Ilis horse shied and bolted with tbe trap,.- pitching. Mr. K^-rsiake and another occupant out. No damage wbs done, except to tne trap, which' was considerably smashed. Air. i'lms, late station master at the Fiu niss, died there on Tuesday last. The Templar picnic proaiises to be a big affair. Ttie following are the winners of the S .A. J. G. Meeting at Flemiugton ou Saturday iMi, Firm Hurdle Kace, Sir Patrick; St Leger Stakes, The Broker ; Goodwood Handi cap, Lauiern 1, Lord Wilton 2, Tbe Ghost 3; sires Produce Stakes, Juanna ; and the Vic toria Handicap was won by Pyrette. The result of the cruaning at tbe New Era Mine, Woodside. for tbe last four weeks was 244 oz. The result of the football matches in Adel aide ou Saturday last were — South Adelaides scored 4 goals 11 bebinds, to Port Adelaides, 3 goals 3 behind- ; ana the Norwoods score : 6 goals IS bebiu is, to the Adelaides, 1 goal | 5 behiods. 1 Koberts ha- accepted Davi^on's ch\i :ngi- | .o ru-i 101.1, lou, uii.l 20 I }ar-i, tor £-7 -i aid'. I aud tbe championship uf tue co .mry, to bs luu ou the Adelaide oval ou tbe 23 :n of this inontb. Biach has offered to row Teenur for £1000 a Ride, aud trill allnvr ibe Amenciu sculler £20t - to pay expenses to come io ??sydaey. Messrs. l'etc & Co. are tbe successful tenderers for building the new arcade in Hobart is to be made a coaling statiou for the Australian Squadron. Tbe whole of the police force except four have enlisted for service in the volunteer force. The total wheat export of Port Augusta for April was 276,918 bushels, the value being £46,879 The intercolonial lawn tennis match be tween Victoria and New South Wales was played in Sydney last week, resulting in a win for the former. The subscriptions towards the aquatic tes timonials amounts to £1,800 for Beach, £555 for Hanlan, £410 for Messenger, and £47 for Laycock. Private Robert Weir of the New 'South Wales infantry, died at Suakim on Friday last of dysentry. The anuual commemoration of the Sydney University took place on Saturday last, there being a verv large audisucn present The schooner Flirt, belonging to H. P. Pal sen, of Sydney, was wrecked at Navigator's Group last week. A chess match bet wee i Mallalaa nd Gawler Chess Clubs was played at Mallala on Friday night last, resulting iu a win for the former. Polo races at Morphetville on Saturday nxet. The Barque Oceania, wbich sailed from Ade laide to Wellington, New Zealand, struck on a rock near Tera white. Tbe vessel sank but all the crew were saved. She was valued at £4,000, and was insured for £1,000. The Queen who has beeu spending siraa months at Aix-les-Bains has returned to En gland. xMr. Blackburne, the English chess cham pion, is expected to arrive in Adelaide to-day. A volunteer rifle corps has been formed at Port Pirie. Ffty persons have joined. A gentleman at Gawler who could not en roll himself as a volunteer, has presented £20 to the company. The number of passengers arrived at Fort Adelaide by sea during the week, ending Saturday, May 2nd, was 310 ; the number left was 501. The Hotham footballers, from Victoria, played a match at Gawltr against the Albion Football Club on Tuesday last, resulting in a win for the Victorians by 4 goals 12 beuinds to 1 goal 5 behinds. The Protector has a crew now numbering over 100 sailors. Amongst them are seven boys from the R-iformanatory Hulk. Messrs Baker, Tomkinson, and West Erskine are the candidates fur the Southern Division Elections to take place to-morrow. Typhoid fever still at Carrietou. Forty five cases of fever have occurred, and eight of this number wcr fa, it. A cadet corps to be formed at the Prince Alfred College. 