The Ministerial Tourists at Townsvillo. The Premier lias delivered his ffrat ad dreas on his present tour to an nuclieoco not' absolutely in nymp*t]ijr \yitb nil ho Biiid. To the gentle ripples of di»aent we may owe it tlwt Mr. Gfiffith gave an nnequirocal force .to his utterance* onthetopica which he introduced. Ilia figjutes to prove that the northern dis tricts had received their ahsre oC' public | money did not fidmit a contrndic:ory reply. Had they been less conclusive it would have remained open to him ito ehow that it is. iaposeible'' tpi„ horn a perfectly even balmice every year. ,.ia, t-ho distribution of public money. ' 'Whj-t, for instance, is tho basis on whioh it ia tb bo made ? Failing to get & larger slice of the good things of the Treasury on the Imsm of popu lation wo may see somo deeply injured community resting their claims oil the acreage of their land and the number nf their cattle. If more money has to be spent - at the oontre than along tbo line of the circumstance no injustice is done. Thero are persons who think that it matters little. about keeping the heart vrarm if they can apply plenty of friction to the' extremi ties Tho Promier caught kis hearers by appealing to their sense of justice if tho northern territories were made a colony, with Townsvillo at its head. ' 'What would you do,' said Mr. (3-riffith, 'for Bowes. r' And lie played wiih their fears by asking,' ' Suppose Bowen were the capital, what would sho do for you ?' Separation is not an im probability, but it will have to wait foe tho fulness of tip^e. The question of coloured labour generally stands clear of tho par ticular case recently investigated by Boyal Commission. Standing amongst ma jiy parsons more or less interested in the wrongful recruiting of the boys from New Guinea and its neighbour hood the Premier had the moral cour age to say it was a bad job. Every man of reason, not personally in terested, will applaud him, and' others will, in their cooler moments, be thank ful, if not merry, to think that there is at the head of affairs a man wi$h the etourago of his convictions. Any other public mail in Queensland might have' .done tho same, but the poitilr is that the gentleman who happens to be at .the head of tho Government cow has 'done it. The question of alienating' nliljlions of . acres of land to remune rate persons williny to construct a;.; riiilway . across . this country, lias agdtn cropped up. with all the unwelcome features of a ghost that ? .we thought had been for ever laid to r est. ' The Premier called attenticfci to the wakeful dogs that are watching their opportunity to rush in. It is weil that they have the gift of a large patience. At present those who won are laughing, and they are the mem in possession. The two main points of ilie Premier's speech will probably be referred to again by him, and may therefore wait for remark by us. The hilarity of the receptions has a some what ludicrous aspect, but it maybe. Misused ®n the ground that Townaville doos not .see a P«me Minister every day. 