SNORTING NEWS. SPORTING NOTES. B Y FLANEUR. Betting has been lively during the last three days, and it ban been of an all- round character. Some big Darby and Cup beta have been regis tered, and a few hundreds have gone on the double as to which boro will be top weight and what the top weight will be.; My champion dreamer has dreamed a dream. It is that a horse named Ghost will win the Indies’Trophy et Caulfield on Saturday. Asa Ghost baa done the trick twice before those who believe in the’supernatural had better be pre pared to lose a pound or two. The owner of Olivette was so disgusted with her performance at Moonee on Saturday that he parted with her for a brace of fivers. Mr Tho»; Hayden informs me that his “Indi cator'’ will be ready for the Grand National at Elstemwiok. lam told that there are four or five dark horses in the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups which are being steadily backed by their re spective stables. Three of the sable customers have been doing the “some other day” business for a few months past. I can inform a couple of the stables that they will be surprised when they see their cargoes pnb'ished, and they will also regret undue baste in backing tbeir Africans. In horseraoing as in - ostrich chasing. The latter bird when it implants its bugle in the sand evidently believes that the balance of its unatomy is secure from observation or attack. The “wait till the money’s on” crowd fre quently imagine that because nothing is said or done when a bye has been rnn that the bendi capper has not observed the performance. In a few days certain scales will tio removed from the visual organs of several “waits" by the other weights being on a bigger scale. A rare old sport, who always strips to win, tells mo that he will run bis pen through his horses’ names if the bandiespper treats them as. severely as he has been doing of late. I feel satisfied in this instance that the weights will be under rather than over expectation. ' ■ Some few days ago I mentioned the fact that the V.A.T.C. contemplated building a stand for the patrons of the fiat. They have now decided to do so, and down goes the money and np'goes the stand. ■ ■ : : , : Mr Clibborn is ’steadily on the mend. All being well he will be over for the Y.E.C. Grand National meeting. . It is rumored that the omission of Weloome Jack’s name from theUelbourne Cap. bus resulted in an appeal to a'ms, in which four arms were called into requisition,-and bad.duelling days not. been ,of the past,. firearms would moat probably have been handled. The stakes for the Wyndham. Steeplechase have not- yet been paid over.’ The stewards have awarded tbe.raco to Sir Samuel, but tho owner of Deceiver has lodged a protest. Pro bably the V.R.C. will bo asked to decide tho 'matter,.,, . Bhgwodd bas oleared for India, and Sir Pat rick will follow him shortly. Occasionally the ring pots some hard knocks. Austin Saqui and Tom Coker got a couple re cently.; Austin’s buggy came men collision with a ’bus, Austin gut thrown out snd was severely injutpd. Coker’s horse slipped, and Coker was shot out of bis gig, and having the misfortune to light against a lamppost, several of his ribi were fractured. ; . A. P. Bradshaw, an old sporting and a good square sport at tbat/. is laying out a training track at Mordialloc. He has secured a lease of J 250 acres, and intends to .go in for training exclusively. E. K. Maitland, the Indian buyer, has taken his departure, with his recent purchases, for the east. On hie return it is probable be will t ike up his permanent residence in Melbourne. On Saturday m inting I hope to give readers a couple of straight griffins for the Hurdle and Steeplechase. 