| CONSIDER THE LILIES. lo the Editor of the Protestant Standard. Sir,— By your, favor I was enabled lately to show 'that the Oardinalato is not only un in stitution of mon, but a relic or heritage of Pagan Babylonianism— a systom of - idolatry which was for agos an abomination to God. I now sock to addrosB my follow protestants upon tho shows and pageants festivals, spooehos, and sormons connectod with its establishment in Australia. Many weak and unloarnod Protestants will, think the simple worship to which they havo boon -rearod — vory bald, in comparison to tho gorgeous ; display of scarlot robos;- of gold and preeipus stones, the incenoo and- sensuous music - and imposing. .processions,' which arc-dangerously attractive to all who prefer - sensationalism in worship to- worshiping God- who is - a spirit in spirit and in truth. , - , - - If Romo bo as. sho protends, -the church of the living God — has all this ritual — been appointed, by tho Lord Jesus Christ, with -the same exact ness of its every minutiro that God directed tho Tomplo worship of his anciont peoplo tho Jows ? Neither Cardinal nor bishop who preached, nor j the lay fiivttoror who spoke, condoscond to toll us. But on- the contrary 'was it not tho Cardinal priest .himself who .-spoke of "trying to giro porfume to -the; violet " — a singular profaoo to such an oeolosiastioal coromony. ' , - The quostion which is suggostod to -tho ob servant, mind by this display: is this — Is it intended to please God by this sotisuous ritualistio display or is it all to ploaso mon. If to ploaso God, poor and meagro must it appoar to Him -whoso hoavonly glory iwas rovoalod to the Apostle John, but who found human languago inadequate to doscribo. It is ovon poor and meagre in com parison with tho boautics of floral . nature — " Oonsidor tho Lillios," for Solomon in all his J glory was not arrayed like one of these— and the ;glorie3 of Solomon's thi'ono and court have not been' eclipsed" by the veeent ceremonial at St.. Mary's, If theso inventions are to please mm, then, tlioy are carnal, of tho onrth earthy. Taoy appear to be a compound of the - ancient Hebrew ceremonial, , and Paganism j the" latter, offensive to God, the - - former, < divine bat , toiiporary— not tho . true ; , worship of ; tho -church- of God, tbut-tho vestibule loading , to - it. ;? Liko- tho - Law, a ,divinity: -ap", pointed schoolmaster, to bring tho dovout Jew to . - Christ. , , When our .Redoomer criod out ."..It is, finished . tlio veil of ' tho Temple was rout in' twain," a. . miraculous divine symbol to shoiv that there is, to all future timo direct aecoss to God open to every ' boliover. And it is a remarkable fact : ' .that although tho .Tows are prosorvod as a soparate peoplo— tlio symbolie Temple worship eoasod from thab'-time. - Believers' arc now- God's, living Icmplcs. For tho Piipncy to: attompt an imita tion of-.' that mode of worship which God has superseded;' is ; to.- profer- twilight to? noon-day. And they symbolise thoir folly by burning eandlos, whoso light is rondorod. darkness by .the: superior, light of day. - Tho figure of the violet used by thoir proacher, may -bo used against thorn histpricaUy-—troad upon, crush tho violet, it. gives forth perfume- — many a saint of God, have they attempted to crush— -but from the torturo and the stake— the victim has given forth tho sweet perfume of the life of Jesus that dwelt in Him. Strange too was the quotation of the preacher (rom tho promises of Christ, " Wliero two or three aro gathored in my name there am I in thoir, 'midst, "'-how cotild'tliat proiniso fit itito that frortreous eeremonv. with its nomn and multitude. It reminds mo that ; I havo read that' onco a year the Pope himsolf partako3 of the Lord's supper in : tho same simple manner as even Plyuaouth Brethren — his doing so is a silent '.pro- tost 'against?, the .idolatrous .'ceremony .of- tho. Mass- by. which, tho Papal church, pf- .which ho is tho head, is distinguished — shewing that lie under- - stands the .divine simplicity of that ordinance — although ho publicly practises the revorsc — to tho - groat pecuniary profit of the priests. - A few words about the priests and tho as sembled multitude : Our divine Lord compared the Pharisees to ' whited sepulchres — outwardly boautiful — inwardly full of dead men's bones. Those' who composed that vast assemblage may not be worse than other men of tho world. But Is tho: apparent- exalted devotion of thoir ornate worship in accordance with the voice of their daily ilivos? ean tho most charitable observers who. witness their general worldliness, tho 1 profanity < of many — ungodliness.- of,. all — -dare to say that they are mon renewed by the power of thoHoly : Ghost and thus mado members of Christ's church. If not, tlioy have net even scon the Kingdom of God. - Yet priests and peoplo claim to constitute the only true church — the Bride of Christ. Alas it is but, a lingo whitod sepulchre spreading, its shadows ovor the whole world. The priests claim to bo successors of the apostles, particularly of Peter— yet Poter mado no suclv assumption. One of tho preachers . : quoted our Lord's words to Petor — " When thou are seonvortod 'strengthen thy brethren," did he \- mean to teach- the scriptural doctrine, that con version must precede work for Christ ?— had that priest , been converted, or is he master in Israol,- yet, not knowing those things ? — Doos tlie Cardinal - priest, or any other Prelato or priest teach the necessity of the now birth ? - 1 fear.that! the words of tho prophet Jeremiah- in 23rd chap., applies to, these gorgeously arrayed priosts — ".Behold I -ana .against them that pvophosy lying dreams (or apparitions) and do > tell them and causo my peoplo to err, by their lies and vain boasting. Yet I sent them not, nor,, commanded thom, noithor shall My word profit this people saith tho Lord." : " In the prophets of Jerusalem also, I havo soon nn horrible thing ; tlioy commit adultery and walk in lies, and they - strengthen tlie hands of evil doors; so that none - doth return from his wickedness; Thoy say continually unto them that despise mo. — the Lord- hath said, ye shall have peaeo ; and unto every one that walkothHn the stubbornoss of.his heart, tlioy, say no ovil shall come upon >o The progress of popery is not without ca by- of alarm. Our daily press, which is ownod uso , those who know better, send their -most : ac- . oomplished reportors ,to mako flattoring. and ; soductivo reports of papal ceremonies and meet- ings— such ;roports calculated to dostroy tho mental balance of somo and to olf ieo the good impressions which havo resulted from a sound protectant education' — much of tho curront scepticism will lead many to seok roposo in. Popery. ' :Wo havo'Je3uitsi on the pross and evorywhore. God Save the people. HUGUENOT. 