Cricket. Cricket Gossip. Bt Cekeob Thcy do not despair in England of having a visit from an Australian Eleven daring 1886. In fact, from what can be gleaned from all quarters, they expect it; but it is evident they are very wroth in the old country at the ill advised and mercenary conduct of the fourth Australian Eleven towards the English professionals. The following letter, which appeared in last week's Australasian, will show the feeling in England over the matter, and it will, perhaps, smite home to the conscioiceof that small clique in Sydney, who persuaded the Australians to demand ex orbitant terms from the Englishmen, and who thwarted tnem on every nana wnen uic-y saw tne position to wmcn their sinister counsels had brought our deluded cricketers. If we are to send a team, fhe Association should undertake the organisation of the affair, and see that no one is associated with it who will render the reception of our men otherwise than of a cordial character : — ' Having just arrived from England, where I heard a great deal of talk about cricket^ the coming season, and the possi bility of another Australian Eleven visiting the old country, I think it may be interesting, to the public here to let them know what the opinions are in England of our cricketers. Having visited Lord's and the Oval a few days before sailing, I baH an opportunity of conversing with many leading cricketers. The English public are veiy much dis gusted with, the way the late Australian Eleven behaved with reference to Shaw's team, and I am sadly afraid that, should any of die late Australian Eleven visit England again, their reception will be such that they will be only too glad to leave the country by first steamer. Some of the things said are very hard ; still, I must confess thev are true, and no words can be found that would sufficiently convey to the public here the utter contempt felt for the late eleven. There is one exception, however, that of Mi*. F. R. Spoffortii. The English public always made an idol of him, both in the field and out. If he visits England again . he will find himself 10 times more popular thaw he ever was, all in consequence of his conduct in the late cricketing dispute. Talking about Minthftr Australian Eleven, the criekete-s of the old country want another team over, but it must not contain any of the former players. , This they will not have, and as an Australian myself I would advise none of them to test the truth, of thin statement (with the exception of Mr. Spofforth, whose appearance in the team. is bound to make it a suc cess). in I may add thai the conduct of the late eleven, whether it was right or wrong, is greatly to be regretted, as there is no doubt that in the past they did a great deal of good for Australia.; thousands have left the old country solely throagii them, and I may say millions of money found its way here solely through their advertising the place. I know personally of no less than six firms that opened in Australia simply through our cricketers, as before they played in the old country .Australia never crossed fhwr minds. Being an old Sydneyite, I am sorry to see that the Melbourne public has now got ' the demon 'I among than, for I am told he has come to live here, and regret that New South Wales thought so little of their best friends.' The sub-committee appointed by the New South Wales Cricket Association to draw np a draft code of rules have handed in the result of their labours which, on npTf Monday evening will be discussed by a special general rnwtin^ convened for that propose, fliere are several alterations which will be warmly debated — the first one, especially : 'The management of the Association shall be vested in a committee which shall consist of the managing trustees of the Domain and Association cricket grounds, the director of the University Oval, and delegates from cricket clubs, as hereinafter provided.' It was contended at die Tnpgtiwg of the committee held on Friday night last that, if the director of the University Oval was to be represented on the committee, other cricket arenas were also entitled to a similar privilege, the grounds at Newcastle, Parramatta, im« ? fit T jar.narrjg Tying t-pfVJflUy fnpntfnTHvl , In the COUTBC of a discussion which ensued, one section of the meeting were of opinion that tbe representation of any ground over which the Association had no control should not be sanc tioned. Mr. Urquhart said that (t was a debatable question as to whether the Association had out some control over the Association Cricket Ground. The consideration of this rule and one defining the number of members each club must possess to be represented on the committee will be productive of keen debate on Monday next. It is the intention of the Junior Cricket Association to have two cup competitions next season — viz., -one for the firet-class juniors, and another for the lesser lig&tp-; In referring to the promotion of the prominent janior players to the ranks of the seniors, Mr. J. H. Clayton, at die recent junior cup presentations, said it was a most difficult matter to cull thiem, and. push them forward. He would like to see the leading clubs playing under the Junior Association voluntarily seek ariimasiofl into the senior organisations, and he was quite sure they would not disgrace themselves. It was no fault, said Mr. Clayton, of the New South. Wales Cricket Association dial junior cricket had been kept in the background. The ground belonged to the trustees, and the trustees and the Association were at loggerheads. The Association had no funds, and there fore could do nothing, but he was certain the senior Asso ciation had the interests of junior cricket st heart. Mr. H. Moore, the chairman, likewise severely animadverted upon tiie way the seniors set their faces against janior cricket, f^nad setaiin a match on the Association Craeket Ground, between the Alberts and Warwie&s;, form that would have disgraced s third-rate junior club, and during a period of three hoars there were no kss thai five changes of umpires, and, to crown all, there were only 27 spectators on the ground. The Junior Cricket Association of New South Wales embraces 40 clubs, representing 800 members, and i§ now a power in the land. Peel, the sturdy little Yorkshire bowler, who did so much execution here with Shaw's last team, was, on his return home, the recipient of a gold watch and chain, in com memoration of his success with the ball in Australia, The name of Daft, it appears, will be penjetoated in the cricket field, as Richard Daft, the famous Notts cricketer, has two sobs who are most promising players-. One is a good batsman and the other a fair bowler. EL B. Daft has already secured a place in the Notts county team. W. G. Grace still continues to keep np his cricket in a rematfeshle way. Playing for M. C. C. against Notts xeeea&jr; he distinguished himself with both bat and ball, scoring 68, the highest score of the match^ and sanaring seven wickets in the first innings for 40 runs, and Bine for 20 runs in the second innings. On May 16, J. Hunter, the well-known Yorkshire cricketer, arrived at Son borough from Australia, after an ahaenoe of a little over eight months. On Hanter'g arrival st fiie station he was met by a crowd of several hundred people, who tosk the Hone out of Ae cafeand dragged the veJucledown to Hunter's xeadesee, a bnss band heading the procession. In recoptiiaon. of the valuable t« vices rendered by .Richard, Hmnpfarey, the. eomnuttee of tbe. Suirey Ciub de tenmnal to give lum Ihe proceeds of a match 'between North and South at tbo Oval on June 25, and' two follow ing days. Humphrey, it will .be remembered, was a mem ber of W. G. Grace's Australian team, which visited Australia in 1873. A shocking collision between two players occurred recently on the Halesowen Ground, England, in the opening match of the season. Two players, m attempting to catch a ball ?which had bear thrown np in the air, came into violent collision, and one, named Dickson, had his jaw and nose broken, his teeth knocked out, and sustained other serious injuries. He was removed from the field in an in sensible state. The Conservatives will receive several acquisitions during the coming campaign — notably Spurway. from the Rydes ; Christian the principal bowler of the East Maitland Club, and rumour says Baxter and E. Clelaml will cast in their lot with the black and gold representatives. On Tuesday fining last the Oddfellows' Hall, New town, presented a gay and -animated appearance, where a crowded audience assembled to assist at ihe second annual reunion presentation of trophies to the successful winners of the Waratah C. C. for the seasons 1SS4 and 1885\. The first part of the programme commenced with songs, &c.;, by the Sao Amateur Minstrels, who kindly gave their valuable services to the club. During the intermi&aon; the trophies, which were very elegant in design, were pre sented by Mr. J. Goddard, Mayor of Macdonaldtown, the performance concluding with the farce of a ' Ghost in a Pawnshop,' Mr. M'Beath keeping the house in roars of laughter. The floors were then cleared, and dancing and refreshments were indulged in till the early hours of morn ing, the only regret being that the anTinal union of the 'Waratah C. C. did not come sooner. Great praise is due to Messrs. Hamblin and Millard, secretary and treasurer, for the very satisfactoiy way in which the entertainment was carried out. 