" Have we air Altai?."' ! (By Hely H. A. Smith in St. James's' ' Chronicle.') ' All the idolatries arid superstitions of the. Ritualists cluster round their altars. Take away the altar, and the system collapses ;' the ' priest's occupation would be gone, the' sacri-' ,: flee and the sacrificial vestments would dis appear, the sanctuary lamps would shed their light in vain. It is impossible to picture the consternation which would seize on a staff of ' Ritualistic priests, deacons, acolytes, thurifers and Co., if, when 'the procession reached the chance, the alter had disappeared. Hence, with the question with which this paper is headed, Ritualism stands or falls. 1, there fore, now proceed to deal with it and prove that' under the Gospel dispensation there is no altar, and, therefore, that none is sanctioned in the Church of England. I regret that, in order to make my argument complete, it will be necessary to travel over a well-beaten track before considering the only point which presents thejeal difficulty to so many minds; 'X namely, the expression Heb. xiii. 10, "We;i have an altar," &c.; . shall endeavour to i establish five propositions, dealing only with > two points in the present paper. I. Under the Old Testament dispensation ; only one altar was allowed by God, which'11 was to be in the place'He alone might choose,' " and ' — II. Under the New Testament dispensation this one altar was abolished, arid the -race1 6f priests, which alone might 'minister at 'it, be came extinct. III. The allusions of our Saviour to;> the altar had reference to the one Jewish' altar;1 which in His day had not been abolished. ' : IV. The expression — "We havo an altar of'" which they have no right to eat who Berve 1 the tabernaole," means " we Jews have a sacT rifice of which the priests cannot partake." V. The Church of England recognises no altar, as the Book of Common Prayer proves, and as the law courts have decided. 1\. Under the Old Testament dispensation only one altar for sacrifice was permitted to the Jowb, which was to bo set up wherever the tabernacle was pitched or temple built, and of this only altar God said " Take heed"; and He gave His sanction to the spot He thus selected, and gave evidence of His Real Presence by appearing in the Shechinah or Glory Cloud. I shall not quote, but only refer- to the passages whioh establish this proposi tion, because it was rather ignored than denied by the altar builders and altar worshippers of - the present day. The following passages < will suffice to prove the point : Leviticus xvii. 8, 9; Deu. xii. 13, 14, 27. See also Smith's " Dictionary of the Bible," article, ' " Altar, by the Dean of Peterborough." How heinous the sin of constructing even a second altar was considered by the Israelites is made very manifest in Joshuaxxii., the last twenty- five verses of which I commend to the con sideration of those who would set up an altar in every parish church, on which the priest is - to offer the Sacrifice 'of the Mass or of the Holy Eucharist. It is impossible to have Btronger evidence than is here afforded The tribes on the coast of Jordan were going to wer with the two tribes, and ahalf whose in heritance was on the other side of the river, because they believed the latter erected a- second altar for saorifioe. What can be stronger or more conclusive than tho repudia- - tion of the supposed offenders, when'exonera- - ting themselves from the charge ? " God forbid that we should rebel against the Lord, and turn this day from following the Lord, to build an altar for burnt offerings, for meat offerings, or for sacrifices, beside tho altar of the Lord our God that is before 'His tabernacle." It is certainly true that other altars wore 'built and sacrifices offered upon them, and this with the Divine sanction ; but the Lord, as the King of Kings, and as the supreme law- giver, has necessarily the dispensing power, and can at any time suspend His own .general laws, but the erection and multiplica- . tion of unauthorised altars became one of the crying sins of tho Israelitish nation, and one which brought God's judgment upon them. 2\. Under the New Testament dispensation this one altar was abolished, and the race of priests, who alone might administer at it, be came extinct. We find the abolition of sacri fice distinctly foretold by the Prophet Daniel ' (ix. 25-27). Tho declaration is clear that the Messiah should " cause the sacrifice and obla tion to cease and, moreover, that the ceas ing should be caused in the very way in which it eventually happened — namely, by the des truction of " the city and the sanctuary," which was effected when the Romaus took .. away the Jewish " place " and nation in the -autumn of a d. 70, But it was not only thus foretold that the sacrifice Bhould cease ; the definite reason iB fully explained in that grand anti-Kitualistic epistle, the Epistle to the He brews. There every argument is brought for- iward' to prove that the continuation of the sacrifice is out of the question, and would be a complete anachronism under the Gospel dispensation. The whole Levitical ritual wob only a typo and shadow of the true. Christ ,,, realised, monopolised, absorbed it all. Ac cordingly, we read — "Every priest standeth daily ministering and offering oftentimes the same sacrifices, which can never take away sins. " But this man, after lie had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right. hand of God. 1 " For by one offering he hath perfected for :ev,er(them that are Banotified." It would seem a work of supererogation to ;qupte so woll known a passage ; but as long as the Repeated sacrifice is contended for, so long must true Christians point to such con clusive statements as these, and necessarily, if the sacrifice has ceased, the altar has ceased likewise. It is also worthy of notice that the ' passing of the High Priest on the great day I of atonement within the veil, we are told, was typical of Christ's ascension into Heaven, there to intercede for His Church. Now, during the time when the High Priest was in the Holy of Holies, no sacrifice was allowed to be offered. The office of the inferior — priests was then in abeyance. Surely those who are so anxious to reproduce the Jewish temple-ritual ought not to pass over the significance of such a clear type as this. Moreover, an altar and sacrifice require a sacrificing priest, a hiercus or " sacerdos,'" for none but men of the race of Aaron were ever allowed to offer on God's altar, and these priests were not only obliged to be of the Aaronic lineage,' but even if Icnoion to bo such, were compelled to resign their office unless they could produce their pedigree ; thus, we read in the list of. those who roturned from the captivity: — "And of the priests: the :u.iOhildren ofiHabaiah, the children of Koz, the ' children of Barzillai. These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but it was not found ; therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priest- ,hood.— Nehemiah vii, 63, 64." The Jewish Chronicle not long ago confessed that if the Temple were now rebuilt at Jerusalem, the sacrifices could not be resumed, because there iB not a single priest who has a register to show. At the taking of Jerusalem, when both Temple and altar were destroyed, every priest's register was lost. .1 ask, then, what right have men to attempt now to revive a . r , j sacrifice , .which God officially anulled t and providentially annihilated ? I am aware it ' if! will i be said that a new order of sacrificing priest has descended from the Apostles. This has to be proved. The official ministers of the Gospel were divided in Apostolic times into only two, or at most three, classes : 1. Bishops (or overseers); 2, elders (or presby ters); and 3, deacons. I say "two, or at mnnt-. thrnA." hnnniiRA it in nnitn an nnfln ruina- tion whether the bishop's relation to the » elders was not simply that . of, primus inter fares, or first among equals. These ministers are also called evangelists, stewards, shep herds, ambassadors, ministers, labourers, husbandmen, soldiers, servants (or slaves), ... .workmen, preachers, prophets ; but the word " priest " is carefully avoided, , except ... as applied to Christians. The only five passages in the New Testament in which the words, -.priesthood , and , priest occur—except when' "speaking of Jewish or Pagan priests— are 1 ' u JiPftJerfihtfcapAftiBev. i.:6, v. .10; xx/6/iri all: liich places, „as. Christiansi.,are( .spoken /,of \- generally! the laity are/of course,' included." " Certainly- dtjisihef height of; presumption . to consider that the Holy Ghost did not know !A what'iwords.'-tb lebftWs'jesshtbe'Diviiie1 Will. But howj-jthen/arejrweiitpjjaccount otherwise for the studied and conspicuous absenco of the word priest, as applied to the ministerial officeta 'apoatqlicjj $meB ? wAhdj.; clearly, if there is no priest '(tb. serve at the altar, thealtaribecomes 'a'.'superfiuous acces- ...sory ,tq,-our, religious worship. Therefore, I answer tho question at the head of tins paper . ,in : the negative' As Christians we have no , altar, nor do we stand in neediof one.: ;c : ; In the Warialda .district since. 1881 over, y lialf-a-niillion . marsupials, and ; nearly / 2000 dingoes have been destroyed, and tho bonuses paid them amounted to over £14,500. 