ACADEMY OF MUSIC. “HAMLET." A crowded house greeted the first appesrance of Mr Alfred Dampier’s company at the Academy of Music last evening, on which occasion “Hamlet” was produced. Perhaps there in scarcely rmothoroharaoter in tho wide range of 'the - ''drama';'; which - Is • ao : open to varied conceptions -‘-Tand Interpretations, and in which the real intention of the author has raised so much contention., : Shakespeare seems - to have created in'Hamlet a perpetual enigma. Actors of the highest rack- in the profession, : among whom may'; be meationed : the names of Henry Irving, Kean, and others,' have asto nished or delighted their audience^.with their conceptions of ; the part, while' the question; “ Was Hamlet nmd f ’ haa formed a standing .subject for .the'discussions. of 'mutual improver meat societies.,; Not; so very,long-ago we saw Miss Pomeroy on the-boards of the Academy in the role of the melancholy prince.-, Jfr Dampier has. built up a solid reputation, as ■an actor; of genuinemerit.and consequently it was not vaini to anticipate from him i worthy rendering of the character, and those; of the audience who formed-such expectations' were not doomed to disappointment. His*delineation, from the first; to the final-scene,’was -an excellent one; Mr Dampier poss esses A; fa!h resonant; voice, which he knows how'to use to heat advantage. His de livery of the various declamatory "passages was excellent,'and though in places he seemed to lose by a deviation from' interpretation previously giren horej yet in others he ms'nsged to bbtain and much finer effect; MrDampier’a Hamlet waq not mad. He was V 'dissimulator rather, who feigned-a diseased mind ihbrder to work out his ow n'ends on tha murdererof his father/.tocany out the behests of the: ghostly, , midnight visitor -to .Elsinore.; .This is made apparent through but’ his -• whpleV".bearing^iarid ) it self in ..coqntlera-. L little ,incidents;,, Taken .all through, however, . Mr Dampiert repre sentation of,the central’ figure of.the drama was id powerful, and Interesting,’’one. ,-Miss Katherine Bussell- gave a> fair rendering of the 'difficult part of Opelia, and wasrvery effective. Gertrude, Queen of Derimark; foaodra good representative in Mrs Edmund Holloway, ant( the.part of the. Flayer Queen was wajl taken by Mias Julia Merton; "Aa the King,' J Mr Harry Sfconeham ...waa at home in. .his ..pact... His speeches were well spbksn, with good elocution ary effeot.and excellent intonation. , Ur Edmund Holloway doubled’with'credit the parte of Ghost and of.Laertes. Mr J. D.Uarsh .gave" a : very! good impersonation of the part of .Polentas, as also did Mr G.'M‘Kfin*lsof. the character of Hbratio, ■ Hamlet’s friend. The other parts werq taken 'as ' follow:—Bosancrantz, Quildefstern (courtiers),. Messrs D, Drayton and! J.' Stark;’ Marcellas, Bernardo (officers), Messrs Davidson; and “Josephs; Francisco “(a soldier);; Mr 'Hardy; second aetor, Ur E. Bain; first gravedigger, Ur. Harry Leston; second gravedigger, Mr Marshall; priest, Mr Starkey. The curtain did hot fall on; the last-act until about a quarter, to 12. o’clock.! To-night a' sensational : drama entitled “ The; Black Flag," written .by Messrs Conquest and! Fettitt will hb - praduoedwith appropriate mechanical and scenic effect*. v ; 