AN IRISE I-OST STORIY r A ?EITARIC?A.L case was heard in Dnl1-. lin. Mr. Wadidron, a solicitor's clerk, sued his ncXt-d~oorneighbour, who is. a mate in the mnerohantservice, named Kierntu, to recover £OO damages for injury done to his house ihy ha hI alleged, the defendant and lhisl?aiity. Kiernmin denied the chgrr?g4ei and asserted that Waldron's lio?os was hamnted, und that the aits oomplained of 'were dioe by spirits or some ierson in plaintiffts place. .IEvidenic foir the plaintiff was to the effecttlabta oeer.i, night from August to January his half door was ubntinually bheing knocked at, and his windows hioken.with stonos, which camo fromrthbo direction of 1he defendant's premises. Mrs -\Waldrou swore that one night she saw ounof the panes of glass in the window out through with a diamond, and a white hand inserted throufgh the hole to made in the glass. bhe. caught up a billhook and aimed a blow at the handu, oe:ttng one of teo fingers completely ifl'; the "hand was then wihdrawn, but on her examining the place eke could find neither the finger nor epy traces of blood. On another oce.sitn the seyant., hearin, mysterious k,.ock inre, fell down with fright, upe?tinfa pail of water over herself. M," W\a dron armed himself eith a rifle and revolver, and brought a dete:tive into the house, while >evefal police;nmn watched outside. They, how?'er, could find nothing. Kieroan's fiiily, on being accused of causing the noises, denied it, suggested it was the work of ghosts, und advised the Waldrons to send for a Rlomana Catholic clei'gyman to rid the house of its terrors. A. police constable swore that on-i evening h saw Waldron's servant kick tio door with her heels at about the ti.h,o the rapping usually commenced. Chief Justice M orris said the ,ffair Ssigge?t d the performances of thu Day tipsrt Bcothers or Maskelyne and Cooke. .It wss quite inexplicable from the ab souce of motive, and remained shrouded in the mysterious uuer tainty of the Man with the Iron Mask, the authorship of " Junius' Lettere,' or "Wfiy Anderson left Dycer's." Tho jury found for the defendant. 