i xtf.LBOURNE letter. UL " Monday- I o®t»tu toe "«« i£ "J.". 'Ji?8 I Y;n, ral!;r.tlv in on a high tide, I fi'/iiT'lt to creep out on r" r- del' such circumstances I i' '" .t'-.'tiar- to camp on the bench H i: c:'l"" .1 of -weather. This is, .qiU'tUc position of the Ministry. In Y, the tili: of sencang a contingent I J1;; s„:u toigte, a ' ,'i ,..,cV enough to go with the tyY! i,si now thai the newspapers £h UfitroJ up public seutlmciit f7 J out that nearly the -whole 'Vaiust tl-.em from the first | "toWpne round, the harassed are at their wits end to ,-ccape. Not bein£- able to H : lelkt >!:,vc 051 rcfnSfcir- <Id:£' TO - ",a I- I8 J indicted tlscy would, i f'j'YYY- the Press io say:- lint cir- j m alter cr«cs. But, : truth to , f".'," .. -in uriv lis, and "die sole yj;Ci: t ityiiicvins now is how to B Y "Jit -.vitli honor. To offer to the B Ici r'; 'iV'vonuaesf a quariend;' a mill ion B ivj-iiaoi wit; winch wc are just B Y-YY t> redecsu- our own promissory f::rVk-h we r.e not prepared to B j ,:t' ;I|,. ut best u left-handed way of B thil 'o-at of a seff- created difficulty ; H3 j,-j ;lc it i" not likoi .' to l>e accepted, it m mi„ht be j-. sood a way of shriting the 9f triable s: .\'m otLr: . But this cannot H b/j.eie riiktmi meeting Parliament, TO ,dl,i t1;lt j.- precisely the fcYmg the y,;,|c;rv r.- e net pr<r ;.red for, raid desire ;. TO j.arii n k:'- to avoid On the it emorable j H iu'rainc v hen 31 r Service -rent that i TO tth.-iT.na-i- Jlr Dalle , that if his offer | jn..iccef ti '1 Victoria- would ghll.V follow j ;a:;< -.-re five Ministers in town. E.i i hicv i een con-ic' ed it woi Id never , B to-.-. he=r desjii.'t-'iii'd ; for the : B Lb r.d section of the Oc» iriimont, , B 1 2;.'a ton' now tl-ey have .-a much i ;j.t;f touch ntlou pnbiie iipicion t in j tfcvtti tc have, have moans of j -Lrriviiii ut AO uinlo.v .inling of it far ; ibt'.krma tltor Cooservut ive-confrt-res, j riu trust :c tii- ir newspapers, and are Dou-unJy misled ky tlmm. Ib-uns this irn-.r:fji-.e<-.f popular fee- ling tit it mada 12: S-rnce wreck his party, by tppeahug tc the e HiEfry on the : ist "catsion he £.= iu office, when, if he had kept quiet, be b-i & good three years of the ottapatcv ot. uwer t > rely upon. And E3 3b i a s occasion Mr Berry end the n't.:: Lib-rule iu the Cat in -t ««: clearly from toe first 'lie dinger of the- new de- tur.av ; bat -once tb« ecmrnittieg tele- grsa wis -eui tbey weret rnniS-ler: o draw iecl, lilthough prophetically thuy an- ticiprted the iocvit-ible reaction, which will ibo tly become gretter then now ippcuri. Nowthfir influence ha.3 to be iss-d w -ecure dtUy. Bat wh-la we are Ji Jr-Lilring with this qcestion — dally id t'u: cuntsxt ;.=, as A. Ward wodi <i sav, tot -.ak — win will the English people itink c: us ? The telegram sent at the btmce o: the l?ar Office a fortnight 'co, t«..in2 n- fee. details of what force 5we.-< prepared to sup -ly remains un- in-Wiref. This is not au agreeable po-itioL/ur a Eeif- r3"pecting cooimunity b b-t :u. Had we cot bettor, li ikoifoolish thi dr-i:.-nwn up that sentimeirr mastered reason :tr the nonce, and that, though we wo.dd gladly ..assist the -mother country rjth every man and every khnlior r< bad, if she were in danger, we fos t bojp. armies for foreign c-osvice, ;ttl mast apologise for sending her «t:croiic. For, leLme whisper, .con- 'st'B r the terse semcnce of lege to ucta-r inleat, " I know our country's kp'i'.ion well and while the -'anient Artillc-ry force of Kew four. WbU», if fit to be bri- pdtd whh ary line regiment or average p-t-yiy, it i» not equal to the company i;'Hnd ic Egypt, literally the flower TO f England's army, while rche newly re- |H ooiied men wij. be next ioiuseless. You TO J81111'''' innke raw r.-rruits soldiers iu a B E inths, or -even in a year or two. tvtry man who has ever worn s uniform mows that. They may become good fl , 'rjHliooters, norming more. A soldier if, and -must be, a machine ; and while B tJi16r'?r iottlligenoa is no bar te his H framing that condition, intelligence can Diver be .substitutai: for discipline or B B'dif- rly training. ln(j ,f pe0pi, wftnt realise waat is the «2ect of onr send- Og a tew hendred mec to the Soudan, f aoywhere else, and what extent of B JJfr l( 13 Kkly to enioerce upon other B n!0DP' 'e' i'iem examine the active B e military nations of B Bni tate iQto couaideration the B j-uf, 'et England, with ninety- -A1 ®Qasand'regalar troops of her own, of natives in India, in one B oVSl'tible lc order n to her tianB- if e ' grreDtT"tw3 thousand more, while, B li,f et3re May next she could m | lad aa,«onal force of one hundred m thonsand Englishmen — B jjj;6 ' ®'D|1 you, not recruits — into tkinv'a, 6 man3" here who 6eem to '1 or n» D'and has neither military B itndiJd TGlten«th left, I have always B fcorcestbT1'1 PlitiCS' th6a r' ifl titbn ' , mPlre can command. And, Uticbi 'rai'!'nn from the epirit in writ"— Ir ? of the quarterlies TO tbo bl'n'r Is en the truest patriot lie to ."7 0Qt the weaknesses of EDE,n,/y-T a 111 still convinced that 9 rrm'1' ' m 1.'' nee fear no foe save ktth?7' 'c!l '5 nt likely to be em- 9 lhn," "Sao?t and which could not tfte 11 trj,'lH to invade hei;, if she '1 In' ttODOCtlOn rpitU "ita Mnlimnaitf 'jm of th® people of M knnnK , ,8 very peculiar. Al- fjm wthf.i. was evinced at the tt«RnnVD 00 t,,e wharf, the men for I hmtrec- throngh the masses I i "n streets in dead I ktiia ',n jV,'n ghost of a cheer liter) o?ke an< wken Mr Dalley I on8 the lines, at the preparatory review in Moore Park, the same ominous reception was accordel to him. The public meetings held have shown singularly contradictory result-. K«v«r- theleso, though amendments hostile iu the sending of the expedition have been carried at several of the centres -c popu lation, at meetings c nvened tn suppor> it, or to aid the Patriotic Feud, and though tt j Newcastle miners have for mally protested, yet I believe the Go vernment will earcy the vote neces-ary when Parliament assembles, -after, pro bably, a damaging disenseicn, and in face of the fast that their Cabinet, l'ke ccrti, is serioncly divid.-d onlhequrgtioc. Something new is st rrmg in our own. pdCitical life. -Daily the public depart meats and plaecs where politicians con gregate in recess swarm with clean - shevea, clever-headed, wnito-collnred, loiig-canspckcd pentl- imenT who ackuorr- r-cdge the decrees of the "Vatican as their ar.-jolute law. What r.liis unwonted ! activity means is not v«t clear ; but it v.-ould appear the recent lyormed aoce- ciation is alrasdy at work. If mairiagos-are made iu- Heaven, why ccesn't Providence provide «n adequr.te pcrtiou for f lie brido ? K it did s;:_, a j tdkttinguished -naval ofs-cer here would j net have beon- compt-ll-d tc roiinquisii bis i engagement because iio wealthy patent j of his iutendod hri u r f ised to furnish I any dot. i There are st. 1 c > up c';s of the tbiid- J'ner in which the P -t fEce Departmont j ic administered. It is alleged that wheu f -otters are aske i tor >-i t Ue scantiest conr- j tesyis shown.'t-j i - icq lircr, and inmcay | cases, bo is -kept -vait-itg uinch longer ! tcan can be absolutely utxesairy. ?7hy is it that so many Government servants r.ppear to ccneider t leoiseires as moui led 'of something different to ill- eoia- enn clay. Agnhi, oo. i.hrv st-eui tc-'iclly oblivious of the fic> hat they absoiittsly are the servan s -f ho public, to whom i: hey are in dnt-v i ar 1 to pay the utmost attention. 