VICTORIA COURSING CLUB.— WATERLOO CUP MEETING. FinsT Day. — Wednesday, 15tii Jcly. l'atrou, his Excollency Sir Honry B. Loch ; president, Sir W. J. Clarke, Bart., M.L.C.; vice-presidents, W. Bailey, H. R. Falkiner, Henry M'Qnnde ; treasurer, T. W. Beokvvith ; field stewards, T. Bromell, John Cookson, David Davtes, Dr. letherston, D. Jones, W. M'Oulloeb, James M'CulIoch, R. R. Oliver, Harvey Patterson, J. B. Scott, W. K. Thomson, F. Tiliev, J. Wolstonliolmo, William Watson ; judge, E. Gateuby; slipper, R. G. Banner; sec retary, J. Munday. Waterloo Ccp. For 64 all ngos, at £25 each. Winner, £5CC ; runner up. £200 ; two dogs, £53 each ; four uugs, £20 eueli ; eight dogs, £20 each ; sixteen dogs, £10 each. W. ft. Hull v.s f b Blessing, by Sentry fio— Crocus, heat A. Swan ns w r or r w d p Hartley, by Hurrlug- ton— Fascination. J. D. Jones 11s bk w b Quinine, by Master Joo —Tidings, beat G. F. Hammond ns bk w d Sherwood Stag, by Fadladccn — Fataniska. J. Cookson ns f w d p Glcndnbh, by Ovor.ir.ian IT.— Hocy Juan, beat W. B. llounscvell's w bit Moss Hose, by Rebellion — Wcstcrfu. A. L. Park's f v b Parade, by Sentry Go— Lassie, beat W. 1'atcrson's bk w d Sam's Luck, by One of the Twelve — Lady Audley. C. Inmae ns r d Hero's Luck, by "Of rant — Fair Water, beaL J. T. Taylor's lie w b Truthful, by Bashful Jerry — Blno Look Out. J. Hector's likwd Marshal M'Mahon. by Ploiighhoy — Grlsvlda, beat R. It. OUrcr ns f w b p Svra, by Swiveltor — Swinstdc. B. Hepburn 11s bdd Lord Lyon, by Ixlcx— Lottie, beat T. -Bromell's rb Queen Bea, by Whistling Dick —Shy Girl. C. I'eareo's r w b p Pleasant Girl, by Dianyslui O'K.inc — Wee Cash, beat E. Leo ns bk w d Cnp-a- ple, by Star — High Seat II. E. i.orrt ns bo w b Slosta, by Brigadier— Hilda, beat G. S. Harris ns bk w d Cloud, by Sliovo Along — Jet. C. D. Slrnkor ns r d p Master Willie, by Monsoon— Gatetlo, beat 11. R. Falkiner ns bk w b Busybody, by D. (corns — Lnbru. D. I'lavles ns r w d p Wilful Chester, by Chester — Wil ful, heat 1). L. Bcvcrngo's f d Roy, by Dacomu— Luhra. Ik Donovan's bo v.- il Tom Suycrs. by Bashful Jerry — Blue Look Out, beat J. M'Culfoch's w f b Caseins, by Chester— Casta Diva. J. Wnlstenbnlmo ns bk w b Wcrribeo Dove, by Go-ns- vou-pleasc — Ecca, bent S, Rensvlck ns bk w or w bk b ,i 1'iimina, by Rebellion— Lady Maryborough. C. M'CulIoch as r d p Mongoose, by Monsoon — Gazette, beat G. I'lnnt ns ba sv b Atalnnta, by Luke — Mary Jane. A. R. Robertson's r w d Robust, by Chester— Costa Diva, ticnt j. 11. PiiUcrson as red Paplllon, by Chester — Duly Maryborough. S. Smith ns r w d Carangomlte, by Chester— Casta Diva, beat II. Gero ns lid w b p Walwera, by Ovcrsman II — Western Lad v. J. B. Scott's bo wd p Sostennto, by Ovcrsman 11.— Fiuichlon, beat Sir W. J. Clarke's w f b Clara Crosby, by Castor— Mint A. Ratine's w bk b Ithodsntlie, by Rebellion — \Vcs- teria, best W. Bailey's f d Bollorot Wlllla, by Chester — Lily. W. M'Culloch's r d Monsoon, by Chester— Mint, heat R, if. Montgomeric ns f w b p Chime, by Castor— llJnt. W. Thomson ns w bk d Silver King, by Silent — Sun flower, beat T. J. Dilxlcn ns f w- d Mockangcr, by Duke of Cumberland— Daisy, Wcsterla, be.it G. Whlttinghain's bo w b p Wild Emily, by Bashful Jerry— Blno Look Out. J. Williams's bk wd p General Gordon, by Ovcrsmnn II.— Nellie II., boat S. Willis's f w d Waldcmar II., by Rebellion — Ready iloncy. A. Clark 11s r w b Bsllarat Winnie, by Chester— Lily, beat J. 'i'lioraus ns r wd Breech- loader, by Spring —Swallow. 1'. Nenstcte.1 ns bk w d Philistine, by L'Aml — Riviere, beat 11. M'Quade ns r w d MclvlUo's GHt, by Crichopo Linn— Hinemoa A. Forrester 11s f d Muster Watson, by Chester — Miss Watson, beat J. Dnroso ns w bk d Jumbo, by Grenadier — laidv. 11\. Fruscr's r w b Duchess of Kew, by Chesterfield— Kew Rose, beat A Smith's bk v d Sussex, by Swlvcller — Swhndde. A. Bell ns bk w li Merrymutd, by Magio Balm— Nora, heat P. Quinllven ns bk w or w uk D Lady Audley 1L, by Ono of tho Twelve— Lady Audley. R. Chimsidu's bk w d Melfort, by Bedfellow— Aunt Martha, bent II. Patterson's w bk b p X'hlllina, by Re bellion — Westeria. 1-', Tilley ns r w I Castanet, by Chester — Csata Diva, heat L. C. Lawford's bd w d Commotion, by Mas ter Joe — Duinsh's Joy.' A. Town ns bk w b Meter, by Chester— 51 Int. heat J. 31'Cran us f b Leollne, by Hopmerket— Daisy. W. K. Thomson ns rorfwb Werritae Eve, hy Ite- boliiou — Wcsterla. bu.it D. O. Cofiard na bkwdp Sna- vpller, by Whistling Dick— Lady Timor. W. AVabion ns r w b Rat Hind, by Chester— Rosy Knivu, beat J. Munday ns bk w d Lonl Binning, by My Lord— Clio. 11. Quiulnc beat Blessing . Gleuilubh ,, Farado Here's Luck „ Marsha! M'Alahon Pleasant Girl „ Lord Lyon Siesta „ Master Willie Wilful Chester „ Tom Soyers " AVcrribeoDovo „ ktongooso Robust „ Osruiguiuite Rhodanthe . „ SostvnuLo Silver King ,, Mousonu I'ahisiakcr „ General Gordon Rallimit Blonle ., Philistine Duchess of Kew „ Master WatEOU Melfort „ Merry JIald Castanet ,, Meier Wurribec Eve Bed Hbid. Tho thirteenth annual Waterloo Chip meeting of the Victoria Coursing Olnh commenced yes terday at tho Oval, near Diggers' Rest railway station. As the chief coursing event of tho year, great interest is taken in tho running for the Waterloo Cup, and yesterday, about nine a.m., despite tho fact that the . morniug was a raw, foggy one, there was a largo assem blage of coursing patrons, a nurubor of whom were aocompanied by Indies, at Spencer-street Ftation, from whoro they were convoyed to Diggers' Rest in three special trains. Ily the lime tho railway station, the name of which reminds people of the old gold-seek ing days of this colony, was reached, the sun had got tho better of the fog, and everything looked much more bright and cheerful, so much so that it good number of the visitors who arrived by the onrlier trains elected to tako a walk across the plains in the fresh puro morning air to the convincing ground, in placo of making uso of the cabs aud other vehicles, of which a largo number from the city wero in waiting. Tho distance from tho statiou to thu Oval is about 2 miles, aud if timo bo available aud tlio weather agreeable tho pleasure of the walk is much to bo pre ferred to that of the drive, which is fre quently behind overladen horses. On such special occasions as Waterloo Cup meetings and other events of a similar oharacter, the avorago cabman is loth to start unless bis cab contains at least two passengers more than it is licensed to carry. Howovor, ovegyone reached tlio Oval without greater inconvenience than usual, aud found everything in excellent order. The running ground was pronounced to bo all that could bo desired, and those who visited the place for the first timo wero charmed with the cham of bills which forms tho background of tlio view neross the Oval, and which, though distant, aye uono the less picturesque. By tho time ' the whole of tho visitors had arrived tho sceno was a very animated ope, aud many persons who had beou present at over" 0110 of the thirteen Waterloo Cups whioh have come on tor decision in this colony, expressed the opinion that tho gathering was as large and representative a one ns was ever seen at the Oval. The neigh boring colonies of New South Wales, South Australia and Tasmania furnished a fair per centage of thoso present. Proceedings cota- lnouced at a quarter past eleven and continued until about four o'clock, with one hour and a halt" s interval for luncheon, whon full justice was done by those present to the excellent re past provided by the club's caterer, Mr. O. D. Striker, who bnd an immense marquee capable of seating npwurds of 500 persons at ono time erected in the reserve. Shortly before four o'clock the card had been run through twice, thu3 leaving sixteen dogs still in the stake. Business will be resumed this morning at eleven o'clock, and sjiecial train3 will, as usual, leavo Spencer-street at 9.20 and 9.30. His Excellency the Governor will visit the Oval to-day, and will bo received on his arrival at tho Ditrgers' Rest r.iilwuy station by the Sunbury Nordonfeldt battery, under tbo command o( Lieutenant Rupert Clarke, The coursing throughout was of a superior character, bares running uniformly good, as may be gathered from the fact that only eleven deaths were recorded in a total of forty-eight courses. In the first sorontuen trials there was but one .kill, and with two exceptions, namely, the courses Glcndnbh rtrsu Parade, and Robust err.<«< Uarangamito, there was not a weak bare slipped at. The courses allnded to were the on(y ones which did not result in a fair stand np fight between the respective contestant:. On the whole, the opening round of the Cup was characterise ic of the success of the favoritoa, though the defeat of Lealinc took pre- cedencc as thrxstnqiriFoof the day, and great was her downfall at the bauds oi' the despised Ileier, against v.hom extravagant odds were forthcoming. The discomfiture of fher-.vood .Stag, Truthful, Syr::, aud Ballarat Willie reprosenied the oulv other losses sustained by the favorites in tho intro ductory round. The uulieequant defeats oi Red Hind, Monsuon, UoDgnosc. Darb£anute and Philistine further oontnbuted to tho day's disasters. Nevertheless, the survival of Melfort, Castanet, Siesta, Wilful Chester and Pleasant Girl admirably maintained the reputation of tho more highly estimated division. Blessing, who was in possession of an un beaten certificate from Now South Wnles, created a favorable impression by her opening and docisivo defeat of Hartloy, but sho met more than her match in tho diminutiveQuinmo, who bowled over a fanoicd opponent to com mence with, and thou rendered ono of tho most finished performances of tho day by her over throw of the Now South Wale3 representative. Her artistic ability when in possession was very pronounced, and provided sho continues to encounter hares of tho eamo typo as tlioso which engaged her attention yesterday, hor slight deficiency in paco froin slips Jpromises to he more than compensated by her faculty for fast and vigorous scoring win n iu possession. Glendubh's defeat of Moss Rose ivaB highly meritorious inasmuch as he bad a lug task be foro him after losing thu valuable opening points, and none but a downright clover and icsolute puppy could have pulled through under similarly adverse circumstances against nn opponent of Moss Rose's calibre, who only relinquished her early balance altera desperate struggle. By way of atoning for the severity of his uiitial ordeal Glendubh was fortunate ouough to meet with the shortest courso of tlio day at his second attempt, which circumstance should give him a slight advautago over Quinine, who wont to tho top of tho ground each time. Hero's Luck was fortunate in meet ing a couple of moderate animals inTruthful and Marshal MaoMahon, and his ultimate defeat ia inevitable. Although Pleasant. Girl successfully pulled through a couple ol' counts, she did not liohavo in tho samo even slylo characteristic of her V.O.C. Oaks victory, ovincing a want of patience and steadiness behind her game, a repetition of which is bouud to prove fatal in the cnu. ono is oviuonuy m great, mart, anu may settle down after tho two gruollers to which she was subjected. Tho series of disappoint ments encountered by the Glonroy establishment iu tho socond rouud commouoed with tho defeat of Matter Willie, in whoso train fol lowed Mongoose, Mousoon, Master Watson and Meter — a sad list of reverses to ho sustained by one kennel. Master Willie made a most horoic struggle against Siesta in tho race to tlio hare, but tho oeverity of tho effort told a talc, and ho was unablo to compute effectively against his more experienced rival during tho remainder of tho trial. Mongoose was at a similar disadvantage against a practised per former liko Werribec Bove, who ran in her very best form, but met with a couplo of falls 111 her course with Mongoose, which promise to load to no beneficial results. It was plain that Mou soon has lost his former greatness, otherwise lie would never have permitted Silver King to load and boat him. Tho last named displayed plenty of paco as usual, but ho manipulates his speed in a manner more suggestive of strategy than honesty in pursuing his game. His fine turn 01 speed will always make him a dangerous rival with the Oval hares howovor. Kiesto oxecuted two very croditablo performances against Cloud nnd Master Willie, running with all her former oxportness, and throwing away no chancos whatever. Sho will confront a for midable opponent this morning in Wilful Chester, who wont great guns in his first courso against tho Tasmnnian dog Roy. It was some thing of a disappointment subsequently to see him led by Tom Snyers, still his extra clevornoss served him admirably, and ho concluded a woll run course hy .killing. Being a littleabovo himself, ho may re appear in improved form this morning, and dis play tbo accessary pace from slips to euablo liim to successfully stall off Siesta, who is hound to run a good greyhound under any cir cumstances. Rhodanthe took everybody by surprise by tlio brilliancy of her separate dis plays against Ballarat Willie and Hostenuto, nnd sho has only to maintain tho same form to re peat her victory of 1883. Her behavior was extraordinary for a fourth season greyhound. Her sister, Worribeo Eve, was also undeniable, nnd succcodcd in silencinga strongly fancied ono in hor keunol associate, Red Hind, who began by an effective course with Lord Binning. No fault could bo found with Melfurt's separate efforts, the same boiug finished iu tho extreme. As was the caso on tho opening day of last year's Waterloo Cup contest, ho was tho only greyhound of the surviving six teen wliioh liad tlio good fortuno to evaao goiug to tuu top ot tno grounu, encn 01 his coursos being of medium length, and termi nating with kills. Morry Maid accorded him valuable service in this respect, thereby saving the ill effect of a fruitless journey to tho homes, as was thu caso with oaoh and all of tlio other fifteen candidates which remain in tho Cup. As Melfort has another easy victim in Duchess of Kow, the way appears to bo well paved for a repetition of his last year's triumph. Thuro was uolhiug very startling attached to Castanet's introductory trial against Commotion, savo that she was led, and subsequently outworked Commotion, but she improvod on this performauco in hor next essay, though it is only fair to mention that her opponent, Meter, was lame from tho effect of her sensational overthrow of Leoliue, whoso annihilating defeat was the ovent par excellence of tho day. Tho Neiv South Wales representative was ovidently not herself, for sho appeared all at fault after making the first couple of points, and ran a distressed greyhound. She has evidently notreoovorcdherWaturloo Cup troubles iiithe sistercolony. Ballarat Winnie somewhat compensated for the disappointing conduct of bor brother, Ballarat Willie, albeit it took her at! hor time to put down Philistine ; indeed, so close was the issue that nobody would have demurred had tbo flag sone up for Mr. Patterson's dog. Caraugamite was unlucky in meeting with tho only finkey courso of tho day whou running with his brother Robust, who gavo ovidenco of an exceptionally fino turn of speed in both liis courses, and will ba hard to load. Pniustaker won his courses lu good style. Mr. Gatouby judged with his customary ability, the only ex ception taken to ills decision beiug in the course between Ballarat Winnio and Philistine. Banner also wus equally au fait with thu slips. Ann/tnriAri own tlia rinfaila nf thn mirminri — IYatmiv.00 Cut.— Kirst Hound; ttlessir.tf led Hartley four lenRtlu from u hurt blip, nud Uimh alio ran wiiio nt the lir&b; turn, she cniau nsuin and scored u point und chnntfcd once. S ha then placed Hartley, who held his own for two points, previous to another exclnuurc. Krnm this out Itlcssinjr had most to buy, und hartley fulling, the New South Wales rcpiv-tntu- tlvc ptalncd an easy victory; the harp escaping. It wnj a great raco UMwo«n Shcnvuotl Stag und Ouinlnc, the former fialuhiR iho turn by b length ; falunR heavily ho Rave way t/f tho white collar, who commenced in hor ummI artistic style, and, never leaving the scut, blio ; had It all her own ever afterwards, the Stay rtinnJiij; a : terrible duffer und floundering all over thu placo. Trout a mmlerutc slip Moss Hoso led Glendubh two length:, for the first aud 6ccnnd poluts. She Utct; put the Imio to Glendubh, vbo could no inorc than hold hb own for u point After another exchange, Glendubh again tacnmo wet! placed, and more Uian held his own, eventually succeeding in outscoring tho South Aus tralian bitch prior tp tho hare escaping. The perform ance waa a very meritorious one on tlio part of tho winner. Parade atul Sam's Luck went wry wi do from slips. On n caring the linn; Sam's Luck drew past, hut. tripping he nicely positioned the fawn, who exchanged fairly for a time, but Sam's Luck drew out for a strong balance. He, however, died uw«y and allowed tho N.B.W. rcprc-iuntntlvo to Anally outcount hhn, puss proving herself best of the three. Hero's Luck took n lead of four lengths for tho Hrst five points, then sent tho hare, n good one, to Truth ful, who tveatno vt'inurkHbly busy, and had all hut equalised mutters, when she had tho worst of a cannon, thereby placing Hero's Luck for another point previous to the hare escaping. Hut for the totarcleMp alluded to Truthful looked like effecting a victory. It was a beautiful struggle between Mnrshal MucMabon und tSyru, the latter having n blight advautago till neaiiug the lujrc, when the Marshal spirted past, aud put togetnor a nice bonueneo. After two exchanges Marshal MecMahon rainc uuuin, nud placed victory beyond douM , as tho hurc escaped. Lord Lyon t>oou cleared himself of Queen bee, und renched tJm linro fully six lengths in advance. Puss then broke sharply buck, und tho Queen swopt lumul on the outxido for tuu uccond point, hut Lord Lycu's supe rior pace nerving him afterwards, he could always draw away, for Iho racing points, autl M'oii caMiy beforo Queen ben. cneettd a kill. Queen Lcc ran bi rather had form. Cap- a-plc was lradlug till ticuriug tho hiuv, when Pleasant fiirJ spirted past, and, nllhnugli occasionally erratic on the Hue of u regular demon, iter superior pa«c enabled Iter to achieve a ouc-si«lcd victory. Tho way in which I'lcufcuut Girl overran her game, nt the curly part of tlio trial, showed Iter to he very fresh, tflcstu soon quitted Cloud and placed u.gapof eight lengths in making the tiiAf. points settling down beautifully on Hie line of a good hare sho never threw away a chuncc, and received no ussbtuueo whatever from Cloud in a flue trial to llto top of tho ground. Master WiUfo placed a gup oi nt- lcn>t ten lengths be tween himself and Kuuybody bi tho run up. and keeping his pace iu tho wako of another traveller, he ran up u formidable (gicutng account which Dnsybcdy was never able to balance. The (llenroy representative having a deefsta majority of points to the good when tho hnro escaped. Wilful Chester, with odd of 5 to 1 on him, led ru»y five lengths, nnd covering his gnmo hi faultless fashion scarcely tltrcw away a point, he only allowing Hoy to score twice through favor iu a rattling trial to tho plantation. This was a highly meritorious performative on the part of the Western District puppy. Tom Savers was two lengths faster than Citatum for & useful op« nhig scoro, after which lie hung out ttnrafs- takablo signals of distress, thereby permitting Cotana to fairly spin round lifm for the concluding work; still, Tom Sayers's ictro utctory behavior was too effective to enable Castana to get on an equality, though he could not have been more than u point or two to tho bad when the hnrc escaped. PuinJna had a slight udvuuiage in tho tint 50 yards over Wcrribeo Dove, who, however, «>on sailed post, and had it all Jier own way during the remainder of n racing trial to tho boundary fence, I'a lua's pace being to<» deilclnit to enable her to avert defeat. Tills was a nlrely executed trial on the part of .Mr. Chiroslde's representative, iioogcojo showed far greater paco than Atulanta, leading her up by at least urn lengths across the mhhtrtcy lan<L He then settled down and worked in brilliant form, inflicting severe punidifmmt on a detnen of a luire, wlUch eventually escaped, after ono of tho most exhausting trial of the day. Tho Derby winner distinguished him- front first to last, and won In good style. H'jbutt was fi.ur lengths ppccdier than Paplllon, and nf-encd with a few weak pclnis, whereupon the red collar totaroc nicely plucod, aud looked like winning till Uobu.st ctiffitt agnlu and moncpnlisod the remainder of Hie verb to covert, the hare beating both. Itobuat wound up in good form, aud finished like a atayur. Carungamlte let! Wniwera by four lengths, and cored a sorted oi eight point, lie then let Wuiwcra in, uud tho latter scared four, after which they exchanged ence, when the lnirc ecajwd, leaving .Carangamib an easy winner. Ssttnqto tf»k a long leal for a scnlcrablo apt nin» account, after which Clam Cro>by ct merrily t«: woriu rtii't IwJ ut! but cqniUlsed matters wliec the hire the v«Miet being in doubt until Mr. (latenty dechtsd fu; SuAieuuir. This must h;;w teen an exceedingly near thiiiR. LVn- fti leruhlc curiclty Was manifested In the coarse between Lallara? Willie and Khhi'ilLo. 'ilrePraci- raced together fur 103 yard, when Lhodamli-j Craw out, ana t coral fouv qrtf>He drive t?no then flecked her hare, but losing her hold went on for another pretty sequence, and finally puss rounded to Dallarnt Willla, who effected a remarkablo 1:1(1, and thus destroyed whatever chance he had of gnhilngthe judge's venlict Chhne led Monsoon for about 100 yards, when Monsoon forged ahead, and always displaying superiority of pace, as well na cleverness of working, he experienced little difficulty in effect ing n one-sided victory, the hare proving too good for both dogs. Silver King and Mockangcr ran very wide from tlio slips, but ncarlng thu bore the former drew out three lengths and then ran suspiciously wide. The liarc, however, serving the King's superior pace Mockangcr wus given few opportunities to score, nnd was beaten in a severe go. both dogs ran in a slovenly manner, nnd wero ri'i»catcdly off tho truo lino of their game. I'ainstaker drew our a bare length after a grand race, and put together torco neat points before leaving an opening, of which Wild Emily was unublc to avail her self. however, and i'a'mstnker coming again added another substantial sequence, and was left au undis puted winner when tho blue ultimately killed General Gordon led Waldcmar II. six lengths, nnd on reach ing the hare handled it in workmanlike style, never allowing Waldemar to score a point in » course over tho whole length of tho ground, the hare finally escap ing. Bulitirat Winnie «oon clcnrul herself of Breech loader, and, running with remarkable cleverness, she never threw away a chance, eventually finishing a splendid performance with a kill r.f merit. Philistine led Melville's Gift four lengths, and using a weak hare cleverly thrice, he brought affairs to a decisive issue with a smart kill. Master Wntson led Jumbo six lengths, and made three rather weak wrenches; after which Jumbo glided past hhn on the Inside, and re sponded with four points. After exchanging once, Jumbo became well placed, nnd had all but equalised matters before the hare readied cover, tho Ycrdlct being in favor of Mutter Watscu. There could huvo been only very lUtlo between them ut the finish, and Mntcr Watson's superior speed nlonr entitled him to the judge's award. Duchess of Kew uuula u terrible example of Sussex, who oouM never get within ' cooey " of Mr. Eraser's old bitch, tbo latter appearing in her very l»cat form, nnd taking puss to herself for a one- sided victory, the Western district dog went Uown ubsolulely pointless. Merry Maid wax altogether too good for Lady Audley 11., who was given an opportu nity in tho middle part of tho conrsc, and thou hopelessly collapsed by falling. Excitc- niM't. w-iti nn Hntiv VAlfnrf itml Ptittllnn were handed over to Ilanncr,' everyone being in terested to am how lost year's winner would shape in his opening course. 5l effort led by ubout three lengths, hut rather overrunning himself at tho turn, allowed rhlUiim to get in. she, however, did not avail herself of thu chance. Melfort went ou again, and in a series of splendid exchanges which f»d)owcd he effected a win, ultimately killing. This was n remnrldibly well contested trial, though I'hlllina allowed a want of experience throughout. She, how ever, displayed u slight superiority of paco towards the finish In some of tho racing stretches. Commotion was u length faster Hum Castanet after an exciting struggle, but, losing Ids place instantly U;e hare broke, he had nothing more to say In the course, Casta net winning all cuds up, and only permitting her op ponent to ' --oro a couple of times hy favor. Leolino led Meter four lengths in a fino >lip, after opening with a couple of weak drives, she lost her pluee, and to tho surprise of everybody took no fur ther part against Meter, trho made a terrible example of Mr. J. 11. White's 275 guinea purchase. Lcolinc propped palps when Meter got on terms, and floun dered about like a ship tit aca. The result wr. a tre mendous facer to the Leollne faction. Wcrribeo Eve led .Simveller ten lengths, nnd afterwards run all over him, never giving hhn tho ghost of a chanco ; to score in u fino open trial to tho plantation. Mr. Chlrusldc's bitch ran this courso In fino style. Hed Hind, going in good form, raced right away from Lord IWiinitig, who went down next to pointless iu a fine open go to the escapes. .Second Hound : Quinine led Blessing thrco lengths, and Bwervlug round beautifully after her game rapidly ran up fivo points in nn artistic manner. Exchanges then took place, and Quinine again getting pos- bo.wion kept the hsro to herself, winning a well executed jtcrformauce, tho verdict never being in doubt, Glendubh was 111100 lengths faster than Purmlc, und knocking ovor a weak huro for Parade to pick up, the first named got off with an cxtreinuly fortunate win. In tho lead up Here's Luck pmccd a gap of ten lengths between himself nnd Marshal M'Mtihon for the opening point ; followlug this up by a continuation of strong wrenches, ho only allowed the Marshal to scoro 011c t beforo ho got In ugahi. Tho Marshal again got in just lieforo pnss escaped to cover, the course being very one sided in favor of Here's Luck. Lord Lyon hud an advantage of two lengths over Plea sant Girl from tho slips, and bo uuiintuimul tltLi until tho first turn was made. Ho then lost his plaeo, and afterwords was thoroughly beaten ut all parts of a good working trial, and was in a clear minority when I10 killed. Siesta led Master WHllo two lengths after au Interesting race, and put together fivo strong points to commence with; after an exchange. Master Willie flecked, but falling to hold, Siesta went ou hi command, and drove to covert u dcclslvo win ner. Tom Suyera shot past a bare length for tho turn, hut losing his place ob tho haro whipped bock Wilful Cheater took possession, und Retting to work in grand style, ho soon removed all doubt, making victory certain when ho kilted after favoring the blue for an occasional point. Wcrribeo Dove wus quickest to her huro by four lengths, and although sho ran wide, her pnee served her wKli n good narc, and la thu courso of a severe trial she defeated the Derby winner, the loser killing close to the plantation after a long run. Uobtist led up by a length, when tho haro jerked sharnlv back in favor of Curuuffamlte. Somo shorn cxchungca ensued, aud when Corungamlte killed tho judgo decided for Hobust. Rhodantho took u loud of six or seven lengths of Sostcuuto, and running with nil her old fire and cleverness, made a one-sided exhibition of tho blue, Ml'. Scott1 puppy going uown almost pointless. Mousoon showed most puco from the slips until Hearing tho haro. when Sliver King raced past him for tho first point und flecked the hare, Iho dogs Mien colliding. Silver King wus quickest on his legs, and ho thou leisurely out- scored his opponent hi tho remainder of thu trial, tho hate after all proving tlio best of tlio three. PnlnsiaUcr soon cleared out from General Gordon, and, keeping strong command, ho gavo ill adversary nn ! opportunity of scoring in a well run trial to Iho top of ! the ground. Dulhirut Winnie led 11 length after a splendid struggle, but, losing her placo as tho hurc deviated, l'liilU ine became placed for u pretty scoro ; after nn exchaugo Ihillarct Wiiuilo settled down in dustriously for several strong points, and succeeded hi sending up tiie ivhn'ing flog before tho haro mude good her escape. Master Wntson led Duchess of Kow fivo lengths for the turn, where he lost hia place, and thu Duchess afterwards experienced no difficulty in out working him, the haro proving too good for tho pate. Melfort got up live length in atlvunco of Merry Maid, aud, keeping hi place cleverly, lie ran up a strong Fcore.tUl at length ho shifted tho haro to tfie Maid, who instantly extinguished her chance by killing. Castanet led Meter fivo lengths, und scored three dcchsivo drives, ufter which she let tlio Mark in, the hitter making most of her opportunity by scoring u couple. Exchanges followed lo tho boundary fence, whoro Caatunet drova homo a winner. Werrlhco Eve drew clour of her kcnuol companion. Red Hind, at the end of 11 rare struggle, und making a wide sweep at tlio turn fdiu lot in the South Australian hitch, who quickly got to work, nod had more than squared accounts when puss again broke away. Some splendid give and tako work now ensued, every jmint icing hotly contested till the hare got home in safety, the verdict being in doubt uutti Mr. Gatcnby declared for Wcrribeo Eve. Tho card was read over at tho Union Club Hotel in tho overling, when somo spirited wugering was indulged iu at thu following quotations : — individual uoucses. Third Kotmd. 7 to 4 011 Qulnluo v. Glendubh (Ik.) 5 to 4 — Here's Luck v. riuusant Girl (Ik.) 7 to j — Siesta v. Wilful Chester (tkt) 3 to 2 — hobust v Werribeu Dovu (tk. ) 9 to 4 — IlluHluntko v. Silver King (tk.) 3 to 2 — Pnfnsiuker v. Eullarut Winnie (tk. 3 to 1 — Mo. fort v. Duchess of Kow (tk.) 3 to 2 — Ciutauet v. Wcrribeo Evo (tk.) Long Odds. 100 to20 agst. Melfort (tk. nnd off.) too to 18 Ithodanthe (tk. and wtd.) 100 to 12 — — Castanet (tk. and off.) 100 to 10 — — Siesta /tk und wtd.) 100 to 9 — — Wilful Chester (tk. and off.) 100 to 7 Quinine (tk. nnd wtd.) 100 to 7 — — Robust (tk. nud off.) 100 to 5 Werribco Eve (tk. und off.) 100 to S Here's Luck (tk. nnd off.) 100 to 4 — — Werribco l>ovu (off.) 100 to 4 — i'ulnstnker (tk. and off.) 100 to 4 — — Silver King (tk. and off.) 100 to 4 Glendubh (tk. and off.) 100 to 3 — Pleasant Girl (tic. and wtd.) 100 to 3 — Dncheis cf Kew (tk. and off.)' 100 to 3— - Llalhirut Wfaiulo (tk. and off.) 