Amateur Minstrel Entertainment. Tnii Mittagong minstrels preformed in the school ot arts, Bowrnl.on Friday night, September 23, to what the profession would call an illS.houar. The atten dance was not as large as might have been expected, renidonts of Mittagong forming at least about half the audience. This may possibly bo accounted for by the fact that during last week Iiowr.il had had n surfeit of entertainment. The programme was divided in three parts, namely,—part I, Christy Minstrels; part II, Ethiopian farco, "llum'ns from lioine, or Ajax and Hercules; " part III, farce, " Uo to Putney," Tho audiencc di:l not seoiu by any menus particularly appreciative during the Christy Minstrol part, ana it undoubtedly had a noticeable effect upon tho company. Consequently the first part " dragged." The two farces went very well particularly tho last, and elicited plenty of applause. Parti was as follows:—ovorture, "Mercantile Rowing Club" (waltz) Orchestra; oponing galop, Company ; opening chorus," See Saw, " Company ; song, " The Silver Rhine," Mr. M. A. Milliard; song, (comic) " Throw myself awny, " Mr. J Hook ; song, " Beneath tho Elm," Mr. W. Brazenall, junr.; song, (comic)" Hon Convention," Mr. A. Cuneo; song, "Only a Pansy Blossom, " Mr. A. Dawson; song, "Will you come to meet me, " Mr. H. B. King j finale, "Tho Ghost," Company. Mr. Ililliard sang in good voice and got through his song successfully without bringing the house down. Sir. Hook's comic song might have been a little more lively, although the chorus wont fairly well. Mr. Brazenall didn't sing badly by any means, notwithstanding that the audionce was dreadfully apathetic. Mr. Cuneo almost failed completely in Hen Convention." Mr. Dawson was to our mind about the mo3t suc cessful during tho evening, while Mr. King laboured under slight disabilities. Allowing for all defects, however, it was evident that in the company there was material that only wanted practice and attention to render it capable of going through a throughly good performance. The comicalities of Messrs. Hook and Cuneo wore given intelligently and with good effect. In part II, Rum'ns from Rome, tho following characters were allotted :—Chorkey Chump (an art collector), Mr. P. C. Kennedy ; Julius (otherwise Hercules), Mr. W. E. Keetley: Captain Smith, Mr. M. A. Milliard; Mr. Chips (from Rome), Mr.W. Stronge ; Joe (otherwise " Ajax"), Mr. J. Hooko ; Arabella Chump, Mr. W. Brazenall, junr. Tho make-up of Messrs. Keetley and IIool: called forth loud applause, and in their pcrformanco they acquitted themselves admirably, and were well supported by the other characters. Tho farce was lively all the way through, and took well with tho audience. Tho characters in part III were as follows :—Mr. Tom Highbury, Mr. G. C. Addison ; Capt. of tho "Saucy Dolphin," Mr. J. A. Maekay; Reginald Tripos (Tho Varsity eight), Mr. KcotloyTimothy Tripos (his brother), Mr. A. R. Strcot; Mrs. Dallas, Mrs. Durham ; Betty (her maid), Miss. A. Draper ; Mrs. 6reen(a mystery),Mr. W. Brazenall. junr. Two ladies, it will be senn took part in "(Jo to Putney," and when tho curtain rose and thy appeared on the stage things generally appeared greatly elevated. Mrs. Durahm acted her part with a gracoful ease and confidence that was very pleasing to that portion of the audience that went there preparod to bo pleasod. Miss Draper also performed her part with mucli credit to herself, her manner and action being quite the reverse to what is known as " stagey." " Go to Putney" was in every way a success and Messrs. Addiseo, Macltay,. and Keetley are especially deserv ing of the greatest praise. With bettor stage arrange ments we are quite satisfied that the piece would have been gone through in a manner worthy of reputed professionals. The orchestra did not specially distinguish itself ~ but we are given: to understand that it laid very little practice, tlie music only being available about a week before the performance came oil. Under the circumstances it may be cspectcd to greatly im prove. During tho evening Mr.. King returned thanks, and mentioned Unit it was proposed to bring oil an entertainment in which the leading players of the Mittagong, liowral, and Moss Vale clubs should take- part. But since tho idea has been suggested we hear that it does not meet the approval of tho Bowral amateurs. "God save tho Queen" brought the? entertainment to a close. 