V.A.T.C.—CAULFIELD RACES. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT) There was a capital day's racing at Caulheld this afternoon, and the weather being fine the attendance was large. In connection with the Steeplechase, as the subjoined details show, a bad mistake occurred,: but,it was notioed that Granville, the winner in the first case, again came in first when the‘event was run over. ;In .connection with the Glen Hnntly Handicap , the owner of Velocipede, Mr \Y J. Smart,' was fined £2O . for late scratching. . Huht, who successfully piloted Granville, hurt bis leg against a poet during the last race, and several jockeys were stunned by their falls,'. Jbut nothing more serious, occurred; There is a matter in connection.. with the course that might receive some attention from the com mute. In the centre, of the-flat is a large irregular waterhole with an island in the centre, whioh is a perfect eyesore, but co,uld be made ornamental and pleaeiog to the eye by a little further excavating and the planting of some small shrubs. Selling Race. MrS. Miller’s br f Wanna (Twomey) .. .. 1 Mr J. Simpson’s br g (Blair) . • • .. 2' Mr R. Thunlng'a b g Jack Ashers (Robertson) ... 8 Estrella and Lady Loch also started. Latest betting—Even money Warina, 3 to 1 bar one. A good start was effected, Lady Loch.going.ro the front. Warina then. took the lead, with .Jack Ashore third. At the turn, the'Same order was maintained, but the favourite was under the whip, and coming up the straight Sunstroke came with a .grand' spurt, and almost overhauled Warina,.'but the favourite just won.oa the post, Lady Loch fourth, and Estrella last. The winner was bought .in at £2O. Time. 1 rnin.6 eee. ;>• Handicap Hurdle. Race. ' ‘MrT. G. Wright’s br m Minerva (M Lood) - ■ .. 1 Sir H. Chitney's b g Chatsworth (Charton) .. 2 MrJ. JJ Gill's b g ; Dunleary (Allen; 31b over) .. 3 The following' also Btarted—Royal Maid, Despatch, Sinking .Fundi Tattler, Chatsworth, Pride of Oaklands, Zona, A good start wai effected, and Dunleary followed by Chatsworth. was the. first to 'cross the initial :hurdle. The other b passed in a bunch.close up . excepting Peacock, a bad last... Doing up the,' bill .Dunleary ‘had increased , hie. lead and Tattler had passed Chatsworth, .Sinking Fund being third/ Rounding the.side;o( i the' course Dunleary was four lengths ahead, and; on the rise at the back bad increased his advantage to ten lengths. At the back Zona' was second ’ with Tattler and Chatsworth third and fourth, and Peacock still a bad last. This order 1 w>B maintained for a shbrtdistance when Despatch passed Chatsworth, and then Tattler quickly running ; into third place. ..Approachiug the sod wall. Chatsworth again came, up, and at the wall was running level with Dunleary, Minerva, and Sinking Fund came up near tbe turn, when Chatsworth was leading. A good race, however ensued, Minerva taking the lead, and but little alteration otherwise took place. The finishing order being Minerva, Chatsworth, Dunleary, Sinking Fuad, Tattler, Royal Maid, Peacock last. Won by a length'. Time, 3mio. Glen Huntlv Handicap. Mr J. Harper'ijb g tTncis (Cracknel!) .. I Mr W. Nell's bl h Duration (Brown) .. .. 2 Mr K. W. Ellis'ch k Lord Wilton (Shandj ..3 The following also started:—Grace Darling, The Ghost, Surprise, Muscat, Bohemian, East Lynne, Yellow Hammer. Latest betting—7 to and Uncus, 3 to 1 Surprise, 5 to 1 Duration, 7 to 10 to' 1 others. A good start was effected, Grace Darling and Surprise going to tbe front. Surprise, then assumed .the lead, and at the back of tbe course Grace Darling was Becond, with Tbe Ghost, Uncas, and Muscat next in order. Further- round Surprise still led, but East Lynne had passed Uncas; Muscat was then seeond. Much the same order was main tained to the straight, when Lord Wilton came up, Duration also being to .the fore. Uucas then came with a rush, and, after a good race, the favorite won by a length, Duratiou second, Lord Wilton third, East Lynne fourth, Grace Darling filth, Yellow Hammer last. Time, 1 min. 45 sec. Handicap Steeplechase. Through a piece of unexampled buDgling on the part of the club this event resulted in a fiasco. A good start had been effected, and on approaching- the straight it was seen that something was wrongs lustead 'of going into the straight the . competitors were . force 'to remain on the fiat, and discovering their error refused the fence. They then turned back, jumped into the straight and continued, com ing jin Granville,' first; Blackthorn, second; 1 and Beresford,' third. It was teen that the gates from the flat to straight at home turn had not been removed 1 from some oversight. The judges deliberated for a few minutes, and then Mr Purves declared that tho race* was no race. He said it had been run' on a course notgprepared for it, and obstacles had been left on the course to error; Tho committee considered this mußt have equally misled all taking part, and it would be run again. He also announced that the committee declared all beta off. The decisions w-re received with much cheering, and in reply to enquiries Mr Purves stated that the event would be run after the Armadale Handicap, the last event on the card. The Armadale Handicap. Mr R. Lovo’s borbr h Topaz (Hyman) .. .. 1 Mr A. H-linbourg’s b h at. Lawrence (Saunder ) 2 Mr a. Qrimwood's b h Meander (Williams) ' 3 The following also started:; —Ace, Meander, Hanuibal, Seaweed, Distiller, Delamia, Mookra, Nuncio, Gipsy's Warning, Bon Bon, Moab, Burra Burra. Latest bitting—3 to 1 Topaz, 4- to 1 Meander, 6 to 1 Ace and St. Law rence, Btol Seaweed. The only poiut iu the race was a splendid finish, with the result given above. Time, 1 min. 11 sec. Handicap Steeplechase. Mr R. Phillips' br li Granville (Huht) .. .. 1 Mr El. Martin's b g Native (Bird) .. .. 2 Mr J. Pilbrow's b g Clarence (Creo) .. ..3 The foil-wing also started Blackthorn, Kingston, Tandstickor, Beresfo: and, Native, Pride of the Hills, Vallor, Topsail, and Chester Latest batting—3 to 1 Clareuce, 4 to 1 Dollar and Native, 6to 1 to 10 to 1 others. From tbe Btart Dollar led for some time and at the back of the course Native and Topsail came next but on approaching the Bod wall the two last changed places. A good race to the stand ensued, the jumps being tak-n in fine etyle, and passing the stand Clarence was in front followed by Native, Dollar, Topsail, Granville and Beresford in the order named. Clarence waa still leading going up the hill with Native and Granville next and Beresford fourth. Topsail then ran off aud at the back Kingston went down. Native then headed Clarence aud Beresford ran into third place which at the sod wall these were followed closely by Dollar, Granville and Tandsticker. Calamities ensued and at the next fence Tandstickor ,and Beresford felt' their running very rider less. In the straight, Native hid as sumed 'the lead, with Granville second and Chester coming up fast on the outside. A fine finish ensued, and Granville won by a good . half length from Native, Clarence a fair third. Time, 4 min. 26 eec. - - 