OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. OURS is a land of pulpits—our city a city of churches— and what those pulpits are teaching is a matter of the first importance to the community. The Rev. W, R. Fletcher is therefore to be congratulated on the earnest efforts he is making to bring his teaching into contact with the daily life of men. "Hard Times" was his subject the other day, and last Sunday he chose for his theme "Legislation and Morality." The relationship between religion, morality, and legislation is thus illustrated. With the fractured and diseased body politic to deal with, legislation with its legal amputating knife acts the surgeon, morality with its maxims of behaviour plays the part of a wise old nurse, and religion aims at curing the sources of trouble, and calls herself the good consulting physician. Then Mr. Fletcher drops religion to consider "legislation aud morality," but in doing this it seems to me that he first divorced them in order to attempt a re-marriage on another principle. Over and over again the connection between legislation and morality has been repudiated both inside Parliament and out of it, and it is probable that religion is the only link that can bind them together. Then the following sentence is somewhat perplexing:—" The great end of morality is rightness of conduct, and the final test of that rightness for each man is his own conscience." I think not. Two things are stated ia this sentence; in the first I find confusion, and in the second an error. THE GREAT END OF MORALITY, says Mr. Fletcher, is rightness of conduct. The great end ? Is it not rather the beginning ? Morality is rightness of conduct, and rightness of conduct is morality. Moral law is no doubt at the back of morality, but morality is that law translated into conduct which, according to Matthew Arnold, constitutes three-fourths of human life. As to the error, it is that the final test of rightness for each man is his own conscience. So far is this from being the case that the strongest argument for the necessity of a moral law with Divine sanction is found in the contradictory standards of right adopted by different people. Socrates, who had the insight to perceive this, declared that every attempt to reform mankind was useless unless the teacher came from God, i.e., we needed the authority that binds us to righteousness. Take an illustration. A traveller in a distant country crossing the snows found the cold intense ; he was chilled and numb, and yet his thermometer only showed that the cold was of a degree that he ought to be able to bear. The secret of the difficulty was that the mercury in the thermometer was frozen; it had ceased to act! Scripture recognises that such a process often takes place in the human conscience ; it is seared with a hot iron. How can it guide as then ? A CHRISTMAS DINNER. The Linden garden party on St. Andrew's Day given by the Hon. A. Hay was a brilliant success, and T know nothing more likely to restore the mutual confi dence among our citizens, the absence of which in these hard times BO many deplore. But our next want is some one who will give a feast according to the Gospel standard and call in the poor, and maimed, and blind, and lame. It was, therefore, a seasonable question when the Commissioner of Public Works was asked the other day could the Government devise some temporary work at once to enable the men to earn enough to get a Christmxis dinner ? I don't like the thought of anyone in Adelaide being minus of a feast at ChriBtmas. Who will provide one for those who, unless this is done, will not find in the festive season another pleasing association added to their life? The fool in one of Charles Kingsley's stories used to say that not heaven itself could deprive him of all the good dinners he had eaten, and I should like every working man to be secure on that point at Christmas. Who will do it? Early recollections is revived by such an interesting question. How pleasing it was in boyhood to count the weeks up to the time when the roast goose and plum pudding were to appear at the Christmas dinner. Almonds and raisins, crackers and cakes, misletoe and kisses—what a high time it was. Up to a certain point I greatly admire THE EFFORTS OV THE FIELD NATURALISTS to extend their knowledge and promote their enjoyment. But when I come to the Latin names with countless syllables in which they delight a ghost rises up before me, the ghost which, when I was a great deal younger than I am now, frightened me from the study of botany for ever. The coach drive, the sympathetic companionship, the hill covered with wild flowers, the panoramic view of the city and the sea, and especially the strawberry picnic. These are things which I could appreciate, but what am I to do when I am told that shivering grass is Briza maxima ? that blue bells are Wallenbergia gracilis ? that honeysuckle is Banksia margniata ? and that the Forget-me-not is Cynoglossum Australis ? All this is too much for me, it would not only spoil my English but spoil the very flowers whose poetry would be destroyed by such unearthly names. The amiable writer of the report deplores the fact that they had no scientific leader which I presume accounts for the party getting lost in the following scrub. On getting near the foot of the hill Tricoryne elatior, Hypericum japonicum, Burchardia umbeleata,Haloragisteucriordes, Helichrvsum apiculatum, and Goodenia geniculata. How long I wonder did they linger in that interesting locality ? The discovery of A CAVE ON YORKE'S PENINSULA is romantic enough to remind one of the opening scene in the " Coming Race," by Lord Lytton. A Mr. G. H. Elliot comes upon it while sinking a hole to bury a cow. " After removing the turf and stones from the surface, I found to my astonishment a quantity of loose earth and stones disappearing below, so that I found myself in a large cavity. Not knowing the extent of the discovery, I worked away, and at last made sufficient space to let myself in, when lo and behold! I found the entrance to a huge cavern, with a span of roof which would cover at least half an acre. The next day we took lights, and after going the full extent of the upper appartment we came to the mouth of another cave, which was more lofty than the first. At the entrance of this we found a pool or stream of water beautifully clear, bnt in taste brackish. We went in from this cave to others, some of them being dry and some containing water. The way became intricate, but their appearance was wonderfully grand, chiefly on account of colossal stones thrown upon oneanother throughout the caverns. On coming to the upper cavern again, we cleared away more debris from the mouth, and made another excursion, finding other chambers of larger extent." It strikes me forcibly that these subterranean caves lead under the sea to Coobowie Bay into deep water. Here is a chance for our scientists to distinguish themselves. All heathen deities were more or less localised, but the God of the Christian is universal, or as a little girl is reported to have said, He is everywhere, and there is no room for another. Foreign missions are, therefore, in strict harmony with this belief, and it is a department of Christian work in which the Wesleyan Church has always played a distinguished part. This year the Rev. John Leggoe and a Fijian youth of eighteen, named J. Ratabua have been appointed as deputation to South Australia. The following figures taken from the report read at the Pirie-street meeting will give an idea of the extent of the work being done in Samoa, Fiji, New Britain, and among the Chinese in Victoria:—Churches, 964; other preaching places, 392; European missionaries, 19; native missionaries, 60 ; local preachers, 1,916; church members, 28,478; on trial, 2,816; catechumens, 2,816; Sabbath schools, 1,582; Sabbath-school teachers, 2,589; Sabbathschool scholars, 44,678; day-schools, 1,931; day scholars, 42,957. Attendance at public worship, 108,881; income in 1884, £12,981. Of this amount the natives raised £5,027, and the colonies £879., The expenditure, which had balanced the income, was as follows:—Samoa, £1,076 ; Fiji, £5,578; New Britain, £2,530; Chinese mission, £1,378,, How do the contributions of so- called freethinkers compare with these figures ? ALEC FORBES. 