Ishmael.* CHAPTER XXXVII. "LET HIM DRINK AND FORGET HIS POVERTY." BY M.E. BRADDON, AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET, "VIXEN," "THE GOLDEN CALF," ETC. HALF-AN-HOUR later and the festival was be ginning to wane. Above the many- coloured lights of the garden—rose coloured lights, azure, and amber, and sapphire, and emerald, a fairy illumination—the moon was sloping westward, while the clear cold eastern sky grew clearer, colder, brighter, with an almost ghasty brightness, ghaaty in its effects upon some of those unmasked faces talking, laughing, drinking in the great circular marquee, still thronged with revellers, Borne of whom had been eating and drinking and talking and flirting for an hour and more, while others had gone away and come back again, and while some had only just torn themselves away from the ball-room to come in at the fag-end of the feast The mere sober among the revellers were going home, scared by that opal light in the east. Faded beauties had resumed their masks. Mystification was rife; aome among tho revcllera all the moro easily puzzled, per haps, after their enjoyment of tne Clavaroche champagne, which was of the best brand ever landed on tho quays of Bercy yonder, where, beforo the aristocratic night was over, the docks would be astir with the beginning of the working day. In the ball-room the waltzera were revolving to a atrango wild music, a Cossack melody, dissonant, almost diabolical in its shrill minor, with a strange staccato accompaniment of violoncellos and double basses, as of a dance of witches round a cauldron. The flame of the candles, the flash of crystals, the interwoven rose garlands made a cloud of rosy light above the dancers, the mirrors on tho wall reflected and multiplied tho motley throng, until it seemed an endless carnival, stretching into in finite distances. Tho clocks of Paris were striking three when Ishmael re-entered the ball-room with Lady Constance on his arm on the way to her carriage. For more than an hour thoy had sat talking in the shadow of the magnolias, while the light feet of pleasure passed and repassed upon the velvet lawn. He had told her hia name, and the Btory of his boyhood at Pen Hoc'l, hia stepmother's jealousy, his father's mdi If erence. He had not even shrunk from the terrible revclationa of hia mother's guilty flight —but this he had touched on with but fewest words. The details of disgrace were untold; it was only in extenuation of his father's unkind ness that he confessed his mother's dishonour. But of hia marriage, and of P&querette;'s sin, he said nothing. It was enough in hia own mind that he had spoken of a tie now severed. Constance would draw her own inferencea He could not bring himself to enter upon the miserable story of hia wedded life. And now they were going to part for a few hours, with the sweet certainty of meeting daily, of being together in a privileged companionship day by day, until the hour of those espousals which should blend two Uvea into one. Each felt that in the other lived the one friend and companion who could make existence perfect. There was a sympathy, a sense of truthfulness and security, rarely felt even between true lovers. Two minds that had ripened slowly in the double school of thought and experience, two hearts tried and tested, bound themselves in a solemn and sacred union—and in neither was there the shadow of wavering. Each knew that this union of heart and mind meant true and lifelong love. As they crossed the ball-room they were met by Amelie, with her three-cornered hat stuck jauntily on one side, and her eyes sparkling with mischief. "Such fun!" she exclaimed to Lady Constance * "the two poets are here. The little Vicomte, dressed as Ronsard—euch a pretty costume —only he has to explain it to everybody and even then nine out of ten have not the least idea who Ronsard was: people are ao ignorant," added the columbine contemptuously. " Yes, people are ignorant," said Keratry, laughing at ner. " I don't think you knew much about Ronsard till I told you half-an hour ago. Yes, Lady Constance, they are both here. The poor devil who scrawls in a garret; and the dainty little man who publishes his carmine sedition with Firmin-Didot. The petitcreve and the teinturier, and I'm afraid after the manner in which I saw the teinturier disposing of the Clavaroche cognac in the buffet just now there may be an explosion of some kind bof ore he leaves the ball." " How did he get here ?" aakod Constance, who had been told all about that literary interview in the quartier Latin. " I can guess how it all came about," ex claimed Amelie, who was always eager to givo information. "Hortense has been plaguing the poor little Vicomte to write some verses about this ball, descriptive, satirical, personal, the sort of thing to set halt Paris by tho ears ; and, knowing his own incapacity, the little wretch has extorted a card from Madame Clavaroche, and has brought his friend from the quartier Latin—the author of Mes Nuits Blanches." " Mes Nuits Blanches," repeated Ishmael. " What do you know of tho man who wrote that book, mademoiselle ?" "Ah, Monsieur Ishmael," cried Amelie; "is that you ? How can you venture to wear the cap of liberty in a house which is Imperialist to tho last degree ? What do I know of the author of Mes Nuits Blanches? Very littlo; but he and Monsieur do Keratry are liko brothers." "You know Hector de Valnois?" Baid Ishmael; " and he is here to-night!" " A man who wrote a book of verses called Mas Nuils Blanches is here to-night, dressed as Frant-ois Villon, and I am afraid not in a condition to do credit to the Muses," replied do Keratry; " but, as the father of our lyric poets was an arrant Bohemian and blackguard, that hardly matters. Wore Villon here in the flesh he would no doubt be as drunk as his representative. The man I mean calls himself Monsieur Nimporte, and lives in a little street at the back of the Luxembourg. Do you know his real name and his history ?" "I knew something about him many years ago," answered Ishmael, as he passed on to the vestibule with Constance on his arm. The courtyard was full of carriages, and the grave old street beyond was illuminated by the long rows of carriage lamp;*, garish in the pearly light of morning. Lady Constance and her companion had to wait some time for her brougham to be brought up to the door. ~* The copyrißht of " Ishmaol" for Queensland nas been purchased by the BrlsbaneNewspaper Company, Limited. They stood side by Bide under tho marquise, amidst the orange trees and rose bushes which decorated the double flight of steps and tho wide stately doorway—stood and .talked to each other, happy in the new sweet sense of union. Yet no longer on Ishmael's part was the gladness without alloy. He was thinking of his false friend, tho traitor, the seducer, the destroyer. He was waiting with feverish eagerness for the moment which was to bring them face to face at last, after long years, by accident, in a crowded ball-room. What matter where they met, so that they stood sword in hand, foot to foot, at last ? As he parted with Constance at the door of her brougham, and as ho bent once moro to kiss the gloved hand, there was a gloomy vision before his eyes. Ere the world were a day older this now delicious dream of life might end for him suddenly amidst the thickening shadows of a bloody death. He watched the carriage roll awoy in tho circular sweep of the court-yard through tho pillared gateway, and then ho went back to tho ball-room and to the garden beyond to look for his enemy—the bitter foo whose face he had never seen since they parted in friendship, hand clasping hand, smiling lips uttering fair words. How diligently he had sought for this man in tho years that were past and gono, using all known means of search, employing those skilled in hunting down their fellow men, and all his inquiries had been in vain. All his hired agents had failed, and now, upon this night abovo all other nights—this magical ineffable hour in man's life—in the first hour of triumphant lovo—he was told that tho traitor was under the same roof that sheltered him, the injured husband. Ho thought of Paquerette in the days of her innocence, unspoiled by the knowledge of evil. He thought of their child, lying in her little grave in the field of rest. He thought of Piiquerette's death, the ghastly story of which he had heard a few hours ago—that lonely death on a rotten ship far out in tho lonely Pacific; and was he to spare this man when they should stand face to face? It was in the garden—chosen resort of the revellers and the drinkers—the people who eat half-a-dozen suppers in an evening, the men who would rather sit in corners and smoke and drink absinthe or kitsch than waltz to the music of the first band in Paris, under a shower of fading rose leaves. It was among the fast and the furious that Ishmael looked for his foe. The garden was crowded with maskers, and had a look as of a witch's Sabbath in tho cold clear dawn; a light which gave a ghastly look to common things and made the entrance to the great striped marquee, with its flare of light and clamour of voices and glaro of gewgaw decoration, seem like the entrance to Topbet Ishmael walked slowly in and out among the groups of revellers, half in the light of Chinese lanterns, lurid, multi-coloured, half in the steel-bluo morning. Ho walked in and out by winding pathways, amidst great masses of evergreens, so arranged as to give an air of space and grandeur to the town garden, till he came to a group around a fountain—a wide marble basin, with a marble Triton spouting water high up into the morning air. A man was sitting on the broad margin of the basin, spouting verse —a man in a shabby mediaeval costume, rusty velvet doublet, black trunk hose, pointed shoos, a broken rope hanging loose round his neck, suggestive of that hangman's noose which Maitro Villon so narrowly escaped. A thin wasted figure—a pale face, with iron-gray hair flowing in tho morning breeze; a sickly pallor that gave a spectral air to the light blue eyea just now illuminated with the fever of strong drink. " Bravo, Maitre Francois!" cried tho little audience when the poet paused. Ishmael stood outside the circle, looking at the pale wan face, at the tremulous hands with which tho poet took bottle and glass from ono of his audience and poured out a bumper of champagne. "Do you know, gentloraon-, that Widow Oliquot and I have been strangors for years," he said in his drunken voice; "A ta sante ma belle veuve, thou art the poet's only nepenthe!" Ho drank a long draught, and then flung his gloss into the fountain, shattering it into splinters that flew like a shower of diamonds across the sparkling waters. "A Jewish wedding,"he cried, "symbol of eternal union—tho marriage of tho poet and the queen of vineyards, la belle Cliquot." And thon he burst again into verse, maundering verse, a pot-pourri of Villon, Ronsard, Voiture; the lees and rinsings of a memory that had once been richly stored. His limbs had the spasmodic trembling of the absinthe-drinker. Those pale eyes of his had the look that forebodes a day when tho brain behind them will be a blank. Ishmael pushed through the crowd, and gripped the troubadour by tho shoulder. " Hector de Valnois!" he said in a loud voice; " you wero once a man, and in those days you were a consummate scoundrel, the seducer of tho innocent and simple, the betrayer of your friend. In those days—thirteen years ago —I wrote you a letter. I have been waiting for the answer ever since. lam waiting still. In that letter I threatened to strike you in tho open street if we two met before I was sure of my revenge. I would strike you to-night, here —spurn you like a dog, disgrace you before your fellow-men—if you were in your right senses. But I would almost as soon strike a woman as a drunken driveller like you. For to-night you arc safe; but unless you are a coward lower than common cowards you will send mc an answer to my letter to-morrow morning. You know my name. I live in the Place Royale." " Bravo, Monsieur Carmagnole, A la lanterns witb your foe." cried the chorus round tho poet. Ishmael had held that wasted figure in a firm grip, as he spoke, his lingers clutched in the collar of the doublet. He loosed his hold suddenly, turned on his heel and walked away, the crowd parting beforo him. The poet broke into a peel of shrill laughter, chuckled and crowed, rolled over in very exuberance of hysterical mirth, and tumbled backwards into the fountain, amidst a chorus of laughter from the crowd. " (Test epatant," said one. "On se tord," cried another; while a good Samaritan, dressed like the old provencal Bluebeard, with ferocious azure niottstachios, pulled tho poet out of the marble basin. lie looked round at them wildly, shivering iv every limb. "Ishmael," he muttered, "Ishmael! tho man whose life I saved on the 4th of December. So much for gratitude! I'll go home. My coach, gentlemen, my coach, a>; Ophelia says in Shakt-peare'-* play. Tieck and Schleg<*l H tho best translation; not do Vigny, not even Charles Hugo. There is no good French Hamlet. My coach, gentlemen. But where is my friend, the little poet—Baudelaire in miniature—Musset pour rire— Ronsard, Voi ture, the little Vicomte de Pontchartrain?" His voice rose shrill above the crowd as ho crossed the lawn towards the open windows of the great roBC-garlandcd salon, where tho dance was dying away slewly, softly, in its last languid circles to the waltz in Gounod's Faust. Two of those last dancers, Ronsard and a Grecian Sibyl, heard that drunken call from tho threshold. To one it was a sound full of alarm. " Pardon me," said the Vicomte, letting fall his partner's hand and leaving the white-robed sibyl alone in the sea of dancers deserted, deso late as Ariadne at Naxos. " I must go to my friend." And then, having darted across the room to the open window at which Valnois stood shivering in his wet black raiment, ashy pale, the very ghost of pleasure and revelry, Pont chartrain caught him roughly by tho arm and exclaimed: "In Heaven's name come away! What do you mean by making a spectacle of yourself ?" " Only remembering tne days that arc gone. Will you take me to ray den in your carriage ? or shall I go straight to Sainte-Annc. lam fitter for the hospital than anywhere else — except my grave." They went out together. It was a hurried exit which gave no opportunity for any adieu to Hortense. She had gone back to her mother, who was sitting on a divan in the vestibule among a littlo cluster of chaperons, powdered ft la Pompadour, gorgeous in brocade and diamonds, or with high curling heads A la Maintenant, yawning behind thoir fans, desperately weary. For the middle-aged the end of such mirth is heaviness. Madame Jarze sent some ono in quest of tho Columbine, who was one of the last dancers in this last waltz, but who answered the maternal summons reluctantly. "It is the lost ball of tho season, mamma," she said discontentedly; "you need not hurry us away." " Hurry!" echoed Hortense, chagrined at Apollo's desertion, " why, we havo made our selves a spectaclo by stopping after all the best people have gone. Even Madame Clavaroche has disappeared, and I bclievo the baron went to bed ages ago." "Poor baron, how pleasant it must have been to him to Bee people laughing at his wife," said Keratry. " That is the great advantage of a masked ball," replied Amelie, " one can laugh at one's best friends with every appearance of innocence. When we come to the baroness's afternoon causerie next week we ahall all be serious and tell her that she looked lovely as la belle Helcne." [to be continued.] 