A POX CAUGHT IN BOS OWN TRAP. MB. JAMES "Fox was the junior partner In the firmofPlumley and Fox, tbe principal sotici$ors( m the somewhat - dead-alive old Cathedral town. of Slumborough. He 'was a smart, well-s?et-up young mail, of. two or three and thirty, with carefully trimmed black whiskers, a silken manner, and an unlimited flow of more or less entertaining small talk. Hence it came to pas?, that he was an exceed ingly popular man among the ladies of Slumborough, both old and young, and, had bis views lain in the direction of matrimony, he * would have had small difficulty in inducing any bashful damsel or frisky widow to share his lot. But the . handsome solicitor was am bitious ; his share ?_ in the business did not at present bring him in more than, a moderate income, and he had long; a 20 determined that when he-married' he TQUBt consider not only beauty, but more solid advantages. Heiresses, However, were not plenti ful in Slumborough, and so, although Mr. Fox's attentions frequently flut tered a virgin bosom, he was careful not to commit himself too far, and not even ti»e <«vretps could fmvlv sav of him thatTTelaad compromised a re putation or knowingly raised false hopes. There was, indeed, one young lady who had made a deep impression upon the; solicitor's heart, but Bhe was the daughter <>f a : country magnate with whom poor Mr. Fox was not even on visiting terms. He had met her at the Annual Hunt Ball, she had danced twice with' him, for Mr. Fox was an excellent wialtzer 3 -but her mother had doubtless warned her against him, for when next they met some six weeks afterwards, Miss Xiaqaerton passed the unfortunate man without so much as a bow. Miss Laquerton, however^ was lovely and rich, and Mr. Fox was not a man to be easily discouraged. He knew that if he could only afford to cut jthe office blossom into a landed proprietor, he would have just as goijd a chance with her as anybody else, so he waited patiently in the hopes of one day dis covering the road which leads to fortune and success. Thft firm of Plumley and Fox was a highly respectable and old-fashioned concern which avoided litigation, and kept almost entirely to family basiness. Plumley was a fairly good -lawyer, but Fox's legal knowledge; was of the most limited character, and he was much too lazy to take the trouble to increase it. So it came, to be. understood -between them that while Plumley did the office work, Fox kept the clients in good humour by '.calling on. them apropos of nothing, arid amusing them with his jokes and stories. This business was technically, termed " keeping the con nection together," and it suited Mr. Fox. very woll iDdcc;]. thus Iteejnng this cohnectfon together that Mr. Fox made the acquaintance of a certain rich old widow' lady, named Mrs. Johnson, and so well did hie play his cards that before long Plumley and. Fox . became Mrs. Johnston's femily solicitors, land agents, and confidential advisers. The firm made a pretty good thing out of Mrs. Johnson. In accordance with the usual arrangement,. Plumley, transacted the business, and Fox. became a constant visitor at her home, and worked his way into her good graces by his wonderful powers of amasiug conversation. ,There was yet another accomplishment which stood our solicitor in , reiy good 'stead, arid this was an an accurate ..knowledge of chemistry and medicine, which he.had" picked up as . a boy in the shop of; his uncle, the chemist. The'.-horrible smells young Foxhad ci^tedirihi^ hands, determined him. to forsake, medicine for the law, but he never entirely forgot his early experiences. He could , talk .fluently about.every known drug and disease, and about« great many which had not yet^beendis-.; covered; he diagnosed Mrs. Johnson's , symptoms at least as accurately is Mac Bolus, the Scotch doctor, and-'would2 even have perscribed for her had not the stalwart Scot angrily threatened to :kick him if he did so. Bathe retained a veiy prominent place in the old lady's affections, and it began to be "whispered about that he had ak excellent chance of succeeding to her veiy considerable J property. ..... ? The disposalofMrs. Johnson's money was a matter which had long furnished speculation of unfailing interest to the ^ town of Sljumborough, atid filled many a yawning gap in conversation at affcer uooo teas. Mrs. Johnson had but one relative in the world, Miss Lizze Roberts, the daughter of her late sister. ; This young lady, however,, it was' agreed, had not the slightest chance of being mentioned in her aunt's will. A. handsome, well-bred girl, she was left at her parents' death to make her own way in the world, inheriting ,the battle of life, and the dislike of Mrs. Johoson, who had not seen the child since it quitted -the baby-clotlies. The strange antipathy was traceable, as some people said, to times long gone by, ! when Mr. Roberts, Lizzie's father, then I renowned for his manly beauty, had been an assiduous visitor at the house of Mrs. Johnson's parents. , She, being the-elder daughter, and taking all his attentions for herself, had felt it keenly as a personal insult when her sister dared " to snatch him away" ; and even latter Oi^jifW- -haviwg mgde a -uiucir mote brilliant match liereelf, she never could foifflvo tHw-eftriv- ffeFcnt. Death even had not buried the grudge, which not unnaturally passed from mother to child. : How far this saying may have been true or not, one thing was certain; poor Lizzie Roberts had not the ghost of a chance of ever seeing a single penny from her aunt's money box; her claims were clearly quite out of the ques tion. There remained, then, only Miss Nelly Brown, Mrs. Johnson's lady companion, and Mr. James Fox. Mr. James Fox knew from his'part ner, who had cautioned hiin in a friendly way, that Mrs. Johnson.was not going to divide her fortune, bat would leave the whole of it to her '. truest friend," though she had evidently not yet made :Up her mind upas to who deserved that title. More than once had Mr. Plumley been suddenly summoned to draw up a new will; so slight an an noyance as a cold cap of tea having caused her to destroy the one in Miss .Nelly's favor. Then two days' neglect on the part of Mr. Fox, and a constant supply of hot tea at the hands of Miss Nelly, again reinstated this lady in Mrs. Johnson's good graces, Mr. Fox therefore bad good cause for anxiety as to what would be the exact state of affairs when the old lady was finally called upon to join , the majoritv. ' With such an old woman,' he said to himself, * who is i-eady to make a new will any day and to] burn, it the.: next, there is no dependence, one's future hangs upon a whim ; a remedy must be fonud. The safest thing would of course be to make love to Miss Nelly; she is rather < thirtyish,' and altogether not very attractive; still, af nho weiu tw gi'6 'all Mi'fi iiicmey/"slie would be anything but undesirable.' So Mr. James Fox set to work at once to make himself agreeable to Miss Brown, yet without going too far ; for he had by no means forgotten Miss 3 jaqusrfcon, but he felt it was better to have two strings to his bow, and there fore he determined to dp his best to keep Miss .Nelly in gopd humour. This lady, however, was npt so easily satisfied as the solicitor expected; for now be had once begun to pay her attentions, she wanted a decided offer-j of marriage* and not being able to get it, she took ? refuge in a stratagem. ! This consisted in her suddenly making the discovery that Mrs. Johnson's health was in absolute want of sprue German, waters-in fact, she decided that it was quite dangerous for her to' spend the spring in England, with ail the changes of heat and cold. The old lady was therefore soon persuaded to yield to such tender solicitude, and away i the couple went, leaving Mr. James Fox in a rather awkward dileinna. What was he to do 1 If he wrote cooi letters to Miss Nelly, she would be offended, and all his chances would be lost in the event of her inheriting Mrs. Johnson's property; on the other hand if he played the part of a lover, he committed himself, and gave her the materials for a breach of promise case shonld the good lady die when his name only figured in her will, and should he then turn hia attention to JDm Laquerton. What, then, could he do? The worthy Fox was baffled for the moment, but after deep deliberation he Jwtujjon^ajjr^tW^ which his chemical studies sugg^tecTto him. Chuckling remixed them till a magnificent black ink waB produced, which had the grand advantage that in aboiit ten days' after being committed to paper it would fade away, without leaving the slightest trace. Emboldened by the happy re-, suit of his experiments, he became at; lOnce the most tender and zealous cor- j respondent any woman could wish for. j His letters, in fact, overflowed with j promises of everlasting devotion. Miss My beamed with joy ; for she was now convinced how true and unselfish was the attachment of her admirer.' Under such circumstances it was not surprising that the" German waters Speedily did Mrs. Johnson so much good that.her careful. nurse considered that the cure could jbe shortened, and j accordingly the couple returned to England much earlier than had been j expected. > j Whether, however, the waters had really disagreed with the old lady, or something else had upset her, wasriever ;quite clear, but soon'after thsir return ? to England her health , and strength' began seripusly to feiL Shecomplained ; bitterly that Miss Nelly had induced ] her to under-takean unnecessary j useless journey, and that ever«ince ske had neglected her altogether. The end : of it was.that onexlay, in the height of her anger, she burnt the tfaen^existing J wljl, and made. Mr. James JFox sple heir to' everything she possessed. This decision seemed to have exhausted her i remaining energy, for ' she died ^notl many days after. ' - I *Mr." Fox, who had 'been - apprised of the state of affairs by bis partner and friend, almost lost his senses with joy; still his excitement did not prevent hitn investing some money in, hatbands and I crape, pnd looking as mouroful.as if the j sorrows-of-the whole iforid iwfed flJWD 1 his :-sboulders.' Miss Nelly, too^altaost | melted away in tears, and could only be j comforted by 'her Jamie,' as she now j called Mr. Fox. But the latter-seemed to have turned quite dull with grief, j He' did not appear to understand her at j all, and day by day as she became more demonstrative he grew less affectionate. J The afternoon before the funeral Miss J Nelly was extremely broken-hearted, j ahdaniidst lier gobs remarked howl comfortable and happy she had, always 1 been with her . late dear friend. To I her astonishment Mr. Fox attempted | to comfort: her by saying with- obol 1 civility, * I hope you tnay soon meet I again with such a happy home as you j have had^hergjtiH now.' J OiHiearing this Miss Nelly's tefers j suddenlydried up, and with eyes dilated with astonishment and angei1, she cried : j 4 It is you whom I expected to make J me this happy home 3' J Mr. Fox, however, simply shrugged his shoulders, saying : * I do not deny I that I may have once had such ideas j I but ot late I have grown wiser, j Everything alters in this world why then should our opinions not do the j same ? That is what we call progress.' Upon this he bowed, and left Miss I Nelly crying and fainting in an arm- j chair. j He did not hear anything of her till I a few days later, when a gentleman j called upon him, saying that he had j been entrusted with Miss Nelly Brown's j affairs, and suggesting that perhaps Mr. I Fox, before matters went further, would prefer making some private ar rangement about his breach of promise J of marriage with his client. I . And what proof of that promise has Miss Brown, excepting her saying so?" I asked Mr. Fox. 'Oh,' answered the young man, 'It have seen a box full of letters from ! you.' .1 * Have you read them ?' continued J Mr. Fox, sarcastically. I ' Not yet,' replied the other; ' but I j have seen the box.' J 'Well, you had better go and read them first before you take any further j steps, and if you can find a single line I from me to Miss Brown, I am quite willing to let her have ample damages I without their being awarded by a court I of law.' j There was something so diabolical 1 about Mr. Fox, that the young defender 1 of innocence found it best to retire for 1 the present leaaditw hi" ""I"ltlj " rub pis hands triumphantly ahd build 1 castles in the air about the country-'j seat, and the horses and carriages, he J was going to buy in order to dazzle Miss Laquerton, whom he felt justified I in seriously thinking about now. J Miss Nelly had meanwhile been in-1 formed of the conversation at Mr. Fox's I office, and, with an indignant exclama-1 tioa about' such incredible untruths,' J she went to fetch her letter-box There j sure enough were the letters, all in] little packets, neatly tied up with blue and pink ribbons j but, strange to say, I she could hot see an address,; and,' oh, I heavens ! when she undid the packets I they contained nothing but paper- all 1 white paper, without a single word on j it. The wily lawyer had evidently J deceived her by some demoniacal ] trick. J The shock was so great to the poor love-sick lady that she had scarcely tbe I courage to show herself when the . will j was to be read ; but she rallied at last, I hoping against hope that it might still I be in her favour, when she could, treat I with scorn and contempt her faithless I lover and his paltry damages. I Mr. Fox, although he considered j himself already master of the house and j 1 everything in it, felt considerably j excited on the morning of tbe day ap- j pointed for the reading of the will, and j when Mr. Pluraley, as chief executor,.! sat down and slowly got his spectacles j out,' his junior partner come over sol faint and his heart fluttered to such ] an extent, that he fancied all his ] hopes and beautiful castles in the air I were crumbling away as in a dream. 1 Why did not his old friend at once-read I the document; why did he make the! suspense so unbearably long 1 Why! . .did-he continue to stare -first at JtheJ. -paper iiriiis hahd'then at'tBose around j him, and thence once more at the paper, without uttering a single \yord j , and then at last when he did speak, why did he stammer, ' I-I do not know ; I see nothing-in fact, it is the same paper, but--' Could it be 1 Yes, sure enough, there was the paper on. which the -will had been made out, but there was nothing upon it now, it was merely a'blank, a white sheet! . , ? ' Good heavens ! With what ihk did "yon write out the will ?' burst out at last Mr. Fox. j " With what ink ?' repeated the old gentleman, indignantly, ' with your ink. As I found the inkstand upstairs dry, and the old lady was in such a deadly hurry, I rushed down myself to get some, and seeing your bag in the; . ball, T took from it the little inkstand which you always carrp about,' Mr. Fox- turned deadly pale, and without saying another word vanished, like his ink, before anybody had. found \- frme io ask for an explanation.:; When tbe rest of the -company had. composed- '> ? themselves again* Mr. Plumley'sail ' '! khow that'the' I stroyed all former wills, so* "that there is non6 at ill irf existen0®) the^ore^ J^ptoper^y next'of . Wo; T Imnw, ateo.. that Mrs. Johnson had no relatives whatever, esprit Miss Lizzie Eoberta ,c??sf3uen^lysole heiress- i..,-y-r -. ' SAXO when talin^fmnbow," »**«*««? see. a lunar bow, miss?" "I've a ®®-u y moonlight,#stahf.ti.itf^wfaa»: Spg6***. **". thIu^>^Sfi&1a^«r is?'# J amounting to' much until te whip» -"t^,°p po8ingeounsel,«bafceshis fistnffaer the tiose of theJudge, and dismisses the jury/ "wljile feviting'tlrem outfodrink-- ,,, "I^evermw Bnch:a-woman ln^* Ty . said.BaBS. ! never- satished-with anything." «* People who knew i; \/???, 'took for'a;husl>and,"repliedMrfi; ®*.». ^'3 ou the (Contrary, that I Am ve!7 eaal'y, sa^?s* lied." ' ' . ,f A Scotch farmer determined^ in sjnteof the bad times,1 to pay his rent if'it were ms last shilling, and Saying to the landlord who received it,It .is my last shilling, threw down a roll of notes. The landlord counted tbam and satd, " There are £50 too thuch. "Odds, man," said the farmer^ *1 put my;, hand on the wrong ponch." ? ? The remains of au English traveller, had; been exhnined fdr^interineiit ini?the 'iiarauy : vault. - WJien - the coffin was, opened : We! Btarted fcack inafiright* ? -" Why, ;*hese j appearto be<the remainsof aHon. ?- "Yes. i replied at nephew of "the aieWwwd.i! pith' s j sigh, "that's the lion that ate hun'up; i uncleViiisidc oirhidK" ?. - - . _ ; Atr^ariWEaStPsSVaat^as tfgroduw*! At au i evenSngparty w a'tSth%r per® ywMjrlady. j 'fliS® ^Sighted ; to meet yon, . thawsiSo long ?wished to see j you." V Wdl,";8ald"the man of, science, j "and pray 'what doy$a think of me now that i yon have seetf rne?"!" You may ^ very j clever," was the . aifcwer,' *' but you . are nothing to loot at." | "Aunt Jane, is itftrue that a lady' may ask a gentleman to marry - her, if it is Leap Vear J " Yes, my dfeir, 'it is quite true." " But if he don't want to marry her, Aunt Jane, what must'he do then ?" " He must give her a new black sHk dress, my dear, and then she will understand." " 0 Aunt Jane, now J know'"why yoto have to many black silk dresses.! i A physician was driving along the street, when his horses took (right ana ran away. He was thrown violently tothe sidewalk and knocked senseless. - Presently he recovered a little from his u nconsciou sae§B, and noticing the crowd which had gathered about him, remarked," What'sihe matter,-gentlemen anybody hurt? Tmir. B; Can I be ofany service ?" : ; As OppoETiiNiTrj FOE REPOSE.-At a country , hotel. ; A traveller retires to his room, leaving word that lie is to be called for an early trains.. In the morning ..? he . is aroused from a sweet sleep* by the porter knocking vehemently, at the door.- * Who's there j' 'Are you the ^entiemaii that was to be called,for the 5.15 train?' 'Yes. All right'; /Then you 4ah go to teleep/again, sir ; the' train'® gone I': : ' ' - - - ; A rich man was approached on the-street" and asked to contribute- to a charitable purpose. He declined on the plea of bard times. . Just then a third party appeared; He wasa reporter. " Are you meeting witlj much success?" he asked of the collector. "I.am. doing splendidly," was the reply; "just look at the list'.of names.".j " May I make . a copy of them for publica-; tion ?" '? Certainly," "Iguessypu may put ine down for £10," whispered the rich man. "Madam," .said a. husband to his young wife, In a little altercation which will spring up in the best of regulated families, ".when a man and his wife have quarreled, and each considere the other in fault, which of-tbetwo ought to advance: towards'a reconciiiaticra"?" "The better natpred and the wisest of the two." said the' {Fife, putting up her mouth kfssTTyhiVjKT1-|>» gi mu i.illi tui. umUqnT" She was the c»pqueror. Inquiring Child" Pa, what is the differ ence between sitting up and sitting down ?" i Pa {with perfect confidence in his ability to, explain] : " Why my child, when somebody is standing up, and he seats himself, he sits down ; and when he dosen't go to bed, .^.nd sits down, he, sits up." ? Inquiring child : " But. Pa, if he sits, how can he sit without sitting down; and if he sits down bow can he sit up I" j . . . . T - . Poor .German Tutor: '. Know you; what I do when r hunger have ? Then draw I at home on my slate with chalk a white sauBage., When I right severe hunger have, draw X? two. Then drink I once from my mug of beer, eat a piece of bread, and rub from sausage on the-slate a piece away. Then drink I again," eat again a pieceof bread, a$d rob again from the slate a piece of sausage away-till the morsel away is. ... So picture I myself in. iihave the sausage readily eaten. Behold yon, it is all, only imagination on the worid." ; When a Decrepit old roan entered a Madisonaven^e car lately, fcwenty-nneAmeri cans saw hiin|reach up tremblingly to catch: hold of a trap. They saw that he was: un able to read) lfcbecausehe conld'nt straighten his back, so^ey permitted him to lean on bis stick. T&y; must have felt severely re bnked when a Japanese young man rose np at the front ofithe car, and springing nimbly to the old map's side took him tenderly by the arm and led him to his seat. Then he tipped biB hatjto the white head and tpdk his stand in the Middle of the car. A story is tbld of President Lincoln, which shows what lip thought of . full dress." One night Mrs. ISncoln swqit into the library j as tte Presidfbt stood with bis buck to the ; fire, warming his long frame. Her dress. | was long at one end and. low, at the other. .' Whew,' said old Abe, * What a long tail our cat has to-night.' Mrs. Lincoln made no answer sod paid no attention to. him. He stood some time with. bis eyes atudying , the floor, and then said ..softy; 'Mother, don't you thing it would 'be better if aome of | our cat's tail was around her neck ?' ««What is meaning-of. that red line abore the fourth story of your house?" asked a stranger of a man near Pittahurg. "That is a water mark. ^Thatmark shows how high? the water wpsdnring the greit overflow about; ^a. year aeo." Impneaible Mf the water had been that high the whole town would been swept away." "The water neverwas that high. It only came up to the first Btory window, but the boys rubbed it ont j three 'or fuur times, so I pnt it up there where they can't get at it. It takes a smart man to circamvent those boyfe." ONE oj the oddesj stories (says the Photo SapJuc JVe®s )> whichhasaltothe merit of j ing true, in 'connection with photography has juBt readied us. A Worcestershire woman, sew to London, had her child ? christened in company with the children of | some of her London acquaintances. After the ceremony, the presence ot so many little ones inspired her with a 'brilliant idea. ! Why shouldn't they all have their portraits j taken? She knew a place where they did ? them cbeaplyi what yr&e; more,, she, wonld defray, all the expenses. . Such an offer wis to g°od to be lost, and a party of a 1 dozen .'cbiHf®^® lady was "very particular i about their being twelve-i-at once started off to the photographer. ' The'latter was delighted the _ prospect of, a large order, and at once set to work.' After some four or five of the party had been photographed, it; Occurred to him, on the chaperon "of the party intimating that she wap g6ing to pav , For all, to ask her if she knew; what the bill would amount to, "Qf_ course I dp," said she? **five sWHings. YonIdyerttse them; i at five ahHI'ngs a dozen;"- Tfce unfortnnate ! phobwiiapher turned pale.' ?j!He''lieg«ii"to WBpect the. g<?°d lady 1iad . 'fallen into, ° Yes^- filtered, ''five1 riittlings^Sie dbten pictures-iio« five OuOmgs ' thAdonen children /' The ta&Uott; biay better * beitnaguiwl ttafl unoiibedt j i 