[?] CONCEDING TOO MUCH. To the Editor of the Protestant Standard Sin, — It is remarkable how most Protestants, not only nominal but in some cases real protesting ones and oven some Orangemen, run in the rat of common usage, and thereby virtually concede tho dogmatic claims of PoDerv. The term ' Catholic " claimed by tho Papists, is an assumed misnomer. The term means universal, embracing all true believers in the Lord Jesus Christ and cannot rightly beloDg to an ecclesiastical system, whose history has beon ono of cruel persecution of true believers in Jesus, and is only now not continuing tho same course from want of power to do so. For at a festival in Rome sho continues to curse all heretics, and in various ways by her pulpit and her press, con tinues to manifest the same hatred which in the day of her power was so cruelly manifested. Bunyan's written portrait of Giant Pope with his nails out and his limbs paralyzed, yet looking on tho Pilgrim with murderous desire, is a picture true in our day as it was in the day of the immortal drenmor, and is being illustrated by the plaints, the cries and tho encyclicals which emanate from tho hypocritically solfstyled Prisoner of the Vatican, who shews his un worthiness to be called " Catholic " by the mingled grief and hatred with which he regards those who in Rome love "Jisus" and worship God, independently of tho ecclesiastical systom of which ho is the head. True Catholicity says, " Grace bo with nil who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincority and truth.'' We also concede too much when we speak of the papacy, as a church or the. church of Christ, Christ has but one church on earth, and that is not an ecclesiastical system. The papnoy is rather a great apostney froin'the Churck'of Christ than the Church itsolt. ' 'J The Church " is Christ's spiritual kingdom on carth coihposed of mon who have boon: renewed by tlie Holy Ghost. Some are in the papal church, but more have obeyed tho Spirit of God and have come out of hor.' : V. "Again', we cone -do too much when- wo call papal priests " Father " and papnl Bishops " my Lord or " your eminence," Jesus said " call no man Father o i earth"; anticipating . and condemn ing; our too common but very erroneous usage. In iio sense can any priest.be our Fathor,,und our lord rightly claimB. obedience. If they do not teach regeneration how can they be, spiritual Fathers to any. In.no case 'reported in tho Acts of the Apostles were the Apostles called Fathors, nor. did thoy claim such titles in their inspired Epistles. In an addresB delivered recently by priest Collingrige, he claims for Papal Church a " Tlieo- crasy " as though tho assumption were an admit ted truth and this ' impudent assumption without scriptural or' historic proof passes unchalloriged. A woll educated Romanist once snid to the, writer, "you must acknowledge" our church "to bo' the most ancient, the original Church, of Christ." My reply was I am prepared to prove either it to be tho most ancient or the most modern, tho most ancient because its distinguishing doctrines were those of priestly heathen systems which oxistcd long before Christ came , on earth ; tho most modern bocause two doctrines iiave only very recently been'addod to your faith, 'the immalculato conception, and the. infallibility of the Pope.' Now is it if you have received the faith from tho Apostles you liavo so recently discovered 'theso doctrines, and- besides this most of your dogmas which wo protest against have been adopted since the 8th century. 'You have followed tho law of ovolution, but not under tho'guidanco of eithor the word or the spirit; : I would, Btrongly\urge my Protestant, brethren and sisters .to bo real protestors and by guarding against the far too common- usage of using such terms . as, imply an admission- of papal cluims shew to the deluded adherents of tho papacy that her. assumptions are challenged by us. Shew that wo are hot heretics, tliat our denominations (ire not mere sects. But on the contrary we believing in tho Lord .'Jesus are members; of His' truo and only church; Disciples' of Jesus ' first,' Episco palians, Congregationulists, Wesloyans or Baptists afterwards. : iv ' Depend upon it thoro is mischief and diso bedience to our Lord iii concodine what, we: do not believe. HUGUENOT.: 