In Divers Places. Br A SEA*SCaRIR . The strangest of the numberless stories I have heard from old divers was the relation of what happened to a man whose time, he said, had been much of it spent under water. We met on.Christmas Eve, during a journey in a second-class carriage, and the story he told me and the only two other passengers in the compartment appears incredible I There are, however, the two other persons to vouch for the facts, only, unfortunately, as they were perfect strangers to me. I have not their names and addresses. But as he offered to take me down to the spot and show me what he had seen-- sopposing the circumstances to remain the came-I can hardly dare to cast discredit on his experience, particniarly as I declined to take the measure he proposed to assure me of the truth of his story. I had better give it in his own words- "'Ttvern't long since," said he, "I were engaged to go down to a ship what was said to have a lot of old silver dollars aboard her, and the party as wanted me wished the job done of a night, and I were furnished with a 'lectric light to take down with ioe, asit was P J-hog ht Imi ht make more discoveries by 'thatlthan by daylight. Well, down I went, and soon landed on the deck. The vessel lay upright, but everything had been washed away, so that the cabin could be entered by the opening where the skylight was. As it was there that the specie was expected to be found, I at once made aft-having come on board at the bows. The main hatchway was open, and turning my lamp to shine down it, the deck was in shade, when I was startled to see a faint gleam coming up out of the cabin lights. However, I thought, 'Tis only the bulkhead is broke away, and the light of my lamp coming up through the water.' I turned my light towards the bows, but still the same gleam came from the cabin. This seemed queer, and I thought it might be what they call prosperpeasantlight-or some such name-and might come from dead bodice. Now for they sort o' things, I'd seen too many to feel queer of 'em, so up I goes to the cabin light. What I sees there beats all I ever ees afore or since; and though I were a bit .,ared at first, I son goot all right, and took good notice of what I saw. -Th is swhat it wer- ' " , und the cabin table were three men the captain, as I supposed, at the head. They didn't look exactly alive, and yet they did. Each of them shone with the light I was tell ing you of, so I could see'them quite'plain. Each of 'em had a glass of grog by liim, and they was playing at some game with cards. Well, thinks I, this is a rum go,'to be sure. Bat, not being afeard-'cositain't my nature to-I watched 'em for some time, till I got so set on the game they was playing, that I clean forgot the work I was gone down for. They was playgin a game of betting o on e card out of three, and the bets was all in hard silver dollars. The sight of these re minded me, at last, of my duty, and I thinks to myself, ' Counters, my lads, will be good enough for you to play with, so I'll have them dollars; and I don't fancy you can stop me.' To be sure, there was no counters to be got there-only the ' counter' of the ship, and that weren't no use by itsel-but I thought I would act honest by them, as I alway has, and bring them down a stock of counters in a day or two, and that delay couldn't matter to folk who had all eternity to play in. But, as it turned out, I managed the affair differently, for as I entered the cabin, the captain he asks me to take a hand, quite pleasant like, and 'Bill,' says he to -eO-i-tho.othersj_ et onta lass, and the ram;' which he did. Yes, it was rum, as you say, gents. So down I sits attable, and there we was, four men-or one man and three ghosts, which you like-just as it might be us four as is sitting here now, barring being three of us spirits-though, gents, if either of you has a drop of spiritin aflask, it would help on a dry throat at this talking. Thank ye. " Well, as I were saying, I sat down, and this was the game. Each one in turn took three cards from the pack-showed what they were, and then shuffled them, and threw them face down on the table. One of the others then bet which was the highest card, and if he won the dealer paid him, and if he lost he paid the dealer. I had a rare run of luck, for you see, 'twas a simple sort of game, and I guess that one live man is more than a match for three dead ones I soon cleared out their pockets, and the cap. brought out a large box full of dollars from his state room, and at it we went again. " Well, to make a long story short, I won their bottom dollar, and then we was obliged to stop. They didn't like it, but took it quiet like, and made me promise to come soon again and give them their revenge. Did I! No, I don't rightly remember that I did. So we shook hands, friendly, and I went up on deck-with the dollars, you may be sure -and as I passed the open skylight, I saw them all lying on the lockers in the cabin, just like a lot of corpses. My movements disturbing the water, made them roll a bit, and it looked as if they was stirring in their .s!ep. " "Bow did I secure the dollars? Well, therY' secrets, they say, in all trades, and if an old diver can't go deep enough into 'em, I should like to know who could ! At any rate, I squared my employer with a story that when I searched the vessel (which, you know, I never did) I didn't find any dollars, and that I could take my bible oath that there wasn't a single dollar on board at that mo nent-which was true as gospel-and he took it all down like a hoystcr; and here's one of the dollars, as I keeps in remem brance, which also goes to prove the fact. "Now, gents, wasn't that ai queer a sort of experience as could be for a man to have ? And, for my part, all I can say is that it was very queer. Now, gents," continued the dfrer, "I dare say as you has a sort of curiosity to see what sort of game it was we layed in that cabin, not to speak of feeling wishful to play witn a man as had taken a Le hand at eardswiththree corpses; so if either re of you happens to have a pa:k of cards about K, you, I'll just show you the sort of game it hi was." lC One of the other men said he Ihai a pack w in his bag, so he got it out, and the diver at takes three cards, a knave and two others, hi "Here they are-look at 'rc well," he 1 ays, "and watch me spread 'em on this u cushion. There, now, I bet either of you h yonwon't pick nut the court card--'ll lay a quid you don't I" I a The mon who lent the pack tonk the bet o and won, but the diver objected, as l~e might have some private mark on the backs of the t court cards inhis pack. However, theother man was equally successful, and when I tried my luck I won two or three times, and ) then a bad run set in, and I lost again and again, and might have lost more. but that we I stopped at the station, where, it so happened, all my three fellow travellers got out. Just one sentence more before I conclude this true history. On my arrival in London, I told my tale and the diver's story to a literary friend, and although a sailor has to put up with many hard blows, 1 think I never got so hard a one as he gave me. " Why," says le, " that diving story was all got up to introduce the well.known three card trick to a flat, and the other two man were ' bonnets,' and you, yon son of a sea cook, were just well bonnetted I" 