¶ FICTION. ¶ The Luck of the Darrells. ¶ By James Payn, Author of “ By Proxy, ” “ Carlyon´s Year, ” &c.;, &c.; ¶ Chapter I. — ON THE PLATFORM. ¶ The tidal train has just steamed slowly into the Charing Cross station. The proportion of foreign passengers as compared with the native element is large, for it is early summer, and we English are not even pruning our wings for the Continent, far less returning from it. As one listens to the jabber on the platform it is possible to imagine that the Channel tunnel has been long completed, the prophecies of the alarmists fulfilled, and our beloved metropolis in the Vienna n-f ill a alien On tha ntlipr ViATifl tho naar arrivals have by no means the air of conquerors ; a few, indeed, who are' familliar with London or residents there step quietly into the carriages awaiting them and leave their servants to look after the luggage, but the majority, with anxious and submissive looks, await the tardy distribution of bag and box. The women glance appeatingly from official to official, or, in language not understated of the portfire, endeavour, with bewitching ParLian smile, to attract their attention. The men, with curses not loud but deep, twirl their moustaches and affect a philosophic calm. There is no ' Hi, there ! that ie my portmanteau ;' ' Where the dickens are you going with that box?' they are on foreign soil, and depressed in spirits. Everyone who leaves his own country undergoes a certain temporary de gradation of character ; Englishmen most of all, because they have most independence to lose. On the other hand, the newly arrived foreigner in England, ie generally dejected by the effect of recent eea-sicknoee. ¶ Quite apart from the characteristics of race it is ae easy, to tiiEtJnguiEh the native element, by their mere manner among this surging throng, as from a flight of white swans to pick out a few black ones. One of these latter, a young girl, stands out in especial contrast to the majority of her fellow passengers. She is very young, and of a form so slight that, but for the wholesome colour of her cheek, it might well suggest delicacy of constitution. The eyes, too, have a brightness that, as regards health, is but too often as mis leading as the wildfire of the marsh ; in her case, however, it is only caused by pleasurable expectancy. She is charm ingly pretty, her face full of expression, and instinct with a roguish humour peculiar to English girls, though rare enough even with them. She has lett her carriage, like the rest, but stands beside it looking to right and left with an eager air that presently fades into one of disappointment. Her face is so expressive that this change of feeling is as apparent ae the fall of evening upon a fair landscape. The dew comes into her blue eyes, the very tint of her bright hair seems to become less golden, her red lips lose their eunny smile. It is as clear as though she had told you that the person she has been expecting is very dear to her and has not arrived. The crowd around her are much too occupied with their own business to pay any attention to her, and would probably have been bo had her distress of mind been far more poignant and pronounced. What is a girl that has been left till called for, and not been called for, compared with a portmanteau that has been called for and does not appear r No, Messieurs les Francois are a polite people as far as lifting the hat is concerned ; but as for lifting a finger to help a fellow-creature in trouble till their own affaire are regulated, Sapristi ! they are not imbeciles, tot they. ¶ One person, however, though she is quite unconscious of the interest ehe is exciting in him, is watching her very attentively. He is a fall, fine young fellow, as fair com plexioned as herself by nature, but whom Indian suns have browned almost to copper-colour; he too has blue eyes, just now, as he looks pityingly towards her, almost as tender as her own. On occasion they have flashed far otherwise, for they have had the light of battle in them. One band is in ? filing, for he has returned wounded from the wan, but with the other he plucks indecisively at his short, tawny moustache. ¶ “ Shall be offer to assist her, or shall he wait a little longer to give time for her father to put in an appearance ? ” He knows for whom she is waiting, for he has been her tellow-pasBtnger across the channel and in the train from Folfcstone, and ao far she has confided in him. He was fortunately able to be of some little help to her on board the steamer ; he had an extra rug which was of use to her in the rough passage, during which she had insisted on re maining on deck quite cheerily, while everyone else was engaged, and very unpleasantly engaged, below. Their other fellow-passengers in the carriage had been foreigner;, which had imperceptibly assisted in drawing the two young people together ; it had induced a sense of isolation as though they had been alone, yet without the embarrass ment of being alone. They had not, however, got on quite so fast together as some young people I wot of would have done under similar circumstances. Hester Darrell was far too simple and natural a young woman to be shy ; her man ners, though by no means reserved, were modest and quiet ; they bad a dignity which neither good birth nor good train ing (though she had bad the advantage of both) can bestow. The young fellow on his part, who had the good sense and good feeling to recognise this fact, had made no attempt at flirtation. He bad neglected, in fact— or such would have been the general opinion of his class— to avail himself of his opportunities. He bad, nevertheless, contrived to. make a favourable impression upon his companion, of which he was not wholly unconscious ; and they had parted with an unexpressed regret. Hester had even shaken hands with him, which, perhaps, she would not have done had she pos t-eased more knowledge of the world ; but when he had ottered toJook after her luggage at the terminus she had declined hit help, because, she eaid, her father was to meet her. It would have been a great satisfaction to the young gentleman had Bhe mentioned 'her father's name, but Hester had not thought it necessary to do eo ; she had, I think, a secret consciousness that in holding out her hand to this young gentleman ehe had told him quite enough ; never theless, in doing so she had signified to him that she wished him good-bye for good and all, and it required some courage (of a different kind from that of which he has given his proofs) to make any advances to her anew. The distress iu her pretty face, however, became presently insupportable to him to witness, and he came up to her, raised hat in hand. *? Since there seems to have been some mistake about your father's coming,*' he eaid respectfully, u will you allow me to look after your luggage? ' ¶ It is always the luggage oa these occasions ; a humorous writer has, I hear, written an essay upon the Malignity of Inanimate Objects; and certainly the manner in which they disappear when most wanted would seem to be due to wilful wickedness ; but mine inanimate objects, as in *W« «ase, have been known to do young people a good turn. One cannot say to an angel who has been entertaining us unawares (ana no one could have been less conscious of her own charm than Hester Darrell), ' Let me look after you; l«tme see your precious eelf into a four-wheeler;' but a good deal of affectionate interest can be displayed about her boxes. Our hero's proffer of assistance was made just at the right niomebt. A minute before would have been too soon, Hester'e mind would have been disturbed by the prospect of her father's still possible arrival. The presence of a ttranger would have interfered, ehe would have felt, with tbeir rapturous meeting ; and a minute later would have been almost too Lite. The dew of disappointment in her eyes would by that time have reduced iteelf into tears, a orccmetance that would have been embarrassing. As it was the tones of a voice she knew, though ever eo little, were very welcome to her in a perplexity which was fast assuming the proportions of a calamity. ' Yob are very good,' the answered, blushing. « I cannot think why dear papa has not come. I am afraid,' ehe added naively, but with a smile, too, ' that he has f 01 gotten all about me.' 'That is not at all likely,' sa;d the young soldier, . simply. ' But in London people are not always masters of their time.' 'I suppose that must be it,' she replied, still looking piteoutly towards the entrance-gate : ' he must have had some pressing engagement But, indeed, you must not trouble yourself about my goods and chattels ; you are the laEt person,' and the g'anced significantly at hie wounded hand, 'to be jostled in a crowd like this. It will be worse than Bemnvgger.' ? He had told her on the journey, after the manner of all heroes since Othello's time, of certain incidents of the late campaign in India in which he had taken part ; he had done eo quite naturally and without boastfulness, he had even omitted to say that his share in the proceedings had gained him the. Victoria Cross ; but, nevertheless, his narration had interested her, ehe had even remembered the name of one of the battles. 'In these home conflicts,' was his laughing reply, 'we fight by deputy.' A significant look, which to the official mind betokened half-a-crown at least, at once brought a porter to his side, who, deaf to all foreign blandishments, had had his eye on the young soldier from the first. ' This young lady will give yon the ticket for her lug gape, jurt see to it, and put it on a four- wheeled cab.' Hereupon ensued tome opportunity for conversation. 41 I hope I em not keeping you from your friends,' said Hester, hesitating. ? . ' Oh, no— not that that would matter— 1 mean,' he stam tcered with the conscioufnera of having been on the brink of effusion, ' that I have no friends, in London ; J have been so long away from England, you see ; and as for the dear old governor, he lives in the country.' 'Then you are going into the country V How I envy you. 1 cannot think how people can stay in London this fcrTnmdr iraofhcv vntiam 4-1* rtw nan statin it- 'EVv*» ??»»?? tiaw4 ?-?vu-ikuv* nLHkUVl T* UVU UICV '*T'1 Ut»£J 111* A. \Jl *'J r °'* * # though I have had little experience or it, I love life in a country house, especially if it is an old one.' ' Then jou should see ours. It is very old, large, and rambling ; to say the truth, a little too large ; it reminds me of barracks.' ' How wicked of you to talk so of your own home.' . ' That's what the governor would say. He adores ir, even to its very discomforts— the draughts, the mouldy tapestry, the hereditaty ghost.' .'Has it a ghost? Oh! that is delicious, indeed. We have no ghost in our family, but only a ghostly sort of motto— a tradition.*' ' And what is the tradition ?' And again Hester hesitated; if she told iha tradition, she must needs tell her name; and would Madame Langlais, her late preceptress, who had given her so many detailed direc tions as to her conduct en voyage, quite approve of confiding euch a matter to a perfect stranger ? ' There is an old baying,' she said, ' in our family, that tbe luck of it, whate'er it may be, Shall go by the se«, and shall come by the sea.* That is rather weird and eerie, is it not? But still it is not eo good as a ghost.' '? Well, I don't know,' replied the young man, with an air of reflection. ?' One wants cheerful society in a house to counteract a ghost — especially when it is a female one, as in this case—ladies' society.' In his speech he dealt with generalities, but in his looks he was more particular ; they seemed to say to bis companion, ' Now, you would be the very person to counteract our ghost.' '? And I daresay you have plenty of ladies' society,' said Hester, in a tone of indifference, which, however, contended with a blush. ''Well.no;' here he sighed. 'The fact is we have none at all, thougn things did not use to be so. The fact is, 1 am sorry to say ? ' At this moment, to the relief of the young man's very obvious embarrassment, appeared the obsequious porter with bis barrow full of luggage, which, under Hester's in spection, he proceeded to place upon the cab. companion ; and once more she held out her hand. ' Wbat address shall I give the cabman F' he inquired. Tbe question would have seemed a simple one enough to a much more wily person than she to whom it was addressed ; but there was an air of interest and expectancy in tbe young soldier's tone that gave the inquiry a tone of significance, and put Hester on her guard. She felt that she had trodden on the very veige of Madame Langlais' line of propriety in giving him her hand twice over; to have furnished him also with her address would have been to overstep it. ' I will not trouble you any further,*' she said with a grateful smile, but also in a sufficiently resolute voice. The colour mounted high into the young man's tace, and he withdrew at once with a respectful bow. Then she turned up her pretty face towards that of the weather beaten caiman's, and murmured, in a low sweet tone (for the young soldier was still within earshot), ' Piccadilly, 299a.' ' Eh !'' echoed the cabman, protruding his great head from bis great-coat an a turtle does from Ms shell. ' 299a,' repeated Hester. ?? All right, miss;' the porter closed the door without slamming it (which showed what a fee he must have got from eomebody); and the cab, top heavj as a hermit crab, but not eo speedy, crawled away with her. Chaptbr II.— IN THE CAB. 1 am inclined to think, judging from mv own experience, that a good deal of mental work is done in cabs. Circum stances are not favourable to reading in them *, conversation is impossible, and their internal decoration |b not sufficiently artistic to distract the mind. In the short journey that now lay before her, Hester Darrell gave herself more up to re flection than she hsd done in the whole transit between Paris and Charing CrosB. She had. indeed, more to think about. In the first place, there was her father's non-arrival ,at the station, which, in the case of most daughters, would have given some rise to apprehension ; and, secondly, there was the acquaintance she had made with the young soldier. The bitter incident, it must be admitted, made much more impression on her- than the former. She loved her father dearly, but the also knew his character, or some parts of it, .exceedingly well, and the fact of his not having arrived in time to meet her did not at all astonish her. Colonel Richard Darrell had many good points, if they tuality was not one of them. He was often late even for his pleasures— and the welcoming of his daughter to her new home would certainly have been one of them; while as to otherappointments which had any tinge of unpleasantness in them, such as business ones, he might possibly be induced to make one, but it was contrary to bis nature to keep it- No one could eay that he exhausted himself in any line of action j but he was capahle of some^effort in order to avoid facing anything of a disagreeable nature— an admir able plan, if the disagreeable thing can be avoided, and not only postponed ; but in real life this seldom happens. The eystcm is exactly the reverse of that which obtains emong children at pudding-time; they pile in a corner of their plates all their plums for a bonne bottche at the finish ; the gentlemen I have in my mind eat all their plums at first, and tiuet that their fate will not compel them to swallow at last all the less agreeable material they have thus accumu lated. Alas, it is not so ; they have to clear their plate to the last- morsel, and find their 'stickjaw' anything but impioved keeping. Co!onel Richard Darrell was as bold as a lion, but he had never looked a difficulty in the face, or even so much as conquered a whim. He had served with some repute, but his chief military renown, while it lasted, was that he had been the youngest lieutenant-colonel in the British army. It did not last long, for almost immediately, on obtaining that rank, he had sold his commission and entered another call ing, in which he also acquired considerable distinction ; at the time our story opens he was held to be the best pre served *? man about town.' The Colonel ' knew everybody' — a phrase which indi cates at most some 500 people all of one pattern— and had many friends, a few of whom to his face and many behind his back called him Dick Darrell. In his youth so attentive had be been to the gentler sex that the name of ' Look and Die,' which paesee from one man of this stamp to another, like the succession of a throne, was universally accorded to him ; and yet he had not made the great match which unquestionably lay in bis power to make, but mar ried lor love an orphan girl without dower. Tfeis eircum. stance was urged, not without reason, or at all events not i without plausibility, in his favour. He could not, men eaid, be a eelf -seeking or greedy man; he must, said women, have something of unselfishness, or eveu self Fbcrifice, in his nature to have so ac'ed. As it happened they were quiie right ; bnt in my opinion his marriage did not prove it- Hester Grantham was simply one of the whims which he could not conquer, and which, indeed, com pletely conquered him. fie made (as she fondly thought) the best of husbands, and when Bhe died, which was in giving birth to his only daughter, he was inconsolable for weeks. Little Hester became her father's darling, the most precious possession he had in the world, but also one the cus tody of which was exceedingly inconvenient. Some men, though not many, have a natural gift for the guardianship of children ; but with well-preserved men about town it is far from common. As Mrs. DarreH had left a surviving sister.it might well be thought that ehe would have been some help in this per plexity; bnt the Colonel and Harriet Grantham ''that was' (for her marriage had taken place soon after his own) were not on good terms. She had taken a very different view of her sister's union from that adopted by the world at large ; when people hinted at the Colonel's eelr-eacrifice, ehe told them in plain teims that he was 'a godless gambler,' in wedding whom her unhappy sister had imperilled her immortal soul. A remark which had generally tLc effect of closing the conversation. If it were trne, the wee clearly right in concluding that the obligation (if sny) lay upon the other side. For the rest the Grantham blood was at lea*t as good as that of the Darnells' — a cir lumttance which Haiiiet dwelt upon with some inconsis tency, corsideritg that the future was fo all important with her bb compared with matters of this world— and as for the money, though the Colonel had at the time baen iu good circumstances, his habits were such as to render the continuance of his prosperity very doubtful. She had opposed herself to the marriage tooth and nail, and when it took place, in epite of her, had severed all. relation between herself and her sifter. To some women this, would have been difficult to do, for Hester had no other relation in tbe world, and clung to her with pitiful pertinacity ; but Har riet possessed high principles far . out of the reach of sentimental- pleading, and1' cut her cable, as it were, with a hatchet. 'Since you have chosen to ally yourself with a man of sin,' she eaid, ' you and I have shaken bands for ever.' And as even sweet-tempered HeBter could not stand her husband-being called a man of sin, the desired separation .was effected. Perhaps, when his wife was dead, the Colonel might have let bygones be bygones, and appealed, for his child's sake, to her aunt; but in the meantime another gulf had been opened between them. Harriet had married, as the Colonel thought, beneath her ; that is to say, a man of large fortune, but who bad had the misfortune to make it himself, and in the City. Mr. Abraham Barton was presumedly not a man of sin ; but it must be admitted that his spiritual qualities were not on the surface. It was probably not from religious piinciples, but from the inferior but very natural motive of securing for himself peace and quietness, that he had taken up his wife's quarrel ; but, at all events, the breach of the two families was complete. Under these circumstances little Hester had been of necessity troin her earliest years committed to the care of hirelings, and on the whole they had done their duty by her. Her sweet temper and bright ways had endeared her to most of them with whom she had come. in contact, and cot least to Madame Langlais, under whose care she had been placed for many years. Madame was an English woman, who had once filled the post of governess to Mrs. Darrell when Hester Grantham, and. had afterwards Set up ae a schoolmietreEs onher own account. It is as natural for governesses to do so as for butlers to take public-houses, and only too often with the same disastrous result. The cause of Madame Langlais comimr to grief was her marriage, in comparatively-late life, with an abBiuthe-loving French man who, before he drank himself to death, contrived to dissipate almost all her little property. She had been com pelled to break up her educational establishment in Bays water and remove to Paris, whither come of ' her old pupils, including HeBter Darrell, had joined her. Hester had been raiding therefor the last two years, living a very quiet but not unpleasant life, cheered by pretty frequent visits from the Colonel. Contrasted with her monotonous, colourless existence, these sad been like gleams of sunshine in a wintry day. She always associated her father, who took her to the opera and theatres and loaded her with presents, with gaiety and pleasure ; she repaid him with the most genuine lore and gratitude, but with a certain modesty in her expectations very unusual in ' a father's darling.' She felt that there were some things not to be looked for in him ; though he never forgot her, he would sometimes disappoint her; his instability of character was perfectly well known to her, though under a euphonious periphrasis which made it almost a viitue. ' Dear papa could never cay 'no' to anybody.' She knew that he was dreadfully careless and haphazard in ordinary matters, and bad a suspicion that he was rather extravagant in his habits and fond of high play ; but she never thought of such matters in relation to herself at all. They were weaknesses of ' dear papa's,' of course, but being part of himself she could not find it in her heart seri ously to deplore them. A great philosopher has told us that when we once find the limits of cur friend he straightway becomes a pond, but to Hester her father was still an ocean, into which, although she had discovered its shores, still ran the full river of her love. She was not displeased, and oertainly not surprised, that the Colonel had not met her at the station. It was a circumstance, in fact, not worth thinking about, one way or another. Before the four-wheeled cab had reached Tra falgar-square, ehe had turned her thoughts— no, her thoughts had chosen for themselves another channel. Although the young soldier she had just left at tbe railway station was, sod of course could be, nothing to her, he was the last object in the retina of her mind, and it retained it. When travellers come from the Pole and the Antipodes we often find them thus concerning themselves with some inci dent of their journey which has only just happened to them, and which seems to us stay- at-homes sufficiently common place and uninteresting. But to Hester Darrell her late companion was certainly not an uninteresting subject or thought, though it is probable Bhe could not have made him a topic of conversation. He was very different from the military persons she had occasionally seen in her father's company. Even as a child they had struck her as carpet knights, less fitted for the field of battle than for the race course, and who preferred Pall Mall to active service ; but this young . fellow had looked every inch a soldier, and, spoken of .his profession with enthusiasm; he had been wounded too, for which in a competi tive examination conducted by women, the can didate gets high marks ; he had' been very kind to' her, and thoughtful for her comfort; he had noticed and sym pathised with her recent embarrassment, and at the same time had behaved with great delicacy and respect. 3-he felt that she had teen rather hard upon him m declining to confide to him her address, which as tbe Colonel had taken a furnished house for the season, could not be obtained from the ' Court Guide.' Her reserve, it is true, would, she felt, meet with Madame Tdaglais' approbation, but that did not prevent her from feeling a touch of remorse. She feared that this young gentleman must think her a little prudish, and even a little ungrateful. He was certainly — well, not handsome perhaps— but distinguished looking. He had been very bright and genial throughout the journey, and then just at last, as he was taking leave of her, his manner had altered, he had looked sorrowful and depressed. Of course that could have had nothing to do with their parting ; Bnnh an i^An vtrAB t/\n rtMtnAcfAvmi a in tiA anfA*fain&n; #ah «*« instant. It must have been some allusion that she had un consciously made to his own affairs, and which had given him pain, poor fellow. It had been certainly but a poor return for bis kindness. The cab wai in Piccadilly now, presumedly within a few doors of her destination, and yet her thoughts continued J most unaccountably to dwell upon her hue companion, it was when he spoke of his own home, she reflected, that his tone had become so grave: a large old-fashioned house, it seemed, such as the herself delishted in; she had passed a winter in Alston Hall, belonging to her father's friend, Lord Buttermere, and had enjoyed It immensely ; the house had been full of company, and there had been private thea tricals in which *he had taken part among the young people. Perhaps hie home was like like. But he bad said, with a tigb, tut Lii father caw so company, ** though ?»^— -»— — — ? n-n — ^ T^mM^^^r— i m «? ? ? things did not use to be so.' Now what could he have meant by that? Perhaps, poor fellow, the family bad become impoverished. All future suggestions, however, in explanation of the change in affairs in this nameless young; gentleman's unknown country house were abruptly cut short by the stopping of the four-wheeled cab'exactly opposite Apsley Boufe. \- 'My good man,', exclaimed Hester, putting her head out of the window, 'what are yon about? This is not my address,' ' I've drov as far ae I can go, miss, and if it ain't this it's nowhere.' 'But I told you 299a.' ' That's just where it is, miss. I larnt my figures at school like other people, and I've kept my eyes open all : down the street, and there ain't no such number in Pic cadilly.' 