NewYear?s Eve on a Gold FioldV. ' Good night, Jack ! Hotf nice of you to come all tl)is distance hdtne with me through the snow. 'Don't forget to bring your skates when you come over to- morrow. Good night ! ' I press a dainty little f ur-qrloved hand in mine, and press my lips ? ? Bang ! — crack ! cracls ! crack- ! crack 5 I wMrr-r-r-r, fizz-z-z-z, poufff Great j Gbraicr'a ghost ! where am I ? ? Snow iladeii! trees, ice-corered ponds, frosty air, bright new moon, roguish black eyes-, arch little face— all vanished ! Instead,- 1 find myself sitting bolt up \- righti in! an easy, chair, gazing vacantly at a group of rough-looking :mon' a little distance away, and trying- to* remember where I am andi what has happened. . Bang !' rr-rip!- jt&£ this time I understand. It is only tl» miners .celebrating- New Year's Eve after their fashion f and iiwith this i reS'ection, I rub my eyes !-)azily, andlie'bnob in my chairto tlank. 1 I1 had: dozed- ofB' in the chair after dinner, and had been dreaming ofthe pwviouB- New 'Seati's Eve about aiy delightful moonligifc walk home through tlte enow- with ? ? Heigho-I- all that1 ii» over; let n» rather1 thimk of the- present. I am tm enough away from Olei England, sittin^ on ike veranda of a largo hotel, on * Northern Queensland'goMlield ? BdHig^ &atl;' there- ihey go again. The Queensland golsUminer's joyful emotionBure always expressed through the agency, of gunpowder. The OldTeorhasonly.a-fbw mpre hours to live,. - and the people ? ia this p»rt of the world seem determined tlat it will depart leaving a strong amell of gun powder behind). Purthor ddaing ia out' of the ques tion. ? I 'will go- and see tJferejoiciBgB.' I must eaplain that I am a. -new arrival, and' circumstsvaees had1 so- ordered ntatters, iiittt?1! paid my: fiuafc visit to » goldfield on'NeTsr Tear's Evah Isallyforthwifth'iBy friend whoy being am old hancfyhtts- 'roluuteered to ' show me round.'- The streets are filDedi with a large1 mo viag-; -multitude, who aaie o» the same errand as ourselves-. Chinese crsckem- amd fireiroriEa of all sorts - render the air sul-- phureous. At ' one corner a' mam with a revolver 'ib manifesting^hiis' de light f by ineeBsaatly discharging, it. I sincerely hope that lie is using blank cartridges. By^ means of a 'double barrelled- breaehfoader, anothef miner expresses his oatiefeetion. FurtBer-'on, and fortunately ► a* some distance fromi any buildings^-we-aee a man busy,- with' a light, and a fevr^mianites later,, a- loud) explosion explaioa- to- us that whaaithis individual is haopv the fact is Trabliolv announced by means- of dynamite: . (p conclude that fce-is'aa' Irishman.)) With all this commotion, the crowds* of people were moat orderly/ The constables to tlie- nember of- sk-. or seven, who keep ordesr in a town, con taining perhaps five thousand able bodied miners, mingle' -with the csowd»). and seem to have nothing particularly to do, and to do it' thoroughly. All the hotels — antl their naaie- is legion — are opeE,ia-nd yet there is very little apparent drunkenness. A couple of 'happy' men who have been- dis cussing some knotty political point* — possibly the action of the Reichstag with respect to the aggrandisement of the German empire bv colonisation iii the Pacific — became quarrelsome,, undi at length agree to- decide the point in an essentially Brifcisli fashion. Ai.ring is formed without Iobb of time, andithe ' debate ' commences. Meantime & large crowd gathers round tLfe ex ponents of the aanly art, and specula tion is rife as -to the result. Tiers is considerable esscitement among the backers on eacbiaide-, and the Btalwai.ii constable who sho-rtly appears,,, must feel that his work is cut out foorrhimv However, he is- eq.ua! to the occasion... He makes his way to the edge of ike ring, and. addresses the assembly. I feel convinced from his appearance that he is a foreigner, and I naturaSy am pleased with' ray acuteness, when he speaks to this effect, in Italian:. — ' Fwhat do yea aiane by obatruotiag the Btreet lilse this ? I've a grate moind to runiyes all in— every, mother's son of yez^JjhJs to several' hundred miners) ... Git off the public- road,, and have yer diyaoshun round the- cooner there.' Alnidi cries of 'All- right,. old man !' the crowd and the combatants remove to .the- vacant allctaaaent indi cated b/.the- son of Italy,, where the ' diyarsh-UQ-! is- renewed and! concluded satisfactoraly. As it was now close on. midnight, and washfcag! to view gold) miiaeis in anothar. aspect, we entered a- church close by* wlaeb, rather ta.nay wsorprise, was well i Sited by. an attentive congre gation,! whoi were listening; devoutly to the remarks, of the parson, although, I am sorry to say, the goodlmoai was fre quently interrupted by bloats, not of exscratioEy but of dynamite,, fired close b-. Ej?om;tl!te church to .the- public hous«. Mas bub a few yards, where a ' sings song' was going on. A Tough looking man was giving the- ' Death of iNelson,'' in very gpodi style to a hitihly- appreciative- audience, who. joined lustily in- the chorus, and shook handB with one another when it was brought, home to their minds that 'England confessed1 that ever — ey man that day ha — ad done hi— is dut — ee.*' At the conclusion, of ths- song more- liquor was called! for, and another song was started. During its. progress, an immense bronzed ex cavator came- and sat beside me and asked me if I didn't think ' Mister (bio) Gladskm was (hie} ctaraed old ('hie) humbag.' Having rapidly calcu lated the probable results of an im prudent- answer, considering his size and mine, I hastened to assure him that I fervently believed the First Lord of the Treasury to be suon j and when he observed that the ' Bri'sh conhstushun -nTtftni-. 1-T1()b1* flllliTI ' T nmnnnofl Ilia 'UnTi* warmly, and said, 'thara about the size of it, old man 1' which bo affected him that the tears appeared in his eyes, and ho straightway insisted on my having a drink. Leaving my friend to Ub meditation* on the « Br'ieh naah'n,'. wo e^rollpd along the streets through the etoiri of sightseers; etopping occasionally to loot on while a ' spieler' plucked his victims, or a cbeap-jack sold gold watches for half-sovereigns, or to listen while a more or less muddled politician explained to us what his particular views were, until we reached our hotel* wher^ mine host was inviting his guests to drink success to the now- year, which: ceremony being duly perf ormed, I js tired to rest to dream anew of Ne^ Year's Eve in tho old country, happily oblivious of the scenes I had' witnessed' during New Teae's Eve oir a Q-oiiD- :. . FfEliD'. 