BOHOES OF MELBOURNE [By Tire GHosT.J The Victorian Legislature is apparently determined to falsify the saying that it is the unforeseen which generally happens. Year after year the beginning of every parliamentary session is wasted, and as a consequence a number of important measures have either at the fag end of the legislative year to be sacrificed, or passed without proper discussion. Once more has the usual routine course been taken; the whole of the notices of motion given by private members have been discharged from the notice paper, several important bills shelved, and the Council flooded with business which it must either set aside or get through with indecent haste, in order that the prorogation may take place before Christmastide. In this respect the Coalition Ministry, the Government of " all. the talents," is not a whit bettor than its predecessors. Mr. Service and his colleagues wasted time at the commence ment of the session-albeit the meeting of the chambers was unduly postponed until late in June-and are now compelled to abandon a large proportion of their " social reform" legislation in order to afford themselves a little breathing time ie fore the fast approaching general election. It is much to be regretted that the Legislative Council, which is virtually master of the situation, does not assert itself, and cause a change in the old order of things by delaying the passage of the annual . Appropriation Bill until all the measures brought under its notice have been considered with duo care and solemnity. So long, however, as the members of the Upper House permit the continuance of the present practice, so long will Ministers be content to allow it to re main in vogue, and as a consequence so long will the statute book of Victoria con tinue to be filled with ill considered and ill digested legislation, requiring amendment almost before the printers' ink has had time to dry. As an illustration of the axiom that the world is governed with a very small amount of wisdom, and the happy-go-lucky fashion in which legislation is initiated in the colony, the episode in connection with the Sludge Bill, framed for thepurpose of enabling the Creswick alluvial mines toget red of their detritus, can certainly be cited. The initiation of any legislation imposing any rate or tax in the Legislative Council is in direct opposition to the Constitution Act, and yet the Ministry, their representa tive in the council, the Parliamentary oflicials, and even the members of the second Legislative Chamber, appear to have been iniblissful ignorance of the illegality of introducing the Sludge Bill until the fact was incidentally, brought under their notice when another matter involving a question of privilege was under consideration. The country meantime had been put to the expense of printing the bill and submitting it to the Council, placing it on the noticepaper, and taking all the requisite steps in order to en ensure its passage, only to find that the ex pense and trouble involved have been thrown away, and that the whole proceedings in re lation to a matter of urgent re quirement must be commenced d noir. Until an example is made, and the authors of the blunders con stantly made are made to suffer in purse for their carelessness or ignorance, mistakes will continue to be made. It is after all but a poor satisfaction to the taxpaying public to learn that " someone has blundered." Another striking instance of the manner in which "flesh is made of ons and fowl of another" has just been afforded by the Assembly. Within a few minutes after agreeing to a bill granting a gratuity to the family of the late Mr. J. M. Grant, honourable gentlemen refused to entertain a proposal to deal in the same manner with the relatives of the late Hugh M'Coll, the well-known enthusiast on irrigation matters, and to whose exertions a large portion of the colony will some day owe its prosperity. It is another caseof the process known as "greasing the fat pig." Mr. Grant during his political career was in receipt of Ministerial salary for a longer period than any other member of the House, besides being the recipient of a testimonial of £3000, when at one time for a short period he re tired from political life. Mr. M'Coll has never been included in any Govern ment, and has never been rewarded for his patriotism'-bey6hodreceiving the annual somacerping to him as one of the people's representatives. Of the two men, which is likely to live the longer in the grateful recollection of the country ? The man who by his land legislation enabled a few men to'secure enormous tracts of the fair land of Victoria at me nominal price, or the one who; despite ridicule and obloquy, de voted all his energies to fertilising the arid portions of the, colony, and by his pluck and pertinacity caused ;sublic attention to be devoted to a question of the gravest importance to agriculturists of all classes, and to the welfare of those to whom lie devoted his best energies? Mr. Staughton, who caused the rejection of the grant to the family of Hugh M'Coll, has certainly no reason to be proud of his handiwork. A greater act of injustice was never perpetrated by the Victorian Assembly than the one of which they were guilty on Thursday last, on the motion of the honourable gentleman. Hitherto we have been satisfied in Vic toria with branding our cattle, our sheep, and our horses. Now we are called upon to brand our furniture. The edict has gone forth and henceforth under a penalty of "not less than £5 nor more than £50," our domestic belongings are all to be ear marked. The legislative engineer who hit upon this queer idea has been in a measure hoist by his own petard. With a view of fos tering friendly relations with the Chinese, and cultivating amicable feelings with China, to which country we desire to send our wool and other colonial products, it was proposed that all articles of furniture manufactured by the denizens of the flowery land, who affect the purlisus of Bourke-strect, should be specially marked with the names of thte makers. By simply causing thes rule to apply to all Victorian coloniste alike, the Council has ulhown the folly of the proposition and the redmichisoia ahsurdunss thuu arrived at will no doubt cause the rejection of the obnoxious regu. lation. That it shoulid ever leave been mooted hshwu how narrow minded and silly legislators can, on occasions, show themselves to be. A report of thce speeches made and re solutions agreed to at one of thse meat recent public meetings held in Melbourne would certainly not ho one of the least in teresting " exhibita" at the Indian and Colonial Exhibition to be opened next year in London. On Wednesday .last the labeurers in the employ of the Corporation met and fixed, not only thteir hours of labour, but tics rate of pcay thecy wvere to receive for the crock performed. Thcy re solved that "seight hsoucs should be a day's ivork, end seven shillitgs a day's pay." WYhen thes unexheauting character of thte " Corisoration stroko" is taken into consideration there can be litttle doubt thcat, at all events, one of Mr. Ilerry's many aspirations has been ceealised Sand thcat Victories is indeed ' es fiascounr for the workiag man." uny The Full Court has granted a new trial in the Malpas v Malpas divorce suit on the ground that certain evidence was improperly received. But the cause celebre is not likely to come before the public again. Sooner than risk the reversal of the plaintiff has decided to pay the costs of his now no longer his wife and those of Mr Sullivan,the co-respondent. The bill will amount to several thousand pounds. Lawyers are an expensive luxury as Mr Malpas has no doubt found out. But it is seldom a successful litigant is made is made to pay so dearly for his success at the Craigieburn squatter. December 14, 