V-K.C- SPRUNG -UUKTUNG. The Oaks Day. ClEOi OCE 3IELB0DKXE COEEE3POXDENT.) Thursday Evening. day—wnica as l>y some called , the off-day, and by others the Ladies* day— J is certaiuly one of the most enjoyable of the i Spring meeting. Although there is a very' 1 fair attendance, it is not sufficient "within the eodosme to occupy the whole of the j eests, and consequently one can more about ] ■with freedom, meet one's friends, and gene rally enjoy the on ting. The course; although in good order, shows signs of the many thousand feet that trampled over it on Tuesday, especially on the flat by the river turn. The Australian Baud, as usual, occupies a position on the lawn, and has to-day. as throughout the meeting, added to the enjoyment of visitors by the choice selections of music it has" discoursed. The ladzes are in great force, and, a3 the weather is fine; irith a fresh south-west breeze, promenading on the lawn is a favorable occupation of the fair sex, many of whom, i though not gorgeously arrayed, sport j some "Very handsome costumes. Cream 1 and light colors prevail, as on Cup day. ■ The racing commenced with the Maiden Plate, for which only four cut of 12 oa the card weighed, cut. Winchester was made a hot favorite, leaving the paddock at 3 to 1 ou him T*he race was never in doubt until 50 yards from home; when Cyclops, who came with a wet sail, nearly caught Winchester napping ; as it was, the favorite got home by : a neck only. The Flying Stakes, which had 39 ou the card, only brought out a field of seven ; Acme; of course, being installed the favorite. She was never dangerous, and i Blairgowrie; a 10 to 1 chance, won rather comfortably by over two lengths from Maddelma 5 Chesham being third. Tiie Spring Handicap, which generally produces a good field, only bid 16 starters out of an entry of 46- Sr. John and Lantern were most fancied for this race, although Cerise and. Blue, Merrimn, and others were supported. Lavington made most of the ranniflgj hut when the pinch came he could not answer the call, and had to be content with third place ; Cerise and Bins, who had been in a good position all the way. winning by two lengths from Vdcriptde. The XIoval Park Stakes numbered amongst the entries many of the Cup cracks, but a dozen were scratched, leaving only live to fight -it cut. Trenton was the favorite. The race was a mere farce, all the horses cantering at a sl«>w pee for more than a mHe, when a little more steam was put on, bet it was not T*n*n they passed the sheds that any real racing wa> done. Duulop ltd into the straight, with I=oacmy and Tieatoa next, hhf tray up, the favorite was let out, and lauded aa easy winner by two lengths, (Hemus coming with a wet sail) securing second money, Dnnlcp being third. The Weight for Age Steeplechase was evidently not in favor with horse owners, as there : were only seven ou the card, and of this number four were scratched, ih«* starters ; bring Denmark, Trickett, and Banker. The race was a chapter of accidents. Denmark, who was served up very w-irrr a* 4 to 1 on him, came down at Ilia secsad fence and, although remounted, fvli again et the next obstacle. Kildcff was quickly in the ; pigskin again, and went after the other two. i Old Trickett had a long lend, but at the back J of. the course he came down, and so did j Banker. The former was quicker in being j remounted, but at the home turn Claui j took the wrong coarse and missed the last ! jump, which was safely negotiated by ! Banker, who came in second ; Denmark, j who was third. c?iae in at a great pr.ee. A j protest agsiost Trickett was allowed, the j race bring given to Banker, asd Denmark '■ placed second. The Oaks brought cut the j five on the card, Ural la bring most In call, but "bookies" wanted 5 t-'»2 oa her. She took the lead at the start, made all her own running, and won easily by tiro lengths from Tarody. four lengths sejiaraticg her from Lady Claudia. Maiden Plate —A sweep of 10 sovs. each, £ with 250 added. Second hoise to receive | 50 sovs. out of the stakes. For three- I year-olds and upwards. One mile and a j half. Hon. W_ Kobln=oa*a bc« m Chester {late Manchester), 3yts, 7*t 9.b (Derriti) F. Henty's b c Cyclops, 3yr?, 7st 01b {Sanders) J". WiuttrngkacTs or c Panvaa, 3yr=. 7=t 9Ih (Trahau) Hon. J White's b f Percussion, 3yrs, 7st .4H» (Ellis) ... 0 Betting—3 to 1 on Winchester, o to 1 Cyclops and Percussion, 6 to 1 Parwan. From rather an indifferent start the favorite quickly went away with a lead of two lengths frctn Parwan and Cyclops, ~ Percussion being Lst. This order was j maintained round the river and aIo;i<£ the | Passing the abattoirs, and going down ; to the sheds Cyclops, and Parsran went up to j the favorite, but it was only cu sufferance. ] At the distance Winchester was nearly a 1 length ahead, and, although be won by i a seek, he was nearly caught napping, a« Cyclops came with a wet -ail, and Derritt was tntrrntT it easy on the favorite, Parwaa third three lengths off. Time, 2min 541?ecs. The Fltxng Stakes.—A sweep of 5 sovs j each, with 200 added- The second horse j to receive 50 sovs out of the stake. For 2yrs old and upwsrds- Weight fcr age. Three*qaariers of a mile. D. Cooper's ch e. Blairgowrie, 2yrs, fist filb (Flanagan) 1 Hon. W. A- Long's ch f Maddelina. 2yrs, ti 6at lib {(TCconell) 2 D. Cooper's ch c Chesham, 2yrs, fist fiib (McDowell) _ 3 ' Halcyon, Acme, CJelia, anJ Gemini also sisrted. Betting—- to 1 on Acme, 6 to 1 against j Maddellca, 10 to 1 Blaii^owxie, 20 to 1 others. ^ tie Held of 39 ims rednced to seven j acceptors, and from a fair start Gemini and : Acme rrere hrst to shot* in front, irith ] MaddeEnn and Halcyon neat Crossing the ian, Maddelina, on the inside, had a sTight advantage of Blairgoirrie, Chesham bang ' tturd, and the favodte fourth, going rather 1 ■widely. As they entered the course proper Acme began to go np, and took third place;. At the distance Maddelina was in the van with Blairgowrie close on her quarter?. Hall way up the carriage paddock the colt drew away, and was landed by over two lengths from Madddina. Chesham came fast at the finish, and beat Acme for third place. Gemini last. Time; 1 mia 204 sees. Spkxkg Handicap—A sweep of 5 sovs, with 200 added. The second horse to receive 50 out of the stake. For 3yrs old upwards. One mile and a quarter. H. Oxenhanfs b m Cerise and Bins, 4yrs, fist 101b (Guy) _ 1 W-Condrous br h Velocipede, 5yrs?, 7st J2Ib (Burton) , . 2 TV. A- Ungates br h Laviagton, 4yrs, 7st (Reed) - 3 St. Lawrence, Heneydew, Chnckster, Cameran^, The Ghost, StL John, Mtrrimu, Lantern, ' Gratitude, Merman, Arsenal, 3>gh?aa asd 3Iarie Louise also started. Betting r 2 to 1 St. John, 6 to 1 Lantern, 7 to 1 Ckackstej; Merrimn,- and Ceriseand Bine; 10 to 1 others. Sixteen horses faced the starter, the 'pen. having been put through 30 names. Veloci pede, Ceiise and Bine, and Lavingtou were firatfc away, Chuckster and Cameriae being at the head of the others. Lavington, before they bad gone a hundred yards, was leading at a dipping pace, and as they passed, the Hallway bridse Camerine wens on second, then came Velocipede; Cerise and Blue; St. -John, and Chuckster, with Lantern coming up. At the abattoirs Laviugtoa was three lengths ahead of Lantern, who was juat" clear of -Cerise and Blue; then came Chuckster," Merrimn, and. St. John. As "they: rounded _ the turn into the straight Lavington, who had made his pace a cracker throughout, was still in the van, with Cerise and Blue in close attendance; Chuckster on the rails, Velocipede next, and St.. John on the -outride. At the distance Cerise Blue forged ahead, and coming on, fall of running, won by two lengths from Velccl pede; who came veiy fast and beat Laviogtan for second place by a neck. Then come Merrimn and Gamenne. Time; 2mln IQTsec. The Royal Pabk Stakes.—A sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, with 200 added The second horse to receive 50 sovs out of the stake. For 3yrs old and upwards". Weight forage. Penalties pot cumulative. Two TpiTpg J). U'iSripns b h Trenton, 4yrs, Sat31bs {Including Jib penalty) (Robertson) — 1 S- 9- Cook's ch c Remus, 3yrs, 7st lllba (Sansders) ^-,2 A- Robertson's br c Dnnlop, 3yrs, 7st gibs (including 3ib penalty) (Foon) _ 3 Fhat Chester and Lonomy also started. Retting—7 to 4 on Trenton, 3 to 1 against First Cheater, 5 to 1 Isonoiny. The small field was despatched at the Brat attempt, Jsonocuy and - Trenton showing in the van, with Remus next The _ was little, better than a ■ /vMwmow and they" cams down the 1 j-ryigbt: aod past the stand, Dnnlop and Trenton "were four Ipngtbc ahead of the other three. They were all pulling doable, and no change, either In places or speed, took place round the river and along the back. As they approached the abattoirs there was a slight improvement, Dunlop, Trenton and Isonomy being balf-a-length from each other, First Chester and Reams close up. At the sheds the leaders were-almost together. Isonomy stall pulling double, whilst the others were going a bit freer. Dunlop led into the* straight, I«onomy and Trenton next. At the distance the favorite came away and won easily by two lengths from Remus, who came fast at the finish and beat Dnnlop for second place by a length, tbesame distance separating Isonomy and (First Chester. The latter would pro bably have been placed, but he tiled to get | up on the inside and failed. Time, 4mia. Ifisec. Weight-for-age Steeplechase—A sweep of o sovs. each, with 300 added. The I second horse to receive 50 -ors. out of the j stake. About 2^ miles. G. Watson's b g banker, aged, list 131b (carried 12it 41k) (T. Watson) — 1 ! X Cohen's b g Denmark, aged, list 131b (Kilduff) G. Cox's b g Tricketfc, "aged, list I31b (Cluue) dis betting—4 to 1 on Denmark, 5 to 1 agst Tricketfc and Banker. Only three out of the seven on the card sported silk for this race, and, as was to he expected, Denmark was made a very hot favorite; leaving the paddock at 4 to 1 on him. When Mr Watson let the trio go Denmark at once went to the front and showed the way over the first fence by eight ! or teu lengths from Trickett, who was about j the same distance in advance of Banker. At the second fence, to the sur prise of everyone and the joy of j the metalficians, the favorite came dowu. Trickett then led past the stand, and, although he wa3 not jumping well, he managed to safely negotiate all the obstacles, followed by Banker. In the meantime Denmark had been caught and remounted, | and, strange to say, cazne down again ! at the triple by the straight. KUuufT, i however, was quickly on again, and was ; loudly cheered as he topped the stone wall. Going round the back, firsfcTrickett, and then j Banker, came down. They were both re mounted, the former first, and he came i away with a good lead, hut at the home turn i lune took the wrong course, and missed the last fence. Watson, on Banker, kept I the proper coarse, and, getting safely orer the j obstacle?, cantered np the straight past the j pest seme 50 lengths behind Trickett, ! Denmark coming very fast some distance oft. i A protest was entered against Trickett for j going the wrong course, and allowed, the j race being awarded to Banker, and Denmark placed second. Trickett being distanced. Time, 7miu. 25Jsec. The Oaks Stakes.—A sweep of 25 sovs each, with 375 added ; 300 sovs and all the sweepstakes for the first horse. 50 for j the second, and 25 for the third ; for 3yrs old , fillies, Sst 2011) (01 subs ) Hon. J.White's b or br f Uralia (Hales) Hon. W. Pearson's b f Parody (Power)... M. Jacobs'cbf Lady Claudia (M. O'Brien) ?. Gardiner's br f Buttress (Bralthwaite) 0 i E. G Taint's b f Violet (Robertson) ... 0 | Betting—5 to 1 on UniUs. 4 to 1 Lady Claudia, 5 to 1 Parody, G and S to 1 others. The favorite went to the front the j moment the fi»g fell, followed by Parody j and Violet. At the mile and a quarter post TJralla had a lead of a length from Parody, who was 2 lengths ahead of Lady Claudia, Violet last. This order was maintained j along the back, past the Railway bridge, by the abattoirs, and down to the sheds, the ] only change being Uralla having increased ' her lead to three lengths. Buttress and Violet were outpaced, and the favorite, leading into the straight, won easily by 2 | lengths from Parody, who was 4 lengths ahead of Lady Claudia. Time, 2miu. j 42isec. The Veteran Stakes.—A handicap sweep of 5 sovs each, with 200 added. The , second horse to receive 50 sovs out of the j stake. For4yrs old and upwards. One mile and a half. [By Electric Telegraph.] M _ Loughliu's b g Britisher, aged, 7st 121b (Fallon) 1 ; II. Oxsnhain's b m Cerise and Blue, 4yrs, Cst'Sib (Gerry) 2 ; M. -Jacobs' b h Metal. Git I2!h (Bedfearn) 3. The other starters were Grace Darling. Tom Brown, Welcome Jack, Acolyte, Kit Kubbles, Coriolanns, Lord Wilton, Plausible, The j Agent, Wing, Chucksttr, Ruby, Comet, Bcsworth. IVnjpe, Anglesey, Ravens worth, Doacaster, Meutxuore, Kingship, and Genoa. Anglesey led past the stand, with Ravensworth next, followed by Bos- j worth and Genoa. Grtce Darling f-Jl, ami : Kingship and Doncaster followed suit, whilst Comet Jo?t his rider. Duncaster was ' killed, and WillLuis (the rider ot Grace ] Darling) was a good deal shaken. Ravens- j worth ied to the abattoirs, where he was j supplanted by Comet. Cerise and Bine I came in the straight, but was passed by Bri j tisher, who won by two lengthry Metal third. Time. 2min. SSjsec. 