The Passing of Qiteen Chlo e. Last of a royal race, she stood Upon the village street, Her black head-hidden-in her hood And bare her broad black feet, Yet wore she as become a queen Her'old an'd tattered bombazine. A Dryad of the mourning woods Was she. The years went by -* And left her as a wreck the floods Leave stiranded high and dry : In fact, the woods, give her her due; No dryer Dryad ever ki-ew. Not all her kindred's kingly dust, Her sires' residumn, : Would in the township get her trust For one poor pint of rum.. So have the mighty fallen: so Has fled the faith of long ago. Time was when, waddy-weaponed, they, ,The naked chiefs of old, Would never mention trust or pay, Or talk of bought or sold, But simply seize their beef and bread, And lea.ve the station-cook for dead. Alas ! those good old days are gone, As all good things go here Where is the head that sat upon Our Melbourne brewer's beer? You lift your glass, that white head sinks The same law levels days and drinks. And so, like a squat silhouette Etched out against the sky, She stood until the sun had set, . As sober and as dry ; Thinking how former suis had sunk, And left her noble father' drunk. Till withier muiings-mixed a sound Of music deftly made, By him who kept the village. pound And Lydian measures played. The.instrpunent he thundered on Was'tliediublimie accordioi. It was a wild iuncarthly air With a most fiendi:ch fall A mixture of the "Over there," And the " Dead March in 'aul." I wonder it did not.exhume The maestro from his uouldy tomb. Tihe way he handled Handel's art Was a grimi sight to see, It fetched the simple swavage heart Of her Black Majesty; For in that very tinm and place She heard the dead mairch of her race. And, saw the dark ,rocession pass-= Ptlphet ?taid sage ail sier As wvho sees darkly through a glass Of brandy, or of beer. Each brandished in his hand full free A bottle as in mockery. Her head drooped lower on her breast, Her pipe dropped from her jaws. The ghosts filed'by. ' The'l hst bne pressed Upon his fellow. Pause, O reader, here, for here she died To swell that grim procession's pride. What mnore? They buried her full deep Out where the wild dog cries, . . And kanigaroos come there to wveep, And 'possunis pipe their dyes. In torrid thirst she passed away She had to die to wet her clay.! A.'RCHIER, 