, The,Coming Bicyclers,easpn..î Wheelmen right through the' country will tia1 glad hear,, thatroyeryrpreparation.has hopn-pn,adp for the coming seasonally,tho ("only^-'firmiôf-^practicalr bicycle men in Sydney. This account ¡will be of additional interest to tho rast numbers .'of people who are yearly swelling the numbers of tho knights of the wheel-for' the reason' that in] making their selection from thc firm referred to, they aro Bolccting from a stock of cycles of tried and proved merit. Messrs. Bennet and Wood,1 of tö" King-street, Sydney, tho principal honse in tho colonies, sololy devoted to tho bicycle trade; havo certainly tho largest and most varied and valuable stock to bo found under any ono roof in tho colonies. Being practical mechanicians themselves, tho firm havo selected for their Stock only: those machines i whick aro best snited to Australian use, and they comprise lightness of build, genuineness of material, and all the latest improvements-notably tho patent for minimising or removing tho vibration of tho smaller wheel, , ' The makes .which ; Messrs. Bennett/and Wood haye introduced for Australian whcplmonara, ?¿'wo have said,'of the highest proven quality', aa may rbe judged' from the fact that hil tho píiáé! winning bicycles of,the last scáson carno from,"their establishment. Ope advantage which whcolmpu have 'in ' connection with Messrs. Bennett 'and Wood's'establishment is,; that all ;ropairs oin Vb expeditiously performed hero, and, .any broken or injured part replaced with duplicates. . All tho necessaries for wheelmen for match or for o^chr mohV'are supplied:by tho firm at a trifle'ovtavthb homo .manufacturer's prioes. Messrs, Bennett aiifl Wood, will furnish illustrated pamphlets¡",with .full particulars as to price;'carriage, &c.; ,'on: application beiág made ito them.' Storekeepers and others arc liberally dealt with, und largo , concessions are.madu in cases where bicycle clubs aro being started. ' The patron saint of all wigniakers'ia,^'. LóufS bf France, ; who,: says ' a recent ;German writer, through the ingenuity of his mother,' Queen Bianca of Castille, wore the first wig - that ever graoed the head of mortal man of wcman.ü Thc story, spas than when King Louis, returned from a crusade tb the Holy Land his mother wad shpeke'd at seeing that the hardships of.thc jónfney; to- gether .' with ' the ' hot climate ¡ of Palestine;! had robbed her eon of all his hair. ' But besides being a devoted mother,, QueenBianca was an ingenious woman, who soon found a way ont of her.diffioulty. Each knight at Court, the colour of whose hair'hod .vén 'thé slighest resemblance' toi her sbn'sj^'wsk bereft! of robe Jock, which deftly joined; became an ornamental covering: for her, son's bald head.; jT.he hbpbuf of, bebg [made the patron, saint of, wjg makers ought; therefore, hy rights have be¿ñ'con ferred on;thémother instead Pf the son; but"there m abms ootWbtionih the fsot ¿bat after a lapse of six centurias Queen Bianca's'ghost arises pointing ont that, in spite.of all sayings tç< t¡he contáfty,,npt only in the nineteenth century women ruay be in v'èfitbrs. but that even at the dawn bi1 the Middle ¿ges ta] mman iJounditi aBi indust^'hy^whieh thousands at present earn their daily bread. 