Metcber. r 3 Oar Carnival Racecourse. BX GBOSVENOB BCNSTEB. (Concluded.) Well, as I have said the hill, as it now ' stands, is the beBt site on the ground. Stand- 1 ing upon its elope, the eye catches every toot of the course. And as I observe this, I dis cover that a new training ground, one mile round, has been recently made within the circle of the course. Jonathan, the worthy ranger, tells me that it is the soundest training [ ground on the whole three hundred and twenty acres, and that it is built on nine inches of iron stone rock and nine more of loam, Band, and ton, in the most approved fashion. Yonder, aB he points out—away to the left, are the sand track,one and ahalf miles, the one mile tan, and the one mile 'cinders.■ I am told with a certain pride, that the rolling and harrowing, and such like work in eonneotion with these tracks, involve an annual labour covering a distance of 7000 miles. In summer the tracks are regularly watered every day. We descend from the Hill and enter the passage whioh leads to the grand-stand, and ’ the lawn. Here, Bhortly, will be built a covered way, through whioh the salt of society will pass, unseen and uncriticised by the baser clay. Not that, this is the especial object of the improvement, which indeed is projected for tho purpose of still further increasing the resources and area of the Hill. - • Jonathan, big in the pride of his office, pro duces his keys with that air of responsibility which might attach to an old time butler, as he leads the way to an inspection of the glories of the cellar. And now we perceive the full development of a scheme, which has been made in the interests of that other class of the publio, the members of whioh, so to say, travel with first-class tickets in the trains of amusement at race times. This is the swell’s region, and proper recognition of its superior requirements is evident on all sides. Place in dames ! Let us enter, timidly and nervously, yet with that eager curiosity with which innocent bachelorhood regards every thing connected with the ladies and their sur roundings. This is one of the retiring rooms. Nay, by tho mass 1 but I must laugh. The most prominent furniture in this gorgeous apartment consists of mirrora 1 Mirrors large, mirrors small; mirrors whioh reflect the face and bust only, and large cbeval glasses, which give forth to the inquisitive fair the reflex of the whole of the glories of her form and cos tume. Here, no question, the dainty maids and matrons who bloom on tho lawn during Cup week, and whose gay and brilliant attire rival Mr. Moore’s mantling blossoms of many colo red hues—here, I say, within these roqpis (for there are two, each 140 feet long) might be seen and heard muoh by the philosopher (were he - invisible) which would improve his knowledge of the feminine nature. . Whai pleasure, -gratified vanityinnocent triumph, mortified pride, delight, and dissatisfaction, have these mirrors in turn reflected, and shall again reflect 1 How many a woman’s heart has beaten high,' or lowered its pulses, as these honest tell-tales, set on all sides, have given baok a truthful answer to wistful or eager feminine inquiry I I wonder whether Mr. Moore chuckles as ha looks around at this room. For myself, I own I burst out laughing. But not alone mirrors for the ladies. Everything the chnrmerB need is provided. Here and there are hung “ housewives,” filled i with needles, silks, cotton, pins, and the i thousand and one contrivances with which i women “fix" themselves. If an awkward i cavalier tread upon a lady’s train and rip its i “gathers,” all bIio has to do is to repair to ! one of these dainty apartments, where she will find appliances for remedying the evil, , and recovering her oomplacency by noting i the facial effect of bad temper in a looking i glass. And if, haply, tho sun may have , burnt, with his amorous glances, her fair ! cheeks or delicate nose, here shall she find i cold cream, or violet powder, or toilette > vinegar, or some such delicate preparation to i rolieve her sweet visage: while she may assuage her annoyance and relieve her feelings by the i application of the smelling salts provided by i excellent Mr. Moore. By George I I think that, all things considered, that gentleman should be the best lauded man in Victoria, among the ladies at any rate, during Carnival Flowers are, of course, distributed in every part of these apartments, for their greater adornment. Cut flowers are also provided; so that a lady needing some dclicato blossom to still further enhance her oharms, may find it to her hand. Cases of flowers for this pur pose are brought from such districts aB pro duce them earlier than hereabouts. Even Sydney contributes its contingent of blossoms —among which the Warratah is ever promi nent. All this is gallant work; but'it is no less policy. While it gives pleasure to tho fair, it no less brings grist to the mill. A cunning gentleman is Mr. Byron Moore. It seems a coarse matter, but really I think I am as muoh interested in the next apart ment into whioh I am introduced. We have looked upon the purely msthetio and poetic features of a racemceting ; let us now inspect the more natural attractions. Here, my friend, is where King Appetite is assuaged. Observe that this is the luncheon room, and consider what a spectacle it must present during race week. It is silent and empty enough now, though one might fancy ghosts of departed revellers flit about unseen, yet hungry; but in the course of a couple of months its lofty space shall echo to the pops of champagne, corks, the crunch of teeth, the bustle, and laughter, and, truth to say, vulgar hubbub and confusion of such assemblies. Flowers again will bo seen in profusion. Why not 7 Does not one enjoy such matters the better, for dainty and refining surroundings. If it be pleasant to the eye to gaze upon a boned turkey or a raised pie, is not it the more so to let it Test'awhile upon the sweetness and freshness of bloom and blossom? - . Who does not appreciatelhe effect of the dainty furni ture of a dinner tablo 7 Who then shall not applaud tho conjunction of such influences as are afforded by the'presenca of sweet flowers. Nay, the taste is clas8io,andhas the authority of the best traditions. The Governor's apartments are all that they should be. Pleasant ta be a Governor I should say—at racetimes anyway. At other times, when pestered by dull “ statesmen ” and vulgar pretension, the post may realise the axiom that “All that glitters is not gold.” It must indeed be hard work sometimes, play ing Governor, and sooth to say must involve an extra employment of .that suave hypoorisy with which social illusions are sup ported. But here, away from the disabilities ' of his office, he and his ladjPwife and brave youngsters and gallant suite, must have a high old time of it. I peep into the pantry whence the good things are served. Yes— there are.times when I would be a Governor. For truly we treat our Governors’ better in the matter of feeding than fell to the lot of the honest ruler of Barataria, who got nothing to eat you will remember, but argument and promises. This is the Press room. These stairs lead to 'the compartment whence the recording ! angels take note and notice of the races. Every convenience is provided for these worthy people. In that division at the end are plaoed the telegraphia operators. What a jump all this, from the time when the first conrse in Australia'was founded by the fine' gentlemen of His Majesty’s 101st regiment of foot. * _ ■ The saddling, paddook, or where the gentle men of the ring do congregate to do their business or do somebody else’s, is, as all the world knows,' under the Hill, to'the west of the stand. Here too a variety of improve ment have- been made, all tending to the facilitation of the great Carnival of the year. Yonder the Judge’s stand, wherein the arbiter of every oontcst places himself. By my faith I I often think that many a criminal has heard, with less emotion, the fiat of a judge of law, than have thonsands who have marked that of a judge of a race. ■ The new stand overlaps the old one, and is built up on an area of land scooped out of the hill. The orush and crowding, which of late years, marred the pleasure of so many, I is now avoided. The rush will be for the new stand, and the race to the swiftest. The ladies, whose robes are a higher consideration than a horse raoe, may therefore move more leisurely with their escorts, and take their places in the old stand. The-foresight which led the committee to adopt thiB plan goes to Bhow again their sensibility to the claims of puhlio convenience. But let us get on, across the lawn, and on past the ivied walls and ranger’s cottage. I observe that carpenters and painters are hard at work, and learn that they are the employes of the olub. All work, whether of craft, or farm, or garden, is done by men engaged on the estate. The work-rooms of earpenters, blacksmiths, painters, point to the circum stance that there is enough to keep business brisk the year round. The farm work is ex tensive, consisting in harrowing, carting, mowing, and suchlike operations. Eay is grown for the working horees, of whioh there are eleven—such animals as'ore rarely seen, save in a brewer’s lorry, or a horse show. Fat and lusty, they seem to have a good time of it, with a splendid stable in which to pass their hours of ease and munoh their sweet hay. By the way in which Jonathan poses himself as we regard some of these brave creatures, 1 gather that he takes rare pride and satisfac tion in them. 1 li b d i On pleasant lines, truly, is cast the lot of i honest Jonathan. He has been associated 1 with the course for more than twenty years, i and may be said to be part and parcel of the : institution. Here is his cottage standing on , a gentle elope, and embossomed in flowers and ! shrubberies. From the verandah I watoh i the coaching of the youngsters on the traoks. • There are some twenty of them, each, doubt less, as much a subjeot of anxiety and hope i and fear to his trainer, as bipeds, on their en i trance into life concern their mothers and ■ fathers. Indeed, there is not a little which is ■ alike, and runs parallel to—the course of a . child’s life and that of a colt or filly." Each s trains for the prizes of life, in some form or i another, and a similar pioturc is presented in , cither case of the rarity of bucccss and the i constancy of failure. A few come to the i front, and a few remain there—like old Com [ motion—stoutly contending against all new • oomers. But what becomes of the ruok, l whether human or equine ? Bo they not i pass into the oblivion of forgetfulness 1 Are they not merged into the common lot, and ■ labor out their lives in humble shadow ? I : often think that a Gup winner iB like the i belle of a London season, or a society beauty, ) who rarely shines in the firmament of fash i ionable caprice or whim, more than once. ; And yet Bee how eager the women are to , shine even for this brief space 1 Perhaps the , motive may be the speculation, and the value 1 of notoriety may be turned to as happy ; account in the case of the woman as in the ) oase of the horse. : But what is all this 1 I note that Jona i than is eyeing me furtively, as I stand in his i verandah thus reflecting; and I doubt not , that he thinks the excellent whiskey to which we have been treated in his house has proved . too much for my weak brains. But I tell . him I waB'thinking that had I the ohoice I 1 would rather live in his cottage than in ) Government House, in which, indeed, iasober i truth. At which his faoe relaxes, and though 1 he answers nothing, he looks the honest i gratification my poor compliment has £n i spired. i Jonathan’s garden is a very glory of blos , soma. Particularly am I attracted: by tho ; native heaths, which are cultivated here. It is ■ a popular delusion among amateur gardeners, ! that the heath will not bear translation to : artificial treatment. “ That” say s our cicerone, l “ is simply because they know nothing about s the matter"—an explanation I fancy, of the i majority of popular delusions. i Attached to tho cottage is a small green s house, where pot plants aro placed in plenty. ’ Sometimes, you sec, in this eccentrio climate, : tho olork of the weather plays sad pranks to i wards the end of October. The wind and rain , combine to mar the completeness of the floral 1 decorations of lawn and avenue. In that case, the remedy is at hand. The pot plants are buriedin theeartb, andthe eye is satisfied. : There is surely something of enthusiasm in ; these fond precautions on the part of Mr. > Mooro, to complete the glory of the placo, at 1 Carnival time. Of the ferneries, the Ivied walls, tho “ har dening house,” in which plants are prepared for planting out; of the hedges of gazania i and masses of pittosporum, of the planta tions right and left, and the whole further details of this most pleasant spectaclo, I i speak no more. Let mo hope that there will be few of my readers who will not judge for themeelves in the first week of November, and that of the thousands upon thousandswho then crowd the Hill and Lawn and Stand and Flat, there will be as few insensible to the oircum Btance that in converting the public portion of Flemington racecourse into a species of a great garden, muoh has been, done to forward. tho interests of the popular sport and elevate its ohoracter by its associations. We may be sure of this, that the less horseracing is made purely a business for .the gambler, and the more its brave influences are assbeiated with beauty and refinement and honest wholesome enjoyment, the more certainly will its popu larity expand and grow. Yonder, on the now track are a dozen beauties taking their gallops. As our trap ascends the gentle Blope of tho new members’ road I watch them, and marvel not at the strong hold the sport they confer upon us should have upon society. Nor do I wonder either that people' who delight in such sports should have • been, and should still be distinguished above all others, for their sturdy independence and robust manliness'ol cha 