'CRACKED UF," OR "BROKE DOWN." The few months which have already elapsed of this season have seen the collapse of more public favourites and brilliant performers than I ever remem- ber in any similar period. Fryingpan, Reginald, Newstead, Matchlock, and Plunger, all first-class 1 weight-for-age horses, have followed each other in rapid succession on the list of dead 'uns, and, although the pen has not yet been drawn through Newstead's name for the Derby, that operation may be considered done, for any chance the colt -may possess of winning the Blue Riband. Daring the past few days ramonra hare been circu lated that Lord Wilton, Coronet, "and, still more recently, ' Commotion, were each amiss. The champion, I am glad to say, mored aU right yesterday morn ing, but, I believe, ho reallv had a narrow escape of being badly lamed on Saturday, having strained a tendon- through "putting his foot in a hole," which, in my opinion, is precisely what one of his backers did on Saturday night. The young gentleman I refer to had taken a thousand to sixty about Com motion some weeks back, and, hearing on Monday that the old horse was "cronk," ne laid a- bookmaker two. thousand to eighty, and imagined that he was making twenty pounds -by the transaction. . As. the crack never looked, or ..moved better .than he did yesterday morning, I'm thinking 8u young man will have to take a thousand back shortly; or -stonda veiy good chance of losing one. Lord Wilton and Coronet have each' been temporarily under a cloud, which, however, judging by recent market indications, seems to be clearing away now. As long as Newstead's name remains amongst the list of Derby candidates, so long will his supporters hope against hope that he will win. . I fancy the end awn AH WA swu « utBvwuw, jxlt. irrant, is here, and will, I 6hoold -imagine, either scratch or bock the colt. If he has a ghost of a show of winning the Derby, the odds now on offer against him are most tempting. If his 'chance is- hopeless he should be scratched at once, or- some very harsh things will be said- South Australian backers will, of' course; be the heaviest losers by his withdrawal, though a good deal of Victorian money has gone on the Maribymong Plate winner, both straight out and iu doubles. Our denunciation of the colt's Derby prospects have, of course, saved much money being lost on him of late, and his present position in the market is/amongst other things, another illustration of the fact that it is money - that makes the market, and when that money is hot forth- ' coming/or a horse, while tons ofjhibiri are forthcoming against bim; Jj-; upon it, there is a screwiootetomiesriaeri) and backers are scarcely acting vtitelji in attempting to tighten it witirthrir"BpaTC cash. V-.:-1,7"i . 1? 