(tricals in America. Jaulcrscm is back in Now York vn company, and has opened with groat success, playing in the States, and iJe\T York with colat, appealing b, Femmo a Papa, and her well |cuch Specialities. Her ward Sjiurl), all made for this tour by jRodrigucr, the celebrated thea jhimier oE Paris. and Crank have brought out Body oE Errors in sumptuous TjAEter a run in New York *it has on tour, and draws money. |e is improved on by one or two |es being written in, and a gor get is introduced. - advices the company playing gftdows oE a Groat City was doing ' jM|ht at lioston. jus Janish has drawn well in k, as Anselma, in Sardou's play toe, a risky thing. She is on a 'ugh the American cities. The extravaganza of Aclonis has run over 400 nights in New York, with Dixey, a popular comedian, in the title role. Barry Sullivan is expected in America for a farewell trip. The new faroioal comedy of A Rag Baby is a success all over; America, and has reaohed San Francisco. T. "VV, Kbenh, the tragedian, makes steady upward progress. -We find him doing good business at Louisville as Hamlet, Richard lit, Shylook, and so on. He is a coming man, and fairly rivals W. E. Sheridan, or aators of that standing. Baker and Farron have a now play, which is not "very highly spoken of., A tragedian named Miln is raising a name in the back blocks—if we may be allowed to furnish America with an Aus tralian phrase. The Magistrate was brought out with' great success at tho Fifth Avenue Theatre, Now York, under Augustin Daly's management, with James Lewis as Posket, John Drew as Ool. Lukyn, and Ada Rohan as Mrs. Posket. , Pinero was present at this performance the first night, being on a visit to New York. He was called before the curtain, and made a speech. ■ The Mikado is a tremendous hit in America, from Now York to San Fran cisco, and is being played in both .those cities—in New York by two companies. tho friends of the mombors, who woi'o assisted In tliolr porformanco by Miss Kate AMnson and Miss Josophlno Ireland. Tho llrst part of tho programme oouslBted o£ 1''. AV, Drough ton's comedy, "Tho Fairy of tho Glori," Mr, Thomas Hal nor, who took tho part of Tom Oonyora, a bnronob's no'or-do-woll sou, If not tho horo of tho play, was dooldodly tho horo of tho ovon ing. His rondorlng of tho oharaator. of tho hlgh-splrlbad and good-hoartod sbamp,. was marlcod by oonsldorablo humor, and no small sharo of dramatlo talout. Miss Kato Vinson was sprightly and amusing as Lady Oonyora, and lookod vary charm ing in liov piquant aostumo of crimson and bluo satin, Mr. AV, B, Lamond gavo a vory good rondorlng of tho oharaotor of Sir donyor Oonyors, and Mr. H. t'onuo fathor both lookod and aotod tho part woll of Artnur Mlddloton, Tho characters of Oooll Arano and May lllvars, wcro well rondorod by Mr, 0, Hooko, and Miss Josophlno Ireland, Tho bright little aomody of "Uncle's Will," oonoludod tho oritortalnmont, Mr, Kalnor, as tho good naturod and slow-wlttod Oharlos Dash moro, again delighted tho audlonoo j whllo Miss Vinson gavo a olovor and humorous rondorlng of tho part of Floronco Marl gold. Mr, Fonnofathor dosorves pralso for tho manner in which ho playod his , small part of Mr. Barkor, .During tho 1 evening tho orohostra, undor tho aon duotorsidp of Mr. Frank Smith, performed I sovoral solootlons, including a vory protty ' valso from " lolantho." Tina Nomad Olub glvo a porformanoo undor tho patronago of Sir Honry Droug, ham Looh, in tho Melbourne Athonioum on Thursday Docombor 10th, Tho ontor tainmont is glvon in aid of tho funds of the " Try Hxaclslor " olassos and will con sist of tho porformanoo of two plays by tho " Nomads," ontitlod " Old Sailors " and " A Phonomonon in a Smock Frock," to bo followed by a concort. This ontor prising club is not yot a twolvo month , old and already numbers 130 members, having bogun with a cricketing olevon. A MOST onjoyablo ovoning was spent at tho Scotch Oolloge on Friday last, on ! tho oooaslon of a Minstrol and Ararloty ontortainmont, given by tho boys. Be sides tho present scholars there wore many old collogians present, and tho curtain rose at eight to a largo audionoo. Messrs D. Morrison and ID. Dotnbrain noted ns Bonos and l'ambo respectively, while Mr. Gnyxnndo one of the gravest and most gullible of Interlocutors. The first part of the programme consistod of | the usual medley of songs and jokos, tho latter in many oases original and pro ductive of more than usual morrimont. Of ■ tho songs, " Duck Foot Sue," and '* The Hungry Man from Gcolong," wero sung with groat spirit by Mr. Morrison, who was deservedly encored for each ; while Mr. Dotnbrain in, '« Mary Ann I'll Tell Your Ma," and " Billie Johnson's Ball," was quite as successful. Tho by play of both these gentlemen iwas some thing to be romomberod, and the contrast of their different styles addod to tho en joyment. The other members of the com pany showed careful preparation in their songs, and wero all well received. After an intorval of five minutes the second part was openod by Messrs. Dickons and Patterson, with the duet " Tho Riflo Galop," which was played with great spirit and dash. Mr. D. Morrison fol io vved in his new Specialities, and was successful in causing roars of laughter. The farce of " Ghost in a Pawnshop " followed both in this and in the conclud ing faroe, " Mixed, or the Frights of London," the company acted with spirit, and without the staginessso noticeable in most amateur performances. When the curtain fell throe hearty cheers wore given for the company, and the audience left, delighted with a performance which formed a fitting end to one of the most successful Sports' Days that the College has had. Special mention must be made of Mr. Dickons, who acted as pianist, and accompanied throughout with caro and good taste, The thanks of all are duo both to Mr. Higginbotham, of Swanston streot. who supplied the greater part of the properties, and to whose aid tho cn tainmont owod much of its success, and to Mr, Thompson, of tho Nugget Theatre, who also helped with the properties. A OttiAXD concert will be given by the Melbourne Philharmonic Society, on Tues day evening next. The cantata, " The Holy City," will bo performed for the first time in Australia, with full orchestra. A grand symphony, by Anton Dvorak, composer of " Stabat Mater," will also be performed. A new part song, " For Thee," specially composed for the Society, by his Excellency, Sir "W. O. llobinson, Governor of South Australia, is included in the -programme. 