CONGLOMERATIONS. ««re invited to supply for publication Our readers . ^cordance with the follow- "Conglomerations," iu """"v be on any subing conditions :—l. The poems " "* 1 words to ject, and in any measure. 2. The select**. be used in any order—f. e., not necessarily In tUe 5ft inconsecutive order in which they are arranged. S. At least as many selected words are to be used as onehalf of the number of lines in the verses in which they are embodied. The selected words were Gate, Gentle, Ghost, Glitter, Grain, Grave. We publish the following this week :— 'Twas night. The glitter of the rising moon Dispelled the darkness that till then had reigned O'er all the scene; as Giles the farmer gained The gate of exit from the silent tombj Where slept his ancestors. With languid breath And gentle step he crossed the grate-yard drear; For trnth to tell his heart was filled with fear. As he retreated from that scenf of death, was it a gimi thai Mired his troubled brain? No. Giles was fict a superstitions man. His anxious thoughts on other matters ran His slender crops and market price of^ratn. PHILOMATH. That was no ghopt, my dearest Kate, You saw the other night, But gentle Anna at the gate. Arrayed in snowy white. Her cousin Tom was oS to sea, And they are sweethearts dear, So don't look grave; let's laugh with glee. No spirits need you fear, Unless it be those made from grjin, And such we all should dread— They glitter bright, yet oft bring pain To both the heart and liea<L B. S. S. Dick Dunderhead was quite insane. Of sense he'd not a sinele grain ; Vet he was gentle as a sleeping child. He looked as white as any ghost. But often had been heard to boast That he a lunatic had once been styled. I saw him standing near the gate Of yonder garden, grave, sedate, And unobservant of the world around. He neither smiled nor heaved % sigh, There was no glitter in his eye, But, statue-like, he uttered not a sound. CLEMATIS. A PUZZLER.—Hairdresser (mechanically)—"Much off, sir V Baldbeaded Customer—" Dont overdo it —don't overdo it!" [Goes to sleep.)—Pwuh. ' Can you tell me," asked a man ol his tailor, "how you came to get this coat so tigttr "Ob. yes, sir. The fact is you were tight what i measured you." A man In Lexington made a wager that he could name a hundred women in that town each of whom iB prettier than Mrs. Langtry. He wrote out ths list, and took it to the editor of a newspaper there. The editor said if he published it his hide would be literally riddled with ballet-holes. " Why," said tha other," every word of description appended to each name is highly respectful and complimentary" " You misunderstand me," said the editor; •" it's on account of the names not mentioned at all that I would be murdered if I printed your list." THE LONGEST NOSE.—Mozart and Haydn feeing at a party, the former laid a wager of six bottles ot champagne with the latter that he would play at sight a piece of music which he (Mozait) wouTdcompose. Haydn accepted the challenge, and Mozart speedily wrote down a few notes and presented them te Haydn, who, having played a fnelnda. exclaimed, "How do you tunic lean play that! My hands are at each extremity of the piano, ancf there ia at the same time a note in the middle.* "Does that stop you?' said Mozart: "waU, yon shall see me do it." On coming to the difficult pas. sage, Mozait, without stopping, struck the note in the middle of the piano with his nose, and everyone naturally bust out laughing; What made the act more ridiculous was that Haydn had a fiat nose, while Mozart's was a long one. Haydn, therefore, paid for the smaJIness of his nasal protuberance ths cost of six bottles of champagne. 