lINi THEE. BARBERS :SHOP.r) ':i ·Bt FIG~i~RO.: "I liaVo gathlored a pbdie at other mon~'aote~rl Ind dbthing i~iut. the thihadl~' alt binds .th'em~ ID) own.'-M.otTINR~ro.' ' I[ KNOW ?net to' iothbig, p uictieally I; ro6wlng. In the to6wu where', was reared t'here was no water available-fottii~ p irpse other than a ctinal ;'an'd this 'wai o betouled by the refuse firoi dye.work, .an-yardi, ald other noisomt manutfi'atohe; being emptied inol:it t'at it req???ired. anh etiasi'trong stomach'to row~over it with:tu'i the owner thereof " eastiig up aecount', Compared with it, as I reipaember it, even )Ur timilin'g'Tirra buiow bridge is sweot .a 'perrfmes of "Arabj tlie blest.•". There fore, in hero record.ii:g my pleasntre at, the •ictiy. 'achieved .by" Beaich last Saturday over.. hlianl'; I mkiiko no pretenDsidis to inderstand thei rtiirtli.' iof, the .science ,of which thdse two'neuare uch capaible ek pocents.. My gratification is because a *olonial.wonl and it vwild have been just as. grFeat had the victor"'beli any other Au8tralian.:..S 'o far," h'vwevIr,;h'. I can judge bythe 'reform of itbe race I've read, there cau bhen questioi Lihat Beach is the better sculltr of tho two. 'He's neow Vfaespi.o-of the World, aud I siincerely nph'ebj'll wear his honoura miodestly, dnd, 'adih'- hil turn comine to' b; defeated--as come 'it must-he 'll ,asgracfiefully ackliow edge his opponepnt obo e ihe better man as T hat the ydnuey people went wilid over Beich's victory is only what every, one knows was inevitable:iu the event.of their man. winning. '.BJut, they showed ii .tbis case, as they have done inimanuy similar cases ,lhow ~ generously, they ,can tireat a defeated.oppqent.:-lad 1Hailan wnii ,. 1 venture?to'say he wouldla't; e btaveeen half so popular ?qs ie now iis 'uthe i'fster col6oy. B ut losing, a snaripi on. wasat once started on his hehalfan d, so far as Ihve seen in the papers uip to the time I write, promisesto reatch a hlindsome sum. This I can readily underptann; but what isn't quite so clear to dnmy comprehknsion is why a dubscriptiohi shdould .have beenaiitiated to getup a fund, for the.permauent benefit of. 3each anrid liis family Ye't this has been done,, to-o and I see that ai weli:lknown Victorian has ?subscribed. 200 guineas to it... Of course people have. a. perfect ri'ht to doo, .i hat they like with their own money; bd?t. such.a disposition of it.as that I?m,, alludinig to, i a. .thing I. can't understiand'.L.. notice one thing re'porred to havie bieen said by Beuach' which I do appirove of-vii,. that if any.one challenges his retention of .i thei well-won title of Aquatic Chanmpion 'f,. the World, the challenger must,come to Australia.to try the issue. That, 1 bel'ieve, is in accord with' the rules regulating siuch ePveuts; ind Beach will be a foolish fellbw. it be volun tarily forgoes the advantages (if there are aunv, as i.have heard experts say there are) witch this.gives 'him the right of claiiming. .Little children often ask questions which it wonldn: tbei wise'to answ?er- more often some:which it's impossible to ianswer in a way ithat would make the answer compre hensible: to:thei, hunderstandidg.' Of' the litter clss- a respected cdstomer has fur nishes me: witi :thislinstance. Some merm bers of:!his. faniily; discuesing how'they wohld spend: Good .Friday, one of ithe juvenild branches; said, " Dad, why is it named Good'Fridaiy ?*"--empihasiing the adjective~l've r!italicised. " Because,; my dear,' began Paterfamilias in reply; and then he paueed to consider whether he himself reallly: kniew,the i reason why. Be fore he could pull himself together again, an elder daughter made answer, "Because it's the rannivereary of the day on which Obrist was crucified by the Jews." The litile iuiri~et loosked puzzled for a fewn o. ments. i Oh l" si said, '? "that's fiony, ain't it? I should have 'thobugitBad Itriday would hiave beainl ine proper "" There' sa cluibx f Melbourne much fre queptea d ,by iierary, men. ? t was o:nly latuiral that :its ;menmbers' should, wish.. to eiter?taitthei?' .bir ' brother" at present sojournmg in our midst. . Accordingly, hey invited this distinguished gentleman to difne Withl. them. Isuppose hlie accepted the invite,, ior':thtb club,.would hardly have spread its "tatle(iickets, two guineas each), aiid .assembled themselves together to wel come the great GAS. .But they; waited in vain ; the in?itedgiuest didn'tput in an appearance;. and, unless- I've, beer misin fri~ied, .failed .td: riotiiy.. that he 'either couldn't or,voidildn't be present. O course, this was. a ~cr;uel disappointmehn, to the members,, ydt I believe.the regret they, felt wvasn't so severeo.as tto. derive them of the power. ofs.spending: a, very jolly evening tsgether.'.T'I'he?iandB didh't suffer in con isequencdf :.the diospiointmenot.." Yet "damlt," 'aminus the "Ghost" is rather 'iunsatifa.'tory,, "'Alas, pdor Yorick I" . The Sydney,, cpntingent.. has reached Suakin in good time and condition. It was received, as it deserved to be, most enthu ;iastically by the British troops there, from the General commanding down to Private X. It'is quite *probablo that by the time 'tehe Words of mine.reach you our friends and neighbous., will have received their '" baptism of fire,'"out of.which I most sincerely pray they may comine safely 'and eveun un'aried; ' , There are; councillora elsewhere than ih Praahrawhowon't " wiihdrawi "irregular expressions wheii for inlly.cahlled. upon to do so. ' For:,instai e, iat.Beinalla lately, one member of the Shire Council accused the presidenit of " having a down upon him." And refusing'to withdraw and apologise for the allegation, but instead thereof leaving the chamber,' a; motion was carried to the effect that the offeiding councillor's action be constituted an offence, and that if he did not withdraw the expression before the next fortnightly meeting, the' sum?of £210aO be recovered trtim hilm according to law.. I confese .iIt pules ~,nahow to. account for sduch'obstinacy as thjs. Any man is liable in the heat iof debate to verbally, com mit himself, but whdn ;e hks cooled down h' ought not to hesitatiea moment in apo. logising for his loas of temper . I've a very strong objection-which I think isr instinctce-7to . practical joking. .Sth teiwi' t. .tir+o , iuc. loqk ,Pgo as ,ony a bit of fau, may be;to the practised upon a really serioiiu matter. I'm there tForpjease .when I hear of joliera goltinu punj?hed, as one was at.'i:zroy this weel. A hind lied rublied i nitrate of silver over the face of antothlic bwhilsta third pinioned the latter'a arms. The consequence was that the skiu of the victim's 'ace was tlrned black. And this blackness can't be re imord, though it will wear off in time, The ilea ii lde'fenco was that it was i"only.i jlke'1. ,I'm glad' the moaistrates couldn't see thu joke, and- so ordered the. young culpfit to.pay :a ine of £5,:or go toigaoj rslrern'ea.s, .-" ,: ·. There'a to bo a " Gipsy Eilcampinent;' opeped in the- Exhibition .Building ofi Easter Mondzay From )th preparations that iare being -inide i've no doubt it will be, a dvery :pretty and attractive, scene But Ill venture to say that: to those wh~i've ever seen a real gipsy encampment, that o0I Monday will be as ike :the genuine thins as,a stage shepherd reiembles s'a real onie.I " -. few weeks ago I ventured to aiser, that ouo. possible consequence of. thd dynamnite outragesin London would be thb dischargo by Etnlish employers of Iisll servants, by way of reprisal. The' fulfil inment of this has come even quicker than I anticipdited, as witness this extract -"I! is stated that, as a consequence obf the dypamite outrages in London, 1500'Iiili hae be'en dismissed from buiidings'in thdl coiree of construction in 'East; London up to, I'ebruairy 14,: and reports .have beei' received that a sinmilar imovement had be'dt started at MIanchester,Liverpool, and otheot provincial centres."' . 