Archbishop Morau's Refusal. TO THE EDITOR OF THE DAILY TELEGRAPH. sir,— Backed, as be would have it appear, by such highly reppectable authoritiea as St. Luko, the Evan gelist, ond Bobby Burns, the wit, Mr Norman M'Leod'a position regarding the above ee»me im- pregnane, xsnc your correspondent quit.! forests that the mnxim (St. Luke, 'xiv. 7-12), ' When thou art hidden to a feuBt go and Bit duwa iu the Joweet room," Ac., is clearly meant for the guidance of private individuals, and not of pablic representa tives. The point of the passage ia in the 1 1th verae " For whoeobver exnlteth himself bhall be ab.ved " Ac. ' 1 X nm not a Roman Catholic, and am writing now merely in the interests of fairness and candour. To judge Dr Morau's "refusal " honestly one must take into account Dr Koran's position. Accordin" to the Roman view, tho chnrch of which his Grace i3 the lupreme head in Australia is the only church— Catho lic, Apostolic, the Spouse of the Holy Ghost, the Body of Ghiiat. His Grace is tbe official representative of this mystical body ; to his people ho is in tho place of Christ oar Lord, An inBult offered to the Archbishop, therefote, is not offered to the man, but to his Master, The £ resent case ia not a question of precedence between »r Koran and Dr Barry, but between Oitholicismand heresy, truth and error, God and tho devil, The question involved ie, then, very much deeper than your correspondent seems to think. To convince Dr hloran of unchristian prido in this matter, his Grace muEt firet be convinced that he is not the Catholic Bishop of Sydney, hot an intrnder — a merely private person, withoat right or title. But the invitation to tbe banqutt recognises Dr Moron's official character, and takes it tor granted. The proviBO, however, accompanying the invitation denies a fuudamen-.nl principle ot the faith. To have accepted the doubttul coinolimsut would, therefore, have been tantamount to heresy j a refusal was not only consistent, the contrary would have been ludicrous. — Yours, Ao., bydney, May 29. HERBERT SWIRE. 