A WESTERN LANDLORD. A STORT a? MABT HABTITHMI CATHERTTOOB. , ? ? - ? ? >??— —- AtJinon OF " CIUQtTJt 0? BOOM," " OL1) CATHHM5 , BATS," *TC., ASD SCMKnOUS ?15nUM AS* BTOniBS IS WlDB-AWAKB, LIFMSaOTT'S, HAUPBEIi', BIO. A T0CK3 tillage doctor is a young village, doofcor, whether ho oarrle* ? medlcino oa.io in tha ye'ar 1835, or a pair of pill-baga ia 1857. tint fill jouna doctor* me not ft? largo and white and full of vigorous blood as Brother ton woa. Instead of his nsuttl pill-bags, how over, ho held a well-stuffed carpet-saott in hia hand aa tho haok' rumbled with him into Millport. The whole Bnowy country was steeped in moonlight, which throw back a cold, knife-like glitter from tho ioa over Sugar Creek. Tho ahadowo" a llonc-mill fell over the haok a? it joggod ncros3 the bridge, and no light appeared in tho post-office whero tha mail bat; ought to bo delivered. It was aftor 10 o'cloob. Tho vehicle stopped midway of tha one long strcat, at ouea tho county road and Millport's spinal column, and Brotherton alighted with his carpet-bag, exchanging a word with the haok driver. This half-asleep and woather-hardened be ing then bumped ahead over fror.on. mud to tho tavern which appeared to Ho dirootly bugging the north pole, for such timber as inclosed Millport opened there upon bound less white prairio. In those rnilroadlesa days Chicago seemed nearly aB remote as China to the inland Illinoisan. Brotherton jumped n gla?.eil" mud levee and mf/unfen, that unpswod path used by tho vil lagers as n sid-j walk. It led dfreojiy oaross n dni;* more pcroh, npon whioh ho paused, rapping hard at the coor. In time a light appeared, through tho window, showing cinuy jars atil medisino bottles there dimly displayed behind tho fretwork of frost, then a tardy hand UDfo'tenod tho door, a man's voita growling *tll tho time on the other side of it. Brotherton slipped into a druggy 'fitmos photo and shook hands with his red-headed, fat partarjr, who, acting n3 if tranced by sleap, refastaaed the door and took np a tin candle stick covered with stalagmites of nnoient tallow. ?' Lsft your folks well ?" ?'Yea, quite well. Yon didn't expect mo to-nisht, did you ?" " Yos," yawned the partner, " I'va ex pected you every night. We never know when that back will get in any more." " It broke into it slew this side of the Ksd I'ump tavern," aaW Brotherteo, " and 1 thought for a couple of honra we'd have to leave it there nnd ride the homes in," " Yon look like you'd been prying a hack ont of a Blew," observed 'In partner lowering his eandlcstiok toward Brothorton's muddied end frozen ttowsers. " Well, old Vesuvius is red hot." " Blessed be the devil that tends her fires," Baid Brotherton. "Now, Doc, now.," remonstrated tho red headed man, using the Western abbreviation, whioh shears away a physician's dignity. He piloted a track betwixt clustering ohair?, left just as tho town loafers wore wont to leave thorn when breaking np daily and nightly court, to a stove at tho rear of the store. Though mnddy heel marks and the stains of many months showad uneleaneed upon ita cylindor surface, it glowed like a red rose from within, and Brotherton threw off over coat, hat and gloves upon a oonntor and aban doned himself to its heat. In a secluded corner near tha stove appeared the loungo-bad whioh his partner had jus) vacated. A simi lar lair in tho opposite corner invited the dootor'a weary bones after a thirty-mile jolt across tho sweep of prairio wind. " It arguea well for our deconoy that we retain a littlo bit of it when we bnnk abont so liko dogs, don't it Rsish ?" ho observed with a laugh, using a villago diminutive for Horatio which Hamlet in all bis musings never bit upon. " You're Just back from thorn flesh-pots of luxury tha preacher talk3 about," responded the druggist. " You'd turn np your no?e now on oysters cooked in the can and e't ont ot the white mortar." "No, I wouldn't," declared Brotherton, promptly. " So if you've got soma in the digging and want a single bite yourself, put on two cans to simmer." " Now, listen to that for extravagance," observed the partner, taking np tho candle and going forward in tha store. Than ha knooked sawdust from a tin oblong, cut the top open with his pocketknifo, and reached behind tho ipaoao jar for a bundle of crackers. Tho crackers ho brought and spread open for Brotherton to munch at, while tho can of oysters thawed and then began to leak and sputter upon the stove. "Pepper nnd salt and a hunk of batter right np there in the white mortar," ho sug gested. Brotherton himsolf lifted tha white mortar down and blew a littlo dust off its rim. " Don't be so particular," urged Secrist. " I thought it might bo tartar emetfo," ex plained the doctor. " But yon'ro too good a bousokeeper to servo mo that way, Secrist. Just as I coma back, too."- -"Woll, now, Doo., tell tho troth," urged tho fat man, stretching himeclf in a ohair at the other aide of the stove and glimmering at his friend through half shut eyos. " When you coma back from civil-i-zation to a god forsaken plaao liko this, don't yon think you're making a fool of yourself?" " No, I don't," rejoined Brotherton. He was sitting on tho counter beside his garments, and hia long, strong legs donglod well toward tho floor. "This is experience I liko experience, and I don't liko hanging by tho eyelids. A man can be hardening himself hero while ha would collapse to nothing waiting for praotico in a oity. It ia'nt such a god-forsaken place, either." "A row down nt Peg-leg's whisky shop every Saturday night. Mud and slush np to your eyes in winter. Ague all fall." " That anits me," said Brotherton. Secrist sneered on: "Preaohing only onco a month in the Bchool-housa at early candle- lighting." " There isn't a Christian in town that bears that privation better than' you do," laughed tho dootor. " O, I ain't saying tho ruflianly gang in this neighborhood isn't good enough for nis," ohuoklcd the druggist. " I'm only wondering how a fellow of your stamp can stand it." " What's happened now?" " Nothing," replied tha druggist hriedy, as he went to a fronf counter and got a pieca of wrapping paper for the purpose of lifting tho hot can. " Hero; hold your bowl." "Won't you havo aomo yourself, lUish? ?Ihe old tumbler will hold them if you give it a steam hath first." " No, I'd rather have noma sleep." ' "You're not going to bunk down without telling me all tho news ? " "No," said tho fat man, Blchvly. "What news could we scaro up, do you . reckon, though, in tho two weeks you've been gono?" "Bnt you woto gnashing about mOianly gangs. There haven't beon any horee thieves through?" Secriat uttered ft negative grunt, Bitting on the side of hie couch. "I waa only thinking ef old Hiram Dixon." " No one has killed him ?" " No, responded Sccriet, with a dissatisfied snuffle. " I know it's yonr cilent, ceaseless petition that ecniobody will kill him," chuckled the doctor, dipping dp his oyeter? from the white mortar with a brekon-handled pewter spoon. " Raisby, thoso are a comfort fn adversity. You better have eorae." " Eveiybody aays ho killed a man onca<" continued Sicrist, leaning forward end rest ing his arms on his knees. " Baby Slirling'u hneband and him went north together, and Stirling never waa seen alive afterwards." " Yea, I've heard you tell that atory a dczon tiroes," said Btothorion, applying hloitolf to hla BOira with the zsst of an hsngry man. " Bat ttuby doesn't believe it. Stirling's body was found wbolo and untampered with at a hotol. Heart disease, congeation, a man's miause of himself that fool* don't know how to describe with a name. And if you men gnspeoted Dixon why didn't you haul him up before the courts and investigate ?" " It was talked of,"roplied Seoriafc, despond ently. "But he had his explastitione ready. Old man Dixon is emart." " Iluby's well, is she ?" Aβ Brotherton made this inquiry he tbraw a quick side glanc.j at his partner. " I thought I heard somebody knock," Gaid the druggist, turning his head in his palms and listening. The firo whispered. Without the frosty wind swept over village and wood and lost it self in the vastnc?S of the preirio. There was a sudden cqucal and scampering in the wall bihind Brotherton. "It'e nothing but that old rat," eaid. he. " You'll let that old rat live to see hia child ren's ouildron to the last generation, befcro you'll give him a bntton." " I wish give mc a button that'd tpako mo sleep to-night," exclaimed the drug gist. " I ain'6 shut ray eyes einoe duck." " Tcra wero so drowsy you could hardly open the door," declared tue doctor. " I wae pretendin* to be easy on you. like," explained his partner, painfully. " Joreme, there has eomething happened einco yon went away." " Wuat? "exolaimod?rotherton,feoling hia temples expand with largo pulse beats. "It isn't anything about old Hiram Dixoa—or Buby 1" " was yon in downright earnest sboat her, Jerome ? " "I intend to marry hor, that's all," an swered the dootor, antagonism coming to the front in his face. . " Dec, Raby'e dead." " She isn't!" exclaimed Brotherton, leap ing up. "Doo., she's dead." Automatically Biothcrton rubbed his finger through the rings which his sonp bowl made upon the counter. Ruby's cielioato aquiline face, flaahod the color of a blush roso, (Wed hi 3 vision. He did not believo is v?as now clay white; that her innocent mputh was set in death. Ho did not upbraid his partner for suppressing the news. Th.3re were ho means by which S?cri6t could hftvo, reached him more quickly unless ho had driven ont to meet tho hack. Sectist's voice, proceeding in recital, grew in volume upon his ear. " Blame old Hi Dixon'a picture' Ho would have put her in the gronnd twelve hours after if it hadn't bean for her Aant Ruby Ann and tha neighbors." Brothorton grated hia nails against the wooden counter. " When did she dio ?" " A Friday morning five days ego. I said you ought to of been here ell along," pro nounced Secriet impressively, gazing with commiseration at the pallid young man. " Thoy say it waa like this: She was playing with little Nato and tossing up a ball. When tho ball went into the air ehe was alivo and wull, and when it touched the floor she wee a dead woman. Doo, the color didn't go out of her cheeks and she stayed warm. Thoy put hor between feather bedp, and all tho other doctors in town tried their best to bring her to, but it wasn'S no use. I don't bsliove they knew what it was." " She hasn't been ? " demanded Broth erton quiokly, coming forward and setting his foot on the pedestal of tho etave. The boot leather smoked, and he watched it as if hie hopes wero exhaling in the smoke. " No, not yet. Bat old Hiram Dixon says he won't keep her any longer than early to morrow forenoon. Ho say's ho kept hor longer now than anybody ever was kept in Millport." " Hβ won't have a funeral while there's the slightest doubt." "No, ho won't hayo any more funeral than he can help. He'll jaet pop her in the ground and bo dope with iK He's helping dig the grave to-night to sarp expense, and a nice easy job they have of it the way tho ground's froze. TII2 women say ho got tho oheapoat coffin that could bo bought," continued Seorist, dropping his facts liko pebbles into Brother ton's boiling mind. "Ruby's boy will come into his hands now. And by the time that boy is 21 years old, if Hiram Dixon hasn't the rest of Stirling's property besides what disappeared when Stirling died, then I ain't acquainted with Hiram Dison. It's most all in land, and e"asy to trustee out of the hands of. a minor hair. I'll go up with you, Doc." " No, you g<s to bed and sleep," replied tha doator, who having mufiled hinieelf, was changing medioines in his pill bags for others on the shelves. "I'll go up with you," said the fat man, bringing forth his own garments. " You'll have a tussle with old Hiram. II he's dug her grave and she isn't dead he'll bary he{-any how." The wind blew out of the north liko mobile and invisible ice. Secriet tied his red woollen comforter - in another knot under his ohm. Before some houses lay a narrow, frosty board as oauseway, and aorose thia they walked singly to avoid the rough, froaen mud. A hut of logs, opening by a iateh-string, and a weather- boarded domicile, with the door Bt the rear, wero c!o30 neighbours. There were two or thrco brick houses of some protensions, inolosed by palings, and a barred and silent general store, whioh in daylight divided patronage with ono at the other end of tha village. On rising ground stood the tavern; a halting placa whoro tho traveller might brace himself for the bleak rido northward. How many a outtiug day had Brotherton taken to th&t; narrow road in his jumper, his horee breasting au unstirred ocean of snow. Then, however, ha carried cosy, warm thoughts within hia wrapa and furs, whioh kept him exhilaratod. Tonight the north iroad was tho bleake3t track ho had over Ecan. Wanderers on tho prairio would be sure to perish; or, should they eaaaue, what comfort could they find in tomorrow, anyhow? Opposite the tavern, aoroes a small ravine, nnd upon a hill steod the largest houeo in tho town. A road enrved around it and crawled down into the dark woods. It was, however, tho meanestlookiug house in tho town, its size only emphasizing its dilapidation. Tbo hoar frost tried vainly to ornament with sil ver plating ocrtain anoiout garments bulcing through broken panes, the crazy asho rattled and loose, unplantcd weather-boarding clapped respoueivoly. * * Swrist Rid tho doctor, waiting tot admis eion before steps on whioh they date not stand both at ones, heard tha wind howling tlirough {his hollow manaion as if its vaoant j chambers were built only for that purpose. Brotherton's obief wish had been to take Raby out of this place into a home of his own making. She was etill so much a little girl that he never ronlized her widowhood sn her maturity. Her child seemed a yonng brother whom he would adopt for love of her. It forever paazled him that a creature like Raby, naturally refined rfnd fllive to evory thing beautiful, should be oaat in he* lot and bound to the psople who held her. The heredity whioh gave dark-eyed daughters with childish hands and foet and living bouls. to Mre. Dixon'fl like could not be Recounted for b7 medioal eeience. Mra. Dixon was etill afoot and let £he yonng men into her unfurnished hall. Naked etair-steps and count banniatcra, against which their ehadowa were thrown by the moon, oeetned to weloomo them aa congenial ghosts. One diseoureged oandle burned in the square room where most of tha lining was done, and whore dying was to bo consum mated ; for there in ihe corner utocd the marble-liko oblong of sheets stretched over the tops of ohairs, concealing what was held beneath them upon the cooling board. Near by, ateo upheld by two chairs, waited ft black coffin, balging near fcbo head, but narrowing towards the foot. A strong shudder darted through the dootor at this night, which must have been so common to him. Two other women were watching with Ruby. Ona of them, the landlady of tho tavern, camo forward to niest hor t*vo boarders, and ehook hands with the doctor. She vras capable Rsd portly, and talked in a boarsa whisper. Being the dead girl's Aunt llnby Ann, she was thsro to oommand. Mrs. Dixon eat down m a remote corner with her sun-bonnet over her eyes. Sho Tag a very thin creature, having calioo garments j which hung upaa her. The contemporary world seldom caught her features on account oi this immovable snnbonnet, and it was be j lieved she would die without naving ever fnlly shown her face. She wfta not deaf, yet whin sha made oae of her scant ramarke ahe RhouSed it, and people shouted to her in re turn. The major part of her time was evidently spent in meditation, and Having Hiram Dixon tor her second husband was deemed a sufficient excuse for ihis. Aunt Ro'ey Ann put a spliat- boUoiffGd chair and tho cnorecker before a aooted end I cave-?bo fireplace where some green sticks wore weeping upon rusty firo-dog?. The dootor set kts pill-bsgs and hat upon the splint-botto;ned chair, and the-landlady j understanding him, took up the candle. During tfieir csnference her voice- never I rose above the hoarsa wbispsr proper to the occasion. "Did yon git word ?" ehe inquired. " Kot until Sccriet told mo, after I got out of the hack." j " I am glad you're on hand, for he's r'axrn' ! oround to bury her whether or no." She cast a look of contempt at her sister who could keep a husband in no better snbjeatfon than j Hiram Dixon was kept. " I give her up, and ] then sgin , I go and try once more with feathers under her nose and a looking glass I held to her moulh. I can mighty near eca a dimness on the glass, and yet I ain't sure of th&t;, neither." Seeing thai Brothsrton did not lift the cor ner of the shaet-oarcophagiis, Aunt Ruby Ann raised it herself, exposing little Ruby by the yellow toague of the candlo. Shrouds , were I just passing out of use thon, bo Ruby was clad in her best' dress of thin, black silk, tho sleeves flowing away from her elbowa and leaving her arms proteoted by muslin nnder sleevcs. A broad collar of needlework was turned down well towards her shoulders and fastened at her throat by a mighty brown and white cameo pin. Her delicate face wa,3 not yok pinched or sunken, its unusual whiteness seeming merely to deepen the darkness of her hair. The minute blue tracery of her eyelid veine and tho network on her temples caught the gaze of one who studied her. A suggestion of colour like auroral light ap peared upon her lips and ohookg. " She looks nat'ral, don't aho, Doe?" whis pered the landlady with empbatio hoarse ness. " Yes,", replied Brotherton, getting down upon his knees end applying hia ear to her chsst and hoar " She didn't say which nor t'other, but down ehe tumbled," shouted Mrs. Dixon from ; her corner, turning the mouth of her sun bonnet upward from a tranco of meditation, and having discharged this conversational ball she again lowered its muzzle. Brotherton and the landlady held a can ferenco which ended in much trampling on the naked floor end some shifting of (ho mean furniture, at which his partner and the neighbour assisted. Mre. Dixon sat silent, and saw her daughter's body traniforred to a table, with a pail of water beside it, and the dostox'a morocco cisc of instruments gUtter ing beneath tho feeble oandlo light. Socriet poked tha firs and fcept his face strictly chhnneyward. At the tablo long pauses alternated with whispers and changes of position. Water occasionally dripped on the floor. Mrs. Dixon could behold Brotherton's haggard ex prcsiion, and tho quick gesture with which the back of his hand rubbed moisture from his forehoad. " Throa doctors has give her up," she shouted, and agiiu dropped her eunbonnet mouth, leaving the fact to hit its mark. Thorn was a clock sorewed to the wall, with pineapple shaped weights hanging by ohains. It had the piteous air of dragging ite own viacara, and waa altogether such an incom plete clock as tho master of such a house might desiro; but Us iron hands kept pace with time, and they iudicated that Brother ton had been experimenting more than an hour when the pat of naked feet bacame irregularly dietinct on the naked stairs, and the sittiog-room door was thrown open so wide as to bump against Mr. Dixoa's knees. " What did you (;it up for, Nate ?" whis pered the landlady, maeting him and lifting him to siton the carve of hor arm. The child was in a linsey dress, under whioh scant drap ing ho cuddled his legs, while ho searched the ! group around the table with large, dark eyes aud began to whiruper. " Hor and Nate was tocsin , tha ball togothor and singin' Lord Lovol," shouted Mrs. Dixon. Sha beut her sunbonneted head onco more ; and sat motionless, aa if waiting to ba re loaded. Tho landlady turned her face from tho table and carried him around to tho dootor. "How do you do, Nato? said Brotherton, taking one of his ague-tiuted claws and kiss -ing it. "I want my maw, wept out Nate, puttinc up his trembling under- lip. "Cell her," said Brotkerton, taking the child upon his own arm. " Maw, O, maw 1" caliod Nate, " 0, I'm afraid upataira nlono. Make her wake, Docker B utterton I", Tho young man moved one one of Ruby's arms. ? " If you can't rouse her, Nate, she's beyond tha reach of love and despair. Call hor again." "Doc, Doc!" remonstrated the landlady. -rJ! oa aot hira t0 takh ?" en we never will git him peaoefiod again." r n r n An^ oa \ o£ .uf r , bo3otn B cowa Xi > Md rose, and out of hla'n grew a briar," ahoutefi ilro. Dison. Her knees being agafn threatenotl by tho oprtiing door, die drew hcrstlf togelhee aa if oollapjsi?g. It was en old maa whe came ia, Ho fiagd tho glare to bluo gogglea upon the isHe. llik iron grey hair met with iron-grey bc&rd-Hpon; his ohe<:k-bo,ne? and formed a sfeoggy eur&ain; ror.ching hia shoulders. Aa ifonn, rain end many esaaons' wear had not done their worst for his ancient and ill-favouised olothing, he was freshly glazed with frozen innd stain*, sud his dark pawa were yellowest by qlkj quite to the frayafl eotrt sleeve. Shutting the door so that a responsive shudder ran through the whole house, ho demanded at once: "Who's ameddlin' with that corpse?" "Tho State of replied Seoftisi from tho fireplace. " The State ol Illinois can get ont el my houso then," said the old man, pegging hi* hoary shag. " I don't keep a medieai ooiiege," " Hiram Diion," ?poke oat the landlady, " ain't 70a willin' every means ehouW be tried to see it life'a left in Bnby V . "I am," said the druggist, "andl'm the constable." " You can't buiy her to-monow, Mr Dixon," said Brotherton. '? I am not ready to prt nounce hex dsad." " I'll bury her tc~mowow as ssrre aa the sun rises," said old Hiram Dixon. " And I knovrad you couldn't tall a dead woman from a live one." He catuff forward in his usual ssteoped and stiffened posture, aud Naie, with oho arm around the doctor's neck, wntehed him leal felly. " I'll bury her to-morrow, and I'll fasten her up in hor coffin now, to keop meddlers ont. And I'll eet on it iho rest of the timo, Jf nv thing else'll dc." " Hiram Dixon, are 70a posserjed?" ?ried out Iluby'fl aunt. " Let Mas alone/ Baid the doctor, whitening through his lips, " on]y eso that she's movoa decqntly." . ' , " Keep your dirty, clayey hands off, ; then," dictated £ha landlady, " and lot Seekers and Doo. Smith's wife and mc put her in." " They grew and they grew to tlie cburch steeple top, anil there i&y; couldn't get no higher," ehouted Sirs. Dison, niaiiny her iiuotation at the ceiHnjj over the heads oi her diEcordant inmates. Whatever emotion eh? felt at seeing her body placed ia its lost receptacle was coacealecJ within the muzzle of the eunbomiei; e&& mado no ex plosive eacaye. "Now: I hope you're EatisScd," said Aimt Uuby Ana to tho old aiau, beginning to wcop and vsTring her note between her thumb and one finger, when the last crackling fold of Ruby'a drspery was laid straight. "If they've all, even to Doo. Brothorton, give her ?.? up, I 6'poee I'll have to." , . "I'll be eatisfied when-tno screwa is druv to place," replied Hiram Dison, iitting the lid with such colloU3 exactness that she felt herself impellai to add with biting censure:' ." I beliovo you'd like to havoNata in there, too," '; Th 9 oldman looked up, and hia spectaeies in the dim light seemed to flame like wolf ? ejes. Ha was oxesperated to a point beyond" his endurance, and Xate'a linsey dress wse within oasy reaob. One of tho boy's bare feet ?.: clonched a round of the chair which supported Eaby'a head, as ho lifted himself up to look down at her. . "I'll put him in," said aid Hirani, grabbing tho boy, and instantly tho shingles on the ; roof seemed rent by Nate's obriek to his mother. Some mufiled souod mingled with - the noise he mads, and the doctor being first to reach him was tho first to see Kuby'a open ; eyes. Ho was holding iier child under ono of hie arms and lifting her head with the other, when Mrs. Dixon fired_ off the r.onelusion of"-- -that doggeral ballad with which hor mind has been so heavily charged by Baby's lasi rope- . tition of it: ? "And there they entwined in a true lover'e knot for all true lovers to sdmiro, 'mire, 'mire; foe all true lovers to admire." Tradition* ot Kuby Stirling's tranca still linger about Millpprt. Yea may yet hear how she tried to movo, but could not; how Brotherton let Hiram Diion do his worst in, order to test tha effect of a shock, and how he took her away after their marriage, keeping Hirr.ra Dison utterly remote from herself aad . her Eon thenceforward. Ahigh school building,to-day oceupios.the hill whero the old hcuee Dtood, and Eaby'B unpleasaut stepfather has lain for years frost looked and grase-bsund, in the outgrows gravo-yard, hio wife—presumably with her sun bonnet over her eyes—bosid'e him. The : railroad and telephone connect Millport with ; all the world, and the town can hardly be-., lievo 6uoh talcs told of its early youth. ; 