" FIGARO'S AT HOME. Oh! lie hath, drawn my picture in his letter! —Love's Labor Lost. , Readers are invited to forward early in telligence of fashionable or social festivities, if possible, accompanied by full descriptions of toilettes worn by ladies. Portraits of ladies accompanied by names and addresses will also be acceptable for reproduction. Those not considered suitable will be im- mediately returned. Strictest confidence. Address, Social Editress, "Figaro" Office , So we were wed,; the honeymoon Was really gone—and not too soon! Though evidence we tried to smother, We both were weary of each other. The sweet dream vanished on the rim. Of matrimony's duller sea; Where was the good I saw in him ? Where was the charm he saw in me ? Thus thinking, by a gum-tree gnarly, I risked at once to question Charley; Who, contemplating-deep his boots, Was seated on the gum-tree's roots. " Oh Charley, tell, what have you seen In me, as thus your wife to grace ? It couldn't be my queenly mien, I'm sure it's not my pretty face !" The answer came - "Your mien, my dear, Is awkward, and your beauty," —Here He gave a most expressive shrug, Which strained our love another tug. ' Then, sir,' I said, with scornful pug, By what in me do you set store?. If mien and beautv are so" - (shrug) - Pray, sir, what did you Wed me for ? " The wretch he wreathed a biting smile, And pondered pensively the while, At last he said, with sidelong snigger, My dear, I wed you for your figure." " My figure, sir, that you're reviling, Is squat, as ev'ry one allows; and"— " But,' then," he interrupted smiling, "The figure, dear, was 30,000!" There was a very large attendance at the third of the Private Assembly Balls, Held in the Academy of Music, on Friday evening the 31st inst. His Excel lency the Governor and .Lady Musgrave were present, ! accompanied by Lieutenants Prichard and Cholmon , doley. The arrangements were, as heretofore, all that could he defeired. Baumann providing the re freshments, and Bosenstengle this music. Lady Masgrave, who appears to have quite recovered from her recent indisposition, was attired in a handsome trained dress of pink ottoman brocade, the front of the skirt covered with very fine blond lace. Mrs. «T. V. Hellicar, looked very handsome, and were it not infringing the rules to make a married woman the belle, that honor might with justice be bestowed on her. She wore a beautiful dress ofIvory white satin; the back of the ekirt arranged in pleated folds and the front embroidered with email gold butterflies, and crossed by several loose bands of gold-coloured ribbon fastened at one side with a bouquet of gold flowers and leaves) low bodice of white satin trimmed with gold fringe. Another handsome dress, was that worn with so much grace, by Mra< T« de Murry-Prior, it was oratoge-coloured satin with side panels of orange and black brocade, draped back and tablier of black chantilly lace, and low bodice covered with the same, and trimmed with bows of orange satin. Miss Keane's dress of cardinal satin, draped with coffee lace was much admired, and also Mrs. Dr. Power's grenat satin, arranged in long pointed; panels over cream lace. Mrs. Perkins, wore a costume of black lace, with no colouring of any sorti Miss Perkins, looked remarkably well in. white satin, with bertba and waterfall back of chenille tulle in a beautiful shade of Autumn-brown, a scarf of the same was passed round the top of the skirt just below the waiist. and fastened loosely in front. Mrs. G. Baff appeared to much advantage in daffodil ottoman brocade, the front of the skirt flounced with white lace. Miss Molle was as pretty as usual, in white with crimson roses. Mrs. Barron, wore black, with a garland of coloured roses, across the front yoi the skirt. Miss L. Blakeney, blue satin and net, with white lace front, in which she looked sufficiently charming. Miss Sutton, looked very pretty in a costume of pale-green tarletan. Miss Forrest, was very tastefully attired in heliotrope satin, with long flows of deep violet-satin ribbons, and a garland of voilets on the corsage, but she did not look up to her usual form, and lacked her wanted vivacity. Mrs. Lyons, looked well in black pompon net,1 with low bodice of black satin; a young lidy *hom she chaperoned, Miss Morehousfe* was much admired, she wore asoft; white net costume and black velvet armlets, a very pleasing addition to a pretty arm. A noticeable and very elegant costume, was that worn by Miss it was composed' of cream cashmere and a striped material, blue, pink, and gtey, that looked like silk barege ; the skirt was of cashmere with wide strips of the barege fastened at the edge of the skirt, with bows of blue ribbon, low bodice and prettily draped back of barege> and a blue satin waist. Miss ——, ficelle lace over old gold satin, and bodice of old gold satin, with some deep grenat velvet leaves on one shoulder, looked very nice indeed; and Miss Fitzgerald's white lace, over eau-de-nil silk was equally attractive. Miss Brady (Melbourne) made a pretty appearance in a costume of blue pompon net. Miss King was very becomingly attired in pink tulle with V shaped front of ficelle lace and waterfall back, slashed with broad satin ribbon of a rose- pink hue, large bouquets of pink flowe&a; on skirt and corsage. Miss Drury, looked neat ftttd 'pretty, in a costume of some soft black material. Miss Hart, Alice-street, as graceful as usual, in a pretty white dress.; The Misses F. and; E. Hart, were becomingly costumed in pink, and white respectively. Miss Dickson wore a pretty soft looking costume of eau-de-nii net with pink roses. Mrs. G. Wilson, a black lace dress almost covered with jet. Miss P. Austin, looked well in white, with a garland of ivy lace round the low bodice; and Miss Markwell, was much admired in pink satin covered with pink tulle. Conspicuous among the many beautiful floral em blems, on the coffin of the lamented Willie Isles, "Don't sit. ad near the window,' darling/1' said a spoony yonng bridegroom to his bride on.their wedding tour; " let tts try to keep the carriage all to ourselves. Some fellow is sore to get in if he sees your pretty face." The same speaker, thirty years later" More tip to the window, old woman, so that we may have the carnage to ourselves j you will frighten all the other passengers away. you know/' was a wreath of violets and white tea roses, with a large knot of navy-blue satin in the centre, on which appeared in golden letters, the monogram B.B.C. This was a last tribute of esteem, sent by the mem bers of the Brisbane Bicycling Club. The wreath, which was most artistically designed, was prepared at Spilsbury's. Another beautiful work of floral art, in which the letters I.H.S., were formed in violets and roses, was sent to Mrs. Isles by Mrs. Spilsbury. [This paragraph was unavoidably crashed oat last week.] Oh! Hughenden, Hughenden, Boasting and stewin' den, Famed metallurgical, mineral downs' ville; What preacher can teach her Her newest male creature, Mister Moustachios, hailing from Townsville. Oyez ! That is the latest social sensation in demora lized Hughenden—A Townsville gallant, with 4 inches of stiff moustache spiking out on each side of his upper lip. But the Hughenden girls don't seem to " catch on "—to the moustache. They are getting so aspiring now-a-days, and there have been one or two successes in the matrimonial line recently, that the average Hughenden girl tiptilts her transparent nose, and curls her shorthorn lip, at "anything under a squatter, my dear "^except, of. course, the horse that's under him when he's riding; that aiiimal has endearing epitbetashdwered upon it, and fair hands are only too willing to unbuckle the saddle-girths. Hughenden gitls are " oil tfaeiinproveV' evidently. jfc Was a resolution,smatt bat decided. Tjhe tide of advancing Radicalism did It. li was avolcanic upheaval of the Democracy, and it's very dear, .that the Aristocracy has got to u What'sallthis ■introduction about? ; About Marybprough. About a Maryborough Quadrille, Assembly.' About a.mo^est Assembly. A '• modest" Assembly ? Ties. Inmore ways than one. The Assembly I speak «f ,is only upon a modest rung of the social ladder; and; its modesty still further shines by its fair sex not "inn .bosoming " itself too €t deeply" in its ball attire. Now, then, to tell you all-about it., As there was one serpent even in Eden, so there g tail "—one aristocratic, horsey man-7-mixed up with the humble Assembly of which I speak. Likewise there was one particular Eve, to see whom, came,that Silvertail, freshly bespangled with the latent blend of perfumes known as eau de I'ecurie. Ev.e happened to be the daughter of Madame JDedanse, so to speak. It was Madame who condescended to teach (for a con sideration) the lowly and modest Assembly aforesaid; it is this democratic Assembly that has defiantly j rebelled against the aristocratic pleasure of Madame. It arose thus. Silvertail can only valse ; therefore, Eve adores valsing. There is ho mistaking Silver tail's style and it is no wonder he loveB valsing. I* is a pleasure to observe him doing it— , Spinning to piano's strumming, " Here's my legs; my head's a-cumming!" In the face of such 'twere false If we said we loved not valse. Well, at the last Assembly, when the M.C. sang, oat to the dancers to take their places for a schottische, Siveitail in gorgeous evening costume, consisting of tight corduroys and a greasy tweed coat, waited upon Madame Dedanse, and said —"I can't shottis, make this un a worltz, will yer, ter 'blige me?" And Madame did. Then came the revolution.; M.C., who iB only a common printer, dared to pack up his. traps and skedaddle; while the reBt of the rebellious plebeians sat the dance out, leaving only Silvertail and a pupil to do the valsing. Aiid, after the dance, the vulgar democrats had the impudence to depart from the Assembly altogether, leaving only tour couples behind—Silvertail and Ma'am'selle Dedanse; Silvertail's pupil aiid the latter's partner; and two deaf dumb and blind (to all outsiders) couples, were so busy spooning that they were: in oblivion as to anything else about them. Now, Madame Dedanse avows that she will never—no, nevah!- start another Assembly for " those low shop people." V 1 A doleful Church of England clergyman in a Bris bane parish is known, amongst the more reverent portion of his congregation, as " Jeremiah "-7-dn ac count Of the despondent views he takes of tilings in general. The irreverent lambs of his flbck Bpeak of him as " Dismal Jemmy." A house-warming ball was held at Canibofgya, on July 27tb, being given by Lovell, in celebration of the opening of his new Hotel in that township. About forty couples constituted the guests, and • with a break at midnight for supper—was energe tically prosecuted -till nearly daylight next morning. The supper was all that could be desired, and was an eloquent testimonial to the abilities of the hostess in the catering line. Some tasteful dresses were seen. One coBtume of old-gold nunVveiling,trimmed with old-gold satin, was the theme of universal admira tion. A pink satin looked charming, while a flowered muslin of the same hue was very neat and effective. A little fairy in white and pink was a prettily con spicuous element at the ball, which proved a very enjoyable affair to all those who took part in it. Continued on next page. Figaro's At Home. (Continued from previous page.) On Monday evening the Academy of music was • the scene of a very brilliant B6cial event, yizM :a concert and. ball, given to celebrate the inauguralKin of the General Gordon _::ibundr<^; ladies and gentlatnen were present, including The Hon. A.: C. Gregory, . Districfc ^rand Master, of Queensland, Ehglisb ' Constitut Bro; B. L. Barnett, Deputy District Grand Hastier; Bro. F. Gregory, District Grand Treasurer; Bro. T. TJntriack, Provincial Grand. Master, Irish Con stitution ;J '■ Bro. E. M'Donnell, Peputy Grand Master, lush Constitution; Bro. T. Milne, the Dfeiputy District Grand, Scottish Constitution; Bro. J. H. Uaniells, the newly installed Master of the General Gordon Lodge, and inahy others tQO numerous to mention. The concert, which commenced shortly before 8.30, shared the fate> of most promenade concerts,-with the extra drawback that a ball was on the cards, and gentlemen anxious to secure partners; thus a continual chatter was kept up and a really* good performance wasted on desert air. The ball opened about 9.30 with a quadrille, 'Jed by Bros.; F. Gregory, B L. Barnett, E. M'Donneil, E. Deigh ton,and T. Unmack. l^he regalia of many of the Brethren was viery handsome, particularly that of Bros. Milne and E. M'Donnell, the latter gentleman wearing the Paymasters' glittering jewel, Mark Master's jewel, Maltese Cross, Jewel of the Royal Arch Templar, Passion Cross of the Knights Templar, Jewel of the Deputy Grand Provincial Grand Lodge, Irish Constitution, and several others. Bro. A. F. Luya, wore the Regalia of a Prince Mason and white cloak of a Knight of St. John. The scene on the stage when the guests were grouped about the refresh ment tables was a particularly brilliant one, and viewed from the gallery, where a few privileged j visitors were seated, elicited much admiration. At I midnight the Masonic quadrille came off, and dancing j continued with unflagging energy until about four ! in the morning. One of the features of the evening was ain old man with long white beard, and stopping gaiti arrayed in a tattered grey cloak,having a black j crbss on one shoulder, who entered the Hall and ] walked slowly round leaning on a staff. This was understood to be representative of a lay pilgrim j travelling from Joppa to Jerusalem under the j protection of the Knights Templar. The ladies were, j inmost cases, very prettily costumed, but on this j occasion they had to contend with the effective j regalia of the gentlemen, who for once had on opportunity of appearing in cream and cardinal, blue and gold, &c.;, &c;„ and were consequently the centre of attraction. Miss Reeves, Miss; King, and Miss Cooper,/divided the honors as belle of the evening. Miss Beeves was prettily costumed in pink cashmere, over 9> skirt' of cream silk and lace. Miss King, wore a charming white costume, Brussells net with low bodice dotted with blue forget-nie-nots, stirt with waterfall back, trimmed with several rows of white satin ribbon, and the front flounced to the waist with narrow flounces, edged with satin ribbon. Miss Cooper, a handsome dress of pink silk, the front draped with white lace and berthe of the same on the low bodice. Miss Luya looked remarkably well, wearing a skirt of cardinal net, with "tunic and low bodice of black grenadine, trimmed with ficelle lace and berthe of crimson net on. the bodice. Miss. J. Luya also looked well in white lace over cardinal satin. Miss TJnmack was charming, she wore a black dress with bodice cut square at the neck, and short sleeves. The Misses Dean were very prettily attired in white lice over blue, and draperies of pale blue net. Mrs. Shirley was effectively attired in cardinal satin, trimmed with cream lace. Miss M'Donnell looked well in white Indian muslin flounced to the waist, high bodice with short -sleeves. Miss Petrie wore blue nun's-veiling, tyimmed witli white. Mrs. Lewis was attired in black lace, over heliotrope silk. A very handsome dress was composed of crimson velvet, with train of blue satin, a:nd draped panniers of the same, the bodice high to the throat, was trimmed with pale-blue crystal, and the crimson velvet skirt finished with deep Langtry ruche. An other dress equally handsome, had a petticoat of , - deep grenat; velvet, with- Langtry ruche of pink satin>andwhite lace, bodice and train of pink satin, ; Otie bodice iaceddown the front, over a vest of white tulle, «reani «atini with square court train,fastened at :^oxie <side^mth a, great bunch of crimson flowers, and the same on the corsage, was much admired. And a .black net cp$tume, Twithspmk;. ribbons, elbow sleeves^pin£ ^tj-and piij&;;S£$m : very; effectnreu epyered ^ith wnjte i lace, and .kaving; large bows of pink/ satin ribbon, and a very; prettysheilpink jB&tin;,, witji pin& pompon tulle, were most, effective and beconiing. Bauman did the catering witb/&is; usual success., Bro. H. Stannix was Hon. Secretary. and gave general satis faetion. : i m;-:: -J,: v:.r.v Dance at Moray Bank, New Farm, on Eridajr, evening, fth inst. . m.-v South Brisbane Benedicts' Ball* on Friday, the. 14th^sfc.-'L-. --t;u ' Grand Masonic Ball on the 23rd inst. Mo pains will be spared to make this a huge success. • A delightful dance was given at that hospitable mansion, Newstead, on the evening of the 30th inst. Mr. J. E.; Harris having attaiiied his majority on that date. The spacious verandahs were enclosed with flags, and lit with handsome Chinese lanterns, and dancing, principally the mazy waltz, was kept up with much spirit until one in the morning. Capital music, and delicious . supper,- everything passing off most enjoyably. The charming hostess wore a handsome -creiani : dress, covered with cream lace, with raised flowers. Miss Evelyn Harris was becomingly costumed in black, indeed, black dresses were unusually plentiful. Miss Perkins wore black. Miss A M4 Donald Was very attractive in black. Miss Woolhouse looked extremely well in the same. The Misses Heaths wore black, and also Miss Bourci eault, with the iaddition of some pale-pink feathers. 'Mr*. Con Taylor looted very sweet in an ethereal eostume of white tulle, Mrs. Donald Wallace made ! a charming picture in moss- green velvet, with long court train, and white satin petticoat. Mrs. R. Wilson, wearing black satin covered with Brussels net, looked very handsome. Mrs. Cotterill wore cream satin with coral pink Feathers. Miss JBurdoff made a pretty appearance in pale-blue silk: Mrs; McCallum also wore blue and was much admired. Miss Ellesfcon appeared to advantage in white, and so did Miss L. Blakeney. : Miss Blakenev looked wall in a pretty pink idress.. Miss Drury was charm ing in a ssoft white ;costume, and Miss Markwell, very attractive in black with crimson flowers. In the account of the party given by His Worship the-Mayor, Mr.iF. Grimley should have been put down as 1st Lieutenant old East India Company of 1854. • v':a. Once again the dress circle a,t the Soyal presents an attractive appearance, and the inerry peals of laughter at the " Pun on the Bristol" does one good to hear. Sheridan's get up as the Widow 0'Brian or O'Bree-on (as' %s Noras&ys;) is excellent, and many of our matrons might copy .the style with advantage. In the 1st. act the widow's costume of cardinal and cream sating with semi tight jacket of cream Spanish lace is really very handsome. The, following was inadvertently omitted from description of' dresses worn at tKe Jewish Bachelors Ball. Miss S. Collins ve% pretty costume of black satin, with tunic of black Spanish lace, looped with white roses and maiden hair ferns, low bodice trimmed with jet. A grand entertainment and ball were held at Pine Hill, on July 20th, in aid of the Pine Hill and Jericho Hospital, or, to speak more properly, in aid of a hospital on the Central Railway line, between the two places mentioned. ; The entertainment was both dramatic and musical.' In " The Bonnie Fishwife," Sexton appears to have immortalised himself as Sir Hickory Rartycheer, with Francis, j unr., as . Wildoats Hariy cheer, and E. C. Taylor as Gaiters. The Pine Hill world was, for the nonce, as the amiable old lunatic in " Nicholas Nickleby'' says, " all gas and Graiteis." Miss, Francis made an inimitable hit in the double character of Miss Thistledown and Maggie Macfarlane, and sing " Caller Herein' " capitally. The next piece the aspiring Pine Hillers essayed was " The Attractive Young Lady/' when Taylor, Elliott, Bobinson and J. Hyland (the latter particularly) dis tinguished theimselves. " Twenty minutes under an Umbrella," brought out Miss Francis as Cousin Kate and her brother as Cousin Frank. Dear lady, now, with all respect, Pray, let me here just interject, If it had been my blissful fate, That you should be my Cousin Kate j " And had it likewise been my rank, • • „ That I should be yjour Cousin Frank ; And, likewise, had we, cam bella, Been stationed'neath the same umbrella; I'd let no drama written win its Short limit, there to 20 minutes; r , -f . V: : :{„••1, wt&ld; nrosC*riUingiy'4i|^ * '" 'Neath that umbrella's Welcome shade, ' The longest drama-e'er was played? I would have stayed there, by the powers! For hours and hours and hours and hours j ~ Ifay^ne'er should disenchantment j,eye&ajT; I would have lingered there :forfev»yi;?i^:j:^g-; And that's ■ my ^opinion &boufc; the iimitatidtf ^lausespf the situation. Afterwards came the^tar^t^ff^ee, shrieking fun was Jas;- Carmody, the State School teacher at Pine Hill^^osfeget^ 'wafe irresistible; 1 l:"1 ; *!£ wbtild maketo wrst a^ienojis frog> '•"To see a staitfcrprim^eSa§6gue,-f/i,';,:?; Whose grave demeanour as a rule, Makes wild lads sober down at school, -• Tricked out in colored stagey packing, And polished with burnt cork arid blacking, Until the staid, scholastic -.figure T Becomes a grinning, blinking nigger. In old and young, see ev'ry lung stirs— Ha! Ha J 'tis too much for the youngsters. Carmody came but as Mr. J. and completely convulsed his audience. The ball was commenced in the Pine Hill Courthouse almostiminediatelyafter the conclusion of the varied entertainmerit referred to above. X Hyland was conspicuous for the leading, part he took in seeing through this interesting part of the night's festivities. .. • Lat me now, while the prose takes a rest, Slip a thought from its rhythmical leash ; Sure tiie item that Hyland danced best Was his favorite -ff Hy-land Schottische." The M.C. was Bloxaom, who exerted himself with amazing success to make every one comfortable, and happy. Dobelle presided at the piano/and gave every satisfaction. The. prominent members of the • Committee were absent, owing to. one cause and another, but the gentlemen present endeavoured, by putting on a f<ew extra frills, to make amends for the loss thus occasioned. Even Jimmy White was all there. Some very pretty dresses were worn by the ladies.: Miss Katie Long, from Jericho, as the only visitor, was accorded the lion's (or should it be the lioness's?) share of attention, and certainly deserved it. She wore -a costume of pale-pink and pale-blue satin, with silver trimmings and jewellery. Bumor has it that several duels at fisticuffs have been fought on this young lady's account, between amorous .and jealous Pine Hill swains. "Oh! Katie Long, oh J Eatie Long, There surely must be something, wrong ; • At Pine Hill stay j why should you go . ; V Back to that awful Jericho ? " « , i Thus JTaWe-wauls a smitten swain, And thus his rival backs his strain,) " Oh! wait with us, at Pine Hill, wait, ; Thou star from Jericho, oh ! Kate; Come listen to my pleading song. Oh! Katie Long, stay with us long." ■ Each song above appears to me v r / A keenly-felt Kate-ass-trophy ! : ^ ; s Miss Kearney was attired in Indian muslin, craatn and cardinal, which combination suited her admirably. Miss Josephine Pyne looked remarkably pretty and fascinating in a plain grey dress without ornaments. Thi jolly face of her sister, Miss Cissy Pyne, %ho was tricked out in elaborata mysteries of the fine arts, shone like a social beacon and did one good to look at. Her programme was ever full, and cavaliers- -; Pressed where they saw her bright face shine amid the mazy Whirl, And many a jealous face was pulled when u t'other " had the girl. T Two ladies from the immortal Shakespeare's, also ex hibited very handsome and dressy toilettes, but my correspondent has given up the bewildering task of attempting to describe the same. Suffice it to say that both the toilettes and the ladies were popular, and were never out of active operations when the music and dancing were going on. Altogether, the entertainment and bail at Pine Hill constituted a grand success. ; In Normanton, where hot the sun is glancing* They 4o not shirk the hottest evening's dancing j - What care they for their heat and perspiration, If they can go as hotly for flirtation ? ; ^ s But they wiVl.press, most madly of them ail, ^ The pleasures of a solid Fancy Ball! Imagine then, each/' light fantastic toe," When that the ball is also Calico. Yea, the gay and festive STormans are getting drawn | into the giddy vortex of Fashion's whirlpool.J And they have a. Chick amongst them who is no chiek. He: secretary tojbhe Normanton 3ehool 6f A!rtl, ^nd he seems to have taken in Hand •1 One of his latest organization of a Calico and FancyDressjaind" this gorgeous festivity came off on .July 7th, The hall.of .the School of Arts was inscriptions, &c.;, And. was illuminated by chaiming Chinese lanr terns.- .About lOO^uests were present, and presented ! to the li^naccustouied J^iorman eye a motley spectacle. The,I)eyii daTiced. with little Red Riding Hood; AjPu^itanC^ with Carmen stood; The C6ll6e^ by a Brigand; j The Evening Star with Jockey in full rig, and Grace Darlings two there mingled with the mazy, At times around with Pasha Arabi Aizi; Besides # lot whose naines would be too long; To ' limits of my song. / Telegraph-master Stewart acted as ;M.C., and saw that aU the gaiests were happy and well partnered. The pianist. ^frjsrlledgelonj*; but the piano was hedge short-or-long, or go-as-you-please. Caterer Morrison gaveevery «atisF^tion. Th<3re was a capital pro supper; was,>nhpunced when exactly halfihedances had been " perpetrated." At supper, Forsyth proposed the healths of Mr. and Mrs. Chick, the toast being- heartily responded to. I hear nothing about the* little chicks, by-the-way. After supper, dancing was vigorously resumed and carried on. till daylijght. The following fancy dresses are noted ■ Bates, ]yir6,, Little Eed Riding Hood ; Binnie, Mrs., Greek Lady; Brown, Mrs., Colleen Bawn; Brown, Mrs. W, C., Grace Darling ;, Ghiclr, Mis., Vivandiere* Cume,.Mrsi,.Belgium ; Doherty, Mrs., Evening Star ; ForeytbyMrs., Glee Maiden ; Leigh, Mrs., Carmen ; Macgroarty, Mrs., Winter; Pearce, Mrs., Brittania; Taylor, Mrs., Blush Rose • Bates, Miss; Grace Darl ing ; Gillies, Miss, .Nancy Lee; Stewart, Miss, MaritanajWallace, Miss, Maritana; Walsh, Miss, Claudine; Weston, Miss Dolly, Mayflower. Anderson, Mr., the Devil; Binnie, Mi\, Torreador ; Brodie,Mr., Sailor ; Brooinfielcl, Mr., Sam Squash; Brown, Mr,, Garibaldian; Brown, Mr. W. C.# Hamlet; Chester, Mr., Ah Sin; Chick, Mr., Sir Peter Teazle ; Doherty, Mr-,Costume of the Future; Dyson, Dr., Pasha Arabi Aisi; Forreste*, Mr., Sailor ; Forsyth, Mr., Claude Melnotte; Hassall, Mr., Cricketer; Haydon, Mr., Father Christmas j Macartney, Mr., Sir Joseph Porter; Marshall, Mr., Brigand j Marwedel, Mr., Puritan Captain; Pearce, Mr., Aunt Chloe j Shanklin, Mr; Freemason i Stewart, Mr., Jockey; Syinons, Mr., Gondolier; Thompson, Mr. Jockey; Thorne, Mr., Claude Duval. "With palpitating heart and trembly, • ? Of copy, here, I toss some slips which Relate to Royal Quadrille Assembly, At ye old ancient town of Ipswich. Oh ! ^ould I chant in cheerful chime's tone, I'd sing the praises of Old Limestone. A ball was: held in Thomas' Albert He. 11, Nicholas stieet, Ipswich, on Jluy 28th, under the auspices of the Royal Quadrille Assembly of that town, and proved to be a very enjoyable gathering. The Hall was decorated for the occasion, the secretary and themselves strenuously to procure flags, ferns, evergreens, &c.; About 30 couples entered with zest into dancing, which was vigourously kept up till 5 o'clock next morning, at which hour, a few of the more enthusiastic declared that they were quite equal to going through a second programme, although the first one, consisting of 27 dances, Was scrupulously executed, item by item, tjapitai dance music was given by <Jurry, Barnes and \Veise, the first- mentioned commanding ■ a violin j while the other two punished the piano forte in artistic style. W'(x. Thbinas, baker, was the caterer, and provided an excellent array of refreshments. My J. Molloy was very efficient in his usual r61e of M.C. There were some very tasteful costumes worn by the lady guests. A young lady from Limestone-street, Ipswich, looked charming in a dress df cardinal. moreen, trimmed with pale-blue of the same, and bodice ornamented with sunlight tinsel. A young lady from "Woodend looked pretty in cardinal plush bodice,; and cream skirt, trimmed with cardinal lace. A charming little lady from Petrie's Bight, Brisbane, was at her brightest in cardinal and cream-color, The dancing of a young lady from .Martin-street excited much admiration ; her dress was a bright tarletan, trimmed with cream lace, silver leavesand spotted net. A young lady from Murphy-street was captivating in a neat dress of pale-blue nuns'-veiling, trimmed with, cardinal ribbon and cream lace. A very pretty young lady, from Iforth Ipswich, looked extremely fascinating' in white. nuns'-veiling,' richly trimmed wiibli white satin. Two sisters from the same: place were also very attractive—one wearing white India muslin, with ^ large tartan sash; tlie other, white figured niuslin, "trimmed with rich embroidery.. A young lady from Ellenborough-street was becomingly attired .in a dress of white India muslin; bodice of cardinal satin, trimmed with" cream lade. A nice little lady from Basin Pocket looked extremely well in eream and pink, and was conspicuous for her graceful dancing, which caused her to be besieged with would-be partners. Two sisters from Ellen borough-street, Ipswich, wore white book-muslin; bodices trimmed with white fur and roses to match. A capital dancer was seen in the person of a young lady from Irishtown, whose neat costunie set off her; figure to advantage. A charming belle from Mary street was stylish in pale-pink nuns'-veiling, draped with wax flowers, and trimmed with pompon net and silver tinsel; heT handsome figure and graceful dancing being theme3 of general - admiring com ment. ■' ,(r ■ Now, whoop, oh! Hooper, all's not hollow That mashing mortals here take part in ; Though'tis not summer, you'd a swallow, At least, you partnered with a Martin. That pinkish tarletan looked well, And was by many thought the belle. Oh ! Brisbane .youth, too, no pretence Impelled thee now to act demurrently; Outspoken so thy preference, jNb wonder what was whispered Curran-tly:: ' You danced with herein new-found heaven, . Just 20 out of 27! Through heart of Flynn-t, young Cupid tunnelled, At least, Terpsichore there spread, man, With tartan of the clan, M'Bonald ; ' And sort of all-round mash in-Stedinan. (I hopeyou estimate the puns, And see just where the humor runs.) Toowoomba beau clean lost" his head, . And lost it, too, without demur, To daughter of a local ped., A close friend of the Kate-rer. For all-roun'd killing there, was nary A masher like the secretary; A bii-Elly-yacht i6 he thus pinched j I'll mention e'er I close my prancing, A Coleman N^e-rly here got Lyneh-ed, , For Hogan stand such graceful dancing ? I can't make much of Terse to scan, But I'll M'Auliffe it I can. "With which last atrocity, the bard lays down his ^uill, turns up his toes, and gives up the ghost. X v ! The Beaudesert bachelors gave their annual ball on j Thursday, July 23rd. About 200 guests weirejpresent. The beauty and chivalry of the district were there in all their glory, and I don't belieyfcPthat 'even the Queen of Siieba in all her glory was'ever .arrayed like one of these. In fact—but, ho 1 there, ancient harper of the clan; sling us thy epigram •'— Fm bound to say that this was no desert, If that's a desert, I can't tell garden; ; Instead of styling it as Beaudesert, I'd rather call it ifaM-audrBBLLB garden ! - . The wicked harper, having gotten rid of his labored pun, retires in good order, and the troubled mind of the scrawler is relieved. The ball-room was very nicely decorated, and the floor had been brought into excellent order. The dance music played, was capitally given, and dancing was vigorously indulged in till sunrise next morning. The striking and pretty costumes noticeable were more numerous and tasteful than have ever before been observed in Beaudesert. And, though I do not say in words. They were fine, feathers made fine birds;. Yet this I say, the charming dresses Made ladies magic enchantmses ; It made the brilliant, moving throng, A panorama live of song j A thing of beauty—ah ! but never. Though thing of beauty, "joy for ever." For pageants can never last, And this Beaudesert one is past. A Brisbane lady was conspicuous in black satinj with cardinal bodice, trimmed with pearl lace. A lady from "The Store" looked well in pink and cardi nal. Two sisters from Toowoomba made their Marks on Beaudesert cavaliers. Three sisters came from Tabragalba, the eldest in cream satin, looking especially lovely; but they were all captivating enough to The Beau desert trainer appearedvto'^i^t'ii^^a^gem'iiitMl^i> colored nuns'-veiling. A married lady and her sister represented Logan Village; the latter, in white satin, trimmed with swansdpwh, looked particularly charm ing. The; Tambourine teacher was Very attractive in white aid Australian blue. Her companion, whose graceful dancing . was, the, ihejsne^^nera^ji^u^r. tion, was very neatlyattired'111'whit^'^ittf.SdraiiMa' bows. Another Tambourine lady, wore a pale-blue costume, trimmed with cream lace, and' looked decidedly " fetching." That fatal query! Let it go; And ask me not now who was belle j ■ I won't select, for this I know^— 'Twas ev'ry charming demoiselle. Last Tuesday's masquerade at tie Acadeiiiy of Music, that of the Brisbane Scandinavian TJnion, was a great success. About 40 couples, in cos&urie;, took the floor, with half as many more in plain dress, and kept up the festivities till far into the small hours. The event ;of the evening was the National Maypole Dance, a Danish importation, very cleverly performed by 16 dancers in national costume. It was under the direction of Mr. W. Bergenhagen, who deserves great credit for the beautiful effect produced. The prizes for the handsomest costumes were taken by Miss Mabel Brooks and Mr. W. Bergenhagen. The former wore a beautiful sleeveless Eastern costume of white satin, trimmed with gold beads, fringe and braid with cap, to matchsupposed to be Bellotte, Blue Beard's last wife; and the lattfer a gorgfeous Claude Melnotte dress. The prizes were a silver and. gold, bracelet and a ring. ' Among other characters represented were, Queen of the Night, by Miss S, Petersen ; Hunting G irl, Miss A. Petersen; Esmeralda; Mrs. Soderholm; Moonlight> Mrs. Sparks; Danish Lady; Mrs. Larsen; Sweedish peasants, Misses Johnson and Magnuesen; Grand Duchess, Miss Larsen;! Falke, Miss Lizzie Busca ; Evening dress, Miss Hersey ; French lady, XVI century, Miss Ada Springer •, The Duchess, by Gainsborough, Mrs. E. Yerral; Sailoress, Miss Forbes j Scotch lassie, Miss Henderson; Eed Biding Hood, Miss Larsen ; Forget-me-not, Miss Annie England. Spanish noble, Mr. J. Smith; Clown, Mr. H. Benner; Conrad the Corsair (an original dress), Mr. W. Soderholm; Secohd Engineer, G-ayundah, Mr. C. Levy ; Duke of Buckingham, Mr. W. Bichard son: Cyclist, Mr. A. S. Charrington, of Toowoomba; Chief Boatswain's Mate, Mr. A. Smith. At last, I tell ; How Ipswich belle 1 Who hitherto has tarried, Is really plighted To be united— : By 'Evans, to, be married I And more than one ; y Gray Ipswich son, Who can no longer doubt it, At this sad jar, . : , Are—really are— Down in the mouth about it. V One of the most beautiful of the many noral em blems placed by loving friends on the coffin of the late " Willie" Isles, was that sent by his comrades of the Brisbane Bicycl Club. It was composed of white roses and violets, and in the centre was fastened a large knot of navy-blue satin—the Club colour—bearing the monogram, in gilt letters, - B.B.C. This wreath was made at Spilsbury's, who deserve much credit for the delicate taste displayed. Now, Ipswich will have one belle more, And Sydney one less damosel j An Ipswichite solictor Will shortly wed a Sydney belle. The law loves mates of its own kidney, ; 'Twill " move the court" to get a grip j Hies this solicitor, to Sydney, To now complete the partnership..,: I know not, nor do you; but he knew , The reason for this change of venue. J ■ And that's what is making the Ipswich fair ones so sore-hearted. They can t see- why an Ipswich solicitor cannot choose a local bride, or even a Queensland one; an<i nothing will permit them ever to forgive this culprit for going to Sydney in search ofawife. ';; -■■'■-.o They say 'twas " blue blood fetched the beau. He' wanted pedigree with time's tone j And, as the adage says, you know, "You can't get blood from out a Limestone." 