The Bishop at St. Paul's. It is a comruou thing to bear its enemies say that the Church of England is losing its power, and tbattbe traditional respect which has hitherto been paid to its highest ministers Is vanishing Iiko a dream of the morniog. No better refutation could be adduced by volumes * of elaborate writing than was furnished by the large crowd which filled St. Paul's last night to hear his lordship the Bishop of Melbourne. Not ouly was the church thronged to the very gate, but cveu the belfry had to be thrown open to the eager public. The vast miss of people, standing, while the organ pealed forth and the choir chanted the glorions anthem, " Awake, put 011 thy strength, oh Zion" (Isaiah, 52ud, v. 1, 7, S), as seen from the belfry-tower, was a sight not likely to be soon erased from the tablets of the memory, and one well calculated to inspire, not a desponding fear that the graud old Cbnrch of England is hurrying to decay, but that it possesses the venera tion and love of its people in so high a degree that it is, like the house which was builded on the rock—firm, strong, and stable. Dr. Moorhouse preached one of thoseeloqnent, characteristic sermons which, j long after they have been uttered, ring through the dim corridors of memory, and ; cause those who have listened to them to | ponder and weigh the mighty itnpor&aucc; of the deep-rooted and all-enduring truths which they set before them in such grandly simple laoguage that even a child might j understand. Dr. Moorhouse took his text from the thirteenth chapter of the Acts, and the forty-fifth verse—"Bat when the | Jews saw the multitudes they were filled with envy.'1 He pointed oat that in the I words of the text were seen the effects of a 1 remarkable sermon. The two Apostles had climbed np to Mount Taurus till they came ; to Pisidia. Spiritually, that was an un trodden ground, a virgin soil. - Into this j virgin soil the Apostle dropped the livlog seed of the Word, which, as it were in a night, sprang forth into a great harvest. The news spread, and so great was the effect that an immense multitude was met at | the synagogue, the whole city being gathered to the door. What had brought them ? Was lb the report of the wonderful sermon which the Apostle had preached on the preceding Sabbath ? He (the bishop) remembered very well a sermon preached at the Percy chapel one morning by a fine old disciple of Christ, Mr Melville. Very few people were in the church, for the preacher 1 was unknown, but those who were there and heard the brilliant words fall from the lips of that eloquent divine said that a new voice had been heard in the church, and everyone thought a prophet bad arisen in Israel, and paid tribute to his wonderful power to search the heart. Accordingly the next Sunday there was no getting near the | doors of the Percy chapeL He (Dr. Moorhouse) bad very little doubt that when a man reached the human heart there would be very little need of announcement or | advertisements- Men would say to one another, " That man's words found me ; come and hear him ; they will make you know yourself, and God and Christ; he j will lift you into heaven." Some such report as that had run through the I narrow streets of Pisidia and An- | tioch, and all those multitudes had gathered together with enthusiasm and ; restrained expectation. A great congregation j (said the prelate) was a very moving sight to I the man who looked over it ; its elements | were so*diverse : the rich and the poor ; the cultured and the simple; friends and foes were there. What had brought them all together? It was the religious feeling ; they had come to hear their Esther's message,and to sing their Father's praises. He be lieved far more of the peace of- this world depended upon, and was due to, the unmarked effect of public worship than meu commonly recognised. Men thought too ; little of their common blessings, and they saw not that public worship did more to j keep the peace of the world than all the laws which defined their rights,or the swords that | defended them. It seemed to him that the Pisidians had been gathered together just as the Israelites were gathered into the wilderness about their tents, to receive the manna from God. They heard about salva tion—a salvation radical and complete, accessible as the air which they breathed, which united earth and Heaven, man and , God—a ladder of promise raised up on the ; sin-6tained earth, the top of which was lost in the glorions clouds of God. What wonder, - then, that when the congregation was broken up the people gathered arouud the apostle in great | clusters, asking that those words might he preached again, and declaring they had found them to be the power of God unto salvation. Ho (the bishop) wished there ] was more of this enthusiasm amongst those of the present day. Perhaps it might be | said there would be more of it if St. Paul were in the pulpit. To gain , this object, they should pray more to God for their ministers—not that they might be learned or eloquent, although, thesegifts were | sacred to the service of God, hut that they might be ambassadors for Christ, telling of | God's message of salvation. Were that so, the church would reoew the graud triumphs I of its heroic days, and the people would be I filled with the joy of the Holy Ghost. It I should not be snpposed that the Apostle's j preaching always had such a termination ; hat it was qnite true that it was always potent. They could not go to sleep when the lightnings of the world were playing arouud them and awakening conscience ; and the tenderness of Christ's love was lifting np their hearts. It was possible for meu to receive or reject the offer of life : to obey or to refuse to obey the commands of God. The Jews who had gathered together to listen to the apostle were offended. Who, said they, were these men that they should make such a stir? And, what was the meaning of all that Pagan rabble at the door ? It was to hear, they averred, some of that pestilent preaching of spiritual equality for which the Apostles were distinguished. And so the Jews received the Word of Life with hatred and reluctance.. It was remarkable that from soexcelleut asonrce efforts so diverse Bhould have proceeded. On the one side joy, and on the other questioning and blaspheming. The Word was faithfully preached ; how was it then that it occasioned so mnch opposition? It was to he noticed, in the first place, that when the Word of Life caused opposition it was a great testi mony of its power; it prevailed with men thongh they might hate it. Men did not sit in their pews dreaming, calculating their gains, for the Word of God struck them in the deep places of the heart, and therefore provoked them to think about it. The Word was a living power of the highest, and it wonld either be the Savionr of life nnto life, or the avenger of death nnto death. Far preferable was it to have living blasphemy than dead iodifference. Dead indiffe rence meant corruption, stagnation ; living blasphemy meant conscious opposition to the plan of truth, in which the antagonist might be overcome. If any of them had a truth which they believed with all the power of their understanding, whioh they had grasped with all their hearts, let them tell it oat, act it oat, live it out. Some people there were who bad fallen in love with their sins; otherB were so timid that they did not like to pnt old trntbs into new forms lest they should lose them in the process. Which was better: the . stormy swell of the living ocean,or the silent stagna tion of the slimy pool? Earnestness, true oonviction, living speech were what were wanted, and then,if opposition had to be met oq the one part, on the other would he obtained joy, peace, and the blessed troths of the spirit. These things he said to all ministers of Christ, whether they were clergymen, Suuday school teachers, or mis sionaries spreading the Word of God. The Jews resisted the Spirit, and what hecame ot m z . XCey cad to submit to be taken do wo from their pride of place in favor of the despised Gentiles. That warning onght to ring in the ears of all Christian congregations* Whenever new truths sprang forth from the Word of God what would they do with them. Would they go on their way recon ciling the sceptical where they conld ; or wonld they, by their obstinate opposition, provoke the words which the Sou of God spoke sorrowfully to apostate Jerusalem : " She knew not the day of her visitation ; she closed her eyes against Divine light; she shut her heart against Divine light, and went to her own place." In religious as well as in secular things there was a tide in the affairs of men which, taken at the flood, led on to fortune, but if ones lost was gone for ever. Doors : were open into light and into truth, and if they would enter them they would be led into eternal blessedness ; but, if they turned way, tbey would be forever closed, and, ! though other avenue3 might be possible, those doors would invite them no more. Those lost opportunities that had been offered were taken away only bfcause they would not have them. The recollection of them would in the great future give the most poigoaot auguisl*, when thiugs would be seen as they are. Never uutil the end of - the journey wa* reached would tbey see, with eyes purged from all earthly mist, the pitfalls of tempta tion—the words kept back which, if uttered, would have wrecked their future lives. There was also the other side of the picture : faculties wasted, and glorious opportunities lost—never would they know until the end all that their sin and folly had lost to them. Let them, therefore, resolve to repent and redeem the time that remained. It might be that God was opening doors to souls in that very church. Let them then determine to open their hearts to the doors of grace. The solemnity of the proceedings was much enhanced by the excellent singing of the choir, aod the grand mnsic of the organ in the efficient hands of Mr W. D. Goodall. Mrs Edwards* fine voice was heard to great advautage iu the singing of the offertory service (the music of w hich is by His Excellency Sir William llobinson, Governor of South Australia). Altogether the whole of the service was solemn, earnest, and deeply inspiring. Fbswick-street Baptist Chuecii. Anniversary services iu connection with this church were conducted yesterday. At each there was a very large congregation, and great interest was taken iu both services. In the forenoon the Rev. D. Badger preached an eloquent Bermon, and iu the evening the Rev. J. H. Toms took the text of his sermon from the 14th verse of the 13th chapter of Hebrews—" For here we have no continuing city, but we seek one to come." An impressive discourse was preached'by the rev. gentle* man. This evening a tea meeting will be held in the Sous of Temperance Hall, after which a public meeting will be held in the church, when addresses will be delivered by the Revs. AT- Webb, J. S. Harrison, J. H. Toms, and D. E. M\Dougail. During the evening selections of music will be given by Mrs Edwards, and the Misses Carr, Steed mao, and Blackwell. 