Obituary. The Bishop of London. Cable news published last week announced the death, in his 74th year, of the Right Hon. and Right Rev. John Jackson, D.D., Lord Bishop of London. Dr. Jackson was the son of the la.tj a.eury owckouii, xisq., uiervuaui, luruiorijr of Henley-on-Thames, and latterly of Mans* field, in Nottinghamshire. He was born in London 22nd February, 1811, and received hia early education at Reading Grammar School, under the late Dr. Valpy. From thence he proceeded to Pembroke College, Oxford, where he graduated as B.A. in 1833. He won at the University first- class honours in the school of Litera Huntanieres, where his name stands side by side with those of the late Lord Canning, Mr. Robert Lowe, Dean LiddelL and Dr. Scott. Master of Balliol College. In 1834 he gained the Ellerton prize for an English theological essay on "The Sanctifying Influence of the Holy Ghost Indispensable to Human Salva* tion." Two years later he was chosen head* master of the Proprietary Grammar School at Islington, in connection with King's College, London. This post he held, discharging its duties most efficiently, in conjunction with those of the incumbency of St James's, Mus* well Hill, in the parish of Hornsey, until 1846, when he was appointed rector of St James's Piccadilly, by Dr. Blomfield, then Bishop of London. In 1847 he was appointed one of the Chaplains in Ordinary to tbe Queen. He became a Canon of Bristol in 1852: was a Select Preacher before the University of Oxford in 1845, 1860, 1862, and 1866; and {'reached the Boyle Lectures in London in 853\. In the last-mentioned year, on the death of Dr. John Kaye, he was nominated by the Earl of Aberdeen to the see of Lincoln. The day preceding his consecration an address, signed by a large number of noblemen and gentlemen of all political parties, together with a service of plate, worth nearly £700, was pre* aentedto Dr. Jackson. On 4th January. 1869, he was translated to the see of London in sue* cession to Dr. Tait, who had been raised to the Primacy. In his official character the Bishop of London is one of her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, Dean of her Majesty's Chapel Royal, a Trustee of the British Museum, and a Governor of King's College, London. His lordship is the author of several courses of sermons preached before the University of Oxford; and of a volume entitled "The Sinfulness of Little Sins,"which has had a very wide circulation. 