TO THE EDITOR. Sir— Having carefuUy perused the letters undtr the above headiog in your paper, it occurred to me that if you would kindly allow me Bpace in vourvalmable columns I might do something in the way of putting the matter re those 300 more unfortunates in a more unbiassed and reasonable light than some of your choleric and verbose corrcspon dents have done, To this end allow me to pick out a few ot the points advanced, ana hold them up to the clear light of day. Asa matter of fact it does not seem (at first thonRht) to be a very ^se or pohbc stroke Kthey may be heartily welcomed by the Ifartners and matrons of South Australia? I can .to a certain extent endorse the remark ? . _ of your correspondent 'K.' as to the -7 desirability of importing nominated immi grants, as I can call to mind at the present moment several recently arrived immigrants (nominees) who are cDlonists ot the highest order, and who have themselves '? been already benefited. Your correspon dent 'Taxpayer' indulges, in a tirade against the Government and all pertaining thereto, hints at ideas involving the whole system of political economy, duly protests against things in general, and gratuitously advises the Government to telegraph im mediately to our Agent- General to counter mand his arrangements. Ye Rods ! Is our fertile colony, with an area of 300,000 square miles and very spare population, and panting for prestige among the nations, to be ruined by 300 more good colonists? Perish the thought. Mr. Henry Taylor pours out his lamentation. I must, however, take excep tion to his remarks — viz., that 'our people are being beggared with soup kitchens.' Allow me to inform Mr. Taylor that, according to the most authoritative information on the subject, if there is one thing that has beggared our fair city, colony, or continent more than another it is the very 'money bagging' trafnc in which he is engaged, the world's curse, strong drink. Mr. Taylor says further, 'The public estate is frittered away by interested politicians, the others are woefully ignorant.' O, ye shades of Burke, Pitt, Fox, and other bright luminaries, why did ye not go to the Sturt Hotel and learn the teachings of Mill oi George from the ghost of DiogeneB, instead of harbouring the mangled and distorted ' imaginations of your fellows? Yonr corre spondent ' Qui Vive' credits the Government with 'bringing unfortunates iuto a city already crowded with unemployed' I think undeservedly, because in the first place the male portion of the immi grants are to be farm labourers, who will be needed in the areas, and the female as domestic servants, who are at present needed in the city and suburbs. Mr. J. Z. Sellar is also somewLat ludicrouB in his de ductions. He refers to a resolution passed at a meeting held some months since at the Town Hall, viz. — ' That it is undesirable to introduce any more immigrants at present,' and holds out that resolution as ' the unani mous expression of the public voice.' Mr. Sellar can't understand how the Government have ventured to override that voice. Perhaps it may help his understanding if I gently hint that Ministers of the Crown are good political jockeys, and that the ' public voice mentioned above was the expression of the opinion of Eomc of the artisan and labouring class, who naturally endorsed the resolution ; and although Mr. Sellar's voice may have rung through the hall in tones vehement or meliflucus, his was not the ' people's voice.' Lot our 300 friends come by all means now, but let the Government see the advisability of staying the tide of immigration until they have introduced a comprehensive scheme for developing fully the resources of the colony. I am, Sir, &c;, FREELANCE. New Glenelg, June 27. 