T HE CHRONIOLES OF EARLY PELBOURPJE. HIBTOEIOAS/, ANEODOTAK AND ; PEUBONAL,— (1836-I851)i NEW BERIKB, Br Gaeetowim,' CHAPTER XXXVII, Tan Nativut and Nonaoe or Melbodbhi jodbnalisu, 41 The RnconniNa Akgbl3," Mr Edmond Finn had Iho fongost oonnec- tlon of any of his contemporaries with the curly PrfcM, and continued during hii jrmr nalifiio caupr cn ononswspapertTHK Heiiald, to wblcb he win nltnohed for more thunthir- isnn seorp, titc. lost only to nil an appointment In tbo clerical staff of tbo Lflgislntlvn Council dopartmtn), Arfivirg lo the colony la his tttnp, f«r.d frcrb frrm Fchoof, ornmmod brimful c f G.'tclt and Ltln tlntsic", bat Ilttlo (lie, ho on>ti»4l hims:l( by dafinng Into Ibo exalte- rurnlof tho olvlo and LcgfslrlTo (Ieeti-»?t«, wrrtn rrtno fqull-u In ptose ond verRBforTilE IIepald, wrb nprtlcd by Osvauagb, nud an- poinioa (hu fcunsoec-or ot F— n. The hl.lau), tlHrrfoip, Ihsugb donrlvcd of ons "Fin," Roenred tio ctler "Fiuo," an im provement In ovfty way, for fbo new cou.cs tuck to lb) EOrrspapor as a firU does to ivafrr, ord was Bcon qnito ni home iu a o.tigeoial olerufut. A Rontsmporary socio years ego tLiw vriots of him— "Mr Finn, I vtillj bfileve, fctew ovary Inhabitant o? Mfi btitiTCO of tny irbpoifauc, nod konw neatly ivcrlbirg tbat was going ou. Ho was e»p«oi i JljCuhlirgulhhcd iorbiaiuliinah acquaintance with civic Btd >:ccl;.l mattori'. acd crugaiberer of to'to was 0xpc.1t nr diod'fatiftablf. IIo win an nil frtiewu ts s Juhnny Fawkn.' Un was rboit aud very aboit-e'gbttd, and had a re markably big bend w! 5h plenty io If." He was the meet diuilimUvo of ull bir oompn&ru; a id t.hf.ugh Sflcoctilc aud impclulvn liko rnay of Ms fouBtkymep, f«v bo wan II btroUn " tS fhe bntkbeur sctl spinel mntr&w;," ho was not de void of forethought aud oaution, aerviog bis en ploy gl well, and oooa iugrallutlog bimssH us n favourite with everyone, excopt tlio oro- lion of tie corr.mnnit; opuusod ti thd poliUsr and pttcoufctl of The Herald, nr ra'.bev, Its proprietor — 0ven2h, Us was however, exoenilvvly disliked by eomo ol tijo editors of tb'j uV.-.rx paptri ; but be ftnappidbh fiego;?, avdaid ho didn't sara a fig fo?tbcm, tor, cs ho r.ov<r ir.toadKd fo liiftvo 'I he Heiiald, hokhould never big a billot from e»y of thorn, Shrcaetio ftlbsts wore bfltow:d rti him In utnndouop, bnt he paid baok in the tamp cola. ICnsr dnbbfd hlia 44 Usian Boiu," tud " Thk Bfrald MoB'Vf.y," aud a> cot-vim couiplimmtB ho o.llr.d Ke>r thi " ouiran c.nlorg," tbe "cgro," and the "ovolopu." Br.uisiquct dofigratcd bira "Olats'col Nsddp," cdosce when hnrcrvfio-J, ie n spceohntSt. Frttiick'u Hall, tho first proprietor o! the 44 Argutr," fcr a wbt lott.lv elnuclurlng of some Irish orphan chls shipped ont to the nolmr, Mr Edward Y/ibcn had it foimally vftgUtered in tbo llAigu« ' aiehivo that Finn should novcr, ou ary oconrt, and under any oiroom- Btcncep, be employed on tb&t; j jcrnfi. There wos never any »60d to etiforoo this magc&ni-; rnous retold. The wave und tha truces trngod and rnfificd b'twofin Fmo r.rd Fwhnsr were so trmny audamnMrg h lodanoiva tifotmoot in a Biparule uoilcn, CAV&cogh; and ho ultvajs pulkd utll togoHor, a oitonmstssoi the moro (urtiifieg ibot tboy wesobotb uoblcssi.d with tbs best of lemperr, rud at fim3so?Qldbe bftsty and petulant ?>ft"gb; bet tbs roai m for thin was onoo b:itil> and nMiriactofily thua (xplaintd, A mutual fiic&d; (a ccloui&t;, whu moo bom a titl'd nume)oue day said to Oaromgb, 41 How io Ibo wotld dots fi happen that ycu and Fmn agr?6 so Will 1" 41 1- is tft8ily occiunted for," wos the rerpene, 4' Wa ara both bsd timporad (file wr, but iv 0 AYn OFccntiaHoftnch othrr, Ho wishre to retain bin berth, and I wish to retain hittr. Wo, thcrt-fftvo, both mftko it a point to 'o keep ouffflvrs utdcr sestciiu), tbat we r&vsly; h.'.vo a iUr« np j red fhoo it in tbat we got along capitally." Finn sw>n me,3tir;d r.lt tha drtr.ila of tho (flic, snd waseb! to do, and did everything, bat 44tEi up." IastAscos osonrred wberp, with XbA ixo?p4ion at the shipping, rommoroirl, atd advertisements, I13 wr.ito the ootlro caper from tide to imcrlut. Hi oamo to bo segssded ao one of tho obatvels 0? tbo «- tcblhhaont, nom)hk'g like an old matnt wrltlcg stood, wMih was never potted wUh, aud waa olwf.>s p'aoid on tbo editor' tablo ; od when, su in alta yuim cocurred, tho oon curu moro than cues ohoigod huuds tha two shft'tela were mkso cysy in tho invsntory, for 00 nor/ proprietor would think ot porting with either ol them, tha ono to bis usefulness, and Iho oibor for luck's »ftks. Oacc, bowsver, a sow editor kicked osidu tbe old pan end ink . appavatu, which Fisn plekod up, r.rd fcj fhls >lr.y retains it ss a oouv»cir cf long ogo, a br.t- toed, shabbs-lonkbg old friend, whom he has often dsclarcd ho would not batter 2or one of gold, This hoppejed oarne year after tbo gold diaooYfcFies, aod wi'bthi old ORstawny vnnisbid tho early pm'iga aod iofiaeucc ba which tbo jcvrual was tnrraursdod. As tmlv ml aewa monger Finn was unrivalled, lor bU conUuuas&Auponoua; paper without a day's inUrmiislm brtugbttohim n gcmoml kao7- befpo of tbo mon and things of tb9 then small Melbonrro, never acquired by aor otbor prsae man. Flo zfrnaisod cn The Herald from 1855 ta 1858, when tbn long veuno was obnnged by Mr (eubetquoutly Sir J.) O'Sbanaeky of f«iijg blm the appointmeut be still (1SS5) holds in Ibo L-gifiativc 0 uueil. Though, as ahnody stated, an exmllent olaesloal sohular. bo bs.s b.'cu cftan beard to say that of Eaglfah giammar keuaver learued anythiog, and oonld not taraij threo v/crda of Ibe langurgo, Still bis :uocoeo au a jomnoliit was far from inoou ridci&bio;, and by pr&ciics.ov; perhaps a rporisn 01 Irtilucf, bo acquired a ?acilitv of stale and cxcrcoeioD by no morns insignificant. Through being bo lorg feudally spcaklug an adecriptus glu)bx'».f TheHkuald, but tho ravouo cf a rVr/, tbo pAiting with hie old oatnpc-nioa w&i; tho Kvarlcg o? a tie noxt only t/ abandoning bi&riAt.vo; land, and he hm nover c aitd to f col n warm inlerrut In tbu ob?qimad lortaneB of tbv journal with which bo was eo lonz, mid plocaavtly aeecoiatc-d, Ha olton yearniogly thicks eve tbo emnen and rxcltnm.inta long faded «od gon;, aod when moctali? indalgiog in oiotrcepEO ol tbo old Herald and its qvosr iiurrou:<riiug3 nij o:Dtta3tbd with tbo preset atats of the Melbourne i-reof, bo recttlla tbo well knoun lines ol thu Bard of Hope — for to htm tb'.ugb giiz'rg backtmdo through tha molnn choir h>z?, r:b!oh puecirg yeare Issvc In their wake still 44 Dlafonco kodgonchsutmentto tho view." But. urqucsliorably tbe most txtraordinaxy man ever tn tbo Mclbontuo Frees was Mr Jctb&OnrHf;, acosr cor.mcticn of 0 ooca well known Li.ndcn banker o! 3ha name. Rcoaivirg a first ola»s aotnmcrolal ednostfon, ho was groi-t tl bJok>kQplng, wrote a dashing clafiia aoccuutr.nt'ft bend, and no moro rapid press man evtr uibb.d au inkstaod, Ha took to q towiug ot 44 wild oata" at hcrao tbat his frier d expMtiatad files?, and on Ihfl vojegs S3 Nov South Wake ho managed to gt& on- tangkd iu a critaocn, wbisb qaiokly brought Mm tu giis? in Sydney. Au arracgomsnt was m&do; with the injured htubicd, whioh oiodi- tiooiid that Onrtift should "maks track," to V-u. pieiiBnS Land, and ho lost no time in d&irg; id, AftsH. a brief uojourn tbsre, bs arrived in Melbourne, and bad no dlffioahy iu finding luitabte employment in tho oouutlug fccccfl of Meterd 'Tyrnbul!, Orr nnd Oo., au old jzoiruttlio firm id Oollice etreok. His temperament was too buoyaiil for a S3t on an < llico fllcol. and ho was ioou on the lookk-ont for romething more congenial. In 1813, bo W2J an uuruoceralul oaodidfio for the Town Trea screriblv, bnt be budroithee telosalinfiaente nor ardontiale ceosssary for Ho obtalnment, Ho finally took to tbo prsei, aud during his cartax w&b; on every nowapapoe la Mriboaxno, I. Cn2lis bad bun steady, and oonld astlle down oonkentsdly to his work, ho would bo an iovalusbleally to any journal, lor, though like nil tbe other early reporters, be was prac tically unskilled In any system of phono- grapy, be baa b;eu known to attend an impot ent evotiiog mtoiing, and writs out, ficgle-banded, between firo and alx ornlary oolnmna of brovlct lor the nsxk morning's pnbUtaMon, Our- lis was muob given to apiritaous andfiar- msntid enj .yment, yet bis imagination waa novtr moro active, or bis pen moro lively, than when ibreo abootu in tbe wind. Though tbe oonvereo of au Iaraalit9, there wad B3 coach ol tho OaaoBaianio his appdavanoe that tbo firtttime Sir O. G Daffy beheld blm ha wa startled at what he btlieved, for a mo msnS to bo the ghost ol iho great English ntatesman, aflorwards eudblad as Lord BsaconsfieUl. It ooouriod lu April, 185G, on the ocosbIouoI a St. Fatriok's Dionor, at St, FranoU'a Hfil, at wblob tbo then Mr Daffy, not long landed fiom Ireland, was the prla sipal guest. I bapponed to N sit next lo him, and when his eye fell upon Oar- tie, who was represenUog Tno Herald, ho started, and turning to me engetly asked 4 Who is tbat man ovei thflrcl" pointing to Umtiu. On bfieg told bo ex claimed, 11 Woll, I naves saw a mon 00 like Mi Disraeli." It waa often said cf Curtis by one who know him well 41 tbat he wonld sellyoa for aixpenoe, and spend n shilling on you.' And to it wis. Foor Jaok was the gayest and Jollies! fellow that o;nld be found. Wcoiover he went be oarsiid an atmosphere of tan and tJare-devlIiy about with him, and ai a boon oempanioo be bad no rival neav tbe throne, for ba was tbo boy to 41 keen tbe table on a com,'! Ho wm alwai in dHfiaoltii oj pomq kind"— In fed was rover out 0! h pernpe, XTitf mat It bit iooioatlcg dioolpdion dtovnhlm off tbe Melbourne joumate, end be bad to tskn re logo i n k mo cf tho weak iDbnrban moling then tegiobfrg to sprout at Colliogwoodjtiohmond, andothir Icoalilkn, As largtb there war an etc? to bis tether, aid bo died very euddoaly about tweuly ye; ago, Several of bfnrooy reoofadea will bs recounted in miottoi plaoe. Snob Ira sheet tad ourrory rrsnmoof the earlier! of our newspaper " loeordirg augels." Olbftetray bo taoitioalally lutroducrd b.»d- after, bot tho foregoing are tho only ouoe re qolring a BopMatn and RpeoUl oitioe. Tiik Two F'a j on Fawkner and Finn. No two of the old newepape Identities wero t'ltoror in enmity 0 amity than Johnny" nod 14 Neddy," as thsy wore uol- virsally tirmsd ; Indeed, thoy wore hardly tver tpoken of bot as ' Jchrry F.jv/knor" aid '"Neddy Finn." Though Fawkner bad rollrcd from tbe 44 Patriot," and was d&vm; pscunhrfiy IntoroBtsd lu any other journal, yon might as well exp'.ot an uncaged bird to keep awav irozn a gteoavoiid tree, as 44 Jotnoy" to abriolu f;oro saiibbHng, If over a man war iuourably illl ctod witb both tho cstuDhos eoiibendi ut loquondi it wos hr; ond wbinever the apcutingficasoa was slack, and there was eo stump to mount, tbora ho wr.e rasping away In tho ouncrpoudenou bcopcL of sucr.o ono 0! the journal, always ae- gSimimstfcol, often illogical, but invariably ptseonal and Lffcnilvc. If bs eastoinid a defeat at ono of the inauy wnrd or othor ODcelicge, which wore o».imnon, tho r.sxt moinicg beheld on abarive rbodomontade ftcm his poc, and be was n-ur.lly a verboao writer. The IndRoes of quality was only equalled by tbo quantity, th'.reLj doubling (j IreVllug tho intliotlou. Faukuor won or irregular It) hfo moods nr.d tssecB as tbo moxt oomplJcatei'i Grcob vort ; as ohangor-blo as a cbair.tUi-nlot.d as petvorts as tho most spoiled child. Everything by tamo, and nothing long, bo timitd biu eout oh msuy fimos ns tboro &rj; vtika In a gear, Ofiglually cso of IhoHaoto eum-Ki-rr clique in tha Towo Cjuocll, ho fiultid to tha other aids, aud qa odj oao&aion; uwed hi re rh'Otiou tn a ooaxiRg of tbi T i i: h vilr. Fcr a uxo be wa a Sius-b'.u'j Orano Disn, bnt trantfoircd his hero wuinhip from William Sbu Third to Sl. Potilck, wb-;«e g?crn banner be soon dQ'trtod through hol'.o fe- nb wtiir, F <st a tirna ho wcuid sslcot TnE Llkald ar. Lift aprbhing-lrumpst, thin fly to thu 4'G>-zitie," mtku the round of tbe "Drily Now," ard so on, About a dozen titr.t » In ovory twelv«!montbft ho snbectibad to, and repfgucd (00b of, tha varlons jonroale ; and fo bo went os, a unman wblfilifig— ao cnoentric in Uu motunu that no ptraon oouid putioly gmis its tuxt gyrnlion, Frgm polities Jofcuii-" would make u tonniug loop into polemic, end lbs Pap'oy and nil ils impntod !all»oies would ba ovovhauUd, He would tavn npon and flUttr tha Irish ono inontb, aud tbs text biu clumsily exaculod blarney would bs Lacfiiued ibtci gall. In many cf suohoan utV'-xtiss Firn wcnld ho into him bot and fttrcrr, when Fftwkoe wanld retort aud tbo (ilfccrtr JclD, genrrally btving tbs IbrI ward, a roicjlobk lo other panfu oculd guiu over Ftftimr. Ha would Miginitiso Finn as tho "Papist pigmy," tbs 44 Milefioa laito," «ud Ibo Mm:ia nrat, tnoogn in loirus "uoaauy- cculd hoaefc of obly ab.ut an Inch or uo ovor the other. Fiuu, as a rule, did not employ fiftrg, but bu subcoribftd bis lattnrs with pctudoojiris, soob as "Oaprioornns," "Hir- cos," " Bouc," &c.;, and worked into tbora os tuiioy OapBUlanlr.n metaphors nn br. oouM thick nf, acoiDce whlah compelled tho otbor —who picked tbo meauiogB out of dtaUonauM — lo throw up tbs iposgo aud u&bpia; luto rihuco. Libu Acbillsr, though not la tho beel, there wee ottr poioi lo which Fa fcsar was valnarablo —old bint In tbo F»#kneEit>nBFetsK)— agrln risfi-'ksletou In the Fawkncriao family oloRots, phiob, thi.ughonly to bo approached by dsx ta;oDi iouindc, ul-vs Iftiled tu bit tbo mu'k. The wiereabouts of tbls vital rpatwaokcoiva toeo oun baliurthan to Finr, whu batpoourd 44 JuLnnj " tbern nilh tbs skill of aa old North SoawbrtfT, and Fawkucr would 41 cave in" at orcp. but only fur a tim, lor bis restlesmess of tea>puraiiisnk oould uol lovg survive out u! hot cvnter. N&vcilhelcru;, tb«y would bs "In" aud »' out " ffilb eui'h cth-jr. for Fawkner was a fot Rivli g erol, oid thu otbsr wai frvgvtfal of in- jurj, aud gccd- uatured, But Faukoir was olwapt the tUwt to makoftuenoa-effQiig. Bomo tlaca tbrro or loss duys n f»?r 0 row tboy would meet In tbo etrcotf, attbvt Me6hauisl, I-ntiiut1', u: olbf place, and Fawkner, who wan 3oud 0! oon2saiioney, would extend one band tuwatds hiu advrrfary, wbilo be other held a paper of Iclliob (0 plaento biu), ibo result bfi&g; tliak tbo h?nd would bs sbakeu, anil tha or/oatoacrris taken. Tbe treaty, bowover, would bo of ; koiti daiaticn,'tcr psibaps ia a wsk aitsr, Fawkoo would write or Ciy something die- rtCHliugly (.ilt-neWd r.bmt tbo Pp, oou ventr, ' tho Irish, or Thd Herald, and ibe ba:pocu!cg ct-oomuionod. : Fawbuer wbsii iu Ilia t3Dtruios would uiualty whuu ho Psbm d tnavllDRly guest tbe otbor wllh 41 Well, my litUs Papist Neddy, bow do you sb&ps; to cay?" Tu wbioh the othar would aaoariugly rep!y,4,Quit9 woll, Juhuay Oaprioorn, I bops Ibqb you frieky." Aud thus getting u gentle touch ot the barpoou, tbs other would whtsh away with a psa&louatQ; cxohmtlion of 44 Ho ! bo I " not vfbturlsg r. it joinder, Wbo»> "out" they always add»rsaod each other as 4tNeddr" atd "Oapiio«u." and wfceu "iu" aa 41 321- mondub" a&d; "Jobu Paioio." Fa w't uar'a motber'a nama was Anno Passoe, and tboro was a cbu?m iu tbo tound whioh do doubt stirred up lbs old filial taDd6rasB% for ho wan a lord and dutiful son, and though bU mother and sitter uctnunod to Esglnnd a few years after the expatriation of tbe father, 41 Johnny' olmg ftifecticnatfiy to tbo old man, and all prr.ise bo to biu memory for having done so, Tu Paeooavnlff, ft Buburbun land sootion pur- obaicd by him some seven miks from Mot- bcnrco on wLat wan Itoo Uuocruaa tho Mioueo Prnda Uo&d;, bugavo a matomal daBlgnxiloii. Hera bs wan comfortably nested fo a oou- a dorablo limu. »nd grow noma ol tho first aud bsbt grapes iu>bo provlnoi1, bBbetaoI wbioh, t-nd bunoheu of flowsre, bo olic-u loli nt Fii'u'a fcou o during the frrqumt j&tirvais; when atnioobla rriarions icbsitted b tweon tbrm. Iu most ot tbo Oirl7 partp eqnabblus cegstideicd by tbs Ourporalion f.nd L-glfiatlva elseticup, Fasvku&/ a»:'J Finn took uitftram fid'-', Fawkaor am) 0'ShunQR'»7 used to buvo Uiff oftUftuchta, but "Johnny" was no matou for 4 Jack", and generally ran liho a whipped bocud, for soma 0! en«h rrtuts woold occur in tha opon fctrcota, 0'Sb» npa.iv r-as tfco aohnorylodgod Gjncral o? thu Isisb Battalions, and Finn was a sort 0! Aid-dc- Camp in bis. buIIo, Thsy wero very iskicuaitiiricnds, and very cftau loolbi;, so Hint wfcetdvtr Ibo ouo wus viaiblo the other wKunoi tar dr. 41 Jobesiy" Fawktsr would romoUmea call Finn "B'g Jack's Jaokal," O'dhatin&'.y wa, tibau ho Ubod, a long utapped waK-rcr, t,rd compared with the othr, waii as if i&cneciin; the savon league boots 0! tha glims ol nuxteiy tabfi; acd when in suoh pcdeitriau bunu a. sh liltta follow irottid band paieibaa eqnis by bis (ids in a stylo oftoa to ouusc rnueh hrauroiaaiit, loi tha one wa'J n- tall ns tha wllh O'Staaasoy, aad position on tbs Herald, a qonsi lrUh organ, ncqnircd a poputarity wllh bid oonutryuou »eooLd only to tbat ot thu gsuerbliselmo, and to tngogowitb him during a bested itaolbn was sometimes hMritot rhky uDdrrtakitc, is bo was woll backed by da- voted mvsmldoui. Fawktoraad bo mot 028 day rn El zabeth Btiect, Thsy wore both in ocmpsuy with! onnvaifing staffs 0! rival cnudldalo, and rather exoltad wiih tbo wok, Fawknsr lot (ff a whclcealo VGiloy o? ttbJtn of eveiytbiug Popfrb, from llvmo 60 FthoK GrcpbegbU, and evoiytbhg I ieb from "Big Jttok" to 'Tapiat Neddy." Ta# Iti»h doUob mcnt was more nnmerons than the olbor; Finn was in ooiwsncd, and Ma sorpoaut-mtfioa v/ns a wild Celtic cordoaicc; named Pat K'ja&odiy;, who ot or co called upon bis adberect to "givo tbe uoiBoioble ovawlec Fuwkcer a rouoiug volley ol gjoartB." TMy woio opnulcg thoir mcurbs tu iepy, when Fiun lock off bis Bap, (ho wee ncvor tbc-n eesn battad), and lloorhh- ing it in hi band, roared out ' Don't groan or bias tho tallows boys, for bo liu'c worth sptnniog so rnuih breath cn him. Lit him bavo a good Tunn-lug,' baoauio be won't like jt so well, and it is raalatr to do H," Tee words wore bardly spokoo, when thars burst lortbenoh a sieging aannonade of labial ejeoa latlons as trsio novsr bofora hsard in Me! bonmo stiofifs. It wai like tbs vrailiog of a herd ol mouataiu goat?, cnsred by a pask ol bnogiy wolves, aaa expsolisg nveiy momsnt to bo pcunoed on seddovourad. FAWhoer c guard speedily varooied, and "Johoay him self took to bis heeta, followed by the Maa-ers, and uevor looksd bsok until he vesohod tbe door ottha "PMslot oflicp," whon bo ground Mo teetb.ihook bio ii:t ia ftbsie laoos, and uttoxd terrible threats ol tbe dkoat venBOanaf;. Ha was often af tor wards troated ton Hkoacso. On the cossslon cl anothtr oicoHon Flon war writing In The Herald office iu LHtlo Orilius street writ, and hearing some tumult in tha street, itaiied out to paragraph It, whan to his (urptite ho btbsld 'Favrkesv bailed up by an Infuriated ra)b.. lsd on by a quoit od fellow, known aa Hughey Gain, who ooolly proposed tbat tho offsiidiag parsonage should bo lycebfd. Stsing FIbo, though iliey wars then in & state ol war, FAffkner in desperation pltoouBly sersamtd to Mb onemy 44 to ravohlm from tbo savBgas who were going to oommit murder." Tbe otbor had oaly to order, end a path was oliaied lot blm, and making lor ,4Jobanyt" who was b&oked; against Ibe wall ol a tavern, kaown ai the Baiidors' Arms, and standing before him, afldteiaad tbo angiy lynobers— 44 Surely, yon are not going to mal triat a single man amongst so many. Boys, I doteit this shaking old souudrol bsblnd mo may bo muob more than yon do, aud I should be Rind if Old Niok, who will have him some day, flaw off with him this moment J bat lair play ie 0 jewel wbotber in Irish 01 English, aud yon must give tho oantanksrune d<g auotbns obenoa." 4,0omo Tim," added bo, addisislug Mr Timothy Lauo, tbo hotel laud taid, who was looking on, sniggering and twisting Me shoulders In a babll peoullu to blm ; 4 givo ma a band to savo this vermin. I kbqw yon aro a good fellow and v?ont setuse, "Tim " ao.1wrrcd a oMl, wbioh bs darod net wetlrefuto. Tbt crowd >cJo.:to, ui.d Facknur was shoved io by a private door, looked up in a roi m for au boar, and when oalcn woatbor set lu, liberated io God his way boma in the mcit private manner pirslble, Ia 1857, Fftwkcov ond Finn had a g»oat nowspftper row iuTfiE Hiuald in ornstqagnre 0? noimfhiftg tbo fcrtnsr said er wrote about tbe 8t Pat- fick'« Hootatr. Irhhry ncd Popery tn gooera?. It waft an crigiual oorifispncJouos boUle, tho etui dgMng biinafif 4lJ>tF,,,, and the other 41 SIovfDCmsUD." Tho neocymity was only ft thin poczs vril, nnd thilr rsnueatlve nacaas in lull might Jnfi os woll Ln alfixsrj, as tboro was no conceuiioeot whfttevnr Affooted. Hsre again Ftab 1 atl tbo last word. And eo muob UlUcrtttB Wus cT-jlilled at luth aides, fcbst lL>y diilc't mnbo it np for 5 or i> years. By a rirgular ribimcfy, ibu pittbfrrk ofFatonovcr ttpsfd to oasttbom Iwa fellow) iotoprorimUy, and tho fisal pitohisg wan the most araus- tag. (To bs Continued.) 