S*AAMS. -4----- SHAM .PRIEND. THERE is nothing snrpasses a true friend, when affliction or adversity comes on a man; and while he is wearied or exhausted with the struggle, to receive the word of comfort and an helping hand from a sympathizing fellow creature. It renews his hope, gives the down-hearted one fresh life, cheers his spirit, supplies him with new courage to go on. A Grecian philosopher has defined friendship to be "the love we have for another, not for any good we get, but merely for the party's sake who is beloved." "When the black lettered list to the gods was presented, (The list of what fate for each mortal intends) At the long list of ills a kind goddess relented And slipped in three blessings-wife, children, and friends. In vain surly Pluto maintained he was cheated, For Justice divine could not compass its ends; The scheme of man's penance he swore was defeated, For earth becomes heaven with wife, children, and friends. A rich man never lacks friends. They are not always genuine. Sycophants and Todies fawn ,and worship the golden' calf, and resort to every scheme to secure a monied man's smile. We have read of a wealthy gentleman who kept open house and an excellent table, he supposed his friends were legion, A report by some means got spread, that he had lost his money. This had a wonderful effect upon his ardent admirers, who now passed him with a cold nod, or at the most took him by the tips of his fingers when shaking hands with him. Learning that this demeanor was brought about by the above report, he at once proceeded to put his friends to the test. Beginning at the richest he tried to borrow money to tide him over his difficulties. Each of these gentlemen pulled a long face, expressed his sorrow that he had chosen the present time for such an application, wished it had been any other time, and said they would have willingly helped him but they cculd not lend him what he wanted at the present. A few days after this he issued in vitations to all these professing friends, told the steward of his house to lay a good table, using his best silver plate for the purpose. His guests assembled, a concerted signal was given, the covers were removed and every dish was shown to be empty. The visitors demanded an explanation. He said : "nothing easier gentlemen, it was always a pleasure for me to entertain you. You now complain of my dishes being empty ; gentlemen, for the future they will be always empty to you. The empty dishes are an emblem of yourselves. You pretended to be my friends; I have proved you to be only a company of false guests, or sham friends. True friendship remains the same in adversity or prosperity." We know a friend, a pale, cadaverous, looking individual, so white that amongst his acquaintances he goes by the name of the " ghost." This subtle gentleman wound himself into the hearts and affections of a trusting family. Expressing for them great love, deferring to their expressed views, and a little bit of flattery most artfully administered did the rest. These trusting ones soon began to cast about to see how they could best serve this crafty friend. They introduced him to business acquaintances and to most of their friends, especially the young ladies, from these he selected a life companion. This accomplished, their professed friend laid himself out to sow the seeds of discord amongst those to whom they had procured him intro ductions. It is astonishing the amount of mischief a "sham" like this can bring about. Three of their oldest and fastest friends were separated from them by false statements and ambiguous insinuations made by this double faced hypocrite and sham. Coleridge's fine description of broken friendships has never been surpassed: " Alas! they had been friends in youth But whispering tongues can poison truth, And constancy lives in realms above And life is thorny and youth is vain; And to be wroth with one we love Doth work like madness in tha brain. And thus it chanced, as I ivine, With Roland and Sir Leoline Each spake words of high disdain and insult to his heart's best brother, They parted-ne'er to meet again, But never either found another. To free the hollow heart from paining They stood aloof, the scars remaining Like cliffs which had been rent asunder A dreary sea now flows between. But neither heat, nor frost, nor thunder, Shall do away, I ween, The marks of that which once hath been. It is pleasant when you have friends for neighbours, people whose honor and character command respect and whom you can implicitly trust and love, such friends can make you very happy, it is a pleasure to be in their company, you welcome them with your sweetest smile and if they stay and partake of your hospitality you are delighted. We knew a family in one of our suburbs who thought they had obtained a friend and neighbour of this character, in the person of a resident who came to live next door to them. For months this new arrival smiled sweetly, fraternized most lovingly, and ap parently strove to secure the esteem of the older neighbour. Little courtesies were shown by both sides, and a loving understanding seemed to prevail and every likelihood of a fast and lasting friendship being established. Un fortunately for the permanency of this newly formed friendship, a plot of land ran between these neighbours, and at the time the new arrival came, the old resident was negotiating a purchase from the widow and orphans, owners of the covetted block. In confidence all particulars relating to the covetted lot were obtained. This newly fledged friend did not hesitate as to what was the best thing to do, but at once fenced in and took possession of the little plot. "And what is friendship ? but a name, A charm that lulls to sleep, A sound that follows wealth and fame Bat leaves the wretch to weep. We had a friend whom we loved most sincerely, and thought him the very aounl of hooour, With him we could have trusted ur "immortal part." Domestic troubles came upon this friend and those he loved were taken away from him. Our hearts went out in the warmest t:mpathy and most earnest love, we I aged to share his grief and to bar, a portion of his affliction. Durir;: this time of trial this friend came to us with some business troubles, saying he would gladly pay for an, services rendered, and should look on the same as a friendly turn. W. took the matter up and served this fri ad to the best of our ability, neglec:,d our own business in order to give our undivided attention to the intricate work required to pull the undertaking through. We sacri ficed our health in the accomplishment of this end. Afterwards we had to employ a doctor for a lengthened period to pull us through, presented the account for our services our "lovable one" shirked his responsibilty, claimed our services gratis as we pro fessed to be his friends, and demurred to any profit on the material supplied. The gross injustice of this transaction completely disillusioniz'ed our mind, and reduced the standard value of this friend to the smallest silver coin the Queen has yet issued. "You'll find the friendship of the world a show; Mere outward show ! t'is like the harlot's tears, The statesman's promises or false patriot's zeal Full of fair promise, but delusion all." Another of.our so-called friends, a man of eccentric manners and with conversational powers of an extraordin ary character, whose great delight is to talk about such a mixture as un popular parsons and celebrated prize fighters, who speaks of Morley Paushon (the Wesleyan orator), and Tom Say ers (the champion pugilist), as a lovely couple, and the Rev. Charles Clarke and Jim Mace as a pair of beauties. The great pleasure of his life is to secure the portraits of these grand men ; he puts forth most strenuous efforts to secure the portraits of his favorites. This friend once called me into his private room, a place containing a " big drum" and hung round with the pictures of the heroes that he loved. Taking me by the hands and looking me right in the eyes he said Mr.- I am about to ask you a very great favour, and if you grant it to me I shall always owe you a debt of gratitude, and if through life you, your wife, or your children ever want help, let them look to me. I thanked him for the interest he took in me and mine, and for his kind words, and said tell me quickly what I can do for you, I am anxious to know. He said, with tears in his eyes, if you do but grant my request, I shall never forget you, or your wife, or your children" But, I said, tell me at once what it is, I can not bear suspense. He said, I was looking through your library when last at your house, I saw you had got two volumes of Whitfield's sermons and the favour I wish to ask is this, will you give me Whitfield's portraits out of one of them ? I said, my friend there are two portraits of Whitfield, one when he commenced his ministry, the other when he was in the prime of life, you shall have them both. He clasped me by the two hands and with more tears in his eyes said: Oh ! you are a dear fellow, and look to me if ever you want a favour granted. A few weeks after this I wanted to take my wife away for a short holiday, and being blessed with a large family we consulted together as to what we should do with the children. We succeeded in placing them all with friends, with the exception of one dear little girl, whom we reserved for the sympathetic and watery nature, who had with great feeling promised so much. We wrote him and his wife asking if they would kindly have the little girl for a few days, they having no family we thought they would be delighted to take the dear little thing. The message we received in reply was to this effect: they had only one spare bed, their pet dog "Tiny" slept in that, and for no child in the world would they have their dear dog out of his own warm bed. This came from the man who, with tears in his eyes, vol untarily said : if ever you, your wife, or your children want a favour let them look to me. Such are a few of the professed friends I have come across in my short career. They do no honour to the sacred name of friend, but by their actions prove themselves to be most palpable "shams." A true, sympathetic, and sincere friend we look upon as one of God's choicest blessings. "If povertygaunt stalketh in at the door With cares to oppress, and his trials be sore: To Him! we give thanks, who in mercy yet sends Our dear loving, kind and intelligent frienls. Should fortune but smile, and prosperity cheer. Give us store of great wealth with plenty each year; Yet a blessing that all these bounties tran scends Are dear loving, kind and intelligent friends." The European Mail says-It is one of the most remarkable instances of what some will call the "irony of fate " but which we prefer to characterise as the retribution of infirmity of purpose -that the present English Govern ment, which came into power loudly proclaiming its ability to manage the affairs of the nation without bloodshed, or warfare, or annexation, should be engaged in annexations on the most wholesale scale, and in "military opera tion" which have resulted in more bloodshed-and otter fruitless blood shed-than has been caused by all the wars put together that we have carried on since the Crimean. The very ex pressed determination not to "annex," not to "fight," and not to interfere with other nations, has landed us in annexations and in wars, and has brought us, almost helpless, face to face with the interference with other nations in affairs which most closely affect our vital interests. It is well that the people are beginning to understand the matter in time. However great the disappointment of the Colonies, they at least have the satisfaction of knowing that their political instincts have been truer, and their foresight greater, than those of the " Mother of Nations." 