GAULFIELD. By Mozart. This Day. n. nne cicar morning for work. Mr Leek was first on the scene with St. Ellen and Plympton, the pair being sent medium exer cise, finishing up strong the last two or three furlongs. Mr Bonce sent Velocipcdo a mile and a half for goodworklng gallop. Laudo running home, with him . tho last Ave furlongs. The Cop candidate moving freely. Ghandos was sent a breather for five f nrlonga. Banker from tbo kennels was doing quiet exercise, finiahiug with a ronnd half pace. Mr Batty gave umberto five furlongs for a pipe oponer. Robin put in a round at a useful pace. Astrpnomor finished up somo half paco work,Rosiciacian moving along for useful work on the sand. Mr Davis sent Camerino after a mild tnrnor two a useful ronnd, Meorschaum being similarly treated. Ditto pat in long me dium work. Dulcot after a quiet round bni9hcd homo from tho 8 furlongs. Mr Sclmun sent Too. Too around for good work, Tbo Gift spinning along for half mile. Mr Connolly's two-year old Don Giovanni, The Maribyrnong colt, and Lord Chancellor brushed along in company Sor 3 fnrlongs. Orlando and Mossyfnce were sent a strong ti furlongs, Lady Asnton aud Freezcout doing some half-pace work. Mr Harper sent Uncas soitablo work. Phoebe, Tho Mary Gladstone filly, and DouglaB wero going quietly on tho Hand. Mr Campbell sent Mozart and Highland Cliiof a steady round, tho Gup candidate 1 moving along for a mile and a half for good serviceable work, the Highlander bringing him home the last live or six furlongs. Napoleon's Daughter and Blondin cantered, brushing home from tho three furlongs. Mr Jones had Llzette, Primus and General Jackson steady work ou the sand. Hippogriff and Bohemian pnt in a couple of steady rounds, striding along the last four or five furlongs. Solo and Here Goes brushed along for thrco furlongs on tbe sand. Tho stag moved along a bit the beat part of a round. Melodious cantered. Since iny last Blink Bonny and Hippogriff went a mile and a half for good strong work : the mare pulled up very dotty, and has not been seen since. Mr Hey wooil cantered and spurted Gardenia, striding homo from tho half milo. Calma did not. pnt in an appearance. Mr Rowo gavo Gratton, accompanied by Roderick Dhu strong work onco round. Beau mont, with Vandorbllt for u companion, did a ceuplc of rounds over the schoolers, jumping fairly. Mr Reed sent Grace Darling and Bonny Bell three-quarters of a mile strong, Clifton belug treated to a useful round, Tuo Ghost going steady. Mr Kclley, sent Wnrficld a spin over 5 fnr longs. Carrick, Clansman, Peeping Tom, and Freetrader finishing up somo long cantoring with half -paco work. 