?Flf.TniTigt.oTi and Caulfield Training Notes. FBt Telegraph. I MELBOURNE, Sunday. On Saturday morning operations commenced somewhat later than usual, and for some time the gallops were fast and furious. Trenton and Stomaway started off for a strong two miles, covering the journey in 3 minutes 45J seconds. Thunderbolt and Winchester then galloped the Derby distance together, recording 2 minutes 50 seconds, of which the latter round was done in 2 minutes 3d seconds, and there was little to choose between them. Velocipede also had a two-mile spin, the latter half being done in 2 minutes 51 seconds. Phillip Amrustus and Tamarisk accomnushed perhaps the best five furlongs seen for many a day, the time actually being- 1 minute 5 J seconds, and as a matter of course electri fying tho touts. Fernandez and Blairgowrie also did the Maribyrnong Plato journey in 3£ seconds more than the preceding pair. Kit Nubbles and Off Colour went a strong two miles, whilst Ringmaster, Alphabet, and First Prince bowled along two miles and a half at top speed.' Isonomy and Fust Chester made the Derby distance in 2 minutes 52 seconds; and Acme and Brigantino rattled over five furlongs, the half-mile at the latter end being done in 53 seconds. Halcyon and Essie also covered the Maribyrnong- Plate distance in splendid style, though those who watched the spin closely thought that the lastaamed had the best of it. Brown and Rose and Warwick were slipped for the Cup distance, pulling up in 3 minutes 4o| seconds, and the little mare seemed to revel in it. The next gallop to attract special notice was that in which Nordenfeldt and Uralla were the performers, and the result astonished everyone, inasmuch as the filly finished four or five lengths in front of the big- gun. Cerise and Blue and Wing went the round of tho sand track in 2 minutes 33 seconds ; and Dunlop covered the Derby distance in 2 minutes 49 seconds, the mile and a quarter marking 2 minutes 20 seconds. Crossfire and Yellow Jacket galloped a fast five furlongs, at. the conclusion of which the former had decidedly the advantage. St. John and Agita tion were sent for a'strong two miles, and Wanda and Jago went once round at three parts speed. Lord Wilton went slow on the tan track. The Israelite and Signor did a couple of useful rounds. Lord Exeter and Honevdew went a strong mile and a half, whilst Plausible executed a couple of miles at full speed. The Pencil and Arsenal did two miles in fast time, with Gasbumer to bring them home. Domocle∧ Dividend cantered five furlongs in 1 minute 8 seconds, and First Consul and Menotti bursted from end to end of the half-mile. At midday Acolyte was stripped, and started off for a two-mile gallop with Genoe. The Metropolitan winner had the outside of the sand track, and Sanders got him home in 3 minutes 46 seconds, Honeycomb joining him in die wind-up. Monday. There was a numerous attendance but little to see at Flemington this morning. Mr. Cook's Caulfield lot re turned from Brighton, and were on the track, look ing hearty and well, and of them Anglesey, Marie LouisG, Cyclops, and Remus went half-pace, but Mia Cam was lame, and was sent back to the sheds The rest of the team worked inside the course. Kit Nubbles had long slow work inside tho course. Liver pool went at half -pace for a round, and Doncaster did a couple of circles at medium speed, finishing fast. St. OdUle, V.C., and Harmony were all doing half-pace work. Thunderbolt and Winchester were sent a couple of improving rounds, and Chuckstor was given long sweating woriL Velocipede was out for a fast two miles, doing the hut round in 2min. 3o|sec. ; whilst Vanguard went half speed. Warwick began slow, and wound up with a smart brush home; and Signor and Warwick did a couple of medium rounds. Trenton and Impulse worked in company, covering the round in 2min. 34sec.; and Acme and Brigan tine cantered and spurted. Wing and Cerise and Blue did a couple of rounds on the sandtrack, the hist six furlongs at full speed, recording lmin. 23sec. Phaon and Chesham went a fast five furlongs; and Prince Imperial and Ravens worth strode along at .three-quarter speed. Lord Wilton bowled along tho tan, doing the mile in lmin. 51£&ec.; Dun lop and Dirk Hatteraick, after working slow, brushed home with a five-furlong gallop, and Belmont did a round at three-quarters speed. Nordenfeldt, Despot, Uralla, Tenipe, and Percussion all cantered. Tom Brown put in a couple of medium rounds, Isonomy going slow. Plausible and Arsenal went at three-quarters pace on the tan, and Lord Exeter was similarly employed on the sand. Honeydew wound up the morning's work with a spurt, and Ragman did a fast round. Stomaway and Agatha did good work, as alao All Black. Lavington sweated, going three times round, and The Agent, with St. John, wore rattled along, both pulling their heads off. Welcome Jack, Acolyte, and St. Lawrence did medium work inside the course, and First Consul and Damocles went half -pace. Aristides did a fast half-inilo. Tuesday. Tuesday, being so near the Derby, it was only natural that the attendance at Flemington should be above tho ordinary dimensions. Not to miss any of the expected good things that were likely to come off, a fair sprink ling of the regular habitues were at their posts before daybreak. Very soon the ball was sot rolling merrily, and for an hour or more gallop upon gallop succeeded sharply on each other. Kit Nubbles commenced, with Off Colour for a companion. The Cup distance was the task of the game and fast hurdleracer, and the first 5 furlongs were covered in 1 minute 8f seconds. The round was done in 2 minutes 34$ seconds, and the entire journey in 3 minutes 44J seconds. To all appearances Kit Nubbks had the weight up. Ringmaster and Alphabet were next observed doing a round on the sand, but they were not fully extended, the circle taking 2 minutes 41 seconds. First Prince and Waiting Maid went at three-quarter pace and brushed home. fast. Remus went a strong round* Anglesey and Cyclops doing about the same ; while Royal Maid recorded 1 minute 22 J seconds for the hut six fur longs of Hob round. Cliuckster and Denmark (Rob ertson on the former) started off for a mile and 'half. At tko _ latter end the steoplechaser had tailed off, the time of tho winner being 2 minutes 50f seconds Thunderbolt (with Power up) and Winchester galloped two miles, but the pace was very mixed, and was no criterion whatever, but rather some what of a poser tor the touts. Perhaps the best five furlongs spin of the morning was done by Blairgowrie and Fernandez, the former of whom marked 1 minute 5J seconds for tho distance. Signor and Israelite were sent round on the sand track in 2 minutes 37 seconds ; and Middle-march bowled along on the same track. Uralla went by herself, doing the round in 2 minutes 34 seconds.' Dunlop covering the same journey in half a second more. Brown and Rose and Warwick negotiated a couple of fast miles. Liverpool was similarly employed, Vanguard winding up with him, though the time for over half the dis tance was anything but brilliant. Cerise and Bine and Wins* also galloped two miles, at the end of which the horse had been beaten off. Phaon and Chesham did medium work. Philip Augustus sad Tamarisk went for a fast five fudongs. Acolyte was accompanied by Rebus at the commencement of hie galop, Femlea joining m at the tail end, end the round was done m 2 minutes 35 seconds. Prince Imperial galloped round the sand track in 2 minutes 36} seconds, moving with all his tM smoothness, but he pulled up a bit lame. Acme and Brigantine were slipped over five furlongs, which they made m 1 minute 7 seconds. Bon Bon and Allander strode round the tan track, and Tom Brown on the outer track went at three- quarter pace, winding up a fast spin for six furlongs. In the interval Stomaway was observed on the inside course, where he worked strongly with Medea and Agjirha. First Chester, Isonomy (in his hood), and another covered a mfle and a half round sand in 2 minutes 52 seconds and Eeknontand Fusee had a strong gallop. All eyes were - next directed to Nordenfeldt (Ellis up), Tempe, and Per cussion, as thdy came up at the lower sheds. The appointed journey was the Derby distance, and the trio struck off together. Six furlongs were accomplished in 1 minute 23 seconds ; soon after which Percussion retired. The Derby favourite then kept pounding along with the mare sticking to him, and the round was recorded in 2 minntes 34J seconds, the mile and a-half being made hi 2 minutes 49 seconds. For the hitter part of the gallop Ellis appeared to be doing hard driving work on the colt. This flutter over, Crossfire and Yellow Jacket went for five furlongs in 1 minute 6 seconds, or the half mile in 52 seconds. , The Agent strode twice round the tan track, and Plausible had a couple of good useful miles on the sand track. Despot did a rattling mile and a half in 2 minutes 46 seconds, and the round in 2 minutes 31£ seconds, without doubt the most genuine gallop of the morning. Lord Exeter was on the sand for a two miles gallop, of which the hist round took 2 minutes 38 seconds. St. Lawrence did moderate work. Lantern and Lavington went a fast mile, before the finish of which the last named cut it. Lord Wilton moved slowly round the tan, and Honeydew was employed the same way inside the course. Arsenal and Gasbumer started off for a mile and a half, recording the following times :— Six furlongs, 1 minute 24£ seconds ; mile and a quarter, 2 minutes 22 J seconds ; the round, 2 minutes 35£ seconds; the hist half-mile, 56 J seconds; and the whole journey, 2 minutes 49£ seconds. St. John and Agitation next claimed attention, two miles being their mission. The early part was anything but fast; but the pace improved as they went on, and when Agitation beat a retreat Jocular took her place, and wound up -with the Cup horse. The first round was done in 2 minutes 37 seconds, and the lost in 2 minutes 32£ seconds, the total two miles * being done in 3 minutes 48j- seconds, with 2 minutes 51 seconds for the last mile. Kenneth, St. Paul, and Dividend brushed home fast. Some disappointment was occasioned through Trentonnot peeling off. The New' Zealanderwasontbe ground as early as C o'clock; but upto breakfast time had not taken the track. Damocles and First Consul galloped a fast five furlong* in 1 minute 9 seconds, the half mile being done in 54£ seconds. Subsequently the straight five furlongs on the course was opened for the accommodation of the Maribyrnong Plate candidates. First Consul, Damocles, Upopa, and Anita had a preliminary ; while Trojan ran clean away from Maddelina, Alpha, and Repose, in 1 minute 5| seconds. Halcyon and Essie also went 5 furlongs in 1 minute 7£ seconds. * In the afternoon Trenton » was down and sweated twice round the sand, whilst Brigand had three strong rounds on the tan. Wednesday. After Tuesday's brilliant round of galloping it could scarcely be expected that much strong work would be done on the training ground this morning. A little before 5 o'clock Lesbia commenced opera tions with medium work, and was followed in the same way by Mrs. Jarley, Chatsworth, Egbert, Wymoric, and Royal Maid at intervals. Then Remus, Mainsail, and Port Bonheur went inside the course, the first-named going at three-parts speed, whilst the others cantered. An glesey and Cyclops then went on to the sand, and started off at the six furlongs post. Almost from Hie beginning the son of St. Albans was having the best of it, and at five furlongs he was leading a length. Time, 1 minute 6| seconds, marking the mile in 1 minute 50 seconds, when Marie Louise joined in. The mile and a quarter was covered in 2 minutes 17£ seconds, and the round in 2 minutes 30J seconds, whilst the mile and half and two miles recorded 2.45 and 3.42. This was a splendid performance, it will be admitted, though it must be explained that the colt had his shoes off. Thunderbolt and Winchester went a fast mile and a-half, doing the round in 2 minutes 34 seconds. Blairgowrie, Chesham Fernandez, Doncaster, and Halcyon all exercised ; after which Velocipede was noticed doing a couple of miles on the sand, accomplishing the round in 2 minutes 34 seconds. Kit Nubbles had a good sweat on the tan. Trenton and Impulse went a fast round ; and Liverpool, running away from Phaon when the pace improved, finished up with a useful 2 miles, in first-rate style. Lord Wilton and the Bishop had striding work, whilst First Chester, Jago, Vanguard, Brown and Rose, Warwick, Moonshee, and Anchorite periodically cantered slowly round the tan. Nordenfeldt, Uralla, Despot, Tempe, Acme, Philip Augustus, andodiers of Mr. White's team were re stricted to cantering. Tom Brown and Wingdid throe-fourths pace work, and Israelite and Signor went twice round at half -speed. Stomaway and Agatha had a couple of useful rounds, and were succeeded by Dunlop and Dirk Hatte raick . for a mile, which was covered in 1.51. Jocular and Agitation executed a fast round on the sand, and Ringmaster cantered twice round, followed by Off Colour and First Prince. Plausible moved slowly inside the course. Honeydew and Comet covered a mile and a-half at a fast rate. The lost gallop of conse quence fell to the credit of St. John, who started off with The Agent ; but the latter was soon in difficulties, and th6 Cup horse accomplished a mile and a-quarter, which was the task set him, in 2 minutes 15£ seconds, decidedly the most brilliant mile and a-quarter ever done on the sand track at Flemington. The straight five furlongs was sub sequently opened ; but Damocles and TJtopa were the only ones who spurted. The remainder of tho youngsters only exercised. Thursday. A very large crowd assembled this morning soon after daylight to witness the wind-up gallops for the Derby and ? Maribyrnong Plate; and, although the work done did not approach the brilliancy or rapid continuance of Tuesday morning, some interesting gallops were provided for ike delectation of the touts. The morning's work was commenced by Metal and Hilltop, who went a round in 2 minutes 32 seconds— or rather the former did, Hilltop soon being out of it Remus and Cyclops ran a fast mile and a-half, of which the last round was covered in 2 minutes 34J seconds; Cyclops was pulled off at the five furlongs post, and Marie touise came home with Remus. Thunderbolt and Winchester went slowly twice round tho sand track, and the touts were greatly disappointed at not seeing the Derbv favourite do a strong gallop. Chuckster started off with Essie for a good mile and a-half, the filly retiring at five furlongs, with 1 minute 7 seconds, when Denmark wound up, and the mile and a-half was covered in 2 minutes 48f seconds. Phillip Augustus and Acme had a mission of five furlongs. The gallop was a rattling good one on the part of the filly, who recorded ' 52 seconds for half a mile, or 1 minute 5* seconds for the entire distance, ibe colt having been beaten off. Liverpool then took ihe track with Islander for a companion, for a two-mile gallop, giving abundance of employment for the watcher. The first half-mile was done in 54 seconds ; five furlongs in 1 minute 8 seconds ; six fur longs in 1 minute 22 seconds; a mile and furlong 2 minutes 6 seconds; a mile and a-quarter in 2 minutes 20 seconds ; the round in 2 minutes 34 seconds, and the mfle and a-half in 2 minutes 43 seconds, at which point Vanguard took the place of Islander, when a mile and three-quarters was 3 minutes 43 seconds. First Chester, after cantering, was jomed by Isonomy in sweaters, and the pair went one© round at a variable pace. Cerise and Blue and Win* galloped round tha sand track in 2 minutes 34 seconds, and UraUa went the same journey by herself, skimming over six: furlongs in 1 minute 23 seconds, and the circle in 2 nunutes 32 seconds. Trenton worked inside the course with Stomaway and Agatha, doing a couple of miles in 3 minutes 65 seconds. Nor denfeldt covered a round very neatly in 2 minutes 32 seconds, the last seven furlongs being done in 1 minute 38 ae?B1?8A Tbea IFaelite ?»* Signor also negotiated a round of flie sand in 2 nunutes 32 seconds, whilst Brigaa tme and Tamansk did a rattling good five furlong! in 1 nunute 6 seconds. Acolyte and Rebus started off together, the former subsequently dropping out, when Femlea finished a gallop of about two miles. Off Colour went aboat the same distance, accompanied by Kit Nubbles, the latter ojstanguishmg himself ; and they were followed by Tom Brown, who did the last mile of his task in 1 minutes 511 seconds. Despot only spurted for six furlongs, and Lavmgton and Lantern were sent a fast round, Middle march being bowled along the tan gallop. Yellow Jacket, Crossfire, and Halcyon brushed home for a spin of fira furlongs, at the end of which tiv- former had decidedly the worst of it. ~ Plausible strode steadily round the sand track, whilst St. 'Lawrence and Honeycomb went &e; circle at three parts pace. Now some excitement was worked up by the brillianO'style in which Dunlop went a round on the sand track, for after losing Antonio, who had been sent out with him, the Derby favourite completed his task in 2 minutes 31} seconds, a performance that completely satisfied certain of the onlookers as they left the ground in great spirits at the Saturday's result. Ring master and Alphabet then had a strong round, and The Agent rattled thrice round the tan. Lord Wilton did three-parts pace wort, and Brown and Rose, Warwick, and Lord Exeter started off for a mile and a-half spin, in which the Cup mare showed to the most advantage, record ing' the round in 2 minutes 33 seconds, and the last mile in 1 minute 63 seconds. Anchorite galloped round on the tan, and Belmont and Fuse had an improving round on the main tuck. 'Waiting Maid and First Prince cantered and came home fast, whilst Dnrataon ^spurted five fnrlongs with De rision, after going steadily, twice round. St. John and Agitation ran two miles in 3 minutes 44J eeconds. The straight five furlongs wm subsequently opened, and the first pair thereon were Damocles and Utopia, who did a' smart finish. Lemi then defeated Telephone and Micawber in 1 minute 8 seconds, and Mainsail was the superior of Aspramonte in the same time ; whilst Blair gowrie finished in front of Fernandez in a fraction Ies6 time. CAULFIELD, 'Wednesday. Work was commenced soon after 5 o'clock yesterday morning. Bosworth and Cluny were the first beginners, and went a strong gallop, being subsequently joined by Real Jam. Lady Ashton cantered once round, and then was extended for another circle. Don Giovanni and Lord Chancellor went a strong five furlongs, the last half-mile being covered in 52| seconds. Kingship, accompanied by Bonny Bee, galloped a brisk mile in good time. Trishna had a five furlongs spin at full speed, doing the last three furlongs in 39 seconds. Gasafier worked strong, and Parody ana Sparkle galloped a mile. Camerine cantered, and then started off with Manxman over fi\c furlongs ; after which tho mare went on by herself, and did the round in good style. Mozart ap peared for the first time since the Caulfield Cup accident, and was sent for a strong inile and a-half, covering the round in 2 minutes 24 seconds, and the last six furlongs in 1 minute 21 J seconds. Mountain Lass and Albanus went at a smart rate over a ? mile, and General Jackson, along with Waverley, . did two miles of strong work on the sand track Blink Bonny and Hippogriff after cantering went at an improved pace, Melodious had Bomo smart pace exercise accorded him, Dulcet spurted for four furlonga, Lizette bowled along the sand at a strong pace for a mile and a-half , and Robin and Louis also worked on the sand track. Umberto cantered, and then struck out for a nice extender of a mile. Astronomer cantered and then joined Master Pinetop once round for a fast spin. Land 0 went for a strong mile, and the steeplechaser Stag gal loped three miles. Bohemian cantered, and Plympton, Master John, and Distiller worked in company once round. Phoebe Walton and Douglas had a fast half mile together, when the latter did a mile and a-quarter by himself. Mabel Gray galloped for five furlongs. Louise Berta and Hera Goes cantered to commence with, when they were slipped for a fast five furlongs. Grace Darling cantered about a mile, when she was given her head and did a mile and three-quarters, moving strongly and negotiating the last six furlongs in 1 minute 21£ seconds. The Ghost, Nuncio, and Gadfly cantered, and. wound up with a fast five furlongs, Clelia also spurting for half-a-mile. 