Flotsam and Jetsam. A Ghost at the Bottom of a Well. WASHAKIE, W.T., is not much of a-place for high buildings, church steeples, or anything that sticks up in the air; but when it comes to going the other way it can show an unusually big and deep hole in the ground in the shape of a well. The Union Pacific Railway Com pany's well for supplying locomotives with water is 1250 ft deep and. about 10ft across. Near the middle a steam pump is located, with a pipe running to the pump-house. At every 20ft is a floor or platform just big enough to place a ladder on and have room to turn round. The ladders are very common and unhandy, and after you have gone down two or three ladders it gets dark enough to bring on a chill, making it neces sary to feel your way the balance of the dis tance, and do it in a pretty good shape at that Every two or three days something gets the matter with the pump, and tho pumpman, after going through the regular swearing pro gramme, spits on his hands and goes down. Ono day I just got sight of the fellow's hat as he was going down, and I thought I might as well follow suit, which I did keeping about two ladders behind. Pretty soon I heard his No. ll's strike the last floor, so I went on down to the top of the last ladder and remained standing on the round waiting for him to light the candle, but as it happened the matches were all wet, and he had to come to the surface for a light. As he came feeling along for the rounds of the ladder in the dark, he happened to catch hold of one of my alabaster limbs. lat once saw that he was frightfully surprised, and as I had been carry ing one of the phosphate skulls that resemble false fire in the dark, to scare him with, I thought now would be the time to. use it. And I let him have a glimpse of the skulL He backed down the ladder hve or six rounds to get away, but remembering that the well had a bottom to it, stopped. If you ever saw a ladder shake, that one did. Pretty soon I heard something go "ugh!" and strike the floor like a trunk from a baggage-car. Then I felt sick at the stomach and climbed oat, I hung around the well-top, waiting for him to show up, until I was afraid he had dug through the bottom of the well, or perhaps failed to recover, but just as I was about to get scared, out he came, worn, pale, and limp. When I questioned him, he told me he had the most awful fight with a ghost that I ever read about; he said its legs were big as an elephant's, and stood right on the ladder, so that he couldn't pass until he knocked it off with a monkey wrench. — Correspondence St. Louis CUobe- Democrat. 