Maori land. Tho directors of tho Union Steam Ship Company of New Zealand, recognising that without a reliable guide many of the pleasures of travel are unattainable, and many points of interest are overlooked, havo issued an illus trated handbook to New Zoaland under tho title of JlfaorffaTirf Tho objootn of the work aro stated to be "to enable the visitor to New Zealand to understand what places and things are most worth seeing, and how best to see them ; and to supply the visitor who has seen tho most noteworthy sights of tho colony with a description faithful enough to recall to his mind those places with which ho lias been moat impressed and to revive hio improssionB." A careful perusal of tho book enables uh to say that it will fulfil its design in an eminently satisfactory degree. The information supplied is minutely ac curate, tho descriptions aro faithful, and tho explanations as to routes of travel are clear aud intelligible; in fact, .as a guide book it amply fulfils all reasonable require ment, Tho descriptions have ono particular merit, they are iu no iustunco over colored : and the realisation will in every cose bo found to far exceed tho oxpoctatloca raised by tho representations contained in the handbook. Amongst tho inuumorublc objocta of interest and places worth visiting in New Zealand, some havo noccasarily bvcn passed over with scant recognition, bo that llio obser vant traveller will constantly encounter many things to oxclto his astonishment and admir ation that aro but cursorily mentioned iu tho guide book, or aro altogether omitted. Tho book opens with a brief account of tho dis covery aud colonisation of New Zealand, to gether with a sketch of tho Maori traditions relating to the immigration of that race to tho Ulnnd. The reader is then con ducted from tho Bluff (Campbelltown), tho first port touched at after leaving Melbourne, to tho thriving town of InvcrcargU), IS mllos distant, and thence to the Lake district, whero lovers of tho picturesque could spend a lifetime. From the lakes the routo leads to Dunedin, a busy and populous city, the street architecture of which will surprise the visitor by its bcnuty and elaboration. Oarnaru and Tirnarn, (two thriving seaport towns, arc touched at on tho way to Oliristchurch, tho in tervening country and the branching ex currions routes being minutely describe From Timaru, the famous New Zealand Alp inoiuding Mount Cook, may be reach# as well us tho lakes Tekapo, Pukci and Ohau. Passing through Ashbutm tho visitor is conducted to Christchp-'b. another thriving and mpulous citv, jom Christchurch the traveller is taken ecrotfthe island to Hokitika, through soma of the grandest mountain passes iu the world, nnJrom thence ho may visit Groymouth and Woport, on tho west coast. ChrUtchurch also/orras tho point of departure for Blcnheitn/icton and Nelson (denominated locally feleepy Hollow"), ono of the prettiest and mostioalthy towns ou tho face of the globe. Jn the voyage from Plcton to Nelson and vctm, the famous French Pass iu throaclo by tbu steamer. The portion of tho boo dealing with the South Tslnnd concludes rib a com prehensive description of tho \tt Const Sounds, culminating in tho sublimely impressive Milfurd Sound, .'he book commences the tour of tho North Is land at Auckland, n city beautifully situatod on tho shores of the jauraki Gulf, which many persons consider wv hear favor- ablo comparison with tho juch vaunted Sydney Harbor. From Aucklud many ex cursions arc possible; to tin- hot springs at Waiwura. to Knwsu, tho isljd residence of Sir George Groy ; to tho BayM JBlnnds, and to the famous Hot Lako Diriiot. Tito visitor is then conducted rapidly ;o Nnpfor, Gis- borne, Wanipinui, Taranakiand Wellington, whore, having reached tbe olitic.nl capital of the colony, the tour cncL, Several excellent maps arc included in th? boo;, upon which tho various routes aro dltlnctly delineated. Theru are also some twenf engravings, which, if not executed in the ), ghost style of art, are of moro than averag accuracy. 