5?hs Ghost of the ' Territorial Separationist. ' 'We havo much pleasure in reproducing' the ?following extract from the Territorial Separa tions' of tho Cth instant, which, S3 its name implies, is a paper entertaining somewhat imaginative views on general subjects. On the congenial one of ghosts it is, as will be seen, at its best : — 'From time to time we hear of apparitions Being seen in different parts of tho country, 'but as a rulo wo are inclined to treat them in a Tery sceptical manner, and to attribute tlieir appearance in this mundane sphere to close communion with Jim Hennessy, or other kin dred spirits. In the present instance, however, .so one would for a momoat even insinuate that the parties whoso names we shall presently dis close hr.va cvor rhc-m any partiality for spirits, ardent, or otherwise. ' The facta are shortly these : — Mr. Caven 3ifih Liardethadoooasion, in the beginningof tho 'wee-k, to atarc in company with Constable Griffin in pursuit of some men who had helped themselves to a portion of the effects of the IKnllti hut, which is sitn-ited on Norloy run, a few miles from town. The first night they reaohod Cheahunt, another out stfilion, about thirty miles further on. At this placo stands a very old dilapidated lint, doubtless erected (judging from the port holes iu the sides) when the blacks were more troublesome than now. There they made up their minds to stay for tho night. After turn ing out thoir horLCB thoy repaired to tho hut and took possession. Mr. Liardet forthwith proe?s-ded to get ready their frugal meal. \VU :1.-' engaged, a great commotion 'R9 heard amongst the horses outside ; but neither Sir. Xjiardet nor the constable oould find out the c.'iuse ' of the alarm. They returned, nnd about. 10 p.m., while Mr. Liardot wai busily ensntredkneadinprthe ' Johnny cake.'.' suddenly -£b' nlfl chimney fell in with a crash, and almost simultaneously tho door was smashed in, tho stool close by overturned, and Mr. Liird et and Ais companion observed a weird-like object beaiiug a husly reL'eat. They at onto started in pursuit; and judge their horror when they saw suinethiug in apparently human form with ?a bullook-hide, with tlie ears -attached for a ?covering, and a. necklace of' what appeared to bn hobble chains. They felt certain from the lithe movement of tho figure that it was not of this terrestrial sphere. They ?watohed it at u respectful distanco, Mr. Liardet, addro'wiog it in several Continental languages, whilo Ma companion in stentorian, Hibernian tones challenged it in the ordinary policc vernacular. To all this, doubtless through the want of the usual introduction, the ghoot turned a deaf ear, and the constab'e, though armed, had suoh ptofound respect for the supernatural that he did not fire, but allowed it to move noiselessly away, with lightning- like speed, towards the creek, where the green-eyed (green-liide) monster got into a punt, and quickly reachod the othor side, vanishing into space, leaving Mr. Liardet and his companion panic stricken on the opposite side. After somo time they regained thoir equanimity, and repaired to the hut very inncli agitated. Thoir appetites had left them, Mr. Xiardet's 'Johnny cakes ' remained dough, and they lay down, not to sh op, but perchanoe to dre/im of the ho'-id eight ♦hnv had witnessed. ' We give this story for what it is worth, but ?we may remark that' Wr. Liardpt. and tho constable (two most veracious individuals) aro profound beliovors in its truth.' 