NO ALTERNATIVE. BY THE AUTHOR OF 'DENIS DONNE,' &C; CHAPTER X. — WELL MET ! Harry left all hope behind her when she witnessed that recognition. The man who was bound up by his union with her mother, with her fate, was the same one who had driven that wretched boy to a dishonourable death in order to avoid living a dishonoured life. There could be no doubt about it How should she ever lace Jack Ferrier again ? To her intense surprise, neidier her mother nor Mabel betrayed much emotion when Mr. Devenish delivered himself of the excited in quiry as to what devil had raised die ghost of young Frank Archer. Though he had fallen back faint, shocked, exhausted, they bore the spectacle with their customary affectionate anxiety, about him truly, bnt with no manner of amazement or curoisity expressed in their manner. They at least, Harty felt with a throb of intense relief, were innocent of the great offence of knowing or suspecting aught of the worse parts 'of Mr. Devenish's delinquences. If diey had been cherishing him in spite of that knowledge, Harty would have found it hard to forgive them. ' I might have been sure it was your wish,'' be said presently, with a snarl. ' If I am to hear anything unpleasant, you're always ready to be die medium of communication ; I If am to see anything disagreeable, you are always ready to play the part of show-woman. I sup pose Claude Powers, with his customary good feeling, made you show me diis by way of re calling happy memories of a man who was the cause of my downfall. ' Harty shivered dirough her whole soul, and her judgment was swayed about most cruelly. Should she keep the peace for her mother's sake ? or should she, for the sake of fair justice, denounce and expose the machinations, the murderous duplicity, the misrepresentations, and the false pretences of the man who hurled bitter accusations at every one else without compunction ? No ; she could not do diis latter thing. It was not demanded of her that she should do it His guardian angel, as she had called her mother on a former occasion, stood between -him and vengeance now. So, picking up die locket with a gesture of tender pathos, she said : '* Claude Powers does not even know that I have it. This poor fellow's half-brother, Mr, Ferrier, was showing it to me to-day, and tell ing me the story of the boy's wretched death ; and in die excitment of my pity and — horror — I forgot to return it to him.' ' Mr. Ferrier ! his half-brodier ! telling you the story of— of Frank Archer's death !'' Mr. Devenish stammered out. And as he spoke he grew pale with die waxen, sickly pallor of a white ivy leaf, and for the first time Hariy pitied him ! Really pitied him for that self-abasement of his which had ruined his life, and more thau probably destroyed her happiness. ' He feels that I know all about it.' the girl ilix-.ghl. ' How sorry I am that he has been unkind to me, because it mast hurt him all the more, diat I should know i*, and how can I make him understand that I'm not scorpion enough to sting him for all that ?' '* Yes,' she said aloud, speaking very sadly, and striving at the same time to make her eyes speak diis trudi to Mr. Devenish, that he need have no fear of her using her recently acpuired knowledge against him, ' yes ; Mr. Ferrier told me the story, and I hope with all my heart that I may never hear mention made of it again.' ' Amen to that,' Mr. Devenish muttered, with a sigh of relief, and a shade of the livid hue crept off his face, as his spirit strengthened within him. ' I knew that young fellow at a period of my life which I certainly have no particular pleasure in recalling ; therefore, ii .you'll put that trinket out of my sight, an-! kindly avoid the topic, I shall hare reason to be obliged to you for once, Harry, and shal' be inclined to believe that you are really noi quite destitute of feeling for me.' It was an ungracious form of words, an irritatingly grudging acceptance of her gene rosity, but for once Harty was not irritated by him. For she had watched his eyes while h. spoke, and had read in them truly that he wa acting a part of distrust against and dislike to her now. There was gratitude, trust, adtnir ation almost expressed in his eyes, and she realised that in this victory which she had achieved widi a struggle over her own youno burning spirit, she had achieved one over his broken, and possibly contrite heart also. ' ' Let the dead past bury its dead,' ' she said, reassuringly, and then she took the locke' away with a good deal of solemnity in hei heart and manner, and packed it up to be re turned with a civil note to Jack Ferrier, a note so civil, meaningless, cool, and altogether un like herself, that she could but feel sure ii would chill him off from her effectually. 'I can never tell him the truth, I could never bear to see what he would feel when he knew it ; for if Claude is compelled to be in exorable, what would Tack Ferrier be? and so I won't let him like me any longer. He'd hate himself for the weakness when he found out whom he had been liking.' So she mentally resolved to have done with Jack Ferrier's friendship for ever. For she had given her bond to Mr. Devenish that she would never betray him. never render up a secret which disclosed would surely bring down a ? heavier weight of obloquy on his bowed, humbled head. And she could not bear the continual constraint of being on guard agains1 herself,' of being reserved with one of tht freest and frankest of her fellow creatures — of finally feeling that he was receding from her, because he had found her out. She could no) bear diis, she could not bear die contemplated possibility of it. Therefore she mentally re linquished the friendship even, which was fast becoming precious toiler. The leverage power which moved her to do it, meanwhile, was fast relapsing into his normal condition. As soon, indeed, as the influence of her personal graciousness was no longer upon him, Mr. Devenish 'was himseu again, \- 'I wish you-would .-prevent that girl of yours running wild in the way she does,' he said querulously to. his wife, who was just pre maturely congratulating herself on the turn things had taken between the belligerents ;' ' this Mr. Ferrier who lends her his lockets, is hardly the sort of man I should choose to cast a daughter ot mine adrift with.' {To be Continued. 1 