JrjNion.CuT. The contest for theM'Quode Cup and Medals, commenced on the 7th instant between the Clifton and Waverley Mechanics' Clubs, was concluded on Saturday last on the Agricultural Society's Ground, the Clifton winning by two wickets and two runs. The scores were Clifton, first innings, 70 ; second innings, eight wickets for 84 runs. For Clifton, Robinson scored 21, and A. Smith 16. For the Waverley Mechanics, who made 74 in their first, and 78 in their second innings, Holdsworth with 36, Young 21, Mills with 12 each innings, and Bennett with 10 were the principal contributors. The Croydon and Rugby Clubs also met on the Agricultural Society's Ground on Saturday. In their first innings Rugby scored 99 of which number Hillier made 31, Steel 25, A. McCoy 18, and Martin 10. Croydon responded with 93, M'Carthy 22, O'Hara 19. Egan 18, and Fighting being the principal scorers. In their second effort Rugby put together 102, R. M'Coy making 32, A. M'Coy 26, and Curnow 13. For Rugby, Colbran and McCoy bowled well, while Carroll and Egan did good service with the ball for the Croydon. The Croydon have 199 runs to make in order to win. The Carthona oney Newtown Clubs met at Rushcutter's Bay on Saturday last. The Newtowns, who went in first, made 98, of which number Freeman contributed 29, Now march 20 not out, Farnsworth 13, all playing well for their rims. When the stumps were drawn for the day Carthona had scored 102 for the loss of one wicket. Robinson made 62 not out by splendid cricket, while Whiting's 46 were also put together by first-class play. Ford, one of the most promising wicket- keepers in the colony, performed his work in the most creditable manner, and the fielding all round of the Carthonas was very smart. Next Saturday the Carthonas will meet the Kent on the Rushcutter's Bay wicket. The meeting of the Oriental and Surry United Clubs for the McQuade Cup attracted a good attendance to the Agricultural Society's ground. The game' was watched with considerable interest, and was chiefly remarkable for the extraordinary collapse of the Oriental batsmen, who" offered very feeble resistance to the bowling of Thomson and Gosnell. Austin was the only one who offered any opposition, and it must be said his 30 (not out) was a capital display of batting. Searle behind the wickets was most expert, his dismissal of Dorman being exceedingly smart the ball, which was outside the batsman's legs, being handled most dexterously. The fielding of the Surrys was very good. The Surrys have lost three wickets for 17 runs-. 'Owing to the trotting meeting on the ground next Saturday, there will be no matches played, there on that day. Appended are the scores : M'Carney, b Thomson Trades, c and b Gosnell 11 SauuaU) <t Searle b Thom- son. 0 Luland, c Searle b Gosnell... 3 Patrick, b Thomson. 4 Austin, not out 38 K. A. Ironside, run out ... 6 Subbt, Gelding, is Thomson ... 0 Fraser, b Brewster b Gosnell If Warren, run out 15 Irwin, b Newcombe. 0 Sundries 2 Total ." ... _. 80 Croker, thrown out M'Crae 4 W. Brewster, c Ironside b) Donnan Wilson, not out . S R. Brewster, b Golding Cottom, not out 8 wickets for ." Carlton v. Parramatta Airedale match was played on Saturday between these clubs, on the ground of the latter. C. Bannerman captained the Carlton team, and was successful against T. Booker in tossing for choice of innings, and as the wickets looked splendid (and indeed proved so he sent his brother and Nunn to commence proceedings. Mnybury's fourth ball proved too good for the latter, and he retired with the obnoxious duck's egg opposite his name. Mair assisted A. Bannerman to bring the score up to 33, when he was smartly caught in the slips by Brodie. C. Bannerman followed, but Aleck's time soon came, being bowled by a shooter from Bennett Turner then partnered his captain, and the field were kept unusually busy while the former totted up 19, and then retired, caught and bowled. Leary and C. Bannerman made the stand of the day ; both played sterling cricket, causing change after change of the bowling, until Leary, in his eagerness to make a big hit. lost his wicket, Barton and Elliott mode 10 and 7 respectively. Geary came next, and with Charley Bannerman played out time; the score then standing at 7 wickets for 244 runs. C. Bannerman's score consisted of 4 fours, 17 threes, 7 twos, and the rest singles, and in the compilation of these figures only two chances can be urged against him, one to the wicket-keeper, in the first part of his feelings and the other to short slip after he had completed the century; andthÎBinnings,following as it does one of 108 not out, mails a month ago, tends to show the batting form he must be injustice: some of the dashing drives he made on Saturday would contrast favourably with similar strokes of his six or seven years back. Leary, A. Bannerman, Marr, Turner, and Geary, all deserve a word of praise for their contributions. Maybury appeared to give the bats- men the most trouble, and kept well on the spot with a good length all the afternoon. The fielding was pretty good, Schwartzkoff notably so. After play had ceased, a good many of the Carlton team enjoyed the hospitality of Mr. James Toohey, M.P., at the Woolpack Hotel, where was an enjoyable evening. The time was spent in hearing songs and recitations. Champagne was ordered in and the health of Mr. Toohey was drunk in bunkers to which that gentleman suitably replied,. Appended are the scores and bowing analysis : . Carlton Innings. A. C Bannerman, oBannott 20 v F. J. Barton, c Docker, b T- Nunn, c Maybury 0 A. P. ManvOjBiodio.oSIay bury, .,. 20 O. Bannerman, not out . . 100 J. T. B, Turner, c and, U Power; 10 J.Leary,!)Cowper 35 Bennett F. Elliott, c Maybury A. Geary, not out, 2.. Sundries i 2 2 Total for 7 wickets .,. 244 wary, b Cowper 35 I Bowling Aiurfyius-Maybury» 102 balls, 26,. runs.. 6 toasted overs, 3 wickets Power, 60 balls, 38. runs; S malckn^overs, 1 wicket; Bennett. 114 balls. 38 runs, 2-5sec" "'^'"mTicT*' Brodie, 30 hills, 31 rang; Upon, 00 but I, ferries. 1 ma dear Ever, Cowper, 30 balls, 17 runs, I wicket ; Schwartzkoff, 15 balls, 6 runs I maiden over. " _,, " j"^_> CoNsERVATIVE T. EASTERN SUBURBS. The tWO days match between these clubs was brought to a conclusion on Saturday, the result being an ignominious defeat of the former by 4 wickets and two runs. The «sT1T? f8'?1* may be in some degree attributed to the fact that the brothers Adams and Spurway (the mainstay in the bowling department) were absent. The fielding and bowling of the Conservatives was simply execrable, chance after chance being dropped. Ferris played spiritedly for his runs. Giles, Daly, McDowall, and S. Wallis were also in good faith with the bat. Scores : CoHSEaVATIVE. First innings ." .... .??.164 Basil alf Suburbs. First Innings. J. D_y,"c and Evers 2-28 G. Ord, c W. Alderson, a Lovett . AT. M'Crae, not out. Sundries. 6 wickets for 31 W. McDowall, b Lovett J Giles, c Bradley, b P. Alderson A" B. Wallis, c P. Alderson, b Mooney 32 J. Ferris, not out 87 K. Daly, c W. Alderson, b Lovett 55 Warwick C. C. v. 13 on Como C. C. - A match between the above clubs took place last Saturday on Wentworth Park, and as usual with one-day contests resulted in a draw, the Corio representatives totaling 117 runs as against 74 for the loss of three Warwick wickets. The feature of the game was the fine bowling of Spurway, who secured nine Corio wickets for 33 runs. For the Warwicks, A. GHOST?! Davis, and G. Tooher compiled their totals in good style, white Dummett and Austin showed by far the best cricket for the other side. Como C. C. J. Smith, of M'Donald, b Spurway Sullivan, b Downes 10 Dummett, b Spurway 88 Cowper, . Macdonald, b Spurway. 18 Burton, st Kelly, b G. Tooher . S Cameron, a J. Tooher, b Ogilvy . 9 Sweetman, labors. b Spur- way. '. 8 Hickey, c and b Spurway Austin, c and b Spurway ... AVoollncott, b Spurway W Smith, c Gregory, b Spurway . McGrath, not out. P. Burton, b Spurway ... Sundries'. Total Warwick C. C. J. Davis, c Dummett, b Sweetman. 20 G. Tooher, c Burton, b Sullivan 10 A. Gregory, not out 29 E. Seale, b Sweetman J. Spurn ay, not out For three wickets ... V Downes, 84 balls, 43 runs, 1 maiden over, 1 wicket; Ogilvy, 81 balls, 18 runs, 6 maiden overs, 1 wicket ; Spurway, 98 balls, 83 runs, 2 maiden overs, 6 wickets A G. Tooher, 36 balls, 10 runs, 1 cricket. - . i Emeriti v. Carrington, played at Ashfield, and won by the former by 81 runs. For the Emeriti, M. Mac Taggart 36, Cauldwell 15, J. Robison 14, North 12, were the principal contributors. Hague and W. Robison secured the wickets for the winners. For the losers, Board scored 14. _ Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs that the cycling | season was formally opened there on Saturday afternoon, when the Victorian Cyclists' Union hold their first annual meeting and picnic on the cricket ground of the Yarra Bend Asylum. About 200 wheelmen mustered near the Treasury, and formed a procession through the various streets of the city, and afterwards adjourned to the grounds, where a programme of racing events was carried out. The j Mile Bicycle Race, run in heats, was won by Dwyer, with j Anderson second, and Crawley third. 