IRovelfet HIS ONFMISTAKE, CHAPTEE L5VI.—(COKTIKDED.) By BSRTEA M. CLAY. " It looks like a place to be haunted," said Lord Carsdale; " still, a eea- washed jetty is rather a strange place for a ghost.' What kind of ghost is it ? " "Well, yon know, sir, of course it is no ghost—there is no such thing; but I tell you one thing, none of our young people would come here after dark, and I do not mind saying that I have often had a turn myself." " What is it, then ?" asked Lord Carsdale. "To tell you the truth, air," said the old man, "it is a lady. I think some great trouole has driven her mad. She looks like it" "What does she do?" continued Lord : Carsdale, growing interested. " Well, she never comes here, eir, before the gloaming, and she is so shadowy, so etiU, so white, and so beautiful; that people have o kmd of dread of her. I have'seen her often , and.herface is-quite ,transparent ; .it, shilling ,on it. . ay. With „ . 3 sits light at the send of- the jetty, there where the water touches those black arches. I went to her once," continued tho old man, seeing that his listener, was interested. "I said to myself there was nothing to be afraid of, and I went to her. " Are ,yon not afraid of the waves?" I said to her; and, sir, I almost fell hack into the sea myself when she raised her face and looked at me. I did not know that there could be such a face in all the world:" " What was it hke ?" asked Lord Carsdale. '' It would take one more clever than I am totellthat. It was like nothing I have ever seen on this earth; it wtKTjeautiful, hke. tha face of an angel in a picture, and it -was filled with Borrow. It did not look as though she had cried—the grief on it was past all- tears; and yet there was a strange light, a curious etrange light. I said to her, " Are you not afraid of the waves?" and then she looked as I told you. It took me some time to get over that look. Then I said: " When they reach these black arches they aredangerous," 1 said ' Yes, I know," she replied; and, for me, such a voice was worth hearing; it was sweet and sad as a cooing dove. " Do you know," I continued, " that danger in this case means death? 1 "Yes,I know it," she answered. "You need not trouble about me. Do you see this mark here?" She raised her handsuch a white hand, sir, like a snow-flake—and she pointed out to me a great black notch in the wood. "You see this?" she repeated, and I said " Yes." •. " I shall sit here," she said, I I night after night until the .waves reach here, and when they reach here I shall die. Oh: welcome deathl : Oh, beautiful death !• I shall die; it will not be-suicide; I shall not kill myself; but the waves -will: carry: me so gently out to sea—no gently so sweetly 1' Sir, I drew back, frightened at her; neither her face nor her voice were like anything earthly. Teat was more than two weeks since,; -now I watch her, and I have my boat ready- If ever I see her in danger, I shall do my best to save her." ' - -• "It is a etrangB Btory,":said Lord Garsdale " All tho young people are shy of going near the jetty. It used to beafamous ..place ior love-making.: now, when that; silent figure steals so gently and quietly along, every one vanishes as though by magic." " What time do you say tha poor lady comes?' asked Lord Carsdale.. "Only in the gloaming sir; only in the gloaming," said the old man, as ha walked away. CHAPTER LXVII. WOH AT IiASI. 4 " Couldit-bc Ailic ?" Lord Carsdale asked mmsclf the question over and over again. Why had his thoughts flown to her at once ? 'why should that strong, swift, keen, .secret conviction have seizedmm—that it was she, Bud no one else? •:• It seemed to him, now that he thought of it, natural enough that she should come to Fernbay—the one happy day of her life had been : spent, here. ;: Could it be Ailie, this woman >of unearthly- beauty, who was only waiting until : the- green waves reached thathlacknotch and carried her^way ? He looked after the old man, wishing that he had made further inquiries, that ho had asked more about her,-that he had tried to makeout: where she came from. Then ho said to himself that he would wait until the gloaming and sec for himself Suddenly he remembered that he oouldaot wait—hehad promised to send a,telegram,:and •he must do it at .once : he could xeturnas soon •as the gloaming fell He went despatched his business, and le turned. The gloaming had fallen- then, a slight silver mist hUDgaver the sea^ihe,waves •ran smoothly, they: were crestedawithswhite: ioam, the wind wasfitill, and seemed to brood over the water-rather ihan etir it It was soidark, as lie walked op thatJondyi Jetty that he could hardly eee, then, as he draw nearer—down at-fche.farther £na, oppo-, site to the black arches, and watching them antently—he saw the silent, (solitary figure of a woman, In his after life Lord Carsdale could-h&rdly; describe whBt followed; it Ec- emed to him that that .very moment he passed from theregioae of commonplace and common life into tho^e of romance—the darkening night, thelong, low. wash of the waves, the heaving of the silent sea, the line of lights in the distance, the tal! whvta cliffs standing so treefc and defiant, the lonely jetty . with the sea breaking over it, and that one figure watching bo ib-; tently. •.•..- ... • . • ; Could it be Ailie? -He stood and watched —how long he never knew, he could never tell. The darkness crept on space; the great ruby light at the end of tho jetty- sent out a strange,. livid flame; still the silent figure' eat there,: watching the dark arches, and Lord Carsdale. Btooa quite still, watching it. v Then came a strange, sweet sound—at first he thought it was the distant music; then it grew, bo strange, so sad and sweet, he could have believed the old fable of tho mermaid; then he recognized the air^alavourite dreamy German ;:melody,- >oalled:«i;,.The Lonely;it seemed to float over tne waves, and die away in their murmur It was Ailie smgin g—he knew the voice. He was quite certain of her then, and ho thanked Heaven for the instinct that had led him to find her: He said to himself that he. must he cautious ; perhaps what they said about -her was true—that her great -sorrow had driven her mad; tmd he must not distress her by suddenly Epeakicg. to her. He went nearer to her, and tbe shadow that the ruby-light threw on the jetty was at her feet, but she never saw it. Then, more ,cautiously still, ho went near her, and looked m her face; it was Ailie—but. great Heaven; how changed, how. wan, how white! , Her face, as tho old man said, was transparent—it was unearthly iu its clear transparency; the sor- row that filled it was cot of the kmd that Eends relief m tears. He saw that she looked neither to tho right nor the Ieifc, that she never took her eyes from the great noteh on the black arches. . - He pictured to himself the clear, green waves rising slower higher : and higher, until they covered the sweet, sad face, and bore her away with them. The picture troubled liim sogreatly he dare not be silent any longer. What if she rose suddenly and walked from tne end of the jetty into the sea ? He stood before her—he touched her gently, and called her by name. ••:•, ._ " Aihe 1 " he eaid ; v Ailie' my wife! " There was no madness in the gaze she turned on him, nothing but -unutterable sad-, ness—unutterable sorrow. She did not seem surprised to- sea him ; perhaps Bhe had thought so much about him that it gave her no surpzise to see him there. Her face could grow no whiter than ithad done, but a strange light came into her eyes. She never dreamed that he was there for any other purpose but to blame her: She clasped her hands and looked into her face. : " I-did not:hetray,you, Lord Carsdale,"she said. " I did not tell, one single . word. I would not have spoken if they had killed me " Then she looked from him to the dark arches, where the waves rose slowly. " Aihe," he said, gently,«' will you tell me; what you are doing here ? " ' Yes," she replied "I am waiting until the watci reaches" that rock,"then it will carry ; me away. 1 -3-i! Jou^knowihat will he juicide^ he said. "I do riot think eo; the eoftrgreen waves -•winfetchme-^Iflhall-notthrowmjselfin.",:. "But, Aihe, why do you wish to die? " he asked "jBeeausomymiserablelife stands between you and your .happiness." -she, rophed; " because life is bitter, and death is sweet." - : "My darling Ailie—my: dear wife—listento me;" he said; " I have followed you here, I have looked for you every where, because!: want to tell you that u( last I have learned to lave you—ani that I wantyou; to .-try and he •happy as my wife." There was no rapture of love in the pale face, no hghl such as he had dreamed his words would bring there, no gleam of joy. She looked at bun with gentle, mourniul dignity. " You forget,", she said, " you told me that you loved Lady Ethel." - There was no reproach, no anger m her tones; nothing.but the most gentle meredu- i hty. I know it," he said; " but Ailie, listen to me. I have come so far to - see you, my darling; make room for mehy your side." She drew aside her dress, .and he sat down by her "I want to tell you,. Aihe, • how your heroism has touched me. My d&rhng;, take your eyes from that terrible rock ; the clear, green waves shall never take you away—your only home shall be henceforward in my heart. Ailie, you said once, long ago, ih&t; love -wins love; and it is true. Your great love for me has won love from me." Stdl she looked at him; and said: " It is Lady Ethel you love, not me." : /. " My darling wife, what must I say to .con-; vmce you that it js you whom I love, and no other? Lady Ethel and I have partea; we] shall not meet again; and I gave up my lite to seeking for you, just as now I shall give it up to making you happy " " It-oannot be true,.'-Bhe said, musingly. " It is true, Aihe. I cannot even tell yon When Ihegan to think so . much about , you ; I frankly own that it puzzled me myself ; I. did not believe it was possible that I was learning to love you. .Your face touehed me;; the sweet, Bad eyes haunted me; the sound of your voice never left me, and I said to myself I must be learning to love.my wife at last." . He took tho two cold, white hands in hiB. " Then, when I came back—I was only so short a-time absent, Aihe—when I came back, andl found that my beautiful wife had Bud-: denly become a herome, that-for my sa"ke, because she. would not betray me, Bhe had endured insult and calumny—that , Bhe had sacrificed even her fair name for me by refusing to juBtify herself at rBy expenee. I said - to myself, my .wife is-a heroine, the greatest heroine of all j there is no. one like her. Quite, suddenly; my darling,, you :be-; came invested -in . my , eyes with ,every great and- glorious -quahty^with endurance,=with patience, with fortitude, with self- denial. "What love was this? I sawl to myself; the world had seen none like it^-so. beautiful, bo brave, so: devoted 1 And, Aihe, while I stood Ustemng to what-my mother-said about you, my heart seemed-stirred .with a new, sudden, great love—a love that swept through my whole heing like ® flame, before-which -aU. other love faded, and"! said to myself, • I will make myself worthy of my wfe.'" She looked up at him t'midly. " It is really truOj Lord Carsdale, that )jou love me 1—that you wish to he worthy of me ?- —isIt really true?" " It is quite true, Ailie Let me tell you something else I have heen to BudeswcU, and have made them allhappy there I have told them who I am, «nd all about our marriage: I have done the same thing at home, so that there need be no more p»orecy " Some little colour Jiadoome into the beautiful face, a lovely colour that came and went the unearthly light faded from her face) and something of human interest came into it "I haye been here so long," ehe said, s"waitingfor.-death,thatJnyeyeBaro,dazzled with the great, strong light of eternity- What did Lady TValdrovo Bay ? She was very angry," I know I tremble when I thuik cf her " I 4 1 Bhe "was angry, and my lather, too, but," my Swung A,ihe, Z Rm-fwng tp take yon to Austria;, and when we have heen there a few years they will forget all-anger, andibe glad to see me baok again " He spoke more cheerfully than he felt on that one subject. Then he told her all that Lady Ethel had said. . "Now will you beheve that I love you, my "wife? If you knew how ashamed I feel of all my. cowardice, how angry I have been with myself for my want of courage, you would forgive me.„ Believe teat l lovs yoUj my darling wife, when I give up with a smilo everything man holds most dear—country, home, frienas, parents, all for the one true love or my life." There was a lingering look o£ incredulity on her face,:but as he clasped harm his arms, and covered her face with.paBeionate tears, it. vanished never: to return. She held her hands for one minute above her head, then Bhe said • ":I thank God that He has given me the desire oi my heart." " . Tne stars came , out in the dark sky/ the moon shone on-the - waters, and long'hours' had passed before they quitted the solitary pier.... It was not -the same Aihe; those wno had feared her before would not know her now; ail the sorrow and sadness had passed from her beautiful face, and it was bright with the happiest love. It seemed to her that no one had ever heen bo happy before, or so Messed. .She asked so many questions about home—what her father and mother had said? what Ease's lover: was like ? was. all the grand news over Eiank true ? And Lord Carsdale, seeing how deeply it interested her, never wearied of telling her every detail of the interview. Two daysaftarward they started for Vienna, where, in the course of a few months, Lady Carsdale, was known aa -one of the most beautiful and brilliant ornaments of a brilliant oourt. She was happy beyond all words in her huBhsnd'e love, and he had learned to value her. CHAV'TEB LXYIII. \-- . -: angels or peacb.- - . • . . Six years had passed since the terrible day ' on wmch the proud Countess of Waldrove had owned; with-bitter tears; that the hopes of her life lay huried. Laay Gertrude's marriage-was one of the. most brilliant ceremonies ever witnessed at Boseneath- . The- Dake and Duchess of Claverdon were present, ana the most elaborate apologies were made for the unavoidable absence of the Eon and heir. • He waa m Vienna, and could not get :away. Lord Carsdale had sold out of-liis regiment before he left England, and tne appointment he hela in Vienna was a diplomatic one. Tiie countess owned herself more than content with the grandeur of the marriage. Her daughters, the Duchess of : Claverdon and Lady Eawdon, visited her very often, bringing with them blooming children, the Eight of whom made her heart ache with longing, for her eon. - • .. .• .•• ,,.,.. During all these years Lord Carsdale had not. written .home. ' Perhaps had he prayed; for pardon and reconciliation, - the earl - and. the. countess-might have.hardened their' hearts against him; as u was, his submission and G.lene6 had so f (ened them- One event had happened which had brought-: back all the old bitterness to Lady.Waldrove •^JaadysBthcl had;:married that moat, hand-': :Bome,' > in'eBistibleio£, > aU>wocrSi-X!aptaui:Moore.r: She had become the Countess of Hurlingham emoe her marriage, aud-on each visit to Bose- - neath Bhe never ceased to weary both earl and : countess vnth importunities to send for their son. It was such: nonsense," Bhe said;;«the deed was done now. Lord -Carsdale had' proved himself to be a hero. • As for his wife, the British peerage,": she dauntlessly de-' clarea, " did not hold such another.'! There was nothmg but good news from the. Dervrents. . Through the . influence of Lord Carsdale, Bose's lover, the Esverend Cathbert Loaes, had oeen -presented with a goodliving m Yorkshire, where he and his amiable wife lived the happiest of lives. , ,: Erank -had made" his mark, and.bid.fair to he one of the leading, civil engineers of the day. John Derwent and hiB wife had retired to a very pretty little, farm in the sunniest part of Kent, where they lived, as they had never hoped to live, and Hettie was with them Nothing but good news from all parts of the world, and Lsdy Aihe Carsdale -rejoiced in It Tnere came,a beautiful spring.morning-^the sun was Bhining, the balmy air was filled with the perfume:of mignonette and lilac. Tne Earl and-Countess of Waldrove sat alone m their breaTifast-room at Boseneath Abbey-^ a beautiful -room, gay: with pink hangings and. white lace, fragrant with lovely :white hyacinths and jonquils. . The eun shone in -tarough the windows, and its.hght fell on. the beautiful flowers,-the masEive silver, the delicate chma, and fine damask. It was a; very pretty and luxurious home- picture—the countess m her damty mormng^rohe and cap of Mechhn lace, the esrl- m his dressing-gown —a cozy home picture. -:.' My lady touched the white hyacinths, she looked at the green-' springing mignonette/ Bhe lingered over the fragrant tea; and then; with a great Bigh, she said to the carl: " I am very lonely; I am very dull.-' '.'It is.dull,'? said-the earl. "Weseem to be lost m thiB great, empty house. ; I have felt quite, gloomy since Gertrude and her cmldren went away " . The same unspoken thought lay: deep in the heart of both—an intense longing to have their eon near them again . Suddenly the silvery, piusical chiming : of a child's laughter was heard. Lady 'Waldrove looked up quickly. " What was that ?" she asked. The earl Sid not move. " Some of the servants have little visitors; I should imagine," he said. Butthe words,died on,hia hps,'forthe door suddenly and slowly opened, and then entered 1 the lovelist pair of:little children ever, beheld: There was a little girl with a face like a rosebud, lovely, laughing eyes, and sweet lip", with shining, golden liau that lay over the whitest shoulders ever fleen—a little fairy, full of grace and dignity. She looked neither to the right nor tothaleft, but went etiaight up to the earl, and -standing m front of him; raised her lovely, limped eyes-to Mb face "Will.yon please-forgivemy'mamma? , ',ehe ;; said ^ ^ t A handsome, da r k haired boyv with a true Carsdale face, and -dark, fiaehing eyes—a frank, hold, brave hoy, who won her heart at a glanee, went up to Lsdy Waldrove, ana said • u Will you forgive my pepa ?" "God bless mel" cied the earL "Who arethe«e? Who-ore you, my dear?' •'" I amLuoie Careaale/.'saidthelittle fairy. "And I," said the hoy," am Stephen Cars: ::dak—namedafter:mygrandfatlier,,the:grand old earl" * And-who Eent .yon Jiere?' "Papa and mamma sent as Papa hids me say he loves you both, and he longs to oome home to you He says you will love mamma when you knowller " It Mr uf-clc r for ihe cnunt<= a to 'uerk, for the earl had clasped hoth the pretty meo sengero m his Brms • I Muuld rcrut" iLe angel of tod," he ea d, "if I rcfut" vou "Shall yon forgive onr hoy?' said jhe ?ponteBB, And the grand old.earl. m-a faltering voiee,- said: " I will, I w Uj &o; I hope oaa day to be for given " Tuero was still another surprise for them. Lady-Ethel lollowed -ths little ones into the loom. . ." I am an uninvited guest,'-she s?iid; " but: .1 am sure, a welcome one. I have. brought these dear children. - . Lord and Lady Carsdale wait out'ide " The nest momen* the son was m hj mother's arms; and ttie earl had embracedhis. son's, wife. It was tbe prettiest scene, ever witnessed, and one which must have made the angels smile They lived happily: ever -afterward. The oonntess learned to .love -very dearly the beautiful, graceful woman, who,was hor son's wife. There was no more popular, lady in England .than Lady, OarsS≤: but, when Bhe is speaking seriously,fshajgava there is no greater folly, than:that of an .unequal mar-. 