BALLARAT COURSING CLUB, ^ TR.TAT. POPPY STAKES. President, Sir S. Wilson;- vice-^reajdents, Messrs B. Htphnrn and G. Morton; treasurer, Mr J. Shiels; flag ^.eward Mr H. Cronk; slip steward, Mr It. 'D»igleish: £eld stewards—Messrs T. Bath,, W. Bailey, F. S. Ciark, H. Gare, P. Qa'.nUvan, G. Russell, W. Whykes, J. Willi?,^ jf, Wilson, and J. Wiggins; judge, >'jj D, C. Collaid; hon. slipper, Mr H. Dr;bson; secretary, Mr a Cadaen. ' Coursing p'.-gpla were favored with magnificent wer^er yesterday, when lie first meeting of season, under the auspices of theBiUayat^ouieing Club, took place at the BnrroirAiaet plompton. The attendance, howev^ wag wretched, cot more than 100 persons 'being present, notwithstanding the attractions offered, the fine weather, and the pleasant drive or cheap railway tnp from Balhrat, This state of things is sincerely to be regretted. The hares ran very well dcrlng the day, and bnt twelce were killed UKTUJFI TUUUIBBNU^ WWO TIIUU out of thirty-fire coorses. The stakes rasi rfS were the Trial Poppy Stakes, Kal Shakes, and Tiial Puppy Stakes No. thirty-five conrse®, just a w^rfotf-^iur'p cursing. The Trial out some fine pupp.e^:*^ HflddoDi Boyal, and Mr well demore thorough served suc^^.*® 5 "entloneddivided ^ H r Bolly e win was a popu- the Kal Kal StafeeB Bome g° od hn-is were engaged, such as Mr Baileys j iilarat Winnie, Mr J, Wiggitfs Vaiho^ n MiaB nd "'' Mr C, Pfundt's Miss Jean; J™t but the latter xhibited brilliant form and apparently jetting better every course, won the stake. Mr Talbot's Twinkle was the nmner-up. r Pfunofs win also was a popular one. he Trial Puppy Stakes No. 2 was won by Mr J. Hannati's bitch Molly Bawn, bred hy p & a w C i Mr Mansfield. Mr Collard gave every satisfaction as judge, and Mr H. Dobton did the slipping with his accustomed skill. Mr Cadden, the secretary, performed his multifarious duties with his usual energy, and Mr Ellis, the caretaker of the plnmpton, had everything in excellent order. Mr H. Dobson, hotelkeeper, of Burrumbeet, gave-every satisfaction as caterar. After the coursing, T the healths of the various winners were -proposed by Mr B. Hepburn, and responded to. Previous to tho toasts, Sir Samuel Wilson's health was also drunk, and also that of Mr C M*Cooke, the manager, who duly responded. The following are the detailed results:— Turn POTTT STABES, fur sixteen greyhound puppies, at £8 2s each. Winner to receive £16; runner-up, £8; winners of two courses, £i each. T "BeiUy's b w d Bojal, Master Joe—Tidings, beat- H Gore's b wbOretchen. Grenadier—Clara. __ T Frassrt b w d Foremost, Financier—Wait-awmie, beat W. Bailey's n be d Ballarat Sam, Lancashire tad—SBS Lass. . „ S Brown's be w d Poor Mick, Xame Chicken—Sopnie (Neverton's), heat J. Barman's »bd Malua, Xsca —Lady Beaufort. „ „ , , B Hepburn's bwd Hop Bitters, St. Peter—Gondola, beat W.'Whykeif bird "What Price, Financier— Wait-a-whlle. „ , , J Wiggins* b w d Wild Chester, Chester—Wilful, beat C. Pfundt's b w d Pagan, Puke of Cumberland—Housemaid. W Whyfees* iwb What Change, Financier—Waltawhile, beat W. Bailey's be w b Ballarat Queen, Ballarat Boas—Duchess of Maryborough. J Williams' b w d General Gordon, Oversman— "Nellie II, beat C. Pfnndfsi d President, Duke of -umberland—Housemaid. P Oalnlivan's ba w b Quinine, Master Joe—Tidings, beat J. Williams' t w d Overseer, Orersman— Nellie IL Second Bound. Boyal beat Foremost Poor Mick beat Bop Bitten Wild Chester beat Wbat Change '•Quinine beat General Gordon. - Third Bound. Boyal beat Poor Kick Quinine beat Wild Chester. Final. Mr BeiUy's Boyal and Mr P. Qulnliran's quinine, both by Master Joe—Tidings, aindea the stake. First Round,—Royal led Gretchen to a dodgy hare, and beat her easily, Gretchen only getting in once in a long course. Royal worked very well, but the hare escaped. Foremost was too fast and clever for Ballarat Sam, who proved himself a perfectly worthless puppy. The hare again escaped. Poor Mick reached the hare before Malua, and also ontworked the latter. The puppies were again unable to kill. Hop Bitters gave What Price a good drubbing, and wound up some clever work by a kiU, the first of the day.' Wild Chester had no difficulty in disposing of Pagan. The course war wound npby a kill by Wild Chester. What Change and Ballarat Queen were slipped to a racer. The former led, and only succeeded in taking one turn out of the hare when it escaped. General Gordon led, and never allowed President to get in. Gordon showed some smart work, the hare ultimately escaping. Quinine was too fast for Overseer, and worked very W a a a c b 2 t r A g a cleverly, the course proving an excellent one, though Quinine had all the best of It. The hare escaped. Second Bound.—Boyal led Foremost and won as he liked. Poor Mick led by four lengths,'doing all the easy work, bat Hop Bitters got a point or two at the last. What Change led Wild Chester, but the latter then got in, and kept in, finishing up by a kill. General Gordon led Quinine, and got first turn, but stumbled, and Quinine got in, scored rapidly, and killed. Third Sound.—Boyal and Poor Mick were slipped to a weak hare. Boyal led, and killed, Poor Mick getting but a turn, when Boyal killed. The trial was anything but satisfactory. Wild Chester did not have a ghost of a'ehow with Quinine, who monopo' lised all the work until the hare escaped. KAL KIL STAKES—For thirteen all ages, at £8 2s ^each. Winner to receive £12 ; runner- up, £5; winners of two courses,' £2 each. I Williams' b w b Kellie IL, Grenadier—Bertha, 'beat X Bath's M d Boswortb, Stanley—Bow Bells. _ . C Pfundt's b w b Miss Jean, Registrar-General— Wilful, beat D. Bartes* w b b Death or Glory, Grenadier—Bashful Maid. J Wicalns" bill Walhora, Bebellion—Western Countess/beat H. -Gore's be w h Gunilds, Grenadler^-GiroSa . „ . W.Bailey's r »b Ballarat Winnie, Chester—IJly, beat B. Gore's be w b Giralda, Grenadier— a'crwibot's 1 w b Twinkle, Capital—Katdne, be&'t H. crank's b w d Cadger, Esca-Nell. C. Pfundt's r w'd Bnbicoo, Walio-Boby, beat J. Hoctort b wt) Lady Onnond, PJoughbcy. W. Bailey's be w b Ballarat Brilliant, Mmser—Dora, ranabye. Second Bound. Miss Jean beat Nellie IL Ballarat Winnie beat Waihora Twinkle beat Ballarat Brilliant BuWcon rana bye Third Bound. Miss Jean beat Ballarat Brilliant . Twinkle beat Bubleon. Final. - MrC. PfuEdt't b w b Miss Jean, Begistrar-Ganeral— Wiirul, beat Mr B. G. Talbot's l»tIwinklq, Capital—Katrine, and won the itakfi. _ . _ First Bound.—Bosworth Ied and did most of the early work, but Nellie IL came at the last, and tilling, jast made her the winner. A splendid run up took place between Mies Jean and Death or Glory, resulting slightly In favor of the former. A lot of work ensued, also in favor of Miss Jean. Death or Gloiy killed. Waihora was a length faster than Gunilda, and did a lot of early work, which the latter nearly succeeded in wiping out towards the finish. Ballarat Winnie led Giralda several lengths to a weak hare. Each dog secured^a couple of turns, and Giralda then put herself out of it by a kiU. Cadger led Twinkle, got a couple of turns, and then gpve way to Twinkle, who was declared the winntr of a very close course by a kill.' Lady Ormoiid Jed and killed, but Bublcon did ali the work between and won the course. Bal; larat Brilliant ran a bye, but Bublcon-escaped and also joined in the courte, which resulted in a kill. Second Bound.—Miss Jean showed her old form with Nellie IL, and ran brilliantly, finishing up with a kiU. Ballarat Winnie led Waihora half a dozen !engths,.got firsttnm, and then a give and take course ensued, Ballarat Winnie winning by a kiU. The course was the fastest of the day. The course between twinkle and Ballarat Brilliant proved' a hollow affair, the latter never trying. The hare was soon killed. Bublcon ran a _ Third Bound.—Miss Jean beat Ballarat Winnie by a length in the run-up, and did nearly -all the work, finishing up a brilliant runby a klll. Twlnkle lei and a lotof work ensued Blightly in favor of Twinkle,- and Rubicon's nil was co use to him. Final.—Miss Jean led Twinkle, did much the smarter work, and killed after an In- _ course. TBUL PUPPY SXAKSS No. 2.—For eight greyhound puppies, at £2 2a each. Winner to receive ££ mnnei-np, £4. . 0\. C. Symon'a be w b Primrose, Bo)>in—Miss Hereford. beat J. Wiggins' w r b Wilful Lass, Chester —Wilful T- Bath'ewf d Jlaohsr. MUo—BeUeStaoley, beat H. Gore's b xr bGwenda, Oienroy—Gwendoline 1\. Barman's nil Molly Bawn. fisea—Lad j Beaufort, beat J; Williams'b wi Winnie. Oversman— Nellie U. . '" . • :•"• •••• • T Bath's w f :b d Mercury, Milo—B "Be Stanley, beat J. Shaw"o<Jnn ) -be w-bEoysi Maid, Harka- WBJ—Snow&tgbt; .Second Bound. Frimroaeieat Masher. . Molly BawnbeatWercury UnaL • •. -• . Mr J. Barman's w h ii Molly Bawn, Esca—Lady -Heasfott, betf JS* G.-C. Symons* be w* Primrose-^ MissHeref<jr3,osd*on thesteie. First. Bound.—Primrose ~ only allowed: Wilful J^ee Iw-jseore once, and won easily, tha jhare eaea^g. Gwenda and Masher were witf 'niaichiid in -^ace -und -workli <Jweaa« t0wards tiw dese it off, and was then -beaten easily. The hare escaped. Molly Bawn and Winnie were slipped to a wretched hare, : "the former leading -and kil log before 100 yards had been traversed. Boyal Maid coi out of the dips, and ran a Some on her own account. She was afterwards slipped to a good hare, and led by a dczsn lengths, and turned twice, but Mercury then got in and led ta the end and won. The hare escaped. Second Bound.—Primrose ran away from Masher, and fell, letting Masher in, bnt the favorite was soon about again, and had comfortably won when the hare escaped. Molt;, Bawn kept lengths ahead of Mercury, bntlti latter scored a point or two at the-liafcf£&. Final —Molly Bawn led PrinwsC notlength, and did the beat worfcf*-" The course resulted la a Tjfo"*"' • withstanding a 