ALONE WITH CONSCIENCE. I sat alone with my conscience In a place where time had ceased, And we talked of my former living In the land where the years increased; And I felt that I should nave to answer The questions it put to me, And to face the answer and question Throughout an eternity. Tbe ghosts of forgotten actions Came floating before my sight, And things that I thought were dead thingB Were alive with a terrible mieht; And the vision of all my past life Was an awful thing to face, Alone with my conscience sitting In that solemnly silent place. And I thought of a far-away warning O' a sorrow that was to be mine, In a land that then was the future, And now is the present timo ; And I thought of my former thinking Ot the judpmtnt day to be, Bnt sitting alone with my conscience Seemed judgment enough for me. And I wondered if there was a future To this land beyond the grave, But no one gave me an answer, And no one can come to save; Then I felt that the future was present. And the present would never go by. For it was but the thought of my past life Grown into eternity. Then I woke from my timely dreaming, And the vision passed away, Ard I knew that the far- away warning Was a warning of yesterday ; And I pray that I may not forget it In this land before the grave, That I may not cry out in the future. And no one come to save. And so I bave learn 1 ; a lesson Which I ouaht to have known before. Ami whicb, though I learnt it dreaming. I hope to forget 1.0 more, fo I sit alone with niv conscience In the olace w here the years increase, And try to think of tbe future In !be land where time will cease ; And I know of the future judgment, Bow dreadful soe'er it be, Tiiat to sit alc-nt with my conscience Will be judgment enough for me. \- '. later. j I i;|; ; j!!,: " Be died on the firld," she sobbed, ai she s'ood at his t'.mt'itone. " A gallant soldier, no doubt," broke :ii a sympathizer. "Oh no, sir, hs Wis hit b> a baseball bit." And then the sympithiier meitniiirtd <-li Uc'^n the lane tinging. 