ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY THE GHOST.) The pendulum has once more swung back in a warlike direction, and a rupture between England and Russia-if we are to believe in cablegrams — is again within measurable distance. But then the news flashed to us by the sensation-mongering correspondents in Baron Reuter's employ have of late proved so utterly unreliable— rumours given on "unquestionable" au- thority one day being flatly contradicted on the very next — that in regard to the probabilities of peace or war, the best thing people can do is to use their own judgment. Perhaps no more reliable barometer than the price of consols can be consulted, and just at present this points unmistakably to political fair weather. With three per cents, at 99¾ an immediate outbreak of hostilities is evidently not anticipated by European capitalists. How- ever, instances are on record in which the roar of thunder has been heard when the sky above was cloudless, and every one knows that it is the unforeseen which is always happening. Even the worm, we are told, will turn when trodden on, and who knows but that even the end of the womanlike endurance of Mr. Gladstone has not been reached, and the order of the Czar to abandon the intention of fortifying Herat, be the proverbial straw that has broken the back of the grand old man's subserviency to Russia ? It will be wise, therefore, and true economy in the long run, not to allow our- selves to be lulled into a false sense of security, and cease our defensive prepara- tions. It will be a matter for deep regret if the Defence Department allow the mar- tial ardour kindled by the prospect of a hostile visit to our shores to burn itself out without "improving the occasion." Yet this is just what Mr. Sargood is doing. To call for volunteers, and after the call has been willingly responded to, to inform the men that they must wait awhile " until Parliament has been consulted " in regard to the propriety of enrolling them, is cer- tainly a very good way of "putting the extinguisher" on the military zeal of the colony. There is nothing like striking while the iron is hot. If Mr. Dalley had waited for the sanction of the Legislature, there would in all probability have been no Australian Contingent in the Soudan. In regard to military matters they evidently "manage those things better" in New South Wales. And apropos of the Contingent, it is highly improbable that the suggestion of a public reception to the returned war- riors of the sister colony in Melbourne will he carried out, for the all sufficient reason that the Arab is not likely to turn from her homeward voyage for the sole purpose of allowing Victorians the opportunity of doing honour to the heroes of Tamai ; however anxious we may be to see what men are like who have so recently smelt powder, been "under fire," and above all, to judge for ourselves whether "karkee " should or should not be the material out of which the dress of our own brave troops of the future ought to be fashioned. This latter point is one fraught with such deep interest to the Minister of Defence, that it is not improbable one of our fleet of war vessels may be ordered to meet the Arab at sea off the Otway, in order that the gallant officer may personally become ac- quainted with the " karkee" clad troops. It would be instructive to know by what principle, if any, the home authorities are guided in the distribution of military honours. If recent telegrams on the subject are to be credited, Colonel Richardson is to be made a K.C.B. for going to the Soudan, and Lieut.-Colonel Sargood is to receive the distinction of a C.B. for not going. Which of the two deserves best of his country ? In less than a fortnight the two Vic- torian Legislative Chambers will have met, and we shall then only have escaped a conflict with the Muscovite to have become engaged in the wordy warfare incidental to Parliamentary Government. There is of course the usual talk of the "hauling over the coals " to which the Government is to be subjected for its conduct of various matters, and notably the militia business, during the recess. But there are few weak places in Mr. Service's armour, and he has taken care to leave no loophole through which the Opposition can gain acecess to the Treasury benches. This has been the Ministerial policy in the past, and in all probability will continue to be so in the future. Of course in the speech from the lips of the Governor, delivered on the opening of Parliament, there will be the usual pro- mises to deal with a number of subjects. But then these documents are generally as unreliable as a restaurant bill-of-fare. Very few of the dishes enumerated will really be presented to honourable members. The Redistribution of Seats Bill, the Mallee Improvement Bill, and one or two measures upon which a tolerable amount of unani- mity prevails will be brought in and con- sidered - perhaps passed — but of the measures dealing with "social reforms," of which Ministers talked so loudly on their assumption of office, there will be a conspicuous absence. For are not such questions as local option, the suppression of the social evil, and the amendment of the Education Act of too much importance to be dealt with by a Parliament in the last session of its existence ? Indeed, were these subjects disposed of out of hand, what would there be at the general elections in February next to "go to the country upon ?" It is certainly due to the electors that they should have something to decide upon in selecting their represen- tatives. It is far from pleasant for a con- stituency to have to select from Caesar and Pompey when both are alike in political hue. To be a shade darker than one's opponent has ere now proved an advantage in more than one election contest. After their fashion, too, Mr. Service and his colleagues are as fond of peace as even Mr. Gladstone himself. And as in Parlia- mentary life this is best secured by shelv- ing all matters upon which any wide divergence of opinion exists, all "dan- gerous" questions are to be rigidly tabooed. Assemblies in a moribund con- dition are no more fitted than private individuals in the same predicament to transact important business, and, with both, the most important business is to live. Among the measures which are certain to be introduced is one to be fathered by the Chief Secretary, dealing withl fire brigades. Is it by "the cruel irony of Fate" that the author of "houses in flames" is to introduce a bill to assist in quenching them ? Melbourne during the week has been in colonial parlance--on the spree. What with lorees, receptions at Government House, Fire Brigade galas, military reviews, horse racing, and football, the people have been afforded a choice of the saddest way of taking their pleasure. The occasion of all the merry-making was the occurrence of the sixty-sixth anniversary of her Majesty's natal day, and never on any previous occasion has there been such an effusive display of loyalty. Recent events have drawn us closer to the mother country, and it is no doubt owing in a great degree to this feeling that the Queen's Birthday, graced with Queen's weather, was so universally and effusively celebrated. The metropolitan correspondent of a country newspaper has caused Mr. Berry to become the object of the mild " chaff " of his Ministerial colleagues. The scribe in question, who is nothing if not one of the Chief Secretary's intimes, recently made known to all and sundry that he had been shown by Mr. Berry the photographs of some twenty pretty Salvation lasses, who had been rescued from the world--or at all events the demi-monde — and made to see the error of their ways. Mr. Berry, of course, became possessed of the pictures strictly " officially." But the honourable gentleman has unluckily the reputation of being, above all things, a "squire of dames," and what in a sober-sided Langridge or a staid Tucker might have elicited no remark, caused attention when coupled with the name of the gallant member for Geelong. On Parliament assembling, it is not beyond the bounds of probability that Mr. Berry may be asked to lay his " Book of Beauty" on the table of the House. Fac-similes of the photos of the repentant Haitire of Melbourne would cause the volume of votes and proceeding in which they appear to be far more generally prized than these ponderous tomes are at present. 