CHAPTER X7JT. 8howery weather set in, and tb« hay bad to be toned twice, and left in cooke putead of oerried. ! Griffith rooke now and then about the foreign tour;, but Kate deigned no reply wbetsror : and the chilled topic died out before tte wet hay ©mild be got in : and aa much for Procrastination. MeanUihe^ Bettr Oongb waa eant fbrto aiond tte twow Haan, lao esaoeetsry ether ea? siter dmnsryaad SM warta atraa bs^ tm dark, ... .<;\> ; Caroline lyder pst her owa oooetraetion on tina, ead tried to nate ftiendi with lira. Ooogh, ia tending to pomp her. Bot liri. Gongk gara ber abort, dry answers, lyder tk« fatt ear* that 0>>ogh was a go-betwaen, «id, wesson lilis, tornad *í hat1; BOM M her with nsrisd eaatsnpt. for why. t Thu oles of go- bstwosa was. . ooo ste saps-, ' eiafiy ooreted for aorsatf nader the rfmnaentaeat ; sad, a little wtil» agonit had esasasi witinn Ona Inc afternoon th* hay waa all earned, and Griffith cama nonsinspod^spiritototeU hie wife he waa ready to make the grand tour with bar. He waametal tbs a^ by Mn. Goógh, with a fae* of great concern i ah* bigged him to esma and ase tbs Dane ; abe bad ripped on the oak stain, poor soul, and hurt har back. Gritith tore up the stain, and found Kate in the drawing-room lying on a sofa, and her doctor by her aide. He came in trembling like a leaf, and clasped her piteoosly in bk arms. At thit abe ottered a little patient sigh of pain, and tba doctor begged him to moderate himself: there was no I immediate csuse of slarm ; but shsmnst be kept 1 nniiitt abe had strained her back, and her narree I were shaken bj tho fell. , 'Oh, mj poor Eater cried; GriftUh; and would let nobodj else touch her. She was no longer a tall j giri, but a statuesque woman ; jet he carried her in ' his herculean arms up to her bed. She turned her j head towards him and shod a gentle tear at this proof of bis lore ; but the next moment she was cold again, and seemed weary of her life. An invalid's bed was sent to her bj the doctor at her own request, and placed on a small bedstead; 8he lay on this at night, and on a sofa bj day. Griffith was now ae good aa a widower ; ant Caroline Bjder improved the opportunity. Sh« threw, herself constantly in bis way, all smiles, small talk, and geniality. \- Like many healthj men, your sickness wearied him if it'lasted over two days; and, whenever be came ont, chilled and discontented, from his invalid wife, there was a fine, buoyant, healthy young woman, ready to chat with him, 'and brimming over with undisguised admiration. True, ehe wac only » servant ; a servant to the eon. Bot abe had been always about ladies, and could wear their surface as readily as she could their gowns. Moreover, Griffith himself lacked dignity and reserve ¡ he would talk to anybody. The two women began to fill the relative situations of clouds, and sunshine. Bnt, ere this had lasted long, the enticing contact with the object of ber lawless fancy inflamed Byder, and made her so impatient that she strack her long meditated blow a little prematurely. The passage outside Mrs. Gaunt's door had a large window: and one day, while Griffith was with his wife, Byder composed herself on the window-seat in a forlorn attitude, too striking and, unlike her usual gay demeanour to pass unnoticed, j Griffith came out and saw this drooping discon- solate fignre. 'Hallo!' said he,¡'what is wrong with you?' a little fretfully. i A deep sigh waa the only responsa. ' Had words with your sweetheart ?' , 'You know I have no sweetheart! sir.' The good-natured Squire made sn attempt or two to coomie her and ind ont whit wof the matter5 bot he" could get mthing ont of her but monosyl- lables and signs. M last the crocodile contrived to cry- And having tins secured bis pity, ehe said ' There, never heel me. I'm » foolish woman ; I can't bear to see my dear master so abused.' ' What d'ye mean?' said Griffith, sternly. Her very first shaft wounded his peace of mind. ' ' Oh, no matter ! vhy should I he your friend and my own enemy? Iff tell you I shall loee my place.' ' Nonsense, girl, jon shall never lose your place while I am here.' ' Well, hope not, dr ; for I am very happy here ; too happy methinks when yon speak kindfr to me. Takeao notice of Wist I said. 'Tis beat to be blind at timas.' í . The aunple-Sqnre did not ase that thia artful creature waa pk\jjng the stale game of her sex : stimulating his oniosity ander pretence of patting him off. He begat to fret with suspicion and corio- j aity, and insisted m her speaking oat. \- ' Ah ! bat I unto afraid you will bate me,' said abe; 'and that wil be worse than loaingmy place.' Griffith staaapelon the ground. 'What ia it? said he, fiercely., Byder agented.frightened. 'Itis nothing,' said she ; then sim pinned, and added, ' but myfolly. I . ' Do yon mei« to say that my wifeisf pretending r* < 'How can t Jay that? I was't then; nobody saw her fall ; tor hoard, heard her either ; and the house full of people. No doubt there is something tbs matter with her'; but I do believe her heart is in more trooble than ber back.' .Andwhat trooblee ber heartP Tell me, and aha ahallnot fret tong.* i . ' WeU, air : than jost yon ses^ ind she will get np, sad walk as she used, and emile on jon aa ahe need. .That , main is the main of her aiokae*a,yontak»my word.' . Orifith tnrasd atok at heart : and the strong maa literally startend at this sarensmed throat of à wsakwonauT'atootas. Bs* hs straff led with tb* ? What*y*ates*, WOB»? said a», 'll* priest I hfff"'tVrrTfassrber IlisselsnsMBitla' '? ? \ 'Tts*»tt,ssV replied Byder, quietly, he is soo wisoiooosMssmm against ron for fritfktssaag aim away. Ask jroar> tau, air. didn't she asama* to yon tho moment that yon threatened that Leonard with the borae-ptmd.' ! 'That is tra* r gasped the wretched hssbsad. Tat ho semgloa Mala. J Bot she asad* tt a» with ms afWttá». Why, 'twas hat tWoUawaay aaa bashaw to svassead with aar , aad tao» har asaj frasa tkii plans ' .'Ahr iadsodFeaid Byte, bsssasf har bkok brows. ! dUt shs so s* ' ' Tas*:*l»3aW aaid öraaVa», ysysaa^^eovy«.! sss yoe ors srawsrss - ' Toa should haré »deon her at hs* word, sirV was oil the woman's reply. :'Well,youieetne hay was oat: a» I pat it off: and then oems tte corned rafa day after day; and ao she cooled apon it.* 'Of coane abe did,air.' Thea, with a aolesnnity that appalled her ndaerable listener, Td fire all TB worth if yon had taken her at her word that minute. Bat that ia tba way with yon featiesaen : yon let the ocoaaion slip: and we tbat be wothen nerer forgive that: ah» won't fire yon toa same chance again, I know. Now¿ if I was not afraid to nuke yon unhappy, Td ten yon why aha asked yon togo abroad. Shs felt herself weak, and aaw her danger; shs found abe could not resist that Leonard aáylonger; and she had the sense to see it wasn't worth her while to ruin herself for bim: so she asked yon to ears her from him : that is the plato English. And yon didn't.'. 1 At thia, Griffith's faoe «ore aa expreation of »irony so horriblethatRyder hesitated in her course. 'There, there,' said she, 'pray don't look ed, dear nester! after all, there's nothing certain; and, perhaps, I am too ser ere where I aee yon ill-treated : and, to be snre, no woman could be cold to ton I unless she was bewitched ont of her seven senses by gome other man. I couldn't nae'yon as mistress does ; bat, then, there's nobody I care a straw for in these parts, except my dear master.' Griffith took no notice of this overture: the potent poison of jealousy was coursing through all bis veins and distorting his ghastly face. '0 God!' he gasped, 'can this thing be? Hy wife ! the mother of my child ! It is a lie ! I can't believe it-I! won't believe it. Have pity on me, woman, and think again,' and unsay your words ; for, if 'tis so, there will be mnrder in this house.' Ryder was alarmed. 'Don't talk so,' said she, hastily : ' no woman horn is worth that : besides, aa yon say, what do we know against her? She is a gentlewoman, and well brought np. Now, dear master, you hare got one friend-in this house, and that is me : I know women better than yon do. Will yon be ruled by me ? ' 'Yes, I will ; for I do believe yon care a little fop me.' 'Then don't yon believe anything against on* Dame. Keep quiet till yon know more. Don't be so simple as to accuse her to her face, or you'll never learn the truth. Just you watch her quietly, without seeming : and I'll help yon. Be » man, and know the troth.' ' I will !' said Griffith, grinding his teeth. 'And I believe she will come ont pore aa snow.' ' Well, I hope so, too, said Byder, drily. Then she added, ' But- don't yon be speaking to me too much, sir, or she will suspect ine, and then she will Tra on her guard with me. When I have anything particular to tell yon, I'll cough,' so ; and then I'll run out into the Grove : nobody goes there now.' Griffith did not see the hussy waa contriving a series, of.. assignations. He fell into the trap bodily. ... The life thia roan led waa now infernal. He watched hu wife night end day 'to detect her heart ; he gare np hontiag, he deaerted the Bed Lion ; if he went ont of-doora, it waa hat a step ; he hovered abbat the place to see if messages came or went ; and he spent honra in his wife's bedroom, watching her, grim, silent, and sombre, to detect her inmost heart. His flesh wasted visibly, and his raddy colour paled. Hell waa in bia heart. Ay, two hellst jealousy and suspense. Mrs. Gaunt saw directly that something waa amiss, and ere long abe divined what it was. Bat, if he waa jealous, abe was proud as Lucifer. So'she met his ever-watchful eye with the face of a marble statoe. Only in secret ber heart quaked and yearned, and she shed many a furtive tear, and was sore, stn« perplexed. Meantime, Ryder was playing with her master's anguish like a cat whh a moose. Upon the pretence of some petty discovery or other, abe got him ont day after day into the Grove, and, to make him believe in her candour and impar- tiality, would give him feeble Masons for thinking his wife loved lim still- taking care to overpower these reasons with some little piece of strong good sense and subtle observation. It ia the tate of moral poisoners to poison them selree aa well aa their victims. This is a inst retribation, and it fell opon this female Iago. - Har wretehed master now lored his wifs to distraction, yet hated her to the death: and Byder lored her master passionately, yat hated him intensely, by fits andatarta. . These secret meetings on which she had eooated so, what did aha gain by tbemf She saw that, with all her bsOaty, inadljfssx»,sad seal for him, she was nothing to him still. He asapettsd, ho sosas, times batid his wife, hot ho wa« alway» fofl of her. There was no getting any other wadge into his heart. This so saüätarsd Byder that oas orny shs re rengedberaelf oahim. v ? He had been say tag that so earthly tnrmsawoonld .qaal his: aQ his watehiag had abowa kim nothing fttOsriaJn.' «Oh,' sahl hs. MfIe^oolya^prooî of bse imswesasa,'» bastar tass th* arians? cf das^ it uua<MM;ayf«safc-. Ioss^'tslasp. l!es»^oat--> I aaa't art dW. leary aka dead Oh, au bsartl a^ heart 1/ , ' Tai»all for sjiupan that is sot jooag, 'aarhalf 'so ksmss^ eayonrss&V; WeB, akr.ftl try andean roo of yoar doabt, tf that ia wka terian*, yo«. When ¿rn farwatsasd that Ussnurd, sy, gat his cr^to»«aM »*rsaoa»«r». »Vt «la» rtt W brat jf Jkf~ 9ttm^ $M'yV^t'.mÊntt WI vVoMslf 9Uw, lats! tl orate har husss s al rMs ts heat.' ,, 'HowawyoalSfaÄwOB^ ; .I sssoBtod thstswai, a^aaw tbs way aka took,' oat, ' WeB. he UWr tsaaimuat. Sk* alwaysTinwd him at tim**.' Ay. tir; but ia taos* days bar bloods** cool, sad ats, too ; bat,:bstmnk yoi now, when you tbrsetened the mun with thc horsepond, hit became y5ur enemy.. AU mongó ie sweet ; bot what menge is co sweet to any man aa that which came td hk arma of ita own accord? I do notion that men oamt read men, bot aar woman can read a woman. Maida they are reaerred, because their mother* hare told them that is the only way to get married. Bat what have a wife and a priest to keep them distant f CVtheyererhoMfei^to|s^k#^y? That ia why a priest s light-o'-lore is always some honest man's wife. What bad those two to keep th «rn from folly? Old Betty Gough? Why, the mistress had bought her, body and soul, long ago. No, sir: yon had no friend there; and yon had three enemies lore, menge, and opportunity. . Why, what did the priest say to. me? I met him not ten yards from here. Ware the horse-pond ! says L Saya he, Since I am to hare the bitter, lil bare the sweet as well.« . These infernal words were not spoken in Tain. Griffith's features were horribly distorted, Us eyes rolled fearfully, and he fell to the gronnd, grinding Ma and fnamïnir at the month. An enilentic fit! An epileptic fit ia a terrible eight : the dinnie description of one in our medical booka ia appalling. Ana in thia case it was all the more fearful, the subject being; so strong and active. Caroline Byder shrieked with terror, but no one heard her: at all events, noone came; to be sure the place had a bad name for ghosts, etc. She tried to hold bia head, bot could not, for bis body kept bounding from the earth with inconceiv- able elasticity and fury, and bia arms flew in every direction ; and presently Byder received a violent blow that almost stunned ber. . She lay groaning and trembling beside the victim of her poisonous tongue and of his own passion. When she recovered herself, he waa snorting rather than breathing, bnt lying still and pale enough, his eyes set and glassy. She got np, and went with unequal steps to a little rill hard by, and plunged her face in it : then filled ker bearer hat, and came and dashed water repeat- edly in his face. He came to his senses by degrees ; bnt was weak as an infant. Then Byder wiped the foam from his Ups, and, kneeling onher knees,laid a »ofthand upon his heavy head, shedding tears of pity and remorse, and sick at heart herself. ( .. ., For what had she gained by blackening her rival i Tin* aitrht; of bis bodilr affonr and his ineradicable lore. Mn. Gaunt sat ont of shot, cold, calm, superior. \- Yet, in the desperation of her passion, it, was something to nnrse his weak head an instant and shed hot tears upon his brow : it waa a positive joy, and soon proved a fresh and inevitable temptation. ' My poor master,' said she, tenderly, ' I never will aay a word to yon again. It is better to be blind. My God ! how you oung to her that feigns a broken back to get rid of you, when there are others as well to look at, and ever BO much younger, that adore every hair on your head, and would follow yon round the world for one kind look. ' ' Let noone love me like that,' said Griffith, feebly, ' to love so is to be miserable.' ' Pity her, then, at least,' murmured Byder ; and, feeling she had quite committed herself now, her bosom panted under Griffith's ear, and told him the secret she had kept till now. My female naden will sneer at this temptation: my male readers will know that scarcely one man ont of a dozen, sick, sore, and hating her he loved, would have turned away from the elicit consolation tims offered to him in his hour of weakness with soft seduoing tones, warm tenn, and heart that panted at his ear. (TO BK CONTINUED). 