Catholic Intelligent. VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. CLERICAL VISITOR. On Friday, 11th December, three of the Redemptoriat Fathers arrived by the Potosi. Two of the gentlemen proceeded on their journey to Singleton, New South Wales, and the third—the Rev. Fr. Berghman, from Limerick—remained the guest of the Very Rev. Dr. Corbett for a few days before proceeding to Singleton. Fr. Berghman preached at Vespers In St. Mary's on Sunday night, and in the afternoon he addressed the female sodality. On Monday evening he spoke at the men's confraternity, on advantages and spiritual benefits to be derived from the sodality of the Holy Family. DAYS OF DEVOTION. Monday and Saturday, being 1 the Feasts of St. Thomas Apostle and St. Stephen the first martyr, will be Days of Devotion. FAST DAY. Thursday, being Christmas Eve, will be a Fast Day, and Friday, the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord, will be a Holiday of Obligation. CHURCH OF THE IMMACULATE CONCEP- TION, HAWTHORN. The devotions in connection with the Great Feast of Immaculate Mary, patroness of this parish, were brought to a close on Sunday last, in the above church. At the eight o'clock Mass the church was scarcely able to hold the vast congregation that crowded into it, most of whom went to Holy Communion. The last Mass was sung by the Rev. Hubert Daly, S.J., Professor of St. Patrick's College, Melbourne. The musical arrangement, under the able direction of Mr. Kennedy, was a complete success, and the singing was everything that could be desired. Just before the last gospel, the Rev. John Ryan, S.J., of St. Ignatius' Church, Richmond, ascended the pulpit, and delivered a most eloquent and impressive sermon on the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin, from the 4th chapter of the Canticles, " Thou art all fair, my beloved, and there is no spot In thee." The Rev. Fr. having clearly and eloquently explained the nature and effects of original sin, In which every child of Adam was conceived, save one, and that one was Mary, went on to show the cause of this wondrous exemption from so universal a law. He proved from many passages in Holy Writ that between God and sin there can be no contact. The pure substance and precious blood, therefore, of the Virgin " Mother," from which the Holy Ghost formed the body of the Man—God, could never, for a moment, have been stained by ain. Having thus explained the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception, and shown from the pages of Holy Scripture that the Blessed Virgin, as the Mother of God, is the masterpiece of his power, the miracle of his Grace, and that those who dishonour her dishonour Jesus Christ her Son, the rev. preacher exhorted all—especially the three Sodalities established in her name, and under her protection—to show themselves worthy children of such a mother. In the evening, at half-past Beven o'clock, Fr. Murphy preached on the Divinity and. Incarnation of Christ, as the Son of God and the Son of Mary. "The Son of God" from all eternity, begotten of the Father, " equal to Him in all things, the very figure of H1b substance, and splendour of His glory." " Light of light, True God of true God." " The Redeemer from eternal 1" " The Son of Mary," in the truest sense of the word "Son!" "FleBh of her flesh." " In the beginning waB the Word, and the Word was God, and the Word was made fleBh"—and reposed in the womb of Mary—"and was born man of her." In concluding MB sermon, the Rev. Fr. said that generally outside the Roman Catholic Church the Incarnation was not understood, and the Divinity of Christ was either denied or explained away. After the evening sermon the Children of Mary, under the direction of the Rev. Fr. O'Flynn, walked in procession through the church, singing the praises of their Heavenly Mother. All ended with Solemn Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament. ST. JOSEPH'S HAIL, OOLLTNGWOOD. The memorial-stone of St. Joseph's all and School, Collingwood, was laid n Sunday last by his Grace the Archishop in the presence of about 600 perons. A misea cantata was celebrated in he church at eleven o'clook by the Rev* . J. Aylward, the pastor, in the resence of his Grace the Archbishop, who was attended by the Very Rev. Dean Donaghy. The Very Rev. Prior Butler, D.D., O.C.C., preached the sermon at the conclusion of the Mass. After reading th» gospel for the day, In which it waa. related how the Jews sent delegates to St. John the Baptist to ask who he was, and the reply of the Baptist that he was "the voios of one crying in the wilderness, ' Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make straight his paths,' " the preacher proceeded to say that it m a very natural thing for man to inquire regarding his Creator. In every age of the world the history of it testified that men had devoted themselves to the study of the Great Unseen, and had tried, by laborious thought and study, to spell out for themselves the Name of that Infinite God who bad created them. The savage in the forest recognised the voice of the Great Spirit in the storm and the thunder-cloud, and scientific men. had discovered the Great Author of All Things in Nature. But still there was in the heart of man an unquenchable thirBt to learn more of the Great Spirit and of our dependence upon Him, to find out the causes of things and elucidate the mysteries of the misfortunes of life. We need not therefore be surprised to find the Jews sending delegates to find out who John the Baptist Was. The Saored Text told them that there was to arise a prophet— The Prophet; that there was a Messiah to come to undo the wrong-doing of ages, to restore man to his lost inheritance in the world to come, and be the Saviour, the Christ, and the Lord Jesus. And, therefore, we could understand why they sent to John to ask, " Art thou a prophet ?" Yet, solicitous as they seemed to be, we would falsely judge them if we ascribed to them good motives for their actions. There was a certain modicum of good, but we see from the text and what followed that they did not want the Prophet or the Messiah who did oome; and when tbe angel of the Lord declared to them " There is one in your midst whom you know not," one who was proclaimed by the Eternal Father on the banks of Jordan to be His Beloved Son—they knew Him not. The accumulation of the prophecies had pointed ont the time when the Saviour came; the place, the time, and the circumstances all pointed to Jesus Christ as the promised Messiah ; and yet, though the herald bad proclaimed, "Prepare the way of the Lord," St. John had yet to declare, "There stands in your midst one whom you know not." There must be a cause for this. What darkened their understanding and closed their eyes? Admirable as was apparently their desire to find the MesBiab, they were full of prejudice. That Was the first thing that blinded them. They had shaped to themselves another prophet and another Messiah. They expected that a Messiah would come who would rule them as Solomon bad done, with mighty grandeur; that a conqueror and prophet would appear who would sit upon the throne of David for ever. How different was He who came ! The conqueror—a child; Bis riches—nakedness; His palace—a stable; His associates—an ox and an ass; His father—a carpenter ; His birthplace—a little country village. Besides this prejudice, there were also the deep passions of the human heart whioh received such gratification from that carnal people (as tbe Bible called them). So long as they observed decorum and paid tltheB, they considered that they did all that was necessary, and they did not wish to be disturbed in that belief. A great many of them were leading,wealthy lives, and fattening on their religion. To crucify their wicked {passions and impulses was what Christ taught them, and they did not want to know Him. And there was another reason quite akin to these. Where was that pride of the ancient race, the Jews 1 The noblest record in the world's history was the Jews', the chosen people of God, and all was to culminate In their Messiah. Their anticipations were sadly shaken. He taught them to forgive and be humble, -and told them that His Kingdom was not of this world. They knew not the message of love and peace whioh ChriBt brought them. They were but hypocrites in their anxiety to find out Christ, and their greatest misfortune was to find Christ really the Man-God. It was the same to-day as then. At this day, as 1600 years ago, men were running up and down the world,' asking where was God and the Messiah, but they did not want •what they said. He stands in tbe world to-day, and the world knows Him not. He lives in His Church, which is tbe body of Christ, for Which He died, but men have prejudged ; Him. In the Press, the pulpit, at the bar, and In the senate—by the lowest street urchin —the Catholic Church .was misrepresented anil reviled. Ai. the Jews of old said tHat Christ cast out devils by Beelzebub, ao the Church of God was to-day said to be apheld by chicanery, lies, finesse, Jesuitism, all of which were combined to delude us. In the very dictionary the word "Jesuit," Instead of being interpreted "a holy and learned man," was stated to mean "cheat, liar, deceiver." There was only one amongst the great ones of the earth—one old man, with bent figure and impaired vitality— who uttered his Non possumus, whether it pleased or displeased the aristocracy, the democracy, or royalty, and declared that he had a message to the human race, and must needs deliver it. la this colony we were engaged in a great fight. There was thrown upon us the responsibility of pointing out to the riang generation, with the infallibility of St. John, where Christ and His Church is. We had to contend with the prejudices to which he (the preacher) had before alluded, and which were fostered by s lying Press, needy politicians, and ministers of religion, who allowed themselves to sink their Christianity in thqr antipathy to Catholicity. The Stat* said, " We want to bring up the children according to our idea—to have no religion ;" they wanted to do what Christ did not do, or could not do—to manufacture a religion different from Christ, composed of shredB and patches of every " reformed" sect— a diluted Christianity that served as a dose for anyone. A few years ago these people sold their birthright foir a mess of State pottage, and now they found the ground taken from under their feet, and their children drifting into infidelity, and the Prophet and Messiah they wanted was an attenuated skeleton that no Buddhist or Mahometan could take umbrage at. He (Fr. Butler) congratulated the venerable prelate who ruled over this diocese that now in the evening of his day, when honours and dignities crowded upon him, he was surrounded by such a faithful people, who rallied round him at the sound of his voice. It was not in words alone that the Catholics of this diocese expressed their recognition of Jesus Christ, but in the offering which they made of the substance which God had given them. Iu the State schools the name of every rogue and vagabond of history—the name of every monster like Henry VIII. of England—vas made familiar to the children ; the only Name tabooed in those establishments was that of Jesus Christ. If a child asked, Who Is Jesus Christ ?" echo answered, " Who ?" His name muBt not be mentioned because it might offend the child of a materialist, or a Jew, or an unbeliever. Christian people of Victoria, how long would they stand this abuse 1 Let us have freedom In education as well as In everything else. The congregation of St. Joseph's were now engaged in the erection of a building, which would be consecrated to the name of Jesus Christ, where His little ones would be taught to know and love Him, and where they would be prepared for living with Him for ever helreafter. Let this school be the practical protest of the congregation of St. Joseph's against the present system of public instruction, so that those men who sought to destroy hrist and ruin Christianity would be eally the means of propagating and onfirming the establishment of sound atholic education in our midst. The Archbishop, clergy, and laity then proceeded to tbe school in course of erecion, where bis Grace laid the memorial tone. Paring the ceremony the school hildren sang a number of hymns. The ollowing is a translation of the Latin croll which was deposited in a cavity of the stone :—"A.M.D.G. The coraer stone of the school-house, under tbe atronage of St. Joseph, spouse of the Blessed Virgin Mary, was laid on the 13th December, 1885, by the Most Rev. ames AlipiuB Goold, Archbishop of Melourne, in the thirty-eighth year of his piscopacy, and the eighth year of the ontificate of Leo XIII., happily reignng, the Rev. Patrick Joseph Aylward, pastor." ThepropoBed building has keen already described in these columns. The walls are now raised to a considerable eight, and it is expected that the school will be ready for opening by the 1st March, 1886. The coBt will be about £2700. A sum of £183 10s. was collected on Sunday last in aid of the building fund. CONVENT OF MERCY, FITZROY. The annual exhibition and concert of the young ladieB at tbe Convent of Our Immaculate Lady of Mercy, Nicholsonstreet, Fitzroy, took place on Tuesday last, in the presence of a large number of the friends and relatives of the pupils. The entertainment was given in the large class-room of the convent, which was nicely decorated for the occasion. The first part of the programme opened with a concert of vocal and instrumental music, the various numbers of tirhicb were rendered In a most creditable and agreeable manner. Amongst the Items specially calling for notice were a vocal duet, "Gates of the WeBt" (Lothian) by Misses Hanson and Feehan ; a song, "Till the breaking of the day" (Giro Pinsuli), by Miss Ursula Feehan ; a song, " The River of Years" (Marzials), by MisB A. Hanson; and a " Moonlight Sonata" (Beethoven), by Miss Mauds Sheahan. A recitation, " The' Little Flower Strewers," in which Misses Lizzie Oolman, MaTgaret Gallagher, Florence Stanley, and Lizzie M'Carthy took part, and in which the'performers oast flowers at the foot of the statue of Our Lady, was a sweet and interesting performance, and called forth the special admiration of bis Grace the ArchbiBhop. The concert was followed by a French comedie, "La Grammaire," in which Misses Sbeahan, U. Feehan, J. Smith, Ewing, and Hanson took part, and acquitted themselves admirably. This was followed by a very pretty dance, in which three young ladies were the performers. The visitors were afterwards entertained at refreshments by the Sisters of Mercy. The second part of the programme opened with the rendition of the Irish air, " The Last Rose of Summer," on four pianos and organ. Then followed the performance of the drama, "The Crusaders before Antioch," In which fifteen young ladles were cast. The following young ladies particularly distinguished themselves :—Miss Ewlng, in the dual parts of the Governor of Antioch, and Zara, wife of LuciuB ; Miss Sheahan also in tbe double parts of Lucius, Emir of the Round Towers (a renegade), and a crusader ; Miss Hanson, as PrincesB Gunhilda, wife of Count Baldwin of Flanders ; and Miss M. Stanley, as Amine, daughter of Lucius. The whole pieoe was extremely well performed, and elicited frequent applause. The programme concluded with the march,' 'St. Patrick's Day," af I er which the prizus to tbe more successful pupils were distributed by the Archbishop. His Grace was presented by the young ladies of tbe school with a beautiful and filial address, to which the Archbishop responded in paternal terms. The visitors included a large number of clergymen, amongst whom were observed the Very Rev. C. Nulty, S J., the Rev. M. Quisn, the Rev. D. Quinn, the Rev. Fr. Leybour-e, O C.C., the Rev. M. P. Carroll, the Rev. F. Murphy, S.J., the Rev. P. O'Flynn, S.J., and the Rev. Dean Donaghy. The whole day's proceedings passed off most pleasantly, and gave tbe highest satisfaction to all present. The following is the prize list:— First or Lowest Class.—Christian Doctrine—Margaret Hooper, Elizabeth Colman, Elizabeth Fitzeerald. Scripture History— Annie Lake, Henrietta Hurst. English— Mary Power, Adelaide Salkeld. Geography —Adelaide Salkeld, Elizabeth Kennedy. English History—Mary Power, Annie Lake. Seoond Class.—Christian Doctrine—Mary Sullivan, Catherine Kelly, Frances Ewing. Scripture History—Helena Tierney, Alice Morton, Charlotte Clarke. English—Florence Salkeld, Florence Stanley. Geography—Mary Walsh, Maria Usher, Anna Ryan. English History—Mary Fenton, Margaret Gallagher, Elizabeth M'Carthy. Third Class.—Christian Doctrine —Rose M'Gowan, Elizabeth Blackall. Scripture History — Charlotte M'Donald, Alice O'Leary, Florenoe Lake. English— Mary Peppard, Margaret M'Mahon. Geography — Catherine Davis, Maud Lake. Irish History—Margaret O'Connor, Mary Clydesdale. General History—Ellen Hart, Mary Donaghy. Fonrth Class (sub- matriculation).—Christian Dootrine—Mary Coyle. Scriptnre History—Alice Hanson. English —Mary Codey. General Geography—Ursula Feehan. Anoient History—Margaret M'Guigan. Modern History — Alice Hanson. Ecclesiastical History — Ursula Feehan, Mary Coyle. Astronomy —. Eva Ewing. French—Alice Hanson, Violet Desailly, Ellen Lohan, Ursula Feehan. French Recitation—Maude Sbeahan. Writing—Maude Sheahan. Arithmetic—Lucy M'Q-nigan, Margaret Gillies, Rose Fagan, Anne Mullen, Margaret Rahilly. Algebra— Mary Corley, Mary Stanley. Guitar — Alice Hanson, Violet Desailly, Pianoforte—Maude Sheahan. Harp—Mary Donaghy. Singing—Ursula Feehan, Alice Hanson. Drawing and Painting—Maude Sheahan, Eva Ewing. Plain Needlework — Mary Walsh, Mary Fenton. Ornamental Needlework — Maude Sheahan, Eva Ewing, Alioe Hanson, Mary Stanley, -Margaret M'Mahon. Good Conduct — Johanna Clemens, Charlotte Clarke, Mary Walsh. Regular Attendance —Adelaide Henningham, Catherine O'Shannassy. Crowns of Merit—Ursula Feeham, Ellen Loban, Maude Sheahan. Highest Number of Good Marks-^Maode Sheahan. Order and ; NeatneBS—Maude Sheahan. CABNIVAL AT THE EXHIBITION BUILDING. The Carnival at the Exhibition Building in aid of the building and organ funds of St. Patrick's Cathedral was brought to a close on Saturday night, when the visitors numbered about 10,000 persons. The committee and other friends were entertained by the Very Rev. Deau Donaghy, who thanked all concerned for the zeal and interest which they had displayed in making the Carnival a success. The toasts of the hon. secretaries, Messrs. L. A. Connell and M. Mornane, and of the Press, were specially honoured. It is anticipated that the net profits will amount to about £3000. Before the formal closing of the Carnival, the Very Rev. Dean Donaghy, on behalf of tbe Committee, from tbe public platform thanked the stallholders and their assistants for their untiring efforts during the bazaar, and warmly congratulated them onthehighly satisfactory result of their labours. At the same time he gratefully acknowledged the generous support the Carnival had received from persons of all denominations. CATHOLIC 8OCIETIE8. The sixth half-yearly meeting of St John the Baptist's Christian Doctrine Society was held on Sunday last, i n vestry of the church at Clifton Hill; ft. spiritual director, Rev. M. P. Carroll presiding. Miss Casey was unanii mously elected to membership, JJ was decided that the children's annual picnic be held either at Heidelberg or Mordialloc, on Monday, 11th January. The secretary having read the half.' yearly report, the rev. chairman expressed himself as well pleased with it, and in a few well- chosen remarks on the words— " They that instruct many to justice shall shine like stars for all eternity''—Dan, xii, 3, reminded the members of the importance of the great and glorious work of teaching their Catholic brothers and sisters the doctrines of our Holy Mothers the Church. The report and treasurer's balance-sheet were then adopted, and the following members were re-elected to their respective offices—viz., president Mr. R. M'Kernan ; vice- presidents, Miss M. M'Kernan and Mr. J. Sheetay; treasurer, Mr. W. J. Ditch burc ; hon, secretary, Mr. C. W. Smithwick. The weekly meeting of St. Patrick's Branch of the Victorian Catholic Young Men's Society was held on the 10th inst. ; Mr. J. C. Nolan presiding. One nomination for membership was received. The ordinary business having been dig. posed of, the following nominations were received for the half-yearly elections, viz. :—President, Messrs. J. F. Hogan, D. J. Dunne,G. Culshaw, and J. Hood-, vice-presidents (2), Messrs. T. Davis, M. P. Jageurs, G. O'Sullivan, J. Nolan, J. Delaney, and J. Hood; treasurer, Mr.- T. B. Davis ; hon. secretary, Mr. C. W, Smithwick; editor of Magazine, Messrs. J. F. Hogan, T. B. Davis, G. Culshaw, and J. Hood; Warden, Messrs. D. Tobin, E. White, C. Banson, and D. Daly; assistant librarian, Messrs. D. Tobin, E. Curtain, and J. White; committee, Messrs. M. P. Jageurs, G. O'Sullivan, J. Delaney, J. C. Nolan, D. J. Dunne, (J. Culshaw, C. Dixon, D. Daly, M. Devine, D. Tobin, J. Hood, C. Banson, J. O'Keeffe, C. Arter, E. White, and M. Fitzpatrick. The adjourned conference meeting of the executive of the Victorian Catholic Young Men's Society and the represen-, tatives of the various independent suburban societies was held in St. Patrick's Cathedral Hall, on Friday, the 11th ult ; Mr. Mannix (Melbourne C.Y.M.S.) in the chair. Encouraging reports were reoeived from the delegates on behalf of their respective societies, heartily approving of the action of the .C.Y.M.S. in endeavouring to unite, he various scattered associations in ne body. Several of tbe rules relating o proportionate representation on the xecutive, finances, etc., were altered, hilst the consideration of the remainder as held over till Friday, the 18th inst. he following societies are participating n the conference:—Melbourne, Richond, St. Joseph's (Collingwood), St. rancis Xavier'B (Carlton), and Port elbourne; the St. Patrick's, South elbourne, and St. Kilda societies, etc., eing represented by the executive. GEELONG, The Fancy Fair, which was held in the xhibition Hall, was a success in every ense of the word. It will be some time efore the net amount can be published, ut the takings at the door amount to 135, which is double the sum received t the last bazaar. Too much credit ould not be given to our Protestant riends, who, by their presence and their oney, contributed in no small degree to he success of the fair. There were about 70 members present t tbe weekly meeting of the Geelong atholic Young Men's Literary Associaion on the 11th inst. Mr. P. J. Walace occupied the chair. The half- yearly lections resulted as follows :—President, r. Joseph Kerley; vice- presidents, essrs. P. J. Wallace and W. J. Crough; ibrarian, Mr. J. P. Martin; assistant ibrarian, Mr. E J. Trait; treasurer, Mr. . F. Kerley; editor of "Magazine," r. J. ,F. Rahilly; Press correspondent, r. J. P. Martin; secretary, Mr. 3.3. rait; auditors, Messrs. Rahilly and. enny. 