M CHAPTER XXI.~PEI^ 'a " ¡The sight of this, man's grief strangely im pressed me. That ; he was a stranger to Mrs, Earnshaw and her son/and that neither "of theai' had any. recognition of ,him, had been, plainly evident-to me j and it was.in ;the highest degree, improbable that, theiicasual knowledge, he had within the last fewv minutes gained of their po verty should have produced within Hin the agony of despair (by no other- words-can I'convey an idea bf the emotion he displayed) of which I was an involuntary witness. . There was nothing unu sual in their poor condition ; . people who,frequent, the humble thoroughfares in winch I am residing cannot avoid contact and-familiarity witt per sonal, distress ; there must havel been, then, some hiddén-reason for so violent and poignant a' manifestation of sympathy. I have already said that the man's clothes and appearance proclaimed him to beloncr to the humbler classes. But it was not this which moved mo. , It was that his figure^ shaken by sobs, seemed to add a deeper loneliness' to the loneliness of the night ; it was: that, in the i sounds that reached my ears there rang a note of such genuine suffering for the suffering of the i poor blind weman that it was not possible to i doubt the man's sincerity. v . ; ' " "I approached him, and gently laid, my hand upon his arm. ' .:. ... " ' Can I help you ?' T. a3ked. ; " He quivered a'- .touch, made au effort to i recover himself, aAljihrank from .me : as> though! he feared I intendpÄim injary.- ... "f I meau-you no narm,' I said ; 'ii I caa help you l shall bo glad to do so.' ' ?< ';: ;i;Ayèï"he said, : bitterly, ' I ought to believe ryou~the world is so full of kindness Y ' 1 v' , ' " A vapor, in which there seemed to lurk somô buried- memorial of years gone by, passed across my mind. The voice in which he spoke to me was: not the same as that I had heard when he spoke to Mrs. Earnshaw; Then it Was hoarsé and: harsh, now it was low and clear. I myself was in an excited mood, and thcreforo prone to invest trifles with signiSÀuce ; but my mood was also ono which sharpenA my . observant sense; and if I placed an imposant constmctipn upon apparently trivial uotaih?' I felt convinced, that there .muBt b'o a reasonable foundation-for öd doing. - ? . ? '? -- . ""Truly/ I said,-' there is much unkindness in itbie .world, and circumstances are hard for;¡mány ; but I doubt whether charity and benevolence have quite died out bf the land. I.know^frpm my owñ experience tbat full hands are stretched forth, ready to give.' 0 «'He regarded me with closer.atteBtion, and said, in a tone of surprise, ! " ' You cannot be a working man.' '"I am not,'I replied,'in your sense bf the term.. I am residing in this neigïiborhoocl in the íiúfilméut of-a nüááon in wHchli àira engaged.* " ' You are familiar, then,' he said, quickly ' with those who reside hereabout.* " 'With many,' I said. " He paused a few moments before he spot again. . . " ' That hapless woman/ he said, and his voie grew husky,'and her son whom I assisted t yonder house-are you acquainted with them?' " ' I know of them/ I replied, « in a slight waj It ia only lately that I have come into connectioi with them.' " * Would you mind/ he asked, ' mentionin¡ their name to me ?" " ' Pardon me/ I said. ' You and I are stran gera ta each other, and I would not fot the worli any harm should happen to that suffering womao through any indiscretion of mine. Assure m that you intend them no wrong or hurt, and I wi] give you the information you desire.' r " ' I intend them wrong !' he exclaimed. ' Loo! into: my face and tell me if you see there an; signs'but those of grief and overwhelminj despair.' " I obeyed him, and I saw ia his face the un mistakable evidence of a heart torn by anguish and ' as I gazed there seemed again to rise fron the past the ghost of a dead and dear memorial I passed my hands across myeyes, to dispel th1 illusion. « ! " * Their name is Earnshaw/ I said. " f Do they live alone/ he said, very slowly 'the mother and her son ?' " 'No/1 replied, ' there is a daughter, whon I have seen to-night.' '"' ' Whom you have seen to-night !' he echoed sobs choked his voice as he spoke. ' Do I dream I or is her name Philippa j" ; " 'Her name is Philippa/ I said. " Ho covered his face with his hands, and whei he removed them, said, i " ? I can offer you no explanation of my conduot Look upon me as a man who has stolen th< I spirit of a past charged with exquisite joy ant i still-more exquisite pain. And, as yon are.a gen tleman, I implore you, when I leave you to-night nqt to make common talk of our .meeting. Mrs Earnshaw is a widow ?' ? '" ' Yes'; she lost her husband many years ago Would it interest you to know that in my youngei days I was that husband's friend ?' " f Heaven knows what it was that impelled mt to bestow this confidence upon, him, except that 1 felt that before me stood no common man, despite his rags, and that it might lead to good. ; " ' He had not so many friends/ said the man, retreating a step or two, ' that he could forget the name of one. Who are you P.*, / 5' ¡' My name is Philip Raven.'.'. "He uttered a.cry as though a bullet had ßtruck him, a cry that was almost a confirmation oi a suspicion which had .crossed mo, and whioh wae so wild in its possibilities that it seemed fit only for a madman's bram. I will not mention that suspicion now; Borne stronger confirmation is re quired before I am justified in letting it escape from nie. . .. ".' Warren Earnshaw was ?<. my dear fri md,' I said; for the man did not speak, ' in my little vil lage . of Cobham. Jc He, Bpok'e to me; during my boyhood as no other human being had ever spoken. He encouraged me in my dreams of the;; future. I loved him, and told him so ; andoften in think ing bf him have. I dwelt, with tenderness upon his memory.' . . . . : ' . " ¡'Ia it uot true/ asked the man, * that a stain rests upon bib nameP' . ' ' : ',' f Man's -judgment is too often at fault,', I re plied. 'In my mind no stain rests upon Warren ?Earnshaw. It is ' scarcely an hour since that I told his daughter hoTy l loved and honored him.' " 'If the dead could hear/.said the man, so lemnly, 'your words-would convey the sweetest comfort. They are such as an angel would speak on this holy Christmas night. I hope' .(and here he.'hesitated)' "'that you were' satisfied, during thoge old days you'have'recalled, that the friend you loved, loved you/ ; . 'I never needed a later assurance, I said. *1 know it then, and have known it ever since.' ^,'God bless you, Philip Raven/he said. ' "'lam not the only one who is faithful ; ho holds his honored place in the hearts of father, wife and children.' " « Of father 1' he cried. ' Does his father live ?' " * Ho lives, in wonderful health for one so old. , y'f 'Havo I' not -heard that his .miud used to wander P' . . ,., \ -: .'? -. .. " f It wanders still, at times, his grand-daughter informed mo ; he also spoke of his sou to-night, iii' a voice of . love which, could not he mistaken. The ties of affection which bind the little family together are very strong.' : v \- 41 thank you, I thank you/ murmured the man y * humanly speaking, you may never know what cause I have for gratitude towards you. You may be able to render me still another ser vice. Youare acquainted with the people in this neighborhood. A couple .of nights ago I met a friend from abroad, who gave me his address. I lost it and cannot bring it to mind. Perhaps you can put me on, his track ; he has marked pe culiarities, by which you may recognise him, if you have ever come across him. He is. a saildf ¿ with a wooden leg, and has a monkey for.rcom panion.* . - " ' I know him/ I said j 'he lives in a street hard by, and I will take you to his lodgings if you like, it is on my way homo ; but, perhaps, you would prefer to go to him in tho morning ; it is too late an hour to visit a friend, and you ar© doubtless anxious yourself to get home!/ " He cast a .desolato look around-tho desolate look of aman whose house was thé cold streets, whose roof Vas the sky. It was a look more elo quent than words. "51 must see my friend to-night/ he said. " He walked to the street, and lieft'him at the door of the house in which the old sailor lodged'. This old man is somewhat bf a notability, by reason of certain eccentricities of, character which distinguish him. His name is Peter Lamb. tichard Freeman thinks well of him. . " ' The street door is closed/ I said j ' how will you get.ih ?' ... ; « « IÍ0. m^ffage/ his replied i1 Ûiôre ie a tfgbi in tte window on the first floor. Do not pry too closely-into my movements, I beg of yon.' " ' Shall I not see you again ?' I asked. " 'I was about to ask if you would object to tell me where you h ve. I may or may not come to you ; I promise nothing ; I know nothing ; I am groping in the dark, and Heaven alone knows what is in store for me. Good-night, Philip Ba ven,'you have brought comfort to a wretched man.' *'' At least/1 urged,'tell me your name be name,' he said, in a faltering voice, ' is Paul Cumberland.' " And BO i left him. " What direotion will the events of the night taker-whither will they lead me P They are not in themselves complete; they are inseparable from what is to follow, and I have the strongest presentiment ithat they "are but the precursors of mattere most important in my life. " Let me examine my life fairly. These words mean little or much. They are written lightly, or in an earnest, serious spirit. ''Certainly the latter. I wrote them in all seriousness. I am in no light mood ; I am under the influence of new impressions and new emo tions. Three figures are before me, vivid and distinct, though I am alone. The blind mother, an emblem of patient strength and resignation ; Philippa, her daughter, sweet as spring ; and Paul Cumberland. Between the, mother and her daughter there is a natural bond, but in what mysterious way can Paul Cumberland be asso ciated with them ? This supposed link proceeds not 80 much from me as from himself ; it was in our interview as though he had proclaimed it. It is difficult to resist the impulse to Bet down my wild fancies in plain words, but I will keep my pen and my tongue in check till I have some rea sonable warranty for my madness. I cannot, how ever, dismiss him from my mind ; I cannot, as I would, dwell Bolely on the image of the beautiful gili whose tender pleadings have sunk deep into my . heart, nor solely upon the image of the mo ther, whose life has been só nobly devoted to her children. By their side stands the figure of Paul Cumberland ; I seo his trembling hands; I hear MB trembling voice ; and I know that his soul is I quivering with anguish. Dark ' and inexplicable is the link.whioh he has forged, and all I oan do is to wait to bo enlightened. But do I need to wait, for enlightenment with respect to the others P No. I I think"!know what my feelings are; -Tor the mother a Baored compassion and respect j for tho daughter "Hush! ' To say more would be to betray. As in a casket where precious things, are hidden, I will I keep my secret thought, ,;,so' that none but myself shall know." fore I 