SPORT JLNtiK The St, Leger, Ascot Vale Slakes, Newmarket Handicapcomprise the good things ot to day's races in Melbourne, and although the first-named ha; been deprived of a good deal of interest by the with- umwBi ui .uargUj bdu toe Huaouun UL saaiua BII.I Le Grand from tbe Newmarket Handicap has not tended to increase the nxcitement on that naa, still there are eufihient left in ea:h to gnarantee good sport. If Silver King be the "gentleman" he is said to be by gcod judges, the tbree-year-old event will go to St. Albaus ; but with toch a crowd of runnetB as will carry silk for the short and straight race, and each one well backed and fancied by its (table, the pro blem is a very difficult one to solve. Welcome Jack's New Zealand reputation is so good that he most run well if on bis best behaviour, Gtrfield, Battailous, Blink Bonny Mistake, Mascotte, and Surrey are well tried, and good performers. Sir Garnet's private character is a good one, and his party very rarely mike a mittake ; and Prome theus, when thoroughly well, has shown possession of such great pace that it will take a great flyer indeed to lower his colours. Salvo, if rumour te correct, and the stable confidence being placed in him leads ub to believe it i, has answered a very difficult question with Malua, which pnts him a long way in it ; and tfiere are many other;, including Velocipede, Town Moor, and Tbe Ghost, which are credited with having done snch time trials that guarantees a win for them, bar cccidents. Battailous and Surrey ought lo beat all the Sydney representatives, and, with Prometbeu;, will pessibly furnish the widner, The Ascot Vale Stakes has dwindled down to a modest half-dczen, the proience of Monte Ohristo at Flemington doubtlesB being the c;u;e, az-d bo ought not to bayp much difficulty in dia pering of the lot opposed to him. Yesterday's operations in the betting market had tbe effect of knocking back Conyngsby, Sheet Anchor and Gaifield for the Newmarket Handicap, bnt while this wts going on Salvo, Welcome JacIc ami Sir Garnet haidened considerably, the lost- named at a late honr disputing the hononrs of favouritism with PrometheuB at 7 lo 1, No ond of money has been piled on Sir Garnet, who is owned by a very clever division, noted very much for tbe few mistakes tbey have made, and his wonderfol rises and falls of late in the market may have but little significance after all. Welcome Jack has beon in receipt of much favonr, and pro mises to tread closely on the heels of the favour ites. Very satisfactory new; was received in town yeBterday as to his chance of winning, and a very knowing division regard him with a deal of confidence. Tho Australian Cup i; hardly mentioned, neither is the Champion Race ar St. Leger, The prices in the Newmarket Handicap laBt night were aB near as possible the following :— 7 1 J 1 each Sir Garnet and Frometbons 8 to 1 Coronet 12 to 1 Salvo 14 to 1 each Welcome Jack and Battailous 15 to 1 each Leporello, Maiootto, and Veloolpado 16 to 1 Surrey, jo to 1 Bboet Anchor 26 to 1 eaoh Conyngsby and QarSetd, The Dubbo Gnn Club had a meeting on Wednes day last, when several sweeps wero shot off, the winners being Messrs D. Oamoron, Irving, Camp bell, Dulhuniy and Furney. Our Melbourne corresdondent wires 'Jnat it will bo read with regret that Mr D. 8, \Vanaoa'B Well- known horse Le Grand, winner of last year's Champion Race, died on Thursday at the stable;, Brighton. Thii is not only a very serious loss to Mr D, S. Wallace, one of the moBt popular of Aus tralian racing men, but a gap is let on the Turf that will be bard to fill. The pertormances of the ion fof Epigram and Legend are too woll known to need commenting on, and it is questionable if the racecourse boasted cf jhis superior when well. When in charge of Monaghan Lo OrBnd did all that be was asked, but once removed from his caro troubles came, and it's only reasonable to suppose that he Buffered from an ailment that was not detected by his trainer, Hickenbottom, For some days prior to his death he showed such signs of illness that many good judges reckoned it absolute cruelty to continue working him, and tbat they were right is only now too well known, The turf can HI afford to loose such clinkers as Le Grand, Sir Modred, and Martini-Henry. 