VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, February 2. The following are the latest scratchings for the forthcoming V.R.C. meeting:—Newmarket Handicap: Colstoun, Warwick, Countryman. The Jewel, Chloe, Paganini, King- ship, Chuckster, Ned o' the HilU, Rocket, Umberto, Sarabanda, Emilius, Sultan, Irralee, Royal Irishman, Little Sister, Too Too, Scaramouch, Warbler, and Premature. For the Australian Cup : Madcap, Warwick, Blink Bonny, Precious Stone, Prime Minister, Despot, Anglesey, Pilot, Colstoun, Dirk Hatteraick, The Broker, Bufua, King's Own, and Wallangra. The tirst forfeit for the Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap was declared to- day. The following horses are left in the Newmarket Handicap -.—Malua, Le Grand, Welcome Jack, Archie, Mozart, Garfield, Warwick, Battailous, Soldier Boy, Sir Garnet, Blink Bonnie, Prometheus, Coningaby, Dirk Hatteraick, Ironmaster, Helene, Meteor, Middlcmarcb, Duenna, Angleaey, Countryman, The Ghost, Meander, King of the Gipsies, King'B Own, Napier, Anchorite, Minerva, Mistake, Clap trap, Zeno, Dictator, Paillcroo, Lord Wilton, Surprise, Amelia Victoria, Sheet Anchor, Bisbis, Salvo. Achilles, Sarabanda, Carbuncle, Sirocco, St. John, Espiegle, Hobart. Bucking ham, Anarchy, Country Boy, Velocipede, Mascottc, Town Crier, First Love, Lavington, Babicta, Lucky Hit, Coronet, Manfred, Xantippe, Prince Imperial, Bohemian, Berkley, Hannibal, Surry, Emilius, Premature, Bonnie Scotland, Bonnie Dundee, Hia Worship, Wavcrley, Westbury, Mario Louise, Lepo rello, Pacific (late Bendcmere), Lantern, Nuncio, Rebus, Claudine, Mookra, and Sutlor. In the Australian Cup—Commotion, Le Grand, Welcome Jack, The Plunger, Guesswork, Otf Colour, Sardius, Coriolanus, Chuckster, War wick, Garfield, David, Sir Garnet, Kit Nubbles, Hilltop, Stowaway, Anchorite, Kingwood, King's Own, Silver King, Prometheus, Sheet Anchor, King of the Gipsies, Helene, Quality, Buckingham, Despot, Hobart, Signor, Brown and Rose, Bonnie Dundee, Prince Imperial. Coronet, Acolyte, Minerva, The Knave, and Sheela. Melbourne, February 3. Speaking at the luncheon following the cere mony of laying the foundation stone of the South Barwon shire hall at Belmont to-day, Mr. Graham Berry said that if the colonies had been federated they could have spoken on the annexation question with a voice of thunder to Lord Derby, who must have listened to them. So long, however, as Victoria sent home one telegram, and New South Wales another of a different character, Lord Derby waa afforded excuse for his dilatory conduct. Melbourne, February 4. The South Australian Jockey Club has ap plied to the Victorian Racing Club for permis sion to hold a three days T meeting on the Flemington course in May next. A meeting Of the V.R.C. Committee was held yesterday, when it was agreed to accede to the request. The reason for the South Auatralian Club migrating from Adelaide to Melbourne arises from the circumstance that recent legislation in the South Auatralian Parliament with respect to betting and tho use of the totalisa tor on the Morphetville course practically abolishes racing in the sister colony. No doubt the Adelaide Cup, which last year was a handicap of 2000 aovs., will be included in the May programme. At a meeting of the Melbourne Presbytery last night a motion was carried unanimously for the appointment of a committee to take steps on behalf of the Presbycery to protest •gainst any attempt at annexation of the New Hebrides by France, and to present to the home Government a memorial praying that her Majesty will be pleased to extend her pro* tection to tne inhabitants of those islands. 