WpblWay. Winter has now fairly 'set in, nnd from all oppaarancH will. lie vay dry. Tito plough :i)cii sv'DUl loth to cumnc'ice cptr.il ions, ivitli fuw exceptions. Traili' gcnernlly is very dull, with a downward tippearancii. Our local 'arienor Ins just rulnriiud from Ailiuiiiuauy, whero he hai been iravitlliuu of l.iio to briu' down Boinj verv line Swedish turnips from Messrs. l)u...e.-.s, J. Kei.l, .-.ii'l Fletolinr. Tho last uauiwl Kcn tlo'iian lias introduced several nmv Kinds of poUtues from Sydney and oilier places, it hh'h f-Jioivs .i mind for improving our iliitrict. A'lnniiiialiy is sulferin^ in many places for want of water whero it formerly wanton wet. Water lias now, in a few instances. to l,o carled. ? Grass is better at Adamiuuliy than mnRt other parts of our district Tiikin-j n Konoial view of that neighbour hood, it is making some headway, although if. is fcaretl thu prenuiitpiii-emptive changes into conditional leases will inoro or loss jar its progress Most of the selectors Imve tlieir land funced in securely, although they are unt in all cases tho kind of fences re joircd by tlio present Land Act Thuro is a good .lea! of land suitable for oat growing, which, cro long, is likely to find a market with tho RLperinr meat and butler in and near Cooma. Very good crops of wheat .aro sometimes grown there. Mr. T. Try I had, in one lot this season, ov«r 20 bushels per acre, which is equal to other places. Fine largo potatois arc selling at 7s. per cut. ; turnips, 8s. per cwt. : parsnipp, 8s. perewt ; niiri'-intA 4s. per bushel. Tha Adaminabyites are apparently a pushing, industrious class of men. [ notice, they have a Good Templars' Lodge doing well, which Bpealis well for their progress. They also have started n Juvenile branch of that order, which deserves every oncour agement, as the preventive is better than the cure. You will excuso me, Mr. Editor, as 1 have no other news, if 1 write you a true ghost story, which happened near Ninuty bello a few years since. As heard from Mr. A. N., I will relate it :— Ab I was return ing to my place of abode one cold, winter's lli^llt. the pround finvorpd witli wliifp frost. just liefore I reached the house, I saw a tall white object ruscinhling a woman, uliicli appeared to move. I stopped for a stone My informer was like Mrs. Fossett, fur he did not believe in the supernatural. At that moment, the tall figure sank down info tho oarlh. A ncrvnns feclinjr came over mo, and 1 walked faster to the house. 1 soon saw the i-linat in pursuit. The faster I r.m, tho Taster it did so. I triud another stone. Kdiaapponred as before, and 1 mane ! afresh start, whcnlisrglmslship reappeared, and utrivjd at tlie hoiiso first, to my Iior rnr. I made for the back to endeavor to awake tlu master, but wns followed. 1 then made a rusli f,,r tho door, but was ! tlu.To met by the tall white object. I '? begged c.f it to speak, but received no re- ' ply. I retreats to the back with a (rein- I bling step, followed as before. I made a . second rush, und succeeded in opening the j door, but failed to keep her gliosts'iip out. ! I tiled hard to make a noise to awaken thu , master in the next room, lint my voice ' failed. I tried to strike a match, but no , light was to bo had. After some suffering, j 1 succeeded in finding a live coal in thn ' Crcplaco. With difficulty I placed tho head i of a mutch thereon nnd got a lignt. I be- : livid, a tall young woman drossod in li^ht clothes. She was of unsound mind and : well known at Nimitybelle in those days, ' and not able to speak, had come to tlio ! house late at night. This was her only ? cliiinee to gain admittance and o'ot.iiu ; shelter from the frost. A cup of hot tea I ami a hearty laugh Boon changed Hie g'mst | mystery, like many of the kind if hiiutuJ I up. Peibu .SiMn.i;. Woolwny, 25th May. Tenders called by tlie Queenslaud Gov ernment for 400 miles of telegraph linu to i Uape York, with a view to its extension t ?.- ; Thnrsihiy Island, Torres Straits. Susftiestion : i hat a Vigilance Cimimiitoo | be formed, wln.su business it will Im to iv.irn j ci.nvicluil thieves from the town, and to use I every lawful means to maka tlio residenee of suspects in Uegscxcecdiinily.iinpleasaut. IV.plu begin to talk of sliot guns and rei'olvers «iih which to teach nocturnal felonious trcppaseera a lesson. And (hose who buy only one load ,.i wood per annum are a source of anxiety to their neighbouis who listen in hourly expectation of healing n 'report' from billets prepared for the especial nsu -rf ihosn «ho act upon the principle that ''God helps those who help themselves.'— Bega Gazette. (?'atuku Tukm in.— A. henlthy rivalry (observes 8t. James' Gazette) continues to show itsnlf in the clerical 'affairs of the people of Scotland. Tlif) other day a Dum fries minister woko lo the discovery that a professional brother was poaching on Ilia preserves. No, 1 has a mission hall for rc cliiimint' the children of the highways nnd by ivaj'B, and for a time it prospered exceed ingly. Then there was a fallins-off, anil inquiry led to tho discovery that the tickle bail ns hud gone over to minister No. 2. 13 o ivae of the same denomination, but that only made matters worse. Reputations were at sta :e. No. 2 had drawn away the children with oranges. They had followed bis sandwiches even as the stones and trees ran after Miocury's lyio. No, 1 saw that a dcspeiate rdmmly was called for, and when he had examined his rival's sand wiches hope returned to his breast. At the nest meeting of the Deacon's Court, ho laid the motter before them, and solemnly proposed that tho mission children should be regaled with meat sandwiches ' buttered on both sides.' From an account of the battle which was fought in the vicinity of 13a?heenon March 20, given in our List Knglisli nuwe letter, we extract the following:— ' When the alarm was first raised Oeneial M'Noil waB on horseback 3 ust outsidu thu zareba. Ab soon as ho saw the cuuiu}' he gave tho necessary orders, and then attempted to jump tho brushwood barrier — an easy enough feat, but his horse shied and backed from thu zareba. It was a critical moment, f.iv tiie rebels where rushing down at full upeed and were close upon him. Fortun ately tho General'* aid-doc.inip, Leiuteuant CharteriB, saw the peril of his chief, and gallantly rnshed to liis rescue. And not a moment too soon, for the rebels were at close quarters. One Arab had his gun pointed straight at tlio Geueial ; but Char tcris turned tho shot, and then, quickly turning, cut down another assailant with his 6abrc. As he was t!ni3 engaged lie was attacked with the greatest jury by a lithe vouuir Arab — a mere boy, in fact, not more than ton years ola. The youngster fought like a tiger, n.nd succeeded in spearing .Cliarloria through the arm 1 cfora ho him self was shot fie w.is a uall'-nt little fellow ; be fought with rdl the coi.rage of a man, and sutlered a man's fate. I fancy Char teris will hear more uf tliat little incident, for he saved tho General's |ifc. Searching amongst the killed, we made a pitiful dis cover}'; nt least four coi jrses aro those of women— fitting mothers of daring youUiF, like Leiutenant Charterit's gallant young Adversary. These wo.non were also dressed «s men in the Mahdi's uniform, aud hud fojght like men. The subject is, not h j)loaBant.cueloauyof.Ji8.' ? V ? 