A LONDON AUCTIONEER. The London auctioneers, as a class, are noted for their wit and humor. The fol lowing report of the auctioneer's dissertation at a picture sale will give an idea of the manner iu which the audience were in terested : — HAMLET AND THE GHOST. ?' Here we have a picture now. Vm a cheap dealer, but it appears I'm dear to to some of the ladies ; they can t ma ior admiring my fine figure. But I don't bid 'em to look at me. I want 'em to bid for me. This picture represents, I believe, Hamlet and the Ghost. Now, here you bave spirits en a picture. If you hang this up your spirits will always be high. You don't need to no to the public-house while you have this private for yourself. Bless me ! you don't appreciate art. I shall break my 'art soon. I wish I had the art of persuading you to buy — such a fine pic ture as this. Half a crown — um ! I think the one that made that bid haB only half a crown to bis head. Half a crown ! Pshaw ! Bid higher. Find at least a crown and you'll get a sovereign to wear it. This is au oil painting. I only wish I had an oily tongue wherewith to paint its beauties. Three shillings — go on. Three and six, a little better-half, as the man that married a small woman said. Why, tbe paint's worth that j then just endeavor to calculate the amount of inspiration necessary to pro duce such a marvellous result. Can you find any fault in the picture? Is there anything badly drawn ? Aye — the money I've drawn from you to-night, for I've drawn but little. Look how well that ghost is drawn. It was drawn in the artist's chief drawing-room, so that it would have the effect of drawing more spectators to praise it. See how -well Hamlet's tooth is drawn, but not by the dentist. ' Criti cise the figure of the Prince of Denmark. He's worth half a crown himself, but he didn't even get his father's. Four shillings —right. Pay attention to the moon— you might pay attention to a young lady if there were one on the canvas, but there ain t— and pay me, too, when you've bought this. 'Look at the expression of sorrow on Hamlet's face ; it's an expression of sorrow at his father's being sold to a base death, end also himself being so near sold for four shillings. The picture's not a foul one, but it's so (h)entirely well done you can almost hear the cock crow in the neighboring farm yard. Four and six. We are ascending, but to drop again, as the convict said when he stepped on to the scaffold at his execu tion. Five shillings ! Here you be ! Take it and preserve it, but not as jam ; it's not a pair; there's only one; preserve it in spirits; now our spirits should revive a little!' A Sioux City binder had a book brought to him to rebind. He presented the fol lowing bill :—' To repairing the Way to Heaven, 25 cents.' A French lady from the provinces went to Paris to see the funeral of Victor Hugo. All the details of the ceremony and procession having been explained to her, the guide concluded by saying, 'The illustrious man is buried at the expense of the State.' 'Men Diem!' exclaimed the lady. ' Poor man ! 1 thought the great poet had died in competent circumstances.' An absent-minded professor was sitting at his desk writing one evening, when one of his children entered. ' What do you want? I can't be disturbed now.' 'I only want to say good night.' ' Never mind now, to-morrow morning will do as well.' First bridesmaid : ' You'll never tell ?' Second bridesmaid: 'Of course not. I never do, you know.' First bridesmaid: 'Well, she told me— in strict confidence, understand — that though Jack was poor, they were going to travel all summer and slop at the best hotels, and that they got the money by selling their wedding presents. Now, I wonder if my spoons are paying part of the expenses.' A Kentucky girl was struck by lijrbtning while dressing for her wedding. Without turning around or taking tbe hairpins out of her mouth, she simply remarked : ' You girls had better stop flinging your shoes till we get started.' 