THE BULLET-PROOF. Many yean ago there were quartered in a small provincial town in England three young officers, named Thornton, Andrews, and Waters. The town, of course, had a church, and the churchyard was credited with the nsaal complement of hobgoblins. But above aud beyond these ordinary spectral retainers, which any properly regulated churchyard would be ashamed to lack, this particular churchyard was distinguished by the posses sion of a ghost of its own. Exactly at mid night od the 14th November in each year a form, clothed from head to foot iu white, wonld advance suddenly from a particular corner of the churchyard, and, proceeding straight to an old grave, wring its hands as if in despair, and then rash into the chnrch porch and disappear. So much for the legend. Thornton laughed at the idea of ghosts; and avowed himself a rigid Sadducee in all that related to them. Andrews and Waters, on the other hand, maintained the contrary. " Well," said Waters, " the day after to-morrow is the 14th November, the day this ghost ought to show himself. Now, I'll bet you what you like yon daren't keep watch in the church porch from eleven till one that night." " I'll bet you a pony (£25) I do — come." 44 Done,' said Waters and Andrews together. " Very well, then," said Thorn ton, " 1 am to keep watch in the church porch from eleven till one a.m. on Friday next. Bat, mind you, I shall take my sword and pistols, and if I do see anything prowl ing about I shall try tbe effect of lead and steal on it." Eleven o'clock on the fatal night drew near, and Thornton, escorted by his two friends, proceeded to the churchyard, and after refusing sundry sarcastic offers of strong waters, dismissed them, and settled himself down to his wsbch. At last over head he heard the clock in preparation for striking— one ! two ! three ! stop I ere the hammer can fall agaio there starts forward out of the darkness of the corner a white figure, showing weird and ghastly in the moonlight, and with even motion glides to wards the grave. Thornton started in momentary surprise, and then, recovering himself, rn«hed forward and called on the ghost to stop or he wonld fire. The appari tion taking no notice, Thornton, after a mo ment's hesitation, raised one pistol and fired. The spectre slowly turned upon him, and with calm, even gesture extended its right hand with the bullet in the extended palm, and then turned and glided on towards tbe grave. Startled, but undismayed, Thornton raised the other pistol, and taking a more deliberate aim, again fired. Again the spectre slowly turned, and with the same evenness of motion, extended both haudB, each with a ballet in the palm. Either really nnappalled by the weird nature of the adventnre, or only aetiog iostinctly in ac cordance with his previously-formed resolu tions, Thornton drew his sword, and spring ing on the spectre, thrust his sword with all his strength into its substance. The sword, so for from passing through an impalpable body, met with decided opposition in its passage. Thornton felt a sndden stream of warm fluid over his hand and- arm. The figure flung np his arms and, uttering a deep groan, feu heavily backwards on the turf. Horror-struck with what be had done, Thornton threw himself on his knees. beside his victim, and then discovered that the pretended ghost, and now apparently dying man, was none other than his dearest friend, Waters. Nearly crazed with excitement, he strove to etanoch the life stream that was rapidlydyeing the erat-while white sheet of thesham ghost, but to little purpose; and had not Andrews, who had been on watch, and who hastened np to bis friend's assistance, rushed off and fetched a surgeon, there is little donbt that Waters would have paid with his life for his practical joke. Andrews and he, it seemed, had planned the affair to try Thornton's nerve, substituting for the real leaden bullets those harmless imitations with which erertr Amnfnr mninMi> familiar, and which tarn to impalpable powder upon the discharge of the weapon. They had fully calculate 1 upon the super natural effect of their simulated apparition, feeling qnite confident that the failure of the second pistol shot wonld be qnite sufficient for the discomfiture of their frieod, should that of the first prove ineffectual. That Thornton should follow up the attack with his sword never entered their heads. After many months of weakness and suffering a complete recovery rewarded the skill of the doctor and the sleepless, watchful attention of his friends. The three yonng officers spent many yean together after this, and with unabated friendship, bat never again 'did either of them venture upon a practical joke. 