FICTION. . :0: From Engllsiit A m cri cn u, nnrt Other Periodical*. -:0: THE TWINS. CHAPTER LXVI. " AS YOU MURDERED HIM !" " Heaven has no rage like love to hatred, turned, " Nor hell a fury like a woman, scorned." "WILLIAM CONGKEVE. " I will not give you another franc-I will not !" she protested, stormily. Up and down the long, glittering room she swept 1er gown of bronze-gold silk rustling noisily after lier, her sloe-black eyes snipping. Mr. Dennis Grimes, lying lazily back in a very French chair, all gilded wood and puffed pink satin clasped his large white ands above his reddish head with a complacent smile. "My dear Letitia," he urged, "don't make a scene. Vituperation is at all times exceedingly vulgar, and you are contracting a most deplorable habit of the same. Write me a cheque, my love, and let me go." Unheeding him, she continued her rapid, nciwus walk. The salon which they occupied was one of extrava- gant elegance, if questionable taste. The lofty gold-corniced walls were covered with pictures, cabinets, quaint bronze plaques, and curious carven brackets. On the ceiling plump little cupids played at hide-and-seek in masses of milkweed. The floor to descend abruptly-was of some light polished wood, over which were scattered numerous snowy rugs. The high windows were draped with Persian silks. The present diversity of taste was illustrated by the chairs, all unique and dissimilar. A very short time had Mr. and Mrs. Dennis Grimes been revelling in the delights of Parisian life. A very short time, hut brief as it was, already had ifc scorched the bright hut unsubstantial fabric of their mature love. On her arrival in Paris, where Dennis was to meet her, she had discharged her maid. She had paid ' her munificently. " I am going to visit a friend in Belgium Hilaria," she had said. " I shall probably be absent several months. In the meantime you will doubtless find it easy to secure employment. Before sailing for America I shall meet you here. You will return with nie." "With lowered eyes and untranslatable face, Guila had heard her through. Then she had sucmissively bowed, and taken her departure. But not to seek other service. « More than ever was her suspicious nature now on the aert. She was watching and biding her time. She had kept herself informed as to the movements of her mistress. This very might had she followed her to secure a shawl purposely forgotten. The ser.vant had shown her into a little waiting room off the salon to await her leisure ; and she now sat a not unwilling listener to the conversation in the adjoining apartment. " Write you a cheque ?" reiterated a decidedly un- gentle voice. ." Only last night I did so-for a good sum, too. Where is that gone to I'd like to know?" And still up and down the stiff silk crackled. " Look here, Let., you're my wife now, you know -be a good one to a fellow," went on Grimes, in languid expostulation. His wife ! Hilaria caught her breath. Had it come to that already ? Truly the funeral baked meats had not time to be cold ere they furnished forth this wedding table. The indecent haste was enough to make one shudder. " I am," she cried ; " and Heaven pity me !" Ho laughed airily. " No heroics, my love. You've an unappreciative audience. You were but lately anxious enough to ibe what you now sorrow for being." I She stopped short before him, clenching her hands it'll the nails cut sharply into the smooth palms. " I was a fool !" she hissed. I He raised himself ¡up in his chair to bow deeply .aad assentingly. *'I never contradict* lady." About to reply, she suddenly compressed her lips -swept away from him. He resumed his former lounging attitude. u B/ut for mo"my darling, where would you be now ? My clever will ruse saved you. And how de- lightfully I did draw the wool over'the eyes of that little old maid!" He laughed amusedly at the recollection. Letitia;turned to him. In her suddenly Awakened curiosity, >she forgot her recent anger. " I often wanted to ask you about that. How did you manage it ?" " Why, of course, you know all my statements to liât ancient maiden as to the colonel's anxiety to make a will w,ere sheer rubbish. We were talking that; day on qvnte a different matter-some stocks which he wished to sign -away. I told him I had drawn up the document, and that it was ready for his signature. He signed it, as did also the servants I spoke of. I took the paper back with me, and locked myself into the office. There I worked all night. By dawn the 30b was done to my complete satisfaction. If there is anything I am, it is a capital copyist. I drew up the will to suit jnyself-and you. The signatures, copied from the other docu- ment, I defy the writers themselves to deny. That other I destroyed, as did I also all criminating evi- dence." "And the money to Dorothy ?" Mr. Grimes Bhook his head sadly. " It went deucedly against the grain to give away a cent of it, but that bequest was necessary to divert suspicion. It was a tory neat bit of business all through." "Very!" drily. He rose with a yawn. " Make haste, Letitia," he urged ; " ifg no use drawing the purse strings so devilishly tight/' The fury, for a few moments lulled, flamed np again in her black eyes. - * j " 1 lull you 1 »Ililli noL! ' shu dcuuuud, \u.ah- j fully. " Wo have not boon in Paris a fortnight, and already you've spent a small fortune. I fol- lowed you last night. J know where it goes." I He started. Then the peculiarly frank, innocent smile, which she had learned to dread crept again over his florrid face. " Oh, you do, eh ? Well I've no objection to your knowing. I'll break the bank there, one of those nights. A fellow must have his fling you know. Hore, hurry up, like a good girl. I haven't a sou to ble&s; myself with." With the possession of wealth had come to her a keen love for it, delight in its possession, desire to guard it. She turned on him spitefully. " You have my answer. If you want money, earn it!" His usual cool impudence asserted itself. " I'll give you a kiss for every hundred francs," he said. He was startled by the chango which came over hex--a change not occasioned by his words, for she had not heard them, did not now seem conscious of hie presence. She had grown white as death. Her eyes were dilated. Her parted lips were stiff and pale. Her whole face was full of/ear. " What is it?" he cried. She strove to lift her arm, to point, to speak. But no sound came from her mouth. Her hand fell to her side. *' What is the matter ? he cried again. But still she only stared blankly and in horror before her. Ho went up to her, caught her by the shoulder, forced her to look at him. ." Letitia ! What the deuce is the matter, woman ? You look» as though you saw a ghost." Her eyes met his. " I did !" she gasped. And then she broke out in wild, shrill, hysterical sobbing. A.11 her resentment forgotten, she flung her arms around his neck, clung to him. He soothed her, petted her, his arm about her. And as he did so, undetected by her, his soft fingers unclasped the ruby necklace which encircled her throat. Like a shining red snake it slipped up .his sleevo. And now ho was anxious to get out of sight before the subsidence of her agitation would make the discovery of her loss probable. "Well, I'll just run out and get a cigar, my dear. I'll be right back," he said. " Do !" she entreated. She shrank back in the chair and covered her face with her hands. Hearing his words and approaching footsteps, and fearful of detection, Hilaria whisked toward a tall cardinal's chair and sank down behind it as Grimes pushed aside the dividing portiere. He passed through the anteroom and out. i When assured that he had left the house, Hilaria roBe and went forward into the grand salon. As she drew near her mistress the latter looked up. A flush of displeasure and amazement blotted redly out the .traces of the recent shock. "Hilaria !" Jähe exclaimed. How much did she know? Anything of »her marriage with Grimes ? The less the better. Probably nothing. "I came back, madam, after a shawl I had forgotten. I was afraid perhaps you had left for Belgium." "No. We-I go to-morrow. Why, what where-" She had caught a glimpse of herself in a mirror opposite, and sprang up in excited haste. "My necklace!" She put her hand to her throat. " It is gone ! I have lost it ! Help me to look for it, Hilaria !" For several minutes they searched fruitlessly. "I had it on when I left my room this evening, and-" Suddenly she straightened up-actually stif- fened. Like a flash the truth came home to her. It had been stolen ! " Stop, Hilaria !" to the maid, who, still on her knees, was peering under tables and around chairs. " It is no use, you will not find it." She stood a few moments in meditation. All that was worst in her, most vicious, revenge- ful demoniac, was now fully aroused. He had never loved her, she told herself. What an idiot she had been to have ever imagined he i had. He was so much younger than she. It was not in nature that he should. But he had been a prime actor. That ho liad honestly imagined he once pas- sionately adored her, she did not now dream. For money he had instigated her fearful crime. For money he had married her. Now for money he neglected, robbed her. Of late such strange fancies, ideas, had taken possession of her, she had grown posibively afraid of herself. And now to-night again-less than an hour ago-she had seen- What if that which she was beginning vaguely to dread were really coming ? Oh, she must go somewhere, do some- thing, «to get away from herself, out of herself. But where-what? Quite unheeding Hilaria, she took from a fancy suspended cellaret on the wall a flask of Grimes', uncorked it, swallowed half the scofching brandy it contained. Now she could think better. Ah, yes, she knew what she would do ! Amuse herself as he did gamble ? (To he continued.) 