THE HAUNTED HOUSE. I A TRUE STORY. About & year ago I was called in to see ibe children of an sitirau, focr in number, alio! whom were soff'.ring from a violent attack ! of rever. j Tbe family occupied two small rooms on , the second floor of a dirty, miserable- looking ' house in a dismal street, both sideB of which : were formed of similar tenements, except that some were one storey lower than their neighbour?. I bad passed through the same thorough fare many times, but never without glancing Up at the name it bcre. and wondering if the j authorities, in so christening it, had been | frying to crack one of tboee grim jokes with which they sometimes favour tbe world when i engaged in tbe performance of their onerous j duties. | In fine — very fine— it was called Myrtle Grove, though Death Alley would have been a more appropriate appellation. Groping my wsy along tbe passage, and up the rickety, ill-lighted stairs, I was met on tbe landing by an object strongly resembling tbe ghost of & female apparently aboat forty, but in reality not more than thirty years of age. In her arms she held a skeleton infant. 1 I'm glad you're come, doctor,' she gasped. I had been in many wretohed homes before, but never in one .so thoroughly foul and miserable as tbe one I now entered in Myrtle Grove. The wonder was not that the family were prostrated by fever, but that a human being had ever enjoyed a day's health in such a den. The atmosphere was charged with disease and poison, the furniture was hardly worth the name, and all I could discover iu the shape of ciotmng comprised tne tew hitny rags worn j by my little patients and their parent. I In short, it was the most desolate and loathsome dewliing I had put my bead into after eighteen years' practice as a London I surgeon. J Having examined the children, 4 1 must be | candid with you, my good woman,' I said. I 4 Oh yes, doctor, do tell me what yon I think ?' I 4 It will be better at present to tell yon j what I know,' I added ; 4 and, in the first j plaoe, your baby is dying. No physician on earth can save it. Tne others may possibly recover.' The poor woman looked at me wistfully. 4 But you must renew your bedding, clean the room, and get rid of this foul air.' Her look obangsd. She was too weak and ill to do anything. 4 Have you nobody to help you ?' I asked. 4 Not without paying them, and I won't get any money till to-morrow.' 4 Is your husband out of employment ?' 4 No, dootor.' I I looked round the apartment with a shudder. 'Perhaps he's been U a long time?' Ob, no, sir ; he keeps his health wonderfulf considerin'.' 4 Cnnsiderinff what ?' She hesitated. Is he a tradesman ?' I asked, not wishing to press for an answer to my previons question. 4 Yes ; a oarpenter.' 4 And when do you expect him home?' 4 About seven, sir.' Doing what I could for the sufferers, I promised to look in again during the day, and send a meEsenger with medicine as Boon as I got back to my surgery. 4 A carpenter,' thought I, on reaohing the street ; ' why, the man must be earning good wages ; and yet he keeps his faffiily in that state ! Shocking, infamous I' and I really believe had the father of my patients been near me at the time I should have grasped him by tbe throat end half Bhaken the life out of him. Sometimes in tbe oourae of my professional osreer I had oome.in contact with p&rentB; who appealed devoid of feeling for their off spring and respect for themselves, but as I turret nnfc nf Sf vrHfi flvnwn thnf mnvninre T W. V»V \JitVVO VUBV lUWSUIUgi A | felt sure there must be something terribly wrong about the head of the family I had been visiting. j Nor cccld I, when I locked at the group of pale, helpless children, forgot that I was a father myself ; and when one of thein, a bright-eyed, clever-locking little girl, turned to me in the raviDgs of delirium, and ex claimed, with outstretched arms, 4 1 want to loveyoa, dada ; I want to love you!' her words and voice reminded me of my own j darling Beatrice. 1 During the day I visited my other patients, but the pleading eyes of the sick child who had begged so earnestly to share a father's love followed me wherever I went. In troth, while I remembered that very evening when I happened to be at home my own daughter wonld come and kiss me, turn ing back sometimes andwhispering, 4 1 want to lovs you agair, papa,' I eoold not forget that the same sweet words had been ottered by the poor little one who lay under the shadow of death in Myrtle Grove. I 4 My dear Beatrioe, I'm going to eee a little I girl who loves her father just as yon do, | though I'm sfraid be doesn't; deserve it,' I j sttid, when she came to take leave of me. She seemed puzzled. J 4 Why, papa ?' j 'Because he is a bad, foolish man.' J 4 But cannot you make him better ?' J 4 1 will try, darling. There ! Good-night,' j and shortly afterwards I Bet out on my J journey.' I ' Baby's dead, dootor,' faltered the woman, meeting me on the stairs. Expecting this announcement, I directed my -attention to the sdrvivors. There ap peared irttle change in any of them. I knew that tbe disease wonld have its way in, spate of my skill, and that the 1 critical time4 was approaching when proper treatment m.gbt save them. 4 Has your .husband come home?' 4 No, doator,' For several minutes I stood contemplating the picture of tlomestio misery around mo, 4 He's here nitw, I think,' she whiBpared, and the man w;\lked slowly into the room. One glance told me his failing. He looked sullen and downcast. 4 Th;e is a sad j ob,' he began, taking eff : his cap, and cpmtag1 towards the sick bed. 4 Yet,' I replied, in ft tone that madb him \ Mmim— — — mmmmmm mmmm — — — — — — — — — wlnoe, 'and will be sadder, unleee yon to lo prevent it.' . ' H stared at me, tot did wt speak. ' Your Infant son is dead,' I added. ) Poor little obap I I thought he'd be leavin' i us. He'rhad a geod many drawbacks, for we've bad naught but bad luok and sickness Finee we come to Ibis boose — bare we, ? Sarah?' f 4 Bad luok and nonsense !' said L 4 Yon re t made seme, and bought tbe rest of yW' troubles, my friend, and paid dearly for ( them too.' a 1 IVa not parted with anything in that way that I know of, doctor.' T 1 But your ignorance does not alter the fact I am aware of it.' 4 Of what ?' asked the man, rather snap pishly. : 4 That this bones is haunted 1' They looked at each other, and then at me. ! 4 1 feel a particular interest in the ease ef theee little ones,' I continued, 4 so will explain 1 at once what I mean. This room ie hardly fit for hnman beings to live in ; but the > worst of the business is, certain spirits are i brought into it daily whieh will, in the end, starve yoor wife, murder your ohildren, ruin < yourself, and deprive yoa of every oomfort i I here and hope hereafter.' I 4 And who brings them spirits here ? questioned the workman, with a scowl. 4 You!' I 4 Come, that's qaeer talk, doetor.' j 4 Listen. Yon are tbe only proteotor and I provider o? your wife and little on9f. Hera I I find them in want, rags, and wretohfulnees. j Now, tell me, have yon done your doty I towards them as a husband aod a father V I 4 I'd advise you to mind your own business, I or I'll kick you downstairs, sir ' and ha j glared at me, half savagely, as he spoke. 1 I smiled at this threat, and Droeeededt 4 You receive your wages every week. What do you do with them ?' 4 Can't I do what I like with my own, eh ? 4 Yes ; but the money yen earn is not your own. It belongs to yonr family. When yod married this woman, you promised to provide for her, and on the faith of that promise these little enes cams into the world Now, do yen set fairly, or like a man, when you leave their money at the pubiio-houte, and muddle yourself with spirits tbat make you mad and cruel, and I turn your home into a living grave ? Is it j right or honest ? Aek yonr own conscience.' | 4 My old girl's been tellin' you I go on the 41 spree " sometimes, has she? and he looked | daggers at hie trembling partner. No. I can reoognise a drunkard tho moment I see him. Don't go away, my man. I've not done with you yet.' 4 1 never was talked to like this, in my own house, anyhow 1' 4 Perhaps not ; bat 1st me add that, nnlese you procure better attention for these chil dren, they wili die ; and then a charge of manslaughter will be made against you.' 4 Hum . Who by !' 1 4 Myself.' I 4 Have you said enough?' 1 4 Not finite- Ynn VPM nhilil nnAO helpless little boy. Did pour father leave I you to fight with Death on a bed, and in a | place like this ? Your poor wife's health ia nearly gone. Tbe future is darker than tho j present. Seriously, then, is the pleasure of I getting drunk equal to a hundredth part ef the misery you are inflieting upon those who I cannot defend themselves.' I He turned away in silenee. j 4 1 have spoken for yonr profit, not mine, j Think of what I have said,' and, after giving I instructions for the treatment of my I patients, and promising to renew my visit, £ I left the house. I Twice on tbe following day I visited the I poor family in Myrtle Grove, finding each time a slight improvement in the aspect of I the room, my patients a little better, and tho I woman looking a shade less wretched. Per I eeiving that her husband had some good ha I him, and belie visg that, like most working men, be had suffered himself to beoome tbe I victim of habit, I enlightened him gradually »o du tuo uatuie aua ooasequeuaea or oil conduct. Having msde an impression, I talked to him ROT AS HIS SUPEBIOB, BUT AS HIS EQUAL. Humbly and earnestly did I try to show him the crime, as well as the folly, of drunken ness. At first he listened indifferently, hot I persevered till, three weeks afterwards, I told him that his children would need my attendance no longer ; that I had done my beBt for them and bim ; and tbat I hoped he would live soberly for their sakes. More deeply moved than ever I had | expected to see him: 4 I'm a poor hand at I talkin', doctor,' he began, in a thiok, husky voice, 4 but I must say something. It's not a month einoe you told me what a sooundrel I was. My home is a paradise to what it was then, and will be more so if I'm spared It's all through you, doctor — the truth! friend I ever bad. If taken rightly, yours fa the proper sort of physio for working folk, I dootor. But it's no use — I can't tell yew I otWa t T (sal I rrMl re ubs A wt» Mva jUU l owe Id OQvwV forget ' _4 Well, well, my dear fellow, that will do, I interrupted. 4 I'm quite satisfied. Say wo more about if.' 4 But you'll want payin', doctor. I haven't much. It's all yours — saved from Uw Hope an Anohor." Take it, sir, an' TU pay the rest in a — a month at farthest.' I took the money. 4 There,' I said, ghritf it to a little maiden whose eyes were intently' fixed open us, 4 that is for loving your pips, and he must love you now.' Then, turning to her father, 4 Gall and pay me when you're better off,' I added ; 4 but if you forget, UK never distress you for it. Good-bye.' It was some six or seven weeks after that 1 found myeelf again in Myrtle Grove. The man had not ealled upon me, eo I thought E would drop in upon his family. I saw the landlady. The family had removed ; aha M not know whither. 4 Yes, air, they got some very 'igh aw! jhoutrageous notions into their 'eds about I 'avin' the water-eistern eooured, the 'cm done up. an' ventilatin, and I don't knew what, so I told 'urn they eoold go, an! ge I they did, sir, though I cant tell you where I to.' ; | It was strange, yet I could n6t fee! sb&UU-; Would I ever see my little patieate ' 1 No one oould tell me, lot oyer » V -s? : eat world of Loadbn, are we coming and going. f A few weeks ago, while standing at my iurgery window, I observed a well-dressed roan and woman with two girls alight from an omnibus. The mail looked about him for a moment, and then led the way towards my 1> mse. I heard the door-beH ring, and the jr»r y entered. \- Give me your hand, doctor ; hope you're , ye'u,' exclaimed the stranger. I hesitated. I th mght as much,' be resumed, with a ©.very l»ugb. You've forgot the ghosts of I yrrle Grave, doctor.' , ' Myrtle Grove ? No, I haven't. Are you the father V 1 4 I am,' he interrupted, grasping both my ' bird?, 'and these are my dear wife and c liidren, and we've come to pay your bill, p o or, though I shall never be able to get (>ut nf your debt, for all that.' ' Wt.ll, well, my friend, you needn't be in such a hurry about it. I hope you've had fitter luok since you removed.' ' The best bit of luck I ever had, dootor, when you made me feel that a poor man Lap duties to perform and a soul to save as \ 11 as a rich one. Though I've mended my Hiuation a bis, it'sall hard work with me yet ; )i-:r when I've paid you we'll be out of debt, K <1 then I mean to save something towards flings house of onr own.' ' Y >u won't let those nasty spirits haunt it thi iigb ?' His wife's eyes glistened while he regarded arm very eat neytly. ' Never again. A glass of ale at home Sometimes when my work's done is all I care tut now. I owe -the power to you, dootor. Y« u have done us all a kindness, for which I do.-'i know how to thank yon.' ' But, my dear friend, you have thanked si'- tiost. completely.' Haw, doctor ?' ' iiy taking my advice.' Hot'6 conversation followed. My bill was ees'led rather n?rv,- usly on both sides, while hi p i sod me vo come and eee him in his nc i >ne. I promised to do so. Perhaps I : :nud as well as glad that I had cured ti t p oor, grateful carpenter, whose unlooked- frr visit caused me to pea these few words &V;ut ' The Haunted House' in Myrtle Grove. — 'C&sseU;'s Saturday Journal.' 