Sftetcber* Our Carnival Racecourse. BY GEOSVENOR BUNSTEB. (Concluded.) Well, as I have said the hill, as it now stands, is the best site on the ground. Stand ing upon its slops, the eye catches every foot of the coarse. And as I observe this, I dis cover that a new training gronnd, one mile ronnd, has been recently made within the circle of the coarse. Jonathan, the worthy ranger, tells me that it is the sonndest training gronnd on the whole three hundred and twenty acres, and that it is built on nine inches of iron stone rock and nine more of loam, sand, and tan, in the most approved fashion. Tonder, as he points out—away to the left, are the sand track,one and a half miles, theone mile tan, and the one mile cinders. I am told with a certain pride, that the rolling and harrowing, and such like work in conneotion with these tracks, involve an annual labour covering a distanoe of 7000 miles. In summer the tracks are regularly watered every day. We descend from the Hill and enter the passage which leads to the grand-stand and the lawn. Here, shortly, will be built a covered way, through which the salt of society will pass, unseen and nncriticieed by the baser clay. Not that thiB is the especial object of the improvement, which indeed is projected for the purpose of still further increasing the resources and area of the Hill. Jonathan, big in the pride of his office, pro duces his keys with that air of responsibility which might attach to an old time butler, as he leads the way to an inspection of the glories of the cellar. And now we perceive the full development of a scheme, which has been made in the interests of that other class of the public, the members of which, so to say, travel with first-class tickets in the trains of amusement at race times. This is the swell's region, and proper recognition of its superior requirements is evident on all sides. Place aux dames / Let us enter, timidly and nervously, yet with that eager curiosity with which innooent bachelorhood regards every thing connected with the ladies and their sur roundings. This is one of the retiring rooms. Kay, by the mass 1 but I must laugh. The mqgt prominent furniture in this gorgeous apartment consists of mirrors 1 Mirrors large, mirrors email; mirrors which reflect the face and bust only, and large cheval glasses, which give forth to the inquisitive fair the reflex of the whole of the glories of her form and cos tume. Here, no question, the dainty maids and matrons who bloom on the lawn during Gup week, and whose gay and brilliant attire rival Mr. Moore's mantling blossoms of many colo zed hues—here, I fiBTy, within these rooms (for there are two, each 140 fest long) might be seen and heard much by the philosopher (were he invisible) which would improve his knowledge of the feminine nature. What pleasure, gratified vanity, innooent triumph, mortified pride, delight, and dissatisfaction, have these mirrors in turn reflected, and shall again reflect 1 How many a woman's heart < has beaten high, or lowered its pulses, as these honest tell- tales, set on all sides, have given baok ; a truthful answer to wistful or eager feminine | inquiry I I winder whether Mr. Moore chuckles i as he looks around at this room. For myself, j I own I burst out laughing. ! But not alone mirrors for the ladies. Everything the charmers need is provided. Here and there are hung " housewives," filled with needles, silks, cotton, pins, and the tbousand and one contrivances with which women "fix" themselves. If an awkward cavalier tread upon a lady's train and rip its " gathers," all she has to do is to repair to one of these dainty apartments, where she will find appliances for remedying the evil, and recovering her complacency by noting the facial effect of bad temper in a looking glass. And if, haply, the sun may have burnt, with his amorous glances, her fair cheeks or delicate nose, here shall she find cold cream, or violet powder, or toilette vinegar, or some such delicate preparation to relievehersweetvisage: while she may assuage her annoyance and relieve her feelings by the application of the smelling salts provided by excellent Mr. Moore. By George! I think that, all things considered, that gentleman should be the best lauded man in Victoria, among the ladies at any rate, during Carnival week. Flowers are, of course, distributed in every part of these apartments, for their greater adornment. Gut flowers are also provided; so that a lady needing some delicate blossom to still further enhance her charms, may find it to her hand. Gases of flowers for this pur pose are brought from such districts as pro duce them earlier than hereabouts. Even Sydney contributes ks contingent of blossoms —among which the Warratah is ever promi nent. All this is gallant work; but it is no less policy. While it gives pleasure to the fair, it no less brings grist to the mill. A cunning gentleman is Mr. Byron Moore. It seems a coarse matter, but really I think I am as much interested in the next apart ment into which I am introduced. We have looked upon the purely sasthetic and poetic features of a race meeting ; let us now inspect the more natural attractions. Here, my friend, is vfiiere King Appetite is assuaged. Observe that this is the luncheon room, and consider what a spectacle it must present during race week. It is silent and empty enough now, though one might fancy ghosts of departed revellers flit about unseen, yet hungry; but in the course of a couple pf months its lofty space shall echo to the pops of champagne corks, the crunch of teeth, the buBtle, and laughter, and, truth to say, vulgar hubbub and confusion of such assemblies. Flowers again will be seen in profusion. Why not ? Does not one enjoy such matters the better, for dainty and refining surroundings. If it be pleasant to the eye to gaze upon a boned turkey or a raised pie, is not it the more so to let it rest awhile upon the sweetness and freshness of bloom and blossom? Who does not appreciate the effect of the dainty furni ture of a dinner table ? Who then shall not applaud the conjunction of such influences as are afforded by the presence of sweet flowers. Nay, the taste is classic, and has the authority of the best traditions. The Governor's apartments are all that they should be. Pleasant ts be a Governor I should say—at racetimes anyway. At other times, when pestered by dull " statesmen " and vulgar pretension, the post may realise the axiom that "All that glitters is not gold." It must indeed be hard work sometimes, play ing Governor, and sooth to say must involve an extra employment of that suave hypocrisy with which social illusions are sup ported. But here, away from the disabilities of his office, he and his lady wife and brave youngsters and gallant suite, must have a high old time of it. I peep into the pantry whence the good things are served. Yes— there are times when I would be a Governor. For truly we treat our Governors' better in the matter of feeding than fell to the lot of the honest ruler of Barataria, who got nothing to eat you will remember, but argument and promises. This is the Press room. These stairs lead to the compartment whence the recording angels take note and notice of the races. Every convenience is provided for these worthy people. In that division at the end are placed the telegraphio operators. What a jump all this, from the time when the first course in Australia was founded by the fine gentlemen of His Majesty's 101st regiment of foot. The saddling paddook, or where the gentle men of the ring do congregate to do their business or do somebody else's, is, as all the world knows, under the Hill, to the west of the stand. Here too a variety of improve ments have been made, all tending to the facilitation of the great Carnival of the year. Yonder the judge's stand, wherein the arbiter of every contest places himeelf. By my faith 1 I often think that many a criminal has heard, with less emotion, the fiat of a judge of law, than have thousands who have marked that of a judge of a race. The new stand overlaps the old one, and is built up on an area of land scooped out of the hill. The crash and crowding, which of late years marred the pleasure of so many, is now avoided. The rush will be for the new stand, and the race to the swiftest. The ladies, whose robes are a higher consideration than a horse race, may therefore move more leisurely with their escorts, and take their places in the old stand. The foresight which led the committee to adopt this plan goes to show again their sensibility to the claims of public convenience. But let us get on, across the lawn, and on past the ivied walls and ranger's cottage. I observe that carpenters and painters are hard at work, and learn that they are the employes of the elub. All work, whether of craft, or farm, or garden, is done by men engaged on the estate. The work-rooms of carpenters, blacksmiths, painters, point to the circum stance that there is enough to keep business brisk the year round. The farm work is ex tensive, consisting in harrowing, carting, mowing, and such like operations. Hay is grown for the working horees, of which thereare eleven—such animals as are rarely seen, save in a brewer's lorry, or a horse show. Fat and lusty, they seem to have a good time of it, with a splendid stable in which to pass their hours of ease and muneh their sweet hay. By the way in which Jonathan poFcs himself as we regard some of these brave creatures, I gather that he takes rare pride and satisfac tion in them. On pleasant lines, truly, is cast the lot of honest Jonathan. He has been associated with the course for more than twenty years, and may be said to be part and parcel of the institution. Here is his cottage standing on a gentle elope, and emboseomed in flowers and shrubberies. From the verandah I watch the coaching of the youngsters on the tracks. There are some twenty of them, each, doubt less, as much a subject of anxiety and hope and fear to his trainer, as bipeds, on their en trance into life concern their mothers and fathers. Indeed, there is not a little which is alike, and runs parallel to—the course of a child's life and that of a colt or filly. Each trains for the prizc3 of life, in some form or another, and a similar picturc is presented in either case of the rarity of success and the constancy of failure. A few come to the front, and a few remain there—like old Com motion—stoutly contending against all new comers. But what becomes of the ruck, whether human or equine ? Do they not pass into the oblivion of forgetfulness ? Are they not merged into the common lot, and labor out their live3 in humble shadow ? I often think that a Cup winner is like the belle of a London season, or a society beauty, who rarely shines in the firmament of fash ionable caprice or whim, more than once. And yet see how eager the women are to shine even for this brief space! Perhaps the motive may be the speculation, and the value of notoriety may be turned to as happy account in the case of the woman as in the case of the horse. But what is all this ? I note that Jona than is eyeing me furtively, as I stand in his verandah thus rejecting; and I doubt not that he thinks the excellent whiskey to which we have been treated in his house has proved too much for my weak brains. But I tell him I was thinking that had I the choice I would rather live in his cottage than in Government House, in which, indeed, is sober truth. At which his face relaxes, and though he answers nothing, he looks the honest gratification my poor compliment has in spired. Jonathan's garden is a very glory of blos soms. Particularly am I attracted by the native heaths, which are cultivated here. It is a popular delusion among amateur gardeners, that the heath will not bear translation to artificial treatment. " That" says our cicerone, " is simply because they know nothing about the matter"—an explanation I fancy, of the majority of popular delusions. Attached to the cottage is a small green house, where pot plants are placed in plenty. Sometimes, you see, in this eccentric climate, the clerk of the weather plays sad pranks to wards the end of October. The wind and rain combine to mar the completeness of the floral decorations of lawn and avenue. In that case, the remedy is at hand. The pot plants are buried in the earth, and the eye is satisfied. There is surely something of enthusiasm in these fond precautions on the part of Mr. Moore, to complete the glory of the place, at Carnival time. Of the ferneries, the Ivied walls, the " har dening house," in which plants are prepared for planting out; of the hedges of gazania and masses of pittosporum, of the planta tions right and left, and the whole further details of this most pleasant spectacle, I speak no more. Lst me hope that there will be few of my readers who will not judge for themselves in the first week of November, and that of the thousands upon thousands who then crowd the Hill and Lawn and Stand and Fiat, there will be as few insensible to the circum stance that in converting the public portion of Flemington racecourse into a species of a great garden, much has been done to forward the interests of the popular sport and elevate its character by its associations. We may be sure of this, that the less horseracing is made purely a business for the gambler, and the more its brave influences are associated with beauty and refinement and honest wholesome enjoyment, the more certainly will its popu larity expand and grow. Tonder, on the new track are a dozen beauties taking their gallops. As our trap ascends the gentle slope of the new members' road I watch them, and marvel not at the strong hold the Bport they confer upon us should have upon society. Nor do I wonder either that people who delight in such sports should have been, and should still be distinguished above all others, for their sturdy independence and robust manliness of cha racter. 