Facts and Fancies A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men.—HUDIBRAS. THERE is one peculiar feature about a scandal. Every statement but the true one is readily be- lieved. A vegetarian writes: " Immorality lurks ;n mutton chops, rutaiity in beef, perrerseneas in poultry, and villainy in veal." The snail bonnet U one of the new shapes in spring millinery. There is nothing stow in the snail oonnet, however; not even in the prioe. An eloquent editor thus describes » new organ : —"The Bwall died away in a delicious suffocation, like one Binging a sweet song under the bed clothes." Parlour Comedy.—"What's the matter, dear? What makes everybody look so bo emn V Ara bella: "Sh-Bhl Jones, the humourist, 1b going to give a recitil." The Baltimorein says "a clerk is like a gun because he can be discharged." He ma> also get loaded without the knowledge of the proprietor and go off unexpectedly. A young woman in Pennsylvania want* f 100 damapox f the loss of her " bane" which a gas explosion ca rie.away. A g-s explosion generally comes with a bang in tead of going off with one. "If a man wants to own the earth, wha does woman waa?" inquired Mr. Grab of his better half, after a family matinde a few days a*o. " Well, my dear," responded that lady in a gentle smothering lone, " to own the man, I suppose." M. Jules Grew seems to be a humourist. When a deputation of unemplo ed workmen approached him the other day. he exclaimed: "What grumblers you fellows 'are! Lt ok at me. I haven, t a stroke of work to do, and do 1 com plain!" A lawyer in one of the courts lately threw an inkstand at another's head. The Court required him to apologiso for it. He did so, and added. " While I am about it, I may as well apologise beforehand for throwing another inkstand at Elm the first chance 1 get." An old negro at Weldon, N.C., at a reoent lecture, said : " When I sees a man going home with a gallon of wh'sky and half-a-pound of meat data temperance lecture enougn for me, and £ sees it ebery day t 1 knows dat obery ting in his home is on de same sca'e—gallon of misery to eberyh alf- pound of oomfort.' A famous North Carolina clergyman, while preaching from the text, "He givetn his beloved sleep." stopped in the middle of hi* discourse, gazed upon his slumbering congregation, and said: " Brethren, it i? hard to realise the un bounded love which the Loard appears t > have for a large portion of my auditory." "I tux you I shall do as I please I" shouted Mrs. Miff 'Well, well, my dear, I didn't say you couldn't." replied Mr. Miff. "And you oan't stop me!" " I didn't say 1 could, my dear." •• You'd better not try!" "Indeed, indeed, my dear, I won't." " That's just all such a brute cares about his wife 1" And Mrs. Miff prepared to cry her eyesj •at "You are an awful fool, John Smith," she said to hor husband with mphasis. " 1 know I am," he humbly acknowledged. "And have been ever since the day I married you." " Longer thin that, my dear, longer than that." " Quite likely." "Yes," he went on. sadly, "I have been an awful fool ever since the aay I asked yon to marry me." Parson Whangdoodle Baxter distinguished himself once more at the funeral of an aged coloured man: "Our diseased brudder was married fo»h times during his life," uaid Whang doodle; ''but only one ob de widows am so fortunate as to be able to survive him long enough to be present on dis heah solemnious occashun." An Englishman once boasted that he had been mistaken for a member of the Royal Family. A Scotchman, healing this replied that he h.td been addr> esed as the Duke of Argyll. Whereupon an Ir shman said that he had D-on taken fora far greater person than either, for as he was walkl g along the street one day a friend came up to him, exclaiming, " Holy Moses! is that you V Impromptu.—To three ladies who disputed over their beauty :— Ladies, let the riddle be ( I here is no way to meet it Why, if, knowing each ont-'s worth, Paris came ag^in to earth, He'd cut the apple into tiree, And eat it. " Dear little man with the slender legs, Man with the long, long, hair, Why do you dance on your slonder pegs? Why do you rant and rear ? Why do you bowl and mutter so ? Why do you clench your fist?" " Silly chatterer, don't you Know) I am an el-o-cu-tion-ist." BURDETTE. A story i 8 told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the dram shop by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, and frighten John on hin way home. "Who ara you?" said the guidinan, as the ap parition rone before him from behind a bush. "I am Auld Nick," was the rep y. "Come awa', man," said John, nothing daunted; "gle 'a a shake o' your hand. lam married to a ulster o' yours." Plantation Philosophy—De worl'maybea heap better than it uater be, but a lie still takes de premium ober de truth. Borne pussons takes er pride in raisin' up dar chilun ter be sharp, an' many time« arter da is grown da puts de Sheriff ter a great 'eal o' trouble. Ue man whut makes it his siudy may in the cose o' or lifetime bay a good many smart things, but ho will also say a neap a more foolish things den de man whut nober gin half doctudy ter ac subjeck. Rival Preaciikks — Two candidates of the name of Adam and Low proached probation sermons tor a lectureship, which was in the gift of the congregation. Mr. Low pieachcd in the morning, lakui* for hia text. "Adam, where art thou >' iind mtule v very excellent serino , with whiohthecongreK Adam, who was pre.-cnt, preached in U.e evening, taking for his text the puasuge immediately fol 1-wing th -t of hia rival, " Lo, her; am 1." This impromptu, and bis eormon, gained Mr. A. the lectureship. 