NEEDLES Short, Sharp, Shiny. A truant school. Colonies warned. Another fortnight. What are we doing ? Another subterfuge. Germany will mediate. Russia is not quite ready. Explanation unsatisfactory. "Maritana" again to-night. A tragic fight with bushrangers. Fourteen days more temporising. Indians starting a patriotic fund. The glory of Hindmarsh departed. Both countries still actively arming. How long will the G.O.M. stand it? Kemp Penny is caustic when he starts. "To be forearmed is to be forewarned." Canada will have her hands full at home. The rise in the price of wheat is maintained. The Lord Mayor of London died on the 12th. Of course, the Afghans forced the Bear to growl. Professor Boulger reckons up Tennyson to- night. The rebels in Canada have massacred some whites. A requisition to the Hon. J. Crozier this afternoon. That's a characteristic explanation by General Komaroff. Nuggetty gold is an indication that it is "patchey." England will have the best of this row in the long run. More looks of trepidation than of love the last two nights. The Czar asks Komeroff to explain, and tells him what to say. Even Queensland is to have a permanent force of 200 men. Woodside is to have a visit from some of our ''lords" to-night. Russia, not in condition for fighting, wants more time for training. A little "Kilkenny cat" business going on among the Soudanese. General Graham is bringing the rebels about Suakim to their senses. G.A.S. never travels without an ace ot hearts about his clothes. Mongrel cartridges won't do when the Rus- sians have to be dealt with. Are there any of those "mongrel cartridges " amongst our military stores? The warship Diamond arrived under sealed orders. Off again after coaling. Afghans must ask Russian permission to manœuvre on their own territory. The Sydney boys will not have much more fighting around Suakim and Tamai. In a fortnight the Russians will have 100,000 troops massed towards Afghanistan. The Shah of Persia did a friendly act to England by locking up Ayoub Khan. General Komaroff had no hostile intentions. 'Twas the nasty Afghans "wot done it." Victoria is going to have mounted scouts along her coast. Why not S.A. ditto? A reward to be paid to the discoverers of the goldfields if they become permanent. Diggers at the Gumeracha goldfields can afford to banquet members of Parliament. The Coonamble murderers were desperate wretches. Bullets were too good for them. Does Bizzy mean to intimidate Australia by sending that formidable corvette to our waters. Oh! that the ghost of Dizzy would visit the G.O.M. and inspire him with a little boldness. There will be a lot more left tenants (lieu- tenants) in S.A. if the Rooshuns come—left for the hills. Read the accounts of those battles in the Soudan, and then say whether British valor is a thing of the past. More glances "chucked" at the Post-Office tower on Saturday and Sunday nights than ever before recorded. Old Blood and Iron getting sick of his trade. He now believes in national disputes being settled by arbitration. De Lesseps and party concluded their exami- nation of the Panama Canal on February 10, and pronounced it a success. Chief-engineer Melville, of the Jeanetta ex- pedition, wants 130,000 dols. to reach North Pole by Franz Joseph Land. The British coalfields are rapidly being exhausted. The output last year was one hun- dred and sixty-four million tons! Arrangements have been made by our Government to inaugurate certain defensive measures—after the declaration of war. The death is announced of Mr. Hotchkiss, an American gunsmith settled in France, and the inventor of the "cannon revolver." Even European diplomatists—who are not guided by the most sensitive consciences—de- clare that the Russians are in the wrong. No doubt the Russians told Ayoub Khan that if he would create dissension in Afghan- istan they would put him on the throne. The crowded state of the London theatres show there is a vigorous determination to be amused, and no signs of faint-heartedness, albeit there is a faint cry of distress in England and a fierce one all over the world. Five new volumes are promised in Mr. H. Ingram's "Eminent Women" Series, namely —"Mdme. Roland," by Matilde Blind; " Susanna Wesley," by Eliza Clarke; "Mar- garet of Navarre," by Bella Duffy; "Vittoria Colonna," by A. Kennard. More burlesques are promised on popular plays. Two from the pen of Mr. F. C. Burnand are said to be in active preparation at the Gaiety Theatre, London, one on "The Courier of Lyons," and the other on the old equestrian play "Mazeppa." Mozart, who while he lived wanted bread, now gets a stone. Vienna is building him a monument to cost 50,000 dollars, which is much more than he received for the whole work of his life. He died in want, and his uncoffined corpse was thrust into a trench in the potter's field. Mr. Trubner, the well-known publisher, left a fortune of £100,000, in addition to the value of the business and stock. Mr. Trubner went to England from Heidelberg forty years ago, with only a few pounds in his pocket, and began his career in London as a clerk in Messrs. Longman's house, Experiments have for some time been made in Belgium for preserving wood by exhausting the air from the pores and filling them with liquid guttapercha. The guttapercha is liquefied by mixing it with paraffin and sub- jecting it to heat. After it is introduced into the pores it hardens as it becomes cold. Despite the heroic efforts of the German students, England still retains her reputation as the greatest beer-drinking country of the world. Some recently compiled statistics show that while England's 27,000 breweries produce 990 million gallons of beer in a year, the Germans, with 2,000 fewer breweries, make 900 million gallons. An eccentric marriage is reported from Canterbury (England). An engaged couple had to seek shelter in the workhouse. A lady becoming interested in the destitute lovers, a marriage was arranged and the ceremony carried through, though the newly-wedded couple have again had to seek the hospitality offered by the guardians. Labouchere, of London Truth, says that how he knows is no matter, but he does know who is at the bottom of the dynamite outrages. "His name is McCafferty. He is one of the most dangerous of human beings—an honest fanatic. He made some money in mines, and is a most resolute personage. He is now—or was when I heard of him—in America." The largest room in the world under one roof and unbroken by pillars is in St. Peters- burg. It is 620 feet long by 150 feet in breadth. By daylight it is used for military displays, and a battalion can completely manoeuvre in it. Twenty thousand wax tapers are required to light it. The roof of this structure is a single arch of iron, and it exhibits remarkable engineering skill in the architect. M. Pasteur says that bisulphide of carbon is the cheapest and most efficacious of all anti- septics, and that it is also the best insecticide known, especially in tropical countries. It costs but the fraction of a penny per pound to produce. In France upward of 8,000,000 lbs. of it are now annually used to prevent the ravages of the phylloxera. It is said to be capable of such purification as not only to lose its objectionable smell, but to become almost a perfume. A correspondent with the Nile Expedition writes that the camels are great lovers of tobacco. Let any one smoke a pipe or cigar in the camel enclosure, and the camel will follow the smoker about, place his nose close to the burning tobacco, inhale the fumes with a prolonged sniff, swallow the smoke, then, throwing his head up, with mouth agape and eves upturned, showing the bloodshot white, will grunt a sigh of ecstacy which would make the fortune of a comedian in a love scene. 