TIPS Br RATAPLAN. \ Considerable interest is being mtvnuced in tbo Victorian Amateur Turf Club's owning meeting of the scwon, .which takes put to morrow at Cuulfiold. Large fields, wit j|. tcrcstinc contests aro likely to be seen teach event, and should line weather prevmlau unusually large attendance, of visits is expected to be present. \o chief items of interest, both to backig nud layers aro 'the two jumping events, ov. which ft large amount of speculation hu already token place, and before the decision 0 tbo Hurdle Race, it is more than probable tbnt fresh, nud hitherto unbacked candidates,' may como prominently into tho markot. The Agent with all his weight will be bard to beat (if started), while in tho samo stable is Agitation, who, when thoroughly well, is not many pounds below the chesuut Rorse. 1110 same stable, it may be noticed, are represented in the Steeplechase by Koticent and Governor. Reverting once more to tho Hurdle Race, I como across tbo name of Tattler, who must perform well under such # n favorablo impost as Ust 18u>, while Ilippogriff, who can both jump and gallop is not out of court with l()3t lib. Iu the Maiden llurdlc Race at Flemiugton nothing was going better than Oculist whon lie fell, and Vulcan is fo liberally treated with only Ust 71b, that he may bo written as almost certain to start Lizettc, with Ust 111b, will run very well iu the Steeplechase, providing she gets over the first couple of fences safely ; and Governor, who is partial to the Caullield country, will also perform well tinder list 51b, as also should his stable companion, Reticent, with 10st 81b. A large field will probably saddlo up for the Balaclava Stake?, as well as for tho Sapliug titakes. Stipulating for a run with each selection, the following may be the result :— Stakes.— Anita, 1 ; Manxman, 2 ; Louiso Bertlia, 8. Hurdle Rack.—' t jib Aukntot Agitation, 1 j Tho Ghost, 2 ; Tattler, 8. Bulling Rack.— General Scoreloff, 1 ; Breeze, 2 , Cinclnnatus, 8. Stkiu'uichase.— Governor or Reticent, 1; Wvmtet, 2 ; Studloy, 8. balaclava stakb9.— gipsy's warning,!; Stationer, 2 ; Tho Bey, 8. . 