Historical Parallels. TO THE XDITOR OF TBI DAILY TELEGRAPH. Bit,— In a letter yon did me the favour to publish tcme days back, I ventured to qtustlon the truth of aD steer lion that Ihe Ministry in New South Wales hod followed a policy similar to that which con ducted Obarles I.'s Minister Strafford to the block. Your coneepondent " Pasquin" endeavours to main tain the justice of his historical parallel in a letter in yonr Friday's issue, will yon kiodiy allow me ' rpace to give eome reasons for donbtiog that the tyrannical policy ot Btrafford has been repented here. " Psrqnin " finds fanit with my statement tha Strafford waa impaached for " an attempt to subvert ' the fundamental laws," and advises me to make my self better acquainted with the history of the period before attempting to enlighten others. The words howaver, are not mine, bat David Home's, who thus defines the crime that the 28 articles of impeachment were intended to prove. The historian points cnt that the statute of Edward III. dearly describee the crime of treason, and he then proceeds:— " Bnt with regard to this gnllt, an endeavour to subvert the fundamental laws, the statute of treason is totally ailent ; and arbitrarily to introduce it into the fatal catalogue, is itself a subversion of aU law." The lucid exposition with which "Pasquin" ironically credits me, is not mine, but the historian's. " Patqmn " then goes on to inform me that the law ot England is silent with respect to offencea against itself, and that Bnch a crime would have carried no legal ccntequsucss. My Imperfect knowledge of the hlBtory of the period yet incindea the criminal's defence, and be complains that be is tried for an c Hence unknown to the law. If 1 bad attempted to five an abstract of the charges, I ehonld have failed, preferred to take that which the histotlan sup plied me. Strafford, in his defence, sake." Where has thiB species of guilt lain bo long concealed 7 Where has tbiB fire been bo long buried during so many centuries, that no smoke ehonld appear tilt it bnrat ont at once to consume me and my children?" "Better it were to live ncder no law at all tbanfanoy we have a law on which we can rely and find at last that this law shall inihet a punishment precedent to the promulgation, and try os by maxims unheard of till the moment of the prosecution." " Where ii the mark set upon this crime, where is the token by which I should discover it?" "Parquin" informs me that everyone but myeelt perfectly understands the end and aim of Etrafford's "thorough" policy, and then continues: "A parliament he (Strafford) looked upon as a mere instrument ot the prerogative, and his desire waa to mock the vital principle ot repre- tentation by preserving the form without the sub- etance, jcBtae taa been attempted by Mr Dalley in the prceent instance." And he proceeds to tell me that if 1 read history with more care, I shr.'l see that the factB are as be bee stated, and that his parallel is a perfectly just one. The state ment that Strafford looked upon a parliament as a mere instrnment of the prerogative is rather a reckless one. Permit mo to quote Straf ford's own words : speaking in Parliament before ha had sold himself to the Court, he said : " We must vindicate: What? New things? No: Oar ancient, legal, and vital liberties, by reinforcing the lawa enacted by onr ancestors ; by settiog upon them such a stamp that no licentiona spirit aboil dar henceforth to invade tbem. And shall we deem this a way to break a parihment. No t Oor desires are modest and jnBt. I speak both for the interest of king and people." Is this the language of a man who " looks upon parliament ae a mere Instrument of the prerogative ?" That after he had deserted the popular canee he would have gladly seen It sank to this level ie true, bnt as an existing institution he looked npon it with a most well-fomded fear, wished , to fly the kingdom to escape its resentment, ssd only trusted himself in London on the solemn assurance of the king that not a hair of hiB head ebonid be tonched; As to the facts, it !b indisputable that eleven years, the longest interval known in our annals, elapsed with-r out a parliament being held, that daring this time the fundamental laws were constantly broken— lawi which the "Petition of Bight" bad re-enacted, and Englithmtn had no voice in the government ot the country. With all due deference to your correspon- neut X think that this fact justifies the conclusion that neither king or Minister desired to preserveeven the " form of popular representation"; and that had not onr ancestors been made of sterner stuff than to submit witbont a straggle, Charles would soon have been able to say, as Loafs the Fourteenth did say to the Minister who spoke to bim of " The State." " The Btate, I am the State I" In New Sonlh Wales we have seen a Ministry, enjoying the confidence of the irpreerntatives of the people, anticipating their v iebes and calling them together at the earliest date, to sanction and endorse their policy; In Strat ford's day it wee not till the king and Minister were at thtir wits' end for money, not till they had literally begged, borrowed and stolen nil tbey conldlay their hands on, and bad a war with Scotland on their bands, and annnpaid army mutiny ing and murdering its officers, that tbey as a last resource ventured to call Parliament together. In New Sonth Wales, the fullest and freest discussion of the measures of the Ministry baa preceded the vote of supply. In Btrafford'e day the king wished supply to precede any inquiry into the grievances of the nation, declaring on his honour aa a prince, and his word aa a gentleman, that tbey should have tima given them to inquire into grievances afterwards, The Parliament had no confidence In either innrnntee, and the king hastily dissolved it, only to find Btiil sterner npponenta in the Long Parliament, which succeeded it. An historical contrast would be neater the right phrase than an historical parallel, since the closer we look into the facta the more striking the differences apnear. The whole surroundings of the two periods are different. The inatltntion which we term a Cabinet had no existence in Btrafford'a day. Macaolay has traced its rite and development in one of his most interest ing chapters. The great officer of State were in fact as well as in name " the King's eervant," appointed by bis will, removable at nis pleasnre. Parliament conld do little for tbem, tha king everything Behind Straf ford stood the king, wielding a power vastly larger than that enjoyed by royalty in onr day ; able to make a private Hentlemen the greatest man in three kingdoms, os Jamea made Backiogham ; able to re duce bim to a private station again at a word ; able and willing to rbower honours and riches on the ncscrupnloDB Minister who increased his power at tbo expense of the liberties of the people. Behind Mr Dslley, behind any Cabinet, stand "the sovereign people," both here and England. From the peopls power is deriv-'d, as a troll for the people it is held, by the will of the people Ministries are raised to office or dismissed from it. If Mr Datley has only left ns the form without the substance of representa tion, it is undeniable that the form be has preserved bad the power to reverse his policy, recall the troops, and dismiss him from the sonny-fliopca of the Trea sury to Ihe cold shadow of the Opposition benches, a very real and sensible reverse to tcceive at the hande of a form without a substance, which one would deem to be snch a shadowy and immaterial kind of thing that it would he as useless for hard knocks as the trnnchecn of the Ghost in Hamlet. Mr DiUey, in the parallel, stands for Strafford. Who and where is Charles the First ? A policy of "thorough," without a king to benefit by it is like the tragedy of Hamlet with the character of the Prince of Denmark omitted. Is Mr Daliey supposed to double the oharoctere like the bard-worked " general utility" man in a short- handed theatrical company? Docs he go off at one dcor es the wicked minister, and come on at another as the tyrant prince ? This dual role is open to one great objection, a vote ot censure which dismissed tha Minister would depose the king. "Pasquin" cays that I have taken np the cant cry that Hog- iatd'd wars arc neceeBarily onr wars. I said Eng land's enemies are onrs while we remain subjects of the British Empire, a proposition too indisputable to ce>.d argument to support it, It will be time enough to consider Iheqcts ion f laxstirn when thtCOlt&M; ate itpirt sttd in the toincilo of the Empire that ie; mrnuiirr si co'd ard will prrcrde taxation I do cot dtiibt. That English state! men before oraftot that event will ihii k cf " taxing the colonies ss a hippy mrcrs of reducing the natioial debt," ai '-Faiqr.ii.' supgrste ibey mo do, is A dargtr of th- time kitd that that pleasant vmrlet Will fhak.sptare stroke of as " 0 perilous shot Ont cf an elder gun." Whin English Ministers come to te chcren by lot, and in <qnal oropoilicno, from aa sy lom for inioto t cd hoopitait or criminal innatcg. such a proj-ct may possibly meet with th approval of a Cabinet so constituted, and when such a Cabinet lay the proposal tefore the Imperial Parliament the task of carrying it in that assemb'y will be about Ai sssy a one, as (to qnote Sweet Will agein) "to g) shoot to tnrn the enn to ice by fanning in hia fees with a pesccck'e feather," I am not going to tilt a: n windmill became " P-iqnia" point it oat and tells me it is n giant. Yonr correspondent politely td vires me to snpplemrnt my eppsrently imperfect reeding of history by attempting to realise the outcome of the attempt to impose tna Tea Tax in America. My imperfect reading ot the history of that period red me to believe that American grievance go far ther back than the teetax; tbst tbataltempt was bnt a match applied to n. train. .already laid ny nnjnat politic, and vrxations interference with American im- commerce. I share this belief with a number of other ill-informed individuals who signed n doca- menttbat madeaome little noise at the time, and wss even printed— n document called a " Declaration of Independence. " In this paper, a copy ot whioh is still to be met with occasionally, I find that the taxation grievance ie one of many other. Mv iu- p.rfect knowledge of that period also extendi to the rreches of some obooore lndlvidnsls, named . Chatham, Snrke, and Fox, who predicted' with fingn'ar force and clearness the result which followed. Ab theee men and other who were called by th ridicnlons name of Whigs have left some descendants behind tbim, and as another body ot men called be the singular name of Tories,' stole their clothes while i hey were bathing one day and appropriated. aomA pspsrs which treated . of colonial affairs, ont of the pcckets, I indulge in the belief that the errors, the blunders and mistakes of George Grenville and Lord VftrlK eve nnfi at mil lilraln 4 «v ke oaiuoioJ . . Vaau avw»vw| aaav uw sew anas iiavii aw uu cisstcu — lunig. c., B. AUD3LEY. Paddington, 24tq March, 