COUNTRY LETTERS. WOOLUNDUNGA, April 14. It gives me great pleasure to be able to write of a very satisfactory rainfall; over an inch has fallen, and it still continues showery. It is pleasant to hear the the continuous dripping of tho rain drop after th«i prolonged dusty dry weather we have had. There is already a decided tinge of green over the plains. Tho farmers everywhere are now hardworking, hopeful, and happy. Notwithstanding the Jow^price of cereals, a much increased area will be put under crop this year. I regret to announce the death of the wife of Mr J. Watts J.P. a lady much respected, and an old resident. All classes of stock will now rapidly improve in condition ; the prospects for the lambing were never brighter, and special care should be taken of eveiy lamb this year, as young sheep will be very valuable after shearing. As much as 14s. haB been refused here for in lamb. young ewes PORT GERMEIN, April 12. The Bishop of Adelaide was here to-day opening the new Anglican Church. The weather was, however, very stormy, consequently the attendance was not so large as anticipated.—Rain has been wanted badly for some time, and to-day it set in very wet to our great satisfaction.—Much regret was expressed here on hearing that Lieutenant Mullighan, of the local R.V.F. Company, had been expelled. It appears the Captain tried to govern the corps with unusual military severity, thinking, no doubt, that when he donned his regimentals the lower officers and privates should fall down on their knees and worship him ; but this did not come to pass, his vanity was consequently wounded, and he put on a few more airs; this at laBt became so unbearable that the men got up a requisition, asking him to resign, and got the Lieutenant to present it to the Captain. But instead of taking the hint and acting on it, seeing the men held him in contempt, the Captain forwarded the requisition to the Staff Office, ignoring the R V F. Council, and no doubt through the exaggerated report sent in with it, and a bit of wire pulling done behind the scenes also, he has had the satisfaction of seeing the Lieutenant expelled. It is a pity for the company ; for now it has lost a man who really was its head, who had more military aptitude and tact about him than all the rest of the company, officers, and privates, put together. A public dinner is to be given to Mr Mullighan on Wednesday next by the residents, who are desirous of showing their sympathy with him and their disgust at the high handed and officious conduct of the captain. It is most probable the latter will have the pleasure of being captain of the Port Germein Rifle Company in name only before long.—A meeting, to consider the advisability of altering the time of mail delivery at night, is to be held on Monday evening, as the late alteration of railway time tables makes the arrival of the mail here nearly an hour later, and consequently much inconvenience is caused. SILVERTON, April 9. Since I last wrote we have been favored with a very nice fall of rain, one inch and a quarter being registered, which came in very opportunely.-A new rush is reported at the Pack Saddle, about one hundred and twenty mile* north-east from here. I am given to understand that several claims have been pegged out and leases applied for, but the nutter is being kept very quiet.—\ am glad to be able to say that the fever which has cawed such a scare here is rapidly passing away an^ —Good Friday passed off very quietly: scver.-l masons, carpenters, and other mechanics were slopped working by the police *cuth Australians could not uoders;aud t!.e ultra scrupulosity of the New South Wales authorities in such a matter Athletic Sports were held on the old racecourse on Easter Monday, and a lengthy programme was carried ont very fairly. The meeting was the fin«tof the kind ever field in Kilvtrton. W. R. Kimbor, of Port Pine, put some good men through in the Pilverton Handicap, in three events, winning the first two with ease. Tbe Wrestling Match offered great amusement, and after several severe tussles, the prize fell to a Cornish, miner from Moonta. TbB local Brass Band enlivened the day's proceedings with very creditable music, considering the short time the fa^nd has been in existence. The weather was all that could bo desired, and a good muster of spectators came in from the field. The day's amusement was wound up with a match for £5 a side, distance half a mile, between two local horses, Bob Roy and Sir Tom, the latter winning. Tb« whole proceedings passed off very successfully, and what speaks well for Silverton is that there was not the ghost of a fight or disturbance of any kind throughout the day.—Another good find has just been made by MCS-TS Wood an<i Johnstone, both of Purnamoota, within 20 miles of that place. An assay of S4 65 per cent, of lead, and 648oz. of silver to the ton, has just been obtained from this ore.—All our publicans have just been fined for Sunday trading. WlLMiKGTON, April 16. On Tuesday, the 14th instant, the Bishop of Adelaide arrived in thiB town, for the purpose of laying tbe foundation stone o£ the new Anglican Church, which ceremony was performed at 3 30 p.m. Before the hour about 120 people had gathered around the site, when Bishop Kennion arrived, accompanied by our new resident clergyman, the Rev. H. Mason, who opened the special service with prayeT. followed by the hymn "All people that on earth do dwell," and after the formal 1 >ying of the stone, tbe hymn, The Church's one foundation," was sung. The Bishop then gave a short and impressive address,which was greatly appreciated by all present, and in which he alluded to the recent battles in Egypt *nd the prospects of war going on under the same flagwhich then floated above him. The congregation were appealed to! on behalf of the Building Fund, to lay their offerings upon the stone, and the appeal was generously responded to the sum of £27 being collected. A public tea was held in the Institute Hall at 5 p m , and a goodly number Bat down to the four tables,which were very prettily dscorated with flowers, and provided with the usual delicacies, for which I think the Mesdames Mas-.in. Tuckwell. Pi-kering, and Latorff who presided, deserve great praise. After tea the hall was cleared, for what was advertised as a lecture from the Bishop. At 7 30, the body of the hall being well filled, the Bishop entered and was received with great applause. After the election of a chairman, which fell on Mr C. H. Tuckwell, and a little music, the Bishop rose to give his address, and said he had lost the notes of bis intended lecture. He held in his hand one of the large placards of tbe day's programme, on which a pleasant address was given, its principal point of interest being Bible and religious teaching in State schools. The Bishop said that South Australia was one of the only three countries in the world which excluded religious teaching from its schools, and asked if this w.is to remain unaltered, and our children to be educated in ignorance of the Divine Being ? Our children should be our first thought, and he hoped ere long that the Government would see tbe errors in the Education Bill, which had been clearly shown bo<h by theory and practice. The address was brought to a close by soliciting the sympathy and co-operation of all in the great work which they had that day begun. During the evening, glees, vocal solos and duets, and a pianoforte solo were given by lady and gentlemen amateurs. After siiigiug the National Anthem, and sitting down to supper, the proceedings terminated, the Church Fund having been augmented by £47, the gross amount of day's takings. WILSON, April 16. Seeding operations are in full swing throughout the district, and the splendid rains at the opening of the season have encouraged the fanners to put in all they can. Some crops are already up and doing well, and with the fine rains on Sunday night they will get well advanced before t' e frost troubles much—We have a lot of full grown grasshoppers about here.—Constable Mathews is to be removed from here to Petersburg. We are very sorry to part with so good an officer, and the happy way he has of suppressing rows and arranging matters generally, and his abilities as an officer, have earned for him the good-will of all in this neighborhood. 