Ladies Page. Gipsy's Notes. Mayor's Ball. Invitations on very artistic cards have been issue by the mayor, Mr. Playfair, and the mayoress, Mrs Baily, to a ball in the Town Hall on Wednesday, 30t: instant. And, helped by past memories, Sydno; citizens look forward with agreeable anticipations t a happy evening. Hunter's Hill. A very enjoyable dance was given on the 28th ii the Council Chambers by a few enthusiastio gentle men, one of whom supplied some perfect music foi the occasion. This duty was shared by a good manj others, but only ono young lady was able to compete with him in that line, and she could not be spared, as ladies wero very scarce. Notwithstanding the unpre- tending Btyle of the entertainment, a great many rich dresses were exhibited. Mrs. Daven- port was gorgeous in ruby velvet and pink satin, Mrs. Oatley in blue poplin and tufts of feather trimming. Mrs. Saunders, in cream and cardinal, looked nice, with her sisters as viva- cious as ever. Miss Twentyman, in cream silk, front breadth and bodice of heliotrope corded silk, looked bewitching, and charmed her partners by her lively conversation and ready repartee. Miss Reeve was fair and lady-like in blaok lace and peaoh-colored ribbons. Miss Riemenschneider, also in black laoe and old gold, was unusually nice, and danced very well. The fun of the evening was a "surprise quadrille," giving satisfaction to some lucky or per- haps cunning couples, while others appeared not so satisfied. One more will complete this very success- ful series, looked forward to with more* than one ? anxious heart. The Masonic ball, to celebrate the anniversary ol the foundation of the Concord Lodge of Albury, No. 666, S.C., was held most successfully in the large hall of the Mechanics' Institute. The proceedings were opened by the brethren marching, in mystic order, to the centre of the hall in full regalia, when the newly elected W.M., Bro. Thorne, addressed the assemblage, and hoped everyone present would enjoy themselves. The hall was tastefully decorated with evergreens, Masonic emblems, and flags. The music was supplied from a Victorian town, which, considering we have four bands in Albury, seems rather out of place. The committee worked hard, and were not disappointed. The drosses of tho ladies were tasteful, and in some cases elaborate. Among the visitors, Mrs, Mark Solomon (Cootamundra) looked charming, Miss Strickland (Chiltern) was particularly attrac- tive, so was Mrs. Nicholson (Howlong), Miss Seores (Orango), and Miss Hunt (Howlong). Among local ladies rich and tasteful toilettes were worn by Mesdames Billson (mayoress), W. Frew, Moses, G. 0. Parker, Chauncey, Thorne, Humphrey, James Turnor, J. Hastley, Sinclair, Woodhouse, J. ; T. M'Eaohern, Lambert, Lawrence, and Lethbridge. Charming amongst unselected partners for life were Misses Newman, Bull,. L.. Bull, Lamport, Affliok, j Harber, Gray, Thorne, and Moon. Scrogfgrlc-Walker. On Monday, 14th instant, Sb. John's, Darlinghurst, had its ohanoel prettily adorned with white flowere and ferns, and its aisle spanned hy throe arches of wildflowers. One arohborea lovers' knot and the monograms iW and RS-initials of Miss Isabel, ' eldest daughter of Mr. P. B. Walker, of Ellerslie, Darlinghurst-road, and Mr. Reginald, eldest son of Mr. J. Soroggie, of 98, Maoleay-street. The bride's dress was very rich ; white oorded silk, front flounced ? with lace, Watteau train, orange blossom wreath, and embroidered tulle veil. Her three sisters and a friend looked pretty in their bridesmaids costumes of cream veiling and lace, with waistcoats and Írarniture of ruby plush, cream straw hats ined with ruby; each carried baskets of flowers. As Mr. and Mrs. Soroggie returned, the children of Sunday sohool, stationed in the organ loft, showered flowers on them. Mrs. Walker (bride's mother).wore . a gros-grain silk of garnet color. Mrs. Soroggie (bridegroom's mother) bronze green surahi and pink and green bonnet. Amongst the guests were the Rev. and Mrs. Cranswick, Mr. and Mrs. Ebsworth, '. the Misses Ebsworth, Miss Metcalf, Mr. 0. Jeannerett, Mrs. N, Lookyer, Mrs. and the Misses Teale, &c;, who proceeded to "Ellerslie," where a band played . on the lawn, andinamarqueeereoted for the oooasion. The dejéuner was followed by complimentary speeohes. manly Wild Flower Show. I wish I could give our country readers some idea of the rare floral treat Manly folk have given us dur- ing the last two weeks. Shows of previous years have, been quite eclipsed, and while they lasted we wont into ecstaoies, and thought - we had "got as . near perfection as could be in the. native . flower business. Now, however, the Ivanhoe pavilion has . been made quite fairy ; like.- A suocession ot arches of green brightened with waratah, imitation of woodland nooks, with banks pf blossoms, waterfalls, rockeries and glens, most artistically contrived, keep the visitors exclaim- ing "Oh l"at every step. One beautiful spot was aptly . termed Moss Vale. lb was a cavern of foliage, " with mirrored back and ground to represent water ;' flowers, moss, . and ferns, disposed everywhere - with capital effect, and the \- whole illumined with tiny globules of eleotrio light. In another portion of the pavilion, a Bpot such as one 'might dream about, was there in reality. To the \ height of 6ft or 7ft, flowers, leaves, and ferns were piled in élanting profusion, and from the summit came a waterfall of rook lilies-effect beautiful. The lady stad-holders tastefully ohose soft delicate pinks, \- blues, creams, and whites for their dresses, so that they harmonised very prettily with their sisters of the wilds. Sydney visitors thronged by thousands, ' wearing their newest and daintiest attire, and the whole scene in the pavilion's vioinity,was picturesque indeed. On several nights the show was opened, and ' Chinese lanterns helped to make still more charming one of the prettiest 'pictures imaginable. Of course *. a very considerable acquisition has been made to the . ohuroh funds for whose benefit the matter was .organised. And other suburbs in want of money havefollowed the example Bet by Manly, and the . distriotsfor mileB round have boon ransacked to pro- vide materials for a flower show, so that not one * whit too soon appealing voices have been raised that * the zealous ohuroh men and women may not purohase an evanescent gratification at tho" expense'of a . flowerless future, for of course such we mayexpeob if the ruthless despoiling of fern-ronk lily and flower root is allowed to proceed unchecked. " Newcastle. . The Lyceum held the Benedicta and their happy I guests on the 11th instant. Mirrors refleoted pretty decorations, tasteful dresses, bright faces, and forms that oame from all parts of the district, and the bachelors wero the cause of much gratitude. Twenty four dances on the programme, and Compagnoni catering. Amongst fair visitors calling for special notes of admiration were, Mesdames Houghton, J Harris, Alec. Brown, Bobert Soott, Croudace, J. C Ellis, Cross, Hickson, Geary, Clark, Kemp, anc Sweetland ; Misses Cross, Croudace, Ash (Balmain) O'Sullivan, Wood, Kane, Loch, Brown, Neilson Wolfe, Williams, Hogue, Hewison, Gardner, Sparke: Donaldson, Wetherill, Logan, Ford. Dumaresq River. " Collahalaa" was the scene of a most agreeahh little danco on the evening of Friday, September 4, when the charming hostess of that station induoed many of her friends, and visitors to the district, tc participate in the gaity that she so well knows how to grace. Unfortunately, station anxieties prevented some of the ruder sex from being present, but never- theless fun, musio vocal, musio instrumental, and dancing galore, tended to console the fortunate ones in attendance for the absence of those thus doomed to disappointment, and everything went on merrily. A neighboring station sent a graoeful and stately mother and a trio of charming daughters, while the petite matron of Collabalaa, with her cor- dial welcome, gave tue unfortunate bush bachelors a !glimpse of what the "plains of Heaven" should resemble. As to the belle-ship, it would perhaps be invidious to specialise, but one incomparable daughter of a near neighbor (matre pulchra filia pulchrior) oannot be passed over without remark, and many were the envious anathemas silently breathed on the head of the fortunate mortal who has "her promise true. " Dancing was kept up with verve until day-dawn. Contimit IIIA. j A plain and fancy ball in aid of the local hospital turned, out as its promoters wished, a decided I success. The ladies undertook tho catering depart j ment with infinite credit, and of the hank manager who acted as M.O. many kind things were said. Clever character impersonations were those of. Miss Hardcastle, "Chorry Ripe;" there wore two of the latter, each charming ; ambu- lance nurse, lady of XVI. century, housemaids (2), flower girl, and peasant girl. Pretty evening dresses were worn hy a bride, white silk tulle and pearl ornaments, a squatter's wife in pink, a. graceful youTjg lady from a neighboring station in cream satin and pearls, a pretty blonde in shrimp pink satin and splendid laoe, a blondo matron in blaok and rod, a squatter's daughter in white satin and lace, a daughter of Israel in pink and ruby satin, Misses M'Mahon in white silk and lace, and brocaded silk with scarlot flowers, and lastly the mayoress stately in black silk and laco. Bicycle Sports. At last we have grown weary of seeing men crane themselves into uncomfortable attitudes whilo they urge their wheels round with wonderful velocity. So tho last bicycle mooting of the season wa« not such a success as was hoped. Of course the Manly flo wor show carried off in a oontrary direction, hundreds who would otherwise have found thomselves at the Associa- tion Ground, where tho Naval Brigade bandploy od, and amongst other objects of attraction a bioyole race was contested in fancy dress. Yet these alone would not have caused the serious reduction in the attendance, so the truth must be confessed, bicy- cling for this season at least will find no more favor. Under the circumstances proceedings on Saturday were somewhat uninteresting ; even the " Ghost," "Uncle Pete," "Poliooman," and "Soudan Volun- teer," could not do much towards enlivening the en- tertainment. Anilin. A few of the unmarried men of the distriot enter- tained their friends at a quadrille party on the 9th, when the musio was hired from Sydney. Catering provided hy an effioiont looal man, Mr. E. Winton; and Messrs. Brennan, E. Dwyer, E. Bourke, A. Dwyer, T. Dwyer, and J. S. Stanton rendered very satisfactory aooounts of themselves as committee- men. Dancing was so enjoyed that not till 5 a.m. did tho guests deem they had enough. A lady in black velvet satin and cardinal, looked very well, so did tho owners of a lace skirt ¿nd pink jaoket, yellow and black, pink and green, and pale green, and somebody's wife from Bulli. Tenterfield. The Native Eose Crioket Club, Tenterfield, cele- brated its sixth anniversary on Wednesday week by an exceedingly pleasant plain and fancy dress ball, in the School of Arts. About forty couples were present, nep.rly half of whom were attired in fanoy costumes. But there were so many rich dresses and good dancers, that to choose one for speoial mention would indeed be a difficult task. Miss Kelly, as Fairy Queen, was very much admired ; as also wore Miss Connors, as Maritana ; Miss Nicoll, gardener's daughter ; Miss M'Guokin, archery ; Miss S. Simons, spring; Miss Juergens, folly ; Miss Tounie, High- land lassie ; and Miss Smith, Nancy Lee. Nurse ; queen of roses ; _ red, white, and blue ; Swabian peasant, dairymaid, schoolgirl, &c;, were attractively attired. Among the gentlemen were noticed sailors, cricketers, Eobin Hood, Mexi- can, lawn tennis, footballer, pirate king, trooper, Very appetising refreshments were provided by Mr. Baldey. Dancing was kept up briskly till near day- light, to the exquisite playing of Mrs. Kelly. The hall decorations and other arrangements wore carried out by the committeeman officient manner, and their efforts to make everyone content were orowned with suooess. Summer Hill. Mv. and Mrs. Massey, of Sussex- House, enter- tained about twenty friends on the' 4th with music and singing, in honor of their newly arrived English relatives, and Mrs. Massey's birthday. Handsome presents were reooived by the lady, and a very happy few hours spent by all.. Randwick Asylum. On Monday evening last a very.sacoessful conoert took place at the Eandwiok Asylum. The quadrangle and large hall of the southern wing had been .very tastefully deoorated, under the immediate super- vision of the superintendant, Mr. Coulter, and, with the exoeption of Professor Hughes, E.A.M., the per- formers were amateurs from the oity and suburbs. The programme consisted of 23 pieoes, the rendition of which elioited a general applause. The children too sang very nioely. A brass band was in atten- dance, and discoursed at intervals very appropriate music Chinese lanterns suspended in different parts of the institution, gave the surroundings a very animated appearance, and the banners and ban- nerets ' were seen to advantage. One of the directors, Mr. Henry-Hicks, presided, and at the conclusion a vote of thankB was accorded the per- formers. ' It was generally admitted to be the best conoert ever given at the asylum, and no doubt Mr. Coulter will continue thom for the onjoymoht of the children, by permission of his house committee. To Correspondents. M. J. 0. (Breeza) reoommends readers anxious for nioe complexions to bathe the faoo and hands in very warm water after a long walk in summer, instead of using cold water. (2.) Sarah means princess ; - Grace, graoe ; Matilda, honorable woman; Jane, grace or the Lord; Annie, grace j .Phillippa, lover of horse, (3.) The oost of carriage to and from Sydney, added to that of re' pairing, would cause your parasol to he nearly as expensive as a new one. Eileen-(1.) Wash your cameos very gently with o soft tooth-brush, soap, and water. (2.) Sir Alexander Stuart, just a3 you would address any of your ac- quaintances, as Mr. Smith, Mr. Brown. (3.) The material sent is a fancy veiling of a good quality, and should wear well. (4.) Shortness of breath when singing, unless you suffer from a delicate chest, is caused by wrong phrasing. The general rule is to take breath at the end of each sentence. It is easier for the singer, and decidedly pleasanter for the listener. (5.) Very good. Tour sister requires practice. Many thanks for copying the verses. Inquirer (Goulburn)-(1.) Write to the secretary Destitute Children's Asylum, Eandwiok. (2.) Any ohemist will Bupply you with the white substance used for stopping teeth. Directions for use are sold with it. Marguerite (Wagga)-Pansy thanks you for sup- plying the words of " Moriarty." Eugenie-Please forward envelope. P. B. Turner has kindly copied the verses for you. Em-The same correspondent acceded to your re- quest. Elsie (Gulgong)-Soapsuds will injure the plants unless you wash them afterwards with clear water. (2.) According to an old manuscript October, except- ing the 6th, is the luckiest month to marry in, but it is not the month but the companion you may choose, who brings good or ill luok. (3.) July 4, 1866, Wed- nesday. Gipsy Girl (Tambaroora)-Black, with red, are your most becoming colors. You may also wear cream and red, maize, old gold, but no light colors. (2.) The less you have to do with alcoholio liquors the better for your health. Pansy (Moss Vale)-Tomato sauce : A correspond- ent says this receipt is an excellent one: 241b tomatoes, 41b onionB, stew slowly, pulp through a culander without water, add ono quart of vinegar, 4oz doves tied in muslin, 8oz of sugar, 8oz salt, 2oz ground ginger ; mix tho sugar, pepper, ginger, &o.; togethhr very smoothly, boil all one hour, stir- ring all tho time. Put away in closely corked bottles. Do not cork till cold. Inqusitive (Mudgee)-Place the oldest gentleman visitor at tho head of the table, the other getlomon between tho ladies. Louise-il.) Animal grab ia rather a noisy, but very amusing game. Two paoka of cards are dealt to the players. Each in turn turns a card faoo upwards from his pack-of course all aro duplicated -and when a player sees amidst tho upturned cards on the tablo the duplicate of his, ho calls upon tho owner by the name of an animal (previously chosen by each player). Whoever cries first takos all the others' upturned cards. (2.) Consequents is a very anciont and well-known pastime. Each player is provided with a slip of paper, upon which they are requested to write as follows :-An adjective, name of a lady present, another adjective, gentleman's name, name of a place, what he said, what she said, what was the result. As each player writos the first request ho folds the paper to hide the writing, and passes to his neighbor, who complies with the next question, so that the first player does not again touoh his slip. The result is sometimos very peculiar when all the slips are road out, some- thing like the following :-The warm-haired Miss Brown met dilapidated Mr. Robinson at Berrima Gaol. He said, "I am dreadfully thirsty." She said, "Gray kid, size 6^." The consequence was they fought, and the divoroe oourt finished the matter. Daphne Maud (Rosebank)-A black-haired, brown eyed, dark-complexioned girl looks bo3t in darkest tints, deep blue, seal brown, black, olive green, with red, &o.; j and her most becoming hall dress would be cream and cardinal, black and gold, or blaok and orimson. (3.) Sooioty says it is not right to dance more than twice with the Bame gentleman, but it is rather hard to be deprived of a good partnor for that reason. (4.) Sixteen is too young to enter into an engagement to marry. A girl's judgment is too unformed at that ago for her to be capable of selecting a suitable companion. However, if friends and relatives approve of the matter, well and good. (5.) Straight or arched eyebrows are entirely a matter of taste. Each has its admirers. Preference is usually awarded the former, for the latter gives a continual look of surprise to the face, which is not pretty. (6.) Very nioe. Dollie (Queensland) asks if any reader can supply ber with, two stories " Winny," and " Unavenged," that appeared in tho JOURNAL some time back. May Plower (Woodlands)-The paper patterns of dresses illustrated in tho JOURNAL aro to ho had at 237, Riley-street, Surry Hills ¡ prico, from ls 5d to 2s 5d complete costume. Violet-(1.) You mean Japhet, which is pronounced Jay-fot. (2.) October 31 is AU Hallows eve. Kathleen of Kilkenny-(1.) 3 i'm bust and 26 waist measure is decidedly plump for a girl of sixteen. A natural, that is not a laced-in figure, should have about lOin difference between bust and waist. (2.) Send stamped envelope. Fairy-(1.) Better assume the character whose name you have ohosen, wearing Bhorfc tarlatane white skirt, satin bodice, white shoos, stockings, a glitter- ing star in the hair, and a wand in the hand. (2.) Tall, stout, fair, dark eyes and hair, should personate night, America, Britannia, or some such stately character. (3.) May make a companion for No. 1. Private Secretary (Newcastle)-Your item re- ceived. Violet (Coonamble)-Thank you. Gipsy's Admirer (Tenterfield)-With pleasure. Shall expect an account of the hospital bair from you. T. M. (Birmingham)-If you fail at one examina- tion you may try again till you pass. You will be classified according to the subjects you succeed in. (2.) None of the examination questions can be given here. (3.) Fair. Ethel (Tumut)-Kismet is a Turkish word signify- ing fate or destiny. (2.) Already answered. (3.) Next week. ; ? ; ? ? GIPSY. : Communications for Gipsy may be addressed oare of Editor T. AND C. . JOURNAL. Sooial items especially welcome. ; . ^ 