ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (By THE GHOST.) Parliament has met. Honourable mem- bers have entered upon what will in reality prove to be, for them, the final session of the twelfth Parliament of Victoria, and the flood-gates of talk have been let loose. The chambers present much the same appear- ance as they did when first Mr. Service as- sumed the reins of office, the gentlemen to the left of the speaker being as then in a strong minority. The Government have unfolded their policy, the address in reply has been duly moved and seconded, the two junior members of the Assembly, Messrs. Highett and Bourchier, being, according to time honoured custom, entrusted with the duty of pronouncing the Ministerial pane- gyric, and the State machinery has been fairly set going. There is nothing very startling in the Ministerial programme. Mr. Service is indeed very much in the position of Canning's knife-grinder, he has no story to tell. Of course in the speech from the throne" reference was made to the patriotism displayed by New South Wales in assisting to fight the battles of the mother country, and from the way in which the reference was received it is but fair to conclude that had they been called upon, honourable members would to a man have volunteered for the Soudan. But the future is after all of more import- ance to politicians than the past, and with the exception perhaps of the question of the redistribution of seats, and the reciprocity treaty with Tasmania, none of the items in the Ministerial programme are likely to give rise to any lengthened or serious debate. In regard to the last named matter, Mr. Berry will be the subject of attack by the ultra protection- ists. Saul among the prophets, the fly in amber, and the devil among the tailors were, it will be urged, not more anomalous than the brightest disciple of protection negotiating an intercolonial free-trade agreement. However, the versatile Chief Secretary is difficult to corner, and doubt- less, on the onslaught being made, will show himself as great an adept as ever in proving himself in the right, and his ad- versaries in the wrong. As for the Local Option Bill, which was supposed to be the magnus opus of the ses- sion, it has been framed so as to inflict as little hardship as possible on " vested interests." Teetotalers will be asked to accept it as an instalment, leaving a measure of a more heroic kind to be settled by a new Parliament. It is but fair to predict that the bill as now settled by the Cabinet will please neither side. But this is in the nature of coalition legislation, and is therefore not much to be wondered at. Altogether the session just commenced gives promise of being a quiet one. Noth- ing will be brought forward by Ministers calculated to cause the angry passions of the people's representatives to rise, and as honourable members with the fear of the near dissolution before their eyes are sure to be on their best behaviour, it is safe to predict that the few matters of social legis- lation to be brought forward will be dealt with in a sensible fashion. For the time being, however, colonial politics appear to be overshadowed in in- terest by the events now taking place in the mother country. It is beyond doubt that the fall of the Gladstone Ministry, despite the threat of the Conservative bogey, which a section of the Melbourne Press is desirous of raising, is hailed with unmixed satisfaction. It is felt that in Lord Salisbury's hands the honour of Eng- land is safe, and that whatever ideas he may hold in regard to the colonies, he is not at all likely to take any step which will alienate their sympathies. His speech- es the annexatios of New Guinea by Queensland is a guarantee that any Minis- try of which he may be the head will be far more in accord with us than the crew headed by the timid "grand old man." The luck of the honourable member for Creswick is evidently " dead in." He has secured two valuable allotments in the Fish Creek land scramble. What between billets as schoolmasters, positions as Min- isters of Lands and selectors, the inter- esting Richardson family has drawn copi- ously from the State cow. With the ex- ception of Mr. Baker, member for the Wimmera, Mr. Richardson is the only member of Parliament who has found favour in the eyes of the Land Board. It was generally anticipated that after the remarks that had fallen from Mr. Jus- tice Higinbotham during the trial of the divorce case of Malpas v. Malpas, the ap- plication for a new trial made by the defendant would have been granted. Once more, however, " the glorious uncertainty of the law" has been vindicated,and there is to be no re-hearing granted. Mr. Malpas, however, when his bill of costs is paid, will find he has purchased his freedom at a heavy price. In addition to his own law- yer's bill, he has been ordered to pay his late wife's. The two amounts will make a big hole in £210,000. Liberty was ever dearly purchased. What threatened at one time to be a serious dispute between employers and em- ployed has by mutual forbearance been happily averted. The boiler makers, who resented the attempt of the insurance com- panies to put out their pipes, have come to terms with the proprietors of the Tyne Foundry, and are again at work after a week's idleness. The little episode tends to show the prosperity of "the working man" in Victoria. Because he is not allowed to fling matches about in the reck- less manner affected by smokers, he can afford to turn out until a portion of the establishment in which he is kind enough to labour for his master is set apart for his use as a smoking-room. Evidently the Fire Insurance Companies are ignorant of the fate of King James's " counterblast," or they would not have attempted to en- force any ukase against the use of tobacco. However, "all's well that ends well," and the quarrel, beginning as it did in smoke, has fittingly ended in smoke too. The mysterious four-footed creature that roams the country killing calves and frightening little girls is still at large. It has travelled at a rate which Professor Vambury might himself have envied. Seen a day or two at Lillydale, it was within a few hours met at Burwood, near Hawthorn. Various conjectures are hazarded as to "the nature of the beast." Some people aver it is a tiger, others that it is a leopard, while Professor M'Coy pro- nounces the stranger to be a large mastiff. To some it appears brown, to others grey, to others striped, to others again of a light tan colour. It is by all accounts too small to be " a camel," and nobody has yet ren- tured to describe it as "very like a whale ! Probably the mystery as to what the creature really is will remain for ever unsolved, for "three policemen" have, according to the latest accounts, gone in search of it, and they are pretty sure not to find it. The Great North- Western Canal was after all not such a thoroughly Utopian scheme as its opponents endeavoured to make out. The project so enthusiastically championed by the late Mr. Hugh M'Coll for diverting the waters of the Goulburn and Murray has been taken up by the Royal Commission on Irrigation, and may some day become an accomplished fact. Poor Hugh M'Coll; it would indeed have been is proud day for him could he have alived to see the realisation of the dream of his life — the construction of the " canawl." Years hence, when the arid plains of the north-west are made to blossom as the rose under the influence of a scheme of irrigation, the settlers will bless the name of this well-meaning enthusiast who de- voted his entire energies to one object, and in season sod out of season babbled of " watter, scatter everywhere," until he brought ridicule on the subject. Now the project bids fair to be taken up in earnest by the Legislature. The stone rejected by the builders has become indeed the corner stone of the Royal Commnissioners' report, The civil servants' appeal farce is still being played. The aggrieved ones are however, not making much by bringing their claims under the notice of the three Commissioners. These military civil service gentlemen will not allow that they are in any way fallible, and as a rule, despite evidence and protests, refuce to consider their original decisions in regard to the classification of the State employes. About one in every fifty of the applicants has his hopes temporarily raised by being told that in his case the decision of the trium- virate is reserved. But the reserved de- cisions are invariably refusals of the request preferred. Surely by this time the civil servants ought to have discovered the futility of an appeal from Philip drunk to Philip sober. June 18. 