MISCELLAWEOOS. Mr. G. Reece has resigned his position as a Justice of the Peace. A 16-oz nugget of gold has been found in the Brind claim, Woodside. The tender of G. Beer for the erection of a teacher's residence at Rhynie has been accepted at £432 9s. ' The Mahdi' is the title of a drama which is to be produced very soon at one of the Paris theatres. The steamer Goolwa in trying to effect a naisaee through the Murray mouth has been stranded. The man, W. Barnes, who gave himself up to justice for murdering J. B. Slack, of Victoria, has been sentenced to death. A kennel of greyhounds was sold by auc tion in Melbourne on the 17th instant, and the sale realised 287 goineas. The two dailies have had a wordy war fare, thinking probably it is a good sub stitute for a genuine gory battle. A powder factory in Sandhurst, Victoria, cavght fire and blew up. The proprietor, Mr. Lehman, was killed. Inspector DuRieu, of Adelaide, has been pUUHCiUg u^fuii we uanciO) auu iu auuui j\jv shops he found the bread under the regula tion weight. J. White, nearly 70 years old, was lately sentenced to seven days' hard labor for smok ing a pipe, contrary to the regulations, in Is lington workhouse. The Port Pine paper had been reduced to half its original size, bnt it will be issued bi-weekly. Melbourne and Sydney miners have been attracted to the Gumeracha gold-fields, and at present there are about 40 located there. Mr. C. F. Studd, the cricketer, passed through Singapore the other day en route to China, where he is to be a missionary. How was it that Dr. Campbell was not proposed and seconded last Thursday even ing by Clare residents? There was just one Cook in the way to spoil the broth. The New York 'World of February 16 says that there are 75,850 people out of em ployment in New York, including 3,000 women. More candidates are wanted for the Northern division of the electoral district. Dr. Campbell says he does not mind opposi tion. We don't know what Mr. Coombe's feelings are on the matter. Desertions from the British army number 4,000 annually. Last year the number of recruits was 35,000, the largest on record. All the standards, however — age, height, and chest measurement — were reduced. As an instance of the fall in tbe value of land in the south of Scotland, property in the best part of East Lothian was lately sold for £16,600 which cost £27,000 only a few years ago. The total number of banking institutions that failed in 3884 in the United States was 121\. Eleven of these were national banks, 22 State banks, 11 savings banks, and 77 private banking institutions. While the Lord Mayor of Dublin 'was at the railway station on the 6th ult., to re ceive an American deputation with the re mains of Dr. Cahill, he was vigorously hissed and groaned at by a crowd of 8,000 persons. An exciting, though foolhardy, incident occurred at a performance at a music-hall in Dublin, when a gentleman connected with a sporting newspaper ventured to enter alone the cage wherein were five performing lions. Tlie feat was successfully accom plished before a crowded house. The vapor of glycerine is coming into repute as a remedy for distressing and per sistent cough. From 50 to 60 grammes (a gramme is nearly 16 grains, English) of glycerine are heated in a porcelain jar by aid of a spirit lamp, and the rapor given off inhaled by the patient. Carbolic acid may be added to the glycerine. The London Sportiny Life gives the scores of an extraordinary cricket match played in July, 1873, at Carshaltou House. The match was between Carshalton House School and North Cheam School. In the first innings of the North Cheam School only 37 balls were bowled, and the whole 11 were disposed of without scoring, and there being «o sundries the unique total of ' 0' was appended. The Ganadian:- Government has resolved upon strengthening its little army, in view of England being drawn into hostilities. The total strength of the Canadian army is 37,000, of which 30,000 is infantry and rifles. Of this number only 7,000 were drilled in 1S84. Canada is quite ready to go the assistance of Great Britain with a portion of her small army. The New South Wales people are fond of their beloved Beach. This is the latest from a Sydney paper z — It hardly seems to be possible, still it is a positive truth, that four years ago Beach had never even seen a wager-boat, did not know what it was like, juj'i yet, witli a littie over three years' practice, at ;iu ago wh*ii most sporting men are broken down, he i::is come, a living j wonder, straight to the front, '? Referring to the resignation of Mr. J. Miller as a member for Stanley in the House of Assembly the Areas Expriss says : — ' It will be a national loss if a caudidate is not speedily forthcoming as intelligent, independent, and able as the late member. We believe such a candidate could be found in the person of Mr. G. F. Claridge, J.P., late of lied hiil, but if he is to be induced to come forward no time is to be lost.' A correspondent from Wauricoola writes : — ' Feed is short for this time of the year, and lambing will soon commence. Wild dogs are very numerous. Ten of these pests have been destroyed on this run this last five weeks, aud all seem to be the pure breed of this wild race. One was shot this morning by Mr. James Treman measuring 5 feet 6 inches from the nose to the tail. No wonder thousands of sheep are killed while such brutes exist.' — Terowie Enterprise, In Florida there lives a man named Howard, who calls himself Lord Baltimore, and declares that he intends to prosecute a claim to tbe Throne of Great Britain. Until recently he kept a store, but upon the strength of bis representations, and of some old documents which he freely ex hibits, several Georgians, who ought to know better, have advanced him money, and are encouraging him to carry his case before the English courts. In London the other day a young con stable while chasing a sailor over the roof of the Great Northern Company's goods station fell through the glass roof a distance of 60 feet and was killed. Another con stable then took up the chase, and the sailor who had scaled the roof of a neighboring dwelling-house, was precipitated through a SKyngni on 10 a neu 111 wnicn a woman was sleeping. He was then attacked by the woman's son and captured. The prisoner got three months as a rogue and a vagabond. Intelligence from Dorpart, Russia, states that a number of threatening Nihilist pro clamations have lately been found pla carded in that town. They were torn down by the police. A student named Pereleff, who was suspected of complicity in the matter, shot himself on being arrested. A search which was subsequently made at his residence, resulted in the discovery of a large quantity of dynamite, a number of weapons, and a secret printing press. The police also found several letters, which led to numerous arrests in St. Petersburg, Kieff, and Revel. Xae following (saye an Hingusn paperj is the official list of the vessels of the Mediter ranean squadron, under Lord John Hay, which, in the event of war being declared between England and Russia, could be con centrated in the Dardanelles : — Helicon, Monarch, and Irish at Alexandria ; Falcon at Malta; Superb and Dreadnought at Corfu; Temeraire, Invincible, and Alexandria in the Mediterranean; Bittern at Suez ; Albacore at Port Said ; Cocka trice and Imogene at Constantinople; Grappler at Gibraltar; Cruiser in the neighborhood of Malta. The following other ships of the squadron are in the Red Sea: — Sphinx, Dolphin, Starling, Condor, and Cygnet at Souakim ; Coquette at Agig ; and Myrmidon at Zeyla. 'Scrooge,' in tho Australian Cycling News, thus advises youthful wheelmen : — 'JI would mention to the inexperienced a few things. Dress lightly, weat your uni form, a singlet next the skin, a Crimean shirt,. a silk handkerchief round the neck, and a cap that will shield you from the bud. A spare singlet, two collars, a tie, and a tooth-brush are all tbe luggage you require. Wrap these il a piece of American leather cloth and attach to the handle bar by three stout india rubber bands (not string). If you put a couple of teaspoonfuls of Fuller's earth inside your knickers you will not be debarred the privilege of sitting down to your meals during the tour.1' Advices from America state that General Grant is dying rapidly. He hopes to live long enough to complete the memoirs of his military campaigns, on which he works whenever his ailments permit him. The general's most alarming symptom is his inability to retain food, his stomach reject ing almost everything. His body is wasting away, and his teeth are nearly all gone, several having been drawn so as to relieve the intense neuralgic pains originating from the cancer at the root of his tongue. He ran swallow onlv liauids. and has no anne tite. His suffering is beyond even the power of coacine, which is steadily adminis tered. His disease has been progressing very much recently. There is said to be no hope of prolonging his life beyond a few weeks. No littie sensation has been created in Paris by the exercises and feats of a com pany of 'swordsmen' from the Vienna Fencing School, under the direction of ' Fencemaster' Hartl, Professor at the Academy of Vienna. Eight lady-fencers, two in pink, two in blue, two in white, and two in red, took part in the affair, their dresses reaching only to the knees, and the upper part of their persons protected by thick padding. The performances of the ' swordswomen' elicited enthusiastic ap plause on the part of the spectators. Some charming music in the middle of the affair allowed the fair combatants the time for a necessary rest, after which the combat was resumed, sometimes by two against two, sometimes by the eight together, the victor being acclaimed as the queen of the evening. We l«arn from the Times of February 20 that a man named Multon was brought before a Parisian magistrate for picking pockets. He was in search of prey among the crowd collected to see the Anarchist demonstration, and began to feel the pockets of Mr. Hawkins, an Englishman. Multon, through the interpreter, expressed anxiety that the Court should know that he was Irish, not English. The magistrate asked what difference this could make. The pri soner : ' I was not acting as a pickpocket, but as a Fenian. The English are the enemies of the Irish, and seeing one near me 1 wanted to recover from him a little of the money taken by the English froi» my countrymen.1' He was sent to prison for three months. FrnrJ Aiv.lifir. the celebrated English jockev, while in New Orleans recently, met with an exciting incident which served to divert his thoughts from himself for several hours. One eveniug he and hia party, as the story goes, left the St. Charles Hotel for the L. and N. depot, where they intended to take the cars for a Florida winter resort. In arranging with the baggagemen about their luggage, they were talked to in that style, more forcible than elegant, which is peculiar to trunk-handlers. Archer and party objected, and in the twinkling of an eye there was a lively amount of sparring, bare knuckles, go-as-you-please rules. One round was fought, iu which the jockey and his friends, it is said, had the best of it, but found that while they were busy the train had left. The party therefore decided not to go to Florida. A terrible thing is the new dynamite umbrella, just patented by O'Douovan Rossa's friend, the Galway Irishman who calls himself Mezzeroff. The peculiarity of this umbrella (which the patriot leaves in the rack of a club frequented by Bishops) is tbat when you open it, the spring frees a glass tube, which communicates with a loose metal button, which, communicating with a hydraulic cylinder, detonates, and blows the head off the unwary. Even the existence of this iufernal machine conveys the moral lesson that we should ail be more careful than usual to take our own and not our neighbor's umbrella when we leave the club. The dynamite umbrella is purposely made of the beat silk, and is really very tempting. The dynamite corkscrew is used for destroying waiters suspected of treachery, being cunningly substituted for their own. Of the dynamite latch-key, and the dynamite shoe-horn, it is too dreadful to speak; but they offer at least as sub stantial dangers as the dynamite walking stick of Professor Mezzeroff. This use of dog-meat as a medicine (says the St.'James's Gazette) has come under the notice of the medical profession in the United States, owing to a remarkable cure of a patient suffering from Bright'e disease, in Illinois, by means of a dog-diet. A farmer of Springfield County, by name Samuel M'Gregor, was lately suffering from tnat illness, ana was pronouncea oy me physicians to be in an incurable position. Having been recommended by an old German woman to feed on the flesh of dogs exclusively, M'Gregor followed her advice, and is now, it is alleged, completely restored to health. The idea of eating dog-meat was at first most distasteful to the patient ; but he gradually conquered his repugnance to tbe diet, and now prefers dog-meat to any other kind of food. His difficulty is to find a sufficient number of dogs to satisfy his appetite, and he gets into sad trouble with his neighbors, who, whenever they miss their dogs, accuse him of stealing them for coocking purposes. M'Gregor ate altogether 15 dogs (including one New foundland) before his cure was completed. An extraordinary scandal occurred in tbe well-known Ghurch of Saint Roch, in the very heart of Paris. While the Vicar General of Saint Roch was celebrating divine service, the congregation was as tonished by the sudden apparition in the nave of the church of a woman with dishe velled hair and garments shrieking, ' Help, help! He will murder me! He will murder me !' The woman was pursued by a man with a heavy black beard, who brandished a stout cane. The beadles and doorkeepers of tbe church rushed to the rescue. The would-be assassin managed to escape, but the woman, panic-stricken with fright and rage, climbed over the balustrade of the nave, and tore from it a heavy bar of iron, which she waved over her head, threatening death to all who should ap proach. The congregation, in consternation at this unexpected drama, left the church. The police arrived, and after a short but very noisy struggle captured the woman, whom they were obliged to bind tightly with cords before they could remove her. Her exasperated lover had attempted to ass assinate her. She managed to escape from an appartment situated near the Saint Roch and sought refuge in the church. Many correspondents of the Chinese papers have complained strongly of the manner in which the French have con ducted their operations against the Chinese in Formosa. Summarising the many com plaints which had been received from various quarters, the North China Gazette remarks : — ' It is most emphatically asserted by a reliable correspondent that the French have been guilty of acts of a most question able character in carrying out the so-called blockade. This was raised on December 15, without notice being served on either neutrals or Chinese. It was renewed on January 5, and since that date it is affirmed that native craft of every conceivable de scription have been wantonly destroyed, even the email sampans which are engaged iu carrying firewood, charcoal, fish, and pro visions from one village to another not being spared. Indeed, according to our infor mants, the French seem to have begun to wage a war of extermination against the Chinese junk and boat people along the whole coast. The crews of these boats, mostly innocent fishermen or traders, are either sunk in their boats or they are for cibly carried ofi to Keelung to work on the batteries, where their fate is nearly as bad. They are forced to work at the point of tbe bayonet. They receive no food except that which they get from his Anamese coolies who were impressed at Saigon ; and when they are no longer able to work, through ex haustion, they are either bayoneted or shot down by the armed guard, who stand over them day and night. Ingratitude is beyond doubt the basest of all offences, for it is the only one to which no man, no matter how vile he may be, will ever plead guilty. Men are to be found in hundreds who will boast of being rogues and liars — in fact, we once knew a fellow who was so dead to Bbnme that he owned up to being a suburban alderman — but we never yet struck a man who was willing to admit he bad received a favor and returned it with a wrong. Ingratitude being, there fore, the very lowest of the vices, gratitude should be placed way up on the top shelf of virtues, and hence it is with real pleasure that we have to record an instance of its being performed to-day. Drummer Dri goods, of Sydney, was driving along one of our northern roads when he espied a tat tered-looking deadbeat plodding along on foot in the same direction, and, being in a charitable humor, he asked him if he'd like a lift into town. ' Don't mind if I do,' said the animated rag-stack, as he shinned over the buggy-wheels ; ' I've seen better days myself, an1 the roads about here are not quite as good as they'd be if I were Premier, you bet.' Drigoods didn't exactly see what the 'sundowner's' having seen better days hud to do with him ; but, However, tne pair 3oggeo aiong very com fortably, and when the town was readied, the drummer's companion was most profuse in his thanks for the friendly lift, and clunir on to the. side of the trap, begging his new acquaintance to tell him what he could do to show how grateful he was for the kindness shown him. ' Don't mention it, old man,' replied Drigoods, ' it's a mere nothing — tat- ta — see you again some day.' ' Not yet, my generous friend,' yelled the deadbeat : ' I really must do something in return for your Ghrietian condescension, but I'm so devilish poor that — but, stay, I have it now — I hold but one sixpence in this world. Lend me another yourself, and then I'll take y' into the Royal and shout for the two of us.'— Bulletin. A remarkable case was heard on February 21 in Dublin. Mr. Waldron, a solicitor's clerk, sued his next-door neighbor, who is a mate in the merchant service, named Kiernan, to recover £-500 damages for in juries done to his house by, as he alleged, the defendant and his family. Kiernan de nied the charges, and asserted that Wal dron'a house was haunted, and that the acts complained of were done by spirits or some person in plaintiff's place. Evidence for the plaintiff was to the effect that every night from August, 1884, to January, 1885, bis hall door was continually being knocked at and his windows broken by stones which came from the direction of the defendant's yard. Mrs. Waldron swore that one night 6he saw one of the panes of glass in the window cut through with a diamond ; a white hand was inserted through the hole so made in the glass. She caught up a billhook and then aimed a blow at the hand,cuttingoneof the fingers completely off. The hand was then withdrawn ; but, on examining the place, she could find neither the finger nor any traces of blood. On another accasion the servant, hearing mysterious knockings, fell down with fright, upsetting a pail of water over herself. Mr. Waldron armed himself with a rifle and revolver, and brought a de tective into tbe house, while several police men watched outside. They, however, could find nothing. Kiernan'e family, on being taxed with causing the noises, de nied such was the case, and suggested it was the work of ghosts, and advised the Waldrons to send for a Roman Catholic clergyman to rid the house of its uncanny occupants. A police-constable swore that one evening he saw Waldron'e servant kick the door with her heels about the time the rapping usually commenced. Chief Justice Morris said the affair suggested the performance of the Davenport Brothers or Maekelyue and Cooke. It was quite inex plicable from the absence of motive, and re mained shrouded in mysterious uncertainty. The jury found for the defendant. The Russian advance towards Herat and the protest of the British Government are, says . the Calcutta correspondent of the Times, now the chief topics of the Indian Press and public. The further develop ment of the situation is awaited with anxiety, but without apprehension. General satisfaction is felt at the determined atti tude which the Ministry appears to have assumed, and the hope is universally ex pressed that it will not waver, but insist on the withdrawal of the Russians to Sarakhs. It is a fortunate circumstance that the presence en the spot of General Lumsden's strong and well-equipped Commission renders any stealthy move towards Herat impossible, and insures the receipt of early and accurate information from that quarter. For, although it is probable that Russia, if determined to push on regardless of con sequences, will move on Balkh and Afghan Turkestan also, still, the main struggle, should it come to a struggle, will be for the possession of Herat. It is most fortunate, too, that India has now a Viceroy who pos sesses the entire confidence of all classes. The Indian Government is evidently fully alive to the situation, and quite determined to meet it adequately. A large force is being assembled at Rawul Pindi, in the first instance in honor of the Ameer, who will arrive there on the 28th inst., and also because it will be available for an advance towards Herat if necessary. The other line, in the direction of Quetta, is also being strongly reinforced; and other steps are being taken which, though not apparent to the general public, are likely to prove very effective for the end in view. Lord Dufferin and his military advisers are in thorough accord. The spirit of loyalty which is displaying itself throughout the country is very remarkable and reassuring ; and if Russia should calculate on any dis affection, owing to the fall of Khartoum or other causes, she will find herself greatly mistaken. Altogether the outlook, though for the moment threatening, is not now re garded with apprehension in India, but, on the contrary, with the general conviction that if only the Ministry stands firm, the Central Asian bugbear may now be laid at rest for years, if not for ever. Meanwhile, the preparations for the reception of the Ameer are rapidly progressing, although of it is possible that the march of events may him leaving Afganistan. Altogether about 20,000 men and 60 guns will assemble, under Sir Michael Biddulph. The pageant will be imposing, and will not fail to im press the Ameer with a sense of the value of an alliance with England. Two young ladies entered a cigar store and one of them said timidly t ' Have you any choice cigars, sir ? I want them for a present.' ''Oh yes, Miss,' replied the tobacconist, ' we have any choice you want, from a cent apiece up.' ' I think I will take some of the one-cent ones, then, if they are choice. I had no idea tbat choice cigars were so cheap. Won't Charlie be delighted ?' she said to her companion as they left the store. ' Poor boy ! He is so foud of a choice cigar, and they will taste all the better,' she added, with a little blush, ' for having come from me.' El Mahdi's favorite air— 'The Camels are Coming, Oho !' — Boston Star. Regarding Mark Twain's lecture on fools, every one knows the ticket of admission was inscribed, *' Lecture on fools. Admit one.' There was a large audience. Man is like a potato — never sure when he will get into ' hot water.' A little girl suffering with tbe mumps declared she 'felt as though a headache had slipped down into her neck.' ' Waiter,' said a fastidious gentleman at a Nevada hotel, exhibiting a singular you know what that is ?' ' That, sir, looks like a mouse, sir. We often find them in ?oup, sir.' They have a curious way of deciding law suita in North Siani. Both parties are put under cold water, and the one staying longest wins the suit. Is this country both parties are got into hot water and then kept there as long as possible. ' Where are you coming to ?' shouted a fellow on the ice, as one of the skaters ran into him full speed. ' I am coming to grief, old man,' was the reply, as they both threw up their heels. Husband : ' Hulda, dear, ns I was pass ing through our garden I saw some aspara gus ready for cooking ; perhaps you would like to go and gather the first fruit of the season yourself.' Young wife (anxious to conceal her igorance in the vegetable de partment) : ' I tell you what, Adolphus, we will go together ; you shall pluck it and 1 will hold the ladder.' Men are like waggons — They rattle pro digiously when there is nothing in them. Railroads are like laundresses — they have ironed the whole country, and occasionally do a little mangling. 