FICTION. rront Bug11'.It* American, ami Oilier Periodicals* THE TWINS. CHAPTER XLVII.-(CONTINUED.) Hope for the best, when he had convinced himself there was no best to hope for ! He smiled feebly. " Not if I can help it, sir." Costello gave him a vigorous slap on the chest. " Come out and have a drink." Rut Voyle was deaf to the appeal. " Tell me some moro !" ho implored. " I know hardly anything yet. Tell-" " By the Ghost of Gimlets, I won't!" carno Cos tello's characteristic reply. " Nary a tell till you come across the street to Hannah & Hogg's and brace up. You look like a girl who has seen a mouse." And the captain took off his hat, and rubbed his bald head with a great deal of virtuous deter- mination. " If I've got to brace up, I guess I'd rather do it at the Boston Oyster House!" young Vernell rejoined. " Supper will be my first meal to-day." A look of horror overspread the old gentleman's face. Instinctively he thrust his hands into his pocket, scanning his companion the while. " Jerusalem ! You don't mean-" Voyle actually laughed at his perturbed coun- tenance. " No, I don't mean anything of the sort. I've enough money iu my pocket for twenty meals. The case is one of voluntary starvation. I've been so miserably nervous all day, eating was too tame and prosiac an occupation to be for a moment considered." '* Come along then !" And these two, so strangely flung together by fate, passed out. They turned westward. " You don't think she's dead then, Mr. Costello ?" Voyle began again in a desperato attempt to glean more news concerning her-a ray more of light, however faint, on the subject. " Nonsense, lad ! Of course she isn't dead. She may be still too languid to write, but depend upon it she's snug, aud well taken care of, somewhere. Talk sense, man !" Voyle drew a long, deep breath. " Heaven grant it !" They passed Dearborn. At Clark they descended the steps leading to the cafe. Voyle put his hand before his eyes a moment as he entered. Coming in out of the darkness the brightly lighted room with its snowy-clothed tables, and snowy-aproned speeding waiters fairly dazzled him. They took possession of a " two-table." *' I would make you come directly home with me," Costello said, " but that I think you have fasted long enough." "Will they not be expecting you at home though ?" asked Voyle, when he had given his order. " Yes, but tliey know I never wish them to wait supper for me if I'm not on time. His vis-a-vis looked over at him gratefully. " You are very good to stay down town on my account !" warmly. Costello was drumming abstractedly on the table. " It is no enormous sacrifice." And theu as he glanced up Voyle saw that a cer- tain sadness had blotted out the humorous twinkle in his eyes. " They will miss me a little bit," he said, " but not as she would if I was not home to supper." Voyle nodded sympathetically but said never a word. What could he have said ? What can any of us say when death before us rears its trijile sting, the love and loneliness, and longing of the living ? Supper over they took a carriage. Voyle did not hear the address, did not even remark in which direction they rolled away. After twenty minutes ra2>id driving the hack stopped." " Here we are ?" cried Captain Costello, cheerily jump out, my lad." " Within an iron-railed enclosure some distance back from the road stood a square house. This was all one could distinguish, so dark was the night. As they went up the path together the hall door was flung wide, and a billow of| light surged forth a cherry welcome. Framed in the bright doorway a figure appeared. " What kept you so late ? Kitty and I are tired waiting and listening for you, you blessed old sin-. ner-no kiss to night, sir-unless you promise-. Oh ?" The sweet voice fluttered like a bird's, grew sud- denly still. She had just discerned another figure I than her father's. "I promise ?" laughed Voyle. They entered the hall. She fell back a step or two, staring up at the new comer. Her gaze remained rivetted on his face. She was speechless with amazement. Her father kissed her and shook her. " Wake up, goosie !" he laughed. " It is only a resemblaneo. This is the brother of the young lady with whom you and Kitty fell in love that night on the train. Mt-. Vernell, this is my younger daughter, Bessie." As Voyle gravely bowed to the girl in the simple mourning dress his heart leaped into his handsome brown eyes and paid her tribute. Such a pretty, demure, startled face as it was. And what a dainty dash of color in the clear-skinned cheeks. And how suggestive of ripe cherries the bright, half-parted lips. Ah, Captain Costello, yon fond, genial, ejacula tory, unsuspicious old warrior you, put >on your spectacles ! ' CHAPTER XLVIII. BREAKING: THE NEWS. " Doubtless tue shall be moderately happy, She's a woman grown and I'm not over sappy ;. And we've bpth confessed to many early passions, Which have been outgrown along with other fashions." Vandyke Brown. '. " Tell your mistress I wish to see her." i "Yes, sir," ii The servant withdrew. Colonel Vernell turned again to the window and stood there waiting. ' An afternoon in young November. A decidedly disagreeable afternoon, too-bleak, chill, gusty, with now and then a spiteful spatter of rain. Neither stingingly cold nor yet snow-shadowy. One almost wished it cither rather than this idiotic blow, blow, and drizzle, drizzle. Just the kind of a day one wants to shut out, to draw the curtains early, light the lamps, heap more wood on the fire, pilli closer over a chair to the hearth-this latter more because of the friendliness of the blaze than that one lacks warmth. " You sent for me, James ?" He turned at the sound of his sister's voice. " Yes ; I wish to speak to you. Sit down." But Miss Dorothy made no motion toward adopt- ing his suggestions Her blue eyes were fastened on him in inquisitive surprise. " I did not know you wore going out. You are dressed early. Where is it-the club ?" No wonder Miss Dorothy stared, so elaborate was his afternoon toilet. His dress suit of lustorless black was brand-new. His huge diamond stud glistened on an immaculate expanse of linen. A tie of cream-coloured satin encircled his clerical looking collar. In his buttonhole was a yellowish tea-rose. i Personally ho seemed to have been dipped in a | bath of rejuvenation. The thin face, with the high, narrow forehead, and slightly-beaked nose, looked more youthful than it had for many months. There was an wnusual light in the small, close-set cunning eyes. The whole figure had an alertness, animation new to him. 1 On a chair near by lay a new otter-trimmed over- coat, on top of which was a stiff felt hat and ¡jair of cream-tinted kids. "Oh, you women," he replied; "one bound and you have reached the back of a conclusion, are riding it at full speed. I am going out, but I'm not going to the club." "Where, then?" He looked down on the energetic little woman in the noiseless, dove-coloured gown. She had held the reins of authority so long. How would she fancy their being wrested from her hands now ? He spoke deliberately, watching her narrowly the while. " I am going to be married," he said. "Married !" she gasped. Then she put her hand on her fat, fluttering bosom, and smiled. " What a turn you gave me, James ! For the moment I really thought you wore in earnest." The colonel laughed-a brief grunt of a laugh. " Then I'll have to renew the dose to insure effect. I was quite in earnest, I was never more so. I am to be married at six o'clock this evening." " James !" And now she sat down. "Well?"-stonily. ', You don't mean it !" " Don't I ? It is very hard to convince you of the non-existence of a joke when you have made up your mind there is one in lurking somewhere. If you want proof, hero it is !" From his inside vest-ioockot he drew a folded paper, which he extended to her. She did not offer to take it. She sat there and looked at her brother as though she had suddenly discovered his possession of a double nose. Now, if there is anything aggravating is to bo regarded in this fashion-isn't it ? " Dorothy, have you any objections to offer ?" came the irritablo demand. She started guiltily. " Great patience, no ! Only-James !" "Well!" He was replacing his ignored marriage license. "I'm so astonished !" " I'm not." He took up his gloves and snapped the connecting thread. $ "I'm sure I never dreamed of such a thing?" helplessly. He favoured her with a sly glance. " Didn't you, Dorothy ?" Her old cheeks crimsoned, whether because of his misunderstanding, or with memories of the past, who could say. " You know I didu't mean that !"-in confusion. I He began trying on his gloves. | " Yes, I know." " The lady is-" I His rapid glance arrested her words. " Mrs. Chara, of course," he answered. " Of course !"-feebly. (To be continued.) 