THE NEW SOUTH WALES STATE RELIGION. All who possess strong convictions concerning the injustice and danger ot anion of Stite a ad Chuicb, all who conceive that the teaching of reli gion is no part ot the State's function, mmt feel indebted to the ex-presideat ot the Wesleyaa Methodist Conference, Bev. J, H. Fletcher, for his clear exposition of the natare of the law dealing with public education in this colony. I do not puiposo in the present aiticle entering upon a dis cussion of the questio vexata. Whatever may be conceived regarding it, bonm-minded people of every shade of belief will rejoice tbat henceforth there can be no misunderstanding of onr present position through the legislative nse of erroneous termB, The word " secular " has obviously betn very wantonly abased in tbe Edu cation Act of Hew Sooth Wales. It may be well for the colony to have a eecular system of edncation, it may be well for it to have a theo logical system. But whatever method it adopts, it mart be well io; it to tell tbe truth about it, and not Bet an example to the youth it trains of false hood on a gigantic scale. Our present Education Act purports to be a Eecular one, and to allow the Stars authorities to givo in State buildings, by the agency of State officials, eecular instruction only. It was through I this profession tbat in tbe public agititicu , which preceded its adoption, it secured the adhesion of many thousands who would have opposed it, had they been aw- re that it was to be used as an agent for thd dis semination of a State religion. Tbe drii ntion given of the term " secular," in this relation, by Webster is— "Pertaining to tois present world, or to things not spiiituai or holy, worldly," Wor cester's definition is—" Pertaining to temporal things, or things of the present world, temporal, civil, woridly, not spiritual." Is it possible by nny process of fair-dealing for such a word to be made to include the theological programme Bet forth in Mr Fletcher's address? as truthfully might the word " black" be compelled by legis lative legerdemain to include "white." Yet, under ibis phrase of the Act " tbe words secular instruction shall be hvld to include general religious tcBchiDg as distingeished from dogmati cal or polemical theology"— see what our State Secular schools are maue to comprehend, and onr State Secular scbcol-masters are compelled to teacb. L-.t tbo Ber. Mr Fletcher speak io his own phmeolcgy, as delivered at tho opeoing address of the Wesltyan Conference : — " X find tbat tho law provides a licb aud various least cf -vhat it calls non-sectarian and non-dogmatic religious in structive on such topics as the following ; — " Trie Divioe authority oi tbe Old Testament io general, and of Mes-ianic prophecy in particular ; tbe hietoric character of tne Mosaic account of tbe Creation, of the Fall, and of tha early history of the world, inclading the Deluge of Nosh's day, and its typic-1 Icssou as foreshadowing the des truction of tbe world by fire ; the per-onality of tbe Devil ; the reality ot miracles iu the Old and Hew Testaments ; tbe Mosaic authorship of Deuteronomy ; tbe poisonal converse of God wita > good men of old, and tbat he answers prayer ,- tbo : power of conscience, aud that 1 nothing cau purge the eou from the effects of wicked works or give peace to the conscience but a sense of tbe - pardoning mercy of God through Christ JiEus, obtained through repentance aud faith in Him ; ' the difference between the law aud i tbe gospel, tbat by tbe former tba law i was written on tables of Etune, ana announced to 1 the Israelites as a rule ot con-ioct, by the latter it i is written on tbo heart as a living principle ; tha former was a ministration of death, the latter a ministration oi tbe Holy Spirit, wuo gives life,' , Ac. ; that ' the Lord Jems is called ih-t Christ or Messiah, became like the prophots, priests and kings under the Old Testament he was anuiucd to be prophet, priest and king iu his cburcn— they were annoioted with oil, He with the Holy Ghost;' that tbe term repentance has suristantially tbe i same meauing with itomai Catioiics «nd Protei- ' tants ; the roaiity of tne transfiguration of our ; Lord, His divino power in casuug out demons, j that He encouraged peieever-ncc in prsyer »s assuring the petiutioners' suceess, tbat He spike of blasphemy against tbe Holy Ghost at aa unpardon able Bio (tbnuh the term bia'phemy is not ex plained) ; tbe lino meaning is given of the parable ol tbe Prodigal Sun ; the reality of future punish ment is thne declirtd -' It will greatly add to the torments of the wicked to remember that they had neglected or made a bad use ot thvlr ad van -age. Tho power ot faith is declared alse —that the early Christians escaped tbe miseries of tbe sisge ot Jerusalem tbruugh remembering how Christ forewarned them ot the exact time for escape, Thesu books also cot only teach in the very words of Scripture, but comment upon and ark" pointed questions on such events as thedeicvnt of tbe Holy Uboet on tho day of Pentecost, the origin of tbe Christian Church, the miraculous conversion of Haul of Tarsus. They explain tbe meaning of words so perplexing to children as tbtso 'as many as woro ordained to eterntl life believed ; ' ' the lesson books employ aa genuine recards tbe time ot this ignorance God. winked at.' Thsse Apos tolic Epistles, quotiog at least eight out of the 14 Epistles ot St P-u), and speaking of him as tbe aotbor of the Epistle to tbe Hebrews, They alto reach from the Gcspelv that the destrua- tion of Jerusalem was 'a type or figure of the day of judgment that the Passover Lamb was a type of Christ, and relats tow be instituted tbe liord's Supper ; that our Lord claimed tc bo tbe Son of God at Hie trial, and that tbe JewB changed the charge from blas phemy to sedition when tbey brought Him before tho liomnn governor ; that prophecy wai fulfilled in his crucifixion ; the.reaiity of our Lord'a resur rection, and tbat after 'he was risen He proved the necessity of his resurrection fro.n ihe Old Testa ment t'cripturee. Aud this copious aud almost matchless series of Siripture lessons, conveying this non-ecctarian t< aching and non- dogmatical theology as understood by tue big host legal authorities, is introduced by the following words : — 'These Etlectior.s are offered not as subs'itute for the eacied volume itself, but as an inttoduoti-.-n to it, and thoy Lav,- been compiled in tho hops of their leading to a more general and more profit- ab'e petussl of the Word of God.' ' Toe Com- mii-pic nf is offi-r these extracts from Scripture to the careful attention of tcacheis and obildren, not only as a truth, but as a truth recorded under the influence of inppir tion, ami truth with which it ia of the utmost importance for them to be well ac quainted,' Well may the reverend gentleman add, "I think most of us will say at once, if thsEe and their kindred topics in the Scripture lesson books are nun-dogmatical and noa-a-mrarmn, so long as we get these lessoos for tbe instruction ot our childieD, we do not much c-ro if they never hear anything all their lives about what is dogmatical and sectarian." What docs tbat mean? It mcen-i that thees briicvers in a certain form tf theology ure grati fied for the State to teach at the general coat the form of 10'igion o' whic'- tbey approve, heed lore what injua ice may be done to a minority by their beiog compelled to contribute to the support of a religion to which they conscientiously ob ject. But my prcieDt purpose is to emphiiBiee the fact of ail theso things being prosenmd nnder the jrtuitical p.-etence of secular teaAicg. If it be thought wite, in view of tbe le-Buns contained in the history of Christendom, for this colony to Lgalise and impose a S-ate religion, let it be done honestly, so that we may kuow what we areahou'. Let us not continue a system called "secular," which wu'd exclude from our teaching-ranks the g'rat tecuiar lights of our age and their disciples. Charles Darwin affirmed'that he saw no reason to berieve that there hsd ever been a vei bal revel.tiou from Deity ; Heibrrt Speucer termB God the Go- knowabl ; Professor Huxley, the present Presi dent of tbe Boyal Society, enlarges on tbe futility of attempting authoritative teaching in the domain o! the Spiritnsl ; and Tyndalt describes the creeds of Deoloeians as the "mythologie reentry of religion again-t which science enters her protest." The follonete of men like these would be unable to be instmcto's in our so-callsd Mcular schools. If they laught as tbey were bide, they would be nnfittid (or the ta<k by reason of their byp-erisy ; it they dtclined to teaoh what tbey disbelieved, they wonld be excluded for theif non- conformity. If the colony has really resolved to have a Slate religion inculcated by State officials, make ib<\- fact widely known.' Do not let to vital, important, and prrgo»nt a system creep into being, and grow into overwhelming procor- tims undercover of a friar; name. GYGES. 