Divers Ways. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER XXXVII. BY ONYX. OF course the excitement was great when they reached Walloon and told the story. The alarm for the danger that their boy had been in quite overshadowed with Mr. and Mrs. Charteris, m it would probably with all parentally developed minds, the thought of the trouble and danger to others which thedis* obedience of that same bey had caused. I* made Adine quite angry to hear how glibly Lystor's share in the business was passed over. Their child was safe—that seemed all that mattered to them. Her view was very different. Of course it would have been very dreadful if Charlie had been drowned, Dut not a thousandth part so horrible as that Lyster should have lost bis life in saving him. The two events were not comparable. One was crushing in its horror; the other a calamity which befals many parents, a thing to be deplored but tojbe endured. And so we all go on, magnifying our own and diminishing our neighbours' joys and sorrows; viewing the world and all things in it through our own particular spectacles and laying down the law with unimpeachable and unquestionable correctness as to the estimate to be taken of all that goes on around us. This accident had a very bad effect upon Adine; she was weak and nervous before, and it increased both ailments; and, as our physical health has the lion's share in determining our views both spiritual and moral, Adine's tendency to superstition increased abnormally. Every little thing became an omen, and all these omens assumed a sinister aspect. It was in vain that Mrs. Obarteris laughed and Lyster rallied her on her vain fancies; the only effect then* word* had was to make her keep her fears to herself and thus increase the mischief, for the ghost hugged to ourselves in the dark is far more terrible than the spectre in the gaslight. Ashley felt very unwilling to leave her in the nervous state she was in till some definite news respecting her father should arrive. Nevertheless he had some pressing business to attend to, and his departure could no longer be delayed. The parting between the affianced lovers was sad. Adine's melancholy and forebodings affected Lyster in spite of himself. He went away, feeling that the conditions of his happiness were less certain than before. This morbid mood, so unusual to Lyster Ashley, did not last long, however. Vague hopes and fears were not akin to his disposi tion ; everything with him was positive and practical. There was not a grain of mysticism in his nature. Therefore, long before he had reached Goulburn, he had decided that before attending to any other business he would go to Mr. Garter. Colonel Greatorex must nave some reason for his dislike to him which was quite unconnected with the lawsuit; possibly the lawyer might have gained some clue. He had been devoting a good deal of time to the Colonel's affairs lately; something might have come to light that would be a guide. He could not let matters go on in this way. To a nature like Adine's, fear and suspense were equal to a death sentence. He was really alarmed at the change that had come over her of late. The morning after he reached Sydney he went.to Mr. Carter's office. He walked musingly and ascended the flight of steps without glancing to the right or to the left. He did not notice that some one was preceding him till he went crash against him; then he drew back to apologise, and beheld, face to face, the Colonel. The recognition was mutual; but if Ashley's face told of great surprise, the Colonel's ex pressed actual horror. He turned of an ashen colour, and drew far back as if the presence of the other was polluting. Neither spoke or moved for a couple of seconds. " You seem in a hurry, Ashley." Ashley turned round mechanically, and saw Mr. Carter. He had been quite close behind Ashley in ascending the steps, and now came up with them. Colonel Oreatorex took no notice of his pre sence. He remained exactly in the same atti tude as when he turned and recognised Ashley. Mr. Carter thought he was going to faint, and linking his arm within his without ceremony led or rather dragged him to his private room. " Safe back, Colonel!" he said cheerily as he got him to a chair. "You look fagged; have some sherry;" and the lawyer produced a decanter of choice wine from a place within very easy reach of his especial chair. He poured out a glass of wine and pushed it to the Colonel, who was making a great but useless effort to speak. He seemed to perceive his own incapacity, and obediently drank the wine the lawyer gave him. " Am I in time ?" he gasped, as he put down the empty glais. " In time for everything, my dear sir," said Mr. Carter soothingly. He guested instantly where the trouble lay. " Everything is exactly the same as when I wrote to you." " Thank God I" and, as if thoroughly over come by the agitation he had gone through, the colonel leaned both arms on the table and covered bis face. Mr. Carter wm really startled. Colonel Greatorex was usually so extremely self-con* tamed. He had known him under various and trying circumstances, and had never seen him the least excited, except on the occasion of his first meeting with Ashley. He had always regarded him as a perfect stoic. This made the present unconcealed exhibition of agitation the more remarkable. He felt convinced that there must be some very grave reason, which he had never before even guessed the existence of, for the colonel's dislike to Lyster Ashley. Though Mr. Carter bore no love for his eccentric and supercilious client, he respected him enough to believe that it was no idle prejudice that actuated him now. Ashley had followed Mr. Carter into his room, and had remained standing somewhat ; behind the chair in which the Colonel was seated. His state was scarcely less pitiable than the Colonel's. If the one knew all and suffered from the knowledge, the other dreaded all and suffered even more greatly from the suspense. Lyster argued, as Mr. Carter did, that the Colonel must have good grounds for his opposi tion to their marriage, or he would surely not have shown such abject terror of its Ming already consummated. Both he and Mr. Carter kept silence, watch ing the ColoneL who for some momenta re mained with his head buried in his arms. At hut he raised himself abruptly, as if angry with himself for having shown his weakness. Glancing round in a naughty manner to where Ashley was standing, he asked Mr. Carter if he could speak with him alone. " Certainly," replied the lawyer. Ashley moved towards the door. He had just reached it when the Colonel called to him peremptorily to stop. "It is better that you should hear too," he said in a high harsh voice; " once telling is enough." Thus commanded, Ashley remained. But, though he had thus called upon his auditors to listen, no explanation came. It seemed as if he could not prevail upon himself to speak what he meant them to hear. Twice he commenced and twice, after the first words, came to an abrupt halt. To Ashley the suspense was scarcely endui* able; he could have clutched the Colonel and compelled him to say quickly what he hadts) say. As for Mr. Carter, he listened with the curiosity of an interested student of human nature for what was to cone next. His calling had caused him to learn many strange unlikely stories; the truths which are more curious than fiiction; and now he was about to hear another. He pondered on the enigmas of this world while he waited. To him it .was a study nothing more; to Ashley it was the very tor* ment of the lost that he was enduring during those minutes of the Colonel's hesitation. The silence throughout the room was profound; a fly buzzed round the lawyer's nose, and the noise of its busy wings seemed obtrusive; the ticking of the clock on the distant mantelpiece was painfully oppressive. "When," began the Colonel again, "when my wife—that Is to say—when Harriet, your mother and the mother of Adine"—he spoke these last words as in parenthesis, glaring at Ashley as he spoke them—" was dying, she told me what I never believed I could tell again," and here the agony of shame and suffering that convulsed the man's face made it hardly recognisable. "Your base conduct compels me"—and again he looked at Lyster with such a murderous expression on his face that the lawyer's long upper lip unconsciously straightened, and he kept a close eye on his client, whom he honestly believed to be slightly insane. "Harriet Bonner, whom I believed my wife," continued the Colonel, " was no wife of mine; she was the fugitive wife of John Ashley, your father, compelled'to flight by the misery she endured in fife with him, and led away by love for me to do me this cruel wrong, the knowledge of and remorse for which killed her—and crushed me." Thtre was a long pause after the words " killed her;" those that came after regarded himself and were murmured faintly: a cry of pain wrung from the very depths of his wounded heart. He ceased from glaring at Lyster; his eyes were cast on the ground, as if he was living over again the crucial hour of bis life. Evidently he had forgotten for the time the very existence of the hated man who was to him the outward and visible reminder of his misery, and whose conduct, as he said truly enough, was the cause of his being compelled to give words to the story which tor so many Tears had been locked up in his own miserable heart, slowly eating away, like a canker, all the good in it—all the mercy, all the love for his fellow, all his consideration for his child. It was true that it was in consequence of Ly ster*s wooing of that child he had to face this new crisis of misery; but he might have remembered that if Lyster was the cause he was the innocent cause of this fresh trouble—that he, too, was bound to suffer terribly for others' sins, and that be was far more sinned against than sinning. The Colonel might have the right of all this; when recalling himself from the vision of the past to come back to the present he raised his head to look at Ashley and hissed out a low muttered "Curse yon r Ashley had listened to this strange revelation in utter silence) he had scarcely been able to grasp the meaning of the words; vaguely he thought of Adine's misery and their separation. But when the Colonel roused himself to breathe forth that lowdeep- toaed anathema he roused a spirit as violent and ac ruthless as his own: "Curse you— unnatural father," he hissed out so fiercely that the lawyer's fears were transported to the other side, " for having let your morbid pride conceal your disgrace to visit all the consequences on your child I Curse you—may the rest of your life be as miserable as"— "Hush!" interposed Mr. Carter, stepping forward angry and stern. "This is no time for recrimination* Mr. Ashley; and, as for you, Colonel Greatorex, well, you are in time. The misery—crime—you risked by your silence has not been consummated; the rest you must settle with your own conscience." Mr. Carter might have spared himself the trouble of his anger. The Colonel was callous to anything that could be said. He hated Ljster with a deep unsparing hate, as a living record of hlsjown grievous wrong; and a feeling which had struck root so deep and grown for so many years was not likely to be changed by a few words from any man. In fact he did not hear what the lawyer said; his thoughts were far away again. As for Ashley, he, too, was heedless of Mr. Carter, lost in contemplation of the gulf of misery that had yawned before him — separation from Adine for ever, and crushing shame for both. The Colonel was the first to make a move to erminate the interview. " Stay a moment, Colonel Greatorex," said Mr. Carter, as he saw his intention; "this subject is too painful to admit of second dis cussion ;gbut, in tho interests of your daughter and of my client Mr. Ashley, I must ask you to inform me of one or two facts connected with this matter." The Colonel made no reply, and looked fiercely angry. However, he made no effort to go, and the old lawyer was not to be daunted by the anger of Colonel Greatorex or any ether man when he conceived his professional duty to be concerned. "The lady you married," he continued, drawing a sheet of paper towards him and pre paring to jot down the Colonel's replies; ''the lady you married passed at that time under the name of " " Harriet Bonner." Only those two words. "She was, in reality, the separated wife of!" " John Ashley, of Salisbury." " The date of your marriage V Here the Colonel, without replying, took the papers from bis pocket-book, and placed them before the lawyer, who copied the dates care fully. They were the copies of two certificates of marriage of the guilty wife, one bearing date Ist July, 1836-the other June, 1810. "And these are the grounds for your belief that Lyster Ashley and your daughter Adine we children of the same woman ?" The Colonel took up the papers from the table and carefully deposited them in his pocket-book in silence. "Enough, I take it!" he hissed out as he reached the office door and opened it with a •avage jerk. Without any ceremony of leave taking he stamped down the wooden staircase. Mr. Carter listened till the sounds ceased, and then turned towards Ashley. His glance met no response. Lyster was mtterly unconscious of the Colonel's move ments or of Mr. Carter's presence. He had leant over the lawyer's shoulder and read the two certificates. "There is no evidence but the man's word that you are her son," said the lawyer, replying to his own thoughts. Ashley drew a long breath, but said nothing. "It is a strange story. He could hardly have invented it." continued the lawyer musingly. "I should think not," said Ashley very quietly. He* could not enter into any discussion then. He was too dumbfounded. He had thought and figured to himself many reasons which might cause Colonel Greatorex to oppose his marriage with Adine; but that one—great God! that one! ** I will come again. Carter," Ashley said in the tame very quiet voice; and the old lawyer, who with all his werld-knowledge and his stoical sayings was a thoroughly good-hearted man, gave a warm grasp to the hand that Ashley held out IDo not despair," he said. "We have not Hot to the bottom of this yet." He scarcely knew himself what he implied by the words, only he knew enough of life to know that to the strange there is a more strange still, and that till one comes to mathematics there is no certainty. Ashley heard the remark without at the moment grasping the sense, but it fastened itself into the curious unconscious memory that is one of the strangest phenomena in this won derful series of phenomena that go to make up this "Ego," and the words that gave the thought, though the thought was not even con sciously conceived, germinated and bore fruit. Chapter XXXVIIL Thb lawyer watched Ashley go out of the door, and close it behind him. Then he sat down in his own particular chair, and poured oat for himself a brimming glass of his own particular sherry, for though it was still early In the morning he felt tired and exhausted. Used as he was to being the recipient of men's confidences, accustomed to analyse the ejections of their moral lives, and to witness the stormy products of their passions, the facts that he had Just learned exceeded in their strangeness almost all that he had ever heard before. That the woman should have gone from one quarter of the world to another in her misdirected life, to consummate a marriage with a man while her husband was still living; that the issue of her body in these divers places should go to the uttermost parts of the earth to meet there; and that they two, out of all the myriads they had passed among, should conceive a passion for each other! Curious beyond comparison; carious beyond comprehension almost! It is a well-worn saying that the unforeseen happens; but this was more than unforeseen—it was wildly, transcendently, improbable. Neverthe less, it had happened. This curious imbroglio had fastened and gathered itself before his eyes, and the actors in it each came to him to solve their difficulties. Mr. Carter poured himself out another glass of wine as he sat and pondered; one was not sufficient to repair the waste to his system that the interview nad caused. Another yet, as he sat for a whole quarter of an hour thinking of the curious revelations and trying to evolve a way out of the difficulty. It was a most strange case, and then, as he philosophised a little, it recurred to him how reticent and gentle both men had been with regard to the woman who had wrought all the woe. They had not blamed her or reviled her memory; rather avoided to allude to her except from bare necessity. It ■poke well for the tenderness and chivalry of human nature, erring and guilty as it vw, [TO BM CONTUTOID.J Tn profits of the late Hugh Conway on the shilling edition of " Called Back" were £1800. Ir the literary paragraphists are to be de pended on, Oulda's new story, "A Bainy June," will start with an edition of 100,000 copies. Tn name of the author of " Obiter Dicta" is no longer a secret. Good Words for June •antaias a short article on Emerson by " Angus* tine Birrel, author of 4 Obiter Dicta.'" Tn museum of St. Petersburg has a bank* note probably the oldest in existence. It is of the Imperial Bank of China, issued by the Chinese Government, and dates from the year 1380 before Christ. The note at a sovereign value, with compound interest, ought to have developed into £7,000,000. Tn vast mass ef scrap-book material •rranged by Charles Beade during his syste matic life is still carefully left undisturbed. Thousands of plots are there hidden for the trhanTt*** literary mind that has a sensational tarn. In his study are rows and rows of filled folios and filled note-books. He devoted one day in the week to reducing his clippings to order and pasting them up. 