GOLD QUEST : A CHRISTMAS TALE OF THE EARLY DIGGING DAYS.. By Lancelot Booth. CHAPTER I. " A MERRY Christmas, and a happy New Year. Please will yer give us a Christmas-box ?" Thus a little urchin - thus in many an English town other Urchins chime their peals. I use the word " urchin' in a liberal sense a a boy of tender years not yet contaminated by rude fellows. A little urchin then - a pale-faced, light-haired boy, whose blue eyes seemed glossy beneath the sickly glare of a lamp light - thus accosted a gentleman who was hurrying on through a blinding storm of fine snow. SCENE : The main street in the town of D..........., in a midland county ; England. Time, Christmas Eve, in the year 1859. " A merry Christmas, and a happy New Year ; please will yer give us a Christmas-box." The gentleman hurried on ; he didn't notice the boy ; perhaps he wrapped his Inverness cape more closely around him to repel the storm. The boy, whose clothes bore traces of some feminine hand's repairing, leant his head against the railings that protected a cheerful-looking house. A cheerful-looking house, indeed, for the lights shone from the bay windows obliquely ; and across the little stretch of snow-covered grass plant that intervened occasional bursts of laughter, joyous yet subdued, flittings hither and thither of mysterious shadows on the curtains, all betokened a cheerful house. And the boy leant his head against the railing, unconscious of the drifting flakes, tired, worn, weary. The words he had used were merely to ask alms, and there was no Christmas ring in his voice. His Christmas-box was 'bread.' His little fingers clasped the cold iron. Lower and lower those little fingers slid, till, like Enoch Arden, he at length ' fell prone ;' and still the flakes of snow kept falling, falling. And there stood the cheerful-looking house, with comfort at every turn. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Inside that house, in a cosy room, were grouped about the fire that crackled in the grate a happy family party. An elderly lady sat on one side in an easy chair, and on the other a gentleman, perhaps a year or two older. It was easy to hazard that these two were man and wife - that from the likeness to them both in separate features the bright boy of ten that half-lounged on the hearth-rug gazing at the yule log that surmounted the coals was their son ; that the fair-haired girl, who lovingly leant over the old gentleman's arm-chair, was a daughter. Two others sat a little apart, nearer to the recess of the deep- curtained window, a handsome young man of twenty-two, and a dark serpent- looking girl, just budding into womanhood ; these last conversed in a low tone, the gentleman's words, though subdued, seemed earnest - the girl's, commonplace, inattentive, as though her thoughts were far away. Mr. and Mrs. Martindale were people in comfortable circumstances. Mr. Martindale was senior partner in the firm of Martindale, Watkin and Co., merchants. They were philanthropic people, and no deserving poor went from their door unrelieved. Their family had once consisted of a daughter and six sons ; but Death, with fell typhoid in his grasp, had swept away three, and now Rose, a sweet girl of seventeen, Arthur, the boy we have seen lolling on the rug, and Ralph were the only ones left. Ralph, who we shall presently hear of, and later on see, was the eldest, a young man of twenty-five, and at the opening of our story is far away in Australia, the great antipodean land that lies under the Southern Cross. Ralph Martindale became enamoured of the medical profession, worked like a Trojan, and at twenty-three was a M.R.C.S. He, too, had been attacked by the fell disease before named, but his robust constitution had successfully combated it, and, following the advice of a brother student, he had taken a passage to Australia as surgeon of one of Green's passenger ships. Then the gold discovery burst like an avalanche upon the great island continent, just at the moment of Ralph's arrival in Sydney. People went mad with excitement - shops were deserted - ships forsaken - everyone waa bound for the 'diggings.' Ralph Martindale, like others, caught the gold fever - the adventurous quest pleased his fancy ; he threw up his engagement, and made for the fascinating spot. The two in the recess of the window are Reginald Teale, Ralph's brother student and chum, who had advised him to try a voyage to Australia and back, the other Ada Watkin, Mr. Martindale's niece. I will not describe the characters I am presenting, further than by the few hints I have dropped. Let my reader picture to himself his fanciful portraits - perhaps taking the ideal from loved ones of his own. None so far introduced are ugly - far from it ; so dispense with description of eyes, nose, mouth, teeth, or hair ; (description at times nauseating in its elaborate detail in many writers). Form a picture from the actions, and listen to the conversation. We shall get a start now. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * " Father, I hate gold." It was Arthur who spoke, and a tear followed the words, spoken with an emphasis that was more striking through breaking an unusual silence of some minutes, in which all had been gazing abstractedly at the yule log. There was no answer, except a half murmur, accompanied by a sigh from the window, 'So do I.' Reginald Teale caught it, though, and whispered to Ada, from whom the sigh and the words had come, ' Why do you hate gold ?' ' I don't know,' she replied, in a dreamy way ; 'except,' she said, recovering herself, ' that gold is a source of much ill ; for men will go to such fearful lengths to get it, nor stop at murder, theft, - nay, in our easy social life, deception in trifles - to secure the dross.' Ada was an heiress - the words came strangely from her. She was an orphan - an only child - and at twenty-one would have supreme right to a thousand a year. ' Yet poverty is terrible,' urged Reginald. ' No doubt to some, especially to those who have known what it is to possess all that gold can buy to make life happy. Still, gold cannot purchase happiness any more than it can purchase health.' 'Father, I do hate gold,' repeated Arthur, annoyed that his first assertion had passed unnoticed. ' Why, Arthur ?' inquired Mr. Martindale, as he playfully patted his son with his slippered foot. ' Because,' replied the boy, 'if it hadn't have been for this gold they have found out in Australia Ralph would have been home with us this Christmas ; and look, too, he promised to bring me a kangaroo, and a parrot, and some bees that would not sting.' A general laugh followed upon the boy's words, and Rose, his sister, rallied him about a wasps' nest he had stormed some months baok. Arthur rose from the hearthrug and sat down at a table, turning over a large atlas till he came to the map of Australia. In this he became absorbed, his finger tracing over the paper, evidently hunting for some particular spots. 'Do read us Ralph's letter again, father. I could listen to it again and again.' This from Rose. From Ada : 'Oh do, uncle. Mr. Teale has not heard it read yet.' ' I should like to hear Ralph's letter very much,' said Reginald. ' I think I should like to hear it once more tonight, Mark,' murmured Mrs Martindale. 'And I am never tired of reading it,' put in Mr. Martindale, 'though I have to wipe my glasses so often as I read the dear boy's -- Well, here goes for the fifth time since it came this morning.' So saying he took the letter from his breast-pocket, adjusted hia spectacles, spread the sheets of thin foreign-looking paper before him, and read : — Ralph's Letter. Fiery Creek, New South Wales, July, 1852. 'My Dear Father and Mother, - Prepare yourselves for a surprise. By the heading of this letter you will see I am not on board the Statesman, but far away in the interior, far from the "rolling sea," and it is with some sorrow that I tell you I must spend my first Christmas away from home in the Australian bush. It was impossible to resist the temptation to go to the "diggings." Every day there are fresh "finds," business is at a standstill in the coast towns, and the bush roads leading to the locale of the discoveries are thronged with bullock- drays and swagmen on foot, pushing forward in their thirst for gold. I have thrown in my lot with an American named Reuben Grant, or " Rube," as he prefers to be designated. He is an old Californian digger, and we are what they call here "mates." We have pegged out a claim, and have sunk about 6ft, but no signs yet of the precious metal. A claim but little removed from ours has got out some fine nuggets, and we are in hopes. Oh, it is a fascinating quest - this gold-quest ! What a scene ! There are 4000 men here, and the cry is "still they come." And what a pot-pourri ! - lawyers, doctors, even clergymen, habited in moleskins, shirts, and slouch hats, baring their arms and blistering their hands delving for gold. There are storekeepers who reap a richer harvest than the goldseekers. There are loafers, idlers, blackguards, and the scum of time-expired convicts. They have a system here of letting out some convicts to service. Scores of these fellows have taken to the bush and diggings, and lead lawless lives. Police protection is perfectly inadequate ; brawls are of hourly occurrence ; and the sharp crack of a pistol-shot sounds ominously enough at times. Every man is armed, for life and property are not safe. Only this morning four scoundrels assembled at our claim, and made a bullying effort to jump it ; but Rube was equal to the occasion. "Look 'a here, you darned skunks, Rube Grant ain't agoing to stand nonsense from sich as you. See here," he said, and he took a short clay pipe from his pocket. He threw the pipe up high in the air over his head, and with remarkable rapidity drew a revolver from his belt, fired, and the pipe was shattered into a thousand pieces. Without pausing he threw a half-crown piece in the same way, and the bullet, from a second discharge, sent the coin reeling from its downward course. '' See that, "he coolly said. By this time others of a better stamp had gathered round, and had applauded the exhibition of his skill. " Now, jest listen - yes, your ears are big enough ; guess Darwin would fix your ancestors sure," this to the premier bully. "Wal, if you and the other three black-looking sons of sin come fooling round here, I'll jest serve you as I served that 'ere pipe and half-dollar piece. Here's four left," pointing to the remaining chambers of his piece ; then to each in turn he said, " I'll chip a piece out of your ear, close to them big bumps of destruction at back on it ; and I'll jest carry away that lump of a nose o' yourn that makes you squint so bad - you would be obliged to me, you would ; and you that's showing your teeth, wal, I'll shift the top row for you." The diggers gathered round were enjoying the scene, when the fourth man, whom Rube was on the point of addressing, uttered an oath, and drew a revolver ; but before he had time to pull the trigger Rube fired, and with a howl of pain the blackguard dropped his weapon. " Reckon you won't use that digit any more to draw a barker. Say ! you've got yours in advance." Rube had smashed the ruffian's forefinger. I had been a silent and astonished spectator of the scene, albeit prepared for an emergency. The four drew away, using frightful language ; he with the destroyed finger vowing vengeance. Rube only retorted with a laugh and a characteristic reply. But I anticipate trouble. These are common episodes in this great canvas town. Men bent on getting gold, and not a woman's softening face in the mass.' ' What a scene !' murmured Rose. ' I hate gold,' chimed in Ada. ' I love that American,' cried Arthur. 'I fear for my dear Ralph,' sighed Mrs. Martindale. 'Ah !' said Arthur, ' Rube Grant will stick to Ralph. Papa, he could chip them away a little piece at a time, couldn't he?' And the boy's eyes sparkled. 'Go on, Mark,' said the wife and mother, her voice slightly broken ; 'go on.' The letter was resumed— 'By the time this letter reaches you it will be Christmas, or thereabouts, and you will be all seated round the fire thinking of me, the absentee. Before that time I may make a fortune, and then " Ho ! for England." At any rate I shall give it a fair trial. I have met here a Captain Eltham, a fine handsome man of thirty, captain in the Mounted Police, a soldierly looking lot of men told off to escort gold, scour the country in pursuit of bushrangers, and the like. I dare say cousin Ada will be with you at Christmas time. Well, she won't have me to tease. Perhaps she will give Reginald a "turn." What will Rose say to that ?' Rose coloured up to the roots of her hair, and hung her head. Reginald had paid her some attention, and the girl in her heart loved him— but when the more attractive Ada came on a visit, and he saw her, his manner changed. For Ada, she amused herself with him, but this night she was 'out of sorts,' and her little coquettish heart was throbbing at the mention of the name of her cousin over the neon. Reginald, too, felt some qualms of conscience \- he felt he loved Ada Watkin, while he knew he would be wronging his friend Ralph, who had at his heart upon making his cousin his wife. Did he advise Ralph Martindale to go to Australia for a trip in order that he might have a clear field ? It looked like it. However, the reading of the letter proceeded uninterrupted by the thoughts of the listeners. ' Tell Arthur I have quite a menagerie in my tent - an emu that can pick bread from the top of my head, a tame wallaby (a small species of kangaroo), a cockatoo, and my staghound Bruce make an imposing collection. Rube says, "Guess we'll go into the show business if we can canoe these critters over the pond." It is uncertain when I may write next, as ships are detained for want of hands, most extraordinary wages being paid down beforehand for the run home. Goodbye, my dear father and mother, and God bless you all. I shall pop in upon you unexpectedly one fine day soon, with £50,000 at my back. Nothing less will satisfy me. Love to Rose and Arthur, and last, though not least of all, to my tantalising cousin Ada.—Believe me, ever your affectionate and dutiful son, Ralph Martindale.—Give my respects, &c;, to Reginald. . The mailman is waiting, and Rube is singing out at the bottom of the hole like a lunatic, so I must close this, and, in his language, "hurry up." R.M.' Mr. Martindale put the letter back into his pocket-book with a sigh. ' Ralph is sanguine,' he said; ' nothing but £50,000 will suit him. Ah, well, I have had to work hard for what I am now worth, still I would not begrudge him a stroke of luck ; he is a good lad, and I don't think his head will be turned by good fortune.' ' Why doesn't he say what Rube wanted him for ?' cried Arthur. ' The mailman was waiting,' said Rose. ' Yes, and I suppose,' said Reginald,' they are not like ordinary mailmen, but have many a weary mile of riding through the bush.' ' I shall be anxious, most anxious, till I hear from him again. I wish he had not told us about those four wicked men,' was Mrs. Martindale's plaintive remark. There was just then a smart knock at the room door, and a trim parlour-maid, in neat cap and apron, entered. 'Please, sir,' said the girl, 'there's a poor boy lying outside the railings, almost covered up with snow. Jane thinks the poor soul is froze to death.' ' Good gracious !' cried Mr. Martindale, as he and Reginald rose from their seats, ' Let us go at once and see.' ' O bring him in here, papa,' exclaimed Rose. ' Be sure, Rose, your papa will not leave any one to perish,' said her mother. The two gentlemen went out into the night together, and presently returned, Reginald carrying in his arms the inanimate body of the boy we saw in the opening of this story. There was no sign of life in his frail form, his hair was wet, and his little jacket and trousers were covered with the snow, which in the heat of the room quickly melted and dripped upon the carpet. They laid him gently upon the handsome couch, regardless of the injury his wet clothes would do it, and the tender women gathered around him, murmuring 'Poor child,' 'Poor boy,' 'Is he dead ?' They removed his much-worn boots, and chafed his feet and hands, while Mr. Martindale took from the sideboard a decanter of brandy, and poured a goodly quantity down the lad's throat. This was effective, and presently they had the satisfaction of seeing him open his eyes, and draw a deep sigh. ' Where am I ?' he asked feebly. 'With friends, my poor boy,' replied Mr. Martindale. ' How came you to be lying there in the snow ?' ' I dunno, sir,' said the boy. ' I must be agoing, sir. Poor mother will be awful cut up cause I'm away so long. She's sick, sir, and hungry, and' - the boy burst into tears. ' You shall go to her, my boy, as soon as you have had something to eat to strengthen you,' said Mrs. Martindale, and she despatched the servant to the kitchen with a whispered instruction. ' I ain't 'ad nothing to eat since yesterday, ma'am, but I couldn't touch anything till mother 'ad some.' ' But as soon as you are recovered and have a little food you will be better able to take some thing to your mother; and some of us will go with you ; and if she is in want of anything it shall be got for her,' kindly said Mr. Martindale. 'God bless you, sir. What a funny taste there is in my mouth! Have you been giving me physic, sir ?' 'No, child; only a little brandy, which did you good.' ' Brandy, sir !' cried the boy, as he raised himself on one arm, 'Oh why did you give me that brandy ? O, lor, I'd sooner have died than had brandy. I knelt by mother's bedside, sir, when littler than now, and swore that drink should never pass my lips, never ; and now I've broke it—and mother, sir, she prayed to God to give me strength to keep my pledge. Oh, why did you give me brandy, sir ?' ' Nay, child,' said the old gentleman, 'it was not your fault—you have not broken your pledge ; besides, it perhaps saved your life.' ' No, sir, I can't believe it saved my life. Oh, sir, if you knew the curse of the stuff ! Brandy sent my father across the sea a convict to Australia. Nothing but the drink, sir, made him do what he did.' At the mention of Australia the little group were interested. ' Yes, sir,' the boy went on unasked, 'we was pretty comfortable, father working in a fitting shop ; but he got into bad company, and took to drink. He got out of employment, and things went awful bad. Father he got reckless, and didn't care how things went so long as he got drink. He went from bad to worse, and he got mixed up in a burglary. They took him, sir, and he got ten years, and was sent out to Australia. He's done about six now. I was only five year old, then, but I shan't forget it, sir, never ; and it broke poor mother's heart, almost. Now she's sick, and we ain't got fire nor food. Oh ! it was all the drink. Oh, why did you give me brandy, sir ?' They cheered him, and diverted the conversation, asking him his name, and where he lived. His name he said waa Stephen Bland. 'Mother,' he went on, 'always calls me ' Stephen ;' but the boys calls me " Stiff-un," or " Stiff"—l mostly gets Stiff—and we live in a room in Chancery-lane.' Just then the girl entered with some soup which had been made hot, and bread, Mrs. Martindale rightly thinking that something light would suit the boy's empty stomach. 'Stiff was with difficulty persuaded to partake of it, and then only when he was assured that a basket of food was being prepared for him to take home. Then he greedily devoured it as if in a hurry to get away with the promised gift. A basket plentifully stocked was speedily prepared, and a suit of Arthur's put in to replace 'Stiff's' wet things. He stubbornly refused to change till he got home. Mr. Martindale and Reginald proposed going with the lad to his home, and donned their overcoats. Rose and Ada wanted much to accompany them, but were denied ; they would go on the morrow. Stiff expressed his thanks for all this kindness in his characteristic way, and the three set out for Mrs. Bland'a room in Chancery-lane. CHAPTER II. ' Coo-ee, coo-ee ; hurry up, hurry up ! Hi, Ralph ! Ralph ! What in thunder keeps yer ? Reckon you were born in bits, and put together by contract. Shoo ! this is a "find," and no darned bunkum. Blame me ef I can get it out. But here, hold on, Rube Grant—Snakes ! You'll have to pop the break on and go slow. It won't do to let these ere coons know this, or, by Jerusalem, our lives ain't worth a popcorn. Shoo ! Guess I'll jest cover this up again for the present.' The reader will rightly judge that we have moved the scene to Australia, back to the time of Ralph's writing his letter introduced in the last chapter ; and that the speaker is the genial American Reuben Grant. Rube covered this up, scrambled out of the hole,' and walked in the direction of their tent. The mailman galloped away, Ralph Martindale came out of the tent, and the two mates met each other. Ralph Martindale was a young man of medium height, strongly built, with nut-brown hair that curled and festooned about a handsome face. Reuben Grant was a tall lean man, with light straight hair, sharp features, small deeply-set eyes, and wore upon his chin only a tuft of stumpy beard that looked as if it had been chopped. ' What were you singing out for, Rube ? I was just finishing my letter for home, and it's on the way now, old man, for Peter was late, and he's putting on steam !' ' Wal, I've got some news for yer,' replied Rube, ' that might have gone in that letter that would make the old folks' hair curl, I opine. Guess, Ralph, my lad, we're in it right up to the chin ; Oh, yes, we're soused, sure.' ' What do you mean ? What are you talking about ?' queried the other. ' That's it ; I don't know. But jest come along o' me, and we'll investigate. But keep a sharp lookout none o' those devil's imps are squinting around. I might as well have the six.' So saying, Rube proceeded to load the chambers of the revolver he had discharged in his exhibition of skill in his ' finger trick,' as he called the destruction of the ruffian's digit. Arrived at the hole, Rube jumped down - it was only some 6ft. deep - and let his tongue wag to the following strain :—' Say, Ralph, have you got a brace of goggles ? blue or green ones would be best, because you'll go stone blind when you cast your optics on this - l swear by Jonathan's eagle. See here, but jest cast a look round. Don't let any o' those skulkers spot us ; so give crow" if you see any of 'em smelling about ; guess we'd have 'em round us like blowflies. You dangle your feet over the edge and sit unconcerned-like, as though you didn't care a tinker's curse whether you struck gold or not.' Ralph obeyed, wondering and expectant, for he began to have an inkling that Rube had some great surprise in store for him. Rube quickly threw aside the dirt, and displayed to Ralph's astonished gaze a massive nugget embedded in the earth. ' Look at that !' quoth Rube. ' Just gaze - jest regard it ! I can't move it. See ! we don't see it all,' and he cleared the soil away round it and showed that the huge lump expanded as he got down. ' By Jehoshophat, there's a hundredweight if there's an ounce !' Ralph had dropped mechanically into the hole, and was literally mute with astonishment. He stooped down and examined the irregular block. It was almost entirely of gold. ' Now see here, Ralph, we must just be spry ; I tell you I ain't been in California for nothing. Do you just take the shotgun with a sack ; you'll find some black swans up by Blood Creek ; jest you knock over a couple or so, put 'em in the sack, and make tracks back here. Now, don't stand shilly-shallying, but go right off; we've got four hours' daylight. I'll stop here and play 'possum.' Used to his mate's ways, Ralph did as directed \- got the gun and sack, and set out, first commanding his dog Bruce to keep guard over the tent. Meantime Rube remained at the hole. A digger or two passed and stopped to say a word or so, such aa ' Got ony colour ?' ' Any luck ?' 'Colour ! Nary a colour,' Rube answered snappishly, savagely striking the sides with his shovel. 'Luck ? Freeze me, but luck has deserted this chicken ever since I left San Francisco.' Once more alone, he continued, ' But now it has come in a big dose to make up for it.' In about an hour Ralph returned with three black swans in his primitive game bag. ' You see,' said Rube, ' you are going to stuff these for the old folks at home, Ralph. Pitch down the bag and let's have this out quick. You keep a lookout.' Rube quickly had the block of gold cleared round, and, prizing it up with his pickaxe with an effort, it rolled over. If the two friends were astonished before, they were electrified now. The nugget weighed fully l 3/4 cwt.— subsequently they found it weighed 2345 oz., consecutive figures. It was as much as the two men could do to lift it into the bag. This done, Rube threw a black swan in after it, and, shouldering the burden with Ralph's assistance, walked as quickly as he could to the tent. ' Jest get back to the claim, Ralph ; I'll plant this.' Ralph, with mixed feelings of wonder and delight, obeyed. Rube thereupon dug a hole inside the tent large enough to contain the treasure, deposited it therein ; then spread the sack over the place, with the swan lying on the sack. But when Rubo got back to his mate it was his turn to be surprised. Ralph was down on his knees groping about with his hands. ' Say, Ralph,' cried Rube, 'fossicking ? Ain't that enough ?" ' Enough !' rejoined Ralph : ' why, Rube, there's a regular nest - look ! He lifted his hat, which was lying on the earth, and displayed a nugget weighing, as was afterwards found, 220z. ' By thunder !' exclaimed Rube, ' that'll be useful for a blind.' ' But this is not all either,' cried the excited Ralph. Nor was it. It appeared as though a massive rock of gold had been severed into seven different pieces of nearly equal sizes - one, the weight of which has been given, and which Rube had planted in the tent, and no less than six others, which the now half-demented men unearthed and transferred to the tent with a black swan as before ; and, as before, Rube disposed of it, leaving lialph in the hole with the smallest nugget as Rube's 'blind.' Partly exhausted with his labours and excitement, Rube on his return leant hia back against the side and gave vent to hia feelings. ' Wal, I guess those beauties we grubbed up last will turn the scale at 2000 oz. It proved afterwords that the six nuggets weighed respectively 1800oz. - a monster in truth - 286 oz - 150oz - 147 oz and 22 oz. the blind ; though why Rube called it the ' blind ' Ralph could only oonjocture. Thus the grand total of this unparalleled find amounted to 4850 oz. — a fortune for each. ' Guess, Ralph, this is Aladdin licked ; say, isn't it all a dream ? No, damned if it is ; there's the black swans, sure, and there's the " blind." ' What do you mean by the "blind ?"'said Ralph. ' Well,' replied Rube, ' you Britishers are obtuse. 'Taint in reason to suppose that this hole's got any more like this. Anyhow, we've got enough, I reckon, and 'twill be best for us to "clear." Now, don't you see, we can let it be known we've got this nugget, 'cause they'll know we can't shift without the " chips." Wal, don't you see, we can fossick a bit longer, sell out cause you want to get home to your people - that's our yam - and I, wal, I'm sick of the business, you see. We'll sell the claim for a good figure, and the next thing's to get them lumps safe down to Melbourne - see ?' Ralph nodded In the affirmative. ' Now, listen ; we'll just skin them swans you're going to take home ; so let's get back to the tent. Bruce is holding guard there, and I reckon he'll give tongue if anyone's skulking oround. At this moment a digger came on the scene, a good-natured open-countenanced fellow, and bade them 'Good evening, mates ; what luck ?' ' Guess we've got a start,' said Rube, and he held up 'the blind.' The digger's eyes sparkled as they only can when the virgin gold is found. ' Phew ! a good start, too,' he cried. ' There's a pound and a-half, if there's a pennyweight.' He sang out to a mate, who came up ; the news spread, and very soon quite a crowd collected round the friends' claim. Many good offers were made to buy right off, but llubo affected caution. ' Look here, mates, this 'ere youngster he's anxious to get home to his mam — leastways he was - cause the old man's getting shaky, and likely to pass in his cheques. We were getting disgusted, but I reckon we'll try this a bit longer now.' Ralph and the American were popular on the field, and were known as ' The Jack-Stripes' \- probably given in the sense of the two national flairs, 'The Union Jack' and the 'Stars and Stripes.' Well, a day or two passed on ; the swans were skinned, also a kangaroo, 'possum, native bear, &c.; Ralph and Rube worked with apparent industry at the claim, and found a small nugget, weighing about an ounce and a-half. This Rube considered a favourable opportunity for moving. He gave out that the youngster was homesick and tired of the game ; that the old man had plenty of coin, and there was no good in his wasting his time here. The old man wanted to see him 'afore he died. ' Guess we'll come back again and try our luck.' The explanation was satisfactory. The claim was purchased for a good sum, and repaid its purchaser next day, at which Rube pretended to be awfully cut up. The ' blind' nugget was sold to a storekeeper, and now every preparation was made for departure. It was the evening before in their tent ; and Rube and Ralph were discussing their plans. A dray was going down to Melbourne on the morrow, and they had agreed with the owner to accompany him. Many a digger in those days preferred to carry his own gold with him in preference to entrusting it to an escort—for it was no uncommon occurrence for the escort to be attacked and overpowered by the lawless bands that infested the country ; again, too, many a poor fellow had perished whose fate never became known. Ralph and Rube had sold their tent and gold-digging implements, &c;, and a couple of chests and their blankets constituted their luggage. ' You see,'said Rube,' we'll stuff them nuggets into the swans, and sew 'em up. We must be careful to let 'em down easy, as if they was light.' This had been the substance of the conversation throughout the night, spoken in whispers - their plans - and they proceeded to put them into execution. Very cautiously the precious lumps were sewn strongly into skins, first being surrounded with sacking ; and Rube practised carrying them so as not to betray their weight. They were finishing their task, when Bruce raised his nose from the ground, and gave a low angry growl. Rube laid his hand on his revolver, and started to his feet. Presently the dog laid his nose down, only to raise it quickly again with a growl more angry than before. Rube and Ralph lifted up the canvas, and peered out into the night. It was dark as Erebus, and nothing could be distinguished. ' Bruce don't talk for nothing,' said the American. ' Some late night-bird staggering to his tent after a booze, or maybe only a possum,' remarked Ralph. Soon the circumstance was dismissed, and the two friends lav down, their revolvers handy, with the faithful staghound nestling his honest snout to his master's breast. If the reader had, about an hour after Rube and Ralph had settled down to rest, visited a lonely spot, rock-bound and tree-bound, about two miles from the outskirts of the goldfield, he would have seen seven men lying or sitting round a small fire, smoking but engaging in conversation, at times loud, at times low and fierce, but throughout liberally bespattered with oaths. Four of these men we have seen before, and one especially can be recognised by his bandaged finger. Rube had done his work well, and that finger was not likely to pull a trigger any more. Two others, beetle-browed and heavy-bearded, are the premier scoundrels—the ' Simon pure,' who dictate, and swear, and bluster, who are ready to cut a throat at a moment's notice, who have the life instinct of brutes, for their lives are priced ; they are outlaws—' Black Ben' and ' Devil Jack.' The seventh man is of a much milder type - nay, there was something gentle at times in his manner, though he appeared to be under the thumb of the rest, looked down upon, and treated with contempt. * I tell you,' said he of the finger, ' I was close to the tent. I saw them sewing the gold up in the black swan skins—as much as they could lift - and the Yankee ( here a frightful anathema on Rube's head ) practised how to carry them without showing up.' 'How much gold was there?' asked Black Ben. ' They could scarcely lift it, I tell ye ; there were three skins full, bulged out, and they'd got a rope round it inside, holding it up and passing through to the legs. There 'must ha' been over 2cwt. and more.' More oaths followed this announcement. ' When do they start ? Which way do they go ?' * They start tomorrow with Hurworth's dray ; they'll go down the old track, sure, till they come to Bill's, of Bang Bang.' ' He's right,' put in Devil Jack. ' One of us must go ahead right off to put Bill up to it, and spoil the dray,' said Black Ben. ' How many of 'em are there ?' ' Hurworth, the Yankee, and the young fellow.' The leaders laughed. ' Easy game,' cried Black Ben. The Yankee is a terror (more oaths), and can hit a pin's head. Damn him, I'd like to " pink " him for that,' he said, holding up his finger. ' You'll have a chance,' sneered Devil Jack : but look - Steve here must go right away and see Bill'—Steve is the quiet seventh man described - ' and look here,' the speaker added with a savage oath, ' if you play false, I'll have a look at that white liver of yours,' and he drew a knife that had murder in its very sheen. ' What do you take me for ?' retorted Steve, with well-feigned indignation, though the colour left his cheeks at the threat. ' We take you for a cur that's greedy for gold, but gets sick at the sight of the ruby,' cried Black Ben ; ' but, curse you, if you peach I'll cut your wagging tongue out, and make you eat it with salt and mustard ; I will, by --' The man said he would perform his part faithfully, and with many additional oaths and threats his instructions were given him, and he took his departure. An hour later, the six ruffians left their encampment and dispersed. What their plans and movements were will be explained in proper time. They might well doubt Steve. Bad he was and had been, but he owed Reuben Grant and Ralph Martindale a debt of gratitude - nothing less than his life. He had been accused of stealing gold - things looked bad against him - the miners were furious - many robberies had been committed, and no redress could be obtained. A very great number of Californian diggers were on the ground, and the cry of 'Judge Lynch' was raised. Steve was seized, the rope put about his neck, and he was just about to be swung off, when Rube Grant stepped forward, followed by Ralph, and said he ' warn't quite satisfied about it,' and begged for a quarter of an hour's wait. It was a question of the time when this robbery was committed. The principal witness swore positively to the time and hour when he waa absent, and during which the property had been stolen. 'Wal,' said Rube, ' I wasn't quite certain of the man, but I guess I ain't far wrong. Say, stranger,' this to Steve ; 'you asked me to loan you a knife to cut some tobacco on that day at Dead Man's Gully, just about that time too, I reckon.' A gleam of hope shot into the man's eyes as he quickly answered, ' Yes.' ' Wal, I was kind o' bothered at the time, and didn't take much notice, but you might ha' returned the knife. Have you got it about your clothes ?' Steve dived into his pocket and produced a large dagger knife. The American took it, and said: 'Guess that's the toothpick, "Reuben Grant" on the handle. See, gentlemen, that was at Dead Man's Gully, twenty miles away, and my mate here can prove it.' Of course Steve was let loose, not without some expressions of discontent from a few blood thirsty ones. Steve then owed them his life, and he was determined to foil his associates, though their threats were yet ringing in hia ears. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Our two friends had proceeded on their way for some forty odd miles without anything extraordinary happening. Hurworth had a good team of horses (eight), a valuable property in those days, when bullocks were the usual draught animals used. Watch and watch had been kept during the night. Rube and Ralph were not going to be robbed of their treasure for want of precaution. Hurworth was not aware ot the value of his passengers' property. They determined to suitably reward him on safe arrival in Melbourne ; but, although the man was thoroughly honest, they deemed it more prudent to say nothing, for, doubtless, he would be alarmed at the risk. However, an event occurred which necessitated their taking him into their confidence. They had approached a spot where the road wound round a hill studded with huge boulders. 'Likely spot this,' said Rube, 'for bushrangers.' ' You may say that,' said the teamster. 'It was just here that " Bloody Jack" and his gang were wiped out.' ' Where are we going to camp tonight ?* asked Ralph. ' We'll make Billy's, at Bang Bang, about sundown,' replied Hurworth, * and camp about two miles further on, where there's good water. I can't say I care much about Billy. I fancy he's mixed up with a lot of these characters, and I am always glad to get away with the horses from his neighbourhood.' As he spoke a man stepped suddenly from behind a boulder and advanced towards the team. It was Steve. Rube laid his hand on his revolver, and accosted the newcomer : ' Wal, mate, what's your game now ? Guess I seen you afore, when you were likely to dance on a floor as no boards could make. You had a nasty feeling about your neck that time.' ' And that's why I'm here,' returned Steve. ' You saved my life, and I want to save yours now. Turn for turn. Oh, I know you are incredulous. I've been a bad un. I once was a good man, with a loving wife and child - they may be living now ; I hope to God they are : and please God if ever I see them again they'll find Stephen Bland a good man again.' He then briefly recounted the plan to rob and, if need be, murder them, adding, ' my life is not worth an hour's purchase if I desert them, but I don't care. I shall desert them. I'm going to start good from this hour. I've got my ticket-of-leove with three years to run, so if you gentlemen—for you are gentlemen—will accept me I'll make one on your side.' The man spoke calmly, and carried conviction to his hearers, but Rube was not quite satisfied. Hurwurth was intensely surprised when he heard of the wealth, and seriously alarmed, too ; but he was a brave man, nevertheless, and the three set about concocting some plan to defeat the ruffians. Steve said the attack was to be made after leaving Bang Bang, and that he was to instruct Bill to lame the horses, take out the pins of the wheels, &c.; Ralph advised that Steve be trusted, and Rube at last consented, though he quietly told him that the slightest appearance of betrayal would be followed by instant death. ' So they know that the gold is in the swan skins, do they : asked Rube. Steve answered in the affirmative. In reply to Rube, Steve said he had a revolver. ' Wal,' said Rube, ' look here, boys, jest lend me a hand, and we'll shift this stuffing, and put some good-sized stones in instead ; there's no time to lose.' The gold was removed, and placed in the chests. The teamster was thunderstruck, and Steve's eyes glistened so as to draw a remark from Rube. ' Don't feel satisfied, eh ? Wish you'd a kept to your mates, eh ? Good haul, eh ? By thunder, if you show false I'll put the first bullet through you, so don't forget it.' ' You shall have a good reward, both of you,' said Ralph, ' if we get all right to Melbourne.' Heavy stones were put inside the skins, and they were sewn up more carefully and strongly than before. All this took time. Hurworth was asked what was the best course to be pursued, to touch at Bang Bang or strike off. ' Well, I wonder,' said Hurworth ' at Black Ben or Devil Jack venturing near Bang Bang. Eltham and his troopers have a notion that they're hereabouts, and are running them up. They've got two smart trackers with 'em ; and they'll be worth nabbing ; there's £500 offered for Ben, and the same for Jack. The escort will be down this way tomorrow, too.' ' By thunder,' exclaimed Rube, ' let's go right on ; blame it, we'll fool 'em yet. I don't see we can do better - these darned wheels will show tracks like a line o' rails. See here, just follow my advice. I've got a spare pair of revolvers, so've you, Ralph ; jest load them up, and plant the others handy in the dray, out of sight. Guess if these fellows are worth £1000 we might as well box them if we can.' This was done, and they proceeded on their way. Suddenly Rube gave utterance to an oath, a thing he seldom did. ' Cuss me, he's gone;' Steve had slipped unperceived off into the bush. The men looked blankly at each other. What was to be done ? The transfer of the gold would be known. Rube bit his lip; they were but a mile from Bang Bang. A halt was called, and the dray taken off the road into the bush. Presently Steve reappeared, and explained that for the safety of his own life he could not venture near Bang Bang, but would assist from the outside when least expected. He said he had taken a short cut through the bush, and had approached close to the shanty to reconnoitre ; the men were already there, concealed in the house. He swore he had had no communication with them, but had gathered that they were in a flurry, as the troopers were scouring the country all round. They were in a hurry to get the job over. ' Well, darn me if I know whether to trust you or not, but, anyhow, we ain't going to be stopped, so come on.' Steve assured them that he would be there in the time of need, and disappeared once more. ' Look here, these fellers will be in a hurry to get, so if they demand our arms jest give 'em up innocent like, and play skunk. We've got the others planted handy.' They approached a deep gully, with dense bush on either side of the track. Rube had scarcely spoken when seven men sprang simultaneously from the bush, and covered the three with their revolvers. Indeed, so taken by surprise were they that Rube's instructions were superfluous ; they were completely at the mercy of the ruffians ; Steve was not there ; the seventh man was Billy. With a volley of oaths, their arms were demanded and given up, the American saying : ' Wal, I guess we're euchred this time.' ' Aye, and here's change for your spoiling my hand you --, cried the man who we may style ' Finger,' raising his revolver. ' Stop that !' shouted Black Ben ; ' the traps are not far off; do you want to bring them down on us ? Fetch them horses, smart, now !' The horses were quickly brought from their concealment, the black swans lifted out of the dray, and, placing them in front of them, the bushrangers rode rapidly off into the bush, leaving a swarm of oaths and threats behind them. Rube, Ralph, and the teamster looked at each other for a few minutes. The gang were far off by this. A broad grin spread over Rube's countenance, and simultaneously the trio burst into an uncontrollable fit of laughter. ' I'd like to see them rip up them birds,' said Rube. ' Say, won't they chew. Guess the coon that told them about it. 'll get snakes.' ' They'll return when they find out their mistake,' said Hurworth. ' That's so ; but we'll get a good start,'cried Rube. ' And we may drop across Eltham and his troopers,' put in Ralph. The horses were put to their best pace, and about a mile further on they came upon Steve, who said that the gang had taken to the ranges, and would not stop to examine their booty till they had reached one of their lairs, of which he knew. This proved to be correct, and good progress was made during the next two days. They were beginning to think they would be troubled no more. Steve felt sure that Black Ben would not give up the chase - his savage nature would be roused to fury. Hurworth confirmed that opinion. ' Wal, boys,' said Rube, 'we've got to fight this time, anyhow ; they'll think we're unarmed, so won't be so particular in coming down on us.' Rube instructed the others what to do in case of attack. What follows took less time to enact than it takes now to describe. They had emerged from the ordinary gum studded bush into a little open ground, when they heard the noise of horses' feet behind them, and saw the seven ruffians coming at top speed towards them, shouting ond brandishing their weapons. The four men sprang from the dray and made for a clump of trees a few paces away. Hurworth's team stooped dead, and remained so during the whole of the scene. Rube's conjecture was right. The gang, thinking them defenceless, came up with a shout of triumph, and flung themselves from their horses, but scarcely had ' Finger' put his foot to tho ground, when he fell, pierced through the heart. The American's bullet had struck home. Three other shots followed in quick succession, and two more ruffians bit the dust - one dead, the other badly hit on the knee. Devil Jack rushed forward with a savage oath, firing his revolver rapidly at Steve, who was not so well protected by a tree as his companions. Steve fell with a heavy groan. Devil Jack was hit on the elbow, and dropped his weapon. At this moment a stentorian voice shouted, 'Surrender in the Queen's name !' Half-a-dozen troopers dashed up. The bushrangers were ridden down and securely handcuffed, and all in the space of a few minutes. ' Smart work ! How are you off for black swan ? Say, mate, how did yer enjoy the stuffing ?' said Rube to Black Ben, who was foaming at the mouth like a wild beast. ' Thank you, Captain Eltham,' cried Ralph, holding out his hand to the leader of the troop, a fine military-looking man of thirty ; ' thank you. Your assistance was well timed.' ' What, Martindale !' exclaimed tbe officer, " This is a pleasure, to think I should be of service to you. I'm delighted. Well, yes, perhaps it was just as well we struck you, but,' with a glance at the two dead outlaws, * you don't seem to have been doing very badly.' ' Guess we'd ha' pulled through, Cap'n,' cried Rube. 'Say ! This poor fellow is hit bad,' pointing to Steve, who was half sitting up, supported against a tree, while the teamster was giving him a drink from his water-bag. The officer approached Steve, and scanned him closely. ' I know this man,' he said. ' He must have recently joined the gang. Fool ! I thought there was a chance of reformation for him. He's got his ticket, and would soon be a free man.' They explained the part Steve had taken in the scenes described, upon which Captain Eltham said, ' Then I'll see that his pardon is recommended to the proper quarter.' 'Wal, I reckon he'll get his pardon from a higher court, Cap'n,' quoth Rube. ' I surmise he's got notice to quit.' ' Nothing of the kind,' said Ralph, examining the wound. ' The bullet has struck the chest, missed the lung, though, and passed out at the top of the shoulder.' True enough, a small hole in the man's coat showed where the bullet had made its exit. Here Ralph's professional skill was of good service. Ralph gave the Captain a particular account of their leaving the diggings, and the two mates were censured for being so foolhardy. ' However,' he added,' you'll have a safe escort now. I shall take these men right on to Melbourne, where they can be identified. I've been after them for some time.' The two dead outlaws were buried without ceremony, and the party encamped for the night after seeing to the two wounded men. At daybreak a move was made, and after easy travelling Melbourne was safely reached. The great find of the two friends, coupled with the capture of the desperate outlaws, made a great stir in Melbourne, and Ralph and his mate came in for a great deal of attention. The teamster and Steve, too, were not overlooked. The latter recovered, and the Governor was advised to recommend the Crown to pardon him. There was much delay about this, Sydney having to be communicated with, and finally the Home Authorities. Ralph wanted to take him home with them, but was impatient of delay. The teamster was handsomely rewarded. Ralph and Rube sold their gold, and each had a draft on London for over £10,000. They refused to participate in the rewards for assisting in the capture of the bushrangers, who were ail hanged. Ralph made Steve promise that the moment he was pardoned he would make for England, where honest employment would be found for him. The two friends had to wait some months before getting a suitable vessel, and what with being dismasted, becalmed, and other casualties, another Christmas will be close upon them before the reader sees them at the conclusion of this story. CHAPTER III., AND LAST. We left Mr. Martindale and Reginald Teale departing on their errand of mercy with ' Stiff ' to visit his mother. They found the poor woman in a pitiable condition, but it was evidently weakness caused by want of proper nourishment. There was no fire in the grate on this bitterly cold night, and a single blanket (and that a thin one) was her only bed-covering. 'Stiff' threw himself on his mother's breast, and poured out his grateful heart in praise of Mr. and Mrs. Martindale's kindness. The delicate woman brushed the hair from his forehead, and printed a kiss there. Then he told her about the brandy, but said, ' Mother, I never knowed ;' and she, smiling, consoled him. Hanging fondly about her, ' Stiff' watched her eat a few slice* of bread and butter —long privation had made her stomach too weak for strong food. A little soup seemed to put a new life into her. Mr. Martindale sent 'Stiff' down for the landlady, who came up all smiles to the 'gentlemen.' She commiserated about the 'poor dear', although not two hours ago she had threatened to turn her out into the street. Mr. Martindale told her to light a fire in the grate directly, and, after inquiry, paid a month's rent, telling her that she was to look after her till she got strong. Mr. Martindale and Reginald then sallied forth with 'Stiff,' and returned with that now happy urchin laden with groceries, candles, and many comforts, not omitting to mention blankets. Mrs. Bland thanked her benefactors with tears of gratitude, and the gentlemen took their departure, promising to send the ladies on the morrow - Christmas Day. The promise was kept, and the poor mother and son were happier than they had been for many a long day. Mr. Martindale took ' Stiff* into his office as a messenger, and the lad's heart throbbed with gratitude. Neither did he betray the trust reposed in him. He proved himself sharp, willing, and was a favourite with all. So nearly a year sped away, and no news came from Australia. It was getting near to another Christmas. Reginald Teale made no progress with Ada, whose heart was over the sea. Rose pined in secret, grateful even for a smile, and ready to throw herself into the arms of the man she loved. But there came a day when a fearful commercial storm burst with fury over the great merchant princes of London and Manchester. The rotten trees went down like ninepins, the sturdy ones that had stood many an angry blast trembled and tottered, and some even fell with a mighty crash, crushing and tearing others in their fall. The house of Martindale, Watkin. and Co. felt the hurricane in all its power, and was staggering - was falling. Heavy bills were falling due, and nothing could save it. Its utmost resources were taxed - the banks were paralysed, and refused their aid. More than this, Mr. Martindale and Mr. Watkin (another uncle), as Ada's trustees, had invested large sums in the firm's speculations, and should the house fail there would ensue dire loss, and a vast curtailment in the young lady's fortune. This caused great grief to Mr. Martindale. He and his wife were seated in the library ; he had taken her into his counsels. She, poor soul, felt the coming crash keenly ; but, like a true woman, soothed her husband with cheering words of hope. ' Never mind, Mark, we can live quietly as we did in our happy honeymoon days.' ' My own true wife !' was all that the heart broken man could utter. There was gloom throughout the erstwhile pleasant home ; the very domestics seemed to be aware of the nearing calamity, and in the kitchen many a homely sentence of genuine sympathy was spoken for the poor master and mistress. The morrow would come. The morrow would see bills for £15,000 presented to be dishonoured \- an amount that a month ago the firm could have pitched into the street and never missed it ; but now all were holding on, and heavy losses through others' failures had shaken Martindale, Watkin, and Co. to their foundation. Yet there was vitality enough in it to rise Phoenix-like and be stronger than ever could £15,000 be but raised by tomorrow's morn. It was 7 in the evening, quite dark, for it wanted but a few days to Christmas. Mr. Martindale sat alone in his library ; his wife had gone to look after her children, and keep the sad news from them as long as possible. They would know soon enough. The garden at the back of the house extended a long way, and was terminated by a high wall. Over this wall two figures cautiously clambered. ' Come on,' said one, 'there's a big drop here. Look out you don't go through the cucumber frame.' ' Guess I don't want to,' said the other. ' I reckon it'll take me some time to pick the glass out of my pants. Great Scott ! what do they sow broken bottles on stone walls for ? - they're darned inconvenient. Great Caesar's ghost !' The speaker flopped right upon the cucumber frame. A hearty burst of laughter greeted his mishap. ' Consarn you, you laughing jackass - it's painful.' ' So it is,' retortod the other, with another laugh. ' Say ! this is worse than mosquitoes, and soldier ants are a fool to it. This comes of burglarising.' Of course Rube and Ralph are recognised. Ralph had persuaded his friend to spend the Christmas with him, and his joyous mischievous nature had prompted him to enter thus stealthily to give his relatives a happy surprise. The pair stole softly down the walks, Ralph leading the way, past the familiar wicket-gate, past the outbuildings to a door which he opened, and they were at the foot of a flight of stairs that ascended from a spacious lobby. Through this lobby Ralph moved quickly, beckoning his companion to follow. There was no sound in the house ; Ralph knew that the family would be gathered in the cheerful rooms at the other end of the house, and made his way along the passage. He had to pass the library, and he softly opened the door and peeped in. The light was turned down a little, but he could see a well-known form seated at the table with his head buried in his hands on the table. He quickly stepped inside. Rube following. Ralph walked rapidly but noiselessly to the table - his father was sobbing. In an instant his arms were round his father's form. ' Father! Father ! It is I, your son Ralph.' Tho old man bounded to his feet, and with a cry 'My son ! My son !' fell upon his breast. Reuben Grant stood in the background, a quiet but not unmoved spectator of the scene. In a moment or so Mr. Martindale regained his composure. Ralph turned up the light. Rube was forgotten. ' But, father,' said Ralph, 'you were weeping. Mother —' * Is well - all are well; but, my boy, tomorrow will see the old firm of Martindale, Watkin, and Co. posted as bankrupts.' ' Is that all ?' cried Ralph ; ' what sum will save it ?' ' Alas ! more than I can raise. Vast failures have shaken us, and £15,000 alone can carry us through this unparalleled commercial storm.' Ralph pulled out his pocket-book, and took from it some bills, which he placed and spread on the table before Mr. Martindale. ' There, my dear father,' he cried,' are bills for over £10,000. Take them.' ' And if that won't do, old man, jest add another £10,000 to it, and you'll confer a favour on yours truly, Reuben Grant ;' and the great hearted American thumped his bills on the table. Ralph grasped his friend's hand. ' There, Ralph, none o' that; bless yer, I don't think nothing on it. It's jest as well invested in the old man's concern, and God bless him. too.' How can we describe the joy of that Christmas gathering ? Mr. Martindale went gaily into the sitting-room, where all were assembled, and surprised his wife by his altered manner. ' Who do you think is here ?' he cried. ' Ralph !' came from every throat. They had just been speaking of him. Ralph bounded into the room, and was beseiged and overwhelmed with kisses and teara of joy. Poor Rube stood in the background as before ; and a tear glistened in his eye. It was many a long year since he had sat at the ' old man's' fireside. Mr. Martindale, when matters had settled a little, introduced him as Ralph's dear friend and his benefactor. ' O, go slow, Mr. Martindale ; reckon I'm not used to this sort of thing - it kinder brings the water up about my eyes. I ain't seen my folks for many a long year—maybe they're passed out. But I guess after this, I'll go and hunt them up.' Arthur clung to the American with boyish pride as his brother's noble friend, ' Mr. Rube,' said the lad, ' tell me, please, did you "carry away the bridge of that man's nose ?" — and did you "shift tho top row of the other's teeth?'" 'What do you mean, youngster ?' kindly answered Rube. Ralph recalled the incident, and explained that he had mentioned it in his letter ; whereupon he laughed, and said, ' O, no, but they got rubbed out by-and-by. Ralph has got a lot to tell you about black swans, too.' ' Father,' said Ralph, ' Rube wants to know why you sow broken bottles on the top of your wall ?' ' Come, Ralph, that's too bad !' and the scaling of the garden wail was recounted to the infinite amusement of them all, for the American kept putting in some dry remark that added to the merriment. Presently there came a knock at the door, and little ' Stiff' entered, and respectfully stood hat in hand. ' Well, Stephen,'said Mr. Martindale, 'what is it ?' ' Please, sir, I wasn't quite sure whether you asked me to come here first thing before I go to the office ?' ' Yes, Stephen, come here on your way.' ' Very well, sir ; good night, ladies - good night, gentlemen,' and the smart healthy lad turned to leave. Rube had fixed his eyes on the boy as soon as he heard the name, and when he spoke he never took them off. ' Hold on, boy ! Hold on! Hang me - excuse me, ladies - but, say, boy, what's your name ?' ' Stephen Bland, sir.' ' Darn me if I didn't think so. Say, your father's in Australia, ain't he ?' The poor boy burst into tears. ' Nay, youngster,' and the genial Rube placed his hand upon his shoulder ; ' nay, I didn't mean to make you pipe, my poor lad, I've got some — say, take me - your mother's alive.' Mr. Martindale answered for the sobbing boy, ' Wal, take me right away to her. I've got some news for her that'll add ten years to her life, and I ain't going to waste an hour. Come along. Excuse me, I'll see yer again ; but, darn me, I want to make this wife a trifle happy.' And he did. He told her how her husband was to be pardoned, and would shortly be home again, a changed man. How Ralph and he were going to get him something to do, and many other things that carried comfort to that half widowed heart. ' It was the drink, sir. Stephen was a good husband, and I don't believe he knew what he was doing when he was taken.' Martindale, Watkin, and Co. stood the storm ; their credit was enhanced ; and soon the firm, like a staggered vessel, shook the angry seas from her sides, and sailed into smooth waters with a fine breeze to the haven of increased prosperity. Reginald tacitly resigned Ada when he saw his cause waa hopeless, and began to see beauties in Rose. Poor Rose was too happy to have him once more ; and so matters were going smoothly. Rube spent the Christinas with his friend Ralph, and then ran over to America to hunt up ' the old folks,' promising to return in a twelve month's time 'or sooner.' Arthur was much distressed at his departure. Little is left to tell. Ralph and Ada were married ; Reginald and Rose, too. And so we will leave all happy and contented. Steve came home, and Mr. Martindale gave him employment as a porter, and he lived an exemplary life. Rube found the old folks dead, and his only sister married. Poor Rube was lonely. Ralph wanted him to settle down near him, but Rube could not stand a life of inactivity. 'Guess I'll try Australia again. You're married and settled, and got your profession - you won't come. But I can't keep still ; must keep moving.' And so Reuben Grant went out once more to Australia. I intend to follow the fortunes of ' Stiff' in a future story, and perhaps we may drop across the kind American once more. My story is told. This I may say : The incidents of Reuben Grant's ' bouncing' the four ruffians, and the escape of Stephen Bland from lynching, are perfectly true, and occurred about the time stated. I only wish I had my poor brother's letters now that I heard read as a boy thirty-three years ago. They were life pictures of the ' diggings' in those far-away days. Gentle reader, adieu —or, let me hope, au revoir. I wish you ' A Merry Christmas, and a Happy New Year.' 