Sports and Pastimes. TiEVEittL'horoes have been struck out of the. ;Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup since my last article, and I. was somewhat surprised to see Meander's name eliminated drom the former, but X have no doubt there is ;good reason for it. The horse is in good con Edition, and on Saturday la*t won the Steeple •chase at Caulfield, with 9 8t. 10 lbs., beating eleven others. "With the loss of Meander, that • leaves me with Malua only, and I must have another to couple with lum to find a winner, although I fancy the top weight will take a lot of beating. Sir Garnet is as good a favourite as anything at the time X write, and he is perhaps entitled to that position; atanyrate,his backers seem pretty confident, for they stand to win about £15,000 already. Malua has beeu in demand at 100 to 3, but not to any grent amount of money, and no movement appears to have been mode in the proper quarters at present. Rebus, with.G a* only, should run well, and X think will gy a place. Nearly 4 st. is a lot for a horse fialua to give to ono .of the Rebus 'stamp. Helene, 8 st. 5 lbs., is another,that rea ds well, and should mnke a noise in. the ipArket ere long. There are a lot of horses lelffc in that have no chance whatever, and. I my^t atUl sttok to Malua, with Rebus and Helen© as n likely pair to bid for winning honours. Tlie Australian Cup has hardly provoked any hotting at all, but the top weight, Com motion, will be hard to beat, whilst Off Colour is doing good work from all accounts, and may bo meant for this particular race. If Off Colour is really spinning for this event I should bo loth to leave him alone, and with 8 st. 10 lbs. ho will very nearly win. Guesswork has boon talked about, but a telegram I have ro ceived states "it is probablo tho last of. tho gallant littlo Guesswork has been seen for soxho time, for the 'galloping machine' having split his hoof, it will necessitate his being-thrown off for the present." Brown and Rose is being prepared for the rnco and probably Coriolanue will run well. At present I see no reason to alter my opinion that either Commotion or Off Colour will win. The well-known racehorse Glcncoo (says the "Capricornum") changed bunds a few days since, being purchased from tho Messrs. Rutherford Bros, by Messrs., IVand.T. S. Morgan, of Mount Morgan celebrity. The price paid for tho handsome son of Tho Drummer in withheld, but report gives it as a ; stiff figure, though not ouo penny moro than the horse should be worth for stud purposes ajono. "Whotlier his new owners intend to race Glenooo again is not known, but having boon indulged with a much needed spell it may be . . hoped tho horso will be given another chance of distinguishing himself on our oourso. That ho is possessed of paco there is no doubt, as . witness his running on Randwick, where, at tho A.J.C.1 Meeting in 1SS3, with S st. 9 lbs. 5 on lug back, ho cleverly defeated a field of \- 17 in tho A.J.C. Handicap, in *2.13. If destined for the stud such a symmetrical highly brod ljoreo can scarcely fail to mako his mark if mated witli suitable marcs. Glcncoo is a brown five-ycur old sbillion, by Tho Drummer (imp.) out of Giuuoh, by Yelvcrton (imp.) out v , li'oHsom, by Tho Swede, &o.; Ho was bred by Mr. 0. Baldwin in 1879. ;. IP10 bookmakers who woro injured in tho late JJmvay uccident aro progressing favourab'y. T. O'Brien, O Burnett, and J. Pat tin •on daily intermingle with tho sporting throng u nothing )md occurred, and Mr. Josopli . «&rper; has been scon mMelbournoafowtimos, uo* sufficiently recovered to uuder the Tusnmniun trip as intended. Messrs. cobson and Snider are now ublo to got about, L yef4rB' Joseph Thompson, J. Cohon, and %r'~ mckor are also progressing favouraldv. ®urD'ird anu A, Suaui will be euffi ^ v 'eoovcred to leavo Goulburu in u fow Talking about bookmakers letliinds me that ono of our local sportsmen has finished his race. James Anderson was a name well known and respected in turf circles in Brisbane, and his conduct as a bookmaker has always been above reproach. Mr. Anderson had only been ill about a week (typhoid fever, I believe) boforo bis death, and a short time back he ap peared to bo in the best of health. Anderson was a genial good hearted man, and always ready with assistance in meritorious cases. His funeral took place on Sunday, and was largely attended by the fraternity with whom ho was a general favourite. Mr. Anderson was a member of Tnttersall's, and his face was a familiur one at Eagle Farm and other local meetings. " Augur" writes:—" While out Fleming ton way early in the week X called into the Itace course Hotel to see how Hales was progressing, and was glad to hear that he was going on well. I saw the champion (Le Grand) exercising on the outer track, but - though he is a great, grand horie, X was not quite so much pleased with him as 'some : of tho Flemingtou people Seemed to be. ■ Still, I remember that when he wonjhis races ho did not present the muscular appearance of some of his opponents, and ho may bo a deceiving horse in tins respect " The four-year-old stallion Mnlvern (Mari byrnong-Guelder Xtose), full brother to Bargo, has .recently been purchased, by *Mr; -E. A. Smith, of Brisbane. Malvern has been run ning for some time pnst in tho namo of Mr. John Nolan, of Townsville, but the animal's success on the turf has never been anything like what would be expected from the brother of each a colt as Bargo. 3t may bo hoped that Malvern will give a better account of himself in the hands of his new owner. The thoroughbred marcs, which Mr. 17. A. Xiong imported from England, per the steamer Australasia, were on vietv at Garling'sBazaar, CasUereagh street, Sydney, during the early • part of Inst week, but on Saturday were doe patched by train to Mr. Andrew Town's at- ' farm at Hobartville, near Richmond. Them- act wore—The. Witch, 4 yrs.. by Blair Atho) -lres Cauldron, served by Chilpcrio; Pegr . r?n Chevron, from Peg Fyfe; Apethorpe, ? jie' Tibthorp, from Sasb, likewise stinted K^rrn,a peric; and Termra, 4 yrs., by the F Breakwater. Judging from th' the mares before named, a wise J been made by the gentlema* chased them, and doubtless , ... , h reason to regret the selcctio The Tow,, ami Count i he has made. Already is there trouble' e !.• t ♦««««> brewing in the matter H f f>lT .oaial eight to represent i ,ny .orthcoming race, which is totakepla^ on 2- jth A n» ^ ■ Anmversa^ Reg jdtta th£ Non. South Wtt]cs f don'deputed Mr. Oakley to set to work vntkt ae view & 5decfej crc;._ Mr SRC^'t1 " Hc*cc^0n Wlus -^-r- Caclen, uf tin) ?f'V" , uese two gentlemen then invited Mr. ■ .I. C i tho M.R.C., to join and assist them in tne er J[ection of a representative eight. In 0 £ picking eight men the selection cora n^1 ee forwarded to the association the names °; twelve gentlemen, leaving the actual choice P c tho eight to tlie association. The matter has since been referred back to tho selection committee; but so far nothing more has.been done in the matter. .The disputo between tho Hon. W. Pearson and the T.It.C. with respect to the amount to be paid for Commotion's walkover in theBagot Plate still remains unsettled. I don't see why there should bo any doubt about what is the stake. Let mo ask the committee one ques tion. Was it not decided by them that the forfeits in each race should be 1 per. cent, of the stake ? If so. what is £3 5s.. 1 per cent, of ? Why, £325, the stake of the Bag*/ Plate. ' For some time Mr. William Gooe^a performed tho duties of starter for the without fee or reward. Upon, a oours# that ;8 not nt all in favour of the starter, " has per formed those duties in a most sat jsfaotory manner, and I am glad to hear lb at: he has been presented with a liandsomo teef inmnial by the Australian Jockey Club. It cc nsi^ts of a liandsomo silver cup,' riehly oha- and a sterling'silver salver, the inscripti-. ''Austra lian Jpphcy Club to William Gr >nnon, 1884," being upon each. This was aw .'iy pretty 5>ew Vear> gift,; iliid Yiotorinns t .jj,, ^ow Mr. Gannon will, I am sure, join1 m0 jn wishing himmnnv happy returns of tl lG ^;lv From Sydney I leam thr .t the" jochev, W. Huxloy, who was injured. ^ -severely a few months ago, is now able to. _ot nbont again. It will no doubt surprii ^ Bumlabcrg towns men to hear that 3Ir. J." ^>ni;u"t is going to run Velocipede in the STowm <arkot Handicap iWe toria) which comes off t jhdrtlv. i,0 is said br some sporting, eontribi ltoTS ta u,8 Press to bo favourably looked ujy\ >n .Two thousand to' 'so'was taken about. The Ghost for the >«wir lBrkct Handicap, and 1.000 to 35 is wanted ,\y ,ut Surry. One hnndred to S is tho pr.co on t t,G field. . n- ithrrcspondlr 'at of tho Eny/i.tA Jfd-Aimtc says, in referent 3 t0 n question "being discussed tn that journal;: —J pee there is some difference of opinion ubou t the relative capabilities of the bioyclo (with: J good rider) and the horse, so if it is d corneal r ;ortli while, it mav ho advisable to exposci tfl c bearings of tho'matter. Tlio j fastest hawst' ■ may, for tho purpose of this j argument,, '■De taken as tlio winner of tho Derby, arui I10t to go into frnetious. it may be taken tlssJl' th0'milo and a-lmlf at Epsom lias been rum ?• o mins. 13 seen. Against this' we will pah ' Cortis's record of a milo on a racing path in« J mins.-12 sees.—less then two-fiftlis of a hocvw1 lionco the fastest liorse is about half' j u, fast again as tho bicycle for that: dislaneo. Dioplmntca and Galopin are,. caoh credited ivith running tlio Book- v; mile in 1 min. In sees., and that. is 17 yards over tho mile. I think that puts .what is vulgarly called a »]U®' .cher on tlio notion that the fastest bicyclist, can ■' i^t the fastest horse at short distances : hut the ease is quite altered wlion we increase the distanoe. Whereabouts such a liorse us Isc • nomy or St. Simon'would begin to eomo ha e;c t0 the bicyclist I havo no data to show: b' it I should tliink that at tho end of six miles ^ re bioycliat would begin to foci quite easy, and at the end of 20 milec trould be ahead. ofnt find in t.lin •rXPPS° i"4051 horeea 03 0116 Wight find m the Belhus stud could do 40 miles V.th an occasional easyf on say, three days a ™'k but I am quito sure that no hunting man i jhd so'8 •r,nm™t w,ouU expect it to do more Now 40 miles m a day is child's play to ev en a second rate bicyclist; hence the?notiontlSa horto would have the best of it in long'dis tances is Bet ake,- ° rho running- mateh for £50 'a ride for 150 aBd Mr. Xihrs' b'lackboy came off as arranged in. Landsborour .h street Normanton, and resulted in an cas.f rriTfor hb*w' y Sf JvMd?: timelSj ics. The ™ "f ? e^ by master to clear o feel 10 inches in a running high jump, br', the stake was forfeited, for the reasoi r :* understood that running matches t? "5.13 amounts aro on the tapis„ ,r ^8 