OLIVER'S BRIBE." A NOVEL. - Br Mrs. Oliphant. Chapter HL Trix was not so quickly satisfied as Grace had been. 'Going away, she cried, 'going to leave Grace ! I thought yoa ooaid not bear to have her oot of yoar eight.' ' I hone I was not each an ase as to say so ; bat I cannot help myself —it is an old friend > Who is he'; do I know him ?' she said, as Grace had said. Yon men are so ridiculous about your friends. Probably somebody that did yoa nothiog bat harm, and whom yoa woald be tbankfal never to beer of again.' 'Yon speak like an oracle, Trix; but I mast go all the same.' ' And why don't yon say who he is ? Ah, it was a great deal better for yon, Oliver, when yon had no friends that your sister didn't know of. Tell me who he is, at least ; tall me his name.' ' Yoa woald not be & bit the wiser. Yoa know nothing whatever about him. Trix, take great care of her while I am away.' Oh, as for taking care of her 1 ' He went oot of the room while she was speaking to pat his necessaries into his bag. A telegram had been pus into his hand as he entered the honsa, which had made his face, if possible, still more grave. And as he left her with that troubled countenance, his sister's mind was fall of commotion and anxiety. She ran over every name she could think of, of people wham she had heard him speak, wondering whose argent claim this coold be. She, too, felt the influence of that sadden cloud which blotted oat the sky and brooght the quick deluge of the spring shower pouring about the ears of the way farers. The darkness assisted her womanish imagination, as it had done that of Grace. It was like a sadden misfortune falling when no one thought of it. And Mrs. Ford's mind was greatly exercised. When OUver came into the room again ready to etart, she got np quiokly and went to him, seizing with her two hands the lappels of his coat, 'Oliver,' she cried, breathlessly, 1 1 hope to goodness it is a him, and not — . Yon couldn't, yon wouldn't — it isn't possible 1' ' Suspicion seems always possible,' he said, harshly, patting her away from him. Was it the natural indignation of one nnjnstly blamed? 'If that is all you think of me, what will it matter what I say ?' 4 Ob,' oried Trix. who was very impulsive. ' I beg yoar pardon, NulL It was only that I — it «ai because I am so anxions, oh, so anxious, that everything should go well. You won't be long— not any longer than you oan help ?' 'Not a moment,' hs said. 'If I can return to-morrow, I will. I hope so with all my heart. Going at all iB no pleasure. Take care of her while I am away.' It seemed to Trix that he was gone before she had convinced herself that he was going. It wae«very sadden. He had not intended to go at all till after his marriage. He had said bo only this morning, and why this change all in an hoar. A friend 1 It mast be a very intimate friend, she con cluded, or he wonld not have thrown np all his plans to go and visit him. To be snre, when a man ie dying he is not likely to wait the convenience of another who is aboat to be married. She told her husband when he came home in the evening, and he, a good man who was not wont to trouble himself by searching oat hidden meanings, rece< ved the news with great placidity. ' Is it anyone we know ?' was his first question. ' I hope it may be the sort of friend who will leave him something— a legacy couldn't come at a better moment.' This was a wonderful sedative to her alarms, and turned her thoughts into quite a different channel. It ; would be indeed a most suitable moment to have a legacy left him. E/ory time ie suitable for that ; bat when a man is aboat to be married, nothing could be more appropriate. Mrs. Ford went across in the evening after dinner to see Grace. They lived quite near each other, and the Fords for that evening had no engagement. Sne foand her furore sister- in-law sitting over a little bright fire, reading a novel, with papers beside her on the table, lists from ths furniture shops, and some made out in her own handwriting of things that would be required in the new house. Miss Goodhart received Mrs. Ford very cordially. It feels so odd to be quite alone agaiu,' she said, with a little laugh, which was slightly nervous, ' and when ons didn't expect it. So I was glad to find a new book. Poor Oliver, he will not have a pleasant j larney . I hops he will find his friend better. Is he a friend of yonrs too?' ' He was in each a hurry he had not time to tell me, nor I to ask him,' said Trix, which was not, as the reader knows, quite true. There was a little pause after this, as if they each would have liked to ask questions of the other ; and then, no questions being possible, as neither knew, they plunged, into furniture, which is a very enthralling subject. Trix, having experience, was able to give many hints, and to suggest a num -er of things Grace had left oat — kitchen things, for instanc?. How can anyone know aboat pots and pan1, and how many are necessary, withoat practical knowledge supplied by recent experience ? They both snbdned a little d-dl pain they nad about the region of their hearts by a good long talk on this sabject, and parted quite cheerfully when Mr. Ford — who never had any pains in that region except those w&ich; are produced by a digestion out of order — came to fetch his wife. 4 Oliver will take the opportunity to do several things on his own hook, now that he has managed to tear himself away,' that gent em an said. 4 The great difficulty was to tear himself away. And I only hope his friend will leave him something.' This, thongh it was so prosaic, gave a real comfort to the two women. It brought his mission quite down from the mystery that hung about it to the range of oommunplaoe affair:. It was mot till Went worth was fairly gone from the station, that np by himself in compartment of a first-class carriage a® unapproachable by any spectator, that he took oat fro ti hit pocket and read over again the letter and telegram which had scot him away thns hurriedly oat of the happiness or hie new life. The letter was on blue paper, not withoat a suspicion of greasiness, ana very badly written in a hand which oig have been that of a shopman or a schoolboy. Bat it was signed by a female name, and thu : is what it Raid : — 1 Dear Mr. Wentworth, — 1 Alice came home in bad health three months sgo. She's been very bad ever sinoe, i and there is now no hopes at her. Il a con- ! snmption and heart complaint, and what the doctor calls a complication. For the last fortnight Bhe's been weaker and weaker every day, and yesterday was took much worse, and hasn't but a day or two to live. She eaya as she can't die happy without seeing yoa. She calls for yon all the time she s waking both night and day. Oh, Mr. Went worth, you always was a kind gentleman, not like some. I know as yoa woald have ' nothing to say to her if she was well, bat being as she's very ill and near her death, I do hope as you'll listen to me. Yon was the first as ebe ever took a fancy to, she says. But if you corns, oh come at oncet, for there ia not a moment to be lost. 'Yours trnly, ' Matilda.' He unfolded the telegram afterwards and read th&t; — 4 If yoa want to find her in life come at once.' Wentworth remarked with a kind of horrible calm, and even a smile, that the telegraph people bad corrected the spelling. This was the summons for which be had left Grace. He had read both more than once. Now that he nad obeyed the call, he, sekiog himself was it indeed eo necessary — ought he to have done Jt ? There bad been something in the force of the contrast, some thing in the happiness which was so mach more than he deserved, in the parity and nobleness of the woman who had given him her hand, and who was making her spotless atmosphere his, that stung him with that intolerable, remorseful pity the impulse of which is not to be resisted. Standing by the side of his bride and oa the edge of a life altogether above his deserts, he had felt that he conld not resist this appeal to him. To refnse to speak a word of comfort to a dying creature — he to whom God had been bo good — how was it possible? Comfort ! What comfort conld he give? He might bid her repent, as he had repented ; bat his repentance had been paid — it had been richly recompensed. It was setting open to him he door of every happiness, whereas to this sharer ct his iniquities it was to be followed only fay suffering and death. Went worth had never been callouB or hard-hearted at his worst, and now at his best compassion and remorse overwhelmed him. That he ahonld receive that informs- ; tion, (hat appeal, with Grace's hand in his gave his whole natnre a shock. He felt that be mast take himself away oat cf her presenoe, and carry the recollections, the ! scenes that rushed back upon his mind, the ! image thuB thrust before bis eyes, away from ; her at least, even if he did not anewsr the i appeal. He was not of the iron fibre of some , men. He conld not carry these t wo images side by side. And then how did he dare resist sach an appeal. 4 Yon were the first.' He bad said j to himself that he was responsible for the I ruin of no other human creature. He was i not a seduoer. He bad used no wile to draw \ anyone from the paths of virtue. Is that a defence when life ani death are in the j biiance and a man is arraigned before the j tribanal of his own ooncoiencs ? When he I went back into the recesses of Ms memory j and beheld all that was there brooght before I him, as by a flash of lightning, and then j remembered the position in which he now j stood, he covered his face with his hands. I Hs was ashamed to the bottom of his sonl. Tue way of transgressors is hard. To anyone who bad known all the facts it wjnld have appeared that Oliver Went worth was the most striking example of and served happi ness. Hs had no right to ail ths good things that had fallen into his Up, He had | deserved a very different return for ail that . he had done ; yet, when he set out upon that 1 j railway joarney with the touch of Grace's j hand still warm in his, the shms and misery ! I in his miad were a not unfit representation j I of thoee tortures which to most men are more ; real than ths fire and brimstone of the bottomless pit. tfow was the recollection of what was past ever to be washed out of his memory ? He might repent — he had re pented and never bo bitterly as now — but J how was he to get rid of the -coolie -tion ? In the great proclamation of mercy it ia declared that God forgets as well as forgives : Their s'.ns and iniquities will I remember no more.' But the sinner, how is he to forget, even when he believes that he is forgiven ? Yet, what he was doing was not shamefal n i sinful. It was mercy that carried him away from all he loved to give what consola tion he could to a dying creature whom he had never loved, who had been bnt the com panion of his amusements for a ra-ment of aberration — a period which he looked back npon with astonishment and disgust, How coali he have forgotten himself so far ? How conld he have fallen into each depths? His mind was so revolted by the recollection, saoh a horror and loathing filled him at the thought, that it was impossible to suppose that any softer sentiment lay concealed b neath. Had he been a less tender hearted I man he would probably have thrown the | let' er into the fire and perhaps seat a little monry as the common valve for all sufferings ; bat his very happiness and elevation above those wretched recollections took from him the power to dismiss suan an appeal in this way. And was it not a certain atonement at least an offering of paiaful service, each as the heart of man believes in, whatever may be its creed, to do this ? The moasy he c?ald have seat would have cost htm nothiog ; this cost biaa what was incalcul able, a price almost beyond bearing. His agitation calmed a little as he pursued these thoughts. He conld do her no good, , poor creature ; bat if it p eased her, if it eased a little the lant steps towards the grave ? He arrived in London late on a wot and cold spring night. In town there was little fiable ol the eoireriog <S"«» s sadden chill in spring almost more able than winter, but the eireets were wet and gleaming with sqoalii reflections, and the crowds, even in the busiesfcthqrougQfarei. « were thinned and subdued. Went worth too j a cab and drove through a P at tofljonacKQ ; with which he was not familiar, through hoe i open line of poor little B&txt;, «£» exactly like its neighbours, lighted with few lamps, with a faint occasional shop window, few and far between, and with only al | "»ng intervals a dark figure under an umbrella ; going np or down. The endless extent o this network of streets all poor, mean, dark, I yet deoens the homes of myriads unknown. \- gave him a sense of weariness that ! manv miles of country would not have pro- i daced. At last the cab stopped before one of : the narrow doors, flanked with the lutle iron i railing, the usual parlour window over- i looking a narrow little area. In the room ? above a light was burning, and all the rest | of the house dark. In the parionr window | was a eqaare printed advertisement of soma i trade ju t visible by tbe lamplight, and a ! painted board cf the same description was attached to the railings. The door was opened by a young woman with a candle in her hand, which nearly blew oot with the entry of the blast of night ait. and flickered in her face so that it was difficult to make | out bet features. She gave a little cry, 'Oh, i it's Mr. Wentworth V and btdo him come in. To describe the sensations with which I Wentworth realised his position, known and '< expected ia this house, goiag np the narrow stair which was all that separated him frem the sick room, from the dying woman, i between whom and himself he was thus : acknowledging a connection, is more than I i can attempt There was no secret here — a > man in the slipshod dress of a worker at i home looked out from tae little back room i and asked ' His he come?' as he passed. On ! the top of the stairs an elder woman, with ; the dreadful b:ack cap of the elderly decent j Eagiish matrcn of the lower classes, came ; out to meet him, and put out her hand in ! welcome. How do you. do, Mr. Went- worth ? She's that excited that there's no ; keeping her stiil, and I'm so glad you've f come.' I In the face of all this his heart sank more and more- He felt himveif no longer on a r mission of mercy, but going to meet his fate. | ' i Chapter IV. | The room was small and dingy ; opposite \ to the door an old-fa»hioned tent bed hong i with curtains of a huge- patterned chintz, I immense flowers on a black groand, a candle ! standing on a small table by tbe bedside, i another fain ly blinking from the mantel- i piece, the darkness of everything arennd | bringing into faiier relief the whiteness of the bed, tbe pillows heaped np to support a ; rest! ea head, a worn and ghistly face, with . large, gleaming eyes, which seemed to have : an independent, restless life cf their own. ; Trie fac-i had been pretty when Wentworth j had known it first, it was scarcely recog- | nisable now. Toe cheek bones had become prominent, the .lower part of the face worn i away almost to nothing, the eyes enlarged in their hollow oaves. She looked aB she had been said to be — dying, except that the light j in her eyes spoke of a secret force which might be fever, or might be beoaa&e; they were the last citadel of life. But thongh ebe looked at the last extremity of existence, a few efforts had been made to ornament and | adorn the dying creature, efforts which added I unspeakably, horribly, to the ghastly look or | her face. The collar of her night-dress bad i been folded over a pink ribbon, leaving bare j an emaciated throat, round waioh was a little j gold onain, suspending a locket ; and her hair, Btill plentiful and pretty, the one human I decoration which doss not fade, was carefully i dressed, though somewhat disordered by the continual motion of her restlessness. It was all horrible to Wentworth, death masquerad ing in tbe poor, listie vamsiea which were so unspeakably mean and small in comparison | with that majesty ; and all to please him. God help the forlorn creatare, to make her look as when he had praised her prettiness, she from whom every pr&uiness;, every possi bility of pleasing had gone. bhe held oat her two hands, which were worn to skin and bone, 4 Oh Oliver, my Oliver I oh I knew he wonld come. Oh, didu t I say he wonll come ?' she cried. Went worth could not but iake the bony fiugerB into his own. He saw it was expected that he should kiss her, but that was impos ; sible. He sat down in the chair which had b3en placed for him by the be3side. 4 1 am very sorry to see yoa so ill, my poor girl.' 'Ills not the word, Mr. Wentworth; she's dying. She hasn't above an hoar or two in this world,' said the mother, or the woman who took a mother's place. a of horrified reproach, with the nsnal human sease that it ia. cruel to announce this fact too clearly. 4 1 hope it is not so bad as that.' ' 0hv,er 5 oa» <ear Oliver, yes. vea' said ths sick woman. 4 This is— my "last night— on earth.' She spoke with difficulty, paaaing and panting between the words, her thin lips distended with a smile, the smile (he could not help remembering) that bad always been a little artificial, poor girl, at her best. But even at that awful moment Bhe was endeavouring to charm him still (he felt with horror) by the meaoa which she sup posed to have oharmed hi n in the past. Tell him, mother, tell him. I havan'tgot —the strength.' She put oat her hands for his hand, whioh he could aot refase, tboavh her touch made him quiver, and hy looking at him, smiling with iht awful attempt at fascination. He covered hK eyes with hie disengaged hand, half because of tne horror in his sonl, half that he might not see her laoe. , ' Mr« Wentworth,' said the elder woman, my poor child, sir, ahe'a got one last wish the bony hands oloeed upon his with a feeble, yet anxious pressure as this wis said Yes What is it.? If it is anything I can da for her, tell me. I wid do anything that said >r0Ur8 h moment's pleasure, ' he . "Oris «»? ! bal hs meant them lolly -out ol puy fif.6, and also ont of a burning desire, at any cost, to get awav thf h.Vhl' ' Ha"0a"1 """ Willingly giTOn the hall ot what he poaeeeeed onlv to 8«» away (torn thie plaoe-to mam to tha ' life he had icU, lo ttsar tou woman s aame at 9 mora. I Onoe more the wasted hands pressed hie, 1 sod ebe gar little cry. 4 1 knowed it— I always — -mother. I told yoa.' 1 Hash, bash, dear. Djn't yoa wear I yourself out. You'll want all your strength. 1 Mr. Wentworth, I didn't expect no less from 1 a gentleman like yoo. If she hasn't been all 1 shs might have been, poor dear, thongh I don't | want to blame yon, sir. you're not the one M I wonld say a word, for it was all oat of love for I yoa.' . I Wentworth had it not in him to be cruel, I bnt oe drew his hand almost forcibly from f be ween the girl's feverish bauds. 4 VTfaat ii '? tbe nse of entering Into each a qoestiou ?' he 1 said. ' I do not blame her. L?t the pant | alone. What oan I do for her now ?" ; He bd risen op. determined to make hie ! escape at all htzards ; but the little cry the gsTci had so mach psio in it that his heart was touched. He sat down again, and patted softly the poor hand that lay on ths coverlet. ' My poor girl, I don't want to hurt yon.' he said. i » Yoa mustn't be harsh to her,' laid the j mother. How woald yoa like to think thai | poor thing had goae miserable out o! thij world to complain of yon, sir, before tb« Throne ? Not as she'd have the heart to do it, for she thinks there is no one likv you, what- ever yon may say to her. Mr. Wentworth, there's jnst one thing yon can do for bar. Make an honest woman of her, sir, before ehv diee.' 1 What ?' said Wentworth, springing once more to nil feet. He bat dimly, vagaely understood what she meant, yet felt for a moment as i he had fallen into an atnbash, as if he had been trapped in a den of thieve. He thought he saw a man's head appearing at the door, and heard whisperings and foot steps on tbe stairs. This It wae that pro duced tbe uiomeotary fary of bis cr, ; but then he regained control of himself, and looking round saw no one bat the dying girl on the bed, and the elderly woman standing in front o- him, looking at him whn depre cating yet earnest eyes. It's a great deal, said he woman, 4 and yet it's nothing. It's what will Dever harm yoa one way or another, what nobody will know, nor be able- to cast in yonr teeth- that won't cost yon anything (except it maybe a bit of a fee) ; and yet it's everything to her. It wonld make all the difference between going out of this woria honest and going in her shame — which it was yon that brooght her to it.' ' That's a lie,' said Oliver. Wa« it to be supposed be coald think of civility a; Buch a mument. A desperate tremor seized hold npon him. He got np and tarned, h .lf blinded with horror and excitement, tow&rai; the door. 1 1 am here,' he eaid, because— becaase ' Ah, because — why? What conld he vay? He had meant to be kind — to make up to her, anyhow, he conld not tell how, for the fact that he was happy and she dying. He eto>d arrested with those words upon hi I pi, which he could not say, half turned from hex, facing the door, as if he woald have broken away. And then there came a low, despairing try from the bed, the cry as of a lost oreature, Oh, Oliver, Oliver ! you loved me once. Ob, don't go and leave me. You loved me, and I loved yoa.' He woald have cried oot that it was false ; bac the breathless voice, broken by panting that sounded like the last straggle, the voiw of the woman who was dying, while he was fall of life end force, silenced him in spite of himself. The mother had flown to ner to raise her head, to give her something fron a glass on the table, and he, too, turned again awe-stricken, thinking the last moment had come. 4 Ani yon can etand and see her like this,' said tha woman by the bedside in a low tone. 4 You, that are well and strong and have toe world bsfore yoa, and let her go out of it at five and-twenty — a girl as yon made an idol of onca, a girl ai you have helped to bring to this ; aud woo's liit a finger to satisfy her before ebe dies, to give her wnst 4 she w\n\s, and what il mika aer nappy for tbe last hoar before she dies.' The girl traly was past speech. She lay back agaiost her mother's breast, her osrn worn and emaciated shoulder beaviog wi.h convulsive struggles for the departing breath. She could not speak, but those eyes which were so living white she was dying, turned to him with a look of such appeal, such entreaty that he could not bear tbe sight. They were large with fever and weakness, liqaid and clear and dilated, as the eyes of tha dying often are, like two stare glowing oot in sodden light from the p« e night of her faoe. He oonld not endure ths dumb en treaty in them. He oried out, 4 What do you want me to do ?' with despair iu his voice, and a sense that whatever they asked of him hs oonld no. now refuse, br justice, said the mother, Oh, Mr. Weusworta ! to make up to her for all she e suffered. To make her au honeit woman before she dies.' The girl s dying lips moved, bnt no sound Wl? bea » eba Jill kept that terrible smile, and her eyes held him with this prayer too intense for worda. Oliver turned away bis head not to sea them, then tarned back again as if ia them there was some spell. A passionate impatience pricked his heart ; for Di? »trae' Jbef had not been to each ewd. Love! love was too grand a word to be mentioned hare at all. Ii had bean utter folly or worse, it had not k 5 J bern alight for sock 3 JIh J £ 8he T®8 no «lu?ht Ana a Jr no 80 i too mean or p>oc ; SKft%greau-8 i0VS i8 « OP1" h« hl8 to her eo that vow4 4 Whatever yoo went " n?t the— the time. There to nht8 if to-night— and after waved him Khe f no the words—he l«bwfl toward the bed. She was djiog new — now— before th«i» epe. w.ra ma,W1, arid the mother nieht v 4 Sne won t ladt out the what 'nnklrL J 8ba WOi't4 ba thit'e what nobody k mwa except her Mater. K etedoii t, yon can't do nothing, sod nobody bore Wall say a word. Bat ifeXl GJ bet yar word, Mr, Wentworth, u yoall htemi her tomorrowif ette ltvcTand iteU ait ha iSter oomca to anytlililfor wither itdon't—Mr. Wentwortb, tfr, do for tfie love of God.' The girl reoovered a little, g«ping breath 1'il die happy. I'll die happy, whether it comes to anything—' Even bis little rally snowed more ai d more the nearness 0f the e '.d. Ho had shrunk at' the word 4 marry' as if it hid been a Mow aimed as him, but hfe eoutd not escape from the trivia persistence cf those eyes. And overwhelmed as he was a Iluie hope siured in bin. He said to himself, 4 She can never live till to-morrow J Why should he resist if words would make her happy ? for she Was surely dying, and she never ooull take him at his word. If that is ail, t will promise,' he said The light is her eyes seemed to give a leap of joy atid triumph, then closed, with flicker ing eyt-li :s, he thought for ever. He cried oat involuira i!y, r.-ui made a step nearr.r to th9 be 5. Wit a her eyes were closed she coked tike . ne who h-I been dead a day, nothing but a f-tini convulsive heave of the shoulders. showing that taera was life in her still. The mother buticd lurselt about the h att une luscious creature, putting the cordial within her lips, supp-> -ting the pillo.vs against her own breast. 4 You will have an easy bargain,' she said, as Bhe went on with these Cites, ' but anyhow we'll blesa you for what you say. Matilda, give me the drops the doofcor left for her when she felt faint. 8he'B very lowrsow, poor dear. Mr. Wentworth's behaving like a gentleman, as you always said he would. He has promised to marry her to-morrow morning, if she lives. She'll not live, but she's satisfied, poor dear!' Matilda had come so softly into the room 4>1%A fll%A DIaVIO.4 AM J. L. _ _ i lav cut? 11IUJ Ob 11 HUB Uttll ueoa a ghost-, I knew as how he would do it when he saw how bad she was ; but, Lord, what do it matter to the poor thing now ?' This was his own opinion. In a few minutes there was a bustls downstairs, which Mstiida pronounced to be the doctor coming, and Went worth went down to wait until ho had paid his visit. The little parlour bslow bad one candle burning in it, for the benefit of those who went and came. The young '.i>qd was left there for a few minutes alone. To describe the condition in which he was is impossible. His heart was beating with a dull noise against his breast. All that had been so bright to him a little whie before had become black as night. He could not funk ; only contemplate what was before him dumbly, with horror, and disgust, and fper. He had given a pledge, but it was r rsl?dge that never would call for fulfilment- wJno, no, it never cou'd ba fulfilled — it would belike a nightmare, a dreadful dream, from which he would awake by -and bye and find the sun shining and all well. After a while he heard the floater's heavy foot clamping down the wooden staircase- He was angry with the man for having so little delicacy, for making so much noise when his patient was dying. Presently ba came in to giva his bulletin to the gentleman, whom We Perceived at once to be somehow very deeply concerned. 4 Last the night ? No, I don't think she'll last the night ; but you never can tell exactly with such nervous subjects. She might put on a spurt and come round again for a little while.' t fflL am 9 mj.« Jl ' IW — J ... n ullr. vwvsAIa m MM«anA ALiexx, eatu vvcuipwujtiu, witu a eoaoo that he was acquiring information clandes tinely, ' there is no hope of any permanent recovery ?" The doetor laughed him to scorn. If he had not been a parish doctor, accustomed to very poor patients and their ways, he would not have allowed himself to laugh in such circumstances. 4 When she has not above half a lung, and her heart is— but you don't understand these matters, perhaps. She may make a rally for a few hours, but I doubt if she will see out the night.' After this Wentworth went home to " the ciosed-up chambers, where nobody expected him and to wbioh he git admittance under difficulty. He had to walk miles, he thought, through thofc dreadful streets, all like each <of.her, all r-lei i with the wtt, before be oouid oven fin r u >b. There was no strength left in him. II j wnt on and on m chanically, <tril might, he thought, have been wandering ail night, but that the eight of a vacant cab, which he knew he wanted brought him back to a dull sense of the necessity of shelter. The cold rooms, so vacant and unprepared, which were just shelter and no more, were tcarcely an improvement upon the mechanical march and movement, which deadened hia mind and made him lees sensible of bis terrible position. It had been arranged that if she were still alive in the morning a raeaeeosrer was to be sent to him. and that then he was to take the necessary steps to redeem hia pledge. But he said to himself that it was impossible — that she could not live till morning. It was a horrible moment for a man to go through — a man whose life had blossomed into soah gladness and prosperity. Bat still, if he could bat be sure that nothing worse was to come of it — »nd what oouia come ot it wnen i-ne aoc.ur himself was all bat certain that she could not see out the night ? ;to be continued. ) 