;ry: A.TBRIP TO IFERNSLIAW. T: in theoe days of infallible remedies it is a, wonder. that men ever fall-.ill or'diel:p'fi there is no occasion for such a catastrophe if we are to:believe advertisements, or put faith in..the.. d over~eas of .scieptific-mere . So.me time a.?go a German savint demori strated that one couiA live, 1for I xi ard ;ipt think wI ' long, it;1hewould only, tieintne'co by feotipg a lemo.:oin the maoringr before lbreakfaett and go on increasing the Dnmbi+br of his lemons with hip increasing yoars, byt ai:eal~ilationb i provel 'that vesry nbon ohe wouli?-haveifb .tit~oh f .brde, hundreds of the refreolingl h hoingisotnewhat agid fruit, each day, .tW'omply wit;h..the cop ditidias iiecsety .to long o ytly,. i?'ibecame 6tiddnni thhatilife waisnqt, arth havingothe time d.of ,which would: be ·plmgst entirely employed ind:eating lemones .Oiie' iomld think. with 0so may. ar-ti cial meansa of seeuring h~jalthli out ofba bottle or pill-bor, it ivqold neveir be ole etnryito take naturp'8 oldfashiioned methrid-l~ haigge of 'seqn ad: climate. But Iconfes to being st?it-i enoigh to place the lattr rpedans of ,a ciuring heath aiid happies tCIoo fair ahead of any other;. an? my recnt: tirip io leallesville, ?ernshaw,. ,ad Corraudorrk with certain.membrs" of "the IP.T.C. .OCub, has' considerably, strengthenqd me in e my opinion. . Upon a recent smiling imorn a cabfal'of light-hearted creatures might have been seen wending itsT itortuous 'course. from Chapel-Btreot, "Windsar, I towards -lel bourne.: That cab| .contained some of the brightest 'intellect of r'hrahri;:;, but' io' more of that.why paint '1he lily ?.. a'. lfic it to syn that it coptained several niembers of the.P. T. 0. Olqb on their way to meet other members of the .P T. C.. at the Gippsland station, there to book and insure their valuiable liveis for Tily dalei..: S'twocoaches mt the party at ,iydalie station, and drove .ues to Mr4 Artie' Hoteli whlere bireakfast was waiting, after which we again seated.qurselves in the.coaches bound for 'Healeaville for dinner Arriving there in due time, and havingipartaken of an excellent repast, we drove tq Fernshaw by i winding road; surrounded by sceneryqof great beauty andi gran leu. .We drove round by MountslRiddle .and Juliet--tliese are on our right, and grapud they 'look, towering above'le ins their uniform. of 'arying green.. Vn otr ieft we look down upon fern gullyi after fern gully, and I may gay, with PunJ?h critic, that I never: saw anything moote beautiful in" Nataw ;" the tall, straight fern trees, topped by their outp'reading and gracefully srrayed fronds, grouped together like ,wiarior chiefs in council, and I half expected to see appear upon the scene the bronze4 forms of the dusky warriors of old, so impressed was I. by what I gazed uponv" ' cannot thiiik what brought it into my miud, but, while looking down.: upon :heaeis fern-covered chasms I thought about Meg MeSrilees when saying, that if ever'departed ipirims revisited thia earth, hers winld come bck to Ellangowan; and *. pictured to myself these lonesome' torrents, ,with the wind moaning dirgelike through the foliage, at the dead hour of night, peopled by the ghosts of its departed inhabitants, stalking noiselessly and broodkngly through' its glades.:" : - :. . i"'. : Arrived at Fernshaw . nd haviigg re. freshedwith a draught of. pure milk, etc., we have an hour or lwoto explore. A party of us f~ilow the yourse of the Watts river, which is here but, a Kair-sirid lnoun tain stream. .Our advaice was not effected without difficulty, the scrub being, iu, some plces, very denee. It wps necepset4ry in some places to cross anudrecross thy stream to get ahead at all. This crossing pver was usually very easily acconmpliahed.by .the aid of giant trees; which hbd fallen lscrose. the water, and made;:,ecellent natural bridges. :These are trily gonderful1 trees, so tall, so straight an4 Pymmetrica ; but even here, where natIre seems to be so lavish in her gifts, there .i4.a wart --I do not hear a single musicial opte, urnless it be from the throat of onelof my companions, who warbles about the Brriiah .Lioo. in a voice not unlike the roar of that majestic animal. Once more I perch uopop my seat; upon the coach, and drive backl to Heleevilie, where we areto put up for,the nighti We passed the evening pleasantly.together, Mr E. 1. Dixon, the president, presiding:oyer our merriment. Some; of us, eangi eume recited, and all of us talked, laughed, and ertjoyed oureelves. Early next morning a. fetr energctic onee Went aflshing; they god plenty of bitee from the mosquitoe-and X saw two fikh, each one of which would probably. turn the scale at 10 graine. As we were to be iti Corranderrk' by 10 a.m. to meet the blacks, we made a start from Healeaville'immediately after a hearty breakfast. Ihat we played the blacks, anri that we beat the blacks, behold are not the facts already chronicled in this journal. But it is not chronicled thit the best.bats. man (black) received a prresent of a bat, and that the. best bowler ,also black) re. ceived a balli nor is it; chronicled that a ponderous gold watch, hewn out of a door. knob, with massive chaip of correaparding alue, was presented to hinm who had most distinguished himself in every way, but especially in fielding.' MrDixon, in making the presentation (which IJ may mention was the gift of Oapt. IWalker) spoke· iri feeling terms of the immenoe services ren dered to the team by the recipient; in fact he brought tears into many an eye as he recapitulated, in a voice husky withi emo tion, how this gentleman, in spite pt his acute suffering from a. sprained tnkle, caught a boal which he could not possibly drop, and so sent one of pur most dangerous opponents to the right about.. After a little more speaking we igave three cheers for Mr Goodall, the manager, and the Cor. randerrk cricktters gave three cheers for us. Then our 'Captain Walker made a neat little speech, e :ding with the original remark, " With these few remarks," &q;, &c.;, and we mounted our coaches and drove back to Lilydale to teap. I noticedl that some of the younger J. us ate but little I the fact is that the pre'ence of the ;thre young ladies-cousiun, I understand..who waited upon us soemi'd to bring Itheir heart into their mouth, and leave no room for any other " vittles." " The Three Graces," I heard one young man, who parts hwabwrmiPthe mpiddia *ad, wwanM I .1188 glass, call these damsels. To him at least one of them must have been grace befire Smeatyforb'iki~;ouldmoa~t·exit~fr ogling, and looking generally likea: table. rpoom; 1"i td look: b'ciipk. upo one unple~asant~ in~cide:t to masthe; reiopect , of. our .trip My adviceto any one osufferng the blues is to go for an..oating .with theiPriahru T;Ades "-5 1 