WICIKHAH i UNICIP AL COUNCIL. THE usufl fortnighltly meeting of the ahove" took place at the chmnbers, Thlrosby-street, lastWednesday evening. There' were pre sent: -The Mayoi, Aldermen Lindtis, Shed den, Edwards, Wooderson, .Grahame, Ben nett, and 'Frewin. The previous meeting's minutes and out going dorresponderne -were read aind ap proved of. -CORRESPONDENCE.. The following iinward correspondence was dealt with : From townh clerk, Nesciastle, forwarding copy' of petition to be presentetd to the Colonial Secretary ra the post:office portico, iand nasring coicilt to obtain as many sibiia tures as.possible thereto--Receired,, anid,the Mayor's. ,action, in hivvig' signatures -.pro. cured, appsovcd of. :. .; .: .'.- .. From William Sparke, solicitor, enclositig memo. of. costs for wvoik he' had cilone since September, 188,. anounting to £5 5s.-Re ceived, and decided :that thie icdounit .vs Miiryville Co. be forwarded to coinihi~any for payment. From 1. C. Ghost and Co., Sydney, manu. facturers of fire iapparatus, c.. stating that they had establislhecd a house in Sydney for the making andi sale of inaciinery,& . ., nod respectfully solicitmig eouncil's patronage. \--Rleceived, and refeired to the FPire BlUrigade Committee. From Mir. J. C. llis, HfL.A.. asking.u coun cil toappoint ,somebody to meet Mi. Cooper, surveyor of public works, s the proposed Wickham park. IlReceived. From ThoriansrHughes,' secretary Nasirabri Walgett Railway Leagte;, stating thlat i r rangemients had beon miade for tlheleague to meet Minister for Worlseos i.Tuesddy, July 14, and askitig council to iniform; mem herbis of the Wickham League to thtit effect.--Ro ceived, and docided that, the deputatidon from council upon other m-tters.nct on council's behilfin coninection with tlhe above. matter. From Oharlis.E .iBuxton, Sydrey, ,re cohn cil's prt position to liave Unioi-steeti Tighe's Hill, extended, .and stating. that .tie land asked for by the counciln belotiged to liis sister, but he wouldl sell same as soon as his late firtlheir's 'will was proved.-Re ceived. From, W. M. Cooper, surveyor of public works, stating that lie would be unable to meet council . ra public ark. -- Received, and the matter of the necessary information required left in the hands of the Mayor and deputation to be dealt with. From town clerk, Newcastle, stating that the matter.of the want of a paved cross ing, Charlton-street, lind been referred to tlhe Improvement Committee.-Received. From C. B. Ranclaud, mimanger Ferndale Colliery, informing the council that repre sentatives of the compsiny would bs at the colliery on Thursday, July 9, at 3 o'clock, as requested by council. - Received, andl de cided that tile members of the counci.'. Im provement Committee meet at the time stated. From George Robson, asking for the coun cil's patronage at a concert to be given for the benefit of Mlrs. Irvine, of Islingtoi, Received, and the request complied wvith, the Mayor remarking that he would pay half the expense for hire of tile School 'of Arts, Wickham, providing tihe entertainmeot was held therein. From Municipal Association of New South \Vales, enclosing copies of legal opinions obtained affecting certain matters-ileceived, and laid upon the table. From John Ash and Sons, timber mcer. clanits, &ec.; asking tihe eolcil to make road the full width opposite tlheir new. premises in Albert-street.--Received, and.the request' complied wilth. From Waratah council clerk, with rc ferencato tile extension of IIHenry-streef. Received, and decided that the Mayor and Alderman Lindus. meet W'aratah Council's deputation at 12 o'clock at Mr. Gregson's oflice on the'following day. R IEIORT:', The inspector of nuisances' report was submitted and approved of. Tile latter por tion pointed out the necessity of having a by-law inserted with reference to the vehicle traffic. Alderman WOODERSON considered that any vehicle .proprietors advertising on the side of their coaches that they were going to Tighe's Hill should be compelled to do so, and not drop passengers wherever they likecd. The MAYOt also drew attention to the fact that parcel delivery van propriethrs were in.the habit of carrying passengers,:whiclh he considered was by no means fair. \Vhat they wanted was an additional clanuse in theirpresent by-laws, because at tbhe present time their inspector was altogether ignored, as he had no power whatever to dealwith them. He (the speaker) was preparing a scheme which would compel the bus pro prietors to run to Tighe's Hill, and not stop where they liked. The pconle living on the mnin roadt haid quite sufficient vehicle ac commodation, and he thought the municip ality ashould nw he attended.to. (IHear, hear). Tile Improvement, Reserve. and Finaince Committee's reports (the latter rccommend ing patyment of accounts amounting to £243 1o.s Sd.) were read and approved of. .The agreement between the Gas.Company and Council for the supply of additional gas ltnamps and gas was read, and after some discussion it Was received,' anid finally decided 'that 'the old and new aglec-: meits be. referred to the Gas Committee in view of having a'new agreement drawn out, the same to be submitted to Council's'soli citor, to whom the Gas Committee would point onut the objectionable clauses. SAlderman \\\WooDEiso remarked that a man who had applied to be 'placed upon tlhe permanent staff had taken uimbrage at'what he had said with reference to his application. The alderman requested'the Mayor to wait upon the workmen' and investigate' any grievances that may exist amongst thellm. Alterrman Fl1REmWI movcd-~-" Tht "the' implrovements recommended by the Works Committee. for Tighe's Terrace:street in ISS4, and Miitchell-street, be carried out, and plaus aad specifications prepared." He felt certain that no opposition woulddbe offered' by any alderman as regarded this matter, particularly' with regard to Mitchell-street. Some 12 months since, as they wcre aware, a numerohsly-signed petition was Sent in; signed by;'ratcpayers, ashing 'for improve-' mentsto this latter street. In wetweather the street was in a bad state,-and this with-. out a doubt should. be remedied as soon as possible. The Hill itself wasnot represented, and he was. sure that they would all agree with him when -he said' that hlie woiuld very much like to see'. a Tighe's Hill resident sittimngatthat table. ' Alderman LI.Des seconded, and remfinarklted that hie felteashamed that the woork had not beeh done bdfore, is it was not an expensiveTc one. ' '. .Alderman WooDlERsoN, sf id: ltat it was fully four years'since the work was piomised, and he considered that it should be done at once. The motion was carried. Alderman GRAIair:E (fqr Alderman Bennett), asked had 'isny. steps been taken resipectiog: thi' reticulation. of Wickham water supply.?. ' :The MhAYonreplied i enthg~ tis-e. ' Alderman Woonnasoe drew attention to thie fact:that the gaths 'at'- Ciiti- street h'and' been blocked for some time past, and sug gested that" application be made to have them' opened for the public convenience. The MAvot promised to attend to the matter. : TENDEna. SDow\nie-street.- r. Ball, £9 1ls. Gd. .Daigar-street. --LMr; Matthews, £169. Henry-street.--Mr. Ball, £104 10s, lid. The council then rose. 