fBMroB'Bmejmei&s;' know. (Spectator.). TIBET' is one explanation of Princesse marck's action with respect to the Caroline Islands which i nobody ever offers, but which deserves to be considered. May he not have committed an ordinary blunder ?' It is the custom to consider that; the great Chancellor, having; dominated Germany and expelled Austria.- and) conquered' France, is beyond the possibility of blundering; but there is one direction i in which he has repeatedly committed, errors When he understands the forces arrayed' against him, his own force is almost matchless ;, but he does not always understand them, and when they are purely spiritual' or mental) he misunder- stands them i altogether. He thought he could crush Ultramontanism.' by force, and though he brought up heavy artillery against the ghost, he failed; he thought he could stifle socialism by repression, and though he has made it a crime to beaSocialist, there are more Socialist electors than' every he thought he could put down Liberalism by unscrupulous management, and Liberalism, still refuses to pass most of his pet laws. As he did not anticipate the spiritual! anger caused by his May Laws, or the passion of' passive resistance evoked by his Socialist persecution, or the steady discontent created by his Parliamentary management, so he did not expect the outburst of national pride among the proudest nation in Europe which has followed his high-handed disregard of Spanish colonial claims. Prince Bismarck has never that we can perceive, cared heartily about the acquisition! of colonies, never attempted to obtain a-real colony in which Germans could live and never exerted himself to secure a tropical! dependency worthy of his Empire ; but he has been willing to amuse and con- ciliate his people by apparent activity in that direction. He knew that, though the Spanish claims to the Carolines had never been abandoned, the islands had never been occupied, and that England considered the claim imperfect and he probably thought that Spain would not care, and so sanctioned the annexation in the ordinary course of business, without speciallmedita tion, It would I please the Germans, and the Spaniards would be indifferent. At most there would be a small irritation in, the popular mind in Spain; and a popular mind has for the German Chancellor very little meaning. How many legions can a> populace send into the field?' The consequence has been a furious uprising of all Spaniards against Germany. The people, declare their nation insulted, the soldiery clamour against Germany, and the statesmen) publicly posa the German Minister without seeing him. A Conservative chief like Senor Canovas publicly declares that he always deprecated the King'ssjourney to Germany, the revolutionary leaders eagerly fan the flame in order to discredit the Monarchy, and the throne is cooking under the age pressure can undivided people to wards war. If the matterrestedtn their hands they would accept no compromise, and make no bridge of any sort for their momentary enemy. Indeed but for, trial self-control of the King and the belief that Prince Bismarck will recede, there would be wary which would be most unpleasant for the Chancellor. He did not want one. He cannot, get directly at. Spain, for he has no means, of transporting; the necessary 100,000 measure the Mediterranean, and less than that number would be lost in a country which is grave of armies (he cannot hope to induce France to coerce 'Spain for his benefit; and he cannot be over a tain of victory in a swagger colonies. The: ! Spanish naval officers areas determined! now as they were in Nelson's days, when the great Admiral declared) them more formidable than the French and Spain either has or can! procure ships as powerful as those of Germany. Spain when excited has always mations, for in Spain it is, creditors who suffer first. Besides, the Hoheu moderns do not want; such a war, costing money and involving,! risks to no, end and giving France a. Mediterranean, ally who might have been the ally of Germany. "Hutt family counts-, its trained man and its dollars, and has an idea of throwing either of them away. The Prince, therefore has. scarcely an option, except to recede and he is to-all appearance receding, offering to submit the claims of the two countries to arbitration, and. denying, probably with truth, the. assertion, that the annexation of the islands by Germany is officially complete.. In other words, he has lost his moral? hold on Spain, which was- considerable,. Spain always dreading ffbance-without, acquiring anything in exchange, not even the comparatively useless, islands about which the dispute arose. Many people are so penetrated with the idea that the German Chancellor cannot fail that they will reject this view, and maintain that, he has some secret object which he will still obtain. The demand for the Carolines, was only "-a feint" they, say ; the true object being the acquisition of. much more considerable territory. That may be true, though the territory is not visible, and [ we do not profess to fathom the escape of Prince Bismarck's mind; but on the external) evidence, his colonial polis has not hitherto been such; as to extort the admiration of an observant world There has been a want of largeness of "view about it. He has not for example, though he ! laments emigration to foreign lands and says, it is nearly as costly as. war, either secured or tried to. secure a country adapted to emigration, in which German, life, German manners, and German culture might be perpetuated)across the seas., If Germany possessed such a country it could be populated in ten years, by the simple: expedient , of permitting every colonist, to consider . entrance into the militia, of the colony, equivalent to military service It is to avoid the conscription that young men, emigrate strength" Fathariaod and they would be; delighted with the compromise It may be said that no such country was obtainable ; but Prince Bismarck is powerful; he does not shrink, from wars or' far reaching treaties and it may be doubted whether, if he had been in deadly earnest, he could not have acquired either South Africa north of the Osage River, or Peru, or Morocco, or one of two or three other divisions of the would in which a German cast, drive the plough. That would have been the kind of large design we should have expected from the Prince if he had sought lands for emigration ; while if he was seeking India's, much of the world was still available to a ruler directing a great army, ! and able to reconcile himself to conquest. Neither Brazil nor Japan could resist Ger- many; he could have secured Indo-China, by concessions to France and neither Great Britain nor Holland would have stood out for ever if he had said, " We Germans will civilise all Borneo," an Asiatic Empire of itself. Instead of thus seeking some grand dependency, he has been snapping up bits of settlements here and there with no result whatever, except, soreness among great, or potentially great, communities. What is the value to Germany of the Cameroons, or Samoa, or that much discussed little pest house, Angra Request German New Guinea may be worth something, or the new German territory extorted from Zanzibar ; but it will take years to make these- dependencies profitable as factories, and in the event of war with a Maritime Power, they will be most costly and troublesome to defend. All of them put together are not worth Ceylon. In secure fellaheen, moreover, îPwncetBismarck'hoa ' secured -for Germany the ill-will of thus -trainees, who will at contestant date doing- a rate the Pacific, and the distrust of the ISfaghsb, who were disposed to regard the "new, Great Power with the warmest syra -party. He has placed new burdens upon a? bus Treasury which will increase as time goes on, and has broken, with the old and successful 'policy of the Hohenzollerns never to scatter force. It in return he has secured the confidence of his people, he has, 'Redoubt, an equivalent, and they may I be pleased with his activity, but it is odd that if this is the case, representatives chosen by "universal suffrage refuse so many colonial votes and cut down so sharply the subventions Johnes of colonial steamers. Prince Bismarck himself complains that the Liberals thwart his colonial efforts, and by Liberals, in this instance, he means the German people. All this looks to us like a small policy; and, if we are not so to judge it, we must believe that Prince Bismarck is only gratifying an aspiration which he be- haves to be general, but which he does not himSelf feel, with as little expenditure either of pleasure or of force as he can. That is, of course, quite possible; but if this is the explanation, and the Prince is playing a . comedy, he should be careful to be a little better informed. To arouse a State like ' Spain which might be an invaluable ally in a French war-into a transport of ants German feeling, in order to secure some useless islands which he is perfectly ready to resign, cannot be an illustration of diplomatic wisdom, even though the result should be nothing worse than it yet has been. If, however, it should be worse, and the throne of King Alfonso should be shaken by a people hurt in their national pride, the cause of Monarchy in Southern Europe will have received a deadly blow at the hands of a man who professes to detest Republicanism for itself, as well was for the weakness which, as he thinks, 4t invariably produces. some other explanation may be accepted in the end; but at present the only one which 'fits the facts is that Prince Bismarck annexed the Carolines to please his newspapers, without particularly wanting the islands and when he found that the Spaniards were angry, gave them up again. We do not see how the Constitutional statesmen whom he decides could have done worse than that, 