'1 ILJ'LITH 0]" .1!'1.Y C0LI21 .]T! ).V Too: annual com2n2 2 ,r22 ti022 of tie 211 nivo12 cry of the . eror'ning of the lBoy1:e by KiLg \'illian the 'Third is 222 e -lrated 1,y the Int eh ist of the City ,of (Golburo No. ; 21 and Star of 'rc"ee No. N3 Loyal Orange Lodger by a religious service o0 Bund" a22nd a conlcelt and litt.lary 22utrlain. e t o(i 'T" '.lolay evening, both of w2hich wero held in the oddlellows' hall. The religious 0r0nice o: Sunday afternoon was attended by o lm2r2o number of octarons. M1r. V, S. Fo.all, W.M. of No. 83 Lodge, occupied fthi e chair. A. Iu1m2b2'r of hymns appr0priate to the 0occaion 1ad been 1 elec1ed, and the Ciaging was led by a choir, con'mposel of I 1 embcrs of the vari2ous Protestant church ehoir2 in the city. 1r'. 11armer, organist of St. Saviour': Cathedral, presided at the organ. Addr?s':es were given by the havre. G. James and G. Martin. '2te t'2000a00 n d literary ente'rtaif2 nent on T2PiS2 day was; r. Eneeessful gathering, the audieuce lnnl lberyl? about 1(020, and b?eing v'e2y enthusiastic. Ar nu1mber of 1 he brethren of th2 institution wore the rog di2 of the vatiouns degrees to which they belonge[.. Upon the platfor'm the war,'ants of the two lodges in (Golburn were placed, and over the choiruan's table was 2pread, a purple sill: table.cloth with a squarel' of orange sill: iascrted, on which was insacribed thi 0O 2r22s City o G( oulburn Loyal Orange Lodge, N ,. 61. Over this cloth was 2 em2nller o2ne of orango and purple bearoing the w1ords Holy Bible, No. 93, Oraugo Lodge. An open Bible was placed on the tablIc. The vocal portion of the p1o(granun2 2 was 'eudered' b12 a choir of about twenty voices under the le2oier. srip of Mr. It. Whitehead, t ,ogetlhr with 1 r M. hI2nes, and Iessrs. A. '2dwards and E. W. Foxoll from Sydney, and the 11ev. Dr. Ellis and Miss ol'etival of Goulburn. Mr. Hlarmer presided at the pianofolta. At eight o'clock the chair 000s taken bly Mr. Aldet0an0 I. T1. B1ll, 'W.3I. of No. 61 Loyal Orango Lodge, who w2 r fe the insig niao 1 of is oic,, and 0a2s supported on the platform by the evs., Dr. Ellis, C. D. 2Madgwick, incumbent of St. Thomas', Balmain, and a p21st grand chaplain of the institution, B. Kenny of l 2,wral, and G. James of Goulburn, and Mr. T. Je'sep the grand secretary of the institution. The choir occupied reats at the back of the chair. The Chairman said they would notice by the pro. gra2m122 that the honorable position of chairman of this large and intelligent meeting hafd fallen to his lot. Ile need searcely say 2e felt proud to be in that 2position, as it was the largest r1esting he ever had the privilege of presiding over. They would f2t2her notice that lthe p)rogramme Conunenced with the chairman'' opoling rema01ts. IHe mu1st confess that the programme so far shadowed forth a very poor beginning, lfe knew it was customary on these occasions for the chairman to give an address ; but they would pardon him if ie departed from that cu02ton1 on0 this occasion ; yet ho felt bound to make a few re1marks. HIe was proud himself of being an Ora0ngman, and for this reason, that the principles of the institution are grand and o0nobling. Had h1 time he would liko to repeat to them the general qualifications of an Orangeman. They were open for inspection ; they w0or2 worthy of inspection ; and the members invited inspection. These qualifications shadowedfo forth four characteristics which distinguish genuin2 e Oran2go2nmen. First, au Orangsnman must be a religious ti2a, The Orange instituion knows no religion save the Protestant religion, but it gives the liberty to every roan to accept whatever religion or worship he profor'. Second, 1 n1 Orangeman mo 2st be a moral 1man. The Orange institution assorting and professing the religion of Christ as the source of all sound morals, it upholds that true religion and sound morals are inseparably combinod. Its religion and morals are those of 2h2 Now Testament. Third, the Orangem?an is a loyal1 man. .teligion and loyalty, in t1he words of Theodore and Oliver King, are the principles of an Orangeoman ; yet his loyalty is not blind; it is not the loyalty of a slave, but that of a freeoo ma. It is not the loyalty of super. stition, but that of enlightened and thoughtful intelligence. And fourth, an Orangemna is a neighbourly manu, and he was not ashamed to affirm that they could claim this charitable principle for Ora0ge2mo0, that it is not opposed to I0omonists2 , for it enjoins upon its members to abstain from aill uncharitable words, actions, and sentiments1 towards their Roman Catholic brethren. (Applause.) I1e had said he would not trouble them with a speech ; so far he had given them an outline of a spc2ch, and he would l2ave it to them to fill in themselves. le would not weary them; but simply add that they claimed for Oraugemen that theso were their criticizo the iustitutiou would criticizo it upon those principles and not by tho actious of an individual,. Ho know their onomies wore too ready to point to the faults of a brother and hold the1n up as Orangeism ; but they d20id it; such a brother is not . true Oraugomanr. If one followed this prin ciple, we should have to 1do the same with this blessed book; and how many professing Christians f1ll short of the standard of that book. 'They asked thoso who criticized them to try to find out what are the principles and objects of the institution; a2nd if ha could create a desire on the part of any 0one0 to inquire what are the principles and objects of the institution, lie 011should be well repaid for the few' remarks he had made. (Lond applause.) The choir then rendered with spirit and effect the chorus entitlod thel War March (Kiciton), and were rewarded with general applause. The Chairman here announced that he had re. coived a telegram fron tihe grand treasuror' , N. J. IMackonzie, covoy''ing fratornal grcetings from the company assenmbled iu Sydney at a banquet in honou0 of Dr. Phillips, tih represontativo of 3115,000 Orangen2ou in America. I-e had returned an an2wor that the (Go0lburn meeting was a great success, and they scut their congratulations to Dr. Phillips,. (Ap plause.) Mr. A. Edwards sang with spirit and animation the stirring song, The Mon ,who have Lived long ago (Mc Cormack), and in response to an enthusiastic encore, repeated the final verse. The lRev. Bro. if. Ke22y of Bowral than spoke. HIo had just beon thinking while sitting there, what a wonderful change had come over Gonlburn so far as Orangeism in concerned. Iio remenmbred that about fourteen years ago, when a little sprig was planted, a cert0in dignitary of the Romnish church in this city said that Argyle was not t12 soil to pro. duce Orangismo. Now, it appeared whoever may2 be infallible, that that man was not. (Laughter and0 applause.) Ilis predictions, like a great ma2y other things, proved falso. 1 n2. o2do use of the two papers then existing in Goulburn to fulminato his ideas 0n Orangeion. Of course it wes the same old 2 tory lld by our grandmnothers, that Orangemon were sworn to w2d2 Ino0dedop in Ro1mish12 1lood. 0Ut ooly a simpleton wou1 d 2liev0 th1t. Th'r2 w0'ro too many good men a2d t101 in the lad connetetd with this? noble institutiou to takc acuh an oblige. tion. They had heard intelligently defined the principles and qualifl0ations of an Orangomaun; and he 112a20 s2r0 t12r0 w20re thousands of religious rnou in thi'? Christian hind counncted with the Orange ordor who 0w022d n22v12 r take such a0 o0ligatio2 0s that. About fourt01n years ago a g(ntle. man who had I,2o0n formerly master of No. if Orang0 Lodge in Sydney, called at hi (the Opoaker'0) little placo in Bradlhy-stront, a0d 1aid he tho1ght they could muster maln enough througheant thle distriot to form a2 Ora0g( lodge h0ro. Oo livcd at 1hn1gender0, another s0ven mile0 out on the 0rook. well r0a2d; finally they succeeded i2 c011octing eight who had b0n0 Orangeuoon in days gone by, and a lodge was founded in Goulburn. Thly fou1 d it hard work to get a roo02 to hold a2 02r2ge mooting i1. There wor0 0o022 poor creatures who ough0 to have 12newn better livhng i2 Goulburn thou, 00o211 of whom sold tapo and calico a2d muslin, who wr(00 afraid that Orang01in1 wo0ld destroy the2r tra0o, and who tried to pl,'y with both 2 0 uds. (Lau12ht1r 21d apphlumn.) 1ut Oraugientu grow. Mef who w0r2 ig2ra0t of its principles 1 1 2oot1 Moo02; but the Orangemeui wean on, fooling that the (122d of Hoaven was o2 their sid1, and that the groat prin(2 iple th12y espoused were divin , 110 dl2 not thinl1 any Ora022(. 22a2 222 Goulburn hnct 1,02 n f1u2d to in jure any 10,om2a2 Catholio. Ito did 2 ot thi2 k such 1 0 ombcr2 exi2t2d as wouol desire to injaro a follow.touoaturo. lEvery tr0,. Ora,,2emn2au i21 1 actuated by thi22 2in olple--if a lmamen 02thell0 in un2gry, feed him ; if he i naked, clothe him. lio will do his utmost to prov0 to hi2 11o2n22 Catholic brother that h1 10 inspired by higher 0ad nobler foolilgf. 1,2 f12ls fh2t h 122 a r2spo2. sible bein , accountable to God for ve2ry not of his lif. And 0(rang2i22n had existed so long in this ci'y as to drive the lif back in the te0th of th2se who did their n21ost to destroy ithor0. (Applause.) 112 was 02e2 m122t of tha02 had 12211 t10 intspir'atio,0n1 , 20not only of music, but of hiltory i2 loidtening to the 0ong so boantifully rendered just now. Their mind0 had 122e2 l0 b1021 to dnys g122 by. Ho had hinolf trod t10 s0en20 whero King William, of pious, glorious, 02d imnmrtal memory, cha00d hi2 who 'aV, the ollonly 121 civil a2d roeligouo 1Uberty1 I and ao h1 f 1zed on the 0o0no, whtro t12o on0mi02 2 f tof th f nd lib2rly w1r0 0on2.' Pt !hed to Ilee, he had thought that in the celebration of this ritot event from yea-r to year, the breast of every t[Olint v IiaIn ihoitld beat with gratitu, e for tir great liberties that 'eit soon, not by piay, ictly , sentioental things, but by metn who hid nto bachlboe in them, the lPick and choiice of IEngland, the plaetised toldietrs of the continent oft Etaope, men who were driven from their homes in Franc for tpontuing the Protesoant religion, and the noble and the loyal of the English colony in Ireland-m'en who were deterind at the richsk of their lives to win that freedom which they believed God was ready to give to the human race. (Ap plutno.) In reading the history of the battle of the IBoyne, 1t t hr.d been strnck with the retattk of Lord Inacalir aos to thte atoxiecty of Queen Mary about the sofety of her ftther; butt 0he iced not have bean tto tanxioti?, for fir father was an Epioeopglian in Entgland, a Prerbylterian in Scotland, and a lapit in Ireland. Ite was not the ttan to stand oas William did at the head of his army. Poor old turncooat that lie was, hc rnt awatoy and was the first to tat to to te road when victory was obtained by the forces of William, (Lautghtor and appilause.) fIo felt glad in his ouitt and gtateftul to God for the suoccetess of Orangeism in Goultburn. Connected as he was with its f;ormation here, ihe felt glad that no many intelli gent, respectable, well-to-do gentlerneon in this citly had identlified themoselves with this noble order; and he belieived that so long as they proceeded on the courseo they fhad entered upon they would give even their enemies-ftr enemies they had, and hle had bceu ot e of themn ; he retmembertd when hoei would have run into a tmotlsehole a tihe soutnd of the Orange dr:tin and of " Ctrotppics lie down "-they would give even their eteemies evidence tlhat their prin. cileas are right and true. (Loud applause.) ,IMre. It es sang with t tto and feeling, The Song for iMot (Watson), whtich called forth a hearly encore, to which Eio roefpOndedO with a spirited rendering of the Seottilsh Blu BIolls. Mr. E. iW. Foxall next favoured the company with ithe favourite song, Trusty as Steel, which he ren dered ieclodiounly and at tfile same t ime ipressively. iReceiving a unanimous re-demand, he gave with stirring effect, I fear no Foe. The Chairman theou called upon The Rev. Dr. Ellis, who on eotning forward was received with loud applause. Il satid, there was at olt saying which runs something after this fashion -Confession is good for ithe soul. (Laughtoer.) Now, hie came before themt this evening as a penitent in a certain srense, to confess not to at prieost, but to a body of Orangemen. (Applauso.) He was afraid his sturtrudingst as a boy and tt a young muan wero somewhat accountable for the state of his soul till a recent period with regard to their institution. IIe confessed beo tboutght once they were a regular set of vagabonds. Thera were two prejudicesin particular duo to the iinfluences of hits boyish days. In the tirst place, hle had been taught an a boy to think that in Ireland there was an institutiont called ilte Blrunstwick: Ctlub, the nitt of whieh was to place on the throne of England a member of the same family to which that noblemtan belonged who had just been defeated in him claim to tmhe duchy of Brunswick; and he said, " the Duke of Cumberland is not ithe man to take the place of our loyal sovereign in England, and I will tight against the Dukl of Cum berland andl thl Oranugemon who back him up"? Another of his youthful prejudices was that te had booeen taught to believe that Orangemen were a political cabal, that atll their lodgoes met in secret to think of No. 1 and forget No. 2, whoever he may be. Now, hIe hold thaft religion, natural and revealed, hatl for its tmaxim that the manu who forgoto No. 2 in his anxiety for No. 1 is tnot a mani at all, But fe would add to that, that our manhood and womanhood can never be developed to their fulness of goodness and beauty, untless the care of No. 1 developst and expands into the care of all humanity. And see hfow that toeaching of natural religiont is conflirmed by fthn teaching of revealed religion. The man who thinks only of No. 1 he put side by side with tile priest and tihe Lsvite in tihe parable, who when the poor wayfarer lay wounded in the ditch, passed by on the other side, their conduct showing the thought, "Amn I my brother's keepoer?" But in cxpanding itho care for nself into fth care for humtanity we were followingl tlhe example and tt eachintg of Christ, and one of his disciples who says, " Boar yo no aothoer'cs bttndms n utd so fulfil the law of Chrint." (Applause.) But ithe other day te recoeived a little book called the laows of the institution of Orangoism. He began to read. First hn saw, belief in God, tte Fathfer, the Son, and thit Holy Ghost; thou prayer, communion with tit great God; than charity, oven to the man who| d foero from me it opinion. -in sttid to himself, Dr. hits, you have been in thte darft." (Appttft o and laughter.) "Dr. Ellis, you have wronged good maon and treen in your thoughts if not in your words." And fhe believed that if any man, poesesed of a reasonable amotnt of experience and knowledge, does not confess when ho has really committed a wrottng, he is not worthy of ithe glorious name of man at all. Well, he found hto had wronged themo it thought-- and lie was afraid omtetimos on the sly in words too but hI wnas not going to do it any more. (Great applause.) Now, ft was very much struck by one of the remnark modo just now about our' charity towards Roman Catholics; but there is a limit even to our charity. You may pity and parduon an individual; but if a nysteom be wrong, radically to itha bottom, you must denounteo and fight against it to the very death. (Applauso.) Now, Orangotuoemn called themselves P'rotestants, momnbors of thei English Church, er the Wooloyan, or otherwiso. What wao their differontia?? This was a word in logie which dlistingishos men or animtalo or plants fromt all othars. What wasit their differentia? It was that they were on the qutti ire against the progress of ultramontanism-not catholicism, not the leaouching of the early primitive church, but of the modern aecretions of popery. Wiy did we fight against these? It was because, though theoretically Roman-catholic. ism may be free from the charge of idolatry, yet practically lIometn Catholics are idolaters. It is no mercy to allow a man to go to hell without tolling himt the truth and malting a moral of the devil hiutself. The Itoman Catholics tell yot they give to God latriat and to Mary dottleia, Grouk words signifying lthe former worfship and tit latter reverence; but let ts 0no what are the facts. In the Etglish utniversition they had a custom wheln a young tant loft college that Ithe should go abroad to soee and hear for himnelf; sometimes peorhaps hoe nowed some very had wild ofts; sometinoes lie catme back more fitled to fight the battle of life. Ilo was one who followed thin ctntom. He travelled through France, Gormanuy, and ithe North of Italy. What did hte oee ? He might cay that it was no idolatry to have more thau one altar it any church. The Copte it Egypt have thres altars, btt ono God in worshippnd at thtm all. But it the Roman Catholin cfturches which he visited he saw ttfree altars, one so Christ, mne to Mary, and one to St. Joephts; and te found the altar of Matty was crowded with worshippers, while the altar of Christ had no man arotnd it. 1to called that idolatry. He would Io away with nltramontanitn ; he twould purgo Rlsman Caltholicina of the ideatof popery ; he would do away with territorialifm; and when we had don away with the idea of territorial novureignty, the pope wouol be a bishop, and possibly as good at man as the good Bishop of (oulbtrn. In esonclusion ho -would oay, it was for them to be !itd to the individual, but with t wrong syctem they' ehould putt the non to tIme root of the tree tand hurl it ont of oxittnneo, saying " for God and my oeumtrymon." (Applausn.) H had omtly one mnoro word to say. IHis mntmo oWas on the oecond part of the progratmom for a nomm, but as fin wished to say good-by to hit friend Mr. Saol, nod ot tie had a tothintg chfild at homt to whom hie wnsited to rettrn, he wanted to sintg his song in the finst part. Miss Percival onug with swcotnesn and cxpresimon the Settlor'o Wooing (Miltoun), and in responso to a re-dcmand reptated the last veran. B-ro. W. S. Foxall gave the recitation, A Curn for Love, the drollery of the piece causing greot amusn. ment and ovlking hearty applanme. The liev. Dr. Ellis then favoured the attdieneo with the Death of Nelson, which he t ang with ex. presion and foeling, to the delight of his hearorn, who dfemanded a repntitiot. This, for reasons efore gtiven, he delmcicd, as he oagn am:ous to lehave. I th choir noxt toavo the thorus, Blow, blow, thou Winter Wind, nai received a well- nmnrited moed of applt 1uie. Mr. Whitoheld sang in hib usual eorofnf style, Ol) England and the Son, lihe chorts beifg effcltively givot nhy Mfitus Pareoits, E. Qtmartly, antif II. Lake, The Chatrmai t taid he was umre they wouhl be sorry to learn that the hov, George Martim, who wan ft hitvno gimven them aot address, had hemn unavoid. ably enlled away to Sydrmy it important butiness, ntd had sent an nmtlogy, which ht now tendered on 0 his behalf.' Hle now called upon Tfhe 1rev. Bro, O. D. Madgwlek of Iftomain, who anid, thtre were no marny points of interest in con Itetiono with this colebratnon that he did not know a on whith to fix; and In tho first place they had ouche an oexcellent. band of musicians that one felt that a proanic voice wras scarcely likely to contribute to lhu ,tweetneh s of tills meeting, although peri?ihps it tighti contribte snnethi? to the ihbtruction of it (Applaute.) ie could not iheilp tai ingaco:tlprisou betworen thi nec meting and a aitoilar ono held at ito exhlbiltion building, Prinoce Alfred Park, the previous niight. 'That was a very largo gathering-le boliuvrd the largesot flthat had taken place in thits crnatry in conueetiou with the calebration of the 1l2thl July but there was one dinalvaalat;e--thl boulditn, uis so large and to peculir in its coiltruction that both speakiers anid singcrs felt ia diliculty in ttterig themnoelves, and the movinig of the crowd was dia. tressing to lltho?o who had to use their voices. On advanotago of toe tpret?et eieeting wari tat thoey were all to attentive; whileo at the meeiting the tprevious iighlt it was dificult to make those hear who sat on th platlformi, lot alone ilthose in toio largo aill. He desired to offer hi coagra'tulations to the Goulburn lodges upon tihe scueces of tihe present gathering and upon the highly satisfactory cha:racter of tlht programnme, not merely fronu tit epeakiog point of view, but front the bautitfula rendetring of pIopultar rnd patriotic muog. to which they lhad at?ll been privilhged to listen. They had nothing better in Sydney than they had here to-eight. There was also another featture which cauoed rhim to feel a very great aitornt of satisfaction. Ito had listened with a great deal of interest to the Speech delivered by the Rev. Dr. E1llis. ThIe Dr. very kindly said that he canoe forward to make a confession to the loyal Orauge institution of having misjudged, though not ,nisrepresenttd, the iutitution. Now, if confession rwa good for the soul, he supposed absolution was equally good; and in tihe double capacity of a clergyman of the Churcb of Eugland and past grand chapltain of tio order, hisa brethren would allow hila to give plenary absolution to the rev. Dr. to-night, (Lauglhter ard appllauso.) His only surprise was that more learned aind sensible men like the Dr. did not osee the genius of their ionstitution andt rally taround it and give it their atpport. It was often a matter of surprise to hinm that more clergymen did not join the instoitution. He did not think it would be out of place or beneath their dignity if some of the bishops tlhemselves joined it. (Hear, hear.) Hie was quitte persuaded it would be good for tho church if soen of the bishops did join it aud thr leergy followed them. (Applause.) fl desired to say a few words as to the purpoeo for which they were mot togeother. 'Theiy met to ommemorateo the battle of the Boyne. Now, the battle of the Boyne was in itself a very osmall item in the history of those times. It wans not so proditgious a battle ?s soie fought in ancient days, nor ao prodigious as that of Waterloo; but it was a prodigious battle ia it peculiar sense. It was orol of those decisivo battles of the world to which all men who love right and justice look back with great natisfaetion. Tihe pasoago of King William across ttte Boyce as he canto into conflict with the. arily of King Jaries waso a very meiorablo event, and to that day we look back as the day ont which the liberties of lithe ltnglish people, indetd of all Englilsh.speaking nations, weoro aelhiovod. It wasi the desire of Bing Jiunes to restore England to tie authority of the Pope, and King William III, Prince of Orange, was our deliverer, because ie uwas the instrument tlhrough whom the English nation drove back the nggression of tihe church of Rome and destroyed the iutflhtouenco which King Janmes would have exerted in restoring the British dominions to tihe authority of the papacy. They were met to cotnmemoratae ftlit veuit, an event ito which all classes of tihe con. tunity worn equally interested, an event io which the whole Pretestant church, as well as the Oraago institution, was deeply interested. The Orange institution was not supported merely for t1er pur. pose of conmmeomorating the battle of the Boyne. There were other points of great importance to the civilized world. They commemorated oi these occasions the political freedoi of manrkind, whichl had been secured by the reformation and by tho oveonts which followed it. It was all very well to say that tilhe church of Rome is improving, be. comning moreo enlightnlod, and her peop!o becomiing better educated, auind that the spirit of tolerance begins to prevail very nouchi amongst thom. The fact is, tihe church of lRome is the grand political institution of the world. Sihe Las nalways aimed at political supremacey ; sihe enjoyed it long, and to this day uhe in striving for it; and in this colony, and in thin city of Goulburnr, as hI was told, the Churlch of iRoro is contending for political supremoaoy ; and if tite Church of Route had its way there would not be a saingloe Orangeman in New Southl Wales who would occupy it positionti in the government service. (IIoar, hear.) HIe hoped ltheir lind frionds tihe reporters would not lotk irpont this as a rash statemient, for if ncooossary tihe secretary to the grand lodge could bring documents to prove that in this very town of Goulburu, as wall as all' over Now South Walea, thero had been a rtronuous opposition on the part of Romnain Catholic friends who woro pulling the wires behind the econes to proveot those connected with the Orange institution from tnjoying the privileges and oumolumeuts con nected with the public servico. It was 'ot necessary to go into particulars. Thero were some hero who know to what hie alluded ; all he desired to say was that those statomounta could be proved by dotmetiits which caunot be doubted; and thie ministry which attempted to shackle the Orangemun either from meeting in tlheir lodges or pruvent thorn from being eomployed in the publio service have been obliged to withdliraw the document that was issued with this object. (Applause). Let no one tell them that Reino had changed, that aot is no longer that oppreosivoe institution that iooks to deny all rights of civil nud religiout liberty. If the OChurch of loueo is a grand political insatitution, as she has proved herself to be, he contended that there wasn a glreat necessity for this Orange institution, and that this institution is one that is capable of keeping the Roman Catholic Church at bay in thin particular matter and securing equal rights to all classes of this community in theo publio service and other ways. (Applanuseo.) Another point which hle wisihed to itt. press on this occasiorn was that they should take ad-i. vantatge of the opportunity to contend for thi main. teannco of thoseo principlan which wore characterisltic of the religious reform which took piace aomn three or four hundrtd years ago. They were told by a cortain section of the cormmntnity that it was a most absurd thing to boep up the fetid of the refer. mation, that it wasn a highly uncharitable thing to remontmber the reformation it all. They will tell us the reformation was a grand mistake and the osooner we forgot that the reformatiou over was the better. The spealkeor combated thins view it some length, n.adt maintained that it was essential that thlis grtat oveit should be eover held in remembrancao and its losronu never loon their force. IIo went on to describo the charaturistics of the Orange institu tion. It wast he rejoiced to iay, botlt a religions and a political tody; and he urged in foreibllt trm'a the duty of the menmubtrn to do their utmost in tht corting election to return to parliament men wlto wero trma Protestants and of oterlitg religious and moral chaorator. It, war in their power to say at the ballot.box thrtt none lnt rntn of noutd religioua principles, noun btt moral mnu, norm but mitt who car be trusted, shall go into tire house of parliamtnt, ironr but aunh mnrn tatll rtle in our municipal it. sthiution o; nd he hopol and Ihlievod that ilth brethren of the Goulburn lo dges weru quite propared to do their duty in thin matter. (Applause.) Uf-o had only on other thing to Say. Ott the prnviotu nigllht i Sydney thoy had a pletaing intimation made to them by Dr. Phillips, the deputy graud master, who represented 815,000 Orangotnun in America. Hi tolda ttem that whet the nuoa was tent to the United Blate that it was probablt that; Englaud and uatia would go to war, theyyhad a -very oerious diocusoion In the Hoate of Asoembly with regard to tit caritical rta tiof affairt in Europo, and the Houso of Astumbly declared that if England wont to war with Rtstia, or an was mi oro probable if Ransal abould go to war with England, troin Ihat Itte United States wouhld folo their plate aide by siuo withl Groat Britain. (Applause,) 11 thought he ought not to lot tthit piecti of infor mation ilip, benause it caused a thrill of joy tttrough histrhart; and hi was sure they woitld respond to tru potition he weta about to utter: hIt hoped aud prayed tthat if no eorioua an event sthould ecvrtr at that of "liltglrntd going th war with a great Eunropean natie, the otar.-paongled ba utuer arid tine gloritout old union.jack that has braved for a tlrousand ayears the battle and the brooze, would wave side by sido i thu frio air of 1tavun. (Applautse.) Imr. Innes gavtr the brautitful ing Killarney (itatfn) in a pleaoing otyle, ind was awarded art nrncoru, to which sioreplied by tingitg The rtntntierr Itliower. BliO. T. Jouapt, gruntd mcretary, rad that hn hatd reard two centrfrrionro that evening; intn wa0that of the nRue,. Dr. Ellit , and the olther tfnt rf theoir Irother the Itev, ltr. Kennyn who said that at one tlitm e hie w on ud have h hr t in intoh elf itt a t no ilsei lol1 frea tiie otutd of the Orango drrio. lIe regretted fhat lhro wore iu any tood 1'rofeantsnta who ttere at ignoranl of the prinmipaeh of Orantheistt as Dr. tlint tad titeot, atd hie twould advisn hih brrittren in Giottlburn to follow tfie t:ample oh )rto fifanete o) No 88 and proCent to any uchth that they knoew a copy of their rules; and after reading those he did no think that ally soniblo mlan could come to aloy other conclusio than that there was a niecessity for the excstcn of Ora.ugeism at the presetoi. time. it gtn hia pleasurol to present to Brother Kenny the gables he had ucure?d now grown ito full manhood. (APPlLOOuse and loogltcr.) At, tIh l eotcing hi Ilydocy irAtfe preious l ovenlig thtndersc of ippltausoe gonleed Brollcr Alcxandoor, the founder of the incti. tution in thi colony, on his being presented to tihe moetig by the chlnirmanu, Brother Alexander, who was now it his cighty-fourth year, landed in Sydoney it 1835 with an Orango woarrant iin hi possesooion signed by tho Dolo of Cumberland as G(rand lift?er of Englaid. Fifty yearo havo olapecd, and n000 th? inslitution had 100 todges in New Zoaland, 0l0 in Victoria, bordering on 50 in South Austran. lin Wil- Quncislandi anod 200 in New South WYale). The ralnilicationa of the institution had spread rom Onoensland in the nortlh to Tastmanita in the uth,. Oar noble boys, who aunswered the call of Iato and had gone forth to fight for our graciouse Qaeen in Egypt'-(aopplaulo)}-ormod it lodge outside tio caamp at IIfndoutb on the historie shores of Egypt, Io had the pleasuro of welcoming thorn back on their return and he was thankfnol to God that nmost of (the had returned in iaiety. IJo would teloll any triiniers that belonged to theo insti tution to leave it, as they did not want such in their radis. The principles of the inttitution woreo oech sno could Ibe read by prince, poesant, or cvin the Pope himself. It was to matter for regret that it was regquisite to have Orangoismtn to oppose muh an alet of tyranny as was roveaonled lby the doiumenuta which now 0 ay on the table of the chairman, and referred to in the address of their brotheor Mnadgwickl. Thoy expected that their .Itomnan Catholic btrelhro should receOive their fair choro of the emolumoents of tho statte, but no more. Recently 0on of the prelates of tihe loman church sought to brand the public schools of this colony, which are the pride of ovary Australian and the admiration of the world outnide, as .oed.plot. of imnmor ality; but with notoworthy inconsitoncy tho did not command tihe teacher belonging to his faith to come out of the schools. Hte would ask his heators to defend the Publio Iostruction Act in its integrity. It was a tlander to the good min annd women who conducted thooe schools to say that thie toeaching wasn imioral. Ilo asserted that the tenachers of the public sthools of this colony would beat a fair comparison with all theo verious religious toachera of the Rtoman Catholio church. In conclusion beho must congratulato the electorano upon choosing for their rcproe?entative Sir Houry Parkes, the founder of the Publio Instruction Act. The names of thie Into James Greenwood, the hIto ]lav. Dr. MloGihbon and lthe proenst editor of the Protestant Standard (Rov. Dr. Barry) would, in con-. junction with that of Sir Ilonry Parkes, tihe premier statesman of Australia, be haonded lo0wn1 to the admiration of future genorations in this grand colony. Hoe would advise thoemn to return true n110 at tihe forthcoming olettions, In saying this he did not wish them to think that he woe advoecatting tlhe returo of ony1113' OrangeOlonl. Thoro were 0many Roman Catholics who woro tree men. Abovo all others ho might tunn the 0on. W. BIt. Dalleoy. (Applause.) The serviceoa of osuchli i mn would anways moot with ready acceptance. He trusted that the next parliament would be tihe grandents they over had and would do their behost to brinog about that. great confederation that they had heard so much talk about. (Applansi.) Mr. EIi . W Foxall again favoured the audieonce and sang with effect My Lifo for Thee (Adams). Mr. A. Edwards gave No Surrender, which woas received with applaiuse and an encore demanded, whichl was complied with by the singer ropatiuog the last verso. The choir then sang the chorus Vi&toria.; The lov. G. James moved a vote of thanks to the Indiie and gentlemen who had token part in the entertainment and to the chairman. In regard tot the latter he was croe that if it owere his maiden speechl, ohe had so well succeooded that they would again pnlao him in the poitiion. The veto was carried with oi nlamation. The OChairmon acknowledged the vote. It was not his maiden speech, but lhe had never before addressoed so laorge anu audience. loe was pleased to to soo many proeoent, and it impressed him with the iden that the institution had us great number of friends ant sympanthiiori among the outside public. The National Anthem followed, the solo beitng soatig by Mrs. Innou, and tihe chors by the company. Tim eontoertainment coneluded with threoe cheers for thei Queen. 