Brisbane Tattersall's Club Races. By 'Hippakion.' FIRST DAY— Thursday, Dec. 10. The weather was fine, and though the Regatta 'split up ' the holiday makers, keeping many awav from t.lie rare course, the attendance at Eagle Farm was very large, not quite so bi;r a crowd as 011 the Prince of Wales's birthday, but there must have been at least 7,000 people on me course. 1 ne iaies seem io nave or dained that the road to the course shall never be watered, and neither the three sisters, northeir mortal brother Babbidgi', permitted tho use of the city water-carts, most of which were 'spelling' during the holiday in the corporation yards. The late rains, however, had to some ex tent laid the dustou the road, but the course, though the grass was greeu and fresh looking, aud although the Q.T.C. watering-cart had been plying over it from 5 to 11 a.m., was nearly as dusty as in November. The sky was cloudless, but the summer sun's heat was tempered by a cool breeze that made pleasure a less painful pursuit tbau at most out-donr amusements at this time of the year, and altogether the meeting passed oil' most satisfactorily, the ouly serious fault to be found with the management being the want of punctuality in starting the races. But criticism of tbis kind is more adapted for a local paper than for the (oirmM or Chronicle , whose readers will be impa tient of preface and details that concern them little, and so for the racing, which was excellent throughout and of great interest. The Trial Stakes brought out a Held of nine, of which the vastly improved Drum mer and the Derby winner, Elbe, were favourites, respectively, at 6 to 4 on and 5 to 2 against, though why the latter should have been faucied is rather puzz ling, for his public form is very very moderate, despite bis blue ribbon victory, wherein he beat absolutely nothing, am) his running in the Merchant's Cup was wretchedly poor ; still he was heavily backed, but had nothing to do with the race beyond leading for half a mile, when he was cut down by Wolseley, who took up the runniDg, and up to over a mile had everything at bis mercy ; but when the Drummer challenged at tbe straight the want of condition told a tale, ;iud the Gympie horse, unable to answer, suffered defeat by two lengths, with llarsrberita third, and nothing else near. In this race the Wetheron colt Regent made his difjut, but as was expected Irorn the short preparation he bad undergone, never had a show in an affair so fast, viz , 2m. Hits, for 1} mile. Chrysos, a very good look ing black four years colt, by Goldsbo rough out of Cerito, by Yatteudou, also ran among tbe six unplaced ; he is not tit to gallop for a hack race now, but will win a big race some day when Macabe has him in trim. Elbe was more danger ous, and for the restthey were out-classed. Notwithstanding bis recent victory Mr. Durack determined to send the gallant chestnut in spite of his list. 71b., for the immediately following event, the Hurdle Race, and he was backed at level money, for all the weight he was giving away io horses, some of whom had earned a repu tation in this and tbe other colonies. Whpn thp finer fp II. Otiirk ttp.qriipri lii^ horse aud gave his field a long lead for a mile, over which Friction and Napoleon led alternately, at racing pace; the second time round, 'however, Drummer began to go up, though he never got ijuite within challenging distance of either of the leaders till reaching the last hurdle but one, A-hich he cleared just iu front of Napoleon, and then put on full steam in pursuit of Friction, collared aim at the last jump, which they cleared together, and the heavy weight jumping the far- i thest, landed a head iu front ot the War- ; wick horse, an advantage which he never i lost as they came, under the whip, up the | home stretch, aud exactly a head was | the judge's verdict, Napoleon a poor third. Sundowner fell at the second jump, and though remounted aud started'in pursuit again, the chase was a hopeless one. Archer ran very badly, and the ex-Buti- | daberg horse Mutator, for whom no ex- I cusecan be made, no better. White-lock- j ings scarcely rau up to the form he showed with Friction iu November, aud ! tho latter will iiTv.l.nl.lv Iruin .. ! good class hurdle horse ; he has uot the pace of tbe Drummer, though in that respect he will improve, but he ran very gamely, coming ' like a lion ' under the whip when iu difficulties, after making all the running in a very fastrun 2 miles,' Thirteen out of the fourtesn colored went out for the Cup, Preston being the absentee, and Latona, Pirate, and Dark ness were most fancied, at 3 to 1 against Legrand's sister and 4 to 1 each against the other two, whilst 5 to 1 was languidly taken about both Pilgrim and Quarii boneson ; 6 to 1 was tbe almost nominal Erice jabout Yately, and Adaniantea's ackers accppted 10 to 1. Yateley was quickest on his lets and away, but wu- noon steadied in favor of Darkness and The Gift; the latter's stay in front was brief, but tbe Ulackall horse made very strong running from the 7 furlonn post followed by Datona, Quamboneson, and Re-echo, Yately lying off in the ruck ; Petronel, outpaced from tbe start, a lonjr way last. Iu tbis order they completed the first circuit ; crossing the bridge, Yately improved his position, aud round the back stretch he was running fourth, behind Darkness, Latona, and Quam boneson, but in a good berth, when he 'pecked' and nearly Jell on his nose, losiDg several lengths ; meanwhile Latona challenged Darkness, but in vain, aud tbe effort was her last, a« Quamboneson gave her the go-by and got level with Darkness, Pirate coming up rapidly, aud apparently overhauling the pair ; but though Darkness died away, Quamboneson maintained his lead as they rounded tbe last turu, and the race seemed to be over till Yately, who had got into his stride again, came with a wet sail ou the outside, and settling Pirate was gradually overhauling Mr. Durack's colt, who, however, managed to get home before the other reached his head, and won by a little over half I a length, in the good time of 3m. 8'jis. : Pirate a moderate third. ' There can be little doubt — or at least I have little doubt — that bul for the mis- | hap on the far side of tbe course, which | was caused by a horse running into him, | Yateley would have won, for he lost his j nn»it,inti « t nprbans Ihe. most, r r i t i i I ' time for a horse of his character; but j however that may be, Mr. Durack's vie- 1 tory was very popular, aud his pluck in persevering with Quamboneson for a : couple of almoBt hopeless years, deherved ! the. rich reward he has won ; for it is I said the colt was backed to win him ' £6000. Petronel's running fully explains why he was beaten by a borse like Tbakambau at Goulburn, aud N. S. W. critics will find tbeir mistake out if they act on their hypothesis that his running in their couDtry represents the best Queensland form or anything like it. The most interesting race ot tbe day, to i many, was the following Nursery Han dicap, for which eight two-year-olds came to the post. Paradox, said to be better now at w.f. sex than Gracelul, the Sapling winner, was naturally installed favorite, at level money, whilst 2 to 1 was taken about Nitcbero, 3 to 1 Grace, ful, and 6 to 1 Lady FlBher, who was re ported pounds in front of Miss Newbold. Lady Fisher, smartest in response to the starter's word to go, was galloping whilst the others were thinking about it, and soon had a lead which she main tained to tbe end, and, though Nitcbero diminished it considerably as they came home, be never got ou terms with Mr. Finnie's ' second string,' who won by a couple of lengths. Mr. A. Gordou's good looking Fano, by Epigram out of Fauny, by Lord of 'the Hills out of Fiddlestrlug's dam, ruuning third, and, tbe best-looking of the lot, Whirlwind, fourth ; nothing near the quartette. The latter is a beautifully- shaped colt, almost faultless, and if be doesn't turu out about the best of the party next year I am mistaken. He is by Blink Boy (imp. sou of Blinkhoolie) out of Primula, by Yatteudou, and represents Charleville. Neither of Sir. Jost's was ever iu tbe huut. The Gympie colt, who is by Darriwell out of the Gang Forward mare, Ursula, would probably have won had be got otl' as well as La'dy Fisher, who, however, rau a capital filly, aud Mr. Finnie's triumph was as creditable as it was popular. The Jilly is by Grand Prix out of Laputa, by Angler out of La Mousse, eti. — time, liu. tilsecs., one second faster than Gracetul's Sapling Stakes : but tbe weights were dowu more tbau a stone, though, on the other hand, the course was not so fast ou Thursday as it was a mouth ago. The Selling Race resulted in a dead heat between Maritana and EI:istic, the mare winuiug the decider pretty easily. Aud the day's sport was brought to au end witb tbe Publican's Purse, for which eight horses saddled up. The odds accu rately foreshadowed the result as far as the wiuuer was concerned, for Yately at 0 to 4 against, won a very good race cleverly, if uot easily, from Pilgrim, who 1 fancy, stole a march upon Preston, just beating Mr. M'G ill's borse for secoud money, oil tbe post. Most of tbe run ning was made by Merrijig up to a mile aud three furlongs, where the Warwick horse looked all over a wiuuer ; but when Preston and Yately, in succession, chal lenged him, he gave way to nothing, aud took no part iu the liuai struggle. Time, 2m. 43; sees. The totalisator was well patronised, between £5000 aud ftiiKW passi ug through it to-day. SECOND DAY. The attendance on the secoud day was very small compared with the crowd ou Thursday, but for au oll'day it was about up to the average. The 'morning was cloudy aud dull, but though a few showers fell, there was uot enough downpour to lay tbe dust, which was very bad all tbe way to Eagle Farm. The opeuiug event, the Spring Handi cap, 6 furlongs, was booked a good thiug for Yately, who had the welter weight of lOst. to carry, but many fancied tbe Gympie horse Havelock, whose dead heat at the last meetiug was uot forgot ten this time. Ormoud, who at 2 years old was almost invincible over the dis tance, met with some support, but Pres tou was comparatively irieuaiess juagiug by tbe totalisator, which shewed compa ratively few investors. Havelock, with Merrvjig on his quarter, made running at a good pace for nearly Jive furlongs, wbeu Preston, Ormoud aud Yately in turu passed the leaders, aud the Ipswich gelding coming into tbe straight witb a clear lead, kept iu frout to the eud, and wou witb something to spare in lm. lS^s. Ou tbe streugtb of bis Thursday's dead heat, Elastic iu Maritaua's abseuce was most fancied for the second Selling Race, aud he continued tbe first day's running by beatiugthe lot that opposed him tln-n: but there was new blood iu to-day'.- :., of somewhat better class, in tbe shape of Fairy Queen, aud the despised Carlyle, whose maiden victory over a smart field last May, represents tbe colt's real fern more accurately than does bis later slovenly ruuniug, tud the last uaiued wou by about three parts of a length from Fairy Queeu, a very smart Capitu lator mare, with the steadfast Elastic, who bad made all tbe running, a good third ; tiuie, 2m. 15Js. oue mile aud a quarter. The winner was put up to auc tion immediately after the race, aud bought iu by the owuer, Mr. S. Holmes, for HI guineas, au advance of £ 4 Is. ou bis entered selling price. The colt is engaged in tbe St. Leger, aud stands a good cbauce of carrying oft' the Bed Rib bon next May. Drummer was a very firm favorite for the Hurdles immediately tlie weights appeared, and remained at tbe bead of quotations till the flag fell, despatching tbe small field of five to a good start. Friction and Whitestockings led, iu com pany, for a mile and a half, when the 'exhibition horse' was done with, aud Drummer, who never lay out of bis ground so far as on Thursday, began to go up. bu( 'le scarcely got on fair terms with Friction till they cleared tbe last hurdle but one, Mr. Baker's horse land ing some couple of lengths in frout of tin heavy weight ; but before reaching tbe fi rial jump Drummer was half-a-length to tbe good, and though tbe oair were iu the air almost together the light weight gradually fell bell i ud , leaving the gallant son of Drum Major lo come home a clever winner by two or three lengths, in tbe very fair time of 5m. os. fur 2' miles. Friction did very well, and iu another season or so will hold his own witb tiie best of them over timber. Intense interest was taken in the three | mile Australian Plate, for which almost every one of the nine ou the telegraph board was supported at longer or shorter | odds. Mr. Durack was pretty confident about Quamboneson, 'fearing nothing, but Medusa,' about whom Mr. Fiunle maintained that inscrutable reserve of inauuer which always mean mischief; ! Mr. M'Gill fancied Pirate more tliav Preston, thougli Quirk leaned to elder brother, aud chose to ride liiKj j„ preference lo the younger. Pet'onel's l,l.H l,oon .,lm„-t damned by his ignominious defeat in tbe Goulburn Cup at the hands of the moderate Tbakambau, as. well as by his 'bad last' ill Thursday's Tattersall's Cup, and ' the pony ' was almost friend less. Adamantea had many supporters, but Pilgrim was not much fancied,' and the light weights, Sundowner and Yabba, were generally voted 'hopeless.' Iu the interest of Quamboneson and Pirate, Adamantea and Preston cut out the ruuniug, with the lightweights in close attendance, Quamboneson in a good berth behind them in company with Pirate, Medusa and Petronel in the rear. No material change of order occurred, except that the light weights dropped ? me* ior i wo inues, wnen Quamboneson went up, followed by Pirate, to lake tbe place vacated by Adamantea, but. the pair were virtually beaten by the effort, and, though they ' kept going,' were unable to diminish the lead held by Preston, who remained well in front, going as strong as a lion ; at tbe half-mile post, however, Medusa aud Petronel, who had been gra dually improving their positions, simul taneously moved forward, to an accom paniment of cries ftom the enclosure, ' Mhdusa ! The pony !'' but though the two were clearly gaining oil tbe leader, tbe stern chase was a long one still, and Preston still maintained a slowly dimi nishing lead. Turning into the straight, however, the gallant old mare got to his girths, and heading him at last, looked like coming away by herself, but here Petronel also challenged M'Gill's horse, and, passing him, went ou in pursuit of I Medusa, on whom Blacklock never i moved, until, warned by the rattle of tbe 1 pony's hoofs, of impending danger, bo shook bis whip iu tlie last few strides, aud lauded tbe 'everlasting chestnut' a win ner by a short length, In 5 mills. 41 sees., which is very good going, for though First King and Coiuiuotiou won their 3 miles iu 5 mius. 26 sees., the record com pares not unfavorably witb the uverngo of any race down south over tbe same dlstauce. Grand Flaneur's 3 miles was won in o mins. 4S sees. (. M First King's (second championship) in o mius. 40 1 sees, and Coriolanus's (witb Oomuiotiou be hind him) in 5 mills. 40 sees. The race was hardly a true-run one, however, between Pirate and Preston, who is clearly pounds ahead of Pirate over any distance (though Mr. M'Gill appears to have entertained a contrary opiuiou) and had Pirate been sent to make play for Preston, I cannot help thinking the latter must have beeu about wiuuiug. As it was be ran a very fair third, after mak ing all tbe running, under the top weight but one, aud his performance without doubt stamps him a great horse. A trnr»H nc t-\ nnolifxr m»/l n foir one numerically, went away for tbe Bracelet, for which Yately, notwith standing bis 12st. 131b., was backed for most money. Drummer bail a very large clicnfilc, but good borse as be is, so long as tbe gray stood up be could have no show with him at a difference of only 91b. in his favor. Tlie other starters were Privateer, ltlst. Oib. : Ormond, lllst. 91b. ; Fairy Queen, lOst. Sib. ; Malvern, lOst. 71b. ; Laurel II, lOst. 41b: Orphan Bnv, lOst. 41b.; The Staff, lOst. 41b. ; and Kil dare, Ost. 131b. Orphan Boy got tbe worst of a good start, but, unnoticed, worked his way into a berth wide of the others, where be waited upon the leaders — Malvern, Ormond, Fairy Queen, who cave way at the quarter-mile post to Kildare, Yately, and Laurel II, who came into the straight almost abreast. J? airly iu the ruu home Yately drew clear, aud appeared to have the race iu baud, when the unexpected 'inexplic- able' violet and gold of Mr. J. A Allen's Orphan Boy flashed into view on the outside, aud Trihey, overhauling tbe leaders, caught theruat tbehalf distance, aud cutting them down gallautly in a couple of strides, went in a clever winner by half a length, the mile aud a distance being run in 2in. os., a good record at the weights, being at tbe rate of about 13 7-01 h sees, a furlong. Kildare was third, Fairy Queen fourth, and Lionel II or Drummer fifth. Immediately aftvy the race two protests were bunded u\ one against Orphan Boy on the ground that Tribey was a professional ridf.-r, ihe other against Yately ou similar g rounds. The committee decided tbe protest against Orphan Boy in fav-.,r of secoud horse, Yately, who \v.ls declared the wiuuer, aud tbe totalizator paid ou tbe grey. The protest 'against Yately, which had been duly todgerl with the proper authority, w:is overlooked for some reason or another, never having beeu brought before the committee until after the Yately dividend had been juauici was settled J. have uot yet beard, and until I do I refrain from comment. For the Flyiug Handicap, YaMy handicapped at lOst. 61b,, had a devoted army of followers, though the weigh-* were all in favor of Havelock, 7xt. 1011 . aud Parody, 7st. 41b. ou tbe former's ruuniug iu November witb Yatelv, aud on tbe filly's secoud to Uralla 'for tbe V.R.C. Oaks. Though the public seei ned to overlook tbe Gympie horse in t heir hurry to follow Victorian form, or the fortunes of the ,rey, not takiug into neeount that if Haveiock's ruuniu^ witb him iu tbe Q.T.C. Flvinir Haudicnr . true, aud there was no reason to dii'.ibt it the little horse must hold Yately perfect I v safe at the weights. During the race Marglierita fell, but neither she nor her rider were damaged, and after passing the post Latona was brought to gri.et by a dog running between her legs, ami throwing her down. Her rider was badly hurt The affair is easily described, for Have lock jumped away with the lead, kept it all the way round, and shaking off the successive challenges of Parody, Latona aud Merrijig, won easily bva leugth from the \ ictorian in liiii/i. *45.1 sees. Mr. Harrison's victory was greeted with a round of cheers for Gympie aud 'tbe little horse's plucky owuer.' Preston rau third, aud showeil what a great horse he is, as brilliant as .tie is euduring. Au appeal has lieen lodged with the secretary of the Q.T.C. by Mr. J. A. Allen, owner of Orphan Boy, against the deci sion of 1 at tersalPs stewards, whodisqua lifted Orphan JJoy. It will lie heard by the Q.T.C. committee on Wednesday. 1 be protest against Yately, 011 the grouud that Frost, his rider, was also a profes sional will be heard tbis (Monday) after noon by the stewards of Tattersall's Club. It appears that the latter protest was lodged duly witb the proper person, wh 0 forgot to mention its existence to tbe -- ,p. wards until after they had dec Mprt against Orphan Boy and ill fav nr lately. [Should Yately be disqu' .liiieil the first Bracelet will go to Kilda the second to Fairy Queen, v '....m fourth. Whether Laurel II, ? ' r)runl. nier, wno ran, or is said to bay ,r..„ (:r(h will get tbe third trophy, » s An,',|-trnl' Drummer I did not seov eigb bui on y!1, Ul','h Jtalisator 'paid y,i k ^ 'bV l'or if he be dis ^Ifi l erB of KUdare tickets will o aim pay(rient- Seme of tbe Kil ivere torn UP. which is so much in fa'Vor of thecluo, but many were I r.'* bein£ picked up, will f ® l ^'ented by Tom, Dick, and Harry ,or f.sli on demand. Altogether it is a May 'Jood Dikkstiun wait on Appetite say* .Sliakij'pe;ir-', hut ' ^ood digCBtion ' will never w*it upon hii'i br -i-i , and it is Lic reh ire of tbe x leati-f-t i in porta' I crt hnt in making bread or:e fcliould uso unly iliufce li-avenin^ amenta which h.ive acquire'! r reputation through Irj'ijr ijc-; in ho iprhol' is riirnni/hout the woild Foremost, htnopcr.v. ihnsc must be reckoned ' r.orwic':1- Gol'i Mc ]Hi k'ikint.' J'o wrier,' which ha'] ntoo I the t';s: i i uvciy climate of the world Get it, nse it, And idd your tehLiroonv to that of the million a wh i urainti it. hjiall o.'iPiTA lists wifltung t r Establish a BueinebS sir juld ;e if there ib an ofjening for a Mineral Water Manufactory in tn'cir district, All information and rcceiptn for the purpose i makiD.fr Lemonade, .Soda Water, fee., is jriven lirevjijuH knowledge is not necessary The demant J for these drinks is ho much on tb^: in crease,, in all parts of the world, that thcou tlay for th c machinery iq all cases leads lo a p reli- able and syfr; hufiineRs, Catalogue for\v:u 'led free , or can tw; h^... at the olfiee of this paper on ttf/vavn of In. — liAiin-eTT «nd Kostkk. ii'joi-h 2-!0. Forston street. London, N. ? Jhosth. — An attempt is lining made in the ? old country to revive tl \c belief in visitants from another world, and i uanyarethe wonder ful stories that fill tome o.' the journals'. The speptical mind is, however, Inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley *8 ghost : ' How dr, I know that you arc not a hit of undi^e&tef; i bread ?' for, of all the ghost producers, a biu ,f ' heivy' brcid is Lhe most j oWnt. It is a wo* j. der, therefoie, ;hat people do not adopt t -je surest spell fcL'aiiist ghosls 1 v usir.g llorwic -'e Gold Medal flakine I'owder in making brer ,d ; for, although it won't 'rail c ghosts,' it ? will rinse bread iu the. mod* a dinnahle faah ion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him, and vni-y good houAewiHo hujn it,. 