CAULFIELD— Br "Mozart." The largest attendance at Caulfield to wit nets the work dene assembled title morning. The sun rose bright end clear, end the oourse proper, which is in capital order, was again available, some real good work being the re sult. St. Lawrence, Acolyte, Welcome Jack, Lord Exeter, Honeyde w.Yelio w Jacket, Scaramouch# and Girofla arrived yesterday, and, aa will' be seen herein, did useful exercise. This morning work commenced with Lady Ash ton doing a strong round outside the hurdles. Lord Chancellor and Don Giovanni strode along for five furlongs. Real Jam and Boswortb galloped onoe round for good work. Parody did a mile at a useful paoe, Gasalier striding onoe round. Master Pineton. accompanied by Astronomer, put in a serviceable round. Muter John and 8t EUen'apnrted half a mile, Plvmpton doing half-p%ce work alone. Nicholson rode.Honejde with Yellow Jacket for a companion useful atriding work. Vision bad the servloe of O'Brien and wu accompanied by Bammago on Mozart for a mile and a half for ueefnl gallop. The ion of Napoleon wearing down nia companion. This horse yesterday with Grace Darling and TTrara covered the Cap distance in alow time, the mace not being asked to gallop, leading Mozart home. Uara apparently being beaten five lengths from home. „ Blink Bonny and Hippogriff covered tha Cap distance at a good working gallop, then after wirdi cuntorad and bruohea home from the half mile. Lisette put in good work on the sand. Gubitrner, Sparkle and Moislfaoe, ran sharp five furlongs. Kingship put In good vorkovern mile. Lord Exeter, who bad keen anxiously looked for, put In a strong round, and did not by any meana create a favorsbls impression. Primus ran a strong five furlongs. St. Lawrenoe, Acolyte, and Weloome Jack f alloped in company over a mile and a half, the ormer having tbe best of it all the way. The best gallop of the morning wae done by Velocipede, who moved over the Onp distance, Chandos, and GeneralGordon/ leading him at different points of the journey. He Is in rare l.ucklr, and ran his mile and a half In good time, finishing strong. Melodinueran a sbsip six furlongs. Grace Darling did a round for serviceable work, in company with The Ghost. This mare is very fit. Lando accomplished five fnrlosge. Garibaldi and Solo brushed homo from tM half-mile, tha former, being steered by King, ehaping a lot better tna ' < ' lately. General Jackaon did a brother to Saoarr Oculist, Morquio Of t> 1 >": mild exorcise on the o - " R "j being put through oo< 1 Carnitine strode >«u8 r worii. Munxmtn and Dsl -t: '. ' t Meerschaum did a stiwu furb' Too Too, the bast of tha light weights at Coalfield, put in o good mue and a half alone. This mora la titawaghly aaaoantd, and looks blooming. Wuverly, Looia, and flnhamlaa faraahedatoag throa-quartora of a mile, tha two latter finishing togatimr. Union Jack did a oeeCnl mad. the hnw is rimwi,,,, „ lot of i,n,)rvrtl,Pljt Viljl. " put in strong five furlong. I.uui!' Hertlu Hci Joes, and Ondflv hnii n spin over n lialf' uiile cise?1 Mountain Lur did goo.1 uxor-' a"'"d j""' " 1 WMilnavin. Tl .If 0 f'tonjr nd Y»" Hammer a mil. Th. j jmlnB hon,e th# lMl h»" mi1'. wtnrh.1l?"?1 ' ,r0nt' Wt "low. and Coo-I'T Boy » 