iftovelfst. , DAN LYONS-DOOM. By : WAIF WANDER. :? CHAPTER V.— (Continubd.) . My God I' murmured' that wretched being, as ho got up aiid weut away past the growling dog, ' Burely my punishment is too great I ' ' Tho children both rose and stood looking aftor tho priest's retreating form. Neither of them had heard hi3 despairing 'ejaculation, but they could see from tho unfortunate boiDg's gestures that lio was in creat pain oi somo kiud. , I 'He must bo very .ill,' ? the gontle little girl said. ' Is that a clergyman ? ' aBked Daniel, with a heavy frown over his fine, and yet angry eyes. ' I think so. Ho is called Father Jame3, you know Daniel, and don't you seo his . dress ? ' 'I know nothing about liis dress ; I never saw a priest before, -but I know one thing, and that is that whoever that man is he is a bad one.' 'Oh dear, liow can you tell ? lie was a little rude I think, but ho looks ill, and siokness makes people short-tempered, mama says.' Thoy resumed their work on tho grave, and were silent for some moments, nnd it was Daniel who broke tho silence by the; abrupt question. , . ' -Resignation, did you ever see a pictnro of Dan Lyons?'. : 'Oh no 1 why do you ask that?' tho child asked, as she again lifted her oyes and .rested them on the boy's face. 'Because I should like to know exactly what he was like ; you know . something about it, don't you? I've often asked mother to desoribe him to mo, but she only turns her face away from me when I do. What was ho liko Resigna tion? What kind of fnce had he ?' ; ' Mama has told me,' was the reply in a low voice, as tho little girl glanced around with a shudder ; ' and I often dream that I . am looking in his bad face. He was a tall, stout- man, with a fat, red face, and great coarse hands and feet: He used to drink awfully, too, and was always bad, even beforo he. killed my poor, darling papa.' _ ' Of course he was,' Daniel observed de cidedly,' and Dan Lyons was big and fat — oh?' ' Yes.' , , ' I wonder what became of him ; the police novor got on his track.' Oh no, I hope he is dead.' 'I hbpehe ia 7iot I I bops I shall see him dio by iriohes I' ? Eeaignation shook her head. Daniel's face was flushed with passion, his hands were clenohed, and his grand dark eyes seemed to . sointillate. . It ia so strange that you should feel it so,' thegirl declared, ' Mama often remarks that if it had been your own father who was killed you could not havo hated his murderer more.' ' That is true, I could not.' Again thoro was a short silence, again broken by the lad. ' Designation tell mo about a sensitive tilant : what ia it ?' ' A sensitivo plant I Oh, it is a plant i whose leaves shrink and oloso at tho slightest ; touch. Why, Daniel ?' 'I wish we could get one nnd plant it here,' replied the boy, laying his hand just over where tho heart of tho dead man -had once rested, ' and then if Dan Lyons dared to put his foot near this, tho loaves would tell us.' ' I'm afraid they could not do that, Daniel,' Eeaignation said with a little sigh, ' but God will tell us, bouio day.' .'Aye, ohild, God will tell you some day, but it will be bo near tho moment when you Bhall seo your father's face for the first time that the horror ot the knowledge shall bo overwhelmed for ever in the brightness of an everlasting heaven.' And that wretched being, who had ruahed away from the gravo, with hia hands clenched and an awful horror in liis oyes, opened tho gate and went outside tho fenco of the en closure. Whero was he ^oing? Ho did not know himself at the moment j anywhere, any whero away from the presence of those chil dren, and tho vicinity of that gravo. Ho sat down when he had gone a little way down the hillsido, and bent his white faoo into, his hands ; but that did not hide from bis hidden oyes those staring black letters on the white stone— 'Vengeance is Mine; I will repay, saith tho Lord.' Thoro was tho rustle of leaves and grass around him, and tbo twitter of birds over his head, but he heard only the ' words llesignation St. Horriok had repeated as her mother's : ' As suroly as God'a sun shines in the sky, God's vengeance will over take Dan Lyons, tho murderor.' Father James Bat there for some time, and then ho suddenly lifted his head and looked up nt tho pure, pale-blue, sun- flooded city abovo him. Was lie thinking of the Great First Cause, whoso dwelling our human veneration looated high above tho olouds, whether they float abovo tlio far Eaat or tho far West ; tho ioy North or tho frozen South ? Was he doubting tho possibility of a prayer reaching tho foot of the Great White Throne through that pelluoid other that was as brass to tho prayers of the unrepentant sinner ? Who may tell ? But — ho got iip as suddenly aa he had seated him self, and drained a little llask he had in his ' pocket ore he wont on his way with a deter mined step. . Ho muttered to himself as he, wont, strange . words' that but hinted wildly at tho secret ha carried. ' I will bo a coward no . longer ; it is tho only ohanco or hope,' were some of the wordB that dropped from liis pale, drawn lips. ' I have oomo all theBe miles to do it, and now that I am hero I dread to speak. Nonsense, BhoiB but a woman after all, and if Bhe denies , mo I cannot be worse than I am.' It was toward a 'pretty cottage at the very outskirts of the township that DiB Bteps were V- . ... turned. It lay in tho midst of enoircling verdure, and facod tho creek. Whon one oroBsod tho little bridgo that oroBsed Roban Creole thoy stood nt tho gato of the eottago, on tho vory threahold, as it wore, of tho garden in front of it. This oottago wns tho ono Mr. Pollard had built for the widow of Colonel St. Horriok, nnd ho had dono all that was possible to givo brightness to tho homo of tho poor lady whom all pitied ; but he had failed. How is it that tliero is a something always viaiblo in ovon the outsido ot a houso to hint at tho feolingB indulged hy thoao who inhabit it ? Tho garden of tho ooltago was nontly kept, for llesignation and her rough friend Daniel Griffiths spent much of their timo in it, but tho vory flowers woro chosen for their sub dued tints. Thero wero no flaunting colors there among tho green frealineas. PorliapB tho principal reason that glaring and gaudy colors wero avoided was tho fact that every thing at the cottage was cultivated with tho ono idea that at somo timo or other, in blosflom or plant, must go to doeorato that Baorcd gravo of tho husband and fathor; In no garden round Marranga woro seen auch lovely wliito and yellow and pale blush rosea. May and jnamino and honcysncklo, and grent pale passion-flowers made . beautiful' tho trellis work of the summer-house and drooped from tho vorandah. ? In their season tall, white Easter lilioB stood sentinel over tho bods aa did that white stono in tho cemetery ovor tho breaat of tho murdered man, and the Guelder roses, big balls of clustering blossom, floated in n sea of greon loaves noar tho pale blossom ing lilao. Into this garden of palo, pure flowors stepped that black- robed man with the hollow eyes that wo know as Father James. If his henrt boat hard and painfully there was no outward evidenco of it as ho knocked at the door under tho shadowed verandah. Thero waa no sound to tell of life in that still houso. The windows in front were hung with dark colors, and there waa no floatingbreeze blown lace to give lightness and grace to the rooms within. When Mrs. St. Herrick's great trouble fell upon her life sho accepted it a3 full and complete as though no aun ever shone on God'a other gifts, at least, for her. When she opened the door to that knock, Father James'a oyes rested on a woman as white-faced aa himself, and with robes aa hopelessly black. She was young, at least comparatively so, thirty-two or threo yoars old perhaps, and she might havo been beautiful once, but in her features there was no trace of gontle Resigna tion's sweet features or expression. Mrs. St. Herrick's hair was dark and her eyes grey, but every feature was hard and cold and bitter, for sho had never forgiven Fato for the cruel blow that had stricken her life's idol from hor side. If I dared to say it I would hint thai sho had never forgiven tho God who . had afflicted her, and yet, strange anomaly, she had borno aweet, patient Eeaignation St. Herrick. When she atood before tho man it waa with a hard questioning face that did not change until sho grasped his errand. ' I am Father J.imes Brady, tho now tenant of St. Herrick's, and have some business with Mrs. St. Herrick.' ' I am she,' was the reply ; but she made no movement to admit him. ' I havo come on an errand of such moment that I am sure I need not apologise for re questing an interview. I have como to you at the request of that unhappy man, Dan Lyons'.' 'What?' 'It is true, madam ; .1 have come from him.' . ? ' ' Oh, heaven I has the time come at laat ! Shall I seo my darling avenged at last, at last I' . 1 - Sho had seized bis arm with no_ gentle hand, and was dragging the. priest into tho eitting-room while she was speaking. ' He has been caught ? He has given him self up ? He has confessed ? Ho is con demned ? He will die ? Come in and . tell me all — all 1' He fell rather than sat down upon a chair rear the door, and lifted his hat for a moment, only however as if to relieve himself of an in tolerable burden for one moment, for he re placed it instantly. Mrs. St. Horrick had, however, seen the tonBure, and it was to her a confirmation of her dearest hopes. ' Yes, you are a priest,' she added excitedly, 'you have seen the monster, and he has con fessed to you, and you bring me tho glorious tidings.' ' It is a mistake,' the visitor replied in a low tone, as his eyes remained riveted on the carpet at his feet. ' It is true that Daii Lyons has confessed to mo, but he is far away in another land, and iB not a prisoner.' 'Not a prisoner I You know of his crime, vet the murderer is free. You then aro an accomplice — a villain of as deep a dye as Ban thb acoursed himself 1 ' ' I am a priest,' the man replied, in a voice that trembled in spite of him, ' and I received tho confession of tho man under tho sacred seal of the confessional. I am here with tho words that unhappy man has put in my mouth to speak to you. Will you listen to them ? ' ' Yea, I will listen.' Mrs. St. Herricks sat down opposite Father JameB with her oyes full of the strong deter mination that was a prominent point in her uharactcr, and hor heart was beating with a wild. hope. Oh yes, she would listen, and with auch acute oara that not ono oluo that might trap tho Bpiller of blood . should escape them 1 ' I must tell you his story — tell it to you from tho moment when ho fled from Mar ranga.' . . ' From the moment that he knew my poor hoaband had written, denouncing him with lingers that wero stiffening in darkness and death I Go on 1 ' ' Well, he fled. He had means, for in the very instant the falling earth in the claim shut in St. Horriok's face, he saw gold in :thining piooes in tho soil around him, and secured enough to take him far away from the scene of his orime, nor was it exhausted when ho came a repentant man, to the monastery of whoBo order I waa a brother. ' ' Where was it ? ' the widow asked, as hor breath came thioi. ' It does not matter. It was 'on the Con tinent, and Dan Lyons- gave the brothers his .gold, and beoamo one of tho brotherhood. For years ho lived an incarcerated and self denying life in that monastery, only to grow thinner and whiter, and more bony and haggard with each day, for he had not con fessed his orime, andhiB sin lay like lead on hie soul. ' At last ho plucked up courage, and he confessed — ' ' ' To you ? ' interrupted Mrs. St. Her riok. ' Yes, it was to me, and oh, the tale he told was awful enough to Boften the hardest heart — even you, againBt whom hiB Bin waB greatest, would havo pitied tho wretohed being, had you heard tho story of his Buffer sufleringa. 'Ill pity Dan LyonB 1 ' She aotually laughed aB she stared in the priest's face, a laugh that was as wild as was a laugh within the oell of a maniao. 'Yes you would,' ho oried angrily, and | then she noted for tho first timo the smoulder ing fire in his ieop-Bot eyes, ' you aro not a rook or a stone, you are a woman, and you must feel I ' ' Yes, I feel,' Mrs. St. Herrick exolaimed, 'feel that if I oould save Dan Lyona from , eternal torture by lifting up my fifiger I should out it off, leat I should lilt it in my sleep. Who nro you who asks a woman to' pity her husband's murderor?' ' Linton yot,' tho priest wont on, but both hia pallor and tho firo in his oyoB woro inten sified as ho saw tho unforgiving passion in the widow's face, ' you know tho man's sin but you do not know its punishment. Thero is not n living being bnt tho man who spoaks to you now that knows what woro tho last words your husband spoke. Shall I toll them to you?' ' Yos, tell them.'' ' Thoy woro these : ' If you leave mo hero to-day, aa you seo my faco now, you will soe it at tliia hour every night until you die your self, and your own death will bo worso than mine — ayo a hundred times.' ' ' My husband said that ? ' 'Yos, and tho ourso has boon fulfilled. It was after sundown whon Dan Lyons loft him thoro to dio alono in tho collapscd olaim, and ho'did not dio until aftor midnight.' ' IIow do you know? Oh, my God, how do you know that my darling suflorod bo long ? ' ' Beoauso from sunset to midnight for nearly twelvo awful years Colonel St. Her rick's faco is betoro Dan Lyons', oyes. No matter whore ho goes, or how he hides, it is thoro, always thoro. Seas liavo beon between him and tlio dead man's grave, but that faco is dear and fresh as though the real face had not mouldered to dust years ago. Oh, think ot that wrotohed man's misery and pity him now.' Father James might hnvo been pleading for himsolf so earnest, so craving, so pleading was his trembling tones. With his thin white fin gers clasped as in prayer, ho bent forward, and, with groat tears in his awful eyes, begged for pity on tbo far distant man who had blood on his hands I ' Was it my pity ho sent you all those thou sands of miles to ask ? ' the widow said with a sneer. 'No, it was for your forgiveness, andjin the name of that Christ wo both worship give it to him ! ' ' Never ; if my own salvation was tho for feit I should not forgive Dan Lyons I Go man, you aro mooking me I How dare you ask a widow to forgive the murderer of her husband.' Ono moment yet, oh listen yet. A holy man has told that wretched man that the moment ho receives your forgiveness ho will cease to be a haunted man — oh, for tho mercy and charity and pity ot Almighty God, forgive him I ' '.You are madl' she cried, as sho rose and pointed to the door ; ' you are a mad man and I am a lono woman — go ! I heard that you wero ill and I am sorry for you, but I did not know you wero a lunatic or I would not have admitted you. I shall toll no one of this absurd visit, so you see I am merciful, though I would not forgive a monster.' He rose and faced her. 'I am not mad,' he said, 'and I have only delivered Dan Lyons' message. Once more is your answer no — yog will not forgive as you hope for forgivoness? ' ' Never I Havo I not said it? I am a woman, but I could see Dan Lyona tortured to death and rejoice in the eyos that enabled me to see it 1 ' Father James looked steadily into, tho ex cited woman's flashing eyes, a look that sho never forgot and that punished her for her ? hard heart until the light of life left her own oyes. 'I have beard your answer, and now listen to Dan Lyon's words. ' If she refuses, tell her that what sho haa Buffered in tbepaat shall be as nothing to what Bhe shall suffer in the future— that I swear before high heaven I ' ' If Dan had been swearing liimaelf ho could not have looked more terrible than that black robed man I Aa he lifted his thin hand up with the oath, Mrs., St. Herrick fell back on her seat scathed by the terrible look in his eyes, and Father James went out alone, brushing the palo flowers of the garden with the skirts of his blaok coat and wiping his feet on the threahold as ono who leaves a curse behind him. CHAPTER VI. . TIIE KOOOET CULM. Let us'Bupposo a gap of two or three weeks between tbo opening of this chapter and the oloBe of the last, and note a few of tho events that had occurred during thoso weeks. In the first placo Bhaft No. 2 in the gully had been oleared out, rigged with a^windlasa and other digging gear, and a company of four, formed aB proprietors, though but two of them were working partners. Of tho four of course Tady and his master were two, and the other two were Charlie Ellis, the favorite young trooper stationed at Marranga, and a young man named George Ciark, tho son of a farmer in the vicinity of the township. In claim No. 1 a great deal of work had also been done, but there was a great deal more to do. For one thing tho No. 1 workings had been originally far more developed than any other opened in the .-gully, and had, at the time of tho murder, and in conaequenoo ot the murderer's displacement of Jhc props to ef fect his purpose, fallen in almost from the surface, bo that to enable tho mining to be resumed on tho original plan, a great deal of olearing-out work had to be done. While his brother Conn, and'other engaged men wore occupied in this work, Father James had been almost entirely confined to hiB room, and no ono could doubt hia illness who looked into his face. There was a dreadful warfare going on in that miserable man's breast— a warfare that Nora never onco waa aware of or noticed, that' Conn, saw but did not quite uhderstand, but that Mrs. Brady watched with a keen eye and a purpose deathly and vindiotive. He wandered around the gardens m tho dusk of evenings, avoiding his kind as though the sight of a human face was hatoful to him, and moro espeoially did the Bight of his mother act upon him in tho strangest man ner. He would Bliudder if hiB eye met lier's, and turn away hurriedly sometimes, while at others he would moot her look with one bo awful— so full of white, threatening anger that sho would hasten away with the foar of Bhe dared scarcely think what 'in her hard ened heart. In the dead hours of night, too, there were Bometimes heard shrieks aa for meroy, and ahouta aa of triumph, and groans as of a deathly agony, nnd whon those of St. Herrick's heard them they were wont to cover their heada up in the bed- clothes, and wait for silenoo in fear and trembling. But St. Herriok's was far from another house, and no hint of these disturbances had as yet leaned out ior noia, wuu wuu iuu uuij ignorant ono of tho family, was a heavy sleeper, and easily terrified by a hint at ghosts ; bo thoy had little trouble with her ; only Tady, her lover, felt the troublesome effects of the- ghost rumour, for Nora would not meet him after dusk for nil his bribes of ribbons and cheap jewelry, and he was work ing so hard in the day time that ho oould not Bnatoh many moments to gladden hia little eyea with a sight of hia darling's face. One brilliant morning, when the sun's rays wero sparkling in tho waters of Creek Roban, like a rain of diamonds, and when every loaf and flower soemed to havo retained all the freshnesB of the sweet dew, Leonard Prosser mounted his horso and rode the short distance between 'the Marranga Hotel and the Mar ranga Police Station. Hia destination was the latter, for during tho time that has elapsed since I oloBed my last ohapter, Leonard had formed a sincere liking for young Trooper EUiB, who had by chance be ' v.;- - ' ~ ' . ' V' ' ' ?? „ / come a partner in',No. 2 olaim with Leonard Prosser. As tho young Irishman rodo up to the sta tion, Charlie Ellis led his horse out from tho stable by a aido gato and brightly greeted his now friend, and if ono had called a parade of all tho 'mounted men' . in Australia, they could not have pioked out a cleaner-limbed, a better mado, or a- handsomer-faced momber of the corps than Troopor Charlie Ellis. No ono ever oalled him ' Chawles.' You could not fancy auch a thing, looking in his bright, open, boyish face. lie was Charlie with evory ono, and, as I have said beforo, a favourito with ovory ono also. ' My word, what a killing swell you aro thi3 morning, Charlie I' said Leonard, as ho drew his horso up, ' whoever gets your breeches up deserves a testimonial.' ' Yes, Prosser, I flatter myself they're a good fit,' -Enid the young ohap as ho soanned his handsome limbs, ' but as for being a swell, you must remember that it is not every one who can afford to dross as carelessly as yourself.' 'Is that intonded for a rap, Charlie?' asked Leonard with a smile.; ' well, I believe I am rather careless, but ish't this tweed good enough for this occasion, eh?' ' You know I don't mean that, Proaser ; I mean that your appearance ia always that of a gentleman, no matter what you wear, while I must bo natty to bo noticed at all.' 'Oh, auch'appareut modesty 1 I thought you wero abovo fishing for complimonta, Ellia? I am certain that you know aa well as every body else that there ia not a haudsomer young ohap within miles.' ' I know I'm not bad looking, but I envy your inoherj, and your broad shoulders. I'm suohfa little chap, Leonard.' ' Do you call live feet eight little?' ' Well, yes, I do— for a man. Do you know that Miss Clark is five feet six and a half.' Leonard laughed pleasantly, and poor Charlie's faco grow rosy as a girl's. ' That was a slip at any rate, my dear fel low, and so it is in comparison with Lfiss Clark's inches that you aro disgusted with your own? Now, do you know that I Bhould. much prefer you medium longth of limb to my own ?' ' Would you really ?' ' Yes ; and Jadies, especially tall onea,' ho added, with a aly glance at hi8 companion aa they rode away together, ' alwaya like men of medium aizo best.' 'Hum — I hope it may prove so in this instance, for to tell you tho truth as a friend, Proaser, all my future happiness depends on Fanny Clark's opinion of roe.' ' My dear fellow, you have my very best wishe3,' and the hands of the two young men were olasped, ' and I think that as she is a young lady of taste there can be no doubt as to the result of your hopes.' ' But look at my position, Leonard. How can I ask any girl brought up as ahe haa been to become a policeman's wife? The very name ia enough. If tho claim would fulfil Tady's expectations now, thero would be somo chance.' ' Let us hope Tady will be a good prophet then, if only for your sake, Charlie. You know I care vory little for my own. I have enough for comfort, and have no craving for anything beyond' what my income will afford me.' ' Lucky fellow I' exclaimed Ellis, ' and you have never fallen in love, yet?' ' In love ? oh fifty times ! I have boon in love always ever sinco I can remember until' within the last few years. I think I must ?have used up all my allowance of what is called love in my sohool days, and so have none left for my yoars of discretion.' 'What is called love?' Charlie repeated. ' Don't you believe in the feeling, then ?' ' I can't from personal experience at least,' replied Leonard ; ' for the feeling that did dul^for love with mo was ao inconatant that it seldom lasted longer than until oircum atances brought me in contact with a new face. But talking of tho tender pasBion now, there's an instance if you liko in my friend Tady Connor,' and the speaker threw back his handsome head and laughed joyously. ' Is the d ? fool in earnest ? ' asked Charlie, with disguBt. ' In earnest ? I should think bo I He is thinking of Nora and nuggeta from morning until night, and from night until morning, too, for he mutters ' me darlin asthore machree Nora,' in hia dreams, and fancies he is stringing nuggets to hang round her 1 bew'oheful neok ' — oh yes, he is in earnest — quite ! ' ' Ridiculous 1 ' oried the young trooper almost angrily, ' a man of hia age and appear ance!' ' Be merciful, my dear young Adonis I ' returned Leonard with a Bmile that showed his strong white teeth undor his ' glossy moustache; ' must one be handsome to have a heart ? I assure you that poor Tady has one, and a warm and true one in spite of hia disproportionate shape and funny limbs.' ' I don't doubt all that, but at liis years ono might expect sense enough to hide any ridioulous exhibitions of hia folly.' ' I'm afraid Tady does not think suffi ciently of appearances,'.' responded Leonard with gravity and a sly glance at Charlie's ' cords.' ' . ^ 'In ono sense he does, quito enough, retorted the young 'bobby' with some heat; 'I'm sure when he dons that blue suit with the brass buttons his airs' of con scious self-appreciation aro sickening I and besides how can. he feel anything for a girl liko that ? ' 'Is Miss Nora Brady not so lovely and loveablo as poor Tady imagines her then? You know I havo never seen her.' ' Nora Brady is a lump of a girl without, I do believo, ono ounce of brains. I don't believo I ever saw in my life a creature bo unutterably Btupid and.animal-liko as she.' ' She is no favorito then, Charlie? ' '.Not of mine, and I detest the whole family I ' Leonard looked wonderingly at hia com panion. Himself of a calm and oven temper and an unoxoitable temperament, to Mm tho strong feeling exhibited by Charlie Ellis was a matter of surprise. . ' I had business at St. Horriok's one day,' the young trooper went on, 'and had an opportunity of seeing something of theso Brady's. Mrs. Brady espeoially haa ono- of the worst faces I over saw, and it thero was any underhand and hidden law-breaking going on in Marranga, I should be inclined to look for a oluo to it u'ader tho roof of St. Horriok's.' ' Talking of St. Herrick's, that was a sad [ thing about Colonel St. Horriok's murder. :t T nrafn Cl YinlinOnlflTl T fchiftlf f sll nn 1 H feel deeply interested in that orftno, oBpooially stationed here on tho spot.' f (To he continue ^.) , ?? ( 