THE DAM PIER DRAMATIC SEASON. Shakespeare's tragedy '* Hamlet" was produced at the Royal Princess '1 heatre last evening for tlia purpose of giving tlio local theatre-going public an opportunity of gauging Mr. Dampier's abilities in the higher branches of his profession. Though at first inclined to doubt the wisdom of the decision, wo wovii glad to have the opportunity of witness ing an artist of such an established reputation in an impersonation of the fascinating character of Hamlet. The result proved that the doubt was uncalled for far as Mr. liampier'a acting was Cvsieemed, for it was all that the meat critical could desire, but ho ws.5 scarcely so well supported by tiio company as usual, several of them not being well up to their parts, while in one or two instances the characters were conspicuous failures. But these were in minor characters, and the perform ance would have befrU of a very enjoyable charac ter, h^d it aot been that it was so inordinately pjeiongod, for despite the fact that several ssenes ware omitted, the audience was not released until close on twolve o'clock. The theatre was well filled, and the applause, the bulk of which was provoked by Mr. Dainpier, was of a hearty character. Mr. Dampier's Hamlet was a render ing marked by a most intelligent grasp of thff truo spirit 01 the diameter, and we have not often had i.x\ opportunity of witnessing a. superior representation of the part. Tho solilo quies who admirably given, and tho various do oUmiliory passages were marked by splendid elocutionary effect. The next greatest succes3 was that of Miss Katlierine linssoll in the part of Ophelia, in which sho made up charmingly. Out side these there were no instances of great bril liancy. Mrs. Edmund Holloway did very well as the Quean of Donmark. Mr. Stonoham's King. Mr. _Ma roll's Polonius, Mr. Percy's Laertes,• Mr M'Kenzio's Horatio, and Mv. Holloway's Ghost wero all fair performance^ but in most in stances want of sufficient study was shown. Mr. Leston's First Gvavediggei; was oxeellont, but some what marred 'oy th,o poorness of Mr. Marshall's second gravedigger. Tho other characters wero not hac^y placed,. i Thy evening- "The Phantom Ship " will bo vr^~ ; sented. We are pleased to notice that awing to [ tlio substantial support accorded them, iha com pany, which is characterised by a goseral excel lence, will stop in Sandhurst another week. 