.C01OBES OF MELBOURNE. (h ' To? GHoST.) The long expected declaration of war has not taken place yet, and at present it appears as if it had been postponed, as the lawyers would say, sils die; but the dark cloud is still hanging over us, and may burst any day. The fact is that neither England nor Russia is ready. Both are, however, arming for the struggle which now appears almost inevitable, and while the arsenals and dock-yards of the mother country are resounding with the din of preparation, the Russian ships are hurry ing to the nearest shelter they can find. Under any other Minister than a Glad. stone the crisis would have come long ago. But just as Maworm " liked the despised," so the gentleman who at present is chief adviser to our Queen prefers to be in sulted and befooled to taking a bold stand. Had the British lion shown his teeth and claws at the outset of the quarrel the Russian bear would not have run the risk of provoking his ire. The Muscovite has everything to lose and nothing to gain by fighting. Diplomacy and statesraft, which translated into the Russian language mean chicanery, :deception, and lying, are the weapons which have done such good service in the past, when pitted against the bluff honesty of John Bull, that it is not in the nature of things that the Czar should be anxious to resort to any others. And so it happens that even at the eleventh hour Russia may be able to obtain all she desires without having recourse to the arbitrament of the sword. Without the expenditure of a single pound of gun powder he has occupied Khiva and Merr, and annexed Turkestan. In all probability iIerat will become a Russian fortress on tihe same easy terms, unless, indeed, our good friend and ally the Ameer Abdurrah man takes his own part, and forces Eng land's hand by resisting the aggression of General Komaroff and his army. Then there must perforce be war, for mean, cowardly, and despicable as he has proved himself to be, not even William Ewart Gladstone could see his ally attacked with out lifting a hand in his defence. The delay in the connuencement of hostilities has enabled Victoria to get ready for any hostile visitor that may feel inclined to test the metal of our guns and our citizen soldiers, and a fortnight hence, when the south channel fort is armed, the west channel blocked, the submarine mines and torpedoes in place, the electric light at Points Nepean and Lonsdale in order, and tihe beacon lamps of the Queenscliff iight houses extinguished, the most nervous old lady in the colony will be able to retire to rest without any dread of being awakened from her beauty sleep by " the hoof of the ruthless invader." The dread of a Russian attack seems quite to have thrown into the shade tihe small-pox scare of last week. Yet of the two the latter is a far more formidable foe. Perhaps more would have been made of the case had an adult been smitten with the disease. As, however, the sufferer was an infant, very little sensation was caused bhythe appearance of the epidemic. As the too confiding damsel extenuated her faux pas on the plea that the baby was " only a very little one," so the small-pox visitation loses munch of its interest from the fact that it only attacked a very juvenile menmber of the community, and has since been pronounced not to have been small pox a. all. Complaints are still loud and general respecting the management-or rather the want of it- on the State lines of railway. Punctuality is the exception, and luggage porters unless " tipped" are uncivil or in visible. A darkness that may be felt per vades the carriages, and second-class vehicles are still, on some of the lines, made to do duty as first-class carriages. In substituting the Commissioners for the responsible Minister we have jumped from the fryingpan into the fire. It may with truth be asserted that no one is pleased with the change. The Minister and mem bers of Parliament are not, for they have been denuded of their patronage per quisites ; the employes complain loudly of certain acts of injustice, and the public growl more loudly and generally than under the old regime, when Anderson was king and reigned supreme. It would not be at all surprising if when Parliament meets an effort is not made to revert to the old order of things. Evidently Mr. Speight and his colleagues are "a mistake." Official blundering is proverbial; but it maybe doubted if even greater stupidity was shown than is, at the present time, being displayed by the gentlemen who manage our militia force. At a time when the cheerful co- operation of every able bodied Victorian is required, for the sake of saving a few miserable pounds an act of dishonest meanness has been perpetrated which stamps its authors as champion bunglers. The militia officers, aftorpassing their preliminary examination and being gazetted as "on probation," were natur ally undler the impression that when at the completion of the probationary six months, during which they performed the duties appertaining to their rank, they would, on passingtheirlfinal examination, receiveotheir pay. Instead of this being given them, their demand is met by the military au thorities with a refusal to give them even the allowance to which, as privates in the ranks, they would have been entitled for attendance at drill. Thus does Victoria, at her time of need, encourage her citizen army. The controlling power of Parlia ment in session is sadly needed to keep Colonel Sargood and Iris staff from disgust ing the force they are so grossly mismanag ing. The head of our defence force should assuredly be a man with "a soul above buttons.' Is Lieut.-Colonel Sargooad that man P There can be lbut one answer, and that a decided negative to the question. Contrary to general anticipation, the Malpas v. Malpas divorce case has ended, after occupying the time of the Court for twenty days, in a verdict for the peti'ie ler on all the issues submitted to the jury, and the pronouncing of a rule nisi by Mr. Jus tice Higinbotham. The learned Judge was careful in delivering judgment to lot it be known that he did not coincide in the decision at which the jury had arrived. Notwithstanding that tihe costs of the trial amount to £6500, there is some talk of again reopening the whole question by a noew trial, which, if applied for, will mnost probably be granted. So large a "wash" of dirty linen has not for years taken place in public, and it will be a matter for regret if the entire "lavage" has to be done over again. A good fat allowance in theoshape of alimony to the divorce may perhaps have the effect of staying further proceedings. Politics are for the nonce as dead as Queen Anne. In proof of this assertion the recent elections for Avoca and Man dnang~ can be adduced. Both parties claim the ucneslnal candidates as their v'eryown, and as both Mr.1-Bourchier and Mr. Hfighett won their seats as Liberal Conservatives, it would be hard to say to which side victory has inclined. One thing has been made plain-the coalition lhas killed violent politicians. ,r. \Yil. liams, a ci decant "ad'vanced" Liberal, is, in sporting parlance, nowhere on the Man durang poll, the electors in his case revers ing the proverb, and preferring the devel they don't know to the one they do. The Avoca constituency have enriched the Treasury by £50, by giving DMr. WV. Gaun son only 70 votes, nud thus causing him to forfeit his deposit. Six times has the aspiring candidate undergone the came costly experience. When he does get into the Assembly-if ever he does-his first year's pay will literally come out of his own pocket. It was hardly a wise move on the part of Mr. William Gaunson when, some three years ago, on the oucasion of the general election, he threw up a snug Government billet of .£350 a year for the chance of a seat in Parliament. Can he ever have read the fable of the dog with the bone and thle shadow ? 