; " jYETF ZEALAND. FP.OH OCT OWX CGKItERPOSUENT. WELLINGTON, 2lsr Setters tot. Thoso whose lot it will hcrcalter be to write tho history of representative institutions is these colonies will fl d much that is carious is the annals of' New Zealand. When they come to describe the proceedings of her Parliament, especially within the past two or throe years, flicy will di cover plenty of material for nn in teresting and amusing chapter on the subject of party government and the excessive lengths to which the constitution is not unfreqnently stretched in order to gratify party and even personal ends. No better illustration of this can bo afforded than that which the later events of the present extraordinary session supply. The House, as you already know, declined even to appoint a select committee to inquire into the offer of Messrs. Mciggs and Sou, of London, to construct the east and west coast railway. Then, acting under pressure from the Canterbury members, the Government plncccl£150,000 on tho public works estimates, with a view to the fine being proceeded with as a colonial undertaking. Finding there was not a ghost of a chance of this first instalment toward; a work which is estimated to oust £3,000.000 being agreed to, the Canterbury member; urged the Government to make it a Ministerial question on pain of losing their support. This tho Government refused to do, aud their Can- terbury supporters at .once set about devising means to prevent any money being voted for the construction of any other lines in the colony. With this object they allied them selves pro tempore with Major Atkinson and his party, one of whom, upon the motion for going into committee of supply, moved that tha public works estimate; should bo reduced by the sum of £500,000. The mover dis avowed any intention of moving this amend ment in a hostile spirit, and Major Atkinson and others of his following also declared that tho proposition was not meant io embarrass the Government, but merely to reduce the rate of expenditure which, in view of tho finan cial condition of the colony, could not bo allowed to proceed any longer for the present. The Government, taking the Oppjsition at their word, wonid not accept tha amendment as a vote of no-confidence, but on the contrary, intimated that they would leave it to the House to do exactly as it pleased in the matter. Without attempting to le.id the Honse in any way, the Government allowed it to drift about like a rudderless vessel, and after a three days' debate of the dreariest kind, Cap tain Russell's amendment was carried bv 44 to 29\. Upon going into Committee of Supply, Major Atkinson tried hard to force the Govern ment into leading the committee by proposuig make in the aggregate the £500,000 which the House had previously affirmed the estimates should bo reduced by. Mr. Stout was not to ho caught, however, and the Government simply threw the estimates on the floor of tha House, and declined io undertake the respon sibility of stopping the public works of tha colony to the extent which the reduction 01 the estimates implied. The Opposition then rea lised the awkward position they had got into, jmd one of their members thought to rescita them from their difficulty by moving that pro gress be reported, so that the Government might take hack their estimates and remodel them. Mr. Stout ut once nnnouueed that the Government would treat this proposal in the light of a want of confidence motion, and no sooner did lie do this than the Canterbury member! changed iront, and informed the Atkinsonians that they would immeaiatly sny good-bye to them if the motion to report progress was not withdrawn. They of eourso withdrew it. and in tiie eyes oi tho country the responsibility of curtailing tho expenditure by hnli a million was cast upon the Opposition. Supply was gone ou with, and by five o'clock in the mormog re ductions to the amount of £323,500 were effected. At subsequent sittings of the com- j niitteo of supply further reductions ' were made to tho extent of £181,500, thus leaving £1,030,000 at the disposal of tho Govern- j ment for expenditure on public works daring t tho current financial year instead of £1,600,000, S Sir Julius Yogel protested vigorously against the striking out of the East and West Coast railway and the reduction of the vote for the '5 North Island trunk line : bnt all liis protcste- tious were In vain. The committee were seized with a fit 0! economy, and hacked tho 1 estimates to pieces. The Treasurer pointed t out that if New Zealand made a halt in rail- | way construction it could never hope to com- | pete wtin tne omer coioaies in ine proamnion oi wool and cereals ; but the voice which was ouce so powerful in the New Zealand legislature had lost all its influence, nnd his warnings were altogether disregarded. Tha Canterbury members had their revenge. Know- ing how utterly hopeless it was to have tha East and Y,est Coast Railway undertaken as a colonial work, they combined with Major Atkinson and liis pjrrty to prevent any railways being procoecded with in other part? oi tho colony. They nscd Major Atkinson, and, having accomplished their ends, thev havo dropped him nnd gone back to the Govern ment. There was nothing constitutionally wrong in what they did, bnt thev have established a precedent which mav entail incalculable mischief on the colony. Hither,", log-rolling has been done octside the Loose and in secret. Now it is carried on in open dar, and on the floors of the House iisefi. la future there is nothing to prevent anv two sections of the Honse (say Otago aud Auck land, for example) combining for the most sel fish purposes to the detriment of all oilier pans of the colony. Major Atkinson has lent him self to a proceeding which will henceforward lie charged to his discredit, aud in trying to in flict a blow UDOn the Government, be has only injured his own political reputation without damaging his adversaries in tho slightest uc- gree. The effects which the reduction of mo public works estimates will produce will not bs felt for several months to come. All comma! which have been let will be finished, und. ot course, czpeuditureand employment of labor will go on a3 usual, but no new tenders will bo calivl lor, and I anticipate that next , winter will bs a very trying one f .r tho laboring cmyi. Already many of them are taking alarm, aud rock as have funds to take them elsewhere are lea, inn for Australia. New South Wales is ihe prin cipal attraction, and numbers are leaving lor Sydney by each boat. The other day a hatch of fifty artisans left Auckland for thai port. It is not a promising thiug to find those who have been introduced to New Zealand at the public expense seeking homes in the adjuimng colonies, but such is the immediate effect which the stoppage of public works, except those al ready undertaken, has had all over the colony, and " as times get worse the exodus will of course assume greater proportions, Air. George Augustus Sola, piloted by ths " much-travelled " Mr. Sinythe, has been pay ing a flying visit to New "Zealand, his exenss being that he has to be hack in Melbourne to describe tho Cup for the principal ; Australian papers. If his descriptions of un, i colony are no better than those he has wrmc« j of Australia, then we shall lose nothing if ther J| are never printed. It is the general opinion | that if his " Golden Fleece" articles hod beta 1 written by an ordinary pressman, instead oi g G.A.S., his employer would bare brought tha B engagement to an abrupt termination. Mr. H Sola lectured to a crowded house in Auckland, H | and then made his way to Wellington, when H he lectured two or three times with great sac- | cess. At tho scat of Government his aged | uot taking the precaution to telcgrsjn g for lodgings, Mr. Sala was obliged to sleep M g the steamer the night of his arrival, at winch g he was not a little incensed, no doubt thinking g ihst the hotelkeepers would break their nects g in the race to secure such an illustrious guest 9 But they were not so enthusiastic as it was er- g pected they would he, with the resnlt airway g recorded A couple of days afterwards he tit g made much oi at Parliament Honse, wherta E luncheon was given in his honor, the Speaks I of the Legislative Council occupying tho chair, v and the health of tho guest being: proposed, fa I novelty's sake, by Hori Kcrei Taiaroa, oaeia I tho three Maori members in tho upper branch I of tho Legislature. Mr. Sala lectures nest w«» I in Dunedm, and he afterwards returns to no- I lington with a view to lecturing two or tbres I times at the Industrial Exhibitipn. A » l| I hi lecture hsretMh trail - '"'I 