feYElTltfGB AJfD fcO&NESHJS; THE BUSH. IS BT " PBOTBTBB." [The game and the gamesters—InBtinotive antipathies—I don't mean to tell what I don't know—Wist moon rules the tides of the heart—Gossiped—Hatred at first rfght-^-Evetyone likes to win—How Mrs. Gwyder became a card player—(Jetting rid Of « superstition—Tbe mow rose mystery —The gaslight mystery—The Trinity in the human soul.] Ii vh Mr. Westerman's lead, and I will remark that, without any reflection on his character as a man of the nioeBt fhononr, I seemed from the first to assume it secretly between myself and myeelf that he would promote Mre. Gwyder'e interests generally In the game fct tie expense of mine, if the fatalities of play afforded him an opportunity. Of course, lie would aot in any emergency that might arise strictly under the law and la&otion; of Judge Hoyle; hut, even so, he would not allow me to gain a trick if skilful casting of his cards could hinder. I know not, and therefore cannot tell you, under what subtile influences the waves of sympathy and antipathy ebb or flow in the dark cavity of the snb-peotoral region—the emotional Hades of the soul—in whioh the oardiBO forces are deposited. I have never been down into the imide of anyone, and oannot dearly describe it bat I have never seen. But as in the visible sphere there is a lunar foroe to . whioh even the deepest recesses of the mighty earth-engirdling Ocean must submit, and rise in foaming billows, or subside in playful ripples, or spread itself eut in mirror-like smoothness as the controlling power directs, so may there not be a psyohologioal moon within us which rules the heart tides, and chafes them into foaming billows of hysterical paseiou, or chills them into icy streams of hate, or soothes them in to a peaceful expanse of smiling slumber f I am not bound by \- any bond to explain the unexplainable mysteries of anyone's interior—why tbey love, or why tbey abhor, or why they neither love nor abhor. I thick people like or dislikeBO much at random—they rejoioe and are sorry eo often on no rational grounds; tbey smile , or frown from z>o intelligible oause; tbey goBsip you or extol you, or blaoken yon or whiten you; they pick you to pieoes behind yourbaok, and puty ou together atrainpalaveringly before yonr face, from mere slanderous vaouity of mind, of whioh speculation disdains to probe the odious problem of the why or why sot. Butthieldofenow: that from the firstlook when our eyes met that evening I felt that Mr. Weeterm an instantaneously declared himself my enemy to himself—that (e, of course, within the limits of politeness and card - table deoorum. We read in Spanish history that the King of Spain for the time being was one day rjding in p grand triumphal procession, whendbtfn from h side street a tall, swart, Spanish cavalier of dubious rank in sooiety poshed bis way to see his sovereign pass by. This Spaniard had never before beheld the monarch, but in the instant his glance first rested cm the Mng's faoe the cavalier conoeived a spontaneous and homicidal animosity against his unoffending prince, and in the self-same instant—as he afterwfexde ©oBteteed—be fetotved to BPflaBainate tbe king. I am sore Mr. Westerman had no intention to assassinate me; but I am also sure he did not relish me, not even when wo were reoalling the soenes of sohoolboy days and eohool companions at 11 Collegiate School, when his uncle was head master. The philosophy of sentiments so impulsive and to benevolent I have not perhaps snffi* ciently studied,' but anyone who wonld surpais me in its didaotios will find them very lucidly set forth in tbiB poetio formula :— I do not like thee, Or. Fell— The reason why I oannot tell; But 1 do not lite thee, Dr. Fell. Like, however, or dislike, it was Mr. West- «"nan's lead. ... There _ were »am three thma shillings akiiiSnm in and, as a general propensity, every , wishes to win, whether the 8take bn im a vrpuuuig w ling ting, .uigf vi or a jwuvkt, nobbier, w or H a BWb seat in 111 the legislative Assembly, or a copper at pitch and ton, I suspected that tt wis fait Intention that the lady should carry off the stakes,' and it wan my intention tbat he should «ot, if I could prevent him. Ha led with his ten of trumps, thus showing that he had no smaller oard of the suit, but held at least one oonrt oard la reserve, When Mrs. Gwyder saw the ten she paused a moment, readjusted ber oards, ana then played her queen of trumps. This was ft challenge to me as a test of the strength of my hand. Both to perplex her for a moment, and to retaliate upon her for her innocent little bit of coquettish acting, t also affected topaase, readjusted my cards just as she had \- done only to tantalize me, «tnd keep me in sus- pense as to what she would dp, and then very ' .gently threw down my king of tramps and took the triok, and then played outmy five of trumpB asfastasloould drop one oard afterthe 1 other, as much as to let the lady undestand that I wasn't to be so esfcily dfsoonoerted 1 wj by wum bold play « as nue she ongni might pernaps perha imagine. • On my ftve Mr. Westerman laid down the ' aoe of trump*, sequenced by Mrs. Gwyder's • sine. She waited until he had drawn in the oards, and then dtmlayed the knave, whioh gave her the third trick, so that for the aecond time the winning and losing wore equaL It was agreed that the stakes should ' tnenjM, %pppr$ropd, and as Mr. WestermaJi „ se sixpences Mrs. Gwvder f „knowwhat I eh !ti ** * bejruile you P" inquired Mr. "Justas the serpent always beguiles poor womankind," she .replied. " I stayin] with my dear, good friends at W6ilongon( and the children amused themselves wit! children's games in the evenings, and from watching them they coasted me on to play with them, and thus I learned the names <ff tbe whole pack. One wet evening a Frenoh gentleman came in while we were at tea. A oloud of dullness rested on the whole party, whioh consisted of eleven besides the French gentleman. After tea he said it only wanted a , 'JBU SB HOET to turn the dullness into flocpondenoe, an* put suioide into our henna. The eldefc children laughed at the dismal faoe he put on and the melanoholy shrug he gave bis shoulders as he spoke, and I was so rash as to a»k him what he meant by a jeu de won, for I had never heard of it before. ' Ob, he said, 'that is \ery good. I will explain. Emily will bring the oards. 1 will instruct you. We will to dull delightfully. After that we will have a oarpet dance, and you will be my vis-a-vts. Oh, we will make the-dullness delightful. I told him I did not danoe. ' Not danoe,' he cried, 'nor play oards! My poor little lady, howdoyouexistwithout sutsbreligious recreations all the oold winter through ? Does madame hybernate, like the rabbits in the Alps, and sleep all the snow months ? Now, he said, as the oards were placed before him, 1 Emily and John will be partners, and you and I will be partners.' I was dreadfully frightened, but I took the seat plaoed for me, and theoards were dealt, and then I found that the jeu de wort, or ' Game of Death,' was the English Whist, at whioh the players are to be as silent as death, and hence the Frenoh name for Whist. The Frenoh gentleman came many evenings afterwards, and was quite happy at my progress as his pupil. After my return to Sydney, an Amerioan gentleman initiated me in the game of Bosrow WHIST, and thus from, one game to another the Serpent tempted, and l yielded. My e<msoienoe by degrees ceased to rebuke me, and turned round in my favour—I seemed to be enlightened; and now a game at oards is a pleasant relief to me from the pressure of painful regrets and anxieties. 1 fear Mrs. Baxter, the Congregational minister's wife, and Mrs. Learoyd, the Wesley an minister's mother, consider me in a very dangerouB state as regards my salvationbecauee I play oards and dance sometimes in a quiet way among my friends; but I am no longer tbe slave of superstitious terrors respecting harmless amusements." " In two or three years more," I said, "and under good tuition, yon may, perhaps, be equally free from some more of yonr superstitions." "I hope," eaid Mr. Westernon* "you inolude tbe so-oalled 'Creed of Atbanasius' -among her superstitions." " Unit&xiauism;," I replied, " is a superstition to the Atheist. Superstition means believing too much. God is ' too muob' for the Atheist. How do you reply to himP ©od in One Person is as muoh a superstition to Htepel, or Clifford, oi Holyoak as Qod in Three Person*." " But these Atheists, as you call them," said Mr. Westerman, " weie driven into this insanity by the dogmas of tbe Gatholio Church, as set forth in her oreeds, the Athanasian inoluded." " Now,' I eaid, " you jmwt be jesting, because the names I have mentioned are the names of unmitigated Protestants who were as guileless of oreeds and of Catholicity as you. The; were the descendants of those Tfrho had protested against and renounced the Catholic Church two or three hundred'yetirs Ago, and who, while so protesting, actually retained the oreeds as the only sound principles of Christianity." " But, about the Trinity," said Mrs. Gwyder; " settle that point before you go on to any other." " Mr. Westerman," I said, "has been teaching you that the Athanasian Creed lays it down as an article of the Oatholio faith that the Three Persons in the Godhead are One Person. He might as well teaoh you that ETHXEJS lays it down as one of hip axioms that the three sides of a triangle are three triangle*. Now, Euolid was never so mad as to lay down any suoh axiom. Euolid teaches that in one triangle there are three aides, and you have only to look at a triangle to see that the thing is as he teafAtev It 4b stiif-evident. In every triangle there are three sides, no more and no less. It is Mtureofa triangle tohave three sides. Well, it is in tbe essential nature of Gfod to h^ihrte'distinctions or Persons, and these three distinctions are not three Gods, but onlyOne God, and the name of this One God is Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, by which name He is known and adored by tbe tfathoKc Church, and into whioh name all Christians ate baptised. Not three names of three Gods; but the threefold name of the One true God. What you<w*nt is to have THB Gjbcpxqisjhbiom of the Three Person* 8M0e so plain to your human comprehension that yon can, as it were, see how it to. Iwiltglve you something nearer 'to your htuid -on whioh you may exercise your reason. You have there in your button-hole a very beautiful but tiny MobsBosb. The bndding jbwer U red. the pow is green, and If Voti titaft off the rind jou will find that the ttent is white, *«f "fte(<e three oolonrs or qwalltfaat-in that owfiasll — v j.—=• — waterswhich extent enabled me to wMn.to yopjlho mystery of the most fioly 6nd Trinity. Here in this one rose you have t>ie tWee distinot oolonrs of red, green, and White originating from liquid which w of no oolour. Explain the quomodo, tbe Jteu> of th floral fact before you venture to demand an explanation of the three irpomoira appearances, distinctions, or Persons in God. And there is another mystery as olose to you as that of the rosebud on your breast. THB GASAT.TKB over our heads has three burners. Each gives out its jet of inflammable hydrogen eras Yet there are not three lights in thA room, but only ont light. Can you analyse this one light which fills the room where we are sitting, and assign baok to eaoh of th# burners tkat portion of the light whioh it sends out, and Bay with truth and certainty j 'This is your quota of the effulgenoe which irradiates the room' P No, you oould never do this. Tbe whole world's ohemistry could never separate the respective shares of lightj one from the other, vfrhicb the thre6 burner^ give out when onoe they have beeU inter-? mingled and fused. Three burner?. On<i light. Why not three ristinot and dis-; tingnishable lights as there are three differ-' ent burners? Take a oubio gaUon of the light and show me whioh third parfj oomes from this burner, and whioh third part from that burner, and whioh from this other.. You oan't. It is for ever beyond your skill or your Btiength ; arid neither oan you deny 1 the faot that there are three jets of gas, but? not three lights—thtee jets, but one light. Explain, thie. No, you oan't. Deny it. No; you dare not be so foolish. Why do you begitl with the mystery of God, whioh is the first and greatest of all mysteries, while thid least of all mysteries lays at your foot calling you to solve it, you who are suoh a potent; master of sciences and'enchantments? Del boys at school go on into DEOIMAII FRACTIONS : before they have learned how to work a sum in Simple Addition? No. They, leanii the lower and the easier rules of arithmetic) efore tbey go into the higher. Begin; where you sit. Explain how there are three' appearances, three colours, in that one rose, and how they oome out of moisture—water-j whioh has no oolour. Explain how three gasj jets burn, but only form one light. Ana then, when you have explained God's works of creation—explained the nature he has! implanted in them—then you may perhaps) be better qualified to explain God, the creator®, of them, who alone understands His own works." "You appear to be speaking," said Mr. Westerman, " of the phenomena of things, and science in our day has solved so many problems which were onoe regarded asj mysteries that we oan now place no limit to; its capabilities. Soienoe has dispelled many, illusions, and shown us that what was once! considered supernatural was in reality only! a natural result from a natural oause. Wej may ere long he able to decide with absolute certainty which property of a Spark has priority of existence fis it? springs from the flint. Instead Of beinfjj synobronouS, the qualities of Heat; Light J and Oolour may besuocessiVe developments.'] " But all that is only speaking in the clouds, j I replied. "It is all supposition, and is) valueless as argument. You oannot reason! from the unknown to the known. As illustration of the eternal oo-existence of threefold distinctions of personality in God 1 I called your attention to a faot in thel material world—namely, that in a spark struck from a flint there appeared threej things, Heat or Fire, and Light, add Colour, and that no one of these thfeej was before or after the other as the three! distinguishing properties of the Spark .j They all manifested themselves together.; The one WSB not born or produced before the) other. You oan conoeive of this fact. It i^ nothing against reason. It is a palpable^ patent, physical truth; an_ axiom ii natural soienoe; .athing eelf-evident. Unti you alter the nature of the Spark, it will eve: be what it now is. Do you dream thaw science will ever alter the nature of things n That is not tbe object or the office of gcietoce.<; Soienoe only professes to elucidate the law J of nature. With anything beyond nature science has nothing to do; nor can it evei| make nature anything but what it ».. Itj vrmiui, BBtu AIUD. WWJUTO, www nt have got more trinities to-night than Vfe j expected; and, as emblems or illustrations ofi the mystery of a higher and holier Trinity,! the trinities of things in the natural world' have impressed me, and I eeem to myself, to] begin again to feel as I felt in earlier days and calmer hours, for, after all, God, adj our visitor here has eaid, is the greatest of ail; great mysteries, and if we oannot comprehend how ooionnfes water entering in at the; spongelets or root-motithB Of the rose'"tree' beoomes developed into tbicee'disHUet odlouisi i& the flower—andwe Cttemot deny the tritos- Omtation—itieaHy tloeB Beemloae tfcat We may Btop there, for the threefold and 1 diverse transmutation appears to Warn, as . that it is presumptuous to : dogmatise on the infinitely more eolemn and nibliflMJ. secrets of the Almighty Creator's nature wh|le fWo are baffled by the operations of His . cr«ted works in every flowerof the garden. .Smtithine ana heat, light and air, may tovei^ jjart in the ptOMSS of trM^ttlrig ttfe water which the roee drinks into rp^ bnd, ««g green leal, ana white Ae&; but «ie mjJJwy renurfns all tbe «amfc. stid nne^laurtMeT" " Be^des thkr," T within yon a •wtnow^^oiii'Ulu^e^ the Athahastea A^OTjif" "'I believe H«ly 'Sbrigt® " and they tell me I have a soup^^ potest with a deep and Tfevfewft eerio8i«A« " Upon Mr. Westerman'^ tiMdfigias pies," I said, " von should Imtin. is " How so?" he asked; 9th June, 1865. 