Tnot'GH war lias not yet been declared, everything seems conspiring to make war inevitable; -and we feel that tho pause on tlie last movement is but the interim "bo- " tween the acting of a dreadful tiling and "the first motion." Both combatants arc making ready for flying at eaoh other's throats; and in England a deadly earnestness has at length token tlie place of the shift ing and uncertain mood which has charac terised the foreign policy of tlie Gladstone Government anil their supporters. Orders have been sent to the Governors of the colonies to put tlreir defences in trim, and the English commanders on the vari ous stations have been warned to keep their eye on tho movements of Russian ships. Happily we do not need any stimulus to remind us of our|dnngor, and of ilie duty of protecting the wealthy city of Melbourne from a hostile visitor. "Wc are not so well equipped as we might have been, but we have made or arc making the best use we can of tlie limited means nt our disposal, aud we lufve no doubt the Government are willing to receive any suggestion that may have tho effect of strengthening our powers of resistance. Tlie wisdom of their determination to increase the number of the permanent artillery has been aU-eady pointed out in these columns, and wo shall be glad to And that it is their intention to give effect to the proposal which wo threw out on Snturday for forming a perma nent camp or two in suitable locali ties as soon as ever the news of the de claration of war is received in the colony. The advantage of having our Jand forces under canvas in readiness for action at the first sound of tlie bugle, instead of leaving "it to the lire bells to ring them out of their beds and leave them to scrambletheirway tothe various depots as best they can, need not be dwelt upon. The public will feci more secure to know that the chances of miscarriage arc reduced to a minimum, while tho men themselves will be familiarised with their, duties and responsibilities, nnd be relieved of a good deal of the anxiety that is inseparable from a situation so entirely outside their ordinary experience. No cheeseparing consideration of economy should bo allowed to interfere with putting their courage and their energies to the very best uses. Their comfort and their safety should bo caref idly studied, and the strain upon their physical powers be made asliglitasisconsistcntwith tholifeofasoldicrin the field. Apcnnanent- encampment would do all this for them, and at the same time it would prove nn invalu able school of discipline and instruction, even if they were never called upon to quit it for the scene of action. Nor do we think that public feel ing will be disposed to stop at this expenditure. When the proposal for sending a contingent to the Soudan was adopted in Sydney, the , people of New Sonth Wales at once (started a patriotic fund, to be devoted Ho the maintenance and relief of the widows and orphans of those who fell in battle; and we can hardly suppose that lithe people of Victoria will grndge a simi lar boon to the brave men who may he killed in the act of defending their own shores. It is true that they will bo fight ing for their own hearths and homes, but the largest benefit will be reaped by the class who have most to lose. . Without any further preface, therefore, we hope to hcaj simultaneously with the news of hostilities having broken out that a movement has been set on foot by our leading citizens for starting such a fund as wc have suggested to be devoted to the purpose we have named. Tho Government will pay gene rously for any services that may be rendered to the country by the militia ; bat whatever the Government spends comes out of the pockets of the taxpayers ; and in the latter character the men themselves will help to defray the expenditure. They will not object to this, of course ; but they have a right to look to the wealthy classes, whose lives and valuables they may shed their blood in protecting, to provide for those they leave behind them without any protection ; nnd a voluntary contribution is not only the most gracious, but it is the fairest way of making the provision. IV e have much stronger reasons for doing in V ictoria what has been done in New South Wales ; and the sooner it is done the more cheerfully will our soldiers pro ceed to the duties that their country has sum moned them to discharge. Tlie best way to test public feeling on the matter would be to invite the Mayor of Melbourne to call a meeting of the citizens at the Town Hall, and if the proposal is accepted tho example should be followed by holding similar meetings throughout the country. Its patriotism would thu3 be thoroughly aroused, and every man who became a contributor to the fund would incite his neighbor by his example to do likewise. It is occasions like this that touch the springs of human nature, and, as Burke says, forge the cords that bind the race iu the common bond of brotherhood; and happily they come so rarely that we can afford to extend them a cordial welcome. As a mere investment, money given to tlie creation of a patriotic fund is well bestowed; for tho soldier who knows that his country will tako care of his wife and children should he fall in its defence will expose his life all the more ungrudgingly in the hour of battle. Tho English soldier is in tliis respect bettor off than his colonial comrade, for a small pension is secured to his family by the terms of his enlistment ; whereas no similar provision is made by law for our volunteers. For tunately, society is rich enough to make up for the omission, and it should bo only necessary to remind it of its responsibilities to elicit a willing and a hearty response. Under any circumstances the wealthy classes should contribute to the cost of the Defences, whether they are made use of or not. Notwithstaxdixg the critical spirit, of this scientific ago, scarcely a day passes that does not furnish its little bundle of proofs of tho apparently inexhaustible and in vincible credulity of poor human nature. Within the last week or so wc have, had the record of two incidents in Melbourne which would supply a sceptical philosopher with food for reflection for the rest of his life. The rostmaster-General being minded to put in force the law which enables him , to impound letters sent through the tost Office to the addresses of persons advertising themselves as fortune tellers and astrologers, it was found that the number of dupes who contributed their half crowns and half sovereigns to the private treasury of these impudent impos tors amounted to' some hnndreds, and that one woman alone had been known to re ceive as much as £10 in stamps in tho course of a single week. Almost simul- taneously with the exposure of this unex pected and not very flattering testimony to the gullibility of a society which plumes itself 011 its superior gifts, aud keeps Mr. David Blair to detect its quacks nnd keep its humbugs in awe, we hear of tho Spiritualists holding a cnti- vcrmzitmc at the Athenreum at which the public arc invited to come and see and examine for themselves n warrauted col lection of curios from the other world — locks of spirit hair, ghost woven ker chiefs, rare drawings painted by artists that 110 human eve lias seen, and letters written bv no human hand. We do not mention these phenomena. for the purpose of explaining them, of course. The ex planation is a very easy one so far as the fortune tellers are concerned, aud the people who live by offering to .Make fools believe in tliclr foreseeing Of ibitiffs before they arc in being. Though the Sidrophels of the present day are not quite such imposing characters as Lillie, whom Charles tlie First used to con sult in all his undertakings, or the still more famous Nostradumus, to whom Catherine de Medici took the yonug Henry IV. in order to have tho lines in his hands deciphered, we know tlmt they are clever enough to get at the purses of their victims without very much trouble : and as for the Spiritualists, Byron probably accounted for them when lie made Don .Ttinn say — It minister to (he sonl's ilcligiit In seeing matters that are out of sight. Their attempts to peep behind the veil are inspired by very different motives to those of the anonymous vagabonds who cast nativities and draw up horoscopes with the fear of the Vagrant Act before their timorous eyes ; but for the purpose of illus trating the width and elasticity of the public gullet they both stand on tho same plane. In their presence philosophy is dumb founded, and tho otii incredulus of the man of science is heard in vain. By the exuberance of their belief they help the argument for unbelief ; for who cannot conceive of the unbeliever — say Mr. .Jus tice Williams — protesting that it is idio to adduce tho antiquity of a creed or the number and respectability of its professing adhercuts as a proof of the genuineness of its claims, when the most improbable and transparent impostures can command their cloud of witnesses, aud show an ancestiy just as long. Tlie fortune-teller and the sortilege- monger had theirdisciples before Christianity was dreamed of, save in the visions of the prophets ; and though the spiritualism which dated from the Roches ter rappings is only a cult of yesterday, comparatively speaking, yet in that short time its converts number millions, and in clude among them some of the best intel lects of the day, and men and women of the purest lives, who court the most searching criticism, and whose faith, to all ap pearance, has survived it. To a very large majority of Christians their pretensions are simply preposterous and absurd, yet like Christians they res their pretensions upon tlie extraordi nary support nnd popularity they have won in the world ; and, for aught anybody can say to the contrary, they may in another eighteen hundred years divide society with Christianity itself. The believing faculty is not inconsistent with the presence of (lie critical faculty. Some of the keenest minds in history have been the victims of the grossest superstitions. Bacon believed in witchcraft; and we see by a very interesting essay by Mr. James Smith, on tlie super natural clement in Macbeth, published in the Victorian Review, that a man may be a member of the Shakspeare Society and yet hold a most unaffected belief in the objective reality of ghosts. This being the ease, there is no limit to the possible growth and development of superstition on the earth, to the shapes it may take, and to the number and character of the people who may be imposed upon by them. A\ e j sendSidropliel to prison, nnd we would if j wc could send Mr. Justice Williams to Coventry; while wo think of Mr. James Smith, who is really a very clever man, as of a harmless lunatic ; but wc dare say that tho culprits could all givo a reason for the fnith or no faith that is in them, nud would be just as ready to condemn their judges upon tho very same grounds that their judges condemn them. 