EUROPEAN & AMERICAS BREVITIES. (Detroit Frre Press.) Qoeea Victoria's private fortune U esti mated is be $30,000,000. Rn.fflum tm« treated Jumbo just as he hss the public ? stuffed hi'1, An 'English doctor recommends chloral for cases of cholera. One or the other surely ought to loll. A balf-teaspoonful oE sod* in half a cup of water will relieve sick headache caused by imiip«tirmr A fever patient is cooled off and made com fortable by frequent sponging with warm soda water. Lieut. Wykoff, just home from Japan, sayB life is a joke to the Japanese. I lived there five years, and during that tfrnft I never saw anyone angry. *' I threw a stone I knew not where,' is the fiat line of a recent poem. The authors name is not published, but there is little doubt but that a woman wrote it. ^Qie emigrants from Germany oversea num bered during the first seven months of this year 72,160, against 10,500 in the correspond ingperiodof 1884. The general idea was that England would voluntarily reduce herself to a seventh-rate power after that yacht race, but she has made no move as yet. Four *' i'ffi W tmh and 5200 callous of rum left this country on the «mmR chip to inter view the native Afnr-a.ii. We don*t see how he can get away from both. He project of making an inland sea of the great Sahara Desert has been revived, and capitalists wDl be asked to whack up 18,000,000 to make the sad waves roll. The Eskimos not only believe in a here after* but if any part of it was left lying around loose for a few minutes they'd risk their eternal frnppinfww in trying to steal it. Ella Wheeler WHcock jumps out of bed half a dozen times a night to jot down her poetic ideas, and the cuss-words flung after her are what ruifrra her poems so red-hot. Queer isn't it, that ladies should allow ih op-mi k°n to squeeze thwr feet, and *^*tprh makers to squeeze their ribs, while they at nn^ set *'y^ if a fellow squeezes then* Dr. JT. C Holland wrote; ' Drink has murdered my best friends, and I hate it. It tmrflpflft mfl with faitftft, axul I ^^wro*^ it as ft ''iiHiwii on which every honest raw-*1 should pot hi* bed.*9 Melbourne is cited as proof that the star of empire has taken a trip to the southward. The first house there was put up in 1835, and now there is a handsome city with fine parks and public .Tratitntio*w and 300,000 inhabi tants. Lady Granvflle Gordon has opened a dlress mmtfop gj^tm.h1iHhTnt*T^t. jji London, lit 18 thought that her example will not be uni versally followed here. 'The smallest book in the world,' as tie Boston Journal learns, ' is half the size of a postage stamp, and is an edition of the sacred book of tile Sikhs, belonging to the Earl of ChevreuiL the ^pjfbrfttfd chemist, it is said, cntn only two licht 'ipp-lw in twenty- four hoars and drinks nothing bat water. What an editor that man would have made ! Suffi a magistrate to an actress : ** Your profession, rnmj^pii^aglig »** *? Artiste.' ' Your age?' 'Twenty-two.' ' Usher, you can nor swear the lady to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing bat the truth. The ghost of Captain Kidd has been walk ing around Salem again. The idea is that a millifip dollars lie buried around there some where, and. that the ghost is willing to point out the spot for a fair whack or two. They are telling of a Christian lawyer in Boston who haa nnwwpri £12,000,000 in twenty years' practice. The Christian preachers who haven't amassed $5000 in that time ought to feel puzzled over it, and pro bably will. A great mimy p^ti q ? ^prI i a^* shillings, six pences, coppers, and one Canadian piece — were found in Jumbo's stomach by the gentle man having charge of bis remains. This is another proof of the intelligence and thought fulaess of the elephant. Jumbo was 'laying up, for a rainy day.' The Albany (Georgia) ?washerwoman who astonished the community by nnnnrmrting that she had named her twins Mary Magda lene and Virgin Mary has a good second in the Eldora, la-, woman who nm^ falT^ hers Gasoline and Kerosene. It is supposed that Gasoline is the girl baby. An Ohio paper Bays that ' a Cleveland bride faints at the altar just as the ceremony was cod eluded, because her hnsbaud started to lead the way in leaving the church. Such independence on the part of a husband at the very threshold of married life is enough to Koisuth has gone to the Alp?, and it now transpired that he was driven there by his poverty. For years the poor old soldier has beea deriving a precarious support in Turin by teaching the English language, which age and infirmity now compel him to abandon, but liLs sons, who hare a farm in the Alps, have gictfii him a homp and win take good care of h?'1! 