THE V. R. C. MEETING. The Cup Dat. by grace darling 1 It is all very fine of you 10 siy that I am a lucky girl to win tbe Ciulfield Can- but.. you ask either ihe boss or Paddv Gib, and they'll tell you I showed them a "go " good enough for anything, and made The Ghost give up over the last six furlongs; and both were certain tw T was a long way in it. The way .Williams got through showed he knew what he was doing, and the stable a lair stake, and I'm glad I put down that misnamed Britisher, for he is not a game one, anyhow. He fairly caved when I challenged him, and that's not like a Britisher anyhow, for obstinacy is a real Britisher's religion. The Mel bourne C!u p is tbe race of the year. Me ! I don't feel any the worse for my victory" but two ra les is a bit further than I've yet been ; but neither is there any reason why I shou'dn't get that jonrney as well as I did ihe mile; and a half ; for my pa, the Direr, could stay for a week and tho Sir Hercules blood of my mamma should ass'st me equally well over a Ion journey. You didn't wish to be personal Oh, you're quite excusable. I don't like insinuations, though. But, about Can D.av. Well. I'm told tlmt Hip \- ' — w— V-ULUIlUlHgg made no end of improvements in the ac commodation for the public, and quite right too, for it is the public that, bring ia the money, which brings owners, horses and'bootmakers together. The stand has heen (aone up and improved whprAwr possible; the accommodation for thelndies has been wonderfully improved ; refresh ments are arranged on theb >sfc possible foot ing, while the racing promise i to be better than at any previous meeting. Despite the unparalleled crowd whirk is expected on this occasion, there will be no f-iar of a repetition of the crushing experienced in The Assyrian's year, while the amount of rain which has tdien already this S9ason assures us of fine weathpr. and has rendered course and lawn like an rmerald carpet. Never before have I seen such verdure and sneh a wealth of bloom at this season of tbe year as is now to be found at Flemington ; while I'm told that the dresses . this year are so tasteful, yet bright, and will be worn by suck a host of bright-eyed girls, that tbe stand will resemble a living flower-show. Then on the hill the accommodation for its pairons has been greatly improved, and the whole ol the enormous crowd expected will be accommodated without crushing or confusion. All sorts of amusements are supplied to wile away tbe short intervals between the races, and while every comfort is provided at the refreshment-booths, those who bring iheir own comestibles can have every assistance and requisite to make their- picnic enjoyable, and visitors to the stand will see that Mr Straker has this year excelled all bis previous efforts in catering-. Tbe programme is a good one, and lias a noble entry, indei-d. Titf. "Railway Stakes Opens the ball, and here the cracks are slightly h-anrlicnpped to the moderate division by penalties ; hut as a rule the cracks win. But with Hnneydew, Moonshee, Ravensworth and Oakleigb, Isonomy, and First Chester in this, a most exciting contest may be antici pated ; and at a mile and a quarter Winchester might upset, tbe lot. The Kensington Stakes Then brings out a fine field of two- years-old. and as both The Nun and Maddelina are engaged, it shows that some rare quality will be on view, whilo The. Fobber, Halcyon, Dufferin, and Essie are to the fore. Oh, what an excuing time it is from the instant tho gong gives the si-jrnal that they aro away until the colors of the winning jacket flash . by the judge. The Hurdle Race Comes next.. I n this event the Agent heads the lisr, and I fancy that it is just possible that he, Royal Maid and Duration will all have a say in it, for Mr Barnard lias made a great handicap, and a rare contest may be looked for. What a host of clever horsemen over jumps we have in Victoria, and how the ladies love jumping events. Certainly Melbourne is the only place where jumping is sepn to perfection. .The Melbourne Cur Now promises to be the greatest race pvpr seen over two mbes in Victoria. Fully thirty-five horses may be expected to start, and each horse-owner and trainer is confident of victory. What will win I can't pretend to say, but know I will try, and with Lord Exeter, Prince Imperial. Stornaway, Sheet An chor, Kit Nubbles, Acolyte, and myself, a pretty race would result if all the res' wpre out of it ; but they ain't, and tho only advice I can give is to coma an sea it. And if yon are in the paddock, go to the rails when the Cap is beiog run, and as the horses tnrn for the abattoirs do yon tnrn also and look n tho hill, and as long as you live you never forget the sight as the faces burn like one man's, following the flying stee 8 in their fierce struggle for the palm o victory. The Nursery Handicap. Follows, and here sneh ->» host are pntred that they will take -an hour to look at. The Yan Yean Stakes Is nex% and this lias even a greater entrv, sixty horses having nominated. If this isn't enougb sport for one day for anyone, he must he a glutton ; and aS I hear Paddy coming with a feed of oats, I'll say good-bye, pro tern, as they say in the classics. 