NEW SOUTH WALES. ARCHDIOCESE OF SYDNEY. EDICT OF CONVOCATION OF A PLENARY SYNOD OF AUSTRALASIA. PATRICK FRANCIS, BY TIIB GBACE OF GOD AND THE FAVOUR OF THE HOLY SEB, AAOHBISBBF OF SYDNEY, METRO- POLITAN, ETC. To the Most Rev., and Illustrious, Archbishops and Bishops of the Australasian churches, and to all who by right ought to take part in a Plenary Synod, Health in the Lord. The Most Rev., the prelates of the Australasian churches, having signified to. the Holy See their desire that a Plenary Synod of all Australasia should be held, and this design having been .Bpprpved of by the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faitb, our Holy Father, Leo XIII., the Supreme Pastor of the Church on earth, by a brief dated 10th of June last year, and annexed to this Decree, has granted power to us to canonically convoke such a Synod of the Australasian churches, and to preside at the same as Apostolic Delegate. Wherefore wq, by virtue of the authority graclouslyjgranted to us, proclaim and summon a Plenary Synod of Australasia to be held in the cathedral church and adjoining buildings, of the city of Sydney, which place appears to be most convenient for all the prelates, this year, on the 18th of the kalends of December, which will be the Saturday before the Feast of the Patronage of the Blessed Virgin Mary, whose intercession for the success of our undertaking we earnestly invoke. As to the rest, this Synod will enable the venerable prelates, who have but one heart and one mind, an opportunity of enforcing the most wiBe decrees of the General Council of the Vatican, of correcting abuses, if any, in ecclesiastical discipline, of maintaining and encouraging Catholic eduoation and of promoting the Salvation of souls and the good of the Church. But that all this'may be done in accordance with the canons, we ask and require that the Most Rev. Prelates come to this Synod with their theologians chosen from the secular or regular clergy, and should they be lawfully hindered from being present, that they woiild sand procurators. We also request them to notify the convocation of this Synod to all their diooesans who, either by law or by custom, have a right to be present at a Plenary Synod. In fine, since- they labour in vain to bnild the house, unless the Lord build it, we pray and exhort the most devoted prelate* and the entire clergy and people that by prayer they would assist us and all who shall take part in tbis Synod, assiduously imploring the great and good God to send the Holy Ghost to illuminate our minds and strengthen our hearts, that all our acts and efforts being happily begun may be brought to a happy termination, in the promotion of piety, improvement of ecclesiastical discipline, increase of faith, multiplication of works of piety and mercy, so that those who are without, seeing these things, may glorify Our Father who IB in heaven, and be brought to the one fold of salvation. PATRICK F. MORAN, Arch bishop of Sydney. Given at Sydney, the 15th day of April, 3885. TotheMostRev. the Bishop of Dunedin. 