:"(GUILTY, OR NOT GUILTY " AN AUSTBALTAN: TALE..:i: . l3r EO. CUAiLtuES. (W ritten for ... aoalbur Hrerrald). ccsuAilcrai vs (cocrIscUED)s.' ..i.S':f' weeIaveo mwet at last;," hio said with somo bitternes; !'for ten weary years I lahive looked for ardito the possibility 'of this, m'etiog itli loniging hope bictsiow tlhat it has coree to pass at lengtli I feel that.,there isimmro': palnu than happieuessr m. it,? He paused for a moment and then added withl deep feeling : "Laura, must itbe'so ?mmust " mw;ob eet as strangers? or ino, as worse than '.stixangers; for no dcoldoness on equal that of those who have beenonce familiar and have become estranged. Must we be 'cold and ,,fdrnial antd shriok fromt owning each other "as though we were ashamed to do so ?" " No, Erio," said Lauia earnestly, " you are mist~etln; .I do not hnow what your ""felisigs ardbit lts for mo I should proudly acknowledge:you before the whole world if you ?woild let mo do so, But how could I kInow whethier yoi. wished me to owi our former - our former - friendship 2. And could' we do s6 without running thee risk of betxaying'the sccret which' you have desired me to keeIp sand wlihich I have kept all thesoe years agninust the dictates of my heart ,and, consCience; " · .- , " You are right'"' sid Erio svwil' a"ftes-n' ing of voloo and: manneor. ?i?'i, was unjuist and unkind to speak in tlhat Pyi'} :y'yic niust forgive me, Lacura, arid if y. o ocould know. •how your apparent Indiffor?nco .pained me you would understand howl I dould forget that"you cbnid iotV act in an y olioter w-ay. Iu the proeid~ic of slrigors ?doi i?eustideed' behbave as though w:o.had not mot :bofore, but when wbe a:nre alinftewo may recall ?ome of the old 'friridshlipuiinless ::ideid you. liiv?e forgotteni the past complitely"' Hie "'o0oliokr: at'- her flessliieng' downcast ':face in siloence fr ainomecitiand tlihu said gently, "." you linhave altered.: ver littlhi: ",' kitoW you "at oneo, wlhe I "mt you n. fone wiii-s. ago. :rou'dtmust ,have' thought it::strainge that I passed 'yion ivithout 'speakiiig,.if ,indeed you recognised me, for I believe .TI have changed! greatly 'linut I will tell you'now why I did' s':: I hadbtheen told tlhat you were aboutitt i ;be married (rtumour travels farisomb'tictme),' I felt that meeting you thus unexpootedly, :I could not speak calmly and, therefore Spassed without a word.", "I am not chlanged in any way" replied flanura, raising her eyes to meet his eager questioning look; "I was asked to marry, but refused. Ilerve suflfred as much as you from tho cold indifference with which we both disguised our feelings. I recognised you that day Erio, as soon aIs our eyes met, and when you passed ino without speaking I feared that you despised meo, 'id that you had no feeooling of affection left for nme." "Despisod you l" repeated Tiiurstan in a tone of surprise; " what made you think that ?" E Eric, was it not natural that I lchould Stlhink so? All thlse years I Ihave boon hliuntd by the thought that although I I-'followed your wishes, you might have felt thalnt lhad I boeen bravor and more resolute I wobuld not have done so. I hIavo told my self..that it was impossiblo that, in tlhe wrotchedness of your prison lifo, you should not havo blamed ume for deserting you in ,the hour of need, that the suspicion migiht havo arisen withini you of my selfish fear of oxposulro and terror of unploesant conso quenonces, and that you must haveo sometimes felt that instead of being a blessing to your lifo I had become its curse." -Ior voice fultered as shie spoke this last word, and the tears welled up in her oyoes. Thurstan moved neanrer to her, aud said gravely ." You talk wildly, Laura I You the curse of my lifo I Iow could you imnagine such folly ? What you did, or rather whast you :did not do, was owing to my express wis\h nay, comumand. Hlow could you tlhiink for a mpmuqout thait 1 should be so inconsequeut and cowardly as to blasmo you for assisting me in fulhilling what I considered a sacred duty, and which I hlave never regretted-no, not in the hours of my greatoest sisory. No, Laura, I have never blamed you nor thought unworthily of you; and in my darkest Idesolation the euomory of your devoted love was my only blessing. The hopo of soeeing you again, soime fr-off day, alono kept mo froin boecoming as reckless and hard0ned as the wrotchlied men among whom I spont thosed fonr terrible years." "Thank lo d for that," said Leaurcc, draw ing a doeep breath, cnd thlein soeing a deep teonderooss in his fac, hei added ihurriodly, you aro too geocrous, too iusollish to blamo me for doing you ian irremsediablo injury, hut L shall niever forgive myself for this sin of omission. I have loiged, ohi so eoarnestly, all these years to see you once again jus:t, to be able to tell you thi wholo truth, ancd you mn;lt listen patiiontly to iee now for few nmomentls. Ecri, . yielded to your wishels ten years ago, but tlhose wishies alone would not leaveo iuflollcced inoe hlad I boee difiereontly siluatited. lad you not writton that letter I boliove I would lhaveo come forward regardless of all consequences ,--had your life bien ic danger I know I slshould have bravecd all for your sake lhadi ycc ntterod the flintest wishil tlhat I shecIld do so nothing would hlavo kept me from standing loyally by you in thie hour of neeood; and had I booeen aloe in the world, had my sister not booen deponding on nmo for her hlappiness and futuro comefort, I would hlavo run oevery risk, even tchat of offeending you by disobey. Sing your conmmauds, and would hlave dreaded neither slmeo nor exposuro to save you from the consequences of your owni self forgetfunlcees. ]bnt as it was, 1 yielded to the tepltaction, influceced by my eauxicty for uny sister':s future, acid, persuadinifgi iSy tellf that I was only oboyiug your earnest ,dcaire, deserteld you whlen you meost ineededi me. Oh Erio, I cancect tell youc wlhat I :lhave scrff?cel since. 'The agony 1of self 'accusation ai.d remorse which I have on " ddtred has mado ms' lifo a burdon to m'e, iccel as tinl we'ot on In have felt more and moro thaIt it would ie icmpossible for Ino to lefrain from piroclcaiming the truth." "You will not do so, Ltecurn," said "T hutrstan with a look of suddenll alprohei since, "' ou mui t not, torturo youcrsslf any inoiot; res :iSSllcred tlchat ijl 1113' conviction yeou ere firc frl- Ilcs 3' Iey ulioe, cand that you cauis uleC'er cloc' e your afleinclion and regard foe' me better than by still selensitting to imy WirilcHes acl faithfully guardicg the socrot i' blich is btwooion you and me alone." " ca?unot promise to do thint," she said i?ii:?i to?e of sudden dotermination i "I feel that theo day must come when I shall be u!rged irrosistibly to stand forward and speak out boldly before all who care to know the truth; it is the only atonement in my power, and I mean to make it at at tlhe risk of in curring your displeasure." " I shall never forgive you if you do so," said Eric sternly, and a dark t]lsll rose to hia face as he spokeo; " you will do more lhirm than good by this folly. I desire no champion; I have become careless of theI opinion of other men. By trying to vindi cate my honour, you will undo all my work and will bring suffering to one dearer to mec than my life." I cannot help i!," she replied with something like desperation in her mauner; "I know I shail Iare to do it some ds'. I promise you to keep silent as long as I canu bear it, but I feel that the momentwill come when it will become impossible for me to keep silent any longer, and then nothing shall prevent me from speaking out." There was silence between them after these words. Her resolute tone and the exprdssion of desperate determination in her pale faco:e convinced Thurstan that all attempts to niovoe her from her purpose .would be fruitless, and turniig away with n movoment of ilmpaticnco he leant against Stlihe t~diisk of thtetree and fell into gloomy Smisiogs ias if i.totally, oblivious of her pre soiene; "'Watching his contracted brow and gloomy,.oyes,and theo lines of suffering in his'a'rk face' Lrnira almost imagined him oneo more' iu; the oprison.yard bearing the load of misniy which must fall to the share :odf thosi deprivoed for the first time ofo the inesti mable, b6os of liberty, and ooindeineid .to pass'&lheirtikme; pennuedin.. by those liate ll:?ualls. w ild surrounded 'ly hbiuta raud uncongenial associates. Her heart sw'elled willi pitying; tenderness and :sorrow? and rising and n; iovingn inerer to hiin she laid her .fiingers timidly on his arm and said in a pleaidinig toulf L: "Erii, are ~ 0ou too nugiy with .me to speak one kinid word again ? M\iay We not ;be friends ds loug, as we can ?" ' He .istrtirtd ..slightly and looking dowln at th .smiill hand on -his arm, took it sud denly in one of his. " Ailgry with you ?' lioe said, sadly; "there is nothing that would pain mo more. I hope this will nieve happen ; let us avoid this miserablo subject in future anud, as you say, lot us be friends as long as we can." Then loolking at her with a sudden bright ness in his eyes that reminded her of past years, he added in a different tone- "Laura, how is it you did not marry when you were asked to do so 2" A faint blush stole into Laura's chleeliks. "Because I was not free," she replied gravely; " I was bound by a certain pro mise omade years ago 'uder a swamp-oak oni the banks of Auburn creek; and what was more than this, my heart was not free either, it, was bouind by the ties of unalter able affection to one who had lthoughlt a poor friendless girl worthy of the pricoloss treasure of hIis true love." "Laura I " exclaimed Tlhurstan with a ring of passionato tenouderness in his deep voice, and his hand tighteneld with i firm clasp on hores, but as if suddenly recollecting himself he roloneased it and controlling him self by a strong effort said sadly, "I too made a promise in those happy days, Laura; I promised to uniks you my wife as soon as I had a home to offer you. I have thlat homuo now, and there could be no greater hlappinoss for me tlhan to ask you if you would share it with me, but how can I ask the woman I love and hlonour above all others to be my wife? I, who havo spent yeasrs in prison accused of Ihaving murdered a follow-man ? 1 who inn an onutcast from society-a manu from whom people shrink away as soon as they hear rumours of his pasnt career ? Thi gulf that divides the murderer fromi the confidence and respect of his fcllow-creaturos lies betweeoon me and humana society; how thein can I ask any womani to share that isolation with me ? " Thore was mittorness in his tone, but also yearning tendesrness, and Ihis eyes rested oni Lanlia's face withl a sorrowful, seairching look as if he hoped against all likelihood for some encoiuraging word. " Eric" she saidl foeelingly, " I should be proud and happy to share any disgrace, any sorrow or isolation with you oven if I wore not partly responsible for the sufforings you have endured, but--" " Laura, Laura, whero are you ! " oried 'a clear, troblo voice, and Agies cams tripping dowu the walk, followed by honest Frank, hIis fair face wearing its usual oxpression of placi(l good-lhumour, while hIis wife looked somowhat tlushed and excited. Tmhe young couple had in fict boon ongaged in somino playfiiul connuibial bickerings, whicih, Ieginning coon after Laura's departure, lhad malnde 'llhurstan foeel that ihe was ii the way, and ihad caused him to leave tho paiir to settle their litllo lovo-quarrcl privately, murmnring tlit hlie woul seeoo walmt had becomo of Miss North, lwho hlo feared was not enjoying Iher visit much. ]Ioturning to the gardlen he had soon caught sight of :Lauras whiote strasw hat, and had interruptedo ;her reverie in the manner we ihavo mon tioiined. There was just ecnough constrainmt and lpro-occupation in the manner of the two who were thuns disturbed in their confidential conversation to attract Mrs. Linton's at tontion, and drawing her arm through tlhat of hlier sistor Ase said, giving lher at the same time a, gentloe adimonitory pinchl " We must think of leaving. We lhave spent a very pleasant day, Mir. Thlurstan- hlven't we, Laura ? Bit we havo a loung drive beforo us, nienrly twelve isiles, is,'t it ? And .t do not like being out in tihe bush after dark." "Yes," said Frank chuckling; " we must not rui the riski of beingi benightedli or we might liappen to meet the tGuhl-ah ghost, you knllow--Ch Tlhurstan ? " Agneos itter;ud i little lstaccato cry of terrnor, and Jri. Thmrsltan looked grave and si'hl'i:0ed sis he repeated- " The (iGulwah ghost ? " "Yes, haIIvon'l you hoard of thie mysteorious apparitioin which haunts your station thiis week or two patst " " Never heard anything aibout it," said Thursitan cohlly; " a ' yahoo ' or whitlo kangiaroo most likely." " Of course it's ail nonsense," said IFranik, smiling. "I hIpo iidlod that it may be some rtsango animl, some eItolustius natura; liko sa white kaungaroo as you say; I should like to get a shot at something of that kind ! " " Who told you about it ? " asked Tlhurs tan with some show of interest. " Well, you see old Bill, mny toclman-i you ]enow what a queer old foswil he i-, fill of strange stories--he camne out witlh thisii ghost story a few day:i ago, and wi't quite indigiiit when I ]cu;lhed it oe." "liow ver'y unpleasant," said Agnes, pettishlyl; " I do cwii you lhailn't saidt any thing eaboit if, Franki. I shall be thinilng of it all the way home; of course I don't believe ii ghosts, but it does imake ohne fcl shivery to hear about them, doesi't it, Laura ? I do wishl, Frankl dcear, you wouldn't repeant everythiniig those etupid old men tell vou." "Why, Aggie, I neverc tlhoughlt you swould beliovo such nonsense," said Friank, looking rather penite, but wit, nth a lurlking roguishness in his blue eyes, as hle added, " Shall we ask :ir. T'hurstan to necompany us with his gun in case we should meet this terrible bogie ? " "Now you are lhughing at ime," said Agnes; "you lknow very well that a gun would be of no use if this creature were really a ghost. But comen, L'irau, let us get ready, and Frank, do get the horses aind let is start away at ouce." She swept past iher lhusband withii tihe air of an offended queen, and Frank appareutly much amused at her little graces, laughed comfortably to hlimself and followed the two female figures with hiis eyes until they dis appeared into the house. I must iunquiro into this," said Thur stan; " there is generally some foundation for such absurd rumours. Hlow did your informant describe thIe appearanco of the supposed ghost?" S"Lot me see," said Frank slowly; " well I think; as well as I can remember, tliit he said it was a tall man dressed in the orthodox ghostly garments, white of course; yes, I remember now, a tall man with a long white beard carrying a sapling in his hand." "It is most singular tlhat none of my men should have seen this personago or have told me about it; such rumours gene rally spread quickly." Frank made no answer, but kiclked some pebbles away with his foot and whistled softly; Ie had remembered suddenly that Iis old stockman lhad added his own version of the intentions of this ghostly visitor, hitintig at thse same time darkly at certailn reports current respecting Mr. Thlurstan's past life, aniid giving it as his opinion that no onue would care to toll the Inastor of Gulwah tlhat le was "being haiunted." Frank Linton not only disliked gossip of any kind most heartily, but he also felt in clined to like his now acqcuaintance very much, anld was determined to ignoro any inisinuations against his character. lie almost regretted having mentioued this nlaffair, as lhe feared it might cause Mr. Thurstan somuo unpleasantness if ihe in quired into it. "It is most likely some eofortunato lunatio who haI s escapred from confinement," continued Tlhurstan, after i momentary silencee; " I siihall try to flind out what it is anuyhlow nid lot you know tihe result; and now I supposo we must get the horses, as Mrs. Lintoni soeems anxious to leave." Whenu Agnes 'was alone in the bedroom withl her sister, she turnedl towards hlier wih a face futll of important gravity. " Laura," she said imupressively, " I do hope you have not talkenu a likiniig to thisi Mr. Th'lurstan, for I have maide a very un pleasant discovery about him." Shoe paused for a momient, but as her sistor madile no reply, sho continuedl in a low tone, " Only thilnk, Laura, lie is really the man I was afraid hle might bio-Fruank sayis i Chlristian iname is Eric, and it is niot at ill likely that there shonuld be two Erio Thurstans, is it ? I mado 'Frank quiite angry by lotting him see hoiw startled I was at this discovery, but hle was glad enoughl to makel it up soon efteir, particularly as wse liel beos quarrel ling about somothinig elso whlon Mr. Tlurstan left us. 13nt dear me, I do hiope it is niot too lanto ? You lhad a lonbg talk with Mr. Thuirstan under thait lovely mulblcrry treo-I wish wve hlad one like it--and you looioed, both of you, as if you didn't care to be disturbed." "'Don't troublo yourself about Mr. ThurstCn and myself, Agnes," said Laura coldly; "I am old enough to tako care of myself ; and ias for him," she added with a slight tremor in her voice, "I think it is very crenol to rake up old stories iagainst him. Is he not generally respLected now, and does lhe look like a criminal ? Why cad younot leavo him alonu? IHis atleirs do not rogard us." " lIow oross and disagreeablo you have becomie lately," said Agneos, poutiug; " you are like a bit of tindor. I shalll soon be iafi'aid to speak to you. I aum sure I wais only thinking of your own good; yon must own yourself that it would be a misfortuno for you to becomeo attaohed to a man who lhas been in prison for murder or whatever you like to call .it. l'People will talkl about such tunpleasaut things whethler it regards them or not, and only tlhink, Laura, it would'nt be at all nice to havo your name coupled with tlit of a cman who ihas spont four years in thle company of folons and murderers." " i'or heaven's sake don't talk about it any moro," said Laur.a, vehomoently; "you do not lInow what you are talkinig about ; " and thenc seeooing her sister's evident surprise at this outburst, she added more calmly, " if' I really cared for ia aln do you thlink I should umi l whact people said abou.t hiem ? No, not I, my love and his would be all-suliciesnt and I shlould Ibe ready to share any disgraco withl him. 3ut I did not meani to bo cross, Aggio," oho cOultiinutld, ttiing her arm rountl her sister andiii drawing iher closely to her. " You muset forgive me for say hasty words, bnt pray do notl mouentioni the subject again--I caiunote bear it. Some day, per hImps Iyou may hsknow hy. And nmaeo your minid easy withl regard to Mr. Thurstan, there cian be no question of marriago be twssesn es." Shie kissed the rosy, porploslexed face that was close to hers, and Agnes, ncever able to cherish resenCOtent long, returnied tlhe caross in hier buttorlly manner, and thou said airily " That is sottled thens, iand now we musst not delaiy cany longer; 1 do hopo Franlk is reasly." \\\lWhen they wcere seated in thie waggonotto, Ilaura was struck by the appearaneo of ai man who was hlolding thie horseson and whose goodihlumoured face seemed strangely familiar to hlier, whlile a look of surprised intelligencei in his eyes seemed to prove thiat he also recognised a former acquaintance in her. Lut while she was puzzling her brain to connect lie stranger witi some0 hazy re collectious, Mr. Thrstan casRme up to say good-by, and the friendly pressure of his lhand and the grae e lhiindnies.. in his (.eyes pcut all other tlhougsli. to flight for tile time. A few nmomtents later they were bowling along; on their honmeward way. The horses trotted along with a good will, and ihe peaceful homestead soon sank out of sight behind woodled ridges. Agnes aind Frank conversed in low tones, and Laura allowed her !thoughts to stray back to the lhouirs speit this day s.t SGulwae, anid dwelt lingeringly on E;ric's words anid looks. The um hald set whlen tllhey entiered a dense scrib niot far fromi Talliangla gate. The road was inarrowed by tliclk-stemnced trees anid tnngled brushwood, and the yellow glare of sunset ehiningi dimly through the treos imparted a weird appearance to the most ordinary objects. Agnes suddenly grasped her Ilusbaud's arm, and pointing to somethling white ind motionless oni the road said, in a frighltened whisper " Oh, Frankl, do look tihere whatever is that 2" " Only a dead white stnmp, you timid little puss," replied her husband, withl a low laugh; " why Aggie, surely you don't \- but wihat's up with the horses ? Steady there; steady now' I" This last excluamation was caused by the sudden shyinig of o11. of the horses, whose evident terror, expressed by loud snorts and ldangerons swervings, was immeudiately shared by its collepanion; so that for She neoxt Ininute F'ralnik was forced to conioei Irateo il his attention oni tihe terrified animals, and to use eovery effort to provoent the vehicle fromn beiing dashed against one of the trees. But now a loud scream from Agnsc drew his notice to the object occasioning all this panic; and bold and wholly unsuperstitious as Frank Linton was, hlie could niot refrain from an uneasy foeling on seeing the supposed stump de veloping into a tall white-robed figuro, which, moving int tio the middle of the road, stopped within a few paces of tlhe wag gonette and waved its arms as if bidding the travellors to stop. But just as Frankl was deliberating whetlher to turn his horses and avoid the unclanny apparition or to leap out and hold by the head the animals, which tbreatened to becomo unmanageable, the figure turned suddeuly and, darling into the thickelt, was lost to sight almost instantly in the gathering twilight. The horses, seeing the road clear, dashled forward with mad haste, sand poor Franlrk, distracted by the hysterical sobs of his wife as sheo clung to hlim, hindcring him filom restraining his fiery team, and by the diflieulty of avoiding the stumps and logs oil tl:he roadside, felt more disturbed than hie lhad ever done in his life and was truly tlhanlskful when the Talliangla gate was reachled witlhount any casualty. Laura, who lihad remained perfectly collected, succeeded in pacifying ler sistor by assuriung her tlhatt if she persisted ii crying and clinging to 'ransk, tie vehicle would be thrown against some tree and broken, and they would have to walk home, if indeed they escapedt with onut serious injury. Mrs. Linton subsided quickly into silence, and tlhe horses lhaving somowhat recovered from their fright be camne mnore managseablle, so that by tie time tie lights of T''alliangla were visibleo, something liko order hlad been restored in the party of bolatetd tmravollers. Never hlad homo seeoined so welcome as after that perilous drive, and Agnes, now tlhat her terror was over, was able to laugh at it all and to declare tnriumphantly that Frank had been as terrilied as any of them. On the following day Frank made it his lbusincess to call at Gulwahvl, and to relato tihe advelituro to Thurstan. A strict search was immeodiatoly made through all the lengthi and breadth of the station, but it proved utterly fruitless, nio trac of the mysterious apparition being folund. .Frank was greatly disappoin ted, and Thurstfan was annsoyed, for hle lhated all mystery, asd was anxioeus to obtain some elso to this strange affir, while tihe mion who had beeon on gaged in tihe search- party, conversing in guarded tones as they rode hIomeowards after their master, excOIainged their various opinions on tIhe subject, and cast suspioiocs and furtive glances at tihe ownuor of Gulwah. oeiis'rcea vie. BUT holow was Frank Linton getting on all this tihoe with his station ? Weoro his siloop dying by hlndreds and thousands as they were on other stations during the torrible drought, aud, if so, hlow did this unpractical anid insexperieneod young man bar hIis losses, and lwhat did he do to morst hIis mnis fortuneos and to remedy tlhom as far as possible ? Tihe best way to obtain the desired infor maltion on this matter will be to listen to a conversation which took place betwoon lMultton and hIis boon companion, Dusty 13ill the stocklmnman, a few ovenings after tie Lintoens hlad visited Gulwvah. The teWo old men wore squatting in the approved style of colonial comfort near tihe stable, smeoking vigorously, and occasionally oexchanging shlort romarks anenout tie weather. "Thum clouds looks uincomcmon liko rain, they does," said Mlutton, after a lengthy pauso, during whichil he had refilled and relit hIis pipe, and takene a swceoping survey of the horizon. "I shonldn't wonder if wev was to lhave a storm afore night, it's mighty sultry, lbunt it won't do mucel good now, I reckoc, for the sheep is that weak thli a shower o' rain would liock 'oem over, sued aose on their backs they'd never got up no more."' " Aye, it's hard times far.the stock and the like of themn as owns 'am," said Dusty Bill, a veritable ucummy, brown ansi shrivelled, with short bristling .white lhair and small cruneing eyes. "It's hard timocs, it is, but somohow the master don't seem to tsake on inclih, do le eow ? " "Takeo oin ! " ropeateed ?ulltton in a tone oc iteonso disgist. " Look heore, Bill, I've noosn him moiro Out uip when the ants got eamong his bieoolesl and butterllies tshan le was when :I told hiim as the sheeoop was a dying by hundreds. I'lt well-nighl brokenou heaIrted to sees overytlhinsg a-going to the dogs and tie manster o e talieng a bit o' notico, but pottorineg away among hIis blessed bottles and insects, and never as mueeh as askeing me how mans y sheeoop I've sltinnotl this here day, If it waesn't as I.'d think it mean to lea'e this hero station now it's hIard-up, seeing as it's been meat and drink to me this rmany year, I'd jest pack up my traps and tramp it off somewhere else. But when a body gets old they doesn't like to shift their hurdles, and what would becoms of tile place if I was to go ? " " lie's a shingle short, is thle master, liet's my uolief," snaid Dusty Billl reflectively; " he 'minds ume uncommoni of an old chap as I used to bo withl down s~outh as we used to call ' Seedy Mac.' lie was a jolly old stick wa r.Mac-Macfarlano was his runae, but we allays gave him Mac for shortlike. Lor', hie war a jolly old card, he war, but nothing of a binesis man ; hio ncever bothered much about his station, lie was too fondl o' the whlisky;h that's what was the matter with him." " I'd rathler see the master fond o' the whisky than of them blessed grubs and spiders," said Miutton grimly; "it's not nat'ral-li;e fur a Christian body to bs setting all hIis heart on bottled beetles and stuffed birds. If he took to drinking now, seeing lhow bald things is a-going with him, I'd niot Iblane the mau; many a better one nor him has done so before inow. T'other morning I couldni't stand it no longer, fur lie never takes a ride roiiid to see hlow matters is gettin o in unless lhe wants to shoot a bird or fossick round fur buttlerlies, so I couldn't 'tanud it no longer, and I goes up to his oflic anid mak'es so bold as to tell him as the sheep was a-dying wholesale, and, says I, 'sir,' says I, ' will you jest please to tell mse whlat's to be donoe? ' (niot that T wanted to know, seeig as I knows more about theon matters tlhan thle nmastcer by a long way, but thilnks I, I'll rouse ye iip a bit if Icin). 'Sir,' says .1, ' the only thling as I sees to be done is to cut their throats and to save their skinis,' says I." "And whait did ihe say?" ' sk.ed Bill, blinliiing cnuningly at his companion, " lihe did'nt let on as hlie was put out much .I reckon, did heo now ?" " Not lie," said Mutton, scornfully; " ihe wur busy fussing round among a lot o'dead birds as he was going to stuff, with his coat off and his sleeves rolled up, and a smell of clhemicals as was fit to lknokl you down, and says lie, looking up as if he did'nt rightly undcerstand me. 'IEh 2?' says lie, 'dying are they ? well-well-that's bad work, but,' says lhe, ' I roclkon we're no worse ofi nor others,' says he, ' we must trust to a change in the weather,' says he ' and if the worst comes to theo worst I'sposo I'll have to sell out,' says he. ' Sell out, sir,' says I, quite riled at his coolness, 'begging yor pardon, sir, buLt I reckon you'll mnakeo but a poor bargain of that now. But will you jest ride round with me, sir ?' says I, ' and take a look at tlhings and tell me what's to be done.' 'Oh, I leave it all to you, MuItto.n,' says hlie, smiling quite easy-likeO, ' you kIuow more about station matters nor me,' says hIe (which was true.onough)l ; do just whatever you thinkul right,' says lie, ' I leave it all to you,' and with that lie falls back to scraping and cutting hIis parrots and galahls, whistling quite cheerful like as if there was'nt hundreds o' living oreatures as was worthi thousands to him pcrishing at his very door. I war tihat mad, Bill, I just walkled oflf without another word fur fear o' saying something as I'd be sorry for after wards." " -IHe minds mse uncommon of old Mac, lie do," said Dusty Bill, whose thoughlts evidlently clung tonaciously to one subject; "Old Mac, when hlo was brokle and sold out by the banks, used to go round the country fossicling down the gullios fur gold and copper and the like, and when hleo was a sprooing it at tihe shanties heo'd stretch you a yarn as howi heo was going to find a gold field and buy up all thie country, and one day--" "Yes, yes, you've told me thalt fliere yarn a dozesn tLtimeos if you've told it oncee," said Mutton, interrupting his companuion's recollections without ceremony and rising to hIis feet; " I rooelkon theoro will tlhunder aforo lobng if I'm any judge o' tihe wveather. Lor', won't tihe missue be in a state if it; rains I Sl's beenC getting the garden dug uip and has becni planting bushes and trees as if a blessed one of 'en would grow this here season, and she's been bothering the men to draw water fur her flowers, as if wo did'nt want every sup that's in thie tanuk fur tihe stock. She's no bettor nor a child shoisn't. And sheo's getting half thi house pulled down and put up again; and now she's only half pleased sineoo she's seoon Gulwah and wants to pull the rest down too. Lor' bless us, maybe she'll be glad enough to have a roof over her head somein day---- nt, say Bill, whoie's yonder chapl riding across the pad dock ?" Dusty Bill scrambled to hIis foot and peoring over his mate's shoulder, behold a tall young man riding towards thom, who as lie approached nodded familiarly to the old men and then roining u! hiis horse, sprang lightly to the ground and hold out Isis luhand to tuItton with a broad smilo.. "You're out o' my reckloning, young man," said Miutton, fixing a severeo, ob servant eye ol the unconserned stranger, but suddenouly hIis old furrowed faie twitched stranigely and Iris eyes twinkldld withl Ilsulcorous surprise. " Blowed if it ain't my boy Billy Flukie I" he exclaimed, removinig his pipe asnd chuick liung;" You've growed a bit, Billy, : rockon, and you lookl uncommon well. Give usyour lhaund, old chap, I'm glad to see you; I always 1 you'd turn up again some diay." Father and soni shook hauds heartily and tlhon relapsed into indifforouco. "This hero is Dusty Bill, your god father, Billyl-him as used to take you to see the drafting and shearing and that lwhen you was ai youngster," said Mutton, ceremoniously " you mini d my boy Billy Fluleo, cli Bill? He's growed a bit since we saw hiu last I reckou." "You've growed a rare young swoll, my word," said old Bill the stocktuman, shaking his godson's ihand; " You'vo soon a bit o' the world ohi, sinoo you cleared outit fio Talliangla ? " "I've beoon kinocling about ihero and thero and overywhere," said Bill Flukse with aiI air of imnportance, " but now I'n with Mr. Thusrstan of (Iulwah. I used -to live withl his father time I lirst went off down south, and somoen weels past, wiheu I had took a job of droving which broughlt mis out this way, I hears of Mlr. Thiurstan living at Cihlwlnh, and thinks I, may be ho'll.tlako mse on again, and so Ie did, and I wouldn't ask for a better berth." "Ay, lie's right enough on hisi station, hle's.right enough there'," said Dusty Bill; " but folks do say queer things about himj hlave you seen tbo Gulvwah ghost yet ? g , added, mysteriously. e " Ghost ?" replied Bill Fluke disdlin. fully;" we don't deal in lthem there articles on Gulwalh. I've heard some fool's ticl about it and the nmaster went rouund . it some of the mnen to lind out the fellow whlO was playing up as a ghost, bIut, he didn't find him I believe, moro's the pit)." " Nor never will," senid old Bill, solomnly. " it's nothling as ihas hulnlra lesh snd bloos I'll soar. Folleks nay," hle addedl, lowering hiis voice, " folks say as how Mr. TursFl n once nrurdered a man years ago whelis ]lo was living down along the coast, somewhere and they says as Ihow tlihe murdered mnu's ghost lhas beesn a-haunting him ever ince0 and has found him out again, as he fiuds him out no matter where hlie goes." "Its a lie," said Bill Pieke, so fiercely that the old man started back involuntaril, and nudged Multon as if to remind lim that it was time to interpose his eTrental autiority. "Billy, my boy," said Multon, looking admiringly at his son's long limbs and broad freckled faces, which glowed with indigaa. tion; " Billy, I reckou your tongueo his growed a bit long withl the rest of you. But you was always a dillicult lad, you was, anlld all too stunrt at gaiuseyin, yer olders anud betters." " Well, dad," said Billy, cooling deotn a little, " you'll own as it's enough to rile a follow when h he hears suoch old woman's talk about a man as hals always boon a good master and kind friend wlsu times was hiard and friecndi was scarce. Say, dad, weosld'at you fire np a bit too now if they was to say as your masr mstr murdered a man and was lhauntedl by hIis ghost ? " " Blest if I know," said Mutton, scratch. ing his Ihead reflectively, " thero's few things as would surprise me about the nmaster, I can tell you, my boy. A man as can grin and look pleasent-likelt when hIis jumbucks is a-dying off like lies is tit for anuytehiug in my mind. But you musn't take on about lwhat's said about Mir. Thlurstan, lad; he is a regular trump he is at managing a station, an out-aud-out lirst-rate hand ait that sort o' thling, and I wouldn't mind if be was on Taillianglo in place o' t'other; but everybody will toll you tie same yarn aboet hlim, so thore must be some truthl in it, you know." "Look here, dad, I'll put the ase to you," said Bill seriously. " If you was coming homo of an evening and saw some follows driving your shiep to pound as was let out of your paddock on purpose so as they could be pounded, what would yer do, oh ? " Stop tihe fellows sand toll 'ecu to leave them sheeop alone," said Mutton, quickly. " Well, and if the chaps played sp rough and gavo you impudonce, nad one of'eSt thlreatonod you with the stockwhip, what would you do then, dad, oh ?" " IKuoci the follow down and take my shlceep homo," said 1utton, coolly. " \Vell you seeoo, tlat's what Mr. Thursstan did, only as bad leck would hIave it, tihe follow didn't gel up no more, and Mr, Thurstan was run in and sent to prison for four years fur manslaughter, and ai great shlamo it was. But Isay," added Bill, es a new thought fleashed across his braio, " who was the youncg lady as camo over to Gulwnah with Mr. Linton and Isis missus t'othor day I" " You mlean Miss North, I reclkon," said his fathsor; " she's sister to the missuss is Miss Northl, and as sensuible a yotug woman as over I saw; she's worth a dozen like tlhe " Miss North 1" repoeated Bill Fllko, with awakosning recollection; " so it was, by George I I uknow her face somohowI and didn't knuow where to put it. Well if that ain't queer, tlhat's the same yoeung lady as \--but mum's the word," added Bill, oheckliig himself soddenly and loolking mysterious. " What about her, Billy, ols?" asked Dllsty Bill, who lhad beeoon unusually silest sinece his last romarks had awaskened such anger in hIis godlson; " what about ithe yonug woman, lsavo yer mot her before 2" " It aiu't no business o' mine, and I'm not agoiug to tell tales out of school, you bel," said Bill Fluket, wiuling lknowingly. "Pleaso yourself my boy, please yourself," naid D)esty Bill, with an air of disappoiut. ment. " lWell, my lad, let's go down to my hubt and have a drop o' somOetling fsr Old time's sako," said Mutton, talking Iris son's hiorse to load it into thio stable. "Biglt you are, dad," said his son, cordially; " I often thocght of you, I did, whens I was awsay, and thin- ss, I, some of those days I'll look up the old man and wo'll makelro upour little differences. Do you miud that Christmas oeve when you wanted to boss it over me and I cleared out ?" " Ahl, you was always a difliceult lad, yeou was," said his fathler, admiriunly; " you and me could never hit it somebhow; but times is changed sinoo thleo; you're on your own hookl now, snd I'm growed old and gilad to Iput up with anything fur the sakes o' peace, so pleaso God wo'll rub along a bit better now." (TI'o ble continued.) Thie increase of ithe use of netumrl gas for fuel is expected to revolutioniso some of the Amorican industries. About 25,001,000ftt. of naturmal gas are furnisthed to Pittsburg daily, and when a 10 in. pipe which is being laid is completed, the daily supply will be equal to 40,000,000ft. About 50 mills and faictories use it exclusivoly in preforetlco to coal, and it is used in 200 houses for domestie pcrs poses. It costs a trifle loss than coal, and saves all exponses in lhauling away asles and foeeding the fires. The wslls are from 18 to 25 miles fronm Pittsburg, and the prossure at tie mouth is given as from 1501b. to 2001b. to the square inob. In open hIearth fuirnacos, cruciblo steeool finrnaoes, puddling furnaces, and glass facltories it allsweors bIettlor than secoal. As a Professor was passing out of Iris recitaLtion-room, a froeshman dlropplod slyly intlo hIis hlt a piece of paper, on which was written " Milonlkey." Tiokleld with Isis jolts he told it to all Isis student frieuds, But at the neoxt reooitation tlho Professor addreosed Iis division in sweetest tones--" lGentl men, as I was passing out of the room yesterday one of yoer number did me thebo very hIigh hlonourt of leaving witls e hi's cal[ is estimated thant if all the oleors of servioo as resoervo corps are aceopted iy governmeOnt, tie military forces of Noes South Wales will number over 10,000. 