\- "THE, MAGAZINES-FOR'[MARCH: SECOND' NOTICE Mr. Escott, the editor of the Fortnightly Review, recently declared at the Press Club dinner that a considerable proportion of the articles sent to him were not superior to ordinary newspaper work, The statement is Biguifloont, because it points to a change in the conditions of literary work. That we still have consum- mate artistes in prose Nobody will deny who remembers the names of Matthew Arnold, John Morley, Protestor Ruskin, and Walter Besant. But with the exception of the first-named, these men are not throwing their strength into that form of literature, half-way between an essay and a leading article, which is required for a magazine. A few writers like De Quincey, Maginn, and "Kit'' North would just now be invaluable, but they are not to be found. There is abundance of good work in our higher class magazines and reviews, but little brilliancy, and almost no humour. It must, moreover, be confessed that the magazines this month are even exceptionally dull and hard to read. The best is undoubtedly the Contemporary Review, which opens with " A Comment on Christmas " by Mr. Mathew Arnold. The title is misleading, except that nobody could imagine Mr. Mathew Arnold writing about plum-pudding or high jinks. In this article he follows the line taken in " Literature and Dogma," substituting the doctrine of the incarnation for that of the personality of the Deity, and taking the Guardian newspaper for his butt instead of the Bishops of Winchester and Gloucester. Of course he contends that if a person cannot see that the incarnation is a myth he is excessively uncultured, and, on the other hand, that he is equally uncultured if the incarnation myth does not comfort and refresh him as much as the incarnation facts would have done. This line of argument Mr Matthew Arnold has been pursuing for many years without convincing a single human being, and without even perceptibly singing the current of contemporary thought. Nevertheless, from a literary point of view this article in the most remarkable of the month. A razor-like edge of satire is concealed under a surface of bonhomie and suavity in a style which is Mr. Matthew Arnold's own, and simply unsur- passable. M. Emile de Laveleye and Mr. Herbert Spencer join issue on the old question of " The State, versus the Man," and the former by no means gets the worst of it. There is also an admirable paper on " Style in Literature," by Mr. R. L. Stevenson, who puts logical arrangements first, but has also much which is deeply interesting to say on the rhythm of language. Mr. William Fowler's essay " On the Present Low Prices and their Causes " deserves to be read by all producers. He thinks that the general lowering of prices, of which he gives valuable tabular Bummsries, is due rather to over-production than to any variation in the value of gold. Articles on the Soudan by Sir John Lubbock and Captain CsroeiOD, on " The Women of Shakespeare "I by Professor Dowden, and on the Afghan Frontier" by General Goldsmid make up the rest of the number. The Fortnightly Review has no article which can be singled out for special praise. The engrossing question of our home defences is considered by Mr. Hozier and and " A Field Officer." The former wants an ex- tensive system of fortification, and the latter more reasonably pleads once again for the organisation of our volunteer force. Mr Sutherland Edwards in " Social Science on the Stage " attacks the ancient problem whether or not art should have didactic purposes, He does not succeed in answering a question which never has been, and perhaps never will be answered ; but he has collected much readable information as to modern play-writing. "Shakespeare's Fugues " is the not very lucid title of a paper by Mr. J. G-. Bow. The writer toeaoB the repetition of a "subject" in various forms. Everybody familiar with the art of composition knows that the " Law of Con- trast," as Ruskin puts it, is assisted and supplemented by the "Law of Repetition." General and Regan, and the mad Hamlet, and the mad Ophelia are obvious example?. Students of Shakespeare will be interested by the many other examples which Mr. Dow cites and explains. Other articles, none of which are remarkable, ate "A Minister of Education," by Henry Craik; " Royalty and Vice-royalty in Ireland," by H. Jephson and R. O'Hara; and two papers on the land question, by the Duke of Marlborough and C. A. Fyffe. The number is decidedly wanting both in special interest and in brilliant writing, The article in the Ki'nciúcnfn Century which will be first turned to by Australian readers is that on ?' Imperial Federation " by Sir Samuel Wilson. But the article cannot justly be praised. It is very without being philosophical, and where it is apparently practical details are ignored. The writer advocates " national parliaments "--a rather unhappy expression for parlia- ments representing separate parts of one nation. These he would have consist of Upper and Lower Houses, which should occupy themselves with local concerns. These " national parliaments " of England, Ireland, and the colonies should select an Imperial Parliament, consisting of 100 members in an Upper House, and the same number in a Lower. The Upper Houses in the national parliaments should elect the Upper House, and the Lower Houses the Lower House in the Imperial Parliament The all-important question of contributions towards Imperial expenditure is lightly passed over by Sir Samuel Wilson ; but he appears to think that the colonies generally would not object to pay their share. The Rev Dr. Jessop has an in- dustriously compiled and readable paper on a curious and little-known phase in English History His paper is called "The Black Death in East Anglia." The account which he gives of the social Coulcher ements caused by the plague is absorbingly interesting. Hobart Pasha pleads earnestly for an impossible Anglo Turkish alliance, and is followed by Colonel Warlow, who shows how impossible the notion is Dr. Waldstein contributes a scholarly and elaborate essay on the sculptures of the eastern pediment of the Parthenon, but few people who are not Specialists will care to follow him. Mr Andrew Lang has a more popular subject in " The Comparative Study of Ghost Stories." It must be confessed that the ghost, when subjected to the terrible " historical method," puts rather a poor figure; but it may console true believers to hear that the Psychical Society has lately come to the conclusion that the ghost is a scientific fact. Except that a short paper of personal remine defences of "Gordon at Gravesend" should be mentioned, the remaining articles do not call for particular remark. Relgiavia shares with the Cornhill the honour of having the two boat serials now running. Mr. Clark Russell is himself which is saying everything in his sea-story, wherein we already see exciting promise of shipwreck combined with love-making, Mr. Cecil Power is bringing together his threads in " Babylon." At first the story, though full of power and humour, wanted unity of interest, and the writer is now cleverly remedying a fault which was, however, a necessary part of his plan, The Art Journal for this month contains an article by Mr. Richard Jefferies on " Field Sports and Art," which is well worth study. The more one reads this very able paper the more suggestive will it appear. The illustrations, too, are admirable. The etching of a stag copping the leaves of a tree is almost perfect art. nothing in Bowiok is more tender, delicate, or truthful. This etching is taken from an old German gun, and one of the questions the writer asks is, why we can no eager produce such ornamentation. The very instructor it seems lost. 