ECHOES OF MIELBOURNdE. [By THE GliosT,] The week just passed has been, so far as Victoria is concerned, singularly barren of incident, and were it not that the sub marine cable from time sto time affords subject for comment, journalists of all shades of opinion would have been fairly "gravelled for lack of matter." The news cf the capture of Khartoum by the rebel Arabs, after a defence by the gallant Gordon that will ensure his admissioninto the valahalfa British heroes, has caused throughout the colony a sentiment of deep regret, and has served in no small degree to in tensify the feeling of animosity to the GladstoneMinistry,whichl their invertebrate policy in regard to the annexation busi ness first called into existence. Men are asking themselves if the England of to-day is the England of their youth,the England that half a century since held her own against " a Europe in arms," and was, in very sooth, " the arbiter of the world's destinies." Northern New Guinea,handed over to Germany, and the New Hebrides ceded to France ! Is it for this Australia has been agitating for the past year? As suredly the lowest depth of Great Britain's degradation has been reached. There can be no " lower deep" to which the feeble foreign policy of the " Grand Old M?an" can drag down the dear old mother country. Mr. Service has apparentlyllost heart, or, tired of " kicking against the pricks," has given up the up-hill game in despair. Like Gordon, he has notsuccumbed in fair fight, but owes his defeat to treachery within his own ranks. The Mahdi Bismarck wcould never have triumphed without the aid of our trans-Murray fellow colonists. The recent railway disaster to theSydney mail nrain is of course a matter for deep regret. But the regret is intensified by the thought that the benefit which would have accrued to Australia (from an adver tising point of view) owing to the attention directed to this part of the world as the site of a big railway smash, is in a great measure nullified by the name of the locality in which it occurred. "Coota mundra" has a strong Bengalee flavour, and when it is remembered that on the same line, at no great distance, is to be found a township rejoicing in the name of Junee, which appellation has also a smack of Chutnee and Hindostan, it will create little surprise if we learn in Australia, a few months hence, that India is credited with the accident. As is well known, the notions of Australasian geography enter tortained by the average Englishman at home are of the most hazy. Cootamundra, Bramahpootra, Junee, and Guznee will further tend to cause the ideas in regard to the exact site of the catastrophe to become " mixed." One good result at least has followed the holding of the Wesleyan Methodist Con ference in Melbourne. Although the depu tation appointed by the members of that body were not successful in inducing the Premier to stop all Sunday traffic on the railways, they elicited from Mr. Service jI confession of his faith. In early life he had been a Presbyterian, since then lie has become a member of the Baptist com munion. The hlion. gentleman is evidently a seeker after truth. Once upon a time as the story books say--he was a Free trader, then he became Protectionist. What is lie now ? Will lie kindly volunteer the information to next deputation that inter views him ? True, it hardly matters much now-a-days when Protectionist Chief Secre taries frame free trade intercolonial tariffs, but then the world is curious, and " would like to know, you know." The work of classification of the civil service, which has culminated in the ap pearance of some three thousand two hundred names in the Argus and Govern senta Gazctte as the recipients of salaries from the State has created a large amount of dissatisfaction in all the departments. There is hardly a Barnacle of the lot, but thinks himself an injured man. Stories without number are toldcof the proceedings of the members of the Board when pursu ing their investigations in regard to the I work performed by the various officers in Government employ. In some cases it is alleged the Civil Service Commissioners merely walked through the offices en route to the room of the head of the department, where sherry and biscuits were duly pro vided by the gentleman who was on the spot raised a class. In others the chair man, after a cursory glance at the handi work of the oflicial under examination, called out, " Professor, look here;" when ' that individual, screwing his glass into his eye and glancing at the work in course of performance, ejaculated, " Majaw, did you ever; he, ho, he," and without further ado relegated the unfortunate recipient of State pay to the 5th class. "What should," the reduced ones say, "a lieutenant colonel and two majors of volunteers know about 'our' workI" There is no doubt that in many instances flagrant injustice has been done, and the labours of Colonel Templeton and Majors Irving and Conch man bear undeniable proof of having been gone through hurriedly and carelessly. Like Richard, the Rev. Charles Strong is "himself again." ,His appearance in the Temperance Hall, where he preached on Sunday last, was greeted by a crowded church. The rev. gentleman steered clear of all controversial subjects. Mr. Strong could not, however, forbear, in a quiet way, having a dig at the presbytery. "People," lie said, "had their theories about the atonement, about Heaven and Hell, Luther and Calvin, while the plain and simple principle of doing good was neglected," adding that "men were groaning and travailling because others would not accept their doctrines and came into their camp and called themselves by their name." Mr. Strong, it is rumoured, intends to fill his old pulpit, and, should any objection be raised by the General Presbyterian Assembly, to test the ques tion in the law courts of the colony. If the reverend gentleman carries out this intention there will be a plentiful harvest for the gentlemen of the long robe. That now celebrated lecture of Judge Higin botbam's, the " fons malorum," so far as Mr. Strong is concerned, is likely to prove a real blessing to the lawyers. fhe result of the conference between the operative bootmakers and the manufac turers is a satisfactory solution of the mat ters in dispute and an end of the strike. Mutual concessions were made, and "peace with honour" to both sides has been con cluded. Thirteen weeks' "strike pay " has pretty well exhausted the funds at the disposal of the Union, and the fact that several thousand pounds were in the course of a few minutes subscribed at a meeting of manufacturers for the purpose of bring ing men from England may have had something to do in helping on a settle ment. When the news reaches the old country tihat the bootmakers of Aus tralia are so prosperous as to be able for nearly three months to keep soim fourteen ehundred of their number in idleness, it may cause a herge number of the less haIppily situated people in England to turn their eyes to this "paradise of the working man"-as Mr. Berry in one of his flights of oratory once described Victoria-and cross the seas to the favoured land. Perhaps the firmness withl which the operative bootmakers adhere to their demands and refuse to abate one jot or tittle of what they are fighting for is in accordance with "the eternal fitness of things." Their motto is evidently" awtl or nothing!" or aesist to the last! M[r. Service has forwarded a lengthy memorandum to his Excellency the Governor relating to the protectorate established over New Guinea. The docu ment is, to use the phrase in vogue min regard to such SDhtto papers, "exhaustive." Most readers will find it "cxhausting." Its force is, however, somewhat marred by the fact that while written throughout in the third person it is signed by Mr. Service. But then there is no examinlation required of Premiers, and unlike ordinary mortals, they are above mere consideration of syntax and grammar, February 13. 