THE MERCURY. WEDNESDA Y MORNING, APRIL 29,1885. ACCORDING to tho latin poet, the quarrels of lovers are the renewal of love, and wo sincerely hopo that the aphorism may apply to Germany and Groat Britain, as there appears to bo good reason to believo. Seldom, indeed, have wo boon favoured with the spcctac'e of two Foroign Ministers making quito personal explanations as to thoir relations to others, and soldom havo those relations boon found actually i to in- volve tho good understanding botween the two Countries to such an oxtont as to induce certain excited Gorman prints to talk of war. Princo BISMARCK led tho way with a speech which caused, wo uro told, "a profound sensation throughout Europe." The speech appears to havo boon regarded by the European ProBS generally as very hostile to Great Britain, or, at all ovents, the fact that BISMARCK had gono out of his way to lecturo the British Government was looked upon OB very portentous Wo ventured an opinion Borne time ago that, after all, the speech was a friendly ono, if road in tho spirit in which it waa delivered. It doalt with a number of small misunderstandings which had cauaod tho relations botween the two countries to bocomo what is called strained, and pointed out how the method which Great Britain had adopted of doing her business was liable to cauao those mis underatandmga to occur. Whon Prince BISMARCK said that ho had roceivod moro notes from Great Britain du.ring the last two years than from all tiio other Powers in twenty, he Bhowod very clearly, and wo think usofully, that tho way in which tho British Government was going on waa full of danger to the amicablo relations of tho two Countries, and he indicated what sort of a chango was required. The answer made by aoveral of the Liberal English papers woa that, as tho British Government was re- sponsible to the Parliament, it WJS com- pelled to transact ita business in a way which would enable the Parliament to BOO exactly what had been done The reply to this was at once obvious, namely that the other British Ministers had been also answerable to tho Parliament, and thoy had not done thoir business in tho manner to which Prince BISMARCK objected, and, what is more important still, had not caused the irritation which had nearly alienated a most fiiondly Power, and the greatest Power in Europe at tho present time. Another (hing of which Piinco BISMARCK com- plained was, that several of tlieao letters and despatches had been published boforo they were delivered, ¡>nd generally that the British Ministry had had an oye to popularity, instead of conducting its trans- actions in tho UBual dignified manner In the House of Lords on March the Gth, Lord GRANVILLE roferred to this speech, not, as ho explained, with any idea of answering it fully, as that would bo un- dignified, but merely to clear up some points on which thero appeared 'to boa great misapprehension. But, though tho speech was not answered in set terms, though only a i few of the matters referred to by BISMARCK were touched upon, enough waa said io show that thtro waa every desire to bo on the best of terms with Germany. Ho said-"I am sure that it is'moro than ever in the interest of Gormany and our- selves that our relations should be good at a timo whon we aro about to meet in almost overy part of the world." Ho frankly and emphatically declared that he Bhould have been wanting in self respect, " or in respect for a great Miniotor of a foroign and friendly State," if. ho had made an attack on him in Parliament without provocation, as Princo BISMARCK soomod to suppose. In short, Lord GRANVILLE did all that was possible to smooth away the irritation that had aricon, and it seems to be certain that very great good has boon done by this " civil growl," a result, which we think that BISMARCK intended to bring about. S One statement which had caused a great deal of irritation was the alleged giving of advice by Prince BISMARCK to "take Egypt." On this point Lord GRANVILLE dwelt at Borne length, and declared that if ¡was to explain this that he referred to the speech. He admitted that he had used the worda " under great Parliamentary stress," whon an attack had boen made on the Ministry by the Duke of RICHMOND, who had deolared that tho policy in Egypt had been condemned by " a great foroign statesman." Tho phrase WDB ad- mitted to bo unhappy, but the charge that it was a violation of confidential com- munications was denied, as it was based on íecent communications that were not confidential at all. It appears that Prince BISMARCK had urgod Great ; Bri tain to ropreeont Europo in Egypt, and this was the reply to the Btrong charge brought against tho Ministry by the Duke of RICHMOND. SO far, Lord ,GRANVILLTS Boems to havo mado out a case in Bupport of his statement that ho has violated no confidence, done nothing which ought to irritate the German Minister, and has shown, we think, that somo of tho ohargoa niado by ¡Prince-BIS- MARCK woro.based on a misunderstanding. Earl ^GRANVILLE mentioned that further explanations would bo mado privately, " in a legu'ar w-ay," tho result of whioh may bo seen, wo think, in tho rooontly greatlyimproved rolations botwoen tho two countrioj. Ono tliiiifi, however, Lord GRANVILLE did not oxpluiu away, namely, the rematk of Priuco BISMARCK that if his advice had beon followed in regard to Egypt many serious complica- tions would havo boon avoided, about which thoro oau now hardly bo any doubt. This curious episodo seems to havo been followed by personal explanations of an official chnractor. Count HERBERT BISMARCK, son of tho Prince, has boon on a socrot mission to Great Britain, which has caused a great deal of speculation, but its aim sooms to havo been mainly to remove all causes of irritation. This vory desirable end nppcars to havo been accom- plished Although none of the London nowspapors soom to havo boon suppliod with official information as to what had been dono, they aro ngrood that aomo good pioco of work had boon achieved, and there is a general tono of satisfaction at tho re- sult of the mission of Count BISMARCK. On March the 9th The Times said, appa- rently on oflioial information, " Count HERBERT BISMARCK loaves London to-day with the knowledge that lie has boon able materially to contributo to the restoration of a good understanding betwoon the English and tho Gorman Governments. Lord GRANVILLE'» frank disavowal of all intention to wound tho Imperial Chan- cellor has disarmed the resentment testi- fied in his recent speech, and privato com- munications havo no doubt done thoir part in dispelling the cloud created by a succession of untoward incidents." It is expressly statod that Count BISWAROK'S I mission had nothing what- ever to do with iho Afghan diffi- culty, and, further, wo aro told that there is no need to add to ita importance by supposing that it had any other end tlian tho restoration of tho good feeling 'betwoon tho two countrioB. In faet, wo ! infer that Prince BISMARCK has shown, 'once again, the wisdom of plain speaking oven in diplomatic matters, which porno statesmon envelop in such deep secrecy. 'His supposed hostilo speech was, there- fore, really a very friendly ono, for it has produced the result doBirod by all, and has cleared away the irritation caused by tho blundering > of the Colonial and Foreign offices ov)er| the African annexa- tions. It is agreeable, in the midst of so. much that is unpleasant, to bo able to quoto tho following from The Times : " Tho clearing up of whatovor may havo boen doubtful in our general relations with foroign countiies is the diplomatic complément of the military preparations now boing mado to resist tho unwarrant- able and unprovoked attack now threat- ened on our Indian Empire." THE meeting on the Dofcnce Question at the Town Hall last night was a vory largo and a far moro representativo ono than any pieviously held. Wo woro glad to seo a number of porsons present who havo not taken any part in this movement boforo, but somo of whom ought to be amongst the foremost to awaken and lead public opinion at this ciitical time. The resolutions which woro passed were, uudoubtedly.-'very well meant,butwearenotquito sure that thoy w ero so good as the intention with which they were framed. In the fit st place, wo donotaee what is to lio gained, except a loss of time, by calling Parliament together juat now. Such a ptoceeding will only occupy tho time of the Ministry in making explanations and prepaiiug for patty warfare which should bo devoted entiroly to the question of defence. Ministers have quito enough on their hands just now, without having to spond their energy iu doaling with par hamentaiy criticism, which, after all, can do no good. Thcte is no question of oxponse. The Ministry is prepared to Bpend all the money that may bo required, and it will bo soon enough for Parliament to say how tho extra outlay shall bo raised when tho actual amouut is known. Fiirthei, wo loam that in Hie event of war being declared Pailuv ment will at once be called together, in order to decido what fuithcr may require to bo done to supplement tho work already ac- complish ;d, As for the council of naval and militaiy men to advise tho Ministry, there can bo no objection to that, except that it may prove to be rallier a clumsy way of gotting at the desired end. Such a council wonld occupy a great deal of time in debates, its decisions would only bo those of a majotity, and there would be much delay in gotting it togethor, if a useful body of the kind could be got together at all. The Ministry hns already taken the advice of tho best men in and out of tho Colony, and if anybody has anything to suggest Ministers aro. quite îoady to listen, so that nothing valuable need be lost. Wo aie afraid that the council proposed will prove to be imprac- ticable, and, what is more, it would tend to divide authority, which ia clearly most un desiiablo at the present time. But, good' and enthusiastic as the meeting was iu some reBpectB, it was rendered of email valuo by the way iu which it .was turned ,to the account of one or two persons. Major Crowther, whose experience ought to liave made him know better, actually proposed that men should bo enrolled to serve under officers whom he named, the appointment of ono of whom would at once lead to utter,dis organiaation. ' Af tot tho rccont verdict of a jury, it is quite impossiblo that tho appoint- ment proposed could bo mado, as any ono can seo who considers the subjcot for a moment. In this matter a vory gravo mis- take was made,! and we can only wonder that those who seek to lead ,ttio people have pot more patriotism at such a time as the present than to mix up privato and disputed matters with those of tho gravost public im- portance. The feeling shown at the meet ing on the question of defence was sound and creditable to the people. Wo quite agree that the Ministry, although it haa done a great deal, has not mado snell a display as to awaken enthusiasm or even sccuro confidence. The people should have further osBuranco that nothing ia boing neglected. It should lead the way, as wo have seen done in the other Colonies. But, it must be remembered that Ministers 'cannot fitly attend meetings at which private matters are raked out, they cannot act with those who seek to overthrow all their ar- rangements, thoy cannot allow themselves to be dictated to as to whom thoy shall or shall not appoint. Such, a: course simply ¡means disorganisation, not organisation. There can be no real defensive work unless it ia carried on under ono authority, and that authority must bo undivided and undisputed. Wo do not -want a number of dobating societies. We do not want the griovauces of vaiious persons made the thorne of speeches when the defence of tho Colony is in question, and those who intrude thom can- not han. tho safety of the Colony at heart, If tho propio aro willing, as they cot taiUly scorned to bo last night, to como forward and ; assist the Ministry, which ia admitted to hive a moat difficult matter to deal w ith, I let thom do so heartily, without malting I attacks on those who havo the responsibility j of carrying out what can be done, and with 'out seeking to place tho Ministry in a posi Mon of serious embarrassment,,- Wo fear that tho good effect of tho lijcoting. will-bo Bpoiled by tho very foolish way in which it was turnod to private ends at ihojast, and which it is a great pity-that tho Acting Mayor did not stop by leaving tho chair, | CARLE NEWS. - A somewhat vcguoly worded and vngno meaaago catno to hand yestciday, stating that in St. Petersburg war between Great Britain and Russia is cousidorod inevitable, and that on Monday last tho Emperor of Russia intended to leave St. Potorsburg for Moscow, where the " Im- pel ¡al Mauifosto " would bo issued. The pi obablo interpretation of tho lattor portion of the message is that tho C/ar, paying bia aimunlformalvisitlo the ancient capital of his Empiro to Uko part in tho spooial religious ceromonies of tho Greek Church observed at tho commencement of May in every year, will tnko occasion to addrcBS his " children," but it does not necessarily follow that his mauifosto will bo a direct declaration of war. In the House of Commons Mr. Gladstone's appeal for an oxtraoidinary credit voto of six and a-liali millions was loyally mot, tho Houso voting tho monoy without a division. Still, tho desiro of tho HOUBO for penco at any price, savo dishonour, «as allown in tho fact that whon Mr. Gladatono doolarcd England could afford to closo< tho Pcndjeh episode without furthor enquiry, and that his Government could challenge tho verdict of civilised mankind aa to their conduct of the Afghan business, tho wholo Houso rang with enthusiastic cheers. A persistent rumour is afloat that tho Russians and AfghanB havo again met in conflict, and that on this occasion tim Russians havo Buffered defeat, with a loaaof 1,000 men or moro. The lumouris, aa yet, but doubtful, telegraphio communication with tho Afghan border territory having boon for eomo"days inter- rupted. Tho offor of the New South Walea contingent, now on active 8crvico in Egypt, baa been acooptcd by the English Govern- ment, for cither India or tho Mediterranean territory, as ocoaeion may roquiro, and very complimentary acknowledgment haa boen mado to the N.S. Walea Govern- ment. Tho Franco-Egyptian difficulty ovor tho suppression of tho Boapltorc Egyptien nowspapor is likely to be settled on torma satisfactory to all concernod. Tho United States troops recently sent to keep peace at Panama, on account of a local erneute, havo now been withdrawn, poaco ngain prevailing there. The Royal visitors to Iroland havo by this timo again arrived in England, after a not altogether auspicious tour. SPEEDY NEWS.-To Router's cabio mos sago received last evening, announcing tho passing of tho war voto of six and a half millions by tho Houao of Commons, waa ap- pended the following noto;-"The above telegram occupied ono hour and 50 minutes in transmission from London, being the shortest timo on record." . TUE DEFENCES OP SYDVEY.-Tho Chief Secretary yesterday received a telegram from Mr. Dalley, tho Acting Colonial Secre- tary of New South Wales, as follows : " We have notified in Government Qaztlle that channel giving access to Port Jackson, ; to « catward of Sow and Piga, will bo closed on and aftor 28th iuBt., also, that buoys 'painted red, mounted with red flags, will bo ¡placed betwoen certain pointa marked off by snell buoys, and no vessels or boats will, under any circumstances,> be permitted to pass within such pointa ; and, also, from sunset to Bunilaorcd lights will bo oxhibitcd at that opening of the channel.1' THE VOLUNTEERS.-Last ovoning the 'drillyard and Barrack-sqnai o ßhowed that , Tasmania is alive to tho situation. At the drillyard 20 lccruits wore being oxercised in preliminary drill, and tho Engineers were in strong force, preparing for the emer- gencies of actual warfare. There woro 75 S resent, under the command of Lieutenant «mott, and by hard and thorough work thoy aie piepaied now to lay mid connect minea in any part of tho river at a moment's notice. Tho Engineers aro tho really effect- ive forco of the colony. Tho Reserve Forco Earaded on tho Barrack-squaro to tho imm- er of 120. Colonol Bernard and tho Trea- surer (Mr. Burgosa) woro present, and seemed highly pleased with the appearance of the men. Thoy were exorcised in manual drill by Sorgcant-Major Aldciton, and did tho work in a satisfactory manner. Colonel Bernard then took command and put the men through a few preliminary battalion movo mcntB. Captain Wallack, tho adjutant, was also prosent. i ONCE A MONTH.-Mr. T. L. Hood, of Liverpool-sti cot, ia at preaont taking sub acribcra' names for this Australian serial publication. SYNOD OP TASMANIA.-Tho Synod of Tas- mania was oponed yoaterday in tho St, David's schoolroom, Harrington-Btreot. The Bishop presided, and there wnB n good attendance. The business was of a formal and preliminary character, and tho sitting was adjourned until this afternoon at half past 2 o'clock. Tho Bishop will deliver his pastoral charge to tho clorgy and tho members of the Church at half-past 4 o'olock. ' CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.-A caso of gross cruelty toahorso waa tried yeslorday.it thoCity Police Court, and the delinquent, aman named Lee, M'as fined 10s. Oil. and costs. The oD'enco «as committed at Sandy Bay, at the crossing of King- street with Cork-street. Tho unfortunate horse had n load of wood, ned in attempting to drag it through this well ki'own quagmire got stuck fast, and its brutal owner thereupon belaboured it so severely aa to cause the blood to flow, and the animal to jump and writhe with the in- tenso pain. The treatment tho horso was subjected to, indeed, was so sovcro that Borne of the neighbours interfered, and one lady, unable to ícstrain her indignant feelings any longer, romonstrated with tho fellow upon his inhuman conduct. Tho pour horse in the present case is not the only one that has suffered. Day aftor day, and many times during aomo days, horses get stuck fast in tho samo place, and yet nothing baa been dono to remedy this stato of affairs. Tho road trust is responsible, but the resi- dents in the vicinity might easily remove tho cause of so much suffering to tho horses that daily have to face it. A shilling conti ibu tion by each householder in Cork-street would furnish a fow loads of stono to fill up (the hollow caused by tli3 traffic to their placCB or a small sum would bo sufficient to got a rough and strong bridge for carts to go across. It is high time that something was dono in the matter, for as tho place is at present, it is a disgraco to all concerned, i AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHY.-There is now on view in the window of Messrs. J. Walch and Sons, Wellington Bridge, a collection of IG cabinet-sired photographs (framed) the work of Mr. Nat. Oldham. Tho series em- braces ( landscape, floral composition, and architectural subjects, exhibiting nn amount of'genuine taste and talent seldom' sur- passed, even by professionals. Now that amateur photography has becomo so popular, unsuccessful beginners should take heart from the fuct that Mr, Oldham is entirely self-taught. COLONIAL MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE SocibTY, LIMITED.-We havo received a copy of tho second quinquennial report of tho Colonial Mutual Life Assuranco Society, Limited. The actuary reports tliat ho has made a thorough and careful investigation into tho affairs of the society at 31st Mareil, 1884, which involved a review of every policy issued to that date, and he certifies to the very satisfactory results obtained. Tho net cash surplus, as the result of the investi- gation, amounts to £48,033 17s., out of .which tho directors have resolved to divide among the members cntitlad to, participate £45,000, which sum will provide reversionary bonuses exceeding £100,000. Bonus certifi- cates have been issued showing tho amount each individual member it entitled to receive as his or her aharo of the profit. The amount of business transacted by the society during the 10 years under review has been very large, policies having been issued assuring in amount over £0,500,000. < Considering that the society commenced operations in >1873 without any funds whatovor, and closed the first five years of active business with funds amounting to.JC63.G28 Is. Gd., the members must bo gratified to realize that the funds and property of tho institution accu- mulated at the dato of the second quinquen- nial investigation amounted to no less than £385,269 4s. Oil., whilo al tho preaont time they considerably exceed £450,000 sterling,' being more than sevenfold tho resources nt tho beginning of the quinquennium. Tho report before UB completes tue work of tho first 10 yeal s, and tho results establish tho position of the society, and confirm the pro- gress which from year to year, during tho decade, have presented a record of continu- ' ona pi ospority. From tho outset tho mem- bers havo each had a considerable and ¡inmediato bonus by obtaining assurances at rates considerably lower than thoso used by tho majority of tho offices. The surplus now divided oxi'inplifics the soundness of tho principle of charging rates which, while .sufficient, arc not excessive, and justifies tho ipolioy of tho office by showing, in a marked degree, the profitable uatuto of its opera- tions, i THE CONVALESCENT HOME,-It had beon .intended to hold a private con'cort at Sandy ¡Bay on friday cvening, 1st proximo, in aid of the Convalescent Homo, but tho con- cert has been unavoidably postponed until 'the ovoning of the 8th proximo. - SBI-REMK COURT.-The bearing of tho action for slander. Walker r. Smith, was con- tinued at tho Civil Sittings of the Supremo ( Court yesterday. The taking of evidenco ^occupied until noon, and from then until ft p.m. was taken up with tho counsels' speeches and tho Judgo's summing up. 'J ho jury, after being locked up for throo-quar tura of an hour, bl ought in a verdict for the defendant. The remaining caao on tho roll ia that of Broofse r>, .Sims and anr., olaim ¿3,000, ticspaas, Elliston and Foathoi atone for plaintiff, Gill and Ball for defendants. Tho Small Debts Court, which waa to havo como on to- day, will bo adjourned from day to da) until tho Civil Sittings aro concluded. CITY POLICE Corar.-Mr. Win. Tin loton, P.M., and Mr. J. Robertson, J.P., officiated at tho City Police Comt yesterday, and dis- posed of the following eases ..-Cuthei ino Dowling pleaded guilty ts> begging alms in Collins-strcot on 27th ¡nat., and waa orderod to bo sent to tho Invalid Station. Riolmid Wallaco, for indecent behaviour in a publio atreot on the 27th inst., was finod 20a, Od., or ono month's imprisonment. Thomas Whito, for a similar ofTonco, was fined 20a. Gd., or ono month. Rachel Bird, charged with disturbing the peace in a yard abutting on a public streot, waa fined 10B. Gd., or in default, 14 daya in gaol.' John Bush, for being drunk mid incapablo on27th inat., WSB fined £1, or 14 days. Samuel Latham and Danisl Cain, two inebriates, woro fined 5s. and 10a. Gd. respectively, with tho usual alternatives. Charles Bassett pleaded guilty to disturbing the peace on tho 27th iiiBt, and was fined 10a. 6d., or 14 daya. James Far- row was charged with boing idlo and dis- orderly, and sleopinc in a Btablo on the 28th ¡nat. Iho defendant had been convicted on two provioua occaaioiiB of laroeny. Tho Bondi sent bim to gaol for two months. Sarah Coleman, aged 17, on remand from Monday, charged with jostliug passora-by, waa fined 10a. Gil., or 14 days. McKenzie v. McKenzie.-Battery. Mr. D. Crisp applied for a remand, as the parties had agreed to a sopatatiou, and the terms of agreoment had not boon comploted. Tho Bondi thorcforo romnnded the caao till Wodueaday wook. Gtrolino Milla, chargod on tho information of Superintendent Pcddor with keoping a diaoicfcrly houao, was remanded for a week. Johnson Sharp was charged with committing a breach of the Police Act in allowing bia dog to bo at largo, Defendant pleaded guilty, and waa filled 5a. and coats. Mat- thew Leo waa charged, on tho information of Superintendent Propsting, with having, on tho IStli iii8t., cruelly ill-treated bia horno at Sandy Bay. Defendant waa severely repri- manded by the Bondi, and fined 10s, Gd. and costs, or in default, 14 days' imprisonment. THE LATE CAPTAIN MARSDEN. - The funeral of the late Captain Thomas Marsden took place yesterday afternoon, when his re mains were interr ed in the Cornelian Bay Cemetery. The cortege left Murray-street at 3 p.m., it mustering some 20 carriages, and proceeded to St. David's Cathedral, where service was conducted by the Rev. H. C. Hancock, Miss Reynolds chanting the " Dead March " in Saul on the organ. The funeral procession then wended its way down Macquaric-street and up Elizabeth street. Upon arrival at the grave yard the following pall-bearers marched with the coffin to the place of interment. The Hon. Major P. O. Fysh, Major O'Boyle, Lieuts. Freeman, Beedham, Robertson, and E. H. Butler. The burial Service was here per- formed by the Rev. Mr. Hancock. The coffin, which was constructed of polished Huon pine, was literally, covered with flowers, the gifts of friends anxious thus to show their esteem for the deceased. A large number of his old associates, including members of the 99th Regiment, followed his remains to their last resting place. The funeral was witnessed by a very large con course of people, and among the attendants were Colonel St. Hill, Sergeant-Majors Brears and Alderton ; Messrs. R. J. Lucas, M.H.A., R. L. Roberts, and members of the present volunteer force. A communication had been received from Colonol Legge, who sent word that pressing duties at the bat- teries prevented him attending, but his sympathy was with the whole family in their bereavement. SEUOKANT-MAJOR BREARS.-Wo under- stand thoio is a possibility of Sergeant Major Broars following in tho footstops of Cnpt. E. T. Boddnm, and 'obtaining an ap- pointment under the Now Zealand Govern- ment. An influential recommendation baa been made on his behalf, and hie credentials forwarded. The New Zealand Govorninont have ample scope for tho abilities of a mili- tary man of Sergoint-Major Brcars' oxpori enco, and it is quito within tho limits of probability that his services will bo gladly acoopted. Hohi'iTALliEMS.-At tho hospital ycBtcr day Inkerman Taylor had his toe, which had been crushed by a log falliug upon it at the Main Line Railway, dressed. John Taylor, a hoy four years of ago, was attended to for bruises of the leg caused by having been run over by a cart whilo returning from school. Sarah Taylor, a labourer's ohild residing in Goiilburn-stiect, had soveral burns cauBcd by her clothra taking firo while sho was leaving tho firoplaco. Hor injuries were attended to, and tho little girl is doing well. OPENING OF THIS OATLANDS PARATTAH RAILWAY.-In connection with the opening of tho Oatlands-Parattah branch line of rail- way on K1 til prox., an announcement in our advertising columns intimates that Mr. C, IT. Grant has consontcd to run special traies from Hobart and Launceston at excursion rates. Tho bon. sec, Mr. Sydney Pago, waited on tho manager of the T.M.L R. yes- terday in referenco to this important matter, and Mr. Grant, in view of making tho open- ing of the branch Uno, with the races, as attractivo as possible, acceded to the request. The special tram from Hobart will Ieavo tho southern terminus at 9 a.m., and that from Launceston at 7'45 a.m., both returning the snmo evening. As is customary on these auspicious occasions, it is anticipated that the Government will run trains on tho branch hvo to and from Parattah and Oatlai da during the day, convoying exemaionists freo of charge. The privileges in connection with tho raco meeting, vi/., tho har under grand stund, committco booth, and gates, will ho sold by public auction at Oatlands to-morrow afternoon. Under tho vory promising cir cumstanccs the sale will doubtless come up to the expectations of the committee of tho raco club. , , CRICKET.-The following aro tho names of tho rcBpectivf olovens piokod to play tho re- turn match between Bakers and Publicans on tho upper cricket ground, wickets to ho pitched at 12 o'clock to-day :-Balers.-J. Rogers, E. Rogers, F. Qawan, "Jno. Mooro, E. Hopkins, H. Gibson, N. Bonnitoha, J. Ackland, Jno. Shirley, Joe Smith (oapt.), II, Beasley. Publicans.-H. Brown, J. Russell, C. Beek, G. Creawoll, D. Weat. H. Smart, F. Butler, R. Bonhamo, J. Olgilvie, T. Bagley (eapt.), J. Langford. ' FOOTBALL. - Tho Carlton and Strahan Cluba will meet on the Battery ground to- day. Tho following aro tho teama : Strahan-MoNamara (captain), Molloy, J, Miller, W. Hook, N. Bonnitcha, J. Dalton, B. Frazer, J. Rose, W. Lester, A. Lester, T. Hehir, Hopwood, B. Read, H. McFio, R. Miller. The Carlton team will,bo,ohoson from the following:-W. Eady,'A. Miller, A. Pagot, A. Abel, J. Evans, Propsting, P. Mason, Stump, F. Harrison, J. Clinch, G. Allwright (captain), O'Brien (2), A. Mackay, Lovett, Briggs, Kirby, Birchall, .Hudson, Gillham, and Whittington. ' THEATRE ROYAL.-Last evening thoro was a very good audionco at the Thcatro Royal to witness the final performance of Ils Never Toa Late ia ¡lend. As on the previous even- ing tho drama went woll, and thoso present scorned to appreciate both the morale of tho story, and tho manner in which the ideas of;tho dramatist woro reproduced hythe members of tho company. In the intervals tho orchestra, under the able leadership of Mr, J. Brown, played the following : Overture,' "La Diademe," Borman ; waltz (by request) "Seo Saw," Crowe ; fantasia on English airs-Gems of England, Basquit ; quadrille on Lecocq's celebrated opera Little büke, arranged by J, Brown. To-night the company havo laid out for themselves tho difficult task of producing the Scotch drama of Rob Roy, and as evory preparation is being mado in order to have a capital repré- sentation thcro should bo a largo audience HORTICULTURAL SHOW.-At the autumn show of the Hobart Amateurs, Gardeners, and Cottage! B' Horticultural Society, com- mencing to-day at tho Exhibition- building, at 3 p.m., the Metropolitan Band will play a well-selected programme, as announced in our advertising columns. Exhibitors aro rcmlndod by the secretary that their exhibits must bo sent in by 10 o'clock this morning. OUSE.-Our correspondent writes:-For the past three weeks wo havo had fino mild weather, with bright sunny days and cool nights. There were two smart black frosts, As an instanco of the extraordinary fine weather at this season of the year, I may iinontion thatsovoral very largo ripo Btraw borries, of the British Quoon varioty, woro picked within tho last fow days in the Cawood garden. They woro of oxcollont flavour. Thoro were also a great many others fully grown, but not ripo. Tho bridge over the Kenmere Rivulet at Burris' is still impaBaablo. It is reported that tho con- tract for the erection was taken about a i month ago, yot nothing has been done to it. The Government havo greatly improvod the Marlborough-road near Victoria Valley. Those travelling along it apeak moat highly of the work. I 'i '?,',', BAZAAR TniurLAn» HALL, NEW TOWN. Tilla afternoon the bazaar in aid of IVio Now Town Wcsloyan Parsonage Fund will bo formally oponed at 3 o'clock by tho Jlon. W. 11. Burgess, and Ibero is iiltoly to I» a largo attendance oí friends to the cause, TAo bazaar will bo continued on tho Biiccocdlng dnys until Fiiday evening, when, if ail things prosper, the stock of goods now pro pared will havo dwindled down to insignifi- cant remnants, and tho fund havo boen propoi tionatoly augmented. SMALL ARMS KAcrounrfi' W _ RUSSIA. Engineering says that by the addition of im- proved machinery to lier threo omall anns factories, Russia is now in a position to turn out 2,000 rules per diom, or, reckoning 300 working days, at tho ralo of 000,000 n year. This ia a great iiicioase upon tho production of, foi mer days. The busiest peiiod1 recorded was in 1878, «'bon nil tho faetones wore worked at their hardest, in anticipation of a lovy of the militia to co- oporato in tho ex- pected wnr against England. Tho turn-out of tho Tula faolory thnt year waa 154,525 BordaiiB, the Ijeff factory 145,5000, and tho factory at Sestrorctsk 142,000 Bcrdans,.or in all 441,525. At tho present moment the uuinbor of Bord.-ins required for tho Russian army annually is 100,000. Thus tho fac- tories possess n producibility six timos in ex- cess of tho normal rato, mid could readily supply China or any other Power willi onougli weapons to equip an army. Tho re cout report that Russia had agreed to supply China with 200,009 or 300,000 Bordans ia questioned, but sha baa consented to furnish Bulgana with a very largo number this yoar. Tho St. Petersburg Journal says that tho Militia, or territorial army, was, till tho other day, very badly armed, and that in tho event of ita being called out it would havo had only niuz/dolo.idors of a very old pattern, being looked upon as nothing moro than a substituto for troops generally em- ployed for ordinary service at home. Tho now military law provides for tho Militia being constituted into a force capable of mooting the enemy in tho fiold in tlio oveiit of being required, with permanent forma- tion and armod accordingly. Tho imiBkcts now used aro, thcroforo, to bo replaced by rapid-filing Bordan lilies, whilo the non- commissioned officors aro to bo armed with Smith and Wesson rovolvors. Each legion is to bo ready for the field within a month of being called up. ENOLAND AND ITALY.-Tho Anglo-Italian alliance (writes one of the numerous Paris correspondents) is a great triumph for Eng- lish diplomacy. It suddenly stops tho moutlia 1 of those who woro boasting that England had no allies, and was, in fact, isolated. But it lias done moro. It has shown up Princo Bis- marck, and knocked ovor his combinations, which, for a timo, deluded public opinion. It is a reflection nu the sincerity of the union of tho threo Emporors also. Franco is sliding out of tlio German flirtation ; it lias floue her a great deal of harm, by bringing about a union betwocn England and Italy ; lier jealousy and love of sousing territory havo alienated tho lattor power. Every day Franco will pcrcoivo tho groat political error slio has made in this respect. Bismarck's reputation lins suffered by his reception in 'the German Parliament, for to bo hissed and hooted never bofoll the moat unpopular Minister in tho hiatory of Fronoh parlia- mentary life. Tho Prince, in his programme ,of snubbing England, may yot discover ho has been sowing tlio wind for Germany. .Alsaco is still tho Bauquo's ghost, and 'Franco, despite tho tension in her relations with England, does not contemplate n rovengo of Waterloo. She intends to wipo out lier Teuton defeat first. EXTENSIVE IRRIOATION EXPERIMENTS. "Soino irrigation experiments on a largo seale havo recently bcon mado at tho North Brighton station by Mr. W. Carter, tho ownar of that extensivo property, consisting of several thousands of acres. The home- stead ia situated just abovo tho Dooenwcir, on the Wimmera, and Mr. Caiter is oonso quontly fortunato enough to havo a good supply of water running right through his land. It ia only within the last few months that Mr. Carter carno to the conclusion that irrigation would considerably improvo tho land, and ho accordingly turned the water on a plot in November last and gave it a soak- ing, with tho result that in January, when scarcoly a bindo waa to bo seon anywhere elso in the paddock, this patch was thickly covered with green grasa. So satisfied was lie with tho result of thia experiment thnt he purchased a portable ongino and ono of Munro's centii fngal pumps, and a fow clays ago he mado a trial to ascertain how it would work, mid to discover whothor irrigation on a larger scale would be practicable. 1 lo had tho ongino and pump placed in position and set a man and horses ploughing a channel from the pump several hundred yards along tho flat. Two furrows having boen ploughed near each other, mon were sot to work with spades (for want of better implements), to remove the looso earth and piuco it on tho sides of the furrows. This having boen done, branch furrows woro ploughed in different direc- tions, tho earth being removed in each instanco with spades. Water was then pumped for two or three days, and all tho land that could be touched by theso furrows received a thorough soaking. Tlio plant was thou removed a few chains further up tho river, nnd tho process was re- peated along tho higher ground, BO that altogether over 300 acras woro irrigated. Tho orchard next received attention, and this wns first irrigated from the last men- tioned point in tho river, tho plant being subsequently removed further up to water that portion of tho orchard not touched from the lower side Tlio wholo process oc- cupied about uiuo days, and Mr. Carter is porfoclly satisfied with tho result of the work. Although applied lato in the season, tho paddock operated upon ia quito green already, presenting quito a contract to the parched fields around, and looking Uko a gigmitio lawn. Tlio furrows havo all been filled in and sown with lucerno and other grasses, which is also being dono as an experi- ment. The offect of the water on the orchard wasmarvollous,ast!ictrccsliavoquitoaBpring like appearance. The pear and apple trees uro all out in full bloom, ono pear tree espe- cially being as heavily elad as in spring. Tho quineo trees havo also bcon greatly benefited. Mr. Carter is so elated willi his first trial that beforo next season ho will procuro a largo quantity of pipes, so as to bo able to reach both the high and low land. His irrigation plant is easily removed, as it morely consists of a portable engine, centri- fugal pump, the latter mounted on wheels Uko a waggon, and two ¡ron tanks to break tho force of the water. In excavating tho channels tho ditching plough and buck scraper, mentioned by Mr. Deakin as behm in use in America, would havo been found vory useful.'' I A special mooting of mombors of the Hobart Parliimontary Donating and Litornry Asso- ciation will bo held this ovoning at 7'.'JO. 