EVENINGS AND MORNIMGS IN THE BUSH. Bx " Pbuteteb." [The game of controversial loo continues— Mr. James WeBterman's family and their doctrinal views—The baptism battle and the Bible—James goes to Bngby—What he learned there besides football—Goes to Baliol, and iB to go "into the Church"— Beads for Holy Orders, and honrifies his uncle, the dean, by his unholy refusal to be sent into the Church—Emigrates to Australia, and wanders as far as Grongar Hill- Mrs. Gwyder thinks logic lost on women- She prefers illustration—What the infidel wants God to do—Which is first in a spark : the Heat, the Light, or the Colour t] Mb. Jahbs Webtbmiak was the youngest son of an officer of high rank in the Boyal Artillery. His three older brothers were also _ in tbe army, but it was the wish of his mother and of his unole, who was now a dean with an income of £2000 a year, that James Westerman should " go into the Church." By going into the Church his mother and uncle did not exactly mean that he was out of it ; bnt, being Anglioan Protestants, like all Protestants they used the phrase in a oonfused and paganised sort of way, to signify that they wonld hare him become a minister of the Church. Multitudes of Protestants of all the dissevered and contradictory " Churches" do not—and, by the fault of their religious education, cannot—realise the Christian fact tbat it is by the Sacrament of Baptism, as by a door, that all the sons and daughters of Eve enter into the visible Society of the Faithful on earth; that there is only this one door for entrance into that visible Society. There is only one baptism, by whomsoever administered, and, therefore, when Protestants speak of the "Church of their baptism" as if every Protestant sect had a separate baptism of its own, they are talking not only nonsense, but anti-Christian falsehood. The baptism which Protestants administer to one another may, it is true, be only an empty, unsanctified, unsanctifying application of water; but, in so far as it may happen to be given with the intention of doing what the Church does when she baptises, it is the Catholic rite, and introduces them into a new state or relationship towards God, and makes tbem members of a society which is the kingdom of Christ on earth. That is, the "Sacrament" [as they call it] of Baptism plants them in the Churoh; and James Westerman was " going into " it for nineteen or twenty years—that is, he was going, when old enough, to a Protestant bishop' to be ordained as an Anglican deaoon. This was what they meant by "going into the Church." You may think it very strange indeed that a dean of the Anglican Church, a gentleman Of good family, great scholarship, and worth £2000 a year, should allow himself to use such unprofessional language ; bat you see what want of thought and a defective Christianity will do. The Very Bev. Dean was of the "Low" school, and the Low school holdg that the Sacrament of Baptism is only " a sign"—an " outward sign"—not sacramentally united to any regenerating graoe. Taking the Very Bev. Dean at his word, some other Protestants asked, " What, then, is the good of it?" and so saying they left it off altogether, and kept to the inward spiritual part. For the self-same reason these Protestants left off Bread and Wine in the Lord's Supper, and thns got rid of both the Protestant Sacraments, and yet stuck hard to "the Bible." The Bible, they said, insisted on no Sacraments, and they would go by the Bible. When James Westerman's uncle resigned the mastership of M—— College to be dean, his nephew James was sent to Buobt. He was not a boy of very brilliant abilities, but he was of a sedate, studious, and inquiring disposition. The Beverend Dr. T at this time Bat upon the academic throne lately occupied by that emperor of pedagogues, Arnold, who, on assuming the ferula-soeptre, addressed his boys, and said to them:—"It is notneoessary that there should be 300 pupils in this sohool; but it is necessary that all who are at this sohool should be gentlemen." Arnold reformed Bugby, and made it well behaved in Chapel, manly on the football ground, and eke to be somewhat oritioal when reading St. Paul's Epistles. Arnold's influence still pervaded the" olaBS-roome, the football field, and the chapel When Dr. T -, subsequently Arohbishop of C-—,' came into office. The new Head was, perhaps,'on the whole', an advahoe upon the Arnold jjfloc. The light was growing brighter in Bngby. The essaye and reviews had flashed upon the dark places-of England, and th& Gmiutloci of Bugby was fond of glare. The era of liberty had opened, and James Westerman, at 17, came in as they were learning ' to breathe it. He afterwards went up to Baliol, and oame out, in due time, a good. Jtthiob Opxixe in the degrees list. In the winter of the same year he went in to read for Holy Orders. There was no ecolesiastioal course of study then oominon to the two provinces of Canterbury and York. Each bishop, in his 'own diocese, named the books whioh) be expected candidates 'for ordination to ''read up for Orders." Their examination would hinge on these books, and elloit tfcieir knowledge of Eodesiology, Biblical and Church History, the Liturgy, Articles andCanons, drotlus, Bingham.Wlwiatley, ftooker, Pridenx, Burnett, JoiepHuf, Bod some polemical Work, suoh as Barrow. Theology was almoit referred to eaoh candidate's' discretion, only keeping an near to the language of the "Prayer Book", and the " Catechism " ds individual taifte or educational bias or bumah prsdenee migjit suggest. It was known that some bishopa were "High".andsome bishops were " Low." James ^estermaki bad heard of these things, all men hear of What concerns them among tbfeir compeers whom it also concerns. They were Shapes and voioes in. thp air. Bat now he was brought faoe to face with doings and witSi doctrines of his Ohurdh, aha ere very long he began to exercise Ids' Rugby art of critioism, not only on Jewish Antiquities and Anglioan rubrics, bat even on tile "services" and creeds, which were motet oertMrily to be believed. The Athanasi^n Creed stood as a "stone wall" aoross Lis path. Having only the most flimsy and. Superficial aquaintance with the polemical annals of the Church, Mr. Westerman, whin getting ready to go in for his deacori's Orders, did not know against what falfee doctrines the definitions or dogmatic statements of that creed were directed. He this was left without the key of the creed, aid mistook both the object and the purport of its declarations, and was wholly in the da^k aS to its interpretation. Besting on his own egregious misconceptions of the creed, and paying no heed to the fact that Whoever denies one doctrine of the Faith' denieB all, hestumbled at the dtetririe of The TrihUtf as defined in the Athananan Creejd, aiid opposed bis' 0W9 opinion npirn it to thfi solemn decisions of synofrs composed of men who had been called on to confront the heresies which'it condemned. He had been prepared to do so by s floating tendency at Brigby to make light Of all " oreeds." As' a youth he had hesid the Athabasian Creed decided as " A HlU? OF I^^OOI(FBEHIRra]B£BS. ,, He had heard of Hone being prosecuted ior "blKtphemy " bticanW be had written'a ludicrous' parody on that creed, and Hofae had been acquitted: The young' candidate for Holy Orders had now to spell His wky through the phraseology of the creedhehbd been tBught to langh at, and it strnok him as abeord, and insulting to his' " common sense." Then article vi. of the xxxik'. spoke of it as proveable by Holy 8criptuije, and then Mr, Joe. Westerman took leave to think that the Scriptures were as absurd as the creed, and, being, vary , honest, he refused to go: in for Holy Orders, and took to the leading of Franois Newman's books, atid then. glided into the Obanning sobool of ffcitarianism, sweetened with a slice of Emmersonian Transcendentalism., His unale., the dean, was awfully agngyed, aid sot the Bishop ol B——_to converse with qis~ infatuated.neptew. , His mother entreated and expostulated) bat James was. obd urate. He<jvould-not go inforpoly Orders, wbi$b oompell^d him to read tb'e Ath'anasiain Creed at mprriing prayera in the church ondeja niontbinsteaa of tneApoBtles* Cieed. Big xuotbefdifed some rtOiitW after his refusal, and, as Australia wM getting' so vefy weutny, it beoame at the same time 1 a fashionable 6M~foi English expursioniste pf the unemployed futility olactf, and Jatnles came out' to s6e what edit of two- legged animals of tbi genufe Hdmi they Were on both ti&ep; of the Blue Mountains. Roaming 1 bithier abd thither, be oame u{>on GrongW, andtheVe he fell in with an old schoolfellow at-Rugb^, who htid emigrated two years previously add was now editor ofthe Gtongar Morning CKttMjnAH, the newspaper oraofe of thai flourishing town'; which ititends to be a city atf 46ok jas itoata geta resident bishop. Mr. Westerman aU'at oibe conceived a great 16ve of journalism, and inverted £1000 in tbe purchase of ohe half the Grongar Morning' Chatiipiori, and m djttaealso a regular contributor tb its columns, litis substantial auxiliary added greatlyto the circulation and influent* of the paper, abd as both he and bis co-proprietor were bachelors, theybad apartments in the Horit' tho 'eand Shovel Hotel. He waiB very popular among bu Grongar acquaintances, and, though rather reserved in. irianner, waa favourite with Mr. O wen Bees, the landloifd, whine'brpther was editor of a Liverpool paper at horned . Mr. "Westermsii's apprebeneibn Was tbattiie AtfciinaBian .Creed, taughttqat" the three persons in the Godhead were ohe jierBon. The^. creed teabjties ihat in essential, nature of Gpd^ there pe a.threefcud trtimtiiiiy. ^^^e&.tbl^WMpointeidout to bitn, l|r. WeBterman rephW, Surely the creed ieaobes you tha^Winnet ,worehij> Orie QM til Trinity, «jut l^it^.in Umtv ; && ^Ihisbul teao\ing fybu_t]hat' (hi tbrea'p«rapns are Ofie j^rpon r ; yGipd is dot At itiiper- •onali^y. _JEte'is a personal dejty, atid ydnr p^r'eoti—'wl^dh riMd WbS'rf , ooatra3iBtt&!in tertosi" " Will ^ifllo^," I deKed hiin, " that God h4s B ; ntfttti!« r " TeS," be said, " God'h'is the natub of Goi." " And wljat sbrt of rifituW is itf" f in'^uifed. " God," he replied; "isa sttiHt atid'baVthe nattire'of a spirit." "That is," I said, "be W a spiritual nature. Is this spiritual natn're identical with bis p^reotoality—for you adait personality in Gbd ?",. ." Yes," be said, J 1 1 believe in the personalit^f One God." " You do not answer my-qa^twti," I said, *>; I Will th^reforp ask yoi^ siiother. We three y^io Bit jtVMiipo-ta1>l8 are' ttbrM difitiniji persoilB, e^h,onO.separate from^the other. Bat. we ate'..imman, tetng's, .agd bavp a hutn|tn natore jfh'ii^ is .conaapri to us' three'. P ojir iuman u»w^;« and pM fevered and : <Ha. iof nnmoablft- multUttile tA^rtftiiMu* in an essential tTnity in nature. "Personality is not Nature, nor is natiiirfe personality ; but we can, with the utmost facility, perceive and understand that while every btinan beinjaf on the earth has a distinot personality of their own, tbe whole of these human beings are one in nature. Well, you admit that God has His own nature, and in His nature per-, eonality. InJHis nature, or essence, God is eternal, undivided Unify in an eternal and threefolddistinction, called pPrsonH, which we worship a£ the Father, the Soil, and the Holy Ghost, which is, ih fact, tbe name of God." " For my part,*' said Mrs. Gwyder, who for the last minute bad been holding her cards inherlefthand, and leaning her chin on the back of her band in a pretty attitude of silent attention, "for my part, and,as a woman, I prefer illustration to argument.. ,Mx. Gwyder used' to say that logio was lost on women, but illustration convinoed them at once. IUucidate me' if yoa can." " Mr. Westferrnab contends'," I said, " that" it is a contradiction to s^eak of TJflit^ in God, while we maintain that He' is threefold in His personality. Now, there is no contradiction in tbe dogma of God's-Trinity in 'Unity. What is our idea or conception of God? 1st. That He is Infinite Power; 2nd*. That He is Infinite Wisdom; and 3rd. That He is Infinite Love or Goodness. The idea of God requires nothing more for tbe complete fullness of a supreme divine perfection, than" Power Infinite, Wisdom Infinite, atld Love Infinite. Does this commend itself to your reasoil as reasonable?" "I do not object' to it," replied Mrs. Gwyder. " Well, then," I continued," " you see, -fee have here in tbe necessary or essential natore of God a trinity—power, wisdom, and love<— each of which is conceivably distinct frokn the other. The jwwer is not the wisdom, nor is the wisdom the love of Glod. They are dietinot irpairurra, appearances, or persons, but we oannot think of them as three separate - Gwtor Ther idea of God eiolades all gods bat One, and in Him there;is a plenitude of suprenfe perfection as to His power, His wisdom,-and His love. Is njot this a trinity P Can yoa take away aiy of tbese three withoiM diBtroyio jf the idea of God ? No. And'if we think of the infinite Power as Creator or Fattier, and of tbe infinite Wisdom [Logos] as the Son, and of the infinite Love.as, the. Holy Spirit, whkt is there in.so thibktn^ to overtax Faith pr to offend Beaton as an Absurdity iinpossiole' to tolerate? I am not Pfflrnling any-, thing. You asked for illustration, and , I offer yon what you ask for. I suggest a hypothesis based on the fapt that the id& jof God necessarily implies infinite'power, infinite wisdom,'and infinite love, and that the^e can only be One suc^i God. Is not this, tlieb, aomething very like Tanran in Umrs, as the creed saj«, Bfrd, at tbe' aa'tSe tinrt, tftit [Of essenoe or'nature] in a'distinot and tbr^efold personality ?" " It looks very like it." observed Mrs. Gwyder. "If yon waiit 'another illustration of .threefold properties in one object," I said, " be ao good" aa .tp lobk here." ,Then,.taking out my notfr-book l tore a blank leaf from it, and with my penoil deboribed an equilateral triangle, upon tbejpapir. This done, I.asked Mrs. Gwyder hoWanafay lines I had draVn. <' You have drk'wb three lines," she replied. " Mr. WeBfomiatt mil tell you," I s£id, "thrft I haV& drk^ii oifty one line. Look agaiti aB I retraoe it." Then I drew my pencil over the line -without lifting it, ahd thus caused ber to ufaderstdnd very dearly that I bad drawn one continuous lihe which, when tbe two ends were. joindd, circumscribed a three- sided, area.I pointed to the sideB.one by one, and pointed out tnat eaob was distinct from tbe ot£er, yet lineaiily united, giving us threefold doiffiguration in diagrammatic Unity: distinction in the three - sides, atld onenpss in' the ge'ometriqal sUperfioies; aiid tbe iliustratiori may Btig'gegt tbe thought thai:; air a triangle in the vety nature of tUings oannot" be a triangle witbotat having three sides, so God casrnot 1 by .HU nature be What He is without a threefdld distinptipn^of. Persops, b«OBps^ he piuat pe' Power infinite^ Wisdpm infinite,; Lojre infinite.'' "Your Uiustrationa,'saifl Mr. We'sterinan, " do ndt seem to.Iet ioi a'ny ligpt on that. statement in the At^ianasikn Crefed which declares, the s&'ooiia" person in tbe (Sfodhead,^ called' The Soii, to l 1ra;Cbeternal with the .Father. ' Does' dot the idea of 5e«irAip imply ^Horlty of ^dst^ioe the part of The Fatter " Itt bur generation, certainly it does," I plied, "hut God is not at: all conditions, as fipitp,',4nd erpated ;bpint8 are. God in His, epsence/ or nafpre fis self :existept as He i^ fjpm all,eternity ajas Power, t^isdpm,' andye'?^p.a]s ^ 4 " ! - threefold^ rplatibn to himself: p^lledrpi eaib' aii^^boni' stfa^t^^usl^ Mf. Wesierm'sis; 1 "as Wdt GHod dUOfei this' inysfefy of Sfttsilf'to you'ift etfehi a; manned as that youi shall comprehen'd' Gpd^ as He comprehends) Himself^ and thtar make yon as wise as Himeelf,lwb|ch ;wpuld be ! simply'to undeify Himself by. pnttiilg, jour neypr ^6.thlsy« f . of and doirtft wH4t Ete' does telly on olHiihself and tbe nrode of ' Hiri TheieUs absolutely ao ^difficulty in believing whpt God has made known to" us of jwi^ tbe fionv; or the oi-pge] Wisdom, (m GTreiek the logos),, is Beat, Light, and Colour—three iga oo* •nst&t; and elmiilUneoajSy e^Utiifi. The Heat is not the Light, ntft is the l%ht tlje' Colour'; they* ate three 'diSnnot' propfeitM 6f the otie spbrk, atid jou oannot ever tell' whidh of tbem Wtit chronologically first Or whiqh was last in cotniog into existence.' They oame together, and the three, things, Heat, Light, and Colour, presented themselves inja distinot nnity as the spark leaped forth from the flint at the oolision of. the steel. Can yob tell whioh came first t Was it the Light or the Heat or the Colour? Can you explain the .. .„ HoW of the phenomenon as^regairds the priority of the undivided co-existence of the Ligbt, Heat, and Colour in the spark? No. Yet you ask for explanations about the priority" of existence of this person or that person of the Trinity when t))6f&;ca"n be no priority in the case, as it is of the very natnre of God that the threefold .personalities of Father, Son, and Holy Spirit sire eterndlly do'-exi^Mut, none being eitlwr before or after the other. Do you deny that thgise is Heat," Light, aPd Colour in, the spark? j No. Was it the beat or firb'.in the spark which' produced the Llgbt ? Was it thb iiiglit Whioh produced the Colour I 1 Porlicfpa so; but the light, for all that, w.Ks as soon as r the Heat, and the'Heat u soon as th^ Colo^" "Mr. Wefitehtan," said : Mrs. Gwyder, "I begin to feel as' if the ghost of Athan&ibs; was seated ini that chaic near you;' and [shaking his. theological head at me ina rather alarming manner.. If yoa are good at laying ghosts,.now is your time ; but if ndt, there are three sixpenoes in the pool, and' I must only comfort myself with-the hope of winning.them." 26th May, 1885. Killed by a Fall of Eabth.—Xn accidental fall of- eartb, whioh resulted the death; of one . man and serious injuries to another, ocourred a few minutes before 8 o'clock on Tuesday morning, in the Supreme" Court re'Mtvfe", to the West of- the old Supreme Court' in Latrobe-street. A site for the Workingmen's College wias granted to the prPiibter's of the institution by the Government somp tame agd, and several days einoe tbe excavations for the building were eommenoed. The. labourers employed there made the "falls'*, in the' usual way by cutting clefts about 5ft. apart, and. then, by undleirmining the intervening earth, caused'it to fall, A ontting bad been prepared on Saturday ready for filling whbii work was rt'Suncied. Oii Tnesday 'mornin jl A dray was backed np to receive the earth esiit fell, bdt a^ it did not comb rfWif reaidiljy, Franete'Ho^an and Oharies StephMubn v^ebt 'between the dray and the cutting to essi it. The groufid, wbioh had been rendered ratten :by tbe r$in, broke away, and buried Hogan cotopletely ; a large quantity fell on Stepheii : ison. Both men wprp speedily unearth^. Stephenson was oonBidenbiy brpised ^botat the face, hands, and chest! and Hogap, wiiO was' very muoli disbolonred, appeared, to be sciiroely dftifc} ttriMfifcetotf' removed them to the'Melbdrirife Ho^pi^ where Dr. Pardey saw them.' He safd that Ho^'an w)ai already dead from suffoo^tfpn. . Stephenson's wounds were dressedf, and although advised, to remain in the imtitation, be deoided to go tp his ho.me, in Charleston- terrace, Nioholscbstreet, Carlton. Hogan was about 25 years old, and resided in Carlton, atid Stephenelon is 37 years'of age. Thb Dom Hotel, in Cologne, fell in on Aie 2nd ult. The occupants hacl barely ti|ue to escape, the creaking' and shaking of the building warning'tbem that a collapse of ihe structure was about' to occur. ' 