TURF NOTES, The Australian Jockey Club commenced on Easter Monday what promises to be a ttOBt successful meeting to tlie end of the chapter. Backers were put on to good terms with themselves by the easy manner in which the Wagga gelding Student pulled them through in the Hurdle Race, starting, too, at the nice figure of 5 to 2. But the followers of public form received a terrible faoer in the defeat of Commotion for the Autamn Stakes. The champion, judging by the liberal odds of 5 to 2 laid on liim.it was anticipated, had the four opposed to him at his mercy. Still there was always a aebtion of the. knowing ones who stuck by the greatly -improved Reginald,' and -they had thd satisfaction of getting 7 to 3 at'the fall of the flag. . There are, fes usual, plenty t>f excaBe'B for the downfall'of the &a;& { but .the moat feasible seems to be ot ^nst^lfolP^Mc'dM not runjm fciudjy '"A isatete sion or the Southern Province, vice G. Betnel) «tiUXovea irotn office. The undermentioned persona to ba deputy registrars of births and ueatug tue BlftCQQ meutioiied observed fco be taking his work the opposite of kindly. It has been urged, too, that he wanted something to make a faster pace for him; but, although he has covered a mile and a half in less time tbah that of Reginald on Monday, it will scarcely be gainBaia that 2m. 41s. is a fair record. Backers had a return for their Autumn Stakes disappoint ment in the successive victories of Uralfaand Silver King; but the St. Leger winner does not appear to have had much the better of The Broker, who yet will do a big thing. St Lawrence's run- away win of the Doncaster Handicap, in the large field of 30, was one of the notable events of the afternoon. It is really strange how a change of ownership brings luck to a racehorse. As a two year old St. Lawrence commenced what was thought at the time a brilliant career by winning the Caulfield Great Foal Stakes, and followed it up with the Sires' ana Mares' Produce Stakes, at Wagga. As a three year old, however, the son of Glorious was a pronounced failure, whether in weight-for age races or handicaps; but when ne goes into another stable he pays his way hand somely. The Sydney Cup verdict on Wednesday, though a surprise to many people, was only what a lot more anticipated. These latter knew the horse was well, and although his previous form did not point to anything like a Sydney Cup, the fact of his being in at 6st 101b. was not a bad guide, when coupled with the first-named contingency. Some few, in Melbourne, from information re ceived, who did not go to Sydney, backed the Bon of Gemma di Vergy to win them a good stake on the morning of the race, and as an index of the effect of this move, it may be mentioned that the horse was almost as good a favourite as anything. But what a close Bhave it must have been between the winner and Velocipede; indeed, very few but adesperate finisher likeNicholsoncouldhave squeezed the head of Normanby home first Velocipede's performance was sufficient to show that the party behind him in the last Newmarket Handicap did not make much of a mistake when they brought him all the way from Queensland for that event But for the boy on him looking round, he would have landed the Sydney Cup, and have done the ring a rare turn. Returning to Normanby, however, the horse's form had hitherto been of a rather mediocre character. Aa a two year old be was twice placed at the Sydney Turf Club and { Tattersall's meetings. Next year be started four times, and won a small handicap at the Orange meeting, also running thira to Sar donyx and Morpeth for the Sydney Queen's Birthday Cap. Last year he failed to gain a situation in the Sydney Summer Cup, won by Sloth ; the Anniversary Handi cap, won by Here's Luck; and the Sydney Cup, won by Favo. At the Hawkesbury meeting, within a fortnight of his yesterday's victory, Normanby ran third to Moonshee and Merlin for the Handicap, with 7st up. In training he has always given a great deal of trouble with his legs; but that diffi culty was at last snrmoanted to some pur pose. Kitty, the dam of Normanby, was bred by Mr. John Lee, in 1873. She was by Barbarian from Gipsy Girl, by Kingston from Black Bess, by Little John from the Young English mare, by Bay Camerton from a mare imported from England by Messrs. Aspinall and Brown. A correspondent kindly favours us with an unrecorded best performance of Normanby's. It was as a three year old, in the Dubbo Jockey Club Handicap, two miles, when the future Sydney Cup winner, carrying 7st. 21b., ran a dead heat with Ascot (7st 71b.) in 3m. 38s. The third days racing was mainly notable for the second encounter of Reginald and Commotion in the Cumberland Stakes. This course is half a mile longer than the Autumn Stakes, and no doubt it was thought the old horse would have a better show: but the theory that he did not like the rignthanded course when he first was defeated by Reginald, was more than ever demonstrated in tbe two- mile race, and he was, if anything, beaten easier. Uralla, in the First Foal Stakes, once more asserted her superiority over Monte Christo, thus scoring three very important wins during the meeting. The A. J. C. Champagne Stakes this week provided a series of remarkable coincidences. The Hon. J. White owned the winner last year; there were half-a- dozen starters; Tom Hales was on the winner; and the time was exactly the same, lm. 174*8. Doubtless Mr; Bradshaw's letter on the forthcoming V. R. C. programme has attracted attention amongst those whom it most con cerns. It has been pointed out that two country clubs, acting on the suggestion made them last year, have already adopted Mr. Bradshaw's ideas with respect to their two year-old events, viz-, by giving the winner half, the second one-third, ana the third a sixth of the stakes. The clubs referred to are the Casterton and Hamilton. But for the inevitable dust dAsagrimem at Elsternwick on Saturday, the many visitors to that popular suburban course would have had nothing to complain of. The racing was very interesting, if I except the barefaced pulling of Our Boy in the Steeplechase, of which more anon. Seaweed and Duration were both good things for the April and Elsternwick-park Handicaps, and the Pony Trot provided a fund of amusement in itself. Nobody begrudged the victory gained in the latter event by Mr. John Leek B little son, who steered his email steed with an address and confidence that frequently is lacking in more matured trotting-horse riders or drivers. It has been suggested that, the next time the Elsternwick . park authorities include an event of this kind in their programme, they ought to restrict it to boys not over 12 years ofage. Reverting to the unsavoury subject in the Steeplechase, a mora palpable case of pre venting a horse doing his best was never witnessed on a racecourse. The reception accorded Floyd when he cantered in at the tail end of his horses was the reverse of com plimentary, and a pretty fair index of what subsequently followed in the stewards'-room. The sentence of 12 months' disqualification for horse and rider was not a bit too severe under the circumstances of such a glaring ex hibition ; indeed, there were people who ex pressed an opinion that the sentence was far too lenient Gur Boy, it is significant, is in the Randwick Steeplechase, run to-day, at 31b. less than he put up isit Elsternwick; but of course, tbe disqualification will extend to Sydney and ttie whole of Australia. He was entered fqr Sydney as the property of a Mr. J.' G. Hatton, and at Elsternwick as Floyd's. Is it not high time the V. R.C. com mittee took some Btepa to stop this tinkering in the ownership of horses? In all probability there has never been so Seat an assemblage at Williamstown as on aster Monday. Three special trains from Spencer-street never were known before. The fields were email, .exceptiug for the two handicaps, the lut ^oi- wuich was pulled on by Duration as easily as he did at Elsternwick; on Saturday.; Otfeuther evidence of the turn of the wheel of'ftfrttme when a horse changes iuinflfe. " , , ' '' Ball&fat; ww als6 well patronised on Mon* CW* '. ' . .1,' necessa^SMtii WolW' COri^ndUHt Of tb« dpjat Mr. l~e llie following tuw New York Spirit of the Times thus refers to Darebin, who WSB bought in private last week, at the Fernhill sale, for Queensland " Darebin iB probably the ' nearest of kin' to old Melbourne now living, and the success of the blood in America may interest many. Darebin, daring a recent visit to the farm, I saw for the first time, standing *11 attention in hiB yard, gazing at some of his youthful descendants gambolling in an [adjacent field: and watching him from my vantage ground for a few moments, being much above him, near his box, he looked a low stoat horse, about 15.2. It was only when Mr. H. M. S. Cox had him caught and brought up that I rally realised what a wonderful horse he is. A rich dark brown, with a white jagged reach all down, his face and off fore foot white, standing 16.2$, with a good, game, sensible head, rather short, wide across the eyes, which are large and good-tempered looking; short, thick ears, well set on to a straight, strong neck, looking Bbort underneath, well let into long, muscular shoulders with plenty of slope, beautifully rounded at the points, and though very much muscular, no lumber either top or bottom; girths well, namely 75in.; wonderfully strong back and loins: very long, muscular quarters, 26in., and 24£in. across, a qualification worth some thing if it can only be transmitted to his progeny. His quarters are beautifully turned, tail well set on, quite high enough to carry his flag grandly; deep, ronnd bade ribs (able to carry his dinner, as the old Yorkahireman used to say); beautiful chest and brisket; great arms, 23in.; gaskins, 19£in.; great flat legs, 9in. below the knee and Sfin. below the hock; great, fine, clean knees, hocks, and pas terns, and rare feet Taking him alto gether, the finest specimen of a thoroughbred horse it has been my lot to see, immensely powerful, with any amonnt of quality." The Canterbury Timeehea the following on the acceptance of late nominations" It is notorious at some of the country meetings around here (Auckland) that horses are whipped into races hoars after the time that nomination and acceptances close. A horse named Revenge, who was a late nomination for the Henderson's Mill Cup, was objected to after the acceptances appeared, and as more than one owner notified his intention of protesting should the horse win, his owner wisely elected to scratch him to save any trouble." A plan of the-Jtandwick racecourse will be found on the first page of Tlx Australasian Supplement Mr. T. M'George, the leading starter on English racecourses, died in February last, after a long illness. The Sporting Life says: -" As a starter it is not too much to say that Mr. M'George had never a superior, and probably never an equal Enjoying to the hill the confidence of the supreme body for whom he laboured, he had, in the course of a lengthy experience, commanded the respect and obedience of the jockeys daily brought under his control. Instances innumerable might be cited of his directing powers at the start, and it is a kind of mournful satisfac tion to note that perhaps the most brilliant effort of his liie was achieved in the last Cambridgeshire. Words are at all times weak to utter regret, and in our case we must confess that those at our command are totally inadequate to the ex pression of our sorrow for the loss of a singularly able official. That this sorrow will be shared equally by the Jockey Club whom he served so well, by the jockeys over whom he exercised a firm and wise discretion, and by the general public we are assured." The deceased gentleman was only 44 years of age, and succeeded his lather in die office of starter to the Jockey Club in 1863, just as the present veteran Judge Clark did his father, lie was a first-class cricketer, as well as a racing man. Mr. H. Custance, formerly well known as a leading jockey on the English turf, it is anticipated, will be Mr. M'George's successor, seeing that for some time past he has held the position of deputy starter to the Jockey Club. Last week attention was drawn to the several valuable produce stakes in connexion with the Australian Jockey Club, which close on Thursday next, the 16th inst, either with the secretary of the A. J.C., at Sydney, or the secretary of the V.R.C., in Melbourne. No doubt many owners have already made up their minds what they will enter, but if they have not, let me say that 500 sovs. is the added money in three instances, 460 in one, and 300 sovs. in five different races. After that read the particulars in our advertising columns. The Sydney TattersaU'e Club announce the conditions of their Two-year-old Stakes, to be ran on New Year's Day next, and entries for which mast be made to Mr. James Perry, the secretary, on Thursday next, the 16th inst The conditions areA sweep stake of 10 sovs. each, 2 forfeit, or no liability if declared by 4 p.m. on day of general entry for the annual race meeting, with 300 sovs. added. Colts, 8sfc 71b.; fillies and geldings. 8st 41b. Second horse 75 sovs., aind third horse 25 sovs. from the prize. The winner of the Maribyrnong Plate or December Stakes to carry 71b. extra, of both 6uch races 101b. extra; of any other race not a handicap, to carry 3lb. extra. Distance, five furlongs. P. Kelly wishes it to be notified that King Charles has left his stables, and returned to Mr. L. L. Smith's stud farm. The entries for the April meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club must be at tended to before 4 p.m. on Monday next There are five items, viz.Selling Race, of 50sovs., five furlongs; Hurdle Race, of 100 sovs., a mile and a half; Glen Huntly Handicap, of 100 sovs., with sweep of 3 sovs. added, one mile v Steeplechase, of 125 BOVS. , with 3SOVB.-sweep added, two miles; and the Armadale Handicap, of 100 sovs.-,- five fur longs and a half. The weights will be de clared on the Monday following at noon, and acceptances, for the Glen Huntly Handicap and Steeplechase are due on the Thursday before the meeting. The new steeplechase course at Caulfield will be ready for the April meeting on the 25th inst Nominations for next Saturday's 'Moonee Valley meeting close on Tuesday, the 14th inst, at Kirk's Bazaar. The card will com prise the Trial Stakes, of 40 sovs., five fur longs ; Auction Selling Race, of 50 sovs., half a mile.; April Handicap, of 50 sovs., once round; Steeplechase, _ of 50 sovs., twice round; Handicap Selling Race, of 50 sovs., five furlongs, and the Vineyard Handicap, of 40 sovs., lour furlongs and a halt The weights will appear on Thursday, and accept ances for the Handicap Selling Race are to De declared at 4 p.m. on the day before the race. Other acceptances at scale. On this occasion the front of the water jump in the Steeple chase will be thickly brushed. Last Thursday morning, whilst the steeple chaser Baron was cantering, he put his foot in a hole, fell, and injured his back, so much go that he had to be instantly destroyed. Referring to the new extension of railway to the Wilfiamstown course, there are various opinions as to the length of the liriefrOmthe point of deviation. Ivej-y detrimental, .too, akeThese opinions, which, if correct hardly justify anyone in callitog the line an' improve ment of any moment over the old order of things. On making inquiry.of the chief engineer ai Spencer-street, we find that the total length of the new line is 85$ chains,7 links, or a trifle over 780 yards. It ought, however, to be ex« plained that the line is a curve, which takes a good bit off. The line, it is intended even tually, shall ran close up to the course; but as it must necessarily cross a road, a special Act of Parliament will have to be passed. New South Wales owners and trainers have their attention drawn to the entries for the principal events in connexion with the Boarke Jockey Club meeting, on the 25th and 27th of May. Chief amongst the prizes offered is the Central Australian Handicap, of 300 sovs., with a Bweepstake of 5 BOYS. added, two miles. There are also the Bourke Jockey Club Handicap, of 160 SOVB., and a sweep of £210s. added, one mile and a half; | and the Handicap Hurdle Race, two miles and a quarter. These events close with the secretary, at 8 p.m. on Tuesday first Now that Bourke is brought into closer communi cation with the centres of population, through the medium of die railway, it is to be hoped that the liberality of the central Australian racing executive will receive sub stantial recognition at the hands of Sydney and Newcastle turf men in general. The entries for the Hay Jockey Club Handicap, Winter Handicap, and Hurdle Race close to-day (Saturday) to Mr. F. J. Willsmer, the new hon. secretary. The Jockey Club Handicap has an added bonus ol 250 sovs. The Sandown-park Racing Club, in Eng land, have adopted a novel member's badge. It is in the form of a Maltese cross, the centre being composed of the well-known club cognisance of the horse of the Elgin Marbles, surrounded with a wreath of laurels, and surmounted by an imperial crown. The edge is enamelled in different colours, to distinguish the two classes of subscribers, the ribbon also being different. As the Sporting and Dramatic JNem says : " It is altogether suggestive of a foreign I jewel or decoration." Next week racing men will be on the qui wife for the weights in the Adelaide Cup and Goodwood Handicap. The imposts are to be issued on Tuesday. The general entries, by way of reminder, I may observe, are due on Tuesday, the 21st inst The weights for other South Australian events, to be run during the three days' meeting of the Adelaide Racing Club, will also make their appearance on Tuesday next. The races in Question are the Birthday Cup, the City Handicap, and the Steeplechase. Deceiver arrived in Sydney for his steeple chase engagement on Monday last The June and August fixtures of the Vic toria Amateur Turf Club have been an nounced. The first seems to be an over Bight, on the 27th, seeing that that date had been chosen by the Elsternwick-park com mittee months past Mr. Bond will, no doubt, point this out to his executive. The Warrnambool acceptances must be de clared on Wednesday next. The following country general entries and acceptances are due next weekNewstead Jockey Club, Wednesday; Moulamein meet ing, Wednesday; Hamilton Racing Club, ac ceptances, Saturday; Tarnagulla Turf Club, entries for Handicap and Hurdle Race to day; Malmsbury Racing Club entries, Mon day ; Coleraine general entries, Tuesday; Yea, acceptances and general entries, Thurs day. The three red deer presented to the Mel bourne Hunt Club by the Earl of Derby, from his lordship's celebrated Knowsley herd, ar rived safe and sound by the Garonne on Monday. Through the kindness of Sir W. J. Clarke they are located at Derrimut Mr. Bradshaw did not back Seaweed for a cent on Saturday at Elsternwick, although the mare had bested The Ghost iu a private triaL Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. announce the sale of the Cairn Curran stud, the property of Mr. Matthew Bryant, on Tuesday, the 5th of May. Full particulars will be found in cata logues, which are now ready. Owners and trainers are reminded that the general entries for the Murrumbidgee Turf Club autumn meeting are due on Friday next, the 17th inst The events are the Selling Plate of 40 SOVB., one mile ; Flying Handicap of 2 sovs. each, with 50 sovs. added, six fur longs ; the Mile Handicap of 2 sovs. each, with 50 sovs. added; the Selling Hurdle Race of 30 sovs., about two miles ; and the Prince of Wales Stakes of 40 sovs., once round the course. At the same time the acceptances are due for the' Autumn Handicap, 3 sovs.; Hurdle Race, 2 sovs.; and Ladies' Bracelet, 3 sovs. Entries and acceptances can be made and declared to the secretaries of the A. J.C. in Sydney, the V.R.C. in Melbourne, or to Mr. Iiawkes at Wagga. The meeting takes place on Wednesday and Thursday, the 22nd and 23rd insts. The programme of the May meeting at Elsternwick-park appears in our advertising columns. There are seven events, including two for trotting, vie., a Maiden Selling of 30 sovs., two miles, one heat; and a 2 50 class, also of 30 BOVS., two miles, one heat. The racing on the flat comprises the Adelaide Handicap, of 50 BOVS., five furlongs ; the Farewell Stakes, of 50 sovs., weight for age, six furlongs ; the Coronet Cup, or 100 sovs., with a piece of plate, value 100 BOVS., pre sented by Mr. D. M. Robertson, one mile a furlong and a halt; and the Club Handicap, of 50 sovs., half a mile. There is also a Selling Steeplechase, of 75 BOVS., about two miles. Entries are to be made on Tuesday, the 21st inst The following were left in the South Aus tralian Jockey Club Sires' Produce Stakes on Monday lastThe Teacher, Kerens, Remus, Antonio, Juanna, Encore, Harriet, Islander, and The Treasurer. The full programme of the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting on the 25th of May is ad vertised. The principal stakes are the Birth day Handicap,of 200 sovs., one mile, nomi nations for which have to be made on the 4th of May ; and the Steeplechase, oi 110 sovs., two miles. The Adelaide Hunt Club annual business meeting was held on Thursday last. The total revenue for the previous season amounted to £1,082, leaving a -balance of £136 on the wrong side. The steeplechase meeting hteld under the anspioes of the club resulted in a small profit Mr. Hay has re signed the mastership of the hunt, and Mr. Blackmote'succeeds him. - At Castertonon Thursday Mr. J. F. Cus sena's Gonsalvo, byOonrad, won the Juvenile Stakes. Mr. ChiaBena was alno the owner of Acolyte,4wt year's winner, now the property of Mr. HalinbOurg.' Mr. Richard Gofdsbrough has returned from his New 15ealand tour, looking quite re* juvenieedj Mr. Justice Molesworth, onThureday last, I refufied Mr. L. BarnapifB «pplioation for an injihetioni to restr&ita; the committee of the Victorian Qlnb from pte vettting^ htm exer* rising his privileges to ^ mWttlwot the date The metjon oJ the comBtitw in Mr. Barnard froth the dab has toS beett Confirmed, anditis »oW setftled. beyttia doubt, tfoat fchby Jjave the power olTexgelllM[ aay member whom they/Consider oosdoot detrimental to (he-ftfteqemwtlflf 4MH.hu'. m iSx. W/ N»U .i(>W6rd* 4* pa^Wl««l 0t * cruel practical joke played on a boy named Alfred Anderson. It appears that a letter was posted in Tocumwal, headed " Mathoura," and signed " A. M'CuIloch," Mr. Neil's brother-in-law-a forgery, of course-ad dressed to the lad Anderson, who lives at Tocumwal, offering him a situation to ride at exercising, and, if he suited, to give him mounts, at 15k a week with the usual percentage. The boy left his then billet, and went all the way from Tocumwal to Ma thoura, a distance of 70 miles, only to find he had been victimised. Mr. Neil, out of compassion for him, kindly took him on. The letter is dated 1st of April, and the stupid ignorance of the writer is attested by his imperfect orthography. Messrs. W. C. Yuitle and Co. report having Bold the hurdleracer Sundowner, to leave the colony. Mr. John Whittingham has instructed Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. to sell the whole of his breeding stud during the South Australian Jockey Club week at Flemington. The stud includes the well-known sires Argus Scandal and Larpent. The latter is described as having tilled out into one of the grandest horses in the country. Among the mares are Aspen, the dual Newmarket Handicap winner (who has a fine colt foal), Barmaid, Chif foniere, Report, Puff, and Splendora (dam of Rivertoti). At the same sale Messrs. Yuille and Co. will offer eight young untried mares, by St. Albans, from Borne of Mr. W. Field's best mares. 