THE GHOST'S TOUGH." BY WILE IE COLLINS. I The Right of Translation is Reserved. I SECOND PABT. V. Disturbed by presentiments, Mr. Bayborn returned to bie boose on foot, by way of trying what exercise would do towards com posing bis mind. The experiment failed. He went upstairs and played with Lnoy ; be drank an extra glass of wine at dinner ; be took the child and her governess to a oirons in the evening ; be ate a little eopper, fortified by another glⅇ of wine, before he went to bed— and still those vagne forebodings of evil persisted in torturing him. Looking baok through bis past life, be asked himself if any woman (his late wife, of coarse, excepted 1) bad ever taken the predominant place in his thoughts which Mrs. Zant had assumed— without , any discoverable reason to aooounfc for it? If be bad ventured to answer his own question, the reply wonld have been — Never ! All the next day ha waited at home, in expectation of Mr. John Zentfa promised visit, and waited in vain. Towards evening the parlour-maid appeared at the family tea-table, and presented to ber master an unusually large envelope, sealed with black wax, and addressed in a strange handwriting. The absence of stamp and postmark showed that it had been left at the honse by a messenger. Who brought this?' Mr. Bayborn asked. 1 A lady, sir — in deep mourning. Did she leave any message V No, sir Having drawn the inevitable conclusion, Mr. Bay burn shot himself up in bis library. He was afraid of Lucy's curiosity and Lucy's questions, if be read Mrs. Z&nt;'s letter in bis daughter's presence. Looking at the open envelope after he had taken out the le∨ of writing which it con tained, he noticed thesfe lines traced inside the cover : ' My one excuse for troubling you, when I might have consulted my brother-in-law, | will be found in the pages which I enclose. I If we had been strangers in the common meaning of the word, I should not have ventured to intrude myself on your attention. But I have produced an impression on you (without any design to do so) which has set me in the light of a woman to be pitied. To speak plainly, you have been led to fear that I I am not in my right senses. For this very reason, I now appeal to yon. Your dreadful I doubt of me, sir, is my doubt, too. Bead I what I have written about myself — and then | tell me, I entreat yon, which I am: A I person who has been the object of a super - j natural revelation? or an unfortunate I creature who is only fit for imprisonment in I a mad-honee ?' j Mr. Bayborn opened the manuscript. | With steady attention, which soon quickened I to breathless interest, he read what follows : VL I Yesterday morning the sun shone in a j clear blue sky— after a succession of cloudy I days, counting from the firet of the month. I The radiant light bad its animating effect I on my poor spirit?. I had passed the night j more peaeefnlly than usual ; undisturbed by I the dream so cruelly familiar to me, that my j lost husband is still living — the dream from I which I always wake in tears. Never, since I the dark days of my sorrow, have I been so I little troubled by the self-tormenting fanoies j and fears wbiob beset miserable women, as I when I left the honse, and turned my steps | towards Kensington Gardens — for the first j time since my husband's death. I Attended by my only companion the little I dog who had been his favourite as well as I mine, I went to the qoiet corner of the I Gardens which is nearest to Kensington. I On that Boft grass, under the shade of I those trees, we bad loitered together in the I days of onr betrothal. It was bis favourite j walk ; and he had taken me to see it in the j early days of our acquaintance. There he I had first asked me to be his wife. There we I had felt the rapture of onr firet kiss. It was I surely natural that I should wish to see once I more a place sacred to each memories as 1 these ? I am only twenty-three years old ; I I have no to comfort me, no companion j of my own age, nothing to love but the dumb creature wno is so xaiiniuuy xonu 01 me. I went to the tree under which we stood, when my dear one's eyes told his love before he could utter it in words. The sun of that vanished day shone on me again ; it was the same noontide hour ; the same solitude was round me. I had feared the first effect of the dreadful contrast between past and present. No I I was quiet and resigned. My thoughts, rising higher than earth, dwelt on the better life beyond the grave. Some tears came into my eyes. But I was not nnhappy. My memory of all that happened may be trusted, even in trifles which relate enly to myself — I was not unhappy. The first object that 1 saw, wnen my eyes were clear again, was the dog. He crouched a few paces away from me, trembling pitiably, but uttering no cry. What had oansed the fpr that overpowered him ? I was soon to know. I called to the dog ; he remained immov able — conscious of some mysterious coming thing that held him spellbound. I tried to go to the poor creature, and fondle and oomfort him. At the first step forward that I took something stopped me. It was not to be seen, and not to be heard. It stopped me The still figure of the dog disappeared from my view ; the lonely scene round me disap peared — excepting the light from heaven, the tree that sheltered me, and the grass in front of me. A sense of unalterable expec tation kept my eyes rivetted on the grass. Suddenly I saw its myriad blades rise erect and shivering. The fear came to me of something passing over them with the invisible swiftness of the wind. The shiver ing advaneed. It was all round me, It crept into the leaves of the trees over my ! head ; they shuddered, without a Bound to tell of their agitation ; their pleasant natural rustling was struck dumb. The songs of the birds had ceased. The cries of the water fowl on the pond were heard no more. There was a dreadful silence. But the lovely sunshine poured down on me as brightly as ever. In dazzling light, in that fearful nUrnvft. I felt an Invisible Presence near me. It touched me gently. At the touch my heart throbbed with an ortcwhelpiteg foy, Bsqqi«it« pteuura thrilled through every nerve in my body. I knew him ! From the unseen world— him self nnBeen — be had returned to me. Oh, I knew him ! ' And yet, my helpless mortality longed for a sign that might give me assurance of the truth. The yearning in me shaped itself into words. I tried to utter the words. I would have said, if I could have spoken : ' Oh. my angel, give me a token that it is you !' But I was like a person struck donah— I could only think it. The Invisible Presence read my thought. I felt my lips touched, as my husband's lipB used to touch them when he kissed me. And that was my answer. A thonght came to me again. I would have said, if I could have spoken: 'Are you here to take me to the better world ?' I waited. Nothing that I could feel touched me. I was oonsoioas of thinking once more. I would have said if I could have spoken : ' Are you here to protect me ?' I felt myself held in a gentle embrace, as my husband's arms used to hold me when he preseed me to his breast. And that was my answer. The touch that waB like the touch of his lips, lingered and was lost ; the clasp that was like the clasp of hie arms pressed me and fell away. The garden scene resumed its natural aspect. I saw a human creature near, a lovely little girl looking at me. At that moment, when I was my own lonely self again, the eight of the child soothed and attracted me. I advanced, intending to speak to her. To my horror I Bnddenly ceased to see her. She disappeared as if I had been stricken blind. And yet I could see the landscape round me ; I could see the heaven above me. A time passed — only a few minutes, as I thought — and the child became visible to me again, walking hand-in-band with her father. I approached them; I was close enough to see that they were looking at me with pity and surprise. My impulse was to ask if they saw anything strange in my face or my manner. Before I could speak, the horrible wonder happened again. They vanished from my view. Was the Invisible Presence still near ? Was it passing between me and my fellow- mortals, forbidding communication in that place and at that rime ? It must have been so. When I turned away in my ignorance .with a heavy heart, the dreadful blankneaa which had twice shut out from me the beings of my own race was not between me and my dog. The poor little creature filled me with pity ; I called him to me. He moved at the sound of my voice, and followed me languidly, not quite awakened yet from the tranee of terror that had possessed him. Before I had retired by mere than a few stepa, I thonght I was conscious of the Presence again. I held out my longing arms to it. I waited, in the hope of a touch to tell me that I might re tore. Perhaps I was answered by indirect means. I only know that a resolution to return to the same place at the same hour came te me and quieted my mind. lit The morning of the next day was dull and cloudy, bat the rain held off. I set forth again to the Gardens. My dog ran on before me into the street — and stopped, waiting to see in which direction I migrt lead the way. When I turned towards the Gardens, he dropped behind me. In a little while I looked back. He was following me no longer ; he stood irresolute. I called to him. He advanced a few steDS. hesitated, and ran baok to the honse. I went on by myself. Shall I confess my superstition ? I thought the dog's desertion of me a bad omen. Arrived at the tree, I placed myself nnder it. The minutes followed each other uneventfully. The cloudy sky darkened. The dull surfaoe of the grass showed no shuddering consciousness of an unearthly creature passing over it. I still waited, with an obstinacy which was fast becoming the obstinaoy of despair. How long an interval elapsed while I kept watch on the gronnd before me lam not able to say. I only know that a change came. Under the dull grey light I saw the grass move — but cot as it had moved on the day before. It shrivelled as if a dame had scorched it. No flame appeared. The brown underlying earth showed itself winding onward in a thin strip, which might have been a footpath traced in fire. It frightened me. I longed for the protection of the Invisible Presence. I prayed for a warning of it, if danger was near. A tonch answered me. It was as if a hand unseen had taken my hand — had raiBed it, lilt e by little— bad left it pointing to the scorched, brown path that wound towards me over the grass. I looked to the far end of the path. By fine degrees, a shadow roee in the distance. Higher and higher it grew, while it moved nearer apd nearer. It advanced to the place in whioh I stood, The unseen band closed on my hand with a warning pressure ; the revelation of the eoming danger was near me. I waited for it ; I saw it. The central depthi of the shadow opened, and showed slowly the glimmer of a ghastly light. . - In the light a man's face appeared. It | looked at me. It was the face of my husband's brother — John Zant. The consciousness of myself as a living creature left me. I knew nothing, I felt nothing— I was dead. When the torture of revival made me open my eyes, I found myself on the grass. Gentle hands raised my head at the moment when I recovered my senses. Who had brought me to life again ? Who was taking care of me ? I looked upward, and saw, bending over me — John Zant. VII. There the manuscript ended. Seme lines had been added on the last page, but they had been so carefully erased as to be illegible. These words of explanation appeared below the cancelled sentences : — ' I had begun to write the little that remains to be told, when it strnek me that I might, unintentionally, be exercising an unfair influence on your opinion. Let me only remind you that I believe absolutely in the supernatural revelation which I have endeavoured to describe. Bemember this — and decide for me what I dare not decide for myself.' There was no serious obstacle in the way of compliance with this request. Judging from the point of view of the materialist, Mre.Zaut might no doubt be the victim of illusions (produced by a state of the nervous system) which have been known to exist — aB in the celebrated case of the bookseller Nicolai, of Berlin — without being accompanied by derangement of the intellectual powers. But Mr. Bayborn was not asked to solve any such intricate problem as this. He had been merely instructed tOTead the mannsoript, and to say what impression it had left on him of the mental condition of the writer ; whose doubt of herself had been, ia all probability, first suggested by remembrance of tike illness from whioh she had suffered — brain fever. Under these circumstances, there could be little difficulty in forming an opinion. The memory which had reoalled, and the judgment which had arranged, the succession of events related in the narrative spoke for themselves, and revealed a mind in possesion of all its resources. Having satisfied himself so far, Mr. Bayborn abstained from considering the more serious question suggested by what he had read. At any time, his habits of life and his ways of thinking would have rendered him unfit to weigh the arguments, which assert or deny snpernatoral interposition among the creatures of earth. Bnt his mind was now so disturbed by the startling record of experience which he had jnst read that he was only conscious of feeling certain impres sions — without possessing the capacity to reflect on them. That hiB anxiety on Mrs. Zant s account had been increased, and that his donbts of Mr. John Zant had been encouraged, were the only praotioal results of the confidence placed in him of which he was thus far aware. In the or-.inary exigencies of life a man of hesitating disposition, his interest in Mrs. Zant's welfare, and his desire to discover what had passed between her brotherindaw and herself, after their meeting in the Gardens, urged him into instant action. In half an hour more, he had arrived at her lodgings. He was at once admitted. Mrs. Zant was alone, in an impezfeotly-lit room. I hope yon will excuse the bad light,' she said ; my head has been bnrning as if the fever had come back again. Ob, don't go away ? After what I have suffered, you don't know how dreadful it ia to he alone.' The tone of her voioe told him that she had been crying. He at once tried the best means of setting the poor lady at ease by telling her of the conclusion at which he had arrived, after reading her mannsoript. The happy resnlt showed itself instantly. Her face brightened, her manner changed; she was eager to hear more. Have I prodnoed any other impression on yon ?' she asked. He understood the allusion. Expressing sincere respect for her own convictions, he told her honestly that he was not prepared to say more. Grateful for the tone in which he had answered her, she wisely and delicately ohanged the subject. 1 1 most speak to you of my brother-in- law,' she said. He has told me of your visit, and I am anxious to know what yon of him. Do yon like Mr. John Zant f Mr. Bayborn hesitated. The care-worn look appeared again in her face. ' H yon had lelt as kindly towards him as he feels towards von.' she said. ' I might have gone to Bt. Ann's with a light heart.' Mr. Bayburn thonght of the enpern&tnral; appearances d ascribed at the close of her narrative. « You believe in that terrible warning,' he remonstrated j 'and yet, yon go to yonrbrother-in law's honse !' I believe,' die answered, the spirit of the man who loved me an the days of his1 earthly boqdqge. am nnder his protect nw" What h-ve I to do but to cast away «£. and to wait in frith and hop, t? -nhS been near to encourage me.' She paused, and smiled sadly. I most remember/ resumed, that your way of understanding my position is not my way. I ought to have told you that Mr. John Zant feels needless anxiety about my health. Ho declares that be will not lose sight of me nntil his mind is at ease. It is ageless to attempt to alter his opinion. fTp Bays my nerves are shattered — and who that sees me can donbt it? He tells me that my only chance of getting better is to try change of air and perfect repose — how can I oontradfet him? He reminds me that I have no relation bnt himself, and no house open to me but his own— and God knows he is right !' She raid thorn last words in accents of melancholy resignation, which grieved the good man whose one merciful purpose was to serve and console her. He spoke impulsively, with the freedom of an old friend. 4 I want to know more of you and Mr. John Zant, than I know now,' he said. 4 My motive is a better one than mere cariosity. Do yon believe that I fed a sincere interest in yon?' With my whole heart.' That reply encouraged him to proceed with what he had to say. When yon reoovered from yonr fainting fit/ he began, 4 Mr. John Zant asked questions, of coarse ?' 'He asked what could possibly hare happened, in such a quiet place as gpiWon Gardens, to make me faint/ ' And how did yon answer V Answer ? I couldn't even look at him ' Yon said nothing ?' / Nothing. I don't know what he thonght of me ; he might have been surprised, or he might have been offended.' Is he easily offimded ?' Mr. Raybnrn asked. 4 Not in my experience of him.' 4 Bo yon mean yonr experience of him before yonr illness.' Yes. Since my recovery, his engagements with patients have kept him away from London. I have not seen him sinoe he took these lodgings for me. Bnt he is always con siderate. He has written more than onoe to beg that I will not think him neglectful, and to teU me (what I knew already through my poor husband) that he has no money of hip own, and mast live by his pwifnmj"n In yonr husband's lifetime, were the two brothers mi good terms ? ' Always. The one complaint I ever heard my husband make of John Bant was that he didn't come to see as often enough, after our mareiage. Is there some wickedness in him whioh we have never suspected ! It may be but how can it be ? I have every reason to be grateful to the man against whom I hare been supernatorally warned 1 His conduct to me has been always perfect. I can't tell yon what I owe to his influence in quieting my mind, when she dreadful donbt arose about my husband's death. 4 Do yon mean donbt if he died a natural death? Oh, no! not He was dying of rapid consumption — hot his sudden death took th doctors by surprise. One of them thought that he might have taken an overdose of his sleeping drops, by mistake. The other over rated him, or there might have been sn inqnest In the honse. Oh, don't speak of it any more! Let us talk of something else. Tell me when I shall see yon again.1 4 1 hardly know. When do you and yonr brother in- law leave London?' 4 To-morrow.' She looked at Mr. Bayborn with a piteous entreaty in her eves ah timidly : 4 Do you ever go to the sea-side, and take your dear little girl with you ?' The request, at which she had only dared let hint, touched on the idea which was at that moment in Mr. Bsyburn's mind. Interpreted by his strong prejudice against John Zant, what she had said of her brother- in-law filled him with forebodings of peril to herself j all the more powerful in their influence, for this reason— that he shrank from distinctly realising them. U another person had tan present at the interview, and had said to him afterwards : ' That man's reluctance to visit his sister-in-law white her husband was living, ia associated with a secret sense of guilt which ber innocenoe oannot even imagine ; he, and he alone, knows the cause of her husbands sadden death; his feigned anxiety about her health is adopted actiie sateetmesof enticing ber into his house— if those formid.ble eoaeJorioM had kem nrgJra Mr. E.ybara, he «onM ham fell It hifdiS to reject them, as unjustifiable asncrstens nn an ataart rnu. Aad yet, fc£5£kta£ that evening o! Mrs. Zant, he had pledged hunself to give Lucy a holiday at the sea- Xt tlu vM1? i Baid blushing, that the child reaffv deserved is. for general good conduct and attention to hot lemons IX. Three days later, the father and daughter arrived towards evening at St. Ana'ron-Sea. They found 2£rs. Zant waiting at the station, Tfc poor woman's joy on eceing them, pressed itself like the joy of a child. 4 Oh, I am co glad I so glad 1 was all she could eay when they met. Lucywaa hallsmothcred with kisses, and was made supremely happy by a present of the finest dou ahe had evsr possessed. Mrs. Zant aoDomanied hn£ friends to the rooms whioh had been aeoured atthshoteL She was able to speak con fidentially to Mr. Rayburn, while Lnoy w&b; in the balcony hugging ha doll, and looking attheeea. j The one event that had happened daring Mrs. Z&nt;'s short residence at St. Ann's was 1 the departure of her brother-in-law t iat i morning, for London. He had been called away for few hoars by baraaSSs; his housekeeper expected that he would return in time tor dinner. Ae to hi conduct towards Mrs. Bant, he waB hot only attentive as ever, he was almost oppressively affeotionata in hiB language and manner. There was no service that a man could render whioh he had not eagerly offered to her. He declared that te already peroeived an improvement in her health; he congratulated her on having deoided to stay in his house ; and (aB a proof, perhaps, of his sincerity) he had repeatedly pressed her hand. Have yon any idea what all this means ?' she said, simply. Mr. Rayburn kept his idea to himself. He professed his ignoranoe, and asked next what sort of person the housekeeper was. Mrs. Zant shook her hands ominously. Snoh a strange creature/ she said, ' and in the habit of taking euch liberties, that I begin to be afraid she is a little crazy/ Is she an old woman?' No — only middle-aged. This morning, after her master had left the house, she actually asked me what I thought of my brother-in-law ! I told her, as coldly as possible, that he was very kind. She was quite insensible to the tone in whioh I had spoken ; she went on from bad to worse. " Do yon call him the sort of man who would take the fancy of a young women ?" was her next question. She actually looked at me (I might have been wrong, and I hope I wae) as if the M young woman " she had in her mind was myBelf ! I said, " I dont think of such things, and I don't talk about them." Still, Bbe was not in the least discouraged; Bhe made a personal remark next : " Excuse me — bnt you do look wretchedly pale." I thought she seemed to enjoy the defeot in my complexion ; I really believe it raised zne iu her estimation. She invited me to go down stairs with her, and look at the master's workshop. The plaoe was a pnzzle to her— and she wonld like to have my opinion on it. He mixes things in bis workshop," she said — "I mean things that he powders and things that he boils. Sometimes they burst and make a noise ; and sometimes they hiss and make a smell. Poisons, I daresay. Come and have a look at the plaoe ; I know where he keeps the key." Of course, I refused. She was just as friendly and familiar as ever. " We shall get on better in time," she said; 'I'm beginning to ike you." She walked out humming a tone. Don't yon agree with me? Don't yon think she's crazy ?' <1 think yon were quite right not to accompany her to the soene of her mailer's ohemioal experiments. Does ebe look aB if she might have been a pretty women at one time of her life?' Not the sort of pretty woman whom I admire 1 Mr. Rayburn, smiled. I was thinking,' he resumed, that thiB person's odd condnot may perhaps be aooounted for. She is probably jealous of any yonng lady who is invited to her master's house— and (till she noticed yonr complexion) she began by being ealens of yon.' Innocently at a loss to understand howsAe Qonld become an objeot of the housekeeper's ealousy, Mrs. Zant looked at Mr. Rayburn in astonishment. Before she oould give ex-, pression to her feeling of sorprise, there was an interruption — a welcome interruption. A waiter entered the room, and announced a visitor ; described as a gentleman.' Mrs. Zant at once rose to retire. Who is the gentleman?' Mr. Rayburn asked, detaining Mrs. Zant as he spoke. A voice whioh th6y both. reoogniBed answered gaily, from the outer side of the door : 1 A friend from London.' (to be concluded next week ) 