The Haunted Boarding House. An'elderly dame, i Not known to fame, Who a boarding-house keeper quite lately be came, Was troubled full sore, When she found'her house bore, Ofbeioghaunted by ghosts, the unenviable name. When her lodgers she met, She remarked in a pet " I'm sure it is only a rat or a mouse, For my.landlord has-said - That we've no cause for dread, As nobody ever yet died-in this house." But we lodgers replied "Tho' noone has died In the house,; yet we're certain a ghot is about. SShod'uld the phantom' you see;, You will with us agree That this ghost is a :ghost beyond gh6os bf a doubt." . . "He comes latefat'night, With'footsteps so ligh,?" Tho'how he get in wh clearly an'ts5a0 "Forb so strong is the catch : ;: Ofyour new patent latchl That.to open.it's really quite'hard with' tle key." "Then he noiselessly, goes ,, On, the' tips of his toes To the safe neath the stairs acd partakes of your diet . Next the stairs he ascends, And is' journeying ends By entering 'Nubiter sixteien' on the quiet SIn the morn he is gmon, And to foliov him none??i Of us yet. have been'able, tho' tis not through fear . . a ' Forwefind with surpr~e, He is gone when we rise. 'Tis astounding li wqickudoes this t hobtdiip ' pear !"" , \- Here the landlady cried- SI. . "Beyond,doubt IJ1l decide: . o If this grisly ol dphantom does really exist, SJst letnime catlch hold Of his ghost-ship so bold, A'nd we'l see what he thinkof my legant ftt " .. !..; That night:ive kept watch, ;,:Hopingto:catcb; .i? j . This hoary old ghost, ofltheir trouble the oxuse. a . Soon we heard the door open· . ? ,,te And he, who'd last spoken, ,, sQu siteuddenly in his remarks made a pause On entering, the ghost . n "' Madea dlart for a roadt ' " ': Ofcold beef which within that meat-safe he found, S.He seemed;of aifeed , : , To. be greatly in need: : gaviugfuished, upstairs he did noiselessly bound. -Kow that la~dlady' lred, ' At 'that ghost I've declared. : : Ne'er again shall I see, on this side of the tomb, How with'fear did e quake,' For ourlandlady's sake,: As shefollowed it'closely right into the room; . Such a noise, I declaroe, Thei'irose on the air. Neo'er didI hear a disturbance so dir ' 'Midst thie whacks and tle bumps,' Aid tlie cracks"and the ihuiopi, Wecould hear the pour ghost irying " Thievds I Muider ! Fire!"' - Then, ere wo, rd could be spokeon, The door was throvn open,; And. out rushcd the ghost and he fled from the T u then i ae l llidy spoke ( t wa.s limeant trira j ke) Y" Yourg 'host; sirsm wa neither a r . or a inouse." :";But an elderlypriutr ,. A mis rly tinker, : . Who ne'er for; lhis board had the money to pay. WtI Leu ho left, l I hitch. key - , f LuooK, So I see" Efe's beei iiving on me ni.ce I turned him away. 