Tin* I'osilion of tlie Sugar Indus! ry. \N* Artju ?-.) Tin: poMiioii -if ihc siii;ar market i* altractiiiff atteulinn, hi»J jilanters :iini iuvnsiors lire more hopeful of tlie future. The prospects of this in ilus-uv i&of; importauoetoiill the colonies, hut more especially to Victoria, as, o\viN£ to the enterprise sm-i courage of our capitalists, a very large portion of tbe money invested,' more especially iu Queensland and Fiji, has heen drawn from this colony, it is gratifying, there fore, that, after the long and serious de pression that this industry has suffered, prospects are more promising, and those who have risked such large .sums of money have some encouragement to i.mii tinue'in their undertakings. The sugar market iu these colonies lias heen most seriously depressed, owing to heavy im ports from other countries where the raw sugar, owing to the decline in the Lon don market, which to a great extent governs all other markets, could he ob tained at very low prices. Our market i- therefore indirectly controlled hy Lon don, and iu looking at the future pros pects of this market we must lirst learn the probable course of prices at Jiome. Recent advices from the best authorities at home on the sugar market state that tbe production of last year would be only sufficient for the consumption, and in evidence of this were given figures show ing the rapid reduction during the past few months of the surplus stocks on hand. Tbe special correspondent of The, Arum telegraphed last week that the surplus stocks of tugaron the 1st of Au gust were only 184,000 tons. This, to , some extern, substantiates the argument ' referred to above. Fj'oiji this it wilj be : seen that, approximately, the entire yield of la-t year, with the exception of 134,000 Ions, has been used up. Consequently, any serious falling oil in the production is likely to have considerable cMuislon the market. According to Tin Af'/uH correspondent's message, the estimated decrease in the beet crop alone is 450,000 tons. To this must lie added thedecrease in tbe cane sugars, which is estimated at from l-'i0,000 to li'iO, ooo tons. Taking tbe former figures we have a total estimated decrease in the product ion this year of '100, 000 tons, which will come sbori of the consumption of last year by I'i0,t)'J0 tons. To I bis, however, must he added the in cieasi- in consumption, which according lo the average of past years, is estimated at JOO.OOO Ions per annum, which would bring up (lie total deficiency to 0'fj,0o0 tous. Against this, of course, there are the large slocks held over, which, how ever, are only about half this quantity. Looking at this solely from this point of view, the future prospects of the market are most encouraging. It must be borne in mind, however, that owing to cable grams, fast steamers, and low freights, slocks are now more easily manipulated. This may lo some extent prevent any exccs-ivc rise. The fact also that crops in different parls of the world coin' on lo the market at. different (iioe„ of (lie year, niiisl not be forgotten, and when slocks are getting reduced, supplies come for ward, if only in small (piauiilics, from some source or other, The position of the market, however, justifies a consider? able advance on recent prices, and that this opinion obUiius at nouie is proved by the steady advance in values recently j : ndvised. Taking the price of 88 per cent . I i beet sugar as a guide, we find that at this : : time last year the -|iiolatiou was £12 10s. j Kr.au that time, with slight lliictuations, j prices declined till, on December last, the lawest. point was touched, £10 being then -j uoted for tins sugar. Tbere was little change in values till the approach of spring this year, when, owing to re ports of the short sowing of beet oil the couliiieut, prices advanced very rapidly. The position, however, was not main tained, and a fall took place. During the past two months, however, prices have been steadily advancing till they now stand at £1(- *!s. lid. for 88 per cent, beet, lieliued sugars have also advanced, ami are considerably higher than they were a few months ago. Thus far there appeals every prospecf of a further good advance in values as soon as the defi ciencies iti the cane and beet crops are nioreaccurately ascertained. These prices can hardly be interfered with till about this time next year, and even then it will be difficult to so increase supplies as to overstock the market in tbe wayiu which it was last year. Accordiug to t he latest advices there will be no increase in the cane crops for the next year, as the plantings have already been com pleted, aud they show that there is uo increase iu the acreage over that of last year. The prices next year will, there fore, depend entirely ou the sowings of beet on the Continent, and it is not likely that after the severe lesson that both planters and manufacturers have re ceived lately thai they will encourage over-production. Hesides making up the deficiency iu this year's beet crop, the sowings next year will have to be in creased sufficiently to meet the larger consumption, aud also to make good the deficiency iu the caue crops. It is hardly probable that I lie sowings nextyear would cause such a large iucrease over those of this year, and as the consumption is in creasing so rapidly il seems very possible that we may have more remunerative prices for the next few years, though prices are not expected to reach the high values ruling before the recent depression. The prospects of the home market, so far as statistics cau be relied upon, are, there fore, encouraging to those interested iu this industry, and as it must a fleet those who are engaged iu it in these colonies a brighter prospect is before our planters. Turning to our own market we find that tbe reaction has just commenced, but bas not advanced so rapidly as that, of Lnudou, ju ices at present beiug at least £.! per ion lower here thau iu the home market. This market, as slated above, bas been depressed owing to the largo imports of foreign sugars, which, being made from raw sugars purchased at the ei|Uivalenl to London values, were con siderably under cost of production here, aud were able to be sold in this market at a profit at sticli pricts as caused the planters a serious loss. Tlie imports of China refined have been the principal cause of llle depression here, as with cheap labour and cheap raw sugar I lie cost of the manufactured article was under tbe cost of production iu these colonies. Tbere is, however, no fear of these beiiig resumed at present, as China, growing hardly any sugars, has to pur chase her raw sugars in markets governed by Loudon, and this at an equivalent of advanced on prices ruling here. Oiling, however, to the low prices iu Australia, purchases have been made here for shipment to China, liut it is hardly possible, what with the cost of taking to China and shipping back agabi, that they can again be sold as refined iu Ibis market. The consumption of the Aus tralian colonics, including New Zealand and Tasmania, is estimated at l:-o,0l)i) tons, while the production iu Queensland, Xew South Wales, and Fiji, including Ihc refineries, is estimated at the outside to be 00,1100 tons. We shall therefore re-piire at tho least about 40,1)00 Ions for our actual consumption. This will have to be pur chased from oulside markets, which however, are ruled by London, where prices are iu advance of this market. To secure our necessary supplies, therefore, prices in this market must advance to at least an equality with those ruling in Loudon, and any further advance in London, which sectns most probable, must also be followed before we cau be come successful competitors with home buyers. Il will thus be seen that a sub stantial rise iu values must be obtained sooner or later in this market. I'p to the present Mauritius has beeu tbe prin cipal source from which we draw almost all our foreign reijuiremeuts. This year, however, we may find some difficulty in purchasing such iarge quantities from this island, the crop being from 15,000 to JO, 000 tons less thau that of last year. Resides this, accordiug to recent advices, both by mail and cable, prices there were too high to allow of purchases being made for this market, the Arab buyers for Bombay being eager and ready buyers of all sugars offering. It has also been stated that large quantities have already been bespoken for Hombay, which wiil probably preclude any shipments being made for these colonies for a short time. Home advices also sta.te that owing to the comparatively higher prices ruling from uurei'iied sugars there will be less refined tbis year, and larger exports are likely to lie made to America and Jiurope of raw sugars, thus reducing the quantity avail able for this market. Should this be the case, we shall have to seek other markets, as the bulk of our imports are fine, dry, while sugars. The position of the local market is in itself very strong, and a good advance seems imminent. Stocks out side of the company are very moderate, while supplies in both Sydney aud Ade laide are light. There are no shipments of any consequence advised up to the present, aud we are therefore dependent ou stocks now in the colonies, and must be so until prices advance so as to bring us on a level with Londou values. The demand, as is usual at this time of the | year, is increasing, and several large j speculative sales have taken place, audi prices are considerably firmer. The ! simple fact of speculators holding the bulk of the stocks must tend to strengthen the market. Queensland has already exported about half of her estimafe'd available surplus, so that wc may look' for lighter shipments than we have been receiving recently. Holders uud growers have, therefore, the matter in their own bauds, and there is little doubt but that they will lake advantage of it. Present prices barely cover cost, anil the serious decline in values may be seen by com paring the prices ruling for the company's sugars iu the two years. Al Ibis time last year their quotations were and -LSi for Nos. 1, J, and 3 respectively, j while Iheir prices at present are iL'o fits., 1 10s., and 1:10 10s. for similar qualities. Ho far ('ie prospccls of Ibis market are! also encouraging to all those concerned ! in this industry, but the future will de pend on themselves. They must bear in j mind that competition always has a ten- i dency to reduce prices, and every endea- j vonr should lie used to not only improve i tlie quality of their sugars, but uUo t.. i work economically and carefully, so as j to reduce tbe cos! c.f production. Tiie j planter.; linw considerable difficulties to : contend with in regard to labour, but ! this, no doubt, will be rectified before ; long. Besides this, new machines are ; continually being invented, their objects I being III..- saving of laboumnd the reduc- ! lion of conl of production. Ho thai, al- j though belter prices may be looked for j lor Eumc time, those interested should ? not. neglect any opportunity of improving their machinery, a neglect which .has already proved so disastrous iu the West I udiea. The time cannot lie far distant when the colonies will be able to produce almost sullicient for requirements, hut planters aud refiners must be prepared to compete both in quality'and price with producers iu other parts of the world. We must, however, congratulate our capitalists aud others who liave invested large sums in this industry for the courage aud confidence displayed by them during the recent very trying times and serious depression in prices, aud trust that they will derive considerable benefit from the better prospects now before them. Advice to Mothers I — Are yon broken in yom rest by a eick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mits. Wikslow's Soothing Syrup. It will relive the poor sufferer im mediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleas ant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes 'as bright as a bntton.' It sothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the beBt known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at le l{d, per bottle, fi HOSTS. — An attempt is being made in the old country lo revive the belief iu visitautt frun another world, and many are the wonder ful stories that fill soul ' of tbe journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge'B remark to Marley's ghoBt : ' How do I know that ;ou are Dot a bit of undigested bread?' for, of all the ghost producers, a bitof heavy' bread is tbe most potent. It is a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt the sorest epell against ghosts by using Berwick's Gold Medal Ikkintz Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't ' raise ghosts,' it will raisn bread in the most adniiiable fashion. Evtiry wise storekeeper has it by him, and very good houeeniee buys it. 