METROPOLITAN NOTANDA. S(FROM OUs OWN cORnnaerONDBNT. September 8. I am glad to hear that there is an intention on the part of hon, ,members to lot the Li.'ensiig Bill': slip throughi Committee'duling the present week' if possible. , Clonsidering that .progress has only been madn as fur as clause i 1g it seemnshardly .likely tntthtthe remain der will be disposed of dariig the ili~ort period which'goes .to; nalnk a weeik'i work for legislators. 1filnc'y lowestr,. that thn opposition members are :hecom. ing alarmed at the prospect of .the Li censingBill bing held osor .for the general election, and. so are anxious -to get rid of the troublesome.thing at any cost. They will, tlerefore hlid siover' to the other House to revinr it in':o cordance with its sweet will, oandl thus escape all responsibility in connetionii with it,- " It is almost a pity that.thls measure should have fallen to thie charge of Mr. Berry. Since Mr. Service has been away, the Chief Secretary has been dn veloping some of his old faults, arid threateus to let the House drift into deo. moralisation. It is really natonisohing to hear a man of his Parliamentary ex perience talk such illogical nonsense as he does sometimes. What, for in stance,can be mlore absurd than his con. tention that local option would be best secured by a.aking' one licensing dis. trict of the whole colony, and taking s common vote as to the number of pub. lic housesl That might lie popular op. tion. I don't see either how it woull answer for this ostensiblh purpose of the clause. If Collingwood felt that the number of public houses was sosme. thing ofa nuisance to the residents of that place, it would be funny to take a vote of the people in Gippsland and the; Winmmers as to whether the num. her should be reduced. Mr. Berry is surely haunted by the ghost of his old friend the plebiscite, for that istvirtu. ally what he suggests as a substitute for local option. It seems to me that if a determination is to bhe made by the whole colony, it looks as if the prin. ciple of local option, unreasonably dear to our teetotal friends, was likely to get whittled away in this manor until it will become unrecognisable. It is suggestive of the difficulty of organising a military force in this col ony that from the private to the cotn manderin-chief, everybody seems to want to have his own way. I rather like the cool cheek of Colonel Disney, who wanted to oust the jurisdiction of Parliament over the defence forces and set himself up as a representative of British authority deigning to commun icate with the the Crown alone I Then we have Sargood the magnificent order ing everybody about just as he is en titled to do in thesoft-goods warehouse, and most absurd of all, was the petty row who should have thrservicesof the messenger, a Greek gentleman of the name of O'Toole 1 Whten we have another war scare, there will be a feel. ing abroad that we are not over safe with a force in which the Cormmandant and the Minister are quarrelling over trifles, whilst the rank and file think theorders of their oficers should be discussed at a public meeting with an appeal to Parliament before they are obeyed. It it be true that a certain seacap. tain is roaming about the Pacific-slands plundering both nativesand traders at will, and claims exemption from con trol on account of having mounted the Portugese flag, itis about time the law of nations should be modified, so far as it applies to this part of the world. Unless the statements of the outraged crew are greatly exaggerated, as they probably are, it seems clear that Mr. Sailing Master Sorensen wants over hauling by one of Her Majesty'scruisers and dealt with summarily, the. Portu geseflag notwithataning. The sooner the colonics come together and estab. lish a federal fleet, to do police duty in the Western Pacific the better it will be for law and order in that region. " It is hardly to be tolerated that any unscrupulous adventurer should beable to carry on a courseof piracy amongst the islands, and defy authority by vir tue of the protection affirded bhy the flag of a European Power whliih.lhas lit tie or no trade relations with this part of the world and cannotprevenb itaflag being abused. Thlking ahout piracy, the proceed ings of the Germans in the Caroline Is lands have an uncommon pirotical look about them. Every Gazetteer orother authority places the Carolines as within the dominion of Spain, and nothing arems to justify their mauexation by Germany. It looks as if the European Governments were developing the prin ciples of Ro, Roy and contending for "'The good old rule. the siuelple plana, That he shall take who h is the power, And he may keep who can."' Look at the French in Mlada,ascar ahd Tonquis, the Russians in Afghanistan, and now the Germans in the Paclile;. Bismarck may find he has caught aTaV 'tar this timle, as Spain shows a disposl tion to fight. She is not without the means either, having a naval force quite equal if not superior to that of Germany, and Bismanrck cannot bring his biglegions to an attack on Spain. Alittlebavnl warfare hetwetn those twoPowiers may seem a small tatter, but it might have nmesuntuseconsquoen coo. The strong sympathl y of Fkanre with Spain would bcertain, and there is no telling where the trouble would oend. It seers strange that Germany should nisk so miuchl for so little. A few tropical islnnds in the Pacifio can never be nouch good to hlier, and ill the event f a war between Franco or Eug. land, they could not be retained. It must Ihesaid on behalf of the Sponiurda Sthat their indignation is justifled, sinee Sthe island of Yap. is tlhe nearest of the C(trulia,,'' ttoehbePhilliphituo,ntul i]. '..l: ura of that not only moans takitg pos* session of theo rest, but is a menace tlthe:Shillipine sottlemqp4gtthggpel ves. 