FAREWELL TEA-MEETING TG THE my. w. MOOEE. «On Tuesday «vening, member» of lhi ?the church from ell paru of ibe Circuit, rai -ofter <rienfli,'inuetered ie goodly uurober ii the Wesleyan School-room in Macquarie istreet, to partake of a farewell cap of tei with theftev. W. Moore; on hi» leaving th( Circuit. A tea -meeting is a tea meeting, ali the world -over; they are all much of a much ness-generally, the edibles are of the best procurable and the ladies who preside at thc -tables invariably take care that the " cup that cheers, &?.," is good, and that the ap ^ointments at the tables are tip-top-and thii spread was no exception to the rule, foi Caterer Beveridge and Mesdames and Ma'am selles, the ladies, were up to the mark in everything-as was fully evinced by the fray the small boys punished the cake, and tlie seniors sipped the tea with the air ol Ch'ne e Connoiseur?, A public meeting was held in the church at half-past seven, and we were pleased to see tlie.attendance so good .-and noticeable among the audience were several members of the Salvation Army-we mean the recruit*-who, it is hoped, will set tle down steadily to some one of the churches after the Army shall have performed its mis .sion, or the novelty bas worn off. However, it was pleasing to bear a little harmony-and we mean exactly what we say« for the singing .was excellent-after all the discord and noise of the Army warriors. W. Linsley Esqr., the Mayor of the Borough, occupied the chair, and on either side of him were th« Revs. W. Moore and P. Fitzgerald. The Choir opened with hymn 851-"Go labour on : spend and he spent"-Miss Day being the accomnaniest. The Chairman having suitably adddressed the meeting on the ap proaching departure of their friend, Mr. Moore; the Choir sang the chant "Jubilate Deo ;" after which, Mr. R. H. Ducker ad dressed the meeting. He did not wish to take up their time, for two reasons, one was because there were many to speak, and the next was because of the near relationship of himself and their pastor-he meant ties of. kinship. Ile was however, charged with a duty which he must face, and he would be as brief as possible. He might say, then, that the object of the tea meeting had been to say farewell to Mr. Moore, but on these occasions ft was usual to improve their finances, and on this particular occasion, they (the Circuit Stewards) had resolved to make the tea meet ing a means of paying off the deficiency on the Circuit debt, which he was happy to say, it had done. Unfortunately, at the Guar, terly Meetings they generally bad a defici ency to meet-which waa not creditable to the members, seeing that the expenses amounted to but about sixpence a head per week-but somehow, they invariably had the satisfaction of extinguishing the debt, as they had now. The deficiency at the end of De cember WBS about £2S-and lie was happy to Bay that tiie tea meeting this evening will just wipe the debt out of existence, He was sorry to say that there had been a general falling off in contributions ; there had not been so much paid howards the support of the church BB there had been formerly, or as there ought to be, or as he hoped lhere would be again. These financial difficulties de tracted their attention from more important matters-the real work of the church. How ever, they had cause to rejoice that they had, what was termed in commercial circles, a clean sheet ; their retiring pastor would go away with the satisfaction of knowing he left the circuit free from debt, and it wes also a good thing for the incoming Minister to know that he was coming to a circuit where he would have no financial troubles to meet, but that ell would bs clear for him to enter upon the legitimate work of the church-he did not say of this particular church, but of the Church of Christ throughout the land. There was much to be done by every individual member of Christ's Church, and hy God's blessing, he trusted they would be enabled to perform it, A solo, "After," was here very nicely sung by Miss Tempest. Mr. Gambrill addressed the meeting. He felt unable to say what he would like to say -in fact, it was a trying occasion ; he had thought of many subjects, but now the time had come he hardly knew what to say. He would much rather it had fallen to the lot of some other member of the congregation to say what he knew it was his duty to say of Mr. Moore, He might, however, refer to the first prayer meeting he had attended with Mr. Moore and also his first sermon, and vvhat he »old them than he had fulfilled to the letter. He had told them that he would do his beBt to serve God, and work for the people, and he had kept his promise, as an honest, faith ful Minister of Christ. Mr. Moore's sermons had been fruitful ones, he knew t he could not say all the good things Mr. Moore had said, in private or at prayer meetings, or thc good things people lind said of him ; and neither could he remember the subjects of his sermons-but ho knew this-«-they had done good. Neither could he remember «ll that Mr. Moore had said in connection with Sun day School affairs ; but he felt 6Ure that God had answered all the prayers which he had offered up for tho well-being of the church \- and the district-and though people miaht question w hether prayer was answered. God had his own way of doing things, and he felt sure that a great work was going on even now in Windsor, in the way of religious revival. He would have liked Mr. Moore to have been superannuated and to have settled among then, ; ¿nd though he was going away he was sure he would not forget tl em, any more than they would forget him. He hoped he would leave us with God's hlessinc, and that the words ho had preached to them would not be forgotten. He trusted that the in-com ing minister would meet with the same gond leelinir, and that his terni Would be marked with the same spiritual success that had at tended Mr, Moore. Miss Linsley sang a solo, " Resignation." Mr. Lane addressed the meeting, princi pally on the great assistance be had received from Mrs. Moore-in fjet, he had been more intimately connected with Mrs' Moore than with Mr. Moore, on account of their Sunday school work, and he could safely say that a more faithful or 2ealous pastor's wife and rsundny-sctiool worker he had never met. Airs. Moore had done wonders with her class \- When young people got lo be a certain ape they liked to have their Sundey afternoons to themselves to take a walk, and so on ; hut Mrs. Moore bed, with ¡¡rfattnct .ind kindness, kept them well together: ami nu« itvas his p'p.if lng duty tn hand to tli.it l.vly n ^m.-.U fftrtfír'r i'-diti '?. '£ the '< \'-, HÍJPCI, mu cs teem felt fot ber by ber class, [The gift .consisted of a diver egg-stand.] Mr. Lane wished Mr, and Mes. Moore Godspeed, and ne might say that he did not think Mr. Moore would be long off thespian, but that after a year's rest he would ?come «ut again quit« atrong and invigorated. Mr. Moore thanked the donor« on behalf of his wife, for the gift, and assured them that their offering was mueh appreciated, as also the expression of esteem and love as ex pressed by Mr. Lane. Misses Linsley and Tempest, and Messrs. W. Lane and Grambril!, sang " I am thine." The Rev. P. Fitzgerald said that he had been among them so often that he began to feel almost one of themselves ; he knew he was as welcome as among his own people. They bad had a very pleasant .. party that evening-in fact, he might say that they j had always been a very peaceful and happy party-their dear minister, his good wife, and himself. He had never felt so much at home ! with other ministers as he had during the three years hs bad known Mr. Moore. Great events seemed to be brewing-there was something in the air, he could hardly say what it was, though there was evidently a a great movement going on in the religious world, and it was difficult to say what the result would be. Here the rev. gentleman referred in very happy terms to the New South Wales Contingent in the Soudan. They had left these shores to fviht the battles of their Queen, and also, he believed, to open up the " dark continent " to civilisation and the religion of CbrUt. Ere now, these brave men bad entered upon this great conflict, and we may never see them again. rle said, " God defend the right "-and he believed this cause was the right one. We could not tell what these momentous events portended, or how the sword might clear the way for the cross. It seemed to him that anything in the way of the Redeemer's kingdom might justify the unsheathing of the sword. Tbere was another great struggle going on-and that was against the powers of sin and Satan -which, he trusted, we were all engaged in, and they should welcome with all their hearts anyone who joined io that great fight. He did not say that Windsor was a particular example of extending wickedness, though there was plenty to be done, for all that ; and his friend bad done a soldier's duty-the duty of a soldier of the Cross, in the great fight. Mr. Moore was an old soldier and had fought the battle well, under the banner of tbe Lord JeBus Christ ; he was a veteran, and had earned honourable distinction, which would remain with him till his days closed in victory. He felt that he was losing a friend in Mr. Moore, for their days had been happy together, and be trusted that he might hold his hand as a brother in the future. He was not going far away, however, and he hoped they would see him frequently. He prayed God to watch over him and his family, and the people whom he was leaving. The Choir sang, " Washed in the blood of the Lamb." Mr. A. Simpson also addressed the meet ing, and Mr. W. Lane sang " Who shall roll away the stone," Mr, Price next addressed the meeting as a very old friend of Mr. Moore's ; they had stood together side by aide as young men in Richmond, before Mr. Moore went forth to preaoh the Gospel. He thought they stood alone as the only two who had seen the foundation stone of the Richmond Chapel laid, and since then, to his mind, Mr. Moore had been a faithful servant °of God : his ministrations had been marked with love and sincerity / his preaching had been most beneficial ; and though he may not have astonished people by bis flow of language, his doctrine bad been sound. Mr. G. Turnbull also addressed the meeting, and the Choir sang the " Te Deuin" with grand effect, Mr. Moore felt keenly, the many marked demonstrations of appreciation with which he and Mrs. Moore bad been greeted. He referred to his early days in the district-38 year* ago ¡ it wa» from this district, he started on his march as a soldier of Christ, and to it he returned; wherever he had been in the Islands,[or elsewhere, be had preached Jesus Christ with all his mind and all his heart, and he had done the same here j and in taking the rest he intended, he had de bated the matter in his own mind, and he came to the honest conviction that he was doing right. Ile had always preached thal Christ Was a merciful Saviour, and that God was a just and a righteous God. We were not capable of sitting in judgment, one upon another-all that must be ¡eft to a superior Judge-the Judge of all. This was the doctrine he had preached for 88 years-yes, 38 years ago, he Was present at a meeting in Windsor, before leaving for Queensland, just as we are here now. Mr. Schofield was minister here then, and John Millard was also present among his friends. His minis terial career bad been a wide and successful one; he was two years in Queensland, twenty years in the Islands, three years in New England, three years ia Wolongong, three years in Kiama, three years in Hal main, and now he was Concluding his three years in Windsor, and ho could say, with pride and pleasure, that be had never left a circuit with a deficiency-and as their friends, Messrs. Ducker and Gambrill, had told them, there was none here. When offered this circuit, he could also have gone to others, but he asked himself the question, " Where shall I go ?" and the answer had been, " Go where you were a ymms man where you first taught in the Sabbath School" ; and he came. He came back quite conscious of his failings at all points - physically and spiritually, and he was happy to find that he had made friends who were sorry that he should leave them. All through life, by God's grace, he had made friends. His preaching had invariably been for the young-fur he knew that the most important thing in the young of both sexes was their character. Nature laid heavy hands upon them at timos, and wo were all prone to physical and moral weakness, and therefore he had always made a point of instilling in thc minds of the young thc necessity of maintaining their chaiaclei - when a man or woman Joses their characior in society, it is not rasy to bring it back again. It tingled in bis ears even now, what j had been said to him by men who were no more, as t" this veiy r-ul jcct. He bad never fnrgoltcn it, jiiid ii had been his consiant theme to the young, (rom then till now. Ho mipht say that bc should still take an inter est in th?m and ail they did-as he had dime in any ciicuil. h>-had bren in , il' i.r ri-t I< «¡I among. Heve Slr. Moor« referred to tris : deolirfogetrenetb, end the bop« thats te«t would recuperate it, «o as to «nable bira to go în!o active service again, tie bad been invited to go to other «remu, but be Ijefl; declined. He felt extremely grateful for tims «ry kind manner in which the speakers, and particularly bis good friend, Mr. Fitzgerald, liad spoken of bim. In referring to the circuit work, he (Mr. Moore) felt «ore that there vas a movement for good going on; and he begged to be permitted to tender a '? lew words of advice ns te their treatment of fheir minister-which would apply to?bi* successor, as well as to oay other ; and here he referred to the methods of preaching-he j did not approve of preaching from manuscript, 1 as it detracted from the preachers power over bis congregation, and prevented him throwing his whole soul into bis suVjeet ; be ? thought if a minister thoroughly digested his ; subject through the week, a written sermon ; was not required. He believed in visiting the members of the Church; hut even that might be overdone. He was sensitive himself, and he thought oilier people mi «ht be also ; some times, a minister made hts visits at inoppor tune times- when the head of the family was distracted with business affairs, or the mother with «ocia! cares and Anxieties ; and it were , better, he thought, that the Minister should grasp the situation and-" move on." An- ' other thing he wouid impress upon them; and j that was the manner in which they received their minister or spoke of bim before their children ; they should be sure they said noth ing of their minister before their children that would lend to lower him in their eyes-if they did so, they took from the minister bis power to do good. There were families where ; he had seen this-though not many. He bad \ been with them three years, and was glad to ' find that he had generally been appreciated; and now he was about to. leave them might he not tell them of what little faults be saw in people ? he thought it was bis duty to do so, and therefore, he must refer to (he defici encies at the quatterly meetings-which bad ! been a source of pain to him and the Circuit ' Stewards. It had been referred to to-night, j how little it took to pay the current expenses | of the church, and yet those who could afft rd to pay sixpence a week, paid only threepence. | He knew of comparatively poor families j among them who paid from £1 to 25s per I quarter, while otheis, who could well afford it, I seemed to grudge their Sunday threepences. He concluded by thanking them all ; and prayed God to bless them, and keep them firm in their love for the Lord and Master. Mr. Ducker, in proposing a vote of thanks to the Chairman, for presiding at the meet ing, said be was pleased to tee that hts Mayoral honours and Municipal duties did not prevent their Chairman presiding at a Church meeting. This in itself was good, and he congratulated them upon having a Mayor who had some thought for his Church. Mr. Moore seconded, and the vote was cartied by acclamation. Mr. Linsley responded; he took the chair as one of the congregation, and he threw aside his position as Mayor of the Borough when he came there as their Chairman, He felt it his duty, Mayor or not, it was ail the same to him. Mr. Lane proposed a vote of thanks to t'"e ladies who presided at the tea tables, and to the Choir for their excellent singing-which wa» seconded by M\ Wisbey-who spoke highly of the pleasure he derived from the excellent singing be always heard from the Windsor Choir. They were perfec-, he thought. The vote was carried by acclama tion, and Mr. GutubriU responded for the Choir. The Doxology was sung, and Mr, Moore pronounced the Benediction, which termin ated the proceedings-except many hearty hand-shakings with the rev. gentleman and members of his family-who certainly seem to have endeared themselves to ul I classes ol society in Windsor-and by no means con fined to the members of the Wesleyan Church We wish Mr. Moore G id-speed and trust that a spell from work will enabie him to spend many more years of usefulness among his fellow men. ARGYLE ELECTJON.-Sir Henry Parkes bas been returned by a majori'y of 41 over Mr. John Osborne. The numbers were : - Parkes, 816 ; Osborne, 775. There were 83 informal votes-31 of which wcio for Mr. Osborne-so that Sir Henry's victory is not a great ono-for 60 great a man. DEFERRED JTOGMENT.-The following is the judgment ¡riven by Mr. Justice Dowling, in the ca<o Lamb v. Br >oks, tried before him at the last District Court, held at Windsor : - LAMB V. BOOKS. The plaintiff seeks to recover the sum of £30. Thc facts aie: that just prior to a boat race being rowed between one Komp and Solomon, on the river, during the winter of last year, the plaintiff and one Brown had a bet or wager in referenoe to tho race ; that ts to say, Brown hacked Solomon-laying £20 to £10 on him: the bet was accepted, andas neither party bad confidence in the other, it was arranged that the £30 should be de posited in thc hands of defendant, as stake holder, to bo paid, of contse, lo the winner. It is quite clear that Book« is a deaf man, and-as he 6ays-he did not clearly hear how the bet was made-at any rate, either owing to his deafness or stupidity, after the race wai over, lie gave tip the whole stakes to Brown -he having claimed it HS backing the winner, whereas he backed Solomon. It is admitted that Kemp won. If it be true that Brown claimed the money as winner, when he knew he had lost, and imposed upon defendant, to say the least of it, his conduct was not honest. The plaintiff claims not only his own £10, but th* £20 also. Had there been a prize offered by some third person to he rowed for, then, though the money has boen paid over <o the wroi g party, the plaintiff might possibly be entitled to recover. There is no proof here that the plaintiff claimed his own money-eithtr before the race or after the race, and before it was paid over-and, therefore, the simple question is, can the plaintiff either recover the £30. or his own stake. I think he can nut ; and the case is loo clear, upon the authorities, to come to any oilier conclusion. Uv thc Statute, all belB are illegal, and ali action? in respect of them are forbidden. ] must find for defendant, and allow himself expenses as a witness. A CA KU.-To A i.i (vim AXE fi-rrKmxG rnf>MrT:;p crriMs and incisrr^'ion of yc.cth. ncrrciiF vrcaU ]','? ""-Iv '' ?! . - ? ' i .arihood. ic., 1 will «end ? . '.B,!FRKK VF cuAjtui;. * ' - ? -i ? I ftcovrred by a lnis'iiii.irv TflE PATElOnC FcBD.--Since tBC JSWt fiat WM published, tie following «iMUti M*T9 "bo"» collected : -Messrs, B,, Çnplto, £22«; G. S. Greenwdl, «11« ; ». Hidf«. «5 ; E. C. Ridge, £6, ». Keenan, «Iii; G. T. »uthell, JO«; J. ^Swfäi, 2»6dî and Mise Bushell. £1 ls Î Mrs. Meads, 5s ; Mrs.'Brancker, (OB 6d-making up te the jpresent, £56 13t 6d, DEATH of a WELL-KNOWN CELEBRITY.- Yes, another one of Windsor's old identities has gone over the border-into the dark land of speculation, the land that troubles us all so much in the winter of life. Michael Patrick Flood gave up the ghost on Monday morning last, after long months of weary and painful illness, which be had borne with great forti tude. The old man caught a bad cold some nine months ago, which settled on his lungs, and besides this, he had that fell complaint known as Bright's Disease, and still more re cently he was troubled severely by diarrhoea, which latter ailment speedily landed him in the arms of old King Death. We conclude that Mick FLOOD will he missed about as much as any man in Windsor-he was so well-known, and we think we may say, well liked-of course, even in this there may be exceptions, for Mr. Flood had an undoubted talent for making enemies among a certain class ; the old man had a good memory, was a very staunch friend and an implacable foe -which those who came under his ban well knew. The subject of this short memoir, was born at Castle Hill near Parramatta, in the year 1820. He was the son of Patrick Flood, and if we remember correctly, he informed a learned counsel at a certain civil trial, some time ago, that he was christened by the late Father Theiry. However, Patrick Flood re moved from Castle Hill to Freeman's Reach near Windsor when young Michael was a child, and there followed the occupation of a farmer for many years. The younger Flood was apprenticed at the age of fourteen to Mr. W. Alderson, late of Macquarie-street, to learn the art of boot-making, in which, we believe he excelled in after years-in fact, we have heard that he was one of the best cord- wainers in the district, and though he followed the calling for many years after the expiration of his apprenticeship, it did not agree with him, and finally, he had to give St. Crispin best, and betake himself to other avocations-which, if not more congenial, was better adapted for him, and probably quite as profitable. He was well-known as a dealer for many years, and eventually became lessee of the punt over the river, which used to ply where the Windsor Bridge now stands ; and when that structure was completed and the old punt relegated to the limbo of other old fashioned and absolute things, Mr. Flood became its caretaker. Our old friend was married at the age of 28 to Kezia, a daughter of the late Mr. George Seymour, and she preceeded her husband to "that bourne from which no traveller returns," by some six years. As we have said, deceased was a noted character, and despite his many pecu liarities and eccentricities was much respected. Mr. Flood was quite an illiterate man uneducated in all that relates to book lore, though in the ways of the world, he was what may be fairly termed a clever man ; he was shrewed and sagacious, and had a keen, penetrating judgement, which made him an excellent, judge of character. He was like a book- though not so easily read. To those he cared for, he would reel off chapter upon chapter of local history with surprising accuracy as to dates, names of places and persons ; while to those he had cause to dislike, his book was as incomprehensible as old Parson Spalding's Mormon bible. For some years before his death, Mr. Flood was also lamplighter to the Borough Council, and during the case we have referred to, he convulsed the Court when, in answer to the lawyer who asked what was his occupation, he proclaimed him self as the " light of Windsor" ; in fact, on that occasion, the old Puntman proved him- self one too many for the men of the long robe. Besides this, he was the lessee of Windsor Wharf, until the river became silted up, when our old friend found his occupation gone. When an authority was wanted on anything connected with days of old of the river, or anything concerning old identities who had gone before, Michael Flood was the man ; and though there were other men as old as he, and who had probably seen as much of the past, they had neither the excellent memory, nor the intelligence to make the relation interesting-in truth, he was, as he has often been called, " the historian of Windsor's earliest days." The old man is gone, and he leaves behind him two sons and six daughters to mourn their loss. He lies buried near his wife in the church yard of St. Matthew's, where he was interred on Tuesday afternoon last-having been fol lowed to the grave by a number of townsmen of all shades of opinion and all grades in society- including Mr. H. Taylor M.P., of Parramatta, We noticed that the pall-bearers were-His Worship the Mayor, Messrs. Ross and J. Ryan, and Messrs, G. Dickson, J. Gardiner and Ford. The Rev. F. W. Stretton read the funeral service, and at its conclusion one could look down in the nar row pit and read the following inscription "Michael Flood, died 30th March, 1885 aged 65 years." To which we may add, " Requiseat in pace." HOLLOWAY'S PILLS.-Sleeplessncs, fi.it 11 lency, acidity, nausea, and all dyspeptic indications may be speedily reiieued by these famous Pills, of which large quantities are shipped to all parts of the world. The con stantly increasing demand for Holloway's medicine provea its power over disease, and its estimation hy tho public. In weakness of the stomach, in diseases of the liver, and in disorders of the system caused by cold or a sluggish circulation, 110 medicine is so effi cacious, no remedy so rapid, ns these Pills, which are altogelher incapable of doing mischief. By quickening digestion, they give rolreshing sleep, sharpen the appetite, impart lone to the digestive organs, purify and enrich the blood, regulate the secretions, and strengthen the whole physical frame. AVAB with Russia not so imminent and stocks are rising in consequence. Still the movements of the Russian fleet in the Pacific is creating much uneasiness ; and defence preparations are being made in all the AUB indian Colonies. IK Canada, the half-brods under Louis Heil, Wolseley's old antagonist, aro causing tioub'e. The mounted police have gained one flüht, and no» a force of 5000, consisting of regulars and police, aie on their way to the north-west provinces. THE SCULLING CirAKriowsHir.-Wallace lint, line cb illniigrd Beach to row for thc t : r .i 11 ¡Í ïrsliip, on tin Thjir.es. Tac Djutritw Cu» -Oe Friday ní¿bt, the £7tb «Datant, the members were engaged fa a discussion ac to whether it «ii in the in terest* of the Colony to «end the Contingent lathe Soudan. The debate waa opened by Mr. Stedman in the affirmative ; Hr, Holland «pole on,the question generally, on the «ame side, but it was reserved for Mr. Galiaber to infuse« little life into the debate-wbieb be did by opposing Mr. S tedman in a powerful speech of some length-which, however, did prevent Mr. Johnson from taking «ip the ar gument on the side «of J4r- Stedman-that it was in the interests of the Colon j to send troops to the Soudan, ami ft was also their duty. Mr Carrol) spoke in the negative, and so did Mr. O. Fitzpatrick, while Mr. j. J. Fitzpatrick spoke in the affirmative. After some discussion, Mr. Stedman «ras allowed te reply, and upon a division being called for, the. Chairman, Mr. McNevin, declared that the'Ayes had it. Notice was given that in consequence of the 3rd instant being Good Friday, the Annual General Meeting would be held on Friday the 10th instant. The meeting then adjourned. THE SALVATION ABM?--On Sunday there were large audiences at the School of Arts though the band pawer was small. There were two offie -rs up from Sydney, one of whom played powerfully on a brass instrument, and his voice was equally brazen-so much so that every time he opened his mouth « gen eral titter was observable throughout the audience. The other officer was a very soft speaking, earnest, intelligent looking man, and he was attentively listened to throughout the services-which were much the eame as Usual-though quiter. The singing, we noticed, was very dead, as, unfortunately, all tho voices seem to be in one dull monotone, and they drone away, like a swarm of bees humming. However, we conclude they do their best, and as the Army don't go in for orna mental work, but for utility, it ia no use sug gesting any improvement-though it is quite evident they are not above taking a hint-as on Sunday the Lord's Prayer was introduced in eaeh service. Some of the young-soldiers are improvin« muchly in their oratory, and one or two of them spoke very nicely on Sunday night. During the service on Sunday night, a lot of rude, unmannerly cubs-»hose uniform coats revealed their identity-bad better been in bed, than ex hibiting their grinning mugs at the open window of, what is, io all intents and pur. poses, for the lime being, a place of worship. I If they don't know better, it is about time their Superior taught them. People behave well inside, even though they may not agree with the Army ; and boys, who pretend to be something more than common, should do likewise. THE SOUDAN.-The safe arrival of the New South Wales Contingent has been an nounced. The Iberia arrived at Suakim on Sunday afternoon, and the troops were land ed all well. There was great rejoicing amongst the British troops over their Aus I tralian comrades. They were marched past ! General Graham in review order, end the General then addressed them in very eulo gistic terms. The Australasian arrived on Monday afternoon-all well, and no further Joss of horses. The Contingent has been at. tacked tn the Guard's Brigade, under Brevet Major-General Freemantle. The men have been supplied with their new uniforms, and are now the same in appearance as the Guards. Their physique anti general bearing has been much admired. They are ali anxious to go to the front, and it was fully expected that they Would march with the Guards to attack the I enemy in the Hasheen Hills, on Wednesday ; ! but spies from there reported at Suakim on Tuesday night, th.it the eiemy had evacúa j ted the villages, »nd in a reconnais-ance I made, no Arabs were to be found. The gen 1 era! advance has therefore been postponed I for a few days. Active w rks are bein;; car ried on for the construction of a railway from I Suakim to the Han' O rb Wells, on the road to Berber. Cavalry are now out reconnoitring in all direclio is. Colonel Richardson re ports to Mr. Dalley, all well. Lieut,-Col. Christie has resigned, and Col. Spalding, ap pointed second in com-nand-with Capt. Mackenzie as Brigadf-Ma'or THE GREAT BOAT RACE resulted in a victory for New South Wales-Beach winning easily in 22 minutes 5H seconds, having been fully six lengths ahead of Hanlan when he ceased to row-the ex- champion not pulling to the flag. No hitch occurred, and Hanlan admitted his defeat by a bettpr man. Large sums of monet' have been collected for Beach -who may now be considered a rich man. Hanlan will also fare pretty well, while Mes senger and Laycock have not been forgotten. TUE MARKETS,-Maize is thus quoted to day (Thursday), in the S.M.Herald: - " Steady sales at 3s to 3s 3d per bushel." In Windsor the pries is 2s 9d ; and we hear that maize is plentiful up country-in fact, about Dubbo, abundant. THE H.D.A. SOCIETV.-We beg to call attention to the fact that entries for the com ing Show close on the IOth inst.; and also, that for the convenience of intending exhibit ors, Mr. F. W. Linsley will receive entries in Windsor on the 9th and loth inst. 