PLUTOCRACY However it may be explained, there is no denying that the interest felt in economical and social questions in F.ngland daring the past fewyearsand at the present moment, is altogether unprecedented. The uninterrupted and con- stantly increasing issue from the press of pub lications of all sorts aud sizes, prose aud verse, book, pamphlet, magazine-article awl leaflet, advocating changes that would materially affect tho condition of the people, is of itself a sufficient proof of this. The extension of the franchise and the redistribution of seats that are now impending, have revived tho cry for the ending or mending of the House of 1'cers, hut tlie dis cussion of these questions, instead of diverting, lronld seem to have only the more closely con centrated the public mind on tlie consideration of the use which the nation will make, of its power when it once, attains to something ap proximating to real self-government. It can not be said that tho parliamentary machinery of Great Britian is as yet nearly perfect ; but, in anticipation that they will shortly be in a position to give practical and constitutional effect io the decisions at which they may arrive, the people are now canvassing proposals of the most radical character for the reform of evils that formerly were regarded as lying outside the sphere of politics. As a matter of course, many of the schemes that ore being brought forward are unworthy of serious atiemion, and presented, moreover, in so cnnlo and unintelli gible a form that they cannot possibly exercise uny influence. Others, howcrc-r. deserve to be studied, even when there is no immediate prospect of their being adopted, aud one of these is set forth in apamphlet recently publishedin London, of which We shall give the reader ft short ac count. This pampldot is entitled " Mr. Henry Georgo'sUnproved Assumption ; or. the Pauper ism of Capital, "and it is described by its author, who is a bit of a humorist, as "a politico- economical sonata in four movements." Bat, al though the writer, Mr. F. J. Brace, who tells us that, whilo not very rich, his "whole life has been spent in giving," a state ment which ho illogically alleges to be proved conclusively when ho fnrther aSserU that he " has never earned a penny in his life." is not over-weighted by his souse of responsi bility, there can be no doubt that he is deeply in earnest. Any eccentricity that he displays is confined to the sauce and vegetables with which the piece de. resistance he has prepared for ns is served, and on the whole the dressing is tolerably palatable uud piquant, although it would do no honor to a professional chef dc cuisine. As to the first half of the title he has given to his pamphlet, we had better dispose of that at once, by mentioning that the unproved assumption with which he credits Mr. George is that " when the great monopolies, of which the monopoly of land is the greatest, have been abolished, labor aud capital will no longer stand opposed as enemies, but that the de pendence of the one on the other will result in harmony." Mr. George believes iu competi tion, nnd Mr. Brace apparently' does not ; and yet the main object tho latter has in view is to secure the free competition of capital, which ho contends would involve iis application to productive purposes, and prevent it from being applied to unproductive purposes, us it at pre sent is, through the artificial security tho State gives to investments iu public debts, land mort gages, de. There is no criticism ot any position takc-n up by Mr. George in this pam- phltt ; nnd, so far from being in conflict with Progress and Poverty, it is raiher supplemen tary to it. We shall r ee what Mr. Bruce means by the phrase " Pauperism of Capital," which forms the sub-title of his pamphlet, as wc pro ceed with a summary of its contents. The writer begins by informing us that he is indebted to Hcrr Franz Stopel'3 work on Individuality and Socialism for the enbBtances of his argument. He starts by pointing ont that competition of labor and competition of capital ore two different things : the former produces ovil results, tho latter good. No economist, or sensible man, he says, can think it necessary to limit or restrain the competition of capital in production, for tho man who has savings calls to those who havo none; "Transform this into some valuoblearticlo and we shall share the proceeds ;' and the greater the amount of savings thus applied the bettor. Accordingly Mr. Bruce lays it down that ' there can never be too much capital in the country," End that " the duty of a lawgiver must always be to encourage its free competi tion in production, never to interfere wiib it ; and nil laws which tend to draw it from pro ductive to unproductive employment consti tute such an interference, and are nnjust." He next proceeds to point to the poor law, as an example of socialistic interference with the flee competition of labor, and asks the reader to imagine the state of affairs that would exist if the poor law were to be developed so that the sturdy beggar would be welcomed with open anns, and comfortable pensions secured absolutely to each respectable beggar, together with the right to bequeath tliera ! The army of paupers, with it3 camp followers, sur- rounded by all the restless ghosts of paupers, dead and unretfeemed, wonld plainly soon attain Tery formidable dimensions, and capital would have good reason to cry alond. But Mr. Bruco contends that " there exists at pre sent in other laws a socialistic interference with the competition of capital, which produces similar evil results." Each of the great debts guaranteed by the State, or secured on property with tho guarantee of law is, he says, " essentially an establishment for the reception of sturdy vagrant capital." By this means capital is pauperised, the possessor of it no longer needing to look about for employment for his capital that will bo productive. " Jast as the workman is made idle and useless by a lax poor law, so is tho great mass of the capital absorbed by these debts consumed unprodnc- tively, so that nothing remains bnt tho external tax which has to be paid by tho creditor. Jnst. as the great pauper establishments imagined wonld draw hosts of usefully employed workmen from local and provincial in dustries to the groat centres of pauperism, so do the great debts draw their millions of savings — which might find nsefnl employment in the hands of their owners, or of trustworthy neighbors — to the central loan markets, there to bocome panper and useless in the hands of greedy extravagance. Just as tho pauper army of men was used for mischief by its leaden, so is the panper army of debts, securities and stocks used by speculators who get command over the money market for pnr- poses of gambling and plnnder, and in such a manner es to destroy all steadiness and cer tainty in production and commerce." As we shall see, Mr. Brace has not yet com pleted the parallel he draws between what we may call the pauperism of labor, and wbat he calls tho pauperism of capital ; but, in order to enable the reader fully to understand the indictment he brings against onr present debt system, we must allow him to explain him self more in detail. " State, land and pro perly are," as he says, « the only competitors who cun enter tlie loan market and obtain eipital without pretending, or needing to pre tend; that it will be used productively. This power has actually led all three iuto great extravagance and waste, hvs left them hardened with immense debts, and has pre vented vast accumulation; of savings from seeking productive employment. On what does this power rest?" the writer asks, and to this question he gives the following reply : — " It rests, not on mere nature, but on law. The law gives it by recognising debts contracted on the security cf the State, of land and of pro perty, as binding, and by enforcing payment of the tax agreed upon between borrower and lender. The law, therefore, gives to savings Mr. Itc-ury Georau's L'nprovitl assumption : or. the Pauperism ot Capital, being a politico-economical sonata in four movements, by <f- ffruce. London : Signs foul aad Co. invested in these debts an artificial j security, which they cannot find in , productive employments ; the result is that investors who desire security eagerly compete for places in them, and the effect of this, com petition is that unproductive borrowers increase their debts nnd draw still more capital ont of production, Tho law, therefore," Mr. Bruco reiterates, "is guilty of interfering in the free competition of eapital, and it interferes in such a way as to discourage ihe good and encourage the bad use of it." As the sole object we bave in view at present is to lay Mr. Brace's views before our readers, wo shall abstain from making (my romments on his state- Blent of the case with which he deals Tbo modem system of debt divides the community into three classes, he tells us— creditors, debtors and traders in debts. Most creditors practise some art, profession or trade, bnt there are many creditors, especially in England, wbo aro creditors pnre and simple — rentiers who practise neither art, profession nor trade, who perform the single public function of drawing income ; and " the modern system of debt," Mr. Bruce declares, "has been in vented by the devil himself for the purpose of producing in countless swarms that public uuissnco of the Plntonic state — the drone." Towards the creditor who is a mere burden to liis fellow-man Mr. Bruce entertain;; mixed feelings. So far as he is content to livo like a pauper, without doing a stroke of work, or feel ing ashamed of himself, be has nothing but con tempt for bim : bnt thero aro creditors of les3 ignoble temper who have been born in the work house of wealth, and as they feel the burden of their disgrace, although thoy may not clearly see ilio cause of that disgrace, and may lack the strength of will to casi the cause from them, so far as they are pitiably miserable, Mr. Brace thinks they are thereby saved from contempt. ' Iuto the hands of the possessor of 3 per cents, mortgages nnd tho like." he solemnly informs ns, " is put a two-edged sword of inde pendence, which not one in a thousand con ;use without danger to himself and bis neighbors : " and further, tho State, by fostering the exist ence of the creditor class is, Mr. Bruce asserts. " working out iis own disorganisation, is wast ing the human power at its disposal, and fearfully accentuating tlie antagonism between rich and poor in making i heir relation that of lax gathor and tax payer." Now, Mr. Brucc's ideas on this subject are not quite so novel as he seems to thiuk, al though we gladly acknowledge that be sets them before us in this pamphlet in afresh and lively style: lint at the same time tliey have up to the present received very little attention, and wo confess that we do not consider it at all likely that tlie time is near at hand when they will be generally adopted and put into practice. Few persons prob ably will disagree with liim that " in a state which practises true ceomomy the main object of the laws should be to protect labor, to en courage it in all, and to ensure to it a full and satisfactory reward, which would imply pro tection of the right of all property which can be regarded as ibe accumulated result of labor. It should not be their object to favor property, wealth and idleness at t lie expense of labor, poverty nud industry. Tet such." he again re peats, " arethe effects actually brought about by the laws on which our great system of indebted ness rests, To the poor, tho industrious and the honest they are a curse, and nothing bnt a ciuse ; bnt to tho rich they give opportunities of adding to their riches without effort ; to the idle, means of living in perpetual idleness ; while into the hands of those who gain control over tho money market and tho circulation of money isput vast irresponsible power, which they may and do use without scruplo solely for their own enrichment, and which, at times, makes it possiblo for them to dictate terms to labor, to stop industry and commerce by holding back the necessary medium of oxchango, and to ruin more families than a great war." Plutocracy has mounted the throne in these onr times — that is, iu brief, the message that Mr. Bruce delivers, and tlie reader will have an ticipated that he advocates the immediate deposition of this ruler. Not only would he pay off and abolish tlio National Debt, but he would make it illegal to contract any permanent debt on the security of tlio State or any local government. Then, the right of ; raising money on the security of land should | also, he contends, be abolished; aud indeed ! tlie Suito should cease to give encouragement to any form of indebtedness whatever. Of the results that wouid follow the abolition of the great debts, that, in liis opinion, pauperises eapital ut the present duv. Mr. Bruce speaks in glowing terms. -Abolish debt," be says, " aud tho rich man ceases to be the idle good- for-nothing, or the ambitious power which he has now become : for wealth not invested in debts cannot be preserved, much less in creased, and must bo applied to some useful purpose if it is not to waste away. Bnt if debt | is not attacked, the power of the plutocrat must grow as other powers fade or ore cut down ; and against the plntocrat," Mr. Brace declares, tho upper classes of fociety need to be more on their guard than against all their other enemies. 