SPORTING. The Northern Hunt , Club hounds meet to-dny at ; Burwood railway station at 3 o'clock. ... _. The "Emerald IbIc" produced the winners of . the high and broad jumps at the Amateur . uu4ujujuukuiu dlVCUDg Sit OUUllipurt uu|ji<tuu h P. J. Kelly winning the former with the splendid . performance of 6ft. lHn., and J. Purceli the latter wiih 21ft. lOJin. .. Canterbury Park is once more in the field, lhe programme of five race to be run on September \- /f> having been decided on, comprising Flying Stakes, 70sovs. j Selling Race, lOOsovs.; Sep- . tember Handicap, lOOsovs.; Prince of wales' . Stakes, 70sovs.; and Ladies' Bracelet, 40sovs. Entries, are due on next Monday week, and weights will be declared after Tattcrsall's meot- iiK. : -Tho annual meeting of the Now England Jockey Club commences to-day. \- News comes from Melbourne that tho fancy < \- selections for the Grand National Hurdle Race and Steeplechase double at next Saturday's Canlfield meeting arc 1000 to 36 Huntsman and Vulcan; 1000 to 36 Huntsman and Meander, 1000 to 30 Star and Wymlot, and the same price was accepted about The Ghost and Wymlot. Francis Loug'tbe Victorian trainer, was so levcrcly kicked by n horse on Saturday as to necessitate his removal to the hospital. A splendid run after a stag was had by tho . . Melbourne hounds on Saturday at Braybrook, but the field was considerably thinned, the scarcity of previous runs doubtless being the cause.. The stag led his followers a merry dance for 10 miles, and every description of obstacle was encountered, despite which the run was decidedly the best of tho season. \- Owners and trainers of horses arc notified .that the courso proper at Rnndwick will bo thrown- open for the use of yearlings till 1 o'clock every day, after which hour they must be worked on the other tracks. It is quite on tho cards that Professor Jaek- » son, of Sydney, and Lees, of Victoria, will be matched for a glove contest, under Marquis of Quecnshorry's rules. The principals and their backers are to moet at holey 'a White Horse Hotel on Friday to talk the matter over. We learn from Maitland that Mr. John Mayo has purchased tho colt Minerva, by Maribyr- nong from Mr. Clift, the price paid being, it is said, £390. . Work at Rnndwick commenced at the usual hour yesterday morning, but the cold wind whiclt blow across tho ground made " touting anything but a pleasant occupation. Old Ter minus set the ball rolling with a strong two miles, after which Kipgsdalc ran over Orator at the end of a fast mile anil a half, the son of Rosa- dale creating a favourable impression by thedc- cieivc manner lie beat the little chcenut in. Orystal and Eagle Grango got tlirough two miles steadily, hut they were not bent on making \- - fast time, neither was College Boy nor Rocket, who moved slow nt three-quarter pace over the same distance. Phaon was unable to pace with -Miie-nifier dnrinir a run from Cutts's. anil Ynn- gcus had' lots tho worst of a similar morning's work with Enor. Blemish led Highland Mary and Prodigal all tho way over once rouud, und then Uralia slipped along freely and well for tho same distance, though only at a good working , pace. A good still mile wns given to Angora, and Astrrca .was allotted a similar taak. Espiegle had Crown Jewel for a companion over a fast once round, und Lord of the Lake went under to Rapid when tho finish came to n strong mile und a half. Hexham, if anything, ltad tbo pull over Tempo in a run from the mile post, and Car digan, had be been wanted, could have run over Clarendon for tho same distance. First Chester and Ellington rattled home over C fur longs nftor a long cantor ; and Matchlock, Nor- flenfcldt, and Percussion put in a similar dis tance nt n brisk pace nt tlicond of a mile canter. Despot ngnin bad nil the best of Monte Cliristo \- after a strong gallop of it mile und a quarter, but Desmond and Slrcnckynm finished together after completing the same distance. Farewell worked alone, and a good working gallop was given to Glen Elgin. Michael, Cairo, Brenda, llappy Thought, Vanguard, Oudeis, Liverpool, ami many others were out, but did only slow exercise. ' Tho August edition of Oxenham't Turf Re gister has been issued, and at such an import ant state of the racing year no sporting man Bhould bo without a copy. Uralia, who lias been delighting visitors to Randwick in tho mornings by the easy manner in which she " boats the watches," wan backed yesterdayifor tho V.R.O. Derby to win £2000 at 10 to 1. SimpBOn wan in great request for the Sir Joseph Banks Handicap, and so good a thing is. that ovont voted for him that all tho money offering at 0 to 1 wan taken. Jumbo nnd .Mr. Carnegie's pony brought off their long-dolayed two miles' trot'at Raudwick yesterday afternoon in the presence of a good crowd' of Spectators. The pony wns conceded a start of 100yds., but Jumbo overhauled her aftov going three- quarters of a mile, and -won as he liked. Darkie did hot -put in an appearance > to engage in his - match with Sir William,- and the lattor went over the course of threo miles alone. : < -Sir William. trotted the distance easily in 9.84, > and his condition reflected' the greatest credit on . W. Blott, who has had him under his care for -some weeks past. He was certainly a much improved horse on the day tvhen his colors were lowered by Darkle, and that tho latter would havo but little show yesterday had ho been trotted out was tho opinion of the many good judges present. A number of horses intondod for the Metro politan and other races have been doing regular work on tho Bathurst course lately. Yesterday morning Morry Dncboss and Oatcake were out. Kathleen went twice round in capital style, though not very fast. Palarondra and Confidence went ont in company, and gnUoped sufficiently fast to mnke the former blow like a porpoise. Tho Felon, Gozo and Courtier had a mile and a quarter in company, and went at a fair pace. Felon nnd Goto finished together, Jwith Grant behind thorn. Ionia did a cantor in clothes, and Normnnby, with a hood on, did a mile and a half, the last three-quarters in fair time. 