LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.' I. THIS HIGH SCHOOL QUESTION. I I SIR-The advertisement convening the meeting at Mr. A. I. Clark's office, to con ' sides the question of the High School, was couched in such terms that, apart from the asperity of tone which has marked the op salients of the recent arrangements with Christ's College, the members of the council of the High School were precluded from at attending and explaining their views. I therefore ask you to allow me space to elucidate the present position of affairs. This is due to those interested in the school and to the public generally. The complaint made against the council that it was mainly composed of men belonging to the denomination which has always occupied the left wing of the party of religious liberty, is at least a proof that we were not disposed to play into the hands of clericalism, or to favour denominational education, and Mr Clarke's character and services in the cause of religious freedom are too well known to permit the supposition that he would knowingly prove a traitor to the principles. For my own part, as an old High School boy, all my feeling was in favour of preserving the old school, if it were possible, and I know that the other members of council shared the same sentiments. I think, therefore, we can claim to have approached the consideration of the question without undue bias. In the first place, then, to clear the ground, let me say that there never was any question of an amalgamation between the High School and Christ's College. There has been no High School, as such, for the last 20 years. That institution died in 1865, £1,500 In debt, and the dissolution of the High School Association took place four, or five years afterwards. By the minute book it appears that upon the issue of the grant of the site it was provided,-"That upon the dissolu- tion of the association from any cause, the trustees and their head a and assigns shall at all times thereafter stand and be possessed of and interested in the land upon the trusts and for the ends, intents, and purposes upon which the association would hold the same if it had continued to exist." The school, which up to the present has occupied the High School buildings, has for the past 20 years been a private school. It has been carried on by the Rector, the Rev. R. D. Poulett-Harris, a clergyman of the Church of England, for his own profit, at his own heart, and is in every sense his private property. The Council have had no jurisdiction over it, further than to see that Mr. Harris did not contravene the fundamental principles of the institution. It is well-known that within the last year or two the advancing age of the rector has rendered it imperative for him to seek the rotiromoiltand rostwhlohhohasso well earned by nearly 30 years' labour in the cause of education. His strength was unequal to the arduous work, and the school was steadily; dwindling in consequence. It was just at this period that Christ's College entered the field as a new and formidable competitor, It became clear that thoRectot'sBchool.woak onodaB was would not boablotomakohead against the powerful opposition, of an Irish nation with an endowment at its back, which would enable it not only to keep a strong teaching staff, but, by hiding its time, to carry out its unendowed rivals, It was plainly a case in which the woakcstiinuBt go to the wall, and the weakest would inevitably be the rector and his school. When, therefore, proposals Were made by Christ's College the answer returned by the High School Council was in cÜRct that Mr. Harris was the sole proprietor of the school, and that solons he chose to retain possession of the buildings the Council would not interfere with him, but that if the College authorities could make arrangements to purchase his interest the Council would then be ready to treat with the College for the occupation of the buildings. It is not necessary to go into details of the negotiations, suffice it to say that the College ' eventually agreed with Mr. Harris to purchase his school III consideration of an annuity of £300 for seven years. The question of the terms on which a lease could be granted was then discussed. Throughout the negotiations the Council steadily adhered to the letter and spirit of the fundamental principles laid down in the constitution of the association, viz: 1st. That the Holy Scriptures shall be road in the Institution to the pupils thereof daily, but that to preserve the catholicity of the institution this rule shall not be enforced in the case of any pupil whose parent or guardian may object to it. 2nd. That the inculcation of the peculiar tenets of any religious denomination shall be scrupulously avoided as foreign to the design of the institution. it was made an essential condition that the authorities of Christ's College should guarantee that these principles should not be violated. It was stipulated that the religious instruction in the school should continue to be on the same lines as it had been under Mr. Harris, and indeed ever since the foundation of the school, and further, that such teaching should not include the inculcation of the peculiar tenets of any religious denomination, and that no divinity students should be taught in the High School buildings. With this condition, the premises were let to the college for a term of seven years at a nominal rent, 12 months' notice to be given at the end of that time, the college to keep the buildings in repair, insure them, and pay all rates and taxes. If any of these covenants are broken, the college to forfeit the lease after due' notice. Looking at the question from the point of view of public advantage, and the interests of unsectarian education of a high class, it would seem that the action of our Council will commend itself to those whose judg ment is not warped by theological antipathies. On the one hand we have the Council as the custodians of fine buildings, , admirably adapted for scholastic uses, but on the brink of having no school left to occupy them. On the other hand we have 1 an Institution with a grand endow- ment, a fine staff of able masters, and a growing school, but without premises to enable it to use these advantages. It only wanted such a building as the Council have at their disposal to enable this Institution to carry on most efficient work, and employ its large resources for the advantage of the colony upon precisely the same lines laid down in the original High School constitu- tion. And yet it is seriously urged that the, building should have been refused, and that the Council should have adopted a course which in a few months would have left those buildings without a tenant, ourselves as guardians without funds to keep them in repair, or even to insure them against fire, and would, moreover, have left the rector after 30 years of hard service for the public without any provision for his declining years, The High School was established nearly 40 years ago in opposition to the denomination alarm off the Church of England. It was founded by men who desired an unsectarian education for their boys, but one from which religion should not be excluded. The de- nominational System , has ceased to exist in the public schools of the colony. And now one of those denominational schools comes to the Council of the High School and says, " Give us admittance to' your building and we will conduct our school on your principles. Our education shall be unsectarian." Is not this the victory of the very principle for which our' fathers contended ? And what useful purpose can be served by trying to raise the dead ghost of, an old and forgotten ieutU ', i I i I ! , I Some of those who are taking the most prominent part in opposing the Council's action, are my personal friend JB, for whom I entertain a warm regard and esteem. I have the sincerest respect for the conscientious motives which I am sure actuate them, But I believe them to be mistaken, and I am firmly assured that in the arrangement with Christ's College too have acted in the true spirit of the trust committed to us, and have secured a great benefit to the public of all denominations, and to the cause of I of unsectarian education am, etc., J. B. WALKER. July 17. VLOUILINX-Koa The TEST AUB HEATH. A few drops of the liquid " Floriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the tooth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the tooth a peculiar pearly whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed tooth or tobacco smoke. "The Fragrant KlorlUno,"being composed in part of honey and sweet herbs is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age Price 2s. 6d., of all Chemists and perfumers, Wholesale depot 83, Farringdon Road, London. i 