Sketcber. Spring-Heeled Jack. (From All Tlw Year Round.) It is now nearly half a century since the in habitants of London and its suburbs were kept in a constant state cf terror by a man, who, nnder various disguises, would suddenly ap pear before the unsuspecting pedestrian, and, after having nearly frightened the traveller out of his or her senses, would as suddenly disappear with terrible bounds, leaving the •mpression upon his affrighted victim that his Satanic Majesty had condescended to pay him a visit in person. Evening was the time gene rally chosen by this eccentric character for his exploits, and, doubtless, there are many living who can recollect the pang of fear which B'lot through their hearts when, leaping from 8 jme dark corner, out of a door-way, or over a hsdge, he stood before you. Who this singular being was, or what was (pie true object of his escapades, can only be left to conjecture, as he was never captured ; certain it is, that robbery was not the motive, in he was never known to take a single coin {com bis victims, even when fright had ren dered them an easy prey, nor did he often practice any other degree of cruelty beyond Scaring them, whieb, however, was quite suffi cient, as in some instances the sufferers never thoroughly recovered the shock to their serves. The only surmise as to his identity that was ever hazarded, was that he waB the Mar quis of Walerford—then famous as a ring leader in all that savoured of fan and frolic— bat not a shadow of proof could be ever ad duced in support of this theory. The more general belief appears to have been that there were several persons concerned in the affair; that they were members of high families, and that the cause of their pranks was a bet of three thousand pounds that they would pro cure the death of not less than thirty human beings, apportioning them with nice defcrimi nation as follows :—Eight old bachelors, ten old maids, and six lady's maids, and as many servant-girls as they could, trusting that by depriving tbem of their reason they would ac oelerate their deaths. This is, of course, in credible, but the chief clerk of the Mansion House police-kourt, in a letter to the news papers, said it wfis so reported to a committee that was formed by the Lord Mayor for the purpose of tracking and prosecuting the scoundrels. It is difficult to assign the exact locality which gave birth to this extraordinary freak, either side of the Thames claiming the dis tinction ; come averring tbat it was at Ham mersmith, others again that it was Barnes. The most <ruetwortby accounts give the palm to the latter village. It was in the latter end of 1837, at Barnes, that the ghost made its first appearance in the shape of a large white bull, attacking seve ral persons, more particularly women, many of whom suffered most severely from the fright. At East Sheen, in the form of a white bear, the alleged spirit carried on similar gam bole. His gfcoetehip then extended his opera tions to the town renowned for " maids ol honour," and in the course of a few days ali Richmond was aghast at the tales of women being frightened to death and of children be ing torn to pieceB by him. The search alter the unearthly visitant was here becoming too warm for him, And he shifted the scene of hip labours to Ham, Kingston, and Hampton, at ■ which latter place he was seen, clad in armour of brass, with spring shoes, and large claw like gloves, but being hotly pursued he scaled the walls of Bushby. Park and vanished. Ted dington, Twickenham, and Hounslow, all had stories to tell of his appearance, and in Sioi Park, the seat of the Duke of Northumberland, many and fearful were the iujuries said tc have been inflicted by him. At Isle worth a carpenter was seized at eleven o'clock at night, and most unmercifully beaten by the ghost, who was attired in polished steel armour, with red shoes, etc. It must be noted what an ex ceedingly varied wardrobe this sprite must have had, rendering it very difficult, one would think, for him to move, with such extensive properties, with alacrity from place to place. The neighbourhood of Uxbriilge was the next scene of his pranks, and he approaohed the metropolis through Han well, Brentford, s.n<] Ealing, in which last place he was seen in steel armour, striking terror into the in mates of the various schools located there, and frightening the blacksmith of the village so completely as to force him to keep his bed in consequence of the shock he sustained. At Hammersmith ho found a determined op ponent in the shape of a laundress, to whom he appeared in the form of an immense baboon, six feet high, with enormous eyes, and arms of an extensive length ; and in strict keeping with his animal appearance, he grunted like an hyena. This courageous woman, after an ineffectual attempt to avoid her uncanny visitor, determined to give him battle, and flew at him with such fury that he was glad qo give up the contest. Even the royai precincts of Kensington Palace did not escape from his visits, children hav ing seen the unearthly being dancing by moonlight on the Palace Green, and ever and anon scaling the wall? of the royal foreing houses. In consequence of th panic attending these exaggerated stories, the police had strict orders to investigate their truth, but were un able, in the majority of cases, to trace any person who had really seen the apparition. That there was mischief afoot, however, was clearly shown by the applications at the Man sion House and other police-courts for protec tion. At Pcckham he caused the greatest alarm (judging by a letter to the Lord Mayor, from a resident there), appearing in a new character, as a spectre, and scaring out of her senses, amongst others, an unfortunate servant girl who opened a do or to him; and the writer also said that seven ladies had been reduced to the same unhappy state through fright at the awful apparition. Letters poured into fhe Mansion House from all parts of London, showing how universal was the terror which had been inspired by this masquerading miscreant. Several persons, most especially women, were injured bodily in many instances by the claws with which he appears to 'have armed-his hands, and if one writer may be believed, several deaths on the south side of London had been caused by the shock his appearance had given. A letter from St. John's Wood stated that for a whole fortnight that neighbourhood had been favoared with Spring-heeled Jack's attentions; he sometimes appearing as a bear, and some timeq clad in mail. This correspondent asserted that the bet, which was supposed to be the cause of these prank3, was that the monster should kill six women in some given time. That hh appearance was calculated to up set even the stoutest-hearted must be ad mitted^ for the Lord Mayor himself, though much inclined to bs sceptical, acknowledged that he had been given to understand, on un doubted authority, that in the vicinity of Forest Hill, where he resided, one of the female servants of a gentleman who lived near his house had been terrified into fits by the sudden appearance of a figure clad in a bear's skin, which, upon being drawn aside, exhibited the human body, with loDg horns emblematical of Satan himself—clad in a suit of mail. The •' ghost" did not disdain to avail him self of material means of conveyance occa sionally, as is shown by a letter to the Morning Herald, January 16Gb, 1838, from " A Resident on Paddington Green," who stated that he had seen, closc to his house,' a figure cJad in white, closely pursued by two i men, and, after a smart chase, this matter-of fact apparition jumped into a cabriolet, and' was driven out of the reach or his woald-be captors. | A committee was formed at the Mansion ! House in January, 1888, for the purpose ol receiving subscriptions, and to decide upon the best means of capturing this uneasy spirit, and of visiting it with the punishment which ; it so richly deserved. In sending a donation of five pounds to the fund, a gentleman residing at Dulwicb wrote that his daughter waB lying in ! a very dangerous state, having been nearly deprived of her senses by the sudden appearance of a figure enveloped in a white sheet and blue fire, which had met her on her i return home from a friend's house; other? equally testified to injuries received at the hands of the hobgoblin. A reward of ten pounds was offered for the apprehension of the heartless scoundrel, but unhappily it com pletely failed in its object, and the perpetra tor of this ghastly " joke " continued to be at , large. Thinking, perhapss that he had done as much harm as he desired in the other parts of London, for a whole month Spring heeled Jack devoted himself to disturbing the peace of mind of the dwellers in the East End of the metropolis, the neighborhood of Bow being particularly patronised by him. One gross outrage came before the police-magi-1 strate at Lambeth-street, and caused con siderable attention. A young lady, named Alsop, living with j her parents in the vicinity of Bow, stated that at about a quarter to nine o'clock on the evening of February 21,1838. she heard a violent ringing at the front gate of the house, and on going to the door to see what was the cause, she saw a man standing outside, of whom she enquired, what was the matter. The person instantly replied that he was a policeman, and said: " For God's sake bring me a light, for we have caught Spring-heeled Jack here in the lane." She returned into the house, and brought a candle and handed it to the man, who was enveloped in a large cloak. The instant she had done so, however, he threw off his outer, garment, and applying the lighted candle to his breast, presented a most hideous and frightful appearance, and I vomited forth a quantity of blue and white flame from his mouth, his eyes resembling | red balls of fire. From the hasty glance! which her fright enabled her to get at his person, she observed that he wore a large hel met, and his dress, which appeared to lit him very tight, seemed to her to resemble white oil-skin. Without rttering a sentence he darted at her, and catching her partly by her dress, and the back part of her neck, placed her head under one ol his arms, and com menced tearing htr clothes with his dawn, which she was certain were made of some metallic substance. She screamed out as loud as she could for assistance, and by considerable exertion got away from him, and ran towards the house to get in. Her assailant, however, followed, and caught her on the doorstep, "when he again used con siderable violence, tore her neck and arms with hia claws, as well as a quantity of hair from her head; but she was at length rescued from him by one of her sisters. Her story was fully corroborated by her parents and sisters, and &er; injuries, which were very con ! fiiderahle, bore UBtnistakableficetimonv to the j truth of the assault. Subsequently in Bow Pair Fields Jack nar rowly escaped capture by some workmen, and it was only by his extreme agility, and inti | mate knowledge of the locality that bo got j clear oll.^ Two men were arrested as beinc concerned In* this, affair—one a master bricklayer, and the other a carpenter; but after a very long and searching investigation at Lambeth-street police-court, they were dn charged, as they were not fully identified as being^ the actual perpetrators, though it was certain they knew something more about ; the matter than they chose to acknowlcdno. Another sample of the ghost's playful ways in the East End of London, was shown by a statement made before the magistrate at Lambeth-street police- court, March 8, 1838, by a Mies _ Scales, who deposed that as she and her sister were walking in Limebouse about halt-past eight in the evening, on coming to Green Drnyon Alley they observed some person standing in an angle in the pas sage. She was in advance ot her sister at the time, and just as she came up to the person, who was enveloped in a large cloak, he spirted a quantity of blue fiatne right in her face, which deprived her of her sight, and so alarmed her, that she instantly dropped to the ground and was seized with violent fits, which continued for siaveral.hours. This in dividual was described as tall, thin, and of gentlemanly appearance, and carried in front of him a small lamp, similar to those used by the police; he did not utter a word, nor did be attempt to lay hands on the young woman, but walked away in an instant. Not confining himself to the crowded parte of the metropolis, he made the suburbs hia hunting-ground, and terrorised both sides of the Thames to such an extent that but few females would venture out after dark without sufficient escort. He visited Blackheath in a truly novel aud marvellous "manner. Three ladies were crossing the heath at about six o'clock, when they suddenly came upon a mon strous figure before them, and as the lamps had been lit some time, they had a good view of it. The /monster, they said, had a phos phoric lustre, showed tremendous long ears, horns and tail like thope of a bullock. One of the ladies fell down in a fit, and the other two had resort to that potent weapon in the female armoury, a good scream, which promptly brought a policeman to their assis tance, and on his bold advance the apparition threw itself over his head and disappeared on the heath, .during which gymnastic per formance, it was said, the hooks, or springs, on his heels were distinctly visible. In a pamphlet, published at the time, we have preserved to us a, portrait of the "ghost," as he appeared in this instance, and the representation even, much less the reality, is quite enough to upset the nerves of any ordinary- minded person. He is depleted as clad in all the orthodox details of a satanic outfit, horne, tails, etc., with fearful claws on both hands and feet, the latter additionally armed with large hooks, attached to the heels, whilst his countenance puts any medieval conception of the Evil One quite to the blush. No wonder, then, the ladies are shown ae suffering an extremity of terror, with their mouths extended to their utmost capacity presumably screaming. In another tract there is a similar portrait of this man fiend, its horrors being heightened by being highly-colored, and there he is repre sented as appearing in a churchyard to two women. In a third booklet he appears as in half armour, with helmet, etc., his nether limba being clad in a species of fox-hunting cos tume, a huge cloak adorning his back. ^ Having alarmed the dwellers on the south side of the Thames, so as nearly io deprive them of their senses, he again crossed the water, and appeared to a party of people near Hollo way in the guise of a bear. Here, how ever, he met with a reception he hardly con templated, for there being a brickfield handy, the men of the party treated him to a shower of bricks, a mode of treatment which he by no meahs relished, and which induced him to beat a speedy retreat. One evening, near Lord Holland's gate at Kensington, a gaunt figure accoutred like Don Quixote, and covered with spikes, was seen striding along the road, and, after staring in the faces of some labouring men, disappeared in an instant. These men, it is said, went into a beer-shop in the vicinity, and then relating what thev had seen, they again went to the plaee where the figure had appeared, in expectation of its return. However, they did net meet it, but they saw an uncouth monster, having the shape of an enormous baboon, playing its antics beneath some trees which overhung the road. As they approached the creature sprang up on the branches and disappeared. Spring- heeled Jack, of coarse, being credited with this mysterious occurrence. ^ Hackney was favored with an extraordinary vision of this many-shaped intruder on the public peace, for he appeared, so the story runs, in the shape of a lamp-lighter walking on his head and hands, and carrying his ladder between bis feet, to which was sus pended a lantern of large dimensions, amply lighted. And this curious creature, on being approached, somersaulted so high that those who saw it were utterly astonished. But this, surely, is rather more than even the most credulous ought to be expected to swallow, and the story must have been manu factured to feed the public taste for the marvellous. Another glimpse of him was had on the road to "Woolwich, when a blue flame issued from his mouth, and a girl who witnessed it fell into fits. His dress on this occasion is described as that of a gentleman, with the somewhat startling addition of a wide strip of scarlet down the back of his coat. Being pursued, be sprang over the fences as usual, and was out of sight in an instant. Still lingering in Kent, he was found the following night at Dartford, where he was clad in a bear-skin, and amused himself with the mis chievous trick of putting out the town gas and leaving the streets in darkness. The ubiquity of the fellow was something wonder ful, and tended, of course, very much to en hance his fame; no sooner was he heard of in Kent than he turned up at Hampstead Heath, springing over the furze-bushes and somersaulting over the gravel-pits. So numerous were the tales told of Spring heeled Jack that a good many must be sup posed to be true; whilst, on the other hand, great allowance must be made for credulity, some people not being content with the mar-' vellous as they find it, but being only too happy to add thereto. As a final specimen of the nonsense circulated about his appear ance, perhaps the following is about the best: A wonderful sight, it was said, was witnessed on Primrose Hill one evening. On the summit appeared a huge figure of a man, in a flame of pale blue it then assumed the bulk of a massive elephant, then of a windmill in full operation, and lastly, in lessening its dimen sions, it became a large ball of snow, which rolled down the hill, and escaped further notice. What Spring-heeled Jack had to do with this dreadful appearance is not at all clear, but it was attributed to him, neverthe less, such was the hold that he had obtained over the public mind. Whether too much attention was beginning to be paid io him with a view to bis capture, or whether his love of mischief had died out, cannot be told, but certain it was that noth ing was known publicly of this singular~being after April, 1838, having kept London in a ferment of excitement and terror for about six months. The foregoing are only a few of the stories, veracious or otherwise, that wero related of him, spaco not permitting any more detailed account to be given. The notoriety this fellow had obtained seems to have had the effect of making many silly young men emulous' to enact ihe rullian in a small way, considering it the height oi cleverness to lighten women and children out of their wits, under the belief that Spring heeled Jack was attacking them. Many cowardly assaults on women were reported in various parts of the metropolis, under the im pression, doubtless, that it wan all a " lark but it was a joke the victims hardly appre ciated, as, should they scream out in their terror, their unmanly, assailants did not hesi tate to strike them with their lists in the mouth, i» order to silence them. One of these imitations of .Jack, a young footmau, who had kept the inhabitants of Kilburn in considerable alarm by sallying out upon them di«guiscd as a ghost, in a white sheet and hideous mask, from which depe nded a long beard, was captured and lined £1, which aceum hardly an adequate nenkmce tor the offence, seeing .how «Mam t'ic.su gentry gave justice a chance o£ punishing tbeni. In a satirical paner, the " Ai;<\" of March 11, 1S38, id found a recipe lor the cure of "spring-heels " in "Jacks.". " Take of peas, popper, ealt, and Kunpow der an equal amount. Fiat mixture in blun doabusii without • scruple." Make applica tion in the region of the 'oa cocygjis,' and let fly. We arc happy in having the bent opinion that no person afflicted with 4 Spring heeled Jsckism' can withstand the effect* of this treatment of hisjnervous system." Undoubtedly, if this prescription had been followed extensively in its entirety by the in habitants of London, there would not have been much more heard of the pranks of thene , cowardly fellows, whose only redeeming point ! was that they abstained from plundering those who had been weak enough to be frightened by their appearance. 