THOUGHTS ON THE WORKS OF \- CHARLES DICKENS . [By an occasional Contributor.] IT will, I believe, be generally admitted that Oharles Dickens, as a novelist, was not only one of the most amusing but also instructive writers of his day, and that his works ? in nearly all of them presented characters which could bo identified with living portraits of every day life. And it is not only in their amusing characters that hie stories should be regarded, but in the groat amount of good they effected by reforming many abuses which required exposing, . and being held up to public contumely and con /' tempt. Of course, for high-class writing Mr. Charles Dickens could not be compared with Lytton Bulwer or Disraeli ; but he never affected what may be termed fine writing, yet what he wrote went to the hearts and homes of his readers, and in this he was thoroughly successful, and it was all that he desired. I will now give a cursory glance or sketch of 'Mr. Dickens' principal works, and com ' mence with his first, 'The Pickwick Papers,' in which his characters exhibit as much originality as any of his subsequent novels. Here we have old Weller with his common sense philosophy and dread of ' widders;' S^m. Weller, the younger, with his loyalty ? to his good master and honest buoyant heart . ' r— both thoroughly English; poor Mrs. Bar deli with her lodging-house proclivities, her embarrassing susceptibilities, and ridiculous 'pathos; then brow beating Sergeant Buzfuz, all these will long live in the imaginaton of English readers. ?In ' Oliver Twist' Mr. Dickons has dis played a more varied talent. His delinea tion of the low slums of London (of which, ' although many have been swept away, ? several still remain), the haunts of the wretched, the outcast, and the criminal, are \- most wonderfully and graphically portrayed. In this story Charles Dickens proved his power in the regions of the pathetic, to be equal to that which he exhibited in the comic. r~ ' Dombey and Son ' is also, to my vmind, a charming work. The cold, selfish, un scrupulous Dombey, the characters of Walter and Florence, and the death of little Paul— this last chapter, so deeply pathetic is, per ; haps, as .powerfully written as anything that ? ever emanated from his pen. The next work I Bhall notice, ' Nicholas Nickleby,' is replete with a greater variety of characters than those novels which preceded ? ? it. Dickens has shown in this tale the in humanity practised on unfortunate children consigned by their parents and guardians to the. oare of ignorant, miserly, and unfeeling ? schoolmasters (of which a vast number were =r:~^^-nBVjer -entitled to the name), and such vile specimens of their wives as Mrs. Squeers. iff. and Madame Mantalini are also cleverly drawn characters ; while old Ralph Nickleby and his treatment of his neice, Miss Nickleby, We regard with about the same feelings which ? are aroused in the breast by the portrayal of a consumate villain on the stage. In the ' Old Curiosity Shop,' our gifted author showed that he had not exhausted his talent for original and touching sketches of child-life. The character of 'Little Nell' ^ |jls almost without an equal as a personifica | |tion$)f childhood's affection and symplicity. His tales for the holidays and fire-side family meetings, ' The Christmas Carol,' 'The Chimes,' ' The Cricket on the Hearth,' ' The Battle of Life,' ' The Haunted Man,' and ' The Ghost's Bargain,' have all awak ened animation and merriment in thousands ? of happy homes. — :: ? r - t' Our Mutual- Friend ' is a cleverly. Written story, although not equal to others ? ? by the same novelist. It gives, however, a graphic description of the ways of those who live by the great river of London (the Thames), which yearly disburdens itself of hundreds of the bodies -of persons who are missing and cannot be accounted for— some by suicide, but a very large proportion by the hands of the assassin. J (The; ^character of the old wooden-legged 'Iblly- fceller engaged as an amanuensis, and _ _ to read to him ' The Rise and Fall,' by Mr. Bovvins, is perhaps, as amusing and true to nature as anything Dickens ever presented ; ? and in reading his life we find that the character was drawn from a living identity the novelist saw in the neighbourhood of Bloomsbury square. There are, of course, two or three more of the novelist's books which I have not men tioned from the fear of making this paper too lengthy, and perhaps too prosy : I will, ; therefore, only allude to another, and this Dickens himself acknowledged to be equal, and is. considered by some to be superior, to ? any. of his former works ; in fact, in his pre face, he calls it his pet child. I allude to ? ? ' Dayid Copperfield.' Mr. Dickens' deline ation of the character of Dora, his child wife, as he (David Copperfield) called her, is one or xne nnesx specimens of his creative genius. And the chapter containing the death of poor Dora is one of the most affect ing pieces of writing I have ever met with, and affects me even to tears myself. ? .. . In conclusion, I may just say that in all | IBfi^kens' works ^thero is the same playful humour, more or less displayed on the sur face, with occasional appeals to the emotional part of human nature, together with a back ? ground of earnest purpose— either the expo : aure of shams and abuses, the tearing away Of the hypocrite's garb, the condemnation of villainy and rascality, or th^' plea of com ^ - - xniseration on behalf of the poor,: the suffer ing, and the helpless. The total rainfall in Temt^a for 1884 was 16 inches 23 points, the gfeatest being for thejriontb of Juno, 406^points, and Novem ber 325 points. iTho -least was for Jaituarv, 7 points. '?????-'? ! ' ? V#'* r 