THE LAND OF THE GOLDEN FLEECE. ' I BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA., ? X.— MELBOURNE TO ADELAIDE. So farewell Melbourne the Marvellous, city of towering warehouses, Parliament House — the new one as yet unfinished — Law Courts, Free Libraries, a colossal Post-Office. jtitutes, Cathedrals, Churches and Chapel* innumerable, stately Government Offices* nultitudinous drinking bars— of which the sprightly barmaids are threatened with* extinction coder the clauses of Mr. Berry'd lew Licensing Bill. Farewell Melbourne, :ity of handsome, elegant, and w el '.-patronised heatres. 'At the Opera-house juBfc now hat approved actor, Mr. George Rignold, is, nth Miss Kate Bishop, delighting the liege» n' Called Back.' At the Theatre Royal ihe ever-green and always fascinating Mrv iion Boucicault is drawing crowded houses' lightly to see, now 'The Jilt,' now 'The-i shaughraun,' now 'Kerry'' and 'Arrah- , la-Pogue,' assieted by his son and daughter ; md a gifted young American actress^ disa Louisa Thorndyke. At the Byoti— -o not deceived by its name, the jrettily decorated house is as hi? as onr Saiety— Mieb Genevieve Ward and Mr. W. i I. Vernon are playing tt houses fall to epletion a farewell engagement, with ft ?epertoirc comprising Mr. Sydney Grondy's ?; 'Mammon,' and the never-to-be-forgotten 'Forget Me Not.' To the Wugget Theatre * mother class of the pleasure ? loving tfelbournians rush to see 'Oliver Twist' md 'The Streets of New York;' and it St. George's Hall enthusiastic crowds rather to witness the variety perfor nances of the 'Bed Stockings' Company n tbe ' Maldoon'a Picnic' The' Australians n general are deliriously fond of variety howB. They like opera-bouffe well enough. They will patronise a highly spiced oen tational melodrama of the 'World' or 'In he Ranks' type; but they dote on iircuses, and regard the buffooneries of & n'gger entertainment as sweet morsels to be oiled beneath the tongue. And Shakspeare I Weil, such tragedianR as Charles Kean- jnstavus V. Brooke, Barry Sullivan, Thomas -eawick,and Walter Montgomery—the effigy ( )f the last-named gentleman as Hamlet is to -e found in all the Australian waxwork ex libitions — have gathered both fame and noney in the Southern Hemisphere; but that ' s-as in days gone by. What the present generation of Australians ? would say to- Shakspeare without a star actor or aotres» )f the very first water in the leading characters I am sure that I do not know. Dn the other hand, thouBandB who knew not i word of Tuscan rushed to hear Ristori ; md thousands more unfamiliar even with the French of Stratford-atte-Bowe would rush to hear Sara Bernhardt. ? '? Farewell, then, Melbourne, oity of clubs bhat are solemn and clubs that are sprightly* ? but all overflowing with thoughtful courtesy md generoua hospitality all ready to be ex tended— from the puissant Melbourne Club, the resort of the proudest merchants and bankers and the most patrician squatters* bo the genial Yorick, the chosen haunt of bhe wits and scholars of Melbourne— to the wanderer from afar. - Farewell, cheery - and fraternal Masonio Club; farewell* 'Mutual Imps,' although circumstances ' over which I had no control prevented me from participating in your inno» cent diablerie; farewell to all the dootors* ind especially farewell to all thefirobding nagian Banks in Collins street. I cannot' help it. I have been mildly accused by friend* in this country of having 'Bank on the brain,' and Buch, perhaps, may be the ease. But, I repeat, I cannot help it. When you first; visit Venice do not the palaces on the Grand Canal take your breath away ? At Pisa are yon not continually haunted by the Leaning Tower? At Moscow is not the image of the Kremlin ever before you? In Australia' generally, and in Melbourne in particular, it is the Banks that haunt you, and subdue your sense to one absorbing feeling of wonder and reverence for the power of Mammon. The Bank of Australasia, a massive pile of the Doric order; the London Chartered Bank, in the Grreco-Italian atyle; the Bank of Victoria, the Bank of New South Wales, the Commercial Bank of Australia — how many more Banks there may be in Collins street I am incompetent to tell ; for these palaces of finance, now of marble, now of blueatone, now of Kangaroo Point atone, beset me on every side. Lombard-street, Lothbury, Kicg William street, London, E.CX —they must all hide their diminished heads before the Banks of CollinB-street, Melbourne.! The Colonna and tbe Orsini, the Franfii panni and the Savelli, the Doria and the Odescalchi, built no doubt very grand palaces at Rome. There are some very sumptuous palaces, too, at Florence and at Genoa ; but these big buildings do not mean money. The banking palaces of Melbourne do. They are somany cash castles. They smell of riches. As you pass it seemB as though you beard tbe fingering by deft tellers of the crisp bank notes within— a sound, to money- loving ears, more musicaVthan the rustling of Frou-frou'* robe of silk, till you remember that the oerti- : ficates of indebtedness, payable on demand, of the Australian Banks are not always crisp. Indeed they become, in the remote 'back blocks,' after much bandying toand fro among squatters, 'free ?selectors,'' drovers, publicans, and storekeepers, very soft, greasy, and dirty indeed. But they are always sweet to look upon. Farewell' notes of the Brobdingnagian Melbourne - Banks. I must not, in worldly wisdom, take ?. any of yon to Adelaide ; for in the neighbour ing colony of South Australia the paper currency of Victoria and other colonies can only be cashed subject to a discount . of Bixpence in the pound. I shall find another Customhouse, too, at Adelaide* another tariff, and another pontage stamp— and the Federation Enabling Bill has just ? passed through the Imperial Parliaments I wonder how many ?wiseacreB there are at = home who are cherishing the illusion that the Australian Colonies intend, in red-hot haste, to federate thoroughly and effectively, as the United States have federated. Mean while, farewell Melbourne — until, at least* I return to survey thy marvels again, In cluding tby big butchers' shops, thy brilliant ? suburbs, thy crowded omnibuses, thy splendid Botanical Gardens, thy remarkable ?? Waxworks, and Mr. Cole's book arcade !n . Bourke-street. A big steamer awaits me at - the wharf, and 1 am bound for Adelaide. The passage from Melbourne to the sea is ? —I am afraid to the chuckling delight of the ? worthy people of Sydney— neither facile nor dignified. It might not bo so very ? calumnious to call the waterway from the astounding metropolis of Victoria to Wil liamstown 'right mean.' That is ah.*. American locution, but it is expreS dve, with tolerable terseness, of the general aspect of the River Yarra Yarra. Did not Richard Cobdon once place on contemptuous record the fact that' he. bad cleared, at a Bingle bound, one of'tne most famous of the classical rivers of Attica?' I ahoilld say that an old man kangaroo of ordinary capacity might be warranted to clear the Yarra Yarra, at Melbourne, in a couple of hops. But what the stream lacks in breadth' it makes up for in depth, for the steamer which is to convey me to the fair City of Ade laide is a mighty chip, and she with craft as huge come right up to Melbourne wharf. On the other hand, the immense steam galleons of the Peuinaular and Oriental, the Orient, and the French Messageries Mari times lines come no nearer Melbourne than' Williamstown, which is at the south point of the estuary of the Yarra, on the Boufchwest shore of Hobsop's Bay, and distant some eight miles from Melbourne, with which1 it is connected by railway. Opposite Wil liamstown, on the other side of the bay,, is Sacdridge, now called Port Mel bourne, which is only two miles and o half by rail from the city. The Sydney people, justifiably proud of their enchanting; harbour, do not fail to rub their handB with glee— figuratively speaking— when they recall the exiguity of the Yarra ; while the peaceful inhabitants of the smiling ehores of Corio Bay, the extensive west arm of Port Phillip, are never tired of teHing you that, if all towns had their rights and justice were done where justice was due, the metropolis of Victoria would not be at Melbourne at all, , but at Geelosg. I have been to Geeloog* and like Ik muclu Including ita outlying suburbs, it may have at the present time a population of twenty thousand. It will have a popula tion of fifty or a hundred thousand some of these days — say when ita local manufactures have been fully developed, when the Transcon tinental Railway is built, and coolie labour, or some other labour, is brought iu So reader fruitful the almost unparalleled resources of tbja|vast and, comparatively speaking, un inhabited continent. Then there will be plenty of mechanics and labourers and domestic servants obtainable for moderate wages. Then good cooks will abound, and your wealthy friends will be able to ask you to dinner at their own houses ; then there will ba i a little less cricket and football, a little less racing and rowing, and a little more culture of art and letters; and then there will be the millennium, and the Banks will all gratify their shareholders with a dividend of a thousand per cent, per annum. Alnaschar, itinerant dealer in glass and crockeryware, yon are dreaming again over your basket. ButGeelong-, on. the pleasant shores of Corio Say, is certainly somewhat of a dreamy place. . . .' . ??? ' ?'.:?? ?- -:-::: ',::-.,; yJ. ?. The steamer Adelaide ia a noble vessel, well built— at Glasgow— and, of course, one may almost - say, * well manned, well found, and well appointed in every way. In Captain fjockyer she has a gallant and efficient com mander. Likewise are her saloons and stater rooms illuminated by. the electric light. . The Adelaide is also excellently well ventilated, and her 'tween-decks must be in summer time deliciously cooL 'The dining-saloon is far down_below, with.' a lofty coved glazed ceiling, and here in the scorching 'months of January and February the atmosphere must be so delightfully, tempered as to render punkahs and wind- sails all but unnecessary accessories to ventilation. Yes ; her saloon, prettily painted, and decorated with panels of fancy woods, curiously inlaid and bril liantly polished, with her airy little smoking room, with its tesselated flooring, displaying the motto 'Advance Australia,' and the antipodean heraldic devices of the emu,' the kangaroo, and the golden fleece — we ahall have an Australian King of Arms some of these days, and 'Toison Roy' should be his title!— with her weli-fitted bath rooms, her pianoforte, and the canaries warbling in their cages high up in the cove above the saloon-table — the Adelaide is altogether a summer ship, and a delightful one in which to spend the forty hours or so in. which, when the weather is fair, the sea trip from Melbourne to Adelaide should be accomplished. But the railway between the capitals of Victoria and South Australia is being actively pushed forward ; and ere long, it is to be hoped, there will be uninterrupted railway . communication -between1 Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney, and ultimately Bris bane and Northern Queensland. At present it can scarcely fail, to Btrike the traveller from home that, ludicrously ignorant as vast numbers of Epgl'ah people are of things Australian, the colonists themselves do not know nearly so much about one another as they should do. They are too far apart socially speaking. They have too few in terests in common — at least they erroneously imagine that they have too few. The great Australian newspapers publish daily a few snappy telegraphic items of intelligence, and a Melbourne journal has its periodical Ade laide letter, a Sydney paper its periodical Brisbane one, and a Hobart paper its Sydnej or Melbourne one, and w'ce versa all round; and still, save at the Clubs and at the Mechanics' Institutes and Schools of Arts Libraries, there seems to be only a very slight exchange of intercolonial journalism, and the politics, the social economy, the literary and artistic progress of one colons appear to excite only a very languid amount of interest in the others. I can well remem ber when a similar condition of apathetic indifference among sister colonies existed in the British possessions in Nortfc America. Montreal knew nothing, or pro fpHspd tn know nnthiner. about Quebec : whilf Toronto expressed profound contempt for the 'two French towns,' as the go- ahead western city disdainfully dubbed the capitals of Lower Canada. As for Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince Edward Ialand, the Canadians were socially and politically unani mous in agreeing that the colonies inhabited by the 'Blue Noses' were not worth talking about, or thinking about, at alL I was in Canada when the scheme of federation wa3 being hctly and acrimo niously discussed, and in many instances held up in unmeasured terms to obloquy and ridicule as a wholly impracticable and illusory idea. Yet the Dominion of Canada has been for a considerable number of years an accomplished fact. Of whether that magni ficent federation is a success or the contrary the Canadians should be the best judges. As for Australian federation; the plan for making it a reality is as yet in a very shadowy and nebulous condition. When it is to come and in what form— its latest phase of discus sion being a 'chippy,' half-querulous corre spondence between Mr. Service, the Premier of Victoria, and Sir Alexander Stuart, the Premier of New South Wales— how am I, a stranger and a novice in the land, to tell? The gentlemen who live at home at ease in England, who have never visited the Aus tralianColonies, or, having visited them, have merely scampered through the land, sojourn ing, it may be, just forty hours in one capital and thirty hours in another, have quite made up their minds on the subject of federation, Imperial and intercolonial. I can only vouch for the things which I have seen, and argue from experience of other lands. In unfede rated Australia there seems to be too wide a gulf between each colony. Thsy are all justi fiably proud of their relations to England; but they are not, so it strikes me, sufficiently proud of their relations to each other. Be yond the droll jealousy which is said to exist between the two magnificent cities of Sydney and Melbourne— the New South Welshmen declare that it is the Melbournians who are jealous of Sydney, while the Victorians as vehemently assert that it is the New South Welshmen who are. jealous of Melbourne there would not appear to be the slightest reason for any rivalry, save one of the most amicable nature among this beauteous band of colonial sisters. But that such a rivalry —taking, as it very frequently does, the f or mof cross grained disparagement— does to a cer tain degree exist in the Australian Colonies seems to me palpable. Still one need not be a fanatical believer in nostrums, poli tical, social, and otherwise. Federation may not prove a 'cure all.' Federate! Columbia is not exempt from inter .State and inter-civic rivalries of the dis paraging kind. Chronic jealousy, quite. aa comical as that which is said to exist — mind I do not say that it does exist— between Sydney and Melbourne, has long prevailed between Boston and New York and between Chicago and St. Louis; while, complacently impartial, California derides the whole of the .communities on the other side of the Rocky .Mountains as '' those eastern folk.' It is the way of the world and of human nature. . Perhaps Bath does not think so much oi Cheltenham, or -Scarborough of either. Edinburgh may love Glasgow only as a step sister, and Liverpool may secretly think Manchester a vastly overrated town. The rivalry between Dover and Folkestone is as old as the Saxon Heptarchy, and many cen turies have passed since the people ot Dover have claimed intellectual supremacy, hotly contested by their rivals, over the people ol Folkestone. The chum in question does noi appear to have any {basis more substantial .than the tradition that the body of a drowned man was, once upon a time, washed on shore between Dover and Folkestone. On one ol the fingers of the corpse there was a diamonc ring. 'Run for a. knife!' cried the Dovei people. The simple- minded Folkestoniani . ran for a knife, but ere they returned thi ?astute Doverians had bitten -off the deac man's finger, diamond ring and all. Shoult ?a. similarly grim contingency arise on th Pacific shore, I wonder whether Sydney o: Melbourne would get the best of it. ? Among the things which the Wise Man o old declared to be utterly incomprehensibl to him was the way of a ship on the sea. Th way of a big steamer working her wiy do*; the winding course of the Yarra Yarra int Hobson's Bay is to the untechnical min equally inscrutable, A snakier stream I neve eaw. It turns and turns, it wriggles an twists in seemingly endless sinuosity. It he been said in ihumoroua paradox ths that famous ©sample oi engineering, tt ''corgBcrew11 riUway' through the Simmer ing Pass between Vienna and Trieste is the only railway in Europe on which a passenger can see — bo con tinuously does the train twist and twirl — the nape of his own neck. The 'zig- zag' lines iu the mountain ranges of New South Wales are also sufficiently astounding in their aberrations from rectitude, but surely the crookedest line, so far as a water way is concerned, ia that of the Yarra. It has been most discourteously and calumniously styled by those who ought to know better a dirty ditch. It is not one ; it is a very river, and it keeps itself as clean as it can. In the direction of cleanliness, circum3tance3 over which it has no control incapacitate the Yarra from doing much. Even aa things stand at present, vessels drawing 15| feet of water can get up to the Melbourne wharfs at ordinary tides and 16 feet at high tide, and this depth is to be augmented1. Within the last eight years the depth has been increased more than 2 feet, and ere long the Berpentine course of the Yarra may be obviated by the construction of a can?l to Sandridge. The deepening of the entire channel would only co3t between a million and a million and a half sterling— a mere fleabite for Marvelous Melbourne. Pendinsr the cutting of the canal or the widening and further deepening of the Yarra Yarra, the noble steamer Adelaide crept and crawled along her tortuous course as though, like James IL, she had an incurable propensity for. dark and crooked ways. Ever and anon there seemed the highest probability of her plunging her stem into this or that bank of the rivsr. Over and over again the prospect of her sticking in the mud became imminent, but 8he passed through all her ordeals trium phantly. I am growing case-hardened in the matter of ascending and descending Aus tralian rivers. You follow the course of a nobly broad stream up to Brisbane, and of a tolerably spacious waterway, the Fitzroy River, to Rockhampton in Queensland;; but I have had sote travail in getting up andidown the River Mary— prettiest of names !— to Maryborough. There more than once our steamer has literally stuck in the mud, and we have had to wait till the next tide to get off again. The brave Adelaide, skilfully conned, stuck not in any mud. Grandly did Bhe shave Fisherman's Bend and emerge into the open of Hobson's Bay, and so, leaving the wharfs and warehouses and the forests of masts behind her, bid adieu to Sandridge and Williamstown, and begin, like a thing of life, to walk the waters of the Pacific Ocean. That is to say, at about half -past 4 in the afternoon— we had left the wharf at Mel bourne soon after 3 — we began to roll con sumedly. Not so severely, however, as we were destined to roll on our return, for the Adelaide, outward bound, had a large cargo, and was deep in the water. On the return trip Bhe brought home only a very small cargo, and rolled incessantly. Well, it ia better perhaps to roll than to pitch, and better for a ship to do both than to be wrecked. Whatever may be the state of the weather there is ia the calmly constituted mind happily Bituated in a body not subject to sea sickness a condition of feeling which very often borders upon unmingled felicity. No newspapers, save, perchance, on a long ocean voyage* the little gossiping gazette printed onboard, and in which you may pen with impunity— should you be privileged to contri bute to it— the merest rubbish. No post, and consequently no letters. Oh, the joy of nobody writing to you ! The faculty of being lazy without exposing yourself to lebuke for your indolence, for all your fellow-passengers are as lazy as you are. All these things you should be grateful for on the free and unconfined ocean; but both sea and land have for me another and the strangest of attractions — a charm almost — in Australia. There comes over you from time to time, suddenly, involuntarily — now on shipboard, now in a railway train, now in the weird and ghastly bush and the jungle-like mallee scrub — now in a weatnerDoara snanty, and now in a Cobb's - coach — now 'in a cosy club smoking-room or a brilliantly lit theatre— the illusion that yon are Dead, that you have had. at least a foretaste . of death, without its bitterness. Were you alone on a desert island the feeling might be of a different nature. You would be only alone, and nothing more. But here, in this newest of new worlds, in these crowded cities, or in these wilds full of skeleton trees, you are impressed somehow or another with the conviction that you have done for good and all with the world in which you used to dwell, and with the life which you once led. You seem to be conversing all day long with ghosts. They may be friendly ghosts, affable ghosts, hospitable ghosts; but they all seem to have abandoned their cor poreal existence, as . you were conver sant with it, a very long time ago. The dead, past seems to be all at once revived, but in a fugitive, shadowy, ephe meral manner. One day a very ancient lady, stately in black satin and lace, call3 on {you and tells you that she used to dandle you in her arms when you were a baby fif ty-Bix years ago. On the morrow a very old gentleman pays you a visit. He describes a namesake of yours with whom he was acquainted in Lon don in the year 1822; and mentally compar ing the description with a certain miniature which you have at home, 13,000 miles away, you arrive at the conclusion that your name sake fras your own father, who died in the year 1828, and whom you never saw. But the old lady and the old gentleman never come again. Disembodied spirits, clearly. A reverend gentleman drops in. He was a Grecian at Christ's Hospital when a dear brotherof yours, who has been dead close upon thirty years, was in ' Great Erasmus.' Were you or another brotherof yours a fellow-clerk of a Stipendiary Magistrate who accosts you— a fellow-clerk in the office of the Tithes Commissioners in Somerset-place in the year 1839 ? You must remember, the Magistrate adds, Mr. George Routledge was a clerk in the same Government office. Then the Stipendiary Magistrate vanishes into thin air. You will never see him again. Here ia the polite landlord of an hotel up country in New South Wales. He played clown in the very first pantomime that you'll remember having seen, and is laudably proud of still keeping up bis annual subscription to the Royal General Theatrical Fund. You shake hands with him after having answered all his questions touching the phenomenal popularity of Henry Irviog and Ellen Terry —and you will never see him again. All ghosts ; that is, they come like shadows and bo depart. There is, I have heard, a social body of bibliopoles in London of whom Mr. Bernhard Quaritch or Mr. Wyman may be aware, and who are called 'The Odd Volumes.' Australia is the country where you fall across the odd volumes of humanity. Boybody's brother. Everybody's nephew. The sweethearts whom you have talked so much pleasant noDsense to, now grown to be austere dames and grandmothers. The scapegraces and ne'er-do-weels whom you thought must have died at least a generation since have become persons in authority — po- tent, grave, and reverend seignors. But surely they cannot be alive. Surely you are dead, and these are but phantoms. But you awake from the illusion when you find yourself anxiously consulting the shipping advertisements in the newspapers to make sure of the day when the Orient steampship Potosi will leave Williamstown for London, or when the P. and 0. steamship Valetta will arrive out from home, both noble vesseh carrying Her Majesty's mails; you are pleasantly^ con vinced that you live when you read in the telegraphic intelligence of the Argus or the Sydney Morning JSerald that Consols in London have risen to £99|. Excelsior ! as to Consols. Kesurgam ! as to yourself. Aus tralia is no shadowy land with Necropolis for ita capital. It is a country full of man and maid— teeming with very live flesh-and-blood folk. It is only you who havo grown old, and who, in your time, have known ao manj sorts and conditions of people. So the wild waves of the Pacific— the sej ' was at first somewhat ferocious, but it calmec down by noon on the morrow — bore me fron ; the harbour's mouth to find a warmer sky I But I did not exult in the thought that er- i I died 1 should see ' the palm3 and temple; of the south.' These palms and temples : r have been permitted to see over and ove: L again. Life is tolerable without eithe: i palms or temples. But I am very anxious b t visit South Australia, the more so for th j reason that many persons at Melbourne iave amicably counselled me to abstain irom risiting South Australia just at present. Glreat depression prevails there, I have been gravely informed. There. is absolutely no money in Adelaide I have learned from at Least half a dozen trustworthy sources. We ahall see. What is money, after all, but so much 'bullion dross?' So while the noble steamship Adelaide ploughs her forty hours' way through the rolling main, I read upa little about the land to which I am bound in the admirably compendious and in many respects invaluable ' Australian Handbook,' published by Messrs. Gordon & Gotch. I shall see Adelaide, Mount Lofty, Mount Barker, Glenelg, Gawler, Kapunda, and Port Augusta, haply. But am I des tined, I wonder, to behold Humbug Scrub, in the Hundred of Parra Wirra, and the electorate of Gumeracha. Thanks, Gor don & Gotch, for Humbug Scrub. It is only 25 miles north-east of Adelaide, and it has gold and copper mines. Where are ye now, Woolloomooloo, and Vegetable Creek, and Dirty Mary's Gully ? Ye little people of the skies of Australian nomenclature, what are you when the sun of Humbug Scrub, in the Hundred of Parra Wirra, and the electorate of Gumeracha. shall arise ? 