m iSst Tfiglit*s Mgetiiig. (By OSe ot the Geowd.) No small excitement was caused by the meeting, held hurt night, at the Town Hall, anent the New Guinea question, and the Imperial policy in regard thereto. There was a great crowd of people, and it was tolerably evident that the attraction was an ex pectation of some fun, and .of hearing a speech from Sir Henry Parkes. - In neither respect was this expectation disappointed, for from first to last the meeting was a ludicrous fiasco, Mr. Playfair, the Mayor, took the chair about 8 o'clock, and was surrounded by the moving spirits of the affair, in cluding Mr. Thomas Walker, the well-known trance medium, who on this occasion appeared to be possessed not by the ghost of Stewart or any other of that ilk, but by the spirit of mischief. A little further off was Mr. David Buchanan, and then the Kev. Geo. Sutherland, both of whom looked as_ if they had something1 important to eay; again, there was the inevitable Mr. Abigail, -who afterwards unfortunately took to himself the credit of . assisting in the meeting. There was a practical man, the' Ber. George Brown, -who alone seemed to know -what he was talking about; there_ was General Maclver, who had a grievance to ventilate ; there was Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan ; and there was Mr. J. C. Neild, who ' certainly .deserved no better fate than what may be vulgarly described as the *' upsetting of thewhole apple cart,' -which ae had so industriously assisted to fill. There is always a sort of pause before the appearance of the leading personage in a drama, while that eminent individual is cooling -ii« heels in the 'wings,' -waiting for 'his 'cue.' Accordingly when everything was ready in solemnly stalked Sir Henry Parkes, who of course was re ceived with rounds of applause. As without the leading character the play of ' Hamlot ' would have lost its great attraction, the cheers were most appro priate ; for the distinguished statesman reminded one so painfully of the ghost of Hamlet's father. His own portrait was, possibly by chance, allowed to remain on the wall of the room immediately behind him, It was painted when he was in the zenith of liis power ; and if any one, looking ' on that picture and on this,' was struck ?with the difference in the situation, the blame rests with those who forced the comcarison. The proceedings having been formally opened, Mr. Neild moved his great resolution in favour of the claims of Australia to New Guinea. He had evidently prepared himself carefullyfor the occasion; and as a proof of his care started away at once into an attack upon Mr. Dalley and the Stuart Ministry,, whence the transition to the abuse of Earl Derby was easy and natural. A few flowery sentences con cluded the oration, and roars of applause followed — almost enough to tempt Mr. NeUd to repeat his speech. He might at least have bowed his thanks, for as it happened he' was the only speaker, except the Eev. Mr. Brown and General Maclver, who got anything like a fair hearing throughout the evening. Mr. Abigail seconded the proposition, and, as might be expected, threw very little light on the question. And a Mr. Swinney and his audi ence mixed a speech between them, a sort of solo and chorus, but very much chorus — a performance which thenceforward characterised the rest of the proceed ings. Mr. Thos. Walker now moved an amendment which nobody in the room, not even the patient re porters, could understand. It sufficed that it was an amendment, and its purport was of little conse quence. He commenced to speak amid great interruption and much hostility, possibly because the spiritual forces were not quite ready for such a sudden emergency. But, by degrees, although no two consecutive sentences wore audible or intel ligible, it was quite evident that Mr. Walker had succeeded in disorganising the whole proceedings. The Mayor looked very black. He saw that every thing was going wrong, and was personally convinced that if it went much further he should lose his temper. At this juncture, in order to make matters worse, Mr. David Buchanan bunt forth with his perpetual motion for sundering all ties between Australia and the mother country. This was rather too much for human patience, and the chairman re fused to entertain a proposition whichhe declared to be treasonable, and shut out Mr. Walker's amend ment as not being seconded. All that was left was Mr. Neild' s motion; and to the utter disgust of the promoters of the meeting this was negatived. The Mayor could not believe his eyes. There must be something wron£, for such a vote was in defiance of all recorded precedents. He tried it again, and the result was still more emphatic. The looks which the Eev. Geo. Sutherland cast upon Mr. Walker during these proceedings were well worth study. At this stage it would have been just as well to wind-up the business of the meeting, as the principal motion, had come to such unmitigated grief; but the great gun of the evening was to be heard, and it would never do to lose half, and it was hoped the best half of the performance. Unfortunately, again, the great gun hung fire most wofully. The powder had got damp, or the charge had not been rammed homo. At best the discharge would have been but blank cartridge, but even this was a failure. It would bo doing Sir Henry Paxkes great injustice to imagine that he did not know what a dismal business the whole affair had become. Nobody in the world but an Irishman could have made a cheerful speech under the circumstances. The crowd listened with' the hope that something good was coining, but nothing came, and it was evi dent from Sir Henry's expression that nothing was to be expected in that direction. When he sat down both speaker and hearers felt that they had mutually suffered enough, and Sir Henry Parkes shortly after left the room. Then came what was really the speech of the evening. The ' Eev. George Brown spoke practically from his actual knowledge, and in a manly, sensible manner. The gist of his remarks was that if Germany meant real colonisation in the . Pacific she would be -welcome, but all that was intended by her was unfair trading. Mr. Brown's remarks ought to have been made earlier, because by this time people were getting tired, and the ' Why and wherefore they had come seemed intricate to some.' Probably not a dozen in the room knew exactly what the state of affairs actually was. General Maclver then made a speech proving that he knew all about the German business seven years ago, and complaining- that he had had nothing but abuse for disclosing Bismarck's policy. He wag followed by Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan, who proposed, in consequence of the failure of the first resolution, to withdraw his intended censure of the Imperial Government. True to the first blunder the meeting refused to have this at any price, and so Earl Derby stands censured accordingly. The confusion was now nearly complete, but in order to make it conclusive the 'Sev. Geo. Sutherland made an impassioned exhortation to the effect that the Governor should convey the foregoing resolutions to the Secretary of State. As nobody knew what they were, and there was no one to tell them, the voting pro and con was all confused. As at hist an idea was . obtained that after what had happened the motion was simply nonsense, and it was negatived by a large majority. The result appeared differently to the Mayor, upon which there was a squabble, in which everybody talked at once. .In the general uproar, somebody moved a vote of thanks to the Mayor, which, was car ried by the mover and seconder, who alone heard the proposition; and the proceedings terminated with hearty cheers for the Queen — the only unanimous response of the evening,} ? 