(CONTINUeD.) By the aid of one of thediscarded lanterns, she fled up the secret stepe, pausing to close and fasten the trapldoorbehind her i and as she stooped to do se, her light fell upon a dark, rigid mw lying prone at her very feet. Then, for the first time that trying night, control failed her ; and, with a cry she could not stile, she sank on her knees beside the molionless, prostrate bgre, his life.blood bathblg her hbaa4, ae, with stength born of desperation, she term ad cut open his gar meets, trying a beat she might to staunch and bind up thatgaptgr wound. Each moment's delay might mean death a yet she stopped to gather together the cloak and cap, wrapping them around the betray. tog lamp, and burying all securely beneath stones and earth ere hastening for the help she must risk all to bring. The master of Carthorn Hatl was borne to his own home, unconscious alike of doctor's grave looks or servants' wondering chatter ; and his sister went into hysterics, as such feeble women do go into on occasions when calmness means life t and,Florence Maldon alone, quiet and self-repressed, gare the doctors needed assistnce, or carried out their directions, watching, waiting, praying, it not for life, for conseciousonss. She was alane by the bedside when reason returned ; when the dark eyes looked clearly into hers, and the faint tones murmured, toin such infinite yearning teuder. ness, " My dearest I" " Arnold I" And for ene instant gasping sobs choked her utterance, and hanok her frame. It netele effort alimt beyond her strength to regain the mastery. " There is not much time to spare. May I say a few words to you now 1" She buried her face In his outstretched hand, and moaned, " Oh ; is this the end ?" "The end of a life's mistake," he said, slowly. And she walled in her pain un bearable, "Oh I why did you run into such danger auch crime ?" " It is a long tale, Florence, and an old one," trying to strengthen,the low, dreamy voice. " My uncle plied the same hazardous trade-gained by it the wealth I fancy this night has pretty well lost me." A pause for breath, then slowly on, " Ill-gotten gains bring their curse, they say I but of this bosiness eprang the fital quarrel between my uncle and his only son. Harold would have none of it ; I-well,the danger and ex. citement rather suited me t the enormous profits better still. Others were in the busi. ness, of course-bound to be-for the cheating has been systematic and wholesale, and landing the cargo but the first rlek run. Conveyed through secres passages -received by secret-" Then he broke off abruptly. "No ned to tell beyond my own share. All others, I think, escaped in safety n for I only got my shot after pushing from shore the last boat, as I turned to gain the stair." ie stopped again in his laboared breathing, but as his companion neither moved nor spoke, be made an effort to raise himself sad see her face. "Yet a little more confeselon, Florence. I stepped unjustly into my cousin's inheritance believing him dead, mark you, I took no pains to know the, or to discover if he might have children, for no one out cf the secrect could be allowed to live so near. No house but this would have suited my purpose. I am not going to be moan my deserved fate I well do I merit what I have got I yet before I tell you more, give me one word" (and his hitherto calm voice faltered now)-" one word of love or forgIreness now." Still no sound, yel she pressed her soft cheek close to the hand he held, and he turned away his eyes from the lovely drooping face as he uttered, " Another's life has beep ..acrifcead by my sln." " Whose !" She whispered the question beneath her breath, and again he made that painful in effectual effort to tarn more fully towards her. " HUi whose relationship to you I caneot, will not guess. I naw you together the night he met his death-passed you unseen in the dark ruins on my way to personate the abbey ghost (we found it well from time to time to keep that superstition afloat); and as I joined the work going on below, I was in mood to court rather than shrink from death, but instead of mine it was his I" The faint, diff?ult speech paused again, but the girl, on her knees,muttered hoarsely, "O on." " lie (young tarthorn, as he called him self-with what right ?-well no matter, the day has gone by for that) asw the p-. parition, I suppose, and determineod to solve its mystery I but he stumblhed upon that open trap-door, and descending the stairs, surprised the men at their- work in the vaults. lie must have taken in the truth at a glance, and sprang forward in brave and fatal imprrdence. The men's lives were at stake-desperate, hardened fellows for the most part. One rapid snatch at and touch of a pistol, and the intruder was shot through the heart. The man who fired was stooping over the body as I entered-" "You were not there You. did not see him die ? You were not near the snot ?" she interrupted, wildly, her eager, questioning eyes fined devoorlngly on his. And he answered wonderigly, "I was coming down thebs upper stairs as 1 heard the shot and cry, and hurried in ailrm, but too late to prevent the:mischief. The man I looked upon as my rival lay dead before me. Will yeou believe, Florence, that my thankfulness was not for his death, but that mine wis not the iansd thoteaursd it, Still no word or esign, alld he w?ut on sadly, and yet fainter, "The body could only hlie disposel of in one way -carried ount Sto sea and given to' the waters. Floracne" (in vsudden decpniring encrry), "it yol Iannot fortrive me, answer nle, in imercy, truly-what ewas that mnan to you I" Slhe rose fremn Iler knees, nlld bendling over thie lillows, twited oth l her arms co!os round Ile ntck, presilng her Illps again ad anligli to hini,, sliwerinie frvenlr , he rt tlt hkislene on brows, nldi eyes, nll holir. i" ll wian my brolther, Arnold," said the trembllig, lovilng voluu; " mny brotellr; for whose sake I have acted such deceit tnld treachery, as I do not deserve that you should ever forgive. Anl, h, can you ever -ever pardon .the wrong my thoeghts have dose you ?' When, later, the re ae.facel d.,ctor re entered the room, be guardedly and care fully to Florence prooounca 'the case not absolutely hopeless. Not hopeless, though painful and long, for Arnold (?rtborn rose again, strong man as before -rose to meet another punishiment than death. Suspieiou and doubt h;d been busy with his fair name daring his illness, anl though absolete proof was perhaps wanting, conjecture was sure. Never again could he hold up his head in the neighbour hood where, throughout his life, he he carried it so loftily. No long.r coull be sasy In the proud hobae for whose sake he had broken his country's laws. It was penalty more bitter, more crushing, than any the outraged law might have insictol, sod yet deeper the measure of his deso. lation, for, with all else that male life worth having, be must bid farewell to his love. Never should the girl who would havetso brilliantly adorned the poettion no longer his be dragged into his broken for. tunes, his blighted name. eo he raesoned with himself, so to told Florence Carthors. Then she, like the true true woman she wasu, knelt by his side in her sweet, fair beauty, and gave him herself. " I can love you, cling to you onw, Arnold, as I could never have dared to do before. If I mar not accompany you, I will follo- to the world's end if needful. So that we are together, what matter where ?" I. It., In Bow BetIi. 