CHAPTER XIII.—Jfrs. Prtcdy's young Lodsftr. The door of the kitchen opened outwards into the passage, and the man, turning the handle with his right hand, stood upon the threshold with his left. raised and resting, for support, upon the framework. In Mrs. Preedy's imagination, the concealed hand held the deadly weapon with which she was to be murdered. There was, however, no thing very murderous in the intruder's face, and when he advanced a step and his arms fell peaceably by his sides, Mrs. Preedy saw, with a sigh of relief, that his hands were empty. This sigh of relief was accompanied by a recognition of the man, in whom she beheld a lodger named Richard Manx, who had been her tenant for exactly three weeks, and was exactly three weeks in arrear of his rent. Mrs. Preedy called him her young man lodger. He was probably younger than he looked, for his complexion was dark and his black hair was thick and long. Iiis eyes were singularly bright, and' had a cat-like glare in them—so that one might be forgiven the fancy that, like a cat's, they would shine in the dark. He spoke with a slightly foreign accent, and his mode of expression may be described as various, affording no clue to his nationality. Mrs. Preedy was reassurred. The fright ful impressions produced by her dream died away, and the instincts of the professional landlady asserted themselves. ' My young lodger has come to pay his rent,' was her first thought, and a gracious and stereotyped smile appeared on her lips. The sweet illusion swiftly vanished, and her second thought was, ' He is drunk.' This, also, did not hold its ground, and Mrs. Preedy then (practically ; summed' up. the • case.: ' He has come to beg—a candle, a piece of bred, a lump of soap—somethink he is in want of. and ain't got money to pay for. And his excuse is that he is a foringer, or that all the shops are shut. I don't believe he's got a penny in his pocket. You don't deceive me, young man; I wasn't born yesterday!' ■ ' Mrs. Preedy glanced towards the clock, and her glance was arrested on its way by the weather indicator, with the old wooden farmer in full view., Grotesque and improbable as were tile' fancies in which he had Dlayed a tragic .part, Mrs., Preedy could not: resist the temptation of ascertain ing with her own eyes whether,, the young wooden Svoman, whom:she.dreamt he haa< murdered, was in existence; and she rose and pushed the old farmer into his bower. Out sailed the young woman, with her vacant face and silly leer, as natural as life, and an'impetus.'having been;'given, to. ;thfe machine'rj', 'she and'her'male companion, who had lived under the satae roof for years, and yet were absolute, .strangers to' 5each' other (a striking illustration of English manners), swung in and out, in and out, predicting fair weather foul weather, fair weather foul weather, with the most reckless indifference, of consequences. 'In truth, without reference to the mendacious prophets, the weather "gave every indication of being presently very foul indeed. Thunder was in the air ; the wind was sobbing in the square, and a few heavy, drops, (of rain had fallen with thuds upon roof and pave ment. The, hands of the clock pointed to twelve. ' A nice time," thought' Mrs. Preedy; '<to come creeping downstairs into my kitchen 1 I never did. like them foringers 1 But I'd give anythink to get my 'ouse full---whether the lodgers paid or not for a week'or two. Did the young man expect to find me out,' or asleep? Is there'anythink goin' on atwtjen 'im and Becky ?' This dark suspicion recommended itself to her mind, aud she readily gave it admit tance. It is to be feared that Mrs. Preedy's experiences had not led her to a charitable opinion to niaids-of-all-work. Becky, as Mrs. Preedy called her servant, was a new girl, and had been in her service for nearly a month. Mrs. Preedy had been, agreeably disappointed in the girl, whom she did not expect to:stay in the .house aweek. - Since the murder at'SNo.? J19.' she had toad eight' different servants,, not one of whom stayed for longer • than: a few,, days-—two had run away on the second day, declaring that the ghost of the murdered 'man had appeared to them on the first night, and they wpuldn^t sleep another in such a place for ! untold gold.' But Becky remained. ' Is there anythink goin' on atween- Mm and Becky ?, was -Mrs; Preedy's thought," as she looked at thexlock^^ry^ J0 Richard Manx's eyes, followed hers. , 1 It is—a^-what you '; call - wrong,' , hb muttered. •Very wrong,' said. Mrs. .Preedy,: aloud, under the impression that he had unwittingly answered her thought, ' and ypu .ought to. be ashamed of yourself. You may,do >v,hat you like in your own country, but I don't allow such goings 011 in my 'ousc;'.' • I was—a—thinking of your watch-clock,' said Richard Manx. * It is not—a—right. Five, ten, fifteen minutes are past, and I counted twelve by the church bells. Mid night, that is it—twelve of the clock.' ' It's time for all decent people to be abed and asleep,' remarked Mrs. Preedy. | ' In bed—ah !—but in sleep—that is not the same thing. You are not so.' ' I've got my business to look after,' re torted Mrs. Preedy. ' I suppose you 'aven't come to pay your rent ?' 'To pay? Ah, money! It is what you call it, tight. No, I have not come money to pay.' ' And 'ow am I to' pay my rent, I should like to know, if you don't pay your's ? Can you tell me that, young man ?' ' I cannot'—a—tell you. I am not a weezard." Although Mrs. Preedy had fully regained her courage she could not think of a fitting rejoinder to this remark ; so for a moment she held her tongue. To IMC CoN'J'IXUKJJ. 