A bad under-pinning often makes much havoc with large structures and small babies. A sociable man is one who, when he has tenminutes to..pare, goes and bothers o_ b y who has"t. t is6id ' b, Iii ar "Al eke on ppt { ether ? 1in "atching the -lmaide may 9s he a adnd laugli at the idea of marriage, bir'in that very laugh She goes, "He I he I he I" Some one has written a work o Hoto ff5 a"Td." Ii· nlli~es us the s way'to grow old is not to die young. "He that loves noise must buy a pig," says will answer juglwsfale e;,A, The latest invention is a clasp to fasten the bedclothes to (t1t .btldstead, and keep restless husbandsafrom j' kicking;the kiver off" their spo pses. 'c4..t' , ... Don't t tii~ g'cannotg intb' society. ,The oyster is often prAsdfit at a supper when he would:pprliapsp? tber bd,,at h6ome ift4 his bed. , ,It is a great misfortune not 'tohaveanmindi, lenougifi to talkwell,mor ugment enoughjto Apollo was heldito be the god of physic and sender of diseases... Both: were; originally,, of the s'e itra;e, aniid still continue. "My smoking days are over," as the fac tory chimney remarked when 'it was con demned as injuridus to public health. He :va.&going; down town yesterday, wvith, two dozen eggs in a paper bag; when the bot- . tom fell out. However, with a little paste the bag can be made hs good as ever. One evening, at a social gathering, a young ladyi plAyed a:piece of music consisting~1'ol twenty-four :pages-. -The press man,' in' red-.L ferring Ito dt next day, said : ",They were favoredwith music by the quire.": n., ,a..! s A French wit, of a post- office turn of iin'di: evolves the following : ." A marriedawoinan is a letter which has reached its address: A young: giill is a letter niot yet addressed.'- An old maid is a letter which has been forgotten and sent to the dead-letter office." It was his first dinner, at which he fodund a " programmb printed in French, and, after examining the bill, of. fare intently from itop to bottom, he called, to the waiter,:and point ing tos.the word !' menu:'" at. the top;: said, "Fetch me a dish of that.for a start:!' < '-:l A lawyer walked down the street yester-.. , day with?hidlength'of armitax"d i to hiold a h lot of. law books. "Why, I thought youUj carried all that stuff in Sypurc'head I" "I do," quickly rdplied the lawyer, 4ith a know ing wink. " Theeare for thd uprini? Court judges." , .t ',''t i, ,' The worst tlý i? o n with this sort of busines is ,s Iloan kcashier to liimself asghe 'akle$` ttle',vauables kbli in his valise, that one has got to leave the .country; but," he,added, 'as ~ji made sure that the safe was entirely empty, "the country is the only thin'thaliit' I will leave," And it was. " Give meiithie moiniey or I shall lie forced to dQaltliindgthat 1 have ifever yet'be'ifieiilbi to do in my life." ,IIlonsieur;'d6 Tac took out his pocket-book, gate !ititto the robber, and said to him, "Now.that.yon have strip ped ,ge, hmay. I; a ekrwhatyou,.would, have . dondt? .oThe ,bandit looked,;at,,his victim, coolly, an iirepld,".I should have worked.;'c The youngest ofice~!who fought at Water loo is dead. 'Dead,, remember., Dead as a stone. Dead as a doornail. Dead certain. After this;anybody (Iam now instructed by t. prprier tosay? w~vho sends'thisa:paper a ! agr ap ` Ui t bi' h' death' of Watr?do . 'veteran must pay for it'as an :ertiseiei??t; with the understaniding alsothatitl insiieite:d at his own pioper per il. A A maher. aIttracted soame attentio:i5" Gollins strei~t last ~week `by reason of'1i0 =collari on which was pencilled; I Pa4 7fS 5s.;" "hair oil and tobacco,'! '"-aryl..Smj~h - and sundry other notes, 'He hade:ina i/nmo ment of forgetfulness, put one of his cuiffs?On his neck without noticing, that .it was ;tie identical one which'he had previously useda i a memorandum book. ; : hE .firited a kiss, but didn't kiohoi t ioit .as~kfr it, and was so honest tha d i-t-strl it,:so he said-" thel Y~iI are fond .of kissing bibieis, when1 s stopped hifm by quietly remrki are mistaken, George, for 1i ha i iny regard for you that wiay He did n finish.his, speech. .. ., , Let them use stiffer material in their work, and then depression will be impossible unless with a loaded stick. Of cu,urse it is a trade where lack of work will be little felt. ThrVited States has 17,000 dentists Great Cessar's ghost! What a thlIng~rmy. They alone could pull their country out of any awkward trouble, and few nations would care to face them and their forceps. They thrive beppanse Yankees are Siordinately fond of restai'hsrt pie. " I was ex i'ii~' ?i ~rbrds:'!Idi3hs ase ice," said a wc1_!l-_owa?4aw ver. '!?¢d he vns very drunk.l ?i~1,a ut'/ hi~ie, for yhich damages were wanted by the owner n account of a botch which a horse-clipper d made in shaving the animal's tail. This aituess had seen the work done, I asked m if he had ,held the- horse's tailwhile 4t ,as being shdld)iIfc-?h? fhi'on?e 'e~ye,'ahitl, oking at me withetl f6the~r hh&ansivered;: ushat wash one of zqcw,(hie)'osses,zsj.at puld hold his.iii? lo9 t?'oP;" i" My son, remember that greatness does not pend on size., The bull-ant is great, the raffe is big. You will recognise tihe truth of is axiom when you take your best girl to a cnic and warble love words to her whileon Saut-hill. So will the gi'rifshe sits not on ur knee, andcdloes not keep wel coveed at portion' of"ir' wici' is, ac ordin to \- ilised fashiggg e t4est d most alluring o f lbosen. In'ih hastiness ?getting up you will probably swear, but rot that trouble you, for your girl willbe 'bat time far away, and in some secret Ot where the wicked eye Afiman cannot see moving bull-ants from aidist her under man caught afltho aQn enji the other day which't diW~lthah'vw ah hin its stomach. It was a long- headed flathead that chose that particular kind of watch to swallow. he [stion may now be argued byo.o ?j~j the time--which I have ~t5 e?.the fish in question took the ~ait in order to have the watch wound up if even on a line. The manager of the Waltham Watch Company will-if he hap pens to see it-be able to judge from this paragraph that I am one of the persons who have a morbid antipathy to anachronism. The Waltham watch should be in the pose session of every conscientious historian of e year or the age. The gold chro ort is most to my taste, though even r~ ~ood silver one would be cherished anheirloom. This is not itended .h though, if it should be taken as such, the-er- testimonial to my talent might be:e to me in care of the editor, apoliceman. It is always well to l?? th"afe side, even of your friends. s e of your friends is the blind THE REFERENCE. 'Tis sweet to hear on moonlitlake The voice of onee ye . S'Tissweet t still the sohnidi of :sd-? ' i Wi 'And a'bothehose who have bied; , S But nothing's half so sweet in life As lying late in bed. S"(YPu'1e :sitting on' te ?ityle, Mary," he said, bending over the chair in which she eat, 