Round the Bivouac Fire- (Pom for Recitation.) Bound the bivouac fire, at midnight, lay the weary warrior-band; , Bloody were their spears with slaughter; gory was each herb's hand: For the ghaBtly fight was ended: from each soul a whisper c a i n e . ' '»' " God of Battles 1 we have triumphed: hallowed ;be Thy Mighty Nanie 1" It was 1 -beautiful,, at midnight, when the bloody war was dbne. When the battle clashed no longer, and no . : longer blazadrthe suni ; Calmly, in the balmy starlight, to repose out wearied limbs, Not a sound to stir the stillness, save the sound of holy hymns : " Thou hast given us the glory: Thou hast cast our foes to shame 1 God of ^Battles 1 we i&ve.; triumphed: hal i i: lowed be- Thy inigbty name I ; Thou hast given us the 'glory; Thou hast bade our troubles cease: Thou art great as God of Battles: Thou art best as Ged of Peace "' Peaceful jngsllw world jiiojind thbm: ;in the peaceful Bummer skies Watched the sentry stars above them, like the host of.angel-ey.es: , Shone the sentinel stars in splendour on each slumbering hero's head. And the moonlight gleamed in glory on the dying arid the deacl. Rosily wore the night to morning: cheerily; at their heart's desire, 1 Sang) the.: soldiers &mgS; of -triumph* xound ' the'ruddy bivouac'fire: 1- Muehed their faces were with glory: strong were they, and brave, and tall: But the tender tears of childhood bathed the bravest face of all 1 Pensive,|by the;gleaming firelight,- mate the londy^ariibrstood:j/' ' 1 S f In his hand a paper grasped : he, scrawled with letters, large and crude: In his gory hands he grasped it; and the tender childly;, tear, \ 5 x ;From hif5manl'y bosom welling, bathed the blood upon his spear 1 ; Silent wore the night to morning: silent, at their heart's desire, Watching iayithe.weary warriors, iound the gleaming bivouao fire: " What's the news from England, comrade What's the sorry news for thee, From the friends we left behind us, and our , h.omejbeyond.thpjeaS" ; Theriithe"goryipappr|ppeffihe, Borajwled iwith ! letWrs, biude^nttwilS: 1'' Little news from England, comrades: 'tis letter from my child." " From our merry babBS in England, welcome is'thetie'ws'l "ithby said!:'' </ And the soldiers lay in silence, while the war rior rose and read: "Little hrp,ther dieariat-jChristijias.j .taothnr told me riot to t e i i " ' But I think it better, father, for you said, ' The dead are well.' He was buried , fiide .o! ..Mary—mother sinoe has never smiled— Till we meet, good-bye, dear father—from your.little loving.child!" Silent jjvbie the.riigM io inoriiing ;t siipnt, at their soul's desire, Lay the warrioraj loBt(in-,drpaming, round the dying bivouac fire;'* 01"'I Home were..they, once more, in England miles.iiveie they from war's alarms 1 f Harlt l'tne'-Sudden'- 'bugle* soniidirigl' iSark the cry : " To arms 1 to arms 1"" Out " UpKmy from ; ¥atriors';lterm, ambush", out froih iriy thicket, JferoesS charged ^Strike _ for God and'home, again I For our homes,"-our babes,vour country 1" And the kiddy morning-light ~ Flared on brandished falohions bloody still with gore of yesternight 1 Purple grew the plain with slaughter—steed and rider, side byside; r ' % r 1. And the crimson/day 1 of carnage jn -a- crimson sunset died: Shuddering on the field of iattle-glimpsed the starlight ^verh'ead, r ( f >' s v And the moonlight, ghost-Uke, glimmered on the dying and the deadl Faint and fBWj around the fire-light, were the stretohfid, outwearied limbs: Faint and few the hero-voioes that uprose in holy hymns: I?ew the warriors left to whisper, " Thou hast cast;ourfoeB;tOiShame: God-of; Battles 1 we .have triumphed{/hallowed be Thy. mighty. Name I'' Onthepurple plaino£elaughter,'."who ; is ; i;hiB that smiles in rest, With a shred of gory paper "lying on his mangled breast ? M"oughtremaming,-,Baveafragment,"Bprawlea .!••;..• with letterB, crude and wild: " Till wc meet, good-by, dear lather—from your little loving child 1" Eaiee Turn softly: lift him gintly etanoli his life-blood, ebbing slow: He is breathing—he is wjiispeung—what <s this he murmurs low ? " Saved 1 my child—my,.home—jny cpiuntrv 1 • Eathfir, give my pangs release; , Thon art great as God-of Battles: 3 t a art best as God of Peaoe'4" ; - . SMUOEBKL OOWAH, MA,,>ISThi-T-htaire'. ' z! 4 4 , J'Avi 1'ir 41 f l l ' i 1 1 * • ' J,, 