VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB. MELBOURNE, Saturday Evening. (FBOH OUR OWN CORRESPOND ENT.) A Tace meeting under tbe auspices of tbe V.A.T. Club was held this afternoon on tbe CanlBeld course, and considering tbe lateness of tbe season and the somewhat raw and chilly state of tbe atmosphere, tbere was a very fair attendance. In tbe Steeplechaae, tbo borses took tbe wrong course, and tbe stewards decided that it must be run over again. Tbis took place after tbe last race, wltb tbe result that Granville, who came in first in tbe norace, was successful again afterwards. Tbe owners of Sir Samuel and Velocipede were fined £20 and £& respectively for late scratching*. Tbe following were the events:— BELLING KJCE—Of SO sovs. For all horses that bave never won a race exceeding 25 SOTS. Weight for age, with celling allowances, Tbe winner to be sold for £50. Five fui longs. Mr S. Miller's br f Warma (mf), 2 yrs, 5st lSlb (Tnom'-y) 1 Mr J. Sunson &B; br R Bunstroke (m£i, 3 yrs, 7st (Blair) 2 Mr B. Tburilng's b t Jack Ashore (£!0), i yrs, Est 41b (Bobertson) 3 EBtrella and Lady Loch also started. Bettlag—Even Wanna, 8 to 1 bar one. Warma and Lady Loch made tbe running to the straight, entering which Warma was in front. Tbe two came hp tbe straight on pretty tveu terms, Jack Ashore being CIOBS handy. Near tbe post Sunstroke came witb a biilJiAnt rntb, but Warma beat him by a nose. Jack Ashore was a good third. Time, 1 min. 61 —as Dougnc I .DLIS HACE- - - One mile and a half. Hr'i. G. Wright's br m Minerva, C yrs, lost 51b (M'Leod) 1 Mr H. Cbifney's b g Cbatswortb, 5 ;», 10at (Chaston) 2 Mr J. B. ;Oill'« b g Dunleary, 6 yrs, 9st, Including 81b over (Allen) 8 Boyal Maid, Despatch, Sinking Fond, Tattler, Pride ol OBklands, Zona, and Peacock weie tbe other starters. Bettieg—: to 1 Minerva, 6 to 1 Sinking Fund, 6 to 1 Chatswortb, 7 to 20 to 1 others.. DunleBry made the running, attended alternately by Chatswortb, Tattler, Sinking Fnnd, and Zona. In tbe neighborhood of tbe sod wall Dunleary who bad held a big lead, WSB pacsed by Chatswortb, wbo headed the field into Ihe straight. Here the favorite, who was running in the rear, was bronght up, and won comfortably by a leng'.h from Chatswortn, Dunleary a fair tblrd. Sinking Fund fourth, Tattler flftb, and Boyal Maid sixtb. Time, 3 min. GLEN HDNTLV HANDICAP—Of 100 SOTS, added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs each, 15 sovs to go to tbe second, S sovs to tbe third boree. One mile. Mr J. Harper's b g Dncas, 8 yrs, 6st 71b (Cracknell) 1 Mr W. Neil's b 1 b Duration, 1 yrs 8at 21b (I. Brown) 2 Mr B. W. Ellis' eh b Lord Wilton, i yrs, 7st 71b 8 (Sbarrad) •• Grace Darling, Tbe Ghost, Surprise, Muscat, Bohemian, East Lynne, and Yellow Hammer also went. Betting—7 to 4 TTncas, 8 to 1 Surprise, 6 tol Dutatlon, 7 to 10 to 1 others. Grace T>arllng and Surprise were the first to show in front. Then Surprise etruck out, attended by Grace Darling and The Qhost. Surprise continued to lead to tbe straight, but Duration came on tbe inside, and lookud ail over a winner. Nearirg tbe post, Cracknell brought Cncas to tbe front with a tine rush, and be won by half a length from Duration, Lord Wilton third. East Lycne fourth, Grace Darling fifth, and Yellow Hammer last. Time, 1 min45sec. . .. .. HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE —Of 126 sovs, added to a aweepsttfcei ot S sovs each; 15 BOVS tu go to the second borse, and 10 sovs te tbe third borse. Two miles. Mr B Phillips' br b Granville, 6 yrs, 10>t 4lb (Hubt) 1 Mr E. Martin's bg Native, aged, 10at 71b(Blrd).. 2 Mr J. Piibrow's b g Clarence, aged. 12st (Cree).. 8 Blackthorn, Kingston, Tandsticker, Bereeford, Pride of tbs Hillp, Dollar, Topsail, and Chestrr also started. . , , , In this race the blunder was made of not leaving an opening for the borses to come from oae course to the other, and tbey went on the wrong roarse. The'mistake was rectified by clearing tbe rails between tbe two courses, but tbe i towards decided tbat the race should be run over again. On the first occasion Granville won, w'tb Blackthorn second, and Kingston third. Afterwards, when the race was run again, the same borses started, and Granville again won, but upon tbis occasion Natnre and Clarence filled the second and tblrd places. Time, 4 min. 26 sec. THE ARMADALE HANDICAP—Of 100 BOVS-. Five furlongs and a half. Mr B. Love's b or br b Topsi, a yrs, 8st 71b 1 (Wymsn) •• Mr A. Hallnbourg'B b b St. Lawrence, 4 yrs, 8st 2 101b (Panders) •• •• Mr s. Grimwood's br h Meander, aged, Est (J. Williams) .". s Ace, Hannibal, Seaweed. Distiller, Delamla, Mookra, Nuncio, Gipsy** Warning, Bon Ben Mosb, and Burra Bnrrn also started. Betting—3 to 1 egst 1 opaz, 4 to 1 Meander, 6 to I St. Lsvrrenco and Ttie Ace, 8 to 1 Seaweed. Mookra was the first to show in f ont, but- was passed by Meander, who led into tbe straight. Towards the end, however, Topaz and St. Lawrence came; aad an excellent contest resulted in a win lor Topaz byhalfalength. 