Twenty Years Ago. BY A. C. [WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE CHRISTMAS 'QUEENSLANDER. I. TWENTY years ago, when I was eighteen years of age, I was married in Brisbane to D'Arcy O'Neil. A couple of years earlier I, my mother, brother, and two sisters were stranded on Australian shores friendliness and almost penni- less, our natural protector, who was going to make all our fortunes, having died at sea. Within twelve months of our arrival, and after some strange vicissitudes, my mother, still a young and attractive woman, married again; my youngest sister was sent to school, my brother went up country, and Kate and I dis- contentedly abode under our step-father's com- fortable roof, wishing we had been boys so that we might have escaped up country too. She was the eldest by a year, but my chance came first. D'Arcy O'Neil came down to Bris- bane to see about getting the lease of some land he had taken up, and, having secured his grant and purchased sheep and stores to start with, lingered for a few weeks to enjoy the unaccus- tomed luxuries of city life. Happy weeks! We met him at Government House parties, and he spent any number of quiet evenings at our own; he strolled with us in the Botanic Gardens; he rowed us on the river; he brought us books and read to us; he made life a holiday for all that blessed time, every new day being fuller and sweeter than the last. The end of it was that we felt it would be more than we could bear to part. 'But I cannot take you into that wild new country,' he said, 'where I have not as yet so much as a roof to shelter you, and where you wouldn't perhaps see a white woman from year's end to year's end. It would kill you.' 'Why should it kill me any more than you?' I retorted. 'I am as strong as a man almost— I love roughing it—I should enjoy the free life beyond anything—and I shouldn't want to see anyone but you. Besides, think how I could help you, D'Arcy—cooking and washing, and attending to the cows and things.' 'As if I would take you out there to cook and wash!' 'Why not? Why shouldn't women have the pleasure and power of doing something really fine and useful as well as men? Why shouldn't I help you as well as you help me? Couldn't we do more together than if we were separate? But you have all the old-fashioned notions, I see, and I don't believe you know what real love is.' 'Don't I? It is just because I love you so well that I won't sacrifice you.' 'And you think it wouldn't be sacrificing me to leave me to this weary life of idleness and constant anxiety about you. However, I know how it is. I should be in your way—a clog on you—a hindrance to your getting about freely'— 'Polly, Polly! In my way, indeed! It would just turn that desolate place into heaven to have you there with me—if I could.' 'Very well. Then take me with you; for it would turn it into heaven for me too. Let us make our home together, D'Arcy, and when we are settled enough we'll send for Kitty to come and live with us. Are you hesitating still? Do you think I am a bold girl, asking you to marry me now, when you would rather not?' 'Polly, I'll carry you off to church this moment, if you torment me any more,' he said taking me by the shoulders and giving me a tender but impatient shake. 'I simply can't stand it.' I did not want him to stand it, for I knew that he longed to take me quite as much as I longed to go, and I knew far better than he did how much help and how little hindrance I could be. And in the end he was glad enough to allow himself to be seduced from his heroic reso- lutions. 'Only,' said he, 'when you are eaten up by the blacks don't turn round and say it was my fault.' I promised faithfully—I offered to take my Bible oath, if necessary—not to do that. So he stayed down a little longer, and we were married and went into the wilds together. Had my father been alive he would promptly have nipped such an enterprise in the bud; but my step-father, with whom I did not 'get on,' and my mother, at this time becoming engrossed with the cares of a second family, were not to blame for being easily persuaded that it was 'a good thing' for me. D'Arcy O'Neil was really a very satisfactory son-in-law. He was not too young, to begin with; I must have been a baby in arms when he came as a lad to Australia with all his people from their ancestral Irish castle, whence they were driven by stress of famine, or re- bellion, or Encumbered Estates Act, or a com- bination of all those impoverishing circum- stances; and he 'knew his way about' as an experienced colonist and man of business should. Not only was he an acknowledged 'good fellow' —not only did he come of an 'ould family,' and show that he did so in his carriage and manners and in every line of his high-bred face (as well as by the possession of a devoted retainer who called him 'his honour,' and was never tired of expatiating on the departed glory of the O'Neils); but he was not without some substance wherewith to support his social rank. He had 'something' to his credit in the bank; he had stock and stores that were paid for on their way to his new country, and that country was be- lieved to be a first-rate investment. So that I really did not do so badly from the parental point of view. My own opinion was that I never could have done better had I had the world to choose from. Nevertheless, it was a bold, not to say a most rash, undertaking. First we had a little sea voyage; then a little camp in a rudimentary coast town, where we regained possession of a good deal of miscel- laneous property that D'Arcy had sent on before us; and then we had a long long drive—if it could be called a drive—of about two hundred miles in a bullock-dray. It does not sound cheerful, and I daresay I was often weary; but, looking back upon it now, I think it was the most delightful expedition imaginable. There were no roads, of course, and the track pre- sented difficulties that were occasionally more than twelve bullocks could overcome. Some- times we were short of water, sometimes we were driven to madness and despair by the mos- quitoes, sometimes we had to keep on guard all night lest the blacks should surprise us; but nothing worse befell. We had another dray containing our married couple, a Scotch shep- herd and his wife, behind us, and our own was so stuffed with bedding, food, and comforts that we could have lived on its stores for six months, if necessary. D'Arcy had a small armament of repeating rifles and revolvers on board, and was himself so cool and quick, and so dead a shot, that the camp in his charge was pretty safe from molestation. Though he walked nearly every step of the way, with the terrible sun beating down on his dear head, I had no fatigues and no hardships whatever. It was one long picnic for me—as happy a wedding journey as ever bride made in this world. Then, at last, we reached home. Home! An illimitable waste of low hills and plains, and one little bark hut, with a grizzly-bearded Irishman waiting at the door to welcome us. That was my home. Such as it was, D'Arcy, at any rate, was delighted to see it again; and poor old Pat Murphy, who, all the time we had been love-making and marrying, had lived alone in this wilderness with his little store of tea and sugar, salt meat and flour, and an old double-barrel to protect him against the blacks, was almost beside himself with joy at his master's safe return, congratulating himself and the blessed saints in the most picturesque and fervent language. And well he might! I was a great surprise to him, but, I flatter myself, a pleasant one. When he understood that I was lawfully incorporated into the 'ould family,' en- titled to bear the honoured of O'Neil, there was nothing he would not do for me. He called me 'his honour's lady' and 'your lady- ship' when he was sober and sedate; and when enthusiasm overcame him, the 'jewel of the worruld,' and things of that sort. We were always the best of friends. As soon as all had arrived we set to work. We were two white women, Mrs. M'Phee and myself; four white men, M'Phee and another shepherd, D'Arcy and Pat; and a black boy called Jimmy, imported by my husband from another district. The poor shepherds were soon stationed out with their respective lots of sheep, and the rest of us stayed at home to build our house and fences. Then my troubles began. I realised what it was to be cut off from the civilised world. To find myself alone with Mrs. M'Phee and Jimmy while D'Arcy and Pat were felling timber and stripping bark a dozen miles away, or to be left with Pat while my precious husband went forth alone, or with only Jimmy to support him, were trials that no description can do justice to. This was the worst I had to bear—my trembling terror of the blacks, who kept us constantly aware of their neighbourhood in one way or another; but other discomforts I encountered, and their name was legion, that the most careful forethought had not been able to provide against. However, I am thankful to say I did not show the white feather, and if I was in the way sometimes I made up for it at other times. I fulfilled my boastful intentions, sweetening life and lightening toil for my dear mate; and at the worst I was never tempted to regret that I had accompanied him. By degrees I adapted myself to the new conditions, learned to shoot straight, and to fear the blacks no more than I feared snakes and centipedes; and then I became a power indeed in our little community, and would not have changed places with any- one. We built our house with our own hands. The bullocks hauled in the material, and the men hewed and mortised the frame together, split and trimmed the slabs, flattened the sheets of bark, and put walls and roof together. I lined my sitting-room with blue calico, stuffed and clothed the home-made frames of chairs and sofa, manufactured cupboards and ottomans out of deal packing cases, and by all sorts of original contrivances softened the rude features of our dwelling, and made of it a pleasant resting-place for a tired man to come home to. In course of time, owing entirely to our own exertions, we had quite a model station—fenced yards and a garden, men's hut, stable, store, and wool-shed— all the necessaries of life, in short, which are so much fewer and simpler than one is accustomed to believe. I kept fowls and pigs, and had a dairy; and D'Arcy employed five shepherds (of whom every now and then one was killed by the blacks), M'Phee being the overseer, and Pat the storekeeper and handy man about the place—my bodyguard in my husband's absence; and we had a mail about once a month, and drayloads of stores and city luxuries two or three times a year. The country near us was taken up, and sometimes a neighbour dropped in to see us, when we broke out in sumptuous dinners, and played whist till the small hours. Altogether, we were very prosperous, very healthy, and very happy in our independence. I may have grumbled at the solitude—perhaps I did—but I don't remember it now. Looking back after twenty years, it seems to me that Eve in Paradise before the Fall could not have had a more charming time of it. Still, there were occasions when freedom seemed less desirable than the civilised bondage in which we had been reared. The most serious of these was when we first realised that a young family would have to be provided for. Just before our second shearing, when everybody was full of station business, it became apparent that I must either be sent home to my mother or that our domestic staff must be considerably aug- mented; and neither plan could be accomplished without great risk and difficulty. D'Arcy's state of mind was pitiable to behold. 'I must take you back,' said he desperately, 'at any cost. And I never ought to have brought you away.' 'But I insisted on coming,' I replied with equal firmness, 'and I insist on staying now I am here. I can't let you leave the place now, with shearing coming on, and I won't go without you. How do other settlers' wives do? They don't make such a fuss over it, and why should we? I'm strong and well, and I'm not afraid; and I've got Mrs. M'Phee. D'Arcy, I said I would never be a drag on you—don't make me fail after all!' 'Polly, I'm not going to run the risk of losing you.' 'Well, I'm sure there's more risk in that horrible journey than in anything else!' 'Do you think so? Then I must get somebody up—I must, by hook or by crook.' And he did get somebody up—the only person, the best person we could possibly have had—my dearest sister Kate. She set off in hot haste by the first steamer, accompanied by an old servant who had nursed us both when we ourselves were infants, and was met at the coast by our friend Leigh Pomeroy and his partner Bob Russell, who brought her in their dray to me. The two were our nearest white neighbours, settled only thirty miles away from us, and happened to be the best as well as the only escort we could procure for her. They were Oxford men, and gentlemen; they were also bachelors, and young; so that I don't suppose our travelling arrangements were altogether correct. But in our primitive and scant society we could not afford to be fastidious about those things. Kitty reached me safe and sound; they set her and old Ann down at the door, and hardly waited long enough to be thanked for bringing them; and my sister and I had so much to say to each other on more in- teresting subjects that we forgot to talk about the journey. D'Arcy asked her if Russell and Pomeroy had taken good care of her, and she said, 'Yes, thank you;' and Ann expressed a fervent hope that they might have them two young gentlemen to go back with. That was all. Shearing came on after this—shearing in the primitive pioneer fashion; it came and passed, and proved a profitable season for us, though I did hear a great deal of grumbling, and not a little bad language over the losses we had suffered from the blacks harrying the sheep on the out- stations, where the spreading flocks by day, and the brushwood yards at night, were periodically attacked, as well as the poor lone guardians of them. 'If it were not for those devils,' said D'Arcy one day, 'we should be getting along like a house afire; but they're just as if they were trying to spoil it all. I've tried kindness and letting them alone, but, by George, I'll not stand any more of their games. I'll send for a detachment of the native police and give them a jolly good lesson that they'll not forget in a hurry.' 'O don't,' I pleaded. 'They are so many, and we are so few; think how they might retaliate on us afterwards. We can spare them a few sheep, D'Arcy; after all, it's only fair pay for the land we have taken from them.' 'We might spare them a few sheep, perhaps— if they'd be content with a few; but we can't spare them our shepherds—you don't think of them, Polly—all alone for weeks, abandoned to their fate. M'Phee found a shepherd dead, and his hut burnt down, last night, and the flock they were to have brought in to the shed all scattered and gone—Lord knows where. Are we to stand by and let those poor fellows be murdered in our service without lifting a hand to protect them?' 'Oh, certainly not,' I replied. And Kitty, who had not so much to fear as I, waxed eloquent in her indignation, and declared the blacks ought to have been taught their place at the beginning, and not allowed to grow so bold. 'I think so too,' said D'Arcy. 'However, let me once get the shearing over, and they shall have a lesson that will surprise them. It's the only thing they can understand.' He fulfilled his threat promptly. Half-a- dozen black troopers (apparently delighted to have the task of hunting down their kinsfolk), with a smart officer at their head, arrived one night, and before we were up in the morning had ridden forth on the warpath, accompanied by my husband and expecting to be joined by Pomeroy and Russell, and every spare man and gun within fifty miles of us. The party was 'out' for three days, and D'Arcy returned with a satisfied air. I did not ask too many questions, and he did not think it good for me to hear too much; so I never knew exactly what happened. 'They have had a lesson,' said he to Kitty, with a stern smile, whereby I gathered that the ex- pedition had been a success. 'I don't think they will meddle with the sheep or spear the shepherds any more—just yet.' Nor did they, strange to say. I lived in trembling expectation of terrible reprisals, and lo! all was safe and peaceful, both at the out- stations and at home. It really did seem as if the lesson had been a useful one. 'They thought they could do as they liked—that we were afraid of them,' said D'Arcy, 'and now they have found out their mistake. It's the only way to teach them.' Then occurred the supreme event, and for the time blacks and all other troubles were forgotten. Never was there a sweeter baby than that baby, and never did a young mother thrive and flourish better than I. D'Arcy and Kate, Ann and Mrs. M'Phee (and Pat, whenever he could get the chance) nursed and waited on our pet and me, and a princess in a palace might have envied the care and comfort I was surrounded by, and the honour and glory of my condition. While I was yet in my room, lying half-asleep and half-awake, too happy for words, Mr. Pomeroy called to make 'kind inquiries.' From my tiny slit of a window I saw him sitting on his horse in the hot sun—a fine, stalwart, handsome fellow—talking to D'Arcy, who presently came in to deliver his friend's message. 'How very very nice of him!' I exclaimed with fervour. 'And did he ride thirty miles only to hear how I was? Make him come in and stay, of course, D'Arcy—Kate will enter- tain him for me.' 'Kate will do no such thing,' said that young lady, who was nursing the baby by my bedside. She had been kissing and cooing to him in a way to make me quite sorry for her that she had not a baby of her own, but all at once became flushed, severe, and rigid. 'I hope,' she added stiffly, 'that D'Arcy will not have any gentle- men here at present. It would not be proper.' I failed to recognise her in this new character of Mrs. Grundy, and so did my husband. We both stared at her open-mouthed. Then D'Arcy turned away with a short laugh. 'My dear girl,' said he brusquely, 'we are not in Brisbane now, and our code of etiquette out here is not quite so elaborate as that.' 'I should hope not!' I put in warmly. 'Tell Mrs. M'Phee to put some clean towels in your room D'Arcy. You can sleep on the sofa.' 'All right,' said he, and went out. Leigh Pomeroy washed, fed, smoked, and rested himself in our house till about 4 o'clock, during part of which time Kate sat beside me silent, and almost sullen, while I, too vexed to talk to her, pretended to sleep; the rest of the time she spent elsewhere, but did not go near the sitting-room. I believe she went to the kitchen to cook something for our guest, but that I did not know till afterwards. Then, in the very hottest hour of the blazing day, I heard D'Arcy shout to Pat to bring round Mr. Pomeroy's horse, heard good-byes exchanged outside, and saw that intimate friend and cherished neighbour ride away. I could scarcely believe my senses. 'You don't mean to say,' I demanded of my husband, who came to my room ere the sound of the departing hoof-beats died in the distance, 'that you did not ask him to stop?' 'No,' he replied crossly, 'I was not so in- hospitable and ridiculous. I tried to keep him, but he would not stay. Said Russell was ex- pecting him back—such bosh! He'll have a sunstroke—if the blacks don't pot him—before he gets home.' Kate was with me, but jumped up and walked out as he spoke. Her lip was trembling, and I believe she was on the point of tears, but she held her head up defiantly. He gazed after her with moody eyes, and then took her chair beside me. 'I wonder what has happened?' he mused discontentedly. 'Pomeroy was looking round and listening the whole time he was here. He knew he couldn't see you, so he must have been looking for her. And I believe he went away because she didn't come to speak to him, and he thought he wasn't wanted.' 'She's an absurd ungrateful minx,' I declared hotly. 'After all the care he took of her, and the trouble he put himself to to make her com- fortable!' 'It must have been then,' said D'Arcy. 'When you come to think of it, Polly, they were to- gether for weeks, and no chaperon but old Ann. Still, Pomeroy is not the man to take advantage of such a situation. Do you think he is?' 'I am sure he is not,' I replied. 'A more thorough gentleman I never knew—except one.' 'She's uncommonly good- looking,' remarked my husband. 'Not as pretty as some people I could name'—stroking my hair with his dear horny hand—'but still a vast deal prettier than most girls, and with fetching ways of her own, too. And all that time alone, almost, in that wild country—by George! it never struck me before! You and I never had the ghost of such a chance, Polly.' 'If we had, we wouldn't have spoiled it by quarrelling,' said I. When he was gone I thought the matter over, and the more I thought the more I realised my own stupidity, past and present. When Kate came in to me after my lamp was lighted, trusting to the semi-darkness to hide the traces of her tears, I was no longer angry with her, but was burning to have her confidence and to give her sympathy. 'Kitty,' I whispered, drawing her down to kiss me, 'tell me what is the matter, darling? Why have you quarrelled with Leigh Pomeroy?' 'I have not quarrelled with him,' she replied. 'Why do you dislike him, then?' 'I never said I disliked him, Polly.' 'But you showed it. You would not let him stay—you would not even go and speak to him— though he is such a friend of the house, and did us such a kindness in bringing you here.' I would not say 'Did you such a kindness,' but she understood what I meant, and I found I had laid my finger on the sore place. 'It was so difficult,' she said, speaking of the journey. 'It was so horrid to be in his hands, owing him so much'—she did not mention Bob Russell, to whom she was equally indebted— 'and I could never get away from him and be free of his attentions.' 'Was he too attentive?' I asked. 'Did he behave badly?' 'Oh, no, no; he could not behave badly. But you don't realise it, Polly; you had your own husband to take care of you.' 'I am sorry,' I said, sighing; 'but it was the best we could do for you. We wanted you to be safe, above everything else, and we knew they would keep you safe.' 'They did; they did. They were only too kind, and I know you and D'Arcy think me an ungrateful wretch.' She took out her handker- chief, smothered a sob or two, and loudly blew her nose. 'I wonder,' was her next remark— it burst out in an irrepressible sort of way—'I wonder if he has got safely home?' After this all my anxiety was to get Leigh Pomeroy back again. 'She loves him,' said I confidently to my husband, 'and he loves her; and she'll just let her stupid pride keep them apart for ever if we don't interfere. D'Arcy, what do you say to our having a little Christmas spree—it is only civilised and Christian-like to mark the season somehow—and getting them both over for a week?' He ruminated over the idea. 'They're doing very well,' he remarked reflectively. 'Pomeroy is a pushing chap, and sure to make his way. He's an earl's nephew, too, with expectations—' 'Oh, yes, yes; but what does that matter? He is a dear good fellow, and I'm sure they love each other. We must bring them together.' 'It's a responsibility,' said D'Arcy; 'but she's of age, and there is no one to blow us up. I'll ride over and fetch them if you like.' By this time I was quite well, it was the second week of hot December, and I was in no mood for dawdling over my scheme. 'Go to-morrow,' I said; 'start at dawn, and come home in the cool of the evening. And take one of the men with you, for fear of the blacks.' He said he was quite ready to start in the morning, being as anxious to see his friends again as I was, but wanted no one with him. 'A good horse and a revolver are enough for me,' he said; 'and there are no men to spare. M'Phee must take out the shepherds' rations, and Pat and Jimmy must mount guard at home. The blacks aren't likely to meddle with any of us, but you may as well keep a look-out, and don't stray too far.' And so, with no particular anxiety for each other, we kissed and parted in the dark of the midsummer morning, and he rode off to fetch our long absent and much desired friends. 'Perhaps they won't come,' he laughed, as he vaulted into his saddle. To which I vulgarly replied from my bedroom window, 'No fear.' All that day, roasting hot as it was, we four women worked like slaves in the house and kitchen, cooking everything that had a chance of keeping long enough for our guests to eat it, and generally preparing for their entertainment. Kate did not mention their names, but was as full of bustle and interest as the rest of us. I know she was delighted with the prospect, though she would have died sooner than say so. Long before we expected them everything was ready, and as the dusk of evening fell she and I sat down to wait and listen for their coming. We had arrayed ourselves in our best muslins, newly ironed, and adorned with festive ribbons; the table was spread for supper, the lamps were lighted; both front and back doors, which faced each other, stood open, and the night air breathed freshly through the little house. Kate was knitting a shawl for baby—knitting with an air of languid leisure, as if she had done nothing else all day—and I was rocking his cradle with my foot and looking round upon the room with pride in its swept and garnished aspect, thinking of the pleasant contrast it offered to the rude discomforts of our bachelor friends' hut, and how the difference would strike them. Hero, D'Arcy's beautiful collie, lay upon the kangaroo- skin rug which covered a third of the floor, sleeping audibly with his nose between his paws. Suddenly the dog ceased to snooze, and, without moving, opened his eyes; then growled a long, low, inward growl. 'He hears them,' said Kate, pretending to knit on, while dropping every other stitch; 'they are coming.' As she spoke the rumbling growl became a guttural snarl, breaking finally into a volley of fierce barks, as Hero bounded from the hearth- rug, and down the back passage into the yard outside. My sister sat still and smiled, but I jumped to my feet, my brain reeling and my heart standing still with terror, for I knew this was no signal of the master's return. 'Blacks!' I tried to cry, but my tongue was paralysed, and I could not articulate a sound. The next moment we all heard the yells of our enemies, the screams of Mrs. M'Phee, who came running in from the kitchen, and Pat's wild appeals to the blessed Virgin and the saints as he bolted the house door behind her. I thought I was brave, but I proved an arrant coward. As the first flight of spears came hurtling against the planks and slabs, evidently aimed at the fugitives, who only just escaped them, I snatched my darling from his cradle, and hugged him to my breast so roughly that he woke and cried; and then stood like Lot's wife, frozen stiff and stupid with horror, as helpless as a rabbit in the cage of a rattlesnake. Happily, Kate was 'all there,' and equal to the dreadful emergency. I think I see her now as, the instant the first cry rose, she realised what had happened. She flung down her knitting; the light of battle kindled in her dreaming face; her drooping body sprang into alert life and energy. So swift and complete a transformation I never saw. The first thing she did was to fly to the front —which was also the sitting-room—door, shut, bar, and barricade it with the furniture—and how she moved the cumbrous things I don't know; then she ran to the back, where the servants helped her to build a similar fortification. As these were the only outlets of the main building—the windows being merely loopholes in the wall, just wide enough for a gun-barrel—her prompt defence of them gave us temporary safety, and our only chance of ultimate rescue. 'Where are those rifles, Pat?' she cried in her fierce hurry. 'Polly, where does D'Arcy keep them? They're not outside, I hope and pray! O, Pat! Get them quick—we must frighten them before they go too far. We must not let them think we have no man but you.' In the state I was in I could not remember where the rifles were, but Pat remembered. They and the ammunition belonging to them were in a rude cupboard in my own bedroom, and thither she flew to fetch them, nearly knocking down old Ann, who had been sewing there, and was now standing on the threshold agape and staring, stunned with fright, like me. 'Here, Polly,' she cried, handing me a loaded gun, 'give baby to Ann, and go to one of the windows and shoot some of them, if you can. If you can't, shoot at nothing—perhaps D'Arcy and Mr. Pomeroy are near enough to hear.' She tore the baby from my arms, and bundled it and Ann into a corner, made Pat divide the ammunition, blew out all the lights but one, and proceeded to do battle with the enemy through the loopholes in the wall. They were swarming all about us, trying to get in, and thrusting their spears through the chinks and windows; some were in the deserted kitchen; some bombarding the locked-up store. It was an attack in force, and the situation of our little garrison was truly appalling. Jimmy was not with us, and Hero was yelling with the savages outside; poor old Pat was our only defender—Pat and Kate. But Kate was the equal of any man in this dire ex- tremity. 'Fire, Polly, fire!' she called to me, wild with impatience. 'Pat, can't you kill one of them? If we can only frighten them off quickly, we may save them as well as ourselves. They must be near home by this time.' As she spoke, she fired herself, standing back in the room, while the muzzle of the gun met a bone spear-head in the aperture before her. A hideous screech told that the shot had taken effect, upon which she thrust the barrel forward and fired a second charge. The concussion shook the house like an earthquake, but it quieted the noise outside for a moment. 'Go on, Pat,' she whispered eagerly; and Pat blazed away at nothing. So did I. Thus we defended ourselves—or, rather, she defended us—for what seemed a dozen hours, but was probably not more than as many minutes. Then we saw a light outside that was not the light of the fading sky, and heard a little crackling noise, and smelt a pungent smell; and we looked at each other in a dumb agony of despair. 'The divils! they've put a firestick to the roof,' groaned Pat; 'and what'll we do now?' For one awful moment I think even Kate's spirit failed her. I, with a heartbroken cry, threw down my rifle, and caught the baby to my heart. Pat, pouring out prayers and curses, began to tear down the front barricade. 'That's right,' said my sister, seeing what he was doing, and hurriedly charging the empty barrels. 'We must fight them outside and make a way for Mrs. O'Neil and the servants.' And in another minute the old Irishman and the intrepid girl had the door open and were standing on the threshold, each with a gun at the shoulder, firing steadily at the now distinct bodies of their assailants. I saw the arrowy spears slanting across her white dress and over her head (one of them stuck into a pie on the supper-table); and, as the roof blazed up, I saw a red patch grow bigger on her sleeve, and red drops falling from her elbow to her skirt. But she alarmed the enemy—she and Pat—so that they began to break and scatter; and I believe those two would have won the day unaided in about five minutes more. But there was a shout from Mrs. M'Phee and Ann—'Here they are! here they are!' and the thundering hoofs of horses coming along at a tearing gallop struck upon our enchanted ears. The blacks turned tail and ran for their lives; Jimmy came out of his hiding-place in the fowl- house, and, scrambling nimbly up the roof, be- gan to put out the fire with buckets of water that Pat handed up to him; and d'Arcy, Russell, and Pomeroy flung themselves off their smoking steeds, panting and raging like men possessed. I did not faint, strange to say, but Kate did. She stretched out her arms—not to d'Arcy (who, indeed, was fully taken up with me in that first moment), but to the man whom, the last time she saw him, she would not deign to speak to; and when he carried her in to the light, lo! she was lying limp upon his breast, unconscious of her blissful safety and his frantic kisses. But she was not hurt to speak of. No one was hurt. The house was not burned; the store was intact; the supper was not even spoiled; and we had the most delightful Christmas that any of us can remember. I'm afraid it was no festive season for the poor blacks, amongst whom the troopers' carbines were busy for a long time—but we easily managed to forget that. Our guests stayed with us three weeks instead of one, and, thereafter, throughout the summer we were never many days without a visit from one of them. As soon as the weather cooled we formed ourselves and our bullock-drays into one caravan, and went down for a holiday to Brisbane. In the beginning of winter we all came back again —except old Ann. A sad fatality overtook Leigh's cousin and elder brother, and one fine day he found himself an Earl. A few years later d'Arcy and I, by good luck and management, became wealthy; and one pair of us returned to an English hall, and the other to an Irish castle. Last March Kate's eldest daughter, Lady Mary Pomeroy, was presented at Court; this November my only son attained his nineteenth birthday. We are people of note in the great world, and we are rich in diamonds and old lace and other splendid possessions. But often we grow tired of this conventional prosperity, and often we find our- selves looking back longingly to the humble and happy old days. 'Happy old days, indeed!' our children ex- claim derisively. 'When you had to live in huts without windows, and might any day be eaten up by blacks!' 'The blacks were never troublesome but once,' we say, 'and the huts were very cosy. Were they not?' and we look at each other with under- standing eyes. They can't sympathise with us—but their fathers can. 'We were young then,' our noble Earl suggests. 'And life was life,' says d'Arcy. 