Sport Clippings. ■f- . vJ . . . Prince Imperial was supported to wiu, almost twenty thousand pounds. 1 >' ' £2000 (tons the reserve price Jglaced by Mr. Kenton My'Lady, by VeapaBian,the wntier'^f the Hawkosbury 2-year-old Stakeif^ . -' ' ■ Piiii^ei* ImpptiaVa time, 2.35J in the Ilawkesbury Handicap is *boit. of the American record of Luke Blackburn's, 2.84. On Saturday Miller and Whistler are to wrestle GrMco-Roman at Melbourne, for £100 a side. Miller wilt weight 14st. 8 ; Whiter 12st. 4. The three " It's," reading;, 'citing and 'rithmotic, have a good deal to do with a man's position in the world. Three Imvses whose nninoR commence with that l»';ter raced at the Hawkesbury Meeting xvlieu liuven-iwortli, Kapid, and Raven were 1, 2, and 3 in the Ladies' Bracelet. Why is a first man placed six yards from scratch in a handicap P If there is no roan at scratch, why is tho 0 yards man not placed there f Answer—Tho reason tnen are placed so many yards from scratch is to bring the distance' as near as posibletolOO yards, that being considered far enough for maiden sprint runners. In the event of a crack like, say Malone, entering, ho would be placed at scratch. 'When Hutchens did his fwuoue record of 12£seo..1ie ran, in a Sheffield Handicap, only 131$ yards. The . A. J. C. Derby and Leger were won by Kingsborough, R&bingon; Crusoe, Whoatear, Navigator, and Le "Grand; each won both tho blue and red ribands of the A.J.C. Tho dam of Prince Itn rerial (Qeen's Head) meed in Sir Hercules £ ibins n's colours, second to Briseis in tho V.E.C. Derby. The Venn and Alice Hawthorn match was £2000, run on 3rd October, 1857. Veno, ridden by Hig gereon, beat Alice Hawthorn, (Mahon.) Distance three miles; lOst 11, each. When Mr. " Billy " Lang had Pollio (boforo he won the Australian Cup) the foinwn sou of Tim Whiffler was par lieu turiy partial to the practice of standing on his hind legs. One day when the horse was thus indulging, his veteran trainer happened to have a tettle of beer in hi« hand, and, grabbing it by the neck, he bit Pollio ou the back of his head, smashed tho bottle, splashed the contents in tl e Iiorse's oyes, ai.d brought him cowering and trembling, down ou his knees. Ho tievor reared after that. Backers have more than once burnt their fingers by meddling too quickly with the Hon. J. A\ hi'.e's hi r-cs, Maitini Henry for tho year before lust's A.J.C. Derby to wit. Uralla, as a result of past season's record, and sensational galops of {ate, was selected for the Guineas last week, and several wagers of £90 to £60, £150 to £100, &c.;, wore eagerly snapped ■ up as quickly as ottered, puuters imagin ing tho raco was a gift to her. They reckoned without tho owner, who has ■Sjmrtsnum says, stifled their hopes by scratching the filly. Articles have been signed for tho race between Malone and O'Brien for the half cnile Championship of Australia and 200?. There has been some difficulty in arrang ing this match ; but this has been sur tnnuoted, and the event is fixed for 24th October. In consideration of the raco hciug run in Melbourne, Malone is to receive £20 expenses. He will do the greater part of his preparation in N. S. Walos. O'Brien is to train at Kyneton, whither he returned on the 10th. Fosse and Marshall run their five- mile match, for £'50, on the same date and ground. Jt\ sse is the New Zealand ruLner who was defeated by O'Connor in a ten-mile lace, but who ran a dead heat with Marshall in a two hours's Go-as-you please at tho Lyceum Hall, out of which their present match arose. SeWt Life of London expressed a regret that it had no detailed accounts of the various contests for tho championship of England from tbb time of Figg until the fieriod M', Jackson wrested the honour fiom Mendoza, about 95 years since. Authors in this colony fail to trace the ■chamj ionship further back than 1837, when Ned Chalker was tho first acknow ledged champion. Previous to that he fought a big man who adopted the name of Peter Crawley. The first meeting was sat the hack of Torn Cain's, on the Sydney Toad, near IXomcbush, where they were j disturbed. They adjourned to Lumpy Dean's, on the Western-road, about 10 | tniles from Pairamatta, where, after a j prolonged contest, Chalker had immensely | the best, and from that time was regarded J as the acknowledged champion of New j South Wales. Young<George -Stuff often challenged Chalker, and on the 9th Feb ruary, 1643, the battle was won by Huff in 20 rainutos. Clieery, chatty Dicker Hamilton, i will this spring be missed at Randwisk and Flemington for the first time dur ing the past dccadet Better known to tlie ouls'de sporting public as a racy j writer under the nomc de plume of " Niuiroil's Ghost" and " Tout Cela," i Mr. Hamilton for many .years coiifcri-1 butod to (he spotting Press of Austra lia. At Cambridge he established a reputation as the crack bat and oaismau of feis college, and when, about the year 1851, he lauded in South Australia, fee was probably the best all round amateur athlete in Australia. For the past few years he was particularly un lucky in racing and other speculations: but Mr. Hamilton always contrived to find half-a crown for one or other of hi. ' pensioners.' The writer well re tucnsberfiliow, three or tour years back, a broken down squatter, since deceased,. used to weekly waylay Mr. Hamilton to solicit 'the price ot a dinner,' which he invariably got. ' I remember' said .Mr. Hamilton, 1 that-chap in Tasmania nearly thirty years back, when lie was worili as many thousands as I am shil lings, and when he used to drive a cbacli and four right across country, over hedges and ditches or any other obstacle he met with when on the burst.' In the Hons. John Eales and E. K. Cox and Mr. Andrew Town—he had three staunch friends, only one of whom l(Mr. Eules) has survived him. Nearly fifty years back Mr. Hamilton served as an officer in the Austrian anny.~~ Sportsman. , The sensational achievement of Prince Imperial, who won the Hawkes bury Handicap, with a bit in hand, (n 1 2min. 35Jaec., has mode a great many racing men regard the Metropolitan,' and tho Melbourne Cup as a gift for i tho. aristocratic looking son of Eelpio It is worth noting that the Hawkesbury Handicap and Metropolitan double has ouly once been won by the same horse. Mr. Mayo, who has already aohieved three Metropolitan coups (two of them ' with sons of Kelpie), may effect a fourth this year with a Hawkcubury Handicap winner. If . the black, and blue easli is successful flie coincidence tfill be -tetnHrkiible, as Secundus cajv riei! those colours home in frcmt in '79 in '81 Hesperian was victorious, in '83 The Gem landed tlieui byhalfa head, and to cany out the sequence Prince Imperial should be victorouB next Tues day.—Sportsman. Ritualism-—On Sunday Dr. Jefferis delivered an' eloquent address in the Pitt strep t church. He took up the Suibj"ects of the bastard ritualism and sacerdotalism {practised J by that sec tion i>f (lie Anglican Church which, though nominally Protestant delights iu a vreak imitation cf the Roman Catholic faith. We quote a portion of the discourse:—" (1) Ritualism jasserts tlie dogma of a human priesthood. For long years,in the history of our empire Protestantism has been progressive. The {fee thought and religious liberty produced by it have contribute d in no small degree to our national prosperity, By many Utiglisli Christians outside the'Church cf Rotpe the Reformation is despised, the nanm Protestant is ab horred. The hierarchical system, with all its astounding demands upon Chris ti& i men, is again soug'it to be set up. First and foiemost in this system is tbe teaching that the Christain minis ter is a priest, endowed by God with solemn aud supernatural attributes, empowered to stand between God und man witli authority of a most divine order. And hence we have here in Australia, as well as in Englaud, the spectacle of youths fresh from college claiming to be investe 1 with a high •official sancity, and to wield ceit in divine and mysterious powers ; and we have the yet more sorry spectacle of Christian people loving to have it so. There is no doubt about the progress that has been made. ' Of 20,000 clergymen,' said Dr. Littledale, one of the foremost champions of Ritualism, ' more tha i one-half be-long to tbe high Church party.' I will not conceal from you my admiration for very many of these men. They have evinced a spirit of self-sacrifice, a devotion not only to their own o>d?r, but to the best inter ests of the people, which has evoked national praise. But admiration of their conduct must not blind us to the f fleets of their teaching. The Ritualist maintains Jiat the symbolic institutions of Jie law are continued under the Gospel, that the Lord's Supper is a sac rificial rite, that there is need of an altar in the Christian temple, aud that tbe Christian minister is a priest duly appointed to offer upon that altar the sacrifice of Christ Hiiuself. He regards the Christian priest as belonging to a privileged class, sejiarate 1 from all others not aloue by the functions of his office, but b) the possesion of special rank. lie is one of an order in the Christian commonwealth, created by the divine grace of apostolical succes ioti, with a line of spiritual nobility ' as clear »s that of hereditary descent.' And you know (for it is not mere mat ter of assertion, but of fact) you know the. ill-concealed ecclesiastical disdain with wlri-ib they regatd all ministers who have not received, like themselves, episcopal ordination. 1 heir orders are irregular. Their teachir g is schismatic. Their ministry is a delusion. Talents, learning, piety, aptness to teach, elec tion to office bj Christian men, proofs of success in changed heart sand lives— t)ll these go for nothing. The orders of the Greek Church are valid. The orders of the Roman Church are valid. But the so-called orders of the Luther ans, the Presbyterians, tbe Methodists, the Congregationalists are utterly false and invalid. I scarcely deem it worth while seriously to argue against this figment of apostolical succession, and the dogma of the human priesthood which is joined to i*. But I venture to cite, as a. wituess against it, th? testi mony of one of the most learned of Anglican divines, a bishop, an arch bishop even :—' There is not a minister in all Christendom who is able to trace up, with any approach to certainty, bis own spiritual pedigree. The implied sacramental virtue is dependent on the imposition of hands by a bishop, him self duly consecrated, after having been baptised and ordained. We read of bishops consecrated when mere child ren, of illiterate and profligate laymen admitted to holy orders, and, in short, of the pievalence of every kind of dis order. And yet, if a single litik of the chain be faulty, this sacramental vir tue must he utterly nullified ever after in respect of all the links that hang upon that one.' (3) Ritualism asserts the dogma of the real presence. Few things in Christian worship are more popularly impressive, and yet what more sad than the Ritualistic mode of celebrated the Lord's supper ? Recall the scriptural account of its institution. What could be more quiet ard simple 1 Listen to tbe following from the ' Di lectorium Anglicannm': —'* If the Eucharist hath fall -n to the ground, the place where it lay must be scraped and fire kindled thereon, and the ashes received beside the altar. If the blood have dropped upon the altar, the drop must be sucked up, und the piiest must do penance for three days. If the drop have penetrated through tbe linen cloth, he must do penance for four days.' These and a multitude of other particulars may be read at large, i<ot I in a Roman Catholic book of directions, but in one issued by the High Church party in the Church of England." Yet I they receive emoluments as Protstants I 