%U $xübm (Summ. SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1886. ALTHOUGH all instant danger of war has passed away, the efforts made to prepare the colonies for defence will not have been wasted if they are continued until fairly complete. It must be evident now even to those who were in the, habit of^ridieuling the martial preparations of the colonists that those preparations .ore necessary. Our position a fortnight ago^was one of extreme danger. Although"the threatened war was with a State which as a maritime Power is only of the second or third rank, we found ourselves thrown mainly on our own resources for defence. The Imperial squadron on our coast was too small to guard our towns from raids by any Russian cruisers that might evade the watchfulness of the British warships on the China or India stations. We have seen that such an evasion was quite possible, and we have had the unpleasant fact brought home to us, that if we, by our own efforts, could not beat the sea rovers off, we might have to pay the penalty of being at once rich and defenceless. It is true that the Imperial Government made strenuous efforts to increase their force at sea, and in a few months the merchant steamers, fitted with guns, would have so largely supple- mented the regular warships on the Indian, Chinese, and Australian stations that the Russian ^cruisers would havo been driven off the sea. The danger lay in the fact that the improvised cruisers were only being prepared, and if war had broken out in April, as it nearly did, the Russians would have^had some weeks' start of the ships intended to lookjafter them. The present peaceful arrangement is of uncertain duration. It would be simple folly to suppose that in the present temper of England and Russia the danger even of speedy war has entirely passed away, and our telegrams inform us that warlike pre- parations continue in Great Britain. But whether the war comes soon or is delayed for a year or two, it is almost certain that the Empire will have to defend itself.'against foreign attack. The very nature of the present surrender makes this certain. Months ago the German Press, com- menting on the negotiations then going for the settlement of Egyptian finances declared that the British were always ready to give way if firmly con- fronted, and it need hardly be said that late events must have established that opinion throughout Europe. It is probable now that the Continental Governments will proceed on the assumption that England, however much she may protest and threaten, will not fight, and we cannot tell how soon something may occur which will tempt them to act on the theory. A financial arrange- ment has just been concluded in Egypt which will almost certainly lead to disputes between Great Britain and the Powers who are joint guarantors of the new loan. Apart altogether from Afghanistan, there are many questions on which a quarrel may arise, and with the British people on the one hand smarting under a sense of humiliation, and the Continental Powers on the other persuaded that England will not maintain by force of arms any position she has taken up, the danger of war is very great. The Crimean war would never have been fought if the Emperor Nicholas had not persuaded himself that England was irrevocably com- mitted to a peace at any price policy. We cannot, therefore take to ourselves the com- fortable assurance that we shall be free from danger hereafter, or even that we may put aside defence preparations as matters that may stand aside until we feel disposed to deal with them. We should go on till we have completed the work and then we may watch the progress of events in Europe with equanimity. It is neither good for us nor likely to secure our« future safety for foreigners to know that when danger came it found us hastily improvising defences that should have been completed long ago, and telegraphing for arms and ammunition that should have been m stock or easily attainable. There is little danger that the Govern- ments of the colonies will suspend the fortifications they have commenced or are carrying on, but there is some danger that they will neglect to repair one very grave deficiency in our system of defence. Not only here but throughout Australia the alarm of war found us dangerously deficient in small arms and ammunition. These «tores are on their way, aud as things have turned out they will be hero in time; but when we remember that if »var had broken out in April the Russians would now be attempting whatever they intended to do on our coasts, it will be seen that we have run A very serious risk. It will not do to trust to importation of these warlike neces- saries. If it had been one Government only which found itself shoit, we might have held that it was a case of exceptional negligence, but when ali the Governments were iii the same predicament, we can see how little dependence is to be placed on their care in the future. It is nothing less than absurd that a population of nearly 3,000,000 people should have no other means of procuring rifles or ammunition than by importation from the other side of the world. The predicament we wer», in impressed itself on our Premier, who ctW municated with the other colonies on the subject and, we believe, threw out the sug- gestion of an Australian establishment for the manufacture of arms. There has, how- ever, been no reply to his representations. The subject should not bo allowed to drop. It would not, perhaps, be advisable to try the manufacture of cannon at the begiuuiug, because that is a special and very expensive branch of the industry, but there should be a factory where small arms aud ammunition of every sort could be prepared. Oiie such establishment would suffice for all the colo- nies, and the cost of its maintenance would not involve the different Governments in any very great expense. Large sums are now being spent in the purchase of war material, and these sums, with au addition for the maintenance of a staff of skilled workmen, would pufiice. -We venture to hope thit Mr. Griffith will again press the conside- ration of this matter on the other colonies, I and if New South Wales should, in pur suance of the unhappy policy of isolation* which she has adopted, prove unwilling to . fall in with the suggestion, the other colonies might act on it by themselves. It is a matter which, if we had a federal body, would naturally fall under their care, but it is much too uigent for us to allow it to lie over until such a body is formed. We do not. want to have to fear again tho danger of imminent war with the knowledge that our supply of ammunition is strictly limited, and that it cannot be supplemented except by importations from the other side of the world. AMONGST the many interesting articles in. the Economist's " Commercial History and. Review of 1884 " is one on the "Production of the Precious Metals iu 1884," which is taken from Bradstroot'a Journal, and cannot fail to arrest attention. After alluding to . the vital importance to the world at large of the production of precious metals, the article goes on to say :-" The bulk of the world's gold is produced in North America,, Australia, and New Zealand, theëgold, mines of Siberia contributing a very con- siderable amount annually, but not enough to change the general conditions of universal production. Since the discovery of gold in California and Australia industrial con- ditions have been practically revolutionised,. and it is therefore all important to know whether the yield of gold coutinues - sufficient for the world's requirements in the arts and for money. The gauge of all is furnished by the annual output of gold and silver in the United States, the vast mineral belt lying west of the Missouri River being, the grand field of mining operations." Tho foregoing remarks seem to suggest that there are indications of diminution in the output which supply grounds for apprehension aa < to the requirements of the world being pro- vided, and it will be seen presently that this is really the case. Yet the possibility of any such contingency arising at once recalls the opinion which was entertained by some people not very many years ago,, that the gold product was in excess of the demand, and that unless some of the rich fields gave way, the value of gold must eventually suffer a reduction. However it is unnecessary to discuss what might have been, for all probability of an excessive supply has vanished, aud it is rather a ques- tion now as to whether the yield will be sufficient unless some richer fields are dis- covered before very many years have passed. "Were it not for the very extensive circula- tion of silver in some of the Continental. countries as well as in the United States, the diminishing supply of gold might be felt more than is now the case. It was, until a few months ago, supposed that the gold. production in the United States would' be less for the year 1884, but this seems to have been a mistake and Mr. Burchard, director of the mint, now says that " there can be no question, but that nearly thirty-one millions of gold (dollars, that is) were obtained from the mines of the United States during the last calendar year." This, no doubt, is a large amount ; it is over 33,000,000 more,.than the yield for 1883, but there has nevertheless been a steady decline for several years, as is shown by a table which is given. From this it appears that the value of the gold which was produced in the United States in 1870 was §33,750,000. For the next seven years there was a steady rise, and in 1877 the produce of the mines was §44,880,223 ; but since that time the decline has been as marked as the increase had been previous to 1877\. In 1878 there was a fall of over $7,300,000 ; in 1879 a further fall of more than $6,100,000 ; in 1880 there was again an increase, the yield for that year being $32,559,067, but next year there was a further fall, and for each succeeding year until 1884, the return for 1883 being $27,816,640. As lias been already suggested, however, there was an enor- mous increase during the same term in the production of silver. lu 1870 the value of silver raised in the United States was $17,320,000. The amount increased each year willi great rapidity undi 1877, when the return was valued at $45,846,109. This is the highest yield, with the exception of 1882, when the value is placed at $48,133,039 ; but at no time since then has it been less than $37,000,000, and last year it is estimated at $43,529,925. One of the consequences of this enormous output of silver has bjen to reduce its actual though not its legal value in the States, and the action of the Government in forcing its circulation has been to drive the gold coinage out of the country, lu a letter to some members of Congress, President Cleveland refers to the financial difficulty which is thus threatened. In consequence of the operation of the Coiuage Act, he says, "all the vaults of the Federal Treasury have been, and are, heaped full of silver coins, which are now worth less than 85 per cent of the gold dollar prescribed as the unit of value in section 14 of the Act of 12th February, 1873, and which with the silver certificates representing such coin, are receivable for all public dues. Beiug thus receivable, while also constantly increasing in quantity at the rate of $28,000,000 a year, it has followed, of necessity, that the flow of gold into the Treasury has been steadily diminished. Silver and silver certificates have displaced, and are now displacing, gold, and the sum of gold iu the Federal Treasury now available for the payment of the gold obli- gations of the United States, and for redemption of tho United States notes called 'greenbacks,' if not already encroached upon, is perilously near such encroachment." From the above it is evident that the country which produces so much of the gold which circulates throughout the world would bo compelled to retain much more for her own use weie it not for the artificial value which tho law of the land attaches to silver, aud if the President's recom- mendation to suspend the purchase and coinage of silver should be adopted, this will be oue of its consequences. But the decieasing j ¡eld of gold is by no means confined to the States. In Queensland there Ima been more activity on the chief goldfields for the last year or so, but the total yield of gold for 1883 was only 212,783oz, not much more than two-thirds the return for 1878. In New South Wales the pro-luce for 1883 was 122,256oz., only a little shoit of that of 1877, but less than for anv year previous to 1877 sines the dis- covery of gold, and" very much less than the return for moat of the earlier years. Victoria exhibits a similar re- cord, the annual yield being now sonicwheie about 800,000oz. The return for 1856 was 2,985,735oz., and the yield was nlwavs abaWSKWiUioa^ntU'WA ^T ' for the first time sinco-the year of ite discovery it fell.to 969,7.609a.- New« Zealand is also producing less^old,^iid the quantity exported in ,1883 shows ,a further decrease nver that of pieceding years, being only two diirds of the export of 1877. It.is difficult £i ascertain ton,' New' Zealand official statistics what the present return really is, in consequence'ef Xhe i ii completeness and the staleness-ïf we may use the term-of the records that are given. According to Hayter's Victiman Year Book for 1883-4, the total yield «f gold for the Australasian Colonies up to 1881 in°uie»ve was 73 497,36ßoz.; that for 1882 wasl,S53,542oz.; hut to have been equal to the average since the discovery of gold in Australia it ought to have been 2,370,882oz. These figures are significant and suggest an inquiry as to where the increasing requirements of the world are to come from in the future. How large a part the United Statesaud Australia have taken in the supplying of gold is indi catedjin a table from Mulhall's Dictionary of Statistics which is quoted by Hayter. From this it appears that the value of gold produce of the world, 1830 to 1880, Las been from the undermentioned countries : Spanish America, $310,000^000 j United States, .£286,000,000 ; Australia, ,£258,000,000; Russia, £173,000,000 ; Brazil, ¿£145,000,000 ; Africa, £104,000,000 ; Austria, ¿£65,000,000 ; and other cou tries, ¿£107,000,000. _^ THE Colonial Seoretary has boen notified by the Agent-General by cablegram that three steamers conveying immigrants have recently sailed from England for Queensland ports. Two of theao carry 300 immigrants each, and the third 400. THE preparations of tho working plans and tracings for the new Public Offices are being pushed on by the Colonial Architect's Depart- ment with all cossible speed. Thrie complete sets of tracings are being made, as it ia in- tended to call for tenders in Sydney and Mel- bourne, as well as in this colony. This actually involves the preparation of ninety-six separate tracings. A great difficulty haa been experi- enced in obtaining the services of competent draughtsmen. The specification is also being prepared by the Colonial Architect, who hopes to be able to call for tenders either at tho close of May or early in June. THE troopa down at Lytton aro still working steadily, and at present have received no in- structions that they will be recalled in view of the prospect of peace. Good water has been struck at no great depth, and a windmill is to bo erected for raising it. The water, which is of excellent quality, will bo utilised in filling the moat lound the fort. In the grounds of the Queensland National Association twenty meu are under canvas-ten from the Briabano Field Artillery and ten from tho Ipswich Battory. The whole are under the charge of Liento íant Hely of the Brisbane Battery. There aro alaoabout thirty of the newly-purchased horses, which are accom- modated for tho prcaent in tho atalla belonging to the association. Theae latter are really fino animals, and may be seen any day parading in the Exhibition grounds. A CALL of the Municipal Council will bo held on Monday, the 18th day of May, 18S5, at 4.30 p.m., to rescind so much of the resolution of the Council of 11th November, 1879, fixing the permanent level of Adelaide-street as refers to that portion of the street between Wharf-street and Queen-street, Fctrio's Bight. THE General Assembly of the Queensland Presbyterian Church, which has held ita sederunts at the Creek-atreot Church during the week, will probably terminate its labours thia forenoon. During the week several matters which will have an important bearing on the future of tho Church in this colony have been discussed. Prominent amongst these is the proposal to organise a sustentation fund, the establishment of a Presbyterian College and Divinity Hall, the federation of the Church with tho Presbyterian ladies in the other colonies, and the appoint- ment and definition of the duties of evange- lists, upon all of which the Assembly has j given deliverances. last' night the Rev. Dr. Hay gavo an interesting account of his visit to j the home churches, and the part he took in the celebrations of the supreme courts of the I Church in England, Scotland, and Ire- ! land. Thia morning's sederunt will bo occupied , with overtures from presbyteries and lessons which are yet to be disposed of, and other ! business of a more or less formal character. j Al tho instance of the Finance Committee the Municipal Council, on Monday last, de- < cided to bring under the notice of the Colonial ! Treasurer the fact that in consequence of the ' council having undertaken the work of re- ; moving house and trade refuse, and also the ' cleansing of earth-closets, &c;, attached to premises within the city, a large amount of money has been required for such servicer, and aa a very small proportion of the rates are paid in during the first four months of the year, there was already a considerable over- draft at tho bank, and further, that there- fore the Colonial Treasurer be applied to for payment of the second instalment of the en- dowment on general rates for 1884, and not payable in the ordinary way until July. Since the meeting on Monday the mayor has carried out the wishes of the council, and applied for an advance payment of tho endowment. The Government, it is understood, have, however, declined to make the amount (over £8000) available at once, and havo intimated that it cannot bo paid to the council until July. AT the School of Arts lecture-room last night, Professor Pepper delivered his popular lecture on the gases. The attendance was fair, and the lecturer was, at frequent inter vals, loudly applauded. The general, physical, and chemical properties of the various gases were lucidly explained. The professor dwelt upon the indstructibility of matter. In illus- ' trating the beautiful colour which nitric acid was capable of producing, the lecturer pointed out the resemblance the colour bore to the after-glow which lately exercised the public mind to such an extent, and occasioned a great amount of, speculation in scientific circles. He had his own theory on this phenomenon which he had hitherto reserved to himself, and his opinion always had been that nature had such gases stored in her bosom con- taining the elements of the acid mentioned which caused the extraordinary effulgence re- cently observed after sunset. The lecture was illustrated by many excellent experiments, which were efficiently conducted by Mr. Harry Pepper. Before leaving the platform Professor Pepper said for once more in his life he intended giving an exhibition of the renowned "ghost," the date of which would be duly announced. He hoped that when years had passed the people of Queensland would remember him as they did in England as one who had tried to do his best to give his life for the love of science. The n< xt lecture will, bo delivered in about, afortnithr, by tho gentleman who eontribu/es on literary subjects to a local contemporary unde fen. iiow^ de plums of " Veisoniwau." The subject wil* ko "Iiitsrary Prisoners und their Prison poks." ' THE mcmbersof tho Scottish Rifle Corps will 1 meet at the railway station this afternoon at 3 o;clock for the purpose of signing their names and- tendering their services to the Comman- dant. THE ordinary council meeting oE the Queensland Rino Association was held last evening at the Brigade Office. There were present« Sergeants Hobday and Clacker, In spector Lewis, Mr. E. Holloway, Sergeant Fryar, Corporal Eddison, Private Phillips,' and the secretary, Sergeant-Major Hinton. The correspondence having beon read, a few accounts were passed for payment It' was resolved that a badgo bo forwarded to Private M'Donald, of Toowoomba, as the one ho was entitled to as a successful competitor in the Queen's Prire at the last tnoeting had been either lost or mis- laid. Sergeant Fryar and Privato Phillips were requested to make a model of a " disap- pearing roan target" for Colonel Drury's prize competition at the next annual meeting. The collection of prices for the Licensed Victuallers and Merchants' prize matches was left in tho hands of the secretary. Some other matters in relation to the programme for tbo forthcoming contests wero arranged, after which the meet- ing adjourned. Strong efforts are being made hy the council to induce the trustees of tho Victoria Park to kindly allow tho matches to tako place on the rifle range thoro in Sep- tember. MR. GRAHAM HAYQARTH has been appointed handicapper for the remainder of the handi- caps in connection with the Q.T.O. Autumn meeting. The handicaps aro to bo published in our text issue. As previously announced, Miss Geneviève Ward and Mr. W. H. Vernon will appear at the Theatre Royal on Monday, 25th May, opening in " Forget Me Not." Their agent, Mr. Liddy has already arrived in town, and the subscription list will be opened on and after Monday next at Beale and Co.'s music warehouse. AMONO the passeDgors for Queensland by the Orient liner Austral, which sailed for Sydney from Plymouth on 18th April, is Captain John 'Androw Grieve, RA., formerly of tho Scottish Division of tho Garrison Artillery, and stationed at the depot of the 1st Brigade, Leith. He received his commission ¡ as a lieutenant on 29th April, 1873, and was promoted to a captaincy on tbo 21st July, 1882\. As already notified by cablegram, this officer has been appointed to the commaud of A Battery, Permanent Artillery, in the Queens- land Defcnco Force. On his doparture from England the War Office authorities granted him the local rank of major. The Austral is reported to havo left Suez on tbo 1st instant, and Major Grieve may thoreforo bo expected to arrivo in Brisbane early next month. A CRICKET match which has been looked forward to with much pleasure, will tako place at Kedron Park to-day between a ¿team of " Bohemians" and one selected from the members of Dunning's Opera Company. A drag and wagg mette, to convoy the players, will leave M'Lcnnon'a stables at 1 o'clock. Names of the Bohemian tcam',appear in another column. CAPTAIN JOHN CLARK who has for many years been in command of vessels trading be- tween Melbourno and Gippsland Lakc3, has recently been e ia ployed by Messrs. Win. Howard Smith & Sons, in examining tho South Passage, with tho view of ascertaining whether or not it was possible for seagoing vessels to leave and onter tho port by this now disused route. Part of the work was done in a sailing craft, and tho remainder in the steamer Ellen, recontly purchased by the firm, to be used as a tender between Flat-top Island and Mackay. Captain Clark has made the follow- ing report to the inauaging director of tho firm:-"Left Brisbane in the Ellen at 2p.m. on Saturday lust, and carno toanchorat 6.30p.m. same day. Sunday, 6 a.m., got underway, and steamed through Bous Channel, sounding at the entrance of channel lift, at three- quarters flood ; arrived at the bar at 11.30, but the sea being too high, and it being then ebb tide, re- turned and anchored. Monday, 7 a.m., steamed through North Channel, sounding on each side. Found this channel had altered very much ; sounded 9ft. on the bar, and carno through the Middle Channel where I found 10ft. water on the bar. Steamed through tho South-east Channel, and there found 14ft. on the bar at three-quarters flood. Sounded across the bar, and found 14ft. all ovor. Returned and sounded all over the edge of tho bank, finding no depth less than 14ft. At 7 a.m, on Tuesday steamed through the North Channel, Middle Channel, and South-east Channel, at about half flood. Soundings for North Channel 9ft., Middle Channel 10ft, South- east Channel 14ft., making due allowances for tho sea whilst sounding, wind strong from east-south-east. Sea 3 at noon, "We returned taking soundings all the way in, and found the same 14ft. at very low tide on beach. Wednes- day steamed through Rainbow Channel, where the soundings at low water averaged from 18ft. to 22ft. According to appearances and sound- ings, I consider the South-east Channel navi- gable for vessels having a draught of 13ft, but would recommend that soundings be token occasionally, which is rendered necessary owing to the probability of the bar shifting during easterly weather." Upon receiving this report Mr. Walter S. Smith, the managing director of the firm, interviewed tho Colonial Trea- surer, who promised to have the channel sur- veyed. OPENING services of the new Presbyterian church, Warner-street, Fortitude Valley, will be held to-morrow. A tea meeting will tako place at the Valley Hall on Tuesday and a public meeting afterwards in the church. IN Chambers yesterday morning, before his Honour the Chief Justice, in the matter of Dobson v. Watson, Mr. Mansfield (instructed by Mr. O. B. Lilley), for the plaintiff, and Mr. E. M. Lilley (instructed by Mr. Roberts), for the claimant Bowen, and Mr. Chambers for the defendant, the prosecutor appeared on the return of an interpleader order nist granted on 29th April. An order was made that Dobson ' andjBoweninterpIead, and that the issue be tried « at the next Civil Sittings whether the money paid into court by Watson was due from him ' to Dobson (plaintiff) or to Bowen (defendant). AT the thirty-fourth annual commemoration of the Sydney University held last Saturday, tho Dean of the Faculty for Medicine presented both the Kenwick Scholarship and the Ken- wick medal to Mr. Peter Bancroft Mr. Ban- croft, who is a nephew of Dr. Bancroft, of this city, accompanied the latter gentleman some five or six years ago from England, anti shortly afterwards pursued his studies under the direction of Mr. R. T. Gowdy. He has for the last two years been studying medicine at the Sydney University, where Queens landers will be pleased to hear of his brilliant success. IN our advertising columns will be found the synopsis of Mr, George Augustus Sala's initial lceture, to be given in the Town Hall on Tues- day evening next On this occasion the Hon. S. W. Griffith will preside. On Wednesday evening, the occasion of Mr. Sala's second lecture, bis Excellency the Governor will bo present, Bnd the chair will be taken by Sir Charles Lilley, Chief Justice ; the subject being-"Shows and Pageants, and famous People I have sce-n and met" On the following Friday Sir Thomas M'llwraith will preside at hil discourse upon "Wars, Revolution», and Tumults." Mr. Sala's knowledge of tho in- ternal government and polity of Rusiia is baaed upon personal inquiry, as representativo of the London Daily Telegraph during six misi sions for th..f. jnnrnal. Mr. Brown«, the manager for Mr. Sala, has taken special trea- sures, we understand, for the comfort of patrons to the hall 