Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—HUDIBRAS. A WOMAN may be as truer as steel, but then you know some steel is too highly tempered. " Silence is goldon," says the proverb. It some times conveys, ulso, just a suggestion of guilt. Mrs. Partington, dear old lady, says there are Tery few people nowadays who suffer from 'sug gestion of the brain. German Joke.—Military Examiner: "What must a man be to be buried with military honours?" Recruit: "Dead." A fair poetes3 aays: " I've found what your silence is." She probably refers to her request to the editor to return her manuscript. Pennsylvania, New York, and Maine now prohibit the sale of bogus bufer. The retgn of oleomargarine has been short and suet. Why is it dangerous to be out in springl. Because the grass has blades, the flowers pistil* the leaves shoot, and the bullrushes out. " The philosophy of one century is the common sensa of the next." This would seem to indicate that the last century was sadly deficient in philosophy. Tims is always represented carrying a scythe, and we suppose he will continue to carry this primitive agricultural implement until time shall be no mower. Judge : " How old are you, madam?" Witness s " I have no personal knowledge of my age, an* hearsay testimony, I understand, is not accepted! in this court." The Now York Assembly (says the Phila delphia Call) has fixed the price or gas by law at $150 cents per 1000 ft., but it can't regulate the speed of gas meters. • " Write on one side of tho paper only,' remarked the editor to the poetical contributor: "It is easier to read, and we can use the other side to write editorials on." An Arizona man has stopped taking an agricul tural paper. He wrote to tho editor asking how to get rid of gnats. The answer came in the next issue of the paper—"Kill them." A boy, presented with a pie to share with his sister, was told that in outtingit he must give her the larger part. Reflecting a moment, be passed the pie to his sister with the remark, " You out it 1 The following advertisement recently appeared in a Bremen journal:-"A young gentleman on the point of getting married is desirous of meettaff a man of exoerience who will dissuade him from such a step." " Doctor. I'm worried about my husband! Do you think him seriously ill ?" "To the best of my judgment, madam, he is suffering from gastritis/ "I knew it. I told him his trouble was from fooling with that gas meter yesterday." A litti.k girl, aged nine, called her father to her bedside the other evening. " Papa," said the little diplomat, "I want to ask your ad vice." "Well, mydear, what is it about r " Wbatdo you think it will be best to give me on my birthday!" Jonfb (who sometimes drinks to excess): " I was coming home from the club last night and I saw a ghost 10ft. tall Surprised, are your Brown: " No, not in the least. I wouldn't be sur prised at anything you saw coming home from the club." An epicure says that in order to get the true flavour of butter the bread must be put in the mouth with the buttered Bide down. We suppose that this is not recommended after a slice ha* fallen on a sanded floor in the position usually called bottom-side up. " Little boy, do you understand what is meant by energy and enterprise?" "No, sir, I don't think I do." " Well. 1 wiH tell you. One of the riohest men came here without a shirt to his back, and now he has got millions." "Millions! How many does he put on at a timo ?" "Do you know a man by the name of Legion V inquired Dumley of a friend. "Legion? No, I never heard of him." " Jenkins told me last night that I had been called the biggest fool on earth, and when I demanded the man's name he Bald It was Legion. I'm looking for him." A coloured preacher remarked: "When God made de fust man he sat him ud agin de fenco to dry," "Who made de fence?" interrupted an eager listener. " Hut dat man out t" exclaimed the coloured preacher. " Such questions as dat 'd destroy all de theology in de world." Woman entera grocery store in Arkansas; "What can I do for you, madam?" asks the grocer. " I hardly know what I want. Let me see. We are all going to give our minister a pound of something. I declare- well, just give me a pound of anytnlng, it makes no difference." Customer: "Gimme a little good whisky." Barkeeper: " All right." Customer (catching his breath after drinking): " Wha-what's that glass thing hanging on the wall, there?" Barkeeper: "That? That's a fire extinguisher." Customer (with enthusiasm): " Thank heaven there's one at hand. Turn it into me, quick.'' When a pale-eyed tramp takes me by the hand and tells me how he has journeyed from Nova Scotia to aeo me (says; Bill Nyc) I perpetrate a little coop de tat on him by asking him if he has a dollar in his clothes that I could borrow until nex week. After that there 1b a lull in the conversa tion that you could out with a knife. "Are them real caonibals?" inquired a countryman as he gazed on the wonders of a Milwaukee dime mu-ieum — "real cannibals Well, d'ye know what I'd do with 'em if this was my show?" "No; what?" "I'd starve 'em for three or four days, an' then turn 'em loose on the rest of the actors. I just saw the stage per oimance. FirzoAY appeared on the street, when the ther mometer was 82° in the shade, with a pair of ear muffs adorning the tsido of his head. "Hallo!" said a friend. "What's the matter? Aren't afraid of your ears being frostbitten, are you?" " Oh, Na-a-w; not at all. thanks. Went to a con cert last night. Don't want any of the harmony to escape, ye know." There is a coloured preacher who lives near Jasper, Ga., that rules his horse by butting him. If the horse is fractious or stubborn ho takes the kin kit out by deliberately seizing it by the ears and butting it squarely in the forehead until it falls to its knees. This it generally does at the second or third butt, when the old parson step* behind and drives again. During a very tedious ride on a Southern rail road in America the passengers, tired, dirty, and thirsty, all berated the company with the excep tion of one single passenger. His fellow passen gers commented on this, and asked him why ha didn't denounce tho road too. "It would be hardly fair." he replied, "as I am travelling on a free pass; but if they don't do better pretty Boon, blame inn if I don't go out and buy a ticket and join you." A London waiter was both witty and sarcastic! and didn't know the fact. " Did you call that a vealcutlot, waiter T said an exquisite, one of the most delicate typo even in that fivourito region of exquisites—the West End. "Why. sir, such a real cutlet as that ih an insult to every self-re specting calf in tho British Empire 1" The waiter hung his head in very shame for a moment, and then replied in the language of humblest apology, "I really didn't intend to insult you, sir." " I went to see a French opera while I was in Now Orleans." said an old fellow who had just returned from tho Exposition. " Very fine, very fine, indeed. I tried to catch ore of tho tunes, but, as I don't understand French. I couldn't get hold of it. Oh. yea. opera s very good, but 1 can staler along very well without it. If I ain't particular about see-in' a show. I'd juat as «.oon go to an opera as a funeral, but when I want to lay right down and enjoy mvßelf 1 go to a circus. Ah, there's nothing like a brass bora and a hose,'*' 