SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. RACING. The Sale Turf Clubs winter meeting takes place on Wednesday t), and OB the acceptances are pretty numerous there will doubtless be a large assemblage, not only of Gipps Land district sportsmen, but from Melbourne as well for the convenience of Melbourne visitors excursion tickets will be granted by this afternoons train to Sale and also on Wednesday morning. The latter train (G 42 a in. from Prince s bridge), will be in time for the first race Members of the Victorian Tattersall's Club are again reminded that the annual meeting of the members will be held this afternoon, at 4 o'clock 'The business includes the reception of balance sheet, revision and albert tion of rules, and election of committeemen Civic inconvenience and annoyance was caused to visitors to the Geelong races who intended travelling by the fast train on Saturday morning The Government advertisement, which appeared in J It* Argus on the levels) and Thursday previous, stated that the time of starting the train in question was Owners, and it was so announced in our news columns on Saturday The actual time, however, it seems, was 10.10 and although the train was detained for some minutes a few passengers were left behind On referring to the Government copy of the advertisement, we find that the figures are 10 50 The entries for next Saturday's Moonee Valley meeting are about the most numerous since the opening of the popular suburban course. The Melbourne Cup acceptances were anxious!) awaited on Monday afternoon, principally by reason of its having been rumoured that Commotion would be with drawn During the morning 10 to 1 was said that the champion would be an acceptor, and such turned out to be the case. The number of withdrawals yesterday was 27, which, with the five previously scratched, makes a total of 32, leaving 1 JJ in the original with drawers were Silvermine, King of the Gipsies, Revenge, Duke of Athol, and Stench) and Yesterday s non acceptors were Conjecture, Zeno, Free Trade, Hastings Pavo, Rufus, Capri, Quality, Glimmer, Boadicea, Ellwood, Gardenia, Silver king 1 Fernside, Dirk Hat track, the teacher, Cincinnatus Anchorite, Moonshee, Burrildii, Archie, Nep calling, First Demon, Garfield, Hazard, Waverley, and Gasconade. First Demon was struck out of the Caulfield Cup yesterday Wagering on the V R C Derby and Melbourne Cup yesterday set in in earnest. For the classic race 1,000 to 80 was taken about Dunlop and 'J Thunderbolt, whilst the same price was taken and wanted about Nordenfeldt Newstead was also well supported at 5 to 1, and 9 to 2 was the best offer At closing Liv crpool's name came into prominence for the Melbourne Cup, 1,000 to 20 being booked, after which 1,000 to 30 was wanted Coronet was in demand, and 1,000 to CO would have been taken, but 100 to 6 was the extent to which layers were inclined to go Dunlop was, however, coupled with Coronet for the Derby and Cup at 1,000 to 5 to win quite 25,000, and 1 OOO to 8 was wanted about Newstead and Coronet. At the Victorian Club, in the evening, by Welcome Jack was introduced for the Caulfield Cup, first at 100 to 1 to the extent of 35 000, and the same amount was subsequently booked at CO to 1. Hurricane was befriended at 1,000 to 30, after which 1,000 to 40 was the best offer Achraet'a name was also written down for the Derby at 50 to 1 to the extent of a couple of thousands MELBOURNE CUP ACCEPTANCES rJ he following horses were left in the Melbourne Cup yesterday - MELBOURNE CUP Of 20 sovs each 16 ft, with 1000 added The handicap Height of the winner of the AJC, or VRC Derby to be not less than 7st Gib, and the winner of any h indican race of the value of 100 Sovs after the declaration of the weights to carry all over of any such race of the value of 200 sovs Gib extra of any such race of the value of COO sons, "lb extra penalties not cumulative c The second horse to receive 300 sovs. and the third 300 sets out of the stake. Two miles. Second forfeit (5 sovs ) to be declared and paid to the secretary of the V.R.C., A.J O. SAJO area before 4 p.m. on the Tuesday preceding the race or the i in! ímtorOlll bellablo.for balance of sweepstakes, 15 SOVS (led subs ) Commotlpa Sa nil us Tasman The Hunger Reginald Vanguard Off Colour Mel till Cilma 1 r> minian Ulli k Bonny On less Mozart Mad mp Lord W Ilton Tom Brown Trenton Kit Nubbles Coriolanus. Sheet Anchor Veryy Bristol Nun stead Kin., a Own Coronet the Broker The Israelite UoBuorth Warwick St Lawrence Hontndow Plausible Helene Acolito 1 Precious Stone Monte Christo M Illeroo 1 rod also Kathleen Copra Pro mothers Impulse Privateer Dunlop Thunderbolt G race Darling s Stornaway July Court to Roy A doors do mutton Lantern III j points Manchester St, John Ruby DOa]K>t Astrea Junior Lord Exeter Tarpeia Kinifshin The Andes 7 9 7 7 11 7 11 7 11 7.10 7.10 st lb Brown and Ross 7 0 Firmer prime Minister Sunni Bay s Matchlock Nordenfelt The 1 encll Fish a bill cr Lennox Courtier Oxford Prince Imperial Jocular Britisher Clarendon Abner First Chester No match race at Remus Cardigan Winchester (late Manchester) MilcsnaCoppaleen Little John Minerva Lantern Uncos Happy Thought Caliban Lucky left 1 concussion St Odille Cairo Metal Real Jam Hecuba Vanguard Clarendon store in Hope Eagle Orange Algerian First Prince Espiedle Palarenda Dagobert late Too Too Snip Liberty follow Hammer Ebony Tissu o Bonnie Doon Pt.rchat.i_o A dette Uml ra Lorelei Cerise and Blue Lesbia Han thorn Louts 114 motor Milks VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF" CLUB The following w eights were declared yesterday for the V A T C meeting, which takes place on Saturday, August 15 - HURDLE RACE, Of 2sovs each with 200 so va added. Two miles. and) 12 1 11 8 11 0 10 15 10 15 10 17 9 18 6 12 9 12 9 12 9 11 The Agent llutitbiiian by act Anchor Star uuardttBh Gasillor Della Dratidoa Agitation Ulverstone Hil IKicrltf Tattler Duration The Ghost Ooullst Hun tor GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE, Of 7 Sovs each, with 350 ton. added About two miles and a half st. lb | Raven Tantallsor Insolvent ANaverloy Vulcan Ace police as a borough Chats worth Loho Problem Cockboat Amateur Castleton Denmark Huzza 1 letter Deceiver Governor Morven Wymlet Satin Granillo Mernder 9 12 9 12 9 10 12 11 a Mona Bob Cooper Rotlceut Sailor Rosicrucian Lad) Ashton a loan Standish Studley Black Angel BALACLAVA STAKES of 100 Sovs Seven furlongs st. lb Stafford 9.3 Lands .. Irralce 9 2 Umberto Mlddlomarch 8-12 Sirocco Precious StoneS 12 license Grace Darling 8 11 we alitalia The Ghost 8 11 Too Too Bristol 8 8 ItebUB Hippogriff 8 2 Mentmore The Andes 8 1 Warllcld 61 at trap 8.0 Hon e) comb Waverley. 7-12 St Eton Black Diamond - 7 11 Cincinnatus Fernlea 7.10 article Phantom 7 8 Bohemian Jocular 7 8 Martin r Mistake 7 7 Sedition Station er 7 7 br Albert Rlnguiast r 7 6 Oil sy s is again Hobart 7 4 Plvrajton fever 7 4 Od Hollow This Day 7 2 Maydew Gardenia 7 - Baron Neckar All horses not scratched for the Hurdle killed and Steeplechase on fires in), the 11th and will be considered acceptors and be held liable for the sweepstakes MOONI L VALLEY "MEETING The following are the entries for this meeting which takes place on Saturday next - Hlisr MMItOlOItTAN STAKES OtCO says lost a year olds About three furlongs Mr J 1 afternoon s b o Uranus by Herschel-Ulrica Mr J Harper's b of little Walton b) Ilscatur Phwbo Mr O Barnett a but Hanno is) by The Drummer Pital In Mr I Mormons eli ( Austral b) Tubal Cain Are, ON) Mr S Mahon's bri Pearl Eve b) The Hook-The Gem Mr 1 Ilcdfcarn she Soudan b) Robinson Crusoe -1 witch Mr S Miller's br Mrs a by the, te Peasant Mr S Miller's be Geelong b) Dante-Chlcanorv Mr S Miller s b of election b) The Englishman Minerva Mr F Tour . b of Lottie by Lottery and mare Mr J Dam ii b olvitobuio by Darrlvvell-Ursula 6 2 6 2 0 2 6 2 6 11 6 11 0 100 100 0 Mr J Whittingham s ch c Belzoni. by Argus Scan dal Mths Mr J W Eltringham s ch c innuendo, by Argus Scandal Re] art Mr E. W el b s s or rows Here Goes, by Bolton Orien Spe. Mr L Weeks s b o Caulfield by Newminster school Mr I L Smith I bet Louisa Bertha, by Darriwell \- letter Mr I r Robertson's br oAdi ance, by Goldsbrou.,. Blink. Bonny Mr J D I Robertsons of Thesis up, by First King Phnom c AUTUMN HANDICAP Of 50 sons four furlongs Bendigo Euclid Plato Islander Sister Unice Picture GI] J Warming- Whirter HIL for State born, r Scaramouche Helm. Bli "master Ace I am Unan Maggie uncle Cincinnatus A rill Gardenia fat Albert Lhs rides I ever to Jocular Hemlock Walhalla Briezo after I lie Ach met Boadleta Chorister Boy Melodious Albums Stafford a clean The Owl Union Jack Grattan Granville. Scobtlolf Gas per, ton Marquis of Waterford Tattltr Tile Irishman King; Henry BUT UNO RACE, Of trousers Weight for age Winner to be sold for 100 BOv A Hull a man Beodlpo £20 General Scobeloff, nil I late £20 Assure n o, £20 Sister Unice £60 Goldtop nil Little King, £2 Cincinnatus nil Dover till Chandos 120 Brella £20 Bruce £20 Bon Bon, £20 a Hampstead, nil ESSENDON HANDICAP, Of GOs Maritana Himlouk Berkeley Harry comb Lilo Sir Charles 1 Times Stafford Chorister Boy U Nlume Warfield Stationer Acu Salvo Lindo The Gift IN unit to Rebus Mistake Middle arch way down St Aust li Solo Albanus Ariel St Albert Ringmaster The weights will appear on Thursday , acceptance (1 any ) an acute H J ROCHE, Secretary COURSING SIIERWOOD PARk ASSOCIATION Members of the above club are again reminded that entries for Wednesday a meeting close this afternoon, at the office, 57 'Temple court, before 2 o'clock The draw will take place at the Mitre lay ern, at 5 pm. after which the card will be called over SPORTING TELEGRAM [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (From OUR ComiisroNDKM) SYDNEY, MONDAY 1 that Demon has been scratched for the Hawkesbury Handicap Liverpool has been backed for the Melbourne Cup but it 1 000 to SO FOOTBALL A match was played on Saturday, at the Fitzroy cricket round between teams representing Messrs Rosenthal Aronson and Co and Lazarus Rosenfeld, and Benjamin which after an enjoyable game. resulted in a victory for the former by 6 goals 12 behinds to nil LAWN '1 TENNIS. A match was played on Saturday between the Sale and Maffra clubs on the Sale court Messrs. S White head and * Carr (Maffra) beat Messrs. A Allan and Stilett (bale) 15 games to 3. Messrs D English and 1 Gooch (Sale) beat Messrs J Macleod and Uartotd (Maffra) 15 games to 2 Totals-Sale 21 James , Maffra, 20 _ CHESS A chess match will be played on Saturday evening at the rooms of the A victorian Chess and Draughts Club Cathedral Hotel Swanston street between the Victorian and University clubs now on players aside The following are the teams selected for the re repective sides - Victorian Club Messrs. Crowe Coates Lucas Lush Mnyston Sperring, and Shop hard emergency, Messrs Ryan Dobbyn and that University Club-Dr Home Messrs Holmes H Homo LOst Monash Rickarby, and J Roberts emergence) Messrs Cussen and startle) Visitors will be admitted 