THE CUP OF 1885. Tuesday. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) The people of Victoria and Lady Loch had ordered a specially fine Cup Day this year from Mr Ellery, and as he lives within a stone’s throw of Government House, that gentleman decided it would be unneighborly to refuse it. So last night ho arranged with his fiendish, incubus, tbe barometric pressure, and made things agreeable for us. I have described so many Cup Day fetes in your columns during the last Id years, that I fear I can add but little to them on this occasion, so that the beauty, the glory, the splendor of the pageant must be taken for granted. The stand, the lawn, the luncheon room, the saddling paddock, the hill, the fiat wore alike crowded, and though some people esti mated we had nearly 100,000 people present I should fancy, judging by the eye, that the attendance was about the same as that of last year. The costumes of the ladies, though few wore trains, were in most cases superbly beautiful, chiefly of brown or greenish hues, with a profusion of lace and feather trimming over both body and skirt. Among others 1 observed the following, which will give an idea of the general character of the display on the lawn — A superb dr-ess of cream lace, with cream nun’s veiling front, trimmed with chenille; dark, fancy bonnet, trimmed witlr feathers. A handsome silk flowered chenille, painted with parrots’ wings. A splendid amber satin —rather conspicuous—trimmed with brown and biscuit lacc intermixed with amber ribbons. A plain fawn silk with black velvet bodice, bonnet and feathers to match. A pale stone-colored dress, trimmed with blue and overskirt of blue broche velvet, and worn by Mrs Mallcson, the dross of the day, in my estimation. Cream watered silk and satin mixed with white marabout feathers, ami network of gold down tbe front. But on all the lovely costumes there displayed, my eyes so ached with gazing, that I fail to attempt to depict them, and, there fore, conclude by saying we thoroughly en joyed a perfect day and a splendid. Cup, Railway Stakes. A sweepstake of 3 sov. each, with 100 added. For 3 years old and upwards. One mile and a quarter. Air M. Locke’s b c Isonom}', 7st I2lb (Quinn) .. 1 Air AI. O'sbannossy’s bre First Prince (Moore) .. 2 Air A. Davies’bg'Baron Neokcr (Flanagan) .. 3 Parwan and Perchance also started. Isonomy was backed down to 5 to 2 on him. First Prince had a slight advantage of Isonomy at the start, and Baron Reciter was the third in the running. Parwan soon dropping back last. The field closed up on passing the railway bridge, and Isonomy went to the front with a slight lead. First Prince maintained second place, Baron Reciter being third, Perchance next, and Parwan still last. Isonomy came into the turn hard held, and Baron Recker ran into second place with Parwan third, and on coming down the straight Isonomy was coming v eil on the inside, and won easily hard held. Time, 2 min. 14j sec. Kensington Stakes. A sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, 2 ft, with 230 added; for two-year-olds; colts Sst 51b, fillies Sst. The winner to be sold for £3OO. Five furlongs. All- F. Watson’s cb f Aladdelina, Sst (Weasel) .. 1 Air IV. 1). Robertson's b f The Nun, Sst (.Moore) .. 2 Air .1. H. Hill's b c Telephone, Sst 51b (Campbell).. 3 Mainsail, Brigantine, and Aspramoute also started. Latest betting—Even money Maddeliua, 2 to 1 The Run, 5 to 1 Brigan tine. A good start was effected, and the favorite soon showed in front and maintained her lead all the way. Telephone who was rail ing second, gave place to The Rim in the straight, Maddeliua winning with the greatest ease iif 1 min. 31- sec. Hurdle Race. A handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, 2ft with 250 added. About three miles. Air A. Grozier's brm Ruby, Ostlllb (O'Brit-n) .. 1 Air .1. -Mayo's b h Raveusworth, lost -lib (Flanagan) 2 Uon. W. Pearson's b m Gasalicr, lost (Jib (Gardner) 3 The following also started :—Duration, Royal Maid, Insolvent, Mistake, Agitation, Student, Brigand, Tantaliser, Fiaraborough, Blue Mountain, Cockboat. Latest betting— -0 to 4 Brigand, 5 to 2 Gasalicr, (5 to 1 Raveusworth and Duration, 7 to 1 Royal Maid, Insolvent, Mistake, Agitation, and Student. Mistake was the first to show up, and he went off with a slight load from Royal Maid, with Agitation and Brigand next. The field was pretty close up with Insolvent last, and this order was main tained past tbe stand. At tbe river turn Mistake increased her advantage to about three lengths, and Brigand went up fast, passing Agitation and Royal Maid. Tbe order then was Mistake, Brigand, Royal Maid, Raveusworth, and Duration, with In' solvent still last. On rounding the back of the course Royal Maid ran up second, almost getting level with Mistake, hutbefore reaching tbe bridge again fell back to third place, and tbe order was Mistake, Royal Maid, Brigand, Ravens worth, Gasalicr. At the abattoirs Royal Maid had two lengths’ ad vantage of Brigand; Raveusworth ami Royal Maid coming next, Agitation dropping back. At the turn into the straight Mistake had but a slight advantage of Brigand, Royal .Maid having secured third place, witli Gasalicr, Raveusworth, Duration, Student coming in tbe order named, and Agitation last. Passing the stand the second time Mistake had a slight lead from Royal Maid, Brigand being ahead, and much the same order was maintained round the river turn. Several changes in position then took place, but at the bridge Mistake was still leading and Royal Maid had again run up into second place. On passing the bridge the order was —Mistake, Brigand, Gasalicr, Royal Maid, ami Raveusworth, holding prominent posi tions. Insolvent fell near the scraping sheds and Brigand beaded Mistake at tbe borne turn. Ruby and Raveusworth then came very fast, and at the finish three lengths separated each placed horse. Time, 5 min. 33 sec. The Melbourne Cup. —Sweepstake of 20 sovs. each, with 1000 added; second horse to receive 300, and third 200 out of the stake; 105 subscribers; two miles. Air AI. Lougblin’s br li Sheet Anchor, 7st 111 b (AI. O'liriuu) .. .. .. 1 Air .1. S. Reid's ch m Grace Darling, 7st 121 b (.1. Williams) .. . .. .. .. .. 2 Air D. O'Brien's br li Trenton, 7st 1:111) (Robertson) 3 Tile following also started:—Blink Bonny (Biair), Acolyte (slanders). Lord Wilton (Ivemy), Tom Brown (Gainsfoitb), Kit Nubbles (Colley), Corioianus (Moore), Bos wortb (Riley), Warwick (J. Gough), ,St. Lawrence (.Smith), Plausible (Power), Liver pool (Derritl), Prometheus (Trahan), Dun lop (Forn), Thunderbolt (Uuxtable), •Stornaway (Musgrovc), Velocipede (Burton), Hilltop (Clark), St. John (Flaunagaii), Despot (M'Auliffo), .Lord Exeter (William son), Brown and Rose (J. Gough), Wing (Nerrikcr), Nordcnfeldt (Ellis), Britisher (Fallon), First Chester (G. Williams), Arsenal (T, Brown), Minerva (Curran), Metal (Redfearn), Cyclops (Johnson), Yellow Hammer (Guy), Cerise and Blue {(lorry), Lesbia (M’Dowell). Betting—s to I agst Nordcnfcldfr, 8 to 1 Trenton and Despot, 10 to 1 Liverpool, 15 to 1 Sheet Anchor, Brown and Rose, Grace Darling; 20 to 1 Acolyte, Kit Nubbles, Cerise and Blub, Lord Exeter; 25 to 1 Prometheus, Corioianus, Stornoway, Tom Brown, Lord Wilton, Bos worth; 33, 35, and 50 to 1 others. A field of 35 horses compassing the Cup distance in tbe shortest time on record some what baliies tbe vision of an onlooker, and, though tbe day was clear and well adapted for sight-seeing, I confess tbe closeness with which the divisions kept together, and the similarity of many of the colors, puzzled me. The first clearly discerned in the lead as tbe horses charged down the straight in a splendid line was Prometheus; Nordcnfeldt, hirst Chester, Cyclops, Aco- Ij-te, Thunderbolt, and Sheet Anchor being near neighbors, but the whole of the first division of some 10 lioises were so nearly locked level that their places could not be determined with certainty. Going along the river Thunderbolt drew up, and Prometheus dying away gave him the lead for a few fur longs, Nordenfeldt lying second, Sheet Anchor moving forward into fifth position, and Grace Darling beginning to come up to the leaders. A change was discernible as they swept past the bridge and abattoirs, bat at the scraping sheds Trenton began to quicken bis pace, and for a few seconds it seemed as if Liverpool was about to justify the heavy money put on him within the past few days. He, too, failed to get to tho front, and at tho turn into the straight Grace Darling and Sheet Anchor had clearly the best of it, but the Ballarat horse siiook off the mare with ease, and lauded an easy winner in the incredibly short time of 3 minutes 29 h seconds, but as there was some delay in setting tbe chronograph going at the start, this is probably incorrect. The gentle man in the seat of judgment capped the three blunders made on Saturday, by post ing Blink Bonny’s number as second, the colors not having the least .resemblance t'o one another, and, as on'Derby day, it was some minutes before the mistake was cor rected. Tile judging throughout this meet ing has been very badly performed, and has provoked ..many anathemas from' the top prompt payers over, of sweep money.- Tren ton made a fine finish for second place with Grace Darling, and was only beaten on the post by half a head, but the others were not near enough at the finish to show that they possessed the slightest claim to the Cup! Mr Loughlin’s stable, and Ballarat generally, will be a heavy winner by this wonderful result of the run of their staunch flyer. Nursery Handicap. —A sweepstake of 5 sovs each, Ift with 200 addded. For two years old. Five furlongs. Hon. W. A. Long's b o Yellow Jacket, 7st 41b (Williamson) .. .. .. .. .. 1 Mr B. Gray's hor hr c Retort, Cat 121 b (Johnston) 2 Mr M. Bryant's oh f Clelia, (Ist 71b (Tomlin) .. 3 The following also started:—Louisa Berta, Munwyrtiua, Trojan, Utopia, Lord Chan cellor, Damocles, Crossfire, Dividend, St. Paul, Devotion, Tamarisk, Micawber, Yellow- Jacket, Fernandez, Essie, Mistral, Trishna, Auonyma, and Dulferiu. Latest betting—s to lon the field. The winner quickly went to the- front and won easily, hard held. Again the judge mismanaged his numbers. Time, I min. 2| sec. Yan Yean Stakes. —A handicap sweep stakes of 3 sovs. each, 1 ft., with 100 added. For.3 years old up and upwards. One mile. Mr J, Whlttingham’d ch in Morrimu, 7st 101 b . . 1 Mr I>. S. Wallace’s br h Chuckster, Sst 121 b .. 2 Mr W. A. Filgatc's hr Ii Lavingto/i, 7sfc 41b .. 3 The following also started • Lantern, Middlemarch, Stafford, The Ghost, The Agent, Fernlea, Signor, Juanna, Marie Louise, Muscat, Kingship, Agatha, Bon Bon, All Black, and Phaou. Latest betting—2 to 1 The Ghost, 4to 1 Merrimu, G to 1 Stafford, from 10 to 1 others. The three placed horse cams to the front at the distance post, and a splendid finish, re sulted as above, half a length separating each horse. Time, 1 min. 42i sec. 