chapter v. Almost before light on the following morn ing, I was conscious of a soft kiss on my cheek, and mischievous fingers pulling my hair, and. ODeninc mv sleeDv eves. I beheld Lel garde, to my astonishment, not only up and dressed, but equipped for walking ; her scarlet cloak wrapped round her, her black hat, with its long white cock's feather, on her head, sable muff, dainty Balmoral boots, looped-up dress, and bat's-wing petticoat, all complete. ' My dear, are you quite mad ?' was my natural exclamation. ' People are mad who lie in bed on sparkl ing frosty mornings like this,' she answered, throwing up the window, and pointing to the clear red dawn ; ' look there, you lazy woman, look there ! Come, make haste, Joany ; I have set my heart on an early walk ; we will go to the farm, and get a draught of milk from the cow.' ' Shut the window, then, for pity's sake,' I said with a rueful glance at my bath, in all its icy horrors, which, at that hour, there was no hope for mitigating. ' It is delightful,' Lelgarde exclaimed, following my look ; ' I am all in a glow from mine.' And she tossed back the mass of iaxen hair, which hung wet and heavy, all the ripple dren:htd out of it, over her shoulders. Of course I did what Lelgarde told me, and dragged up my middle-aged limbi from their cosey resting-place, and dressed wittt what speed -I could, marvelling much what this new caprice might mean. 'Have you had a bad night?' I asked, when we were crossing the frost-covered pad dock in the direction of the farm. ' A bad night ? What because I get up an hour earlier than usual ?' . ' You are not answering my question, you know,' I suggested. But no further answer could I get ; and so we arrived at the farm, saw the cows milked, and went shivering home to breakfast, Lel garde would have routed me out again as soon as the meal was over, but I struck at last. ' You will tire yourself quite out, child,' I said ; and I was startled by the tone in which she answered : ' That is just what I am trying to do.' That day, however, I was only amused at her vagaries ; but when time passed on, and the same s' range restlessness still beset her, I grew vaguely uneasy. Her hours were becom ing uncertain ; sometimes she was still asleep when the breakfast-bell rang ; sometimes she was afoot before dr.wn, though she never again pressed me into the service. I began to wish that she would, as I might then have exercised some control over the. length of her rambles. All day long she was rushing about, devising employments, evidently for the mere sake of being up and doing ; and, by the evening, she was always thoroughly exhausted, and obliged, though she fought hard against it, to give way to fatigue, and collapse on an arm chair.* All this might have merely the excitement natrual to her very new'tnode of life ; but I saw, with uneasiness, that she was evidently not well. Iu spite x-f her long walks, her appetite flag ged, her attitudes became languid, her step lost its spring ; and remembering her child hood, I began to feel as if, in some mysterious way, Athelstanes was to destined to be fatal to her. About this time our few neighbours began to call, and invitations to arrive, chiefly to stately dinners, or sometimes to dine and sleep — entertainments, to me, of the deadly-lively order, but which were apparently to Lelgarde's taste, for she always accepted them, and was invariable brighter for sonic days afterwards, especially'when we spent a day or two from home. One evening, as I was crossing the hall on my way to dress, I came full on Lelgarde, emerging from the door of what we still called ' poor Miss Hilda's room.' She gave a start, like a guilty thing, and shrank into the dark doorway. I stopped short, and began to give her a good scolding. ' Lelgarde, you j-e really very silly to be always haunting that cold dreary room. If you fancy it as a living-room, why not order them to light a fire there, and let us sit there altogether ?' ' No, I thank you,' she answered. ' And as to being cold, feel.' She put her hand in mine ; it was hot and feverish, and the light from the hall-lamp showed that her face was flushed, and her eyes unnaturally brilliant. ' Do you think I am in much danger of catching cold ?' she asked, with a nervous laugh, which sounded as if it might quiver off into a cry. I was really frightened. ' Child, what is it ?' I asked, going with her into her into her bedroom ; 'is anything vexing you ? Are you fretting ?' I stopped short ; the idea of Harry Goldie occurred to me. ' Fretting ? What should fret me ?' she answered, pettishly. ' Come, it is high time to be dressing.' And she rang for her maid, evidently glad to be quit of me and ray questionings. We are going to dine at the rectory. Our rector and his wife were pleasant people, and kind neighbours, and we were always glad to go there. To-night the party consisted only of ourselves and the rector's brother, a barrister, now attedding the assizes, which were going on in the nearest town. He was a little, black- looking man, with sharp eyes, and a quick manner, and a certain air of being condescendingly amused at everything, and knowing all about it, which I have often re marked since in those in his profession. I saw his quick glance run over Lelgarde with keen appreciation — admiration is scarcely the word — and he took an early opportunity of seating himself- by her side. Certainly she appeared to singular advantage, the flush on her cheek and the feverish light in her eyes supplying all that her face was sometimes wanting in. Her graceful half- mourning became her well, and one or two pearl ornaments which she wore were like herself, I thought, so pure, and fair, and delicate. Her ease in society was always a man-el to me, considering how she had been brought up. She was entirely what she should have been, retiring, quiet, but perfectly unembarrassed. No wonder Mr. Seymour Kennedy's quick eye marked her down at once. He and h;s brother came into the drawing room after dinner, eagerly talking over a case which had been pronounced the case of the assizes ; its cheif feature being the discovery of a will after it had been lost for many years. ct The attempt to prove it a forgery broke down utterly,' said Mr. Seymour Kennedy ; ' and righ ly, for it was undoubtedly genuine, but the story of the discovery was so strange that it gave fair ground for the trial.' * ' A curious case of sudden recollection, was it not?' ' Quite so. The old man's adopted son, the present possessor in fact, after having acquiesced in the estate going to the heirat law, the will being missing, one day, on chanc ing to be shown into a different dressing-room from usual to wash his hands, suddenly re membered having seen his father, as he had always called him, put away the will, calling his attention to to the. fact, in the drawer of an bureau, which had stood' neglected in the corner for years and years. The young man was six years old when the will was placed there. He is nearly thirty now.' ' Memory plays us strange tricks, I know, sometimes, ' said the rector. ' Witness Walter Scott's story which he cooks up in the Anti quary.' ' And I once met with another case,' said his brother, addressing Lelgarde all the time, ' -vhare a will was discovered in an almost similiar way ; but then the finder believed him self to have received a visitation from his late father, who revealed the hiding-place to him in a dream. - Evidently the force of memory working unconsciously on the sleeping brain.' ' Do you think so ?' Lelgarde began ; her voice was hoarse and died away. Mr. Sey mour Kennedy turned towards her, and, in the courteous, lowered tone he always assumed in addressing women : '*' You were -speaking,' he said. She gathered voice and went on : ' In this last case there was an apparition — a spiritual visitation. Do you put that down as a mere trick of memory ?' ' I see you resent the slur upon the ghosts,' he answered, playfully. ' Is it unfair to ask if you believe in them ?' She hesitated, and her glowing cheek grew quite pale.' We all looked at her in surprise, she seemed to take the subject so unnecessarily to heart. Suddenly she looked full up in his face, and spoke quickly and eagerly : 'No, I do not. I will not believe in them. Such utter disbelief as yours is catching, I think. It is pleasant to feel sure that some natural, every-day reason can be found for everything. You think that is so, do you not ?' I could see that he was flattered by her ap peal to his judgement. ' If you were in the habit of sifting evi dence, you would come to that same conclusion, I am sure,' he said, gently ; ' nerves — optical delusion.' ' Oh ! but that is worse,' Lelgarde said, ' to think that the — the terror is part of our selves, in our brain. Is not the thought un bearable?' 'Only that science can remedy it,' he answered, in a tone rather in contrast to her excited cadences ; ' no need to break one's heart over a ghost, if you hold, as I do, that quinine or camomile tea has the power of lay ing it.' ' Is Athelstanes haunted, Miss Atheling ?' asked Mrs. Kennedy, striking in, indiscreetly' as I thought. ' It looks as if it ought to be.', * ' If it is,' I said, brusquely, I am afraid, for the subject was one I hated to hear Lel garde engaged on, ' we will hope the ghosts will keep to themselves ; in such a large house, it is a shame if they cannot be peaceable.' Our carriage was announced, and we went home, after Mr. Seymour Kennedy had asked if he might call the next day. ' How do you like him, Lelgarde,' I asked, the next morning, as we sat at breakfast. 'Very much indeed,' she responded, heartily, 'don't you?' ' Pretty well ; he condescends too much to please me.' 'Joan, could anything be more courteous ?' 'Just so, but with a certain air as if he were saying, ' Don't mind being a fool, because I prefer you so.' He plays with his subject, and will never meet a woman on equal ground —no, I do not appreciate Mr. Seymour Kennedy.' *' He is strong and clear-headed, and plea sant to listen to, though,' said my sister with a sigh, and I looked at her closely. ' Vbd look better, my pet,' was the result of my study. - Indeed, her cheek looked rounder, her eyes had their own soft bright ness, she was eating a comfortable breakfast, and pouring out the tea with a steady hand, good symptoms, all of which I had missed of late. ' Oh, yes,' she responded, cheerily, ' I have had such a good night.' ' Do you ever have bad ones ?' I asked, struck by the implied admission. ' If I do,' she answered, gaily, ' I suppese it is for want of the quinine or the camomile tea, which are to put everything to rights for us,' and, carolling like a bird, she sprang up from the table, and put her arm through mine for our daily visit to the poultry-yard. One of Miss Etheldreda's few human weakness had been for fowls, and Lelgarde was inclined to follow in her footsteps, so that a long after-breakfast lounge to see them fed had be come an institution. When the barley was all devoured, we turned homewards, and Lelgarde, suddenly remembering that she wished to speak to Mrs. Bracebridge, turned to the back door, the nearest way to her room. Angry voices sounded from the passage, and in the dread of plunging into a domestic row, which I suppose all wise mistress share, Lelgarde stopped short in the porch, with a look at me, half ludicrous, half dismayed. ' I desire that not another word be said on the subject in this house,' said Mrs. Brace bridge's voice in solemn indignation ; '? a pack of nonsense, or a heap of lies, Betsy Jane ; I give you your choice which name you like to call 'em by.' ''Twas not I only see it, ma'am ; ask Ellen,' returned a whimpering voice, with a sniff of injured innocence. 'And what was Ellen doing out of her room at that time of night ?' retorted the dame. ' Been down to fetch her prayer book, had she? A likely story. And much good her prayer-book is to her, or to you either, if it don't teach you better than to give the hoose a bad name in this way.' ' I never give the house a bad name, ma'am.' Another sniff. ' But if I was to die for it, we did see a white figure walking up the stairs along the gallery ; and what's more, it did seem as though it corned from Miss Hilda's room.' ' And it seemed to die away, like, just by that corner where Miss Atheling do sleep, and that's the truth ; but law, I never thought no harm by mentioning of it,' said another voice, lachrymose likewise. ' 'Twas not I ; 'twas James as said that about the white lady Walking, when the head of the family were going to die.' ' What ! James saw it too, did he?' asked Mrs. Bracebridge, sharply, not to say ferociously. ' Lord forgive you, Mrs. Bracebridge, for saying such a thing. How do I know about what James should see?' 'Well, well, mind your work, and don't get chattering with the men ; and I'll warrant that you won't see no more white ladies ; we don't want 'em here, nor no black gentlemen neither ; and just remember this, you Betsy Jane and Ellen ; if I hear any more of it, it s a month's warning to both of you, do you see?' Steps, sniffs, and scoldings died away along the passage, and I turned laughing to meet Lelgarde's eyes ; she had sunk quitly down on the stone seat in the porch, and fainted dead away. (To be continued. ) 