Sftetcher* Our Carnival Raeecoiarse. (Concluded.) BY aaOSTEXOB BCS3TE3. "Well, as I have said the hill, as rt now stands, is the best site on the ground. Standing upon its slope, ihe eye catches every foot of the course. And as I observe this, I discover that a new training ground, one mile round, has been redntly. made within the circle of the course. Jonathan, the worthy ranger, tells me that it is the soundest training ground on the whole three hundred and twenty acres, and that it is built on nine inches of ironstone rock and nine more of loam, sand, and tan, in the most approved fashion. Yonder, as he- points out—away to the left, Are the sand track,one and a half miles, the one mile tan. and the one mile cinders. I am told with a certain pride, that the rolling and harrowing, and eucn Hke work in connection with these tracks, involve an annual labour covering a distance of 7000 milee. In summer the tracks are regularly watered every day. We descend from the-- Hill and enter the passage which leads to the grand-stasdjand the lawn. Here, shortly^ will be built cohered way, through which the ealt Of society will pass, unseen and uneriticieed by-the baser clay. Not that this is the especial object of the improvement, which indeed is projected for the purpose of still farther increasing the resources and area of the Hill. Jonathan, big in the pride v of his offiee, produces his keys with that air of responsibility which might attach to an old time butler, as he leads the way to an inspection of the glories of the cellar. And now we pereeive the full development of a seheme, which has been made in the interests of that other class of the pnblio, the members of which, so to say, travel with first-class tickets in the trains of amusement at race times. This is the swell's region, and proper recognitioii-of its superior requirements is evident on all sides. ^ nervously, yet with that eager cariosity''with which innocent bachelorhood regards everything connected with the ladies and their earconndings. This is one of the retiring rooms. Place aux dames / Let us enter, f timidly and Nay, by the mass! but I must laugh. The most prominent furniture in this gorgeous apartment consists of mirrors ! Mirrors large, mirrors small; mirrors which reflect the face and bust only, and large'cheval glasses, which give forth to the inquisitive fair the reflex of the whole of the glories of her form and costume. Here, no question, the dainty maids and matrons who bloom on the lawn during Cup week, and whose gey and brilliant attire rival Mr. Moore's mantling blossoms of many colored hues—here, I say, within these rooms (for there are two, each 140 feat long) might be seen and heard much by the philosopher (were he invisitto) which would improve his knowledge of the feminine nature. What pleasure, gratified vanity, innocent triumph, mortified pride, delight, and dissatisfaction, have these mirrors in turn reflected, and shall again reflect 1 How many a woman's heart h&8;beaten high, or lowered its pulses, as these honesttell-tales, set on all sides, have given back a truthful answer to wistful or eager feminine inquiry! I wonder whether Mr. Moore chuokles as lie looks around at.this room. 'For myself, I owa I burst out laughing. Bat not alone mirrors for the „ladies, Everything the charmers need is provided. Here and there are hung " housewives," filled with needles, silkB, cotton, pins, and the thoasand and one contrivances with vhich women "fix" themselves.. If an awkward cftv&ier; tread upon a lady's train and rip its "gathers, 1 * all ehe has to do is to repaiivto one of these dainty apartments, where she will find Appliances for remedying the evil and recovering her complacenoy^by noting the facial effect of had temper in a looking glass. And if, haply, the sun may have burnt, • with his amoroas glances, her fair oheeks or delicate nose, here shall she find eold cream, or violet powder, or tcilette vinegar, or some such delicate preparation to relievehersweetvisage; while she may assuage her annoyance and relieve her feelings by the application-of ihe smelling salts provided by excellent Mr; Moore. By George 1 I think that, all things considered, that gentleman should-be the best lauded man is Victoria among the ladies at any rate, during Camivai week. 1 Flowers are, of course, distributed in every I part, of these apartments, for their greater cut flowers are also prided N * hat a l»3y needing some delicate blossom to stiU further eahan^ her charms, may find 1 it to her hand. CaseS of flowersfor this pur pbee are brought frorii sush districts as pro 3nee them earlier than hereabouts. Even Sydney contributes its contingent of blossoms —among whioh the Warratah ia ever prominent. All this is gallant work; but it is no less policy. While it gives pleasure to the fair, it no less brings grist to the miU. A cunning gentleman is Mr. Byron Moore. It seems a coarse matter, but really I think I am as much interested in the next apartmeat into which I am introduced. We have looked upon the purely aesthetic and poetic features of a race meeting; let us sow inspect the more natural attractions. Here,-my friend is where King Appetite is assusged. Observe that this is the luncheon room, and consider a "P^0. 1 , 8 pteeent during race ?T eek \ " 13 E . ll ? ot - and c«ppty enough now, ^gk °n e ^ght fancy ghosts of departed eUers Ait about unseen, yet hungry; Irat in ^ course of a couple of months-its lol olty space shall echo to the pops of champagne berks, the crunch of teeth, the buetle, and laughter, au$, truth to eay, vulgar hubbub and confusion of each assemblies. Fiowers I again will be seen in profusion. —• Why " —tf not — ?• Does n° L one ec J°y 8Uch niatters the better, t° r ^aint y and /efiaing surroandinga. If it >» pleasant to the eye to gazs upon a boned ©r a raised pie, is not it the more so j®/® 414 res J awh £ e thejsweetneas and freshness of -bloom —and' blossom? Who does not appreciate the effect of the dainty furniture of a dinner table ? Who then shall not applaud the eonjanctipn of such influences as are afforded by the presence of sweet flowers; Nay, the taste is classic, and has the authority of the best traditions. The Governor's apartments are all that they should he. Pleasant ts be a Governor I should say:—at racetimes anyway. At ether times, when pestered by dull" statesmen >r and vulgar pretension, the post'may realise the axiom that "All that glisters is not gold.' 1 It must indeed be hard work sometimes, playing Governor, and secth to say must involve an fextra employment of - that suave hypocrisy with which social illusions are supported. But here, away from the disabilities of his office, he and his lady wife and brave youngsters and gallant suite) must have a high old time of it. I peep into the pantry whence the good things are served. Yes— there are times when I would be a Governor. For truly we treat our Governors' better in the matter of feeding than fell to the lot of the honest ruler of Barataria, who got nothing te eat you will remember, but argument and promises This the Press room. These stairs lead to the compartment whence the recording angeta take - note and notice of the races, pvery convenience is provided for these worthypeople. In that division at the end are placed the telegraphic operators.' What & jump? all this, from the time when the first oourse in Australia was founded by the fine gentlemen of His Majesty's 101st regiment of foot. The saddling paddock, or where the gentlemen of the ring do congregate to do their business or do somebody else's, is, as all the world knows, under the Hill, to the west of the stand. Here too a variety of improvements have been made, all tending to tine acilitation of the great Carnival of the year. ender the judge's stendj wherein the arbiter f ereiy contest places himself. By my faith I often think that many a criminal has heard, ith less emotion, the fiat of a judge of law, han have thousands who have marked that oi judge of a race. The new stand overlaps the old one, and is built Tip on an area of land soooped out of the hill. The crush and crowding, which of late years marred the pleasure of so many, is now avoided. The rush will be for the new gttfnd, and the race to the swiftest. The ladies, whose robes are a higher cossideration than a horse race, may therefore move more leisurely wf£h their escorts, ajnd takejtheir places in the old stand. The foreeighfwhich led the committee to adopt this plan goes to show again their sensibility to the claims of public convenience. But let us get on, across the lawn, and on past the ivied walls and ranger's cottage. I observe that carpenters and painters are hard at work, and learn that they are the employ & , of the clnb. All work, whether of craft, or farm,, or garden, is done by men engaged on the estate. The work-rooms Of carpenters, blacksmiths, painters, point to the circumstance that there is enough to keep business brisk the year round. The farm work is extensive, consisting in harrowing, carting* mowing, and Buch Eke operations. Hay is grown for the working horses, of which there are eleven—such animals as are rarely seen, save in a brewer's lorry, or a horse show. Fat and lusty, they seem to have a good time of it, with a splendid stable in whieh to pass their hours of ease and munch their sweet hay. By the way ih which Jonathan poses himself as we. regard some of these brave creatures, I jgather that he takes rare pride and satisfac- tion in them. On pleasant lines, truly, is oast the lot of honest Jonathan. . He has been associated with the course for more than twenty years, and may be e'aid to be paart and parcel ef the institution. Here is his cottage etanding on a gentle elope, and embossomed in flowersand shrubberies. From the verandah I watch the coaching of the youngsters on the tracks. There are some twenty of them, each, doubtless, as much a subject of anxiety *nd hope and fear to his trainer, as bipeds, on their entrance into life concern their mothers and fathers. Indeed, there is not a little which is alike, and runs parallel to—the course of a child's life and that of a colt or filly. Each trains for the prizes of life, in some form or another, and a similar picture is presented in either caee of the rarity of success and the constancy of failure. A few come to the front, and a few remara there—like old Commotion—stoutly contending against all new oomers. But what - becomes of the ruck, whether human or equine ? Da they not pass into the oblivion of forgetfulness ? Are they not merged into the common lot, and. * labor out their lives in humble Bhadow ? 1 often think that a Cup winner is like the belle of a London season, or a society beauty, who rarely shines in the firmament of fashionable caprice, or whim, more than 1 once. And yet see how eager the women are to shine even for this brief spaee I .Perhaps the motive may be the speculation, and the value of notoriety may be turned to as happy account in the case of the woman as in the case of the horse. But what is all this 1 I note that Jona than is eyeing me furtively, as I stand in his verandah thus reflecting; and I doubt not that he thinks the exoellent whiskey to which we have been treated in his house has proved ' too mueh for my weak brains. But I tell him. I was thinking that had I the ehoice I would rather live in his cottage than in Government House, in which, indeed, is sober truth. At which hisfaoe relaxes, and though he answers nqthing, he looks the honest gratification my poor compliment has in spired. Jonathan's,, garden & a very glory of blossoms. Partieularly/am I attracted, by the native heaths, which are cultivated here. It is a popular delusion among amateur gardeners, that the heath will not bear translation to artificial treatment." That" says our cicerone, " is simply beoause they know nothing about the matter"—an explanation I fancy, of the majority of popular delusions. Attached to the oottago is a small green house, where pot plants are plaeed u» plenty. Sometimes, you see, in this eocentrio climate, the clerk of the weather plays- sad prankB to wards the^nd of Ootober. The wind and rain combine to mar the completeness of the floral decorations of lawn and avenue. In that case, the remedy is at hand. The pot plants are buried in the earth, and the eye is satisfied. There is surely something v o! enthusiasm in these fond precautions on the part of Mr. Moore, to complete the glory of the place, at Carnival time. - O! the ferneries, the Ivied walls, the " hardening house," in which plaits are prepared for planting out; of the hedges of gazania and masses of pittosporum, of the plantations right and left, and the whole further details of this most pleasant spectacle, peak ne more. * Let me hope that there will e few of my readers who will not judge for hemselves in the first week of November, and hat of the thousands upon thousands who then rowd the Hill and Lawn and Stand and Flat, here will be as few ineensible to the circum- stance that in converting the public portion of Flemington racecourse into a epeoies of a great, garden, much has been done to forward thp interests of the popular sport and elevate its character by. its associations. We may be sure of this, that the lest horseracing is made purely s business for the gambler, and the more its brave influences are associated with beauty and refinement and honest wholesome enjoyment, the more certainly will its popularity expand and grow. Tonder, on the new track are a dozen beauties taking their gallops. As our trap ascends the gentle slope of the new members' road I watch them, and marvel not at the strong-hold the sport they oonfer upon us should have upon society. Nor do I wonder either that people who delight in such >orta should have been, and should still be stinguished'above all others, for their sturdy independence and robust manliness of character. 