OBRIGINAL POETRY. NIGHT. [From "The Deluge," an unpublished poem by an Australian author.] As a prelude t,' night it will be neces wary to give the concluding stanzas of a :cene occuring the day previous. The ark is supposed to be finished. A huge black thing, the laugh of all, Silnt in her sable p:.ll, In a clearing mid the trees. Herald has b'en through the land pro claiming a pubic holiday, and a vast multitude has assembled. Ten thouta-id in a circle vist Dancing rou-'d the mighty ship, Laughter madness on each lip. A singer is mounted on a platform, chanting a mock heroic stra:n about the oming flood, and one loud sho.ot rises to heaven as he baptiseo Noah, the righteous servant of God, the old Eeasatint:aliot, till at length The revelry of joy is ended, The cymblals cease their clashing loud, Friend calls to friend amidst the crowd. Drawing off in groups they g", In the diseance dies their laugh'er Of the ark and the hereafter. * * * a a. * Now reigns the night supremely grand, The beautiful in sunnuy clime, The warm s.veet biebth of Summer time. Silence sits upon her tlrone. Her watchmen sand upon their tower s Noting the tread of pa=sing horn-, Th' trooping by of angels. The round white moon is marked; Her robes of cloud left in the sea, Cold, and chased, she walked. Like a roadway in the night, Her silvery sheen lies on the water; The lonely sea; the round white mo n I Quiet, windless, beautiful, The sombre forest sleeping lies, Contained by the starry skies, Tent of the Almighty. Oh! night, sublimer far art thou Than the sunlit day to me, More of heaven is in thee, More of worship far thy soul i More of w.:nder in thy worlds, More of travel f.,r my thought, Humility and greatness taught. Power and majesty, and wisdom, Glory of the highest these In thy majestic hemi-phere, Viesiless as the heavenly mind, Sp'rit of the earth-the wind Cometh. blowing where it listeth. The tree tops oaken at its breath, With a low soft song they wake Weird like and sweet- the branches shake. Till army of shadow ghosts they seem, Bowing, beckoning- whither, whither ? And the wind says hither, thither. Thither, into the spirit land, The silent land-the land unknown, Where one by one the loved pass on, And the wind says-they have gone. Spirit of earth, and voice of ages, Sire of music, wand'ring wind ! The old pine forests long ago, Through Summer's sun and winter's snow Caught their music from thy breath i So the viol touched by man Tells what long before it heard, Perched on by the lonely bird A pine tree in the woods of old I And the music to'him seemeth As a song to one who dreameth, Heard before on other shore, Like dim remembrance of a child dream I The mighty sea was tuned by Thee, And rolls its anthem deep along A wordless everlasting song I Singing on a thousand shores. Round many a lonely rocky isle; Murmuring in the shipless bay As of old, ere Adam's day. And the song was taught by Thee, 0 Spirit of the land and sea. Ear of music is the mind, Sire of music is the wind. W. S. A. H. 