DOES DEATH STIKG 1 Dr G. L. iJeardsley, iu the Medical and Surgical Reporter, concludes that the dread or dying is quite as intense as the instinct of self-preservation. Indeed, it is not improbable, adds the doctor, that numbers" would care less about living were the modes of leaving the world a theme for happy contemplation, or an innovation to the routine of plodding that was agreeable. One is remarkably exempt from the crime of hasty induction if he affirms that there is no sane or healthy mortal who anticipates his ex tinction with any degree of pleasure. The function of dying is absolutely vegetative. —we fall to pieces like a flower. This very fact, that the process is chemical, confirms us in the conclusion that the final " throe " is as painless as the incon venience is nothing to the ratal pilgrim when he touches on daylight. A mo ment's examination of the way we are to die will show marks of fondness in our " shaking off." The degree of sensibility is proportioned to the integrity of the tissues. An inflammation heightens it; age depreciates it. Any defect in nutri tion disturbs the comfort of the individual until the carbonic acid generated in the devitalisation of the blood becomes fixed in the cells or is no longer displaced. The sensory ganglia everywhere part with their irritability by virtue of this poison, and cease to conduct currents. The criteria of death are being satisfied, and the process is consummated when this extinction of sensibility prevails at the ultimate filaments. During the progress of this dissolution of the nerve force, this creeping on of the numbness of death, the individual is rapidly passing into a condition of repose, and instead of torture or pangs, a degree of self-satis faction, oft approaching to enthusiasm, is realized. The sensations peculiar to the therapeutical operation of opium, hashish, ether, etc. are not improbably akin to the mental activities . of the dying. Barring j the hallucinations experienced in the j stupor as it gains on the subject, the 1 moribund is familiar with naught that j borders on suflering. The carbonic acid has poisoned or narcotised the several ganglia, and reflex productions are inter dicted. A consummate analgesia prevails. In short, the notion of pain is forbidden the instant that any stimulus fails to ex-' cite a response. The condition to this irritability is that the nerve centre and track be sound. If this vigor vanishes, reflex phenomena are at an end, and suffering, physiologically speaking, is im possible,because of the arrest of the func tion of the sympathetic. Fortunately, for a wholesome study of one's demise, there are assurances abundant, from vivi section, the testimony of those who have been restored to consciousness, and the affirmations of the dying, that there is no physical recoil from death. Burney tried hard to resist the efforts made to resusci tate him from drowning, so bewitched was ho by his . prolonged slumber. Br Solander, the traveller, was so delighted with the sensations of excessive cold that he wt3 the first to lie down in the snow to realise the luxury of such a death. William Hunter was sorry he was not able to "write how easy and delightful it is to die." Infants die as serenely as they breathe, and not a few among the ad vanced in years treat death as a friend to their infirmities. ■ Hanging is naturally rated, next to crucifixion, a most dis tressing procedure. But it is reported of those who have been saved from strangulation that the agony promised to be brief, and was rapidly replaced by hallucinations of a fascinating variety. One would fain believe that the kind God who suffered us to feel no sigh in coming would take no delight in turning our farowell into writhing—nay, He does not quit us at the last. He is our great est Benefactor in allowing us to slip out of weariness. Death is, assuredly, no tax collector ; its "jaws" are not the clutches of an assailant ; there is no ' 'Victory to the grave the ghost speeds away from us as it entered, with no ruffle. The sense of death, as Shake speare has it, is most in apprehension. It is the fear of the lonely night, not the throes, that makes the leaving; Dainful. 