'ENGLISH MAIL NEWS. LONDON, March G. I ~ SLTBE FTTFRSU-AFGHAN QUESTION. } . The Soudan campaign is nil.absorbing, bat .r' it hsa been momentarily eclipsed by the " Vdah'ger with Russia arising from tho Afghan (V. frontier question. Lord Granvillo, replying. ."'- to (jUeetions iti tho House of Lordaon tho 3rd, said tho Russians occupied tho Zulfikar .PesB, 20 miles south of Pulikhatum and Akabat, between Zulfikar and tho River . . KhUBt, and alao.Sariyazi, A Cossack post ' had been establirhcd at Pulikhatum, and two jjt'j;,".inilbs noHh of Penjdeh. Earl Granville eon ',v . eluded by stating that tho places above men .? ? tioned wore regarded by Her Majesty's Go . vernment as within Afghan territory. Mr. Gladstone declared in tho House of Commons ;V ....yesterday evening that tho policy to be pur i j. ; ,-sued by the Government in the Afghan fron .: .': -tier question would bo the sumo strictly i ?; < 'national policy in regard to which a general ';.Jand even a unanimouB accord prevails v i',throughout the country. Previous to the 'it <iiabove, declaration tho Government had ii i.rii ordered tlio inspection of tho troops at all ktatibns in the United Kingdom in order to ' ascertain the nutnberof men fit to take tho V, fielda month hence. Recruiting is goirg on i . 'Bt tlio rate of about 900 men weekly, six ; ibattalions of militia have already been em \- " bodied, and 1,700 of tho reserve men havo ? Volunteered for active servico. Military and : naval preparations nre actively proceeding fi 'l.&t.; Woolwich and all the dockyards. The i .U lpdiati native slato3 of Hyderabad, Bhopnl, Puttiaha, and Jheend havo offered contin r ';!' gehts should tho Central Asian orisis become ; graver. Somo of Geueral Graham's force ; liow.on their way to Sualcin will possibly bo \ ordered to India. This is all tho inoro feasi j ' 'blS ainoa Lord Wolsoloy will how maintain completely passive attitude unt'l the autumn. .. .THE SOUDAN CAMPAIGN, i.; V ; The concentration of Lord Wolsoley's force :; : .;wUl be effected as rapidly as possible, and ., r\ . 'further down tho river than was originally Y !.;,lntended, in order to avoid the possibility of . ;i, . the Mahdi gelting between him and Upper . Egypt. The.headquarters will bo moved to Dongola, but Lord Wolseley will probably ?1; ? come to Cairo, as his health has lately beon J?, giving way, and tho sight of hia ono sound -. eye is affected. Iho other was lust at Se v * b?Btopol, \- Tho lieat.at Korti is now KMdeg. in the .V" shade. ! .;? I* THE OFFERS OF COLONIAL TR.0 )PS. 'i' -? -V;'v Mr. Ashley, replying to a question in Iho i!u ' . House of Commons by Sir VV. Macarthur J - '."'concerning the offers of troops by South , I;.-^A'uatralia, Victoria, and Queensland, said doubt ever entertained or expressed ?a t-'.f.'WM'.ftB to the date at which, from a military ^i!> point of view, the offers could best bo utt fiSed. Mr. Aehley then road to tho House a 1! " telegram despatched to tho colonies on the (jlieation which Qaid that while tho disposal of further contingents during tho summer heat . in the Soudan would be most difficult -to :' r IqrfraD'ge, y$t if tho colonies, either indepen* dently or jointly, could despatch a force in August in time to arrivo in Egypt by Sep tember, the Government will most gladly re ceive it. THE SEPARATION MOVEMENT IN QUEENSLAND. Mr. Evelyn Ashley, replying to Sir, H. Drummond Wolff in tlu Houso of Commons, confirmed tho reports current on tho separa . tion movement in Northern Queensland. T|ie Government have not, he said," yet found themselves called upon to como to a decision thereon, but have, asked tho colonial Ministry for. their views on tho subject. The Govern-^ mont nt the bair.n time intimated that' they; would be very reluctantto advise the aeparav . '-.".lion of a parfc'of tho colony, if the wishes and ?".y requirements of the residents in that part can otherwise bo fairly tret. THE PACIFIC ANNEXATIONS. ;. ' Mr. Gladstono, replying to a question in tho HoU3e of Commons, en id that the ongago jnont between Franco and England to mam. tain the neutrality of the New Hebrides still remains in force. There has been no pro posui . that Franco should assume tho sovereignty of tho Now Hob: idea unless on terms satisfactory to the Australian colonies. 4s regurdathe north coast of New Guinea and Samoa, Mr. Gladstono siid thero has ......., - been no surronder of rights by Iho British .^Government in either case. Tho German annexations on tho north coast of-Now Guinea wore made in concert with England v r (aic). The German Government had ob« ^jorved its.engagement not to oocupy Samoa ^ jonga. TELEPHONIC MISCARRIAGES.-Some funny ihiogs happen on telephono linoo occasionally. Last evening (says the Herald a young follow xopaired to tho store wliero ho ia employed, after working hours, and rung up tho roai dcnco of his swoethoart. Tho connection way made, and the young blood inquired, " Is that you, Miranda " YOB, Georgo dear," oamo tho roply. "Are you alonof' " YOB darling." %* 1 wish I was down thoroj' "I wish so too." "Ir I woro .there, do you know what I would do with my darling?"' '*No, Georgo." " Well, I'd lighten tho loud, and put somo dirt in hor mouth." "Oh, you biute," cried Miranda, and now they never speak as. Ihey pass by. And tho man who was talking to a farrier about tho best ? plan for starling a jibbing maro says that anybody who will aaviHe & man 60 pat fits arms round tho neck of an nbntreperoua horse, aud hug and kiss it, and hold it on hi* aud whisper words of lovo in its a.ir, Ob^hf to bo hung to tho nearest lamp- post. I REHEARSAL.-A rehearsal will tako placo I at tho Temperance Hull, this evoning, of ,tho I piooea solectod for presentation on tho occn« sion of tho Eight Hours Anniversary jolebrn tion. Performers aro requested not to fail to put in an appearance. CATHOLIC SPORTS.-Wo arc -requested to intimate to tho four runners engaged in Iho final heat of the Sheffield Handicap, on Easter Monday, and all others interested, to meet tho committee this evening at eight o'clock. RACING A TRAIN.-Passengers by tho 7 o'clock train from Salo on Wednesday morn ing were witnesses (says tho Ilerald) to an exciting chase which took place this siao of Moo. Two horses had by somo meanBgoton the lino, and tho train alarming them, they for nearly two miles kept adv.anco of the engine. At times such was their position that but a few yards intervened between them and danger. Th^y actually crossed a narrow bridge, and it was only when a friendly cm bankment camo in view that tho animals eluded their snorting pursuer. On tho Lilydalo lino tho horse3 would havo got miles away from the train. THE MAHDI'S TEACHER.-Captain Verel, who is stated to bo giving tho Mahdi such information as ho possesses concerning mili tary tactics, appears to havo been an enemy of civilization from his first appearance.in public, according to certain particulars of his career which are publishod in tho ''Avonir Militairo." He blew up tho citadel of Lson in 1870, after it had been surrendered to tho I Germans, and after tho French had marched out and the invaders had marchcd in. Fifty men were killed and forty»five wounded by this dishonorable and unsoldierly proceeding, which, of courso, led to bitter reprisals later on. Thon when the war was ovor:ho.turned monoy- londer, and wao fined 30,000f, for swindling. Row'ho has found a congenial avocation, .and is aiding in tho spread, by Gro and slaughter, of a tast. religious*'swindle. Some day, perhaps, the Mahdi will treat him as ho did Faragh Pasha. A Jifo lileo that cf Veret could only fitly end on tho gallows. ANOTHER EPISODE.-This wretchod Soudan campaign is full of miserable episodes, and in addition to tho Gordon tragedy, wo havo J now (says tho Ticrahl) tho history of tho i equally disgraceful conduct cf the Gladstone Government with regard to tho garrison at Sinkat. . Mrs. Saitorins, wife of tho officer who served as Brigade Major with Bakor Pasha, has written a book. According to' I-ondon Reviews, it i3 not a well written or even a clever work, but it is startlingly truthful ; and if Mr. Gladstone has ever read it, it must have troubled his conscience DB the ghosts of his victims troubled Richard. ,It tells of tho early days of tho blundering at | Suakim, when Baker and hio stuff worked | their hearts out to put somo pluck into tho j miserable peasants sent up to be massacred, 'simply because Mr. Gladstone would'hold . bock the lion when one determined spring : would havo settled the whole matter, It I tells of tho appeals of the garrison atSinkat; and saddest of all, it gives in Fronoh.tho last letter of Tcwfik Bey, in which tho brave Cir cassian wrote his final request for assistance, concluding with tho wcrdu : " If help does hot now. come I will march out with tho mm I have left. It is better to die on tho buttle field than to starvo liko a rat in Sinkat, ur surrender liko a hare to tho rebels.'* Atid so ho spiked his guns and marched out to his death, leaving his blood to rchfc on the heads of thoso who had deserted him. Tho Mo33agoriu3 Maritimes s.s. Calo donien, from Melbourno, tho 28th Febru ary, arrived at Marseilles on Monday, four dayB and a half in advanco of contract time. Prince Albert Victor cf Wales has been entered as a student of tho Middlo Temple, and is expected to begin keeping his terms at Eastor, : Bomembcr that a littlo Hop Bitters saves big Doctors' bills, and euros when all plso.rfails Road. v . . ' 