The Suspicion* C'sise of Drowning. TJ'.e adjourned inquest on the bodv <*f ;J !iam Allen, «ho was found drownecl in the lorrens Lake, near the Company's hrid?9' on Saturday morning, was continued at the Destitute Asylum on Tuesday moraine At the inquest held on Saturday afternoon th-» only evidence taken was that of i'.r. Welling ton, of Lower North Adelaide. The coroner adjourned the inquest at that stage, stating that the case was a most suspicious one. Th jury on Tuesday morning visited the scene of the occurrence. Mr. L. Boeder was foreman of the jury. Inspector Bee watched the ea-e on behalf of the police. Robert Rowland Stuart, laborer, said that he was in the company of Allen on Saturday even ing about 5 o'clock. Met him near the Lion Brewery, and went from there to the British JLavern. Had a drink there. Was sober, but Allen was slightly intoxicated. Proceeded \\\r10if •* ^?T.ani^s to the Company's Bridge. rr^V2 0tH Iack->" about 5.V.. •S er :l'"l remained about "i 5, ^ hile there had no augrr iltn U,e Vn?eC?aa?:]', The" went with Allen into the Lotamc l'ark. Staved there about live minutes, when deceased said he was tired and went to sleep on the trroim L Remained with him for about the minutes, and then proceeded slowly to the P.vs Hotel in Kent Town, llid one RlaV/'S beer there. After about ten minutes hot elapsed returned to deceased, who was adeer* in the same place. Woke him and went int"> the Hackney Hotel between 7.30 and S o'clock. Allen was not sober. After remaining there for about twenty minutes went to cross the Company's Bridge, but deceased thought it was too dark to walk across a narrow plank, the bridge being under repair. Went to re turn by way of Prome Bridge, and had got about 250 yards from the Company's Bridge, when deceased turned around and called out, "Help!" "Police!" "Murder!" Said, " tor God's sake, Allen, don'tmake that noise: you will have all the country around us in five minutes.'* Deceased continued to call out. Told him if he persisted in yelling I would leave him. As he continued to call out, left him on the car riage drive, and returned to the bridge. When about 150 yards away still heard him calling out. In front of the Hackney Hotel there were several young men standing who asked. "What's up?" replied, "Find out." Crossed the bridge, stood at a po3t, and waited for them. Thought they wanted to fight. Thev asked why I had crossed the bridge so quicklv, replied that I did not want to Ge pitched into by a lot of larrikins. They said that they wanted to know the meaning of the cries. Went back with them to the park to look for Allen. While in the park a constable joined the party, who arrested me. Deceased was in the habit of calling out in the night. One night could not sleep for his cries. Lived in the next house to deceased, Elizabeth Allen, wife of the deceased, sail that he was about 48 years old, and for eighteen years he had been in the police force; he was previous to his death messenger at the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. He was subject to epileptic fits. Never heard him shout out loud except in his sleep. Have heard him say "My God, my God." Never heard him say, " Murder, police." He has given away to drink lately. Last saw him alive on Friday, between 1 and 2 o'clock. Missed two 4-1-notes, but could not say whether he took them. Never heard any words between Allen and Stuart. Did not tell Stuart that she thought her husband might do away with himself. He was down hearted and despondent. Dr. Corbin said he had made a post-mortem examination of the body of William Allen. There were bruises on both knee3, principally the left, which may have been a few days' old. On removing the scalp found spots of effused blood on the top of the skull over a space of about 4 by 2 inches. The brain was healthy and uninjured. The fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth ribs were broken. There was blood effused on the inner surface of the chest under these fractures. The heart was healthy ; both cavities contained dark fluid blood, with some small black clots. There was more blood in the right side than in the left ventricle. Both lung3 were gorged with dark blood. There nits an absence of the frothy mucous usually seen in cases of drowning. It appeared a case of simple asphyxia. The other organs were healthy, but the liver and kidney were rather dark. The cause of death was suffoca tion, probably by drowning. Ifamanhadfallen 41 feet such injuries might have resulted. The fractures of the ribs were very severe. The blow on the head gave the impression that they were caused by the body pitching on the head rather than from a weapon. There was no appearance of any brain disease at all. Thomas Samuel Bristow, landlord of the Hackney Hotel, saw Allen and deceased m the bar of his hotel. Alien called for two glasses of beer, and asked to see a paper. While witness was looking for the paper Allen and Stuart had two glasses of beer. Allen remarked to Stuart that he was a better man than Stuart—in a jocular way. They left at about (5 o'clock. At 7.30 saw Allen and Stuart. Heard AJlen say, " How would you do it V Did not hear the reply. He then came into the hotel. Asked if they had had their fight out. Stuart replied, " That the c was afraid, and the other did not like tc.'. They remained for about fifteen minutes* Allen paid for the drinks on both occasions When they left the hotel they went towards the park gates. Ephriam Palmerston, special constable, stated that he was called out by Retchford about0 mm. on Friday. Went to the Botanic Park. Saw Stuart, and asked him what had become of the old man. Stuart said he had left Allen near the big gate. Stuart was not drunk. Sent for P.O. Wellington. Stuart said, "If they do find the old man they will find no marks on him. I defy all the doctors in Ade laide to tell how he came to his death." Asked him again where Allen was. He replied, " A3 true as God is my judge I know nothing about it." When Wellington arrived handed Stnart over to him. Looked for marks of a scuffle, but found none. Edmund Retchford said, in company with others, he was standing in front of the Hacknev Hotel. Heard the cry of "Murder" and " Police" proceeding from the Botanic Park. About five minutes after saw Stuartemergefrum the park, and asked him what wa3 the matter. Hesaid, "Mindyonr own business." He'crossed the bridge, and witness and others folh>wed him. Stuart returned with them, and appeared quite the reverse to wanting to find Allen, and said he had no doubt he had gone home. Went for P.O. Wellington. Stuart did not seem t» be drunk. James Retchford corroborated the evidence of the previous witness. Robert Braithwaite also corroborated, adding that when Stuart was asked Allen's name ne gave it as Walker. Witness called and heard several others call for Walker. Helped to search for Allen, and left at about one. _ o'clock on Saturday morning. Before leaving Stuart asked if any one was going through the park lands to Adelaide. Witne-s said that he was, and Stuart then asked if he could go with him, as he was afraid of the old man's ghost. He said this in a jocular tone. William Craig, who had been in the com pany of the two Retchfords and Braithwaite at the Hackney Hotel, corroborated their evi dence. _ William Yicary, gardener, of Hackney, also gave corroborative evidence. William Warburton said that when he v. a searching with Stuart and the others for Allen he asked Stuart the name of the man who was calling out "Murder," and he replied that his name was Walker. Police-constable Wellington said that he had searched the body of Allen, and found 7s. !>d. in silver, and the balance, lid., in copper; also, a handkerchief and a box of matches. The jury, after about half an hour's retire ment, returned a verdict to the effect that deceased came to his death by suffocation from drowning by falling from the banks of the Tor rens in Botanic Park. They added a rider censuring Robert Stuart for hi3 inhuman con duct to deceased in leaving him after having been previously in bis company, and praising the conduct of the witnesses in detaining Stuart. 