BlY AD DY. There is a little mlachief.maker S That is stealing half our bliss, Sketching pictures in a dream-land That are never seen in this. Dashing from our lipr the pleasure Of the present while we sigh; You may know the mischief- maker, For his name is ly and By. He is sitting by our hearth-stones; With his sly, bowitching glance, Whisp'ring of tihe coming morrow, As the social hours advance; Lolt'ring mid our calm reflections, Biding forms of beauty nigh; He's a smooth, deceitful fellow, This enchanter, Bly and By, You may know him by his winning, By his careless, sportive air, ly his sly, obtrusive presence, That is straying overywhere; Ily the trophies that he gathers, Where his sombre victims lie, For a bold, determined fellow Is this conqueror, By and By. When the calls of duty haunt us, And the presentseems to be All the time thalt over mortals Snatch from dark eternity, S Then a fairy hand seems painting l'ictures on a dainty sky, For a cunning little artist, Is the fairy Ily and ly. Or all the singular instances reported of human in telligence developed in animals, one of the most peciu liar exists in the facmily of an American gentleman. The wonderful little anilnal is a comnon house mouise, and the pet of Miss Lizzie, the gentleman's youngest daughter. It was caught in a trap last spring, and when about to lie drowned in a pail of water was rescued by Miss Lizzie, for whom it soon formed a strong attachment. Miss Lizzie is very fond of crocheting, and the mouse, whiich she has named "Little Billy," would sit on the table watching her by the hour. On several occasions, whlen the young lady laid down her work, " Little Billy " woulfafttempt to take up the crochet-needle anod follow her motions. Trihe thought at last occurred to her that lie desired to learn crocheting. She produced ia small crochet needle, and fastening it to a forepaw with a narrow ribbon, gavehcim sonime Ma:erme cord to practise with. It learned slowly at first, but with the careful and patient attention of its mistress, "Little hilly" ulti. mately overcame the intricacies of the stitchl:, and now crochets as industriously as its young mistress. It has already crocheted itself a nubia and small bed. spread, and is now engaged on a woollen hood for Miss Lizzie. OCEc upon a time some boys boarded with a teacher, in Scotland, whose house was not far from a country churchyard. They determined to alarm the old gravedigger, who was in tie habit of reaching his cottage, often late at inight, by a ihort cut throughl tie burying-ground. One boy, who was specially mischievous, and had often teased old .Andrew, dressed himself up in a while sheet, and while his companions were to lie flat upon tlhe graves, mnoan lng, whlcen the old man iapproached, " Bully Warren," as he was called, was to rise up slowly behind ca head stone, and finally to stand on its top, with his long drapery falling down on every side, sot as to give great height. Hand dignity to his pcrson. After waiting patiently, but not without some anxiety and fear for Anidrew, he was at last seen iapplroaching the memorial alone behind which Warren was enasconced. Soon a nlumber of low moans were Ihea]rd coming from among the graves. "Keep us a'!" exclaimed Andrew. "What's that? " And as lie approached slowly and cautiously toward tihe tombstone a white figure arose, and got. taller and taller before his eyys. "?VIhat's this?" askedl Andrew, with it voice which seemed to tremble with fear,although if any one had seen how he grasped his stick le would not have noticed his Ihand trembling. " It's the resurrec tion ! " exclaimed the irreverent Blily Warren. " The resurrection ! " replied Andrew. "Mahy I tank' the lee?erty o' askin'," Ice continued, slowly approaching the ghost, "if it's the general irne, or are ye just takin' n quiet dauinder (saunter) by yersel'?" Sosay ing, Andrew rushed at the ghost, and seizing it, while a number of other smaller arid darker ghosts rose aid ran off in terror to the school - house, he ex claimed, "Come aw' wi' me! I think I surely Ihena buried y- deep eneuch, when ye can rise sac easy! Bu It I hae dug a fine, deep grave this morning, atd I'll pit ye in't, and cover ye up with sao micleo irth, that my word ye'll ni get out for anithrli daunder." So saying, Andrew, by, way of carry)inc his threats out, dragged Muster Bully Warren to\war?l n nowly-made gravel I The boy' horror may he imagined, as Andrew was too powerful to adrmit of his escapo. lie cassailed the old mlan with agonised petitions for mercy, for he was a great coward. " I'm not ac ghost.! Oh, Andrew, I'm Peter Warren. Andrew ! Andrew ! don't Iury me ! I'll never again annoy your! Ohc--o-o-o-o--!" Andre , after having adminisetered what, he considered due punishment, let Warren off with the admonition: "Never daur too speak o' gude things in you way! Never play at ghicsts again, or leevcc folic like me iary grip a ghaisr like you, and tak a stick tnO yo I Aft wvi ye !" UNCLcc WILLIAM. A Soutril:rNs paper tells s stlory about an elephant escapintlg from it menagerio a slily or two since, and adds, that passing through a pihntation, the huge bieast came across two stacks of fodder--one of thes stacks lie devoured instantly, while ihe hoisted the other oil his trunkl, and bearing it. before himi a shield for him, lie marched on in solitary grandeur, lie soon reached it point where the negroes of the plantation were taking their dinner, when til unusual sight which mettheir eyes so friglhtened them, that they all turned cwhite. ichon their fears had subsided, linding they were all wlhito men and women, theiy deliberately walked off, andt left tihe owner of the plantation with out a solitary darkey. Wmver is sought is cheaper than a gift. A n.cr workmcan quarrels with his toole. A e.cu:r.s?s watch invites the vicilanti foe. Wrt:.' acc thing is done advice comcs tolo late. lie that cwill not be counseled cannoi t e ielpell, Wr.vAT children hear at hone soon flies abroad. Sli: slow of giving advicc, ready to do It service. No ma eover lost Ihis credit but lie who had it. not. 'lT'i: hllance distinguishes not bctwtscn gold itnd lead. A tc irus e,(rli' will someitienos co wltee, i shalrp axe will not. A couerNr.vuA mancy be as warm in kersey is a lcing in velvet. lh.tisos,mnan'sgrcatestfnculty,tsl:es time, to hiesitato before it dicides. M.l. u t hle bridge from tihe cradlel to nm cinhoid just as long ias you can. 'liii: wavy to Icaice yoITrself pleasing to othlcers i to shio\V tI la t 0you1 care foir theml. \WoMAiAN feels cwhere mcan thinkci, eacts welre hre clde lilbelrat es, tcnd tricumphs where he faIlls. Tmi: charilties that soolhe, andc heal, nnd bIless, lio saltterd act thee feet.o f cmecn like flowers. Ie tlia wosrld see ht nLyour first ears is for your self, eand you wtill ilsprecad a sollitudle erouncd yiu. Dto ccii, losi concrage by consildering youir oe'n ien 1ierfeclionss, but instanctly set about recmedlying them. Ti'u bread of lifo is love ; the sualt of lift, wolk; the sweetncess of life, poesy; tile water of life, faith,. • ~ '... ONE of the illusions is that th1e prerut Ilour is not the critical, decisive hour. Write itonyour hesart that every day is the best day in the year. Tun wise and wholesomeiresttr:aits of parental lore of family ties, of a good government, of public opinion, and even of social observan:s, are the best p1ossible preparations for that slf-r, tr.lint which is the reek on -which all true liberty is built. No slavery is so) abject and lhnunilianting as tlht whlich chliins us iu servile obedience I) our own ap; tites and passins, and no power on earth can fr fre . i no frm-s such boels except the power of relf- restraint. This power, like all others, is devcloped by continual exercise, and he who resists or contronns all cxterrnl restraints stiuts himself out from this devclapcol nt. Te calcaulatin of reward for Itab.ir, whether in the form of money or tillte, preae-lt spptlase or future appreciation, incites to naun'Ith endeavour andi prolduces muclhofvalue to society. It, isoneof the great motive powers to human action, and tlheref, re we can never afford to despipe or to attack itl. But where it is tioe one and only aim, tilling the mindanitleaving no room for any earnest desire for the work itself to endure or to be worthy of duration, tit-re canl be no great.less, no fine mond character, and nonle of the higher forms of human halppiness. I LIKs men who are temperate and moderate in everything. An excessive zeal for that which is goo 1, though it may not be offensive to sir,- at all events raises my wonder, and leaves nme in a difficulty how I should call it. Goon-TE??r En is the philosophy of the heart, a ge:n in the treasury within, whliose rays are reflected oel all outward objects; a perpetual sunliline, imparting warnth, light, and life to all within the sphere of its influence. , Suow me the man you honor. I know by that symptom, better than any other, what you are vyour self; for you sallow me then wlhat your ideal of mani hood is, what kind of man you long inexpressibly to be. NrmEsn speak evil of another while you are under tlhe influence of envy and malevolcnce, but wait till your spirits are cooled down, anud you my better judge whether to utter or suppress the mna.tter. IlBWARt flhat thou never tellthy dreamsineompany; for, notwithstanding thou mayst, take a pleasure in telling thy dreams, the company will tatIe no pleasure in hearing them. . ENJor the blessings of this day if God sends them, and tlio evils bear patiently and sweetly; for this day is ours; we are dead to yesterday, and we are not born to-morrow. I'BleAni of quarrels. They are often raised about the merest trifles; and yet, when olnce biegun, are with the greatest difficulty imaginable brought to it friendly conclusion. L, cANCAsuin ItIFcnRtATIONS.-Many misecncetptions prevail as to the character of the recreations of Ithe Lancashire peoplo. It is supposed in the south that kicking their wives and punching all who differ from tlhm are the favourite recre."tions of tIe mten. Tlhere are, no doubt, some grounds for this belief. " If t lit doaena' shut up, I'll purr thee wi' miy clogs," was the answer of an Oldham roughl to ia fellot-l-passenger who objocted to smoking in a railway carriage; alnd but for the interference of another passenger the threat would have been carried out. No slmoker, howes cr well- bred, likes to be compelled to put out his pipe; and it would be sl rather dangerous operation to eject a haw-brcaker in the person of a collier, especially it lie haind his bull dog with him. One of the diversions of the factory lads in the north of Lancashire isjumping ; anld, in order to becolme eflicient ill the art, theyi dis pense with all theirclotling, however cold the weathcer. A Preston newspaper of the 5tttitIatuar'y, 185.1, reports the arrest of ten youths charged with obstructcing Iie footpath, "jmnnping in n state of nudity." Fities varying from Is. to £1 were infsicted upon thes! offendcrs against pullic nmorals. Jutllling in it state of nature must not, Iowenover, Ie considered oine of the usua!tl recreations of tlhe Preston lads. tlliclckburni, ill thie north-west of Lancashire, is generally considered the centre of the rough cleinolt. of the county. It was at Blackbturn where an imagitnltive journalist uaid the scene of the cock fieght, in the itummer of 1883. The sublject led Mr. T. D. Sullivan to put t question to the Holme Secretary, whose reply was mlost facetious "T'le honourable tetlnber will ob:serve," said Sir ~i'm Ilarcourt, " that in order thereshoutldbe i proi;eceut ion it is neccs~ary there shlould be all Ocffelit? and an offender, andi in order that proceedings should be talen it is essential that there should have beten a cock light. It is true that thle details appearcd in tmost of the public journals, but I live before observed that, these lire harrowing ind heartrendtng incidents, and If ia romantic character, which tretsnt intended tobetaken as true. 'rThey are works of ficl ion, and are favlrtiailea subjects among journalists." Surely, also, that was a work of liction whic appearedit ii a ltndon evening paper on it certain day in April last, describing aia "incursion of Northern barba:rians, hot-blotoded Lancastrians, sharp of tonlguel, lroulgh andl readily, of uncouthl garb and si)eechi." If wie andit the truth of some of these allegations, we deny that. the picture represents the real character of .ilancashire working men. The form of their recreat ions differs in dilferent towns. fThe disciples of lsee Walton nulmber iitiiiy hundreds in Bolton; and, in fact, all through tile colliery districts lishing is becoming a populahr plursuit.. 'fhie only drawback is the long distanuces these amtlllltlur lishermen nro compelled to travel ill order to gratify their elevating pursuit. In other towns, especially ill Manchester, botanising isthe favourite rereatieon Iti "Eawr tFolk" Mlr. Edwin Waugll thus inliates tilhe varied tastes of the better classes of art.isans: Eawr Johnny gies hias mind to hooks; Eawr Abrant studies plants, tHe caps the dule for nmoss all' ferns Ass' grooin' polyants. For aught abeawt nmechanicltin Eawr Ned's tile very lad; 1My uncle Jamie roots i' th' stars Enough to drive him nmad. -Ar-hur Ilcade, in London Sociefty. A Wlrrr -fosuN-..tNDEnu.-Crivetl Cotlta ge, l"illunn as at one te tise the resitdence of a celebrated Imouiey lender, -Iwho was generally known a s " Jew iing." lie was, its Captain Gronow tells us, in his musing "Reminiscenees," a man of somie talent., and had good tasto in the flie arts. lie lsd ismade the peerage ai com plete study, lniew- the exact, position of every onei who was connected with a coronet,the \lvalt uefhisn proelirlty, hows deeply the estates were mortgaged, lad lwhat, encumbrances weighed upon them. Nor lit his knowledge stop there ; b1y dint of sundry liund atten tions to the clerks of the leadling banking-h, uses, Ihe was aware of thle balances they kept, and the credit attached to teir naitmes, so that., to the surlprise if the borrower, he let, himt into the secretLS of hlis own c.tui:al position, Ie gstve excellent dinnter-, ntt, which niany of the lighest, personages' of tile reahn t ' ase pr.-sest; andti Nltell thly fancied that, tiy were aboeut t o meet individuals wshoem it -would be upln t wlir c.ns-ciencie io recognise elsewhere, were not i little aunluisld to il: clients quite ts highly pliuctd as tlmiise5lves, and \ith purses quite as nmpty. liing liid I, wcell-litintiidti ihonse is Clarges-strcet, Picendlly; but it, ,was theri thst his hlospitalitieswerienostinivishly nnii lxurimu-sly exesrcised. Ihirerit was tthat Sherid:n told his lule ti ctiola table ; tlo whtitC tis htest, who was notit oiily witty, but oftsi the cause ofswit iin others, replhid, "I ltaow, IMr. Sheridt, your tasnte is imore ir tIo-hztig than for Jew Kinig,'" alhluinfig to the tadmiralle pr forimanuce of tie actor, King, in Shcridan's , .hol/,l ,/bre ,5eaehdil.--Caseell'a" O/dia01 uiii , it' coeleou." ]hlut.AitiS lIMsaIsiED li (11 Nrti ENit i.ss,.-T-h-lre Ih iee becen s-ltut cunlrious narrativeswhich hlu-mve lecnll-l rieat- d to le by friendtls, but I, the accurncy of whlich I have not, beI able to virify. Otton highit a dii r old lily 'a0s going to bed in re-mote ehl;mnlbtr in ai Ilig ltuiseo iwhen she eccidentlly perleivid a nan hiddentlll utnder the hedstead. Shie ktnelt down ly the buedshtulo andtl repeated aloud the beautilifiul collect of the evening pra.yer of the Chlurch of lusgland. Shile then iblew out hcr candle, antId quietly got into Iucd. P'rie?intly a voice soundted underneath the bied telling her not to bie afraidt, and that hie wouldl do iher nl harnl . The Iurghtr then eame out, ind said that this was his hirst ilfelnee, ad tt;Ilt he had bee-n driveou to it, by poverty. ie addeditt that the words of thie collect hadt reecnaltd to hn I.he tinue when lie was stillinlnocent, iandt thati if shte Swould only forgive huim, he woulsl go iawiy quietly, andi never oltend againlst the hIsw again. The story goes on to say thalt the Itan waos trully ireplent1nt, antil thati tho good ltdy sanw h]im earn-iing on hlones livilng. I Ihaive soaeto reason to Ibelievro that. this story is really inthentlch. I Sm hy no meanS? equallsty core of ai sllilar story wohi(l Cnllses to ts frolt Asieric. There an iatiablee lspinster canlmly watched u house breaker 1l111e Its fuelaiius entry inio her appartmcnt. "My poor, ldear rInlt," sili exclninmed," I alu sure you iut;l. have bIeen in ver-y dlreitulil distress before youl eouhl thilnk ofi doing such ia very wicked thling ts blrekting into a house. I - tu atfrtih your wife anud chitliren must beI sltarving. Sit doiwn and tell me ill about it." Theo repelnt anti urgitr imninediatel-y urst, into a floodr of tears. "Y oumnst Ilave snome breiad nndt cheese and hroor nt, once," suaid the lady, " beforn is extentipiorisCd is notstt isot hii thie n1Irrative. I shnild liuke tslis slory to bl true, but I ans aifraid lthat it its en good to g iI good fir nothing,.--.ll the huar Icy nusic we reach thlOSe special ut iutees of cotisciolls. ness whichl, being wittoutaforl, rcnllnot s b uiaped wVith thle mossaics of thle vocabulary.-- Hohnet . 