riffs Ittufataij ?\\)tm\ût THE FABMEB8' ADVOCATE. BATÛItDAY, StAV 16, 1SSS. "THEME is nothing like success" is ai axiom, and acting upon it, we carino better than add our mite to a concerti is successful-and that concern is Hawkesbury District Agricultural Am tion. It must not be assumed, howe that because we stick to a thing thi goin g a-hoad, we argue that o Üiings not so successful should be alio to drop out of existence for want of a 1 nursing ; not at all. There are many thi in the district which require all Ute J they can gt-t, but being moral tuovem merely, and nothing to oe made out of th necessarily there is not an extraordii run upon them for membership. Whicl no way detracts from the H, D. A. /. because, though its main object is to ] duce wealth in the district, lu which m individual will share, more or less, we not think that those persons who sp their money and labour upon tho m beautiful exhibits one saw at the late sh found themselves much in pocket ther -even though they were the princi winners ; though, no doubt, they, as i as others, will share in the good resi bye abd bye-and if not they, their chi rea will. Still, the local annual show of the < trict is not near perfect-it is still feel its way along, and in spite of a big cn from a few persons, a couple of years a has forged a-head considerably since thi and it is for this reason, we think, that < Society should be assisted by everyone the district : everybody will derive a bei fit from its efforts, and everybody shoi contribute to its support. Numbers are strength, and a number small amounts invariably make a big' total than merely a few large sums ; a though the majority of us may not be it position to become members and pay a guinea subscription, most of us, we thit should be able to give something. We have another institution in o midst-a humane and philanthropic one which is well supported, partly by t guineas of members, and partly by small donations ; and there is no earthly ros» why the District Agricultural Socie should not be also, and if every man wi can afford time to leave his work to attei the show one day of the three, handed in small donation annually, these sums in t! aggregate would enable the Association still further extend its operations. Whether a general canvass of the di trict has ever been made, we do not koo -though something of the kind was doi in 1883, in regard to Windsor and Bid mond, for in the list of donations for thi year, we see the sum of £13 down ' " Storekeepers - Windsor and Bichmond This is certainly a small sum from a coo parativelylarge body of people, somo fe are certainly contributors in other way but still, the sum is insignificant. But wi confine it to storekeepers-why should m every man, no matter ? what his calling < profession, be asked Î and if the responi ts but a shilling it is something, an shillings count up to pounds in a shoi time-as instance the gate money. The storekeepers of both Windsor an Bichmond may, perhaps, do a little bus ness with the Society, but we fail to se that they derive more general benefit froi the Annual Show than any other section < the community-that is, taken all round they share in the general prosperity, n doubt, but not more in proportion than othe people, and, therefore, it is difficult to se why they should be asked to contribuí especially. As we have said, the amoun collected the year before last was insignifj cant, though, were the storekeepers in eluded in a general canvass, they migh feel disposed to come down more band som ely - at any rate, it is worth putting i to the test. The work of collecting this £ li fell upon the shouldeis of one or twi gentlemen who kindly gave their time fo the purpose ; but in the case of a genera canvass, other arrangements would have tc be made-either by lists left at the banks and the principal storekeepers who an members of the Association, or by a paie canvasser ; and whichever way the Cora mittee decide, we feel assured that the sun collected would add considerably to thi special prize list, or to be devoted in othei ways as the Committee might consider best. With regard to the Show itself, it hat been admitted on all sidos that it was i good one-though in some sections there seemed to us to be a falling off. Thi horses, farm-produce, seeds, fruit, pre serves, poultry, and needle-work seemed tc us to be all good-and if anything, much in advance of former years. We do no! know whether farmers consider pigeons oí any agricultural value about a farm, or not, any more than greyhounds, blood horses, fine arts, or fancy wool work-and one might also say buggies; but seeing that our farmers, as well as other people, go in for these sort of things-and why should they not if their means permit them ? there is no reason why they should be excluded. Still, they are not, we think, within what mny be called strictly agricultural lines. Farmers may yet require fleet-footed dogs to chase the bounding hare from their corn fields-though powder and shot would be more effective; and there is nb tangible reason why a farmer's wife or daughter should not be as well able to paint a pic ture, weave some incomprehensible thing with wool, silk or thread-or play the piano even-as well as tradesmen's wives and daughters : and to that end we might fairly have a pianoforte contest on one day of the exhibition. A farmer's wife that can make a decent batch of eatable bread, make her boy's- pants-or his shirts, if it were a saving to do so; maka a bottle of pickles, or pot of jam, and by way of recrea tion, if her hands were not full, fill in the time by sketching the homestead in water colours, making a cushion for the best room sofa, or playing her old man off to sleep with a symphony or something from Beethoven on the piano, should be a woman worthy of a man's choise. Optimists ob ject to this sort of tiling ; we do not always provided that the essence of a farmer's wife's duties are not made second ary-we mean her cooking, her preserves, and her poultry. If a sixty guinea piano forte be not considered out of place in a Yorkshire or Staffordshire miner's cottage, it surely should not be in the house of an Australian farmer. We aro not objecting to these things; but so long as there are sections open xor them, it would be more pleasing itt the visitor to see them filled, and BUÜ mora pleasing to the donors of special prises to find their efforts to elevate our young people appreciated. The fine arts "section has really dwindled down to a laroo, and only for the compartment in which the few exhibits were bung, having been taken tip with Nature's handiwork tn the shape of a very nice ool lection of chrysanthemums, colei, etc., there would have been almost nothing to see. There is plenty of talent in our midst, «nd we know many of both sexes who could shine conspicuously with either pencil, brush, or pen, could they only be drawn out from their retirement. Thia should not be a mere money matter with these young people, there should be some thing higher and nobler than the mere love of gain; it is true, our young people have a keen eye to the main chance, but it is hoped that ntl are not sordid. The prizes offered at the late show in the < fine arts section were not bad: take the specimen of handwriting for instance, a prise of £1 was offered, and what Was the result? three competitors only, and not one of them from a Public School in the district, j Two were from; the Convent School« at Richmond, and one from a school outside the district ; and surely, this is act because there are no good writers in our district schools, but mainly, we believe, o<ving to the indifference of both teachers and pupils. As we have said, the mere money value of a Elise should be as nothing'compared to the ouour of gaining it; at the last agri cultural show held at Orange, we are told that there were over twenty exhibitors of handwriting for a prize of ten shillings only; at our own show, there were many splendid exhibits of women's and girl's handiwork, which must have taken many long evenings to execute, for which the prize offered was only tho same amount, whereas, the price for handwriting was £1. Thus, our girls are much more to be commended than our boys, for they certainly seem to take an honourable pride in emulating each other in their several lines, whereas the boys either lack that pride, or the industry necessary to achieve success. If it is considered neces sary that a farmers' daughter should not only be an adept in the art of making jams and sauces, in preserving fruit, and in plain sewing, but that she should also be au fait in the various accomplishments of working in wool, crewel work, embroidering, paint ing, and drawing, it is not too much to ex pect that farmers' sons should be able to write a decent hand, compose an essay on any part of a farmer's calling, measure a section of land, and trace its position on paper. If it is desirable that our farmers' daughters should grow up not only useful but cultivated women, it is certainly un desirable that their sons should grow up ignorant louts, even though they-as their father's have done- have to follow the plough's tail. It seems to have been considered by many, of late years, that the calling of a farmer is a poor one, and therefore to be despised-but this is a great mistake ; no calling can be healthier, more insttuctive,1 "or more honour able than that of the agriculturist! and. while it may bs deplored that many of our farmers' sons Gan see no charm in the calling of their fathers, matters will not be mended by simply allowing them to grow up uncouth' and uninformed ; and it is just here where the Annual Show should be of serviré in the absence of an agricultural college : the Public School does its work up to a certain point, and hom that point the growing lad should not be left to chance, but should con tinue to gain knowledge to fit him fur the hattie of life, just as the city boy does after he leaves school. In view of this, perhaps the Association will see their way clear to offer such prices to farinera' sons as may have the effect of stimulating them in Borne way, to take a greater interest in farming pursuit«. Surely, if a boy. attend a State school until he is fourteen, and intends following his father's avocation, he should be able to improve upon his parent, who, probably, had not a tenth of his advantages. Book learning can no more injure a farmer's son than the «on of any other man; and the foolish prejudice that obtains against education should give way and would, were it only shown that the edu cated boy contd be not only as practical in the field as others, but that he could improve his lands, his buildings, his implements, and the general system of labour on his farm, in such a manner that his father never dreamt of. It is a pity, we say, to see yoting men with no higher nmbition than to own a good horse or a dog ; let them own both, by all means, but it should not be their Al\,ha and Omega in life-which, unfortunately, it too often is. It should never be said of our State schools, that they can turn out tradesmen, mechanics, and civil servants (the latter by hundreds'), but no farmers ; this reproach does not lay at the doors of the teachers, but of the par. ents, who should endeavour to show their sons that the cultivation of the soil is a far more desirable, and even remunt rative, pur. suit than that of s State paid servant-at any rate, though he may be subject to all the reverses incidental to seasons and fluctuation« of prices, there can be no calling-except perhaps that of the gold miner-where he can feel sn independent. A district agricultural show, then, should be one of the means of elevating the farmer's occupation ; to let him see that a husband man may be as cultivated in his own ideas as are his own bright fields and pastures ; that a farmer's life is worth living for, and that onre a year, at least, he could appear before all the world and ask it to judge of his in» dustry and intelligence. As we have often i said before, «hat one man can do another ! can do ; and when we see farmers all round our district vieing with each other in horse flesh, cereals, roots, seeds, fruit, etc, and their wives in splendid preserves, etc., and beautifully stitched linen, we can only re peat " go thou and do likewise." Farming in the district is really but in its infancy, and *e have great faith in the Hawkesbury Dis trict Agricultural Association as a sort of wet nurse to help it along ; and as such it will be advantagous to all sections of society to help that wet nurse along also- seeing that the demands upon it will be greater every year of ita existence. It must grow steadily -as farming advances, so must the Associa tion ; the one wiH bc thc outcome of the other, and there must be fair anpport accorded so as to make things equal. The Slate, very properly, just now lends a helping I hand-and it does 60 because, as we have said, farming cannot yet toddle itlohei but the time wi) come when thi* subsidiary aid will be withdrawn, abd theo, we trust, the rt. D. A. Association will be as firm a* * bank and its members counted by thousand*. Ona of the magistrate* at the Ute licensing Court remarked that he had been informed that the Local Option Vote had not been talen properly at the last Municipal election in Windsor, Mr. LAMROCK, in saying this, simply gave publicity to what he had been t ld, and not, probably, that he believed it; s ill, it is quite evident that some one believed it, and, therefore, had tried to make the «orihy magistrate believe it also. Before people lay their little heads to» pether to Mark up a belief of this kind, they should first make themselves acquainted with the Act, and then, when they knew what its provisions were with regard to the way in which the Local Option Vote should he taken, they would be in a better position to spread the assertion broadcast. It is surprising that people who lay such (rreat stress Upon this principle of Local Option-people who think this matter of circumscribing the operations of the retailer of alcoholic tipple, arid who believe that the drink question is one of the most vital questions of the day, »re not more attentive to their own inti rests ; and that they were not so at the last Municipal meeting held in Windsor, is quite evident, hy the gross carelessness «nd ignorance they displayed during the day. That men, believing in « principle so impor tant as they hold thi* to be, should go to sleep, end then, because when they slum*, bored the enemy stole a march upon them, to turn round and abuse people, seem* to us to bea very weak and childish way of wriggling out of it. We are not now going to discuss the principle of Local Option-whether it is right or wrong, politic, ot just, and shall simply confine ourselves to tacts- bath as to the provisions of the Act, and what was done on the 6th February last. The late Mayor, Alderman Mosts, was Returning Officer-and it is generally con cealed that he is pretty well up in his duties, and is most punctilious in the performance of them t and on this particular occasion, he certainly did not unbend from his Usual rigidity-and what is more, in order that there should be no interference by scrutin eers, and that those voters who valued their Local Option Vote shouldjhave every atten tion, he employed n man for the sole pur pose of handing each voter a voling paper at demanded. Yet all this attention did not p'ease snme people, and, as we have said, simply because they did not attend to their business they must needs kick up a hullabaloo about the matter end pour their grievances into a Justice's ears. It was represented to u* on this self-same morning that the method adopted was not fair tn the Ltcal Optionists; and shortly afterward», having to record our own vote, we had full opportunity of judging for our. selves whether there was the slightest ob» struetion thrown in the way of any one get. ting a Local Option Voting Paper. We found none ; on the contrary 1 directly our wish was made known, the desired fotm was handed us, and, we conclude, every other ratepayer wa* served a* courteously and promptly : the requirements of the Act were fully and properly fulfilled, and the grumblers had nut the ghost of a chance to get up a growl-except at their own inertness and remissness in not duly instructing their friends-hut how could they instruct when they candidly confessed they did not know what the provision« of the Act really were? Whatever the intention of the Legislature mBV have been with regard to sub- section VI. nf Clause 34 of L c nsiiig Act, Ko. 2, 45 Victoria, No. 14, the instructions oontnined therein for the guidance of Returning Officers, are clear enough ; we quote the last sentence of the sub-section named, which is enough for our purpose ; it runs thus: In like manner, all persons who are required by law to furnish ballot-papers to electors entitled to vote at annual elections, shall tarnish to each voter demanding the same, one " Local Option Paper." That is all that Alderman MOSES had to do in the matter-furnish every voter who demanded it. a Local Option Voting Paper ; and we do not for one moment suppose any one »ill now come forward and state that such Local Option Voting Paper was not furnished on demand, although people do not hesitate to say that the Local Option Voling was not conducted properly. Turning to the Amending Act of 1883, we find not one word in reference to the Returning Officer's duties, and, therefore, sub-section 6 of Clause 34 of the principal Act, hoi«'« good-the Amending Act does not touch it. That n correct estimate could not he formed ns to how the people in South Ward felt on thi* question, we readily admit; though here again, the leaders among the Local Option party seem to have been wo fully négligent of their interests. The Local Option Vote for South Ward was-in favour of new license» or removals, ^ ¡ against, 2 which show», if we take_ the rote to mean anything, that the majority of ratepayers in that Ward were in favour of more public house* ; we don't believe anything of the kind, but on the contrary, had the voters taken sufficient interest in the matter, or had been properly coached by their leaders, the result would have been very different. But whose fault was it that it was not so, but these who ought to have known all about it? nobody'*. There was no election for South Ward, became Alderman J. T. Gosper was returned unopposed ; which, however, did not prevent any ratepayer demanding his Load Option Voting Paper and voting " Yes" or " No" as his conscience prompted him. Local Option Voting Papers were printed and ready for use just the same as for other Wards, yet they were availed of by nine person* only, which was surely not the fault of the Returning ! Officer, «ince it was daly advertised in two \ successive issues of this paper-" th* 24th and Slat January- that a vote of the rate payers of each Ward would be taken as to the giantingt of new and removal of existing publican's licenses." , Nor was this all, for on the 31st January we «rotc as clear and explicit instructions to voters-both in regard to the Municipal Vote and the Local Op'ion Vote-as need be, so that all might thoroughly understand the nature of their obligation* as citizens ¡"and in that article we distinctly stated that "every ratepayer, male or female, may demand a Local Option Voting Paper from the Returning Officer." Vet in spite of nil ihii cautioning of people, they ran « tilt at every' body they met oil polling day j with the er] that the thing «rai not being worked pro perly i and it appears that a lingering doubt «UH exist« In .their mind* -that they were .'had'* in some way. We have always been led to believe thai the advocate« of Looa! Option were person* nf superior intelligence-io fact, altogether « superior class of persona to those pnor, be. sotted individuals who drank alcoholic liquor in any shape or form-moderate ol immoderate; bat the result of last Municipal election convinces ut that we were mis* informed. However, tbs intelligence selma to be with those who believe in " rich rod wine," and Hot with those who believe that wins to be poison i at any rate, the Licensed Victuallers Association know hoir to look after themselves, and are generally pretty spry in looking after their interests ; and why men who make such a big thing of Local Option and teetotalism should not be equally «matt, ia a puzzle we cannot understand. It would hare been an easy matter for the Local Optionitta of Wind. tor to have taken ordinary precautions by fully instructing their friends how to act in the matter ; the thing could have been done by circular a week in advance, and to make assurance doubly sure, they might have eta* tinned a man at the door of the Council Chamber io give the last prompt to an ob. tuse brother. They did dot do ail this, and now they grumble. The Returning Officer did his duty faithfully and fairly, but they who were so interested in the common weal, failed to do theirs, find to cover their Own de* fleiencies and chagrin they want to make peo ple believe that the Local Option Vote was uot taken properly. There is a little consolation loft for the dis appointed ones, however, for we find in the Amending Act of 1883-subjection (J)-the following s Whenever a ratepayer's vote has been taken on. der said thirty-fourth section, aa herby amended, or the voting isa nniiity, auch vote shall be taken at tho next annual cleotion of Alderman for the Ward, or Hunioiiniity in question. And the interpol of three years shall, in all snob oases, be reckoned from the taking of aa effective ratepayers rote. From which,'it appears that at the next an nual election of Aldermen for South Ward the Local Option vote may again be taken ) and we trust, for the credit of the friends of Teetotalism, that they » ill hare their witt about them, and use them to better purpose than they did on the 6th February last. 