TfiB BISHOP OF MELB8UBNE IN REPLY TO JUDGE WILLItMS. I promised that when Holy Week should ba over I would furnish you with a Bupple meof&ry; critique on the negative part of Judge Wiiliams's book I proceed now to redeem my promise. My present communi cation will be strictly a supplementary critique, for, having regard to the published criticisms of the Rev. Digby Berry and the Rev. J. M. Abernethy, it will net be neces sary to go over the whole ground. the spirit of the work. I have to object, then, in the first place, to the spirit in which this work has been undertaken. It lacks the earnestness with which such an effort should have been inspired. Judge Williams tells us plainly that he does not believe the Bible to be " the word of God"— nay, he heaps upon it epithets so coarse and scurrilous that, as he has had the education of a gentleman, one must believe that his contempt for it passes almost the bounds of expression. And yet he begins his examination of the orthodox doctrine of the Trinity by " assuming, for the sake of argument, that the Bible is the inspired revelation of God." An earnest man would not have tolerated such an assumption for a moment. He would have begun by growing that the Bible was untrustworthy, and would then have proceeded to demolish all the doctrines which had been built upon its statements. I suppose, however, that the instincts of the advocate overcame him. He wished to show how skilful a pleader he was, and that, making every concession which the orthodox could ask from him, he was yet cleverer, not only than old fogies like Augustine, Anselm, Pascal, and Sir Isaac Newton, but than all the " ecclesiastical metaphysicians" of the last half-century. We must be content, however, to take his work as we find it. He will prove, he says, that even on the assumption that the Bible the word of God, the doctrines of the Trinity, the Incarnation, and the Atonement are not fairly deducible from it. I make no mention of the part of his work on the Advent, as it is too slight even to deserve notice. misunderstanding of the orthodox doctrine. I think it is a pity that, before treating about the orthodox doctrine, Judge Williams did not take a little more pains to understand it, for if he had thoroughly understood it, he would have seen that much which he has written is utterly irrelevant. The orthodox doctrine, for instance, about our Lord Jesus Christ is this — that He was both God and man ; as much man as if He had not been God, as much God as if He had not been man ; " equal to the Father as touching His Godhead, and inferior to the Father as touching His manhood." Now why do orthodox divines consider themselves justified in saying that Jesus was man— not as Apollinaris taught, a human body with the divinity as soul of it, but a true man, with a human body and spirit, so truly limited as to his human spirit that he could " increase", not only in " stature" but in " wisdom" also? They felt themselves justified in coming to this conclusion, because they found that Holy Scripture declares him to have been a true man, and as such " inferior to the Father." Now, Mr. Justice Williams cites a mass of texts which affirm our Lord's manhood, and his inferiority to the Father, as if they disproved the orthodox position. They do nothing of the kind. Those passages prove exactly what the orthodox say that they prove. But they do not disprove the further statement that Jesus was also God, as Judge Williams thinks they do. This is a strange logical mistake for a judge to fall into. I say that man consists of sonl and body. Now, suppose that I find it often stated in a certain book that man is a body. Is that any proof that he is not also a soul ? And yet the like of this is precisely what Judge Williams has affirmed. What he had to do, and what alone he had to do, if he would disprove the orthodox position from Scripture, was to show that in it Jesus was not as clearly said to be God as He was said to be man. Certainly the judge has attempted to achieve this task also, but, as I think, in a strangely careless and feeble fashion — careless in overlooking so many passages which he ought to have considered, and feeble in dealing with those which he has noticed. omissions of important passages in scripture. To advert first to passages which he has omitted. He has taken no notice of the following, which I shall quote from the revised version. John v. 2123:—" For as the Father raiseth the dead and quickeneth them even so the Son also quickeneth whom He will. For neither doth the Father judge any man, but hath committed all judgment unto the Son, that all may honour the Son, even as they honour the Father. How can it be right for men to honour the Son as they honour the Father, if he be only a man ? John viii. 57 59:-" The Jews there fore said unto Him, thou art not yet fifty years old, and hast thou seen Abraham? Jesus saith unto them. Verily, verily, I say unto you, before Abraham was, I am. They took up stones, therefore, to cast at Him ; but Jesus hid Himself and went out of the temple." Now here Jesus not only affirms His own eternity, but actually assumes the incommunicable name of Jehovah. Farther, the Jews understood Him to do so, for they tried to atone Him for blasphemy ; and Jesus, instead of indignantly repudiating finch an idea, as the Apostles Paul and Barnabas did, left them with their impression uncorrected. Undoubtedly, then, if He were not God, He was guilty of the awful crime of robbing God of His glory. Philippians ii. 6,7:-" Who, being in the form of God, counted it not a prize to be on an equality with God, but emptied Himself, taking the form of a servant, being made in the likeness of men." Here it is assumed that Jesus was on an equality with God, but that instead of looking on this equality as a thing to be grasped at and kept at all hazards, He voluntarily gave up that equality, emptying Himself not only of the form of it", but, so far as He was a man, of the very fact of it- entering the limitations of our humanity and dropping all show of His glory Colossians i 15-17 :-" Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of all creation, for m Him were ail things created, in the heavens and upon the earth, things visible and things invisible, whether thrones or dominions, or principalities or powers: All things are created through Him, and unto Him, and He is before all things, and in Him all things consist." Now, I would ask Judge Williams who He is who is before all things, and the stay of all things, and the end (unto Him) of all things. If He be not God, He is as eternal, omnipresent, and omnipotent as God. Nay, does not St. Paul say of Him (Oolossians ii.)— " For in Him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily." Hebrews i, 2 5 :— 44 God . . . hath at the end of these days spoken unto us in His Son, whom He appointed heir of all things, through Whom also He made the worlds, Who being the effulgence of His glory, and the very image of His substance, and upholding all things by the word of His power," etc. And again, in the 8th and 10th verses—" Of the Son he saith . . . Thou. Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the earth, and the heavens are the work of Thy hands." Now, who is He who created all things, and upholds all things, and is the very imsge of His Father's substance ? If not God, what is He ? Revelation i. 8 " I am the Alpha and the Omega, saith the Lord God, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty." If any one doubts that it was Jeus who said this, let him read the words of our Lord in the 17th and 18.h verses: — " He laid His right hand upon me, saying Fear not ; I am the first and the last, the Living One, and I was dead, and behold I am alive for evermore, and I have the keys of Death and of Hades." his method of criticism. Now first, as Mr. Justice Williams has mentioned none of these passages, I would ask whether he has any right to say, as he does, " 1 believe I have fairly cited, examined, and dealt with all the principal passages of Scripture on the one side and the other." I should very much like to see Judge Williams deal with these passages ; for, to my mind, they prove incontrovertibly that Holy Scripture teaches the Godhead of Christ. Judge Williams cannot be allowed to play, fast and loose — to say one moment, " 1 admit the authority of the Scriptuies for the sake of argument," and the next, " Oh, no, I do not admit these." Unless he admits them, his argument is nothing, and that part of his bock which contains it, so much waste paper. But, indeed, if he were to turn critic, he could disprove the genuineness of none of the passages which I have cited. After the arguments of Wiess and Westcott, the effort to refute St. John's Gospel has become a desperate one. The Revelation is now accepted as the genuine work of St. John by the most sceptical critics on the Continent. And as for the Epistles of St. Paul which have cited, he must be a bold man to question their genuineness after the exhaustive examination of that question by Bishop Lightfoot. judge williams on st. paul. Judge Williams's references to St. Paul are droll in the extreme. He calls the great apostle " the man Paul," and " the mystic Paul," and charges him with inventing dootrines which did not belong to his Master, and to primitive Christianity. Now, no more infelicitous phrase could have been invented for St. Paul than " mystic." The apostle did, indeed, live in the midst of a spiritual life of great elevation of feeling, breaking forth from time to time into miraculous manifestations. But it was precisely he who called the primitive Christians back to the claims of reason and charity. "He had rather speak five words," he tells them, " with his under - standing, than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue." The purpose of minister - ing, he reminds them, is not display, but edification. And if they would be great, he will teach them a more excellent way. And then oomes that glorious eulogy of love, one of the grandest pieces of writing and thinking in Iall literature. It begins thus: " If I have the tongues of men and or angels, and have not love, I am become sounding brass and a clanging cymbal." But why quote a passage which everybody knows ? A man with a keener intellect, a larger heart, a nobler genius than St. Paul never honoured our nature. To see Judge Williams standing on tip-toe to look over the head of one of tlje master spirits of our race is certainly neither an imposing nor an edifying spectacle. the primary object of the old dispen- sation misunderstood. But Judge Williams has another method of endeavouring to escape from the force of New Testament assertions : " If God the Son was begotten of the Father from ever lasting . . . why should there be absolute silence upon His existence throughout the whole inspired revelation of God contained In the Old Testament ?" Our author evidently thinks this argument a clincher, for he repeats it with a great flourish in respect to the doctrine of the Trinity. Well, now, let him thins for a moment of the primary object of the Old Dispensation. Abraham and his ancestors, as we learn from the Book of Joshua, were polytheists. It was to escape from the air and influence of polytheism that the great patriarch left his country and became, 'as Max Müller declares, the first monotheist in the world. Henotheists there had been before, in Egypt, in India, and else where, but a monotheist never, " One- Goddists" were not uncommon. Abraham was the first " Only-Goddist"— the first who believed there was one God, and no other beside Him. Henceforward it was the great fight of the religious leaders of his race to prevent a reversion to henotheism — that " One Goddism " which tolerated many separate Divine manifestations, beside the central " One." Now, if the race of Abraham were under Divine guidance, and this were its great struggle, would Judge Williams expect a plurality in unity to be dwelt upon, even if it existed ? Would it not be imperatively necessary to confront every tendency to separation of the Divine ideal by an unbroken ' and sharply accentuated unity? One lesson at a time of this difficult kind was enough, and as history shows, more than enough for human weakness the doctrine of the trinity foreshadowed in the old testament, Still, if in the development of Divine truth it were necessary to prepare the way for the conception of a deeper mystery, to exhibit within this unity a richer and more complex mode of being, we should expect preparatory hints of such a process of reve lation. And do we not- find them? Is it true, as Judge Williams emphatically asserts, that " there is no text in the Old Testament to which : Trinitarians can refer as either expressly or by implication establishing the doctrine of the Trinity?" that " there is absolute silence upon the existence" of the Eternal Son ? If I may do so without arrogance, I would ask Judge Williams to read chapter V. of my " Expec tation of the Christ," end I shall be very much mistaken if he ever repeats that statement. I have shown in that chapter that preparatory suggestions of the Incar nation were made both in the form of theopanics addressed to the eyes, and of prophecies appealing to the spirit ; and that these revelations gradually increased in clearness till they culminated in those of the Virgin's Son, who should be called Immanuel (God with us), and of the child whose name should be " The Mighty God." How can any one say, in the face of these fact?, either that there is no mention of the Incar nation ia the Old Testament, or that even the revelation of it is not as explicit as the circumstances admitted of ? But Judge Wil liams is fond of strong assertions. They often eerve him 'in the place of arguments. He says, for instance, " 1 may state, once for all, that the the Redeemer is never applied to Jesus throughout the whole of the New Testament, but is in the Old applied to the one true and only God of the Old Testa ment, and to the Father in the New." One hoped, indeed, that so absurd a statement Had been made once for all. But no ; so great a discovery is it to Judge Williams that it is soon after repeated : " Throughout the Bible, both in the Old and New Testa ment, it is invariably applied to God, and Him alone." Now, is the title Redeemer applied to the Father in the New Testa ment ? The fact is, that it does not occur in the New Testament at all. How, then, can it be applied to the Father in that Testament ? But is there no passage, then, in the New Testament which attributes redemption to the Father? There is just one, in a prophecy uttered by Zacharias in the Old Testament spirit, before Christ was born. Luke i. 68 : 41 Blessed be the Lord, the God of Israel, for He hath visited and wrought redemption for His people." After the birth of Christ, not even redemption ia ascribed to the Father. AN ERRONEOUS ASSUMPTION. But is not, then, the other con tention of the judge true, that " there is no warrant whatever to be found in Scrip ture for applying to Jesus this title ?" The statement is as false as it is strong. For over and over again redemption is ascribed to Christ,and, after His birth, to Christ alone. Witness the following passages Romans iii. 21 : " Justified freely by His grace, through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus." 1st Corinthians i. 30: " Of Him are ye in Christ Jesus, Who was made unto us . . . sanctification and re demption." Galatians Iii. 13 : " Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law." I Galatians iv. 5: "That he might redeem them that are under the law." Ephesians i. 7 : " In Whom we have our redemption, through His blood." Colossians i. 14 : " In Whom we have our redemption." Titus ii 14 : " Who gave Himself for us, that He might redeem us from all iniquity." Heb. ix. 12 : " Through His own holy blood entered in once for all into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption." let Pet, i. 18 : " Ye are redeemed . . . with precious blood, as of a lamb without blemish and without spot, even the blood of Christ." Comparing these facts with the audacious statement of our author, one is tempted to ask whether he ever in his life studied the New Testament. Homer may nod 8.t times, but this is too important a matter to nod over. Besides, Judge Williams nods in the same way too often. another monstrous blunder, The Dean of Melbourne pointed out to me that the judge had made almost as monstrous a blunder in his wonderful note about the Holy Ghost. It is a matter of astonishment to the erudite judge that in the ancient English versions, from which our authorised version was mainly taken, our translators used the old Saxon word ghost, or gast, in its primary signification of spirit. Nobody else, who knows anything of our language and the history of the English translation of the Bible, would have felt such wonder. The judge, however, is unable to understand the matter. He must bring his legal acumen to bear upon it, and clear away the mystery. Accordingly, he stumbles upon tne following mare's nest : — " The word rendered spirit," he observes, " is frequently used by itself. . . . It would hardly do to say God the Ghost. ... So the translators, having adopted the word ghost, as carrying with it a more mystic sound, were forced to add an adjective in places where no adjective existed in the original." The Dean was at the pains to look over the eighty-three passages where the words Holy Ghost occur in our translation, and he found that only once (in Matthew m. had the word " holy" been added to the word " spirit" in our version ; and even there the word " holy" is prefixed to " spirit" in the original in the very next verse. In what kind of expository literature has the judge been disporting himself? Somebody must have played a hoax upon him. What would people say if he expounded law in this way ? The judge again discovers that the word Saviour is applied to God in the Old Testa ment, and even in the New. I have already observed that, owing to the ciroumstanoes of the Israelitish people, we should expect God to be spoken of in the Old Testament almoBt exclusively in His unbroken unity, and to find all titles of the Deity ascribed to God in His unity. With respect to the New Testa ment, however, the case is different. There the judge finds that in one passage certainly and in another possibly, the title Saviour is given to God, as distinguished from Jesus Christ. I should deny the conclusion as to one of the passages ; but letting the judge's conclusion stand, how is it relevant to his argument! To make it so, he must show that the title Saviour, given to God, is not given to Jesus Christ ; for if it be given to Jesus Christ, its bring a title of God only leads to the con- clusion that Jesus is God. Now, is it true that the title of Saviour is not given to Christ? It is the very opposite of truth. The title is used explicitly of Christ no fewer than fourteen times. It will be sufficient to quote the following : — Luke ii. 11 : 44 There is born to you this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord." John iv. 42 : 44 We know that this is indeed the j Saviour of the world." Acts v. 31 : 44 Him ! did God exalt with Hia right hand to be a Prince and Saviour." Philippiane iii. 20 : 44 From whence, aleo, we wait for a Saviour, the Lord Jesus." 1st John iv. 14 : " The ; Father hath sent the Son to Be the Saviour of the world." judge williams's authorities. Again, there must be some strange omission in Judge Wiiliams's authorities. But, really, those authorities are very third-rate indeed. He gives as, for instance, a shovelful of unassorted materials from a book called " Sacred Scriptures of the World," to prove that there were lofty spiritual conceptions of God before the foundation of the Christian Church, and from sources independent of the Bible. I need not repeat Mr. Digby Berry's exposure of the uncritical character of these quotations, gathered without dates or marks of origin from all ages and all natiens. Judge Williams seems not to have mastered the very alphabet of the new science called " comparative religion," or he would know the vital importance, for the interpreta tion of such passages, of the determination of their age and home. How otherwise is one co snow whether the mention of one God is in a henotheistic or a monotheistic sense, and whether it is the utterance of a helpless esoteric philosophy or ot a strong and living religious faith ? Let me take one lump out of the shovelful which the judge gives us at page eighty-six, by way of illustration. It is an old friend of mine, an inscription on the Temple of Sais, in Egypt. The judge has given a loose translation of the passage. I will give an exact one, from the Greek of Plutarch, who is our authority for it : " 1 am all that has been, and is, and shall be, and my veil hath no mortal ever uncovered." Our knowledge of the history of this passage enables as to define its meaning and trace its influence. It was no part of the living faith of Egypt, but an esoteric doctrine of the priests. It is the formula of pantheism, the religion which identified God with all things. It Is an agnostic version of pantheism. Finally, it expresses a heno theistic view of God— the view which can tolerate the dissipation of, the Divine unity into any number of base polytheistic forms. And the judge pats forward this agnostic henotheistio pantheism as " a lofty and spiritual conception of God." Pity that he has not mastered the alphabet of metaphysics as well as of comparative religion ! the trinitarian texts. It is time, however, that I turned to examine shortly his (Judge Williams) manner of dealing with the Trinitarian texts whioh he does notice. Space com pels me to do this briefly. The judge compares the text, " 1 and My Father are One," with " Holy Father, keep through Thine own name those whom Thou hast given Me, that they may be one as we are and he conceives himself justified in drawing the inference that the first of these passages cannot denote unity of essence, for if so, then all followers of Jesus Christ are one in essence with Ged the Father." " Common sense suggests," he adds, " that the expressions denote unity of communion — in love, in purity, in charity— unity in purpose." But does the judge think that common sense — that Is, that the ordinary lawyer's light of nature is the best guide in interpreting a religious book, dealing with the dread mysteries of sin and deliverance from sin? Is not a revelation (and for the purposes of his argument he is assuming the Bible to be a revela tion) a better interpreter of itself than suoh common sense. What, then, does the judge think of 'such daring statements as these ? — John vi. 53 : " Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink His blood, ye have no life in yourselves." John xv. 4 : "As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine, so neither can ye, except ye abide in Me." 2nd Peter i. 4: " That through these ye may become par takers of the Divine nature." I am not responsible for the judge's admission of the Bible as God's revelation, " for the purpose of argument." But once having made that admission, and undertaken to argue from it, he is not at liberty to say, " 1 hold all this to be nonsense." the union of man with christ. And even if he should say that, what does he think of the fact that, as the result of exact and philosophical analysis, Professor Green gives this definition of man ? Man " is a certain reproduction of itself on the part of the eternal self-conscious subject of the world— a reproduction of itself to which it makes the proceeses of animal life organic." Now, if man be that, must he net have the capacity of being drawn into unity of natnre with Jesus Christ, and in Him, with His Father; and do not those passages, which seem so strange to common sense, fill up naturally the outlines of possibility traced by that best sense which results from exact thinking? Perhaps if the judge turns this matter over in his mind again, he will see that Jesus Christ meant nothing less than a unity of nature when he said, " Even as Thou Father art in Me, and I in Thee, they also may be in us." And in that case it will not be possible to argue that Jesus only meant a unity of purpose when he said, " 1 and my Father are one," though, as I wish to be perfectly candid, I will oonfess that it might mean something less than unity in the proper nature of God. To arrive at that conclusion, I Should have to call to mind the other passages which I have quoted in respect to the Divinity of Christ. Then, indeed, I should have no doubt. an astonishing muddle. It -is net necessary that I should expos# over again Judge Williams's misrepresenta tion of- Dean Liddon, in connection with the passage John i. 1. 14. That task baa already been performed in your columns by the Rev. Mr. Botchers. I must confess, however, that the muddle whioh Judge Williams makes In. his examination of tbia passage has astonished me. If St. John got the Logos dootrine " from the Greek philo- sopby," he certainly got it through the school of Alexandria, and be as certainly altered it to suit the subject with which he was dealing. Judge Williams thinks that, when St. John said, 41 the Word was made flesh," he meant that 44 the thought of God, or the manifestation of God, beoame flesh in Jesus." If so, then what did he mean when be said " the Word was God ?" He must have meant " that the thought or manifestation of God" was God. And how, then, did he not say that God was made flesh in Jesus ? The Unitarians are certainly wise in their generation when they try to show that the fourth gospel has not apostolic authority ; and Judge Williams would have been wise in his if he had followed their example. how judge williams deals with the baptismal formula. Again Judge Williams deals after his manner with the baptismal formula. He says he thinks that all Christians are bap- tised " into the name of God, into Hie (Jesus Christ's) own name ; . and into the name of the Spirit of God, as being part and parcel of God." It is said that Dean Stanley once remarked to a Unitarian minister that, so far as be could gather, he (the Unitarian minister) baptised into the name of God a man and a metaphor. Judge Williams tells us " no — into the name of a God, a man, and a part or parcel of Gd." Does he think his own explanation mora tolerable ? Would it be, I will not say I reverent, but decent, so to associate the name of the Infinite with that of a man, and of a part or parcel of Himself, as names co-ordinate, if not co-equal with each other ? Judge Williams evidently feels uncomfort able in presence of such a conclusion, and he tries to relieve his feelings by inserting a long note from Mr. Matthew Arnold, | throwing doubt upon the genuineness of this obstinate and inconvenient passage. But Judge Williams should remember that he has promised to take it as it stands, and make his best of it ; and, he and Mr. Arnold notwithstanding, it has got to be taken as it stands. There is clear proof that this was the baptismal formula from the very beginning. It is St. Paul who over and over again, in his acknowledged epistles, speaks of baptism into Christ Does he not say, for instance (Romans vi. 3), " Are ye ignorant that all we who were baptised into Christ Jesus were baptised into his death ?" Again ( Aots xix. 3), when cer tain disciples at Ephesus told St. Paul that they had not so much as heard whether the Holy Ghost was given, the apostle thought it enough to ask, " Into what, then, were ye baptised ?" Seeing that every Christian was baptised into the name of the Holy Ghost, he felt sure they could not have been regularly introduced into the Christian church. And so it turned out. They had only been baptised into John's baptism. Unquestionably, then, the baptismal formula must stand, and as unquestionably Judge Williams has not succeeded in explaining It away. a vicious method of argument. " Well, well," he may cry " What if I have not? I was only playing with you all this while. I do not believe one word of your Scriptures but what I choose to believe." Why, then, we fairly retort, have you wasted so much of your own time and paper, and so much of our patience in talking — it might be uncivil to say nonsense — and so will say unreality ? The method was vicious from the first, and vicious as it was, it has been, I am constrained to say, very unskilfully handled One half of the book is thus reduced to waste-paper; for as to the professed criticism of what Judge Williams calls the prefaces of St. Matthew's and St. Luke's gospels, it is little else than a series of arfai- trary assumptions. not criticism, but captiousness. Judge Williams chooses to call the introductory chapters of these gospels prefaces, but there is nothing to show that they are so. He complains that, the birth of Jesus Christ having been noticed at the beginning of His life, the evangelists do not go back to it. Is it common, in the description of a great man's work, to go back to the circumstances of his birth and boyhood? He complains that St. John does not notioe our Saviour's miraculous conception, but he dearly implies it when he says " the Word w&b; made flesh." St. Mark, in point of fact, is the only evangelist who does not explicitly or implicitly record it. But look at the plan of his work. He says plainly that it is his purpose to describe, not the life, but the ministry of Jesus Christ. His first words are — " The beginning of the gospel (of the good news) of Jesus Christ, the Son of God;" and his very next step is to describe that ministry of John the Baptist which prepared the way for the ministry of Jesus. To ask that St. Luke should begin his gospel over again in The Acts, a book I whioh, beginning with the period after the Resurrection of Jesus, professes to record the history of the Church's first day, is simply unreasonable. This is not criticism, his captiousness. crude and puerile notions. And what shall we say of the droll obsev vations which the judge thinks it decent and fitting to make on the mysterious fact in question. " God," he says, " being admit tedly an immaterial spirit, and the Holy Ghost being God, a material Christ, or Christ after the flesh, never could have been begotten ; and if Jesus existed with God from everlasting he would only have existed as an immaterial spirit also, and, if so, it is difficult to conceive how spirit could become flesh, or immateriality become materiality." Really, on reading such words as these, one finds one's self carried back to the days of boys' debating class, so crude and puerile are the notions which they express The holy Virgin conceived, and conceived through the quickening might of the creative spirit. Can- not Judge Williams believe that He who created life at the first had the power to quicken an existing germ of life? Again he calls God a spirit, and he believes that this spirit created all the material univerte. Could not He who created matter come, if be please, into personal union with What does Judge Williams think himself to be ? A lump of matter ? or a spirit making a material body its instrument ! And if spirit and matter can come together into a personal unity in his own case, why not in Christ's case? How does be know that spirit and, matter are so abhorrent to each other that they cannot unite ? Does he know , what spirit is, and what matter is? He may know that they are, but does he know what they are? He deceives himself by the term immateriality viz., non-materiality. We know more about soiil than that it is not material. It is that which call be coneoioas of its own existence, and can make the objective world the subject of its states of consciousness, of its sensations, thoughts, and volitions. If Judge Williams wants evidence of the real existence of the soul, and of its actual connection with matter, I say look within, and you will find it. judge williams's real thoughts about The bible. In his chapter on ' Inspiration and Miracles " we are favoured at last with the judge's real thoughts about the Bible. And what are they? "No English author, be says, " has ever ventured to put into a book a tenth part of the filth that is to be found passim throughout the Old Testament. " Then, again, a farther considerable portion of the Old Testament is of the most blood thirsty, cruel, and brutal description ; and so diffused are the characteristics of immorality and indecency, of vengeance, bloodthirsti- ness, and cruelty throughout the Old Testa ment, that if you keep on rejectmng the chapter or book in which they appear, the result will be that you have very little left.' Then utter citing- instances of this so-called bloodthirstiness, he adds: "And so en throughout Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy, Joshua, First and Second Samuel, Judges, First and Seoond Kings, and First and Second Chronicles, there is one continual description of acts of wholesale and indiscriminate butchery of men, women, and children ; of horrible tortures by mutilation or otherwise ; of 'God's approval of these horrible acts." "Throughout the book of Isaiah and throughout those of the other prophets, vhere , is an almost unbroken series of howlings and ravings," etc- Let us pause to take breath a moment, and ask where we 'are. It Is a little reassuring to remember that we are in the book of a man who has shown himself already to be the moat reckless and inaccurate in his statements ; who has been before, not perhaps as coarse, but quite as confident, when all the while he was simply inaccurate and incapable of reason or self- control. May it not be so here ? One thing, at least, we see— that while desiring, apparently, as Thomas Carlyle said, to mate "the exodus from Houndbditch,' he has only left that region to pass into Billings- gate. We will not follow him into the com pany of the fish wives, but will simply submit his statements to the test of reason. THE PURITY OF THE BIBLE. And now one preliminary question "ob viously presents itself. If these books be What Judge Williams has allowed himself to describe them, how is it that those who took them as the rule of their life were distinguished among all the peoples of antiquity "for spiritual views of God and an austere morality ? Can a clean thing come out of an unclean— purity out of indecency — a lofty spiritual faith out of mere howlings and bloodthirstiness ? Above all men upon earth, the Hebrews have been "the people of the book," They have held it to their heart as their dearest treasure ; they have studied it night and day ; they have almost worshipped it, If ever a people were made by a book, the Jews have been made- by the Bible. Judge the book by its work then, and what must we say of it ? Look at the strong faith of the Jews, at their pure homes, at their tough vitality, at their ' power to hold their own with the strongest and ablest nations of the earth, and that without a country, a king, or a government. They simply embody to day one of the mightiest spiritual forces upo» earth, and yet they have nothing in toe place of coun try, king, and priesthood but this book, which is all indecency, howling, and blood- thirstiness. It is incredible, though a hun dred Judge Williamses affirmed it. A great Jew, who too often mocked; he book, but whose mockeries were- at least witty — Hein- rich Heine — thus wrote about it in describ ing the light which had dawned upon his latter days : — " I owe my enlightenment simply to the reading of a book. A book ? Yes, and it is an old homely-looking book, modest as nature, and as natural ; a book which has as work-a-day and unassum ing an appearance as the sun that warms us and the bread that nourishes us ; a book that looks as familiarly at us and is as full of kind blessings as the old grandmother who reads daily in it with her dear trembling lips, and with spectacles upon her nose — and this book- is called quite briefly the Book, the Bible." This from Heine, the great poet, the brilliant philosopher, who knew all the wisdom, and had tried all the culture and pleasure of the nine teenth century. Who was right, Judge . Williams or he? Men and women throughout the wide earth who have lived on the Bible, who was right — the man who dares to say that it is all indecency and blood-thirstiness, or the man who found it modest as nature and as full of kind blessings? MODEST AS NATURE. Modest as nature ; there is the whole answer to Judge Williams's charge of in decency. Indecency with him is to mention sin» y?hich are as common, alas 1 as dally work, and to call them by their right names In order to denounce them. Men may commit them as much as they like, and defile and degrade themselves by com mitting them as much as they like ; but according to snoh map as Judge Williams, they are not indecent if only they will keep a prim mouth, and say nothing about them. Do you think I am doing Judge Williams an injustice ? Then look at the instances which he has selected as the worst he cou.d lay his hands on. The worst are the incest of Lot, and the shameful act of Tamar. And do you think there was no use in showing what evil companionship and temptation would do for otherwise good men, in an age and a land when Sodom was destroyed for name less wickedness, and when all the heathen of Palestine and the East were as Corinth and as Rome in their worst days ? It was as hard, for a man to be pure in that sensual world, as it was for Israel when he fell in with the wanton Moabites on emerging from his wilderness seclusion. And was it of no use to pillory these great defaulters as a warning to the rest? Moses insists in. the fifteenth chapter of ; Leviticus upon wholesome domestic re straint, and he is called indecent for saying what he means. He threatens punishment to those who slander an innocent maid, the punishment of death to those who defile the home ; and, again, he is indecent for describing what he means. The writer of the Book of Judges describes the hideous sin and awful punishment of the men of Gibeah and their sympathisers, and he is called indecent for holding up before the men of a sensual time "this awful warn ing of the reaults of their besettiug sin. What would Dr. Dollinger be called for his infinitely darker picture of the awful sensuality of Greece and Rome ? And yet I venture to say that few books have ever been written by man which are likely to operate as a more powerful deterrent from vice. The historian's description of David's sin is quoted, but not Nathan's magnificent rebuke of it. And this, too, is called indecent, though I verily believe these very chapters, and those following ones which show that a father's wantonness is like the letting out of poisonous waters in his family, have done more to check and shame lust than any piece of literature to which Judge Williams could point. These we his examples — the worst he could find— and I say that he ought to blush crimson for his foul slander of the word of God. "Modest as nature." Yes, the old book is that. It calls things by their own true sames, that it may make us hate them, and avoid them, and rise to that truly natural life which is as pure as it is strong and happy. THE CHARGE OF BLOOD-THIRSTINESS- The charge of blood-thirstiness is not so easily disposed of, I confess.' Such cases as those referred to by Judge Williams, ot the old Arab law of " an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth," of the tyrannicide of Jael, of the slaughter of the whoremongers of Shittim, and of the extermina tion of the Canaanites, are only to be understood by a careful study of the moral condition and ruling ideas of those ages. But I will venture upon an assertion. If only Judge Williams will carefully study the work of the late Pro- fessor Mozley upon " Ruling Ideas in Early Ages," he will never repeat the coarse charges which he has made in his pamphlet. He has a comical horror of a class of men whom he calls " ecclesiastical metaphy sicians." I most take leave to doubt whether he knows what a " metaphysician " means, for when, he comes to describe the office of these strange beings, It turns out to be that simply of the historical critic. Judge Williams may well fight shy of him. He is no dummy, whom the judge can set up to knock down again, as he does his survivals from the days of verbal inspira- tion. A real historical critic is a man with hands and feet, who can use his fists, and who has hard knuckles. " Hinc illae lachrymse." Hence also the judge's absurd abuse of this class of men as" changing and re-changing front," " twisting and straining, backing and filling," " pruning this away, and that away, keeping this or that, just as it suits them." Very bad critics they are who do these things, assuredly ; but to say that, all ciitics belong to this class who do not hold the verbal inspiration either of the whole Bible or of the New Testament is simply absurd. THE PRINCIPLES OF MODERN CRITICISM. The school of modern criticism has definite principles, and when it adheres to them it greatly helps us to under- stand all old literatures. And it is no more to be distrusted ' because it is a modern development than is the inductive school of physical science for the same reason. It is impossible to understand an ancient docu- ment unless first some knowledge be had of the genius of the language in which it was written, of the moral and social condition of the people by and for whom it was written, and of the course of development which led up to that social and moral condition. In a word, it is hopeless to attempt the inter- pretation of an ancient document without throwing oneself back into the moral and mental atmosphere of the age and land which gave it birth. This Judge Williams has not attempted to do in criticising the Old Testament ; and hence the worthless- ness of his criticism. Now, Professor Mozley has done this in the book to which I have referred. THE MORAL CONDITION OF THE OLD WORLD. Adopting the principle affirmed by our Lord, that the laws of Moses were made imperfect because of the hardness of the people's hearts, that God gave to the Jews such directions, not as were absolutely best, but as were most." suitable to their backward moral condition, he proceeds to show what that moral condition was. The idea of the rights of the individual was very imperfectly developed. In all the ancient world, and especially in the eastern part of it, the idea of the individual was very much that of the laws of Mann, that " a man consists of himself and his wife and children." If, then, he had to be punished, people would not think that they had got the whole of him till they had punished all who belonged to him. Hence such punishments as that of Achan and his family. Punishments, too, have to be more severe In primitive States of society, where no provision is -made for the maintenance of criminals, and where the very sense of justice demands that a rich man shall be punished as severely as a poor man and not be allowed to escape by a mere fine, Which to him is nothing. So our £« no punishment for offences ag elementary ideas of purity but by sparing. And it was infinitely better that . Y spear for impurity than lose their fi P towards a higher life. THE TRUE OBJECT OF THE MOSAIC LAW. Yes, it may be said, all this is very but could not God have irnmn those early generations a perfect law, such , Christians enjoy, an-? we compeueu them to embrace it? No; He would not first deprived them of what was better than all law, their moral feedom and capacity of growth in virtue. God in this matter is self- limited by the Dature which He has given to man. And man, having such a nature, the best laws for him in a given age are not those most ideally perfect, but those best adapted to develop his moral and spiritual capacity. Hence, as Professor Mozley puts it, " It seems to belong suitably to the Divine Governor of the world to extract out of every state of mankind the highest and most acts to which the special conceptions of the age can give rise, and to direct those earlier ideas and modes of thinking towards such great moral achievements as can be founded on tbem." The true question, then, to be asked about the primitive legislation of the Old Testament is this— Was it "such as the condition of the Israelitesneeded, and such as would tend to develop amongst them higher and better modes of thinking and living ? This is a question which Judge Williams has never touched, though, in fact, it is the only question at issue. You, S;r, will do a great service to your readers if, in your Saturday numbers, you will publish some of the essays of Professor Mozley , and allow your friends and the public to see the question fairly argued. I have no doubt but that, as a result of such studies, they will come to think, with Heine, that God's word is not only " modest as Nature" but also " full of kind bles sings." THE MOSAIC A PREPARATION FOB A HIGHER LAW. But it may be objected — though we should allow this teaching to be good for a primitive race during the imperfect phases of its spiritual progress — how can it be said to be good for us who possess the perfect law and pattern of Christ ? I have already intimated that it was the "great purpose of the pro- gressive revelation and discipline of the Old Testament' to prepare in human nature such a basis of trained intellect and will as might be ready not only to take the great stride for ward which Jesus Christ demanded, but also, having taken it, to hold the ground which had been won. The latter is the harder task of the two. Think of the lamentable lapse of the New Zea land ers into paganism in our own days. What ground have we for the hope of winning them back again? Just this — that beside them lives a race which has been instructed and disciplined in Christianity for many centuries. Is it not then of the last import ance for us to be taught the gradual stages through which the victory of our faith has been won, and to be shown what were the spiritual powers and principles which won that victory ? Nay, have we no neesd of the warning which such a history pro nounces at the present day ? Men are asking us to throw away revela tion, and to break up the churches — those organisations of trained will which are the moral and religious stay of the whole society in which they exist. Well, it has been possible to make this experiment under imperfect conditions in the country which gave birth to the French Revolution. There, in spite of the continuous protest of the Christian Church, almost the whole of the male working-class population cf the city of Paris has gone back to what is called the state of nature — the state without church and revelation. And with what result? Such frightful immorality as Karl Hillebrand's statistics have revealed to us, and such gentleness as was revealed in the diabolical deeds of the Commune. THE LESSON OF THE OLD TESTAMENT TO OUR TIME. Is it of no value to us to be shown in the history of the early stages of revelation what it is to which we should revert if we destroyed the sanctified will-basis of the Christian Church, and by what painful discipline, were such a calamity to happen, we could alone regain the spiritual position which we had lost ? No one declared more emphatically for Christian emancipation from the trammels cf the law than the Apostle Paul, but there were two respects in which he saw that the law was still neces sary for Christians. 1\. Didactically the law was our peda gogue to bring us to Christ. It shows us that our faith had a distinct historical basis and preparation, and it enables us all the better f-.n nn<1prRt;an«1 (>nr1 hu ilisnlavinn tn no the steps through which that end was reached. 2\. Practically, by warning us of the sins which lie latent in our nature, and showing us their danger in the example of times when they had more unrestricted sway. 44 These things were our examples, to the intent we should net lust after evil things, as they alsoiusted." They were also our examples in another way. They showed us, in the history of a people under di.ine discipline, how God hates and punishes such sins. MIRACLES. Judge Williams simply repeats on the question of " miracles' the popular scientific prejudice, that miracles are not to be be lieved " because they involve a violation, or suspension, of unvarying natural laws in other words, because appearances com monly follow a rule, therefore they must always follow it. Fortunately, I can refer your readers to my treatment of this subject, specially with reference to the great central miracle of the Resurrection, in a sermon just published. It is a direct answer to all that Jndge Williams has to say upon the subject. THE QUESTION of the atonement. Judge Williams has clearly not studied the question of the Atonement ' and as I hope to " this question pretty fully hereafter, I shall only refer at present to one of his statements on this subject. " All through the various il the sayings and teachings of Je«®S tbwe_ not one word found either direcHy or in directly bearing upon this startling, and important part of his n"s®l<- Here we have another of those rash state ments of which the truth is m ,l verse ratio of the strength. Has, then, tne great central rite of the Christian church the sacrament of the Lord s Supper no indirect bearing upon the doctrme of the Atonement? When again Jesus - saui- ( Matthew xx. 28). ..." The Son of Man came not to be ministered unto, but- to minister, and to give His life a ransom for many," had those words no direct bearing upon the doctrine? FINAL JUDGMENT ON THE BOOK. The book which I have here reviewed, Sir, is full of errors. Its mistakes are fundamental. They arise for the most part out of aa utter ignorance of the subject of which the author treats. They make his work, as a contribution tb theological knowledge, utterly useless. The book, I fear, will nevertheless do great harm. It will impose upon the ignorant and unthink- ing. It will shock and disgust the pious and simple minded. Worst of all, it will, I fear, favour a reactionary theology. If, people will say, criticism leads to such results as these, to such audacious profanity, and coarse abuse of all Christians hold most dear, let us have nothing to do with criticism, but entrench ourselves in the old fortifications of unintelligent orthodoxy. This last would be a most unhappy result of a most unhappy attempt ; for in the long run it would do more harm to truth than any number' of such books as that which I have been re viewing. Let good men possess their souls in patience, and rest assured that as Lacordaire said, " Truth will never injure piety, nor freedom kill God." 