Pat (describing a fight): "An' begorra, whin wid wan blow I'd knocked the dhirty spalpeen sinseless, he took to his heels as if owld Nick was afther him!" Old lady (just emerging from a tunnel, to travelling companion): "What horrid things tunnels are! I should'nt so much mind if they were open at the top!" "There is one thing I dread," remarked Henderson, "and that is a premature burial." "Don't worry about that," replied Fogg; "the thing is impossible. There's no danger of your being buried too soon." "There," exclaimed Blobson, pointing to a tramp who was attempting to leave the premises with a large dog attached to his trousers, "there is what I call a good example of a contested seat." "When I was a young man," says Josh BIllings, "I was always in a hurry to hold the big end of the log and do all the lifting. Now I am older, I seize the small end and do all the grunting." On seeing King Bomba about to quit his palace at Naples for ever, and English wag observed that his majesty had forgotten his umbrella. "Oh," replied another, "he has no further occasion for that, the reign is all over." Here is a gem introduced into a breach of promise case - it is an extract from a letter \- " Dearest love, I have swallowed the postage stamp which was on your letter, because I know that your lips had touched it." They have a curious way of deciding lawsuits in North Siam. Both parties are put under cold water, and the one staying longest wins the suit. In this country both parties are got into hot water, and then kept there as long as possible. A minister forgot to take his sermon with him to church, and his wife, discovering his mistake, sent it to him in charge of a small boy, who was to receive sixpence for the job. Presently he returned for the money. "You delivered the sermon, did you?" she asked. "I jes' guv it to him," replied the lad, "he's o delivirin' of it himself." A prominent member of a church in New York was talking with his pastor the other day about an excellent but somewhat aggressive lady of the parish. After descanting at length on her virtues, he concluded by saying: "In fact, she may be called the salt of the earth." "Yes," responded the clergyman quickly, "and the pepper too." A professor was explaining to the top class at the girls' high school the theory according to which the human frame is completely renewed every seven years, and addressing one of his pupils, he said: "Thus, Miss A -, in seven years you will be Miss A - no longer." "I devoutly hope that may be so," said the young lady, demurely casting down her eyes. "I like the mild spring air," said Deacon Gilpin as he sat down on Squire M'Gill's porch floor the other morning for a friendly chat. " How fresh it makes everything seem. Do you know of anything fresher than the gentle spring zephyr?" "No, I don't know as I does," Replied the squire, "unless it is that 'ere paint you're sitting in. 'Taint been on the floor over two hours." An Irishman tried to shoot a sparrow with an old Queen Anne musket He fired. The bird, with a chirp or two, flew away : unconcerned in the foreground, and Pat was swiftly and noiselessly laid on his spine in the background. Picking himself up, and shaking his fist at the bird, he exclaimed: "Be jabers, you wouldn't a chirped if you'd been at this end of the gun." " Steel your heart," said a considerate father to his son, " for you are going now among some fascinating girls." *' I had much rather steal their's' said the unpromising young man. Doctor-Oh, you'll got on all right. You've got a fine physique, you know. Patient -A fine physic? Well, it ought to be for you know, doctor, you charge a,fine price for it. "Ugh! Mother (trying to persuade her children to go to bed)-The chickens, you know, dears, go to bed at sundown. Maude (an observant child)-Yes, mother, but the old hen goes too. " The way to sleep," says the seientist, " is to think of nothing ;" but this is a mistake. The way to sleep is to think it is time to getup. Teacher-"What animal has the most brain ?" First bright scholar--" The horse !" Second ditto-" The elephant !" Dull scholar -"The donkey! It does more brayin' work than all the other animals put together?' There are two things in this world that man cannot regulate, and instances have been known where an "attempt to stop them while in motion has been of no advantage to the man making the attempt. One of these things is a ballet, and the other on angry woman's tongue. " Well, Jarvis, you've beaten your wife, you've had your own head broken, and your eyes blackened, and your front teeth knocked out, and you spent the night in a police cell !" Well, Six John, it's a poor 'art as never rejoices !" First passenger (referring to his wife) " She's obliged to give a bit of a lurch every now and then." Second ditto (speaking of the ship)-" Yes ; we've been remarking she seems a bit frisky, especially when she meets a swell." Seated at a club-table once at which was a well-known entertainer whose habit it was in his public exhibitions to dive for a moment out of sight and reappear with an altered physiognomy, the late H. J. Byron addressed him thus-" W., why do you not go under the table and come up some one else, and remain so ?" Mrs. J. hears, on the very best authority, that dresses nest season will not be worn as short as they are now. This will be good news indeed for married men of limited incomes, if their wives take to wearing their dresses a little longer. Women are employed on tramcars at Chili and, we read, they do their work as well as men. After all, why should they not ? The ladies-bless their hearts !-are not able to manage tramcars, or omnibuses for the mat- ter of that, but they most all know how to conduct themselves. Ticket Collector-" This is your boy, mum ! He's too big for 'alf ticket." Mother (down upon him)-" Oh, is he ? Well, p'raps he is now, Mister, but he wasn't when we started. The 'Xcursion's ever so many hours be'iud time, an' he's- a growin' lad ! So now !" Young married man-" Upon my word, my dear, I can't think where we ought to go to. But we really ought to make up our minds. Everybody's out of town." Wifey pifey-" Suppose we stop in town then, dear, and go the rounds of all the music halls, and have little suppers at the restau- rants. As everyone else is gone, no one can see us, you know ; so it's a good chance." " I can't find my tooth-brush anywhere," said a Cottage Hill young lady, looking all over the house for the article. " I'll len' you mine," accommodatingly suggested the coloured kitchen girl. " Oh no, thanks ! " replied the young lady, fuming away. " You needn't hab no combustion about takin' it, miss," persisted the girl, " for I's used your's sometimes when I could't find mine." Smith has been " dining," and has re- quested, cabby to drive him to a certain ad- dress. Cabby does so, and Gandlady an- swers door. Landlady-But that gentle- man doesn't live here. What's his name ? Cabby (chancing it)-Smith. Landlady (re- flects)--Smith--Smith-*-Let me see ; I fancy I recollect such a gentleman ; but-but dear me ! it is about six years ago since he died ! Cabby- Lor a-mercy ! Is it a Ghostee ? " Sister," said a , little boy, rushing into the parlour, where she was entertaining young Mr. Smith, " will you come into the hall a minute ? I want to speak to you." " I cannot, now, dear. Don't you see I am engaged with Mr. Smith. What is it you want?" "Jimmy White is out in the hall, and he says he won't believe it unless you tell him so yourself." " What is it that Jimmy White won't believe?" asked the. sister sweetly. "That you ate twenty-five pan cakes this morning for breakfast." Down at Slocum-Podger it has got about that foreign copper coinage is not legal ten- der ; all the tradespeople refuse to take them The consequence is they are all put in the collecting boxes at church on Sundays. After this had been going on several Sundays, the Deacon says at last to the Minister, in the vestry :-" Look here, sir ! this must be put a stop to ! We must either stick up a notice or you must announce it from the pulpit that we really can't take anymore Freud pennies." ANOTHER EBONY BULEE '. The brave Prince Saturday Ja-Ja, Who is always the pride of his dusky pa, And the idol of his eboriyma: Is bound for Great Britain some pleasuri to seek. You must treat him with great respect, for lo He's the son of the monarch of Opobo And Saturday's strongly built you mus know, Although he ia really the last of the week 