Nuts for Billy Groom. Jordan has a hobby-immigration; Isambert has a hobby-tfer monish j Billy Groom goes them one better, for he has two—protection and Canada. The two are intertwined in Billy's festive imagi nation, they rise together when he calls them, hke twin ghosts. If he dreams of »theoretical perfection, np pops Protection; and hand-in-hand with protection comes Canada, Billy's ideal state, the type of what he would like Australia to be. Suppose we take An imaginary trip through Canada and see Billy Groom's, hobby in its stable, before it has been " gingered " by Billy's Bkilful fingers. Just let us see what Canada is for the working man and how protection has effected her trade. If we stand at any crossing place between Canada and the States we shall see the Canacks pouring across :in one continuous stream. Seventy thousand a year is the balance of the tide of immigration and emigration against Canada, A funny showing, isn't it, that men should leave such a prosperous country as Billy pictures for us? True, they go from one protected country into another, but Protection doesn't " protect" 50,000,000 people as much as it does 4,000,000, conse quently, the States stand it better though they don't prosper under it. Why should they emigrate ? It's easy to tell why, with unskilled labor in the capital down to 3s. 7d. a day and mechanics only earning 6s. and 7s. In the ^country towns mechanics think 4s. a day all the year round a bonanzo, and if, as some trades do, they get paid 8s. or 10s., the fearful winter lays them idle for six months out of the twelve. The " shanty-men/1 as the timber-getters are called, can be hired in droves in Ottawa and Mon treal for Ten Shillings a Week and Board. They are splendid axemen, and for this paltry pay work all through the. winter in the bush, and come down with the dangerous " drives" when the snow melts in Spring. Why, the poor pay of Canadian laborers is notorious. There is many a tramp printer in Brisbane—for printers are: thorough Bohemians—who could post Billy up on Canada, who could tell him how the Canacks live thriftily and fare hardly. Although food and lodging is much cheaper in the dominion, a day's earning doesn't go nearly as far as it does across the border. In Buffalo; for example, the printers scale is 35 cents per 1000 ems for newspaper work ; in .Toronto, 40 miles further East, the scale is only 25 cents per 1000. Before the Macdonald protection tariff was intro duced in 1878, wages were no higher, but prices were much lower. Protection sent prices up like kites, but wages would not respond. Let us see, however, if Canadian protection has made more work for theworkingmenofthe dominion, if trade is flourishing, and! manufactures thriving. I I don't have to make comparatively unsubstantiated assertions this time. I can get it out of the Government reports, which I challenge Billy Groom or any other man to dis prove. In 1883 the tonnage entered inwards at Quebec, the gateway of Canada, was 785,772 tons ; in 1884 it was only 646,365 tons, a falling off in the last year of 139,407 tons. But the protectionists intended to reduce the shipments inwards, that's part of their policy:—to keep trade in the country. How then, does Billy Groom get over the fact that the outward shipments from the same port fell off 115,630 tons in the same year ? The shipments from New Brunswick also dimin ished 7653 tons, of which 4326 tons was from the single port of St. Johns. This town has seen its outward trade decrease by the enormous amount of 31,815 tons since 1879, the first year protection was applied. Does this sort of thing explain why the Canadian maritime provinces aire shouting for secession from the Dominion ? From St. John's also the timber output fell off 20,000,000 feet in 1884. Protection increased the cost of getting it out, and the lumberers couldn't compete with the other getters. And on the top of all this, the Canadian factories reduced their staff by 7000 hands in the same year. These are hard facts j are nuts that Billy's teeth aren't tough enough to crack. Macdonald deceived the C&nadians;, just as Billy Groom wants to deceive us Canada was always a slow-going sort of a place, anyway. The hard winters froze it up, and the summers hardly thawed it before the frost came again, but it was tolerably well-to-do. But Macdonald was out of power, and wanted to get in. He's a sort of Griffith, an unscrupulous fellow, who'll lie as soon as look at one, and he saw, as Billy does, that with a certain set of hopeful ignoramuses the cry of " protection" would take. Business had been dull for a year or two when Mac got in his work; He howled " protecticai" and the thing took like the dress-improver. Work had been plentiful, and Mac's policy was to make it plentiful once more. Mills were to run double "time. Factories were to go up in every village. Farm products was to increase value 50 per cent. Three employers were to go hunting round for evei^y laborer. Everybody was to be satisfied j just as Billy Groom tells us they are satisfied. But Billy's knowledge quit before the policy was weighed and found wanting. He doesn't know that Canada is being satisfied— very much satisfied, indeed. Satisfied that no community can derive benefit from commercial isolation; Satisfied that lier farmers must sell in the market of the world; Satisfied that the laborer is a consumer as much as a producer; Satisfied that protection leaves the laborer at the mercy of the monopolist 5 Satisfied that for the honest capitalist there is a great gulf between selling at open market prices, and buying at artificial prices, there is a great gulf which swallows up all hope of prosperity J Satisfied that the Canadian flag, like the Ameri can, is being protected off the face of the ocean. That's how Canadian protection protects. The Reform party—the English speaking party— has been, and still is outspoken for free trade. The Conservative party—whose main strength is among the bigoted and ignorant French habitans of the lower provinces—alone holds up protection. Every election is strengthening the hands of the reformers, and when the Macdonald Government falls, Canadian protection will fall with it. # # # And isn't rather funny that besides wearing colored glasses, Billy Groom should ask us to think that these illiterate French-Canadian habitant know more about political economy than the men who are our own kith and kin, the Reformers of Ontario. I've done, Billy; now you can talk. 