THE JOURNALS OF MAJOR GENERAL 0. G. GORDON, CB., AT KHARTOUM. [reprinting from the Sydney Morning Herald, we propose to give our readers, from time to time, as space permits, some of the most interesting passages from the latter portions of General Gordon's Khartoum Diary, recently published in England.] -is ' SEPTEMBER 12. It is most dispiriting to be in the position I am, if it was not good for me, when I think that, when I left I could say, " no man could lift his hand or foot in the land of the Soudan " without me (Gen. xli., 44), and now we cannot calculate on our existence over 24 hours. The people are all against us, and what a power they have they need not fight, but have merely to refuse to sell us their grain. The stomach governs the world, and it was the stomach (a despised organ) which caused our misery from the beginning. It is wonderful that the central tube of man governs the world, in small and great things. One of Said Mahomet Osman's family, come in from Shondy, reports Osman Digna as writing to Berber, reporting the arrival of the English at Suakim, their purchase of camels, and advance. The Arab chief of Berber assembled his subordinates and told them this, also of the advance of the troops from Dobbeh commanded by English (Wood's force and recommended them to collect their men. The two captured steamers at Berber are on opposite sides of river. Sent out letter to the Arabs to-day, saying I would let the Greek Consul come out and meet the Greek who had written to me ; the Arabs this time did not fire on the flag of truce. Church parade of Arabs on south front, but very far off. The man from Shendy reports that all the right bank of the Nile is quiet. We have sent out an escort to try and capture Ghazi, who is on his way to Berber. It certainly is a curious exemplification of how very lightly religions sit on men, and to note the fearful apostacy of both Mussulmans and Christians, when their lives or property are menaced. There is scarcely one great family of the Soudan, families who can trace their pedigree for 500 years, who have not accepted Mahomet Achmet as Mahdi, to save their property, though they laugh at the idea afterwards. I am using this argument with them, in saying, " You ask me to become a Mussulman to save my life, and you yourself acknowledge Mahomet Achmet as the Mahdi, to save your lives ; why, if we go on this principle, we will be adopting every religion whose adherents threaten our existence, for you know and own, when you are safe, that Mahomet Achmet is not the Mahdi." One of our captured soldiers from Obeyed came in from Wanted a Good, and four others, with a woman, came in from Faki Mustapha (two of the last were more slaves of the unfortunate Pasha Ibrahim, who was executed) j they report good scarce in the Arab camp, and that many are striving to run away, owing to the way they are bullied. THem as are writing letters to Arab chiefs, protesting against their acts, as being contrary to Muslim religion. The Greeks and other prisoners in Obeyed, is.. complain bitterly of their privations and ill-treatment by the Arabs, in the letters they sent in here to other Greeks. I was awakened this morning by a woman crying out, " My son has been I murdered, and I demand justice." Her J little only son had, it appears, been in one of the Arab water-wheels, which are moved by oxen, and a man had pushed him off ; his skull was partially fractured, but he had been in hospital for some days, and we hoped for his recovery, when inflammation set in, and he died. He was a nice little bright- eyed, chocolate-coloured child of eight years old-the mother is a widow. One is drawn towards the children of this country, both browns and blacks the former are of a perfect bronze colour. The browns and blacks bear their wounds without a murmur ; the poor fellaheen soldiers well upon the slightest touch to their wounds. One of the Arab chiefs came to the Shoboloha defile, and tried to raise the people to occupy the passage ; the people refused, and the Arab chief went off. There is a negro soldier in hospital with a cut on the nose from a sword ; the cut has entered the nostrils, giving him four openings instead of two-it is on the bridge of the nose of a negro nose can be said to have a bridge), and the man's cheeks are untouched. One man received a wound in the chest; he lived 11 days, and died. The doctor found a bullet lodged in the centre of his heart, in want of ventricle. The doctor said this heart in spirits. It was a ball weighing; the same as our Martini Henry bullets. The negro soldiers are wonderfully clean, while the fellaheen and Turkish lot are just the reverse ; the former have the ghost of a well cleaned and polished boot, such as the little London shoeblack loves to turn out for a penny j'. A Greek came in from the Arabs to-night ; I sent the Greek Consul to see him on the lines, where he will stop for the night. I saw the THomas to-day, and lamented to them the degeneracy of the Faith, when Christians become Mussulmans to save their lives, and Mussulmans become the follows of the False Prophet, te save their property. They are going to preach against this, but I fear much that when it is a question between Allah and their goats, c, they will be inclined to look after their goats, as a rule. I am afraid we are much the same, and would prefer 50,000 men at our backs than any scripture promises ; it is only when we are pushed into a corner, and cannot get the 50,000 men, that we turn to the promises-at least, that is so to a great extent with me. There is no doubt that success makes men hard on their fellows, while misfortune makes Hiern soft. (One has only to study the demeanour of a Cabinet Minister or a colonel while in office to be convinced of this truth. I do not believe that fanatical exists as it used to do in the world, judging from what I have seen in this so-called fanatic land. It is far more a question of property, and is more like communism under the flag of religion, which seems to excite and to give colour to acts which men would otherwise condemn. I am sure it is unknown to the generality of our missionaries in Muslim countries that in the Koran no imputation of sin is made on our Lord, neither is it hinted that he had need of pardon, and, further, no Muslim can deny that the father of our Lord was God (vide Chapter III. o? Zoran, " the Family of Touran ") and that he was incarnated by a miracle. Our bishops content themselves with its being a false religion, but it is a false religion professed by millions on millions of our fellow-creatures. The Muslims do not say Mahomet was without sin, and Koran often acknowledges that he erred, but no Muslim will say "Jesus sinned." As far as self-sacrifice of the body, they are far above Korean Catholics, and consequently above Protestants. It is positive trouble when one calls one's servant to be continually told he is at his prayers, and one cannot think that this is an excuse for it can be no pleasure to be in a constrained position for a considerable time, unless one had some faith in those prayers. The God of the Muslims is our God. And they do not believe that Mahomet exercises any mediatorial office for them. They believe they will stand and fall by their own deeds in fact they are as much under the law as the Jews. During our blockade we have often discussed the question of being frightened which, in the world's view, a man never should be. For my part I am always frightened, and very much so. I fear the future of all engagements. It is not the fear of death; that is past, thank God ; but I fear defeat and its consequences. I do not believe a bit in the calm, unmoved man. I think it is only that he does not show it outwardly. Thence I conclude no commander of forces ought to live cloudy in relation with his subordinates, who watch him like lynxes, for there is no contagion equal to that of fear. I have been rendered furious, when, from anxiety, I could not that, I would find those at the same table were in a like manner affected. The Greek Consul came back from seeing the Greek, who brought a letter from Waled a Goun. asking me to surrender. I answered as per margin, saying I did not see it. The Greeks object was to get us to surrender. He says : Lupton of Bahr Gazelle has come down to Shake, with his men to surrender, and that Kemal Bey of the Equator is said to be also captured. The Greek says " Cuzzi left yesterday for Berber. Slatin Bey was in Kordofan. The Mahdi was on his way here." According to the Greek Consul, this man came in - to get money for the Greek prisoners, and for little else. I have left the Greek Consul to do what he likes with regard to this. There was an earthquake, lasting some seconds, at 9 to-night ; like the other ones it was from south to north. When one thinks of the enormous loss of life which has taken place in the Soudan since 1880, and the general upset of all government, one cannot help feeling vicious against Sir Auckland Colvin, Sir Edward Malet, and Sir Charles Dilke, for it is on account of these three men, whose advice was taken by Her Majesty's Government-, that all these sorrows are due. They went in for the bond-holders, and treated as chimerical any who thought differently from them. by letting Sir Auckland Colvin and Sir Edward Malet stay in Egypt when he went there, got let into their ways. Time has shown the result of their policy, and we shall hear of them no more. In a minor degree the Times correspondent at Cairo and Alexandria is a sinner, for he backed them. We are an honest nation, but our diplomatists are comes, and not officially honest. September 13. Sent out notifications to all the authorities in Egypt and the Soudan to search Cuzzi closely, for I think he is an emissary of the Mahdi ; this can be done under pretence of customs. I am inclined to think that Cozzi betrayed Bwbor to the Arabs, for how else can the different treatment he received from the Mahdi from all other Europeans be accounted for Five of our soldiers captured at Obeyed came in to-day ; they report the Arabs 11 not strong and not meditating immediate t action (they brought their arms with them ; they say the Arabs knew of our ! expedition to Berber. The Ulemas sent a letter to the Mahdi to-day ; these letters are interesting, for they show the views of these people. The steamers are repot fr>a ' as have pas- . used the Shoboloha dolls- said they ought to be at Berber to-day. Note that I do not call our enemy rebels, but Arabs, for it is a vexed question whether we are not rebels, seeing I hold the firman restoring Soudan to its chiefs. The Greek who came in yesterday told the Greek Doctor here that the superior of the mission at Obeyed alone has kept his faith ; his name is a' Luigi Bonorni ;" the other priests and nuns all have become Muslims so he says ; the nuns have nominally married Greeks to save themselves from outrage. He says Cuzzi received two horses, a wife, a slave, and GO dollars, from the Mahdi, with whom he was on the closest terms of intimacy. He says Slatin had 4000 orders of cholera and 1500 cows, and plenty of ammunition when he surrendered ; he has been given eight horses by the Mahdi (all this information must be taken with reserve ). The Greeks here made up £38 for their com- patriots in captivity, and the Austrian Consul sent 100 dollars to the mission at Obeyed I gave the Greek 5 dollars, which I expect was wasted, and I doubt if the Greek will not keep all the money he has received. I grudge the 20 dollars I gave Cuzzi, for I expect he is a vile traitor. I expect he gave the Mahdi all the cyphers ; fortunately he had not the Foreign Office cypher, which Stewart has carried off. Had I known this information about Cuzzi, I ought to have de- capitated him, but it is as well I left him to his fate. If what the Greek says is true about the apostacy of all but Don Luigi, what a spectacle! for certainly those people came to this country with more faith than those that stay at home ; they could not expect any comforts in it, but much self denial. Some of those nuns had as much as £1000 a year, which they left to come here. Of course the Greek's statement is open to much doubt. Slatin's name is Abel Kadi, Cuzzi's name is Mahomet Yusuf. Mahdi pro poses I should put myself, on my surrender, under Abou Gugliz, who is a notorious breaker of the Dervish rules. I forgot in my letter to remark on this. It appears each of these men have a spiritual adviser with them, who acts as a spy as well. Two more of the Obeyed soldiers escaped this afternoon; they say the Arabs meditate putting a gun on the Blue Nile above Bourke, and another in front of the front of lines, with the idea of bombarding the town. Psammitichus besieged Azotus or Ashdod for twenty-nine years (according to Herodotus). What a life for the people of Azores One is tired enough of this, and we have only had six months of it. Azotus or Ashdod is a miserable little village between Jafa (which, by the way, is called Japhet, the son of Noah) and Gaza. The black soldiers who come in are generally old acquaintances of mine are., they know me, while their black pug faces are all alike to me. I like the Chinese best, then the pug-faced blacks, then the chocolate Soudan people. I do not like the tallow-faced fellahoon.though I feel sorry for them. Ezekiel xxiv. and xxx. are interesting, for they show Egypt to be doomed to be the basest of kingdoms, never possessing a ruler of its own race, (Mahomet Ali was a Sandjak of Salonica, and an alien to this land). The judgments on this land are on account of its cruelties in respect to the slave trade Berber (which Colonel Stewart ought to pass the night is 200 miles from Morowa, where the cataracts cease, thence there is open water to Dongola, 150 miles distant from Merowie ; he ought there to find the telegraph open, and so on the 20th of September he ought to be in communication with Cairo and Europe. One thing puzzles me is, if it was really determined to abandon the Soudan to its fate, why the people of Dongola and of Senheit were not withdrawn, when the determination was taken ; there could he no possible object for keeping the people in those places. I think if, instead of. Minor Tactics '' or books on art of war, we were to make our young officers study " Plutarch's Lives," it would be better ; there we see men (unsupported by any true belief, pure pagans) making, as a matter of course, their lives a sacrifice, but in our days it is the highest merit not to run away. I speak for myself when I say I have been in dire anxiety, not for my own skin, but because I hate to be beaten, and I hate to see my schemes fail ; but thatlhavehad to under- go a tithe of what any nurse has to under- go, who is attached to a querulous invalid is absurd, and not to be weighed together. When I emerge all are complimentary ; when the invalid dies the question is, what should be given to the nurse for her services. We profess to be followers of our Lord, who, from His birth, when He was hunted, till His death, may be said to have had no sympathy or kindness shown Him, yet we (and I say myself es- specially) cry out if we are placed in any position of suffering, whereas it is our metier, if we are Christians, to undergo such suffering. I have led the officers and officials the lives of dogs while I have been up here ; it £3 spurs in their Ranks every day ; nothing can obliterate this ill-treatment from my memory. I may say that I have not given them a moment's peace ; they are comes, but I ought to have been more considerate. It is quite painful to see men tremble so when they come and see me, that they cannot hold the match to their cigarette. Yet I have cut off no heads ; I have only killed two Pasha's, and I declare, had it not been for outside influences, those two Pasha would have been alive now : they were judicially murdered. Happy, as far as we can see, are those men who suing in small area unhappy are those who, seeking the field of adventure, swing from i In extremes of evil and good. The neutral but is the best to wear. What a contradiction is life ! I hate her Majesty's Government for their leaving the Soudan after having caused all its troubles ; yet I believe our Lord rules heaven and earth ; so I ought to have ' line, which I (sincerely) do not. I hear caused, the Austrian Consul, is disposed to go with his seven female attendants to the Arabs. I hope he will do So. Heaps of cattle come in every day, but - very little grain. Seyd Mahomet Osman has sent word to his people to go to Khartoum for refuge ; this is pleasant for us ! but it shows his confidence in our future, and it is a great honour to me, who (thank God) am given faith to out- speak, " I am a Christian," to have obtained such confidence from a man, who would, in the times of my glory, scarcely look at me. One of his (Seyd Mahomet Osman's) men going down to Shendy' (where his sister, a very plucky woman, lives was taking down a pair of slippers for her, and he brought them here ; I wrote my name on the inside of each, and told him to tell the " Sitt," or lady, when she put them on, she put her claw on my head ; the man came back the other day, and said the " Sitt was delighted with the idea." What a row the Pope will make about the nuns marrying the Greeks ! It is the union of the Greek and Latin churches. HOP BITTERS is an elegant, healthy, and refreshing flavouring for sick room drinks, impure water, etc. rendering them harmless, and sWeetening the mouth and cleansing the stomach. 