LI7IHG OR DEAD. Br Atha. CHAPTER IV.— The Bivouac. The Forest Bangers were a local corps, end commanded by Major Von Tempsky, aft Hungarian. During the crisis which threatened New Zealand with murder and rapine by the rebels, there had been raised Balf a dozen volunteer regiments in the sister colonies, and dispatched to the scene of action. The pick of these volunteers was embodied as the Forest Rangers, who were known and acknowledged by General Cameron as the best bush fighters under his command. Their leader, Von Tempsky, iield a high reputation as the most daring end intrepid officer in. the colonial service. Indeed the bold Jlungarian was a great favorite with the general and his staff, and Jiad things pretty well hia own way when »oi actually engaged with the enemy. It will easily be surmised that the commander icf the Hangers was beloved by his men. Once, at the storming of the ' Grate Pah,' Von Tempskyfled his men right through, the massed ranks of the rebel host into the stronghold, where he and his regiment Would undoubtedly have been slain to a man Irat for the coolness and courage displayed ty a corporal of the 6 — th Imperial In fantry, who had been temporarily attached to the corps in consequence of its paucity of officers. Major V-m Tempsky had acted without orders, and although severly wounded, he was placed under arrest ; but the Bangers rose en ma-sse and demanded bis release, which the general wisely granted. The major was grateful to the man whose bravery had extricated his corps from immi nent peril, whenhehimself was down,oovered with wounds.' Through the advice of the Commander of the Force*, Corporal Ormond .{for it was none other than our old friend) was transferred from the 6: — th Light In fantry to the command of a company in the Bangers, with the brevet rank of captain, fin consideration of his valiant services. To 6tride from out the ranks into a posi tion of responsibility and command is a try Ing ordeal no doubt, but the term ' captain ' appeared to fit Philio Ormond as easily .as 'major' sat upon Von Tempsky. They Were both gentlemen and soldiers, and there 5s no open sesame to the heart of a brave man like the exhibition of nerve and pluck. Though the Forest Rangers were a crack corps, its officers welcomed their new com 8*ade with open arms, and none with more warmth than Von Tempsky. It was night ere Claude Fanshawe peached the camp of General Cameron on the Patea. Hight, and all its attendant hosts of stars shine down on crag and peak, thickly clothed with giant kauri pines. Be low, on the sloping sides of the valley, the watch fires of the bivouac^gleam, disclosing the bell tents of the Imperial troops, whose sides ripple and quiver with the wind like sheeted ghosts. Further up the hill side, ihe brown mi-mis of the Rangers can be discerned in a line, with a gigantic fire of pine logs in front, and a circle of tall, swarthy fellows round it, talking, laughing, and' smoking. In rear, the officers were assembled at mess . beneath an old picnic tent, minus the sides. Two broad, rough xp&ras;, placed '.upon a couple of , empty -jCBi&ks;, Jbrmed a table, with shot boxes in iteu ofehauBj , and *» assortment of stray knives andiforkH, which liad been collected iln^ivera|ft^ sundry places all over the JbpoicL JThe deficiency of plute and all the little etceteras which form' the ioui ensemifM iol a., dinner viable « la wo-fe, were amply compensated by the merry faces gathered ?iogeraier at' the Ranger«' mesn. Trn'ef they (OonM only muster one^d«canter and a pair «t wine glasses after a ifcost prolonged and jietermined attack on^oaet pig,-wil& duck, and come of the largest schnapper ever lucked out of the Patea—tnt there was no . fci^t-t ^od liguor.before them— and it is' Aeedlese to saj they were very merry and Teky noisy. 1 May 1 tusk who is the officer in command jtare?' cried, Clande Fanshawe, advancing raon tiie«BteniBhei gathering, with mock jn&Bmutyin; Ib&b; tones. \- Before £h» answer eonld be spoken he was oeized by a dozen pair of hands and pulled Hggswds &*,4ttfcls. - ^ TaJce a seat, SvosblrWe. W-elcome hack; Aeacr^boj-. flow** old Madame yrjponjf and W fatd*ught«ra ? Bt»nt end 'Peyton of 09xa-—laetAnaaA Ftoabawe of ihei-— th. 1 say Barto&l;, stop jfcat damned row and fetaBfeplafe. Where'#tto-4jdjntapt? Ah, 1Wy0uawil«JrindanouSio«llTo«r ' JSwSiawa ^ook hut «al ffc'ifoe ^able «s flTatot bmimn »#«wd-y iiw^rcpnetori «f the Tozer entered wita tke hind quarter of* a young' porker on'thB cover of a camp.potv 'Only just arrived, Major; deligj||ed to be with you again. Pray pass that vHuspi ciouB looking bottle at your elbow, Ormondr Thank you-' . ? ?''' While questions were bsing poured fast and thick upon the head of the new comer, Von -Tempsky 's servant spread a corner of the cloth, uncorked several bottles, which he placed upon the table, then retired. ' Ah, men ? cher, nothing like camp life to give one an appetite,' said the major. ' There's Huxley, who turned up his nose at a carbonade with olives,. venison stewed in Burgundy, and a bowl of bishop ; only last week at Musgrove's. Parbleu ! my mouth waters, and I'm only in harness six short days.' .????? - A tall, dark man, Major Von Tempsky, over 6ft high ; his skin bronzed a dusky red by exposure to all weathers. His uniform, which was a/«c simile of that worn by his brother officers and men, consisted of a blue serge-jumper, tucked into a pair of pants, seamed with scarlet, and encompassed at the waist by a .broad leathern belt, from which gleamed the polished barrel of a revolver, in .company with a formidable knife ; a pair of long boots, Teaching above the kne6, a heavy rapier, and. a round, black felt hat adorned with a pelew feather, com pleted the costume of one who will long be remembered in the annals of New Zealand warfare. On Von Tempsky's right sat Colonel Harry Smythe, of the 6 — ih Light Infantry, a brave old officer, who had been through the Crimea and the Indian Mutiny. He had no less than five orders glittering on the breast of his tunic. On the other side of the table the younger subs were gathered together round a smoking kettle of punch.' ' What is the latest news from the city, Fanshawe r' ' Oh, the good people of Auckland have it that the Rangers have been defeated, cut to pieces in fact, while landing, and that the general is a prisoner in the hands of Tupo. Another slice, major. Thank you.' 4 The ' boys' are too tough to. be easily carved,5 replied Captain Atherton, laughing. ' Halloa ! what the deuce is that ?' The exclamation was caused by the unex pected appearance of a bullock belonging to the baggage train, who' walked majestically under the tent, and took a critical survey of the assembly. ' A glass of wine, your highness ?' cried Huxley, rising, from his seat, glass in hand, and approaching; but the beast, taking fright wheeled suddenly round, threw up its hind legs, and sent the glass and its con tents all over the table. A roar of laughter followed, in ?which Huxley heartily joined. * This incident, gentlemen, reminds me of a good joke which- occurred on the Waikato River, at the commencement of the war,' said he. 'A story! a story!' cried a chorus cf voices. ' Well, thank goodness, it's not a very long one,' answered Huxley, easing his waist belt. ' Push the wine this way ; my friend Sheldon always keeps it lingering beside him.' ' Be it known, then, in the annals of colo nial history, that some time ago, ere we were joined by our friends of the Im perial service, three companies, termed the ' Auckland Fencibles,' were organised in that city for duty in the field. This gallant force consisted mostly of raw lads from desk and counter, and placed under the command of one, Peter Brady, a master baker. Peter had served in the North Cork Militia at home, hence his claim to the colonelcy of the Yencibles — who, I niay remark en passant, ?were the seediest- looking- devils you ever beheld outside a musket. Peter never let them alone ; morning, noon, and night he had them out — polishing, drilling, marching, and, counter-marching, but somehow they couldn't manage to get be yond the balance step. At this stage they were supplied with rifles, and ordered to the Queen's Redoubt, to relieve part of the 14th, who were to advance on Rangarihr. The Fencibles took possession of the post, made themselves comfortable in the tents of the Buffers, stationed sentries round the camp, and retired to repose. In the middle of the night, however, there was heard a great sound, as of the tiftmping of an army from the left of the position, and where some empty tents stood unoccupied ; cords were snapped, canvas rent, poles broken, and the nearest sentry — who had probably been dozing —fired his musket and roused the camp. ' Ho, men, up ! Quick ! turn out, tarn out ; the Maoris are upon us,' now rang out on every hand. ' The men suddenly roused out of a deep sleep, rolled over each other in the confusion and the darkness, and made disorder and tumult worse confounded by each striving for the door* of the tents at the same mo ment. At the first crack of the rifle Peter Brady was on his legs, and rushed forth with his naked sabre, and. formed the men as they appeared. 'Steady, boys I Let yez be steady,' he cried. * Form -op, shoulder fco shoulder,' as did yer forefathers at Watherloo. Silence, there I -Be myvsowV-Fll clave the first man to the stomach .that's after disobeying the W-*rd o' command, ifow, men, attention 1 Fix Saybne'ts! ' Yonder comes the inimy. Follpw^ae, an' the devil take the hindmost.' With this brief and characteristic speech, Colonel Braflf led i3ie Fencibles to the attack; tut the gallant commander -had not, advanced twenty paces before he was met full butt by a long-homed bullock, and placed Twrs de combat. And, truth to state, poor Peter soon discovered that the foes ne had to encounter were only a team of bnl locks, who, having found their way out of a etockyard adjacent, had got amongst the empty tents ana caused the mischief. 'Bravo, Huxley.- They saj that Brady is a cousin of yours.' c True enough, major.' 'By the way, wasn't it your famous relative who played the joke upon a bailiff some two years ago at Auckland P* * The same man.' ? .t *Frsy relate the case,' said Ton Tempsky. 4 Old Jones, the ironmonger, of Shutland Crescent — Brady's -neighbor — was very fond of going to law/ commenced Huxley. ( One day there was a. collision between Brady's cart^nd Joneses van, in Queen- street; the van was amaahed, and the ironmonger, as nstttl, took the *fiair into «ouri. He 3ost the case, lrot/not satisfied, bad the patten re-opened n& another tribunal, who~ fossil Pefcergailty,ana mulcted bimina fiseof JJ50. Brady eworejbfe wonldaeverpay af arthing^of the monev j sojiis*igp^^'|sBued^wi execution. ? - -gap*-.- -,-?-...-. -.'., ' - . . .-.. - ?? Peter heard of this, closed his house and his shop, so that a mouse Woold have. found it difficult to gain admission, much more a bailiff. Well. Peter had been eome days alone in his den, when one morning a spring ran is driv-en up to the door, containing a large case. ? . ? ' . . - ' What's that P1 cries Peter from the window. ' A box of things from your honor's brother, Mr. Toole Brady, of Parnell,* an swers the driver. . '* All right,' and Peter opens the door. The case is deposited on the floor of the front room, but my unsuspecting relative no sooner opened ' it than up rose 'Alec. Cuff, the town bailiff, like a Jack in the box. 'How d'ye do, Mr. Brady,' says he, draw ing a long breath, like a man who had been undergoing the pain of allocation. ' Phew ! it's a mighty close place, that. If yon please I'll take possession here, or a cheque for fifty pounds, which you like.' * Go to the d — 1 ! ' cried Peter in a terrible passion ; but the bailiff, not caring for so long a journey, quietly settled himself in Brady's arm-chair, drew forth his pipe, and made himself comfortable. ' Poor Peter retired to an inner room, growling like a savage, but made his appear ance again in less than half an hour, smiling like a broker who had just netted a ?thou.' ' I'm going out for a short time,' said he to the bailiff. ' There's liquor in that cup board ; make yourself aisy, you're welcome.' ' Cnff was fond of whisky, and Peter prided himself on his potheen. When the baker returned, which he did in the course of the day, accompanied by two rough looking fellows, and a stout, fussy individual dressed in black, the bailiff was more than half seas over, and was on the point of trying the first act of ' Roger d© Coverley.' There's your man,' cried Peter in feigned alarm. 4 That's him boys. Mind he doesn't escape.' In an instant th© two fellows pounced upon the unfortunate Cuff, threw him to the ground, and began to bind his limbs with a rope. The poor ba'diff, roused to anger by such unjust proceedings, swore and raved at his assailants in such a dread ful manner, that the f cssy man held up his hands and pronounced it the most absolute case of dangerous insanity he had ever seen in the whole course of his experience. ' To be brief, .gentlemen, 'Peter Brady had conceived the idea of having the bailiff taken off to a private lunatic asylum, which he carried out to the letter. At the end of a week Alec Cuff came forth with his head as bald as an eggshell, and was the laughing stock of the whole city ; but he made Peter Brady pay dearly for his joke.' (to be contikged.) 