SAVED BY FREEMASONRY. \----------- I became a Mason before I obtained my majority in the — regiment of foot. I had joined a celebrated lodge in the metropolis, and though at first I took but a languid interest in the business, I soon became in- terested, and endeavoured to make myself familiar with the teaching of the order. My regiment was at this time stationed at Chatham, but I always contrived to run up to town to attend lodge, and I usually found the masonic banquets much more enjoyable than the mess dinners. I had taken two or three degrees in the order, and was looking forward in due time to filling some honourable offices in the lodge, when war broke out between England and Russia. We had been expecting hostili- ties, and, immediately on the publication of the Queen's proclamation, my regiment received orders to hold itself in readiness for active service. I had at once to give up all the dreams of Masonic advance, and prepare myself for the stern duties of the field. Many readers will doubtless remember the stirring incidents of the period of which I am writing, and I need not dwell upon the details connected with one departure for the Crimea. We were among the first to embark, and with our luggage we were crowded into one of those uncomfortable troop ships of the Urgent type, which were the best means of transport our Admiralty then possessed. . . . Some of the regi- ments were embarked on board hired transports, and the others were accom- modated on board the line of battle ships, which formed a portion of the fleet which was to attack the forts of Sebastopol. The voyage was an unpleasant one, but we did not mind that. Our fellows were delighted at the thought of active service in the field, and no one dreamed of the hardship and suffering we were fated to endure. Our landing at Eupatoria, and the victory of the Alma, are facts of history, too well known to need any reference here . . . Some of us were sanguine enough to believe that this victory had decided the fate of the Russians, but we soon dis- covered that our task was only beginning. When the trenches were opened, we were among the troops ordered to the front, and from first to last we got more than our share of the fighting. We should not, however, have minded if we had been pro- perly cared for. We were a fortnight with- out tents, and when we got them they were a poor defence against the weather— mere rags, in fact, which admitted every breath of wind. I and two or three other officers messed and slept together in a small tent, to the right of our position, and we soon found that the mess was a more fiction. Hard bread and salt junk, with green coffee, were indeed served out to us, but we had no comforts, and our private stores, upon which we had based our hopes, were on board our ship in Bala- clava harbour, and we had no chance of getting them. Often have I, after spend- Ong a night on the damp ground, with no other shelter than our flimsy tent and a blanket, risen to breakfast on biscuits and cold water. The men, of course, were no better off than ourselves, and as winter approached a great many of them were obliged to cut up their knapsacks into leggings, to defend their limbs from the wet and mud of the trenches. What awful nights were those which we spent on duty at the front! . Salt junk, or salt horse, as the sailors call it, was beginning to tell upon us, and our mess at least was suffering from that indes- scribable longing for fresh meat, which must be felt to be understood. The regi- ment that was quartered near us was French, and the men possessed a brute of a dog, which somehow or other managed to keep a little flesh on his bones. We longed to shoot and dine off the rascal, who was continually prowling about our tents, but honour forbade us to attempt such an outrage. Gaston was known to be a great thief, and we strongly suspected that he made free with our scanty rations ; but we could never catch him in the act, until one memorable night, the rogue, forgetting his usual caution, slipped into our tent, and snatched a piece of pork be- fore our very eyes. O'Flannigan of ours had been cleaning his revolver, and as the brute rushed past him with his meat he struck him a tremendous blow on the head with the butt end of the weapon. Poor Gaston rolled over with a cry which was a cross between a howl and a shriek, dropped the meat, turned up the whites of his eyes, and gave up the ghost. We were not long in disposing of the body, and I must con- fess that roast dog is an excellent dish. . . We had to pay for Gaston, though, through the nose. His comrades in the regiment soon cleared up the mystery of his disap- pearance, and O'Flannigan and I had to exchange shots with a couple of fire-eaters, who felt bound in honour to burn powder over the affair. But this little incident keeps me from the pith of my story. I have to tell how Freemasonry saved my life, and I hasten at once to the denouement. Our lines had been steadily pushed for ward toward the Russian batteries, and we were almost every day expecting a sortie, when one evening as I was looking over the earthen parapet in the direction of the battery, which had been playing upon us all day, I thought I saw a dark and moving mass advancing on our left. I hinted my suspicions to Major L—, and we both watched carefully. Presently we saw the glitter of steel. "That was the sword of an officer," said L—, "The fool has been using the flat of it upon a laggard. I am satisfied now that a large force is advan- cing upon us." A few minutes sufficed to make our few preparations to receive the enemy, and we awaited the attack in sullen silence. The moment the head of the attacking column was plainly visible, we commenced playing upon it with grape and canister. The Russians rushed for- ward with a loud shout, and we replied with a volley of musketry. The enemy was truly in great force, and had soon reached the parapet of our works, when a desperate attack on our part with the bayonet drove them back in great confusion. We rushed out of the trenches, and a hand to hand conflict took place in the darkness, the like of which I had never seen since, and hope I shall never see again. 'The Russians were ably supported with reinforcements from the rear, and we were assisted by a brigade of French infantry. which come up as soon as the firing was heard. We had driven the enemy to the counterscarp of his own works, when he rallied, and made a desperate charge, under which our men reeled and retreated for a moment. In the struggle I received a bayonet wound in the side and fell. A fresh column of Russians had come out to relieve their comrades, and these fellows covered the retreat in most masterly style. I expected every moment to receive the coup de grace, for the retresting Russians cruel bayoneted our wounded us they lay helpless on the ground. A brute of a fellow had, indeed, brought his bayonet to the charge, with the intention of finishing me, when, with a sudden inspiration, I sprang to my feet, seized the hand of an officer who stood near, and gave him the sign. Fortunately, he was a mason. He, of course, instantly returned it, while, with his sabre, he thrust hack the deadly point which was levelled at my breast. My brotherly foe immediately gave an order for my removal, and I was carried into shelter of the battery by the very men who, but for my speedy thought would have given me a happy despatch to the otherworld. My wound was instantly attended to, and the next morning I received a visit from my preserver, who brought with him a surgeon, who soon made me as comfortable as circumstances would admit. The story of my miraculous escape spread through the division, and I received many kind visits from Masons, who proved them- selves to be brothers in word and deed. Many little comforts were contributed by these good follows, with the view of making my captivity as pleasant as possible. I was of course hors de combat for the remainder of this campaign. I was taken into the in- terior as soon as I could be moved, but my story went with me, and I everywhere re- ceived the kindest treatment from the Russian officers. My captivity was not of very long duration, and I need not dwell upon the subsequent events of the war. The death of the Czar hastened the peace, and I was among the first of the prisoners who returned to England. I need scarcely add that I have ever since been a most zealous Mason, and shall cherish the principles of the order so long as I live. When I hear people railing against Masonry, or when captious critics demand to know what good the order has achieved, I usually tell my story, and I am tempted to relate it once again in the hope that the moral of the incident may compel conviction in the minds of those who are too ready to believe that Masonry is really humbug in disguise. 