.V DRESS AND ADORNING. LECTURE BY REV. JAMES JEPFERIS, , :7; !r ' LL.D. Last evening the Pitt-street Congregational Church \vas .crowded to hear the third of Dr. Jcffcris's lectures oh Spinster Life, his subject being " Dress and Adorning." Tho reverend gentleman said he approached his subject with somo degree of diffidence as one not often dealt with, and as considered out side the province of the Christian teacher, but he was strengthened in his task from the fact that in Scripture the prophets, the apostles and Christ himself specially dealt with the matter, and he, therefore, felt'it to be the bounden duty of ovory Christian teacher to follow in their foot steps. In the course of his reading ho had noticed that all the great thinkers, from Plato and Epite- tusto Carlyleand Horace Bushnell, had discussed tho philosophy of dress in its highest bearing upon hnmnn nature. Amongst the fathers. Clement, Tertullian, Cyprian and others had all inveighed against the luxurious dress of the daughters of Rome, and they must not deem him either an ascetic or a severe critic if he con demned and deplored the too great fondness for dress which was unfortunately a characteristic of tho daughters ofj Britain. No one , could pass through the streets in the after noon without noticing this, and it was a notorious fact that at the great Melbourne carnival — the Cup day — though ho had never been there, it was not the racing nor the gambling, but the .ladies' dresssos which attracted moat attention, and the wasteful and wicked extravagance there displayed demanded a just rebuke from tho Christian teachers n« well as from tho political economists. Of these ladies it might be said, " They toil not, neither do they spiu, and yot I say unto you that even Solomon in all his glory was not bo arrayed." Still, he believed the ago- in this respect was not 03 bad as in the times so graphically des cribed by tho prophet Isaiah in the third chap ter, when lie so bittorly mourned tho corruption arising from female extravagance. Still Fashion was an imperious mistress, and, by her vagaries, proved herself an enemy to art, health and comfort, and unless she was checked- we should shortly have to rejoice in the ruigu of ugliness. He desired first to look nt the direct teachings ofiscripturcs on the subject. In graphic- pictu resque language, the preacher painted tho plctnre of the betrothal of Rebecca and Isnac, and rapidly sketched tho history of the progress of the nrt of dressmaking, female adornment and working in spinning and needlework as told iniHoly Writ, dwelling especially upon tho age of Solomon, when the skill of the Tyrean women was called into requisition to furnish and renovate the temple and the'king's house, causing the nebrew poet laureato to sing, " Ail thy garments smell of myrrh, aloes ami cassia." Allusion was|spccialiy mado to the praise and properties of a good wife, as told with such power and beauty m the last chapter Proverbs, mud who, whilst skilled in every ac complishment, and mindful of the dignity of her station, had no idea — like too many of Britain's daughters — that domestic work carried with it any degradation. No wonder that her husband was known nt tho gates and sat among the elders of the land, ami no wonder that he praised her and said, "Many daughters have done virtuously, bat thou excello3t them all!" Ho 'then dwelt upon tho succeeding epoch, as described by Isaiah, " when the dnughtcrs of Zion arc haughty and walked with stretched forth necks and wanton eyes, walking and wincing as they go, and making a tinkling with their feet," when such a fearful doom, soon afterwards to be terribly fulfilled, was pronounced against Israel. The lesson of tho story, one which experience had amply proved, was that wealth, luxury, effeminacy and wanton ness were assuredly followed by war, captivity and disaster. Fashion thus followed made mou cowards through sloth, and women wanton through case. Coming down to the timo of the Christian era, the preacher dwelt upon tho sayings of the Saviour nud his apostles as they bore upon the subjcot of female adornment, alluding especially to the Divine exhortation to take no thought for raiment, as. He who clothed tho grass and painted tho lily would, if they only trusted Him, provide for all a sufficiency of apparel; and also to tho beautiful words oi Peter and Panl, as contained in the letter to Timothy and in St. Pcter'3 first Epistle, wherein, speaking of women, he says, " Whose adorning let it not bo that outward adorning of plaiting the hair and the wearing of gold or of putting on of apparel, but let it be . . . the orna ment of a meek and quiet spirit, which in the sight oi God is of great price." Ho did not wish to interpret these words literally as the Moravians had done, and as the leaders of the Salvation Army had tried to do and failed, but literally believing that what was meant to be set forth was that real adorning which came from character, not from dress; that a incc-k and quiet spirit was better worth than costly raiment or tho wearing-of gold and gems. Every woman ought to be beautiful, and could bo ii she would. Tho body was more than rai ment, and tho soul more than both. Dr. .Telt'oris then quoted Jean Paul Itichter's words, in which ho pictured woman as the pearl in the oyster ; no matter what its outward appearance, it was the pearl within which alone gave it its value. What could they say of the foolish wptnan who depended for her beauty upon mere outward adornment, which, after all, was only the cast-off of tho sheep and tho worm — a lustre obtained from the earth, only a borrowed beauty after all, and she who lusted after such had already lost tho crowning glory of her womanhood ? Costly dresses and flash ing gems were only something ordered and paid for to satisfy an ignoble vanity and enable their wearer to outshine others. The preacher then laid down four rules for the guidance of young women in the matter of dress and adornment, and at somo length dwelt upon each, condemn ing in unmeasured terms the follies and tyrannies of fashiou, and pointing out tho evils which must inevitably follow a slavish obedience to its imperious dictates. He said — 1. Their clothing should bo such as to promote health, drawing attention to the fact that their bodies were the temples for the Holy Ghost to dwell in, and anything which injured them was a sin, and dwelling especially upon the shameful sacrifice to custom in the unnatural compression, in order to attain .to a falso and so-called fashion able shape, by which many lives were lo3t. 2\. They ought to study always Jthe charm of grace and beauty. Nature was always beauti ful, and nrt should strive to follow in her foot steps. "As tho earth brought forth her hnd,so the bride ndornoth herself with her jowels." Ho deprecated extravagant finery — the disharmony of colors— destroying tho typical outline of tho human form, and a senseless adornment. God had mado man upright, but he had sought out,. many inventions, and the old saying was (by tho preacher) gracefully applied to what ho styled the " diabolic inventions of the day which prevented women from walking upright." Instead of being a slave to tho cord- wainer and the dressmaker, in strong language he urged that a Christian woman should be free. 11\. Their dress and adorning should not only bo beautiful, but should bo in harmony with truth. Tho essence of falsehood was deceit, and if they indulged in thb in tho matter of dress, they offended against truth and against the God of truth ; as lluskin said, " Truth forgives no in sult and endures no stain." The doctor alluded to tho falsehood iu fabrics where sham silks with but 10 per cent, of tho real material wero painted off as genuine, the falsehood of sham jewellery ; and 'exhorted all who listened to him to pluck such lies from their bosom,and tramplo them under their feet. A true-hearted girl trained in tho school of Christ dressed to please, not by falsehood to endeavor to outrival and outshine her follows. 4. Let them dress in pro portion to their circumstances. Though lie did not believo iu the distinctions of tho upper and lowor classes, everyone of them occupied a certain defined position in the social Bcale, and should dress accordingly. In scathing terms tho lecturer denounced' tho practice which obtained of women spending money foolishly nud dishonorably ou dress ' out of keeping with their position. In every station of life thrift and economy were neces sary. He did not waat t!T" be a prophet of ovil, but Ho warned them all that the. prosperity of tho colony was not always" going to be at its present height, and that there wore already dark looming.' or" hard tiiac3 on tho verge of the horizon. Then the claims of charity were to bo considered, and as long as there wero those amongst them in cold and hunger aud. nakedness splendor of dress was a crime. Sim plicity and charity went hand in hand, and it was only by thrift they were able to give. Which would they prefer, to spend their all hero wickedly and foolishly in outward adorning and following tho dictates of custom and fashion, or so live as at last to hear the Lord say, ainid the plaudits of hearers : " Foras much as ye have done it to one of tho least of' those my brethren, ye have done it unto rae." 5\. Let them adorn themselves in modest ap parel, remembering they were English maidens, which was something to be proud of, and Chris tian insideus, which was more. Let them refuse to sacrifice their modesty to indecorum. After speaking strongly against what he characterised as indecent and a return to the age of barbarism iu dress Dr. Jefferis concluded au elo-. quent and eminently practical address, which was attentively listened to through out, hv an earnest appeal to all tho young womcu present to keep in safe guard thoir innocenco as the temple of God — to avoid falsehood in dress, which had been the ruin of thousands, and which was to them one of the great perils of tho great cities oi the world ; to wear modest apparel as befitted Christian Englishwomen, aud to follow out tiie injunctions so plainly and lovingly set forth for their gui- dancoby tho apostle Paul: "lam jealous over you with godly jealousy, for I have espoused you to one husband that 1 mav present yon as a "chaste virgiu to Christ. But T fear lest hy any means, as the serpent beguiled live through his subtlety, so your minds should he corrupted from tho simplicity that is in Christ." Tho 100 yards footrace between the well- known pedestrians Farroll and Sutton,l which took nlaco nt Hamilton on Saturday afternoon, was won bv Farrell. The stakes wero £-100, .and. tho.-raco was 'witnessed by fully uOOl) people. . , .- - , .. ; ... ...Iv - I;.,.,;..,..-..;. 