How the Avenel Folk amused themselves. The anniversary of Her Majesty's 66th birthday was a thorough gala day here. By the morning train a team of 15 footballers arrived from Royal Park, Melbourne, to try conclusions with our boys; but before the match a very important ceremony had to be per- forme—that of OPENING THE NEW RIFLE BUTTS. A large number of townsfolk and visitors assembled on the ground, which our well-known townsman, W. B. Gadd, Esq., J.P., has granted free use of to the rifle club, and on which a capital range has been prepared, marker's hut built, and a target erected. The baptism of fire was given by Miss Gadd, who, at the time appointed, calmly pulled the trigger, and the bullet was quickly marked as having hit the bull's-eye, amid great cheering from the assembled crowd. The range having been thus formally opened, several members indulged in a little practice; and it was amusing to note the air of surprise and incredulity on the faces of some really good sportsmen on the tell-tale flag noting a miss. They quickly found that firing with a rifle at a target at 200 yards was totally different from killing a hare or a rabbit with a shot-gun at 50, and they determined by constant hard practice, to qualify themselves for a place in the first rank of marksmen. FOOTBALL. Soon after two o'clock the footballers took their placee on the ground, 17 Avenel men appearing to do battle, with Mr Fosdick captain, against the 15 from Royal Park. The game throughout was very exciting, the visitors being very clever with their little marks, but not proving equal to our boys who, playing well together, and being materially aided by the bril- liant play of Hart, Jordan, and C. Gadd, won by two goals, kicked by Gadd and Hillman, the visitors kicking none. A round of cheers having been given, both teams adjourned to the Imperial hotel, where Host Shelton had a capital dinner awaiting them, which was done full justice to, the visitors expressing themselves as having thoroughly enjoyed the day's outing. CONCERT. To complete the day's fun, a black and whiite concert was given in the local hall, and at half-past seven, when the concert commenced, there was not standing room, the niggers (who first made their bow to the audience), look- ing delighted at the large gathering to be amused with their oddities. The programme opened with the "Prince Imperial" gallop, by the company, assisted by violin and harp, by Mel- bourne artists; after which the chorus "Commence, ye darkies all," followed by "Razors in the air," by Mr R. Bell; "Boys, keep away from the girls," by Mr A. Hill (bones); "Nettie More," by Mr J. Berry; "The clouds have rolled by, Willie," by Mr F. Wallder; "Old Folks at home," by Mr B. Grahame; "Father, the brokers are in," by Mr W. Dudman (tam- bourine); closing with "Peek-a-boo," by Mr P. Gleeson. The stage having been amusingly cleared by a short ghost scene, and a piano (kindly provided by Miss Northcote) wheeled into position, the second portion of the entertainment was commenced by a pianoforte selection beautifully rendered by Miss McDonald, followed by a song, "Nil Desperandum," by Mr J. Russell, "Romany lass," by Miss McDonald, elicited such a burst of approval that the lady kindly gave "Kate O'Shane " as an encore, much to the delight of everyone. Mr E. Gleeson then sang, "In happy moments;" Miss Morris, "My dearest heart," and, in his usual effective and droll Irish style, Mr W. Jessop gave "Casey's Wedding," the whole assembly cheering to the echo, and vociferously demanding an encore. Miss Northcote then gave "Never more," and Miss Morris and Mr A. Hill sang a very pretty duet, "See, the land appears in sight," the concert closing with "Sail- ing," very flowingly rendered by Mr A. Hill, which so pleased the audience that a great number kept time with their feet, which, although very objectionable and in bad taste, is a great compliment to the singer. I would, however, advise our friends to restrain their enthusiasm till the song they approve of is finished, when they can give full vent to their feelings without annoying the singer or others. After a short interval a farce, entitled "Put up your thumb," was given by the Niggers, and Mr F. Wallder kept the house in a perfect roar by his really artistic comic acting. I must also mention that Mr W. Dudman takes a lady's part most effectively, and added to the fun by his side-play. As a suitable close to the entertainment, the company sang a verse of "Auld Lang Syne," and the crowd dispersed, very well pleased with the whole entertainment. THE DANCE. No concert seems to be complete in the country without a dance—I fancy I hear you say that I must be an Irish- man; but so it is, and we are no excep- tion to the rule so, the old people and the children having gone home, the young ones remained to "chase the hours with flying feet," to the strains of a capital band. 