THE DISSOLUTION. A _ . ? If the late Premier had always been as prompt and resolute as in the last great act of his reign he would have escaped much of that peculiar reputation which, we suppose, politically will always attach to him. As at the time of the determination to dissolve the House still at least nominal head of the Gro vernment. the lion, gentleman is entitled to first share in the general Ministerial credit for that very proper proceeding. There was, indeed, nothing else to be done unless the last days of, on the 'whole, one of the best Parliaments on record were to be disgraced by scenes usually associated only with the deathbeds of desperate sinners. It was not the Go vernment' a fault. They were there ready and anxious to work even unto the eleventh. hour, while their opponents showed no sort of stomach for work of any kind (except, of course, their favourite double occupation of worrying Ministers and wasting the pub lic time) ; but the object of the paltry tactics pursued being palpable, it would have been the Grovernment's fault to have permitted their further indulgence. So the curtain was very properly dropped almost on the first scene of the last act, and the long drama of the latest Parliament of New South 'Wales was declared, hi every sense, 'played out' It has not been, on the whole, badly played. ? If there have been some dis creditable scenes, and some wholly shameful ones, there have been many notably good ones. A Parliament that can boast such achievements as the Land Act, the Criminal Law Consolidation Act, the Eire Brigades Act, the second Licensing Act, the Soudan Contingent Act, cum multis aliis, need little fear comparison as to the ' something at tempted, something done' of the poet with any of its predecessors, at any rate in point of quantity ; while as to the leading actors, if they are not exactly to be ranked with the traditional veterans of the political stage, it may be said in the first place that the latter are traditional, and in the second that many of the former will probably soon be equally so. This last is, indeed, the sad (or other wise) feature of dissolutions, as of other solemn separations, that to this present part ing there may succeed no after meeting.. There are many places in the Assembly which will certainly know their late owners no more — a fact, if not in all cases to be regretted, in some to be deplored. Foremost amongst the latter is that of the late Premier, Sir Alexander Stuart, whose face has indeed been too seldom seen there of late and may never beam upon the benches opposite agam. Never to be ranked amongst our great statesmen or orators, no more earnest, industrious, patriotic minister or member ever sat m any Parliament, and the price of his patriotism has been to him self the loss of his health, and to the country that of services which it will be very hard to replace. On the other hand, against this certain loss may be set the absolute gain of Mr. Taylor's promised absence — no adequate compensation, of course, but still something, if not rather a good deal ; and then who shall say upon what proudest heads in the coming melee the great axe may not fall? It is like the opening of some fiery fray when a Burnaby or a Stewart may go down while some poor Bobadil or Parolles with his heart the whole hot time in his mouth pulls through without a scratch — only, in this case for the ' fortune of war ' to trust to there is the ' voice of the people,' the one about as safe as the other. It is impossible, of course, to say how the coming fight may go, or even who will be the com batants, but it may at least be hoped that there will be more Burnabys amongst them than Bobadils, and that in this case the 'fortune of war' maybe reversed. Neither can it be said that beyond the personnel of the new House there is any very important issue to be decided, unless it be the old one of the ' ins ' and the ' outs,' important enough, no doubt, to those immediately con cerned, if to no one else in particular. The Land Act may still plead infancy ; even Sir Henry with all his skill as a 'resurrection- ist ' will hardly be able to raise the Soudan Expedition ghost for the exciting occasion ; whether the Protectionists are yet strong enough to cause any real trouble re mains to be proved, and the only question at all of the nature of a 'burning' one would seem to be Local Option, which, except between the opposing parties, the teetotallers and the publicans, will probably not prove a very severe conflagration, and it is to be hoped will presently burn itself out. In the meantime the popular interest in the coming struggle does not seem par ticularly intense. Possibly the public have had enough of Parliaments, and agree with Sir Henry the other night, failing his ancient Parliamentary authority, that it might be as well for a time to get along without one. 