I.OCVL A\U GEKGRAI,, The Kent I.iar.— The rent list for .list M.irch is now made up, and rents arc being received at tho different laod offices. lltsKRVE n-v Nekanc— Forty acres between portions G'2 and 106 on the Ncraug liver ha\c the nomiuations received for the rjouthport Handicap :— Loadstone, Stockhov, Adam, Mnry Ann, Sir Joshua. Bertha, Casino, Augustus. Aiistocrar, Acrobat, Counterfeit, anil Lionel. Railway Ruildinus.— Forpatekcopct's and portei'a co'tAgcs ou tho Upper Logan and Becnleigh line, Mr. John L. Sands' tender has been accepted for £1890 ISs. For goods sheds on the name line, Messrs. E. mid J. Head Iand'd tender for those at m atcrford Junction. Glcnmnidart, and Logan Village, for i'B.IS. Sum-field HixpiCir at the Tweed.— We wish to call the attention of Logan pedes trians to the handicap at Colllua' Junction Hotel, Tweed liivcr, on Kaster Monday. Nominations close next Saturday, 21st iust. Particulars are in another column. The EurenoR of Giiihaky. — ZadkicI, in his almanac for this year, predicts tbe terminus vita of Frederick William V. ' Tho middle of June, the months of August and bep'einber 1885 seem to be tho most dangerous periods ; probably lid will not survivo the first named.1' It will be remembered that the death of theDulic of Albany was given in last jear's Almanac. Qukexsland NfTS.— We havo been informed that smile prrsous are in the habit of cutting down the Queouslaud nut tree wholesale to get the nuts. This is a most ahomiuahlc shame, and -nch Vandalism ought to be put a stop to by the Commissioner for Crown Lands at unco. We arc sending Queensland nut seeds all over tho wor'd where they will Ihrivu, mill vet iu tbi.ir native homo vrc are to see thorn disgracefully destroyed by ahitc men, who saw. the tree down with a crosscut, bo that the strukos of Iheir uses pnall nut, hi heard. pRdFWSon Kick.— Tins gentleman performs in Beoulcigh this evening, and at 'Vatcrford ou Monday evening. Ilia trip Ht Nernng srcins to hnvc been a highly successful one, and a correspondent dofcriues lfts entertain mcut us really worth seeiug. Mrs. IUcp. and Mr. Sinclair give choice musical selections, of which the public rpe»k in the highest lenns of prnise. Then the ghost, s cone is both wou derful and startling. The ' mind-reading' is clever end instructive, find hi9 jugglery enter taining and scnsntioualiy amusing. Mi6B Cabky Nelson.— This talented young lady, who is now in Brisbane, promises to mako a visit to Becnleigh Icforc sho leave* Queensland. The Melbourne Argus ibna eulogises her :— ' The hearty reception which greeted her appcaranco upon the stage must hnvc convinced her, if she ever doubted it, that tho interval a-hich had taken place Biuco her last appearance on the Melbourne hoards she was not by any means furco*tcn. Miss Carry Nelson left the colony a bright clever girl, full of promise, hut with .unde veloped powers. She returns to it with that promise, moro than fulfilled, mid with h, r splondid gift of voico, personal attractions, and histrionic ability ripened into maturity. Her voice Ims gaiucd in quality and volume, and she sings her music with artistic culture and case which were to have hecu expected from a daughter of Sydney NcUon. Her acting too has improved, and now, without having lost any of the arch piquancy which rendered her such a favourite with the public, Fhc has acquired a reposeful and yet pic turesque style, graceful, natural, and therefore highly effective.11 Ecce lloiill'NCCLrs.— We clip tho following from tho Water* «rtr:-'The Rev. James Uilberleon the Churoh of Eugland clergyman at Bceuleigh has issued the following eitra n-diuary proclamation in the form of an advertisement : — ' Whereas ecclesiastical order in tho town of douthport is frequently dis regarded by tho erratic and meddlesome celebration of tho public w.orship, nud idministrHtion of the sacraments according to the use of the Church of England by un luthorised persons. And whereas it is fitting, that all such irregularity and meddlesomeness in the church affairs of the said town should it onco ci'.oso and determine : L. thurcfurc, bho duly licensed minister of tho district in n-liich Southport m situated, do hereby forbid ill clergy of the said Church of England, nil jeans, arehde.acons. rectors, vicars, incumbents, issistant curates, ior others of what degree soever under tho order of bishop, from celebrating any of tho divine olliccs of the said church, or in aoy way whatever interfer ing with the ecclesiastical affairs of the said town of Suuthport until such timo as I shall ask their assistance, or other proper arraugc meats be made.'1' Holloway's Oi.ntmekt and Puts — Female Complainls.— On the mothers of Engrland devolves much and serious responsi bility in securing for their daughters. robust health j frequently alas ! thoughtlessly sacri ficed by culpjblc bashfuluuw at a particular period of life, when all important changes take place in the female -constitution, upon the management of which dupcuds future happiness or misery. Holloway's l'illa, especially if aided with tho Omtmont, have the happiest effect iu cstabliihing those functions, upon Ihe duo pet/ormancc of which health and even life itself depend. Mother aDd daughter may safely use these powerful deobstrueut rcim-dics without consulting jiuy one. Universally adopted as the ono graud remedy for female complaints tlicac Pills never Ml, never weaken the system, and always bring about the desired remit. 