ECHOES OF MELBOURNE TBt Inn Ghost. I Even at this early period of the session it is easy to see that the Ministry are not to enjoy a 'promenade' in the interval between this and tho prorogation at Christ inas. The Government has entered upon its third year of office, an epoch which has proved fatal to so many of its prede cessors. Thn Onnosition side of the Assembly, which on the first day of moot ing presented 'a beggarly array of empty benches,' is daily gaining recrnits from the rathor numerous ranks of tho Adulla mites, and a few more additions to their Btrength, of gentlemen of the stamp and standing of Mr. Harper, will render it -{uite (i respectable- looking', phalanic. Already has notice been given of a motion which is in point of fact a direct vote of want of confidence, Mr. A. T. Clark, the member for Williamstown, having an nounced his intention of moving that ' it fs improper for the Government to delegate its powers to a Board.' This action has b'een taken in consequence of the an nounced intention of the Ministry to shirk t'he unpleasant duty of dealing with Mr. Richardson, and remitting the question of the fitness or otherwise of the 'honour- able' gentleman to continue to adorn tho rolV of Victorian magistrates, and grace the Assembly with his presence. In . regard to ?She truth of the proposition enunciated by Hr!rA. -T.Clark, there can ' be no second opinion, arid had the motion been tabled 'by one of the recognised ' leaders of the Opposition the Assembly would in- all pro bability have acquiesced -in its : principle .-' 33iit ? Mr. Clark has : too little weight to cause the' Government any serious : anxiety ',' and, of course, although thei attack' iwill!bb duly made, it will only be a sort of political . reconndissdncc:en~forcc.i . \ '-!? f. ' ' -1A h:3 ?-* c 'A -far more serious r danger; aheadj o? ; the Government iB rthe Licensing . , Bill, ; circu lated : on Tuesday. ..It pleases neither of the two sectidns of the community tho Ministry has endeavoured to placate; , So far from killing the two birds with one stone, it has offended both the publicans and the teetotalers. One side say it goes too far, the. pother that -it-.-, is not sufficiently *? thorough,' and although between these two., stools it is not likely to come to the ground, it; will, before it emerges from the hands of the Committee, bo, .so altered. ,in many of its provisions — notably, in. those, lelating to the compensation of;'; such licensed victuallers as may be 'improved. Qut of existence'— that not even its foster parent, Mr. Berry, will be able to recognise hi3 legislative bantling. ; ; .:;-;?: -No one grudges the' families of the late Messrs. Grant and M'Cpll the, dB5000, arid «jB2000* which a 'generous ' Legislature voted them the other day out of the public funds. .The labours of the', first :in; regard to the land, and the,.second; hi jrega'rd.to the water are matters, of history; ..; But it is /hardly a satisfactory reflection . , to,- tho taxpayers of. the colony that there are eighty-six claims daily accruing, rand ; that whenever any member leaves this world for another, the announcement will, be taken as:ineaning that: another 42000, has to bo disbursed. . There are some people who ac- . tually think that if the whole . of /tho pre? ^entmembers .would shuffle. off this .mortal coil the sum mentioned would be cheerfully forthcoming. .' '? ' 7 J. A I 0 I T 1 0 Two 'inorb; libel actions are pending against the Daily Telegraph.': The; clerical 'editor is' evidently a member of- the ciiiirch .militant. ; He is for ever inviting some one 'to tread ^n tho tail of his coat, ^rid' up'to the present the invitation has been pretty freely responded. tb.'i'*;Nor'!'d6(itiie';law courts '?'appear much1 to ?' sympathise'' with the goody-goody literary;jdrpran. ' -The 'ap- : plication for. a new trial in thercase?bf 'Mr. : Walker,, one of the -libelled' ?New-' Guinea1 explorers, was refused with costsijthe Judge j expressing, moreover, the opinion that. ''the i 'grounds upon which' the application was j ''based : were slightly ' a t ' variance'with- fixe j ?truth, and therefore ; mulcting' the;iappli- j ccant in coBts. '?'?'..'?'..?.'?' '-;? '?';';:'i ,'?'??' '?i.,'-:U--'::i-;1 j ??', ' Another miningj bubble' haa;'.burs4j' l!tiie| :';New '.' Guinea ' speoimens',' upon.' ' thei ,'strehgth of which1' an' exploring company j 'was formed, 'having been ^discovered ' to ' be | ^froni Tasmania. ' In' j 'the 'palmy-days 'of j ''mining it' used to, !be' said- by the kriowirigj 'ones on- the ';' Corner,' ,'a't Bullar'abj ' that j ^when 'specimens' froiri J a claim wereshbwn j .'it 'was time, to sell out.' The wisdbhrof j 'this saying has once more'been; illustrated.' \Mr.Kerry, who .was' to' have led:the gold-: 'seekers, still .vouches for ;the truth of his; original statement. 'Unfortunately nobodyj 'believes his story. ? The fortunate 'share-' ??'holders in. the New Guinea Gold Prospect-: ? ing Company have decided on| winding up- the Company, leaving' Mr. Kerry to '?wort his own' rich mine himself , if : the police -will allow him liberty to do so. ' ' ! -'?^ There evidently are barmaids and bar inaids. Mr .JHayter' says, the colony only -contains 343 of these Hebes ; 'Colonel Smith says there are 5000, and he .ought to 'know from actual', evperiehce a great deal ;better than -the ; Victorian Registrar -Gerieral. ' At present controversy rages 'Hotly on the question; Yet the wholo ,matter is a simple one and hedges on the -replyto be' given to the query, what is a 'barmaid ? Perhaps some one ' up ' in the Blatter, will answer the riddle and set our -legislators right. At present there are as 'many'.' diverse opinions in regard to the 'barmaid as there are about the mermaid. 1 '...Thirty shillings for tho privilege of ap pending the magic letters J.P. to one's 'signature, and enjoying the rights of ad ministering justice and maintaining truth, does not ? appear a very extravagant -amount. Yet two gentlemen, who had .'trayelled as far as the Supremo Court in r.order to take the oaths of office, when _,askedi to . disburse the fee, actually refused 'to ibe sworn if compelled to pay. Certainly, ^considering the class of- persona who have1 ^be^i\:;at, times ^honoured with the.' Com-: mission, 'thirty bob' is just about the sum the honour is worth. . . . , . In connection with this matter it maybe mentioned that justico — or at all events ' Justices' justice' — was very nearly being brought to a standstill during last week, in consequence of the bungling of the Law Office. Tho newly appointed justices did not know whether they had a socond time to undergo the swearing-in ordeal, and in their state of ignorance refused to act. However, things have now been set right by a little bill introduced by the Attorney General, who passed it through all its stages in one night, in the absence of Mr. Deakin, the Solicitor- General. There must bo a screw loose somewhere when one law officer has to bring in a measure to rectify tho blunders committod in his colleague's office. So long, howover, as a layman continues as permanent- head of tho Law Department those mistakes , are certain to happen; - . , '. The 'jewelers gold' case is to bo fur ther ventilated in, tho law courts, the lady to whom the 'brass' ' neeklet was sold by Mr. Gardiner, M.P., having carried the case on appeal before the Supreme Court judges on the ground that tho verdict was ' against evidence.' It may with truth bo added that it was also against all reason and common sense. Why should tho milk man be mulcted in heavy penalties for eking out his supply of tho lactoal fluid by means of the 'cow with the iron tail,' or the publican ;be prosecuted for watering his grog? Let there be equal justice for all, ] and let the dishonest jeweler, who passes as gold; an article containing; 75 per cent.; of base metal meet the same J fate as the' roguish mUkaan- or publican. Tlie case 'is /one in', which jthe same ^ sauce1 should^bo ; served':' to','. both .'goose -J. and' gander;''' 'C;-'l'i0',vf' ';-;;'-^-'-;:-;-'j ;:-- yi-.i.^ui July 16. ^;i::i-ra;:u'':1:':;;;'.;1 ??.!''''' 