SPORTING NOTES. The nominations for the Robe races will be found in another column. About 500 pers&nB; assembled on the Friendly Societies grounds, Melbourne, on Saturday afternoon last to witness the first event of a pedestrian match. which had been made between O'Brien and Livingstone. The match was to be decid ed by three races, the. distance being three, fiva and seven miles, and the stakes were 100 8QV8. each. Livingstone has not been long in the colony, bnt brought with him' a good reputation as a long distance run ner. The previous performances of O'Brien, made him a favorite for the event of Saturday afternoon. A good start was effected shortly before half-past 4 o'clock. Livingstone going off with the lead. O'Brien, however, kept close to him, and when they had gone once round, passed him. Livingstone, who did not seem to be in good condition, managed to keep within a few yards of his opponent until the 10th round had been accomplished, but then gradually fell behind, and O'Brien went in the easiest of winners, 150 yards ahead. The time occupied was 15 minutes, and would no doubt have been shorter it Livingstone could have forced O'Brien to run at his best pace. The trainer of Hermit for his Derby success, George Bloss, died at Newmarket a few weeks ago. The news recalls the events of that most sensational race, con cerning which the following story is told: —Captain Machell, as the world is aware, waB managing Mr. Chaplin's horses, and though there had been no actual mis understanding between Lord Hasting and Captain Machell, the circumstances of the case made it hatnral that there should have been no intercourse between them. Lord Hastings stood to win a large fortune on his own animal, and did not for a moment apprehend the faintest dansrer from Hermit, who was general!/ believed to be unfit, given to breaking blood vessels, and altogether without a ghost of a chance. Before the race, however, Captain Machell met Lord Hastings, and told him that the public impression about Hermit was en tirely wrong, thau the horse was not only well, but, in spite of the price, exceed ingly likely to win, and begged him to save some of the money on Mr. Chaplin's celt, pointing out that a very small outlay would, iu the event of success, bring in a large stake, for Hermit started at 66 to L Lord Hastings refused, vowiug that noth could make him believe that Hermit was worth consideration. Hew Hermit won, and the bearer of the crimsou and white hoops was defeated, turf history relates. Lord Hastings was practically ruined ; but nevertheless, he was among the first to congratulate Captain Machell, and to thank him for the advice he had prof fered. Saturday last at Moonee Valley turned out a most enjoyable day, both as regards the weather and the character of the sport. No less than seventeen horses started for rhe Maiden Plate, which was won by Vascosa, with Medea second and Trishna third. Muscat and Wil iam Tell were the selected ones for the Harvest Handi cap, and they finished first and second, Berkeley getting third. Goodwood ap propriated the Steeplechase after a fine finish with Starfish, and t he Selling Baca was won by the favorite, Meander. The meeting concluded with the Haymakers' Handicap, which was carried off by William Tell, Muscat and Fernlea gaining the situations. 