AMERICAN BREVITIES, (Detroit Free Pr&ta.J; Oculists predict that we shall become a spectacled nation in fifty years more. Pashionable laft''** in Paris wear short silk socks instead of stockings. The Phrveians. a neonle of Asia Minor. were the first to coin gold and silver. Enterprise and energy slowly ascend the stairs of success while luck goes up in the elevator. LiBian Spencer, the actress, has written a novel called 'After AIL' Insatiate female ! Wouldn't three or four suffice ? The r^'n**** have a proverb that every man who rules ^himself is a long. Any man can be a, king -^if his wife will let him. ' The idea of making a great lake of Sahara seems to nave been abandoned, and yon can now purchase sandbanks at the old figure. New- Hampshire farmers stick to the tallow candle. ' It never explodes and there are no chimneys to break. A lady in tttchmW, Va., has a twenty months old boy who cannot speak a word, bait whistles ted sings all airs he tears. According to the traditions ©i the Jewish mbbifl there was 'bo physical jHw*w among men before the flood. The choice xif a 'wife or husband is the most 'serious thing that a *™»i or woman t'^» to decide upon. ' There is nothing so contemptible as that .feeling which animates the poor creatures who -tragffle to seep up appearances. Nine-tenths of the lawyers, ttree-fourthB of tiie physicians, five-sucths of the poets and two-thirds of the literary men use tobacco in ' The Mexicans tare making -a match six iimtipfl long anH tipped at iioth ^nAa The average Mexican is too lazy to burn op a whole match »t once. ' There are twenty-two different causes for hv^.rU*. and yon see feow foolish it is to take bcsady'Uid' Boda wfaen it has twenty- one chances of nussing. In Chins they pile weights on ^ murderer and slowly crush him to death. It may do you good to know that it takes over 2,000 pounds to crash the spirit of a strong man. If tbe detectives would invite newspaper men to take hold of cases with them there would be fewer slurs oa the detective system. fiaiiffTT^'T1*- has succeeded in raising a water melon weighing 17£pounds, but it was only fit for exhibition. The taste was less satis factory than a raw squash. A woman at Piqua, O., omu a parrot which uses cuss words. She had her choice between leaving the church or getting rid of the bird, and she kept old Polly. Charles Swift, of Dotraque, attempted to burglarise his own house to secure $500 his wife bad laid away, and she put two bullets into him with neatness and despatch. The older the burlesque actress grows the higher she kicks, says the Christian at W&rl.; Good eracious '. How did a religious editor ever learn this fact ? The first midnight yell from Oscar Wilde's boy baby did more to wafcf a man of the father than all bis travel and culture. In France all the cows are milked on the left-hand side, and the off-horse is always called the nigh one. It is doubtful if such a country can prosper. Two hundred people turned out at Green Bay to search the woods for a lost boy, and at midnight be crawled oat from under a bed and wasted something to eat. It is evident that the man who can wollop Sullivan with his fists has no desire to come forward and do it Tbe public will have to sralt Aodilet wnisfcv floor bint. , iflrwmtiiftuhfcvc jot bo tkat they can calcu late JMtswworuch -raetaoric dust falfc*o-tne earth every year, but not oue of them can predict a frost or a hot wave worth a cent. The citizens of Parsons, Ks., seldom question a stranger unless be is seen with a saddle and bridle on his arm. Then they simply ask him whether he prefers to be bung or shot. An Indiana farmer who wanted his neigh bours to remember him after he was dead, grew six acres of Canadian thistles and bent them flying through four counties. He if re membered. .Stanley says that when you cant whip nor buy an African king yon can scare him out of his boots with a ghost story. It's a good deal cheaper than, the other ways, and tbe effect lasts Longer. ' For fifty cents cash I guarantee to make you dream that your lover has proposed marriage,' is the sign which has brought a Chicago woman in a heap of money in the last two years. A chief of the Cheyenne tribe of Indians declares that the agent of his reservation is an honest man. The declaration ought to be preserved in letters of brass. If s the first of the kind ever known. Philadelphia averages one divorce to every thirty -four marriages, which is not so very bad. The man who doesn't get bitten but once out of every thirty-four times on a Philadelphia girl may be considered lucky. Seven hundred and fifty dollar fans are very common in New York, but sensible girls don't look Cor such presents. They take a fifty cent Can and $749 50 ill ice cream and soda water. A person struck by lightning has no knowledge of the fact and feels no pain. Where die shock is not fatal they recover conscionsneBs, believing they have been abed and asleep. There are 1232 men in this country with artificial noses, and over 2000 with artificial ears, while it is calculated tih**'- only one num in every ninety- seven is perfectly sound in mind and body. It is said by a New York society woman that New York contains more pretty women, and at the same time more homely ones, than any city in the world. We never heard any body dispute her F**t assertion. The Japanese scarcely knot? what profanity mMnn J-*-^ JlWtaflfiftB of 'Tip TTltll HTMling 4W other a liar are so rare as to be scarcely re A good-looking Alahajna girl had a mania for photographs of *tierse!f, and she couldn't get over that disease until ehe had ran her father in debt $300 and been Jed on bread and water for a week.' * A bnsband in Vermont was in tlie habit ot pnttvig a porons plaster over his wife's niontli to stop her gab, -tat the court called ft a case of assault and he must now either blister her tongue or submit to her 'talk. A Mi«ii.«i|i|»i negro's wife had such confi dence in htm that she held up an apple for him to snoot at with a shot-groi. The coroner didn't gire her memory the credit dne a good actjon, and the shooter is in gaoL the river to commit suicide was bitten by a rattlesnake; and the way be got a doctor around and beseeched him to save bis life made the whole neighbourhood hum. A New Haven «ea c»ptaint wno has spent forty'tiiree years of his life at sea, can't go to sleep nnlen Us wife daises -water against his bedroom window. Sht is mtind otrtof spUsVi ing around that she will apply for o.' divorce. The moit -fashionable of pit dogsinFaris just now- is £be great, smooth-coated ]-anish Eiound, a huge beautiful animal, that in seem ingly as good-natured as it is large and hand some. Indie town of San Angdo, Mexico, a mother 72 yean old has jtut given birth to a child. The father of Ink wonder U 8i, his oldest brother u 56, and two of bis grandparents are living. A scientist' named Olszewstd has succeeded in. obtaining a temperature 393 deg. below ?era. He probably experienced thiB depth of frigidneSB in' tile city by speaking 'to a ywmg lady witb whom he flirted at the sea aide. ) The Florida man who poisoned several of bis water melons in hones to lay oat halfa dozen thiefes feels real sorry that bis wife and three children became the victims of death. It never occurred to him to warn them. A girl in Northern twJinwn was oat berrying when a rattlesnake struck at her and caught bis fangs in her dress. Her lover who had : always wanted to die, made a skip for home, and she dragged the reptile naif a mile before a traveller came to her relief. The girls of BJjode Island are square. One of them who flipped a melon-seed into a man's eye and destroyed tbe sight couldn't pat up ' any money damages, and therefore offered to elope with him. He accented tbe offer in the spirit tendered, and they skipped. Two old people — both were over 60 — making a bridal tour into Cincinnati, acted so silly that the conductor threatened to put 'em otf the train, and a Cincinnati judge gave 'em u verdict of $300 as damages, lie argued that a person who didn't act silly when in love was not really in love. According to Charles Dudley Warner, the most beautiful ladies at Greeubrier Springs some from tbe West. Of course, Chicago, St. Louis and Detroit will each take off its hat and say, ' Them's us you bet !' The prospectus has been issned of the * ' Picturesque Atlas of Australia,' which promises to be a work of mnch usefulness and merit. Besides a large number oi carefully prepared maps and iUustratious it will con tain a panorama of Australian History, aud information respecting the physical aspects and commercial and industrial procress of the Colonies. It will be published by acompany, apparently formed for tbe1 purpose, and taring offices in Sydney aad'MabbaTne. 