The Irvington Veteran. Undo Abner's 'Experience with a Ghost. Gnosrs furnished the cheerful subject of con versation at the Irrington Tavern on Wednes day night, and a thrilling ghost story was well under way when the veteran came in and took his seat. He ltstoned patently until the speakerwas through, and then said quietly— 41 hain't got no symperty with ghosts. I think thet a man as is fortinate 'nuJff to git away, frnm this airth and its trubblos is a blamed galoot ef be comes back here and haunts enny cold graveyard of ole shanty in the country. He orter count hisself lucky to git away, and not come bock hero and haunt bis ole friends.* 4 Hid ye ev*r see a ghost, Ab?T askel the shoemaker, who was eating an apple, aud had his mouth full when he asked him the ques i tion. 4 Yes, I hev seed a ghost—a dozen uv them, for thet matter—but I want to tell you right now, Waxy, thet I wish't you wouldn't call mo Ab. X hate nicknames wu-s than pizen: my name's Abner, and there dou't nobody know it better than yon do. Waxy. I don't mind Hoc calling me Uncle, and I n«ver kick when Nosey Jack calls mo old Old Tank, of he only confines the use uv the name to axin* me up to the bar, but on general prmcorpnls 1 hr.to niiknamos, aud of you can't call mo Abxter, cull me Mister Hnmmel.* 'Whore did y< u over see a ghost, Pop queried the doctor, just to sso if Abnc: would tiiko exceptions to the nickname as ho had to 'Ab.' Tho veteran took not the sb'gl test n itico of the n unc, but remained apparently buried in thought for ab>ut a minute; then settling back in his clmir, he said - * The last ghost I bed eimythin' to do with wuz Hun Elliott's. A good menry uv you re member Him and his darter M.nty, «/ lived down on tho Hammock road in tlie shingled house jist boynnt the brook. Well, some uv you'll rockcrleok thet Miniy hod u will uv her owu and a beau. His uaou> wuz Will l\Nt toiuror, and he wu/. boss in t» dead hoc* fao:ory OQ Groat Maud ©t thet time. He uster drive over ter see Bull's darter twict a week ontil the ole man soured on him. fur suthin', and sed his darter wasn't never goin' to marry a hosa undertaker no how, and ef Pcttinger didn't make hisself scarce mighty quick, he'd hlow the hull top uv his head off en him. ' Well, he je3t stood and grinned et the ole man et fust, hut then he got solium over it and sed, " See hero, Mieter Bunnell .Elliott, ef your darter Mioty eez fche'll hevme, I'll take her now right afore yer eyes, gun or no gun, and don't yer forget it." Minty, she was a-listen in1, and she jiat stepped oaten the kitchjng door, and put her hand in "Will's, sayin*, " Whar you go, thar will I go," and so forth. The ole man lookt kinder 'stoniahed fur a minnut, and then he hroke fur'the closet, where he kep' his gun. Whilst he wuz a gettiin' ' the shootiu' iron and loadin' it, Will and the gal slit out-doors and got into his buggy, and in less than five minnhs they wnz in front" uv my house a-hollerm' fur me to go and see Bun and try to pacerfy him. * Now you all know me,' said the veteran, glancing around to see that none of his audience had gone to sleep. ' Well, you know how far I'll go for to relieve distress ef thar's a nice young gal in the case; so you kin 'low thet I warn't long a get*in' down to Bun's house. When I got down I found the ole man a settin' on a big stone et the corner uv his lane a ravin' and eosrin' like a madman, and aholdin'his ankle in both, hands. 'What's ther matter, Mister Elliott? sez I, and he never anser'd, but jisfc reached atUr his gun ez wuz a-leanin agen the fence.. I wnz kinder fccart fjr fear he wuz . goin' to pop me jut onct for fun; and I sed, 4_ Let me 'rist you inter the house.' 4 Go" to blazes,' he said, and with that he jumpt up and.hobbled down the lane to the ride gate. 1 turned to go hack homo, but ;I heda't-. got ten foot when I heerd both barrels ov his gun'go* off, almost both to onct, and looking* hack under the trees I seed Him hangin', onter. the gate like a big r8g. I run down the lane t'ords him and wnz jist goin' to put my hand on his shoulder, when ther heat lightnin' flashed and I seed thet Bun wuz a dead man. . He bed up the gun inter his mouth and blowed off the hull topovhis head.' I was that scart I couldn't move fur a couple of minnits, but I got my wits agen and run far the village to tell the coroner. 4 Now do you know,' said Abner solemnly, 4 thet I never hev ben able to git the sight uv thet man out uv my head. I never hev .ben past his house at night without findin* him a hangin* over that gate. Mabbe you think it scart me to sec hun thar, but it didn't. I never went out uv iny way on 'count uv it, and ef the night were very d-irk I'd go clost along the fence on that side piirpus fur to see it. I did that for about three years, cause it had a kind uv 'tractien fur me thet I couldn't count fur or get oyer ontil one night I guess Bun must hev got tired uv serin* me pass without gpeakm' to him, and made up his mind fur to see me closter tohand. ' I wuz a-comin' down on his side ut the road a«whistliii'. "J-'tmny Elsler," .-when I stopped short, thinkin'. I seed suthin' moria* ahead uv me. It wuz 'bout half-past 9, and darker 'n pitch, aod I wuz 'bout fifteen foot frum tho lane. I crep* up softly, and thar sittin' on the same stone ez before was a man a-holdin* his ankle in both hands, but he wuzn't groanin' or- cuasin'. I got dizzy like, aod reach't out fur the' fence to hold myself up, and I reckon this 'larmed the ghost, fur he reached ont fur suthin* back uv h?™, and limped down the lane to'rds the gate. ' It was so dark that I couldn't see him arier he passed the button-ball tree in the lane,'so I binder recovered and stepped np to the corner and tried to peek'through the darkness. I 'spected every minute to hear bang-bang from the ghost's shotgun. I reckon it wouldn't s'prise me a bit if I'd a heeredit. ' I moved along up the road kinder sony it wuzh't a little lighter so that I could see if Bun was a-hangin' over the gate in the lane, and when I come to the front gate uv the house I stopped and stooped down to see if I couldn't g-it the other gate between me and the sky. Whilst I was down suthin' come over me like a cold chill, and I .turned my head .to see what wuz the matter. * There, 6tandiu' over me, wuz a man 'bout Bun's size, with a gun in his hand, but I couldn't see his face, and ez I tried to raise up and git a look at bis count'nancehe fetched me a belt over the head with the stcek uv the gun. It didn't seem to hurt me a bit, but I must her fainted dead away, fur I didn't know nothing' more ontil sun-up next day, when I found myself a-lavin' in Elliott's hitching with a big lump on my head. I got up and shook myself and started furl um. On the way I thought I'd like to hev a chew uv tfrbacker, and felt for my plur. It were gone, and I reckoned Bun's ghost hed tuk it. I didn't grudge him it, knowin' how long he'd been without a chew. ' That wuz the last time I sred a ghost ez I could be sure wuz genuine,' said the veteran. 'It was the last time I seen Bun's ghost, exnyhow, 'caii?e arter that I alius tuckanuther read when I had to sro down t j Meeker's at 'Then you arc net afraid of spirits?'re nurkod the doctor, addressing tho veteran, whose face expanded into a broad smile. * Xot cf thev'm the right kind, with a leet'e sugar and hot water iu 'em. Ef you think I'm 'fraid uv 'em, jist ho a medium and call *em up now.' Tho doctor cheerfully complied by request ing the barkeeper to make a * hot apple,' for tho veteran, and while it was being concocted severs! of the younger uvmbers of tho circle dis»pp:ared through the dining-room door. When Abaer was ready to start" for home, a quarter of an hour Inter, ho was fortified with o loss than four 'hot apples,' one of which he silled up ' for himself, while the other nuni f; stations were produced by two young men who seemed to hare au ohject iu delaying his departure as long as possible. When ho finally tore lum-eU away and started down tho nvid several of the company might have Veen ob served cautiously following him, and wheu he turned into the" road leading to his home they were olose behind him, treading carefully and . watching for developments. • Suddenly a white figure started up from the pUnk-waik directly in front of tho veteran, and soar *d up a foot from the ground. spreading out its arms and waving them to and fro. 4 Hello,' ejaculated TJie old man, with the greatest eompofuro. 1 what air you doiti* out with them thin clothes on this cold ii'ghfc r Ain't you 'fraid you'll git the newmouy^r r' The ghost groaned an unintelligible answer, which seemed to inspire pity in Aimer's breast, and reachifg out he said—4 Come here, you pore onfortunit croeter. I'll jest take you down to the house and give you some decent clothes.' Just as his hand touched the white figure it gave a screech and sunk into the' path from whence-it came. Tliis should have discon- ; ; certed almost any mortal, but it did not appear to have that effect on Abner, who knelt down on the sidewalk and palled a long white, sheet from the cavity where a board had been re moved. i If. X can't git yon, I kin git yer clothes,' he said, as he pulled out his knife and cut the line, which was attached to several places on . tho she^t, and before rising to his fe jt the old man made it into a bundle and pushed it under his coat. Then rising to his feet he staggered . away down the road, heedless of tho pleading voices in the tree over Ids head and ia the field at his side. * I reckon they won't play any moro larks on the old man, onlest they are a lee tie more care ful how they give themselves awny aforehand and don't whisper so loud when they're pnttin' up the joty' said Abner to the doctor on Thurs day morning. 