Country News. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.] THURSDAY ISLAND, July 30. WE are in the middle of the south-east trades, and when these are on a large number of vessels pass in through Torres Straits (outer route), bound to the Eastern ports. Almost every year one or more wrecks occur. Last year we had two — the Edith Carmichael and the George Gordon — both on the Eastern Fields Reefs, and now a large American ship, the John de Cota, loaded with 150 horses, from Melbourne to Calcutta, went ashore on South Torres Reef. about seven miles from Thursday Island. The ship, horses, fodder, tanks, &c;, were sold by auction on the 18th instant, and purchased by Mr. James Clark, on behalf of a company, for £255. Immediate steps were taken to save the horses — a most valuable lot, costing in Melbourne £8000. This hasproved a most hazardous undertaking, owing to the heavy sea and the close proximity of the reef, but up to date 90 horses have been landed, and Mr. Clark, who has the contract to land the horses, expects to land 110 out of the 150. Some had to be shot, and after the ship went ashore a number of the horses died in the lower hold on account of the water in the ship. The horses are a grand lot, and consist of racehorses, hurdle racers, some thoroughbret stallions, carriage horses, ponies, and the celebrated jumper Mortimer, noted for making the highest jump on record a month or so ago in Melbourne, where he jumped 6ft. 2in. The horses are landed in boats of six or seven tons, and the way they kick can be better imagined than described. Already offers have been made to the fortunate salvors for the horses, and it is probable the number saved will go to India. Captain Grainger, from Townsville, in the Victory, s., surveyed the ship, and his opinion is that she can be got off easily with proper appliances. The crew went south last Saturday in the Tannadice, except the captain, who leaves here on Saturday per Alexandra. No inquiry was held as to the cause of the wreck. Captain Oakes threw himself on the protection of the American consul in Brisbane. The Government Resident is still away at Murray Island, and Mr. Syraes is in charge of the settlement during his absence. Much of the disaffection so rampant some time ago has subsided since Mr. Douglas's ap- pointment ; but a gaol is urgently wanted, and the Government would do well to give the matter early consideration. The place is going ahead rapidly. Numbers of people arrive and settle down. Land is fast increasing in value, and as the area is limited high prices will be the rule when the impor tance of the place is more generally known. Fresh meat can now be had, and this luxury makes living in the Straits much more en durable, and it only wants combined action on the part of the residents to make Thursday Island one of the pleasantest places in Queens land. The want of a School of Arts cramps our social tendencies somewhat. The Govern ment promised a deputation £'400 for a School of Arts if the residents subscribed £100. This was done in a few hours, but the Government jibbed and would not keep their promise, much to the disgust of the subscribers. A meeting of our Sporting Club was held last Saturday night, when Mr. J. F. Dewar was the recipient of two prize bats won at Norroaaton last May. They were presented for best score by Mrs. For*yth, of Normanton, and Mrs. Boore, of Thursday Island. Our Sporting Club is quite an institution, and its members an always wishing to pit themselves against aH-comers at any game or guinea. Strong south-east winds are the rule, and •hellers generally are despondent. At this time of year it is a hard matter to feel cheer ful when in company with a pearl-sheller. The weather is so much against his getting •hell that he takes the gloomiest view of things and assures you ho is bound direct to the insolvency court, which haven somehow be never reaches*, for just as he is due there a streak of fine weather comes round and he weathers the court, Steamers and ships pass two and three a day, and when the telegraph line is completed thin port will boom again. We have the finest harbour in Queensland without a penny spent on it, quite «af* in all weathers, and in the direct track of the bulk of the trade from Aus tralia to Indian and other Eastern ports it ounot fail to become important. NORMANTON, July 28. A MKETINO will be held to-morrow night for the purpose of discussing the action of the Carpentaria Divisional Board in inducing the Government to refuse compensation to any one building on Crown lands in the town, when such lands might be put up to auction. No doubt the several members of the board were actuated by the best intentions when they sought and obtained the sanction of the Go vernment to their proposition, which was ap parently for the purpose of preventing the erection of that kind of bush structure usually put upon Crown lands from spoiling the ap pearance of the town ; but it has had another (and unexpected) effect. Land-owners on the strength of this objectionable de cision, are asking unreasonable prices for town lots. A roan wishing to start business here a week or so back tried to obtain a nit* whereon to erect premised, and the best offer he could get was the lease of a small frontage for five years for £4 per week, and the buildings which he might erect to be the property of the landowner at the end of the term. Such high figures might fairly obtain bore ten years hence, but at the present time the growth of the town is simply stopped by them. Of course, persons are afraid to lay out their money in building Shops or dwellings on Crown lands, for the land might be cut up and sold at any time, and so bring ruin on the builders. There is a healthy demand for building sites in Norman ton just now, and a sale of Government lots would be the very thing to push the town •long at this present time, and enable bond fid* settlers to purchase land at a fair value. In pastoral matters the news from the dis trict is discouraging, to say the least; three severe dry seasons in succession have of course caused tbe suspension of all but the most necessary work on stations, and never before, it is said, have so many men been moving about tbe district searching in vain for work. Of a truth the squatter's life is not a rosy one by any means, and at tbe present time when what grass there is is being devoured by bush fires, caused through the criminal carelessness of thoughtless travellers, run holders must be large in heart and strong in faith in a coining good time to induce tkem to hold on, Of coarse a number of stations are in good case for grass and water, but many more are in a sorry plignt for both, and no probability of rain for the next four months. Bad seasons to the contrary, however, the Customs returns for the port of Normanton, for the year ending 30th June, 1885, show a marked increase over tbe returns of last year, and the following figures may not be uninteresting, as showing the growth of the trade of this port:—For the month ending 30th June last, the Customs revenue was £2920, being an increase on the corresponding month of the previous year of £1111; for quarter ending 30th June, £9160, being an increase of £3040 on the corresponding quarter of 18S4; the half-year shown an increase of £3511 ; for the year 1885, £25,885 is set down, as against £17,209 for 1884, showing an increase of £3580. News was received in town last week of a murder having been committed at Camooweal, a rising township near the border of South Australia. The particulars to hand are very meagre. It appears that a man named Weir, while asleep, was shot through tbe heart by a man named Sullivan, death being instan- taneous. So far as can be gathered there appears to have been no previous quarrel be tween the two men, and the horrible deed was done in the most cold-blooded manner. There are a number of desperate ruffians about the border country, and a strong police patrol is much needed. Some time back the people at Lake Francis asked for police protection just after a shooting affray, but no notice was taken of the request; but now that a shocking murder has actually been committed, and the colony lost a hard-working man in tbe death of poor Weir, perhaps the department will send the customary new chum policeman to Camoo- weal to be broken in, and to afford a little pro- tection at any rate to the peaceable inhabitants of that part of the country, who at the present time have no police nearer than Burketown. Weir was working as a carpenter in Normanton some few months back. lie was an American —a coloured man. Sullivan, it is said, is an ex-convict. Business men are complaining of dull times, and not without reason, for business in most lines is extremely dull. The severe season inland is making itself felt here, and station holders and others are limiting their purchases to actual requirements for carrying on on the most ecdnoinical scale. As the wet season approaches business will probably take a spurt Carriage to Cloncurry is low—£l6 per ton—and hard to get at that, and several carriers have turned their teams out to grass rather than take loading at such a poor rate. ROCKHAMPTON, August 11. Thk Wharf Labourers' Union dispute hai been partially settled, but not at all to the satisfaction of members. They were under the impression, after an interview with the manager of Messrs. Walter Reid and Co., that they were to replace the non-Union men, and were to resume work under the old arrange ment. In that they were mistaken. Mr. Terry, the manager, writing in the BulUtin, says the firm distinctly refuse to recognise the Union; but are willing to employ them in discriminately with non-Unionists. A meeting of the Gogango Divisional Board was held on Tuesday last, and was remarkable only for the large number of letters and peti tions received in respect of requisite improve ments. They were, according to the usual custom, received ; but that any attention will be paid to them is extremely improbable. None of the subdivisions have funds to spare, and members are doubtful about being able to con tinue the maintenance of road parties. No. 1 subdivision finances are such that one member has prophesied the road party can only be kept at work for two months; No. 2 has overdrawn its account, and is absorbing the unexpended balance to the credit of the others; and No. 3 has only sufficient to maintain a road party. It is, therefore, not to be wondered at.that the board are pressing their claims to the con struction of a bridge over the river at Yaamba upon the attention of the Government, and that they feel indignant at the reply to their request. Mr. Archer has been moving in the matter of securing for us portion of the bridge vote of 1884, and in the event of the Govern ment declining to bridge the river at Yaamba they will be asked to construct two bridges in each subdivision. The hoard have evidently become conscious of tbe fact that they should see settlement on the land is facilitated, and they have determined to ask our Parliamentary representatives to see that selection may be possible before survey. Mr. Murray intro duced the question, and in making a motion referred to the way ia which the country had been picked over and to there being no land open to selection save small pieces here and there. As I have already told yon by telegram, tbe Mount Morgan Gold Mining Company's ground has been "jumped" by a prominent share holder, Mr. W. K. D'Arcy. The "jumping" was a friendly action, and was resorted to merely for the purpose of testing the validity of the leases and of preventing other persons taking a portion of thoto. Rumours have gained currency lately that the same course would have been pursued by others, but not in a friendly way; and that the " jumpers" were prepared to spend a goodly sum to ascertain the security of the tenure. I have already told you that Messrs. F. Morgan and T. S. Hall lodged objections, and it was therefore re quisite the applications should be heard in the gold warden's court They came on yester day, and the whole thing having been arranged beforehand the warden declined to hear any evidence to test the validity of the leacos, con tending that he had no power to do so. They were granted by the Governor-in-Council, and he could do nothing in the matter. The solicitor for Mr. D'Aroy mentioned that under the Goldnelds Act no lease could be granted within two years of the proclamation of a gold field ; and it is on that ground the case will be tak< n to the Supreme Court Our naval brigado has filled up wonderfully, and the men, under the instruction of Lieu tennnt Drake, are progressing well in their drill. MARYBOROUGH, August 8 RtFERRDTO again to the construction of loconotives, it is understood that cne at least of our large ironwork companies is Dreparpd to und' i take manufacture at from 10 to 15 per cent xbove the cost of those imported. A sug gestion is made that the department place a sample locomotive as the basis of reference ra'her than plans and speciricitions. It is »aid that the Engineers-in-Chief over several Government Departments have two trouHV sornr faculties; they are so gwen to amendi< »j specifications and squeezing local contracts a. hence the tenderers in the colony need to i u& on a flood margin for exigencies. No definite and reliable data can be got hold of as to the intentions of the Urangan Railway people. Some hopeful and professedly well informed persons say it is all right, but others cannot understand the shilly-shallying which is going on, and the land syndicates still more particularly. Perhaps the preponderating opinion in the district is one of grave doubt as to whether the more active promoters are really justified in promising a fulfilment of agreement with the Legislature. The principal business done at the last weekly meeting of the local commissioner* for the Indian and Colonial Exhibition was the appointment of Messrs. Woodcock and Stu part to collect photos of the town and its in dustries. The advanced classes in our State schools are being directed to the preparation of artistic penmanship, drawing, needlework, Ac., for exhibition in London. The young folk are quite enthusiastic in thn matter. Good progress is being made with the pre parations for the show; proclaimed holidays will be asked for the 27th and 28th instant A general hope that the Governor may be pre sent is not accompanied by a desire forfcbe adjournment of Parliament during our big event. In the matter of the alleged wholesale cattle stealing at Poonah Point, and the recent dismissal of the charge by a specially large bench of magistrates, proceedings were re instituted at the police court on Thursday before the police-magistrate only, Horatio Alma Brett and James Dowzer, jun., being charged with stealing fourteen head of cattle from Mr. T. H. Moffat in February last. Similar evidence to that given at the previous inquiry was taken, and both the accused w< r < fully committal for trial at the next sittings of the District Court Bail in £100 and sureties, and £80 and sureties, respectively, was «e:eptcd. In reply to a lengthy and earnest letter from one of the prominent members of our Agri cultural Society, asking for the establishment of schools of agriculture, the Minister for Public Instruction quite agrees with the sentiment, but cannot see his way clear to any action under the present Educational Act. The Hon. B. B. Moreton considers the public need more teaching on the necessity of such schools. Two crews for the Rockbatnpton Regatta were despatched this evening, with many wishes for their success. The M.R.C. boat Fiona an* the W.B.R.C. boat Doris are both well manned. August 15. By the action of the residents oi Gaynciah, reported this week, in "going for" the Mun garr or direct railway route, the universal desire in Maryborough for that route is now still further btcked up with the soundest reason, and there can be scarcely two opinions an to the ultimate decision of the Government. The Burnett meeting on the subject passed a resolution that the Hon. B. B. Moreton be requested to support the Mungarr route, and hftftton the commencement of the permanent survey. Wua reference to the Urangan railway, a few streaks of daylight during the week have given improved expectations of real intention on the part of the promoters. Mr. Rawlins, 0.E., is still negotiating and conferring in this dirtrict It is reported the Burruin coal out put ban reached GOO tons per week. Mr. P. O'Malley, police-magistrate for Tiaro, has arrived. He took his seat on the Tiaro bench en Saturday, when the local justices were conspicuous by their absence. It is generally believed this apparent disccurtesy wan only from want of thought, not heart Telegraphic communication with Double Island Point is completed, and the line to Sandy Cape is nearly so. In Defence Force matters, I learn that the Howard D. Company is attending to drill in a commendable manner. The O Company will get their uniforms within a week or two. Late members of the disbanded Rifle Club have signed a petition to Government, asking for their acceptance as a Volunteer Rifle Corps. The six new magistrates appointed in this district were much needed in the several localities in which they respectively reside. It is noteworthy that five at least out of the six are opponents of the Government, The individual suitableness of our latest accessions to the commission of the peace is un questioned. The Burrum Divisional Board, after an ex haastive discussion on the subject of borrow ing £1000 for a dam near Howard, resolved that professional advice be sought before any action is taken. Mr. La Barte, the board's clerk, is rafferinga somewhat protracted illness. Some disorganisation among our footballers has divested the coming struggle with Ipswich of the interest which otherwise would have been taken in it. Mr. G. F. Vaughan, head- master of the irramroar school, is officially reported to be on board the Merkara. LOWER BURDEKIN, August 5. Now that we are about to bave a new member for this district, it is to be hoped that some one will be elected that understands the people as well us th« industries he will have to represent He will be a clever man that will be able to please all bis constituents occupied in the two industries—namely, mining and sugar planting. The latter want cheap and reliable labour, and have no interest whatever in mining except that they wish it every prosperity; while the miners have no sympathy with planters, but would gladly wipe them out altogether if they could, believing that all the money invested in sugar would divert to their scheming way in getting rich on other people's money. Whoever arranged the electorates could h»ve had but little knowledge of what he was doinp, or else was one of those that felt no sympathy for those interested in the sugar industry. Any member that may be elected for the Musgrave who dared to support the planter would be irame diatvly crushed by the tninm, for they are about ten to one against the planter; and if h* mipported the miner and neglected the planter be would not only injure the lutVr but the whole colony. To attach the two together was not only an injustice to the constituents but to the members seeking their suffrages. Wo sent a petition to Brisbane praying for a divisional board several months ago, but they have not as yet even acknow ledged it. When we get a member of our own perhap" our prayer will be turned up and granted. All our mills arc now in full swing ex cept Airdraillan, wbicK on account of not being able to procure sufficient labour to work their own mill, had to cell their cane at per ton to other two mills. We are taming out some very fine sugar, and the cane is yielding • very fair amount of juice, and we have some •"ery fine cane ; a flood-sized patch of ratoons on one plantation is estimated to give 40 tons of cane per acre; it was irrigated. Some of our ratoons are very poor; after a nine months' drought, and short of labour to keep it clean, we could not expect anything ehe. Our output for this crushing will be much less than last year; 9000 tons will be the outside, and I am of opinion it will be much under that. Through the labour scare a great many acres of cave have been allowed to run out, consequently we have not so many acres to crush; but now there is a probability of getting plenty of cheap and reliable labour it is expected that great im provements will be made in both machinery and extensions, so that next year we anticipate a much larger amount of sugar than the present crushing. We havo great faith and hopes for our industry in the near future. We are bating a fine season for crushing, but a downfall of rain would d» a deal of good; the ground is very hard and dry. BLACKALL, August 7. A fair amount of .traffic patted through this week both from the east and west, the wool being chiefly from Malvern. About six loads of timber also passed out west, and indicate that building operations are going on somewhere. It is very satisfactory for us that carriage remains between £6 ana £8 per ton. I believe Pine Hill is still the favourite starting place for carriers, although Jericho hat done a little in thin way. Borne time ago the Kargoolnah Divisional Board invited tenders for erecting a bridge over Hope Creek where it was very badly needed. Two tenders were sent in, One offer ing to do the work for about £50, and the other tenderer about £120. The lowest tender was accepted, and the bridge constructed. All this is preliminary to saying that one of the Malvern wool teams went through it this week, according to report, the driver having a narrow escape from losing his life and two of hit horses After a brief and struggling existence of only three months the BJackalL School of Arts, or reading-room rather, that was going to be to useful and well supported, quietly gave up the ghost, and one more dead institution has to be added to the already long lint. The proprietor is said to be considerably out of pocket by his venture, and I was told tho room was not sup ported liberally enough to pay for kerovine for lighting. It will be some considerable time before we hear anything more about a School of Arts for Blackall. I believe people in these western cities are too unsettled' to support a School of Arts. They Mem to prefer to stroll about, visiting the billiard room*. Ac., and cannot stay in one place long-enough to have a game at cards (without^gambling) and a read of the newspapers An experiment in farming is being made on a large scale about four miles front town, on a. ■election owned by Mexurs. Banks Bros., and which they have called Warrnambool Farm. A large piece of ground has been planted with potatoes, and maixe and oats have also received a large amount of attention. The experi menters arc very sanguine that they will make a preflt for their trouble, and point to the fact that the ground ploughed up to a depth of 6in., although no rain has fallen for six or eight weeks in any large quantities, was very moist. An irrigation scheme has been built up by the Messrs. Bank*, and a large tank is under con* ■traction to supply water in dry seasons. It will be a good thing for the town if farming on the Barcoo can be made anything but a dream; and we are to get our branch railway if we can get a farming population. TAROOM, August 1. On the 28th July a case was brought before the bench having a curious result. Mary Jane Yallas sued William Williams for. the support of bis illegitimate child, some two jmonths old. The accused on oath denied having known the plaintiff. She, however, subsequently produced a letter from defendant acknowledging bis guilt and asking plaintiff to put the Maine upon another person. The bench dismissed the case, but asked tbe defendant to pay over to the seduced a sum of £10. which .he consented to do, thereby averting the more serious charge of perjury. The bench's decision is considered peculiar. There has been some serious, bungling In the Lands Department. Some three weeks ago several people purchased town lots of land, one person buying timber and building material to the extent of from £30 to £40. A week after said purchase had been made Mr, Alexander, land agent here, got a telegram f nSm the Lands Department, informing him that all land in tiie district had been withdrawn from selection and sale, with a notification that all moneys were to be refunded to recent purchasers. Tie ease seems a very hard one for this poor Ban Donnor, who had gone to considerable expense and labour to build himself a home. It is to be hoped the Government will see the injustice and rectify it / Although we are suffering from a very severe drought, travelling stock appear to be a* numerous as ever. Not oAly is grass scarce, but tbe main waterholes are fast drying up. Some months ago tho Postmaster-General was petitioned to allow the coach nail to re main in Taroom one whole day, but np te-the present the matter has been ignored. Such acts of neglect will strengthen tM chances of the Opposition should an ekction take place in the near future. ALLORA, August 1& The commonage •is being fenced in, which is a step in the right direction, as it is iif«. :>, possible for those selectors without th^"' municipal area to prevent their cattle from wandering on to it and getting impounded. The hares hereabouts are becoming very plentiful, and it yet remains to be teen whether they will become a future nuisance. The white cockatoos have refrained from visiting us this season, for which far rnersare truly thank ful, as they are very destructive to the seed in the groumi and the wheat when in its Most tender stage. However, it is now too late for them to do any harm. Our little town presents quite a lively spec* taele now on a Saturday, it being the bead quarters of the D. D P. M. Association. The second meeting to discu-s the duty on wheat oame off last Saturday. Delegates from Free stone, Spring Creek, Klphinstor.e, Swan Creelr. Back Plains and the membera of Allora branch) were present. Tbe de^rtien arrived at wan that the duty should b* let alone, though th* members of the Elphinstone branch were of opinion that the freight on intercolonial flour and wheat from Brisbane should be the same. There is every probability that a co- operative flour mill will be erected this year, in time fot harvest, cither at Clifton or in Warwick. IPSWICH, August Ml &n;™«iW ley ' .Bufc ™* little w M known until lately » 3 to th* progress which £S. n£ m*? e*i! n rU*Uahing it on a firm *Mi». One of the la^backs to its success !£?.,J$ lant1 ant- of * '"""table site for a show- XS* pieC* of land containing some SS for, but was, I Rear, at ™™f"*»' On the matter being brought a second Uo>.« before the authorities, the applies !»«r ** &?***• On the strength of this a meeting, of the committee was held last week, ™»c ousinessat which was gone into with spirit. cJ e *nna*l subscription was fixed at a guinea. ahe district waa divided into four parts, and it was decided to make a canvass for subscriptions and donations. Sixteen annual subscriber* were enrolled at the meeting, and about £20 was promised in the room as donations. The Meeting then adjouratd till 10th September. The local team of footballers, who intend visiting Maryborough and Gympie next week, includes sixteen players, and though it is not by anyinara the strongest team that could fcave bean chosen, yet the members of it will give % good account of themselves. The ftajrors will start by the Truganinion Monday, gjwinar Maryborough on the return journey on MORETON, August 16. IF the country waft only slightly under stocked the stockholders would not, I think, comparatively weaking, have much reason to complain of the dry seasons on tho coast country. Even as it is the most of the ury caW.o above four years old have oeen eo»d as fats at a good price. The good couatrryia now chiefly kept for fattening stock. « r.*s been chiefly ringed with the view of get ting good grass instead of the trees. The trees are killed by the ringing. Such country is not as a rule overstocked to the same extent as inferior country, on which, in addition, the growth of grass is nmch stepped from a crowd of trees having -fceen allowed to grow. A quantity of gran is preserved by some settlers. As an instance of this, in the early part of the winter there was plenty of dry grass in some of the fattening paddocks of Mundoolun, but on the opposite side, on th&east; bank of the Albert Kivec,'where the land had been more heavily •MCied. grass of any kind was very scarce. 1 aave little doubt that the growth of trees has a good effect on the climate j it is therefore unfortunate that both trees and good grass do not grow together. Decrease on the good country has been slight, except in the shape of tho fats that have been sent to market. On the inferior country the decrease from deaths, from I believe overstocking, has been consi derable, nearly if not as great as the natural tacyis. The roads have been fine for timber-getters, •ttt the poor working bullocks are to be pitied; they have a hard time of it, and there are so many of them tarried Out at the camping places that they get little to eat, and what they get is not very good, for the grass on a timber* getters' country is inferior. The inside country has never been more ap preciated than at present, so the land that has been brought into the market has brought • higher price than it ever did before, in •pite of the dry seasons, which have been bad for the farmers, yet the best land for Agriculture also still holds its price, for it will grow crops once they are rooted, *hen inferior land would be completely use less. The sugar-cane, for instance, once rooted on good soil is kept green by the occa sional showers that fall even in such dry seasons as we have had lately in this part of the country. Unfortunately, the good soil for agriculture is, comparatively speaking, rather limited in extent; but, even if it were otherwise, while the settlers can be timber- getters they will not bother much with the growing of crops. So even the ▼cry rich laad that I have mentioned is not much cultivated in the timber-getters' country. Perhaps when there aro railways the cultivation of the soil will make headway. Much of the good soil on the banks of the watercourses might be irrigated, and I hope the dry seasons wiu induce the settlers to make an effort to utilise all the water that can be spared for irri gation. I believe this country would carry a very great population if that was done. It has a better climate than that of India, and the soil is equally good, so I do not see the reason why it should not, like India, carry a great population. As I have said before, the crops of sugar-cane have been good in spite of the dry seasons, and farmers have in some cases been able to raise crops. I think they should be glad of their good luck. I have noticed patches this winter of sweet potatoes, and also of English ones: for instance, at Mooloolah there was a grand crop of English potatoes on a patch of rich scrub soil, and on a patch of forest sandy land that had been heavily manured at Mooloolah I noticed a very fine crop of sweet potatoes. LOGAN AND ALBERT, August 18. The Tabragalba Divisional Board met at their boardroom, Beaudesert, when it was re- solved on division that the rates this year will be only 9d. in the pound instead of 1s. as in previous years. Two contracts were let on the Jimboombah and Tambourine main roads. A meeting of the Logan Village Opening Demonstration Committee was held on Satur- day evening last. Present — Messrs. W. Dry- nan, chairman; M. Hinchcliffe, treasurer and secretary; Plunkett, Seymour, Walsh. Kirk, Dournnan, Williamson, Barnes, and Weaher. The treasurer reported that he had unsolicited offers of over 70 guineas towards the demon- stration, and it was resolved that each sub- scriber of a guinea should have two tickets for admission to the banquet sent him, and that the price in every case should be half-a-guinea. A marquee 100 ft. long by 25ft. wide will be erected near the station sufficient to seat 300 people. Tickets will be sent to the members of the Ministry, the leaders of the Opposition, to Sir Arthur Palmer, the members for Logan, Fassifern, and Bulimba, and also to the officers of the Railway Department. The motion passed at the first or general meeting that ladies be excluded for want of room was rescinded, and the committee hope to be honoured by the presence of all the ladies who can possibly attend. Four hundred tickets were ordered to be printed, which, by the courtesy of the Hon. the Minuter for Works, will entitle Brisbane friends to a free trip to Logan Village and back on the opening day, which it is supposed will be Saturday, sth September. CLACESCE AND RICHMOND, August 8. The tint day for taking up selections hero under the mrw Land Act* vs Thnrsaayla*t The land offices were Besieged with a ctowti of eager selectors long before the hQttr for open- ing them commenced. At Grafton, there were twenty-nine conditional purchase applications, representing an area of 3E25 acres, and seven conditional lease?, having an area of 3270 acres. At Casino, 2230 acres were selected, including three non-resident areas. At Lis more, 3413 acres were selected. Among the applicants for selections, there was, in most cases, no small amount of confusion, through their not fully understanding the conditions connected with the applications which they lodged. The land agents very courteously gave explanations and information, which mußt have been of great advantage to the applicants. An atrocious murder was last week com mitted at Coff's Harbour on a man named Matoson, a native of Finland, Russia. His re mains were this week found charred and burnt in a smouldering firo in a hollow tree, about 500 yards from the hut he occupied when living. His mate, by name Matthew Friske, also a Russian Finn, has been arrested on suspicion, and it is reported that he has confessed to murdering Mateson by striking him on the head with an axe, and then burning the body. Last night Dr. R. Yon Leudenfeld delivered his second lecture, under the auspices of the Board of Technical Education, in the hall of the School of Arts, Grafton. His subject was " Parasites of Man and Domestic Animals." There was a good attendance, and the lecturer treated his subject in a very able and lucid manner. A cordial vote of thanks was given to the lecturer. Our Pimpama correspondent, under date 18th August, says:—We nave had these three months past for the strong and healthy the per fection of atmospheric conditions, and even for delicate folks if they keep warm during the frosty nights and early morning hours there is nothing to be desired. For clearing and burn ing off there never was better weather, but water and moisture in the land are very scarce, some farms and many families being put to a good deal of trouble and inconvenience, while the prospect for cattle is becoming cause of anxiety to their owners, especially as the in creasing heat of the day is rapidly evaporating the supply of water. There is also a short supply of green feed, as oats, barley, and lucerne, the crops being stunted, and not worth cutting; yet a few days' rain may be sent us, and warm nights, giving an entire change to the aspect of nature and the outlook of life. The railway survey has gone past us, and left the chief groups of people and all the industries from ono to four miles from a pro jected station, one siding to be at one ex tremity of Pimpama, and another at the other, and four miles apart. Far better it would be to let all Pimpama meet at a common station, as they have the church centrally situated fer the convenience of all, and with no complaint from any, these ten years past. A good station, with centrally situated sheds and waiting-rooms for all, would be the best thing; and on Mr. Weeden's land, to be entered at the gate near the school ground, but fully three miles from the home of your Pimpama correspondent, is the best spot. Cardinal Massaia, the heroic Capuchin missionary of Central Africa, hu been nomi nated by the Pope a member of the Sacred Congregation of Propaganda for affairs ef the Oriental Rite. Cheese of the best quality is probably the richest and most nutritive article of human diet. If cheese bo eaten at a meal consisting of milk, butter, eggs, and vegetables, meat is unnecessary. The Trappist monks, being strict vegetarians, make great use of cheese. It is said that they are able to work, with little intermission, from 1 or 2 o'clock in the morn ing until dusk, accomplishing an amount of work in one day unknown to any common labourer. Two Frenchmen, the brothers Forre, have invented a new kind of harp, made entirely of wood. Instead of strings the inventors use strips of American fir. The sound is produced, ai in the ordinary harp, by the contact of the fingers, but the player wears leather gloves covered with rosin. The tone of the instru ment is said to be of remarkable purity. Bkinley Richards, an eminent Welsh musical composer, died in London en the 4th of May from acute inflammation of the lungs. He was 67 years of age. He composed a vast number of popular airs, anthems, and cantatas. His greatest work is entitled " Ood Save the Prince of Wales," which is regarded as the second national anthem. It is a common idea that all bagpipes must necessarily be of Scotch origin, from the fact that the vast majority of pipers seen nowadays are dressed in fantastic Scotch attire; but this is, however, erroneous, and it ought to be known by all Irishmen, and those who admire the inspiriting tones of good bagpipes, that according to Bunting's "Ancient Music of Ireland" the Irish war pipes were in use in the sixteenth century, and were carried, like the present Scotch ones, over the left shoulder, and blown with the mouth. There is also a very general idea that Irish bagpipes should be blown with bellows carried under the right arm and sometimes called "union pipes." The drones of the Scotch pipes are spread like a fan, and have streamers, while, on the contrary, the Irish have the drones strung closely together, and carry no streamers. These war-pipes are not often to be seen now, but are in use, and form part of the band of the old Royal Tyrone Fusiliors, now 4th Battalion Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers, at present training at the Ourragh, which is the only Irish regiment that has adopted this form of ancient music. During a debate in the New Zealand Par liament on the Local Powers and Finance Bill (says the Otago Daily Times) Sir Julius Vogcl gave the following interesting statistics regard ing New Zealand's financial position :—He bad taken out the balance-sheet showing the actual position of the colony, which was said to be overburdened with debt. The assets on 31st March, 1883, were: Real property, exclusive of Maori land, £110,000,000; personal property, £64,030,000; public works, including railways, telegraphs, harbour works, &c.; (an under estimate), £16,000,000. That made the total amount of aauets to ho £181,000,000. The- debt of the colony in 18S3 was £27.785,000, and the local bodioH owed £1.107.0110; forciipi roort gages amounted to l'lf».0!)0,000; nnd debts out side the colony amounted to £7,(XX),C00, making io aU I'M.OOU.OOO, !envin<; a surplus balance to the wealth of the color.v of il-27,000,0C0. Tho tvriHje wealth wxj J-227 tier head, making the colony almost the wealthiest country in the world. Great Britain's wealth ntr inhabitant was £249; Franc's, ±."21$ : Germany's, £140; Russia's, £SS; Austria's, £'J5. The Australian cokmie.i were ptrt Wiles loading with £73L The statement ho bad made, he said, wan absolutely correct. Dr. Flint is reported as having said that many lives arc lost by starvation owing to an over-estimate of the nutritive value of beef tea and meat juices. In typhus and typhoid foyers, he says, there is no good substitute for milk and eggs. The sago of commerce is almost wholly made of potato starch, shaped into small balla, of which the surfaces are then gelatinised by passing over them hot air saturated with steam. There is scarcely any apparent difference between sago so made and the genuine article manufactured from certain tropical plants. Neither should be used at all by fat people. We hear (says the Central Auitralian, Bourke) that Mr. Broatch, of Wangamana, has struck a large supply of fresh water in a shaft and bore at a depth of 440 ft There is a Government bore four miles south of Mr. Broatch's shaft, near the 74-mile post on Wanaaring-road, which has been only put down 270 ft., and then left. The striking water at over 400 ft. ought to show the Miniug De partment the folly of only testing such shallow depths. Shipmasters trading to this port (says the Maryborough Chronicle) are unanimous in the desire that the Harbour authorities should make a survey of the South Channel through Wide Bay Bar. This channel was in general use some years ago, till ashif ting of the banksduring heavy weather Gendered it dangerous, and it has seldom since Decn used. The north channel is now becoming troublesome, and the captains are of opinion that the south channel is char again, or, at least, very much safer and easier than that now used. If they are right tho Harbour authorities ought to publish soundings, re-erect the beacons and leading lights, and declare the channel open for naviga tion again. The result would be the shortening of the voyage to Brisbane by an hour, and benefit to all cencerned. People are complaining that times are hard and business dull (says the Afackay Mercury). The cause is not hard to find. During the first months of the crushing everybody is out of town on the plantation*, and the first pay usually goes to liquidate outstanding debts contracted in the slack times. This is moro especially the case this year, as there is abso lutely no spare labour available, and every working man who want* to work is in a billet In a week or so after the second pay, business will look up tremendously, and we may expect ah arrival of something like the old stirring times. The first trip which the teams on the Western Carrying Company have made beyond Charleville was commenced on Wednesday last (says the Charleville Time* of the Bth instant). An extensive wool-scouring plant, urgently re- Suired by Milo station, was despatched right trough from Mitchell by the company without the usual intermediate stoppage at Cbarleville. Two horse teams took the machinery, which weighed in all ten tons, divided into four equal parts.' Besides this, the horses had to take three tons of feed on each load to carry them to Adavale and back. They are travelling on the new road, and have a dry stage of twenty eight miles and two of twenty-three miles to posh over before ending the journey. "Fifteen days ago," says the Towtuvitte BulMin, " two men named Falkner and Ryan left Cairns in an open boat for the Mulgrave River with supplies for Mr. Danyel, a settler there. As they did not arrive within a reasonable time, Mr. Danyel went up to Cairns to make inquiries, the result of his visit being the despatch of the pilot cutter with a search party. The Burdekin on Thursday last returned from Cairns, towed the cutter to the mouth of the Mulgrave, and left her there to work her way up the coast It is stated that two or three days after the men left Cairns it commenced to blow strongly, and it is now presumed that the boat was capsized and the men drowned. Information from the cutter's crew is anxiously awaited." A presentation of a purse of sovereigns (£160), says the Warwick Examiner of 12th August, was made to the Rev. H. J. Campbell on Friday last by the parishioners and residents of Allora and district on the departure of the rev. gentleman from that locality. The pre sentation was made by Mr. Geo. Clark, of Talgai, who, on behalf of the donors, wished Mr. Campbell God-speed, and hoped that he and his family would have health and happi ness in whatever sphere he might be called upon to labour. The Rev. Mr. Campbell was much affected, and bid farewell to his Allora friends a touching manner. The Bundabtrg Mail reports that two terrible accidents have occurred to Polynesians during the past week. One belonged to Mr. Faulkner. He had been sent to Mr. Adams's Summerville plantation to assist in getting off the cane. Hs was a quiet intelligent boy, and although he has only Men out four months he shapea well for becoming a most useful farm hand. He took a fancy to watching the rollers. The cane carrier is boxod up at Summerville, but he must have slipped in getting on to the stand, and his left hand got between the rollers. Instinctively he placed his other hand there, and before the mill was stopped the two members were fearfully crushed. Dr. Thomas was immediately sent for, and the boy was conveyed to the hospital. It was found necessary to amputate both hands, and the poor fellow is for the rest of his life a helpless cripple. The other case was horrible and proved fatal. A boy at Mr. Gaylard's Windsor Plantation was stooping over a darifier when t he fell into the boiling liquor head foremost He was extricated with con siderable difficulty and scalding. All that could be done for him on the plantation was done, but the unhappy kanaka died from the effects of his injuries. 