An Eventful Night. BY E.TIE RODGEnS, HAs any of us, I wonder, a distinctly dual nature-the one dispassionate and just, the other unreasoning and impetuous? Or in some remote and unguessed niche of our soul does there sit enthroned a small and potent demon, which sometimes breaks re straint and lets loose among our better senses the hounds of anarchy to deafen conscience with their yells and hunt our dearest loves to the bitter death ? I can moralize and marvel now, since all is over and done! I can marvel if I were possessed by some unguessed and pussiant spirit not my own, in one melancholy episode of my life; or if some uncanny and un worthier duality of my being had quickened to violation within me. For certainly what I had been before and what I have been since, I was not in that deplorable time which I shudder to recall. I was not ill, nor harrassed, nor despondent; I was strong of body, my mind was content, my heart at rest, when I was suddenly iampelled to the maddening belief that I was wronged as man had never been wronged before, and when every im pulse of soul and sense seemed goad ing me on for vengeance and human blood. That particular evening I was sit ting alone in the yet unlighted library of my somewhat isolated suburban residence. - Outside was a deliciously fresh and balmy dusk-a serene and beguiling hiatus between the setting of an un clouded sun and the rising of a stormy moon! The winds were still; the great maples were motionless; there were no sounds save those of occasional hoofs and wheels along the uneven and ungraded highway, or those of the uneasy river complaining with the burden of the prolonged Spring rains. Nothing was visible but the formless shadows where all was shade-noth ing more but the dim gleam of the scented lilac bloom, and one narrow beam of light which issued from a window in the music-room at the far end of the long verandah. As I sat there gazing dreamily 'out intb the balmy dusk, and listening Sdrowsiiy to the grumbling of the restive river-somebody began softly intoning some fanciful operatic air, and then presently an exquisite voice aroused the hushed gloaming with strain after strain of happy melody. With a sense of infinite peace, of serenest delight, I leaned back in my luxurious chair and closed my con tented eyes. My Lyrie was singing-* my wife- the beautiful songstress I had lured from an anticipated career of conquest and splendor, and caged in the calmer, and prosier stronghold: Sof my wedded affections. I had never' wondered if Lyrio might some time regret her marriage .. with a man neither particularly youing nor especially attractive; I ;badineveFr questioned if she might' somne time Sregret the love for which she had re nounced a more dazzling life; I loved her, and she was mine.. And yet1in the undiminished charm of oin loving, I had never cared to "speculate::of what might have been or what might be-of what might have been ia' a time of which I had no knowledTge'; f what' mightbe if fodr lier the charth were dissolved in the alchemy .of latent ambitions or undivided illusions. I distrusted nothing, I ap~prehended nothing; my mind was content and my heart at rest, as in the dreamy dusk'I leaned luxuriously back in my library-chair,and'.serenely listened to the exquisite voices singing: " A passionate ballad gallant and gay, , A mental song like a trumpet call Singing of deathland honourwhich cannot dic !' But as I listened the song ceasedl- ceased abruptly with a. sharp dis sonance and with a little jangle, as if her fingers had come down with a startled crash upon the resplendent keys of the piano. Then all was silent. And in the midst of the silence, with a flash and a shock, the unguessed demon un lashed the turbulent jealousies and maddening doubts; or the unreasoning quality of my being quickened to a volition which belied my sober senses. At the instant I was assailed by neither a. crazy suspicion nor a morbid phemonition, but by a vivid and im pellent conviction that some concealed 'and gruesome thing was about to be disclosed to me. 'Something startled her from her singing,, and she is not one to be startled by what threatens no evil,' whispered the voice which was so un like my own. 'Some person has skulked through the garden and through the verandah casements, and so, unseen and unheard, has gained her presence. She has been too sud denly confronted by some phantom from her past, by the ghost of some ill starred thing which she had deemed forever buried from her sight. And perhaps even now she is bewailing what might have been, and planning for what might be.' Such was the summary of those sudden and inexplicable convictions. I had no sense of hesitancy or scruple; and I was possessed by the deliberate and sanguinary cunning of a crafty maniac. I neither sighed nor muttered exe crations. But I smiled grimly as I arose from my chair and with a steady tread walked from the library and down the yet unlighted corridor toward the music-room. The door was ajar, and I felt not the minutest surprise as I peered into the apartment and beheld the con firmatory scene which was being enacted there. There indeed was an intruder-a tall man clothed like a brigand of roniance-a handsome man, whose broad and rakish hat flared back from a countenance impressively pallid and haggard ! His arms were about my Lyrie, her golden head dropped against his breast, and shewas weeping bitterly. 'I could not believe that you would remain from me so long if your were among the living,' she was sobbing just audibly. 'Can nothing be done? Can we not plan something that Imay be near you-that you may come to me sometimes ?' 'You were happier to believe me no longer among the living. You will be happier, too, if we shall meet again no more,' the man answered with some fierce passion kindling in his haggard black eyes. I-IHe lifted her drooping face, he kissed the beautiful brows, he unloosed her pleading hands-and then he turned swiftly away. As he vanishei through the opened casement of the verandah she glanced up and perceived me advancing towards her. With the glance her great blue eyes dilated and darkened with unmistakable terror" Perhaps my accusing gaze afirighted her and she feared, she knew ndt what; for with a seared little cry she shrank back and hid her paling face in both her trembling hands. ButIdidnot heedher i Anyemotion of hers-whether of fear or remorse or shame- was nothing to me then. I was intent only in the pursuit of a cloaked figure vanishing outside-a fly Ing shadow where all was shade. I had been impelled to the belief that I was wron.red asman was never wronged be fore but I had no upbraiding just then for her-my vengeance was meant for him for whom she had cared before I met aed loved her, perchance, and for whom she still cared ! The stormy moon was just visible among the thickening clouds; the wind was beginning to sough among the great maples; the grumbling of the river sounded nearer and more near,. so I hastened onward, hearing now and then the unicertain thud of reckless footsteps, or seeing a rakish hat looming like a black silhouette against a gleam of white moonshine. On and on I hastened in stealthy pursuit, through the extensive grounids, across a wooded inclosure of knolls and hollows, and so emerged upon an aban doned road-a deeply excavated curve which somewhere intersected the high way. The cloaked figure with the rakish hat had become altogether invisible, but of his propinquity I was certain. For a saddled horse was niblili'g the lush, swampy grasses in a hollow down the roadway,and there were: vaguely sug gestive rustilings' among the vines and eldersbetween. me and the river, which just there widened to a sullen and al most bankless current. : "The clump of elders is, his last covert.'.. I thought; grimly,' as.I de scended into the curving roadway and stalked, toward the' marshy crescent.f ground which:flanked the river. Andihe was there indeed; but 'not erect and hostile aid defiant. He lay prone upon the earth,'moveless, as if he lia: beoinpbsedhim'self for slumberi; :nd totally:unaware that a Cain had tracked him?to his rctieat. r What denunciations I uttered I: do not know; I only know that I clutched. his'brigandish cloak, that I dragged him to an upright posture, and that some murderous thing glittered in my determihed:grip. 'A man with broken bones and emiptied viens is not likaly to defend himself,' I was at length conscious he said-in strangely strengthless tones. And as I glared upon him I per ceived that his garments were drenched with blood, and that one stout foot dangled uselessly beneath his cloak. 'I stumbled over the brink of the excavated roadway, and some splin tered rail has forestalled your bullet,' hIo explained with a sort of satiric humour as I involuntarily lowered the inurderous thing which menaced him. At this juncture there was an ap palling, crash like the booming of thunder, and then a rumbling and roaring like an onset of artillery. 'Instinctively I turned my gaze to wards the neighbouring hills. I knew what had happened; burdened with the prolonged Spring rains, the restive river had rent asunder some fettering dam above, and the mighty floods were already deluging the land. In another half hour the roadway would be an impassable torrent, the marshy crescent would be a plunging sea, and my helpless arch-enemy must perish if nothing intervened to spare him. I would leave him to his doom, assuredly ! Ishould be anidiot to do otherwise! And then with a shock and a flash, the demon, the lunacy, the unworthier duality, or whatever it might have been, was extinguished within me. Perhaps I had been an idiot already, I began to reflect! If my girlish bride had loved him in a time of which I had no knowledge, even if she still loved him, even if she had meditated wrong to me, I should indeed be idiotic to do aught which would be joy to my foes and grief to them who esteemed me, and an eternal ignominy to myself! I would instead be his deliverer; I would take him back to her; and then I would leave them to themselves; I would have done with themforever, and I would go my way alone! My reflections, if comprehensive, were of short duration. Already a vast avalanche of seething water was tumbling down the valley, already the rebellious river was rioting over knolls and hollows, and down yonder in the streaming roadbed a riderless horse was whinnying for his well nigh insensible cavalier. 'Come,' I began in my ewn natural voice, 'life is as dear to you as to me, and I shall not leave you to perish here. Arouse your courage a bit; if you can keep the saddle for a half mile, you will be safe.' I had fancied a few moments before that my vehemence and menaces only mystified him; but he understood distinctly enough now. My task was sufficiently perilous and accomplished none too soon. We had scarcely gained the elevated ground above the roadway when the watery avalanche thundered down and submerged even the precipitous brink over which he had so unluckily stumbled. He was safe; but of my own safety I had been too incautious. For even as I momently lingered on the brink my footing failed me, the flood smote me and I knew no more. When consciousness was restored to me, I was lying in my own chamber, and my darling was kneeling beside my bed, her beautiful beloved face all wan and anguished with a trouble which I knew was for me alone. 'Life was worthless to my poor brother, and you would have given your own that.he might.live,' I heard her murmur. :" I needed no modr to understand the truth. The night 1as gone like some weirdly distorted dream; and in the glory and gladness of the dawning, I put an arm about her and drew her to my heart. 'You never told me about your brother-tell me now,' I said. The explanation was sufficiently lucid. No doubt her brother had been more sinned against than sinning; but all the same he had been condemned for a grevious of fence, and he was a fugitive from ii]rsuing justice. For years she had believed him dead, and now I did not marvel she was so startled by the phantom from the past. And now when all is over and done, my mind content, my heart at rest, I can calmly marvel and moralize upon the chaotic misery of that eventful night! I can wonderingly question if I were possessed by some frenzied spirit not my own, or if some unreason ing and inconsistent quality of my being had been quickened to uncanny. volition within me.l 