WHO nVBDEBED MARY ROVREKS. : -..-i I A. CKOFFUT.) 'l New York.— Two events that have oc- Cared in this iaty this week give special timeliness to this letter :-0n Monday noon Ba£t was begun lu the Supreme Court here tfsh'iiTttak the will of the late John Anderson, the rich tobacconist ; and two bonrs later a marble and bronze monument to Edgar Allan Poe was, with imposing ceremonies, set into the inner wall of our new West minster Abbey, the Metropolitan Art Museum. What is the chain that connects the two events t Wait a minute and I will tell you. This letter will discuss one of the 4 ghastly problems in American History. , In July, of the year 1842, New York City | was the scene of an unparailed excitement on account of 44 the pretty cigar girl,'' Mary Rodgers, who had for a year or two been a great attraction in the cigar -store of John Andcraoa on Broadway. It was soon found j that she had been brutally murdered iu 1 Hoboken, and the excitement increased and I spread over the entire country. Hardly any murder, before or since, has ever attracted each wide and deep interest, if we except 1 the assassination of the Presidents. News- | papers devoted columns to it every day for j weeks ; mass meetings were held about it ; ( books were published about it; even local 1 politics turned on the way in which false dues bad been followed. Edgar A. Poe, the poet, bad already written one or two detective stories, and be at once went to work to track the murderer. He gave his theory to the world under the title of "The Mystery of Marie Roget," in which he located the crime In Paris, but otherwise recapitulated the other , facts. The conclusion to which he was led was that the girl was decoyed away and lolled by a lieutenant of the navy who was known to be enamoured of her. lathe "life of Poe,1' by fi. H. Stoddard, the poet, it is declared in a foot note that this guess of Foe's was afterwards demonstrated to be correct ; but I have called on Stoddard, and he tells me that Foe wrote the foot-note himself, and that therefore no reliance can be placed npon its truthfulness ; W. Fearing Gill, author of the latest life of Foe, tells me : " I omitted that foot-note rect or not." On Monday, after the Poc memorial cere monies, I took a drive in the park with William B Alger, the Boston philosopher and transcendentalist, and he saia, concern ing Foe's story : " It ends so abruptly that £ thought it never was finished.71 Perhaps this guess is right. And perhaps the reason for its incompleteness is mat Foe bad some doubts about the correctness of his conclusion, and waited for proofs until he died, six years later. At any rate, I have found oat this week that Foe was mistaken. Hie present suit is responsible for the dis closure. Had not the vast estate been involved in the throes of a great legal con test the investigation would not have been stimulated, and the facts would not have fioan " 1 1 1, n 4t-i, 4-V .( Ako ments made in this letter will appear in the j pending trial if the counsel shall secure and : adduce the oral and documentary evidence to which I have had access. John Anderson j became very rich. He died on November ' 22, 1881, in Paris, leaving estates supposed to be worth from five to eight millions of i dollars, of which l,500,00Qdols. were in per- j sona! property. Almost everything he ; bequeathed in his will to his son, John, 1 ignoring his other desceadents. The present \ suit in ejectment is .brought by Mary Maud Watson, granddaughter of the deceased. ; She is the wife of Alfred E. Watson, the 1 private Secretary of Gov. Pingree, of W- ; mont. The nominal defendents are John D. ' Phyfe and J. Campbell, w bo are iu posses , sion of lands bslonging to the estate ; but of course the real defendent is Johu, the pre- ! ferred beir of the rich tobacconist. In the birth and boyhood of the rich : tobacconist the public is not interested. I When he was 23 years old (in 1834) he was 1 living in New Haven, Conn., and about that , time he paid attention to one Mary Easier, a pretty girl of the city, and an orphan, j Her father, who was a silversmith, had died when she was 0 years old, her mother when j she was 12, and she was adopted a,ad 1 tenderly reared by her ancle and aunt. Her | chances for education were small, but she was a modest and well-behaved girl at 16, I when John Anderson sought her hand. Her ! uncle gave his consent to the marriage, aud , when it took place he said to the yonng ; bride : 44 Mary, C have a little money that ' was left to yon by your grandmother, but I \ think I had better keep It till you need it : worse than yen do now.7.' it was so j agreed. John Anderson proved to be very poor, j He brought his young wife to New York, where he could get no work. He was j willing enough, but lie bad no special train- I inc. He took Maty to an atic on the corner : of Houston street and the Bowery, bnt they i were shortly turned out of that miserable ! abode for non-payment of rent. The future i millionaire shovelled snow off the sidewalk in front of houses that winter to win a few . cents, and his wife made shirts at sixpence ! apiece. They had a hard time getting along till ' the great fire of 1835, which awept off 400 ; buildings below Canal street. After that j calamity John Anderson was hired by his . sister's hnsband, Strata Pitcher, to look after ; a block of the bunt buildings, and they | lived better for a tune. In the spring Pitcher ! set him up in a cigar store on Wall street, i but it was a failure and was shortly closed. ! At length, about 1839, he embarked once more in tbe business that yielded him his wealth, opening a store on Broadway hear ! Pearl street, opposite the old hospital. He advertised in the Courier aud Bnoyirer for a beautiful girl to sell cigars for him. There were many applicants ; aud from them he selected Mary Rodgers,- one of tta prettiest of the humble class to which she belonged, fine, light, silken hair, blue eyes, red cheeks, shapely mouth and nose retrousse. Mary's pretty face and genteel manners drew throngs 1 of the polite loungers on our chief thorough- i fares, and Anderson's cigars sold like hot | cakes. She studied the costumes of the j lady passers-by, and learned the art of dress- j ing elegantly. N. P. Willis wrote about j the attractive girl in his paper, and Edgar I A. Poe was fond of pausing there to buy two cigars with hie last dime three years before be penned that remarkable story as to the cause of her death. Gen. Scott and Feni- more Cooper both noticed and bought cigars j of " the pretty cigar girl." During these years John Anderson aud j his wife lived over tbc store. Here two j children were born. The pretty cigar girl j was intimate np stairs and down, and John j Anderson became far more intimate with 1 her than be ought tohavebeen. Mrs. Ander-. j .son saw, with growing fear, his increasing infatuation. ' Maiy suddenly left the store and returned , to her mother's boarding-house, 126 Nassau- street, giving no reason for the step save that somebody persecuted her -with nudesired at tentions. It is also alleged by those who were in a position to know, and from whom my information is obtained, that she was ! about to become a mother. At this discovery j (on the . testimony of a relative that is now j heard for the first time, but is animpeach- 1 able), John Anderson and a man named Reynolds conspired together how > to get rid 5 of the girl, who was likely to make trouble. | It was agreed that Reynolds -should take j her oyer to Hoboken. This was done, Rev- j nolds starting with her from near the house about 6 o'clock in the evening, and being J afterwards met by Anderson. Here the j c'ne breaks ; bat the girl was never seen \ again alive. ' 1 Her mother supposed her to be visiting at j the house of a friend, but next morning, on finding that she was not there, nor at Aoder- j son's, she spread, tire alarm, and the cry went out that she hadbeen murdered. Search was everywhere made. In two days her lifeless j body, less than half clad, aud with a lace 1 5chu drawntightly around the neck as if she had been strangled, was found floating 20 the North River, and in the woods of Backeusack near a public house where cries for help had been heard on the zugbt in question, in a sort of natural arbor where the grass wastrampled "down, there were found footprints; scattered bits of clothing and many evidences of a struggle. Gen. James Watson Webb told me his recollection of this just before he died, and said that it was he, in his paper, who started the agitation to find the murderer. Anderson fled towards Canada, but was .overtaken and arrested at Saratoga. He came back, presented testimony which was deemed to prove an alibi and was released. Suspicion fell on others— on the young men who were the neighbours, companions or avowed lovers of deceased. The murderer was never identified. . Indeed, the man 41 Reynolds, mentioned above, has never before been named in all the investigations into_ the history of the crime. Three men besides Anderson were arrested and examined duriog that summer I — Payn, Morse and Crommelin. All had frequently been seen with Mary Rogers, and ! Payn, rather a fast young man, was under ' stood to be engaged to her. All of them made their innocence appear to tne satis faction of the authorities, and were released. Payn, a few months later, having become exceedingly dissipated, reeled over to 14 Sibyl's Cave," on the shore of the Hudson, near where tbe dead body was found, and committed suicide. Not one of them was 44 of stalwart build and swarthy complexion, like the stranger with whoin the pretty cigar girl was seen on that fatal night. Mrs. Anderson was not happy during these days. She used to sell cigars till the store was closed, then put her little boy to bed under the counter and go upstairs and do the family washing and baking at night. One day her uncle brought down to the store from New Haven, the little inheritance from her grandmother, handed it to her privately and said : " Now, Mary, don't give that to John ; put it in the bank for yourself ! With the devotion of her sex, she called Anderson down as soon as the ancle left and give him the money. It did no good. His associates were moBtly gamblers and prize-fighters, and he squandered all the money he could get. His wife tried hard to keep her children de tbinking that it would be better for them in the country, she went to live in Bethlehem, Fa. They all dressed very plainly, in the cheapest things, for Mrs. Anderson was of the impression that her husband was still poor. About this time che accidently found out that he was worth $300,000, and then she began to dress ber daughters differently, and more in accordance with their means. This mate trouble. Soon there was more trouble en account of Anderson's conduct, and to save her daughter from contamination, say my witnesses, . Mrs. Anderson now made np her mind to leave her hnsband. Bat her troubles were sot yet ever. He west to Europe, and while in Germany made love to a German fraulein, passed himself off as a biugie ui cuujjruai9«u nuu wig uct auu fled to New York again. The girl was shrewd and plucky. She followed him to this city and had him arrested, Anderson was frightened. He had a con fidential friend in Johnny" Lyng, the notorious sporting character, and him he straightway consulted. 44 Come, Johnny," he said : " you know how it is yourself, help me out." Lyng knew Recorder Barnard very well ; had known him in California ; and to him he went aud explained the 44 scrape.77 Barnard put his shoulder to tbe wheel. The affair was settled. The girl got $10,000, and returned to Germany. Barnard may not have received any Bpeoiflo fee, but be soon made Anderson's daughter Fanny his wife, and she got as a wedding present a fine brown-stone residence on Twenty-first street. Anderson had now become wealthy. Bat he had also become so depraved that bis wife was unable to live with him long at a time. She left him and returned to him again, living with him at Bethlehem, at Tarrytown aud at the city house, 369 Fifth avenue. To avoid scandal and to save tbe children from the comments of society, she tried to remain beneath the same roof with him, but finally 1 she left him and retired to Virginia, where she died sometime in 1873- Iu the mean- : time, by pretending to be a citizen of Indiana, John Audersou made application in the County Court of Vigo County, at the City of Terre Haute, through his attorney, John K. Key, for a divorce on the ground of desertion. His wife, it is said, never heard of this proceeding. The divorce was granted , aud Anderson married at once. Years before be died he became an ardent ( spiritualist, like his second wife. One of his favorite ghosts was the 44 pretty cigar girl," for though the apparition worried and I terrified him at first, they became at last I reconciled, and Mary Rodgers in her j ethereal character was a constant visitor at 1 his sick-bed in Paris. The Widow Anderson is one of the best ' known spiritualists here. She iB a patron of all the best mediums, mid gives much j money to the cause. I have never heard j who arc her familiar spooks, but there is a ! large number of lively ones from whom to < select. I The issues above glanced at will, I sup- | pose, be brought out in detail in the case, I whose trial has begun this week. The plain- I tiff; Mary Maud Watson, will be represented ! in the trial by ex-Judge Curtis and Lowery, Stone and Aoerbach. Ex-Judge Porter was ! to have appeared also, but his illness pre- I vents. Joseph A. Chuate and Arnour, I Bitch and Woodford will appear for the i defendants, who stand for John C. Ander- ! Bon, the executor. I have applied in vain to counsel for facts and a hint to the line of attack and defence. Perhaps they will be able to obtain some points herefrom. 