A Vendeean Victim. THE TERRIBLE SACRIFICE OF A SISTER FOR HER BROTHER'S LIFE. Three women were watching an approaching storm from their cozy sitting-room in the Castle of Theix. When clear, one could view from its windows the whole Bay of Morbihan, on the south side of Bretagne. But now the sky was covered with lowering clouds, and the shades of evening were falling fast. The sultry atmosphere thickened ; big rain drops came splashing down, and forked lightning danced on the white-crested waves. The storm that had been brooding all the afternoon broke in real earnest. One of the watchers, a young girl, abandoned her post of observation, exclaiming : "What a terrible storm we shall have !" Deep sighs escaped the lips of the other two, the elder one saying: "Where is our poor Paul to-night?" She was interrupted by an old servant bringing in lights. They sat down at the table, each one seemingly busying herself with some needlework. One of the girls, suddenly looking up from her work, saw that her mother's eyes were filled with tears. She flung her arms passionately around her neck, saying tenderly : " Be comforted ; Paul will return. Fate will not be so cruel as to rob you of your son, Louise of her betrothed, and me of my brother. Why should we be alarmed? So far we have received no bad news." " 'Tis the silence, Marie, that is so terrible. For three long months we have heard nothing, absolutely nothing. This suspense could' drive one mad. O God, where is my darling son? Is he sick, wounded, imprisoned-" She did not dare to pronounce the word that wouid destroy all her hopes. Marie's thoughts flew to the bloody battlefields, where the defenders of the kingdom were fighting against the victorious republic ; to the gloomy prisons, where they awaited, dauntlessly, their death ; to the forests and ravines, where they hid from their pursuers. There might be her brother, the last descendant of a brave and noble family, the only hope of her aged mother. Madame de Turgis, who was living with her daughter and niece in the Castle of Theil, had miraculously escaped from the persecution which had befallen at that time not only the nobles, but all that were loyal to their king. Until now, she had lived in peace, although her son had taken an active part in these struggles. But what alarming fears, what anxiety for the absent one, proscribed and pursued! But these fears had to be hidden, for in those days no one could be trusted. Friends and ser- vants were suspected, all could become traitors. Only among themselves could they unburden their hearts, bewail the state of their country, speak of the atrocities committed, and hope for the day when all this would be ended. Madame de Turgis possessed one true friend. It was their old servant, Henri. He loved his mistress dearly and would have sacrificed his life for her. He was the only one they trusted. The clock struck nine. Henri appeared and set the table for their simple supper. While he was thus employed, Mme. de Turgis asked him if he had heard any news. "None, my lady. Yves, the fisherman, has told me that the fate of those poor prisoners has not yet been decided."* " The poor soldiers ! What will be their fate ?" asked Louise. "They undoubtedly will be murdered," re- plied Marie. " If only Paul--" She stopped abruptly. Did he accompany Charette, who still was fighting victoriously? Had he joined Sonibreml, or had he succeeded in leaving France ? Vain questions! They knew nothing and dared not ask. Henri had just served soup when the bell rang. The joyous barking of a dog was heard. "That is my brother!" cried Marie, in glad surprise. Henri disappeared with lights. Deep silence reigned, only interrupted now and then by a peal of thunder. A quick step was heard, the door opened and a young man stepped into the room. exclaiming: "At last! at last!" He clasped his mother and sister to his breast. Then Louise stepped forward. He held out his arms to her and enfolded her in a fervent em- brace. Madame de Turgis was nearly distracted with joy ; her son was once more with her. She ordered Henri to barricade all entrances to the castle, so as to guard them from every surprise. All her fears were now allayed. She had only one thought : he is here, he is saved! * * * * " So you will take part in the corning cam- paign ?" Madame de Turgis asked at length, after they had conversed for some time. "Yes, dear mother," said he. "All the sur- vivors of General Charette's followers, of whom I am one, had united with the force under Som- breuil's command. Some of our soldiers held Fort Penthievre, on the Peninsula of Quiberon. The contest at the foot of the fort lasted four days. Nothing had been decided, until we were betrayed most treacherously. Our troops were faced on one side by the sea, on the other side by the columns of the republican army, which ad- vanced rapidly. What a horrible sight, this desperate human mass, whose only choice was either the enemy's bayonets or the roaring waves. The English fleet which had landed us made no attempt to assist us. Some, furious at the double treason, plunged their swords into their breasts, while others blindfolded their horses and precipitated themselves into the waves. "But you-you, my son, how did you escape ?" "Our division covered tho landing- place. We sought to defend our brethren. Some boats wore sent by the fleet, but too late. Only few could reach them. We fought as long as we could. Our rescue was impossible- we were compelled to surrender. Sombreuil offered his life for his soldiers. His magnanimous offor was not accepted. We were surrounded on all sides, brought to Auray, and thrown into tho prison. A few of us could oecape in the general tumult/' : " Thank God you escaped ?" Paul nodded assentingly. ''Will those unhappy men be sacrificed?* asked Louise. " Notwithstanding their surrender ?" exclaimed Marie. "Hoche would respect it, answered Paul. " But there is Tallien. Away with those sad remembrances. How happy I am to be with you again I" " And you shall not leave us," said Madame do Turgis, warmly. " If necessary, we will hide you, so that you cannot be found, even if a whole army came to look for you. It is to be hoped that better times will come. The general opinion isthat peace.will soon be declared. Then the wish of my heart will bo fulfilled." She glanced meaningly at Paul and Louis«, the warm blood running to the cheeks of the latter. " Wo will live united in this spot, where your father and I have spent so many happy days." Paul made an attempt to smile, but the ex- pression of pain that flitted over his features did not escape his sisters's eyes. He kissed his mother's hand, saying : "If your happiness depends on me--'' " Only on you, my son. Therefore, be careful ; thon everything will be well. But you are tired and drenched by tho rain, and it is already ll. Notwithstanding tho joy I fool at seeing you, I would not rob you of your sloop. To-morrow, my child, we will see each other again." The young man ßeemed to obey unwillingly. He paced the room several times,' looked at the pictures and furniture, whioh' he had not "seen since he was a child. Ho bent over Louise's work. " Is this for me, dearest ? " he asked. " Yes," she answered- " mother and Marie have also worked for you." ! "My dear Mario," said Paul. , . He turned toward his sister, exchanging a look of deep sympathy with her. Had she seen aright, or was it only a delirium? She 'thought his eyes were moist. V. . He suddenly stepped up to his mother and kissed her good-night;. He embraced Louise and Marie inoBt fervently, and quickly left the room, as though through a forcible resolved Madame de Turgis and Louise also retired to their rooms, while Marie remained to attend to some trivial matter. Insupportable thoughts crowded upon her. What was the horrible fear that clutched her heart-that stopped her breath ? Was hor brother in danger ? i She slowly ascended the stairs leading to her room. Having arrived there, she longed to see Paul once more. She stepped out on the balcony andsoftlv approached his windows. The curtains were drawn back. Her brother knelt beside his bed. His hands were clasped above his head, as if uttering a passionate prayer. Marie listened intently ; she heard deep-drawn sobs. At last he raised himself 5 his face was deadly pale. He set a small alarm-clock, and placed it on the table. His sister did not dare to disturb him. She returned to her room. As soon as she had entered there was a knock at her door, and Henri, the old servant, appeared. " What is the matter ? What has happened to my brother? she asked, with half- stifled voice. ""Oh, mademoiselle, you alone can save him j you alone eau keep him from going j you-so dearly loved "-? " What is it ? Speak, Henri !" , "He will be shot to-morrow if you do not pre- vent it. The prisoners in Auray were sentenoed to-day j to-morrow at daybreak they will be shot at Vannes.'' . " And my brother ?" " He also is sentenced to death ;. but he gave his word of honor to return if hewas allowed to see once more his beloved ones. "Mathew, the groom, has been in Auray. There he has heard all the particrdars. How shall he be saved? What is to be done ?" . , . . " He gave his word of honor," she'said, in slow measured tones ; " the promise of a nobleman must be kept." "Ho will not break it. This evening he said to me : ' Henri, wake me at 4 o'clock j be careful tb at no one will be disturbed.' I have promised to do it. I must awake him to meet Ms death-the son of my mistress, the child I have worshipped as an idol 1 O God, why did you not;.spare us this!" While the old man was thus lamenting, Marie's face flushed, her figure seemed to grow more erect. She surveyed herself in the opposite mir- ror with something akin to pride. Then she said, quietly: " My brother must not die 5 he shall not die. Do not awake him-everything will be well." "I will do just as you say, mademoiselle. What woxüd your mother do if she did not possess him?" Henri left her. His fears were allayed by the tranquil words of his mistress. Marie felt that there was but one course left. Yes -she would succeed. The moments were precious; it was already past "midnight. She seated herself at the table and wrote a few lines, leaving them unsealed. She cut off her heavy mass of dark hair and placed it beside the note. Then she stole noiselessly into Paul's room. Ho was sleeping soundly, being completely oxhausted after thc exertions of tho day. She stepped softly to his bedsiàH gazed on him with ineffable fond- ness, k»a Bim with a scttrMy pWtíjMfe fotAfli on his lips. She took away the clock and his clothes. Upon the threshold she paused once more. "Farewell," Ehe murmured, huskily; "fare- well. May God protect you " After returning to her room, ehe hurriedly dressed herself in his uniform, and cast one more glance into the mirror. She stepped back sur- prised, the resemblance wa3 so great. Only a mother could have known sister and brother apart. Tho resemblance that had so often gladdened them when children, was to save her brother's life. She went to the stable, and there found Paul's horse roady for the morning. She vaulted into the saddle. She threw a last look up at the walls of tho castle, and rode off on her way to Vannes. The morning sun just appeared in the east and flung out into the sky its banners of crimson and gold when Marie entered the gates of Vannes. ' The town was already in commotion. The streets were crowded with people. Following the , throng, she came to the prison where the prison- , ers of Quiberon were assembled. Just as she arrived tho roll was called. Marie waited. . ¡ " Paul de Turgis ! " " Here ! " replied a gentle but firm voice. , ' !1 I Marie joined the ranks of the soldiers. Her; I heart throbbed wildly. She had taken, her.? i brother's place, and was acknowledged as he. . / The first division of victims, consisting cf seventy men, was headed by General Som brouil. Solemnly they marched along. Marie's companions were too occupied with their own thoughts to detect the deception. She trembled lest her plan would be thwarted. If possible she would have quickened her steps. At last they arrive at tho place where the execution wa3 to bo held. A priest offered a prayer for the repose of the unfortunate victims' souls. Marie looked unflinchingly at the files of musketry before her. The command was given, a sheet of fiann flashed forth. Marie reeled and fell ; a ball had entered her heart. * # * # # # Tho clook struck six when Paul awoke from his deep sleep. In deadly terror, for it was already day, he sprang from his couch. His clock, his uniform, were gone. He seized an old hunting suit, dressed himself quickly, and hurried out of the room. Henri rushed up to him with upraised hands. "What time is it?" said the young man, despe- ? .rately. - " It is too late/- the old servant answered, tremulously. , " Miserable ¡ man, you know not what; that is tome!" , ' . 1 V I know it ; it concerns your life." i "It concerns nay honor, and that ; is ; more. Hurry and get my horse. I must go away without disturbing any one. I wished to see them once more. That was tho reason of my coming. I have given my word to return in time. Now, away, away;" At that moment Madame de Turgis "caine rush- ing up to him. Although they badi spoken in hushed voices, she had heard part of "their con- versation. She was extremely agitated. " What is the matter ? What have I heard ?"? she gasped. "'? "Keep him back ; the prisoners, of whom'he is one, will be shot this morning," ?> . I " My son ! my son ! You must not die ! Your ; death will be mine !" . ' ; She clasped him in her arms as if :to draw him from the brink of a precipice. In the meantime Henri hurried to Marie's room, hoping that Paul could nob withstand the united entreaties of mother ; and ; sister. He knocked again ; still silence reigned. Ho took an old servant's privilege to ppen the door. He hastened back to his master, who tried to free himself from Louise's embrace, who had also been aroused from her sleep. "Mane has gone; her bed has not been touched!" c. - One thought flashed simultaneously through their minds. They rushed to her rooim Paul was the first to see the note. It contained the following : Dearest Brother,-Yon shall not die, and your honor will be saved. Live and comfort our dear mother; Tell her not to grieve fr>r me. I gladly give my life for yours. Farewell, my beloved onesl In beaven we will,meet again. ? . , . . MARIE. . " And shall I let my sister perish ?" cried Paul, wildly., , j ( . . . ' He rushed, away.,,. At the foot of .the .stairs¡. stood his groömj .who; looked as if he ,saw. a ghost. ; " Is it really you, master ? Who was;, then the victim who wore your uniform ?" . ^ It was my sister! Oh, unhappy mortal that I am ! She has sacrificed herself for me." He pressed both hands against his breast/au/ the blood seeming suddenly to stagnate'about his heart. He felt as though life and senses were forsaking him., and then, struck as it wero by a flash of lightning, ho fell senseless. Madame de Turgis, despite her inexpressible grief, felt that she must do everything to save her son. She almost blessed tho tvnconsciôusness that had come over him. After the swoon had passed': away he was raving with fever. Often he cried : "Paul de Turgis-here ! " or again, " Keep her back, keep her back !" "] The same day, Louise, disguised as a peasant girl, and accompanied by Henri and their groom, went to Vannes. The dead-over seven hundred' -were still awaiting . their burial.- After an hour's search they found Marie. Her glassy eyes still betrayed tho rest- less look with which she had scanned the distance, fearing to the last her brother's arrival. ' Loiiise raised the still, cold form-and kissed the lips cloded for ever. H°r remains were placed at the foot of the altar in their chapel, where two years afterward Paul and Louise were united. Many days and nights-many weeks-passed before Paul de Turgis knew what was passing around him. He recovered in time, but what he had suffered was known only to himself and heaven. He was given back to light and love, but-at a high price-a sister's sacrifice.-Trans- lated for the ARGONAUT from the French by Lois. 