kates and nations Br "VIGILANT." bOxikg satjmeetihob. Boxing Day is, throughout AdBtral- aais, rery generally devoted to horee- racmg, and I don't. think I Bhall he very wide -of the mark in estimating the number o£ race meetings which will he ' Drought oS nextv Saturday at between two and three hundred, at "which, pro- btUjraeonjie 6f-thOnbind ' horses will ' compete. In proportion to the popula tion, there is no country in the world where a parallel -state of affairs exists, . Wad. I doubt very , mnch whether-r whwing the questiimc$|mpnlatronrr;Jtiieifi 1 ImraredrawmMnns are'r&1pa one day of the year. Our climate ana national predilections are all in favour of the sport of kings, and to theee facts, coupled with, the prosperous condition of the people, the present satisfactory con dition of the Turf in Australia is wholly attributable. \- Looking at home, the Victoria Amateur Turf Club's meeting will engage the attention of the metropolitan contingent, while farther afield the Wedderburn, Warrnambool, Campbell's Creek, Pleasant Creek, Wincbelsea, Ballan, Evelyn, Colsc, Morwell, BairnBdale, Woodend, and Baarmutha Park Clubs will also hold high revels on tbis side of the Murray. On the Sydney side there will be racing at Bandwick, Deuiliquin, Carcoar, Pater- son, Tweed Hirer. North Bourke, Binda, Pukes,- Young, Tumut, Dubbo, Litbgow, Walgett, Braiawood, Wallsend, Tenter- field, and Byerock. In South Australia the Adelaide Baeing Club holds a meet ing, and in Queensland several small clubs race on the same day. Across the Straits there are meetings at Cnrrick, Brasm Creek, and Forcett, and throngh- out' New Zealand there are racea east, west, north, and sonth. Commencing at home, The V.A.T.C Summer Meeting commands most attention. Mr. Bond tells me that the new scratching board, with letters five or six inches long, is erected, and numerous other little im- Srovements having been effected, the lanlfield Summer Meeting of '86 is likely to prove even more attractive than its predecessors. . THE HUBDLE BACE should go to General Jaceson, Pyrenees next best. 6UMMEE CUP. , lebbia 1 Hilltop. ... ... 2 "P'TE'l'TOW _ t <1 ..i.ij ohy V'.v: S1ATTES. o—ct r. : o 57; I .frr.N-:. .. ) Stag ' ... ... ... 2 Monarch ... 3 Bohemian ... 1 All Gold ,,, ... 2 The Ghost ... ... 3 MATCH. Roderick Dhd. a.J.C. Summer Cap. ST. LAWBEHCE ... 1 King's Own ... ... 2 Bttbbilda ... ... 3 Best outsider, Peeeess. 