A NATURALIST IN BALLARAT. Dr J. E. Taylor, F.G.S., F.L.S., who lately visited Ballarat, is contribyting a series of valuable papers to the Argus, from which we quote the following having refer- ence tothia district;—The, ran way.ride from Melbourne to fieelong. and- thence -to Bailor rat„is,of thegreatest; Interestito-the-.geolo pst. v .Until; we Commence the/ steep. aspent ontheßallarat line all the plains are , marked with- lava, sheets. leave;,them immedi ately,we ascend the . gradienty. jmd the. rajb way cuttings, show' na we are passinjgover. an outcrop of.Lower Sihirian ,rocka.;.They.,are contorted,. gnarled,i. and.,^reguently ; much faulted; for these ancient strata -,have,under-. gone repeated disturbances,'; and have. Been. partakers -■ in., scores :pf ;greatearth-crust movements.- High' as the -tableland ris to which the train bar toilsomely brought us, it is a mere fragment of -what it , once ,was, for it is these: Silurian rooks of Australia which have suffered most ,denudation. - Rich grassy plains extend on the right and on the .left, with BuMnyong andWarrenheip visible .in the .distance.: ■ Forest of .white vegetable ghosts stretch away but of sight. They are the ringed and now dead gum trees, got rid of because of the litter of dead leaves and■ stringy- bark with: which living gum trees strew the . grass beneath them. By killing the trees the grass is improved and sheep-feed increased. . .Perhaps there is no more common-sight to the traveller in.. Aus tralia-than these white, naked fprests of dead gum trees,’and oue feels inclined,to wonder, what will bo : the physical; effect upon - the Australian climate of such wholesale extirpa tion of native-forests,. There is no fact better proved than that the vegetation and climate of a country are closely: inter-related.. It has been proved : over and over again—, nowhere hctter than in the United States of America, in some of which, by .the way, they ■ are actually planting forests of : those very gum trees which are here being so ruth lessly cut down. . ;•" ,-, , ': , I am no croaker, nor have I. any sympathy with croakers: It is infinitely hetter to.haye families aud happy homes, flocks and herds, and all that- make up the genuine wealth of a great nation, than : hundreds of thousands of square miles of monotonous gum tree forest. Owing to her long geological isolation from the rest of the world, Australia, ;as ,a conti-: nent, has been spared many of the repeated crust movements, which the land-masses of the northern : hemisphere .have undergone. The< consequence is that the mountains of Australia are by no means so high ■as they ; should be. They were formerly much higher, but they have been lowered by the denuda tion of millionsof years of, weather action. Hence, although Australia is situated in the hemisphere where, there is a far greater area of water than land, she suffers from insuffi cient rainfall- If we could only bump up. the Australian. mountains a few thousand feet, the difficulty would be overcome. : In lieu of being able to do so, the question arises as to the ultimate 'effect upon the ex- : isting climate of this country by the clearing of forest anti scrub. Now, the real reason why trees , have an effect ; upon climate is because their roots absorb moisture from the ground, and their leaves transpire it into the air.. They are consequently the great regulators of the distribution of atmospheric moisture.,, But it is not necessary for vege tation to assume, the arboreal form to do this. Herbaceous plants, if there be sufficient of them, will act as well—perhaps better. Hence the truth of the old agricultural pro verb that “ Bain always follows the plough” ,7— that agricultural operations operate upon the climate beneficially. If this be true, then weinay hope that the long-continued: droughts of. Australia will become modified. The country becomes more beautiful as the traveller approaches Ballarat. I- was not prepared to find so beautifully placed a: town, or one with such delightful, environs.: It might be a town in-the: Black Forest if it only looked a little, older, and if its . streets were not so wide. The forest-clad bills sur round the. town.; on every, side, the only naked place is the celebrated Black Hill,: whose surface has been -repeatedly turned over in the eager search for gold. As we descend from the lovely - scenery about Lai : Lai .we -discover a .change in the rocks of- the railway cutting. The contorted Silurian strata are covered with beds of coarse,, gritty sand, each particle a worn and weathered quartz grain. This is one of the famous “ auriferous drifts.”: A little further, on, and a little lower down, and we behold the “ drift” capped and sealed down by a layer of basalt, or “bluestone.” The level ground is riddled with -holes and deserted grass-grown mounds—as if some gigantic moles had been at work. A feeling: of sadness passes through the mind as one gazes upon the celebrated Ballarat goldfield, a place whither so many adventurous spirits were , drawn from all parts of the world; where so many hopes have beaten high, ■ and so many expectations were disappointed. How. long must those surrounding hills have stood guarding this very horizon V Here, and there, high above the forest trees, there': rise the unpictiiresque shapes of tall chim neys and mining gear, indicating where deep quartz reef mining is going on. The Lower Silurian rocks—or, rather, the quartz veins which' intersect them—contain gold, origi nally brought up from still lower depths by hydrothermal action, aud deposited (both together) in the cracks and crannies of the slate rooks. . , Such is the geological history of the gold bearing rocks. Then follow millions of years of sub-aerial action, when the Silurian rocks were laid bare. When the weather wore away the rock surfaces; and the rains, floods —perhaps snows and glaciers—carried the cUbris, sand grains, and clay grains, lumps of quartz and occasional lumps of gold, down to the valleys below, there to rest on the “bottom,” or “bed” rock, as the first or richest gold-drift. A physical local change occurs. A flood of lava wells up some wide fissure, and flows down the valley, covering up and protecting the bid gold-drift..- - Another long spell of weathering and waiting, when the old hills are still eaten away by weather, action, and the worn and abraded materials are washed down and strewn over the top. of the basalt, thus forming a “ second gold drift,” usually less rich in the precious metal than the first. Again, there is an outburst of lava, and a second sealing up of the gold drift. Once more a period of rest from ig neous action- ensues and the last .valley drifts are accumulated. But how much and how long the Silurian hills of Ballarat and the neighborhood have been wasted and weathered may be gathered fr om the fact that in places, I am told, the “ gold drifts” attain a total thickness of 2,000 feet. 