The German Government is to be con gratulated on the moderation and good sense it has displayed in its recent dealings with Spain in connection with .the., .Caroline,,, Islands..,,, Apparently 'Germahy will, recede from’ tbe position, taken up ' when . Yap was occupied, arid: waive ~her : .claim r to : ,the Carolines j iff Spain insists-upon,., her; .prior rights;; It is one of -those cases in wlnchj a. strong Power can yield to a, weaker one Jwithout loss,-of honor, 7 even'when; the weaker party is not altogether jin , the right; •'■-But' it -is<'hysno- means clear; .that the. .claim ,of Spain to thiei Caroline' Islands’ is an’untenable ohef lt has be’en customary Amongst 7 -European -nations to recognise -a.,mepe proclamation lof right to territory beyond^sea-providing, it does not conflict with a‘‘pifior claim of any Prinice. Bismabck ;is jknownTto; object to this - - ponstmction.,of international law, |as being alike illogical. and, unfair.. .He does not see why aGovO’rhment, by t|ie mere formal act 1 of- taking possession, shouldTbe permitted' to hold for all :time; / :territory: ■ ,of. which it makes no use, . to, the .exclusion, of- othjer people _ .who , are . * willing ’to occupy it anddevelop its resources for the ad vantage 1 of’the world at large as well as their own; - It-must be admitted that there is'a 'good deal of sound sehSe''ih, the contention,.^tincO" Ohfce vigorous but n'o|w : decayed nationalities might, set’ un "a- najner, titl a , +rf "o ’i 1 portion of thef earth’s surfacef and al though they l had; -neither popular, tion, nor , - capital to occupy ; thef territories ,in,: question... they, ;inight. adopt" a dog-in-the-manger policy and prevent, the , use rby > others;: of what there- is no sprospect of itheir.-ever utilis ing themselves.’ This is undoubtedly, pretty much the position in which: Spain has . stood; in . reference to the 1 Caroline.lslands. ! Had -the-’- Spaniards continuedin . : our-< own day the vigorous;, navigators,and.colonisers, they were two or three centuries ago; there can be no question that-their,ese‘ti-- tlement. ini the Philippines 'would haye;; long ago , extended .to the Caroline group,' ? ;.and ; '.that' / the Whole ; -bf- those' small’ bui, fertile fislhnds . would have; been made •the’ -bomes of civilisation' and;industry. -7rPut ;Spains has-, done 7 actually- nothing - in- 'the : ' j: Carolines,-- if.; we -f,except ./some /feeble)): efforts' at 1 missionary -settlement,’ ; ; which = were due . more ', to . tbe . Christian ’, zeal and enterprise’ of ■ the Church Vthan to the : colonising spirit of the Government or.-people. - --.■The s : English: missionary organisations , have; done far. mpre; in -’many unciyilised -lands ; without ‘puti ting . forward f any claim toV-the sovereignty. " s This"question :bf colonial title./ is-* one- of great importancO t6j.,,77Gefmany;.-; under existing., 1 -! ciir cmnstances.. Of ’ all the nations “ of; ’,Europe-the;English and Germans mul tiply th.e-most rapidly, and;! haye .‘cpn-f seqiiently the greatest need-’ for roomf for. expansion. ;The-insular.-p6ation- qf- early addictidn/of its" .inhabitants: to maritime.adventufe.fen-_ abled- 1 lier' ; to'’ secure-:,ffor; heraelf ',' hthe lion’s- -‘share ->h of V-the - ■; waste 5- : jflhces,- .of.. theearth, i ; f .Tiinely.i,''.possession, .was. taken -of vast .‘.regions’, in America, -Australasia, ahjd - South.' Africa' ! w{ijch, were-suitable for, ’ Free scope was thus afforded for the sur .pinspOpUlatibh of‘ the country flooring putjyard tq- regions, where the climatic, conditions were favorable to building-up new.Britains,-beyond, the -seal'd ennauy , -as been'/’- differentlycircumstanced.’j Until 7 ; recently /.; Her 7'whole: -national energy.has been ■‘devoted J. to J - 'resisting’ the powerful' Celtic 'and Sclavonic races , which hemmed lier in, and it,is only,in the present generation that’’ she Has; been able to obtain absolute security: through the unification iof J the nation.; Now that she cah.Viturh’ her attert-l tibfl to , 'th'e regions; .-beyond sea, a natural desire: ; has; sprung up to see thes.! stream f of:/German: emigration diverted,, from r the places . where the; emigrants'.areabsorbed in an'. 1 English speaking population, and made to build up transmarine -empires -for l ' Gerinany 'as rlth’e .’,British.‘ emigrants,-: haveV'dohe, for their mother country. This : pat riotic:aspiration -deserves / the sym pathy _ pfEnglishmen.. and , English colonists. There are, unfortunately, ‘difficulties in -the -way.of. its realisa tion. All. the territories’-'in thatem peratei,regionswhere: the ■. Teutonic race can’ thrive, ;have -been occupied, and) the .German. colonial ;'expansion m'pyement.4 : has‘ beeri perforce -limited to - tropical .regions.:, Tt: goes 1, without saying, . that;:-'-New- _ Guinea and thfe"” Camerpqns,.;,cannever "be,; be-, cupied by a German population, as Australasia,’ Canada, 1 : andi thfe'-Cape' are 1 only-'at the- best';be posSeSsioris-in -whichLa-fdw^GerinaW^'may.dii^tithe -'‘l If lab||i of sdpb It i^^t~ nawal shonia to feren svmK second|rate‘|!<»l6m«||Ja reigtfity ''Wch by Spain to the Caroline Islands. Ignoring such claun3, howeyer, wonld ' strong' helping them selves the weak. The territory-o£mo:natiomwouldrbersafgdf it were liable to’ seizure on the groujnd pf-non-usage,''the appropriator constitute inghimselfQudge in his own Worse results ■would -flow- from thejiappUtration' Piihrcß, 1 ijreinedy.tfiah: the,eyii.against which jhe todearix that--apparently <■ not ms theory.l’intthejj|re ‘sent 'dispute >t with ; ,Spain;. surmised that the' object ! in ’ annexing •.^Ke’.€^lineB > .’W9s 1 i!l6 : the * islands';? for- .plantations ! jin ■ New .’Guinea v and Nejy;. e .are’;, ’not/' j’ustified, , however,' in!) as suming iiithat rvin-J such.';.icase-'/- there jwai 'any intehtibh’.tp'fqrcijjly .tfahsporb, • the natives.; - Experience has-’ shown itllafcvth.e -worst of the traffic disclose themselves wlien' recruiting’.; takes .place in; islands not 'uider the;'control of ..a civilised, Powjer. It may' ; against Spain .that she left her .". nominal possessions in ihe Caroline 'group” so completely, in.the condition -of ' Unclaimed: territory.that no, protection wasafforded . td..:the naifyes' against ’ ! man- hunting rajds of 1 the’ Carl type. -;;-It is only fair, to tjhe Germanl authorities to admit; thatiin all probability labor trade atrocities would have touch! more unlikely tb-dccur in the islands had they passed under the Geiroan flag than they hajve been .under :the wholly ineffective super vision of Spain.,, .. 5 ' * | =s=== -I \- I There was, on the whole an im’roved tone in mining affairs last week, both as regards operations in the goldfields and transactions in the share market, and it would seem that further improvement may very reasonably be anticipated, as in all the surrounding districts the people are becoming fully alive, to the absolute necessity of having the local mining resources thorougly explored. Not only are progressiye operations being carried on vigorously at present, but there seems, to be| a growing desire to have a diamond drill at work in every locality, with a to mining development. The introduction of the drill at the Sebastopol plateau is gradually imparting fresh animation to that quarter, and we are glad to note that the leading mining investors of Ballarat East have taken steps to have their part of the district fully prospected. It is the general opinion that the mining resources of Ballarat East are as yet comparatively unknown, and we may say that the probabilities are strongly in favor, of this view. As we have pointed out on many previous occasions, the wide range of territory extending from the far- famed Temperance claim, Little Bendigo, to Buninyong, has been allowed to remain almost wholly untouched, although the operations performed there in old times, primitive as they were, went to show that lines of reef, less or more auriferous, stretch through the area in question. The prospect of having the Ballarat East locality, thoroughly prospected has now apparently been taken up in right on and it is to be hoped that all classes will unite to duly strengthen the hands of the gentlemen who have moved in the matter, the welfare of the community being so greatly dependent, on the mining interest. Obviously, 1 an important discovery, on. either the Redan or Ballarat East lines of reef would give fresh life to local mining affairs and such a discovery may fairly be looked for at no distant period. 'The aspect of mining operations generally was reassuring last week, and to this of course must 'be ascribed the continued improvement in the tone of the share market. Australasian and Eaglehawk had a very large business at upward rates, with sales on Saturday as high as 20s 9d, and buyers at 19s 3d at the close. Australasian are marketable at 20s, but sellers hold out for 25s. Australasian Extended are held for 6s 3d, and Australasian Consols would be taken at 1s 5d. Band and Albion were a little weaker, still they had a good business. The yields on the whole are keeping up remarkably well. The Berry group remain in high favor. Berry Consols on Saturday were firmly held for 1345, and Berry No. 1 for 50s. Berry Consols Extended changed hands on Saturday at 13s, and there we‘re buyers at that figure at the close, with no declared sellers. Madame Berry were in strong demand all the week, but shares were so firmly held that not many changed hands, there being a tendency towards still higher rates. Black Horse had a very' good market all the week, and closed firm on Saturday, with buyers : at 2os 9d and sellers-at 26s 3^. much,! ih.'/demand. v'ißuhinyong Estate are !qmefi[at' FEeeliol|l had h, large business dining the .--week, \- : with : sales;6n Friday!as high as 12s, but therewas a slight.fallihg-off in-the 1 ;’ in ,!; Saturday’s ’ market. f Earl : Beaconsfield had a pretty firm market all. tlie >veek at current rates. ; ... Hepburn Bocky -Lead and Hepburn Consols had a.-little i business-,! Uepbiim ‘ No,' 1. :’i’«l -yainced ; considerably,. and had ‘ sales •on Saturday.-, at • 18s 3d. Hepburn 1 Estate !]! are ’ also showing !an ; -upj ward ■' tendency. They had a 'bffsihess oh Saturday at 16s 3d. : -Lone Hand hacl a good business in the early ’part' ,df j’the’weekj ’ hut were quiet ;.pn Saturday.’: Lord Harry furnished pc cariohal !transactions .at steady rates. Maxwells axe now firmly held for 12sl Napier and New Kong Meng and Bendigo Quartz-have business at times at current rates,. North. Australasitiii had a ’pretty large number of,transae j tions during' the.:/Week,- and changed hands freely on, Saturdays but at easier rates.” j Spring Hill and Central. have keptfairiyfirm,although,\rithoutmuch business in the latter part of the week) Parker’s United are yet quiet, and Ser| jeant’s/ Freehold, Star;, of/■ the East! Sulieman PMha and; Nprth ~Band and Btaffon hkye all been' easier 'during the past , week. Last Chaiide had si little r! busiriess;' ,; ‘on ’ Saturday at Is ■'l’od;’’-’-.’’.-:-New , ..t’N6rth.!.’.’Hoiiiehiishv’''’'.iEW now 1 nii- rhetable' atYs,' ’With an upwaid tendeficy.'" Working Miners’ are freely held, withouti any change in market . value,! and- South'Victoria and ’, South Exhibitions are ’ al so >steady. Wp i are , glad to.note that the. prospects of the Steiglitej-^re f. cheering,, as . auceesß ,of : that company- l open upafergeidiatriefc.n'l^oni'them^^ i ligffnliiili ji in 'them was not much any donaecptonoe last week. localities progressive opera tioSftare going forward, Jbut although thn.pptoects in sevend instances are it : will take some littlptiin* toprove the ground. During the wedr-flift fallrwing dividend-wag declaredMadameßerry, r £e,,is3Qo.;i; 'tsoh The Peshawar wilL-reswhine-BaUarat-Poat-office-by- first train this morning. ’ Yesterday morning Mr Frederick Doepel, carpenter, of Albert street, was found, drowned in a waterhole in Ballarat East.l The news of the sad occurrence created a profound sensation throughout the City and Town yesterday afternoon, and regret was on all sides expressed at the sad fate of an old and respected resident of 25 years standing. It seems that Mr Doepel had W many months past suffered from an internal complaint, and consequent sleeplessness. Not feeling well on Saturday afternoon, the deceased said he would go for a short walk, and as he had not returned up to a late hour on Saturday night, his family became alarmed, and a search was instituted, with the result that his body was discovered jjes terday morning in the hole, as stated. As his hat was found some dis- tance away from the waterhole, which is on the side of the road, by which he was evidently returning home, it is presumed that while running after the hat he stumbled, and fell into the pool of water, and was drowned. Mr Doepel, who was 75 years! of age, and a native of Saxe-Weimar, in Gee-, many, leaves a widow and adult family. He was a regular attendant at local sports gatherings, and his form was also familiar in the chess room in the Mechanics' Insti- tute. The council of the Town of Ballarat Fast having made application to the Governor! in Council, under'the' provisions of Act : 47 Viet., No. 762, to alter the name of that municipality to “ Town of Ballarat,” itjis notified that., any objections to such altera tions must -be lodged‘at the office of lie Commissioner of Public Works within 30 days from the Bth inst., otherwise they Will not be considered. • ■.} The weather ■experienced on Friday and Saturday nights, while rather unpleasoint for residents in the town, will be decidedly' beneficial to -the ■■■ country. On Saturday night in particular 'the' downpour was very heavy, and accompanying the rain were vivid lightning and loud peals of thunder. \- The rain, while iaconyejiiencing many, h'aa ■ certainly had a beneficial effect in thoroughly cleaning the streets. The electrical dis charges, too, should result in purifying the, air and dissipating the germs of mala dies that have been prevalent of late. The bounteous downfall has come none too soon for the country. In the district around Ballarat the recent cold winds and frosts had had the effect of greatly retarding the growth^of cereal crops. The warm rain of Saturday night should counter apt this injury,] Should the downpour,prove ' general,’ ‘ the ‘beneficial ‘ 'influences ’’ on the wheat growth in the Wimmera district will , be very marked, the present month being just the period of .the year when rain most good to the crops. - : The programme of proceedings in connec tion with the formal opening of the new museum of’} the SchooUpfJMihSs, which has' been 'fixed' for" tlm Bthot October next, "has been prepared. His Excellency Sir Henry Loch will be met on arrival at the Western railway station,.by-,-the members of the; council of the school, and will thence be escorted direct to the museum. ’ The formal ceremony will then be gone through, and- Bishop Thornton- wiUjread jah address from thecoiincilof the'inslitutiontoliisExcellency;. An adjournment will then be made to the large room in the new buildings attached to the school, where a banquet will be’prepared. It has been decided to invite the members of the Ministiy, the members of Parliament for, the district and others, and tickets will be' issued to the public atTlOsCfid, with ladies' tickets, 7s 6d. The number of these tickets, however, will be ■ necessarily; limited, and as a good many have already been applied- for, it behoves those who wish to be present to make early application. A public half-holiday will pro bably be proclaimed, and the Militia Brass Band will take part iifthe proceedings. Ad vantage will be taken of the presence of his Excellency, after the performance of tile opening ceremony at tue museum, to request V,i’r.. to pieaenr a number of certificates to’ ladies in connection with the St. John Ambulance Association. His - Excellency will be present at the Liedertafel concert on the same evening, and will leave for the; Talbot show on. the following day. ; ’ We are informed on good authority that’ in view of revelations in connection with the recent police enquiry, steps are being taken to find out'which; members of -the force belong to supposed religious or political’ societies in the town. It is stated that the' object in making these enquiries is to sepa rate such policemen’’ ‘by removing them to, other stations without injuring their status.! The death is announced of the well-known Victorian !spprtingi]wfitef;- ; :-Mr F. Dicker Hamilton. The deceased gentleman, who was the son of an English clergyman, arrived ; in Australia about 32 years ago, and in Ade- , laide he won a reputation as a pedestrian’ and as a first-class cross' country rider. Prior to coming to this country he was as a lieu tenant connected with the Austrian cavalry service.* >HS?spbrtmg coMribufidns to the press'were rinderwie noms de plume of “Nimrod’s Ghost,” “Tout Cela,” and “ Nestor.” He, in the early days, acted as agent for.the..celebrated .Lola . Routes, and he was filling that’positidn when that public entertainer horsewhipped Mr Seekamp, a; literary man connected with an earfy,; buit now defunct, Ballarat newspaper. Mr Hamilton, who died in Sydney, was well known in sporting circles in Ballarat. He leaves a widow and four children in poor circumstances. Mt! is ’.intended Ito: stark, a subscription on their behalf. j We have been requested to remind owners and trainers of, horses, that entries for the Hunt Club Cup, thoßallarat Handicap, the Handicap Hurdle Race, and the Steeplechase close to-night at 8 p.m. at Craig’s, and 4p.ml at theW.R.C. office. ] .The. Turf andHunt Club the best fields yet," and all the arrangeniehts will beak near perfection as possible. Entries for all the other races are due next Monday, ?th£ 21st, at Craig’s at 8 p.m., and the V.R.C. at 4 p.m. j Yesterday morningtliechoir of St. Patrick’s Cathedral performed Mozart’s Mass No. 2 with their usual excellence and correctness! During the offertory Signor 'Modini gave an “ Ave Maria,” composed expressly for hinj by Chevalier Fittipaldi. It is a work of great..merit,,full of. religious strains.and del votiorial sentiments, ‘ the' ‘pathetic * melody being exactly suited to the touching words of the beautiful Latin prayer. It is altogether an admirable imposition..,. Great praise is due to ’ Modini ;’for ‘ the excellent manner;in which he sang the piece.-• We uudeiatantt tliat Chevalier Fittipaldi is com! posing a Mass, which will be sung by the choir of St. Patrick’s-on some special occal sion. i Tiie Nag’s Head hotel was burglariously entered.at,an early hour'-yesterday morning. The thief or'ihieve's effected ah 1 entrance by means of a window facing CUanoory 1—...; and were ransacking some boxes, when the noise attracted the attention Of the landlady (Miss Crow) • and her sister, who were just retiring to rest. One of them called out, en quiring who was ther‘67"and the parties being disturbed, decamped without having suc-j ceeded in finding anything worth taking. The weekly -meeting of the Ballarat Catholic- Young Men’s. Society was held in Library'Hall, Dawson'stfeetT on J the lltbj inst., Mr R. Nanscawen, vice- president, in the chair. There was a good attendance.- One new member was sleeted, and one nomi-j nation for membership received.' The motion in reference to the' alteration . of-rules was held over till next meeting; It was resolved' that nominations for the office, of secretary be postponed for.- a -fortnight. The special! business of the evening, elocution, was then entered into with spirit, readings’and recita tions being abfy delivered by the following! members:—Messrs J’. Shannon, J. Lynch, | W. Corrigan, J. Ratcliffe, T. Shannon, J.j Mullins, R. Noqscawen, and J. Meehan. j The Rev. Thos. Bosehy, M.A., LL.D., ofj Dunedin, preached in the Dawson street Con-{ gregational Church, yesterday, both morning and evening, to good congregations. At night! the rev. gentleman took as his text part of the- 6th verso of the Bth chapter of Solomon’s song—“ For love is strong as| death.” He prefaced his remarks by aued-i dotes, proving that parental,, loyal, and comradeship love at times ’overpowered the fear of death. But these were bat the steps! leadin^to^^^MoM^a^hefsof Allah; Btmm, ai® helwjjjro .of Greece did riot satisfy Wjffldiaigß of/Atamrlfer some higher love. • Iter infferiflpl for religion were .cherolly borto, WtiffnH»«e paled iqlo 'insigriafcan<^.^^oi^we < e(*tofap sufferings of v C(p«jfcN String as|nMkh WW? the love of these?>who drewiheir' Hve from the font of Christ. to live Jfhe rJoypj and of\ ririeri Jiwas.i MBtrorijpaa death, Jbnjt that of tow eloqne^.lawi^».reforr§d ir tp the love jof : God arid]HiirSbn,*ari'd-m-weU-chpBenterri» pourtrayed it to the congregation, who listened intently throughout; Prior to his sermon Dr Roseby announced that on Sun-, dayjnight nextHo ihtends toX addressJairfbw ‘■WOTcUrbf'ddvice' to young men on bdimnha failings, v -•- .v; | The many friends of' Lieutenant-Coloriel Sleep will tbe pleased,-to learn that he is pa . the fair way to convalescence. Though un able to leave his room as yet,'he has risbn from his bed; and while some little time, must elapse before h 6 is able to move about amongt his friends, he is apparently strength daily;/ 7 ;sar;/iD j Mr R. .Tunbridge on Saturday morning' disposed pfa.fine collection of, pot plants, 'consist!rigl tri airily of- camellia's/ 1 azaleas, epacris,' &c.; There was a large attendance' of buyers, the fine quality of the plants offered being greatly admired by those whose tastes’ lie 1 iri'the direction of floricul,-, ture. The camellias brought "fair prices,] which ranged from Is fid to £2 12s each, the] laqiei; price, ..being given,for. what,may fairly, be des'eribedas a'tree; “ -'-‘'-‘o,-. . •j. The old, identities of our goldfields are, slpwlymaasingmwayvT/rThedeath'of another successful., ‘^reeferA’ t at,Stawell, in the per sph/of ilr'WiUiani. Tia .reported; The deceased, gentleman was the fortunate holder of scrip in claiiris on the old Scotch mans line of . reef during the time when talmoat fabulons/.retqrns were the; order jof the day. He was, later on, a shareholder in/ the (North Crpss Ree.f. Company, wlpch for so'hnanyiy'eara 1 ‘ gave] large’ 'dividends. For. about; five 'years- pridr to his death he had ■ been" a' member;'-' of- the] Stawell" Borough Counbily thdugh latterly he'had been suffer ing from paralysis. His fortune; will pro bably be, numbered’. amongst the tens; of -thousands of pounds: - ;‘ ; v 1 ]; j With regard to a.letter we referred to in' . Saturday’s- issue;’ stating-'that a driver Jri? charge of an engine attached to . a passenger train at Maryborough. was urider -'tKe , in fluence- of liquor, we have l made-enquiries, and find that the report ]asto]]the driver’s unfitness to be engaged in at the time is widespread. We presume -that the, matter has been- reported to the Gommis sioners,- and- that "air enquiry willjbeheld. If the rumor is true, doubtless the Commis sioners: will take steps to protect- hnmin lives and limbs; if it is uritrue'rit is due to, the driver, in' question' that his. character should; he ..cleared; :;*cd j ■' Mr Alfred Lester, sen., has arrivecliri Bal larat, and though stiirsnffering froni 'lheill : ness- which confined - him toi:the 'sliip’fori a \- few days, he is evidently imprqved'in health. A number of his' friends on' Saturday con gratulated him on his return'.to the city, i '' ' The postponed meeting' of ’the':BriUarat Prospecting Company will be held this e ven-• ing,-at Mr T. H.- Thompson’s office,- Lynn’s Chambers, at 8 p.m. j :; Daring the past week 143 in-dpor and',494 out-door patients received treatm eht at 'tlle Ballarat District Hospital.- Dr Woinarski will he the bon. medical officer for the present week,’: and ’Dr Pirmock• the hori. surgical officer.' -V ; j ~ “ 1 Of the 953 recipients of relief from tlie Benevolent Asylum last week, 307 were'' children.- .- j X' At the: ! City Police- Court on Saturdayia i man named - James Wilson was - fined - ss ; for drunkenness, : ' and";-5s .fdrniakirig'use" of obscene :l^^^^';^th;^e/]alterriative' of imprisonment, in - each case.*Mr Thomson,’: • -P.M.Vpresided, -vn r.-.\ The, heavy rains. of, Friday and Saturday had a very appreciable effect upon-the stream of water coming down' the, Yarrowee,Creek. ;In’ ! friot,'“iri/the opinion of’many] a larger body of‘.water has not passed- along this channel this season;' ; ! 1 Messrs Jones andTrembath, coachbuildere, of Mair and Armstrong streets, Dpvetpn arid ■'M'Kerizie streets,, have -just completed, to order of Mr Si'Wise,, of this city, an excel-; lent and splendidly-finished ; • three- seated waggonette. The materials used in its coti uio worKman ship and; the' design reflect credit bn the manufacturers.- -The- carriage is;-we are.in formed, the first of ‘ its kind turned out in Ballarat. , All.theifdu.w-orkis lined -aud painted, •andthe w'ood work is well - var nished. . The decorations, - which are hand ;pairited;'-present an' artistjc'- .The trimmings' are] of 1 inbrbeco;] lather, .mid -.everything is quite 'in keeping, throughout. • The vehicle can be used ! as a close 1 or open ‘camage,beirigfitted]with. a.'moveable top'. Messrs, Jones arid Xrembath have also a sirirf lar vehicle nearly-finished for Mr H. Jones, of 'Ballarat East. Both vehicles will add very considerably -to - the -'comfort ■ of. the public of , Ballarat,' for, which purpose they, are to; be'^used. 1 .: The convey; ances can'he'seen tp-day, at the factory. , j , At St. Paul’s Church last evening the JRevl R-; T.] Cunimins! preached to a; lai'gri cpngrel gatiori;' The reverend gentleman took as liU text; John vi;, 6; and. was l attentively listened to., After the usual seryibriri 1 largb number remained fpr.the sariraincut. : j The - city pf Collingwpod'isays the lArgvtf contains a]i>Vpnlatiori' of 25,000, arid ]if is ’ a somewhat rioteble fact that during the first seven.feys-bP-ithwefeent wereTegistered in that snljurb.——■ — j _ the 3rd Bat! talion and the' Torpedo Corps was' fired .at f the local‘butts : on Satrirday, arid 'resulted 'in | a decided yiptory for -the,- reptesentarives 'bf ;thelboal Battalionby 163point3,thesoores 'heuig 777 arid 614' respectively. For ,!tht ; -^v^«^,^qr/ae!^^t made 88] the] highest * score, arid alsoithe top score! o' the day; • while • for, the losers Private-, Heweji ham, with 82, occupied the pride of position 1 A full report appears in another column- -• j —"We-are-informed- that Signor Santainary the well-known, baritone, who for month' -past, has been-associated with the choir c Stl’PatSnok’s "Cathedral, Ballarat, the" Mbs! : cotte Club, and- other musical; organisation,! .is aboutto, return, to his native-,cquntr\i 'ltaly.]]Tlie Signor, who has been-» resiffert; of the'cblohy' fbr about four years]'was edi-j cated in Englarid,. arid now goes home ri order to attend to family matters. Durim his..ste.y in Ballarat, he. has,.-by-his .nnifoml courtesy and kindness, of manner, endeor-di himself to a very large circle of, acquaiitl ances. Signor Santamaria sails iri the Oriatf steamer Garonne brii- Friday faext- " An excellent grbupjpjcture of the winnig team m the - hose, and ladder-: competitio, which was won by. the Ballarat City Fre Brigade, has just-been completed by 4r) Willetts, of the' Elite-Studios,/and] waab'ni view at the Sturt street'shop bn Saturayi evening,'where it attracted- great attentiri. j The photps are beautifully ( finished. Mr! •JVHletts].also had on view.at the BrJge-i street studio, three pictures of the compti-! tors-who carried off-the Srinhury Cup ind - the Nicholls..Challenge, Cup , at, the rbent! regattas, v-, These pictures have been gratly; admired, the excellence of the-work bingi ariiong" Mr ThS”~ ■ tures, which will ',W W ' I !’ r a te- rdiys, - .uc iiu vepresented to the WenaP２So«n/? Club. ' ' - - : . Among the- inebriates''incoicei-itcdh the Town lockup last'night was a. man- iaraed John Williams, said to be a late motber of -the Salvation Army, ;who states spent over 50- years ol his- lEfe inprison. . .Williams was.-heforo the Town Ghrt-pn Saturday morning, when he- was. disiarged, but before night, he had again, fallenbto the hands of the police. -', ;. ■ j In the course-of a. sermon- at tha Gngrega tional Church* Dawson street, last iglt, the Bev. Dr -Roseby said he- believedtle day was coming when men would notmkriheir best talents- subservient- their, o-iri com fort. ; That, day::was far- distant; lienew, but it woe coming, and a free riitiri and . free school were the- instalments of it) ;"X The window dedicated, to. the la! Mrs Eliza Lambert, mother of Mrs W. H.jooth, was yesterday unveiled at St. John’s lurch, ■ Soldiers Hill, with appropriate cereniy.-in, : the presence of a .largo ;congregatio! The \- Rev. R. Johnson Mercer preaoha from Revelations, -xiv.', ': 3:—‘‘And- I-nr 'voto'e'from Heaven saying unto 'mejiVritQ ..blessed are the- dead which - die in -tl Lord I from hencefoith; yea;;saith the Sph that [ they-may reaffrom thep- labors;' ’ajj.their ■ i dwelt-at length upon- the'heavenly oArd- in -for“those,-who try to abrve'Gdfaith frilly^..An,, th'elt, life,., arid .In thdb-brds .of:, .the;]text, -he' said , that'.-rthffarbrks -performed in the service of the towould to Paradise, The about to perpeS' 11 '** H»t parishioners ofSt r .'7* forks during We noble character, ShelJ died in the Lord yT I ions would follow her u ourse was attentively wlj" to. ft was sabaequeirtty announced fhattS slw • and silver coins had been effected: a* f J ta : fi»teLJhe„ongiiivof the report-was i'the fdct thafrone of;the doors been tampered with from the insod C ‘ wS y • rf ‘Tiie'nefr'd^er(^t3^i33tied ; W j linsfe^pear:;-to- .give, general satire * ‘ -ra- completely dSS bright'have to proof; as-on- the constables who were on duty starting work last night thev S ■their copied:thoronghly saturated and nS _W.ear,. Thercoats, no doubt, would be W oiently. waterproof to keep out the da fromn; moderate but somethine™ P than this is wanted for men whose duty m pels them to- be- out in all' kinds r weather. ; - - ■ ....... 01 • ; The:' c ity .firehon- rang out at about i o clock-on batorday mornmg, hutitmrla "tobo a false alarm;; ' 6(1 Our-Talbot correspondent reportsVi.p t, licans booths and other privileges'in Wiri -tioh with the. holding of the Grand lifatinfi Show, on the Bth and 9th were/ disposed of by ,-Mr J. S. Stew* at Lyons’, Commercial hotel r on Saturday ifhr noon, and realised a total of £l"9 l] s i I follows :—No.; t 1 publican’s, £5O, MrlTt™ 'Chßd, Maryborough; do No, 2, £4O iQa M ■James Kennedy, Junction; do No 3 tv Mr G. B. Pearce, dunes. Nos. Vaad 2 \- fruit, . confectionery, tea and eoffee’ and luncheon booths combined, together will 'committcoV luncheon, £52," Sir E -{vT Talbot; -sundry stands, £6- Is; total £iw There-, was a force ■ attendant -Md spirited bidding prevailed throughout. ■ The prices realised are considered highly a( j, factory., ; V; " ° 1 A miner, was . charged at the Bunim-om Police Court on Saturday, with being drill and disorderly, and he was also charged Kit), indecency. ,He; was fined for first offence 2s 6d, and for the second 10s,. and 2s6d costs. - ..." ; A telegram ; from Balranald’ New South Wales, published -in the Aryus. says:— I “At the .Licensing Court on Friday, Permewm, Wright, and Co.', , Limited, through th* .manager, Mr Perrins, were proceeded against for selling ale without a license.. A fine of £3O was’imposed, with costs, iu default two months’ imprisonment. The goods, valued at £3O, were confiscated.” ■■ . This .week...farmers’- excursion traihs-.will run to the metropolis from Seymour, Dayfe .ford, Lancefield, ; Kangaroo Flat, Castle maine, Ky’netou, Tatura, Mangalore, Wyche proof, Charlton, and Marong.‘ According totliebfficial return supplind to the Minister.:of -Defence, the present local strength-of the Victorian military forcesis 4445 men, inpluding all. ranks. On the Istof last month the strength stood at 4597. men, ■showing: that -a-- considerable decrease; has been allowed to take place, and thatfeernit iug is not being-pushed on as vigorously is before. The fixed peace establishment of ,tha military force is 4657. ' Sir Win. Robinson, at a banquet at tie Moouta; on Friday; referring to the Federal Council Bill,; caressed a hopeithat no hitch, would occur in giving the measure effect It only remained for. the colonies interested to -give in" 1 their’adhesion to it. As there was some misapprehension regarding the Act, he reminded'them that it was not proposed to establish a- complete federation, -as ir Canada. . If so, he" would not have been sanguine of success. He would go further, ; and say; that he'doubted if it was necessary to destroy the individuality of the colonies Tt : was proposed in the Federal Bill that the colonies should , take, concerted action oa questions of common concern, which itwas impossible for each colony to deal with, separately. /■ ■ Inspecting : Superintendent Chambers'has been appointed acting Chief Commissioner of Police during the abscnce'from Melbourheou duty of Mr H. M. Chomley, Chief Commis sioner. > A runior was current some time ago to the effect that Mrs Hampson, the lady evange list ..wlt/aouoh a profotiml ocnßation in this city and throughout the colony by her brilliant oratorical powers, had re-married ,°n .her way to England. One of that lady’s friends, however (the Herald says) lias re cently- received a letter from her, stating that therumdr is utterly untrue, and that she had'no intention whatever of ever re entering the matrimonial bonds.' William T. Stead, the editor of the Pdt Mall Gazette , is (according to the Sydney ■Bulletin) about 35 years of age, a slim, wiry, nervous man, with pusli and energy stamped upon Ills brow. The son of a Congregational minister,-he was born at Howdcu-on-Tjne, and at first floated on the world as junior clerk in a shipping office. Asa hoy he was passionately fotid of reading, especially of history. When a young man he was offered and accepted a position on the Sor them Echo, a daily published at Newcastle. When John Morley accepted the editorship of the Pall Mail Gazette he chose Mr Stead as his first lieutenant, and so faithfully and sue tiessfnlly did MrStead fulfil his duties that when -Mr Morley resigned the editorial i chair the proprietor of the Gazette made Mr Stead,Mr Morley’s successor. This position Mr Stead has 1 ever since occupied. Mr Marshall, one of those who voted for rescinding the. umpire’s decision in the .Essendoa v South Melbourne match, has given: notice of motion to revoke the resoln ‘tiou which was carried to that effect. He explained that, after reading COU ? s fJ? opinion, on. the . subject, he was convinced -that the associatipn bad no power to rescind an umpire’s decision, and he hail therefore | resolved to repair the mistake which had ■ been made. Mr- Douglas, another member -of the-majority on the occasion iuqucstioo, supported, the tabling of- the notice 01 i. motion. I " Tbd; Crown’solicitor has been referred to for. ah opinion as to the proper course for the post- office authorities to pursue with regard to " the "case’ of Wilkinson, the telegraph operator, who vwas the petitioner in the recent divorce case. The question as to whether the evidence is such as will support ,a charge of perjury against Wilkinson wia also be considered. ; ‘ The bon! member for Fingai suggested:k the 'House; ofj Assembly (says the f/oonrt- Mercury) that ladies should be admitted: as ■ members of boards of advice, as was the rasa : m schpol boards in the old country. suggestion seemed to be favorably reueiveot and the lion., member for Franklin, spoke in it, pointed out that 1 was competent under the hill for the-.Wj vemor in Council to norrinate ladies as- we as gentlemen. ;-No doubt the Govemor.’ma see that the fair sex are not- left out mi, ‘cold. ; . ; The members of the Council of turai Education have; been gazetted a any Commission for theVpiirpose of enqumjg into and reporting respecting the 0 { products saHaWe —ii?\v iffeandwitlloat irrigation. Tile-mem bers are—Mr Leviou, Minister of Agricnltn (president). Me W. Madden, M.B.A, j* Derham, M.L. A-.„ Mr Yeo, MJJ.A, " Dow„M.L.A., JSfc Buchanan, James Baird, Mr A." Plummer, Mr La- Dow, and Mrtft. Martin, • the Secretary tu Agriculture. Ileceived—Latter-from “ English Cburcimi:'- ;1 - -We have recoive-.t a pamphlet antitleq . Galatian~Lapsei” belnsr a reprint otfstxl*J®sS i livered at thaMehbournc Town HatLhy the Bu P Melbourne,. The lectures have been reprmtw the Daitgi Telegraph by Mr M. L,.lXutchiasa 11 i bourne., . , M.IA. A mejtih(r ; o£ Sie'executivDCOXßinittee or tne - Union for this evening, at T. p i-jock, writh bnanoss; of importance.: lies Thc ; dra\v.ing of the Soldiers. Hill Art-Um place-to,nighk in Scott’s Clyi}.*,. Hall, »t 7.30 A grand: soma! will he held aitcnvanls t 0 ? ,t the- fifth, anniversary: dancing to comm - meetingot the eonimittee?f tlie Miners’ Association will he- held at Hmchclm • Waterkcv on Monday, I-lth instant, at < 1- special general meeting of tho brancli'vm n the amne place on Thursday:. 15th instant,.at to densider wliat step3 should be taken 10 PT- rl0( -, introdactioh of Chinamph as tributors at ’ ya^ 