. ?''?? Jbhni^ay'B Journey. 'A New Year's Story. : SHAiit I begin by painting John' Jay's, portrait ? He was about five feet ten inches in height, with a well-knit figure. The one beauty of his face was his eyes — glUifll| UlUITllj AUlVULUi UJBOj IT1VU WU1UV times such a look in them as those you have seen in those of a high-bred, honourable dog, quite above the', small, deceits and subterfuges of the average human being. He had brown hair, straight and smooth, and a brown mous tache. His features were tolerably regular, but in no wise; striking, except in their expression. He wore the look of an habitual dreamer. His world was not at all the world of the people he lived among. Other suns shone on it and other moons; and ther dreams he dreamed and the hopes he hoped were all his own. .Nature had done her best to make him a poet, but his necessities had made him a journalist. He was a hard working, poorly paid literary hack, living in a band-to-mouth fashion that promised little security for the future, and gave him no time to do the work which would really have expressed his soul. His voice- was singularly musical, but low, and his utterance was slightly hesitating, as ff he came out of a dream to speak to you. And now I have painted his portrait as you might have seen him the day before New Tear, in 1879, could you have looked in at a second-story front window in a queer old house on the Euston road, in busy London. I said a queer old house,, but the house was not so queer aa its inmates. People came and went at all Hours of the day and night in this dingy house. The land lady was a mystery. She had corkscrew curls on each side- of her sallow face, framing it in an ebon frame. She wore skimpy black gowns. Her voice was that of a querulous woman, but her upper lip bore a mouefcache many a youug wxouiau nugas umve coverou, ana her stride as she marched down the Euston road was that of a grenadier. She showed no-interest as to the welfare of her lodgers. They paid their money ; she opened her doers — there the com pact ended. It was a good-sized1 house, and as no one had more than a- single room, and on the upper stories* several people huddled into the same- room, it Had many occupants, who came in, some of them, at unholy houn, and took other people's day for their- night. There were only two of them all with whom John Jay had any acquaintance. One was a little dressmaker,- Miss Benfrew byname — a slight, busy little person who occupied the first-story front, just under John Jay's room) and whose open door our journalist-used to pass so often that he had got to feel acquainted with her, and frequently/would stop- to bid her good-day. She was- what they call an ' art dressmaker.'' John Jay's second acquaintance was a less reputable one.. His name was ' Dan ' — the only name any one knew him by — ahd he was a. cobbler, and a drunken.cobbler at that.. Unlike Mr. Jay and Miss Eenfew,.he seemed fitly with its smell of moldi blent with bad tobacco, its walls whioh seemed always perspiring an unhealthy dampness, and its uncertain floorSj. on which you HtftnnfiH PfinfioiiRiv. wifcli. art nnfin.«-tr doubt as to how long, they would hold together. Tap, tap, tap, went Ban's busy hammer all day long, over- John's busy head, but with the nightfall1 Cobbler Bun, like other creatures of the night, uBed to steal out of doors- and prowl round, heaven knowB where. Often enough, John Jay, working late over some article, would hear him stumbling up stairs ; and, though he had a hearty contempt tor the drunken little man, he was yet kind-hearted enough to listen to see if the cobbler got safely to his own door. Now and then, when the toper had. taken a little more than usual, and Jay heard him fall on the stairs, he would go out and pick Mm up and see him into his room. Drunken Dan had a lively sense of gratitude for these f avouas, and on the- strength of this emotion considered himself a friend of John Jay's. I forgot the children. They belonged in some- way to the house, though nobody ever quite knew who owned them; but they were always there. They were three in number — two boys, and a little girl who seemed to have stopped growing when she was not more than a babv. and vnt to be nre ternaturally old and wise. It spoke well for John J,ay's heart that he was always good to these children. It takes a holiday— Christmas, New Tear, a birthday — -to emphasize a man's loneliness. On ordinary days John, Jay worked so busily that he hardly had time to pity himself, but just of late he had very little to do, and his purse was almost empty, save one ten-pound note, with which he never parted ; and the fire, on his hearth was low. The afternoon was dark with fog, and it seemed to him that the ghostB jeered at him. 'We all have our ghosts — all of us who are past our youth — and at holiday time, above all, they will have speech with us. Only John Jay had no holiday dainties to share. He sat there, in the foggy afternoon, and watched the flickering firelight — and the ghostB came — father, mother, sister, brother ; all of them dear once ; all of them dead now. And then in the firelight he saw another vision — the fairest face, as he thought, in the whole round world. There was. no place which the real Miss Florence Seyton would be less likely to enter than thk second-Btory room, in ttie dingy old house in the Euston Road,, yet his fancy summoned her, and $be fire light shimmered on her perfect form clad in lustrous bilk, on her solden hair. and the girlish beauty of her face, at once, so proud and bo tender. There was a curious feeling in John Jay's head, as if some chord there had snapped, and a kind of vagueness poBBBBsed bis thoughts, so that what .was : dream and what was reality he hardly knew. He had eaten very little of late because of that omptinesa of his purse of whioh I have spoken, and this in&y; KaWJ|ad something to do with', flie uncerta1nW(lhat p'eiva3ed his ideas.,! He: saw Florencie Seytoias plainly- as 1 he saw, tho flickering fire near which she etpod. * .??'??' ??:'-.. ?'Florence,' he said suddenly. He had never called ner thus by her name in reality, and even the vision seemed to resent it, for. suddenly it fad*sd, and ne was aione in ine aampoiu. ruuia, with the Bmoky fire and the tireless mouse- gnawing at the wainscot. It was four o'clock in the afternoon' He got »p and looked down into the crowded,, noisy street. Everybody was so heartlessly alive down there. School' boys were coming home tor the holi days. Carts-, piled with hoMaiy hampers from country cousins, irere tearing along on their way from ilie Eastern station. Bustling people' on foot harried by, their arms full oS holiday purchases. * How happy tiBey all look/ Ike said to himself. ''IM go out andl hurry along with theTesft, .,, He changed1 his coat. The' frock coat he put on was threadbare, out it offered a certain'triboite to the proprie ties of life ; and Jbhro Jay was by do means1 an ill-looSing- man as he went down' the stair and' passed the open doorof Miss Eenfew.. He had tafcen his purse, with all 'the- money he h'ad left in it, and he was beat on making; a purchase or two. The night had darkened while lie made Mb- preparations- to- go out. The street lamps winked ' in' the fog. The wind drove the cold sleet in hit facer and the -noises of tlta- crowded street seemed to- deafen him?- He* presrod on to the Gower street station' a-ncC took a ' Where-are you goiag;mjrmaw?' he said to himself, but aft' the- 8omo he knew very* well where- he- was- going. He got oufe of the trai»- at the- Sfeuth .Kensington Station, and1' waJked1 t® a familiar house in a faailiar-aquare- — a large stately house, glowing, with' many lights. It was the fSeytcn'mansioni- iflje only grand '? Bouse in London- to ? which he had ever been welcomed.1. Hfe- owed his welcome 'there to sone- articles- lie had written 'far an influential, journal on a matter 'which the ESn. We: Sey ton had much) at heart. Mr..3eyton.i having read ? and liked the- artiolesy. sought out the* author, anitasked hiim now and then to- his house. I said in the-- beginning thkt'Wature' had made John' Jay a. poet. Itia-mucb the same, perhaps, as raying; thai* Nature had mafe him a madman. Mr least there could have been -no madder' thing than his falling desperately in love with Miss -Florence Seijiom He might as well h&ve; set his heart 'ouithe- North Star, fop any good ifcwoulds db him. But you may be sure that' Miss Seyton was quite; aware of hiWevotion,. and enjoyed, it?..1 I wonderrif' the candle takes pleasure in burning.- the- wings of the mot&. As John Jay walked towar&lthe;'-Seyv- ton mansion a purpose formed-itself- in his mind, if indeed, his mind were sane enough to harbour any real purppse- ati all. He said to himself : ' If I am admitted to see hen'tonight I will take it as an omen of good,1 .and I! will live on and strusrele. If not ? -' But he did not finish the sentence e7en to himself. As'Ae drew near--he-could: see her shadow on the blind of an upp.er: room. She was- pinning 'something in her hair, he fancied — adeepj-thearfced;. crimson rose, perhaps, like one- he re membered. He-- watched the- shadow for a little while. Then he rang. the- bell. ' Are the ladies at home ?' he- asled: 'Yes, sir; bub they can see.- no one to-nieht. They are dressing for a dinner* .party, to which they must go early.' Mr. John Jay- gave his cani^tothe man who had tikis dashed hk4ast'h'ope to the ground and turned away, andlthe sleet, grown stronger, Dunetea ram an the face, and tfee lights winked: thein derision at himnas he hurpied baofoto. the South Kensington station. When* he reached his-old haunts on .the Eiistoih road he made his purchaser. . 'I will dine to-night,' he said to .him.- self, 'though I Isup among:the shades,!' and he bought i at an eating-house a paper of cold meat. Then he-tasitedia toy shop, and there he saw. in a. window a bunch of violets and vnentiin-for.it. Thus laden- hte- made h»- way.- home. The little, dressmaker's door ?vtaa- open, as usual, . and i he passed) in front o£ it. Her fire wasbright,andsbsknelt-befoi)eit toasting- a. muffin. Foivthe first tune he noticed that she hadigoldsn haio-, of just the same shade as tHati wiich crowned- tha proud little- head! of Florance ? Seyton. Shey. too), was. very pretty in her ' way, thbughi he- had scarcely noticed that either^initiHe-buBy days gone- by when, hifl baarfcaiad his haads had both been so. full'.. 'It's very good o2!'you,'hesaid, ' to koep you? door open.. . T£bui and your tie make the house ehcertul;: ' I'm, afraid I don't do.ib from any such motive,' she aoswersdj. looking up from her toasting;with a-;8mi2te. 'Tho j chimney smokes Borribty the moment the dpor is shut,. bo. luapitit open, in. self-defence.' 'AJIl the .same- yotii -&\- mako? it pleasaater for the- re&b; eiF us, and I brought you fSese- violbta by way of saying thank yau,1' . ???'' JHliBS Kentevx sprangr up eagerly. She lo\cedi flowera with all! oer heart, and above all flowsrs- — viblbts. '?Oh, thank you,!!' she cried, ' said I do iope you'll have a nappy New Year. Will you stay here- a-' 'No; I am. going; away.* ' A long way ?? * ' Yes, a good distance.' ' ' To a pleasant place ? ' ' I hope so. I have neve* been there. I believ*. it is Tery quiet.' ' And you go. in the momnng ? ' ' Ncy to-night. I have my, prepara tions to, make; vfo goodknight, and a happy New Year.' ' To-night t I hop* 'you'll have a pleasant journey, but I wish it were a * I shall not mind the night once that I am on the road. Good-bye.' And John Jay went on upstairs, and the little dressmaker sighed as she turned back to her toasting. She would fain have asked him to Bhare her muf fins, but she feared he had a. soul above them and her. '' The journalist went into:.{liiii 'roomy where the fire he lad left burned ill i!aturedly,and he closed and locked tho dowr behind Kim. He had eaten nothing since. morning; and he made away with his cold meat, washing it down with a bottle of thin ale. Then he proceeded to- inspect his other purchases. He cut the string of hia brown-paper porcel, and . .produced, . furat . . of , allr . a wooden box, from which he extracted a toy village- Tiere were tho farmhouse, the trees, the' amaller ' houses, the sheep with thevr stiff tails, and the sheep-dog: to keep them in order, and there- were tne farmer and the farmer's wife, dressed just as they had been in his own boyhoo:d. Next he drew forth a box of tin soldiers, frag'ile But fierce'' and with the smell of fresh paint thaC seemed to come to him all the way down from the far-off years when he andr his dead brother and sister played1 together. Foor, pretty little Min! How green the'graBBwas on her grave when he saw it last;; ho had bought, for the1 mummy of »girl iSownstaira, jost such a doll as Min- UBefl to play with, and tbis doll was the Hast thing he took from the brown--paper parcel. HW carefully he set a3 these- things out, arranging them to the- best advantage, and, meanwfeile, awakftaing as his heart all1 sorts of bap hazard' old memories, as* a musician striking: ohcuiSs at random awakeass echoes of oil* songs. When he Bad finished tie arrange ment ofrthe teya, he went to a little box, which- he- unlocked, and drew therefroaii three letters and- 'a faded'' rose. Aj deep-Hearted, crimson 'rose if? was, and oh; how full of sweetness on' the night it' fell from Florence Seyton's hair, and she hod smiled as he had pieked it up-and1 audaciously fastened it in his own- bufcion-hole. The- three tetters were frwn her. They were merely trivial- notes, acknowledging courtesies. Aodti'iat weis- affl. For a red 'rose and) thre 'e letters; he had thrown ? his life- away. . lie- Kssed the letters one by one, with a' kiss as passionate,- as despa-irini ? as'one presses on the lips of the dying , and' then threw them into the fire. '. Then- he took the red rose, and pressei i tha* to' his lips in its turn, but that he did'1 notr. burn. He laid that uponi his hi )art;. Be took hiss ten pounds from his otherwise en lptypuarse, and put it into ? n.n onnnvtnna. an&l; Oil the enveloDO he wrote- r The- money Ii i foruny funeral. The toys are for the- children . . And then '. he carefully excluded all the oiater aii '. He- stopped the cracks about the do oriandi the windows, and lit . something in ?&\- pan, and then he Knelt and sa; id' »» prayer — only these words r 'If I amwia ngjimay God, who knows my heart and my life, forgive my sin and1 lead me int :o iest.r And then he threw himself upon his bed, and folded h's- arniB with a long sigh;, as of on e ? tired with the day's vrork, who waits for-sleep. And lying there- in his c lamp clothes, strange visions kept hi n-- company. First it was Min and Ned — his sister and brother of long ago— who came out of their- graves to p ass with hip this New Year's- eve ; an d Min said, ' See he's asleep ?* and N« ;d answered, ' No, he's only Bhamrning.*' Bafc Min still thought he- slept, and v ery softly she sang a lullaby to her dc ill. T-hea it was hi s mother, with her sad, tender grey ey« is, who came in and said, gently : 'jih'y.poor fellow, he's asleep!* and bei it over him, in mother fashion, and kii ssed' his forehead, and ithen they went ouft'of the room noise ?Ibssly a» a shade -w-. i And! then, oh, joy.-of joyB ! she came j — the lady of h iB love — even she, who isleepisg, and fi .'om.whom his soul was never- parted — ahe - was there in his -lonely,, barren room. He heard the I sweep- of her dr ess across the uncertain i floor- and tho tr ead-iof her beloved feet. 1 1 have eom- -,' she Baid, bending over him gently, an d giving him her hands to hoMi. ' I h1 tve^come to comfort you* I must not loi -e you. I did not mean to make you. love me. Oh, my dears my s!»ar I I am so sorry for you, so sorry/ And she 1 cnelfr beside him in. tliie waMing viBior t andilifted his head, which throbbed so strangely, to her breast, andi the glor f oS'her golden hair caught the- firelight, and! he felt her heart beat beneath his head,. and then — was it' her teaaB that fell) on his. face, a gentle raiur? the cobbler , come stumbling home,, less unsteadily than usual, however, fan- two bottles ot 'whiofey came with him. One was his New. Year' b treat to himself and the ' other he designed as a* New Year'» gi'Et to.. John Jay.' What* could he give better than . what he himself, liked ,bes .t in. the ? world ? As he went by the little dressmaker's room ho noticed' that she was- at ill up and sitting, before her fire, though it was long gast the hour at which she was accustomed to put out: her light. Cobbler Dfcn glanced' in at the lonely little figure as he went by» but he did not speak.. He went on up.t» his own, room, left« there one bottle- of whisky and his' battered hat, and same down again to bring hia- offering, to- John Jay. He knocked on the door, but there was no answer.. Hia- shook ii violently — still no TenponHOi Then down Btairs. he went tad stood in Miss. Henfew's still open'dsor. ' If tout dcWs; been open all aHone, perhaps, you know whether Mr. Jay is gone out?' The- little tteessmaker did not think it necessary to- confess- that she had kept her door open on purpose to see John Jay when ae went out, and have one more good-bye before he started on his long jouv»eyv She only said that ehe was quite sure he had not gone out, for he had looked in on his way upstairs, and told her that he was going off that night on a long journey- and ahe had have seen him if he had passed by. 1 Then he can't have gone to sleep,' cried Cobbler Dan, ' if he's bound for a journey!' And with that he tore up stairs again, and made noiee enough on John Jay's door to awake the seven sleepers, one and all. But there came., no response. (And ihen Miss Benfew stole up and stood beside /him, her face white with terror. An.' awft&'ifore- boding had seized her. ^as the long jounwy to be a very long journey, in deed— ioo long for any man ever to make twice. ? . ' Break the door down ; oh, for pity's sake, push ! ' she tried, and she pressed against it with all her poor little might.' Then Cobbler Dan set Mb strong shoulder against it also, ami burst it in. Amd, the room was1 full of the deadly fumes of burning charcoal. Dan dtehed aeroas- it and! threw open the window. Then he and'. Mire JRenfew glanced around them. They 'saw the toys- so carefnlly arranged, and the envelope with the few word's written on it: and- they bsiw John Jay,- with his head' at rest upon1 the pillow of bis bed and his- bands folded upon his- breast. But they could notf see the vision that kept ; him- companyi--the children that came out of the paste and out/ off their graves to1 play with him ; the* sadLeyed mother; the radiant, golden head1 of the latest comer — all these companions' of his journey,- ofj sucfe substance- a» dreams are made of, were invisible- to them, and soon they had put tfoenralli to flight. 'Was it in cruelty or in mercy that they brought John Jay back- front his long journey. But when he- opened his* eyes ? again;. he gazed arouncb as one who knowB*not- where he is; and he babbled1 wordoto which the two who watched beside Mm could attach no meaning. In the mom ing the doctor came, and his verdict was 'brain fever.' And he said ''thV Ichareoftl business' — as he called- it — - i was part of the disease ; no man in his* iright mind ever dreamed of suicide: ? It was a hard fight, after all,' for the man's life. Miss Eenfew brought her work up stairs, and watched over him-all'- day ; and Cobbler Dan kept himself as - aober as a town clock, and watched over ? Mm all night; and between them 'they brought him through at last.'- All through his illness he called Miss -E&i-; few 'Florence.' Oddly enough) 'this was really her name; and though - she wondered how he could possibly have found! it out, she never once dreamed that it was to another Florence that' he addressed his passionate cries of ' love, and'- gratitude, and despair. She -had- grown to love him very dearly in those ? long/days when it seemed to her 'that his -very life hung on the frailest thread; ' ' Be loves me, tooj' she would say to her sell, 'now that he is mad. 'Wlfi. he love-ine when he is sane again ?' That time came at last. It was- on one of those suspiciously mild days in - February, when winter masquerades as spring,, that John Jay came back to the consciousness of his own existence. He lookedi with a sort of pathetic surprise at 'his- thin hands. ' Bird's claws, aren't they ?' he said, holding them up to the fight. 'How long, have I been ill, Miss Henfew ?' 'Sioc weeks; ever since New Year's eve-.' ' The hot blood rushed to John Jay's pale' face. Suddenly he remembered the last act of his J^ ew Year's Eve — the long journey he had meant to take. He puti out a thin hand, and Florence Eenfew took it in both her own. ' Yousaved me,' he said ; ' I know it was you.1' ' No, it was not I. It was Dan. He came to bring you a bottle of whisky. He pounded on your door, and, when he could inot make you hear, he broke it in, and then I came, and then you had brain fever.' ' And you nursed me ?' 'Dan and I. He took the nights and. Ii took the days, and he has kept as sober as-a judge.' ' God in heaven bless youboth,' Jdhn Jay said-; solemnly ; and then he turned Tito 4-n /in 4rf\ +Ti« Ttroli on /I T¥rT*/\ Irtirttwo [what he- said or to whom he cried ? Two days afterward he begged to see all the letters that had accumulated during Bis absence. They were not numerous — a few requests for copy, a tailop's circular, a column of proof of the last work he did before his illness, and a large envelope which proved- to contain an invitation from Mr. and Mrs. Seyton' to the wedding of their, daughter Florence. Over this last he lingered1 a little grimly; then he put it into Miss Benfew's hands. ' She- was all of it,' he said, witih-a Binilo that curved his lips but did- not get as- far as his eyes. 'All of what?' 1 ' dharcoal, brain fever— all of it-. She. was as far out of my reach as the full moon from the child that cries for it ;?. and jet I loved her — desperately - Do. you- know I've thought you were. she all these weeks past ? Haven't 1 1 callodt you-.Morence ??' '~Yes,' said the little dressmaker, and' she- forced her quivering lips -to smiley, and' turned her eyes away; ' Yes, but: Florence is my name, andi I thought' you. had found it out somehow.' ' Two weeks after that John Jay, had got down stairs, and he yw»s sitting ;.by Miss Eenfew's fire, and she was toasting Imuffins, just as she had been en New Year's eve, only this tins© the mufflbs were' for John, and he professadi hitai solf as hungry as a hunter.-. When ho had eaten bis fill- she stB sat on the low stool before tha-ferwkw,. and the firelight slowed, an her. eleam ing, golden hair. Jahn Jn.y put. out his hand and touchediiti ' It is pretty hair, Blorenao,. as-psefcty as hers was — and the same wildi roses come and go in your cheeks. And your voice is as soft! as heirs. Aivd your heart — ah ! I think yow heart has a plnce for me in it,, and hens never had. I believe it was you. whom I loved all the time, and I thought it was. she, because I did not know. Will you be content with say. poos- man's lot, and love back my love, you best, last Flo rence ?' . The gcntlo eyes that '.looked up to mm m tne nreiignt s glow nlled with tears, and the low voice said : - ' ' Do you want me, really ? I have loved you from the first. But, obi don't mane a inistaKO. j?or pity s saKe, ao not give mo your life because you think I have saved it.' Two flrm hands clasped heis then, and John Jay's honest, dog-like eyes looked into hers steadily. - * No,' he ' said, ' I think my fever burned that old, foolish, unreturned lore to white ashes. I am all and v-' always yours, if you will hare me/ ? ? i And, after all, John Joy made a long journey, for he brought his wife across the' seas to America, and there was .?-?, room for them here, and to-day John ?? ?.-': Jay is managing editor of a certain 'r~ New York daily newspaper. Canyon '' guess which?— Louis Chandler Moiil-' ; ?? ton, in the ' Argonaut.' ? : . 