ST. JAMES. (from our OWN CO KRK8PONDENT) A very narrow escape trom a tutal accident occurred at the Railway Station on Friday last, to Mr Oliver Kennedy. Itappearstliat Mr M'Intosh, of Youarang, was driving a spirited horse, and after delivering his load of wheat, left his team for a minute to get his ticket. The horsos becoming frigh tened, bolted off down the station yard and ran into Kennedy’s dray, he at tlie time being in it. The collision threw Kennedy out and inflicted a severe wound on his elbow and two others on his side, from which he suffered great pain. He was immedia tely taken by Const. M'Donald and Mr P. Mullins to the North Eastern Hotel, where every thing, was done for his relief that could be. As soon as the sufferer was able to bear the journey, a buggy was obtained and he was driven to his home. Mr Kennedy showed great presence of mind in getting away from the dray when the accident happened or the result would haye been much more serious. It is estimated thaFover 21,000 bags of grain have left St, Janie this year In future, minor cases will be tried at St James, instead of at Bennlla. It is a disgrace that the Government lias not appointed a local justice yet. Wheat lias been coming in freely during the week, the prices raging from 3s 3d to,3s 3£d, sometimes going down !>’ 3s ‘2cl. Huyors nro vory anxious to ccMm; ( lie louds as tlioy arrive, and I c\ on moot . them some distance down ! the road. • , An extraordinary ghost story is outwent in the town. It appears that on Sunday Ust, at an daily hour In the raornlbg, when the first glimmer of dawn appeared, a young inun rocclved a serious shock to his norvous system, when walking at the roar of one of the principal hotels. On turnings corner o£ lliu building he saw a tall white flguro whieli suddenly arose and instantly disap peared, Wliei'o it came from, or whither it went, or indeed wlmt it was, romains a mystery, and one which will probably never be solved. It is not known whether any tragedy ever happened at tho spot or not and vurimis theories uro suggested to account for the extraordinary apparition, Ono gentleman, however, with rather a pmcticnl turn of mind ridicules tho idea of ghosts and says Unit thore is nothing in it, and that it was only one of tho fair Hobo be longing to the establishment enjoying the seu breeze, which was at tile time blowing, and that she wore, only, well a-dress. 