.-,. By' thaiue- -. - gfi gri.T; MBADBATKnO.oPSCAMPcA l,. ,,. . -d - :. s0rjc j * - - b The first part of thi ftrange story which I f a" aboe "to tell hiapened ome ten years 1en ean ,go I.*s in the-first sorrow of ,y id . ea I o childess, too; and li owhe the grave oblod over my.husband I thought that therm wa, no place left for me ýfi *itth world. '". ' '- "" '.'o:'. , I was rich, yoog ; ad my friinds and t my own reection in the:glass, toldme that a I beantifol. : w s b. Ij b i . .. 0I courseI had mosy:?cqaintecees ; what ride yoing widow has not'- BBut acalnt- .il ,ces and friend.;diffetr idely.: I didne ot cAre for the people" whe aitered and made a m tch 01'mb,t bt-..tOt?Ld, eveinjn the first I dys of my trouble, to one friend: -' . i" She, too, was young and beautiful. We l were schoolfellows : we were engaged at the same time : we were married in the same month of the same year. During the three years of my married life t we had seen little of each other, but when m my husband died, and Mary Clifford wrote r to me tenderly out of her fall heart, I iaswered back her love. She asked me to stay with her, andIwent. t How peaceful were those days spent in her I beautiful home! The house and place were i called Aspen's Vale. The house was many a centuries old. Its . architecture was re- I murkable; its rooms cnrions. It was a ambling old place, and of course it had a I ghost. It stood in the midst of very lovely 1 rounds, over-looking wood and river. Al- I together, it was one of the ahow- places in 1 .--hire. - . I I stayed with the Cliffords for a couple of i months. During that time the house was I quiet, visitors few -they'eschewed company I for my sake. -At theend of two months I left them, comforted and helped, and with many pro mises of a return by-and-by. Cireumstancis, however, too varied and too many to mention, prevented that second visit taking place for a couple of years. At the end of that tirse a great longing came over me to see Mary Clifford again. I most write to her, and propose a visit. I did so. By return of post -1 got a short, but characteristic reply --' "DBAREST IIONDR,-Of course I long to see you, but unfortunately the housa Is ful'. Ie a r It I, it is crammed from cellar to alti lly dnear, I don't wauntto refuse you.- I do long to see vou. Will you sleep in the Tapestry room? for ofcouree itni empty. , dare not put .lmyhbody-cise Ihere, but I- don't think you, Honor, will be afraid of the ghost. If the Tapes try room will do, rome, and a thousand welcomes. Ican put up your nmsid.-Your loring rfriond. Totis - . MaX CLIPPORD." To this letter I made a short answer - .' Ido not'licee ve tthe gliot.- The Tapostri eom l illdobohulifuly. EBxpectimeto-morrow. The next evening i arrived at At~en's \- iale in time for dinner. The Tapesotry ro?m looked charming. I fell in love with it d, the spot, and vowed laughingly that the Sghost and I would make friends. My maid, however, looked grave over my jesting remarks;' it ias plain that she be. lieved in supernatural visitatiOns. Gaiety of heart, however, was over me. I could not resist the cheerful ianfences of my~ old friend's co - u -- ueathb, .my old friend'sry C itl even.ng, retired to" y rom g feelingbr vo b "nug' to en. to my onumber of ghostb hat might coose to visitm. wa. eiid ofd. net ttous No other bed.ron6i wore in thl?. There were a smoking.?zgroog .- ? i room, and a little erl?.-m-el r. .l -Ilrs. Clifford i P for herself, b ft no marioalvAlid. - Neither did e believw es Santicue0 ith uloned Ita faurnit ur dud its julbt' O ged to a bloa og-room-n lsoij s Were dead They aneel Of - aleo h yul deserted . ev_ The fmeso eo ad C"t , eve more central r,,-r '_to0(IUirP nt,--.. - ,of thei Jaa.-- -' Altogether, this wing of' the old house seemed dead. Visitors only came to it out of curiosity ; they paid brief visits, and pre ferrod doing so in. broad daylight. , It must have.been quite a hundred years since the Tapestry room in the far end of this wing had been slept in. Old as the other rooms in the wing looked, the Tapes try room bore quite the palm for ancient appearance. There was not an article of lurmiture in it, ot a chair, not a table, which must not have seen the light of centuries. The furniture was all of the blackest oak, the bed-stead the usual four-poster on which our ancestors loved to. stretch 'themselves. But the curious feature of the room, that which gave it.its name, was the tapestry. Not an inch of the walls was to be seen ; they were hung completely with very amcient and very faded tapestry. There was a story about this tapestry. One Dame Clifford, of long, long by- gone days, had worked it, with the help of her maidens. She had'come to an untimely end on the very day on which the great .work of her life had been completed. It does not matter to this story what be ame of the proud'and fair dame, but it was her ghost which was said to haunt the wing, and the Tapestry chamber in particular. lVarden, my maid, as she helped me to nn dress, looked quite pale with terror. , "They do say, ma'am as Dame Clare Clif ford appears with he head tucked under her arm, and threads from the old tapestry hang ing to her skeleton fingers. She's dreaed In grey silk, that don't rustle never' a bit. ti so thick it might stand all alone, they do say. 'Tis' awful lonesome for you, madam, to sleep here alone, and I'll stay .ith you with pleasure if it comes to that,. Sthou my nerves arn't none of the stron. I4ge,.t. I thanked Warden, however, and astured her that I was not in the least afraid ; and she, with a well.relieved face, left me alone. I heard her footsteps echoing down the oor- . ridor-they died away. I.ws now ont of reach of all human help, for in this distant .-oom, in this distant wing, no poiMble sounds could reach any other inhabitanta of s Apen'uValB. Val. I think I have implied that I was brave. in my girlhood, in' my short married life, eren in the sad decpression of my early widowhood, I had never known physical sear; nevertheless when the Isast of War; -den's foototep echoed out and died, and \- that profbnan stilnesa followed which can be . oppressire, I had a curious sensation. I did not call it fear,. I did not kn'ow it' for * that grim. and pale?faced .tyrant; but it -.mde me nucomfortable,' and caused imy :-eart to hesatirregaolil-. "- - I , The sensatioa wa'.thnu-I felt that I wo 'Motalfneu . . . . . . . . - " Of couse it wai fanicy' ; and what h I tOdOifithfaoocv i ,yt I dottained to.banish this Unoobfor · lole feeling front By mind, and stirring th» fire to a cheerful blaze, I drew one of the no black oak chairs near it and oat downs . atd " Wardea had looked so pale and frightened. I,. before she left me, thatout of consideration. th, for her feelinga I had allowed her to ,leave the jewels which I had worn that evening' oa on thedreseing-table. - i There thylay, a set.of very valuable bril, liauts. There was an' old-fashioned mirror in over the mantelpiece, and as I- at by the pr fire I saw the reflection of my diamonds in th the glie. As I noticed their sparkle,,agaln a that strange. sensation returned; .this time . more strongly, this time with a cold shiver. so I zos oat aloer. ' Who was in the,Tapestry chamber ? Was sq .it tha'ghort . Was that story true, after all I Of couraseI did not believe it. I laughed ohb aloud-u-the ilea came to me, I felt that I was getting quite illy and nervous. There al was nothing for me but to get into beds as quickly as possible, i bt I wasu about to rise from my easy-chair and' pt go over to .the old-fashioned four-poster, when - again my attention was attracted to w the glass over my head. It was hung in cc such a way as to reveal a large portion of the room, and now I saw, not the diamonds, but hi something else. to In the folds of the dim and old-world. tapestry I saw something move and glitter. ei I looked again ; there was no mistaking it- Is it was an Eye, a human eye, looking fixedly T Sat me through a hole in the canvas. Now I ft knew why I felt that I was not alone. n . There was, some one hidden between the h tapestry hangings and the wall of the cham ber. Some one-not a ghost. That eye was human, or I had never looked on human eye f before. I was alone with a thief, perhaps ti with worse, and gems of immense value lay within his reach. I was absolutely alone, I not a ?eal could hear the most agonised cry e, for help in this distant room. ti Now I knew-if I hlad ever'doubted it be. fore-that I was a very brave woman. The imminence of the peril steadied the nerves which a few minutes before were beginning strangely to quiver. I neither started nor exclaimed. I felt that I had in no way betrayed my knowledge to my terrible guest. I eat perfectly still, thinking out the situation and my chances of escape. Nothion but consummate coolness could win the victory. I resolved to be very cool. With a fervent and passionate cry to One above for succour, I rose from my chair, and going to the dressing-table, I olippeol several Scostly rings off my fingers. I left them scattered carelessly about. I denuded my self of sll but my wedding-ring. t . Thenlput the extinguishers on the candles -theytwere wax, and stood in massive silver oandlesticks. The room, however, was still brilliadt with the light of the fire on the hearth?, I got into bed, laid my head on the pillow, and closed my eyes. . It may have been ten minutes-it seemed more like an hour to my strained senses before I heard the faintest movement. Then I discovered a little rustle behind the tapes try, and a man got out. ' When he did so I opened my eyes -wide; at that distance hlie `ould not -possibly see whether they were y Okn or shut. He was a powerful man, of grse height and breadth. He had a black ea.nd a quantity of thick black hair, I enotlea i s.features, which were tolerably Iitf e Pven '4l another peculiarity; amongst SOne rater.° .t.were one perfectly white. off his I -rehead-so white "witi"'LBg'tElt fire- light instantly revealed it to me. The man did not glance towards the bed, he went.straight-,with no particularly quiet step, to the dressing-table. I closed my eyes now, but I heard him taking up my trinkets and dropping them again. Then he ap proached the bed-aide. I felt him come close, I felt his breath'as be bent over me. I was lying on my side, my eyes were shut, I was breathing gently. . SHe went away again; he returned to the ag-table. I heard him rather noisily k ie a match, thbn with a lighted candle beda hand he once more approached the ? this" time he bent very low indeed, SLso tthe heat of the flame as he passed yfore my closed eyes. I lay still, Sgn'iandle_ in band, hereturned to th dresi i-table. Once more I heard the clink ing moudi of iy trinkets as they fell through There was a pause, and then-for no rea .on-thit I could ever explain-he left the trinketi untouched on the table, and went to the'door. SHe aoened the door and went out. I did not know what he went for- perhaps to fetch aicompanion, dertainly to return-but I did (know that my opportunity bad come.: In as instant, quicker than thought, I had started from my feigned-slumbers; I was at the dodr, I had bolted and locked it. There were several bolts to this old-fashioned door, there were even chains. I drew every bolt. I mode every rusty chain secure. I was not ia instant too soon. I had searcely fastened the last chain, with fingers that trembl-d, IBeore the thief re turned, . He saw that he hal bean outwitted, and his savage'anger kni ivo lobunds. He kicked at .the door, he called on me wildly to open it; he assured me t+at lie had accomplices outside; that they .wo, ld so-il. burst the old door from its hinges, -,id my life would be r the forfeit. I To my terror, I perceived that his words were no idle boast. . The old door, secured by its. many fastenings on the one side, was weak on the other; its hinges were nearly eaten through with rust ; they needed but rsome vigorous kicks to burst them from their resting places in the wood. - L rknew that I was only protected for a few minutes, that even if the thief was alone, he had- but to continue to assail the door as rigorobsly as he was now doing for a little longer, to gain a fresh entrance into my c mbher. ' - . L rushed to the window, I threw up the ubh lid bent half out. Into the clear calm air of" the night I sent my strong young Ixtoe. '- elp, ha i-thieves l-fire I-danger I i S I gSo these words over and over, but there was ino response eteept an echo. .My room lookhed into a distant shrubbery; the wausi late, the whole household in bed. ' Th thief ountide wuas evidently making way with the ruasty hinges, and I was pre paring, at the risk of any consequences, the moment he entered the room to leap from the window, wheni I heard a dog bark. SI ismdoubled myries. The bark of the Sdog?ra.fllowed.b-y footatepe; they ame s nar.rtreing down fadlenhrsnches. which railced under the welcome steps. The next instant a man came and -atooa under ithe widom and -lookidup at me. I perceived by his dres, that he was a villiger,,probably taking a short -'Out to his house. . He stood under the windomw; he seemed terrified; perhaps he took sie'for'theghost. He was I not, however,-all a eowsrd; for he spoke. "What is wrng?" he aid. - I '"This is wrcng,"r a usweraed; "ladm in aI vtsvsedanger-extsose danger, Thoer is not a moment to lose. Go iostantly-in stpstly, and wakeoup the house, and say that ,,.Mrs. Crawford, am in extreme danger in the Tapestry wing. Go at once-- at once I" Ispoke distinctly, and the man seemed to understand. He flew away, the dog follow ng him. • I instantly threw myself on my knees, and in ; the terrible moments that followed I prayed as I had never prayed before: Would the man be in time ?: Must my young life be sacrificed ? .?Ah I no. ,God was good., I heard.joyful sounds ; the thief's attacks, on the . door ceased auddenly, and the next instantthe squire's hearty voice was heard. :"Let me. in, Honor I \Vhat? is wgong child 1" I did let him in, and his wife, and aseeral alarmed-looking servants who followed after. We instantly began to look for the thief; but:-mystery of mysteries-lie had:disap-. peared.: The terrible man wit~i the black hair and white lock over his forehead had vanished as completely as though he had never been. Except for the marks he had made with his feet on the old oak door, there was not a trace of his existence. I believe the servants doubted thathe had ever bien, and only thought that the young lady who was foolish enough to.sleep in the Tapestry chamber had been visited by a new form of the ghost. Be that as itnmay,' we never got a clue to where or how' the man hadvanished. Ten years later I was again on a visit at Aspen's Vale. This time I did not sleep io the Tapestry room... : " I now occupied a most cheerful, modern, and unghost-like room, and but for one cir cumstance. my- visit. would,,have beoen thoroughly unremarkable.,,,. . ,,,. This was the circumstance which seemsein a wonderful way to point a moral, to my -BY THE FIBE.-SCCT - enrious tale. I paid my visit to the Cliffords during the Assizes. Squire Clifford, as one of the most influential county magnates, was necessarily mueh occupied with his magia. terial duties during this time. Every morn uig be went early into Lewis, the town where the Assizes were held. One morning he told us of a case which interested him. "He is a hardened villian," he said; "h has again and again been brought before me but has never yet been convicted. He i unquestionably a thief ; indeed, one of th notorious characters in the place ; but he such a slippery dog, no jury has yet foun him guilty. Well, he is to be tried again to day, and I do hopewe shall have some Inc with him this time." : The squire went away, and it came in his wife's head and mine to pay a visit to t court, and see for ourselves the prisoner whom he-was inerested. No sooner said than done. We drove i Lewis, and presently found ourselves in large and crowded building. When we tered, the case under discussion had commenced, bhut a moment after a fresh soner was ushered into the dock. What was the matter with me I fo my iight growing dim, I found myself b | ing forward, and -peering hard. e memory of an old terror came back, thec nation of a couple of hours of mortal a returned to me again. Who was in the soner'sdock? 1 knew the man. He as my guest of the Tapestry chamber obn years ago. - There he stood, surly, indifferent, th his vast breadth and height, his raven k k bair,,and that. peculiar.whitelock flue ck from bhis brow. He did not glance oy one, but kept hiseyes' on the ground. I I could not contain myself ; I ot everything hut my sense of discove .I started to my feet, and spoke. "Mr. Clifford, I know that man; in my room ten years ago, Do you ae ter th4 night wheu I got -the tenioblAfrigit: in ?he. Tapestry chamberin your houose? There .is the ntin who frightened me. I could neverforcethis face. There he stands." Whatever effects my words had on the. squire and the judge, there is no doubt at all of theii.r remarkable significaoae tO the pri-. soner. His indifference lefthipm ; he stared. with wide-open and terrifiedeyesaii me. It was plain that if I: tecogoised him, hd also *ecogniised me. All his bravado left' himn, he mnttered something, his face was blanched,: then suddenly hefell on his knees and cdveted it with his hands.. "My evidetle was rematkable and'.con ausive; and'that day, for the first time, Hercules A4rmstrong was comhmitted to prison. He had long been the terror of the ieighbour hood, and do one regretted the; juit punish mentwhichhsad fallen -on him. ??Y?hat his subsequcent career .may be I knownot; this isthe6ereerit end of a strange and perfectly .:tret ory '. . 