THE TRAVELLER. THE LAND OF THE GOLDEN FLEECE. BY OEOBQE AUGUSTUS SAUL X.—MELBOURNE TO ADELAIDE. So farewell Melbourne the Marvellous, city of towering warehouses, Parliament ^Houses —the new one as yet unfinished—Law Courts, Free Libraries, a colossal Post-Offioe, a monumental Town Hall, Colleges, In stitutes, Cathedrals, Churches and Chapels innumerable, stately Government Offices, multitudinous drinking- bars—of which the sprightly barmaids are threatened with extinction under the clauses of Mr. Berry's new Licensing Bill. Farewell Melbourne, city of handsome, elegant, and well-patronised theatres. At the Opera-house just now that approved actor, Mr. George Rignold, is, with Miss Kate Bishop, delighting the lieges in "Called Back." At the Theatre Royal the ever-green and always fascinating Mr. Dion Boucicault is drawing orowded houses nightly to see, now "The Jilt," now "The Sbaughraun," now "Kerry" and "Arrah na-Fogue," assisted by his son and daughter and a gifted young American actress. Miss Louisa Thorndyke. At the Bijou— be not deceived by its name, the prettily decorated house is as big as our Gaiety—Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr. W. H. Vernon are playing to houses full to repletion a farewell engagement, with a repertoire comprising Mr. Sydney Grundy's "Mammon," and the never-to-be-forgotten "Forget Me Not." To the Nugget Theatre another class of the pleasure - loving Melbournians ruBh to see "Oliver Twist" and "The Streets of New York;" and at St. George's Ball enthusiastic crowds gather to witness the variety perfor mances of the "Bed Stockings" Company in the " Muldoon's Picnic." The Australians in general are deliriously fond of variety shows. They like opera- bouffe well enough. They will patronise a highly spiced sen* sational melodrama of the " World" or " In the Banks" type; but they dote on circuBes, and regard the buffooneries of a nigger entertainment as sweet morsels to be rolled beneath the tongue. And Shakspeare! Well, such tragedians as Charles Kean, Gustavus V. Brooke, Barry Sullivan, Thomas Creswick, and Walter Montgomery—the effigy of the last-named gentleman as Hamlet is to be found in all the Australian waxwork ex hibitions— have gathered both fame and money in the Southern Hemisphere; but that was in days gone by. What the present generation of Australians would say to Shakspeare without a star actor or actress of the very first water in the leading characters 1 am sure that I do not know. On the other hand, thousands who knew not a worn of Tuscan rushed to hear Ristori; and thousands more unfamiliar even with the French of Stratford- atte-Bowe would rush to hear Sara Bernhardt. Farewell, then, Melbourne, city of clubs that are solemn and clubs that are sprightly, but all overflowing with thoughtful courtesy and generous hospitality all ready to be ex tended—from the puissant Melbourne Club, the resort of the proudest merchants and bankers and the most patrician squatters, to the genial Yorick, the chosen haunt of the wits and scholars of Melbourne—to the wanderer from afar. Farewell, cheery and fraternal Masonic Club; farewell, "Mutual Imps," although circumstances over which I had no control prevented me from participating in your inno cent diablerie; farewell to all the doctors, and especially farewell to all the Brobding nagian Banks in Collins-street. I cannot help it. I have been mildly accused by friends in this country of having "Bank on the brain," and such, perhaps, may be the case. But, I repeat, I cannot help it When you first visit Venice do not the palaces on the Grand Canal take your breath away ? At Pisa are you not continually haunted by the Leaning Tower? At Moscow is not the image of the Kremlin ever before you ? In Australia generally, and in Melbourne in particular, it is the Bonks that haunt you, and subdue your sense to one absorbing feeling of wonder and reverence for the power of Mammon, The Bank of Australasia, a massive pile of the Boric order: the London Chartered Bank, in the Graeoo- Italian style; the Bank of Victoria, the Bank of New South Wales, the Commercial Bank of Australia—how many more Banks there may be in Collins street I am incompetent to tell: for these galaces of finance, now of marble, now of luestone, now of Kangaroo Point stone, beset me on every side. Lombard-street, Lothbury, King William-street, London, B.C. ; all hide their diminished heads —they must i_ - before the Banks of CollinB-Btreet, Melbourne. The Colonna and the Orsini, the Frangi panni and the Savelli, the Doria and the Odascalchi, built no doubt very grand palaces ait Borne. There are some very sumptuous palaces, too, at Florence and at Genoa; but these big buildings do not mean money. The banking palaces of Melbourne do. They are so many cash castles. They smell of riches. As you pass it seems as though you heard the fingering by deft tellers of the criBp bank notes within—a sound, to money-loving ears, more musical'than the rustling of Frou-frou's robe of silk, till you remember that the certi ficates of indebtedness, payable on demand, of the Australian Banks are not alwayB crisp. Indeed they become, in the remote "back blocks," after much bandying to-and fro among squatters, "free selectors," drovers, publicans, ana storekeepers, very soft, greasy, and dirty indeed. But they are always sweet to look upon. Farewell notes of the Brobdingnagian Melbourne Banks. I must not, in worldly wisdom, take any of you to Adelaide; for in the neighbour ing colony of South Australia the paper currency of Victoria and other colonies can only be cashed subject to a discount of sixpence in the pound. I shall find another Custom-house, too, at Adelaide, another tariff, and another postage stamp— and the Federation EnablingBill has just passed throngh the Imperial Parliament. I wonder how many wiseacres there are at home who are cherishing the illusion that the Australian Colonies intend, in red- hot haste, to federate thoroughly and effectively, as the United States have federated. Mean while, farewell Melbourne—until, at least, I return to survey thy marvels again, in cluding thy big butchers' shops, thy brilliant suburbs, thy crowded omnibuses, thy splendid Botanical Gardens, thy remarkable Waxworks, and Mr. Cole's book arcade in Bourke-street. A big steamer awaits me at the wharf, and 1 am bound for Adelaide. The passage from Melbourne to the sea is —I am afraid to the chuckling delight of the worthy people of Sydney—neither facile nor dignified. It might not be so very calumnious to call the waterway from the astounding metropolis of Victoria to Wil liamstown "right mean." That is an . American locution, but it is expres sive, with tolerable terseness, of the general aspect of the River Yarra ' Yarra. Did not Richard Cobden once place on contemptuous record the fact that he . had cleared, at a single bound, one of the . most famous of the classical rivers of Attica ? ' I Bhould say that an old man kangaroo of ordinary capaoitymight be warranted to clear the Yarra Yarra, at Melbourne, in a couple of > hops. Bat what the stream lacks in breadth it.makes up for in depth, for the steamer . which is to convey me to the fair City of Ade laide is a mighty ship, and she with craft as huge come right up to Melbourne wharf. On the other hand, the immense steam galleons of the Peninsular and Oriental, the Orient, and the French Messageries Mori times lineB come no nearer Melbourne than WiiJiamstown, which is at the south point of the estuary of the Yarra, on the south-west shore of Hobson's Bay, and distant some eight miles from Melbourne, with which ' it is connected by railway. Opposite Wil liamstown, on the other side of the bay, is Sandridge, now called Port Mel bourne, which is only two miles and a half by rail from the city. The Sydney people, justifiably proud of their enchanting harbour, do not fail to rub their hands with glee—figuratively speaking—when they recall the exiguity of the Yarra; while the peaceful . inhabitants of the smiling shores of Corio Bay, the extensive west arm of Port Phillip, are never tired of telling you that, if all towns had their rights and justice were done where justice was due, the metropolis of Victoria would not be at Melbourne at all, but at Geelong. I have been to Geelong, and like it much. Including its outlying suburbs, it may have at the present time a population of twenty thousand. It will have a popula tion of fifty or a hundred thousand some of these days—say when its local manufactures have been fully developed, when the Transcon tinental Railway is built, and coolie labour* or some other labour, is brought in to render . fruitful the almost unparalleled resources of this vast and, comparatively speaking, un inhabited continent. Then there will be plenty _ of mechanics and labourers and domestic servants obtainable for moderate wages. Then good cooks will abound, and your wealthy friends will be able to ask you to dinner at their own houses ; then there will be a little less cricket and football, a little lesB racing and rowing, and a little more culture of art and letters; and then there will be the millennium, ana the Banks will all gratify their shareholders with a dividend of a thousand per cent, perannum. Alnaschar, itinerant dealer in glass and crockeryware, you are dreaming again over your basket. But Geelong, on the pleasant shores of Corio Bay, is certainly somewhat of a dreamy place. The steamer Adelaide is a noble vessel, well built—at Glasgow—and, of course, one may almost say, well manned, well found, and well appointed in every way. In Captain Lockver she has a gallant and efficient com mander. Likewise are her saloons and state rooms illuminated by the electric light. The Adelaide is also excellently well ventilated, and her 'tween-decks must be in summer time deliciously. cooL The dining-saloon is far down below, with a lofty coved glazed ceiling, and here in the scorching months of January and February the atmosphere must be so delightfully tempered as to render punkahs ana wind-sails all but unnecessary accessories to ventilation. Yes; her saloon, prettily painted, and decorated with panels of fancy woods, curiously inlaid and bril liantly polished, with her airy little smoking room, with its tesselated flooring, displaying the motto "Advance Australia," and the antipodean heraldic devices of the emu, the kangaroo, and the golden fleece—we shall have an Australian King of Arms some of these days, and "Toiscn Roy" should be his title!—with her well-fitted bath rooms, her pianoforte, and the canaries warbling in their cages high up in the cove _ above the saloon-table—the Adelaide is ^ altogether a summer ship, and a delightful one in which _ to spend the forty hours or so in which, when the weather is fair, the sea trip om Melbourne to Adelaide should be ccomplished. But the railway between the pitals of Victoria and South Australia is g actively pushed forward; and ere long, is to be hoped, there will be uninterrupted I railway communication between Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney, and ultimately Bris bane and Northern Queensland. At present itoan scarcely fail to strike the traveller from home that, ludicrously ignorant as vast numbers of English people are of things Australian, the colonists themselves do not know nearly so much about one another as they should do. They are too far apart socially speaking. They have too few in terests in common—at least they erroneously imagine that they have too few. The great Australian newspapers publish daily a lew snappy telegraphic items of intelligence, and a Melbourne journal has itB periodical Ade laide letter, a Sydney paper its periodical Brisbane one, ana a Hobart paper its Sydney or Melbourne one, and vice versA all ronnd; and still, save at the Clnbs and at the Mechanics' Institutes and Schools of Arts libraries, there seems to be only a very slight exchange of intercolonial journalism, and the politics, the social economy, the literary and artistic progress of one colony appear to excite only a very languid amonnt of interest in the others. l oan well remem ber when a similar condition of apathetic indifference among sister colonies existed in the British possessions . in North America. Montreal knew nothing, or pro fessed to know nothing, about Quebec; while Toronto expressed profound contempt for ji i< i rn i_ ■ M am frV,n nn.ahonri xoruutu tJAUrCDOCU yivwu the "two French towns, as the go-ahead western city disdainfully dubbed the capitals of Lower Canada. As for Nova S oi ijowei n, wi, Scotia, Nsv Brunswick, and Prince Edward. Island, the Canadians were socially and politically unani moUB in agreeing that the colonies inhabited by the "Blue Noses" were not worth talking about, or thinking about, at all. I was in Canada when the scheme of federation was being hotly and, acrimo niously discuBsed, and in many instanoes held np in unmeasnred terms to obloquy and ridicule as a wholly impracticable and illusory idea. Yet the Dominion of Canada has been for a considerable number of years an accomplished fact. Of whether that magni ficent federation is a success or the contrary the Cft"adinna should be the best judges. As for Australian federation, the plan for making it a reality is as yet in a very shadowy and nebulous condition. When it is to come and in what form—its latest phase of discus sion being a "chippy," half-querulous corre spondence between Mr. Service, the Premier of Victoria, and Sir Alexander Stuart, the Premier of New South Wales—how am I, a stranger and a novice in the land, to tell: ine gentlemen who live at home at ease in England, who have never visited the Aus tralian Colonies.or, having visited them, have merely scampered through the land, sojourn ing, it may be, just forty hours in one capital and thirty hours in another, have quite made np their minds on the subject of federation. Imperial and intercolonial. I can only vouch for the things which I have seen, and argue from experience of other lands. In nnfede rated Australia there seems to be too wide a gulf between each colony. Thsy are all justi fiably proud of their relations to England; but they ore not, so it strikes me, sufficiently proud of their relations to each other, be yond the droll jealousy which is said to exist between the two magnificent cities of Sydney and Melbourne—the New South Welshmen declare that it is the Melbournians who are jealous of Sydney, while the Victorians as vehemently assert that it is the New South Welshmen who are jealous of Melbourne there would not appear to be the slightest reason for any rivalry, save one of the most amicable nature among this beauteous baud of colonial sisters. But that such a rivalry —taking, as it very frequently does, the formot cross-grained disparagement—does to a cer tain degree exist in tne Australian Colonies Beems to me palpable. Still one need not be a fanatical believer in, nostrums, poli tical, social, and otherwise, federation may not prove a "cure all. Federate! Columbia is not exempt, fr2m., lnj£r" State and inter-civic rivalries of the dis paraging kind. Chronic jealousy,, quite, as comical as that which is said to exist—mind I do not say that it does exist- between Sydney and Melbourne, has long prevailed between Boston and New York and between Chicago and St. Louis; while, complacently impartial, California dendeB the whole of the communities on the other side of the Kooky Mountains as '• those eastern folk. It is tne way of the world and of human nature. Perhaps Bath does not think so much of Cheltenham, or Scarborough of either. Edinburgh may love Glasgow only as a step sister, and Liverpool may secretly think: Manchester a vastly overrated town. , the rivalry between Dover and Folkestone is as old aB the Saxon Heptarchy, and many cen turies have passed since tbe people of Dover have claimed intellectual supremacy, hotly contested by their rivals, over the people of Folkestone. The claim in question does not appear to have any basis more substantial than the tradition that the body of a drowned man was, once upon a time, washed on shore between Dover and Folkestone. On, one of the fingerB of the corpse there was a diamond ring " Bun for a knife!" cried the Dover people. The rimple-minded Folkestonians ran for a knife, but ere they returned the astute Doverians had bitten off the dead man's finger, diamond ring and aU. Should a similarly grim contingency arise on the Pacific shore, I wonder whether Sydney or Melbourne would get the best of it. Among the things which the Wise Man of old declared to be utterly incomprehensible to him was the way of a ship on the sea. The way of a big steamer working her way down the winding course of the Yarra Yarra into Hobson's Bay is to the untechmcal mind eaually inscrutable. Asnakierstreamlnever saw. It turns and turns,,it wriggles and twists in seemingly endless sinuosity. It has been said in humorouB paradox that that famous example of engineering, the •corkscrew" railway through the Simmer ing Pass between Vienna and Trieste is the only railway in Europe on which a passenger can see—so con tinuously does the tram twist and twirl the nape of his own neck. The zig zag" lineB in the mountain ranges of New South Wales are also sufficiently astounding in their aberrations .from rectitude, but surely the crookedest line, so to as a water way is concerned, is that of the Yarra. It has been moBt discourteously and calumniously styled by those who ought to know better a dirty ditch. It iB not one; it is a very river, and it keeps itself as clean as it can. In the direction of cleanliness, circumstances over which it has no control incapacitate .the Yarra from doing much. Even as things stand at present, vessels drawing 154 feet of water can get up to the Melbourne wharfB at ordinary tides and 16 feet at high tide, and this depth is to be augmented. Within the last eight years the depth has been increased more than 2 feet, and ere long the seipentine course of the Yarra may be obviated by the construction of a canal to Sandridge. The deepening of the entire channel would only cost between a million and a million [and a half sterling—a mere fieabite for Marvefions Melbourne. Pending the cutting of the canal or the widening and further deepening of the Yarra Yarra, the noble Bteamer Adelaide crept and crawled along lier tortuous course as though, like James IL, she had an incurable propensity for dark and crooked ways.' Ever and anon there seemed the highest probability of her plunging her stem into this or that bank of the river. Over and over again the prospect of her sticking in the mud became imminent, but she passed through all her ordeals trium phantly. I am growing case-hardened in the matter of ascending and descending Aus tralian rivers. You follow the course of a nobly broad stream up to Brisbane, and of tolerably spacious waterway, the Fitzroy River, to Rockhampton in Queensland; but X have had sore travail in getting up and down the River Mary—prettiest of nameB!—to Maryborough. There more than once onr steamer has literally stuck in the mud, and we have had to wait till the next tide to get off again. The brave Adelaide, skilfully conned, stuck not in any mud. Grandly did she shave Fisherman's Bend and emerge into the open of Hobson's Bay, and bo, leaving the wharfs and warehouses and the forests of masts behind her, bid adieu to Sandridge and Williamstown, and begin, like a thing of life, to walk the waters of the Pacific Ocean. That is to say, at about half-past 4 in the afternoon—we had left the wharf at Mel bourne soon after 3—we began to roll con sumedly. Not so severely, however, as we were destined to roll on our return, for the Adelaide, outward bound, had a large cargo, and was deep in the water. On the return trip she brought home only a very small cargo, and rolled incessantly. Weu, it is better perhaps to roll than to pitch, and better for a Bhip to do both than to be wrecked. Whatever may be the state of the weather there is in the calmly constituted mind happily situated in a body not subject to sea sickness a condition of feeling which very often borders upon unmingled felicity. No newspapers, save, perchance, on a long ocean voyage, the little gossiping gazette printed on board, and in which you may pen with impunity—should you be privileged to contri bute to it—the merest rubbish. No post, and consequently no letters. Oh, the joy of nobody writing to you ! The faculty of being lazy without exposing yourself to rebuke for your indolence, for allyour fellow-passengers are as lazy as you are. All these things you should be grateful for on the free and unconfined ocean; but both sea and land have for me another and the strangest of attractions —a charm almost—in Australia. There comes over you from time to time, suddenly, involuntarily—now on shipboard, now in a railway train, now in the weird and ghastly bush and the jungle-like mallee scrub—now in a weatherboard shanty, and now in a Cobb's coach—now in a coBy club smoking-room or a brilliantly lit theatre—the illusion that you are Dead, that you have had at least a foretaste of death, without its bitterness. Were you alone on a desert island the feeling might be of a different nature. You would be only alone, and nothing more. But here, in this newebt of new worlds, in these crowded cities, or in these wilds full of skeleton trees, you are impressed somehow or another with the conviction that you have done for good and ail with the world in which you used to dwell, and with the life which you once led. You seem to be conversing all day long with ghoBts, They may be friendly ghoBts, affable ghosts, hospitable ghosts; but they all seem to have abandoned their cor poreal existence, as you were conver sant with it, a very long time ago. The dead past seems to be all at once revived, but in a fugitive, shadowy, ephe meral manner. One day a very ancient lady, stately in black satin and lace, calls on ,you and tells you that she used to dandle you in her arms when you were a baby fifty-six years ago. On the morrow a very old gentleman pays you a visit, lie describes a namesake of yours with whom he was acquainted in Lon don in the year 1822; and mentally compar ing the description with a certain miniature which you have at home, 13,000 mileB away, you arrive at the conclusion that your name sake was your own father, who died in the year 1828, and whom you never saw. But the old lady and the old gentleman never come again. Disembodied spirits, clearly. A reverend gentleman drops in. He was a Grecian at Christ's Hospital when a dear brotherof yours, who has been dead close upon thirty years, was in " Great Erasmus." Were you or another brotherof yours a fellow-clerk of a Stipendiary Magistrate who accosts you—a fellow-clerk in the office of the Tithes Commissioners in Somerset-place in the year 1839? You must remember, the Magistrate adds, Mr. George Routledge was a clerk in the same Government office. Then the Stipendiary Magistrate vanishes into thin air. You will never see him again. Here is the polite landlord of an hotel up country in New South Wales, He played clown in the very first pantomime that you'll remember having seen, and is laudably proud of still keeping up his annual subscription to the Royal General Theatrical Fund. You shake hands with him after having answered all his questions touching the phenomenal popularity of Henry Irving and Ellen Terry —and you will never see him again. All ghosts; that is, they come like shadows and so depart. There is, I have heard, a social body of bibliopoles in Liondon of whom Mr. Bernhard Quaritch or Mr. Wyman may be aware, and who are called " The Odd Volumes." Australia is the country where you fall across the odd volumes of humanity. Boybody's brother. Everybody's nephew. The sweethearts whom you have talked so much pleasant nonsenBe to, now grown to be austere dames and grandmothers. The scapegraces and ne'er-do-weels whom you thought must have died at least a generation since have become persons in authority—po tent, grave, and reverend seignors. But surely they cannot be alive. Surely you are dead, and these are but phantoms. But you awake from the illusion when you find yourself anxiously consulting the shipping advertisements in the newspapers to make sure of the day when the Orient steampship Potosi will leave Williamstown for London, or when the P. and O. steamship Valetta will arrive out from home, both noble vessels carrying Her Majesty's mails; you are pleasantly con vinced that you live when you read in the telegraphic intelligence of the Arom or the Sydney Morning Herald that Consols in London have risen to £99$. Excelsior! as to Consols. Resurgam 1 as to yourself. Aus tralia is no shadowy land with Necropolis for its capital. It is a country full of man and maid—teeming with very five flesh-and-blood folk. It is only you who have grown old, and who, in your time, have known so many sorts and conditions of people. So the wild waves of the Pacific—the sea was at first somewhat ferocious, but it calmed down by noon on the morrow—bore me from the harbour's mouth to find a warmer sky. But I did not exult in the thought that ere I died I should see " the palms and temples of the Bonth." These palms and temples I have been permitted to see over and over again.. Life is tolerable without either palms or temples. But I am very anxious to visit South Australia, the 'more so for the reason that many persons at Melbourne have amicably counselled me to abstain from visiting South Australia just at present. Great depression prevails there, 1 have been gravely informed. There is absolutely no money in Adelaide I have learned from at least half a dozen trustworthy sources. We shall see. What is money, after all, hut so much "bullion drossf So while the noble steamship Adelaide ploughs her forty hours' way through the rolling main, I read up a little about the land to which lam bound in the admirably compendious and in many respects invaluable ''Australian Handbook, published by Messrs. Gordon & Gotch. I shall see Adelaide, Mount Lofty, Mount Barker, Glenelg, Gawler, Kapunda, and Fort Augusta, haply. But am I des tined, I wonder, to behold Humbug Scrub, in the Hundred of Parra Wirra, and the electorate of Gumeracha. Thanks, Gor don & Gotch, for Humbng Scrub. It is only 25 miles north-east of Adelaide, and it has gold and copper mines. Where are ye now. Woolloomooloo, and Vegetable Creek, and Dirty Mary's Gully ? Ye little people of the skies of Australian nomenclature, what are you when the sun of Humbug Scrub, in the Hundred of Parra Wirra, ana the electorate of Gumeracha, shall arise ? 