"TWO STORIES OF THE SEEN AND UNSEEN." A new book in two parts with this title has hist been published. It is reputed to be by. the author of ''ALittlePilgrim in the Unseen, and there is not a little about it that remands otie of that brave but reverent venture into-the realms of the invisible.- There is the same limpid transparency of style, the same ease of movement, the same air of weirdness and awfulnoss in the'work. A similar suggestive ness also abounds in it, hints of meanings far deeper than those that meet the eye or ear—a Quality which is so invaluable in any treatment of' what under limitation may be termed the "supernatural.*"' Once and again it contains tlie account of those ''blank, misgivings of a creature nioving-ubout in worlds not realised,' which, if not peculiar, are at least common to works of this stamp. From internal evidence therefore it is probable that Mrs. Oliphant is tlie writer, and if that be so it only furnishes another proof of her versatility. To the majority she is best known as one of our most prolific writers of fiction, but she also writes lustories of English literature and biographies, such as those of Edward Irving,. She is editor of a series of Continental or European classics; and hot content with and not exhausted by abors so various, she also makes occasional efforts such as the present to depict a state of things in'which the action of the senses .is either suspended or overruled, and the condi tions of time and space are factors unknown or inactive. No one would contend that she is the equal. of George Eliot. Still though she lacks her masculine grasp,, her relentless analysis, , her philosophical acumen, and her vast research,- she cart yet easily hold her own with any writer, male or female, for "flavor and delicaoy, for "sweetness and light," at the same time that she can be keen and graphic and vigorous and trenchant when occasion demands. The headings of the two stories—" The Opefi Door" and "Old Lady Mary " — convey no idea at all of their character or eontents. The former of the two would come under the de nomination of what is usually called "ghost stories." Only the reader of this notice should understand, that the term is used in no vulgar sense. No imputation of coarseness either of Sentiment or of description can be laid at the door of Mrs. Oliphant's literafy productions. Tlie outline of things is briefly as follows:—A gentleman returning from service in India takes up a temporary abode in a country mansion not far from Edinburgh. His family consists of his wife, one Son, and two daughters. There is the complement of servants usual in such considerable houses. Busings demands the father's presence in London aftfefr a • number of months. While sojourning* in the metropolis lie meets troops of old friends, who witli forcible _ kindness compel him to their houses. In this- way he fails to get on delivery the letters forwarded to him at his hotel, On his turning up there he finds several communications, some marked urgent along with the telegrams. Opening one of the latter; which wa3 also the later of the two, he reads—"Why don't you come or answer 1 For God's sake come. He is much worse." The telegram preceding this did indeed throw some light on it, but the light was but theforerunner of a greater dark ness—" Nb better. Doctor afraid of brain fever. Calls for you day and night. Let nothing detain you." In the' endurance of intolerable pain and under the impulse of un controllable excitement the father hurries home to find his son laboring under the delusion— as it is Called—of having heard the sobbing and moaning of an invisible sufferer among the ruins of an old building on the estate. Here is the way in which the boy tries to explain matters to the astonished parent, the bed room having been cleared on purpose: " Father, there is some one in the park; some one that lias beeri badly used. . . . I don't know who it is. It is just a' cry. Oh ! if you could hear it. It gets' into my head in my sleep. I heard it-as clear as clear—and they think I am dreaming or ravmg perhaps." What staggers the father is the power of self consciousness, and of self- control which the boy is able to exercise, and the piteous per sistency with which he beseeches him to do something .for the' relief of the being whgse agony had so wrung his young heart, if indeed any relief were possible. Accordingly, the story goes on to tell the measures adopted by -the' man to fulfil the wishes of his boy, the unearthly experiences encountered in their prosecution - and the success attending them. To do justice to the book it would be necessary to transfer it altogether to these pages, because it does not lend itself readily to quotation. It is too much of a piece, too coherent, too consecutive for that. But one or two extracts may serve to show the " trend" of the book, as a geologist might say. On the occasion of one of the visits to the ruins the gentleman is accompanied by tlie doctor and the clergyman of the place; As the sound of the melancholy voice breaks upon the trio one of them seems to recognise it, and addresses it as_ if it be. longed to some one he knew—" Willie, Willie ! Oh, God preserve us; .is it you?" . . ^ "Is this right to come here? Your mothers gone with your name 011 her lips. Do you think she would ever close her door 011 her own lad ? [The voice is represented as moan ing out in tones of ineffable sorrow and appeal, ' Ob, mother, let me in; oh, mother, let me in.'J Do you think thb Lord _ will close the door, ye faint-hearted creature? ' What may. be the writer's object in the publication of a book like this?. To defend tlie reality of apparitions? Not directly at least, however willing she might be to acknow ledge that there are phenomena in that sphere which, if they have been correctly examined and reported have not yet at least been satis fabtorily explained. To avow herself a disciple of spiritualism ? Certainly not; because she not only does not cortmriend and does not con demn the usual spiritualistic manifestations, but she does not even chronicle or refer to them. It is much more likely that she means to put in a word for the theory that human fate is not unalterably settled and unchangeably fixed at the tobmbnt of death. Every possibility of amendment is not then destroyed,- all- the germs of good in a man are not then annihilated; while the material con ditions are entirely altered the moral con ditions remain <the same; this is the impres sion produced by a perusal of the book. It may be somewhat erroneous or even wholly wiong. Eor Mrs. Oliphant- does nob, like an inferior artist, tag her moral on to her book. Her meaning must be gathered from the ima ginary narrative itself. One thing at least is certain. It is eminently calculated to strengthen in tlie reader that charity towards man which hopeth all things, and that faith in God which believeth all things. One single sentence from the story itself might perhaps without injustice be accepted as its motto. ."An old man like me," said the clergyman, "is sometimes not very sure what he believes. There is just one thing I ani certain of, and that is tlie loving-kindness of the Lord." The second story in the book has also its principal scene in the "border- land," but with a difference. "Lady Mary," like " Willie,' represents a restless spirit in the beyond, but whereas in tlie latter people of flesh and blood hear and in a manner help the unearthly visitant, m tlie former the unearthly visitant cannot be heard except' by the innocent children, and cannot be helped by any. The plot of-this section of the little work, if one may employ such a term, is something like this. The Lady Mary has- kept trained and educated an orphan girl as her child, and while affecting in answer to tlie urgent protests of her friends to have made ,no will at all, she has made one, but has so effectually concealed it jin a secret drawer that on her suddenly dying no will enn be found, and the young girl is cast helpless and penniless upon the world. Coming to consciousness 011 the other side of tlie border-land Lady Mary's heart begins to swell with unspeakable sympathy and sorrow for the girl slid has thus by a mere whim predestined to poverty. How she obtains leave to visit again tlie " glimpses of the moon," though warned of the pain she would incur; liow she hears herself loudly condemned by those she left behind, with the notable exception of the orphan herself; how she looks at lier wistfnlly and. speaks to her— as she thinks—in words audible and intelli gible, but all in vain, for no sound is beard; how, in one word,, she pays the awful" penalty of her conduct—is told in language simple, refined, suggestive. The ingenious way in which, what for want of other terms, we may call the terrestrial' and celestial are woven together, the throes of agony she bears by reason of her great love for the girl which yet cannot be made known to her, the sense and strangeness with which the newly-liberated spirit contemplates the conditions of the im mortal state, and many other things, will strike the thoughtful reader of the -book. The last lines on its pages seem .to contain, tlie key of the second narrative, "They all gathered [in the other world] to see the wanderer coming, hack. She was not as she had been when she went away. Her face, which had been so easy, was worn with trouble. Her eyes were deep with things unspeakable. Pity and knowledge were in the lines which time had not made: On coming to herself, however, the; .dark lines melt away from her face, and with a low cry of happiness she says, 'I am forgiven. She whom I wronged loves me and blessed me; and we saw each other face to face.' 'There is no more,' said all together, for everything is included in pardon and love." 