CHAPTER X. — OUR GDEST. ' You ve a fine barn, observed Mr. Maul cverer. ' Why you migh- play King John in such a barn as that ; and do it well, too. And a nice farm-yard, very nice indeed ; with oxen, siieep, norses, pigs, poultry, ana ail complete. I like a farm-yard? not that I know much about such things. I'm a Londoner ; I'm not ashamed of it ; London bom. The birthplace of Milton and Byron is good enough for Fane Mauleverer. Somehow I always associate a farm -yard with a pantomine. I expert to hear the music strike up and to see Toey run on, and all the properties change to something else. I can see there's a good deal to be done with a farm-vard that's never been thought of yet. Great sheep-breeding country this, I observe. I know sheep best in . the form of mutton ; but even in that form not always so intimately-as I could ;vish. Touchstone, I remember, has some interesting remarks npon sheep breeding. I played Touchstone once, for my benefit ; at Stoke Moggley, I think it was. It was successful altogether. I did not lose more than fifteen and six. Very fair for so undraiuatic a neighbourhood. Now therms a fine pig ; if he could only come on squeak ing like that, under a clown's arm, what ap plause he'd get. But I suppose hell be made into pork or bacon as the case may be, and never know the pleasures of public life. A pig ' born to blush unseen and waste bis sweet ness' — no, that's not quite the right word. ? And smelt so ? Pah !' says Hamlet, and throws down the skull. But with all his faults I feel I could love that pig if lie came before me in the form of ham. Like many hnman beings, a pig .is more dear to us when dead than when alive. For this p'm,. however— he'll die obscurely, though not without noise perhaps, and be eaten by bumpkins. I beg your pardon, I meant nothing personal by my mention of bumpkins. They make a very good audience, when you can't get a better. You're fond of the play ? Youth, like the butterfly, loves the lamps, usually.' I told him that I had never seen a play. ' Never !' he lepealed, .with a look of pitiful surprise. ' But how should you ? You're off our line of march here. And th; pillages are so scattered we- could hardly hops For a paying house. But all things must hav^ i beginning. You've seen a player, at an/ rate, and you might see a worse one, although I'll own, for Fin modest, you might see a better, possibly.' Our visitor had remained a day or two at the Down Farm. His hurt had somewhat in flamed, and he had been urged to postpone his journey. He was not loth to stay, I think. But he perhaps suffered more than be cared to confess. He had a light-hearted jesting way with him, and was inclined to make light of his troubles. No doubt, in such wise, he succeeded in rendering them mure endurable. He was in truth an actor, always acting ; but his faculty of investing his circumstances and situation with an unreal air had its advantages. ' I shall miss my engagement at Lockport,' he said. ' But that's no greaf matter, perhaps. There's never been much done at Lockport. A race-week audience. Pit full of jockeys and horse-dealers. Betting men in the boxes. A rabble in the gallery. And very likely, after all, the ghost wouldn't have walked.' ' Were they going to play Hamlet ?' I asked. He laughed. ' You've read your Shakespear, I s-^e. Good boy. But I did not refer to 4 buried Denmark.' I meant a ghost of another kind, that should be more material but often is not. It's a way we have of saying that there is ? no treasury ;' that our salaries will not be paid to us. Yes, they might play Hamlet,' he mused, ' even without me. They are capable of it. But I pity Shakespeare i Twill be the murder of Gonzago, indeed, wiih a vengence !' He limped about the garden and the farm yard, leaning upon his stick or upon my shoulder. I found him most amusing, though I failed to understand all he said. ' You make a good audience,' he observed sometimes with a laugh. ' I should play all if I could see you in the pit. It's wonderful how a friendly face helps one on.' And then, as he walked with difficulty — and perhaps in his manner of doing this there was something theatrical — he likened himself now to Belisarius, and now to King Lear. In the latter case I assumed that he had cast me lor the part of the FooL It was all wonderfully new to me. I certainly thought him the most entertaining and attractive person I had ever known. Kem underrated him; was jealous, I believe, of my perferring his society to hers ; and she was quite ill-natured in her observations upon a Tfain paucity of body linen that character ised his wardrobe. She accused him of wear ing a false- front — what was then called a 'dicky,' and contemptuously viewed as an article of appareL Mr. Mauleverer made no further allusion to the trunks which he had previously said had been sent on to Lockport before him. I have since come to the conclu sion that the trunks had no real existance, and that such property as he possessed he carried with him tied up in a cotton handkerchief. During his stay at the Down Farm he was supplied with linen, carefully aired, from my uncle's store. Still I found Kem anxious to listen to all our visitor said, never tired of contemplating him, and altogether much entertained by him, though she tried not to seem so. She still cherished doubts as to his social status, and disapproved his admission to the parlour and his reception as a guest. To Reube Mr. Mauleverer was so impenetrable a mystery, that the shepherd, apparently in despair, withdrew bis mind, after awhile, from all consideration of the subject, and sought his sheep as prefer able society, on the score of their superior in telligibility. Indeed, by the farm servants generally the actor was pronounced a ' a queer quist,' and there, as they cxpres5ed it, '* Jet bide.' By my uncle and my mother Mr. Mauleverer had been besought to stay in simple kindliness and good faith. It was sufficient for them that he was hurt and needed rest. There had been no questions of withholding hospitality from Mr. Msuleverer by reasons of his profession. The Down Farm was almost without prejudice on the subject of plays and players. Our district was too secluded, and its inhabitants too dispersed, for shilling com panies ever to visit us, even on their way to more profitable neighbourhoods. Some vague belief that acting was an ' idle calling,' no doubt we held — but not very firmly, on account of our want of absolute knowledge and ex perience on the subjeet. Probably had choice been possible, my mother and my uncle would both have preferred their guest's following some other profession ; but scarcely for a better reason than that in such wise he would have been a more comprehensible person to them. My uncle in times long past had once or twice visited London, and had seen a p'.ay or two acted ; but of these exehibitions he preserved but faint memories. Sj, altogether, Mr. Mauleverer's position was somewhat that of a mariner wrecked upon an island of friendly and innocent natives. He was to them as a creature from another planet. They were content to bind his wounds, help and welcome him to the utmost of their power, and to pre sisit in hospitable offices so long as he made them no ungenerous return. He was very strange, perplexing, and amazing to them ; yet yet he interested and amused them, in spite of themselves, and so, while he abode with them, was assured of haandsaine treat ment. (To be continued. ) 