INTERCOLONIAL. IlltOai OUR OWN C01lHl.Sl'ONI>Ii.NI'ä. NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, March 12. A shocking to agely occurred in Coonamble gaol this you mug in one of the cells, in which were a prisoner named Angel, sentenced to fourteen niipiisonnientfoi cattlestealing, mel limestone, a prisoner in notes When he was ey White entered to clean the cell the two on south l waited upon him, knocked him down, anltookhiaiovolvoi from linen 1 in key White, when down, calle 1 aloud, when Mitchell, v warder, hearing the scullin, i rushed to the scene. The prisoner Angel then took the revolver from Him stone and beloved Mitchell to approach the warder however, advanced, when Angel lite 1, the bullet entering Mitchell's left breast just below the heart, going right through his body and out at the back Mitchell then fell, when the two prisoners and their escape, and are now at large armed with the captured revolver The police are searching in all directions for the ci man Mrs A banquet was given at Dubbo to-night to Sir Patrick Jennings by his constituents, at which Messrs Dalley, Cohen, and Dibbs wore a cat nt, and also several members of I'm lia ment The toast of the Ministry was well received Mr Dalley, in responding, made an effective speech Mr Dibbs, the Colonial Treasurer, who also responded to the teat of the Ministry, said the event of the colony so far in the present year had gone has been found to be equal to the expectations formed in November last. the Sydney Liedertafel gave a concert at llioLxlubition building to night bcfüioalaige and brilliant assemblage IM per David's symphonic ode, " I'lio Dcsci f," was sung with splendid effect Several news songs were also sung, in addition to Handel's hugo, arranged for chorus and orchestra, by Herr Max Vogrich, the conductor The following is the team selected to score sent Australia in the match against the Bullish Eleven, commencing on Saturday next -A. flannel man, Blackburn, Connor, G Giffen, Garrett, Horan Jones, McDonnell, Palmer, Spofforth, and Iruinblc Emergencies M Shane and Evans The Californian mail steamer Australia, arrived here at midnight, with George Augustus Sala on board SYDNEY, March 18 Mr Sala is going to Melbourne, where he commences his lecturing tour in Australia He has at lived in excellent health and spirits The Mayor of Sydney (Alderman Playfair visited Mr Sala on board the Australia this morning, and Mr Sala returned the mayor's visit at the Town Hall this afternoon, when Mr Sala's health was enthusiastically drunk Walter Mitchell, who was shot by a prisoner in Coonamble gaol yesterday morning died early this morning The police are still out tracking the escaped prisoners A very melancholy part of the tragedy is that Mitchell's wife was lying,? unconscious from typhoid fever next to the room in which be died the Hon W B Dalley, Acting Colonial Secretary, returned from Dubbo early this morning, with Messrs Dibbs and Cohen Mr Dalley has received the following cable grain from the Agent General, dated London, 12th March -- The lines in a leader to-day speaking of the offer of troops by the Australian colonies, says - the action of the colonies in this matter has been entirely admirable all through, and nothing has been done or said, or left undone or unsaid, on their part which friends of the Empire would wish otherwise than it is Then spent icons rally round the mother country at one of the crises which dis tin-dish true friendship from false gives the he to many confe'up'ibIe thoora s and mean speculations unfortunately current among,; ourselves " The Hon F A Wright, Minister for Works, returned from Melbourne yesterday, the Victorian Government having placed a special train at traditional The libel action, M klhono v proprietors of the I'irmnj Wipe, which has lasted throughout the week, was conducted in the Banco Court this evening. The jury, after two hours de- liberation, returned a unanimous verdict for the defendant the Goulburn autumn race meeting com- menced yesterday The result was fine, but the attendance was small. The various events resulted as follow : Shorts Handicap.-Sainorn, 1; Harold, 2; Finesse, 3, Won by half a length. Time, 1min. 17sec. Autumn Handicap. Merlin, 9st. 8lb., 1; Thakombau, 7st. 10lb., 2; Raleigh, 8st. 4lb., 3. Seven horses started. Merlin won easily. Time, 2min. 10sec. Selling Plate.- Deception, 1 ; Terminus, 2 j Hippy, 3. Won easily. Time, 2min. 5sec. Ladies' Mile Raven, 1 ; King Arthur, 2; Tattoo, 1. The Goulburn races were continued to-day, with the following results : Flying Handicap. Right Bower, 1 ; Zuleika, 2 ; Finesse, 3. Novel Selling Race. Harold, 1; Uncle Ned, 2; Hippy, 3. Town Plate.-Thakombair,'! | Balmoral, 2; Happy Jack, 3. Won easily. Time, 2min. . closed. Grand Stand Handicap,-Uncb Ned, 1; Ajax, 2 j Tattoo, 3. Forced Handicap.-Dccei tion, 1; Raven, 2 ; Happy Jack, 3. The weather to-day has been fine and clear. Arrived : Egmont and Katoomba, steamers, from Brisbane; Alexandra, s., from Normanton ; Moreton, s., from Warrnambool. Sailed : Rockton, s-, for Adelaide ; Egmont, I s., for Brisbane ; H.M.S. Undine for a cruise. VICTORIA. Mlll.ltouitXK, March 12. At a special meeting of the Cabinet, held yesterday, various matters of urgency, including one or two connected with the defences of the colony, came under consideration. The Government do not think it desirable that the decisions arrived at relative to the defences of the colony, or any steps that are to be taken for placing them in a state of preparation for all emergencies, should he made known through the Press. The Premier stated that he intended witholding all information on this subject, for the present at all event" About fifty bootmakers are out on strike from several establishments at Collingwood. A dispute has arisen on the question of employing non-union men. The union men are objecting to it, and manufacturers are contending that according to the recent settlement they have right to employ non-union men so long as they pay union wages. The boot manufacturers generally have closed their shops against the men who have gone out on strike, having resolved not to employ them. The Premier during the past two days has been in communication with the Premiers of the other colonies on the subject of sending a united Australian contingent to assist in the proposed autumn campaign in the Soudan. The views of the other colonies have been ascertained, and Mr. Service states they are inclined to defer making any definite proposals or taking any active steps in the matter until they are in possession of further inform you from their Agents-General relative to the inter- view between them and the Imperial authorities. It is probable, therefore, that the whole matter will stand in abeyance for the present, MKUiniJHNU March 18 A numerously attended meeting of cm player") of labour was held this afternoon, and the following resolution was carried This meeting recognising the unanimous action amongst all employers of labour in matters of common interest, and having had proposals for the attainment of such unanimity laid before to approve of the same, and now forms itself into a union, to be called the Victorian Employers' Union." Rules were adopted, and a provisional committee appointed. A meeting of shareholders in the firm of George Robertson and Co, Limited, book sellers and stationers, was held to-day to consider a proposal to voluntarily wind-up the company. Mr. George Robertson, the managing director, who presided, said that in consequence of certain difficulties which had arisen in the depths of the business he had the full consent of the directors to offer to repurchase the concern by the payment to the shareholders of 20s. per share, the amount paid up, with la. added, the repurchase to be made on the 6th April. There were charges under the present system which militated against the success he had anticipated for the company, and he wished to resume possession of the business rather than any of the shareholders should bullets disappointment. A resolution was carried to wind up the company. Another motion was also passed for the appointment of a liquidator, who was empowered to dispose of the property to Mr. George Robertson on the terms named by him, The vital statistics of Melbourne and suburbs for the year lb'Si appear in to- night's Gazette. The estimated population of the district, having a radius of ten miles from the General Post Office, is 322, )0. The following are the acceptances for the Elsternwick Park Cup: Grace Darling, The Ghost, Ironmaster, Amelia, Victoria, Meteor, Alphabet, Lavington, Salvo, The Bohemian, Biihicuo, Gohanna, Mentmore, Miles, Marie Louise, and Yellow Hammer. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, March 12. Sir William Jervois had an interview with the Acting Chief Secretary this morning, which was understood to be of a private nature. Mr. H.'C. Baker, the Minister for Justice, is favourably progressing towards recovery. ADELAIDE, March 13. Mr. Playford, Acting Chief Secretary, has received a communication from Mr. Service, containing the suggested joint reply from the colonies of Victoria, Queensland, and South Australia to Lord Derby with reference to the proposed amendments in the Federation Enabling Bill, and suggesting that before this colony replied a copy should be forwarded to Mr. Colton, the Premier, who is in New Zealand. Mr. Playford has telegraphed to Mr. Colton, and when an answer is received Mr Service's message will he handed to the Press for publication. NEW ZEALAND. WKLMKUTOA", March 13. Sir Julius Vogel was entertained at a banquet at Christchurch last evening. In the course of his address Sir Julius vessel alluded to the subject of sending contingents to the Soudan, and said he considered the circumstances of New South Wales and New Zealand were sodifForeiifc that what might be expedient in the one colonies would be the reverse in the other. It would be a mistaken position to other men when we were unable to defend twelves against anything like a well concerted future. No doubt New South Wales stood forth nets as the representative of the colonial Empire. He looked on the colonies as nurseries for the future defence of the British'! Empire. Parliament would be asked to consider whether New Zealand should contribute, in money or produce towards the Soudan i.imu.nVu. The Guyra ment had dotermiVf' union submitting a definite scheme for the defence of Auckland, Wellington, Lyttelton, and Dunedin, as a time would be lost in mounting the guns at present in the colony, It is understood that the Government have wired to the Agent-General to purchase £100,000 worth of ordnance and war material. 