CONFESSION OF MURDER. The convict Barnes has eaBed his troubled conscience by making a full confession, in writing, of bis murder of the late J. B. Slack, tbe persistent litigant who, conducting his own suits and hence bringing no grist to tha legal mill, was for years theterror of the Malhnnrnn law courts. Few cases in the anualB of orims are better calculated than this one to demon strate tba'. — Pool deeds will ri3e, Though alt the earth o'erivbeim thsm.to men's eye?; It would be impossibleRo conceive of a train of urcuiueUncee by which to environ a murder so as to leave the criminal more thoroughly at bis ease — humanly speaking — than those whioh attended this atrocity. Barnes had no accom plice in bis villainy ; he was completely un suspected ; nnd tbe law made due inquisition upon the body of his victim and solemnly affirmed that he had coma to his death by self- destruction. The conclusion seemed to police aid public a moat reasonable on« ; the persistent litigations of the departed had been tho reverie of profitable, and what more probablo than that in )a fit of disgust at frowning fortune he ehoald have let out his life ? So the suicide of the amateur lawyer was duly entered in the State records, and judges, b arristers, and court officials breathed more freely. Was there ever an instance where a har dened convict, who had acted on the pria- ciple tha'. "deud men tell no tales," might ne txpec'ed to feel completely comfortable, if r.o jubilant, over bis cleverness in ontwitiing his enemioe, the police. But, as Shtkesoeura fur ther assures ua — Minder, though jit have no tongue, will speak with most miracu:oua organ ;— and in this case the organ was the tongue of the murderer. All that Barnes had to do was o keep tho unruly member quiet, and this simple feat was more than he could accomplish. He found himself impelled to take the jpolice into liis confidence; wherenpon followed his trial and condemnation. Before the trial he appears to have come to the conclusion that he had made a fool of himself, and he obtained legal asiistance to mitigate, if possible, the effects of his indisoreiion. Now, again, his conscience has worked on him, and a tele gram, yesterday, states that he has furnished a written confession of his guilt. Had Barnes believed in the theories put for ward by the spiritualists, Slack would have been the last man be would have selected to murderously assault. Professor Alfred Rii3sel Wallace, in bis exposition of "Modern Spiri- tualitin," declares that " aftor death man's spirit survives in an ethereal body, gifted wish new powers, but mentally and morally tho came individual as when clothed in flesh." Fancy the indefa'igable and untiriug litigant Stack, "mentally and morally the same individual as when clothed in flash," awakening in bis "ethereal body" to a know ledge of the fact that he had been robbed of his earthly life by a ruffian, aud that his old antagonist, the law, had crowned its series of injustices by attaching the brand of snicide to liis name 1 Why, when he was in the flash, so bravo a man as tho late Mr. Justice Barry would close bis eyes aDd perceptibly shudder when the well-known form, loaded with law books, appeared at the door of the court. From Professor Wallace's point of view, hen, what must have been the position of the convict Barncp, while his brain was being incessantly racked by the terrible ghost which, like Frank enstein's monster, was absolutely the creation of his own hand, a ghost who, we may be woll assured, would leave no " ethereal " stone un turned to gain his end ? We make a present of the idea to our spiritualistic friends, while content ourselves to point to this remarkable cnBeos furnishing uew evidence that " the way of transgressors is hard," and that " a wicked messenger faMeth into mischief." 