JTSAM TO SYDNEY. The MArTLANO and SYDNEY Witl icave Newcastle to-night at 11. -'? .,Syn':tY.-Arrivale, June 12 : Ilorraboot and Went ?:?worth, stamrchre , from Melbourne. June 18 : Hygdo, . barque froum llumboldt Bay, .Deporturee, June 12 : Eurimbl, steamer, for Brisbane, Gabs, steamer, for ."M lelbourne ' "o S Ansn,^ai?e.-Arrivale, Juno I82: Itoloton ship, "from Glns.Aow; Jun 13: Caledonien, M. LS.S., from Marseilles. rbmLon .c--Arrtvals, June 12 :-Queeseliffe, "steamer, frem Port Albert ; June 13: Nolseon, steamer, from rortland : Cezeo, J.M.S. froum Lodndon" ern, steamer frem Fiji ;Departures, Junoe 10 --Casiuso, strainer, for Ilelfast; Whampos and Pert Philip, secamere, for Sydney. BajsIIANe.-Arrialms June 12 lurwah, steamer, and Isrk, IT.M.S., from Sydney: Departures, June 12: Yuarlla,sship, for port unknown; Guthrio, steamer, for i'syduo¥. ' ?"?I:ATuva RspORT.-Sunday, June 11, I a.m?.: PO:1 Stephens.-N.E., light, fine, mederato; Seal Ioerks-N.W., light, floe, moderate; South Head- N'W., moderateo clondy, sanooth; Kfama--Flne, heavy sea; Jeroas Bay-N.W.. light, fine, smooth. 2 p.m. : Wollongong - N.W., flue, , moderat ; Mct-ms-Flee, heavy era; Jervie Bay-N., light, fne, moderate; South Herd-Ni.N.., cloudy, emooth. *'Phe barque Bygdo, from Humboldt ..3ay, arrived at Sydney on Saturday. Tile 1I.M.S 1. Caledonlen, from !r.arseilles, ar rived at Adelaide on Saturday. Tihe ItM.S., Czco, from London an route to Sydc'ey, arrived at Melhlouriro on Saturday.. Tie steamor Lady 'owen left here hlot evening for tihe metropolis, with a number of pascengere. The steamer Yeoman left the harbour on Satur day morniug for Adelaide, with 2800 tons of coal below here hatches. Another new ketch has just been tanned out from the well-known yard of Mr. J. Roderiek, of Eagle ton. Sihe arrived in the harbour oe Friday, anrl anehored off the A.A. Oompany's wlaro". A de eariptiun will apprear reonr. Tr ti h irquo Srnau ene, for Mrranilu, was towed to noea on Satrrrdray. The croorer il. A. Dorun, whleii has been absent from this port for some time pact, arrived hero yesterdayamorrirg from Sydney in tow of the etea.'i-tug Young flungareo, and berthed along aide No. 2 shoot. Osptain R. O. Ghost, the ropular commander of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company's R.l3.S. Australia, has relinquished the command of his finaesteamer (say tlire "S. 1). Telegrairir ), arrd intends to enter irtet businrss in thic city. Tire worthy skipper has been many years in the com plary's service, and during his careernachief officer, neswell re corrnnder, he weeidasel in hih estcem among the traveliinrg purrlic. Undoubtedly all Iris friends wi.l wishi him every success in his new ;phero of duties. We understand that the com mond of the Australia has boon given to Captain Moultrio Salt, late chief officer, a gentleman posses n-nnr many good qualities which lit him for the pociten.. "T'he telanor Amal~fi, from Sydlney, arriv?edlimeo on Satorday afternoon. tlto boade tier'? for Mdanila. :hortly after 2 o'clock on Friday morniog a fire broke out on bt'ad the barque Kirndra, lying at Danlon's wharf, Sydney. Tht fire engines were in attendance, and with the assistance of a gang of men, who promptly turned ont to rentder asist tanco, the flames were soon extinguished The saloon, sail locker, and a notnbor of ??nls were. partly destroyed. .Pwo nien-tho second ofice?,. and the steward -hlid a narrow escapoefrbio being suffocated. Another four-masted ship, the UlIen, made her appearance here ycsatcrday aftero?on. Fori sastera sgenrally como all of o lump, for the Itomedset only arrived hero on iFriday. 'oho vessel was towed from Sydney b'y tjso Pihcobe, aud token in tow by tho liungarco 5ff the port. kho anchored mo the horseshoe. The Ulrica is a magnificent speciosen of marine archi tecture, and ranks foremosth with most others of herclass. She is from the yard of Messrs. Barclay, Curle, and Coc, of Whitenieh, Glagow, and has a not register of i192l toss, haoving great cargo-corry ing eapaceity, like iesso vessels that have been lately turned out, and sue is itted up with at tihe scsot modern inprovementis. The owners of the vessel are Messre. .Iendry, Ferguson, and Co., of Green cek. Trics vessel cosmplseued the voyage fromt Glasgow to Sydney in t9 days frsm the docks, snd Isrought out a large miscellaneoas cargo. She hab a quantity of rails for Newcastle, aad, after dis . charging, will load a cargo of coal for San Trae eisco. Onptain J. Sourr is the commauder of this lice vessel. 