EUROPEAN NEWS. OLD COUNTRY NOTES. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTl LONDON, August 21. NEVER was London'duller at this time of the year. The prevailing bad times took people of standing out of town, long before the, usual period, and the marvellously fine weather which we have enjoyed all the summer gave some excuse for shirking the tropical heat of the city, weeks before the normal date for fashion's Hegira. A few wealthy men are always to be found in Clubland from May to November, but even these stanch devotees at the ahinOjOf the Babylon of the Thames, have gone down into the country to assist in the electioneering campaigns of their fathers, brothers, uncles, and masculine , cousins. Between now and late autumn we shall be deluged with talk, and the vast efflorescence of eloquence-political oratory- which even at the present moment is crowding everything else out of the papers, will completely obscure all other topics of interest. The Marquis of Salisbury, having wound up affairs in Downing-street, left London yesterday for the family. place at Hatfield. Thence the Prime Minister proceeds to the Chalet Cecil at Dieppe, where he will remain until the blast of the electioneering horn calls him home again. Both sides, Conservatives and Liberals, are straining every nerve for the night, but the former labour under serious disadvantages. They lack money and. men, Conservative incomes are derived largely from land, and land the present moment in England isadoubtfulinvestment. As an instance, I might cite a personal experience. A few years ago I remember a farm being offered for sale in Lincolnshire for £5000. It was bought in none of the bids rising that high. Since then the occupier has laid out £2000 on improvements, reclaiming a large extent of marsh, and pro tecting several extensive meadows from the occasional inundations caused by a small river which flows through the, farm. Last week the property was again put up, but the bids only ran to a little under £2800. ' Here is proof, were proof needed, of the painful decline in the incomes of those who rely on land as their monetary sheet anchor. And many Conservatives, particularly the great square class, have no other investments. Liberals, on the contrary, draw their incomes as a rule from trade and although trade has not been brisk or bright for years, it has not touched, the extreme point of depression reached by land. The Conservatives, therefore, at the next electoral fight will be a little handicapped. Even the hop crops, which in some counties, such as Kent, pay the rents, the rates, the taxes, stock the cellars of the resident gentry, and make luxury possible in the good years, seem to fall under the bad spell of the times. According to this week's reports, the English hop crop for the season will not be one half what it promised in July. The Kentish farmers are almost despairing. The bad years have pursued them! mercilessly, and the garden of England, as their county is called, has been anything but a bed of roses for those most concerned, in its position and prospects. , i But to turn from home to foreign matters. To-day public attention is principally directed to Constantinople, where Sir Henry Drummond Wolff, the English Envoy Pleniuo tertiary from the Court of St. James to that of the Porte, has now arrived. Russia, ever ready to take alarm at anything like close friendship between England and Turkey, has replied to the presence of our ambassador at the Golden Horn by promulgating a ukase authorising the issuing of sudden war risk credit on the flat of the Minister of Finance alone, should the Emperor be absent from the capital. In other words, Russia, who sees that a military alliance between England and the Sultan would compel her to fight in Europe as well as Afghanistan should hostilities break out over the ZulQkar matter, is preparing to act on the instant she wishes it, and without the delay of sending to the Czar, who is likely for some little time yet to be some days journey from his capital in the fashion of travelling adopted by his Imperial Majesty. On 'Change the opinion holds good, as it has always held good, that there will be no war, for the simple but very good reason that Russia would be unable to raise a loan. It is true that " the Colossus of the North" paid the interest on her loan from us, even while we were bombarding Sebastopol, but that was a mere flea- bite compared to her present indebtedness, and in the event of conflict she would have at once to suspend payment. Other Powers who are looking jealously at our Constantinople adventures are Germany and Austria, to either of whom the reopening of the Eastern question by any Anglo-Turkish embroglio with Russia would, as Mr. Pepys might have put it, be " pretty inconvenient." The Queen s messengers who pass daily between Downing-street and Vienna, Berlin, St. Petersburg, and Constantinople are therefore busier than they have been for months, and the order dary roster of leave has had to be nearly suspended. Society has at length been made happy in the information that the Guards have been ordered home from the grilling scene of their late operations. After the Soudan miseries the 3rd Grenadier Guards, the 1st Coldstreams, and the 2nd Scots' Guards were sent to Cyprus for a breath of fresh air, and they are now definitely ordered home, where they will arrive just time to take a rest before the Doncaster St. Leger is run. Like all other campaigns under the severe meteorological conditions of desert life, the effects of the strain on men and cattle outlasts their immediate removal from the scene of conflict. At Brighton, the other day, I saw a camp of Lancers lugubriously pitched just above a cemetery, and where the gallant fellows had been compelled to undergo a practical quarantine during a long tale of weeks, owing to some sharp epidemic raging amongst their horses. I hardly know which looked the more mournful, the long carried lines of white gravestones in the burial ground, or the long carried lines of white tents, both practically cut off from the busy bustling world about them. A curious adventure happened to one Guards-, man, Trooper Grubb. Trooper Grubb was a man belonging to the 2nd Life Guards, and in some inscrutable fashion lost his regiment out in the desert. The regiment came back to England, home, and beauty," but no Grubb with it, and the soldier's comrades mourned the i missing man and gave him up for lost. This week Trooper Grubb, as brown as a bronze penny, walked into the cavalry barracks, Windsor, startled the guard with the idea of a. ghost, duly reported himself, and received an ovation. With real British pluck, Grubb, it appears, when he found out that his regiment had disappeared; quietly sat down to map out his course back to the Nile, and by dint of hard riding, hard fighting, and' dare- devil gallantry, made his way to the confines of civilisation. The gossips are all chattering about the royal visit to Denmark, Norway, and Sweden. Those who pretend to know all about these matters, insist that the present Prince and Princess of Wales, with their family in the northern marches of . Europe, forbade the betrothal of the Princess Louise of Wales, and that the lucky young gentleman is Prince Oscar, of Norway. Weare further told that the Princess of Wales herself, a daughter of the Norse Sea-kings approves the match, that the young lady likes her sweetheart, that grandma Victoria has said " yes," and that the course of sweet Love's dream flows smoothly along. A few weeks hence will) see the whole of the Danish Royal family gathered together. The sister of the Princess of Wales, the Empress of Russia and her husband the Czar, and the King and Queen of Greece, are all to meet our own Prince and Princess, so that it looks very much as if there were to be a solemn family sederunt about something. > There would be this advantage about Oscar. He is not a Gorman. The nation is fairly sick of Germans, and a change from the eternal Tonton bridegroom would be right heartily welcomed by everyone. Just exactly as too many cooks spoil the broth, so too many German intermarrying with our Royal Family are spoiling the feeling that the governing house is part and parcel of the nation, and causing it to be looked upon as something of an alien and imported kind. (From Papers to 22nd August.) THE CASE OF ELIZA ARMSTRONG. St. James's Budget.) SOME' farther inquiries into this case have been made by the representative of Lloyd's Weekly Newspaper, who has, moreover, entered into communication with Mr. Bramwell Booth and elicited a " statement" from him. There seems to be no doubt whatever that the child passed under a false pretence into the hands of the woman Rebecca Jarrett, who is or was recently a member of the Booth's organisation that she was taken by this person to a house of bad character, and subjected to the infamy of what is called a ,'.' medical examination :" and that she came into the possession of Mr Booth, who still has her in safe keeping." Mr. Bramwell Booth now states that Rebecca Jarrett was not connected with the Salvation Army " at the time of these occurrences ;" and that Eliza t Armstrong was taken charge of by him on the 4th of June to " save her from the demoralising surroundings in which she WON placed." These'" demoralising surroundings" cannot refer to Eliza Armstrong's family and relations, since Air, Booth says that he knows nothing of the circumstances under which the child was taken from her home. It would appear, then, that Mr. Booth was anxious to save Eliza, from Rebecca Jarrett, whose influence and surroundings were, without doubt,'" demoralising," It would be satisfactory to learn how Mr. Booth was brought into connection with the child and the woman who had got unlawful possession of her how it was that this same woman, whose share in this piece of wickedness he must have known, came to be employed as an agent by him in his "secret investigation and in other capacities and why on rescuing Eliza from the " demoralising influence of Jarrett, he did not restore her to her parents. The additional information gleaned by Lloyd's reporter amounts in the main to this. First, the story of the medical examination has been investigated more closely, and apparently placed beyond all doubt. It seems to have been on the 3rd of June that Eliza Armstrong was submitted by Jarrett to this degrading process. The child, it is stated, was last seen by a cabman (who took particular notice of her late on the evening of this day. The cabman says that he drove the child, with the woman Jarrott and two men, to a house which he believed to be one of bad character, and there, left her. That was at about 10 o'clock on Wednesday, the 3rd of June. On the Thursday the child passed into the possession of Mr. Booth. It would be a relief to have the interval satisfactorily accounted for. This is one of the points which Mr. Bramwell Booth should explain. Now that the matter has been taken up by the Attorney-General, Mr. Booth offers to place the child in the hands of the editor of Lloyd's Newspaper; an offer which, as he probably anticipated, is declined. Mr, Bramwell Booth has still to explain by what right he keeps out of the possession of her parents a child who was not in- trusted by them to him. According to Mr. Booth's statement the child has been subjected to no further outrage than that of examination." Consequently the horrible version of Eliza Armstrong's abduction, which was palmed off on the public in certain " revelations " as a bona-fide case, is false. At a " Thanksgiving Service" hold in Exeter Hall on Wednesday to celebrate the passing of the Criminal Law Amendment Act, "General" Booth referred to the allegations which have been made in connection with this case. The "General" vindicates himself as follows: First " No one but an" arrant fool could believe such a thing of the Salvation Army. The history of their actions for twenty years and his own public life for thirty-five years were a sufficient proof that they would do nothing which was not in accordance with truth and righteousness." Secondly,' " They took this girl uninjured to rescue her from what they believed was real moral danger." Thirdly, they were ready to restore her to her mother if the mother had intimated that she wanted the child back ; but the mother did not do so, and they [the Booths] " believed that the mother was perfectly happy and satisfied." As regards the second point in Mr. Booth's explanation, it will be remembered that Mr. Bramwell Booth says he had nothing to do with getting the child away from her home ; consequently he took her to rescue her from "the real moral danger in which she had been placed by Mrs. Josephine Butler. As regards the third point, we can state that the mother did intimate in explicit terms that she wanted her child back ; she has constantly repeated that intimation and so far from being "perfectly satisfied and happy," she continues in much distress at the detention of her daughter and at the charges which have been made against her character. We understand that the police are still engaged in investigating the case, A reporter of the Sunday Times interviewed Mr. Bramwell Booth on Saturday, and specifically referred to what has appeared in this journal While giving a general contradiction to what has been alleged against him, Mr. Booth stated (1) that the shocking case described in certain "revelations" was (with due variations) that of Eliza Armstrong ; (2) that the child was in his keeping in France; (3) that "he cannot of course say anything about what Mrs. Butler may have done." Mr. Booth also said :-" I assured the mother her daughter was in good hands and safe keeping, but that I would, if she desired it, return her daughter to her, but that I would not do so unless obliged, because I desired to preserve Lily from harm and temptation," Lily," it will be remembered, is the name given to the child who has been identified with Eliza Armstrong in the story which appears in the "revelations." Mr. Booth's statement places the identification beyond the possibility of doubt. This matter, we believe, is engaging the attention of the Public Prosecutor, and the police are taking steps for the immediate restoration of the child to her parents. A REMARKABLE LETTER. The Winchester Observer and County News for Saturday contains a remarkable letter from Mrs. Josephine Butler. We subjoin the greater part of this extraordinary communication : '' bear that in my absence on the Continent certain unfounded rumours have been circulated concerning a person called Rebecca Jarrett's friend and faithful servant of mine and that our work in connection with Hope Cottage, Highcliffe, has been called in question. I cannot allow my friends to be slandered in my absence without a protest ; I therefore beg you kindly to insert this letter in your next issue." Mrs Butler then says that she intends to hold a public meeting at Winchester soon, when she will give the whole story from beginning to end of what has occurred." Meanwhile she continues : " Those who have read the Pall Mall Gazette are aware that a 'Secret Commission was formed of persons who had sufficient courage and Christian charity to 'descend into hell' for the salvation of the victims of organised vice, and for the exposure and rebuke of the crimes perpetrated in that * Inferno,' For the present I will merely inform your readers that I was allied from the first with members of that Secret Commission, that I worked with them, and that Rebecca Jarrett, at my own I'm in vi , H, .,11,ii tell < JJ mill urgent quest and all the I wish of, the Secret Commission undertook lorne of the most difficult 'tasks connected with the recent exposure..- The italics are our own, . ..;. I desire to take upon myself the whole responsibility for every act of hers in this matter, both in Winchester and out of it. .,. The work done at Hope Cottage has all been holy and saving' work, and this I am ready to prove by every proof that can be desired. With regard to a missing child, concerning whom there is a hue and cry, that case will be cleared up and published as soon as the present commission of inquiry in London has brought out in its report J. Rebecca Jarrett's evidence is before that commission. ... In tho course of our terrible researches we came daily across immoral agents who are offering innocent little girls for sale. We intercepted some such, and in the good purpose and motive of proving the facility with which such children can be bought for diabolical. purposes we ourselves bought children. But what has become of of the children bought by us ? They are in the hands of loving Christian people, and are being trained in good habits and taught to pray and to love God. It is concerning these happy children saved from the worst fate that this absurd hue and cry is raised. The child particularly spoken of in Winchester is very happy and well, and will be restored to her mother in due time ; but it will not be a happy day for the child, for her mother is a slave to drink, and was seeking to sell her child, indifferent as to whether her future course was to be vice or not." It will be noticed that Mrs. Butler states that the case of Eliza Armstrong was to be cleared up and published as soon as the Man- sion House "Commission of Inquiry" had brought out its " report." This, however, has not been done, at least so far as Mrs. Butler's friends are concerned, though no doubt the case is gradually being "cleared up and published. Mrs. Butler admits that she was responsible for what Jarrett did, and Jarrott, as has been constantly stated, got the child from her mother under a false pretence and had her submitted to a degrading examination and conveyed to a home for fallen women. ' For this, then, Mrs. Butler is responsible, on her own admission. Further, Mrs. Butler seems to consider that the abduction and detention of Eliza Armstrong were justifiable, since Mrs. Armstrong was "slave to drink," and was seeking to sell her child." This latter is a serious allega- tion against the mother, and Mrs. Josephine Butler (who is now abroad) and her associates should be called upon to justify it. " Lot" writes to us Mrs. Josephine Butler was, perhaps, well advised to retire to a foreign country before writing the letter which has just been published. If I read the letter rightly, Mrs. Butler confesses to an offence which is punishable in English law. Is Mrs. Butler aware that taking and keeping children from the hands of their parents (whether for an immoral purpose or not) is a crime which may be punished by seven years' penal servi-, tude or two years' imprisonment, according as the child is or is not under the age of 14.,' Mrs, Butler not only confesses, but even boasts, that she and her dear ' friend Re becca Jarrett have taken and kept from their parents young children. It is true she says she did it with the boat of motives.; but the law has nothing to do with that, it would seem that Mrs. Butler acknowledges herself responsible for the abduction of Eliza Armstrong. In face of that acknowledgment, and of the evidence which has been published, it really looks as if a most most unpleasant duty would have to devolve on the Treasury solicitor of Mrs. Butler were not abroad.,' I' A Resident In Marylebone" writes to us as follows-We who reside near Mrs. Armstrong and know her well think the end came staircases the abduction. of her child more grave than you put them. I cannot ask you to sully your columns by reproducing the prurient and criminal details of what is said to have happened to this child, and as to which the editor of the Pall Mall Gazette ' can personally vouch for the absolute accuracy of every fact. But I can say that it is the duty of every right-minded woman and' man to demand that the Government take measures to have this poor woman's child', restored to her, One of these two following things must have happened Either (1) the woman Jarrott 'did, having decoyed away the child under the instruction of nor employers (whoever they wore), cause her to be treated as stated in the last Mull Gazette ; or (2) the woman did not act in that criminal way ; but merely having decoyed the child, kept her out of the way, while her story, filled in with falsehood and obscenity,, was published as though true in the Pall Mall Gazette. If the first case is true, the whole is a criminal conspiracy cruel and terrible beyond the expression of words. If the second is the true case, the story " personally vouched for us to the absolute accuracy of every fact is seen to be entirely untrue, and an indecent, concoc- tion. Meanwhile the poor mother naturally wants to know where her child is, and what has been done to hot-. Is it to prevent the child herself answering this question that she has been taken over to France and concealed there by the heads of the Salvation Army ? If the Home Secretary does not instruct the Public Prosecutor to take proceedings, well may agitators Bay that there is one law for the rich and another for the poor." . The Archbishop of Canterbury has addressed a letter to the vicar of Charles Church, Plymouth, in reply to a memorial recently for warded to him by the clergy and ministers of Plymouth and the neighbouring towns on the question of the recent disclosures. In this letter Dr. Benson says :-" I am sure that such a document as yours, emanating from the religious teachers of every shade of opinion, in town long known for the patient' carried dress with which its leading citizens and ministers have laboured in the great cause which now insists on being heard, will fill the minds of my honoured colleagues with' a grateful and assured sense of support Different opinions I will be held upon important aspects of the inquiry and report; but all will feel that the substantial truth of those allegations is a terrible fact which demands all the remedies which England can bring to bear. . These remedies appear to me to lie in the serious and steady application of the law, which can be effected through co-operation of these vigilance committees which have already commended themselves to you and your town and in an advance of the moral tone which it belongs especially to you and in, as ministers of religion, to raise and strengthen. Our first duty is with the parents to encourage them to bring up their children more obediently, more soberly, and more purely. It is in the home, alas, that much of the evil is begun, and to this we ought to address ourselves by every means, and next we ought to do our best to assemble our men and boys in leagues to support each other in respect for womanhood, in purity of language, and in noble government of self and the will. These are the broad lines on which details must be constructed, I believe that the committee were all of one mind on these points. AS We have ceased to be a committee and some of us are away from London, it is not possible to send a united answer. But my most valued colleagues may possibly write, as I do, in an individual capacity. In any case their strong and healthful words have already made themselves felt." _ SIR HENRY WOLFF'S MISSION. Sir Henry Drummond Wolff arrived at Constantinople on Thursday He was detained at Kavak to perform quarantine. The Berlin correspondent of the Standard has had an interview with a diplomatist of eminence just arrived there from Constantinople-a gentleman who is in great favour with the Sultan, and whose opinion on Eastern affairs carries great weight." The following is the substance of this gentleman's views as to the mission of Sir Henry Wolff : " If the British Envoy Extraordinary has been sent out to offer to the Sultan an offensive and defensive alliance with England against Russia, then Sir Henry must be prepared to expect but small success. Both the Sultan and the Grand Vizier are averse to any policy of action. The effects of the last Russo-Turkish war are still felt too keenly. Moreover, Mr. Gladstone's policy has created so deep a dis- trust of England that both Abdul Hamid and Said Pasha are at present disposed to trust even Russia rather than England. The benevolent and loyal policy of the present English Ministry will have to be pursued for a long time before the present Turkish mistrust of England can be overcome. The Sultan foresees that should there be a change of Government England would again abandon Turkey. Although the Sultan may not be fully equal to all the tasks before him, he is a man of no ordinary intelligence ; he will not suffer himself, perhaps, to be guided by others, but he strives to govern and direct his own course rationally. The issue of the last Turco Russian war, however, completely crippled his powers of action, and constrained him to limit himself to contriving how to save as much as possible, and hence he declines everything that might in the least endanger his position. Besides, he is living in the constant fear that a conspiracy may be attempted, and that his may be the fate of Abdul Rashid. Hence at present the Sultan endeavours most anxiously to avoid everything capable of bring in about a change which might prove fraught with domer, . » . ><? 2 am-The Turkish army is less strong or numerous than ever. Hence, it is incredible that the Sultan and his Grand Vizier, who are both well aware of the facts, should be induced to commence an expedition of any sort. At the outbreak of the Egyptian ontanglemontPriüce Bismarck advised the Sultan to despatch 30,000 men to Egypt in order to check the English. Abdul Hamid, however, did not follow the advice, from a sense of his weakness and fear of further complications. If, therefore, Sir H. D. Wolff is going to propose that the Sultan should send an army to the Soudan to re-establish order, he will scarcely succeed in persuading him to do so, even if England under- took to defray all the expenses, The objection to part with any troops is just now greatly strengthened by the present agitation in all parts of the Empire-in Albamo, Roumelia, Macedonia, Arabia, and Syria an agitation which is rapidly spreading, especially in European Turkey, As it is, the army is scarcely sufficient to maintain order within the Sultan's own tcr"torios,and a despatch of troops abroad could not fail to be dangerous. The Sultan knows well enough what he he has to fear from Russia. He is well aware that Russia is keeping the peace only for the special reasons which produced the present understanding between Russia and the Austro-German allies ; but he remains convinced that Russia is continually working for the destruction of the Turkish Empire. "Leading circles in Constantinople do not share the English view, that the Russian ad vance in Afghanistan is directed against British-India. On the contrary, they regard it as, preparatory to a Russian advance south of the Caspian towards the Valley of the Euphrates, and thence to Constantinople, as the Austro-German Alliance has blocked the way across the Danube. The same influential Turkish circles are also concerned for the safety of Turkish Africa, and fear that the British may one day desire to advance through Syria to the Euphrates, in the effort to secure the safety of British-India, The Sultan and the Grand Vizier, in short, believe that Turkey is in this dilemma, that if she is not annexed by Russia she must be absorbed by England. Hence they fear to enter upon any active Uno of policy, and will consequently decline to enter into any engagements involving a new departure of this kind, they will undoubtedly feel very grateful to England for the special mission or Sir H. D. Wolff, which they regard as an act of unusual deference on the part of the present British Ministry ; but the feeling of gratitude by no means necessarily implies the adoption of a new line of political action." 