S.A.J.C. FLEMINGTON MEETING. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, May 10. The second day's racing of the South Aus tralian Jockey Club, which was postponed fioin Thursday on account of wet weather, took place on Saturday, and though the attendance was very small at the time when the first race was run it materially increased afterwards, and when the Cup came on for decision there were at least 10,000 people pre sent, including the Governor and Lady Loch and suite. The weather was rough and cloudy, but remained fine during the afternoon, and the course was in capital going, though not conducive to fast time. The Australian Mili tary Band performed selections during the day on the lawn, and altogether the day was a most successful one. Great interest was centred in the Cup, and _ large num bers inspected the candidates in the pad dock. Lord Wilton and Cainerine were the first on view, and no question could be raised as to_ the former's fitness. His coat shone like satin, and the handsome shape of the horse caused many post-bettors to invest in his favor. Camerine was also blooming, and his owner was somewhat sanguine as to his chance. Britisher, despite his reputation, was feuerally voted an underbred animal, though a orse of great size and turned out with T. Wilson's polish.. Conjecture was another animal in splendid condition, but Sardius, Welcome Jack, and Prometheus were all on the big side, and Anchorite was not within pounds of his form. Lantern looked none the worse for his Goodwood Handicap win, and his party were very sweet to the last. Other horses, however, attracted little attention, except from their own immediate partisans, though Anglesey, Hazard, and Plausible were looked upon as the most likely of the outside division to effect a coup. The mare Conjecture hardened to such an extent that she left the paddock at o to 1, Britisher being a point more, followed by Lantern at 5's, and then came Lord Wilton at 8's. Welcome Jack was strongly supported at 100's to 8. at which price Sardius was also backed. The prices of others varied from 15 to 50 to 1, and as nearly every one was backed the books must have had a good time of it. The race, which is described in detail below, resulted in tho victory of Lord Wilton, who was followed home by Anchorite and Sardius. The favorite, who was in front for a great part of the race, collapsed half a mile from home, while Britisher shot his bolt half-way down the straight, Lantern giving in just before that. MAIDEN I'LATE. C'apri, by Yattendon—Mandragora, 9 st. (O'Urien) 1 Ciohanna, 8st. 7 lbs. (St. Albaus) .. .. ..2 Hampstead, G st. 11 lbs. (Page) 3 Betting—D to 4 on Hampstead, 7 to 4 against Capri, 2 to 1 Gohanna. Hampstead jumped off with the lead, which he maintained to the abattoirs, where Gohanna ran up level with him. The latter had aslight advantage enter ing the straight, hut Capri, who had been last from the fall of the flag, now came up and easily distanced the others when called upon, winning eventually by four lengths, Gohanna second two lengths ahead of the favorite. Time, 2 inin. lG.j sec. NURSERY UANDICAR. Remus, by Gang forward—Komula, 7 St. 4 lbs. (Flannigan) 1 Honeycomb, 7 st. 7 lbs. (Sanders) t Ulalume, 7 st. 9 lbs. (Olds) 1 (Rail a dead heat for second place. The other starters were—Junnna, Arsenal, .Solo, Candace, Femsidc, Gasburner, and Delamia. Betting—4 to 1 Arsenal and Delamia, (> to 1 Honey comb and Remus, 10 Solo at first, then 100 to 30. The flag fell to a fair start, Juanua, Ulalume, Cwidace, and Delamia being the quickest a .ray. As they crossed the tan Remus was in front, with Jiianna, Candace, and Delamia in close attendance on him. Juanna and Candace after this fell back, while Remus, pursued by Delamia and Honeycomb, came home gamely, the colt winning by a length from Honeycomb and Ulaume, who finished a dead heat for second place. Delamia was fourth, then came Juanua and Fernside, Candace being last. Time, 1 uiin. 29 sec. ADELAIDE CtiP. A handicap sweepstakes of 10 so vs. each, h. ft., with fif;0 sovs. added. Second horse, 50 sovs.; third hoise 2f> so\ s. from the prize, ilr. E. IV. Ellis's eh h Lord Wilton, by Countryman —Instep, 4 yis., 7 st. (Saunders) .. ' .. 1 Mr. J. D. Robertson's b li Anchorite, 4 yrs., 7 st. 7 lbs. (Eliis) 2 Mr. L. Watson's b li Sardius, 4 yrs., 8 st. 10 lbs. (McGrade) 3 THE ADELAIDE CUI'. Yr. ■ Owner. 1 Winner. 1SM.YV. Fowling Falcon 1SCE;.I. C. .'allies Ebor 1SCGE. SJ. BagotjCowra ISGT'E. SI. BagotCowra 1SG6 T. J. Evan Cupbearer.. ISO!) YY". Ban] ' 3S72;R. Holiand.. 1S73.YV. Filgate 1S74-YY'. Gcrrard.. 1S75,.B Watt . 3t70|O. Bennett. 1S77'S. Gardiner 1S7S:YY'. Filgate.. lS7t !G. B. Smith. 1SSC 1SS3 185S 1SS3 'Si ISt-r YY\ Bile .. S. Barnard.. H. Haines.. E. YYreeks .. J. 0. Inglis.. I". YV. Ellis.. I Norma Australian Buck Dolphin Ace Trumps Lurline .." Impudence* Aldinga Glenonnis ton Banter First Water Totalizator. Euclid Sting Yfalua Lord Wilton Eider. Wgt. Time stlb m. s. Morrison .. 10 1 3 501 D. Fountain 10 1 3 551 0\. Stevens.. S 7 3 50" YYr. Simpson 9 0 i 55} H. Tothill.. S i ■i 46.} Southwell.. 7 0 i 47 S. Davis .. 7 C 51 H. Grulib .. 8 1 4!) T. Hale3 .. 7 i; i 41 G. Donnelly !) 3 : 4i J. Kilduff .. o ; : 371 T. Hales .. 7 9 3 53 G. Williams. 7 43 43 J. Kilduff .. G 12 3 35 Boase 7 2 3 39 Boasa G 7 3 37 M. O'Brien.. 7 4 3 SGJ Williams .. 8 9 3 85:; C. Ivemy .. 9 0 2 551 Sanders 7 0.2 53} Distance altered to one mile and five furlong3.J netting-— 3 to 1 against Conjecture, 4 to 1 Britisher. 5 to 1 Lantern, 8 to 1 Lord Wilton, 12 to 1 Welcome •lack and Sardius, 15 to 1 Madcap and Prometheus, 20 to 1 Camtrinc and Plausible, 25 to 1 Anchorite and Anglesey, 30 to 1 Grace Darling, 50 to 1 Hazard and Hobart. After some trouble caused by the anxiety of the jeekevs Mr. Watson sent the lot away on beautifully even terms, Prometheus and Lantern being first to show in advance. Lantern had a slight lead as they went past the stand, Lord Wilton, Conjecture, Wel come -lack, Hazard, Camerine, Plausible, Anchorite, ai.d llohart being those who formed the leading division. Opposite the stewards' stand Ilobart stunibled and unshipped his jockey, T. Brown, stvc-ral of the rearmost horses galloping over him, fortunately without injuring him. As the field went round the river turn Lantern still led, Nicholson having a firm hold of his head. Conjecture was second, the others as they went along the river side, being Lord Wilton, Prometheus, Camerine, Hazard. Sardius, Britisher, Madcap, Welcome Jack, Anglesey, ami Gohr.nnn, with Grace Darling last. As they approached trie bridge Conjecture got on even terms with Lan tern, who was Mill going well. He, however, suffered, Conjecture and Prometheus to take precedence of him and filled tiie third place just in advance of Lord Wilton and Sardius. Along the back of the course Conjecture led Prometheus, Lantern ar.d Britisher occupyingthe best positions be hind her, while the top weight, Welcome Jack, was nearly last. As they passed the abattoirs Prometheus, Conjecture, Lantern, and Britisher were in the van, while Hazard and Anchorite were gradually working to the front. Passing the sheds Lantern was again in command, with Prometheus, Britisher, and Anchorite close behind him, the favorite having now been brought back into the nick. Coining round towards the straight Britisher came up on the outside, and led into the straight, with Lantern, Anchorite, and Lord Wiiton as Lis nearest attendants. Lord Wilton gradually improved his position, and half way down the straight Britisher shot his bolt, and Lord Wilton assumed the lead, Anchorite with Sardius, who camo out from the centre, close on him. The leader, however, finished like a racehorse, and succeeded in beating Anchorite by a length, while Sardius was a good third, only half a length behind, Plausible vv.is fourth .then caine Britisher, Lantern, Madcap, Brace Darling, Anglesey, Camerine, Gohanna, Weiconie Jack, Conjecture, Hazard, and Bul.y in order as written, with Prometheus last. Time, 2 mitt. 53'j see. Moore, the rider of Conjecture, was complained against by the starter for disolxidieuce of orders, and disniaUued for three months. SKI.T.IXO MUUOLE RACE. Fusilier, i>y Grand Muster, 8 ft. 11 lbs. (Gr.thb), had a walkover. Fusilier was bought in for 10.) sovs. ii.vt.xo n vxiucAf. 1-iddiemarcb, by Murihyrnoiig—Housemaid. S st. 10 ibs. (itobertsfin) * .. 1 Jjliss Jleiliii, G st. 2 lbs. (Nicholson) .. .. ..2 Arsenal, 0 st. 11 lbs. (G. Brown) 3 Other starters—Ghost, Jlelcor, SClifford, Duenna, PaiBiroo, Lucky Hit, Marie Louise. Gymkhana, Kast Lyme. Agues, Kagle, Sunstroke. Wanda. Belting-(> to 1 against Gymkhana, 7 to 1 Ghost, Marie Louise, and Meteor, 8 to 1 Middlemarch and Pailleroo, 10 to 1 Stafford and Agues, 15 to 1 Miss Merlin, 20 to 1 Kast Lynue. Marie Louise, with Meteor and Ghost, were quickest away, and with iliss Merlin and Pailleroo were prominent as the tan was crossed. Arsenal, toilowed by Middlemarch, came through as the carriage paddock was readied, the last-named winning in good style by about a length and half frcm ifiss Merlin, vvho v.ss barely a length ahead of Aisenai. Pailleroo was fourth, then came Meteor and Must Ljnne, while others were whipped in by Wanda and Lucky Hit. Time, 1 inin. 17i sec. 