A Night in a Haunted House. (COMMUNICATED BY "CHAS.") ANY person who has travelled from the Clarence River to the Bellinger by the coast line will remem- ber Bungle Creek, and the deserted house which stands on a headland at its mouth. For the benefit of those who have not made the journey, I must state that Bungle Creek lies at a distance of 14 miles north of the Bellinger River. It is very nearly half-a-mile broad at the place of crossing, and was once much dreaded on account of its quicksands. Being a tidal creek it is only crossable at low tide, and even then it in extremely dangerous for anyone unacquainted with the crossing. On a headland jutting into the sea on the Grafton side of Bungle, stands an old house which, as is mostly the case with old and deserted houses, has the repu- tation of being haunted. lt is truly a lonely looking structure, standing by itself many miles from any other house, on the narrow neck of land which has the ever-mooning sea in front ; Bungle Creek on one hand, and on the other another dangerous tidal creek. Bambi, about two miles away. These creeks were dreadful bugbears to travellers between the Clarence and Bellinger a few years ago, and most persons obliged to make the journey entered upon it with much the same feelings as travellers in the old days between London and York, who gener- ally made their wills before starting, and took leave of their friends, as if they had small hopes of ever meeting them again. When the road from Coffs Harbour to the Bellinger is completed, there will be no necessity to undergo any danger in crossing these creeks, as they will have substantial bridges over them at points higher up than where they are crossed at present. On one occasion while travelling this route I reached Bungle at sundown, to find that the tide was high, the creek therefore uncrossable, and that I had no alternative but to camp for the night. As there was every appearance of rain, instead of camping out as I should otherwise have done, I determined to make for the haunted house, and sleep there. Accord- ingly, I turned back from the creek and rode up to the house. After hobbling my mare, I proceeded to gather wood enough to keep up a fire during tho night. This was the more desirable, as having no blankets I should be obliged to sleep on the boards, and it was the depth of winter. . I made a bed by using my saddle for a pillow, cloth for bedclothes, and some dry ferns for a mat- tras. I then remembered that I had left my supper (some bread and cheese kindly given by a selector in the morning) outside at the spot where I had un- saddled my mare. On looking for it, however, there was nothing to be found but the wrapper, for some cows had flown away with the bread and cheese, and were at the moment of my appearance on the scene busily cawing out their satisfaction at the delicacy of the repast. Being exceedingly hungry, after my long ride-I had come about forty miles, and had no food for twelve hours-it may well be imagined that the loss of my supper did not tend to raise my spirits. Fortunately the rocks below the house were covered with fine fat oysters, and a few dozen of them made a very satisfactory meal. When they were oaten it was quite dark, and as I stretched myself upon my resting place for the night with the bright fires crackling in front, and the sombre shadows of the empty rooms appearing ta dance and flicker behind, I thought for the first time of the report which I had heard that the house was haunted. Now, I was never a very brave man in the matter of ghosts. When a boy I was under the care of a French maid, who took an especial delight in repeat- ing to me stories of supernatural beings of all kinds ; the more horrible and unearthly the better. Later on, I had been foolishly allowed to read journals de- voted to the accounts of " Bloody men whose deeds tradition saves, Of lonely folk cut off unseen, And hid in sudden graves; Of horrid stabs in groves forlorn, And murders done in caves". and all things loved by superstitious people. Being naturally of an imaginative disposition, such mental food had strengthened my inclination to believe in ghosts, and at the time of which I am writing I was about as ripe a subject for a spiritualist to convert as any one could desire. Then it must be owned time my position was not a very enviable one. In a dark night, far from any human being, suffering from an attack of melancholy, consequent upon my lack of food and long ride, and in a large empty house reputed to be haunted, it is not to | be wondered at that I glanced rather nervously into the dark corners of the rooms, and started as some large rats rushed noisily across the rotting floors. The tradition which had been repeated to me that morning, was to the effect that several years before a young lady had been shot in one of the rooms of this house by her father, while he was suffering from an attack of delirium tremens. She was sitting at the piano play- ing and singing when the fearful deed was com- mitted, and my informant told me that the sounds of ber playing had often been heard at night since, with other strange noises, and that flashing lights had been sen to accompany the sounds. When told this I had laughed at the whole story, much to the indignation of the narrator; but when alone in the silent house, without any light but the fitful gleams of the fire, which only served to inten- sify the gloom that enshrouded everything, a tremor ran through my whole frame and I wished myself anywhere but where I was. But nature will assert herself in spite of ghosts and other terrors, and wearied out by my long ride, I soon fell fast asleep. But as I slept t dreamt, and my dream was this-~As I lay there wrapped in my sweaty saddle-cloth, with one side of me nearly roasted by the fire, and the other almost frozen by the cold from the empty rooms, I fancied that from the darkest corner of the adjacent room a figure emerged, at sight of whom my heart almost ceased beating. Habited in a long white garment, his face as pale as death, eyes start- ing from their sockets, every line in his face, every nerve in his body witnessing the dreadful state of his mind : shacking from head to foot, and carrying a gun in his hand-the figure of the murderer (as my com- municative friend had described him to me in the morning) was before me. For a moment he appeared as if intently listening then he stealthily crept across the room towards the door. Cautiously, and as if in dread of being overheard, he opened it, and to my surprise the inner room to which it opened was brilliantly lighted and furnished in the most elegant style. Books, bric- a-brac, and ornaments arranged as only a Iady's hand can arrange such things, were spread about the room. At one side, plainly seen from my position for I had raised myself on my elbow purposely to see the interior, was a piano, and seated at it a young lady of about eighteen years of age. Even at tho risk of failing to do her justice, I must endeavour to describe tho beautiful being that now met my sight. Tall, and with a fully-developed figure, she dis- played all those charms of person that, even without a good face, are always sufficient to secure for a lady numerous admirers, but which added to the beauties she displayed would have made her an object of wor- ship wherever she had resided. Her hair long, black, and glossy, fell in the greatest profusion upon her snow-white neck, which appeared almost dazzling by contrast; her face was pale, but lighted by the most glorious brown eyes that ever shod tears. Truth, kindness, and tenderness were shown by them if ever eyes reflected those qualities. Her fingers appeared to be wandering idly over the keys of the piano (she had not noticed the opening of the door) for only subdued tones were produced at inter- vals. The murderer-for such I had no doubt he was -gazed on the being I have attempted to describe, with a fiendish expression on his careworn face. It appeared to me that in his delirious excitement he had concluded that the fair creature before him was the author of the pains he now experienced, and that he was not only justified, but fulfilling his duty, in putting her to death. For a moment he looked fixedly at the unconscious inmate of the room, and as he did so, faint as first but gradually growing stronger, the strains of a melancholy tune came from the piano. The murderer paused, and to my great terror looked round. Although he did not appear to see me, I caught a glimpse of his face, and shall never forget the expression on it. Huge drops of sweat stood on his ashy forehead, and he shook as if with palsy. Louder and louder swelled the plaintive notes and now they were accompanied by the tones of a strong, rich, contralto voice. At this point the man appeared to make up his mind, and again turned towards his victim, with a look of determination on his face that argued badly for her. Raising the gun to his shoulder, he paused for a moment, to me a dreadful moment of suspense. I tried to scream, but my tongue refused its office ; to rise from the ground, but my limbs felt powerless. But though I could not move. I saw the firelight, glancing along the barrel of the gun, marked the plaintive face of the damsel, and heard the sad strains proceeding from the piano. There wan a loud report followed by a thousand echoes and a scream of agony, and as I leaped to my feet everything was in complete darkness. Tremb- ling from head to foot with fear, immense drops of perspiration rolling down my face, I rushed to the gap in tho slab that admitted the moonlight. There I paused and looked back. The rays that, entered the house served to show me that it was perfectly empty. save for the rats, that, startled by the noise I had made, were scampering tn every direction over the sounding floor. As I gazed still fearfully, a cheery voice (oh ! how pleasant it seemed to me !) sang out "Rouse up there mates, and let us have a look at ye ;" and (then the loud crack of a stockwhip was heard. I walked out into the bright night, ans saw a stockman riding up to the house. Cïladly 1 heard that hu intended to \ Hpend tho night in tho di-.*erLcd house ; thtit lie liad ¡ blankets and enough food for both. After wa had I supped together, and wore enjoying a ooniíortablo : Hinoko bof oro tho replenished Tiro, 1 to J il him mydivum , ufa abort tinto before. Ho luugbed rathor uuioMv i though, anti looking over hin shoulder into th« doric- \ ness behind, when thc recital was finished, srdd, 1 ¡ " And so yo mistook my whistling and pim.'!mr I * Sweet spirit hear my prayer ' for thc planner and tito lady'» voioo, did yu. 1 lather flattering for ino j anyway." I "Yea." 1 ans wo rod, "and tho ern"»' r%f ti*** fnt* ! tho roport of a gun ; but what was tho ílauhing light i I saw and tho scream T hoard ?" *' Well, tho light most likely waa that or thesolltary I lighthouse yonder, mid the scream WM mn imitating . a native dog os I came np to tho house. They do give a most unearthly yell, to bo «uro." I Wo slept comfortably together, rolled in hid j blankots for tho remainder of tho nívhfc ; and in tho i morning wo partod, 1 seing my ? and ho poing his. 'I have passed tho plaoa many times since, but noror without an Involuntary shudder as I think of my " Night in a haunted lioiwo." ^ 