STRATH M EE.R The "Wellington," having taken on board a pilot, who came out in a small boat, in due time rounded the towering North Head, and entered Port Jackson, sailing between the opposite lines of cliffs, which formed im mense buttresses to the right and to the left. The scene, to English eyes, was very striking. The sandstone rocks on the shore jutting out into the water, the strange trees, the gums, with their light grey trunks predomina ting, the green grass, the shrubs, and all the peculiarities of the Australian landscape were scanned with eager eyes. Lord Strathmere's bosom swelled as he gazed upon the'land over which he had come to rule. He was the representative of his sovereign, and therefore virtually monarch of this great southern continent. He felt himself a king as he surveyed his new empire. His ambition was at last gratified. He felt that his life was a success, that his scheming and sinning had brought him to the result at which he had aimed. As he thus exulted, saying to himself that only one thing more remained to be desired, and that onething was the possession of Gerda Pelham, the girl approached him and stqod at his side. He turned to her, his face beaming. 'After all our 'perils, we are arrived at Sydney safely,' he exclaimed. ' Let us con gratulate each other, Miss Gerda.' Miss Pelham glanced in the direction of the forecastle. ' I wish to speak to you of Ralph Chandos, Baron,' she said, bravely, although her lips quivered, and there were tears in the sweet, fearless eyes upraised to his. ' I do not ask you to prove false to your ideas of duty, but I do ask you to spare him all indignities, such as the prison and hard labour. The very fact that he is a convict is a torture to him. Do not let it be added to by unnecessary torture, I beseech you.' ' Miss Pelham,' said the Governor- General, gallantly, ' whatever -I can dof tor Chandos shall be done-for your'sake.' The girl turned away, struck by the concluding words of his sentence, yet feeling lighter at heart. It was well for her that slie did not see the fiendish smile on his swarthy visage as he again looked shoreward, else her soul might have died within her. It was well she could not read his cruelly exultant heart as he said to himself : ' I will take care of Ralph'Chandos, Miss Gerda; never fear I shall forget him. I will takecare to visit upon him every horror known to convict life. I will huimble his spirit, gall his soul to the quick, and drive him to the very depths'ofdespair. And, finally, he shall die, and not even his ghost shall give me cause for jealousy. Yet I will play a double part. I will make the girl marry me to save him from some awful fate, and then, when she is- irrevocably mine, I will procure his death. So much success has made me bold 1' And he smiled like a demon. CHAPTER XVII. Sydney, at the time of which we write, although by no means so large or so prosper ous as it is at the presentday, was a some what irregular but highly picturesque town, with fine streets, handsome buildings, and ample parks and pleasure *grounds. The finest:park in Sydney'is known as the Domain. Attached to it are the Botanical Gardens; the Inner Domain, containing a fine collection ..of- living birds; and Government Hoise, the residence., of the Governor,' which is surrounded by especial and extensive grounds. It is to Government House that we now direct the' attention of the reader. The building is quadrangular in shape, very large and: handsome, situated upon an eminence, and commanding a view of the waters of Port Jacksor. Its air of stateliness and magnificence was well calculated to inspire its new incumbent with a high degree of his own importance. It was the day after the arrival ofthe"Duke of Wellington "at Port Jackson. The new Governor, Lord Strathmere, was seated at ai table in the pleasant breakfast room of the place. He had recovered somewhat from the fatigues of his prolonged voyage and disaster, and bore little resemblance to the forlorn and unkempt fugitive of Pinnacle Island. His hair and beard had been well trimmed, his ragged garments had been exchanged for broadcloth and fine linen ; his discontented and despairing., expression had been replaced by one of self- compi?dcence, of supreme con tent, of quite exultation. His swarthy face was flushed, his eyes sparkled, and he appeared to enjoy his luxu rious repast with the appetite of a gourmand. His compan:ou was Mr. Pelham. The round and rosy banker had recovered a good share of his former spirits. He was well costumed, and seemed already to have for gotten his recent privations and terrors. He beamed upon his companion with all his olden reverence for rank and title, and thought, in his own heart, that earth could afford him no higher joy than to become father-in-law to a peer of England and Governor- General ofAustralia. 'I am sorry that Miss Pelham is not able to join us at breakfast,' said the baron, sipping his light wine leisurely. 'We need her presence to perfect our enjoyment.' 'She will appear at dinner,' said tne banker, 'provided she can procure a suitable toilet. She is going out early upon a shopping ex pedition,' 'I will have a carriage placed at her service. While Miss Pelham occupies herself in shop. ping I will consult with my secretary and members of the council. My delay in arriving here has caused certain complica. tions, I understood, to which I must devote my immediate attention. Duty before pleasure must be the motto of a government officer, Mr. Pelham.' 'Certainly-certainly,' said the banker. 'I desire to call upon a correspondent here, and to attend my daughter, so my time will be fully occupied.' 'I beg you to make yourself quite at home,' remarked Lord Strathmere, arising. 'It shall be my study to make you and Miss Pelham comfortable and happy. We have passed through many dangers together, and, although I have never addressed one word of love to your daughter, my desire to make her my wife has increased and strengthened into the dominant purpose of my life. Her bravery, sweetness, delicacy, and perfect refinement and good-breeding, under circumstances calculated to try a soul to the utmost, have deepened my love and admiration for her. I assure you, Mr. Pelham, it would be the happiest day of. my existence-that on which I should make Miss Pelham Lady Strathmere, and install her mistress of this palace.' The banker's face flushed with pride and pleasure. SIt would be the happiest day of imy life also,' he acknowledged. 'To see my daughter preside over this provincial court would gratify me beyond measure. I am sure that Gerda likes you, baron-this much I may say with propriety. How much she likes you,' he added, with a smile, ' you must find out for yourself.' A shadow flitted across the dark face of the governor. ' I do not wish to risk rejection by speak ing too soon,' he said, moodily, walking to wards the window. ' Miss Pelham possesses extraordinary beauty, and cannot be insensible to the fact. She is a queen am'ng women, and fit to occupy a royal throne. How she can waste her affections upon a convict surpasses my comprehension.! ' But my dear Baron,' interrupted Mr. Pel ham, eagerly, ' her fancy for your unfortunate. cousin is a matter of the past. When he be came a convict, her affection tor.him at once ceased-' ' If I thought that,' said Lord Strathmere, 'I_ would risk everything and propose to her to-day.' 'It is so,' asserted the banker, confidently. 'It must be so. My daughter has been well brought up-as well as any young woman in England. It would not be proper for her to love a convict, and my daughter is not one to do anything improper.' 'Chandos is confoundedly handsome,' muttered Lord Strathmere, uneasily. 'And he acted very well upon our small-boat voyages. A romantic girl might easily make him out a hero. He had been a yachtsman, you know, and knowing best what to do, naturally took the lead. He did all the work, and was head and front of aflairs, besides saving us from the convicts, and all that sort of thing, so that she is likely to idealise him. A girl's first fancy dies hard.' 'It cannot survive the loss of respect,' declared Mr. Pelham. ' Gerda is grateful to Chandos for saving her life, and so am I; but, I assure you, Baron, she appreciates the distance between them, the awful pit he has digged with his own hands. She is an heiress, the daughter of an honourable man; he is a convict for life, his uncle's murderer. Even if she loved hini. still, she must know that her love is hopeless and worse than hopeless.' ' Yes, it is hopeless. He will live and die a convict I' 'Knowing that under any circumstances she could never marry him,' said Mr. Pelham, 'she must :soon forget him. She loves me as I love her. She will desire to please me. Need I say that all my parental influence will be exerted in your favour ? I. can safely promise . that Gerda will accept your offer whenever made.' 'Yet .1 must not be too precipitate,' said Lord Strathmere, thoughtfully. ' It is better to be too cautious than not enough so. When Chandos is disposed of, removed for ever from all possibility of seeing her again ; when she has had time to see what her position would be as my wile; when she shall have become infected with the gaieties of Sydney life and recovered entirely from her late adventures, I will speak, but not till then. Patience must be my motto. I always succeed in my undertakings; I shall not fail in this !' 'Ot that I am sure !' said the banker warmly. 'Remember that I appreciate the honour of your proposed alliance, and that Gerda will always heed my .wishes with re gard to her future settlement.' The two gentlemen shook hands. ' What is to become of Chandos?' asked Mr. Pelham, after a brief pause. 'Will his recent meritorious conduct weigh in his favor ?' The baron shook his head. 'I fear not,' he answered. ' He was sen tenced' for life, you know. Nothing he can do car mitigate his punishment. He will have to share the lot of all convicts. I have promised Miss Pelham to do all I can in his behalf, but you must realise my painful position, being his relative. I cannot prove false to my convictions of duty. I fear that the law must take its course.' Mr. Pelham expressed his regret, but ap proved his lordship's Spartan adherence to duty. After a little further conversation, the two gentlemen separated, Mr. Pelham going to his daughter's room and the governor pro ceeding to his council-chamber. An hour later, a carriage, drawn by two horses, and attended by a coachman and foot man in livery, drew up at the state entrance of the palace, and Miss Pelham and her father descended and entered it. They were driven directly to George- street, the principal thoroughfare of the town, where the best shops, hotels, banks, and the post office are located. It presented a scene at this hour of the morning, with crowds of pedestrians, and public and private vehicles, and seemed a small London. The shops proved excellent, and Miss Pel ham had no difficulty in procuring a neces sary outfit suited to her present require ments. A bonnet, a handsome shawl, furs and gloves were brought into immediate use. After visiting a dressmaker and giving her orders, the young lady resigned herself to the guidance of her father, whose money, fortu nately, had been upon his person at the moment of escape from the "Clvtemnestra," and who was thus able to meet the demands made upon him. In his turn, Mr. Pelham visited trades people, who supplied his requirements, or promised to do so with brief delay. 'Back to. Government House,' he com manded, upon re-entering the carriage. 'But return by a route that will give us some idea of the town.' The carriage proceeded along George street to Brickfield Hill, crossing Park- street to Elizabeth, and keeping in the pleasant shadow of Hyde Park. Turning into Macquarie-street, they passed the Houses of Parliament and several club houses, and entered Government House grounds. CHAPTER XVIII. Upon entering the palace, Miss Pelham proceeded directly to the handsome suite of rooms assigned to her. A maid had been procured for her, and she was in waiting for the return of her young mistress. She was a woman of some thirty years of age, with a sallow complexion, sharp features, a low, narrow forehead, and a pair of small, pale eyes, which were strangely uneasy and. furtive in their glances. i Her hair was of pale hay-colour, and plas: tered close to the sides of her head, giving' her a peculiarly meek expression. She was known as Susan Priggs. Like the other servants of the colony, she was a convict. She had been sent out from England, some three years before, for passing counterfeit money. Her record in England had been bad. She had been a thief, and a companion of thieves, and had been sentenced, upon conviction of the crime above mentioned, to transportation and penal servitude for seven years Since-her arrival at Sydney her conduct had been most exemplary. She had pretended to piety; had served three years in one family as nurse and house maid, and had only been returned to the authorities because her master had decided to remove to Melbourne, and had no further use for her services. Lord Strathmere's secretary had been applied to to find a maid, that morning, for Miss Pelham. He had seen this woman, learned her. history, and recommended her. After a brief interview he had ordered her to report for duty to Miss Pelham, and it thus happened that Gerda found the woman in her room upon her return. Susan Priggs's appearance was not pre possessing, and Miss Pelham felt an in stinctive repugnance to her at sight. She was too well-bred to display this aversion, and greeted the woman courteously with a bow. 'I am Susan Priggs, miss,' said the con vict-woman, introducing herself after a deprecating fashion. ' Your new maid, miss, as my lord, the governor, has just ordered to wait upon you. Shall I take your bonnet, miss ?' She removed Miss Pelham's wraps with a gentleness and dexterity that promised well for the future. 'Some parcels have come for you, miss,' she said, when she had wheeled a chair before the bright hearth for the young lady. 'Shall 1 open them and put your purchases away ?' 'Yes-but first tell me something about yourself, Susan. Are you English ?' 'Yes, miss, a Cockney, born within the sound of Bow Bells,' declared Susan Priggs. 'What brought you to Australia? Had you a friend here ?' The woman looked down at her dress. ' I am a convict, miss,' she said, meekly. 'I-was sent out for passing counterfeit money. But I was innocent. I am an innocent woman, I pledge you my word, miss.' Miss Pelham shrank somewhat further from her new attendant. She did not believe in the innocence so loudly vaunted. The woman looked capable of passing counterfeit money, and even of making it. She was like the still water that runs deep. ' If Lord Strathmere saw you, and deemed you a fitting attendant for me,' said the young lady, gently, ' I should surely have confidence in you. You may put away my purchases. I have a new gown which will answer for din ner wear. You may leave that out.' The gown in question had been bought of a dressmaker, who had just completed it for a young lady customer. It had been found to fit Miss Pelham, who had no difficulty in securing it. Luncheon was served in the young lady's room. In the course of the afternoon, Mr. Pelham came in from out-of-doors. He had already visited the barracks, Fort Macquarie, and other places of interest. He had formed many opinions concerning the climate, the system of government, and the management of convicts, and was anxious to ventilate them. Susan Priggs glided into the adjoining bed chamber and closed the door. Mr. Pelham looked after her wonderingly. 'An exceedingly unpleasant-looking per son, my dear,' he remarked. ' Who is she ?' 'The new maid whom Lord Strathmere has sent to attend me,' replied Gerda. 'She is a convict.' 'She ought to be with that face i Odd, isn't it, Gerda, to have thieves and scoundrels to wait upon us at the tables and in our rooms ? I don't doubt but she is as good as any other servant to be found out here, but I am sorry that we did not bring out a maid from Eng land.' 'You forget we could not find a suitable person willing to undertake the voyage, papa. I daresay that Susan Priggs will do as well as anyone, but I can't say that I like her looks. You have been to the barracks?' 'Yes, Gerda,' replied the banker, seating himself. Miss Pelham sat down beside him and took one of his hands in hers. She was pale, and there was a look of plead ing in her sweet, dusky eyes that appealed to her father's loving heart. 'Did you see him, papa ?' she whispered. 'Him? Ralph Chandos? Yes, I saw him.' 'He was at the barracks?' ' Yes, dear; dressed in convict- yellow, and looking desperate enough, not at all like the Ralph Chandos who was heir to theStrathmere barony.' The girl's frame quivered. 'Oh, papa l' she breathed. 'My poor, innocent, wronged Ralph I It is cruel cruel !' Her passionate outcry came from her very heart. 'I hoped you had grown reasonable, Gerda,' said her father, gravely. 'If Ralph Chandos had been innocent, his innocence could have been proved at his trial. Your sympathy is wasted upon a treacherous assassin.' The girl recoiled as if she had been struck a blow. 'Oh, papa,' she exclaimed1 'you- ought not to condemn Ralph as a murderer, you who know him so' well. Did he speak of me?' ' No, he never mentioned your name. He had delicacy enough to comprehend that the name of a pure young lady was not to be spoken in that foul atmosphere. He realises, if you do not, that the past is dead, and you are as far above him as a star is above a worm.' ' Oh, my poor Ralph-my poor dear boy I' cried the girl in a moaning voice. 'Papa, what will they do with him now ?' ' If he were a skilled mechanic, he would be set at some one of the public works. .The Government buildings, which you have ad mired to-day, are the work of convicts. 'As it is he may be put to work at the docks; he may be compelled to break stone and help build the public roads; he may be set to clean the streets ; or, what is most probable, he may be assigned as a servant.' 'He? Ralph Chandos?' 'Yes. Did you expect that he would he an exception to the general rule of convicts ?' ' But, papa, he was the heir of a barony; he is a university graduate, cultivated, refined, and noble. He to serve inferiors who may treat him brutally ! It is horrible. He is one of the proudest souls.' ' So much the worse for him. He has made his bed, let him lie in it. You will never see him again, Gerda. The sooner you forget him the better.' The girl clung to her father with both arms. 'Dear papa,' she whispered, 'you have always been so good to me, and now I want you to be better still. If Ralph can be assigned to any employer, will you not apply for him ? For my sake, papa.' ' And bring him to Government House, where we are only invited guests? Im. possible !' '.Then I shall ask Lord Strathmere to do so.' 'I forbid your speaking on the subject to the Governor,' said Mr. Pelham, with un wonted sternness. ' Do you suppose that the baron will wish to be perpetually reminded of his family disgrace by the presence of his un fortunate cousin ? Do you suppose that Chandos could bear to enter your presence in convict-garb as a. servant ? I tell you, he would rather break stones in the streets.' The words, although seemingly harsh, were just, as Miss Pelham could not help but acknowledge. Ralph Chandos could never bear to be a convict-menial in the house of his cousin, who had succeeded to his expected title and in. heritance, and who treated him as if he had been a criminal of the worst possible type. ' Then what can be done,' she asked, de spairingly. ' I cannot leave him to his fate. Dear papa, help me to save him.' The banker shook his head sorrowfully. ' There is nothing to be done, Gerda,' he said,' only to submit to the inevitable. This is a lesson you will have to learn, my child, like everyone else. Ralph Chandos has passed out of your life. Forget him as soon as possible. I desire never again to hear his name from your lips. You shall not wreck your life on his account.' There was a decision in the banker's manner that announced to his petted daughter that he had made up his mind against Chandos, and that all her pleading could not soften his heart toward our hero. Mr. Pelham presently withdrew, bidding his daughter dress for dinner. The young girl looked after him with an expression of resolution that ennobled and transfigured her lovely face. 'Give Ralph up !' she said to herself. 'Never ! He has only me in all the world to depend upon. I shall not fail him. But what can I do? Away from England, the scene of the tragedy that wrecked his life, how shall I hope to clear his name ? We are to remain here a year. It will be a year of torture for poor Ralph. How will he be able to bear it, or live through it ?' While her new maid assisted at her toilet, she busied her brain in plans for her lover's release and restoration to his rights. She had a plentiful allowance of pocket money. How should she best employ it in Chan dos's cause ? The question had not been solved when her father returned to take her down to dinner. Her dress of rich black silk, relieved by a. white lace fichu and bright ribbons, gave her a festal air. Mr. Pelham looked at her approvingly and with parental pride, and gave her his arm, conducting her down to the drawing-room. Lord Strathmere, in full dinner dress, was in waiting to receive them. He came forward and shook hands with Miss Pelham, complimenting her on looking so well after her fatigues, and presented his secretary to her. This gentleman, who had been secretary to the preceding governor, Lord Strathmere desired to continue in office, as he was thoroughly conversant, not only with his own duties, but with those of his superior. He was an Englishman, named Carew, of refined manners and perfect breeding. Lord Strathmere took Miss Pelham in to dinner, the other gentleman following. The repast was served with ceremony. After the return to the drawing-room, there were several calls from persons in authority, who hastened to pay their respects to the new governor. The evening was full of triumph to the baron. Miss Pelham retired early, and her father followed her when the last guest had de parted. 'Carew,' said Lord Strathmere, abruptly, when he found himself alone with his secretary, 'you must have heard of the dis grace brought upon my family by my cousin, Ralph Chandos, who murdered my poor uncle ?' The secretary bowed assent. 'Chandos came out m the same ship with me,' continued' the baron. ' He is a des perately bad fellow, and I desire to see him placed under the strictest possible restraint. He must not be assigned as a servant. He must be deprived of the faintest degree of Itberty. I want him worked in the chain gang, you understand.' Again the secretary bowed assent. 'But I dont want to appear in the matter,' said the Governor. 'I desire to keep my own hand out of sight. You can arrange it, I suppose ?' ;'?Easily enough, my lord. The slightest hint to that effect will be sufficient, provided he has not already been assigned.' 'That is very improbable. He is not the sort of a person one would select for a profit able servant., See to the matter the first thing in the morning, Carew, and mind that my name is not mentioned. I am the more anxious that he should be treated with severity,' he added, ' because people at home will watch to see if I treat him with favourit ism. No one will be able to accuse me of failing in my duty. The young man is thoroughly bad, and he must suffer the punishment he deserves.' TO BE CONTINUED. 