AMONGST. T,.HE CHURCHES EVERY-DAY RELIGION. RE J. H .PorrE L.A., of Elstern wick, preached in the Presbyterian Church Williamstown, at morning and eveningservice, onSundaylast,andinthe afternoon he delivered an address to the Sunday School children. Mr. Potter, though ayouung man, isan able preacher, and his Christianity is of a broad and practical type. His address to the children at the Sunday School was full of interesting narratives, and was much more agreeable to the youthful audience than heavy theological matter. En the evening, Mr. Potter took for his text Titus, 2.10 -"That they may adorn the doctrine of God our Saviour in all things." The rev. gentleman said his subject was every-day religion. The re ligion of Christ is a life to be lived. Religion ought to enter into every-day life, into everything, we do. The sun hines Wrh the'reatest aso theuieastr of objects-on hill, dale, sea, mountain, forest, plain and on the tiny flowers of the field. And so should our religion shine on the smallest duty, as well as on the noblest occupations of life. When wego about our daily business, teaching a school, directing the state, sweeping a floor or hewing stone, there is a religious work for the servants of Christ. Religion was never made for certain seasons and times, for some holy-day or church festival, but to enter common life and to attend us in whatever station it has pleased God to call us. Many persons ate attentive to the outward forms of religion but shrink from the Christian's yoke and burden, and never acquire the fixed habit of doing that which is right, of thoroughly fulfilling their duties to God and man. It was a quaint saying of Roland Hill " I would give nothing for the Christianity of that man whose very horse,. dog and cat are not the better for his religion." What proof is it of our being justified by faith if we yield. willingly to what is wrong, and what extenuation is it to say that the evil was too strong to be resisted such an attempted mitigation is very unworthy of the theory, and most dishonoring to the Master we profess to serve. Religion refuses to bring down her standard to our fallen con dition. She does not stoop to conquer. She insists that, we should be just, as God is just, perfect, as the Father in Heaven is perfect Religon is meant to cleanse our daily life. Unless the merchant take it to business, the sailor to sea, the servant to the kitchen, unless men and women carry it with them into their ordinary daily avocations their religion is a niere sham. It must be a power and force in our lives, or it is not the true re ligion which Christ came to reveal, and which be made possible by His life, death and example. The true way to adorn the gospel of Christ is by follow ing His example. The life of Christ was a real human life-His was 'not the brief visit of an angel; He was born in the likeness of our sinful flesh. He lived;more than thirty years on this earth, He camejinto contact with sin anid temptation, 'ad in all points was tempted as we are. He hungered and was athirst.-- He- wept; He incuired' the enmity of foes, and was deserted by. His friends,' He prayed that His death doom might be recalled -that the cup might pass, if it were possible. His life should be a pattern to ours. To adorn the doctrine of Christianity we must be Christ-like, we must be filled with His Spirit so as to be able to resist the corrupt things of the world. Then, we may walk through the fire and not be burnt; through the waters and not be overwhelmed. The Divine Light must shine upon the dark places of the heart Nothing is so beautiful as light, nothing does its work so beautifully and unobtrusively., The Christian's quiet, holy walk through life is a manifestation of the true light it scatters the shadows: around him, and illuminates the dark; world. The Christian is an epistle of Jesus Christ. -an epistle known and read by men; an epistle written not in ink, but with the Spirit of God. Such a living epistle cannot fail to be understood. Religion is no mere beautiful fancy or pious dream. It enables us to set our affections on things above, enables' us to face the great realities of life. It shows us not only what should be done, but what can be done in our daily inter course with mankind. It Leaches us charity, kindness, humility, to be long suffering, to bear others burdens, to trust in God and place a calm, unalterable confidence in his goodness. By thus exhibiting a sweet, gentle Christ-like demeanour one be comes a reflex of thles Master's character, and cannot help:adorning the gospel of our Sa-iour. Every-day religion will cause men to understand the poaer of that faith which constrains us to live, not only for ourselves but for others. Order daily life with a proper re vetence to the will ani wishes of the lmighity. We may never preach or lecture, but by that charity which hopetli and proveth all things we can attract by showing it to be beautiful. The gospel demands from us piety and holiness in every relationship of life, courtesy, kindness and generosity; it requires us to be honest and just in all our dealings-it does away with light weights and scant measures, it removes the sand from the sugar, the water fiorn the milk, the pride from the heart. If we are Christ's at all, we are intended to be God's witnesses to the world, in our homes, connting-houses, at our entertainments. Let men see that the Kingdom of God ii not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace, by which the Holy Ghost through us (living epistles of God) would speak to a world lying in wickedness. By keeping a conscience void of. offence towards God and man, we may adorn the doctrine of our Saviour and manifest the beauty of the Christian profession. 