Wooed on the Silver Sea; OB, Kingscliff Tower. , CHAPTER VI (Continued). The sentence was never completed The darkness of the twilight had beeu succeeded by a denser darkness, and oat of that horror there barst a body of fire which for a moment illuminated the room, and made the opposite shore and the now crowded beach below as clearly distinguishable as they usually were in the full glare of the meridian sun. Then followed a long, low, rambling sound, that gradually swelled uatil it burst, apparently right overhead, shaking the earth, and drowning tbe hoarse moaniog of the waves, and the weird whistling of the water-laden winds. 1 or a nioment the light within the pale pink globe of the lamp which had been burning all the afternoon, burned low and jellow. Then another long, blinding flash of lightning eame, followed by a still greater volley of heaven's artillery, which shook the bouse to its massive foundations ; and the light of the lamp, after flickering awhile, went out, leaving the horrified gentlemen in utter darkness. " Ring for lights/' at length Sir Robert cried. " When I can reach the bell, sir," replied Wolverton, as he cautiously moved in the direction of the fireplace. Presently he rang a long peal. A terrified footman in a short time appeared with a candle. \ " Bring as some lights immediately," cried the baronet. " Yes, sir," replied the man, as he turned to retire'frith the candle. '< Leave the candle, Thomson," said Wolverton. < " Yes, air," and he placed it on the table. " What the deu"e is the matter with you?" cried Mr Dunr^ij, impatiently. " I. can't help it, sir," returned tbe footman. " Just no*, sir, the batler and me were coming trom the hall, and we see her ladyship as plain as the nose on your face. Sir Robert, agazing in at the window o' the breakfast-room.'* " Her ladyship V gasped the excited baronet. " Ay, Sir Robert, just as she used to be before she died. There were the pale face an 1 the large eyes, an 1 the black satin dress. We conld see the black cap which she wore in the house, wi* the long lace ties falling over her cheeks on to her shoulders.'* " Hold your tongue, fool 1" shouted the lately bereaved husband. " Have you all gone mad ?" He paused, for the poor servant now stood as if transfixed, his eyes smarting with horror from their sockets, and his hand extended in the direction o f the window near which Wolverton had been standing. Father and son turne d and saw a pale face close to the ' ;lass, surrounded by snch drapery as thl : footman had jast described imperfectly. The Isrge dark eyes seemed monrnfally fixed upon ttiem. Sir Robert made a step forward, saying in a awed, whisper : " Ma rion— is it yon, Marion ?" Ano ther blinding flash of lightning came., and then the additional horror of tbe beavy thnnder. When tbe appalled sprjetators again glanced at the window, the pale face bad disappeared. n Wolverton—my son," moaned Sir Robert) "thank Heaven I hare not corsed Dacre! Did yoa not recogniee *he/act of the dead ?" CHAPTER VIL OK THE ROCKS IK THE HOONLIOK?. When something like order had been obtained in the household of KingscliS, a fresh source of excitement arose. The gentlemen had soon overoom • the surprise into which they vowed they had been led unconsciously by the stupid Thomson, but the female members of the servants' hall continued to go into hysterics, as they prevailed upon the butler—who ought to have T known better—and the senior footman to rerelate their first and final encounters with the ghost of her ladyship. The lightning still continued, but the flashes were so distinct, and thunder peals came after longer intervals, and evidently the sounds travelled back from longer and longer distances. A continuous fall of rain for an hour greatly subdued the storm, snd then the moon straggled oat from a break in the dark scudding clouds. The first silver glow upon the heaving waters disclosed to the weary watchers on the beach a sight that nearly paralysed the strongest of them. ' Rolling ' close in shore, driven by the soath-east gale, was a large steamer, whose paddle-box lights were now discerned "or the first time. " Hollo 1" cried an old pilot. " It's , the old Norseirin 1 What have they put the old tub on the line again for ?" " One screw boat's being painted, and the other broke hzr shaft in the up trip yesterday," replied a oompanion. " What can have brought him so w close in shore ?" cried the first speaker. " He ought to ha' kept right out to sea in the teeth 0' the wind. Say, lads," he continued, in a lower tone to a group of stalwart fishermen standing apart from the women who thronged the pier and jettyhead, "It's about time you got the key of the lifeboat house. That there steamer'll never weather Kingsdiff Foot. If there's a lot o* passengers cm board, Heaven help them, say I.'* The captain of the Norseman appeared to owe his knowledge of his vicinity to land as much to the light of the moon as the fishermen did. Now that he saw the danger of his position, he pressed on full steam and headed seaward, steering due east; but this brought the wind and the heavy waves upon his starboard bow, and the low reef of rocks called Eingscliff Foot, which jutted out from the base of the bold promontory upon which the tower stood, lay close to leeward. The oldfashioned wooden craft, with her heavy, towering paddle-boxes, showed a vast amount of material calculated to make tbe forces of the wind and the crested billows powers to be feared. The fisher folks, who had experienced eyes, saw in a moment that nothing but a miracle oould saw the ship, and so a low cry rose from their lips of mingled fear and pity. A wooden shed covered the lifeboat* and now the crew were hauling the carriage containing the oork-gunwaled boat down to the wooden slide, by whioh she was usaally floated. " What's keeping the master so long at tbe Tower, I wonder?" asked old Jem Corner. " He's mostly here when the old boat is wanted." " He's not so smart as he was, the old chap," remarked another fisherman, " and Master Wolverton doesna bother much wi' they things." " No ; dash him 1" cried the bowman of the boat. " He's not like his brother. Master Dacre's the man for my money." ^ " Ay, Master Dacre. Now you've spoken," agreed old Jem. " I only wish he were here now ; bat we must lose no time. Here comes the old captain and the new parson. Seems a rare built-up fehap, too, for a parson." Captain Eden, clad in his goldbuttoned pea jacket, here broke through, tho crowd, followed by the Reverend MrX^ Carnegie, who had been one of the eights of the Alma Mater. The veteran looked long and wistfully at the struggling steamer. Every wave, now that she had come so dose in shore, was making a clean breach over her. The long Made line of rocks bordered by the white boiling foam, caused by tbe water breaking over it, seemed like a dark serpent gliding nearer and nearer to its prey --the doomed vessel. A red glow of fire rose from the top of the black funoel, and, ever and anon, as the bow of the vessel plunged in the trough between two waves, the port paddle rose high in the air, and the wheel was seen revolving for a short interval at a rapid rate clean out of the water, proving thvt all the available power of steam, up to danger point, had been pressed on by the despairing officers to save the ship and her valuable human freight. At last in the green, murky moonlight something was seen by the people on shore to be floating half-mast high— a flag of distress. Then, as if fearing that this might not be eeen, gun after gun was fired in rapid succession. " It's all over, lads," cried Captain Eden. " In with her." In with her it was with a will. A few hearty cheers were given as the old lifeboat floated proudly on the smooth water within the pier. At thie juncture two female figures muffled in long waterproof cloaks hurried up to the side of the veteran. " The young ladies from the abbey," whispered tbe people. " Is there any danger ?" asked Lucy Burtleman, raising her blue eyes to those of tbe old sailor. " Bless my soul!" cried that gentleman, " the heiress's pretty companion. Don't you know you ought to be safe under battened-dowo hatches; sad bert is Mies Carrington herself. Right about—march. No mutiny here. Off you go." (To hi eonHnvtdfJ 