Heat Food for Nervous People. I Fobs is Rood for nervous persons, bat is not easily digested. Wild game is excellent. Fish is good fornervbus people. -. Eggs boiled just enough to harden the whits are easily digested. It is a mistake about people eating too much. The majority do not eat enough. Nervous dyspepsia comes from working too hard and n >t eating enough. When a man begins to suffer from overwork he should eat plenty of good bread and butter, drink two quarts of milk a day, and eat plenty of good meat. Wnen such a person resorts to a vegetable diet he grows weaker and loses his nerve power. At a meeting of the Anthropological Insti tute, Mr. James G. Fraser read a paper on "Certain Burial Customs, ts illustrative of the Primitive Theory of the Soul.”' The Homans hafl a enstom that when a than who had been reported to have died abroad're turned home alive, he should enter his house, not by the door, bnt over the roef. This enstom (which is stHl observed in Persia) owed its origin to certain primitive beliefs and customs with regard to tne dead. The ghost of an unburied man was. supposed to hannt and molest the living, especially his relatives. Hence the importance attached to the burial, of the dead, and various precautions were taken that the ghost should not return. When, tho body ot a dead man could not bo found, he was fanned in effigy, and this fiotitions burial was held to bis sufficient to lay the wandering ghost, for. it is a principle of primitive thought that what is done to the effigy of a man is dons to the man himself. The Director read a paper by Admiral F. S. Tremlett, on the “ Sculptured Dolmens ol the Morbihan" (North-west France.) Abont 80 sculptures bad been found, invariably on the interior eurfeces of the -eag- stones and their supports. _ It is remarkable that they areoon Jined within a distance of aboot 12 miles,and are all situated near the ata-coast,beyond which, although the megaliths are numerous, there is a oomplete absenee of sculptures. The eenlptures vary In iutrioaey, from eimple wave lines and cup- markings, to soma that have been oompered to the tattooing at the New Zealanders.—Sscwfedye, 