THE BOUCIOATFLT SEASON AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. BY "PRESTO." ' For the last few weeks the patrons of the drama have been very inuch gratified by the fine performances of the Boncicault family, at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne. The name Boucicault, in connexion with theatrical matters, is now historical. For the last 30 yeara Mr. Boucicault has been prominently before the public, both. ,as aa actor and an author. It is .seldom' given to men to be able to dellniate characters as well as to .write pr adopt playp. Aa an author principally, I think Mr. Dion Boucicault fame rests ;' at the same title it must be candidly admitted that he is a capable actor, and that comedy is his forte. During hie career he has prod'uce&au; extraordinary number of plays, and having a long stage experience, he is able to descriminate how to set his points, so that- he may win the BympathieB and admiration of the audience. His style is inclined to the sensational, and in the plots -ofsotne of displays events are carried ooin a manner not usual in actual life. Of coarse,, allowances must be made to authors, and t^ey are. not slow to take the fullest advantage of them. The names iof a few of Boucicauit's pieces Will bring to the minds of lovers of the drama many fhappy.-recdllectlons. London Ascurance," one of the best comedies ever v r i t t £ n t e ^ D o t j m m e and suffering in London ; " Under the Gaslight." 1 typyfyi'ngHita ih New York ; " The Flying-Scud," racing Hfe pictured in its hideous, aud at the same time humorous aspects *, "The Colleen Bawn," " The SbauRbraun,"-" Arrah-na-Pogue," and " Kerry." "All pictures iof different phases of the Irish peasant. There are many morn, but the foregoing could not be called a short list, supposing he had not mitten any more. Being an Irishman he fairly'revels in such characters as •Kerry'.-or "Conn, The Shaughraun." His latest production was. a.'-comedy' called " The Jilt." Mr. -Boucicault started with-'comedy, and if he could only now produce something equal to " London Assurance^' with his great experience thrown In, it wonld be something to look forward to. I saw " The Jilt," bo* whether it was because I bad & bad sea or the house was crowded, I did., no enjoy it:so much ss I anticipated.. There is no doubt, there was a good deal of wit and satire, and when Mr. Boucicault was on, things went'well, but on his disappearance the comedy "dragged." It is another horsey piece, and the length to which dramatiBta can go, was fully ex emplified. A rider in a race is thrown off juBt before the start, and as Ahe horse is so vicious that no one can .go near him to mount him, the difficulty is got over by a young : lady—to 'whom' the horse is greatly attached—being lifted on its back, and winning the'race easily—a very unlikely thing, seeing that ladies have not up to the present time appeared as jockeys. The other night I went to see the company for the last time, and now give your readers a few lines abont the performance. The first piece was " Kerry," or as I" have seen it otherwise entitled " Kerry, or Sight and Morning." It is one of Mr. Boucicanlt'e best efforts, and is; a .^roat : favourite Melbourne people.' The story is 1 simple. A ybnng officer is supposed to 'have been lost at -eea by shipwreck. His widow is in a very depressed-'-condition, epgraVated by-a \--serious illness that followed the newB of her husband's death. An old servant named : Kerry, who 'had been*' in the -family before -Gerald' (the husband) was born, continues in the service and tries to console the supposed widow, by telling her that he has heard of such things as people coming 'back, when they were-supposed lost for-ever. Of course, 3verry didn't believe a word he was saying. One day he was lamenting the continued weakness of his mistresB, and was -wishing he could only have the chance of waiting on " the master" again. r To Us unalterable surprise and confusion,Gerald walked-in, the latter being rather disappointed that thiBre ^was -not a demonstration to meet him, as be Had previously cent word of his escape, and speedy return, but the .letter-miscarried. Kerry's acting at this particular moment was very good. He thought his master was a ghost and trembled visibly, until he got hold of his hands and assured himself. After he got over ths start himself, hs considerately thought of Blanche (the wife), and the husband 1b hustled into a room just in time to save another scene. A sister of the husband lives in the house, and she is soon informed of the return of her brother, and the. excitement increases. She is commanded by K«riy not to show any signs of joy, as Blanche is now so weak that the greatest care has to be taken of her. When the wife comeg into the ' room - again she notices the improve'd to >ks of Kate (the sister) and Kerty, and wishes to know the cause. The bye play'of Mr. Boucicault at the juncture was laughable. He dusted the fender and fire-irons, chairs, mantlepiece, &c;, and tried to appear athU ease, but be only increased the uneasiness of his mistress, for whose welfare he was so solicitous. He farther tries to impose on her by telling her a suppositious story of the return of a son of a widow in the village. Blanohe is surprised at- the story, as she never heard that the widow had a son. Blanche is so taken up by the tale, that she goes to see the widow, and of couree finds that she has been deceived. She reproaches Kerry, but he feels that it was for a righteous cause: The wife, however, comeB to the conclusion -that there mutt he some" news, and commands Kerry and Kate to tell her the . worst or best. The news is broken as gently as possible, hut all ends happily by Gerald dashing into the room, and Blanch*. falls fainting in his arms. Of course Kerry is the hero of the occasion, and well does he deserve the applause, for his. picture of a true and faithful servant. The only other artist that I have seen In the same character was Mr. J. G. Williamson ; and, notwithstanding that Mr; Boucicault was 1 'the author of the piece, I preferred Mr. Williamson's conception of Kerryl .-Miss Thomas played the, supposed widow with oreat taste and discernment, and was well received. Miss Boucicault, as Kate, Mr. Boucicault, jun/, as Captain ~Col3- ham, and Mr. Herbert Fleming, aa Dr. Mellish, all helped, successfully to bring aboht a good result. The second piece, " Arrah-ns-Pogue," is so well known that it is not necessary to give any account of the plot. It seems to contrast Mr. Boucicault's versatile powers. As Kerry, he depicts an old man, and as Shaun, a supple young fellow of, say -25. His youthful makeup and lithe movements,are wonderful for a .man of his ^aars. On the day of his wedding at the festivities he sang " The Wearing of the Green," and very well, too. Shaun is a great favourite with the audience, and makes love to Arrah in such a jovial.way,-that to the end of the perfopnancehis upB and downs are the main features of .the drama. All through his troubles, Shaun kept up his vivacious spirits, and at the end when he escapes from prison and hears of his pardon, he ' is applauded much' in the same way as if it were an act of real life. The next character to Mr. D. Boucicault in point of importance was that taken by his son, Mr. D. Boucicault, jun., Michael Feeney- This young gentleman is apparently going to emulate the success of his father on the stage. He gave a most wonderful picture of the crawling, cringing, and despicable . process server. Although playing directly against the feelings of his audience, he kept up the repulsive nature of"the character to- the end, 'and at the <dose of each act was loudly called for and heartily .groaned at-—a great compliment to him. Arrah Meelish (Miss Boucicault), was well played, 'and she is .rather a. noble character. She has the sympathy of the hoUBe always with her. Miss Thorudyke, as Fanny Power, was only a partial success. The " O'Grady " of Mr. Vincent was a favourite character, and there was a good deal of amusement caused by the bluff style in which he tried to talk over two members of the court martial . to find Shaun not guilty, -as he had promised a lady that he would get *Shauu off. Hethoughtit was of more importance keeping his word to the lady than that the law-should be vindicated. 'The remainder of the caste was up to the | Theatre Royal standard, find all helped : to the best of their several abilities to bring credit to themselves and the author. Some beautiful scenery had been specially painted for the occasion by .Messrs. George Gordon and John Hei nin^s. There have been two excursions from the country, Sandhurst and i?allarat, as the company's -time is so planned but that they could jiot make a tour in the country. Mr. - Boucicault begins his Sydney season and -farewell" to the icoloiiies.oh the 29th of August. 