„,A. WEIRD GHOST STORF. I had just returned from Toronto— whither I had (tone to. estimate the cost of a public work—with an amusing party of friendB. The train was delayed a few hours near VandreuiL When I left the tumbledown . Bonavetiture station the night was very late, the weather wet and windy, the street a long series of puddles flickering 'under the gas. Hurrying along I crossed street corners diagonally, kicking up about the curbstones heavy masses of new-fallen leaves. At the street door I stood for a few moments fumbliug with my latchkey. Were I impressionable I might have thought, ao strangely did the wind act, that unseen fingers clutched my garments and that forms scarcely impalpable interposed between me and the dark hall.within 3... With «ome aid from a match I felt my way up two pair of stairs and. stood within my" room. Lighting the gas I looked around. -Though nothing was un familiar or changed a singular air of desertion pervaded the place. I shivered slightly, .being strangely chill, and for a moment thought of abandoning the inten- tion of taking a bath before bed. But to turn in with that grimy feeling which cornea from a long railway journey was out of the question. Nor was I sleepy. On the contrary, my senses seemed almost preternaturally acute, and my head delightfully clear and capable. Go to bed ! Kay. There w«ire some intricate calculation? of strains required next day and to which I determined to devote myself after baihiig. - It was not that I did not wish to go to bed, but that I knew I could nut sleep and that I dreaded the horrors of insomnia from which I had once Buffered. X remembered regretting that my doctor had ordered me to give up smoking, for a pipe would, perhapB, have given me a drowsy feeling. Down to the bath room I went, and turning 'on the water, regained my room. Certainly there was not the least unusual sound in descending - or ascending the stair. , It is possible to believe that my aefvous ' condition can have changed greatly, changed without cause, during the short tirre, after going back to my room, while I was engaged in undressing. As all in the house hid long beenv jn fed ihere -was no.danger of meeting' any •on the stairs in my semi-nude coudition, ! so i threw off my coat, my waistcoat and white Shirt, pulled off my boots, and thrust my feet.'inioalippers. Then I wound up my: .watch, laid, it tinder my pillow, brtishud my teeth and read a page or two of Lord Raleigh's address before the British Association. These particulars are mentioned that all may understand how perfectly I remember ereiy occurrence ;of a eight on, which I was entirely calm and observant. With towels, matches, flesh brush and sponge on arm or in hand, I attempted to opeajmy-dpoc., for a.moment it refused *fo open, "being held in some unexpected fashion, then it came to my hand with.fcraah. The gas light violently bent and swayed with • quick drift -of air to andT^tfa'pugh*, the open windows. Yet. some torce" acting in a contrary direction aharply closed the door behind me. Groping-to the head of the stairway. I paused in the absolute darkness. From the water falling in the bath-room there was a faint monotonous roar. Suddenly a child's"voice-broke on the gloom in a wild but not loud tone of appeal, " You won't be dead or go away mother ! The voice I knew well; it was that of my landlady's second daughter, a little girl of 6 or 7, who slept on my flat. So clear a treble breaking so suddenly with an exclamation so quaint on the deep stillness of the night was weird and startling. What had disturbed the child's sleep 1 What haft mysteriously touched her J As yet no definable thing seeming to indicate supernatural presences had occured. But now, having taken three steps downward, . I stopped-—my blood running heavily and cold, a creeping tremor and thrill of ekin over my whole body! What seemed a footstep had fallen behind me, close behind me ! An unusual'faotfall! Not the least shuffling sound,' not a creak of leather, not an impact as of a thing having weight, no suggesfiop of a human agent in the sound! It dropped lightly "and stopped. With an intensely strained hearing I listened for some -further indication of movement. Nothing! Save for the pour and gurgle and roll of water into the bath the stillness was intense! X reasoned that the sound had been a delusion. The stair stretches had given with my weight! But I dared not turn my head. There was that sensation of mortal cold behind the ears ! Hastily I took two -more steps, and now stood clutching the railing in exti^fiiejej'ror, shaking and trembling with the increasing mystery. Distinctly had the thing fallen lightly behind, me again —so'close! * It was as though some very light person, some almost imponderable body, bad jumped after me with one foot a little in advance of the other. In this presumed action there was a suggestion of trickiness such as often goes with malignity^ ' - ; • ' ' . Now igain began the conflict of reason against the horror that beset me—to account for the sound was impossible except on'thp assumption of a spiritual presence persuade myself that the sound was no sound but a mere imagining bred <jf dirkuess I could not. The effort to 1 regard it as an illusion but sank me deep ihto the conviction that I had well and truly heard, whence the feeling—at first largely a mete corporeal one caused by the strangeness of the thing—changed to a soul shaken fear'of the imminence, of a force, supernatural and probably malign. The child then had apprehended something portentous in her sleep ! Now could hear the ticking of the loud clock in the basement above the gurgle and "drop" of the water that, pouring into a nearly full bath, more faintly pervaded the air, and now I could well hear, too, the rapid trim-hammer beating of. my heart 1 Space seemed widening about me and the Immensities possessed the reeling air ! Turn back ? For what! It would be no less with me ! And should I yield to, though 1 1 might be unable to avoid the fear » Again I went down—one—two—three —four—it had followed ! Stepping in time with, me, stopping as I.stopped, resting always on the step. I had left! Mortal nerves were not made to endure a. thing so strange. What, was that breath on my cheek J . With the teusion my power -of sight, seemed to increase and pierce the darkness. Faintly outlined were the doors of the fiat I approached. The dim light through the curtained light of the front door let me see down the well- hole the forms of furniture in the hall Everything was real, familiar, commonplace. All gave me assurance of reality in my experiences ; that the sound behind me was a real sound, and, by inference, that an invisible, impalpable and sentient existence was haunting my footsteps ! But it was impalpable 1 I could at least ascertain that. Nervously, shrinkfearing I know not what strange contact, I thrust my hand into the dark behind. Nothing there but the void' air I In desperation I turned to face the thing—to look—nothing there but "the" blackness of darkness. With outstretched' aroiB I felt the space from balusters to wall. Nothing 1 I nerved myself to take step upward. Still..nothing The' mysterious foot did not retreat before me. \ Once more "I turned dowb stairs. Agaiu ! keeping exact time, pausing ai. ,1 paused, it followed till, overcome *with ^ the terror, I leaned trembling against the: wall, standing on the lowest step'but one. \- Out on the street a late cab rattled' by. The water could now be heard faintly from the bath. ' With loud, reverberant strokes swung the pendulum of the clock. By a great effort I restrained an" inclination to call on the sleepers near' me. Lighting a match I looked fearfully around. Tlere were the walls familiar with a pattern seen a thousand times be fore, but never, till then, in detaiL In that brief fire light were visible the keys of the doors, the panels, the brush streaks of their punt, a spider web in the ceiliug corners, minutest parts of old fashioned cornice and centre-piece, the very threads of the worn carpets, some half-burned matches dropped by lodgers, a geranium petal just outside the door of the pretty girl 1 I could make a long catalogue of trifles, of marks, always in that hall but never seen by me till that period of ^training vision to perceive some hint or outline of the impalpable and -invisible haunter. The match flickered, its flame died.' I held the glowing, friendly, ember aloft till it expired, and again I - was alone with the dreadful datk, and the thing which followed once more. To the bath room I turned ; it was close behind me. But.no longer footfall —not now a sound of alighting. Instead there was a very faint, low sound as of a light weight being dragged} Instantly Che truth flashed on my mind, and reaching backward I clutched at the lengthy suspenders which dragging and falling from step to step had excited sensations that the most experienced ghost might* have been proud of producing.— -Detroit Free Press. 