ItIsXl Ghost Stories. There is a very strange story connected with an old houBe in St. Stephen's Green, Dublin, which was at one time the residence of the gay and beautiful Ludy Clare. It was untenanted for a lone time, and then taken by some ladies for the purpose of establishing a school. The house waua quiet and peaceable enough, except on certain nights of the week, presumably recep tion nights, . , when . the doors would "be shut and opened ; numerous foot steps would be beard, wia too un mistakable sound of high-heeled shoes en the. floor, and the rustle of silken trains, and all the noise f the arrival ef a numerous company 01 wwi uimw was ever seen, though people washed con stantly, till at last the ladles, with their school, had to decamp elsewhere ; and a 'gentleman, who -IhOghed at the' idea of ghosts, took it, -and. went to reside there. But he laughed too soon, for very shortly the nocturnal uproar became so unbearable that be, too, had to depart. The house was then takpn by some nuns, who dehbt less thought that their pretence would soon quell the unholy tumult. But , they were mistaken ; the gey company stilt held high revel on their accustomed nights, till, as a last resource the house 'was pulled down, and the Loretto Chapel stands in Its place. Irish ghosts are often as pugnacious and quarrelsome ea their retfitn to the world as they were before they Itlt i$ ; Indeed, ife is not" long ago since I heard of a boy being crushed to death by a ghost. This boy, his father atid 8istor, were aR sleeping in a- roem, ; is a larflb lipase which had toe reputation . ' of ' haunted -by nd less than two ghqete, -each, one ryhig tilth ' the : ©th«>r In wickedness. TheatfaBreaid heWoktifofche night with ft feeling of 1 a "fiearfkl trelit pressing down and hrnKhig if and though he Was perfectly aware ten was borne killed, ho ooulfl not ftlf to save hhn. When he at Inst recovered himself sufficiently to rush ont for ateiBtonct the poor lad was dead, and quite black though without any mark of violente Probably tbk might be aooounted tor by some poison ous gases ; but, anyhow, the ghost got the eredftof it. \- -?l ' 