THE CARDINAL'S DISCOURSE. His Eminence, during the presentation of the addresses, acknowledged each, and kissing of hands having taken place in some instances he ascended tho pulpit and dolivered a discourse. He said : Dearly- beloved in Christ, — Returning to day to tho beloved flock entrusted to mo by the Good Shepherd of souls, it ia my first duty to lift up my heart in thanksgiving to the Father of mercies and tho God of all consolation in that, without any merits of mine. Ho has been pleased to puido my stops and to lead mo back unco moro in safety amongst you. - It is my next duty to convey to all the faithful of this diocese, to the clergy and the laity alike, tbo since rest expression of my gratitude for their devotedness in promoting every work of rcligiou and chanty of which, during these months of my absence, they have given abuudant proof and for their constant affection towards myself, as shown forth in their unin terrupted prayers to heaven In my bohalf and in that moro than royal ' welcome which they have this day accorded me. I have been absent, iudced, from tbe diocese for a much longer per iod than I could have wished, but I do not think that 1 err when I avow that I have been ever present with yoU in spirit. There were many fatigues and anxieties inseparable from the duties that devolved on roe during the past mouths, but I trust that they shall be fruitful of blessings to \ithe Australian church and I endured them with content ment! faud withgfjoy because they afforded an opportunity to promote in. some small mea sure at least those spiritual interests which are doarer to me than life itself. But X must not forget that there are many beside? my own spiritual ilock who, with unparalleled enthu siasm aud affection, have desired to welcome the llrst Australian Cardinal coming to these shores. To all I beg to tender this grateful ex pression of my sincerest thanks. Tho Holy Father, Pope Leo XIII., iu conferring tho dignity and privileges of Cardinal upon me. has proclaimed to the world the special favor aud affection with which he regards tho whole Australian church. Other missionary countries have attained this dignity only after loug centuries of spiritual fruitfulness. Tho 60 years that have elapsed since the first Vicar-Apostolic landed upon our shores are only a suort span in a people's history, but the present illustrious Pontiff, ever watchful over the interests even of the remotest missionary lands, has not failed to recognise that in this favored contiuent of Australia, the church has already, like the forest oak on genial soil, cast deep its roots, and growing with steady and stately growth, has begun to display beneath the Southern Cross the full vitality and vigor of the ages of faith. Providenco has never failed to raise up great Pontiffs to meet tbo requirements of tho age in wliich they live, and the. present succes sor of St. Peter is no exception to that golden rule. Despoiled of the temporal sovereignty of those states which have been justly styled thu patrimony of religion aud charity, hu no longer enjoys tho freedom that is required for the complete discharge of his sacred duties. But though hu is a prisoner in the Vatican, his roaster mind, onlighteued by the Spirit ot God, has not failed to grasp tho manifold wants of society in our days, and by those sublime cuoydicals which, replete as they are with heaveuly wisdom, bring us back to the golden age of Inuocent IIL, he has en deavored to awaken the consciences of men to the auti-Christian lawlessness, the corruption of morals, the spirit of revolution, and the re vived paganism that prevail in mauy parts of Europe and threaten to undermiuo tho very foundations of the social fabric in the old world. Looklug towards this southern coutinent,hosees here a different order of things, a new world, boundless in its wealth and mate rial resources, its people devoted to tlio causo of freedom, yet full of energy and earnestness iu every pursuit of thrift aud iudustry ; lueu clinging to the Christian traditions of the home couutries, aud untainted by the spirit of anti social associations, cultivating religion, charity and peace, and recognising that the Catholic Church, like everything else that is houor- able and good> and true, has found a congenial soil in the free institutions of theso great colonics,' ho has wished to mark his appreciation of Australia's singular merit by confcrriug.upon this laud of promise oue of the highest and most distinctive privileges which it is within his domain to be stow. In so far as tho cardinalatc relates per sonally to myself, it imposes mauy new obli gations, whilst it reminds me of reucwing my earnestness in tho faithful discharge of all tho sacred duties of the episcopate which long ago devolved on mc, of devotedness to everything connected with the Bplrituul interests of my ilock, of fidelity in upholding the cause of Christian truth, of undying attachment to the See of St. Peter, the immovable rock on which the church is built, aud of promptness to spend myself iu toil, und, if needs be, cvou to the Bhcddiug of my blood iu defcuco of the principles of morality aud Christian virtue, the ouly solid foundations of social order uud civil life, which It is the missiou of the Catholic Church to uphold. Awoug the grave respon sibilities imposed ou me, uot the least is tho duty of presiding at the Plenary Council of all the Australasian Uishops, which, iu accordauco with tho bcuigu wishes of the Holy Father, will be held iu this Cathedral of St. Mary's in a fow days. Tho Apostle of nations, though diviucly commissioned to preach the Gospel, yet naked the players of the faithful that God's blessing would be with his sacred ministry. Writing to the Romans, he says u Wo beseech you especially, brethren, through our Lord Je3us Christ, aud by the charity qf the Holy GUo?t, that you help us by your prayers for us to G04." (Uoxu. xv.) Ami ad- dressiug ihc phesians, h cries out: "Where fore take ye up the whole armor of God, that you may bo able to withstaud iii the evil day. , . . with all prayer uud supplication, praying, at all tunes in the Spirit, aud watching thereto in all perseverauec aud supplicatiou for all the saiuts, and ou iriy behalf, that upeeeh may bo given us, that wo may open our mouth with eoutideuee to make known the mystery of tho Gospel, for which, we are ambas sadors." (Ephes. vi.) Animated with the spirit of charity of tne early Christians, you, too, will pray to God that His Divine Spirit may be with me uud the assembled prelates' through out the approaching Plenary Council, to control onr deliberations and to guide our decrees, thut all our proceedings may promote the greater glory of God the propagation of His ehurch anil the salvatiuu of souls, so that throughout tbe whole extent of these great Australiuu cuiouies all that is evil may be rooted out and all thut is of peace and piety aud virtue may abouud. The Diviue Redeemer, himself the Good Shepherd of the one true fold, imparted to the apostle? his own heavenly missiou to be till Luc end of time the true shepherds of soiils. He gavo tho words of diviue truth upon their lips and set the seal of heaven upon tuvir miuistry, and commissioned them to bo throughout all ages the light of the world uuil thu salt of thu earth, unfoldiug the blessings of redemption and imparting the graces of God's mercy to his children. -Tho church, bearing this mission from our Blessed Lord, was de stined, even on earth, to bo clothed with the beauty of God. Tho prophet Isaius had fore told that all incn " shall sco the glory of the Lord aud tho beauty of our God" (xxxv. 2) ; nud the Redeemer, in tho diviue pravcr which he breathed to the Father when going forth to accomplish tho work of redemption, declared that " the glory which Thou hast given ine I have igiveu to them, that thoy may be one, as wo also are oue." (Johu,xvii. 22.)' It is iu a special manner when her bishops urc assembled in council iu the fulfilment of tho diviue mission assigned totliein that the Church of Christ is presented to the world arrayed in all this heavenly . comeliness. The missiou given to his disciples by our blessed Lord, ami perfected on tho first fast of Pentecost by tlio descent of the Holy Ghost, was destined to bo tho inheritance of his children throughout all time, und has been huuded down in an uubrokeu succession by the bishops of the Catholic Church. It is as complete aud authentic to-day as it was when the apostolic sound first went forth throughout tiie whole world. It lias not been shorn of a single uttributc, und now, as 1$ cen turies ago, it -continues to be the birthright of holy church In her episcopate to teach tlio trulhs of faith, to instruct and to exhort the children of Christ, to correct abuses, to combat error, to root out vice, aud to foster in every laud the seeds of virtue, piety and religion. Every day iu tho Creed we repeat the article of our faitu, that the church is one, holy, catholic and apostolic -Each of itheao her distinctive attributed is strikingly brought before ub iu Uvr councils. It matters not from what climate or what pcoplo her bishops may have come, it mutters not where they may assemble. It may bo as iu our pro- sent plenary council that thoy come from Italy, tipuiu, France, England or Ireland, each one Joviug with iutensost loye tbo land of his birth. They may meet iu Dublin or Baltimore, in Paris or Cologne, iu Milan or Munich, in Westminster or Sydney Bdt wheucosooyer thoy may come or wheresoever thoy muy meet, all will derive their jurisdiction "from tho one spiritual Kourco ; all will feed their flocks with tho snmo touching of heavenly truth ; and all, appointed by the Holy Ghost tcv rulo the Church of God, will partukoin its plenitude of tho one Episcopate divinely instituted unon earth. There Is no uncertain? sound in thoir teoohlng. Thoy may speak in different tongues/ hutlnll have tne same language of divine faith ; thesamo sacramental graces are dispensed to all ; the samo holy sacrifice, from the rising to the sotting sun, is offered to the Most High, giving glory to God's namo. Above all ono is the authority which wo all obey, the supremo authority of the successor of St. Peter, tho re presentative of onr blossed Lord upon earth, tho divinely-strengthened Bishop for whom tho Redeemer prayed that his Faith ahull never fail, aud whoso special com mission it is to feed the lauibs auu tho sheep alike, aud to impart light and strength ana blessing and consolation to all his brethren. What shall I say of tho sanctity of the church ? For what purpose is it that her bishops assemble in council ? Ib it for matters of worldly in terest or political intrigue? Most assuredly not. The civil State attends to its own affairs and is quite independent within its proper sphere. Tho church does not intriftle upou its domaiu. Wo are not indifferent indeed as to the adminis tration of tho temporal government. Wo pray that tho light of tne divine wisdom may ho tho guido of those who hold in their hands the reins of power, that throughout these great colonics ovory blessing may abound j that the laws may be just, may tend to tho preservation of peace, tho promotion of truo happiness, tho incrcaso of industry, sobriety and useful knowledge, and may perpetuate to ourselves and all classes of our fellow-citizcus the blessings of equal liberty. Tho purpose for which the bishdps assemble in council is to deliberate upon the best means for promoting the sanctiticatiou of those intrusted to their carc, and for building up tbo spiritual edifice of Holy Church. The church is styled in the Sacred Scriptures "the Kingdom of Heavon/' " the City of God," " the Temple of tho Holy Gliost," the Body of Christ," tho Bride of tho Lamb." Tho Apostle writes that our Saviour u loved the church and delivered himself up for it, that he miglit sanctify it. hav ing clcanBcd it by tho lnver of water with tho word of life ; that ho might present the church to himself, a glorious church, notj having spot or wrinkle or any such thing ; but that it should be holy and without blemish." (Ephes. v. 25.) The bisbous meet in council to carry ou that divine work of our Blessed Lord, sanctifying his children and guarding them against every ap proach of error, every assault of vice. It is particularly in tho council that abuses are cor rected, should any such perchance havo crept into particular dioceses ; salutary laws of dis cipline are enacted ; nud all the faithful are stimulated to ascend higher and higher in tho paths of perfection. Li a word, the true mis siou of the Christian episcopate is fulfilled, to enkiudle the lire of diviue love in the hearts of men, to sow tho Becds of virtue, to preach thu gospel of mercy to < thoso who are in tho darkness of siu, and to spread out the sacred tents of Israel among peoples aud nations who kuow not God. The councils of the church arc the records of her catholicity. Tho pastors will represent different, it may be conflicting, nationalities. But high above all earthly sentiments is tho ennobling dovotcdness common to them all, by whloh they are prompt to sacrifice themselves aud everything that is theirs to tho servico of our blessed Lord, and to tho sacred interests which He has entrusted to them. They guard the whole deposit of divino truth. The doc trines of faith, Ayhich are proclaimed at this ox- tremity of the world, will uot be found to differ in ouo tittlo from those that arc taught iu every church throughout Christendom. The very namo of Catholic is ouo which nono others can assume. St. Cyril of Jerusalem, as early as tho year 1147, instructed the faithful : — " When you go to any city do not ask merely for the House of God, or merely for tho church, for all heretics pretend to have this ; but ask which is the Catholic Church, for this title belongs to our holy mother alone." And ho. adds, " It is called Oatholic, because it is throughout the whole world, from one end of tho earth to tho other, and because it teaches universally aud completely all the doctrines which ought to come to men's knowledge, and because it sub jugates to the true religiou tho whole race of men both governors and governed, learned and unlearned, and because it universally treats und heals every sort of sius, and possesses in itself every form of virtue wliich is uuiued, both in deeds and words, and every kiud of spiritual gifts." (Cathccet, xviii. 27.) The standard of tho cross under which the bishops meet is the same which the Apostles received from Christ, the same that bore the brunt of the persecution in the early centuries, was tho glory of so many Christian nations in tho day of their triumph, and in defence of which tho fathers of many of us did not hesitate joyfully to shed their blood. St. Treuacns us early as the second century declared that " tho Church, though spread over the whole world, guards the truths of faith sedulously as though living in one house ; and these truths she uni formly holds as having but one soul aud one and the same heart ; and these she pro-' claims and teaches, and hands down uniformly as though she had but one mouth. For though throughout tho world the languages are various, still tue force of the tradition is oue and tho same. Aud neither do the churches founded iu Germany, nor thoso of Spain, or Gaul, or tho East, 01 Egypt, or Africa nor in the regions in the middle of the earth, believe or deliver a different faith; but as the sun iu the heavens is ono aud the same throughout the univorse, so tho preaching of the truth shine3 everywhere and eulighteus all men that wish to come to the knowledge of the truth.'So, too, tho aposlo- licity of tho 'church is shown forth. Tlio pas tors of the church do not instruct the faituful with the mere persuasive words of human wis dom, nor do they rely for their commission on any wealth or powers or authority that this world can give. They teach as heirs of the Apostolate 011 which the Ucdcomer set iiis own diviue seal ; and the lessons in faith, morals, and discipline which they impart How through them from the fountain-head upon earth, tue one Apostolic source, the See of St. Peter. St. Ircuucus, whom I have already cited, proclaims that Rome is the chief, the head and first of all the churches; the greatest, the mast ancient, aud most reuowned ; fouuded by St. Peter, tho Prince of (he Apostles, aud his companion »St. Paul ; tho church which by its own right pre sides aud rules over all the rest, and with which it is necessary that all the faithful should be itnitcd to bonds of one and the samo faith and comuiuiuou. When our Divine Lord iu words of eternal truth uuuouuccd that He was the Light of the World, He added that whosoever foIJowethllim walketli not iu darkness. Aud us the Apostles are partakers of His missiou to be the Light of the World, may we uot reverently add that whosoever follows in their footsteps shall not walk iu spiritual darkness, but shall be inheritors of heavenly light and life. I trust that the council which we are about to celebrate iu this Cathedral shall bo found worthy to take its place beside the other plenary councils which have marked the history of the church in the older nations of the Cbristiuu world. We have no new doctrines to propound ; wo need only repeat the lessons of faith which have been handed dowu to us by our fathers. It will be our endeavor to correct abuses and to pluck out any germs of evil that may bo found \yitkin our reach, and to preserve, perpetuate and perfect everything that is just, and virtuous and holy. In the discipline of the Australiuu Church such alterations shall be made as the wisdom uud experience of tho prelates may suggest or the present condition of things may require. The disciplinary rules which guide tho rude beginnings of a missionary church caunot be supposed to suit the present stage of the growth of religion amongst us ; and were I not to en deavor to devclopo aud perfect us far as cir cumstances may permit the beauteous symmetry of ecclesiastical organisation throughout the Australian provinces, I feel I would be unfaith ful to tho duly which the Holy Father has imposed 011 me. The church celebrates to-day thu festival of St, Charles Borronioo, Iho model of pastors, who did so much in the dark days of the sixteenth eoutury to revive the vigor of ecclesiastical discipline, and who is justly hpuorod throughout Christendom as the most perfect pattern given to the church iu latter times of the shepherd of souls. May the example, and firm yet gentle rule of this great prelate be my guide, and may his patronage before the throne of God accompany me whilst I eudeavour to lead those entrusted to my care in their heaveuward course, that thus 1 may with them receive, at the bauds of the Frince of Pastors, the eternal reward prepared for us. 