FOOTSCRAYPREbBYTERIAN CH URCH 'AND.THE CALL TO THE REV. JAMES GIBB TO DUNEDIN. The lev.'Janies Gibb brought to a close his three and a half years' ministry in Foots. cray Presbyterian Church by the services of Siind'?ylst£"~6tBt i tlhe'orningagnd eid ening sermons partook of a farewell character, and the attendance. at'both 'diets of worship amply t:stified to.tho.esteem in .which Mr. Gibb is hold in Footscray, to his popularity as a preacher, and to the regret which the community generally is experiencing in part ing with him. The accommodation of the church was found utterly inadequate to pro "vide sitting room for the largo concourse of Pveollo that assembled, and the overflow had to' find refuge i. the ,porhe, passages, and vestry. a In the morning the rev. gentleman took for; his text Ii. Corinthians, xiii. chapter, 11th- verse-" Finally, brethren, farewell; be 'perfected ; be comforted; he of the same mind; live in peace, and the God of love and peace shall be with -yen." In the course of an eloquent and impressive sermon thle.reacler said that Paul in his Epistles to' the 'Corinthians had written many sharp words of rebuke. In closing his second epistle, however, he seems to forget their faults, and the love which had been the mainspring of all his writing is made plainly manifest as Ihe speaks the fare. well words. Every minister who was in earnest in his work had to follow the example of the Apostle, and speak home truths in a very plain fashion. This he (the preacher) had ever tried to do. The world had not yet become the Kinodoin df' Christ, nor was the church itself free entirely from the world spirit. In the course of his ministry he had, besiles endeavoring to comfors and upbuild the believer and to. lead the open unbaliever to Christ, oftei felt it' necessary to smite that deplorable typo' of chrislian whose thought and life were of the earth earthy, and who knew nothing of the Spirit of Christ. He had ever striven to show t em that true religion did not consist in o ionat i mtao, ° i' : iPlp seal the Lord Je.. "i e Lord our God with all i;ur he nuid and strength and our neighbour as ourself. lBut this day as he stood before them to speak the closing words of Ihis ministry, he was forgetful of everything concerning them save a deep and affectionate interest in their spiritual well-being, and an earnest hope that when they and he stood before the judgment seat of Christ they should hear the welcome-" Come ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared; for you from the foundation of the world." Witi: such feelings did he speak the words "Finally, brethren,. fare1iell." In the text, besides the farewell words, there were two things to which: he would call. their attention--(.) An exhortation, "Be perfected; be com forted ; be of the same mind ; live in peace : and (2.) a promise, "And the God of love and peace shall be with you." He looked upon the expressions concerning sameness of mind, and living in peace as expressing what our' relation to man shoiuld be; i'hile "be comforted" might be taken as expressing our dependence. on God..' One of the surest proofs of the Deity of the Lord Jesus Christ was this perfect humanity. The nearer the christian caine to God, and the greater his likeness to Christ, so much the more would he manifest in his life right relations with his fellow-men. By living in peace it was not meant that they should be indifferent to each other's concerns, or that life should be. come stagnant by its quiet; but that they should, avoid: all querulousness and evil speaking, and. harmoniously work together, serving Christ working for 'the good of their- brethern. The best way to learn to love' men-was to work for their good. "We cannot be otherwise than at peace with those whom sne are seeking to benefit. To "be of the same mind" did not necessitate their all thinking exactly alike. In many matters tliere wts room for honest difference of opinion.. The exercise of independent thought both in politics and religion was in dispensible to a vigorous life.. But let them be of the same mind in regard to the great fundamental truths of Christianity, and in an ever'deepening hatred of sin and love of righteousness. In discussing the exhorta tion to " be comforted," the preacher said he had spoken of this as describing our relation or attitude to God, because only He could bring true comfort to the soul. , We could find comfort from man in life, but not a per feet consolation: Friends had' to leave friends, eartlhly ties had to be torn asunde,, let them then fled their comfort in Him who changeth not, 'wht is' the same yesterday, to-day, and "for ever. ' Besides, there was something in ev'ery soul that no human re lationslhip could touch-an inner hceart chamber- whose only. possible- occupant was God. If they obeyed ini their life this two. fold exhortation they would be able in some measure to fulfil the command "be per fected." .Trying to obtain 'perfection by loving God without being at peace with man was like a bird seeking to soar heavenward on one wing; so also was the endeavonur to be at peace with man without loving and find ing our comfort in God. If they obeyed the exhortation of the text then its promise would become theirs-the"God oE love and peace should be with them. He noti:ed the titles Paul here gives to God-love and peace. Just as if he said' " What you are to God and to each other, that will God bhe to you." "With the merciful Thou :wilt show Thy self merciful; with an upright man Thou wilt show Thyself upright; with the pure Thoun wilt show Thyself pure; and with the froward Thou wilt show Thyself fro ward." The God of love would be with them, and in them through the in-dwelling of the Holy Ghost. Let them strive to at tain to a high and ideal life, trusting to the love and pity and forgiveness of the Father as revealed in:Christ the Son, and looking for the sympathy 'and help 'of Jesus their 'Saviour and Brother. Thus might their lives in some measure become a reproduction -of the life of Christ, and they, lifted above the littleness, meanness, and sinfulness that spoiled human life, might comue to possess that earnest, pure, and noble mainhdod which Jesus Christ came to make possible for them. A valedictory tea and publie meeting was held in the Royal Hall on Tuesday evening, to bid farewell to Mr. Gibb. There was a large - attehdance of the congregation and friends. The Rev. Johbi Chrik of Williems. town, presidled, and on the platform were Professor [M'Donald,"-Revs. D. M'Kdnzie, P. 'Jd Mrndoeh G-i .Carson, J. Coutie, J. Climie, Robertsoh RnRobinson, J. Adams, and Messrs. Cuming (mayor) and Cole. Let. ters and telegrams of apology for absence were read from Professor RItentovl, Revs. J. G. Mackie, St:. Kildar >I. F. Scbtt, and the Hen. J. Balfour. Congratulatory and sym pathetic speeches were delivered by the various gentlemen on the platform, referring mainly to the loss which thorFootscray con gregation and the Presbyterian ,Chirch of Victoria were sustaining in the departure of Mr. Gibb. At intervals selections of sacred music were rendered byas choir under the charge of Mr. 'Vilkes.- Inethe course of thp :evcing'threo ~reseafaitonns were made- handisome gold English lever watch, syitlh suitable? isiscriptiot to Mr. Gibb, presented on.behalf?of the congregation, by.Mr._John Bradshaw; a rcase ofsilver .fruit knives and forks, presented to Mrs. Gibb on behalf of the ladies of the congregation by Mr. Wim. Macreadie; and a silver-mounted inkstand, presented on behalf of the Young Men's Literary Association by Mr. Alexander Mathieson, plresident. The kindliest wishes accompanied the handing over of these gifts, hnd IMr: Gibbnmadea a. fittisig add todching reply. The kindliest sentiment iirkied the meeting throughlout, and the proceedings ter. minated by a vote of thanks being, on the . motios of Mr. Cole, s iccorded to thoee who had taken part. '. The evenin sermon will appearin our next issue. 