! , ISHMAEL 6 A NOVEL. By M. E. BRADDON, Adthok op - Lady Act-let's Seceet, " Vixen," " The Golden Calf," &c.;, £c. Chaptek XXXIX. — " Thou Dost Dwell Among Scoario.N's." It was the cvo of Ishmael's wedding day, the eve of a sultry day at tho beginning of August. The heat had been oppressive even amidst the murmuring boughs of the Champs Ely sees and ihat fair wood beyond ; and with evening the air grew heavier, as with the presage of a thunderstorm ; whereupon all the inhabitants of western Paris who knew how to live drifted towards the wood and the cascade, to eat ices and smoke cigarettes Vc;wixt starshine and lamplight, to flirt or gossip to a pianissimo accompaniment of rushing waters and waving leaves. The train of carriages, w'th their colored lamps, looked like an army of glowworms creeping along tho leafy avennes under the shades of night. Not a Jehu in all Paris but had his fiu-o on this August evening. Tho heat of those dazzling cafe's on the boulevards war, insupportable : theatres "were suggestive of the Black Hole at Calcutta; and oven the stranger, to whom the Parisian boulevards are a wonder and a delight, pined for fresher air and an escape from tho glare and tho din. But if tho summer night was sultry and stifling on tho boulovards and in the Palais Royal, what wes it. in tho slums and lew neighborhoods which liang on the skirts of Paris like a foul fringo upon an imperial robe ? There wore slums and loathsome spots still left even in tho heart of this splendid Haussmnuniscd city ; and if there wero ashes and blackness- within tho coro of tho golden apple, how nrach tho more might such evil things ho looked for outside, remote for tho dwellings of thoso who wear purple and fine linen. For from the roll of carriage wheels, the tramp of thoroughbred horses, tho glitter of palaces and bloom of palaco gardens, is a sordid ex ternal zone cf filth and poverty, and famine i.ad fever, a world that knew not Imperial Ciesar, save as a name ; a namo which might mean anything, but which certainly did not mean food and clothing and decent shelter. Among theso regions of outmost darkness in the far north of Paris, near Clichy — a region as little known to -the ordinary Parisian visitor as tho North Polo itself — there' is a small settlement given over for tho most to tho rag- picking confraternity, and known as tho Cite du Soleil. It is not to the bcanty of its situation, nor to tho dazzle of gilded domes and pinnacles, that this City of the Sun owes its namo, nor has it been so christened in irony. Tho simple reason that tho place has been so called is that tho waste ground about thoso wretched hovels has been planted, time out cf mind, with sunflowers, which thrive amidst tho sur rounding squalor, and encirclo the dwellings of the outcast with an aureole. Rich in all loathsome odors, black with the grime of ages, this City of tho Sun surpasses all tho other settlements of the surrounding plain in squalor and hidcousness. Where all arc vile this ranks as vilest. The narrow aUoys which separato tho huts whoro tho ragpickers sleep on their rags aro-.moro muddy channels, in which children, dogs and swino crawl and grovel, lighting with each other for the bones, tho stale cabbago stamps, tho pntrid lob ster shells, which fall from the rag pickers' baskets. The fronts of the rotten old hovels aro decorated with skeletons of cats, sknlls of dogs, foxes' brashes. Tho sickening stench, of tho placo overpowers tho passer by at ton yards' distance. The road.near which lies this colony of dirt and poverty is caBcd the Routo do la Rd volte. The very namo is sinister, bnt tho uctuality is even more-terrible ; a long dreary roadjwhich goes from-Ncnilly to St. Denis, muddy in winter, dusty in. .summer, ajoad which pierces a world given over to squalor and disrepute — nay, too often made notorious by somo dark history of crime — a rcgioaof waste places and. dilapidated buildings, tho comfortless shelter of mounte banks and beggars, scavengers! Israclitish merchants in broken glass and rabbit skins, chair members — a region in whoso pestiferons alleys, and abovo whoso stagnant gutters, hang the germs of typhoid and typhus, the seeds of phthisis, tho taint of cholera morbus. Only the acclimatised can exist in that polluted atmosphere. Ou this August night not a breath of air stirred in the City of tho Sun, whero tho sun flowers were just unfolding their golden rays. A hot and heavy mist brooded over the dilapidated roofs and rickety chimneys ; over tlio pigs, lazier than their wont, as they sprawled in the sultry eventide ; the children, the gannt, Jean curs, lowest specimens of tbo dog family, and seem ingly a peculiar breed of mongrel, engendered of poverty and dirt. It was between eight and nine . o'clock. Tho mountebanks and beggars, tho lame, ihclioltnd tho blind, were crawling home, shuffling off their various infirmities as they camo along. Tho sickly children, ill enough in all con- scieuco with tho clironic disease of poverty, yet simulating other maladies ; tho widows who uevcr had husbands ; tho orphans whose fathers aro waiting at homo to beat them ; tho men with organs, witli monkeys, and with performing dogs ; those., jceuud somo of them, weary' all. are creeping back to their nests, while the ragpickers are going ont. In an hour tlie City of the Sun will he almost deserted by tho profession by which it is particularly nffeclcd. But there arc somo fow dwellers iu those evil smelling dons who are not of tho brotherhood of the basket and lantern, and these aro the more dangerous inhabitants of tho place. From these tho City of the Sun derives its second namo of the Little Mazas, so called because its occupunts have either just conic from prison or aro just going there. In-ono of tlio hovels, a den in a dark corner, furthest from the highway, a woman lay on a wretched pallet, gazing at the wauing light, drawing her breath heavily, as if each res piration were a labcv and a pain. An old crone bent, withered, wrinkled, crouched beside the hearth, upon which an iicu put simmered and bubbled above a handful of embers. The entire furniture of the room consisted of the pallet bod, two broken chairs,. an old egg box which did duty for a tabic, aniLaJieaji of ra"s in a comer which served tho.cronc-.for a bed. Tho woman had been languishing in fhat wrctclic3 den-lor weeks, wasting in the - deadly grip oi pulmonary disease. There had been days on which she rallied and was 'able to crawl about in the sunshine, seized now and again with that- terrible cough of hers, obliged to hold on to somo dilapidated railing or door post, while she was shaken by tho convulsive violence of a coughing lit which almost meant suffocation. There liail been days on wliich sho had crept into Paris, and had crawled as far as the. Boulevard Alontmutre, anil looked with her wan ghost-faco at the crowd and tbo movement of tho city ; only to go hack to her hovel, exhausted by tlie exertion, and to 'all appearanco having discounted tho brief remnant of her days by that imprudent waste of power. The crone yonder had urged this dying grand child of hers to apply for freo quarters at the hospital. There :slic would be tended aud fed and doctored ; there sho could have all she needed. Here she could have very Juriu; a cup of wretched soup made of boues from the liaskct ; a crust of dry bread from the same foul source. Aloucy the crone had none, sue pro tested ; in actual truth every farthing die earned was spent for drink. She had been a drunkard seventeen years ago in the Rne Sombrenil, when that wasted form upon tho pallet to young acd fair. She was a drunkard now — a patron of the local assom- moir , a'consnmer of that vile brandy, whosa fiery flavor has won for it the nameof fo' vitriol," or cassepoi trine, in the slang of the nnlncky wretches who drink it. Yes, that. pallid, haggard lace was thp face of Paqncrctte. Those faded eyes gazing wearily at tho setting son, seen through the open door — a fiery shield, at the end of a long vista of huts and pigsties, sheds and broken railings — thoso pate, sad eyes were tho eyes that were once as lovely as the eyes of the Greuze in the Lonvre ; innocent, childlike eyes, looking np at Ishmacl with tho tender tijistfxlness of a child. They had seen ib>- world since those day:, poor faded eyes. They had looked on strange people and strange cities ; thev had confronted the glare of the footlights, the bronzed faces of men of many nations, the fumes of drink and tobacco. Yes, she had seen the world, poor little Paquerette ; sho had led a life of change and adventure with her Bohemian lover. She had been rich and poor, happy and miserable. She had feasted and she had starred, had alternate :! between fine clothes and rags, had shared the-nps and downs of a clover unscrupulous man who lived hy his wits ; and finally there had comeran end. Hector do Valnois's fort unes had takenfihe down ward slope. His health had declined wifh the decline of his prosperity. Ho became irritable, hypochondriac, a martyr to ucnralgia, a man most difficult to livo with. In Valparaiso, where Piiqucrettc was earning money as a singer at a French cafe concert, he was seized with nostalgia, sickened for Paris, felt that in no other place conld his strength revive, nowhere else conld tho freshness and vigor of his brain be restored. He had lost the power to write prose or poetry. It was this dia bolical country which burnt up his brain with its feverish atmosphere ; its hot winds and seeth ing mists. Nor conld ho writo in exile. He wanted contact with his fellow men. This is why liis faculty as poet, as journalist, as novelist, playwright, critic, had been declining for the last ten years. He made np his mind ono wakefnl night— tormented by heat and mosquitoes — that he would sail for Franco by tho next vessel that left tho port. " Yon will meet Islimael, and he will KB you," gasped Paqncrctte, white with fear at the very thought of her husband's vengeance. ' 1 Ho swore that he wonld kill yon ; I heard him." " That was ton years ago. Do yon suppose that he has not got- over tho loss.of yon by this timo ?" It was in rain that. Paquerette -pleaded. The next French steamer took them back to Alar- seilles i and from AlnrseiUcs they travelled to Paris, without an hour's avoidable delay. They arrived iu the great, city almost pen niless, hut Hector de Valuois was past master of the mysteries of Par'ricn life from the palace to the gutter. Ho found a cheap lodging in tho labyrinth of narrow streets near tho Luxembourg ; and here Piqueretto and he existed for nearly three years, sho accepted as his wife by the few who crossed the threshold of his shabby home. Here de Valnois did journeyman's work for his old publishers, for the for the Cnrsaire, working under a noin de plums. , ashamed that the Parisian world should know tho author of- J/es Nuits Blondes hnd sunk to the scribbler of stray paragraphs and the pnffev of wealthy advertisers. He kept- aloof from nil who had known him in his butterfly stage, his brief day ot splendor and success. Ho rarely rose till noon, rarely went out of doors tilLnightfall. Ho dined at somo popnlar restaurant in tlie students' qnartcr, after every ono else's dinner was over. He was always later than other other people. Ho was tho last to .leave the bil liard room or the cafe'; the last to send in Ins copy to tho newspaper from which he drew the pittance upon, wliich ho lived. Paquerette earned no moncyin Paris. She did not even try to get an engagement at theatre -or concert. First she had a morbid dread of being-seen by her husband ; secondly, her voice began to fail her soon after herre- turn to. Paris. Sho had caught a severe cold on tho steamer on board which sho and Hector travelled as second class passengers. Her health declined, her beauty faded, .iim bird-like soprano voico grew thin and feeble. The Paqucretto of; tho past was dead, Tho white Easter daisy- had .faded for over. Poverty is bnt a sour soil for tho fragile floweret called love. These two had been faith ful to each, other through changing fortunes. They had.beeu bravo and'hopeful so.long as in tho evil hour there was a chnnco of chango from tho level monotony of hopeless poverty ; and that condition of things is trying-totho temper, especially to a man's temper. One day Hector disgraced his manhood eternally- hy telling his faithful companion tlint sho was a burden to him, a clog, an incnbns ; that his fatal passion for her hail blighted his prospects, ruined his life ; that but for her ho would havo been the successor of Alfred do Mnsset, a favorito guest at -Fontainobl"au.ani.Compicgnc, a member of the Academy, a rich man. It was a burst of spleen, of wonndcd|pride|; the bitter sense of failure ; tho prond man's Togo at tho success of his inferiors. It was a sndden -gust of all evil feeliugs concentrated. in ono angry speech. It was tho passion of a moment, the savage out burst of a fallen angel stung by gadflies. It had no real significance hut it broko Puquer- etto's heart. She answered xet a word. She stood before him, white- as-death and as motionless. She stood and watched. lumens ho flung on his hat and dashed- out of tho room. It was on the edge of night, aniLhc was going to his favorite haunt in.tho Place de la Sorbonne,.Le Picrate, famous for. its absinthe. When lie was gone she went todicr bedroom, and put a few things together iu an old shawl which she pinned into a little package with tremulous hands. Thcu she put on her rusty little black lace bonnet, tied her hlaclr veil tightly across her hollow cheeks, and went-out into tho street, leaving the key with.thc portress as she went by. li Yon. can tell Afonsieur I am not coming hack any-more," sho said, The woman stared nt hor, . not taking in the full meaning of her words. Sho, spoke too quietly to mean, anything tragic. She meant jnst what sho said ; never to go back to him any more. Sho was leaving him for ever — the man for whom she had sacrificed husband, home, good name, and all the host and brightest years of her life, She was run ning away ; just as sho had rnn away from the Rue Sombreuil fifteen years ago, -to escape her grandmother's ill-treatment. Poor little Paquerette ! her only notion of self-defence was to run awavi Fifteen years ago sho had fled from tho Sue Sombreuih To-night she went hack there winding like tho hunted hare to her form, and nearly as haril.sped as tlio hunted hare,- In all Paris sho knew of no friend to whcni she could safely appeal in Inr dire necessity, except thoso first frieuds of her who hail looked with compassion upon her miserable girlhood. Of Liselto Moque, lliat fast frieuil of later days, the friend who had encouraged her in her folly, sho thought with a shudder, for to Lisctto's fatal influence she traced her own fall. Tho ozpcrienco that should liavo guided iier steps in tho midst of danger, the worldly knowledgo which should have saved her, bed only been used to her disadvantage. No. Had sho been starving and shelterless in the streets of Paris, she would not now have accepted shelter and food from Afadame Aroqim. It was a long walk from tho Luxembourg to (lie. Rue Somhrcull for limbs thrt llaj |05 much of their youthful clarticily; and Uicre wit; only disappointinc'iil at the end of tlm journey. Tlie old portress was in den hy tlie doorway, the eourtyam and stair case looked exactly a; they had lc -ked fifteen years ago, only re much the more squalid ; it much the darker, nglier, drearier by the pas- sage ol thoso fifteen years, i " The Benoits are gone," said tho M, face. "Oh, hut gono for ages. The little Jlam'teUa. 8he that was jonc a croqucr , the married a baker from Koucn seven years ago, and they went to Rouen to live soon after mir- ricgo ; snd then the big Mam'selJe, laqravdr. Lisbeth, married an Englishman, and she and the cousin, Jlsm'sello Toinette, went to Lon don." All this had happened ages ago. Punnerette .leaned against the greasy door pest, treinhliBg and faint. Eow much she had Jicpei for — succor, consolation, Christian charity — here where she found nothing. Gone to Rouen, gone to London — thoso old friends. To-her the case sesmeu as hopeless as if they bad gono to Siberia. Eow conld sho follow thorn — rhe who had only a few francs in her shabby 'Jit Uo purse; she who 'tura-d cold and faint and weak at the slightest ipcntal dis- Irscx 1' " Have you heard anything lately cl a woman who once lived in those rooms? " the asked presently, pointing to those old casements on tho ground floor, which were a iiiUo cleaner than they had baen in Mere-Lemoine's time, and which, were ornamented with a few tufts of primroses and . cowslips, growing in old blacking bottles. "But of course she is dead ; tho rnusfc,have been deid for years." " Mfcre.Lemoine, do you mean?" cried the portress. . Puquaretf® nodded assent. ' ' Mere Lcmoine is not dead. Madame; Mere Ltaaoino is as much alive as the Emperor — more sc. perhaps; for people soy that tho Emperor has a malady which will kill him, and that he is beginning to fail already ; whila Mere Lenjoine seams as if sho would never die. It is a healthy .occupation . that. of. a rag picker, to ba out el) night in tho cod air, when the streets are empty and the town is quiet.'' " She is Jiving then ? — and a rag picker! Poor soul !" " Well, it is not a pleasant trade ; hut they seem to thrivo upon it. Jlere Lomoiuo must be 80 years of age. She cam!: into this yard within the last month. Sho knows thut she can get a taste of brandy once in a way for tho sake of old times. She is bent nearly double, withered and wrinkled. — Dieu d: Dku, how withered, how wrinkled ! But che is olive, and as hale and hearty as you or I." She was still living, then, that, old, old woman, tho grandmother who had beaten h-r and scolded her, and driven her as a fugitive from that, very house ; and now tho time had come when Puquerctlc's last hope of a refuge was from the charity of thai very grand mother. Tho whirligig of time had brought about its own revenges. There was nothing for her savo -ibis or the hospital. And she was not ill . enough to ask State charity. If she had been, sho might have preferred the hospital. " Do you know where More Lemoine lives ?" she asked. " She lives in a place where a great many of the ragpiokers live." "In the Hue Sainte-Marguerite?" " No, no, : over so much further off than the Ene Sainte- JIargueriie. She lives up by Clichy, on the Rue de la Ee'volte, in a placo called the Cite du Soleil — a place given over to ragpickers." " The Ciie du Soleil." repeated Paqucrettc, faintly; for she was very tired after her walk, " I suppose I shall be able to find tbo place ?" "'Why not? you have a tonguo in vour head," answered tho woman, carelessly ; for Paquerotte did not look a person likely to pay for politeness. " You have to find your way to Clichy, and. then anyone will show you the Cite du Soleil." ITiqueretta thanked her. and left- the Rue Sombreuil for ever. She walked some distance in the direction oJ. Clichy. and then, almost ready- to drop, she found there was an omnibus which would carry bee 'for a considerable stage of the journey for a few sous. ' This helped her. and in the spring nighty between eight and nine o'clock, sho arrived at ijc City of the Sun — just, when tbo rag pickers -irere issuing from their hovels, a little processionvof old men and women, each with a lantern swinging at the end cf a stick — a tnain of glowworms in the spying night. Punnerette nut un her veil, aud stood bv the roadside to watch them go by. The stars were shining in tho April sky, the night was soft, and. gray rather than dark: Everyone turned to look at that figure standing by the wayside, with a white wan face, rwidently watching for Miaethicg.or someone. The ragpickers went by slowly, moving, stiffiv, halting in their walk like eld horses after an interval of repose. C-ouio of them mumbled and muttered as they hobbled akicg, as if chewing the cud of better days. ' I'Aquevette gazed piteously at those old wrinkled iacej, at the women most ef all. looking f-r her grandmother. Almost at the tad of the dismal procession came a hag more brut and decrepit than any other example of age and misery presented hy that squalid ,-im- pany. Hor head nodded, her chin worked convulsively as the tottered along, mouthiug, muttering. . Her lantern shook like a light on a ship at sea, her skinny hand trembled as it clutched her staff. , She, too, inquisitive even iu her . semi-imbecility., turned- and peered with dim bleared eyeballs at the fignro by the way-ride. Something in the crone's nutcracker counte nance was familiar to thoso sad eyes looking out cf tho pale face. Grandmother !" faltered Pdquerette, faintly. Ike crone started, amd then came close to her, staling at her. dav.mring her, with wild, haggard eyes. , : Jeanneton!" she screamed. ' It is my daughter's ghost!" . No, grandmother ; it is your daughter's .laughter ; brokenhearted like, her mother ; liiVicUc'd and poor and friendless, like her mother. You sees it runs in the family." . Why, 'then, it is Baquerette!" cried the h?g. '-thefsbameless-rag of a .granddaughter ; tho.chiid I reared out of charity, and who de serted mo in. my old age." - 'Sho planted her s-tafi upon the dnsty cronnd aild stood leaning upon it, gazing at Paquer- ol'.e. while tho squalid regiment oi ragpickers moved onward, and the twinkling lights melted and vanished in the grey eventide. " I did: wrong, grandmother ; but m were too hard upon me. You beat me because I re futed to marry a man I hated. " " To hate such a man.! Oh, tho folly of :he:-a girls ! " cried tho hag ; " a man who raved mon=y ; a man whoso wife is a lady. I have seen her. Do you hoar, child,? I have ;esn the Charabia's wife. She was aservant it a wine shop in iljo Rue do la Roquet.1: — a trazen wench. He married her a year oner yen ran -away.' - Ah. but she lives well ; she has a warm nest. Sho is one of the fattest women in tho Faubourg Srint-fntoine. She go.-s to tho theatre twice a week. She wears a silk gown on Sundays. Ah, you wore a fool, Piquerette— a fool. Just like your mother. All young women are Jools." Yes, grandmother, I have been a fool ; but not for refusing to marry the Charabia ; not even for running away from you. I have been a foal, and ..iay folly bos left mo without a friend, or.a roof to cover me. Can.you give me shelter till 1 can look about and do something to earn my living ?" . > -.Shelter — but— yes:. 1 have a home, a snug little liemc. aad yon shall share it. Folks rhal! not have to say that i refused shelter even to a runaway granddaughter. Your mother ran away, and siiecainc back — back to tho old nest. And' you, you too haw rune hack. S range, very strange," muttered the old woman , prattling pn in a senile fashion as she led the way totheCilyof tho Sun. The City of flic Still, In ,.nli l'iquerotte's varied experience sho had never beheld any thing so hideous as th:! collection of hovels and pigstyes and du." heaps, all grouped together haphazard, human cud porcine habi tations nestling side hy side, dust heaps pi'sl against the walls, on a level with bedrocm windows The house in the Rue' Scnhreiul was &a; uh9de.et-Itts.uryj a hourgenue smi eosra.-s habitation, as compared with those dilapidated shanties of worm eaten wood or crumbling' plaster. ' A pane, of glass here and thc-re in a window was tlio rare exception that proved the rure of broken casements stuffed with brown paper, rags, old hats and rotten straw. The chief endeavor of the inhabitants seemed to be, not to let the light in at their windows, but to keep the weather out. Thus an old boot or a saucepan lid was deemed' an appro priate subject for a broken pane. And the odors ; the fcctid stream of animal corruption ; the rani taint of rotten vegetable.: ; the sickly, indeserihable stench, which com bined all imaginafcio foulness in ono loathsome essence — from these Paqucrettc recoiled, shud dering ; hut tho grandmother's skinny fingers gripped her shawl and drew her on. ' I have a snug little homo at the end here, in a nice sheltered comer," she muttered, chuckling aud gihhering as the went along. " I haven't paid -any rent for six months. They are a rough lot about mc. and the collector got frightened tho last time ho camo to our end c-f the pis ce, and has . ever ventured 50 far since. There are some queer fellows live next to ma — Italians ; very quick - with their knives: and they threatened to stab that fine gentleman when he came prying about with a leather money hag across his chest, and a little bottle of ink in his waistcoat pocket. Ho has never been near me since." Su' led tho way to tho ultima 'Dude, of the City of tho Sun. a hat more dilapidated than any they had passed yet : for the roof was half off, aad tho rotting rafters were covered with an old mattress and a piece of tarpaulin. There was not a pane of glass left, in the old leaden casement ; there was not an inch of unbroken plaster on the walls ; and tho floor was tho primitive earth. la oue comer there was a huge heap of rags ; in another a smaller pilo of broken glass and eld metal ; in the middlo of tho fioor a collection of more valuable clc'bris — bones, relies ot stale fish, crusts, caohago stumps. These were intended to fur nish Mere Lomoine's larder. On one side of the hare hearth there was an old iron pot, which formed the hag's entire baturic de cuu-ine. On tho other stood a bent and battered brazcu candlestick, holding s couple of inches of tallow candle, which the old woman lighted at the flame of her lantern. 