CONFIRMATION. To the Editor of The Church of England Messenger. SlU — I heartily sympathise with the remarks of ' Laicus' in your last issue on the painful fact that so many of our Confirmees fail to continue communicants. It is as he says — in many cases they find little sympathy in their own homes, and are the only members of the households to which they belong who come to the Lord's Table. Can we wonder, then, if they ' endure but for a time,' and then 'fall away' ? I can point, however, to several happy instances to the nontrarv : but these, it must be confessed, are more or less excep tional. Perhaps, as he suggests, a special appeal to parentB on the subject, made at the time of Confirmation and at other times, might prove effective. At any rate, it is a suggestion worth noting and worth trying. I am sorry that a writer of such practical good sense should think that the contributor to The Messenger who is responsible for the article on The Holy Bite of Confirmation, ' comes perilously near to treating the rite as a Sacrament, and so placing himself in antago nism to Article XXV., section 3.' It Bhows how prone even able and good men are to see 'bogeys.' I think, that, if he will reconsider the matter, he will see that his ' doubt' is really unfounded. His mistake has probably arisen from the fact that your contributor avowedly regards Confirmation as ' an outward and visible sign of an inward and spiritual grace, given unto us as a means whereby we receive the same, and a pledge to assure us thereof.' But this defi nition is only part of the definition of a Sacrament adopted by the Church of England. In order to complete it, we must add the clause we find in the Catechism — 'ordained oy Christ Himself,' or we must read with it the concluding words of section 3 of Article XXV. — that 'those five commonly called Sacraments have not like nature of Sacraments with Baptism and the Lord's Supper, for that they have not any visible sign or ceremony ordained of God.'11 Your . contributor certainly nowhere even hints that ' the laying on of hands' — the outward sign of Confirmation — was either ' ordained by Christ Himself' or 'ordained of God.' How can his remarks, then, be in any sense antagonistic to the teaching of the Articles 1 That Confirmation is a Christian ordinance of a sacramental character is clear enough from Holy Scripture, at least to those who honestly accept its statement— that the laying on of Apostolic hands was accompanied by the gift of the Holy Ghost. — Yours, &c;, 17th March. S. P. G. 