V.R.C. SPRING MEETING. BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] MELBOURNE, November 1. HEAVY rain ushered in the first day of the V.R.C. Spring Meeting at Flemington on Saturday, and the downpour lasted till 1 o'clock. This state of affairs naturally had some effect on the attendance, which, consider- ing the weather, was very numerous. The WRAC. Committee have made great improvements on the course and surroundings since last year, and the arrangements were almost perfect. The lawn and course looked bright and green, but the going was very soft and sloppy, and by the time the Derby had been run the course was much cut up. His Excellency the Governor and suite were present. The following were the results of the various events : MELBOURNE STAKES by Mile. Mr. D. O'Brien's Trenton, 9st, .. (Roberton) 1 Mr. M. Loughlin's Sheet Anchor, Oat. lib. (O'Brien) 2 Mr. J. Wilson's Ringmaster, 7st. 11lb. (Moore) 3 The other starters were Bosworth, 9st. 4lb.; Prometheus, 9st. 4lb.; Honeydew, 9st; Mozart, 9st Cyclops, 7st. 7lb. Betting : 2 to 1 v. Ringmaster, 3 to 1 Trenton, 5 to 1 any other. Ringmaster, Bosworth, and Trenton were the first away, and ran in that order for a quarter of a-mile, then Bosworth came through and lead to the sheds, where Trenton took command, attended by Bosworth, Honey- dew, Ringmaster, and Cyclops. At the entrance to the straight Cyclops showed in front, but soon died away, and the heavy going telling against Honeydew, Sheet Anchor dashed upon the outside, and settled down with Trenton for the run home. A pretty race ensued and ended in favour of Trenton by half-a-length, Ringmaster being third two lengths away. Time, 2min. 16sec. HOTHAM HANDICAP 11 mile and a distance. Mr. S. Davis's Lesbia. 6st. 5lb (M'Donnol) .. 1 Mr. J. Whittingham's Mentmore, 9st. 10lb. . (Guy) 2 Mr. G. Harris's SIgnora, 6st. 10lb. (Brown) .. 3 The other starters were Off Colour, 9st. ; Chuckster, Sat. 2lb.; Anglesey, 7st. 5lb.; Comet, 7st. 3lb.; Doncaster, 7st. 2lb.; Kingship, 7st. 3lb.; Lantern, 6st. 10lb.; Agitation, 9st 4lb. j Ballarat, Cat. and Genoe, Oat. Betting : 3 to 1 v. Doncaster, 5 to 1 Lesbia, G to 1 Comet and Agitation, 7 to 1 Mentmore and Signor, 10 to 1 others, At the fall of the flag Agitation took command and made the running to the half-mile from home, attended by Doncaster, Signor, Comet, and Lesbia, with the others well together. Signor headed Agitation at the turn and led into the straight, followed by Comet, Mentmore, and Lesbia. Mentmore looked like the winner at the distance, but Lesbia catching him, a fine race ensued, resulting in Lesbia winning by a clear length, the same distance separating the second and third horses. Time, 2min. 37sec WEIGHT-FOR-AGE HURDLE RACE About 2 miles. Mr. C Boat's The Agent, 12st. 121. (Ferguson) 1 Mr. W. Pearson's Gasalier, Hat. 111. (Gardener) 12 Mr. J. Cripp's Duration, Hat 10lb. ( li'Lcod) 8 The other starters were Morrow, list, 10lb.; and Royal Maid, list 111. Betting: 6 to 4 on The Agent, 3 to 1 v. Duration, 4 to 1 Royal Maid. Gasalier led over the first fence, followed by Duration and Royal Maid. The latter going to the front at the river turn, made the running along the back of the course to the third fence, where The Agent came to the front and was never headed, winning cleverly by a length from Gasalier, who was a length and a half in front of Duration. Time, 3min. 55sec. MARIBYRNONG PLATE 5 furlongs, Hon. J. White's Acme. 8s 5lb Hales) Mr. L. Watson's Madeline, 8st. 5lb. .. (Weasel) 2 Mr. 1). Cooper's Blairgowrie, 8st. 10lb. . (Robertson) 3 The other starters were, Lord Dufferin, 8st. 10lb.; Dividend, 8st. 101b.;Damocles,8st.l01b.; Retort, 8st. 10lb.; Chesham, 8st. 10lb.; Halcyon, 8st. 10lb.; Telephone, 8st. 10lb.; Trojan, 8st. 10lb.; Essie, Sat. 5lb.; Devotation, 8st. 10lb.; The Nun, 8st. 5lb.; Louise Berta, 8st. 5lb.; and Tamarisk, 8st 5lb. Betting : 2 to 1 v. Acme and Blairgowrie, 6 to 1 The Nun, 7 to 1 Louise and Berta, 12 to 1 Trojan, 14 to 1 Halcyon, Tamcrisk, and Madeline, 20 to 1 any other. The Nun made the running to the tan crossing, where Louise Berta took command, but only temporarily, for Acme, who was near the rails, shot to the front, and began to leave the field. A little further on Chesham and Halcyon tired, and Maddina and Blairgowrie chased Acme, but the latter, full of running, went away and won without an effort in a can- ter by four lengths, leaving the former pair to run a great race for second place, which Madelina managed to secure by a head. Time, 1min. 4sec. SELLING RACE 7 Furlongs. Mr. J. Wornes Albanus, 6st. 5lb. .. (M'Dowall) 1 Mr, T. Coffey's Scaramouche, 7st. 7lb, (Sanders) 2 Mr. T. Jones's Solo, Gat. 61b.(Finnigan) 3 The other starters were-Phantom, 7st 7lb.; Virago, 7st. 5lb.; Agatha, 7st 5lb.; Stone broke, 7st. 4lb. ; Egbert, 6st. 5lb.; Phaon, 6st. 8lb.; Sparkle, 6st 3lb. Betting : 3 to 1 v. Virago, 4 to 1 Stoncbroke, 6 to 1 Phantom, 7 to 1 Albanus, 12 to 1 others. Albanus led all the way, and won a fine race by a head from Scaramouche, who was a neck in front of Solo. Time, 1min. 31sec. VICTORIA DERBY Milo. Hon. J. White's Nordenfelt .... (Ellis) 1 Mr A. KelBo'a First Chester .... (Kelso) 2 Hon. W. Robinson's Winchester .. (Power) 3 The other starters were Remus, Dunlop, Isonomy, Thunderbolt, and Uralla. Betting : 5 to 4 v. Nordenfeldt, 5 to 1 Thunderbolt, G to 1 Isonomy and Dunlop, 8 to 1 Uralla, 14 for First Chester, 20 to 1 Remus and Winchester. After two attempts, the signal was given to a good start, First Chester and Nordenfelt jumping away. But as soon as they got going. Sanders took Remus to the front and led round the river turn, two lengths in advance of Nordenfelt and Isonomy, after whom came Dunlop, First Chester, Winchester, and Uralla. Isonomy then went up second, and before reaching the bridge was two clear lengths from Nordenfelt and Thunderbolt, and within a length and a-half of the leader. As they passed the bridge Isonomy was on terms with Remus, and a length from then came Nordenfelt and Thunderbolt on terms, watching each other, the others being clustered two lengths away, and Uralla coming up rapidly on the outside. Finding the pace rather slow, Isonomy left Re- mus, and between the back of the course and the abattoirs, established a lead of some lengths, Remus being still second, and clear of Nor- defeat and Thunderbolt, the others two lengths off together, except First Chester, who was last At the abattoirs Isonomy was three lengths in front of Remus, Nordenfeldt, and Thunderbolt; after whom came Winchester, Dunlop, and Uralla on terms, First Chester being still last, As they raced past the stand the pace grow stronger, and Uralla got within two lengths of Isonomy, while Dunlop appeared beaten. They closed on the leader at the half mile post, when Uralla took a good position on the outside. Isonomy was the first to turn into the straight, with Thunderbolt at his girths, but no sooner were they round the turn than First Chester against the rails and Nordenfelt on the outside joined them. Uralla made one effort and then retired. Isonomy held a slight lead at the distance, and then began to roll about, and First Chester dashed upon the inside and cut him down, and appeared in front. Nordenfelt and First Chester made an effort at the same time, and a great race ensued. Nordenfelt coming with his usual gameness caught First Chester, and the whip was brought into play. First Chester swerved badly and cannoned against Nordenfelt, who lost ground, but came again resolutely and again cannoned against First Chester, when the pair raced to the post locked together amidst the wildest excitement; with a desperate effort Nordenfelt again caught and defeated him by a short head, Winchester being a length off third, followed by Isonomy, Dunlop, and Remus, with Uralla a had last. Time, 2min. 48sec COBURG STAKES Mile 1 Furlong. Mr. "P. Jones's Bohemian, 7st 5lb. .. (Flanlgam 1 Mr. W. Crozier's Lan tern, 8st. 111. (l>. O'Brien) 2 Hon. W. Pearson's Parody, 8st. .. (Govey) 3 The other starters were Stafford, 8st. 10lb.; The Ghost, 8st. 10lb.; Irralce, 8st 8lb.; Dirk Hatteraick, 8st. 8lb,; The Israelite, 8st. 8lb.; Wing, 8st 5lb.; Lord Exeter, 8st. 2lb.; Lavington, 8st. 2lb.; Merrimu, 7st. 9lb.; Marie Louise, 7st. 7st; Tempe, 7st. 7lb.; Waverley, 7st. 5lb. ; Recall, 7st 3lb. ; Honeycomb, 6st. 10lb.; Real Jam, fist, Phaon 6st., Buttress fist Betting : 5 to 2 v. Bohemian, 3 to 1 Tempo and Marie Louise, 6 to 1 Merrimu, 7 to 1 Lantern, 10 to 20 to 1 others. Lantern led most of the way attended by Wing, Irralee, and Marie Louise, but Bohemian ran to the front at the distance, and won by a length from Lantern, Parody being two lengths away third. Time. 1 min. 59¾ sec. THE Blue Ribbon Advocate has just made its second appearance, and contains on its front page a very fairly executed portrait of Mr. John Macfarlane, M.L.A. This is accompanied by a short sketch of the leading temperance advocate in our Parliament As in its last issue, the paper contains a good deal of news from the temperance organisations in different parts of the colony, as well as some magazine matter. WHILE riding along the Broadwater on Tuesday (says the Border Post of the 30th October) two local residents discovered a mass of hail stones about 20 yards square and an average depth of from 12in. to 18in. As there had been no rain since the Monday night this mass of hailstones must have been exposed to the heat of the sun throughout the whole of Tuesday, This will give some idea of the immense quantity of hail which must have fallen there. Although there was a heavy thunderstorm in Stanthorpe on Monday night there was no sign of any hailstones. THE Gympie Times of the 31st October says: —A child named Edward Ray, 18 months of age, was unfortunately drowned at Kilkivan on Thursday. From the particulars supplied to us it seems that his brother and sister were taking some things from their own house to that of their grandmother, Mrs. Zahuleiter, and the little fellow was following them. The distance was short, but there happened to be a small waterhole near the track, in passing which it is supposed the child must have stumbled and fallen in. He does not appear to have been missed by his brother and sister, but on returning home a short time afterwards they discovered him lying in the water, which was about 1ft. deep, with his face upwards. He was at once taken out, and the usual efforts were made for his resuscitation, but without success. THE Maryborough Chronicle of the 27th October says Mr R. C. Patterson, the successful tenderer for the construction of the Howard and Bundaberg Railway, has, with the sanction of the Government, transferred his interest in the contract to Messrs. Strevens and Bunn. This course has been necessitated by the state of Mr. Patterson's health, which compels him to take an immediate trip to Europe. Mr. Patterson's staff, who have been vigorously prosecuting the work, will remain with the new firm. The transfer of the work took place yesterday. The operations on the line extend over twenty seven miles; nearly the whole of length being now cleared, and cuttings, side cuttings, and ditches on the first ten miles are in active operation. Messrs. Strevens and Bunn have taken over the whole of Mr. Patterson's plant, including two steam-engines and winches for pile-driving, which will arrive at Maryborough this week. Messrs. Strevens and Bunn are now at Howard, and they confidently expect to get the works completed well within the contract time. THE value of irrigation in cultivating cereals has been amply testified by the success attained at Clifton in growing a very heavy crop of oats (says the D.D. Gazette). We have now in our office a sample of this grain, which for height, strength, and ear, would rival the production of the most favourable seasons and the most careful cultivation. The success has been attained by liberal irrigation, and the effect produced shows how important an artificial water supply is for the farmers. We understand that in the same soil, and almost in the same field, some oats were grown without the assistance of irrigation, and the utter failure of the crop, attaining as it did only the height of some 6in., shows how much we have to learn in the way of water conservation and distribution, and how great will be our progress when the facts are known and appreciated. A NEW saw-mill is about to be erected (says the Cairns Post of 22nd October on the Fresh- water Creek Estate, right abreast of the old Smithfield-road. The machinery will comprise a powerful engine, with planing machinery and saws capable of turning out 10,000ft of dressed timber daily. There is sufficient bean tree on the estate to supply any quantity of railway sleepers, an article which will shortly be in large demand. There are also other varieties of timber on the ground, including acacia, and pencil and red cedars, all of which will command a ready sale for export to Southern markets. It has not yet been decided whether steam or water power is to be used, but most likely it will he the latter, as the adjacent stream can be utilised at a comparatively small expense. The machinery is expected on the wharf in about six weeks' time. THE Townsville Bulletin of the 26th October says: It will be remembered that some weeks ago it was reported that a party of miners were engaged in the sinking of a shaft at the North side of the entrance to Mourilyan Harbour with the hope of striking the auriferous reef which has been shown to exist in that neighbourhood. This party have now got their shaft down 25ft. They are below the sea level, but they have struck fresh water, which gives them so much trouble that they consider it necessary to put up pumping machinery. As soon as the shaft is down 100ft. the party intend driving under the harbour. Messrs. Thompson, Sparrow, Lee, and Bowles have a number of hands engaged in the sinking of a shaft near the Esmeralda plantation, which is expected to strike the reef known to run through the plantation. The prospects are regarded as good. 