Telegraphic IntelIIigence. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) RAVENSWOOD Sunday. A public meeting of male adults for the purpose of forming a Rifle Club is to be held to-night. A public meeting in connection with the Reparation movement is called for Friday evening nest. COOKTOWN. Saturday. The Circuit Court was opened yester day, before Mr. Justice Cooper. Breeze and Francis, Manilla men, were sen tenced to three years' penal servitude for attempted murder. Mary Tievana, charged with the murder of two aboriginals on the Hodgkinson, was acquitted. "J. Davies, charged with shooting Wall is, was discharged. His Honor commented severely on the want of proper Gourthouse accommodation, and on the general unfitness of gaol matters. TheCourt sat again to-day, and con cluded the business. Berncastle, charged with the murder of Crawford, w.»s acquitted. Lotit, charged with shooting Perks, was acquitted. His Honor and the members of the bur leave here to night for the south. [FROM OUB TELEGRAPHIC AOEITT] BRISBANE. Monday. A fi-e broke out on Saturday mnrnjng/ in the premises of Clarke, a chejHlgt, in Queen-street. The fire Jjrigaiie was quickly on the spot^bjif^ilie place was completely guttg.44jSforo the flames could be cxtingijished. Same damage was also ?dffTfeto-the adjoining premises. Had it not been for the promptness wii.h which the alarm was given, and the energetic action of the brigade,; a most disastrous conflagration{ must have resulted. Cl:wk48 stock is insured for .£1000, and 4,he loss is estima'.dd at £1,700. 1 A sale of Indian goods and cwios for , the benefit of the Delhi Mission, was j held at Government House on Saturday afternoon. There was a moderate attend ance, and the sale was fairly successful SYDNEY Saturdav. A large fire occurred yesterday in E. L. Tencken and Co.'s oil and - color stores Flinders-street East It appears that one of the emp'oyes, while working in the cellar, after lighting the gas threw a piece of burning paper on to a heap of sawdust that was put down to absorb leakage from the oildrums. In an instant the mass took fire. The flames spread rapidly to the open oil kegs, and fanned by the draught rushed up the lift aperture to the top-storey of the building, where a large quantity of paper hangings were stored. Owing to the inflammable nature of the contents of the building, and the suffocating smoke, the firr-men were prevented from getting the masteiy over the flames for some time. The buildings, which is a new one, is insured. Yenchen's stock, which, was valued at £o,000, was insured for £16,000. The damage is estimated at fully £6,000. The Acting Colonial Secretary to day received the following important tele gram from the Agent-Genera', dated I/ondon, 2nd May. " Peaceful settle ment of Afghan dispute probable The Daily Nov# states that it is informed upon authority that it is beyond question that the Emperor of Russia is desirros of evading war with England, and is favorably inclined to the proposals made by this country." It &tates; further that " HVr Majesty's ministers have been in formed unofficially, but through the nu:t! diplomatic channels, of this con ciliatory disposition on the part'of the Emperor of Russia and the Cabinet at St. Petersburgh. As no official r^ply, however, to the proi os^lsof th>s Gov ernment cm reach England before next wet-It, it is believed that it will convey si fornvil acceptance of the English pro posal." Tiie anna*! commemoration of the Sydney University was held on Satur day. There was a lar«e attendance and fashionable audience being present, in cluding the Governor, Sir Alfred Stephen, Bishop Ba'ry, and Mr. G-. A. Sain. The pmseedings throughout were very succe-^ful. The degree of L.L.D was conferred on Rev. J. Jeffei-g. Two ladies named Mary A. Brown and Florence J. Thompson obtained tha degree of B.A. Frank M. Bladen was awarded the prize given by Lord l?cse berry for the best essay on the growth of the Australian colonies. MELBOURNE. Sunday. The South Australian Jockey Club; meeting commenced on the Fleinington j Racecourse on Saturday. The weather - was fine, the <3overnor and Lady Loch were present; there was a good attendance onthe<»urse;in two ofthe fevrfits the fields were good, but in three other races fire horses were the maximum. The following are, Jie results:- ?&\-- ??' First Hurdle Race.-St Patrtck.Old Soul, Echo, two other horses starfced, and a good race ensued, which was von by a neck. Time, 4m. 2Js. St. Leger.-The Broker, Silver King, Sandai, Won by ft-head. Time, 3m. 2ljs. Qnly three horses started. Goodwood Handicap.-Lintern, Lord Wiltan,The Ghost; the otherstartera were Ringwood, Middlemarch, St. Lawrence, Alphabet, Anchorite, Hazard, Kingship, St. John,. Tooaz, Duenna, Amberto, Willaroo, Carbuncle, Iron master, Marie Louise, Uncas and Berkley. The betting was TOO. to 30 against Topaz, 6 to 1 against St. Lawrence, £ to 1 against Lord Wilton, 10 to 1 wgainst St. John and Lantern. 12 to 1 against Middlemarch and Daenna. . Lantern won easily by thrree length. Time, 1mm. 44secs. Sires' Piodnce Stakes,-Duenna, Bern us, Teacher. Only three - starters. Duenna won by three lengths. 'Time, Imin. 20see. Victoria Handicap.-Pyrette, Tslan der, Honora. Thirteen others started, Pyrette won. by half a length. Time, 49 3-4thsec. In consequence of Lantern's victory for the Goodwood Handicap he has been installed as firsc favorite for the Ade laide Cap at 4 to 1; Sardius is sup ported at 100 to 15, an J Prometheus at 10 to 1; Anchorite is backed to win a large amount at 100 to 7. 