V.R.C. SPRING MEETING. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.] FIRST DAY. MELBOURNE, November 1. Heavy rain ushered in the first day of the V.R.C. Spring Meeting at Flemington on Saturday, and the downpour lasted till 1 o'clock. This state of affairs naturally had some effect on the attendance, which, consider ing the weather, was very numerous. The V.R.C. Committee have made great improve ments on tho course and surroundings since last year, and the arrangements were almost perfect The lawn and course looked bright and green, but the going was very soft and sloppy, and by the time the Derby had been run the course was much cut up. His Excel lency the Governor and suite were present Tho following were the results of the various events :— „ _ MELBOURNE] BTAKEB-1J MUe. Mr. D. O'Brien's Trenton, tot .. (Robertson) 1 Mr. M. Lough Un's Sheet Anchor, Oat 41b. (O'Brien) 8 Mr. J. Wilson's Ringmaster. 7st 111b. (Moore) 3 The other starters were Bosworth, 9st 41b.; Prometheus, 9st 41b.; Honeydew, Oat; Mo zart 9st; Cyclops, 7st 111b. Betting: 2to lv. Ringmaster, 3to 1 Trenton, 5 to 1 any other. Ringmaster, Bosworth, and Trenton were the first away, and ran in that ordor for a Starter of a-mile, then Bosworth came rough and lead to the sheds, where Trentoa took command, attended by Bosworth, Honey dew, Ringmaster, and Cyclops. At the en trance to the straight Cyclops showed in front, but soon died away, and, the heavy going telling against Honeydew. Sheet Anchor dashed up on the outside, and settled down with Trenton for the run home. A pretty race ensued and ended in favour of Trenton by half-a-length, Ringmaster being third, two lengths away. Time, 2min. ltysea Hotham Handicap-1i MUe and a Distance. Mr. B. Davis's Lesbia, tot. 51b. .. (M'Donnel) l Mr. J. Wnittingham's Mentmore, Gst 101b. (Guy) I Mr. G. Harris's Signora, Oat 101b. .. (Brown) I The other starters were Off Colour, 9»t; Chuckster,Bst 21b.; Anglesey, 7st 51b.; Comet 7st 31b.; Dencastor. 7st 21b.: Kingship, 7st 31b : Lantern, 6st 101b.; Agitation, 6st 41b.; BalUrat, 6st; and Genoa, 6s»t Betting: 3tol v. Doncaster, sto 1 Lesbia, 6 to 1 Comet and Agitation, 7 to 1 Mentmore and Signor, 10 to 1 others. At the fall of the flag Agitation took com mand and made the running to the half-mile from home, attended by Doncaster, Signor. Comet, and Lesbia, with the others well together. Signor beaded Agitation at the turn and led into the straight, followed by Comet, Mentmore, and Lesbia. Mentmore looked like the winner at the distance, but Lesbia catching him, a fine race ensued, re sulting in Lesbia winning by a clear length, the same distance separating the second ana third horses. Time, 2min. 57sea WEiaRT-roB-Aen Hurdle Race—About 8 Miles. Mr. C Boot's The Agent 18st 121b. (Ferguson) 1 Mr. W. Pearson's Gaselier, list Mb. (Gardener) 8 Mr. J. Cripp's Duration, list 101b. (tt'Leod) 8 The other starters were Molrow, list 131b., and Royal Maid, list Ulb. Betting: 6 to 4 on The Agent, 3 to 1 v. Duration, 4 to 1 Royal Maid. Gasaller led over the first fence, followed by Duration and Royal Maid. The latter going to the front at the river turn, made tho running along the back of the course to tho third fence, where The Agent came to the front and was never headed, winning cleverly by a length from Gasaller, wno was a length and a-half in front of Duration. Time, 3min. 55|seo, Mabibyrnokg Plate-G Furlongs. Hon. J. White's Acme, to, filb. .. ..(Bales) 1 Mr. L. Watson's Madeline, Bst 61b... (Weasel) 3 Mr. D. Cooper's Blairgowrie, BsU 101b. (Kobertson) 8 Tho other starters were Lord Dufferin, Set lOlb.; Dividend, B*t 101b.; Damocles, Bst 101b.; Retort, Bst 101b.; Ohesham, Bst lOlb.j Halcyon, Bst 101b.; Telephone, 8« t 101b.; Trojan. Bst 101b.: Essie, 8«t 51b.; Devotation, Bst 101b.; The Nun, Bst 51b.; Louise Berta, B>t 51b.; and Tamarisk, Bst 51b. Betting: 2 to 1 v. Acme and Blairgowrie, 6 to 1 The Nun. 7 to 1 Louise and Berta, 12 to 1 Trojan, 14 to 1 Halcyon, Tamerisk, and Made Una, 20 to 1 any other. The Nun made the running to the tan cross ing, where Louise Berta took command, but only temporarily, for Acme, who was near the rails, shot to the front and began to leave the field. A little further on Gneshani and Halcyon tired, and Msdelina and Blairgowrie chased Acme, but the latter, full of running, went aaay and won without an effort in a can ter by four lengths, leaving the former pair to run a great race for second place, which Msdelina managed to secure by a head. Time, lmin. 4fsea Sexuno Race—7 Furlongs. Mr. J. Wane's Albanus, 6st nib,.. (M'Dowall) 1 Mr. T. Coffey's Scaramouch, 7st 71b, (Sanders) 8 Mr. T.Jones's Solo, tot 61b... .. (Flantgan) 8 The other starters were Phantom, 7st 71b.; Virago, 7st 51b.; Agatha, 7st 51b.; Stone broke. 7st 41b.; Egbert, 6st 61b.; Phaon, 6st 61b.; Sparkle, 6st 31b. Betting: 3tol v. Virago, 4to 1 Stonebroke, 6 to 1 Phantom, 7 to 1 Albanus, 12 to 1 others. Albanus led all the way, and won a fine race by a head from Scaramouch, who was a neck in front of Solo. Time, lmin. 31fsea Victorian Derby—l} MUe. Hon. J. White's Nordenfeldt .. .. (Kills) 1 Mr A. Kelso's First Chester .. (Kelso) 8 Hon. W. Robinson's Winchester ..(Power) 3 The other starters were Remus, Dunlop, Isonomy, Thunderbolt and Uralla. Betting: sto 4v. Nordenfeldt, 5 to 1 Thunderbolt, 6to 1 Isonomy and Dunlop, 8 to 1 Uralla, 14 to 1 First Chester, 20 to 1 Remus and Winchester. After two attempts, the signal was given to a good start, First Chester snd Nordenfelt jumping away. But as soon as they got going. Sanders took Remus to tbe front and lea round the river turn, two lengths in advance of Nordenfelt and Isonomy, after whom came Dunlop, First Chester, Winchester, and Uralla Isonomy then went up second, and before reaching the bridge was two clear Pengtha from Nordenfeldt and Thunderbolt and within a length and a-half of tbe leader. As they passed the bridge, Isonomy was on terms with Remus, and a length from them came Nordenfeldt and Thunderbolt on terms, watching each other, the others being clustered two lengths away, and Uralla coming up rapidly on the outside. Finding the pace rather slow, Isonomy left Re mus, and between the back of the course and the abattoirs established a lead of some lengths, Remus being still second, and clear of Nor denfeldt and Thunderbolt the others two lengths off together, except First Chester, who was last At the abattoirs Isonomy was three lengths in front of Remus, Nordenfeldt and Thunderbolt; after whom came Winchester, Dunlop, and Uralla on terms, First Chester being still last. As they raced past the Btand the pace grew stronger, and Uralla got within two lengths of Isonomy, while Dunlop appeared beaten. They closed ou the leader at the half mile post when Uralla took a good position on the outside. Isonomy was the first to turn into the straight with Thunderbolt at his girths, but no sooner were they round the turn than First Chester against the rails and Nordenfeldt on the outside joined them. Uralla made one effort and then retired. Isonomy held a slight lead at the distance, and then began to roll about and First Chester dashed up on the inside and cut him down, and ap peared in front Nordenfeldt and Win chester made an effort at the same time, and a great race ensued. Nordenfeldt coming with his usual gameness caught First Chester, and the whip was brought into play. First Chester swerved badly and cannoned against Nordenfeldt who lost ground, but came again resolutely and again cannoned against First Chester, when the pair raced to the post locked together amidst the wildest excitement; with a desperate effort Nordenfelt again caught and defeated him by a short head, Winchester being a length off third, followed by Isonomy, Dunlop, and Remus, with Uralla a bad last Time, 2min. 48f sea Coburq Stakrb.—l MUo 1 Furlong. Mr. '?. Jones's Bohemian, 7et. 61b. .. (Plsnigan) 1 Mr. W. Crozier's lantern, tot 111b. (D. O'ririea) 3 Hon. W. Pearson's Parody, tot. .. (Goveyj 3 The other starters were Stafford, Bst 101b.; The Ghost, Bst lOlba; Irralee, Bst 81b.; Dirk Hatteraick, Bst 81b.; The Israelite, Bst 81b.; Wing, Bst 61b.; Lord Exeter, Bst 21b.; La vington, Bst 21b.; Merrimu, 7st 91b.; Marie Louise, 7st 7st; Tempo, 7st 71b.; Waverley, 7st 51b.; Recall, 7st 31b.; Honeycomb, 6at 111b.; Real Jam, 6at, Phaon 6st, Buttress 6st Betting: 5 to 2 v. Bohemian, 3to 1 Tempo and Marie Louise, 6 to 1 Merrimu, 7 to 1 Lantern, 10 to 20 to 1 others. Lantern led most of the way, attended by Wiag, Irralee, and Marie Louise, but Bohemian ran to the front at the distance, and won by a length from Lantern; Parody, being two lengths away, third. Time, lmin. 59gsec. Second Day. Melbourne, November 3. The Spring Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club was continued atFlemington to-day. The weather was hue and warm, and the atten dance was estimated at fully 170,000. The actual business of the day commenced with the Railway (Stakes, for which only five remained in. Isonomy was elected first favourite at odds on bin, and he won easily. It was a mistake to scratch First Chester, for on paper he looked all o?er a winner. How ever, Kelso determined to let him try for the Cup, so he loat a good chance of paying ex penses. Another small field vent to the post for the Kensington Stakes, and on tho strength of the Marybyrnong Hate running, Madeline was made a firm favotrite, while The Nun was next principal favourite. Msdelina took command before half the journey had been travelled, and. won easily, thus scoring the second win for Ade laide. The winner was sold for 620 guineas. The Agent was scratched for the Hurdle Rate. for which a field of ten left the paddock, iv eluding the New South Wales bred Student and Ravensworth. Brigand, with Corrigan in the saddle, was most in demand. Mistake and Brigand made all the running to the home turn when Ravensworth shot to tbe front and looked like a winner, but Ruby easily outpaced him and woncomfortably, addinganother win to the Adelaide contingent With the exception of the falls of Durationand Insolvent the jump ing was very high- class, and the race very fast alithe way. The largest field that ever started for the Melbourne Cup left the paddock for the great equine battle of the year, and the preliminary cantering of the candidates was eagerly watched, and faults in any speedily noticed. All the colonies were represented—New Zea land by such well-performed animals as Trenton and Liverpool, and that colony can also claim the credit of being the birthplace of the mighty Nordenfeldt Queensland had Velocipede, and New South Wales was very strongly represented by Tom Brown, War wick, Lord Exeter, Brown and Rose, Cerise and Blue, and Minerva; while, as if to make up for her default in the Derby, Victoria had a rare lot of talent on her hide, and to her went the honour of the day. Few cared to glance at Sheet Anchor, but his party must have known a great deal, for he was backed in the paddock up to 20 to L It was next to impossible to get near the favourite when being saddled, and all the others that were in favour with the public were supported by anxious admirers. Nordenfeldt looked even better than on Saturday, snd his quiet easy way of taking matters had already conveyed the idea that ho is perhaps the most determined and resolute colt that ever stripped in Australia. Trenton appeared none the worse for his tussel with Sheet Anchor in the Melbourne Stakes, but was knocked back in the betting before the start, though he came again before leaving the Kddock. Liverpool bore the appearance of ving done plenty of really good solid work, and his immediate friends were brim full of confidence till the last but he quite failed to get through the ruck. The sturdy Despot stripped as fit as bands could make him, and notwithstanding his many mis fortunes had a very strong party of faithful followers, who ran all the risks, and trusted him once more, only to meet with disappoint ment, for he never showed prominently. The handsome Lord Exeter, with Williamson up, looked fit but his Caulfield accident must have left ill effects, for he never joined the first flight Grace Darling showed no end of con dition, and at the last was very stanchly sup ported, principally by those who had been fortunate enough to back her at Caulfield, and unlike the Caulfield Cup winner last year, she ran a terrible race, and fully justified the confi dence of her admirers. The Metropolitan winner, Acolyte, appeared the most fancied of his ever dangerous stable, while St Lawrence, en the strength of his New South Wales running, had a few friends; but neither were in at the end. The hope of the ring, Kit Nobbles, stripped in grand form, and when Cobley popped into his saddle, many who had not given him a turn before appeared in the crowd to put a sovereign on him. The pace however was too solid for him all the way. The veteran Coriolanns looked as good as ever, and when one remembers what a wonderful horse he ran in the Caulfield Cup, his today's performance was very disappointing, for he never had a dangerous position. The absence of Commotion was not compensated for by the presence of his stable mate, Plausible, whc, though he got third for last year's Cup, never looked or ran like a stayer, and Mr. Pearson's popular colours failed to hold their own in the first flight. Though Tom Brown did not look any the worse for his Caulfield shaking, there cannot be any doubt that it must have seriously interfered with his preparation. The fact of his old friend, M'Grade, not being in the saddle frightened many from backing him, not that they feared Gainsworth would not do him justice, but because M'Grade and the horse were better acquainted with each other. He was buried in the ruck all the way. The Warwick Farm pair gave convincing proof of the care and attention which had bern bestowed upon their preparations. Warwick had the appearance of having done a deal of work, while Brown and Rose was in the pink of condition. In their work the mare had always the best of the son of the Fawn, and so it proved in tho actual struggle, for while she looked dangerous at the home turn, he melted away after the first mile. The veteran Bosworth, who is now in the sere and yellow leaf, had scarcely a friend. Prometheus was in tho same unenviable position, but Trump Ton's brother, St John, was heavily backed at long figures, and Minerva had the confidence of a select few. The absence of such horses as Commotion, Malua, Coronet, and Newatead rendered the race exceedingly open, but the wonderful manner in which it was run showed that we possess more horses than we took credit for. Mr. Watson sent the field away in good time, and as they swept like a cavalry charge past the stand it was seen that First Chester, Prometheus, Thunderbolt, Norden feldt and Minerva, were at the head of affairs. First Chester carried on the running at a great pace to the abattoirs, where Metal disposed of bim, and he sought refuge in tbe ruck, which was led by Velocipede, Norden feldt, Trenton, Cerise and Blue, Brown and Rose, Sheet Anchor, and Minerva. Velocipede. Minerva, Sheet Anchor, St John, Metal, and Cerise and Blue then took the leading position, and Minerva just led Sheet Anchor, who came up on the inside at a great pace into the straight. The severity of the pace told on Cerise and Blue, St John, Metal, and Brown and Rose, and then ensued the most desperate struggle that was ever seen for a big race in Australia. Sheet Anchor, Trenton, Grace Darling. Nordenfeldt and Minerva, races up the straight at a terrible pace, and at each stride the quartette were gaining upon Sheet Anchor. Trenton, who ad been disappointed at the entrance to the straight, was answering every call, and Nor. denfeldt, who was interfered with at the dis tance, had muchlto contend against All looked in a bunch with whip and spurs at work as they flashed past the post, and even the judge was unequal to the task of separating them; for he placed Sheet Anchor Ist, Blink Bonny 2nd, and Trenton 3rd, whereas, as a matter of fact, it was Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, and Trenton, who were not a head clear of Nordenfelt The numbers, as first hoisted, were flashed all over the colonies, ana as the judge, Mr. R. Wskley, also made a grievous error in regard to the Derby, it be comes the duty of the club to ask him to re sign. The winner is a fine big powerful son of St Albans, more like a hurdle racer than a racehorse, but his pace is beyond question, as was proved by his winning the Cup race in the fastest time ever accomplished in Australia. He is by that emperor of Australian sires, St Albans from Queen Mary, by Castle Hill mm Black Bess, by Peter Wilkins from Me» r y n ,Eid, by Jersey from Diana, by Peter Fin from Curiosity, by Buffalo from Eldella (imporVjdV and was bred by the veteran sports man Mr. John Field in Tasmania, so that Tee mania divides the honours with Victoria. The followingai ? hia best performances :—At3years. & Ta5 1,,5»» he «» second in the Carrick Plate, 2 milesi end distance, 7st 91b.; won by Stock-dale, 7st 9*. At 4 years, at Campania, he was second in tt* Campania Plate, 1? mile, B»t;wonbyßi„| 7^ llb At Launceston hi wf!i. t *if di? n utbe Cup, 1* mile, 7A tn££ 101b: u£v wf? Dyßh»os, carrying &*• 12lb*™ At S? I*^ h« was third intho Derwent Piste, 1J mile, : arrying 6st 101b., being beaten by Assyrian, list Second in the Consolation Stakes, 1 mile, carrying Bst 101b.: won by Don Quixote. At 5 years old at Colebrook, in Tasmania, he wm third in the Colebrook Plate, won by First T,ight At Hobart ho was second in the Goodwotd Stakes once round, 7st 71b., won by Queen. He won the President's Cup, once round and half a distance, carrying list 21b. He also won the Free Handicap. At Launceston he won the Cfc©. 1J mile, with 7st 41b. up, in 3min. OJsecL On that occasion. King of the Vale, 9st, was second, snd Blink Bonny, 7st, third. At Launceston he won the Elwick Handicap, limile, carrying 9st; Prodigal, 7bt, second Queen, Bst 111b., third. At 6 years he appeared at the Flemington Autumn Meeting, and ran third in the New market Handicap, $ mile, carrying 7st 71b. the event being won by Coronet, 7st He was second in the Australian Cup, 2i mile, carrying 7st 51b., which was won by Ringwood, 7st 131b. At the present meeting he carried 9st 41b., and ran second to Trenton in the Melbourne Stakes, 1$ mile, in 2min. 16£ sec, and then crowned every thing by winning the Melbourne Cup with 7st 111b., in tho fastest time on record. Grace Darling was in a bad position all the way, and her performance in getting into second place is the best ever dona over the Flemington course. Nordenfeldt was beautifully ridden into a good position all the way, and ran a great colt Though defeated he was not disgraced. Trenton also kept up his great reputation. The race for the Cup of 1885 will ever live in the memory of those who witnessed the bit terness with which the finish was fought out There was very little cheering at the result, as Sheet Anchor was not much backed by the public Yellow Jacket secured the Nursery Handicap, which he won easily. The day's Sroceedings were brought to a termination by lerriwa winning the Van Yean Stakes froaa Chuckster and Lavington. The following is a, detailed account of the racing :— Railway Stakes—lJ Mile, Mr. M. Lock's Isonomy, by Winterlaka—Ruby. 7st 121b. . (Qminai Mr. M. O'ehanneesy's First Prince, tot Sib. , .. (Moore> 8* Mr. A. Davis's Baron Neckar,7stMh. (Flanagan) 8- The other starters were Barwan, Tst 121b.* and Perchance, 7st 91b. Betting: 5t02 v. Jeoaomy; 6to 1 bar 1 After a great delay a very had start sent ■Vwst Prince and Isonomy Sway clear of the wthers. Isonomy went tetho Front at the bridge, and led along the back of the course in company ■ with Baron Neckar, and First Prince, tho others being two or throe lengths away. Isonomy and Baron Neckar cleared away from their horses, after passing the sheds, and the favourite won easily by three lengths from First Prince, Baron Neckar, and Barwan, who had *naok between them, Perchance being beaten eaL Time, 2min. 14£ sec. Kensington Stakes—s Furlongs. Mr. G. Watson's Madeline, by Neekersgat m Meg MerrUles, 8»t (Weasel) 1 Mr. ttoberton's The Nun, by First King Pil grimage. Bst (Moore) 8 Mr. J. Hul'b Telephone, by Xnglishman-Caut paw.B3t.slb , (Campbell) 3 The other starters were Mainsail, Bst 51b,', Bngantine, Bst; and Aspramonte, Bdt Betting: 6 to 4 on (Madeline* stoft v. ft* Nun. They got away well together, The Kun show ing most prominently, attended by Brigantine and Madelina, who then went to the front, an* clearing away iron very easily by four lengths; Telephone being third, two lengths off; then cajsve Brigantine, Mainsail, and Aspramonte, Time, lmin. 3isec v . . Httrdle Race-About 3 MUee, Mr. A. Brier's Ruby. 9st.llib. ... WBrlen) 1 SK* J« -«iaysßavenaworth,losU4lb... (Batty 2 Hon. w. Pearson's Gaealmr, lost 61b. • ». .. (Gardiner) 3 The other starters were Mr. J. Cripps's Duration, 12st 3lb.t Mr. J. Coff's Royal Maid, list 121b.; Mr. 4. Fare's Insolvent, lOst 121 b.i Mr. A. Sas/jfts Mistake, lOst 10lb.; Mr. Hart's A^l t*,V. on» iost 7lD -5 Mr- J- «©»'• Student, 10£ «&.* Mr. H. Fothill's Brigand, Ost Tib. BetkfDg ; 2tol v. Brigand, 3to 1 Gasalier. » to 1 Agitation and Ravensworth, 10 to I "Mistake showed the way over the nrst fence, followed by Roysl Maid and Ravensworth. Brigand then ran into second place, and joining Mistake at the back of the course, the pair led until passing the stand the second time, where the pace was very strong, and after them, at intervals of two lengths, came Royal Maid, Ravensworth, and Gasalier, with Agitation and Insolvent last Duration fell at the river turn, and the. fence a* the back of the course brought down InaWVent Mistake and Brigand carried m thto running to the Abattoirs, witi tfrmjalier, Royal Maid, Ravensworth, m fed R u by in close attendance. The r«co then told on Mistake, and Myenswortk was the first to turn into the straight but Ruby, full of running, caught him before reaching the distance, and won SSJIT % lengths, Gasalier six lengths off, XL -Tr o lengths from her came Agitation, Brigand, Mistake, Student, and Royal Maid. *"»•>, Smin. 33sec Melbourne Cup, Of 20 soys. each, with 1000 soys. added. The seoond horse to receive 300 bova, and the third • 800 soys. out of the stakes. Two niUts. Mr. M. LoughUn'B br.h. Sheet Anohor, St Alban's — Queen Mary, aged, 7st 111b. w" t *V. v; ....:• *." •>. <M. O'Brien) 1 Mr. J. G. Reid'a oh. m. Grace UarUng, Tbe Diver-Zee,« years, 7st 121b. (including 71b. penalty) . .. (Williams) 8 Mr C. O'Brien's b.c. Trenton, Musket -DraUty, . 4 years, 7si tzlb Ulobertson) 3 Mr. K. v. Talbot's oh m. Blink Bonny, aged. Bst.6lb (Blair) 0 Mr. A. Halinbourgs ar.e. Acolyte, 4 years, set. Übjinclud^tog 71s. penalty) .. .. (Banders) 0 Mr. B. w. BlUeVs ch.h. Lord Wilton, 6 years, _**•„ - v _ (Ivenry) 0 Mr. C. J. Braokenreg's b.h. Tom Brown. 6 yean, est (Gainsforthi * Mr. R, Philips's b h. Kit Nubbles, 6 years. 7st Ulb. (Colly/ 0 sir. J. D. Robertson's br.h. Coriolanus. agfd, 7stl2lb, (Moore) 0 Mr. M. Bryant's br.h. Bosworth, aged, 7st 9lh. /Riley) 0 Mr. A. F. Smart's b.h. Warwick, 6 y«*rs. 7st. 91b. '(Gough) 0 Mr. A. HaMnbourg's b.h. St Lawrence, 6 years, Vst. 91b (smith) 0 Hon. W. Pearson's b.g. Plausible 6 years, 7»t »b. (Power) 0 Hon. W. Robinson's ch.o. Liverpool, 4 years, (Derret) 0 Mr. J Whlttlngham's br.h. Prometheus, 6 years, 7at 61b. .. .. .. (Trahan) 0 Mr. A. K. Robertson's b. or br.c. Dunlop. 3 years. 7st. 61b, .. L.. .. .. (Foone) 0 Hon. W. Robinson's b or br.c. Thunderbolt, 3 years, 7st. Mb. „ (Huxtable) 0 Mr. T. H nty's b.r» Stornoway, 4 years. 7st. slb. (Musgrave) 0 Mr. R Rouse's ion., oh.g. Wing, 5 years, (in eluding 51b penalty )7st. 61b. .. (Nerricker) 0 Hon. J. Whfce's br.c Nordenfeldt, 3 >ears. 7st 51b. .. .. ,• • „ • • •• H-oUto) 0 Mr. W. Cvndron's br.h. Veleoipede, 5 years 7st. 41b.... •• .... ■■ .. (Burtoo) 0 Mr.lA Jaoobo'sbLh. HUltop, 6 years 7st. 41b. .. .. (Walke) 0 M* O.H. T. Hart's br.h. St John, 6 years. 7st. jdlb. (Flsnnigan) 0 Hon. J. White's g.h. Despot 6 years. 7st. 2lb. (M'Aullffei 0 Mr. W.R, Hall's eh.c Lord Exeter. 4 years. 7stSb. (WUliamson) 0 Mr. A, F. Smart's ch,L Brown and Koee, 4 years, 7st (T. Gough) 0 Mr. M. Loughlln's b.g. Britisher, a#ed. 6st lib (Gallon) 0 Mr. W. Kelso's br.o. First Chester, 3 years tot. ™101bi.. A- ", c (WiUlams) 0 Hon. W. Pearson's be. Arsenal, 3 years. 6st. 91b. (Brown) 0 Mr. H. J. Bowler's Km. Minerva, syears,6»t. 81b. (<'urran) 0 Mr. M. Jacob's b.c. Metal, 4 years, 6et 61b. ...... .. .. .. (Red fern) 0 Mr. F. Henty's b.c. Cyclops, 3 years. 6st. 31b. mm (Johnston) 0 Mr. A. F. Bradshaw's ch.h. Yellowhammer. syears. 6at (Guy) 0 Mr. H. L. Oxenham's b.f. Cerise and Blue, 4 years 6st (Gory! 0 Mr. 8. Davis's br.m. Lesbia, 6 years, 6*t (M-Dowall) 0 Betting: stol v. Nordenfeldt, 6te 1 Trenton, 8 to 1 Despot 10 to 1 Liverpool. 14 to 1 Sheet Anchor and Stornaway, 15 to 1 Kit Nubbles, 20 to 1 Acolyte, Warwick, Brown and Rose, Cerise and Blue, 25 to 1 to 100 to 1 any other. Almost before tbe spectators could realise the fact the flag was lowered for the race that was to decide the fortunes of thousands. Lesbia, Minerva, Brown and Rose, Liverpool, Trenton, and Kit Nubbles were the nearest the rails, and Nordenfeldt, Despot, Thunderbolt and Tom Brown on the extreme ri,?ht, while Warwick, Acolyte, First Chester, and Grace Darling were in the centre. The start was a good one. Brown and Rose, Trenton, and Lord Exeter appearing to get the best of it; while Yellowhammer, Despot, and Tom Brown were the last on their legs. As they came on to the course proper, the colours of Trenton, Warwick, Thunderbolt Prometheus, and First Chester showed in advance, and as they approached the carriage paddock, Pro metheus showed in front against the rails, with First Chester and Trenton almost on terms, and just in advance of Lord Exeter and Liverpool, with Nordenfeldt, Warwick, Metal, St LswretMft and Despot at the head of a densely packed<-ln rUck. Prome theus, First Cheaters Thunderbolt, Nordenfeldt Trenton, Minerva, Velocipede* and Blink Bonny composed the first flight as they flashed past the stand, and next them came Metal, Warwick. Sheet Anchor* and Lord Exeter, with Liverpool, Britisher, and 8t John hidden in the ruck* and Grace Darling in a very, bad notltion, with Yellowhammer last First jßhwster then went to the front and led Thunderbolt by a lvagth round the river turn, PrometheUs being two lengths off, and a length inadvanv* of Trenton andNordehf eldfc who were closely waited on by Minerva,. Velocipede making the most of his position. First Chester led on to the bridge by two lengths, Prome theus, VetobtffeUe, Nordenfeldt, Trenton, Metal, and Thunderbolt following in a cluster, clear 'of Brown and Rose, Sheet Anchor, and St John. As they commenced the back stretch Metal joined First Chester, and making the pace very severe, headed .him before reaching the Abattoirs, whpre the pair were caroely clear of Thunderbolt Velocipede, Trenton* Nordettroiat, Cerise and Blue, and MinftrHt Metal's reign was very short* for Velocipede ran him down at the hueaa and led past the half-mile post, with Minerva, Trenton, Nordenfeldt, Cerise and Blue, and Sheet Anchor next. Just before rounding into the straight St. John made a brilliant effort and appeared at the front, but then died away im mediately. Velocipede^ Cerise and Blue, First Chester, and Thunderbolt, retired in favour Of Sheet Anchor, Who, hugging the rails, led into the straight) Trenton and Nor denfeldt in the aentre. and Brown and Rose outside, showing prominently. Once in tbe straight* Grace Darling came from the cluster, and getting oh terms with Trenton. Nordenfeldt and Minerva, the lot settled down to catch Sheet Anchor. Nordenfeldt'e great courage now served him, but the pace was the most desperate ever run at the end of such a race, abd despite all his efforts he remained locked with the leaders as they raced for the post O'Brien kept Sheet Anchor going, and Grace Darling* Trenton, Nordenfeldt, and Minoiv* in 4 cluster fought out the grandest battU ever Been in the colonies, resulting in a victory for Sheet Anchor by a head, while Grace Darling, Trenton, Nordenfeldt, and Minerva had scarcely a head between them ; then came Lesbia, St Lawrence, Plausible, First Chester, Acolyte, and Brown and Rose, tbe last to finish being Yellowhammer, Bosworth, Dunlop, and Thunderbolt Time, 3min. 29Jsec. Nursery Handicap—* Furlongs. Mr. W. Long's Yellow Jacket, The I •rummer- Baroness. 7st. 41b. .. .. (Williamson) 1 Sr. B. Gray's Retort, Bst. nib. .. (Johnston) 2 r. Bryant's Clelia, dst »b. .. .. (Tomlln) 3 The following horses also ran i — Louisa Berta, Muaivertina, Trojan, Utopia, Lord Chancellor, Damocles, Crossfire, Dividend, St Paul, Bevotion, Tamarisk, Mlcawber, Fer nandet Essie, Mistral, Trishna, Anonyms, Dufferin. Betting: $ to 2 v. Yellow Jacket, 5 to 1 Tamarisk, «to Itolo to 1 others. Damocles and Micawber led for the first furlong, when Tamarisk took up the running, but wren half the journey had been completed Yellow Yacket ran to the front and won easily by three lengths from Retort, who beat Clelia br a bead for second puce. Time, lmin. C3±*ec. Van Yean Stakes—l MUe. Mr. J. Whlttlngbam's Merrimu, by Argus- Scandal, Chiffonier. 7s'. 101b. (Trahan) 1 Mr. D. a Wallace's Chuokster. Bsr. 181b. (M. O'Brien) 2 Mr. W. Filgate's Lavington. 7st 4>b. (Weasel) 3 The following horses also started :— W. Crozier's Lantern, B*t 111b.; W. Murphy's Middlemareh, Bst 131b,; J. Robertion's Stan ford, Bst 91b.; J. Reid'a Ghost Bst 81b.; C. Hart's Agent, 7st Ulb.; T. Coffey's Ornlea, 7st 81b; ,G. Harris's Signor, Bst 81b.: T. Watson's Juanna, 7st. 61b.; S. Cook's Marie Louise, 7st 41b.; M. Jacob's Muscat 7st 31b.; W. Pearson's Kingship, 7st 111b.; J. Lane's Agia, 6st 121b.; C. Davis's Meerschaum, 6st 71b,; W. Bland's Egbert, 6st 41b.: Davies's Mrs. Jarley, 6st 51b.; D. Sloane's Bon Bon, 6st 21b.; E. Malone's All Black, 6st; T. Lamond's Phaon, 6st; Captain Haymes's Rag man, 6*t. Betting: 2to Iv. Merrimu, 4to 1 Stafford, 7 to 1 to 20 to 1 others. Signor made the running to the home turn, when he gave place to Marie Louise, but she was soon headed by Lavington, Ohuckster, and Merrimu. The latter won by a head, while Ohuckster beat Lavington the same dis tance for second place, then after thorn, at a considerable distance away, came Agent and Marie Louise. Time, lmin. 42£ sec. 