FORTUNE TELLING IN MEL BOU It NR BY "MAKCELLUS." It is curious that in a population BO intelligent as ours, for it is generally admitted that the colonists have a wider mental horizon and more independence of thought than the bulk of the inhabitants of the old world, a considerable leaven of Superstition should still lurk in the public mind It may be that the low class fortune tellers, who earn a good living in Melbourne, are largely supported by people who visit them from moral 63 of mere idle curiosity, but they have a proportion of clients who are real dupes, who hang upon their words, and who allow their lives to be influenced in some respects by the sham vation nations for which they pay the practice of the black art, however, has sadly fallen in dignity and profit since the palmy days of Mother Shipton or the more glorious reign of Cagliostro The last mentioned has been described as the most perfect scoundrel that in these latter ages has marked the worlds history Healer of diseases, abolished of wrinkles spirit commoner, prophet, priest, and thaumaturgie moralist, he started from the lowest point of fortunes wheel, and raised himself by the aid of his credulous supporters, to a position of regalniac,nihcence, in which he indulged Ina extravagant tastes I for a long course of years. His actions, I washes, charms, and love children were in great request with ladies of quality of the sort who in recent times patronised Madame Rachel, of "beautiful-forever" renown. But there was at least some basis in his Wife of Egypt, sold in drops to faded James, for it was made of candidates. The modern fortune teller gains an ascendency over weak minded servant maids, and sometimes women of a better class, by the pretended disclosure of supernatural secrets, which have nothing to support them but the bare assertion of the professor of the art Predicting futurity, once one of the most honourable professions, has at least de- generated with the advance of civilisation. The fortune-tellers no longer occupy palaces They are to be found in cottages in obscure streets, but they are still able to make an easy living. Most of the methods of fore- casting the future are of great antiquity. Many of them are the remains of drumhead rites, and not a few classical precedents might be quoted Cutting for fortunes, or determining a person's character or future destiny by a passage that is first opened in a book, was common among the ancient Greeks and Romans. 'the Emperor Sev crus, when meditating on his design of succeeding to the Empire, tried his fortune in this way in a Virgil, and liK upon the line (I quote Dry den's translation) "Tis thine alone, with value sway, To rule mankind and make the world obey." Gordian made the same trial, but with an opposite result His eye fell upon the line " The blissful vision of to day Shall Just be shown, and then be snatched away " Scverua enjoyed a prosperous reign of 18 years, and Gardian committed suicide when he had been 1 raperor only six weeks. So King Charles I. in the Public Library at Oxford, appealing to fate in the same book, hit upon a part of Dido's curse which describes with extraordinary closeness what subsequently happened to him in his contests with the Cromwellian. But these are only coincidences History preserves a record of the few wonderful successes, and says nothing of the thousands of failures So when someone dreams the winner of the Cup, much is made of it, and nothing is said of the scores of dreams which every lear name the wrong horse as the winner 'The power of sorcerers in the dark ages was great They suffered the disadvantage of being burnt occasionally, but many of them were dignified enough to have the courage of their opinions 'The witches of the present day do not go about in the semblance of cats nor do they occupy their spare hours in jumping over broomsticks. They sit in a decently furnished room, and make £200 and £200 a year each by very light work which requires little knowledge or intelligence for its performance. The frequent appearance of the advertise ments of modern seers in the newspapers is a sufficient indication that they have numerous votaries We read from time to time that M same v truthfully reveals past present and future or that Madame X deals in futurity, hours from 10 a rate 10 p.m. 'These Bills of humble life cast activities or unveil the future for the moderate fee of from 2s to 2s. A singular instance of the helmet which survives in England in the my s tones 01 astrology is found in the fre- quent requests which are addressed to the savans of Greenwich Observatory to afford some insight into the events of the future The modern art of fortune telling has a literature of its own, and at book stalls in this colony there is still an inquiry for books of fate, wheels of fortune, ' ' arts of telling fortunes by tea in the hand, by cards, and by grounds of tea and coffee, ' signification of males, dreamers guide, " Napoleon a book of fate," in 'the science of charabancs is also held in esteem, for there are people who Think that GCHI hath interlined the human hand, Like some prophetic page, An in the wrinkles of the palm desired, As in a map our mortal pilgrimage This science has been held in honour from thedajsof Josephus Great Caesar himself did not disdain to practice it, but he would probably not have been impressed with the exhibitions of it given by the Melbourne professors The fortune tellers of Melbourne, I have sometimes been told, are often successful in divination by means of a pack of cards, or by perusing the lines of the hand. My own experiences are entirely of the reverse kind, and I attribute what successes have been made to coincidence or to the weakness of the visitors in unconsciously giving information. Some evenings back, a gentleman friend of mine amused himself by calling on two or three of these mystery mongers, with the object of seeing for himself what manner of people they were, and of endeavouring to discover the secret of their attrac- tion Not being of the gullible sort ansell. be derived little entertainment from the interviews, and on their conclusion he was lost in wonder that so much pure nonsense should command the attention of a considerable class of people. At each of the houses he visited there were other callers waiting, and it is obvious that the local sheds drive a moderately became business My been 1 first paid his respects to an advertising fortune teller at Prahran He found her a neatly dressed prosperous looking woman of middle age, who could not be described as an educated person He took with him a young lady, with whom he is simply on friendly terms, in order to obtain proof of his theory that all the fortune- tellers construct a romance of their own when two young people of opposite sexes call upon them In this his surmise proved to be correct The two visitors had each a separate interview the fortune-teller eat at a small table with a pack of cards before her, which she manipulated apparently on no system whatever For instance, she would say, "You are expecting something to happen in three days or perhaps in three years, are you not'' and if the visitor unsw are 1 in the affirmative she continued, "I thought so, there is the three of diamonds, pointing to the card The most remarkable part of this plan of divination was that it consisted almost entirely of questions, the fortune teller being quite at the mercy of the answers given The interview with my friend proceeded in this manner -Q Are you single? -A Yes. Q Are you engaged to be married? A. No. Q. You are paying your addresses to a lady's Yes Q You have her photograph. No Q You have her promise of its. Yea Q 'Then you will receive it (pointing to a new card in proof of that interesting fact)' Q Have you within the last eight days met her and been to a place of amusement with her A Yes Q I thought so (looking at a fresh card) Q Are you employed under Government A No Q Then in an indirect manner 4 A No Q there has been a change in your position within the last six months '-A. i es. Q I see it is decidedly for the better Have you received a letter concerning business to- day A No. Q Have you not recently re- ceived a letter indirectly concerning a business matter '-A 'Yes Q. Does the lady you referred to hold your engagement ring A. No Q But is it not your thought to give it her shortly'- A. les [My friend answered no for you just as the whim of the moment dictated because he could see no point in giving information which he was pay mg to receive ] Q Does this lady live in the same house with you ' -A lies Q Have you been a long watery journey within the last three years I have Q Did you have a death in your family within the last four years and did you receive the news by letter A. 'Yes Q I see it is so by the cards A widow lady and three young ladies live in the same house with you do they notes Two widows and five young ladies Q Are you expecting! letter connected with business? -A. Yes Q Then you ought to receive that letter in from four to six day a is one of the widows thinking of marrying again-. A. Probably Q Then it is to a dark gentleman Has she got two daughters or three. A. She has no children Q. Is there any other gentleman in the house besides yourself-V two others Q One of the gentlemen will shortly have a decided change If the widow marries him it will be within five weeks or five months, which is it '-A. I should say months. Q Is there a gentleman in the house who travels a good deal '- \\- 1 as -Q You are not going to marry the widow are yours So- Q The fair lady (that is the lady who accompanied my friend will be engaged in from three to five momba Have you given that lady a present lately Yea six penny worth of violets Q You live in the same house with her A Yes Q When you marry you will travel that is your thought at the present time Have you not known this fair lady about 12 months or more '- V More -Q Yes I see it is over two years You will marry about Christmas With regard to your future prospects in life the cards come out very nicely Everything will be prosperous and happy My friend withdrew after paying half a crown for the lady and 5s for himself He could not help thinking however that some payment was due to him as he had given a good deal of information both true and false and had received absolutely none in return the fair In Lys fortune was told bec first by this unsatisfactory sibyl She was questioned in the same way and was particu- larly asked it' she were not engaged to a dark me (my friend is dark; whom she had seen within the last few days. The lady having confesses I a preference for a particular! person in another colony, she was told that she might unite herself to him without any fear Also, that she would attain to a very distinguished position, and that her life would be full of happiness, as she was born under a happy planet In these two interviews the fortunes were told by the cards. On a different occasion roy friend went with another lady to a master of activities in Carlton, who prefers reading the lines of the hand He was again described as being the lover of the girl, and the girl in her turn was advised to marry him It was added that the marriage would probably come off about Christmas A third experi- ment was tried with a widow, and still the same thing happened, so that next Christmas, if any reliance is to be placed on these pro- phets, my friend will find himself married to two young girls and a middle aged widow In an interview with a feminine professor of charabancs, it was noticed that the professor looked at the hand at so great a distance by lamplight that it was impossible for her to distinguish the lines What that she had to say by sounded like a story committed to memory the woman had the appearance of a retired servant, and she was obviously uneducated, but she had some small share of shrewdness and intelligence. The substance of the revelation made to the lady visitor was as follows -"You have had deaths in your family recently Never trust a woman You are of a hasty and excitable disposition You are going to get money. Never trust it out of your own hands. The dark gentleman who came with you is fond of you You cannot make up your mind about him, but I advise you to have him. You have plenty of male friends, but it is your habit to turn your back upon oppor tumbles Never turn-out back on a journey. You have travelled over the sea. There is a lot of illness in store for you but you will not die young In the lady's gentleman companion the same professor of the mysterious se once said - Your lines of life are crosse Fund re crossed It means much trouble in the past and in the future you are too precipitate in your actions and bring did culties on yourself which might have been avoided by waiting You give good advice to others but do not manage your own affairs well Never put your hand to paper You will be better off someday ion will go a journey suddenly On the whole your planet try influences are favourable Such is the substance of what the Melbourne fortune tellers have to tell their patrons. Its valuelessness is not worth discussing the unlettered gipsy whoonanEng ball village green asks You to cross her palm with a shilling can do better than this. In the olden time professors of the black art had at least some cleverness and endeavoured to throw a clamour of pseudo science about their loved ones Ï he practice has degenerate into mere childish babble. The wonder is that enough Bimi lemons can be found to HUP port seers of this class. It is lropoasiblerohear of people seriously listening to those so called predictors of the future without ex- evincing a desire to feel their bumps Surely in a country in which so much attention is paid to the education of the masses we may soon expect to see such things vanish bite ghosts at cock crow The fortune tellers are probably not doing any very serious harm though their existence as a reflection on the intelligence of the community Vi der the new Postal Act they are prevented from receiving remittances through the post, and by that means they have been deprive I of a considerable portion of their receipts The police say that some of them use their calling as a blind for emin nal practices. If that is HO they will eventually fall under the lash of the law and it is reasonable to suppose that an ignoble pursuit will then be utterly discredited even with their most shallow pated votaries. 