A MORIBUND PARLIAMENT. PARLIAMENT is dying, and, judging from its present conduct, it will matter very little how soon it give up the ghost, for it is full of ftds, and crankinesses, and weaknesses, Mid forgetfulnesses, and reminds th® looker-on of nothing so muoh as that seventh age of man, which, as Shu* speare tells us, la second chlldishneee, and mere oWlvlw; Sans teetk. eane ejo«, m i twte, tm thing. Some of its duties it will not hear of, aome of them it feebly attempts to pass on to others, aome of 0i«» it makes a doleful show of pottering about} but the pace is that of a roeb ing horse whioh, with a mighty display of action, goes nowhere. Thus we have lately seen the Mmw* tor who is specially charged with ti» administration of the Local Sew* ment Aot, and, as such, responsiwo tor the provision of a substitute 1W tolls, imploring the municipalities to agr«o upon such a substitute Wt themselves, which he will underUtt to propose to the House. He wrgets that the responsibility is W*. and not theirs; that they »» ** paid administrators of local revwus; and that he is the well-psw head of a Government department bound to afford them guidance, «« not entitled to aak it from them. T» troth ia. of court*, that Mr. like most of the Metnbm of w Asawnbly, i« shirking hi« mentaiy duty for fear of offending »» ««»tituency. He dare not proposs* tor main road matatenane* hy chance he might olfend tM wuncili, tod leae votes! H« i^^ that nothing is so inaeUon. and that moat wen «M»h »ther have a thing than not dona at all. w Dcakin is however, not alono In gpeuklng to 'he constituencies over tho head of Parliament. Indeed, to judge from the pertinaoious fashion in which members trot out their fads and mistakes, one would think that they had ceased to regard the business of 'legislation as- having any olaim whatever upon their time and attention. The questions with which they occupy themselves are trivial in the extreme, and the record would be ludicrous if it were not in some sort shameful. Mr. Oonnor the other day calmly proposed that cookery should be taught in State sohools. It IR a very desirable thing that girls shonld learn to cook, but work of the kind is not to bo learnt at school. Is it possiblo that Mr. Connor really took the matter into consideration at all, or is it not really far more likely that he merely wanted to tickle tho cars of the voters by show* ing them that their member was not a mere dummy, and that, if he were not always a-tnlking, he was thinking out point' great scheme for tho advancement of the colony generally ? Mr. Dettkiii's cool attempt to get the municipal councils to do his work, and Mr. Connor's proposal to teach cookery in schools, havo at least the merit of a Bomblance of practical utility, however little they will bear examination. But what are we to say of tho " universal love and brotherhood" motion of Mr. Fin* chain, who desires that Great Britain ami all her colonies, dependences, and outlying settlements should incorporate themselves with tho United States in " one bond of perpetual friendship and mutual protection for the establishment of a grand brotherhood and federation of the Englishspenking race?" Mr. Toole used once to play « farce in which tho principal •character went about continually asking all tho rest of (he persons in the piece, " What is your opinion of universal lovo and brotherhood There is no ohanco or seeing that amusing actor hero in Australia, but Mr. Fincham is evidently determined that wo shall not miss him. Mr. Shackell's proposed tax upon bachelors sounds almost sensible after this; yet Mr. Sliacknll knows, as we all know, that th<> House wonU not listen to such a proposal; that no man alivo would know how to draft a bill to give effect to it if tho resolution could bo passed ; ond that tho immediate result of the inclusion of tho proposition in the ranks of any political party would bo to sot all tho bachelors in opposition to it at once. Counting tho voters at about 190,000—a number, by-the-way, that has never yet voted—we find that bachelors of all ages over 90 form very nearly half the total. How would tho leader of any political following look if the 87,000 baohelors of full ago rankod themselves ns ono man against that party ? Yot, as no man ever did vote to lay a special tax on his own shoulders, that would be the certain result. Of course Mr, Shackell did not mean anything by his proposal. None of them mean anything at all. Perhaps, presently, wo shall have Messrs. Shackell and Connor joining forces, and tho result will be a plan to tax tho bachelors, and teach the girls cookery with the money. Mr. John Woods, who is nothing if ho bo not bombastic, has a far more gigantic proposal on hand. Not only are we to shut up Victoria and buy nothing anywhere that can be produced in the colony, but we are, in view of tho fall in the price of wool, to refuse admission, upon any terms whatever, to every manufactured article Into tho composition of which anything but wool enters. This is wholesale work with a vengeance, and its greatest effect would pro. bably be produced upon the wholesale dealers, whom it would straightway obliterate. Certainly we have no mson to expeet that any State would adopt retaliatory measures, for all other countries do as we do—regulate their tariff by their own ideas of their own interests and convenience. But we could not grumble if a proposal so extraordinary led to others equally Absurd, and Mr. Woods, who is by no means devoid of common sense, is nerfeetly aware that he is only talking dap-trap. The truth is that Parliament is only wasting its own time and that of the country. There is no ohance of any praotioal work being accomplished. Nearly four months of the session have expired, and the Council has not yet found work enough for one evening a week, simply because the Assembly has accomplished nothing praotioal in the field of legislation, The only reason that prevents members from insisting on a dissolution is their desire to draw their £26 monthly as long as possible, and the certainty that many of them will never touoh publio money again when this Parliament is over. The estimates have hardly been touched, the Tasmanian Treaty has only been mentioned, the Electoral Bill is Btill unseen, and the Local Government Actstill waiting amendment. Everything is talked about and nothing is dono, a sure sign that all oapneity for work is lost. The last excuse for existence haB passed away from the Legislature, and if the Premier had the firmness to push on with the Estimates, and send the members about their business when they were pnssed, he would deserve the thanks of the country. 