[?] Discontent is ihe steam-engine of progress. Love yonr enemy, but don't buy his boy a dram. An office-seeker, like a hungry rat, iB a gnawing thing. An honest gas-meter is the noblest work of a corporation. It is a wise man that goes fishing during house -cleaning time. ' Great feat on the rollers— Those that require No. 12 skates. Russia believes in underground wires. It is opposed to the Poles. A kopt answer tnrneih nmv nrrntH v»nf » i ? — ? ? ? . - o wuu wsin u turned away. ' Write something on Lent,' said the managing editor. And the editor sat down and wrote Umbrella. A California girl has a complete month in each cheek. She must be a holy terror at a kissing bee or a pis party. A prominent clergyman calls the face ' the nlay» ground of the soul.' Then a book agent's cheek mnat 5^ a prairie. ' Will the coming man work ?'» is asked. That on the kind of a father-in-law he draws in the lottery. They tell ns thit money is inactive ; but it iwm» to be active enough to slip through one's fingers as nimbly as it ever did. Nine times out of ten the woman who is worth her weight in gold marries a man who is not worth his weight in scrap iron. ' Why do you call Sullivan's last glove fight a rattling mill?' the miller's son asked. 'More noise tom grist,' calmly replied the branduster. President Caldwell once told his fair charges to ' light their lamps of knowledge at the pure fountain of truth.' He must have had in mind an oil well. A Cincinnati manclaimB to have a wife so hot-tempered that he can light his cigar from the flash of her eyes. He made a good match when he married her. ' You seem to have unlimited credit at the store, Mrs. Byng — or do you send the goods home C. O. D.' ' No ; I send them C. O. G. — call on Georgie.' A Philadelphia newspaper reporter has fallen heir to 70,000 dollars. And yet people sneer at the possibilities journalism as a means to acquiring wealth. A dentist in Walla Walla, W. T., was surprised recently to see a young lady he was operating on swallow one of his tools. That might be called a ' filling diet.' A Philldelphia woman says she was kissed by a spirit at a seance. That sensation must be almost as grati fying as being hugged by the ghost of a chance. A close observer of the theatre has come to the conclu sion that there is not much difference betwixt going out between the acts and coming in between drinks. Yes, we know the line, Clara, ' There's music in the air.' Bnt it's not always true. When it's an air by Wagner sometimes there isn't any music in it at alL Two ways of looking at it.— He (reading a paper) : ' A Georgia man has sold his wife. ' She : ' What a shame.' ' I don't know about that. He got 200 dollars for her.' ' Dick, why don't you spunk up and ask Hattie whether she will have you or not and be done with it, or really don't you want to know ?' ' Yes, that*6it ! I really don't want a no.' Many men pride themselves on their shrewdness in letting their wives have their own way, when, if the truth wao &uu; wua iiLtcy uulliuu i ucip \1uui5 eu evou u uiej wonted to. ' An, I see your bread has returned to you.' ' I don't understand you.' ' Let these biscuits explain. They are so hard that I have come to the conclusion that they were cast on the waters.' 'Did you siy that your wife never gave yon a curtain lecture after you came home late at night?' 'bhe never did.' ' How is that ?' ' bhe always goes along with me when I go out.' No, my son, it is a messenger-call, not a messenger alarm. You may call the messenger, and he wiil eventually come ; but you cannot alarm him. When people ore alarmed, they run. Over 200 new doctors were turned out of a New York medical college recently. This looks as though these insti tutions were working on full time to keep pace with the establishment of skating rinks. ' Wish you'd feed your horse before he comes out.' 'Eh— why — hangit. What do you mean?' He's always trying to eat my boots, lie evidently thinks there's some chance of getting at a little corn.' A Pennsylvakian has just died from the effects of drinking cold water in 1854. This, it is hoped, wiil not discourage our readers from drinking cold water. Whisky is still much more sudden in its effects. ' What distinguished people did you see when you were abroad?' was asked of Mrs. Dobbs, on her return from China. ' Oh, lotsiof them. But the one that took my fancy was Wan Lung, the heir-consumptive of the throne.' A Baptist minister was once asked how it was that he consented to the marriage of his daughter to a Pres byterian. ' Well, my dear friend,' he replied, 'as far as 1 have been able to discover, Cupid never studied theology.' 'It is as plain as the nose on your face, and there's no excuse for your overlooking it,' exclaimed a husband, whose wife had forgotten to reduce the size of a button hole in his shirt-collar. ' But, deary, how can 1 help overlooking the nose on my face?' was the patient end placating answer that set him wild. ' You're a regular Southern strawberry!' exclaimed a youth to his best girl, as he bade her good night, after escorting her home from the skating rink. She smiled sweetly and told him to come again ; but when she found out that Southern strawberries are exceeding expensive as well as awfully sour at this season of the year, she sent him a mitten by mail. An English clergyman asked an uneducated woman whether she liked his written or unwritten sermons the best. After thinking a few moments, she said: ' Why, I loike yo best without the book, because yo keep saying the same tning over ana over again, ana mat neips me 10 re member what 1 haar a good deal better.' He was a wiser man and not quite as well satisfied with himself. A popular minister was asked the other day how it was possible for him to preach a new sermon every Sunday year after year, and to find something new to say. ' Doesn't it give you a great deal ot thought and trouble ?' _ ' Oh, no.'' was the reply, ' It is a mere matter of habit. My sermons have never kept me awake five minutes.' ' Ah ! said the other, ' that, then, is probably the reason why they don't keep other people awake either.' 'How does it happen, Bridget, that there are as many feet of gas charged for this month as fast, when Mrs. Blossom and myself have been out of town three weeks ™ ' Share an' I can't tell, sor, savin* that whin the gintie man came to luk at the mayther there was six fat© of coal and wood on top of it, an' he observed that 1 needn t bother wid it, he'd take a iuk at the pracaydin' figgers. Maybe he added the six fate of wood an' coal, 1 don know.' Too Good for a Clerk.— Drygoods Merchant : ' So. sir, you think you could learn to become a salesman. ' Yes, sir.' ' Welt, suppose you were waiting on that man and his wile over tnere at rue race counter, *u»i «»»» do first ?' ' I should hold up the best piece of lace m toe stock and ask the man if he didn't think it becoming to his daughter's style of beauty.' ' Well, what then ?' ' Oh, nothing; the won* an would take care of the rest of it. ' Young man, I don't want you for a clerk. I want you f* H partner.*' . ' 