j -CITY CHA 7, BY ,TUK FAKCEUR. Kxc'itemcnt is 110 jiaroo for the state of mind wo mo in d6wn hero to-day. l''rom Government House, down to the meanest chanty In Goal Allcy, the wholetalk runs on the political crisis, and tho coming I elections, Tho poorest dead-beat lit tho land can now walk ' boldly up and squcMO tho I'car's-sbap-perfumcd hand of a K.C.M.G. Cabmen are vnphily nmaxslng colossal fortunes, the cicctionlecring tout is on tho war-path onco again, and colonial beer floats like , water through tho land-or rather, it will bo a liappy day for Sydney, whon itk water supply '=* ,ls pure and plentiful iih its tanglefoot streams aits to-day, Mr. Bibbs,, having formed a Government of "shreds and patches," is, working all he knows to keep Ills ill-assorted ptcccs together, but the general opinion is that the new erowd of 1 lcuven-lx>ni legislators will hang together about as mauy nights as days. Tho Hon. J. Tj llahbott's uncalled for .attack 011 old man Fnrnol. has disgusted tho majority of the electors, and may yet prove the downfall of tho now Minister for Lands as It was with the greatest diflieulty I10 conUl get a hearing a few nights ago in his owii electorate. Tho swopping backwards and forwards, between the new Premier awl Sir Patrick Joining*, is aimlhor matter not at all calculated to Inspire confidence, and that Mr. Dibbs, himself, is by nv means suie of lauding the stake, can be guessed from the fact of his declining to fdl up tlio Minister ,of Justice's billet, until the elections arc over. Considering that our lawyer representatives stand to tho rest, of the Assembly in the proportion that Falstaif's sack stood to his littlo crust of bread ; Mr. Dibbs could lmvo no difficult^' in selecting a fit and proper person to boss this particular job, and this I am told is tlio candid bullet of no less a personage. than our only Australian orator, tlio ex-honorable David lliichanan. Con sidering the free and easy style in which Justice is alung just now, anyone ought to bo competent to run tho ofliec, providing ho possessed a thorough iguoranco of tho law, and lmd 110 conscientious, scruples about drawing his salary. even a month in advance if necessary. A fat portfolio Is a tempting bait to huhl out at election times, ,but this of course would never suggest itself to the guileless bosom of Mr. Dibbs, # # # One of the most important meetingsyot hold, was, that of >Sir MJnry Parke?, at North Shore. The' sturdy old knight Was in great form 011 this occasion and It Is now a well undeiNtood fact, that all his recent bashfuluoss and hesitation about accepting olllcu has worn oft', and lie is dotormincd onco more to go for liis three favorite J''s- power, place, and pay. J udging from tho tone of'some of his remarks, it would appear that Sir 'JOnry lias of late, been' taking lessons in refined oratory, from the ex-honor able Mr. Mc'KlhOno, for his principal speeches are now full ofsucli delicate allusions to the members of tho Into Government as " hounds," " blackguards, " felons," " burglars," and "liars." These nro strong words'to come from a weak stomach, bub our Grandoleiuan capped thoiu all, by alludlug to his rival, tlio Premier, as tho >.'15111 .Sykes " of the Assembly,.who with his accomplices managed; to get his hands on tho public otlicos, just as a burglar would on tho strong room keys of a bank." Wo aw now waiting.for Mr. Dibbs to counter this by draw-, lug a comparison botweon'Sir 'Knry, and tho lato Mr. Jack Shepherd; of Nowgato renown', but. as a slangwlmnger, it is thought, that''Jinry can' hold his own .against 'all comers. Tho only interruption whioh seemed to got tlio knight's back up at all; was an assertion yelled out by some one in tho^crowd, that our veteran warrior had been sent to contest tlio Shore by Mr. Shepherd Smith, of tlio Hank of N. S. Wales, betwuen whom nnd oni'prosent Promior there exists a cooluess that would freeze tho uos'o off' Captain Cook's old statue. > On hearing this taunt ! Sir 'Hury turned savago at once, and more than ! hinted that, his Interrupter Und been put, up to . the gamo by Mr. Dibbs, of tho Commercial Hank, arid' now pcojdo arc wondering silently to themselves If tho coming election tussles will bo so many ? scrim'-' mngos .between rival political parties, or moroly a tug of waiyas it wore, between tho iiiarmgers of two rival banks. 'Anyway, Sir 'Jinry was right well re ceived, and thoro is no gotting away from tho fact, that hols coining once moio with a wet sail, and will nvn In. <1- 1 - will ero long rule the roost again. This has'been . . . " - -I » UUHIHJO, on tlio prlneiplo that when things go to tho worst, atiy alteration must be for the bolter, 'l'lio tusslc at tho Shore will bo fiercely fought, however, and tho hotting to-day fs crou money on Sir. 'Ehry, . ???' , * ; :i; Judging from the enthusiasm with whioh'ho is ovorywhere rocolved, Mr. llarton ought to top tho1 poll for .liast Sydnoy, and not a few are of opinion that in this young' politician we have the,makings of another Woiitwovth. Mr. John Davics has had a few preliminary cantors, but It Is doubtful if ho will bo tit onough togo tho'paco this tlmo, In his Inst speeolv John declared that thu corrupt, measures o* tlio Stuart Ministry, filled his soul with '< an 'oly hor,'* but with a'dolloacy whioh did honor to his1 'art and 'cad, ho refrained from expressing private opinions tin tho dutiip enrs, standard paint,;and barbed wiro raokots I11 detail; He ovldontly folt that tlio unfortiiiKi) 11'v ? £1300 ft foot, the object in giving this fancy prlo being simply to enhance tlio valuo of tho adjoining property, which, by a most remarkable coincidcnco. happened to be owned by a syndicate of members of the House. JudRini; from tlio multitude charges of corruption brought against our Into Ministers tlio wonder is tlint tiioy could find any time to devote to tlio business of the country. How. over, nil thoso kind of things nre to bo knocked on the head now, aiuUlic members of the flwt Govern ment Bclocted from the Opposition will run their different offices like so many Cic-snr'# .wives in pan taloons, i.e., without the slightest bi^tU of BUS nicion boiug blown upon them. At, least that wlmt the nsplring- gentlemen thomselvM dcelnre. and I never yet met. ft politician who would tell ft lie-except, perlmps, during tlie electioneering sen. 8011\. . . ^ I".' . #- ^ . .. # I' Alderman J. D. Young, tii.o Town J tall terror, tins been on.the war-path Jagain^ nud. nSi usual, re turned with another ofticial scalp attached to Mj girdlo, This time lib wanted badly to know If It wns truo that yet anpthor little bill, amounting tb *11700, had.beeii rocolvod from ft Mr.i Coloman for " extras" in connection wltli the erection of the staircase in the Town, Hall, and,, if, so, whore'ln thunder was tills kind of .buslnoM going to ond. The Mayor not only admitted the sad fuet, but,' fairly knocked liin colleagues as stiffl a* if tlioy had just scon a ghost walk in to pay, his, water rates by^ declaring that the book-kccpow of the Council must be either Buffering from the " simples'," or else tlioy used a different, style of figuring up accounts to that, in vogue when he was an Intelligent little school boy running round in all the pomp and circum stances of a neglected noso and a clean j" pinny.' In the account sent, in from the city architect's olllce for more " extras" done by Messrs. Noble and M'Lebd, ho. discovered discrepancies to the nmoiint of £200. 1 n one column aloiic there was ft neat little mistake in the addition of £08 odd, ond another cohiiiin which showed ft total of .£180 IDs. 9d., who'll iulded1 up by the Mayor was found, to only amount to '£221' 4s. Od,, Mistake? will, of*' co.rrso, arise, oveu In the most respectable pud best regulated1families,, but it was tlie'pretty genera opinion of the aldermen present that the "extrns'i. were going-it just a trifle too fast, and, accordingly,' our Clerk of Works"vras called in, examined, and suspended on the spot. This same1 Town Hall of ours appears to'bo jft' veritable Ahgcah btablc, but' Hercules Playfalr is now doing liis level best to have It thoroughly scrubbed out and disinfected. Alder-'? ,nian Young, too, deserves tlio thanks of - the people: for the plucky ami persevering stylo! in which ho has unearthed and followed up no many abuses, and if lie only plays tlid same'game In our Senate when elected ho willllndoed do tlio Stato somo service; ? #' . . # # ? ' That " they all ilo it" is getting'.more aud inoro apparent ovpry day,'for, just to show, that we are not the only persons in tlio world who can work the oracle occasionally, L may observo that the personal amenities of politics in Orcat llritiiin are rapidly at taining the same high standard, ns our owii. For cxamplo^ln one o£,his recent sultry orations, Lord llandolpli'ciiurclihillihas just alleged that,, tlie vpry grandest of grand old men, Mr, Gladstone, rccoiii-1 mends the,'people to use Spanish wines instead of tlio Englishman's drop o1 good beer, simply bccausb one of the late Premier's sons is a " pardner " in ft house that Imports ilio . said wines. , How the 0\. 0. M. will jaw tiick lshot at present known, but iiad lie i the inestimable ndvantago of a. fcw^y.ears Parliamentary, experience down ? here lie.,would, ndopt a. hi quoyite ,lino of' defence, and assert that Lord ltandolph advocated tlie pelting of rotton eggs at cloctioit times bucnuw. his first-cousins' mother'^ aunt ran a poultry furin at . Working., This |is .uotliiiigistraiigo, however, for wo had a freo-thouglit lecturer liore the .other day [from.. America,, of, courso] who .declared that tlio practice amongst', some sects of abstaining from meat .once ft .;yebk was started by certain ancient reformers, who, being fishermoii,.desired; to push tlio salo (if their, fish Jlanilot jviw right, for oiie liiay be as chaste as, iee> or as. pure as snow, and, yet not cscnpo calumny,. This is probably the reason why so few polittcln.iiB hiuikor after either virtue, but act op .tlio prlnolplo tliat.iis tiioy have tlio name tiioy may. ns well,iiavo' thbgnliiV, It's a wicked world, indeed, and t)(ands sadly in'iiocd of being feuced in with barbed wire and ornanioiitcd with a coat of whitewash or Stan dard Paint, '. [' '???: # ' I i; Tlio number'.of philanthropists who have rlson!up from timo to time, nud dcelarcd tlicy would tnako this a' ptior mail's land, 'or burnt1 themselves wide ' open in tiie bold attempt^ now appear to have boon barking'uji tlie wroiig tree entirely.. Tlio'land IhI' right; uiibugh( biit wluit'it wants is that poor nioii'df the right stamp 'should Bottle oil It. Jlere, fir ex.' ample. Is an Instance of hoW nman may get on out Here, wlien lie works with a proper sort of spirit; On thu:Luclilan llivor (so the'story goes) about' two inllesifrom Korbes,' tlibro are at picseut in good! working order afC industrious icouple, well-known fts Mr.' and'Mn; Tom Tozor,1' About, twentj'-threo years ago', Toiii obtained 20 iicros1 of'good land iioar tlio river banks, and this llttlo block 'hb; has "occu pied and eiiltlyated'over since. When Tom turned the first sod of his:garden, his finances wero at n very low _ obb'indccdjjbut nevertheless5 ho sot to work bra^oly, aud >viiiie resting from his digging labours, liu raji 'a weir across tlio river, nnd'forinedn trap;'which'oaeh spring caiight largo quantities of fish-cod, brc,umj aud parah^wliicli lie hawked and sold at1 good':priced. He'tollctl on. ovor adding to tho value of his littlo farm until tlio present time, where ho haS'iH ncres well kept as nny model farm could'bo. JIc has ilUOO fruit trees, fiOO of which boar applos j the''others are oranges, pears, nectar liies,; peaches; /plums,1 'apricots, almonds, and walnuts, nil healthy and well kept. There arc 2000 vines, cbinprlsing » varieties of grapes. ' Tho aver ngorctui- ns'for fruit'Sold nvcrage at least £600 n yoaiv! Mr, Toner juw a1 waggon with which he often takes ft load out West as far as Goljar. Jie sells his gnipes in Forlito ftt (Id, por lb.,"nnd obtains for ftpiMes from Is. to Us, per dojjeui1 iuid for oranges Is. to 2s perdozoni [ Ho: may now bt- elnssed among the independent men, luiving quite enough to retlro uiKiti;! apart from tho value «f !hls farm, which is cstiinftted at; iioiiio tliouaands of pounds, Huch is Tojor's littlo tftlbj and wiillu complimenting the old man on Ills pluok-j ! would say to each of our readers-"Oo 1 thou,' and', do likewise." I doubt if tlioy all will, liowovur, and perhaps It in just as well tiioy shouUPnt, fdr is wouldu't do for li* ?nil .to bo eithor Ifidcpcudont men or gardoners, althouglrby tho -way'itlio' lattor's bcbupatlon seems to hivvo improved wonderfully sincb * tho days of Adam. - ??? t" t;r- "? ; ? ^i'r>> , : ^J;! * .:'»-'v:; i;; Our troubles are still kcjit Well " on tho mw" by; our trnnis, midaiieio is rt fiwt-growlng impression, that it would>bu a paying business for us all if the earth along tho lines wore to open1' up and swallow tlio whole caboodlo'ofour Juggdnmii'ts at one gitlph, .Only the other day,1 auothor1 of those couipbu. I sntlon ; onsoj; which keep us poor, cropped nip in the Banco Court, in which ft certain widow secured £l!H0 as' a .solace' for the loss of her husband, Who1 was wrecked by a Botany trnm some tihio befote. Iu every case of the kind yet tried, the Wofki Department has, by means of untiring energy, mnnnged to hare itself carefully Middled with the damages, and yet nothing seems to bo ever started to |)revent a repetition of tho trouble. This,' ih it manner, eomewlmt dims tho jmrtlonnhlo pride which tho originatow and up* holders of our present bungling system take in the business, nnd thore is a danger of our being cnllod upon to decide whether we will give up the city or tho cure, its the eoiiibined joys of both are too much for rmyorio to bent. Meantime, however, thoso compensation verdibts are unpleasantly numerous mid weighty, nml the day may conic wlicn we will bo thankful to swop our cars for either a Jura earthquake, or n'second edition of the Deluge. 