V iarlols. [BY TIE GAPER K Ia l I entered your unhallowed pre cinctl for the neooud time on S.turday, and I I come away without, paying mny hotolill it makes little matter, I opine, for here a the midst of the utter indiffuronce of yer citizOns to everything monetary outsie their private purees I feel I can roclie at my ease in safety and dilate ad libiftn on the retrogressions or advauoes of tb last few months. Not a bad hit to Bncfa roal iive sta iang-noree ucaupylag a posof honodr in Torralong-streot- not the prrerbial one, oh dear no-he o?,odl erect onhis lego, an object of tihe g'uatet com meratiou, a monument of skin and bonel rely at a moment's nltice to amhle off wonever the diacordant notes of the Sbl v.:jon Army band struck on his sensitive rd ; but lie may have won the " Derby " r a ' Oaulfield Cup " for all I know at .ny rate there ho stood gazing at me with n air of self importance equalled onlv bw he contemptuous ogles of the doltheaded I aitizene who control your aflfirs, and fromt a pinuaolo of doubtful imminence looked with disdain on all out-at- olbow members of the same big family that visit your port From time to time I shall now h haccused of, in short, everything down from a capital offence to bilking the bar maid ot Tory's Hotel for the last brandy and anoda and playing a somersault over the garden wall on the approach of the washormoman ; but I laugh in my sleeve at the worthies who deceive theatselves in ignoble attempts to deoceive others. No apology for this digres sion, if you please. Well, I cannot help thinking ince I sscanned his phiz and atti ude ith at the town and its environe were admirstaly symbolized by this poor beast of bnards-l, whoas instinctive disregard for the wor!d must have got hold-it matters aot h ",-.f the uno mtrollable possession of the minds and brains of the Mayor and aldermen of Kiama. The harbour has been lighted with gas, to be sure, but have we still to await the further development of theranium of a Belgiuan manufacturer to dlvisa a means for the removal of the wvolen bl,o':- that for moathl hit o been thro in broadoaat over the principal tho rughte:oe Erring caloulatio.a bliadad i, · a irresponsible hon. o!licors to the extent of getting a largo sirplus stock of timber for the,yet uit!t?is?('l tr nIltn, at a cnsider ,rtl, o?u liy to the r.toppler., a ,l in f..o e of th!et u!ne.vocry fact, they piofct to hIztrI;il auotion f! loss or damll.tg for injury to properly or the breakilg of the ltmbs of-somlu of the ilnhtbi?,ants, events liable to occur at any time while those rag. god nilee remain on the street, rather than disturh the perilous testimony of their in ertness and stupidity. Just no. Fie, on you, Kiaman ; sh ke off the sleepy reputation of your iuhabitanto; make the ghost of your dreams wallop the pretentious scoun drels who-pose as the champions of your weal, and empower the Salvation Army and the born devils of the world to sound their praise. I went to three different churches on Sunday, and whether it was the dwarfish proportions of a diminutive frame or the abominably-tall-broad- brimmed monstroai ties worn by the female portion of this great world as head gear raised my ire I oannot say-at least I am not going to say which-but that I could not got a glance at the officiating minister goes without mur mur. 1 amn gouerally late going to auch places, and the luxury of a back seat is cheerfully accepted by a lagger at any time, oven when among the bellic3so congrega tions that asaosemble to hear that queer of temperance leaturers-- Mrs. Brown. How ever. thatio not what T want to comn at. T remember when I was a bachelor, airy and young, my boots required coleing at least every Monday morning after the wonnk's capors and the long tramp of a Sunday. night which, along with wearing out my feet-preservers, rendered the hearc miser able, but yct happy, an experienlce the thoughts of which drives your Kiatna beaus on that best of all days in the weok, "The day 'twix Saturday and Monday,' to some earthly cave where they.remain till the shades of night invite them forth like the owls, but in their case to disoD'or, well, nothing. Alas for the philanthropy that leaves sisters and sweethearts outhe day mentioned to pore over the pageaaf a tale of disappointed love, read the antwors to rorrespondents in the Sydney Duletin, or air one of Major's fashionables, iust re ceived by the Liguria, and all eo other matters that you may guess andnalculato on, which flash through their naceptible minds, more particularly when whin easy distance of the hearts they love. Apropos of the ladies I may chime In hero neoticed with the numerous voices that lvo been raised of late in their behalf on tn manter of the extension of the franchise t wosmen. Why should they not, let me nk, with certain solvent qualifications tat could earlly be defined, have a voale i selecting men to mnoke laws they will be peisihed for breaking as well as the very men at made thosn lawl HI must be a dulhi indeed whn has yet to learn the disceraig and cx cellent reasoning pbwera of thewomen of the present generation. Poohanoh him, my dears, and the slow coanholof liamnr till 1. come again, wheon i hops tirnd a big revolution in mnen and things, wch cannot be well avoided after the eonnmmption of the colossal Christmas puddir already focussed for rale, ano this coursaonngstive from one who loves yo dearly, 'here, 