SCIENTIFIC. Science Notes. Sea Serpents. Our old friend the sea Eerpent hasiounda cnampion in Mr. R. A. Proctor, who is rather angry because someone has suggested that he has changed his mind on this subject. What is notable is that one of his most powerful arguments is drawn from an armoury which scientific men should always use sparingly, but scientists of Mr. -Proctor's school ought not to use at all ; that is, analogy. Some years ago a South African traveller described an earthworm 6 feet long and proportionally thick. It was much ridiculed at the time, and declared to belong to the JL-ru UUJguagLa.il oullueus ul vauou.ua But since that time a, worm five feet long has been found. A living specimen is now in the ' Zoo ' in London. What, therefore, can be clearer than the way to believe Captain M'Quhae's story of the great sea serpent which startled the world when the Queen was young i In a report to the Admiralty the gallant captain said that he and his officers saw a long-necked sea monster travelling swiftly in the teeth of a ten knot breeze on the surface oi the sea, so quickly that he could see the waves frothing against the creature's chest. It passed so near that he could have distinctly seen the features of a man at the distance. He and his officers had a good view of the creature. Pro fessor Owen, with some inconsistency, assured the world that this Daedalus monster was a ghost, which he proceeded to 44 lay.' But those familiar with marine affairs will remember that a good many sea serpents were seen, or the same monster several times over, after the first dis- , covery ; but few have been seen since. This may be explained if there was only one, for he may have died, to the great loss of the learned world. Brill, on dis covery of the worm, Mr. Proctor would have us believe in the serpent. His second argument is drawn from analogy as applied to the persons who reported the existence of the monster. Herodotus used to be called the father of lies instead of the father of history, as Mr. Proctor would have us believe that he is now correctly called. This is un fortunate, for it never was more plainly proved than it i6~now that Herodotus wrote the history of places which he had never seen, and of events which never took place. Upon these somewhat doubtful grounds Mr. Proctor wishes the world to believe ' that there are probably several varieties of sea creatures which look like serpents, and among these varieties some may quite probably be really serpentine.' Prom a speculath e standpoint this is very interesting, but to science it cannot be satisfactory. 