RACING NOTE!\ Bv PEGASUS. * ïwa ia receipt of a letter aroa » member of tho »coraraittco of tho Burke District Jockey, Clfcîb, who have recently hole a, mooting to 'Consider the circular and the ecw rules received Srom the Q.T.C. As matters aro arranged fori »Sue prcsont, it is bettor not to go over the old' .ground, but my correspoßÜout intimates that' his own club, as well as several others which hoi mentions, agroo with the action o£ the Northern clubs in this matter. Ï hope, however, that a' final and definite arrangement ia not far distant,1 so that all dangor of antagonistic action hy atiyl of tho clubs may ,bo averted once and for all. If this is not douo,>it is evident thcro will be plonty of'futuro trouble in store, and racing in' '. Queensland, will -speedily bo brought to a voryl low,oh%. ¡ ' I-no tico (that the secretary of tho Q.T.C.,1 writing in "a country paper, attributes incon sistoncy'to my arguments concerning the now. rulos. -1 always held tho opinion, and do so now. "that "it 'is highly , advisable that thoro should 'bo sömo central controlling authority.i I did «not believe, however, in the Q.T.O.1 rimming its'hoad against a stono wall and at- tempting a difficult task in an injudicious^ manner. 'I simply proposed means by which to' effect tho desired object, and can seo nothing " dishonourable" to tho Q.T.O. in taking tho necessary stops to attain that ond. As tho Q.T1C. Committee have already yielded tho " burning question" of disqualification, surely it will involvo no further loss of dignity to confer with tho other, leading clubs as to a final sottle 'ment. 'I am glad to soe, howovor, that the Q T.O. ?secretary is the only sporting writer who 1 regards tho part taken by mo in this matter as inconsistent, or .worse. "Veno," in tho * Capricornian, when referring to tho manner in which tho disputo has been treated by tho ?Press, writes :-" It is pleasing to noto tho sporting editor "of tho Queenslander, whilst strongly .advocating a singlo codo of rulos for all Queensland, has dono all in his power, both privately and thiough the journals ho repre- sents, to put tho matter fairly beforo tho public, and urges that a tono of (moderation should bo adopted and concessions made, so that the mis -understanding may be finally and pleasantly settled. Such kindly audsportsraauhko action merits tho thanks of racing mon and tho sporting public generally, and it may. be hoped it will bo acted on at no distant day, to tho pormanont'benefit of racing throughout the colony." i. In tho samo country paper beforo alluded to the Q.T.O, secrotary falls into a curious error concerning tho winner of tho lato Sydney Cup. He says: "Tho winner Normanby is an aged horse, one ' of the numerous army who aro kept in lavender by clever turfites down South until thoy get chuckodiin tho Gst. division, and effect a big COM;) for the stable1 and th¡o books.',' Now Normanby is a five-year old. In tho Summer Cup, A J.C. Mooting of 1833, ho finished fifth, carrying 7st, 21b, according to tho Calendar. Carrying 7at. 41b,, ho ran fourth'in tho Anniversary Handicap, won by Here's Luck, in January, 1884 (also . according to the Calendar). lu the Sydney Cup last year, won by favo, he also finished fourth.. -In ? tho ? last Hawkesbury Handi- cap ho carried 7st. and got third, Thoso performances do not look much like boing kept in lavender; and, though t>.e books.would havo profited greatly if Velocipede had won,.I fancy from tho Southern reporta that Norraanby's victory was just the reverse. The imputation on tho owner of Normanby is certainly serious, and can only bo oxcuscd. by sheer want of knowledge. I hear that tho racehorso Cunnamulla, who recently arrived from Sydney with Darebin and Vespasian, has boen sold at a wory moderate sum to go to Charleville, -" Morning Gallops'! will be found in «.lKttlior column. Very few horses but those that at o locally trained havo yet arrived, and thci<oforo tho morning work is not particularly interest- ing. However, wo may expect to seo several horses put in an appearance next week, though tho principal stables of Messrs. Finnie and Williams aro unlikely to arrivo till almost the last moment. It seems that thcro is evory probability of a company boing formed for taking over tho Morphottvillo course, and already moro than half thosliarcs are subscribed for. ' ' Trumpator," in tho Adelaide Observer, remarks:- Thoro seems ovory chance of tho racing affairs of tho colony boing placed upon a satisfactory footing before long. For some little time a gontlciaaii of great influence in both tho sporting and political world has boen engaged in forming a | company to buy the Morphettville course, amd I so far ho has mot with every encouragement, ' and tho new company should shortly bo au ac- complished fact. It is intended to form.the centro of tho course iuto a Plumpton, so that the sports of racing and coursing will bo com- bined, i Tho Plumpton will bo a great boon to hundreds who would tako a delight in witness-, ing greyhound contests, but aro debarred by .want of time from travelling BO far out of Adelaide i as Buckland Park and Hindmarsh .Island." " Tho samo writer also makes the following ? remarks about Newstead, tho winner of the Maribyrnqng Plate :-" Running in a little paddock near, tho St. Leonards Hallway Station, wo ' found the son of Neckers- gat and Ada, and I was at once struck with , tho improvement ho had made since I, saw him at Morphettville. I Kow pooplo-would imagino that he stands six- teen hands hip;», but such is tho case, and ho bas furnished aud thickened out in the most approved fashion. No Dorby horse that I have .seen,con bo classed with this colt in the matter oClooks. It is true that ho may be just a littlel Jig<it below tho knee, and his pasterns have ¡rather a ''sensitivo" appearance, but I doubt if fri-eao supposed defects would now attract mudh attentiou if it -wore not that the colt's faultfo98 formation ic. every other respect sets 'one. searching for somejrflaw to form subject for 'criticiora. Hill started tho colt for a spin round trio paddock, anti, full of life, ho amused liiraselfjlby galloping round and round the on 'closure' ¡until tho temptation of a bunch of lucerne caused him to doeiat from his gambols, and walk-coborly up to where Hill wasstanding »with thciJuccrnc. In answer to an inquiry, I was told ithat Newstead docs some work occa- sionally, but his trainer docs not seem to think there is any (necessity to lnwry him along in order to getihim fit by November, nor docs he fear that his I^js will stand ic the way of his going through a strong preparation provided .ordinary judgment is exercised ,in putting him .through tho milt." Tlio Cairn Curban stud, the-pioperty of Mr. îVÇs,ttho>y Bryant, and the aiud of Mr. Whittingham arc .both to bo dispersed under the hammer this week. The english Tim \VhtJ(ler occupied albox at Cairn Curran till he died. His placo wac ¿hen token by .the Queens- lander ¡fjothair (brother to Lo Granta &c.;), who had as a companion Bosworth, a good per- former, and a member of one of the eaost suc- cessful Australian runcing families. Several imported and .well-bred colonial mares are to ho.found _*aiong the names of tho matrons of the stud. Mr. Wbittingtiam's stud had not boen so long established, Lut Aspen, Prattle, and Barman, appear among the list of nitres, while Argus Staandal, the sire of The Plun&er;, was the lord of the harem. " Augur," in the Australasian, says ; " Betting on the noxt Melbourne Cup has already commenced. In Sydney the New Zealand horse Welcome Jack waa supported to win a fair amount of money at 100 to 3. and in New Zealand this horse has been backed to win several thousands." The Goodwood Handicap, run this year at Flemington, resulted in the win of Lantern, a son of Wild Eagle, rGst, 121b.,. from Lord Wilton and The Ghost. With regard to this, " Asmodous," in the Melbourne Leader, writing beforo the event, said : " In my introductory notice of tho weights for tho Adelaide Cup and Goodwood Handicap I drew special attention to tho favourable ternis on which the South Australian gelding Lantern was admitted into both contests. My observations ran thus : ' Lantern is a horse that appears to be let in under exceptionally favourable circumstances, and rarcts Topaz on 201b, Helene on 171b, Lord Wilton on lilb., Tarpeia on 121b., and Lavington on 121b. better terms than in the Adelaide Birthday Cup. It is evident that somebody has blundered in handicapping Lantara. If fairly dealt with in the Birthday Cup a grave error has been oommitted in turning him loose for tho moro im- portant event to bo decided at Fleming- ton. The some remark applies to the Good- wood Handicap, in which he meets Helene on 201b., Tarpeia on 181b., Lord Wilton on 171b., Lavington on 101b., Topaz on 7ib., and Euby on 51b. moro disadvantageous conditions than in the City Handicap. There is another Lantern running in South Australia, about 2st. below the calibre of Mr. J. Crozier's horse, ond it is quite possible that Mr. E. T. Bornard mistakes one for the other.' The foregoing glaring irregularity escaped the attention of my Victorian confrères to a man, and it is gratifying to know that the well-informed con- tributor to the Adelaide Observer, who is well qualified to advance an opinion cn the subject, is thoroughly in accord with tho views ex rjreascd in tites* canning. This is what 'Trumpator' say- -'None o£ the hoxs,w at . présent in Adelaide, with the,exception of Mr. Croüicr's team, aro likely to visit Flemington this month, as Mr. Barnard has givon Lantern a weight which makes it Lombard-street to a Ohiua orange on his beating tho rest of tho locals. At Oakbank the other day he gave Tarpcia 111b. and a ten lengths beating. In tho Goodwood Handicap ho only concedes Mr. Maddcn's filly 61b., or lSlb, less than Mr. Hughes puts between the pair. Mr. Barnard can hardly havo seen a report of the Onka {taringa running, or no would never lave made such an inexcusable blunder.'," Last season Lantern won the Maidou Plate, dis- tances one milo, at Wcntwoith; the Flying Handicap, sit furlongs; tho Ladies'jTrophy, one mile and a-guartcr j and tho Freo Handi- cap, same distance, , , The telegraphic accounts of the Surnt races havo como to hand. "Vestal, who waa favour-l ably handicapped, won the Jockey Club Uandi-1 cap from Myrtle and Gift in that order. On the next day, in the Flying Handicap, thr- order was exactly rovcrscd, Gift being first, Myrtle second, and Vestal third. The South Australian St. Lcaer brought only three horses to the' post, The Broker beating tho V.It.O. and A.J.O. bluo ribbon winner by a head. This seems to show that ho has been rather fortunato In his victories,' and that'ho is some way removed from the best of his year. ' ' , From Southern files I seo that Commotion is ' now enjoying a well-earned holiday, and it is improbable that tho gallant son of Panic will be asked to carry silk until ho strips for tho next Mctbourno Cup or the Champion Stakes on Now Year's Day. The Now York Sportsman, describing an interview with Archer, who has now returned to England, gives the dictum of tho colobratod jockey regarding the scale of weights. Hoi says :-" Your weights hero aro a great deal too light. Put thom higher, and j ou will have hotter races, a truor run for your nioncy, and fewer accidents. In handicaps, especially tho City and Suburban,, tho light boys have no chance at the comer ; thov all go wide, and the elder- riders hug the rails, Hence so many good thrco-ycnr-olds, with vory light weights, ave been beaten in that race. i A curious incident seems to have oc- curred at Caulflold at the recent meeting owing to the steeplechase course not being properly defined. Tho At yus thus describes tho con tréte'mps?-"A field of cloven made the steeplechase ' an interesting event. The owner of Sir Samuel was fined £6 for late scratching. Tho Now Xoaland hoi se Clarence was a good deal fancied, but there was littlo to choose bctftecn him and cither Sativo or Dollar. As the old stcopio chose coui-so is Bull soft and unfit for galloping oven; the three movable biush fences worO| again used in front of the stund, and this kid to a Great blunder being mado in tho raco. Thoi men sent to put up the fences neglected to mako' the gap in tho rails in'oider to admit tho1 horses to tho straight. The result was that ííftor Native, Topsail, and Chester had fallen tho rest of tho fiold, finding no gap in the rails, ko^t as usuil to the inner'course, rnd only found out their mistake, when tho horses began to sink in the soft ground. Then they wheeled back by mutual consent, and each rider choosing his own point jumped the rails into tho-eiroight running. Some of tile horses thus got <a long load, Blackthorn and Granville ospeoially benefiting by it. Tho'lattcr was in the 'lead for nearly tho wholo of the second round, and won just as ho liked, with Black- thorn second, and Kingston third. Tho stewards, on'considering tho niBttor, decided that os the course ' had not been clearly indicated the raco should bo run again after tho other ovents on the chid wore decidod. The stewards also oxpresscd the opinion that, as a matter of equity, all bots on'tiio race should bo off. This was a raattor, however, resting entirely between backers nlid bookmakers, and while Homo of thom returned the money others insistod on tho wagers standing good for the socend ovent. AU the horses'cunio out ngain, and although there was littlo -doubt that with tho weights Gumville was tho best horso Olaronco was made tho favourite. The result of tho first rim was only altoiod na fur'aa the minor places wore concerned, for Glanville, reserving airush for the finish, boat Nativo by ia) hoad, Clnronce being third, iln Hie second race, Kingston, Boresford, and Tandstickor fell, while Topsail ran off. The winner, Gran- ville, is a rather small but compact liorae, who, with Hunt in tho saddle, lias recently won so\oral jumping raaos in the Mur- ray Valley distriot. This was his fiist try over a metropolitan course, and tho double victory secured for horso and rider a warm choor.nt tho finish. Any complications ' that might have resulted through another horao winning woro thus avoided." I seo fiom a Melbourne papor that tho com- mittee of tho Victoria Amatour Turf Club aro evidently determined to maintain the popu- larity and importance of tho Caulfield Cup.' This ^year the ovont will bo a handicap of 1500 aovs., 11000 sovs. to go to the ifh-st horso, 300 aova, to the second, and 200 sovu. to the thud. The payments ai a as follows :-5 sovs. on nomination, ' Monday, 1st Juno : second pay uient after declaration of weights, 5 sovs , duo T.uoeday, list September; and final payment, 4 p.m. on'Tuesday, 13th Ootober. All hoi ses not scratched on that dato will bo considered ncceptors and held liable for the balance, 10 gove. .onch. ' > ' The City and Suburban Hnndicap was run at Epsom on tho 20th Api ii, and resulted in a win for Bird of Freedom,'Mr. Abington'« Mao Mahen being second, and Mr.»li. O. Starkoy's Woodlark thiid. > .< ,i , , i The following aro tho nominations for the principell ¡Rockhampton Jockey Club Handi- caps aa pubhshod'in the llùcKhamplon XldUêtln.' These are very satisfactory, twentj-ueven horses being nominated for each event'. ' ' i ! Pona* Ouiw-is HANDICAP.-li Mm;. ' ' Mr. 'J'. H. HassoU'a b g. Velox aged Mr. T. II. HasBoll'a brg. Oaroloss, (late Mur vellouBL-C years , , , Mr. F. Relinoidoi"* b.c. Glengarry, 3 younp Mr. J Sf. T^ lairs Ink c. phrysos. 3 ycure Mr. J. J. Duraek's br li. Lord Lisgar, 0 years , Mr. J. J. Duraok'g br o Quninboneaon, 3 years ' Mr. J. Finnio's br li Qoldflndor, 5 yours Mr. J. Finme's ou.in. Medusa, S years ' > Me-sra. F. and T. J3 Moi gun's li.li. Glencoe. 5 years, ,, i , , Mr. li. Ross's b e. Tully bois, 3 years Mr. J. M'Gill's b g. Preaton, Ö years , Mr. J.' M'GIU's b,?. 5C meer, i years ' ' ' Mr. J P. JoBt's br.h. Kl&lnoro;, fi ycara > Mr. W. Mooney's b.li lliotor. ß yours Mr. W. Mooney a b in. Adatnantca, 5 years Mr, J. Morrlsot'a lilk.in. JGnipioas, 5 y oars Mr. P. Dillfs br.li. Master Emgwood, 0 years Mr. P. Duffs b f. Grace 3 ypiirs Mr. t}. Pohlman'« o.g. Now Moon, (lyoars Mr. K. Lyons'a blk u. Granby, 6 years ' Mr. R. Lyons'a ch-g Ppofc. aged i Mr. D. Budgo's b g. Rocket, nged Mr. H. Murphy's ur g. Newlawn, aged Mr. P. E. Dal/oil's b g. Marksman, aged Mr. D. Budge's b.g. Guardsman, (late Musjld), aged Mr. J. II. G. Poimtnoy's br.e. Castaway, 3 years Mr. J. If. G. Pountnoy'8 br.g. Wothorondalo. 3 years. i ROCKHAMPTON HANDICAP-2 MII.KS. Mr. T. H. Hassell'» b.g. Velox, aged 1 Mr. T. H. Haasoll'abr g. Careless, (late Marvellous), 6 years i / Mr. F. Kchnoider'« b c. Glengarry, 3 years Mr, J. M Niall'd blk c. Chryos, 3 years . Mr. J. J. Duracks br.b. Lord Lisgar, 0 year« Mr. J. J. Duraek's br.c Quamboneson, 3 yoars Mr. J. Finnlc'a br h. Goldflndcr, 5 yoars Mr. J. Finnio's ch.m. Medusa, 6 years Messrs F. and T. ¡3. Morgan's b.li. Glencoe, û years. Mr. K. Ross'a b c. Tallybois, 3 years Mr. J. M'GiU'a b,g. Preston, 6 years Mr. J. M GUI's b.g. 1 Pincer, Í years Mr. J. P. Jost'sb.o Pecronol, 3 ycara Yir. W. Moonoy'a b h. Ulotur, 0 years Mr. W. Mooney's b m. Adamantoa 6 yours Mr. J. Morrlsey's 1 Ik in Kmpresa, 5 years , Mr. R. Brown's br.g. Womb it, aned Mr. P. Dutl's bi- h. Master Ringwood, 0 years Mr. G. Pohlnmn's b g. Now Moon, 6 years Mr. R. Lyons'ablk.h. Granby,5 years Mr. It. Lj ona'a cb g Spot, ag d - Mr. D. Budge'« b g. Rocket aged Mr. IL Murphy's br g. Nowlawn, aged i Mr. H. M. Dal/ell's b g. Marksman, aged Mr. D. Budge's Guardsman, (late Musjid), aged Mr. J li. G. 1'oimtney's br o Castaway 3 yoars Mr. J. H. G. Pountnoy's br.g. Wothorondule, 3 yoars. _ THE petition in favour of the reprieve of Annie Judge, who was sentenced to death at the Circuit Court sittings last week, has been numerously signed (says the Rockhampton Bulletin), and will be forwarded to Brisbane at an early date. ln the prayer it is set forth that the jury recommended the prisoner to mercy because they were not satisfied that she was sane at the time she committed the deed ; that when the case was called on there were no legal practitioners in court, and the prisoner hav- ing no money, was undefended, and on a capital charge ; that there were many cases of child- birth in which the mother was not responsible for her actions ; that the petitioners believe that had she been defended that fact would have been cleared up ; that the jury appealed to have been under the same impression by their verdict; and that if she was not sane-as the jury found by their verdict-at the time the offence was committed, they were advised she could not be found guilty of either the offence of murder or the minor one of conceal- ment of birth. The petition concludes by asking his Excellency " to grant such relief on the premises as to your Excellency shall seem fit." 