ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [By Tns GsioeT.] Politics have for the nonce been driven from the public mind by powder, and during the week the peaceful echoes of Victoria have been disturbed by the din of " horrid war." Our gallant defenders, after three days of hard work, have re turned to their homes and usual daily avocations, covered with the glory and dust of the mimic battles in which they have taken part, and the acquired know ledge that if real soldiering is anything at all like the sham business in which they have been of late engaged, the life of a military hero is not one of uninterrupted beer and skittles. When the comparatively short time during which the militia has been in existence is considered, their effi ciency and acquaintance with military duties are matters for sincere congratula tion; and it is no flattery to say that for physique, smartness of appearance, and efhiciency in the field, Victoria's citizen soldiers compare most favourably with "regulars" in any part of the world. The celerity with which the men turned out on the alarm being sounded at the camp at Frankston, and the forts and batteries at the Heads, bodes ill to any hostile force that may visit us, and when the Gzar of all the Russias has been duly apprised of the reception his troops and cruisers are likely to meet, as he doubtless will be by some of his agents, who, according to one of the metropolitan morning dailies, are swarming in our midst, lie will alter his plans, recall his ships in the Pacific, and give Australia a wide berth. But of all the wars and rumours of wars which, during the Easter holidays, have heon "familiar in our mouths as household words," none is fraught with more impor tant consequences to the Victorian "army" than tho breach between the Defence Minister, Lient.-Colonel Sargood, and the Imperial officer at the head of the local forces. The Minister, who does not know enough of military matters to know that he knows nothing,is, it appears, in the habit of inter fering with the Commandant in a manner both vexatious and unwarrantable. So strainqd have the relations between the Ministerial and the permanent head of the department become, that the services of his Excellency the Governor, as Com mander-in-Chief, have been invoked in order to put an end to Mr. Ssrgood's interference in matters of detail. How the matter will eventually enditis hard to say. But unless his colleagues interfere and restrain the military ardour of the gentleman who, in addition to being able to boast with John Gilpin that I am a liendrap'r bold, As all the world does know, and that lie has transformed his yard mea sure into a field officer's sword, can also uride himself upon being one of his Excel lency's " responsible advisers," in all pro jiability there will be a vacancy in the Militia staff. The grim "King of Terrors" has during the week been busy in the ranks of the Assembly. James M'Pherson Grant, who during the last thirty years of the history of the colony has played at times a not unimportant part, has been gathered to his fathers. In the land of "spirits" lie will doubtless be happy. Poor Hugh M'Coll, too, the indefatigable advocate cf irriga tion, the organiser of the Great North Western Canal, whose talk was of "water, water everywhere," has also gone the way of all flesh, succumbing to an attack of apoplexy after three days' illness, and only living long enough to see the frui tion of a life's labours in the appointment of a Royal Commission to consider his cherished project of causing the North Western Plains to blossom- as the rose. When the rapid progress science is now making enables us to receive news direct from the Elysian fields, we shall no doubt be informed in due course that the Styx is being dammed, and Philegethon "canal ised." Evidently railway officials are like the Bourbons, of a class who " learn nothing." Late trains, insufficient accommodation for travellers, rushingof trains by ill-mannered holiday-makers, and the usual difficulties of obtaining tickets at the very incon venient places fixed upon for their issue, have, as on all occasions when the resources of the department are subjected to the slightest strain, been the rule. The advent to power of the highly-paid Railway Com missioners has not been followed by any improvement. When Parliament re-assem bles, Mr. Speight and his colleagues will have some deservedly uncomplimentary things said about them, and generally have "a rough time of it." But then for £3000 per annum one can submit to a little abuse with a good deal of complaceney. Although two months still separate us from the assembling of Parliament, the re distribution of seats is already creating hopes and fears. The system of single electorates is, to as large an extent as pos sible, to be brought into existence. A con stituency will have to be formed for Mr. Service; but where? For it is pretty well understood tthat Mr. Patterson will no longer carry in the Premier on his back. West Geelong also will once more be dissovered from "Geelong," where Mr. Berry, who at the last election was last on the poll, is far from certain of again becoming the colleague of Messrs. Chn ninghamu and Connor, and requires a seat. The disunited trinity of the Creswick elec torate, and the Manduraug triumvirate, will certainly be dealt with, but the changes in the Redistribution of Seats Bill will be as extensive as was at one time contemplated by the Government. The Ministry of the day, wise in their generation, are not desirous of bringing in any measure likely to provoke any very seriousdiscussionorendangeringttheirexist ence. A stop in advance has been takgn in "thq Boothby, job.'' In a recent Gpselle, in order, doubtless, to give that mysterious and favoured individual one of the requisite qualifications, he was gazetted a " Lieu tenant on probation," and posted to the Artillery. Unlike his brother officers in militia, this favoured individual has not been required to pass any exauoination, nor to undergo any previous military training. Just as Minerva issued frilly armed from the head of Jupiter, Boothby has appeared a full blown Lieutenant of Artillery, evolved from the depths of some of the military authorities' consciousness. Mr. Akehurst, the President of the Board of Health, has failed to hit the mark with any of the doien charges levelled it Mr. Shillinglaw, the Secretary of the Board. 'The three gentlemen to whom the duty of investigating the complaints of the President was referred have pro nounced them "frivolous" and "un founded." What will be the next step-in the affair? In all fair play Mr. Akehurst should himself be placed on his trial; for to ordinary people, unacquainted with the ways of the civil service, it appears strange that unfoundpd charges can be brought with impunity by a superior against an inferior, and that there should be no redress for such an injustice. The place of honour is, according to recent telegrams, on, the next occasion of a "brush" with Osnian Digma, to be assigned to the New South Wales con tingent. Strange to say this post is to be in the rear. Among Britons it has up to the present been generally supposed that glory sas chiefly to be won in the van of battle. Can the niistake-if indeed it be a mistake-in the minds of the British generals have arisen from the idea that at the antipodes the "seat of honour" is located in a different portion of the human form divine to that it occupies in the old country ? 