Latest Sporting News. THE CAULFIELD MEETING. (BY TELEGRAPH.) MELBOURNE, Thursday night.---During the day there has not. been a great amount of wagering going on for the coming events. On the strength of an excellent gallop at Caulfield this morning Velocipede again found supporters for the Caulfield Cup, and is now the favourite at 10 to I ; Prince Im perial two points less. The Madcap party are very conident, and consider her chances good. The mare has been backed freely, aRod her best price now is 100 to 0 (taken). Over the other events little or no wagering is, taking place. The Caulfield events are absorbing, all interest. The following are the best prices :-100 to 10 Velocipede, 100 to S Prince Imperial, 100 to 7 Tom Brown, 100 to G each Madcap, Welcome Jack, Blink Bonny, and Despot; 100 to 5 each Lord Wilton, Gratitude, Winchester, Plausiblei "and Lord Exeter; 100 to 4 St. Lawrence, Claptrap, Mozart, and Country-Boy; 100 to 3 Grace Darling. Lesbia, Too Too, and Im pulse; 100 to 2 Anglesey, Sirocco, Marie Louise, Vision, Lantern, The Andes, Corio lanus. Forlorn Hope, Urara, and The Israelite. The cup. is awakening a great aijount of interest, and visitors are here from all parts of the colonies.' By to-day's express from Sydney, a good crowd of sportsmen arrived, amongst them being Messrs. E? E. Joncs, W. Forrester, W. J. Clrrk, E. Dalley, and others. St. Anstins arrived about mid-day to-day, and the Derby colt,'Isonomy, landed after a splendid passage frotm Adelaide, and is in great form. At Cautield this morning I learn from a most reliable visitor to the Randwick train iag grounds that Velocipede galloped over an excellent mile and a half, doing the distihce' in 2min. 46sees. and the once round -the course in 2min.19aecs. vBlink "Bney, with a lightweight, also galloped a once round in the same time. She is in good form and moves over the.ground in beautiful style. Later.-During the evening- a dead" set was made against Tom Brown, and 100 to four'is now offered against him. .A.,lot: of money is going on Prince Imperial and.Lord Exeter. The latter is now qu.ated at 14 to 1. Velocipede is still favourite It 0l to 1. Friday.-This moining's work was very important at Flemington. -.Warwick and Brown and Rose, both looking` very well, cantered and galloped it mile and quarter, and the last six furlongs were covered.in Im. 2G6sees. Phaon cantered,,a s also' did Uralln, Nordend'e'dt, Percussion, Phillip Augustus, Acme, Tamarish, , rigantine, Trenton, Liverpool, and the rest of -Mr. Robinson's horses. My Lady, Eagle Grange, and others also cantered. The South Aus tralian horse, Isonomy, cantered, and looks well, and is a hot 'un to 'look at. Wing galloped once round at a fair pace. Plaus ible and Arsenal ran a"n excellent six fur longs. Cerise and Blue went once round at a strong pace, and looks well. . Most of the horses have goneito :Caulfield, amongst them being Tom Brotvn,, who is somewhat amiss after his gallop of yesterday morning. The following are " lMartindale's " tips for Saturday at Caulfield '-Selling Race, Sorceress. Second Hurdles:-tCiavenswoi'th or Mistake. Nursery, Handical;-Damocles or Yellow Jacket. .Cu'p -Prince Imperial, Welcome Jack, or Despot, and the best out. siders, Minerva or Too Too.: Open Steeple. chase.--Studley or Trickett. ,Windsor Han dicap.-The Ghost, Jocular. " Cnspian '' seleots: 'Prince Imperial or Velocipede to fnu'nish the'wiiner of the Cup. 