[?] The Treasurer (the Hon. W. B. Rounsevell) was a passenger for Melbourne by the steamer Adelaide, which left on Wednesday. We have received from Mr. Saul Solomon, of the School of Photography, Rundle-street, a very beautiful and apparently faithful photo graph of the late General Gordon. As the period during which credit selectors may surrender their agreements for new agree ments under Act 318 of 1884 will expire on Saturday next, the Government offices will remain open until 5 on that day. A telegram has been received by the Acting Chief Secretary from the Agent-General (Sir Arthur Blytb), stating that the Right Hon. the Secretary of State sent a telegram to the Governor of South Australia on Friday de clining assistance for the present. A married woman named Mary Tessington, living off Rundle-street east, attempted to commit suicide on Saturday afternoon by taking a. precipitate. Mr. Hartley, the chemist, was called in, and administered an emetic to the woman, who eventually recovered, none the worse for her rash action. At the meeting of the Central Board of Health on Wednesday a communication was received from the secretary to the Sydney Board of Health, stating that as twenty-one days had expired since the last case of small pox was reported the authorities had resumed issuing clean bills of health to outgoing vessels. Messrs. E. B. Heyne & Co. forwarded by the_ s.s. Liguria, seventy varieties of Australian seeds to Prince Bismarck, as a present on his attaining his 70th birthday on the 1st of April. A letter accompanied the seeds, expressing the hope that they would do well at Prince Bismarck's country residence at Varzin. We have received a copy of ' The Adelaide University Calendar for the Academical Year 1885.' It contains a mass of information as to the constitution and scope of the University, and every particular in reference to it, that it is desirable for students and intending students to know. It also includes the annual report of the council for 1884. Our shipping reporter sends the following items: — A sugar-laden vessel was sixty days out from Port Louis on Saturday, and in face of the weather reported by late arrivals she ought to have entered an appearance before now. Some idea of the depreciation of sailing vessels may be gained from the fact that a brig of over 300 tons has been purchased for £400. The number of passengers who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea during the weekthatended Saturday, February 21, was 302, of whom 241 came from Melbourne, 18 from Liverpool, 33 from London, 7 from Natal, 2 from Hamburg, and 1 from Sydney. The number of departures during the same period was 456, of whom 419 left for Melbourne, 10 for Sydney, 23 for Albany, and 2 each for London and Brisbane. On Thursday afternoon as Miss Korffand some friends were driving along the Smith field-road, near Gawler, the horse attached to the buggy shied, and the sudden swerving of the vehicle threw the young lady out. She was picked up and conveyed to the residence of Dr. Dawes. It was found that no bones were broken, though the lady was severely bruised and shaken. She is progressing satisfactorily. The following probates and letters of administration were granted during the week ending February 21 : — Probates — John Hammond, £1,000; Frederick May, £4, GOO ; Caroline Daniels, £300 ; Thomas Rook, £950 ; Lucas Parrelski, £110 ; Charles James, £450. Letters of Administration — Richard Win. Spicer, £200; Richard Thos. Coate, £300; Johann T. Weinert, £300; William Joseph Cook, £C50 ; Robert Blair, £50. The wardens of the Marine Board started on the second part of their annual inspection of Ihe outports and beacons last Saturday after noon. There are on board — Captain R. H. Fergusson (president), Captains Legoe and Formby, and the Hon. L. Glyde. The portion of the coast to be visited on this trip is the south, including the lighthouses of Cape Jervis, Cape Willoughby, Cape Jaffa, Rivoli Bay, and Cape Northumberland. A short time ago a deputation consisting of Messrs. D. Bower, M.P., and W. E. Mattinson, M.P., and a number of masters and owners of small craft at Port Adelaide, waited on the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. J. Coles) and asked that the tonnage dues at present charged on all vessels of under 100 tons entering the Port of Wallaroo might be dispensed with. Mr. Bower has received an intimation that the Government will accede to the request of the deputation. A gun accident occurred at Thebarton on Friday evening by which a lad aged fourteen years, named George Whiteford, was it is thought mortally injured. He was in the company of a playmate who was handling a fowling-piece, when the weapon accidentally went off, lodging the charge of small shot full in the face, neck, and shoulders of the unfortu nate lad. Whiteford was quickly and skilfully attended to by the hospital doctor, but lies in a critical condition. Our Port Pirie correspondent writes: — 'It may be of interest to many of your readers to know that three first cousins of the late General Gordon live in Melbourne — Mrs. RanMne, Mrs. Benson, and Mr. James Hardy — and there is another in the person of Mrs. John Johnston of Port Pirie, late of RedhilL all children of Thomas Hardy, merchant, of Falkirk, Scotland, who died in 1850. Mrs. Hardy and General Gordon's mother were full sisters, belonging to a village near Falkirk.' A return has been prepared giving a list of the indents sent to the Agent-General for the two years ending June 30, 1884, the names of the persons who supplied the goods, and stating whether tenders were called for or not. It ap pears that except in the case of the Marine Board, the Engineer-in-Chief's department, and the Hydraulic Engineer's department, it has not been the practice to call for tenders. All the materials used at the Government printing-office are obtained by private offer. The return is a voluminous one, covering nearly twenty-four pages. All who are connected with nautical circles writes our shipping reporter will regret to hear of the sudden death of Captain John Black, of the brigantine Sword fish, who was found dead in his bed on Satur day morning last, at his residence in Mel bourne. He was a very old intercolonial trader, who had been in charge of some of the Tasmanian small vessels for over twenty years, but having a very retiring and reticent disposition he was only known amongst salt water rangers, to whom many of Ms good qualities have been often proved. We have received from Mr. J. G. Russell, the Commissioner of Taxes, copies of the land and income tax return forms. They do Mr. Russell great credit, and prove that he possesses undoubted capacity for the office which he fills. The forms contain an abun dance of information with most comprehensive directions. But we are afraid that the average taxpayer will look at them with a puzzled head and a troubled mind. Mr. Russell says that the taxpayers, ii,they look at the forms long enough, will find them simplicity itself. Let us hope so. We have our doubts. A case for the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals to take in hand was noticed at the Adelaide railway-station on Wednesday. A fine sheep evidently suffering most acute pain from some disease had come unprotected in any way from Stockyard Creek in the passenger train booked to the in spector of , sheep, and in being handled by the railway officials, must have experienced great agony, as it trembled, but could not kick if even lightly touched on the body. It might have been killed, or even allowed a box and some straw before being sent down. A rapid and extraordinary change in the weather took place early on Monday morning. A little after 7 o'clock an extremely violent gust of wind rose from the south, garnering a great quantity of dust in its course. Several trees in the park lands and some of the gardens were blown down, and the verandah and front part of the roof of a shop occupied by Mr. G. Cater, on the Parade, Norwood, were destroyed. At Glenelg the gale came on very rapidly. A number of fishermen who had gone out soon returned, and so far as we can ascertain no damage was done. The gale was of a very short duration. Messrs. W. H. Beaglehole M.P., and R. Cald well, M.P.,waited on theCommissionerof Crown Lands on Wednesday afternoon, and presented a petition numerously signed by residents of Ardrossan and surrounding districts, pray ing that something should immediately be done for conserving water in that neighborhood. It was suggested that a large tank of 336,000 gallons should be excavated in Clay Gully, the cost being estimated at something' under £600. Both dams in that neighborhood had been dry for about a month, whilst the Tiddy \Viddy wells were out of repair. Mr. Playford promised to obtain a report on the subject. Penj-deh, to which the Russians are reported by cablegram to have advanced, is a Turcoman stationary camp about 100 miles south of Mery, and 130 north of Herat. It is also called Punj-deen, and the name means 'the five villages.' It consists of about 300 tents of black felt arranged in two squares, and fitted up with a good deal of Oriental luxury. It is situated on the banks of the Mourghab, which rises on the northern slopes of the Parapomisus Mountains, recently claimed by Russia as her southern boundary in Turkestan. Penj-deh lies on what is probably, the only available route from Merv to Herat and CabuL . and thence to Northern India. The old-established firm of Messrs. James Martin & Co., says our Gawler correspondent, is about to be dissolved. The stock-in-trade at Gawler will shortly be submitted to the bammer, as also.wjll be tbe premises, stock, and plant at Gladstone and Quorn. This result - has been arrived at in consequence, we believe, . of some disagreement among the partners, but ?although fpr a time it will be the means of throwing a number of men out of workj 'no doubt fresh arrangements will be made for - carrying on the Gawler branch. At this par ticular season it is very unfortunate for the Gawler employes, as work is scarce, and there are a number out of employment. Special sermons in connection with the com memoration day of the Salisbury Congrega tional Church were preached by the Rev. J. McEwin on Sunday last. On the following day the usual tea and business meetings were held, and were largely attended. Mr. R. Verco presided at the latter gathering: The report presented by the secretary showed that the church membership numbered twenty-six, four having joined and three transferred during the year. The treasurer had £1 9s. in hand, £54 9s. having been received for the same period. The Rev. J. McEwin, Mr. Swan, and Mr. Herrington also spoke. The choir sang several anthems, with Miss Coker as organist. A meeting of the stewards of the Adelaide Racing Club was held on Thursday to consider what steps should be taken with reference to holding the usual Birthday meeting on the Old Course in May in view of the determina tion of the S.A.J.C. to hold their Cup meeting, in Melbourne en the same month. It was de cided to make a special appeal to the citizens to subscribe to a fund to enable a first-class meeting with well-endowed stakes to be held on the Queen's Birthday and other usual days on the condition that the A.R.C. supplement at the rate of pound for pound the amount so subscribed, and that tickets of admission be given to all subscribers in proportion to the amount of their subscriptions. Captain Simpson, of the steamer Tenterden, which arrived from Newcastle last week, reports the loss of a barque on Cliffy Island. It appears as he came past the island he ob served a Swedish barque with sails flying adrift from the yards, lying bard and fast on the rocks, the headmost part of the vessel being submerged. The crew had landed, and in answer to signals the reply was set that no assistance was required. The signal flags were HIRP, but not having a Swedish signal book the vessel's name was not known. Of course it was Captain Simpson's intention to signal the first station he passed, but on reaching Capes Otway and Northumberland the weather was too thick to make out the flags. ' The Eye and the Ear' was the subject of a lecture delivered by Mr. W. J. Young, M.A., ' before the Hindmarsh Young Men's Society in the local Congregational schoolroom on Monday evening. There was a moderate attendance, and the president, Mr. James Lawrence, occupied the chair. The lecturer succeeded in dealing with the various tech nicalities of his subject in a lucid manner, and imparted information of an edifying nature. Large and exceptionally good models of the eye and ear, as well as diagrams of the human frame, were shown and explained. In reply to a vote of thanks, Mr. Young stated his willingness to lecture on other subjects for the benefit of the members of the society. Mr. Fred. Marshall, the comedian, wh: has been staying with Mr. Egremont in Ade laide and at Port Elliot for some months past, has exhibited such slight signs of recovery to mental health that his case has been given up as hopeless, and acting on the advice of Dr. Nield and the trustees of ? th: Marshall fund in Melbourne, a passag ? to England was procured for him in the Barossa, which sailed on Sunday last. It is sincerely hoped that the passage may improve the shattered health of the popular comedian, but those with whom he has been associated for some time past entertain but little hope of his ultimate recovery, and think it very proble matical whether he will ever act again. At» extraordinary general meeting of the Port Pirie North Land Company was held at Industrial Buildings, King William-street, on Wednesday, when 3,762 shares were repre \- ented out of 4,250, the full number of shares in the company. The object of the meeting was to enquire into the general working of the company since its formation, which was con sidered to be most satisfactory. Mr. F. E. Bucknall, M.P., proposed, and Mr. D. Bower, M.P., seconded — 'That the thanks of the meeting are due to the directors for the inde fatigable manner in which they have conducted the business of the company.' This was carried unanimously. A vote of thanks was accorded to the chairman (Mr. Caleb Peacock) The Messagenes-Maritimes steamer Oceanien, which arrived from Marseilles on Tuesday, is the handsomest boat of the line. She is re plete with all the luxuries for sea travelling which modern science and skill can suggest, and can steam over 16 knots an hour. The Oceanien, which is on her maiden voyage, is 436 feet long, 35 feet in depth, and 42 feet in breadth of beam, and has a splendid flush promenade deck. The saloons and cabins are furnished in a most superior manner, the electric light is used throughout the vessel, and hot and cold water is available at [all hours. The fleet of the company in 1884 consisted of 46 vessels, all ex cept one being iron steamers, and a dockyard for the fleet nas been built at Ciotal, where 3,000 persons find employment in the different establishments. In consequence of another death, believed to be ^from typhoid fever, and further reported sickness at Hergott, Mr. J. Moule, the senior member for the district of Flinders, who had received a report by wire, waited on the Acting Chief Secretary (Hon. T. Playford) on Tuesday morning to urge that some steps should be taken to allay the general anxiety which at present prevails in the locality. Mr. Playford. promised to look into the matter, and subse quently a conference between the Acting-Chief Secretary, the Commissioner of . Public Works, and the Colonial Surgeon took place. It was eventually decided that the Colonial Surgeon (Dr. Paterson) should proceed to Hergott on February 27, in order to inspect the temporary Government hospital there, and generally to report to the Government on the condition of the neighborhood. ! At the fortnightly meeting of the Trades' and Labor Council held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel on Friday week a \engtny discussion took place on the state of the labor market and the best means to be adopted to induce the Government to provide work for the unemployed. It was stated that between 700 and 800 men in the colony ; were without work, and that many families were actually starving. The chief men of the colony were holiday-making in other lands, and in consequence the numerous public works authorised by Parliament were in abeyance. After a long and very warm discussion, in the course of which the supineness of the Govern ment was severely criticised, it was decided to hold a mass meeting at Victoria-square1 on Monday next to further discuss the state of the labor market and what action should be - taken to induce the Government to provide work for the unemployed. The following paragraph is taken from the St. James's Gazette of January 15 : — ' The question of Imperial union .with the colonies is ' a working .man's question. ' So it was said by Lord Rosebery in bis letter; it was many times repeated at Wednesday's conference in the Memorial Hall; and the statement needs no defence. A few years ago — even a year . ago — it might have been said that the desire of Englishmen to keep unbroken their union with the colonies was merely a graceful and patriotic . sentiment. The colonies, said many advanced Liberals and political economists of the Gold-, win Smith school, are ' no good ' tons, though it may be nice to have them. Such language can hardly be used now. With the markets of the world closing before our eyes, it becomes clear that the livelihood of our population may depend on keeping Australia, and Canada, and South Africa open to our traders.' An Anglo-Saxon Zollverein has come within the purview of the most * practical ' politician.' At the Local Court on Wednesday an appli cation was made by Mr. Cox to -the . S.M. to grant an order for the payment to Geo. Bishop of the sum of £7 5s. The application arose out of the following circumstances :— Several days ago Geo. Bishop had Walter Blackburn arrested on a claim for £7 5s., by means; of a warrant granted on the ground that Blackburn was about to quit the colony. When arrested Blackbvn paid the amount into court, and the case was set down for hearing in the Local Court. Before the case came on Blackburn declared himself insolvent, and the clerk of the. Local Court (Mr. W. Johnstone) refused to hand over the money to the official-receiver, basing his action on the 89th and 114th sections of the Insolvency Act of 1860. Matters being in this condition Sir. Cox, acting as attorney for the ' plaintiff, asked for an order authorising the clerk to pay over the sum to his client. ' This was objected to by Mr. Nicholson,, who appeared on behalf of the official-receiver. His Honor said the point raised was an entirely new one, and he would therefore consider it, and give his decision at a future date. The following items are extracted from the general orders issued from the Staff Office on Friday, February 20 : — ' Lieut. H. B. Taylor, introduction of the revised regulations for class-firing it will be very difficult to carry out the system of pay as laid down in general orders No. 5, of the 17th November, 1882. Pay for class-firing will be given fpr each parade a man attends as of old. . Captains of companies having ranges at Port.Ade&ide; are requested to give instructions that all men arriving by or going to train are marched to or from the station by the senior officer present, as .at Dry . Creek. The commandant has been pleased to allow Lieut. G. E. Wilson, D Company, ' to exchange with Lieutenant NortHmore, , C Company, A.R. The brigade, except I and L .Companies and B Battery,' will parade in field-day order at- 4.45 p.m. B Battery and L Company .parade at the Port Adelaide railway-station at 4.30 p.m., 28th inet, Field-day order— Each jnjuato be provided with 12 hours' rations and 40 rounds blank ammunition. A -Battery to find drivers for the ambulance waggons, and one watercart. . '\\. '. --'??... All works sanctioned by Parliament are being pushed on. 'in ;; border ? to relieve the prevailing distress, and tile Commissioner of Public Works states- that Shortly- , : there wOl be such ? an amount ; of work. ;given out as will provide ?: employment for -all who desire it. On Tuesday tenders were accepted for 200 railway trucks, 100 to be made at Port Adelaide. Tenders have been- icalled for the passenger station extension at the Port, a work which will cost some thousands. All the available men in the survey depart ment have been put on the survey of tile Silver ton line of railway, and tenders for the con struction of the line will be called in about five weeks. Tenders will also, it is understood, be shortly called for the construction of the telegraph line to Silverton. Tenders fo- the construction of goods, trucks, covered vans, and horse-boxes, are also to be called for in connection with the locomotive department. At Hergott Springs work can be found for men, and in the opinion of the Commissioner there need be no men out of work provided they will accept employment away from town. The Commissioner also states that the vermin boards are applying for men to be employed ia rabbit destruction. This week's Government Gazette contains a return of land sold and cash received during the month of January. The area of land sola for cash was 430 acres, which realised £1,149 3s. 3d., while the credit sales amounted to £89,122 12s. lid., the land purchased being 81, 705 acres. The newly-opened country lands covered an area of 13,881 acres, and realised £16,295 17s. 6d. The sum paid into the . Treasury on account of cash sales was £750 19s. 9d. The amount received for improvements was £788 12s. The grant total payments on account of land during the month amounted to £30,737 9s. 5d. of which the following are par ticulars: — Completion of purchase of 17,003i acres under Act 14 of 1868-9, &c.;, £18,071 15s1 lOd. ; payment of one-fourth purchase- money, £S29 8s. 3d. ; payment of half purchase-money, £164 ; payment of portion ot purchase-inoney, £292 Is. ; payment of deposit (10 per cent.) on account of purchase-money, Acts 275/82 and 318/84, £8,904 18s. 7d. ; second instalment of interest, £333 Is. ; extension of credit for purchase-money, £1,113 16s. ; extension of credit for three-fourths of purchase-money, £126 7s. lOd. ; extension of credit for half purchase-money, £81 19s. lid. ; interest on overdue amounts, £69 Is. 7d. \ During a discussion. on: the ''question o£ typhoid fever at the meeting. of the Central Board of Health last week, the president (Dr. Whittell) stated that during the present year only twenty-one cases of typhoid had been reported and registered in the record -of in fectious diseases occurring in the colony. He was aware that this did not represent anything like the actual number, and from information given him outside the office lie believed the fever was more prevalent and the cases, more severe than was usual in February. ; The board expressed an opinion that the dairies should be specially attended to during the next two or three months. The members did not think the deep drainage system, had. anything to do with the present outbreak, .and an opinion was expressed by the board that wherever the fever occurred the. persons in attendance should exercise the greatest precau tion in the disposal of the excreta. These should always be disinfected and buried deep ' n the soil if there be ground available, and .under no circumstances should they be put into cesspools or waterclosejbs before 'being thoroughly disinfected. Dr. Budd's liquid (of 1 to 2 lbs. of green copperas to a gallon of water) was spoken of as an efficient .disin fectant. . . . , The Border Watch of February 21 writes: — 'Mr. A. B. Scandrett, Government survey camp, Lake Leake, has sent us a young snake, one of thirty-one which he. found a few days ago in a large, reptile.' Mr. Scandrett, in a note accompanying ? the package, writes : — ' Sir — Do snakes ' liy - reggs ? It may be interesting - to 'some of your readers when I state that yesterday (Monday) one of my field assistants killed a black snake about' four feet long, which when opened contained 31 young snakes about seven inches long coiled up in siriaH separate'trans parent bags. They apparently had never been born.' In answer to the question we 'may say that non-venomous snakes are 'generally ovip arous (they lay eggs and then. -hatch them), and venomous snakes, such as the black snake, . ovoviyiparous (producing eggs inside the body and giving birth to then- young alive): The fact that the common black- snakes produce their young alive is pretty well established. It . has been alleged that vipers and some other venomous reptiles when alarmed swallow their young, and eject them' again after reaching a place of safety. There is, however, a doubt on this point, and if any of our readers have made observations on it we shall be glad to publish iheir conclusions.' ; We have received the following memoran .dum, dated February 24, from the Postmaster General and Superintendent of Telegraphs (Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G.), with reference-to the late heavy rains in the North, and the consequent delay of mails : — The . post master at Innamincka, in a letter; dated the 8th inst., informs me of the 'state of the£ country about thereafter! the recent heavy ' rains, causing delays to the mails, TheHaddon mail left Innamincka on the 19th January, and was due back on the 26th of the same month, but floods prevented the mailman from coming on, and he did not arrive until the 9th February. Some idea of the rainfall- may be had when it is stated that waggons 'with three tiers of wool which were camped on the road were under water. The mailman reports 12 inches of rain at Haddon and'Cadelgo, and up to 14 inches in various places in the neighborhood. The rivers Herbert, Diamentina, and Cooper are running strongly, the hitter having readied Perrichame, filling many of the Coongie lakes, and has washed down portions of the police barracks in course of erection at TTinaTmTiWIra. It was observed that during :all the rain the wind was from -tile south-east. The postmaster at Innamincka further reports the detention of the Queensland mail from Thargonrindah. He says it lias not arrived for five weeks. The following extracts, 'the first from the Canterbury Times of February- 7, andthe other from the Auckland Weekly News of the same date, will be interesting to South- Australian holders of stock in the- Westport Coal Com pany : — ' It will be cheerfully allowed' in the not remote future that - the ceremony' of the other day at Westport is - one of the most im portant ceremonies - that has ever taken place in New Zealand. As the Premier- said when inaugurating the beginning' of the barbor works, Westport is destined -to be one of tile foremost cities in New Zealand. It is1 on the cards in fact that owing to the '-enormous demand ;- for the -'produce ?' of -the in exhaustible coalfields of ? the Westport district, Westport. - will : be tha largest: and wealthiest city in New Zealand. If this is ever thexesult of the colonial guarantee given to the half million loan .for the 'harbor; works (and there seems much solid reason to believe that it will) -we can; only wish fervently for more opportunities of. such guarantees.3' 'The Premier, the Hon. Mr. Stout, laid the first stone of the harbor, works at .11 o'clock on Monday, the 2nd instant.. In his speech on the occasion he pointed to the! great.! future before this district, because of ^ts mineral resources, and predicted that Westport would eventually become one of the foremost cities in New Zealand.' . , ''.??'* A. very successful and enjoyable entertain ment was given on ' Saturday evening ; to the boys of the Reformatory Hulk by a number of visitors from the city. The ? visitors were re ceived by Mr. Weipitt, the schoolmaster, who was in charge during the temporary absence of the superintendent (Mr. Button). An in spection of the hulk having been made the visitors adjourned to the cabin and partook of a light repast, after which all the lads were told to 'fall in' on the main deck. -Pastor Bamber, of Port Adelaide, was elected to the chair, and delivered a' short but interesting address to the lads,: after which a very lengthy_ programme, con sisting of vocal - and instrumental songs, duets, recitations, .and . readings' was success fully earned out by the following ladies and! gentlemen, viz., Misses Saunders, Wadham, and Hounslow ; and Messrs. Green, Daymqnd, Symons, Morgan, ' Hounslow, Witherick, Carr, Taylor, ShaWj' Weir, and NewelL A pleasing feature of the evening waa-te short programme 'of songs and recitations wholly carried out by tile following lads of the hulk, viz., Masters Grant, ElMott, VantilL and GoodalL The manner in which the hids sung; and recited showed that they possessed more than the average amount, of intelligence, and with careful; training should give a good account of themselves when: they leave the hulk. \- Quite a scene occurred in: the Port Adelaide Police Court on Saturday '.morning.' !An in formation against Thomas Doyle forleaving his wife and four .children without adequate means of support had' just been' dismissed and the S.M. had left the ' Jjench;'' wljen the defendant approached his children for the j urpose of taking them ! awaywithiiinii They immediately commenosd screaming, and one of 1 hem, a little girl aged about six yeais,* ' went for' her father with a.small parasoL while the mother used a healthy-looking umbrella with { reat vigor upon his head and shoulders. The cefendant eventually succeeded ' in otitaining \ ossesaon of three of the youngsters,fbut the ether one eSected.its .escape. ' -: - -~ A company -which ias been recently formed] in Gawler, called rtfce Gawler Comedy Com P^y* B^^ their first performance m the in stitute-hall on Tuesday. ' The7 company num rbers several' members, tlie,1 patron being ithe mayor, with Mrs. E.-S/Btntott as patroness, iand Mr,, W, M^tofas proficient, Tbe fin$ piece in which the company made its: debut was Craven's 'Meg's Diversion,' the follow ing being the cast: — Jemmy Grow, Mr. S. Xtichardson? Ashley Merton, Mr. S. K. Thomson ; Jasper Pidgeon, Mr. P. J. Ryan ; Roland Pidgeon, Mr. Ii. B. Gordon ; Eytem, ' Mr. J. Loveridgs : Cornelia, Miss Wallace ; Margaret, Miss Laycock ; Mrs. Netwell, Miss Barnet. The piece was well put on thestage, and the acting was very creditable. Miss Laycock as Meg showed great dramatic power, and Miss Barnet as the designing widow received deserved applause. The Cornelia of Miss Wallace might have been better. She has a pleasant appearance and a rich voice, over which, she has perfect control, but a little more animation 'would have been an improvement. The gentlemen succeeded in pairing their parts interesting. The farce ' Turn him Out' went well from beginning to end. Mr. H. Wilkinson was a capital Nicodemus Nobbs both in get-up and rendition, and Mr. A. Mitchell as Eglantine Roseleaf was much applauded. There was scarcely sufficient accuracy of text in some portions of the dialogue. There was a large audience. The Silver Age of February 14 says : — 'An Adelaide telegram to our Wilcannia contempo rary, the Western Grazier, intimates that the South Australian Government has decided to push on the construction of the Silverton rail way line at once, and we have the further in formation on 'reliable authority that with this object tenders for the earthworks on the line will be called for next month. These will be let in three sections. No doubt one of the reasons for this haste is to provide employment for the large number of men now being dis charged from the Moonta and other S.A. mines, through the low price of copper ; and to that end the Government could not possibly hare hit upon better means. The construction of the line will afford temporary relief, and as it approaches Silverton the discharged miners will be absorbed on the large silver-lead lodes that are certain to be thrown into active work toy its construction. The surveyors engaged on the permanent survey— Messrs. Becket, Burrows, and Worsley — are making good pro gress, and are now at their last camp on the . lust section, which extends from Petersburg to two miles this side of the Telpa eating- hcuse. The first two have been working from the Petersburg end, and Mr. Worsley from Tetalpa. It is not yet decided whether the remaining distance, from the Tetalpa end to the border, will be surveyed in one or two sections, but in either case it is anticipated that the survey will be completed in May.' An 'Anti-Deist' Society has been founded in Paris, and it has just begun its operations by holding a sort of anti-prayer meeting in one of the public halls of the city. The object of the society is 'to combat religious dogmas of every description;' and its motto, ?which was set forth conspicuously on a placard ?n the hall, is ' Dieu, voila l'ennemi. The second article of its statutes declares that its special aim is ' to suppress the word * Dieu ' and its equivalents in all the languages of the globe; for, as the being so designated is a mere fiction, the word has neither sense »or mum d'etre.' The Anti-Deists are under a pledge -not to use the word themselves in their correspondence or conver sations. Even fee familiar formula 'adieu' is banished from their phraseology, and 'a ton souvenir' substituted for it. The anti-Abbe Gaston preached a species of sermon — an anti sermon it ought to be called, perhaps ; though, like or-hodox sermons, it was in three heads, turning on the creation, Providence, and a future state — all of which the preacher denied. The journalist who has reported the pro ceedings asked his neighbor as they were leaving the hall if he really held those atheistical tenets. 'Certainly I do ; I am a thorough-going Anti-Deist, thank God !' was the not over-consistent answer. The society (says a London paper) -might begin its mis sionary labors by attempting to abolish need less appeals to the Deity in the English mercantile marine. What was termed a Shakespearian Fair was recently held in the Town TTa.il Melbourne, by the Roman Catholics ot the city and suburbs in order to raise funds to provide a suitable domicile for the members of the order of Carmelite Friars now established in Mel bourne. The fair extended over a week, and closed on Tuesday week. On that night, prior to closing, Mr. Fitzgerald, M.L.C., Prior Butler, and some of the members of the \- executive committee ascended the platform, and Mr. Fitzgerald announced that the total receipts had been £3,000, and he expected that sum would be doubled by the time the art union was drawn in connection with the fair. The drawing would take place on the 20th of June. Prior Butler, who was warmly greeted, expressed his grateful acknow ledgments to all who had been instru mental in making so pronounced a success of the fair that was initiated with the object of providing a home for himself and his brother Carmelites. He was particularly pleased to say that the fair was generously patronised by all classes and creeds in the community. To the press he was greatly indebted ; and as for the ladies he could not find words to express Ids sense of the enthusiasm and disinterested . ness they had all displayed. He would never forget the special exertions that had been made by the president (Mr. Fitzgerald), the treasurer (Mr. Hogan), and the secretary (Mr. Wood). We understand that the remaining priests of the Carmelite order at Gawier are likely to remove to Melbourne. The preliminary meeting to consider the present dearth of employment in the colony turned out a larger affair than its promoters appear to have contemplated. The refresh ment-room at the Town Hall, in which the proceedings took place, was crammed to over flowing with working- men, manufacturers, and others who takealivelyinterestin the question. A late M.P. and a ubiquitous M.L.C. were among the audience, but they did not speak. The Mayor of Adelaide occupied the chair, and scored a double point with the audience by denouncing the Soudan ven ture as unnecessary, and then stating . thatif the Government felt themselves justified in proposing to expend £150,000 on the expe dition they should now be zeady to devote a pimilMv sum to public works of a nature to re lieve, line existing distress. Subsequently the warlike aspirations of the community found a defender in the Dean of Adelaide, who said he was glad to see the people of South Australia propose .to unite themselves with England in prompting the general -welfare of humanity. - ffhe feeling of the meeting was, however, evi dently . against .. the . proposed expedition. Several of the speakers expressed themselves strongly in favor of an alteration in the tariff, and their remarks on this subject appeared to find favor with agreat majority of those pre sent. The only proposition submitted was one . appointing a committee of manufacturers and . working men to formulate resolutions to be submitted to tiie monster meeting on the same subject, to be held in the Town Hall, and this was earned unanimously. All credit is due to the Government for the willingness shown to provide employment for large numbers of our laboring population anxious for . work but unable to find it, and it is highly desirable that these efforts should \- take a direction that will be' of substantial benefit to. the commercial progress of the colony. One of the best services on which Government parties of working.' men could be employed at the present moment would, be the construction of the tele-' graph v'iiiie '- which is to connect .the. system of this 'colony -with 'Silverton.; Ifine-tenths of the trade of the Barrier silver field is conducted with South Australia; most of the merchants, storekeepers, and other busi-. ness men at Silverton are - South Australians, . ? and all their mercantile associations are with Adelaide, and the line would be freely used and would be of great conveniencefor their com mercial and other communications. The per manent railway survey is almost completed, and the construction of the railway has been decided upon. It will be necessary to carry a line of., telegraph . to Silverton sooner or later, and in view of the great benefit . the line would be t and the profitable business relations subsisting between Adelaide and . Silverton, -the immediate construction of the line has much to recommend it. A brisk trade is fast growing at the centre of the Barrier ?'. . mining industry which Adelaide merchants ought to cultivate. Telegraph communication iietweeh Silverton and this city cannot be long 'delayed, and if the work were commenced at once it would furnish mmma of employment ' for numbers 'of men with a certainty of repro ductive returns. . . ? . : ;' The quarterly meeting of the S. A. Sunday-, school Union* was held in the Glenelg Wes leyan Lecture-hall on Monday evening. A large number of persons sat down to the tea. while at the public gathering, which was pre sided over by Mr. W. Gilbert, M.P-, there was also a capital attendance. The proceed ings having been initiated with singing and prayer, Mr. D. Nock read an in teresting .paper on 'A Model School Superintendent;' The paper, which dealt ' chiefly with the necessary qualifications of a superintendent, also suggested the advisability of this officer tieing empowered to privately . examine and appoint teachers to their respec '.. live ' classes, and to question and instruct young people prior to tfieir admission into the schools. On the question of tpiftTn**H-;*!''''*j .... Mr. Nock, although. 'admitting that it was un , :, reasonable ' to expect Christians generally, '. ,-*nd. particularly ministers of religion and office- bearers, to _ totally abstain from 'smoking -'irt «^tJT»Tnw£rj expressed the opinion . that the superintendent or teacher's usefulness ' was considerably curtailed' by the fact of his -r her not being an abstainer. Mr. C. 3, 'balder explained that .it was .proposed to Id in July next pn exhibition of school aids \- . '^appliances for the benefitof teachers and mam gcnnyJlj* . WiththlS object 19. JMBW \- ? **i«n jnftfujflflfl jyn^jmy4'/i'RngIftn1fl Anrfly Staining the most approved appliances. ./ '?'_?' ibo suggested tortave a course of three on. '** Evidences of Christianity during1' iaee centuries.' A discussion than Mr. Nock's paper, and the proceed ings were brought to a close by the contents of the question-box being dealt with. A headless ghost has made its appearance ttearEphrata, in Pennsylvania, where it excites considerable t^iriosity and alarm. There is no doubt whatever as to its being a veritable ghost. ' It was first seen by the Rev. Daniel Witner when returning home one evening from the schoolhouse in Manor township, where he had been preaching. Mr. Witner had gone but a short distance when he saw coming to wards him what he supposed to be a man carry ing a lantern. On the nearer approach of the object he was, to use his own expression, 'almost paralyzed with horror' to find that it was a moving body without a head. His terror was still further increased on seeing the head carried in one of the hands. 'Thefear- fulobject,' hesays, 'took its place by my side, and accompanied me to my very door. How I managed to retain consciousness and reach home I don't know. It was the most fearful experi ence I ever had, and I hope I may never have the like again.' The reverend gentleman's statement is fully corroborated by two ladies and a Mr. Kaufman, who from a distance of about a hundred yards saw the ghost meet Mr. Witner and walk away with him, but were too appalled by the spectacle to interfere. The ghost has since been seen several times, and the nerves of the inhabitants of the district are described as being in 'a frightful state of tension.' It is somewhat refreshing in these days of vulgar 'spiritual manifestations' to hear of a good old-fashioned ghost without a head, of whose blood-curdling qualifications there is no mistake. These headless ghosts -were once common enough in England (says St. James's Gazette), but have of late years become almost extinct. Perhaps they have all gone to America. The nineteenth annual meeting of the Equitable Fire Insurance Company was held at the company's office, Hindley-street, on Thursday morning. There was a fair atten dance, and the chairman of directors (Mr. F. J. Botting) presided. The report and balance sheet, the former of which has been published, were taken as read. Mr. F. W. Bullock, in moving the adoption of the report and balance sheet, said in common with many of. the other shareholders he -was disappointed with the statement of the affairs of. the company which had been placed before them. ISo dividend had been recommended in consequence of the heavy losses sustained by the recent numerous fires, and not only this, but the company had sustained a net loss of £1,865 15s. Sd. on the year's transactions. He did not wish to reflect on (the directors or the secretary (Mr. A. Abrahams) for thejmanner in which they had carried out their duties, but he felt compelled to mention the fact that the working expenses had been at the rate of 22 per cent, on the business done during the past twelve months. He thought the directors should take this matter into consideration, as the expenses of management were certainly high. Mr. J. Porter seconded. The chairman pointed out that the working expenses were slightly less for the past than for previous years. Mr. Bennet thought Mr. Bullock had taken rather a lenient view cf the matter, as the expenses of management were at the rate of 45 per cent, on amount of the actual business done by the company, as a considerable amount of the funds of the company was in vested. The motion was carried. The retir ing directors (Hon. L. Glyde and Mr. D. Bower, M.P.,) were re-elected, and Messrs. A. H. 'Beyer and D. Kekwick were reappointed auditors. The directors' fees were fixed at SX Is. each per meeting, and the auditors' fees at 12i guineas each. Early on Monday morning the Mitcham tramway sheds at Mitcham were broken into, and an attempt made to force the iron safe kept on the premises. It appears that a woman living in the neighborhood had her attention attracted about 5 o'clock in the. morning by a peculiar noise which ap peared to emanate from the sheds. Becoming satisfied on a closer inspection of the building that some one was tampering with the safe, she immediately rushed off and gave the alarm. In themeanwhile, however, the intruder hurriedly leftthesceneof his nefariouswork, sothatonthe return of several persons to the spot they only found the evidences of his guilt. After forcing his way into the shed, it appeared that the burglar had deliberately set to work to foice open the safe. To facilitate his labors, he had managed to remove the safe, which is an exceedingly heavy one, to a distance of four feet, after which he ap pears to have proceeded, with the assistance of a number of tools taken from a blacksmith's shop in the vicinity, to prise open the door. When found the door was almost removed, and there is little doubt that had the man not been disturbed at the time he was the safe would in a short time have been robbed of its contents, which, however, only amounted to about £6. On a search being made of the premises it was found that a few coppers bad been removed from the till, but otherwise the burglar had gone away emp_ty handed. Directly information of the affair was forwarded to the Adelaide police Detectives Upton and Dunlevi proceeded to the Elephant and Castle and arrested a man named Loughlin, alias McLoughlin, who when searched was found to have in his possession a number of housebreaking instruments. Loughlin, who is a very old offender, is the person who was detected in the act of break ing into the Kent Town Brewery about five years ago. The hearing of the case of burglary in the office of the Mitcham Tramway Company was commenced at the Ade laide Police Court on Tuesday morning. The defendant, John McLoughlin, is appa rently very well known to the police, and his ' criminal record shows that this is by no means his first attempt in the trade. He was an old Victorian criminal, his first con viction in Melbourne being in 1860, when he was sentenced to eighteen months' imprison ment for receiving stolen goods. In the fol lowing year he was sentenced to three years' and five years' imprisonment for burglary; and in 1870 he was again convicted of receiv ing stolen goods, and was ordered. to be im prisoned for five years. He then seems to have transferred his professional opera tions to this colony, for in 1880 he was sentenced, to seven years' imprisonment for a burglary in Mr. E. T. Smith's brewery, at Kent Town. His full record thus amounts to 211 years. The evidence givenonthishearing showed that a neighbor living near the Tram way Company's stables, who was aroused very early on Monday by hearing the noise of .hammering, observed some one near the stables, apparently forcing the door with a chisel. He summoned the manager, Mir. Chalmers, and as he returned with him was accosted by a man dressed simi larly to the defendant, who asked if they had seen a waggon pass. Upon entering the office a safe was missed, which was afterwards found not far away, in the direction from whence the man had come. McLoughlin was arrested by Detectives Dunlevi and Upton at the Elephant and Castle Hotel, and' in the pocket of his overcoat, which was lying close to him they found eight keys, four of which were skeletons — one of the latter having a ward broken from it. In the lid of the safe chisels were found, and close to the office were discovered several crowbars, a hammer, and other professional tools, including that tech nically termed a ' jimmy.' The shape of the latter corresponded exactly to the marks on the door. The lock of the door was removed and examined, and in it was found the ward missing from one of the skeleton keys'. After hearing this much of the evidence the bench remanded the hearing for a week. A deputation, consisting of. the HotlJ. Pearce, M.L.C., Messrs. D. Moody, M.P., J. F. Mellor (Mayor of Kapunda), D. Tra venna (chairman of the Light District Council), Councillors Prior, Wright, ' and Christopher, the town clerk of Kapunda (Mr. D. Oldham), and several others, waited on the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. J. Coles) on Friday week to ask him to assist the Corporation of Kapunda to erect a bridge over Allen's Creek, near Kapunda. It was pointed out that the need of a substantial bridge over this . creek near the northern boundary of the town : of Kapunda had long been felt, the present crossings being too insecure to permit of heavy loads passing over them. A bridge was «rected some years ago at a point styled King's crossing, and there was a ford a little higher wp called Huggins's crossing. The bridge was old, and ever since its erection had been a constant expense to the council. . Each flood that came down carried away portions of- the structure, and rendered, it insecure. At present it had no parapet, and was riddled by ants, fit would, however, do for foot traffic, and it was suggested that the Government should assist the council to erect a new viaduct at Huggins'a crossing, and allow the old bridge at King's crossing to be used as a footbridge. .- The Commissioner, in reply, said as an old resident in' the district of Light, and as one of its members, he thoroughly recognised the importance of erecting a bridge over the creek. He, however, thought . we residents should definitely settle whether the structure should be built at Huggins's or King's crossing. It could not be expected if the -Government granted a subsidy towards a bridge at Huggins's crossing that they should be asked to _ contribute towards a viaduct at King's crossing a few months hence. He suggested that a public meeting be held to consider at which point the permanent crossing should be placed. ? If this were done, and one or other of the sites mentioned recommended, he would urge his colleagues to place a sum on the Estimates in aid of its erection. No funds were available at the present time, and it would be necessary to ask Parliament to vote a snm for the purpose suggested. In answer to a question, ne said he thought it would be ad visable to do as he suggested, and not to ask the Parliament to vote the money before tile site was fixed. ? ' .??'??? At the meeting of the Gawier .Corporation, held on Monday, » letter was received from IJjifi Commissioner of Crown Lands, stating that it was intended to reckon the excess of water used beyond that rated for on the year's consumption and not on the half-year as here tofore. A discussion ensued as to extra water consumption, councillors arguing that the re duction in the cost of extra water should have been granted. Councillor Hutchinson mored 'that an effort be made to get a reduction in the price for the purpose of encouraging manufac tures, seeing that Gawier is a manufacturing dis trict. ' If the watercould be raised for 9d. per 1,000 gallons the department could well afford to let them have it for Is. 6d. The mayor thought as Gawier was declared a manufacturing district they should have the water at a reduced cost. It would not be well to find too much fault, as the Government said it was no use doing any thing for Gawier, because they were always finding fault with what was done — the tele graph posts, for instance. Mr. Loveridge said the posts were put in badly and the trees injured. Councillor Deland moved thatthe Commissioner of Crown Lands be requested to reduce the price of water from 3s. per 1,000 gallons to 2s. The new Commissioner would do it; at all events it was worth trying for, while it would encourage manufactures, all should share alike, and people, with gardens have the use of water at a lower rate thau they had now. Councillor Cox seconded. He be lieved in constant agitation. It had been successful in many particulars, and he hoped would be in the present case. The latter motion was carried. The council then sat as a Fire Brigade Board, and considered cor respondence respecting the refusal of the railway department to pay £5 ex penses of the brigade at the late fire at the railway-station. It was said that as the Government paid half the cost of the brigade they expected its services. It was also said that by the regulations the local brigade had no business outside the bounds of the corporation unless permitted by the board and with a guarantee for the expenses. The members thought this a very bad regulation, as by it they were precluded from going to Willaston or the Mill Inn, both not a stone's throw from the boundary. Eventually it was decided that the foreman must obtain a guarantee before proceeding to a fire outside the municipal boundaries. At a meeting of the Wallaroo Corporation on Wednesday, February 18, at which were present the mayor (Mr. Phillips) and Coun cillors Bird, Cropley, Chatfield, May, Malcolm, and Shepherd, the result of the council's inter view with the members of the Marine Board on their recent visit to the port was reported by the mayor. The board appeared to be favorable to the council's wants as regards the boat-harbor scheme and ballast ground, and thought the requests reasonable. Mr. Cloud had written to state that the Smelting Works Com pany would probably carry out the slag for the boat-harbor, butasked for apian beforedeciding the question. In answer to a communication from the Crown Lands Office intimating that a lamp at the crossing near the junction was not thought necessary, the council informed the Government that a large and increasing traffic passed the junction, and if an accident happened there they (the Government) would be neld liable. The same department wrote that the question of fencing the sea-well could not be entertained if the tracings sent were not signed and witnessed. The mayor stated that in return for about'f our acres of land the Govern ment wished them to accept an unformed and dangerous road between 30 and 40 feet wide. He would not sign the tracing unless authority was given him by the council, which was ulti mately done on the condition that the Govern ment promise to fence in the new road. The Government also intimated they could not comply with the request to place a handrail on the curve of the new jetty. The council under stood the Marine Board approved of the pro posed work, and asked the Commissioner of Crown Lands to obtain a report from them. Mr. Hargrave's tender for asphalting the foot paths on Owen-terrace at 4s. per sup. yard was accepted. Tenders were^ also accepted from R. Appleton for lighting six lamps at £30 per annum, and from F. Potter for supplying two additional lamps at £7 18s. It was resolved to draw the Com missioner of Public Works' attention to the destruction caused to wheat stacks by cows trespassing in the station-yard, and to ask for a fence around the yard. It was also resolved that the authorities be urged to connect Wallaroo and Port Broughton by telegraph via Mundoora, and that the corporation co operate with the residents of Alford in memo rialising the Government to construct the Betaloo water connections as early as possible. A meeting will shortly be held at Alford on the matter. It was decided to apply for mineral section No. 178 as soon as it is for feited by the Great Britain Mining Company. The question as to the advisableness of allowing Sunday trading to be carried on in Port Adelaide has again been brought before the local corporation, and the clergymen of the district seem to be determined not to let the subject drop until they have put a stop to the practice. About six months ago the Port Adelaide district of the Ministerial Association presented a memorial to the corporation pray ing for the enforcement of the by-law pro hibiting the opening of shops in the munici pality for trade purposes on Sunday, and after consideration had been deferred for two or three meetings the_ mayor reported that he had made some enquiries as to the action taken by the City Council, and found that that body had declined to take any steps in the matter with regard to their municipality. He also stated that when informations were laid against offenders in Adelaide they were laid by private persons. The question was put to the vote, and upon the casting-vote of the mayor it was resolved not to enforce their by-law, which runs thus : — ' It shall not be lawful for any person to open any house, shop, or any other place in the town of Port Adelaide, or permit or suffer the same to be opened on Sun day |(the Lord's Day) for the purpose of trade or dealing-, works of necessity and charity only excepted; and any person who shall trade or deal, or keep open on the said day any shop, store, or other place for the purpose of trade or dealing (except as aforesaid) shall on conviction forfeit and pay for every such offence a sum not exceeding £2.' The chief grounds set forth in the memorial for the suppression of Sunday trading was that the practice 'was pernicious in its results, and detrimental to the best interests of the colony.' Yet in the face of the above-quoted by-law the corporation re fused to take any action. However expedient or otherwise it may be to allow business to be carried on on the Sabbath, it is not at all philosophical for a corporation to frame a by law, and then to refuse to enforce it, which idea was generally endorsed by Portonians at the time. At the meeting of the Port Corpora tion on Thursday evening a very largely-signed requisition from residents in the Port, praying the council to enforce the by-law alluded to, was received, and a deputation of half-a-dozen gentlemen, three of whom were ministers, waited upon the council and urged upon them the necessity for the suppression of Sunday trading. The mayor promised to attend to the matter, which is set down for consideration at the next council meeting, and perhaps the corporation will concede the advisableness of either enforcing the by-law or else of strik ing it out of their code. An inquest on the fire which destroyed a cottage at Goodwood West, the property of Anton Schreiber, a carpenter, on Wednesday morning, February 18, was held by the city coroner at the Goodwood Hotel on Saturday. Mr. Amsberg was present on behalf of the Hamburg-Magdeburg Insurance Company. Schreiber and his wife, who are Germans, were examined through an interpreter, and the former stated that he went to bed about 10 o'clock on the night of the 17th, and was awakened by bis wife about 1.30 a.m. on Wednesday. He noticed flames coming through a matchboard partition dividing the workshop from his bedroom, near the head of the bed. The work-bench in the shop was close to the bed, and on the shelf above the bench some varnish and salad oil were kept. There were shavings under the bench and chips about the shop._ The bedclothes were on fire when he first noticed the names. The children were allowed access to the workshop, and entrance could also be had by anybody through a window, which had no glass in it, and was only protected by a few deals piled against it. Twenty-two pounds in notes had also been destroyed. The house was insured for £100, and the furniture and clothing for a like sum, in the Hamburg-Magdeburg Insurance Com pany. The cottage was mortgaged to Mr. M. Schroeder for £50. The sum of £22 was paid to him [a short time ago by his brother-in-law as part of a loan of £35 witness had made to him. He had not been using any glue on the Tuesday. He had offered his property for sale last year, but did not wish to dispose of it now. Caroline Schreiber stated that when she woke up she noticed the flames in the workshop through the chinks m the parti tion. There was no sign of fire when the family went to bed. Witness knew her hus band had £22 in the house, and corroborated bis testimony in most particulars. A neighbor named Mrs. Henning stated that she had noticed two men lurking about the night previous to the fire, but no evidence was given to connect them in any way with the fire. P.O. Connor said that on turning over the debris he found amongst other things the remains of gold and silver jewellery, money to the extent of six or seven shillings, a Savings Bank pass book with £5 10s. to Schreiber's credit, a mort gage deed for £50, and a paper certifying that £35 had been lent to the wife's brother. Schreiber told him he had lost £22 in notes, which bad been part payment of a loan. Other witnesses were examined, and a verdict to the effect that the fire was accidentally caused was returned. The Rev. W. T. Carter, of Port Pirie, visited Gladstone on Sunday, February 22, and preached three sermons in the Wesleyan Church, the occasion being the harvest thanks giving. There was a large attendance at each of the services, and the church was tastefully dressed with. evergreens. On Monday evening, at the public meeting, Mr. Carter, without anynotifieation, departed from the typeofspeech usual on such occasions, and launched into the Soudan question. He said Adelaide people were under the impression that Adelaide was South Australia. They had latterly taken up the war spirit, and had spoken with authority for the whole of South Australia. Even the very parsons had caught the fever and had adopted it as a means of exciting the people. The wonder was that they did not establish a volunteer brigade and make tracks for the Soudan. (Laughter.) He would not be so unpatriotic as to deprecate the notion so widely ' diffused among the people. Eng land, he maintained, was not in need of help, but if she was she would not speak against the action of some of our people. The war in Egypt was first taken up in the interests of the European money-lenders, the Khedive having borrowed moneya and having utilised it for a purpose for which it was never intended, and instead of developing the resources of the country he had built costly palaces and made presents to bis wives. For this he ground down the unfortunate people to pay the interest upon the money. It was this very thing which induced the natives to follow Arabi Bey. The British Government would never have interfered with Egypt had it not been for the money-lending interest which he referred to. Then the expedition against the Khedive was undertaken because it was feared that rebellion would overrun Lower Egypt. It was not for the sake of establishing a civilised Government, for it was pretty certain that England would leave the Soudan as soon as the rebellion was suppressed. England would not stay there, because if she did she would have to annex Egypt, and in that case Russia and France would parti tion Turkey between them. There would be general annexation and universal war. The Rev. T. B. Aiigwin, M. A., dissented from Mr. Carter's views on the Egyptian question. He felt that now England had gone into the question she would have to maintain her rights. He defended the war spirit be cause General Gordon had fallen, and Aus tralia was bent upon showing her patriotism by offering the little assistance she could. It would have the effect of showing both Germany and France that Australia could give an account of themselves if they were wanted. (Hear, hear.) He had but recently been asked if he would go to the Soudan, and he felt that as a married man he would not care about undertaking a work there, but married or not married if for his country's rights he would go there to fight. (Hear, hear.) He spoke at length upon the annexa tion question, upon our future prospects, home life, moral laws, and religion, and also advo cated the Hon. G. W. Cotton's scheme for homes for working men. The pastor of the church (Rev. T. M. Rowe), who presided, said the speeches of Messrs. Carter and Angwin would no doubt cause surprise, as addresses of such a character were not usually given on occasions like the present. Mr. W. Edward Fisher, hitherto an old and respected resident of Uraidla, was brought before Mr. W. Lewis and Dr. McLachlan a few days ago, charged with an attempt on his own life by swallowing a dose of laudanum at Uraidla, on Wednesday, February 18. Fisher, who is a gardener, was chairman of the Crafers District Council, secretary to the Uraidla Agricultural Society, treasurer to the Evening Star Tent, I.O.R., Salford Unity, secretary to the Uraidla and Summertown Institute, and treasurer to the Loyal Bridgewater Oddfellows Lodge, No. 62, M.U., and thus was a very in fluential man in the district. The pri- soner stated that he went to Adelaide on the Wednesday in question, and not feeling in the best of health procured some laudanum and swallowed a few drops as a stimulant be fore he proceeded to the E. S. and A. C. Bank on business connected with the institute. He clearly recollected buying some paper and envelopes to write to Mr. Samuel Wilson, chairman of the trustees of the Evening Star Tent, I.O.R., but had no remembrance of finishing the letter. He found himself in the Burnside coach when between Kensington and Burnside, but could not remember getting into the vehicle. A Mr. Stevens was also in the bus, and offered him a drink at the Burnside Hotel on the ground of his looking unwell. He refused the drink, but remembered having some ginger wine with Mr. Stevens at Brewer's wineshop on the Ade laide-road. He then put some more of the drug in his drink, thinking it would set him all right. He afterwards spoke to Mr. Wilson near the school grounds at Uraidla, and then everything was a blank until he found himself lying in the playshed. He never had any intention of destroying his life. Fisher was committed for trial, bail of £100 being granted. It was afterwards ascertained that there was a deficiency in the funds of the two lodges in Mr. Fisher's hands, and in consequence of a communication made by him to the chairmen of trustees in both cases, actions were at once laid against him forembezzlement. These cases were also heard before Dr. McLachlan and Mr. W. Lewis on Tuesday, February 24, the first being on account of the Rechabite Lodge for mis appropriating the sum of £200' between January, 1880, and the same month of the present year. The necessary evidence had not been gathered, and a remand was granted for a fortnight, when the evidence of Mr. Samuel P. Wilson had been taken to the following effect: — The witness said he had received letters from Fisher, and also had a conversa tion with him on Wednesday, February 18, and from remarks made on that occasion he concluded that there was a deficiency in the lodge funds, and consequently had taken proceedings against Fisher. On this charge bail was allowed for £200 in a personal surety of £100 and two others of £50 each. The second charge on behalf of the Loyal Bridgewater Lodge No. 52, M.U. Independent Order of Oddfellows, for embezzling £200 from the funds was then proceeded with. Mr. Morris Johnson, chairman of trustees of the lodge, stated he had received a letter from the prisoner as in the previous case, and in conse quence he had Fisher, who was treasurer to the lodge arrested. A remand was granted, and bail allowed for £200, but the prisoner could not obtain sureties. The court was crowded during the hearing, and regret for Mr. Fisher and his family in the position he had placed them was expressed. Mr. Carl Engelbrecht, of Mount Gambier, left South Australia by the Liguria on Monday en route for Germany, where he intends pur- chasing the necessary machinery and making arrangements for establishing a distillery in Mount Gambier. He is accompanied by his eldest son, and expects to be away six months. During his trip he will visit Great Britain and Ireland, as well as Germany and other parts of the European continent, and will return via America. According to the Border Watch about fifteen gentlemen met Mr. Engelbrecht at the Commercial Hotel to wish him good-bye and a successful visit to the Fatherland. Mr. A. F. Laurie presided. Mr. A. Loutit proposed — ' Our guestand townsman, Mr. Engelbrecht.' That gentleman's career had been before the people of Mount Gambier for many years. He was an energetic, pushing, self - made man. He was now going home, partly for recreation, partly for business, and on his return intended starting what he considered a promising in dustry, and he (the speaker) hoped he would succeed in his object. The toast was warmly received. Mr. Engelbrecht, in acknowledging the kindness shown to him, said the gathering had quite taken him by sur prise, considering that he was only going away for a few months. He could not have expected more if he was leaving the place for ever; but as he was going away for a short time only, and that on business combined with pleasure, he could not have expected it. It was, however, very gratifying to him to see so many attend to wish him a good voyage and success in his new undertaking. They knew what it was to be. It combined twe ends— the promotion of his own individual prosperity and that of the district also. It was not an easy undertaking at the best of times ; distillation was at all times a risky venture. He was sorry to see the apathy with which the farmers, who would be principally benefited, regarded it. He was starting the business on a modest scale, but he believed it would grow. He would be, as it were, the sower of the small seed, which would yet grow into the large tree. It would require much care and attention when young, but would ultimately become large enough to take care of itself ; and then the fanners who had received bene fit from it would doubtless forget the planter. He was sorry our farmers were rather sel fish, and not sufficiently alive to the sacri fices townsmen made for their benefit. If our fanners really realised that this simple beginning might lead to their future fortune they would rally up and contribute their por tion _ to support it. No; they as townsmen studied the farmers' comfort and welfare, and yet the farmers did nothing. He would go home, of course, to benefit himself m the first place, and the district afterwards. If he failed in his scheme he would simply have to put his shoulders to the wheel to make up the loss, but he hoped to be able to establish a distillery that would eventually prove the mainstay of the town. He already possessed a good mill, with boiler, engine, yard accommo dation, &c.; ;_ in fact, half the requisites for starting the industry. All he wanted besides was some inside gear. If he did not have the other machinery already to hand he would not attempt the undertaking. When at home he should not confine his attention entirely to the distillery, but would keep {his eyes open, and if he saw anything that would be of use to Mount Gambier he would endeavor that the town should profit by it. He would be back in six months, and when he returned he hoped the townspeople would rally up again and drink welcome to him. (Applause.) He looked very hopefully on the future of Mount Gambier. It was yet in the infancy of its prosperity, and when the railway uniting it to Adelaide was made it would spring up like a mushroom. High as property now was in value, it would greatly increase when they would have other and more speculative people in it. If when away he could do anything to forward the interests of Mount Gambier he ehould leave no stone unturned to do it. Some further remarks were made, and the gathering then broke up. 