REVIEWS. Through Masai land ; a Journey of Exploration among the Snow-Clad Volcanic Mountains and Strange Tribes of Eastern Equatorial Africa. By JOSEPH THOMPSON, F.R.G.S. London: Sampson Low and Co. 1885. Masai Land may not be found in many of the maps in ordinary use, and to the majority of the readers of newspapers it is probably an unknown land. But the territory which bears this name is of great beauty and fertility, and will, no doubt, be soon annexed by some of the land grabbers who are looking to Central Africa. The Masai country lies to the north-east of Zanzibar. Attempts to explore it had been made by heroic travellers from Vasco di Gama downwards, but without success. The terrible Masai had proved too much for the intre- pidity of all the explorers who came before Mr. Thompson. This young explorer had successfully con- ducted an expedition to the Central African Lakes, and was ohosen by the Royal Geographical Society to face the ferocious Masai. A sum of £4000 was voted for the purposes of his mission, and the task assigned to him was that of ascertaining whether from any of the East African ports a practicable direct route for Euro- pean travellers existed through the Masai country to Lake Victoria Nyanza ; to examine Mount Kenia ; to gather data for a map; and to make all practicable scientific observations. The starting point was Mom- basa, a port a little to the north of Zanzibar, and the goal a point on the north-eastern shores of Victoria Nyanza. The journey was begun on the 6th of March, 1883, and was ended early in May in 1884. Its story is one of the most interesting and exciting that we have fallen across for some time past. At the outset the author tells us that he has been more accustomed to carry a gun than to wield a pen, but this none of his readers will regret. Had he been more accustomed to wield his pen than his gun, he would have had less to give us, and though his narrative might have been told in a more artistic, it might have been told in a less effective, way. The expedition consisted of little more than a hundred men, who were selected, the author says, from the scoundreldom of Zanzibar. The missionary who had last attempted the exploration of the Masai country was plundered by one of Mr. Thomp- son's head men, and left to die on the road, and, in consequence of the treachery of the other, Mr. Thompson himself, after reaching the threshold of the territory to be explored, had to beat a retreat and march back to Zanzibar for reinforcements. With a ragged regiment of traitors and cowards, the young explorer had to face as bloodthirsty a set of savages as ever existed. The chief occupation of their lives is to thieve and murder. For every fighting man that the representative of the Geographical Society could furnish, the savagss —whose acquaintance he had to make —could furnish hundreds. The explorer's first reception by the Masai is described in the following passage :— " Tents having been pitched, and goods stacked, properly covered from peering eyes, and surrounded with a strong guard, the more serious business of the day commenced. Wire, beads, and cloth were taken into the tent, so that we might prepare to dole out the black mail—the ' change ' of this district, the 'hot go ' of the region further south. We had not long to wait. A war-chant was heard in the dis- tance, and soon a party of El-Moran, in all the unctuous glory of a new plastering of red clay and grease, appeared, marching in single file, and keeping step to their song, their murderous spears gleaming in the sun as they gave them now and then a rotatory movement. They carried their heavy shields by their side, on which was seen the newly painted heraldic device of their particular clan. As they neared our camp they halted, and preceeded to go through a variety of evolutions distinctly military. This finished, Muhiuna advanced, and held a consultation with them in the decorous manner already described. " This conversation settled the amount we were required to pay. For each party (and there were six of them) we had to make up six senengè (a senengè is a coil of 20 rings of iron wire about 15 inches in diameter, which forms one leg ornament when coiled round from ankle to knee), five cloths (naiberès), 30 iron chains, and 100 strings of beads. The scene that ensued on the division of the spoil was more after my preconceived notion of their ways, but was not encouraging. The El-Moran, having laid aside their spears and shields, stand ready in a hollow group. My men, advancing with the bongo, suddenly throw it into the midst, and run for their lives out of the way. With a grand yell the warriors precipitate theimelves upon the articles, on the principle of everyone for himself and the devil take the hindmost. A few of the boldest get the lion's share. In other cases two have seized the same article. lt may be a bunch of beads, and the matter is settled by the strings being torn in twain, each one carrying off a handful, leaving a large number strewed on the ground. lf, however, the disputants have seized a senengè, then the matter be- comes more serious. They rave and tear like a couple of dogs over a bone, and if somewhat equally matched the blood gets heated and simes are drawn, or knobkerries wielded. Two men thus received some very ugly flesh wounds, which, however, did not draw forth any comment from the onlookers. A pack of half- starved wolves sud- denly let loose on small animals could not have made a more ferocious and repulsive exhibition. "Towards evening the camp was crowded, and in-ro sponso to repeated cries fur the.white lybon, backed up by insolent attempts to lear open the door of my tent, 1 had To step out and bow my nckuowltdunn nts, though inwardly muttering maledictions upon them, UH 1 was still .weak, ill, and irritable from the reported uttucka of fever, tho effects of which still hung about mo. Submitting to the inevit- able, I sat down on a box, (bo cynosure of every eye. They had now lost their calm and dignified bearing, and had be- come rude and obtrusive; thu Ditto (young unmarried women) being tbe most insolent, aud not showing tho slightest trace of fear. . '* For pome time I submitted with patience to their annoy- ing attentions, let them touch mo on tba face, feel my hair, push up tho sleeve of my coat, nnd examino with intense curiosity my bootB. At last, however, growing bilious and irritable, especially at the repeated attempts of one ferocious looking warrior to turn -up my trousers to seo tho natural integument below, 1 gave him a push with my (ont. With fury blazing in his face, und presenting the most diabolical aspect, he sprang back a few steps and drew his sime, and WAS about to launch himself upon nie. I slipped asido, however, and was speedily surrounded by the guard, wtilo Fome of tho El-Moran laid hold of him, and, tis ho would not be pacilied, led him away. " Mattera were further enlivened by a Masai picking up an axe in ibo centre of tho ramp, und clearing off with it. This caused a dnnperous rusn, which, being misnnderslood, nmdo my men eeizo their guns. A very slight accident would have caused bloodshed and a general fight at this moment, but I contrived to yell out to thom in timo not (o dre, and so ended tho events uf the day, the summing up of which did not increase my cheerfulness, though I was of too sanguino a temperamout to despair." The temper of tho Masai rendering progress impos- sible, the traveller returned to Taveta and to Zanzibar. A Jess determined explorer might have come to the con- clusion that to make headway in such a country as this waa an impossibility, but Mr. Thompson deoided that, aa he WBB employed by the Royal Geographical Society to go to Victoria Nyanza, ho would have to go. After he had made his seoond start he was fortunate enough to fall in with a trading caravan, and partly by tho aid of the traders, but chiefly by that of his own courage and tact, ho managed to overcome MB difficulties. When danger grow imminent, he avoided the Masai by making long detours, or by travelling at night ; and when neithor of theee courses was possible he fell baok upon his witB. Like most other people, the Masai-have thoir weak points, and one of their weak. points was their superstition. On discovering this Mr. Thompson thought that he might do something by assuming the roîcof a medicine man. By the aid of a theodolite, a camera, and a .couple of false teeth he proved to the savages that he could work great miracles, and they came to believe it There was a cattle plague in the country, and he told them that he could cure it ; they wanted rain, and he could bring it. If there were diseases, he could drive them away : "1 told thom that I was tho white lybon of tho Lajomba (Wa-swahili)-that I waa visiting the country to find out for the traders by occult means where ivory waa to bo got. Mbaratien (their chief lybon) was a fraud in comparison to me. Could anyone but a great msdiciuo-man have a skin like mine, or hair like mino ? 'Now, you there!'I Eaid, 'come tomo andi will take off j our nose end put it on again. Como; you need not bo afraid. Ah! very well. Just look hore for a moment, and I will show you a thing or two. You see nry teeth ? Observo how firm they aro ' (hero I tapped them with my knuckles). * You seo there is no fraud there. Just wait then till I turn my head. Now look - they aro gono!' Here everyone shrunk back in intense amazement, and the whole party wore on the point of flight. .Reassuring them, I once more turned my head, pitt matters to rights in a twinkling, and, bowing and Bmiling to' my wondering spectators, 1 once moro .rapped^ the teeth. Hero let mo inform the gentle reader (in ?the striotest confidence, of course) that I have a couple of artificial teeth, which àt this juncture were perfect treasures. These I manipulated to the astonishment of the Masai, and aa they thought I could do the same thing with my nosu or , eyes, they hailed me at once as a veritable ' lvbon n'ebor' (white medictne-man)." » These miraonlons powers stood the explorer in good stead. On one occasionihe was cangai in the very act of killing a bullock, s [thing whioh was strictly pro- hibited; but he managed to save himself by assuring the Mseal that without á part of the animal it would bo impossible for him tojmake np some of his medicines. Finding himself eo useful to the Masai, the trouble WM *Q Ket away from tieri. The savages concluded that if he oould work miraoles he bad better Btay in theil country, brit Mr, .Thompson pointod out that hii miraoles could not take effect until he had been away al least IO days. Thus, the Masai got the impression that any injury to their visitor would be an injury tc themselves, and that, valuable as his presence might be, his absence was still more valuable. The author's danger was, after all, greater from savage beasts than from savage men and women, and from the former it was greater than there was any occasion for it io bo. Masai land aoounds with wild beasts of almost every kind. Elephants, lions, leo- pards, giraffes, rhinoceroses, antelopes, hyenas, and buffaloes are to be met with in hundreds, and some- times in thousands. Tho result of a single shooting ex- cursion of the author alono ia given as sis zebras, four rhinoceroses, four buffaloes, three elephants, one giraffe, and on« antelope. It was no uncommon thing for Mr. Thompson to find himself within a yard or two of the wildest of wild beasts. On something like a dozen occasions he was completely at their meroy. If on bia hunting excursions he showed much courage, ha also showed much foolhardiness. The only excuse that could be offered for some of his adventures is that they were made when he and hie followers were on the point of starvation. Here for example is the author's description of an encounter with a buffalo. It was the last day of the year, and he resolved to shoot something for the purpose of replen- ishing his larder for the due celebration of tbs day, snd after eomo time was rewarded by the sight of a couple of buffaloes quietly feeding ahead. He fired one shot and then another, and this is what followed: " Concluding, very foolishly, that tho buffnlo was com- pletely hors ile combat, and that the came was mino, I, with tho jaunty air of a conqueror, tucked my riCo under my arm, and proceeded to secure my prize. Brahim, with more sense, warned me that it was not finished yet ; and indeed, if 1 had not been s fool-which the most soñsiblo people will bo sometimes-1 might hávo concluded that with so much of the evil one in its nature tho brute * ad still sufficient life to play me a mischief, for it still held its head erect and defiant, though we.wero unseen. Heedless of Brahirn's admonition, 1 obstinately went forward, intending to give it its Quietus at close quarters. I bad got within BÍX yards, and yot I remained unnoticed, the head of the buffnlo being turned sightly from me, and X not making much noise. I was not destined to go much further. A step or two more and there was n rustling* among gomo dead leav?s. Simul- taneously the buffalo's head turned in my direction. A ferocious, blood-curdling grunt instantly apprised mo of tho brute's rosolution to bo lovonged. Tho next moment it waa on its foot. Unprepared to fire, »nd completely taken byfut'prise, I had no time for thought. Instinctively I turned my back upon my infunstcd enemy. As fur as my recollections servo mo, 1 hud no feeling of fear while I was running away. I am almost confident that I was not putting my best foot foremost, and that I felt aa if the whole nffuir was rather a well-played gamo. It was a gamo, however, that did not lust long.. 1 was aware of Brahim tearing away in front of rae. Tboro was a loud crushing bebind me. Thou something touched mo on tba thigh, and I was promptly propelled skyward. "My next recollection waa finding myself lying dazed and bruised, with eomo hazy notion that 1 hod bettor toke care ! With this indefinite sentó of something unusual I BIOWIV and painfully raised my head, and lo ! there was tho brutal avenger stundinp; three yards off, watching his victim, but apparently disdaining lo hoi.»t an inert foo. I found I was lying with my head towards tho buffalo. Strongly enough even then, though I was in what may bo called the jaws of death, I had not tho slightest sensation of dread; only tho electric thought Hashed through my brain, 1 If ho conies for mo ugniu 1 um a dead man.' It almost seemed as if mv thought aroused tho buffalo to action. Seeing signs of life in my hitherto inanimate body, he blow a terrible blast through his nostrils, und prepared to finish mo off. Stunned ar,d bruised aa 1 waa, I could' make no fight for lifo. I simply dropped my head down among tho gr«.ss in the vague hope that it might escape h«ng pounded into jelly. Just Bt that moment à rifle-shot rang through tho foreflt, which caused me to raise my head once more. With piad surprise I found the buffalo's fail presented io my delighted contemplation. Instinctively teizing the un- expected moment of grnco, I with a terrible effort pulled myself together and staggered away a few stepn. As I did so', I happened to put my hand doivn to my fhiph, and there I lolt something warm and wet ; exploring further, my fingers found their way into a big hole in my thigh." At least a score of incidents as exciting as this aro reaorded in tho book. That tho author lived to tell the story of his adventures was certainly not due to hin precautions. Among the most interesting ports of tho book are those which describe the rrauners and customs of tho Masai. The author was struck with tbe fineness of tho features of these savages, as well as with their muscular proportions and their aristocratic boariDg. They bavo no resemblance to negroes, and must have had a different descent. The Maeai giri» are described aa distinctly ladylike in manner and physique; their chief ornaments, however, ara hugo coils of iron wire. The primal ancestor of the Masai-one Kidenoi-was hairy, and had a tail. His children, however, " strangely enough, were not hairy, and had no tails, nnd these were the progenitors of tho Masai. Aa Moran bad not heard anything of the theories which woro convulsing scientific Europe and America, he romained ignorant of the fact that he had struck upon an interesting leitend which the savants of civilissd Eooiety would have given their beards to have verified." Tho tribe is divided into twelvo principal clans, with numerous smaller divisions. The doctrine that ali men are equal finds no favour among the Maeai ; some clans are held to have moro blue blood, and are reokoned of purer breed than others. The life of a member of tho Masai family is divided into three parts. Tho first is the part which is spent at home with his parents, and which extends to tho period of hobbledehoy hood. After this he leaves his bom» for a Communisfio settlement, which is composed of young men and women of his own ago. Hero he devotes himself to free love i.nd to cattle lifting. The young men who grace these settlements are the Masai warriors, and the Masai warriors are the terror of countries far and near. For the purpose of strengthening his muscles and getting his spirits up the young Maeai warrior gorges himself with beef, and . drinks the warm blood of unimale. After a time tho young warrior retires from the army, marries, and lives a quiet life. In Masai land wives aro given in exchange for bullocks. Conjugal fidelity ie not only not known among tho Maeai, it dooB not seem to be expected or desired. Tho morality of tho tribcB whose acquaintance Mr. Thompson made was not sevore, but tho noarost approach to severity was among tho people who wore no clothes, Tho nearer tho natives got to civilisation the farther they went from decency. In thoir COBB the beauty that waa unadorned was adorned the mokt. The Masai do not bury their dead, believing that when buried the dead poison the living. But if thoy do not bury dead bodies, they do »ot hum thom, they simply throw them outside and leave tho wild beasts to take them away. When a father dies his son takes his body away and throws it to tho hyenas, which are never far away, and in a fow hours all that ¡B loft of the dead body is its bones. Some of the habits of the barbarians of Masai land aro those of the barbarians of civilised oountriee. For one thing tho Maeai aro inordinately addicted to spitting, but Mr. Thompson explains to us that spitting " Has a very different signification with the Masai from that which prevails with us or with most other tribes. With thom it expresses the greatest goodwill and the best of wishes, lt takes tho placo of the compliments of the season, and you had botter spit upon a damsel than kiss her. You spit when you meet; and you do the Bamo on loavmg. ï ou seal your bargain in a similar manner. As I waa a lybon of tho first water, the Masai flocked to me as piouB Catholica would do to springs of healing virtue, and with tho aid of occasional draughts of water 1 was equal to tho demand. The more copiously I spat upon them, tho greater was their delight ; and with pride they would retail to their ' friends ' how tho white medicine-man honoured them, end would point with tho greatest satisfaction to tho ocular proof of the agreeable fact. It was certainly rather drying work for mo when I had » largo number to oporato upon, and I required tho aid of bullets and stones in my mouth to stimulate the produc- tion of tho precious fluid. However, their simple faith in tho efficacy of it made me suppress my feelings, and givo them the ploasure. How could I, for instance, resist the upturned face of a Maeai 'ditto ' (unmarried young woman Y as with hor bright eyes Bhe would look the wish the longed to utlor ; and what better reward could I have than tho delighted glance of the nut-brown maid when 1 expectorated upon the li ttlo snub nose so eagerly and piquantly presented r"' The Masai believe in a Supremo Being, bat have not the faintest conception of an after life : " Unlike the men of the Bantu races, ho did not believe in ghosts or spirits. He had no theory of dreams, and did not imagino liko tho neuro that when ho dreamed he was really experiencing all that was passing through his brain, and that his soul or spirit waa actually knocking around somewhere, having' a good timo of it, unclogged by his body. Moran believed nothing of that ; indeed whether he had any idea on tho subject 1 have not bcon able to deter- mine. When the mun died, ho was finished utterly, except so far as he might go piecemeal to build up tho body of a hyena, a vulture, or a marabout stork. The MaBai believe in annihilation. In connection with the decided bolief-of the Masai in a God, it may bo noted that they hava also some minor deity called IS eiterkob-apparently, aa far as I could learn, an earth spirit. They have faifli in witchcraft, though the power of the lybon, or medicine-man, lies not in any innate power of his own, but in his power of inter- cession with Ngäi, who works through him, and imparts magical virtues to various objects. Their conception of the Deity teems to be marvellously vague. 1 was Pi gai. Sly lamp was Ngäi. Ngäi was in the steaming holes. His house was in the eternal snowB of Kilimanjaro. In feet, whatever struck them as strange or incomprehensible, that , they at once assumed had some connection with NK¡H. Their prayers to him wero incessant. Nothing could be done without hour» of howling, whether it was to s?ok direction where to slaughter their enemies, or to ward off a disease." It is remarkable how many points of resemblances there are between the beliefs of these children of dark- ness and those of the children of light - To scientific men the most interesting parts of Mr. Thompson's book will bo those whioh deal with tho natural beauties of this wonderful region, and hero ns elsewhere the vileness of man contrasta very strangely with the pleasantness of every natural prospect. The track followed by the. young explorer took him to Kilimanjaro, the Mount Olympus of Ethiopia, to Mount Kenia, to Chibcharagnani, and to Mount Elgon. Hero SB his description of Mount Kenia : " As pious Moslems watch with strained eye» the appear- ance of tho new moon or tho setting of tho sun, to begin their orisons, so wo now wailed for the uplifting of ibo fleecy veil, to rehder duo homaro to tho hcaven-pieroing Kenia. The day passed on, and the Masai swarmed about us in their customary manner; but wo were Droof against all their insolence, and we continued to watch. Tho sun set in tho westorn heavens, and sorrowfully wo were about to turn away, when suddenly there was a break in the clouds far up in tho skv, and tba next moment a dazzling whito pinnaclo cautrht tho last rays of the sun, and ehono with a beauty, marvellous, spirit-like, and divine, cut off, as it apparently was, by immeasurable distance from all connection with tho gross earth. The sun's mys went.off, and then, with ' a softness like the atmosphere af dreams,' which befitted tho gloaming, that whito peak romained, as though some fair spirit with subdued and chastened expression lingered at her evening devotions Presently, as tho garish light of day melted into tho soft hues and and mild effulgence of a moon-lit night, the "heaven-kissing" mountain became gradually disrobed, and then in all its severe outlines and chaste beauty it stood forth from top to bottom, entrancing, awe-inspiring meet reward for days of maddening worry and nights of : sleepless anxiety. At that moment I could almost feel that Kenia waa to me what tho Biicred stone of Mecca is to the faithful who have wandered from distant lands, surmounting pei ile end hard- ships that they might but kiss or see tho hallowed object, and then, if it was God's will, die. Wo woro now at an altitude of 5700 feet, which may bo . taken as tho general Jove! of the plain from whioh Mount Konia rises." This is a specimen of tho country which our author was sent to explore. Grander or more fruitful country, according to Mr. Thompson, it would be difficult to find, and yet, although the Masoi country is not more than two or threo hundred miles from tho Indian Ocean, it is tho undisputed Boísession of hordes of demoniacal eavugce, and until the beginning of last year it had never been traversed by a white man. 