GREAT BRITAIN. SERMON ON THE LAND QUES- TION. BY REV. DTWALD MAOOAIO, MUOKAIRN. The following senuon on the Lund Question was recently prenohed by the ltov. Mr. Maccaig, in the Parish Ohuroh of Muokairn, Sootland, to an attentive and intoreBtod congregation Isaiah v., 6.—" Woe uuto them that join bouBP to bouse, that lay field to field, till there be no plaon, that they may be placed alone in the midst of the earth," The proaober, whose knowledge WAR BO wide, whose wisdom was so profouud, aud whoso speeoh was BO excellent, tells us that there is no new thing under the euu. If you exclaim, " See, this is new,' his reply is, u It hath been already of old times, whioh was before 11s." Now it is to be observed that many of these proverbs or sayings are to be understood in A restricted sense, and have a speoial, rather than a universal application. It would be a mistake to faucy that every proverb is fitted aud intended to be carried round the whole circuit of Nature aud knowledge, and to be of universal application. It is possible that many of the inventions, nnd contrivances, and discoveries of anoiont and modern times are suoh as were never witnessed under the sun before. And many of the revolutions, too, whioh have taken place in the moral and pliysioal world must be new, and suoh has never happened before. And yet were our knowledge commensurate with the wide range of Nature, and all the events and acts that have transpired, it is possible that the number of new things under the sun would be fouud to be email indeed. Were all the oontrivanoeB and transactions of the past known, it is possible that many of our boasted inventions and improvements would turn out to have been already of old time. One thing'IB certain: that in the political, sooial, and religious world there is not eo milch novelty as is generally supposed. History is continually repeating itself, and the rnoBt startling movements and transactions are only reproductions of things that had been of old time. When you fix your attention on some movement in the politioal, SOOIAI, or religious world, and exclaim, "See, tblB is new," it will be found on inquiry to have been already of old tiine. Take, for instance, the question of clearanoe, of depopulation, that isoreating so much attention and oausing such agitation in our own day. Some one way be disposed to conclude, eurely this is something new under the sun, surely suoh enormities and cruelties had never been practised in the world before. Travel back through all the ages, it may be said, and travel round the world from pole to pole, and from the rising to the setting sun, and when aud where ban such horrid cruelties be found as are being practised in our own day and In our own land t It may he said that the process of clearance and depopulation going on in out time and oountry is unprecedented, and not to be paralleled by anything recorded in the history of the human race. Lift up your eyes Mid look around you, and meditate well on the desolations and solitudes abounding in the place of your birth, and say has euch a state of things been ever witneesed under the sun before. These Patriots, these lovere of their country tod may fxolaim—''»Wonder uot that we are overwhelmed with affliction and woe, that wo smite the breakt and -distil the tear, when we reflect how onr dear tottlve land is laid waste, pMded, and •ptitol, tad the friends of on* yonth watered to the four winds." And taking > p««k\e and strain ot exiles old they »*oteSt "Mavotorfffht «ti»t«*> the rooij o! our tuouS, » fwiteltHttttfctttftiattd," M&o;^to^ft" miseries. War* caused t>y ttaV*««te*i mm iAvadtag W 5 1 K i t 4 m ot iomUTW M b VNto would not beBO intolerable 5 but we are Inoonsolnble to think that all this ruin, all this bavoo, is brought about by those who should be the guardians of tbo land and the shepherds of the people. But to those who thus mourn and weep over the desolations of their native land it may be some mitigation of their surprise utid sorrow to know that, Buoh things have already happened of old time, and nrc uot at all new under the sun. Suoh things w«r0 not unknown, uud were not undone in the days of the prophet, as we learn from the words of our text. Even in those early times, and in the lioly Land itself, olearanoe and depopulation were going on contrary to the will or God aud to the great grief and indignation of His people. If ever there was a »)HM who WHS in harmony with the will of God in his conclusions, iu his perceptions of truth and duty, and who 111 burning aud winged words £ave them plain aud fearless expression, it was this same prophet. Aud lookiug abroad with suoh au eye and suoh a heart what did the prophet see, end, speaking with such power and plttinutws of speech, what did the prophet May 1 He Baw what filled his breast with pity and indignation, and denounced it m words glowing and ruahiug forth like balls of fire. Ho BBW in his nat ive laud, the land of promise, the holy laud, the laud flowing with milk ana honey, bouse being joined to house nud field to field till there was no place. He saw the houses whioh were once the homes of piety, and iudnstry, and happiness being pulled down, and the owners and oooupiers rooted out and scattered to all the winds. He saw the tribes—even the ohoBen aud peculiar people thus dealt with—expelled from their houses and holdings, and sent to dwell iu the towns, or wander in exile. The descendants of Abraham, Isaao, aud Jacob were trampled upon, aud left in a worse plight than the foxes and birds, whioh have holes and nests to lodge them. He saw field joined to field and farm to farm, the ancient fenoes and landmarks being removed, and wild solitudes being oreated all round. The land thus being massed aud monopolised by the rich and powerful, there was no plaoe for the poor man, no land for fairn to cultivate, no house for him to oooupy. For in those days there wore not ouly gardens and vineyards and orchards, but vast ranges under Books and herds, and forests with lodges aud all appliances of sport. Aud when the prophet saw these thiugs, and meditated on them, was ha pleased with the sight, and did he thank God and bless men for it all f Did he consider this expulsion ot the people nnd this amalgamation of the land as fitted to promote glory to God in the highest, ana peaoe and good-will end happiness among men? Did he aooept this depopulation and monopoly —like to many in out own day— as a sign of progress and improvement, as an evidence not to be questioned of the rapid advanoe we are making in civilisation P Par from that, as far aB the east is from the west, BO far was the prophet from taking suoh a view of the matter, and from approving and applauding Buoh merciless work. He was too pious and patriotic to lend his countenance and support to such prooeedings, to be in any way privy or accessory to suoh doings, Perish all wealth and power and glory; away with the smites and favours ot theriab aud noble, ere for ouoe he would oountenanoe or oonnive at suoh doings. Being inspired ho did not think his own thoughts, nor utter his own words iu discussing aud dealing with these matters. In regard to these matters his miud was in hbrmony with the will of God, and he was the voice of one crying in the world, and testifying againBt cruelties aud oppressions, ana reoommeuding the praottoe of truth, 4 u»tioe, and merdytotbeohildren of men. lie was the voice of one crying to men to do justly, to love mercy, aud to walk humbly with God, as the supreme duty required of them. They are not to imagine that gain is godliness, that what thiugs are true aud good and lovely are to be sacrificed tor filthy ltfore, or that the glory of God aud the welfare of. His people are to be put aside tor them and their pleasure. Flatter!^ and favours, frowns and terrors, could not bewitoh the prophet to forget his unbending integrity to be unfaithful to his commission from God. No endearments nor inducements ootid prevail on him to hold Us peaoe ted titoce hUcry against these m •too t Did fas esteem stmfhooonr the doers ot these things as public be«e«soas mm whow b«w« shoUld bs wreathed with Uttrds, and who»e pre- MUM ahonia ba bbled witb iifesannMf Sid her«tsrdl£i t*e things M *xfcelleift MrakfeM iMttirtiA Wm&sm; I M _ as admirable contrivances for leourinv quietness and luxury P The reverie shfl contrary of all this. It Was rsther an pvil eye »nd scowling brdw, and tlie fire of indignation burning like 1 furnace In his heart, that he surveyed the work of havoo against whioh 'hit ttamt et )t oftfoe tfoeis is sounn sounded. The workers Slclt e 1 - work -are alike — hateful — inTii - eyes, and exposed to the raking voUen of his fiery wrath and denunolatloca He hates suoh wreck and ruin, add pegU his tosoin against it, beoanse he kno»i God hates it, and that his delight is in the habitable part of the globe. The Ntmrods of this world aiid the 6hildre& of fnnoy H " take dell not BO \ created the earth and gave it to man that he might replenish and subdue it, take pleasure in deserts and desolations—God who with a high hand and outstretched arm delivered his people out of the land of Egypt, and planted them like a vine be pleased to see that land laid waste, and His ohosen tribes become a spoil and sport to the ohildren of pride f We read that the Lord brought Abraham forth abroad, aud said, look now toward heaven, aud tell the stars, if thou be able to number them ; aud he said unto him, so shall thy seed be. But how is this promise of God to be fulfilled, and how are the ohildren of Israel to beoome numberless as the stars of heaven, if house iB to be joined to house and field to Jfield, till there be no plaoe? The prophet hates this clearance and depopulation, moreover, beoause ft is not only contrary to the welfare of the people, but subversive and destructive of it It stands to reason and experience that individuals and families ate partial to their birthplaoe, and when in the enjoyment of peaoe and prosperity, are content and happy there. Tear flowers and shrubs up by the roots and they will soon wither and die. And in like manuer, with violent hands, tear families from their housus and holdings, and oast them adrift on the wide world, and how many of them must perish. And still more this clearance results in the abolition of that middle olass that haB ever been the salt of the earth, and the light of Booiety. It iB in this middle clasB that religion and piety, virtue and industry, find, as it were, their congenial home, and best flourish, and are productive of the rnoBt bleBt fruits. Those then who are guilty of rooting out this olass by joining house to house and field to to field ;are making war, as it were, on the very Ohuroh uud people of God, and engaged in a oaVeer of bloody ntolerance and persecution. Did they know how displeasing to God and His angels, ho^r fatal to His Ohuroh and cause such worV is, they would at ouoe desist and repent in dust and ashes. But the prophet hates and denounces this work of depopulation, because he knows well, and feels aoutely, it is prejudicial to the stability, strength, and prosperity ot the nation, The stability of a nation, aud.the greatuess of a nation, demand that there be a gradation in the Sooial system, rising up from a broad basis, like a pyramid, and gradually t&pering; until it culminates iu the regat diadem. Suoh have been the constitution of all those nations whioh have sucoesBfully survived the ravages,6f time and ohange, and whioh still flourish with Increasing strength and splendour. Now the destruction of the olass of small tenants and orotters, the abolition of a middle class, is so far fatal to this gradation In the sooial system, tmd consequently to the greatness and resources of jibe nation. Thie class is uot only raoBt fruitful in industry and produotiou, but from this middle grade pr rank are drawn the men most able and Capable for oarrying on and' managing national affaire. Oan tbey be held guiltless, then, tyho are doing their utmost to annihilate this virtuous aud industrious .^ joining house to house and field to J&sldr; However they ma^y flatter, themselves, and however others niiy applaud them tor their m^Uesi aud unpatnotio work, most asBhre&ly; they are not guiltless In tbe ftlght of God. Andolearly Aie prophet who waa inspired, knew the mind pt God, does not hold "them guiltless. With 'what (KmcKAtrat^ ftM* and fire he denounces them and thdr work, so eViJ in itself and so perniolotu iu its oonseauenoes, reooiling fMm thsm the ^iattnohee e Ws don5«nnSoh at ttaifiu wry acul »nd ttTthatil wi&tn; htmis, aeitwere, sUrred us and jWtt* ^highest pltAttNfc^" P»semr, and to » tt trtaW «f hA drops flown on their head his bolt pf venge»tooB nod woe. m* trumpet of l oe he sounds, bis ymls of wrath he smnties on those who thus join house to house and field to field till there bo no plaoe. And the note of woehe sounds Birainst them " echoed back not only br human hearts and living souls, but even by the rooks and oaves. Even the stony hearts of the rooks and oaves seemed moved, and to vibrate and resound in eohoeB of sympathy and «oe to the indignation of the prophet. But the Mienes of ruin and desolation whiob provdked the wrath of the prophet are only too ipommon in our own day and beloved land. For many years now house has been joined to house, and field to fieldin the Highlands, till the poor man has BCaroely where to lay his head. Visit the islands of the sea, walk through the valleys, and climb the mountains, and tell tne -What thou eeesfc there. Soenes of industry and oultivation, of smiling peace and plenty, with happy homes abounding P Alas, not Let the woe of the prophet awake, rolling hki thunder through the air, and exploding in growling aooents of disapproval and denunciation. How can it sleep, how can it slumber, with euoh deeds of villainy multiplying and abounding, and with suoh a bitter ory of distress riuging for ever in the ear 2 Bow oan the sword sleep any longer in the eoabbard, how oan it remain any longer sordid with rust, when the smoke of tyranny and opptes sion in our land is going up day and night like the smoke of a great furnaoe, blaokening the heavens and obsouring the stars ? What Highlander does not wish that bis head were waters, and his eyes u fountain of tears, that he might weep day and night for the desolation and solitude of bis native land ? What Highlander does not wish that, making barn his red right hand, he oonld forge the thunderbolt and wing the lightning, so as to terminate those ciuelties and Oppressions forever? The Highlands are the lends of Chivalry and romanoe, of song aud story, and have attractions for the antiquarian, the poet, and the artist, and the Children of fanoy from every dime. Who ib not charmed with its soenery—so Sublime and beautiful, bo varied and pioturesque—with its charging glens, and. creeps and dells of pnspeakable loveliness! Who is not enohanted with its legends and traditions, with the bold, original, and interesting oharaoter of its inhabitants, and with its history, so full of stirring events aud strange resolutions P And as the steamer nuts her foaming way along the shore, who does not oast a wistful eye and regard ;with melancholy interest the rained castles, perched here and there on beetling cape and oliff P But enthusiastic stranger from distant lataas, romantic rover from regions afar, Weep not and wail not beoauBe thbBe oaptles are rooflesB and in riiins. That they are so is indeed proof of progress and improvement, and a proof that the people are not now living under a reign of blood and terror. These castles were in many oases the nests and strongholds of robbers aud pirates, who lorded it with a high hand over their own people, and were continually at war with their neighbours. When the fiery croBS was sent forth, the olan had to gather and go and wage *war - against those with whom they had no quarrel, and fight battles in whioh they had no interest. Drop not the tear* then, be* cause these oastles are in ruins, and because their towers are roofless and olad with ivy, and because banner and pibrocb are no longer seen or heard on their walls. Bat oome with me, gentle stranger, and I will show you ruins ovier whioh you may well shed the tear of pity, and I will be your guide to desolations that may well hartoto fovc aoulwithgrief. And nowyou suddenly stand in fch attitude of simaceoaent and horror) spreading oat your hands like a awimmet-, and staring around wildly like a man who sees a ghost. No wonder. Look at these houses, onoe the homes of,pious, virtuous, and industrious families, now in ruins, with their bare walls, Hke skeletons, appealing to the heavens against we cruelty and oppression of whioh ttay are the witnesses. Look at these gardens, onoe eo ferula and "Ujtfol, onoe so beautiful with flowers, hushes, Md trees, now overlaid withttonss andoverrun With weeds, save ynwe one rort is blooming on Us stalk «xw »t that toad onoe the highway bi floods and lowing >ine, of noises and ohaHota, now overgrown yrith Pass and flowoely discernible from the •urtonudinK pasture. Look at these »ni straths end snountain-udes onoe under Cultivation, waving with "" iharrerts andnourishing ' " ' " ' " ' an and ^ n w i ,•» * 00m vi nature. AndffiefttbffiesiAoonoe peopledfiiesa ««tk tfnd Tftll 6d thorn gladnpss, where are they now ! Let the scho of yon rock answer where. You are petrified with horror; you are rooted o the ground with grief and indignaion, and you eay an enemy has done this. Enemies indeed may they be called the doers of all this, but invaders and foreigners they are not, This work was done by men who were bound by their position and obligations to be fathers and shepherds of the people, but in place of shepherds beoame hirelings, and in plaoe of fathers they beoame oppressors. As the OBtrioh is hardened against her young 6neB,so they beoame hardened against tbe people whom they were bound to cherish iitad protect. In their BolfishneBS they were in a hurry to drive them from their presence and land aR though thfey were weeds Bnd vermin. In tbe Holy Scriptures the mountains are called upon to (dap their hands, and the valleys to rejoice, and the trees to wave their branches in the jiresenoe of God and His people. But how oan tbe mountains, alleys, and trees be glad when the people are in exile, and the land desolate and solitary P How can they rejoioe when, instead of peace and prosperity, of rouMO and dancing, summonses of removal are beiug taken out; aud enforced against the remnants of the people that etill remain P On the contrary, the mountains seem to array themselves in misty robes of mourning, and the valleys to hush their voices in silence and sadness, and the trees to hang down their rueful heads like bulrushes, in the presence of the bavoo and depopulation prevailing. But what, it may be Miked, is the real motive and objeotof those who join houBe to house, and farm to farm P Some do it from a love of gain, and in the hope of increasing their rent itnd income. By maBeing the land in huge lots, they let it not only for grazing, but also for fishing and shooting, thus greatly benefiting themselves, as they suppose. By getting rid of the people, also, the rates for the maintenance of the poor and of sohoOls are reduced. Others join house to honBe and field to field for purposes of sport and pleasure. They expel Ihe people from their houses and holdings that they may have wide ranges and moors on whioh to rear aud preserve winged game, and woodB and forests as secure and solitary haunts for the roe and the deer. Others, again, in their delicacy and faBtidiousnees, in their pride and luxury, join houBD to nouBe and field to field that thoy may dwell alone in the land. The patbleBB woodB and lonely shores, the murmuring streams, and unpeopled waste are dearer to them than the abodes aud society of men. Aud bo they surround themselves with gardens and Bhrubberies, with vast polities and pleasure-grounds, till there be no plaoe for the poor man. Let it not be forgotten, however, that those who create a demand for those unpeopled tracts are aB much to blame as those who supply it. Let it also be observed that tbe law whioh tolerates such things, and under whose authority euoh things take plaoe, cannot be right, and ought to be changed 'and brought into harmony with the requirements of truth, equity, and mercy. And in any orbu a woe is pronounced against those who are guilty of such things, and Booner or later they Bball eat the fruits of their own doings, and be filled with their own devious. The hour «f retribution is sure to overtake them at last, aud the full recompense of reward to be doled out to them. When those who look out of the Windows are darkened, and the keepers of the house tremble, and the strong men bow themselves, their consciences shall awake, When the eound of the grinding is low, and the daughters of muBic are silent, Uhfi the graBBbopper ie a burden, then the day fit reckoning and the bout of retribution lis oome. And at last, when the silver oord jis loosed, and the gojden bowl iB broken, they must answer for the deeds done in the flesh, for the abuse of their stewardship. 