A STRANCE VOYAGE. BY AV.CLARK RUSSELL. — Aitmou op " A Ska Quees," " The Ladv AIaud," "A Sateoh's Sweetheart," "Tins IVnECK of the GnOSVEXOH, &0. CitxrEu VII. — Mns. Inolefikld Adjures the Smr — (Continue!) " Lot Tug encourage you to take a poop, Mrs, Inglcficld," said Mr. Hornby ; "it quite in spired Miss Edwards." . : "Oil. I'm afraid I daren't. Aw Ton (luito snro thoro is no danger?" elic inquired; find ton- you saw that sho was centralising herself, to become a cynosure, the interesting individual of the party for tho moment, and therefore growinn- happy. Jlcr confounded vanity beat my time. It was not only contemptible iu the splendid presence of Margaret Edwards ; it was bad as making part of a stout, powdered woman of fifty, of n veal like complexion and of yellow hair, to which (ho color of licr eyes gave tho lie direct. Yes, I can bo cynical und bitter nt times, my friends, I never liked this woman, and X am not sorry, Mrs. Inglefield, that, you should now havo the chance of reading my deliberate opinion of you. Pipes hod slunk Ontof the way. and was look ing after the ship on tho gangway. " Not un atom of 1 danger,' cried littlo Hornby, answering Mrs. Ingtcfield's question. I" If youll stop up I'll hold yon, and in such a way that if you go overboard I mnat go loo." This did not suit her ; she glanced askant nt Itim, and then gushed out : Oh, I think I must look if it is worth scoing. Give me yonr. hand, Agnes." and sho made a feint of putting her foot on tho lioncoop, bat iu reality took carotodono more than exhibit a tight now boot with a long heel iu the middle of the sole. Hornby stepped back with an affronted sniff hud feigned an interest in tho lecwurd sea. Tho lady's inanceuvring wns only too palpably meant for mo; there was no help for it j so, 11 Permit me to give you my hand," said I, and up she got with the grncu of a goose, step ping out of a rand. , " Where am I to look, Mr. Aubyn?" sho exclaimed. " Please .toll liic ; and . oh, be carofnl of me I" " It's the whole picture of the ship Uiat yonr daughter and Miss Edwards found beau tiful," I replied, not greatly enjoying the fleshy grip of her hand. " What I thought so lovely, mamma, was the contrast of tho ship's copper with tho Water and tho foam," said Miss Ingleflcld, who rather surprised mo by not looking ashamed of her mother's ridiculous posture making phut she was used to it, I suppose; had been horn to it as a maternal feature, and was as little sensible of it as a mulatto is'of tho ebony skin of Massa Jnnilio. his farder. But hi rs. Ingleflcld was not a lady to seek for "natural beauties ontsido her looking gloss, nor one to find them, ovou if she took tho trouble . to peer. Sho had mounted tho licncoop to ex- hibit her figure, and was holding on to mo be cause she had some appreciation of tho pic- ' turosque effect a young man of a loftier stature than -Hnrahy. and on tho wholo bettor looking than Moses Pipes, can import into a hit of grouping. There was a satirical gleam in hGss Jfirgnrot's eyes that fnlly illustrated her thoughts. Oil tho other hand Mass Agues watched her mother with a littlo nnxiety, as thongh wanting her to see enough to justify her (Agnes) in getting on to the hencoop. Tho sea was wonderfully calm ; there was not the faintest , fold to olevnto or depress by a hand's breadth the Bteady pointing of tho jibboom; and the weight of , wind was so uniform that tho ship's inclination remained constant; honce thoro was no occasion for Mrs. Ingleflcld to sway about under pretence of balancing herself; nevertheless had she boon a circns rider stand ing on tlio luck of a flying steed, and preparing for a header through a hoop, she could not have rolled into mote attitudes. " Oh; he .carofnl of me, Mr. Aubyn 1" she would exclaim from time to time, as if for sooth 1 . she were some tender and forlorn damsel with nothing in the wide world hut my breast to look to should she suddenly capsize. I nover regrcltod Hornby's stature more than then.- Ho was tho first to suggest the enjoy ment, and, confound him, ho ought to liavo hod it I . My. heart is for leaving a woman's figuro nloiie when its poetic growth ccnsc9, and it bceoma3 a body rather than a form. To criticise is mean and uhgcitHcmauly when one's opinions are not challenged. But description is fair enough when a woman of fifty, holding a young man's hand, climbs. awkwardly on to a ship's hencoop and stands a hold conformation against the skv, accepting the furtivo grins of hairy forecnstlo sailors as tributes to her ad mirable proportions, and smirking so as to satisfy the kindliest observer that if she lias one conviction stronger and more deeply rooted than another, it is that sho is a thing of hcatriy and a joy for ever, and that her loveliness in creases, and that she will never pass into . nothingness. "Hallo, Amy I" shouted the colonel, sud- . denly spying her just as she had spied her. daughter ;. " what on earth are you doing up there? what are you trying to see? — Any thing strange in sight, Hornby ?" " The poor man gets so nervous as he grows old, Mr. Aubyn," said Mrs. Inglcfield. "Please help mo down. Tho ship indeed . looks beautiful, and — and— do you know I am positively certain that I shan't bo ablo to Jump?" "Colon el," I sting out, not seeing my way ' hero at all; " will you come and help Mrs. Inglefiold.off this hencoop ?" "Oh I think I can ninnago," said she,' "if . yotfll Jet mo put my hands upon yonr shoulders. " This was as bad as asking ine to put my arm . ronnd her -waist and help her down in that hahion. I glanced at Miss Edwards and saw her struggling with laughter. H Mrs. Ingle flcld chosni to he ridiculous I was determined that sho should not mako mo look absurd ; so I said " Don't attempt to jump. The hencoop la higher tlum you imagine';" nnd tho colonol arriving I exclaimed, " Yon had hotter lift her off, sir," and let go hor hand, and backed nway, whilst her .husband cost his onus about her waist. Had I not fore-calculated her weight I should havo been ablo to estimate with tolerablo ac curacy by watching ; tho lnauoonvring that fol lowed. First of all the colonel's lint fell off. " Now he carofnl, my doar !" he roared ; what-' eyer yen do don't jump on my feet. For God's sake— gently — mind ' how yon come!" ho shouted ns sho fell towards him. The least lurch of the ship must have sent tho pair of them sprawling at that momont; as it wns there wus slope enough in tho deck" to render groat caution necessary. Enough if I-say that before Mrs. Iugleficld wns safely removed from the hencoop tho colonol was not only without his hat, but the loft side of his shirt collar was broken flat on to his coat.; his watch torn' up from his waistcoat pocket, dangled at the cud of the chain ; and I had watched with some in terest a couple of buttons roll away like six pences to leeward. " A narrow escape for me," Said I to Miss Edwards. gko. dared not answer me, and to conceal her merriment wnlkcd right aft past the fellow at tho holm, who was grinning' ns though the whole performance had beeu undertaken for his exclusive diversion. After all this the colonel went below to brush his hair nnd change his collar, nnd was followed by liis wife and daughter. Tho rest of ns went to Mr. Edwards, who sat smoking naigar in mi American chair, with his legs hoisted up and his head sloped back. " Whnt's boon the matter?" said he. "It pains my neck to turn my head. I caught a glimpso of Mrs. Ingleflcld on tho hencoop and heard you call the colonol, Anhyn." I explained, whilst Miss Edwards laughod continuously:- "I say; Edwards," mumbled little Hornby, taking- a precautionary sqnint into the Cabin through tho skylight, " I like the' colonol, and Miss Agues is" very delightful. But 'Mrs.- In glcfield, ch? Goodhearted, I'm snro, and all that sort of thing, don't you know ;_but a trifle conceited, ch? and not-over polito, I think, Sfiss Edwards; you 'hoard l'uc offer hcriny hand, yet without thanking me she turned to her daughter and asked for hers !" . t ' Mr. Edwards laughed , heartily. Sho R thoroughly good uatnrcd, as you say, Hornby," ho exclaimed. " Slie's a woman, - aud 'therefore you " can't quarrel with licr for being a littlo conceited, Don't : you know tho sex yet? What would they .be without vanity? Water, Hornby, taste less water, man ; which, as yon are aware, very few men, and least of all teeto tallers, find palatable. 'Probably Mrs. Inglc- fiold is a littlo over dashed with spirit— a trifle too strong, lot us say — for ovcryone'stasto ; hut at sea individuality "is a useful feature m a com panion as a sourco of amusement, and I don't think that cither slio ortlio colonel," said ho looking at me, "wiil disappoint ns.". Hero littlo Hornby begged not to be misun derstood. Heaven know ho was the lost man in the world to say an unkind thing 'of anybody, least of all of a ladv 1 Only he thought it a mistake — mind, he spoke under correction— for a middle-aged woman with a grown up daugh ter to mount-a hencoop, and cut capers and all that sort of thing, don't yon know, as if sho were learning tho tight rope, " Had yon supported her, yon would ho en titled to complain, said I. "Mr. 'Aubyn," exclaimed Miss Edwards, with her eyes flashing with laughter, " what would you have douo had sho insisted on vour dismounting her ?" " I should have called to the sailors to spread a sail to receive her in," I replied. Mr. Edwnrds broke into n loud ha ! ha I mid then called out to the chief mate to tell him if tho ship was moving. Mr. Alan Bird, whose sailorly appearance it was pleasant to look at, cast his eye over the side mid said, '(We're .slipping through it a full five, sir." "God bless mo !" exclaimed Mr. Edwards, " who would haTO supposed it? Margaret, if this weather lasts another month 1 shall be ablo to dance a waltz with you ?" " Are you fond of dancing. Miss Edwards ?" inquired Hornby with much admiration iu his 'face. "Very!'" - "So ami. "Well have a good many dance.? before we reach the Cape, I hope. Thore's nothing like n si lip's deck for revolving on, and a slight rolling and pitching motion helps won derfully." "Can yon dance on your toes, Hornby?" asked Edwnrds. " Only on my toes," answered the little fel low. " What- other part should a man who o/n danco nso ? His heels ? Heaven save you I skimming is only possible on the toes, ch, Mr. Aubyn? I'd ns lief -pirouette on wooden legs as dunce flat and nil that sort of thing, don't you know !" " Well," said Mr. Edwards, speaking slowly through his noso in the onjoyinent of his cigar, " this is pleasure. This may lie termed happi ness. Look at the bcautifnL blue over the masts! Faitli, wo might ns well bo gliding over a silk carpet as for any water that's to he felt here. Tho deuce is in it if this don't euro me." I saw his dangliter look around her, , and noticed how her beautiful faco reflected the' de light tho sea picture guvo her. I had often heard of that old fashioned word sensilillti/ — the capacity, I believe, of being emotionnllv affected — hut never -could have imagined such an illnstration of its meaning as I found in this girl. You'd remark . the light kindling iu her face, lier red lips parting, her dark eves soften ing and brightening nt once, nnd sircar that she must lie able -to see deeper than most mortals could fathom, to get out of mere hluencss und snnshino tho spirit that worked the quiet trans port in her she'd exhibit. Still on that- afternoon tlio Silver Sea and the wide expanse of 'water trembling under the gentle breeze formed a spectacle to account for a delight mid admiration in anyone. On our right tho Cornish coast hung dim mid blue on tlio horizon, more like a lino of vapor that the breeze had settled nway to leoivard than a range of cliffs. You'd 'follow it into blobs and films till yonr oyo camo to a sail gleaming like a star, mid then right away round on the port side tlio dome of tho honvens stood like an inverted sapphire cup, supported by the dark hlue floor of tho sea, the bonrjlarios of which, .however, were of a crystalline paleness. In thp south-west, the sun liting in unclouded glory, and tho wake of him — a shaft of white fire — shivered like liqnid simmering silver under tho gentle hut. steady air that was keeping our sails . full, and inclining tho ship and forcing her through it almost noisolessiy savo under the counter, whouco roso tho sounds of eddying water and the seething of bubbles flouting iu tho furrow ploughed np by the great share of our keel. Tho sunshine wns nearly ahead as wo steered, and the concavities aloft were in shadow ; this made tho picture the more beautiful, mid see ing Miss Edwards looking I nsked her to ob serve tho silvery glint in tlio 6ky nt the edges of the snilK, 03 though the. brightness pouring down on tliem flowed off iu an argent hazo from tho roundness in front. But sho had already noticed that . It was the topmust canvas that uppcored to tuko her fancy most, " Thoy arc perfect summer clonds'l'V site ex claimed, sending her beautiful glance np to them, and loauing hack till you saw the white of her throat like snow in tho son, while her noblo figure lay in an almost floating posture, reminding mo of a painting I once can- that represented one of earth's early daughters gaziug into tho heavens for the star that was to signal her angel lover's intention to descend to her. Iloruhy casting his glance upon her at that moment struck' an attitude of admira tion. . . - " Ono hears a good deal about the beauty of sailing ships," sue continued, half dreamily, more as if sho were thinking aloud than talking tome; " hnt few pcoplo I daresay realiso tho grains, tho exi/iiiVnfn taste, that is shown in the arrangement of such sails as those up there. How perfectly thoy fit tho poles they arc stretched upon 1 Arc thoso things called poles, Mr. Aubyn?" sho said with her eyes still fixed on the far up main royal. " Thoy are called yards," I answered. "How tho sails mount I" she continued, rising one above another and growing smaller and smaller. What conld ho more gracoful ? And what a crowd of sails — four on tho mast behind, nnd ton on the other two masts ; and how many on tlio bowsprit and between tho 1 masts. Mr. Aubyn?" I reckoned, nnd including tlio spanker made out ten. " That makes tweniy-font! " " And you may add ten more in tlic sliape of studding sails. '>' " Thirly-funrl isiiot that impossible? The ship could not carry -them ; their weight would npsot her." Here Mr. Edwards, who hod been listening, tipped tho ush from -his cigar, and said, " Hornby, don't somo ships cany 'more churns than this craft ? Arc not there sails called sky. sails?" " Why, yes, certainly — sky .sails, moon sails, cloud cleaners, star gazers, jib-o'-jibs, rin- li. jimmy greens, water sails, and nil that son'of thing, don't you know 1" replied tho lit tle fellow, airing thoso marine terms with a laughable air of complacency. " It is wonderful tliat sailors should he ablo to remember such names," suid Miss Edwards, sitting erect and speaking in hor usual manner. Her father and lloraby lind broken tbo spoil, nnd she had comedown from the sky where the fnvorito . lit tie royals were to tho prosaic lifo of tho ship's decks. - CitArTun VHI. — Mn. Hon.vnv is Uestrr. At tho into of five knots an honr it did not tako the Silver Sea long to rnn out of sight of land. A good while before tho sun stood tow tlio tea line around ns was nnbroken by any other points than those of sails. There was a' new moon ovorhcad, a mere paring of mother o' pearl,- and there was nothing else in the sky ; it was just a concave of deep blue, and the sun as lie went down it- grow large nnd red,- aud his fioty spokes waned till his disap- , pcarauco promised, the vanishment of a clean crimson disc. But as the afternoon progressed. tho brcozc freshened; tho sea darkened under it and tho ripples as thoy curled took nu edging of white that made a prism of tlio deep- beneath tlic slanting lustre. It crept yet a point or so further into the east, whicli-eiiahlcd ; Captain Pipes to hrnco in tho yards a little ; and the Silver Sea went -along ns quietly and swiftlr as a flying gull, unrolling a gleaming riband behind her. But all on a sudden — nnd it was past six : o'clock and I was waiting for the summons to go bclciv and prepare myself for tho dinner table— the jibboom of tlio ship slightly roso, \- and there was a gentle floating licavc along the wholo length of the vessel that seemed to pass liko a kind of yearning throngh tho very bowels of her ; and then the jibboom sank, and thcu rose again. " A hint of tlio Atlantic swell, Mr. Bird," said I to the- chief unite, who had charge of the deck. ".Yes," he replied; " it is not often that- one funis the English Channel flat as a pond so far down." The swell was exceedingly light at first, scarcely perceptible indeed ; but after a few brcatliingx it became more of n hcavo and tho swing of tho ship over it, though trifling enough, was distinctly appreciable. " 1 wonder if I mean to be sick, Mr. Biid," said I. "Nonsense, tar 1" he cxelnimcd - cnconrag- ingly. " Well. I don't know. A six months' train ing won't help a man after fourtcon or fiftcon years. This is just the -movement to try mc, auvway — slow ami deliberate." 1 was determined to test invself at once, not wishing to wait to make a fool of myself at tlio dinner table ; localise though I had not in the smallest degree set myself up for a nautical man on tlio strength of my early voyage, yet I could not hut reflect that Mr. Edwards und, to a certain extent, his daughter, were disposal to think of me nnd treat me ns one ; and there was perhnps a rcasonablo pride in my desire to support die charactor that had been forced upon mc. Accordingly I stepped right oft astern of tho man at tho wheel, where the motion of tlic ship wns best to ho felt — the swell was dend west and took us fair on die starboard bow — and here I pnt my wholo mind into the heaving, thinking of it and trying to feel it with all my might. Such of conn-e. is the best way to bo sen sick, the shortest cut I into that affliction, lmt nothing came of it ; not the least feeling of nausea troubled mo. Mr. ; Bird watched me widi curiosity. " Well," said he, approaching nud langhing ; " how do you feel, sir ? " " As well as - you, Sir. Bird — with nu nppo-1 tito unimpaired, which is a very excellent assur ance," I replied, much in love with myself, for I had had considerable misgivings ; " if I can stand this I con stand worse." As I suid this Mr. Edwnnls'g head appeared ill tho companion." He and the others had been below since half-past five or thereabouts. I saw the steward at his elbow helping him up, and I advanced to giro tho old gentleman a hoist out of the hatchway. He grasped my hand and suid, " Aubyn, the ship'B rolling, by Gcorgo ?" " There's a trifle of swell coming along — verv faint though," said I. noticimr that he was rather yellow. " D'ye feel at all sick " lie asked, clinging to mc and looking about 'him uneasily. " Not iu tlio least," suid I. " Then I do,": ho exclaimed. " Perhaps it'll pass off here. Will you shovo it chair near tlio rail there— i n case? I can't run, you know," he added with a hollow laugh, tho very ghost of his usual hearty explosions. I did as he requested and helped him to sit down; then asked if lie thought his daughter would like to come on deck, as I should be hnppy to conduct her. Ho shook bis head and wavod his hand in token that he was not then very jeapablo of speech. " Like a dear fellow, don't hang alwut me," said lie ; so I loft turn and rejoined the mato. Tlio licnvo was long, slow and rhythmical, with a truo deep water touch in it, and tho canvas would flatten in a bit as tho ship leaned, whilst you heurd thoclmruiiig of foam forward when her forefoot took the gleaming Blunts. 1 talked with Mr. Bird about the vessel aud licr crew, nnd found him to bo nn extremely agree able well spoken man, plain and straight in his remarks, and a person of experience iu his profession. He told mo ho had had command (or two years of a ship trading to tlio East Indies, hut lost, tlic berth in conseqnouco of tlio insolvency of tho firm tlio vossol belonged to, and for nix mooths ho had been kicking his heels aslioro vainly seeking cmploymout. IIo had a wife and children, and therefore tho obligation of obtaining work lay very heavy upon liira ; and wlicu lie received un offor to go as chief mate of the Silver Sea he accepted the borth tiiankfuliy. ' " The long and short of it is, sir," said he, " there are too many captains and males. Some of us aro much fitter fertile forecastle, whero men nrc wanted, than on the quarter deck ; but wo nil wish to be bosses, and So scores of ns arc sthrving." Meanwhile as we conversed, wnlkirig up and down, I "gazed occasionally nt Mr. Edwards, who sat vcir still, with liia face turned towards tlio sea, and his left hand grasping n belaying pin that pierced tho rail where he was. But presently sudden jerkings of tho elbow, accom panied by a bowing movement followed bj con vulsive rceoiLs, warned mo that tho crisis wns not far off; and truo enough in a few minutes the old fellow was exceedingly ill. . "It'll do. him good, ".said- Mr. Bird, with a touch of compassion that yonr genuine sailor always feels for . a nauseated fellow creature. " It'll clenr out his long shore swash, and thut should carry off his rheumatism." I went and stood noar him— out of his sight, however— prepared to assist liim should his i gout- provo a -hindrance to his free aud neces sary posture malting; hut ho managed very well ; indeed you would not have suspected that lie wns' afflicted with swellings and ncuto stiffnesses; ho was ont of his chair and ovor- liuug tlic rail, and had -ho been a sailor draw ing .a bucket of water over thasido bo could not havo rolled abont on his legs' more ekstically. After a little his throes passed nnd he fell into liis cliair again with his handkerchief to his face. - ' 1 Can I be of uso to you, Mr. Edwards ? " I inquired, stepping round. He withdrew his hnndkcrchiof nnd looked at- me, os I started hack, utterly amazed, aud for the moment utterly alarmed. I hardly re cognised him ; liis face appeared to hnveshruuk to half its former size ; his lips had disappeared ami his mouth was a little cave, nnd his chin close enough to his nose to servo as a portrait for a man of eighty. "Good heavens?" cried, I much agitated by the extraordinary transformation that bad bccu wrought in a fow minutes. " What is tlio matter with you, Mr. Edwards?'-' - " I have Iof my tcef — they fell ont when I wuv fickin," he mumbled ;nnd now that ho opened his mouth I perceived that wliero a row of glittering teeth had sparkled there wns nothiug to he scon but gum, qnite toothless gum. Yes ; in liis convulsions he had cast liis pearls to the marine swine, ho had. hovo them overboard, and his physiognomy had under gone an amazing nnd alarming change. "I have nnovcr fot below," said he, pro ducing a hunch of keys nnd picking out one of them ; " thoy're in a cafe in vo yolloiv port- uuuiteirr in vo lower hnuk. Will yon kindly bring vein tome?" I took the koys and hurried below, grateful for the errand, for my suppressed laughter came very hear to exploding mc. I entered liis berth, and found the yellow portmanteau aud tho box of teeth inside ; but had to linger in order to exhaust my mirth. When I re turned I found him recovering from another attack. By this time I had my gravity under command, and said, very soberly : " lfere are yourtoetli, Mr, Edwards'; hut 1 shouldn't advise you to put tliem into yonr mouth nntil your nausea has . abated, for it will be no joke to lose thoso too." IIo declined, mumbling that lie felt bolter ; and -then turning li;3 head aside he deftly put tho tooth into his month and looked nt me once more with his fnco restored to its usual proportions. Ho dried liis eyes and said, " I feel relieved. -Its_a great nuisance that I should have lost those teeth. If those go we must (urn-back. I never thought of such a thing happening when I asked voir to put a chair for ino horo. V liuto tho fuss of 11 basin," I10 added, pulling, off his hat and wip ing liis face. "However, I shall not imperil thoso. I'll extract - them - if I feel another attack coming on. Kindly call to tho steward, Aubyn, for a littlo brand vy will yon ?" 1 dill so. "I niu certainly relieved," lie continued; " maybe this is tlic physic I linve been wauling nil along nnd ho fay back in his chair, still very yellow, hut apparently in no great snffcr- i"K. The steward arrived with somo hraudv, aud my friend helped himself to- a caulker. "I shall not diu'c to- day," said he to the man. "Very well, sir." I no\v discovered that I had not hcanl the .first dinner -boll, and that the second would ring in about, toi; minutes ; so, ns Mr. Edwards said lic'rl rather ho left alone, I dived below, wliero miollicr hearty fit of laughter pretty well cleared' out tho merrlmont that was loft ia ine. '- 