Her Sister's Lover. CHAPTER VI.— ( Continued). ' I hope so, always.' Ho sits! down again opposite her, and thoy, are both silent. All at once Dolly springs to her feet. r„;';Dickj what was that?' '??- -'I hear nothing, dear. You are nervous.' 'I am sure I heard a cry.' She opens the window and listens again. ' There it is, Dick. ; I was right.' And distinctly upon the clear air there comes borne to them a cry of ' 1-Iclp, help !' JL-ick ruslies rrom the house, and J Jolly foljows luw, bareheaded and breathless. Soon (tSeyje-j)me to the moor, and there they find Mm. Haird standing by Alicia's side and call ing for aid. at the top of her voice. There is nothing very much the matter. Alicia stumbled and fell, twisting her ankle Beneath her. Mrs. Haird knew that they would hear her at the farm if she called loud enough,' arid together they help Miss Ilaird to th'echoiise. CHAPTER VII. ''-Miss Haird's sprain proves obdurate. They do not think it necessary at first to call in a doctor —indeed, Alicia vows that she will not see'him if he comes, and so they bathe and bandage the injured limb themselves, and trust to time- to heal it. Their trust is apparently misplaced, and at last, though reluctantly, Miss Haird consents to see Dr. Vesey. He comes, examines the swollen ankle, and then frowns heavily, and shakes his head, as doctors do! 'Should have sent for me at once, Miss Haird, 'j he says. ' You would have been about by this time had you done so, and now I don't believo you will walk until Christmas.' 'But I must, doctor. I can't lie here idle.' ? r.':'^jD(ani afraid, -you will be compelled to. The ankle is not sprained at all, but partially fractured^; and, owing to improper treatment, wiirnot be well for a long time to come.' . The doctor is right. November passes, o cold, dismal, and dreary, and the time ap pointed for Keith's visit is at hand. Owing to Alicia's mishap Dolly is not able to leave home '?'as she intended. She, too, like Keith, feels ' that Fate is against her, and inwardly prays ~ for help that she may meet him bravely. She mentions to Alicia one day that she should like to spend Christmas away from ; Ai me's Green; but Miss Haird appears so hurt and offended at the idea that Dolly at ?' once abandons it. ' ' The first-Monday in December Keith is to arrive. Dick volunteers to drive to Silver stone to fetch him, and Alicia gladly accepts ' his offer. ' Mrs. Haird meets them on their arrival at the -'farm, for Alicia cannot move- from her couch yet,- though Dr. Vesey says she may do 80 in a few days. Keith goes to her side and J'' kisses her tenderly, then he looks round for Dolly, but she is not there. .-.^Hesees her presently at the tea-table, and ? 'she* salutes him gravely and quietly, and as he holds her little hand in his for a moment he turns suddenly sick and faint, realising as lie has never done before that without her lie *, 'can never be content. After tea, as they sit -'around the fire, Keith tells them of his visit ' to 'Norfolk, speaks modestly of the success which has crowned his literary efforts, and gives them a. vivid description of his London life. Alicia's couch is : drawn up to the fire, and.asjshe lies there she looks more loveable 1 than she has ever done before. Dolly is very silent, and keeps close to Dick, as if she finds safety in his companionship. — ? The next morning Keith walks out alone. Dick is busy; Alicia,- of course, unable to accompany him ; and Dolly is nowhere visible. in So he .'starts forth, and almost unconsciously ''''selects the path which leads across the moor to -:jJthe Clapgates. Presently he finds himself going on at a great pace, and pulls up with a laugh. 'Any- one might have thought I was walking for a wager, '-'he. says to himself, and then walks nlohg'at d'more reasonable rate. After a time lie lifts his eyes, and sees coming towards him —Dolly. She is looking down, and is quite uncon scious that he is near. ; He stands still waiting for her, and it is not until she is quite close to him that she becomes aware of his presence. Then she starts a little and changes colour ; but presently holds out her hand and serenely bids him ' Good morning.' j'. ..'.Where have you been f I ill t'iTo the Clapgates. I started before break fast.' ' But it must have been quite dark ?' 'It was.' 'You are not in a conversational mood, Dolly. .Your replies are curt and concise.' . f: ' ' Is riot-. that the proper thing ?' « Possibly; but I am not a judge. You used to be more talkative when I was here last.'; , '. She darts a swift glance at him, lialfwon . o-dering, half-angry. 1 ~ ''it is riot necessary to speak of that time.' ' I guppose not. You are not engaged to Dick Trevenant ?' (-.' f'No.' . _ ?' ' Another short answer !' Keith says; half amused, but: inclined to be vexed too. 'Since j- when liave you considered speech too . precious to'use?' ? ? ' You are cruelly unfair to me,' she says, her cheeks crimsoning; and her , eyes flashing. t Y I think if I were a man I would bo ashamed to' torment a woman in this manner.' He speaks contritely. ? 'X know I am a brute. Forgive me, Dolly, please.' ? No answer again. . They are nearing the house. Dolly comes to a standstill. ,.'I*wiU go no further with you, Keith.' ' As you will,' he says, angrily, and with out another word strides off, while she stands ' ? -watching him with a- world of love in her eyes. After a time she follows him slowly, and ' goes upstairs to her own room. But Keith is determined to speak with her to-day, and when she comes down again he is in the sitting-room alone. Alicia, against orders, lias -gone to the kitchon, and is super intending various dainties in preparation for her lover. Dolly .takes a book, and seats herself in a -.T , low chair before the , fire. - She is dressed in ' a close-fitting black costume, and at her throat thore is a bunch of vivid scarlet berries. Keith crosses the room and stands behind her ' chair. ' AVhat aro you reading ?' ' ' Tho Mystory of Palace Gardens.' ' ' By Mrs. Riddell. Do you liko it V' ' Of coursc I do.' He leans over her and whispers in her car. ' What havo you done with DaiitiS Rosetti's poems?' She flashes him an indignant look. ' I wish you had never sent mo the book. It was a foolish thing to do, arid ; caused me a lot of trouble.' 'I'm bound to cause people trouble who take any interest in mo. I'm unfortunato myself, and bring misfortune to others. I guess I was born under an unlucky star.' ' Alicia knows you sent that book.' 'Does she? I thought I had taken suffi cient precautions to prevent discovery. J brought that book with me from London ; not for you, Dolly, but for Alicia, and then when I saw you and you told me you should liko to read Ilossetti's poems, I wrote your name iu the volume, made it up into a parcel, and posted it to a friend in Lnndon, asking him to sond it back to Aiuie's Green. But you guessed at once, I suppose ?' 'Of course I did, and I was intensely angry.' 'Your anger is riot ' very dreadful, Dolly dear.. I don't think I should ever be afraid of you, thoiigh I might'be of Alicia — she can be very terrible.' 'Ye;; She loves you, Keich, well.' He gives fin impatient gesture. ' Don't remind me of it, Dolly, I am too well assured: of it already.' ' You should not say so — it ought to bs a pleasure to you.' 'But then, you know, it is not. Did you see the lines I marked, Dolly?' ? 1 Her face ihtmes crimson. ' Yes ; and when I read them I threw the book down, and felt as if I could trample upon it. It was an insult to me.' ' I did not mean it so, my dear.' - ' You arc wrong again, Keith ; you should not call me ' my dear.' ' ' Can't do anything right,' he says, in mock despair. 'Ami to speak to you as Miss Haird or Miss Dolores ? If I had my own way I should call you 'my darling,' 'my dearest heart' !' Dolly fancies she hoars a footstep outside. She lays her hand upon his arm. ' 3e quiet, Keith, there is someone listening.' He goes to the door hastily and looks out, but there is no one there. ' You are fanciful, Dolly. Perhaps you heard a ghost.' ' I can't quite understand how ghosts should make a noise. They are supposed to be impalpable, and yet we hear of chains clanking, and noises which an ordinary mortal would find it difficult to produce. I don't' believe in them myself.' ' Neither do I. The only ghosts I know are the ghosts of dead hopes, dead memories, dead delights, and I would rather face a hundred sheeted, gibbering visitors from another world than these pale reproachful spectres of our past life.' He speaks with passionate feeling, and a quiver in his rich voice. Again Dolly looks towards the door. 'I am sure I heard a step, Keith. It was not fancy this time.' A second time he hurries to the door, but there is no one there.- He laughs as he comes back to the lire. 'How nervous you ave, Dolly. There is not even a suspicion of anybody.' ' Strange ! I am certain I heard something.' 'I was saying I had kept my promise, Dolly, and done all you wished. But I have not been able to press for the marriage being early ; I cannot, Dolly. I would us soon go lo my death as to the altar with her.' There is a sound without, Keith hears it distinctly this timo, a sort of long, shuddering, sobbing sigh. Dolly rises. ' I won't stay any longer, Keith. I shall begin to think, after all, that the room is haunted. I am goint; to the kitchen ; Alicia is there.' ' May I go too ?' 'If you like. But pray remember that Alicia is your promised wife, and treat her as her position deserves.' They pass out, and towards the kitchen, but find no Alicia when they get there. The cook, a red-faced Yorkshire lass, is busy making tea cakes ; she grins as the two enter, and answers Dolly's enquiry for her sister in a broad North country dialect. ' Miss Haird was tireJ, and had gone to her own room.' Then Dick comes into the kitchen, not seeing Dolly at first. Keith watches the pleasure in his eyes when he catches sight of the girl, and in his heart hates him. ' I have news for you, Dolly,' Dick cries ; 'the ' Ladies' Lake ' is frozen over, and you may get your skates ready for to-morrow.' ' Oh ! how jolly, Dick. Then her face falls. ' And poor Alicia won't be able to go.' 'Not yet awhile, anyhow. I suppose you skate, Esmond 1' 'Yes; I'm very fond of it.' ' Dick,' Dolly says, confidentially, ' do you know our sitting- room is haunted 1' ' No, is it 1 Let's go and look for the ghost.' They go back to the room, but Keith is left behind, and feels out in the cold. They find Miss Haird established upon her couch, her pale face- looking paler by contrast with the crimson cushions. ' There is a pained reproach in her eyes which Keith- cannot well meet. He sits down beside her, and takes her hand in his. ' Trevenant tells us there is some skating close by ; but you will not be able to go, so I shall remain at home with you.' She does not decline his offer, but lies there very quietly. Dick goes out again to liis duties, and Dolly soon slips away, leaving tiie engaged couple together. Theu Alicia speaks — 'Keith, what I am going to say, you should have said long ago. When will you marry me 1' He stares at her in blank, dismayed silence. 'I am tired of this life,' she goes on, liassionately. ' I am oating out my heart with p tin and jealousy. When will you ask me to come to you. for life and death ?' She lifts herself upon her elbow and looks at him. He cannot answer; sl-e ha': literally s truck him dumb. ' I know J ought to b€) ashamed of myself for thus putting aside womanly reti cence, womanly pride ; but you would not speak, and so I am compiled to do no.' ( To be Contmued.) 