MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. [By Telegraph.) Melbourne, February 2. A well-known member of the turf in a few minutes at Tattersall's Victoria Club Booms backed Sir Garnet to win the Newmarket Handicap at 20 to 1 to the extent of £16,000. Afterwards he took £3,000 at 100 to 6. Then he baoked Sir Garnet and Le Grand for the doable event, the Handicap and Cup, at 1,000 to 5 twelve times over. The latest scratchings for the Newmarket Handicap are—Colstoun, Warwick, Country man, The Jewel, Chloe, Paganini, Kingship, ChuckBter, Ned - o' - the - Hills, Rooket, Umberto, Sarabauda, Emilius, Sutton, Iralee, Royal Irishman, Little Sister, Too Too, Scaramouch, Warbler, Premature. For the Australian Cup—Madcap, Warwick, Blink Bonny, Precious Stone, Prime Minister, Despot, Anglesey, Pilot, Colstoun, Dirk Hatteraick, Broker, Rufus, King's Own, Wallangra. j Melbourne, February 3. To-day 2,000 to 80 was taken about The Ghost for the Newmarket Handicap, and 1,000 to 35 is wanted about Surrey; 100 to 8 is the price on the field. The South Australian Jockey Club have applied to the Victorian Racing Club for permission to hold a three days' meeting on the Flemington Course in May next. The meeting of the V.R.C. Committee yesterday agreed to accede to the request, and no doubt *he "Adelaide Cup, which last year was a handicap of 2,000 sovs., will be included in the May programme. The folio wing horses have been struck ont oi their engagements at Caulfield next Satur day — Donation, Chuckster. Hawksburn Handicap—Leporello, Umbertoo, Duenna. St. Valentine's Handicap — Oaractacus, Hurole. Melbourne, February 4. The following horaeB remain in the Sires' Produce Stakes, to be run m connection with the V.R.C. Meeting .-—First Prince, King master, Buttress, Manchester, Angora, TJralla, Monte Christo, Evie, Antonio, The Teacher, Remus, b.f. by Glorious, Needle, b. or b.r.c. by Maribyrnong, Bridesmaid, b.f. by Piscator, Lady Spec, b.c. by Maribyrnong, Alexandra, d.r.c. by Maribyrnong, Fleet wing, b.c. by Rapid Bay, Nina. Melbourne, February 5. "Augur," in the Australasian, states that while out at Flemington early in the week he called into the Racecourse Hotel to see how Hales was progressing; and was glad to hear that he was going on well. He saw the champion Le Grand exercising on the outer track, but he was not quite so much pleased with him as some of the Flemington people seemed to be. There onght to be a pleasant day's sport at Caultield on Saturday afternoon. Thenandi caps do not appear to have given general satisfaction, Messrs. Robertson being particu larly strong in their remarks respecting the manner in which their horses have been treated. They scratched them at onee, and Mr. Blackwood, who had pood cause to strike out Duration. followed suit. For the Hawks burn Handicap nothing seems so well treated as Camerine, who Bhould add another victory to Mr. Davis's credit, and next to her Grace Darling and Impulse look welL In the Steeplechase Denmark has the steadier of 13 st. 3 lb., and we shall have to look lower down for the winner, Deceiver, Chrysalis, and Sir Ewan being the three that may fill the places. The small number of forfeits for the New market Handicap and Australian Cup must Srove gratifying to Mr. Barnard, in the Tewmarket Handicap no less than seventy three horses still remain in. thirty having been struck out, and among those that have not cried content there is no popular favourite. Mr. Sullivan considered Yately had quite 5 lb. more than he was entitled to in such company, and several of the others withdrew horses probably because they con-1 sidered they were overweighted. From the Australasian Cup fourteen have been withdrawn. Precious Stone could not win such a race with a stone less upon his back, and several of the others might be placed in the same class. Kit hiubbles, not withstanding his breakdown at Qeelong, still remains in the list, and Silver King's owner prefers the long race to the short one. The following are the betting quotations:— NEWMARKET HANDICAP. 100 to 8 agst. 8Ir Garnet (wtd.) 100 to 7 „ Coningsby itta.i 100 to 4 „ The Gnost (tkn.) 100 to 4 „ Malua (tkn. and off.) 200 to 7 „ 8urrey (tkn.) 100 to S „ Surprise (tkn.) 100 to 3 „ Velocipede (tkn.) 100 to 3 „ Leporello (tkn.) 100 to 3 „ Mlddlemarch (tkn.) 100 to 3 „ Meander (tkn.) 100 to 8 „ Mistake (tkn.) 100 to 1 „ Hannibal (tkn. and off.). SOtol „ Mascotte (wtd.) EOtol „ Dirk Hatteralck (tkn.) EOtol „ Mozart (tkn.) SOtol „ Promethns(tlm.) 60 to 1 „ Claptrap (tkn.) 60tol „ King of the Gipsies (tkn.) CHAMPION BACE. 3 to 1 agst. Commotion (tkn. and off.) 4 to 1 „ lie Grand (off.) lOtol „ Silver King (tkn.). 