CORRESPONDENCE. RATIONAL CHRISTIANITY. (To the Editor of the Gippsland Times.) SIR,—It was perhaps rather indiscreet in me to raise a fresh issue in my recent let- ter, especially as my present business en- gagements leave me but little time for con- troversial pursuits. However, in response to Mr Charles Watt's courteous invitation, I can hardly refuse some reply to his re- marks and queries. I regret to observe that Mr Watt has misunderstood my penultimate paragraph, into which a superflous comma certainly did introduce a slight ambiguity. I mentioned four peculiarities of early Chris- tian doctrine which seemed to flow very naturally from the then prevalent belief in the close proximity of the Second Advent, but it was only to the last, viz., "the re- fraining from law suits," that the subse- quent words, "on the ground that the Great Judge was, already at the door," had any application. But Mr Watt very positively insists that there is no scriptural authority whatever for this particular statement. In reply, I beg to refer him to James V., 1— 11; where the writer, denouncing the wealthy oppressors of the poor, declares, "ye have heaped treasure together for the last days."—"Ye have condemned and killed the just, he doth not resist you," and then continues "Be patient therefore, *brethren, unto the coming of the Lord," and again, "be yo also patient, stablish your hearts, for the coming of the Lord draweth nigh," and in the following verse, "Behold the Judge standeth before the door." (I quote portions of the text only, for the sake of brevity.) I marvel greatly that Mr. Watt should not have recalled this well known passage. In that which he refers to, 1 Cor. VI., 1-7, the apostle is simply advo- cating church arbitration instead of a resort to civil tribhnals, and reminds his hearers that they, the saints, are to judge the world, and even angels, but to the source of this latter assertion no clue is given. As to abstin- ence from marriage being commended, Mr W. does his best to soften and explain the fact. But the apostle certainly makes what we moderns would consider a rather in- vidious distinction when he says, "He that is unmarried careth for the things that be- long to the Lord, how he may please the Lord, but he that is married careth for the things that are of the world, how he may please his wife." (1 Cor. VII., 32-3.) His suggestive remark in v. 29, "But this I say, bretllren, the t?ie is short," must be taken in connection with his well-known opinions .as to the Second Advent, of which more anon. In quoting the pas- sage from 1 Tim. V., 8, relative to mak- ing provision for the houselloldl, Mr Watt has altered the present to the future tense, but this is doubtless an inadvertence of no serious consequence. He states, how- ever, that "all commentators agree" that the expression, " take no thought for the morrow" means "take no undue thought," etc. I have noticed, in reading and hearing Mr Watt, that he is rather apt to claim this unanimlity of authorities. On this occasion I will not dispute the dictum further than to observe that his amended reading is per- fectly rational and satisfactory : and that if only the learnled revisers of the New Testa- ment had seen their way to adopt it in the text, much misconception might be avoided. But would Mr W. advise the same reading in the parallel passage, Luke XII., 11? "Take ye no (unude) thought what ye shall say," where it would seem to detract from the value of the promise which follows, "For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye shall say." That absolute and implicit reliance on supernatural power is here inculcated, rendering any forethought unnecesary, seems clear from the context. See especially Luke XII., 22-4, "Take no thought for your life," etc.—" Consider the ravens. for they neithersow nor reap; which neither have storelluses nor barn ; and God feedeth them ; how much more are ye better than the fowls?" Again, in the same chap- ter, v. 33:, we have the exhortation "Sell that ye have and give alms," etc. The same injunction is repeated, and made the crucial teat of sincerity in the dialogue with the wealthy ruler.—Ch. XVIII., 22. Does it not appear that the early converts referred to in Acts II. and IV., of whom it is recorded that "fear came upon every soul," and that they sold their possessions, anl parted them to all men, etc., acted under a full persuasion, not only of the resurrection, but of the approacling Advent of their risen Lord, whose reported precepts they thus en- deavoured to reduce to practice? Mr Watt calls my attention to a passage in the Acts, relative to the Second Advent, and says the word "immediate" is not there —a remark which appears to me both superfluous and irrelevant. Further on, he makes me feel that I must have been very obscure, by asking "what does he mean? Who perceives the error, and in what does it consist ?" etc. The alleged error was the general belief entertained in the first age of Christianity, and doubt- less basel on the reported utterances of Christ himself, that soon after his death he would return to judge the earth, "in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory." It was asserted in the most em- phatic terms that "this generation" should "not pass away" till "all these things were fullilled," Matt.. XXIV., 34, and Lake XXI., 32 ; and elsewhere "that there be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the Son of Man coming in his king- dom," Matt. XVI., 28. Tile declaration that the precise day and hour would remain unknown (simply intended to secure vigi- lance) in no way conflicts with these state- ments, which are as explicit as language I can make them. That this was the general a apostolic belief we have abundant evidence in their writings, with which I feel sure Mr Watt must be well acquainted, and I will not therefore attempt to set it forth at any length. Perhaps the most conclusive m passage as to St. Paul's belief that this mo- mentous event would occur in his own life. time is that found l I Thess. IV., 17. "Then we which are alive and remain, shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air," etc. In the epistle. addressed to Timothy, and in those of Peter, their own times are distinctly identified as "the last." See Jude also V., 18-19, "They told you there should be mockers in the last time,"—— "these be they, etc. St. John also, known (solely from his own testimony) as "the beloved disciple," seems to have shared this expectation in a very special manner. Writing to the churches in ad- vanced age, as though conscious that the Lord's coming could not he much longer delayed, he pathetically exclaims (I John III., 17), "Little children, it is the last time." The same idea runs through the addresses (in Revelations) to the Seven Churches, and the canon closes with the almost agonisinig cry, "Come, Lord Jesus, come quickly." But the venerable apostle at length died, and we find, appended to the Gospel which hears his name, certain verses by a subsequent writer, which are apparently intended to account for the erroneous opinion which had been current, till his death exploded it, and there is a curious iteration, which yet ex- plains nothing, in the two verses (ch XXI., 22-3) concluding, "Yet Jesus said not unto him, He shall not die ; but, if I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee ?" But not to multiply instances. I will only further say that having diligently sought (but with- out success) for satisfactory explanations of these and other anomalies occurring in writ- ings for which a plenary and miraculous in- spiration is persistently claimed, I have been reluctantly forced (in common with many thousands of others) to abandon that theory as untenable. Mr Watt asks what I mean by the term "rational Christianity?" I reply that I understand by it, such a view of its Founder, His work and doctrine, as commends itself, apart from external authority, to the edu- cated reason and common sense of mankind ; a view which does not regard this earth as of necessity the central object of the uni= verse ; a view, in brief, which hesitates to receive the miraculous, not at all as impos- sible, but as insufficiently proven, the nature of the evidence being duly weighed and considered. In conclusion, I beg to assure my esteemed opponent that I do not "throw over the New Testament," or the Old either, but that I entertain the utmost reverence and regard for those noble monmments and records of the past. I have, however, ceased to idolize them, and no longer hold to the dogma of their absolute infallibility, either as to matters of history or doctrine. I have not, however, surrendered (and I never intend to do so) my right and privilege to quote the language of the Book, and to draw instruc- tion, reproof, or consolation from its pages, bearing in mind that it is subject to the same canons of criticism as other books, and that every reader is entitled, in the words of one of its ablest writers, to "prove all things, and hold fast that which is good." Yours, &c.;, F. CORNELL. Port Albert, July 22, 1885. 