SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB MEETING. The CntilfHil of course will be the attraction to racing men this afternoon, the occasion being" the March meeting" A very) inviting programme of half a dozen events is provided, come meeting at half-past with the Selling Race, and followed by the Hurdle 1 nee at a quarter past J Then comes the Oakleigh Handicap, at 4 o'clock which is likely to attract a large field, probably numbering 20 in On tenon Stakes has been reduced to nine, but the Steeplechase and South 'Yarra Handicap will each produce good fields the latter being timed for a quarter past 5 Special trams leave 1 Flinders street at 128, 1222, I'll, LI, and 1 di, all ordinary trains inn at a tennis-, us per time table The following is the programme and order of running - hingst mer, Of 60 8018 Xlic v winner to be old for nOO Six furlongs st lb Mr T rather on b b g by irblor I yrs till 1 Mr F Jones A I r,, Ilabcch II v all of Mr C s 11 irress oh I Anuiebv Jynt -0 i Mr b Millers I leave I Ler, yrs nil A 7 fixtures nature mer, 6500 sons, added to a sweep stakes of J sovs each Two miles st lb Mr J G Ward lit s firm Milieu a 8 v rs 1" 6 Mr H Chifney sir g Sun to v nor aKe 1 10 1 Mr W Luiicluy s bl li Hunter t vis a 1 Mr ' by H br h speaking Find Over Uli Mr 1) I met in a b m Hostlers Hulle aged ) Mr ( 64 css ock s br g Don Alonza i Girls I) rear 1 Catterson a his Warbler 4 yrs '2 Mr H Council) us br 11 rolls on I J drill or not it HAMMAT. Of "-0 sovs., with a sweepstakes of 6 sovs each a Id si The second 1 once to see so rd says an I t third J sovs from the best e Five furlong! and a half st lb Messrs Robertson I ros li or br f Helene, 3yrs b 0 Mr J G but I s ch g The Ghost, aged be Mr J Whittingham s ch h Ire plaster, 6 yrs s 2 Mrs Grimwood bril Man Mr aged 8 Mr I IA lisons (JIM) brou Aifti I yrs b 0 Mr F S W all races g f senior 4 v rs 7 12 Mr W E Dakin who Coningsby, 4 yrs 7 10 Mr A Saul s li g S directs G in 7.10 Mr A. HalinbourgsbcSt Lawrence 4 rs 7 8 Mr I A Long as she Carl uncle 4 ) rs 7 6 Mr L V I life s care Manfred J ira 76 Mr I Foulsham sch o Salvo, yrs 7 6 Mr 1 W sons (Jim lbs UpliaUet, 4) rs 7 4 Mr u It 1 Hartslif OvniKhano 4yrs 7 1 Mr C W. Dowman 8 br e Lavington, try rr 7 Mr I bolting a lucky hit yrs 7 Mr li Love soft line Love 4yrs 7 6 Mr T Jones' billabongs, 6yrs 912 Mr I H Hill to be Lah Lovelace, 8 water Mr S W Gillingham Hbf was tipped 5 yrs 7st Mr J biinsoiiuoh in Seaweed, 5yrs 6 4 Mr I G Hills in search 6yrs 2 Mr A Ilarvcysbor br ( Chloe 6yrs 1 - Mr S Miller's b " Mookra ara 0 0 Mr 1 Aitken's li (, Glitter lyn du Mr b Q Cooks I of Marie Louise 3yrs J .. U 9 am cnimtioK srncFS A handicap sweepstakes of 5 SOVS. each, with 200 sovs added for two year olds the second horse to receive 40 Sovs and third 10 sovs from the stake Five furlongs st lb Mr M Jacobs ch f lady Claudia . a 11 Hon L. L Smith s dif- Melodious 8 11 Mr M O'Shanassy's bro Hiht lillico 8 tion W I carson s b o 4yrs all 7 1 Mr S Millar 9 b f Ulalu no 7 I) Mr I Whlttingliunsihf Colts 7 7 Mr W Branch s ch c I could 7 7 Hon W Pearson n bro- Uoshurnor 7 7 Mr A bradshaw s b f Meet chair 6 0 HANDICAP Hll-elLKCIIAlF, Of 30 Sovs , added to a sweepstakes of 8 sovs each The second horse to receive 0 sovs., and the third 10 sovs from the stake Two miles and half st lb Mr W Noll n h g Denmark aged 11 8 Mr li Hatty I g or in g Deceiver aged 1112 Mr U S H vrrlsB b in fictitious aged 15 10 Mr W M I cod sible Midnight aged 10 . Mr G Glasscock's II g Bill managed 100 Mr It. He vic s I r g Union aged 9) 12 Mr A Johnson i ns b g Our died aged I) 10 Mr I O Reid's ch g Clifton aged D 8 Mr I M Nuiuarvs b g Muroppa 6 yrs or aged 11 7 Mr F Jones I rg Tandstlckol nearly 7 Mr J Watson's b g King John, aged 6 7 am SOUTH valued inivnHHr, Of 100 says The second horse to receive roses and the third 5 Sovs out of the stake One mile and a quarter st lb Mr G Davis' b m Catherine aged "86 Mr. A HarvevshrcMlddlemarcli 4 via 8 7 Mr J G Reid s eh in Grace Darling, 6 y on a 4 Mr J O Hunt ch g The Ghost and 7 lil Mr L W Elsum s b of 1 Little Sister, 4 v as 7.10 Mr I Wilson in (inn ) b o Meteor, 4 yrs . 7 6 Mr A Kerrison's br g Sir 1 struck yrs 7 6 Mr J W ilsun s Muir ) b g Alphabet 4 yrs 7 6 Mr J Jacobs I u Metal, lyra . U 12 Mr t II r Harry go Country noy,4yrs , Hill Mr (I Clajscp k s elie Distiller 4yrs . (I 0 Mr T Jones's br Hotel on lyra (IG Mr I liens) s bro- Gohanna 3 yrs 6 4 Mr J Hariierslie Unless D yrs 0 0 Mr H Ushers li g Miss l)rs GO Mr J Simson s bl li Sinking Fund G yes (I 0 RACING The entries for the Kilmore meeting are to be made to day On Monday nominators of horses in the principal events of the Cranbourne Racing Club should not overlook the necessity of de during before 1 p.m. to Mr Thos Hudson, the hon secretary, at 100 Bourke-street west. 'Iliegineral entries are due the same time The general entries for the Albury Racing Clubs meeting are to be made on Monday the nature and Moama acceptances and general entries fall due on Monday the settling at Howes s Tattersalls over the VA J C meeting will take place on Monday next, at 12 noon PLANTERS 1 LAI ANNUAL RACE S. The unsettled state of the weather deterred visitors from attending the annual meeting at littxters 1 but yesterday) consequently there was but a pool attendance. The following are the results Mr D Connolly s gr o Orlando, by Glorious now wreath 3yrs 7st (White) Mr J B) Patterson of m la), 6 yrs, 7st Gib (Meale) Mr T Jones's ch g Primus 6 yrs 6st 4lb (blair) II Mr C W Single r s ch c brunette aged, OsC''lb (J Sinclair) Mr M Kerr's b g Torrvinan aged 8st (Swallow) Mr C Wilson's b m Gardenia 6 yrs, 7st 12 (t Williams,) Mr J Simson's br g Minstrel c, 6yrs, 7st 10lb (I ever) Betting -I you on Gardenia 6 to 4 agst Primus, 4 to 1 against Orlando Mr Adams was not happy in getting his horses well away Gardenia closing scores lengths Orlando colours were the first to show, and he led all the way, winning by a clear length from Ma) who was half a neck in front of 1 miners who ran inside a post soon after starting times for 7s Homing M Ar HANDICAP, 01 OBORN. One mile and a half Mr C Wilson's b m Gardenia by King of the ltln"-HcttrdcLis 6 yrs 7st (1 Williams) Mr J Stinson 11 g Sunstroke 6yrs Tut (Wilson) Mr H Connolly s ch g Angler, age I, got (Gardiner) Mr I W Uuthunk s b g I larrikin aged 7st, carried I 7st 511 (bw allow) Mr I W Porridge s 11 in Lubra aged, 8st Dib, catricl7*-t II) (Ulah) Huttley oven on I systems Gardenia was the first to show in front, but on your hand into the straight f libra took up the run along and she left for l early a mile we bon Gardenia cattle to the front of an I won in a canter by three to gales with houses to be one and Antler, two lengths off third Time was 62s II UNDER' HURDLE RACE, Of sovs lake round Mr J G Held 9th g Clifton by Dangerous, aged, was can led list Dib (Hatty) Mr H W Burridge bril Disturbance, aged, 9st 7lb (Malone) Mr J Lyall's br or bk g Uiiidcklu, 6yrs, UA ( Loved r) Mr c Wilson s b g Canute aged 9st. 121 (Allan) Mr H Hulbert from Maori aged 9st "lb (Butter) 0 Hettrich - Lien on Cauutu 7 to 4 agst Clifton, 6 to 1 agSt Mam 1 Dibturl and went to the head of affairs and he led with Cup of half a-dozen lengthsman follow c 1 at a similar distance by clifton Hurd I In at d Maori In order for a mile and a half where the lea Iel retired, an 1 Canute took up the rum but, but rounding into the turn he ran off when Clifton was left with the lead and he won by half a dozen lengths from Dis turf ance and at a similar distance eating Httrdel in, third time in lbs MOHMNGTOV LADIES' BRACELET, a alias 20 sons Six furlongs. Mrs Carslake s ch g Primus by 1 rose Martyr Dis erection Oyrs list Kill) (Mr Tattersall) Miss A M'Michael a h li King Charles 5 yrs, list. 4lb (Mr button) Mrs Sinclair ch g Sonnctcor, aged list 121 (Vlr Sinclair) settlers -7 to 4 on I rims 7 to 4 agst lying Charles 6 to 1 latest Sonuctoor The trio jumped away on terms when Sonneteer ran to the lead with 1 units in close attendance line Charles lying four lengths oil lately in the line for home Britain was in front, and his,. Charles drawn" up to the reader but the favorite drew are in aid won cleverly by a length from lung Charles with conducted three lengths off, third Time, lm 21s COUNTY! PURSE RAVEN li, Of 0 Sovs One mile Mr H Sutton by King Charles, b) Talk of the Hills Princess of 1 russia brs. His late (Mr Tattersall) Mr J W season s g m I Carrucan, aged, 7st (T Williams 2 Mr W Kerr's b g ferryman, aged, 7st 10lb (bow allow) 8 Mr W Dull s ch g Eric the Red, aged, 7st 7lb (Wilson) 0 Mr C Wilson's b g Canute aged, 7st 4lb (M llalio») 0 Mr F W lerridgos br h Disturbance, aged, "7st 4lb (Blair) 0 Mr F W Unthank 3 br li Larrikin, aged, 7st 2lb (Unthank) 0 Mr T D Patterson ill in Ida), G yrs, 7st 2lb (Mea lo) 0 Mr J 1 Dumarasnsli f Estella, 3 by is, Gat 10lb , currhd7st,81b (Nylon) 0 Betting -Even on King Charles, 2 to 1 agst Canute Hannigan made all the running, King Charles catching, her a few strides from home and he won by a neck a length oil was Terry man third Time, for 921 THE GOULBURN It VCLS [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (From OUR CORRESPONDENT ) SYDNEY, TiiiDAT The Goulburn autumn race meeting commenced yesterday 'The weather was fine but the attendance small The following, are the results - ] LAST DAY scours IHNDICVI training 1 II and his soon i I at a In the time In his VlirellN HANDICAP Most is 9st "lb. 1 Thakombau's 10lb - Hateley Oat 411 , J Seven started versailles Time "m. 1913 SELLING LATE. Deception 1 J values still . - J VA on easily Time 2 0?. LADIU MILE. I avon 1 king. Arthur tattoo 3 SECOND DAY FLYING, HANDICAP IturlitUovvcr 1 Zuleika llllOSSe .. J NOVEL BALL LINE RICE Harold 1 Uncle had - Happy as I TOlVV MATE. A ~ Thakombau r- a. l Balmoral 2 Happy. Jack 2. J Av. on easily Time 21 4-5s at VM STAND HANDICAP Undo lied 1 Ajax . i Tattoo . . ~ ., J FORCED HANDICAP Deception 1 Haven Happy Jack 2. J HIL j\\\j\L,I0N SALES (BY THE LOCAL n rooM Out CoiiitEsroNDtsi ) KYNETON FRIDAY The following are the acceptances for the Kyneton races - HURDLE HACK. Scobeloff I may file. Brown Nell Finlay Britisher letor KVNLroN UANDICA! Anglesey Curb made a stir Athenian Mr tcrv Mabel cray Miles lion lion Merry little DISTRICT HANDICAP Athenian Minter) Jimmy Mona J~~l LAURISTON HANDICAP Anglesey and uncle Agatha I commit Mabel Gray a asco Itoclict Bon Star Merry Kins Hash of Light Richard Hampstead ning LADIES IÎHACCL7T Athenian shown Nell Mona Gladstone Sky lark hlngllihcr The following are the entries for the HU I INO BACK. Mr Con told a Mhel, £40 Mr E in s Fair Nell (nil) Mr Winston s Skylark (not to be sold) Mr Sheehan a Jimmy (nil) Mr tion era l)ac,uiouth, £20 Mr UoiorulUtKoticuioks £20 Mr Harris for I held, in) Mr Casey's looked (nil) Mr Irasorsbir charles £10 Mr Henson s Kingfisher (ml) LIST NEWS PINK CUP 'The following, horses accepted yesterday for the above handicap, to be run for on St Patrick v Uuj - st Ib The Bohemian labors Corunna Mentmore M led Marie YOUNG Yellow Hammer Grace Darling Ino eliott Ironin utter Amelia Victoria Meteor All labor Lavington Salvo MILIOV RACES The following are the weights - lIllllDLK RACE. He. first lb Angler , In 1 > Pride of the Hills 11 10 Concordia 7 Sir Samuel I) 7 Sprightly 0 10 1 Canute "07 MI MON HANDICAP 6 kill Amelia Victoria 8.10 Acu 8 7 Impulse 3 U Moore 7.10 Honora 7 11 Hannibal 7 I) Mookra lies brides Imikdaw . OcUU " Amelia Victoria ü 0 1\. rette 8.10 Hannibal 8 2 to join a 0 Jluimv 7 U moved Mine! Oct 7 10 Mernmlet 7.10 st lb Jimmy . "8 Hesperides s 7 0 Queen Bess is U Valley QUCLII 0 7 Gardenia C 7 Gardenia Orlat da Derision Oclsta .. Albanus . Derision Valley Queen G VOWLES, Handicapper March 18 MOUNT MORGAN RACES The following are the weights 10 7 Egerton's forlorn Don , Caller Ou Acrobat I libra Jersey Moscow Uczlquo Havelock Egerton . , 1) 10 Forlorn STEVV Aims' rises. at lb Don Caller Ou Moscow Havelock General Scobeloff March 14 Star , 7 Half-caste 7 Dezlquo 7 Horse. 7 Iieeswlog 0 1 Amos 0 1 franklin 0 6 Vow LES, handicapper PIGEON SHOOTING MELBOURNE, GUN CLUB The Mentone, Cup ho 2 have our keen dispose of the Shooting, yesterday was confined to sweepstakes of seven Iris each the first of which was divided 1 city con Messrs. W J Henderson and J Stephenson as follow we Mr vi I Henderson 21 yds 11 1,1111 7 Mr 1 Step) oiKon 25yds 11111,11 7 Mr T M Cree 54 y Is 1 I 1111 0 (J Mr W Sayer 81. yds 11 01 OF Mr J G Holortnoii JOjds 3000 Mr J Sheldon a li Is 1 11 1 0 It Mr Q In] filly C J is 01 1 1 1 II A second d it to stakes of seven birds followed, with the re untapped le I - Mr W baler II. v Is 11 1 1 1, 1 7 Mr J Steel sition iii j da 0111111 is Mr 1 It nielson yds 1915-16 S Mr I C Robertson JO j da 101,110,11 Mr I SI edon J) Is 0 1 0 It Mr O lci|li 10 yds Oil FOR Mr J M Craze -Ijda 111.0.10,11 When the next quarter opens there n ill be home now trophies to compete for UPPER YARRA AMATEUR REGATTA The name of enter for honours amateur Duramen ful i a place on the Upper Yarra this afternoon This regatta was inaugurated when all the races at the association meet ropes were thrown open to the ' morning labour oarsmen and the ' amateurs, deem ing themselves rather than trapped by the museum it ii(lviiiitiie,ei possessed by their oppo- really thought it desirable to hold meetings in which the contests were confined to those whose occupations placed them more on an equality The programme for today consists of a Maiden 1 right, for which there are (five entries the Mercantile Electic Telegraph Yarra Yarra, Melbourne, and Victoria the Melbourne and Victoria are the only two entered for the Junior Four whilst the Melbourne ( in Victoria and Melbourne meet in the Maiden Clinker Four The Seniors our should be one of the most interesting events of the day as it Wendouree will be tried by a strong crew from the Melbourne in addition to their former opp ments from the Victoria. the Maiden Pair brings out representatives from the Yarra Yarra. Banks and Barwon and the Maiden bells from the Ballarat City), Albert Park Melbourne City Richmond, and two from the Yarra y air As two crews only can compete in it In it the events must follow close upon one another and in others are not to be allowed to drive, us too office bearers intend enforcing the strictest punctuality A reserve furnished with sitting accommodation has been erected on a point of the river nearly opposite Brander's I area from which favourable view of the contests can be obtained for some distance I lie races start at Princes bridge and passing the reserve, finish at the baths corner ROWING NOTES The several inter- colonial crown are very busy preparing for their race on the 25th April TI o Victorian crew have contin led Heir practice unh terrill totally for home till cal 1 are showing, signs of the foremost. Through the courtesy of the Commissioner of Customs is Mr Ross obtained the use of the land oh Conn us sioner and accompanied the crew of the Saltwater River on Saturday last. Starts if from tltoloatdhcl on the Upper Yarra they rolled down to the Star works thence up to Footscray and then turn he" went up the lower river homewards Her. little fast work was done the men resume, on an average about 30 to the islands Concerning the roi me, for two four and soon would all look better if they finished the workmen straight backs and heads up is of still wants steadiness He is I inclined to hurry on the stroke of a rd Di Mr with his son is away from his chest the latter fault bells also amounted 11th Nos I and I ho 1 does lot 1 n" I Is shot 1 lers out sufficiently and consequently the his son No 4's v rising all over the boat and folio is his own ith his left shoulder His ite these are effectives the crew, taken altogether dish of very fair form and the faults are all such as a little more coaching, may remove The Sj dues crew have been obliged! to choose another emergency in times of Mr Bourke who according to the S) drive pa) crs, refuses to row unless he is city on a permanent beat in the boat The liilecnsland crews was made several alterations. P Hardgrave has retired and cry on place to Hughes of the baum club (1 smut in last), and J M Intosh of lie Hi l mo Club has been replaced by 1 Loud, of the changing point and the order of the crew is at prestent considered Is - Dean, bott Haynes, -, 1 hobo 1, (Sunni 4 O'Connor, 6, Hand, G, Pinches 7 and W Inter still e The Tasmanian crew is definitely settled and comprises class- W H Cundy, bow is Westbrook, d, 119 Stuart SAM Stuart 4 W H Stuart 5 h 1 Whole 0, T Robinson 7 A F Sharland stroke Emerger closed Todd and O Ospvvood Report speaks well of the New South Welsh, Queensland, and Tasmanian crews, so that the meeting of the four colonies on the Parramatta is likely to rank in importance next to the races of Hanlan and Beach in our aquatic history Unfavourable comments are made upon the selecting committee's choice of Mr C Allen a comparative unknown and untried man, as emergency for the Victorian crew, to the delusion of a number whose performances give them a preferential down to the position fault is likewise found at the crew taking Norman Young as coxswain as it is generally thought he has board) has striking experience Diereis Conover, a dearth of coxswains post closing the requisite skill combined with light less if body, and the committee are therefore hunted in their choice A start has been made amongst the schools for the annual race for first crews which Lilies i lied in May next The Scotch, Police in 1 Mell nurse (. i mining School crew is as we already as -wared on the river laiQitrablo reports are given of Mr Upwards pro- gress towards recovery from his attack or typhoid I fever and James Edwards who had a sharp him a few days ago, is now about as well as over aACIUINL. WITS A Corinthian race between Mr Barker's cutter Assegai and Mr. I W Lush left is to take place this afternoon at half-past 2 The pi Ice is a pew for, presented by Mr J J blillhiiglavv and the course the same as that fixed for the last MctorliYacht Club race, on sail area course, starting from the St Kilda pier The sailing constituted of the Y Victoria Yacht Club I will be called to gether on an early) date to fix the conditions and entries for a second race on the wall area measurement. A few of the members of this club met at dinner on Tuesday evening to discuss in a general way yachting matters and gathering as an initiative one was very successful, and oned deavour will be made to hold a small meeting about once a fortnight The St. Kilda and Brighton Yacht Clubs propose holding a rendezvous off St Kilda next Saturday if remain So soon as the) adit owners have blighted their condamine a programme will be arranged The Red Gauntlet was telegraphed as continuing her cruise from Sydney on the 10th last Portland has been favoured by a visit by Mr Cain ginghams yacht the Enchantress, which put into harbour on the and out, and did not call again till the bill just. BRIGHTON YACHT CLUB A handicap race for prizes to the amount of £8 8s will be held at Brighton this afternoon As the race is open to yachts of the St. Kilda Yacht Club, an exciting contest is looked forward to The following are the entries and time allowances -Mr L) Wilds Alarm, 14th Y c, lengths ft 6in time allowance in Messrs McBean and Lush s Sisters m C, 2'it, Gill Mr W L)ndl« Hrcono 23 A C 2'ft Jim Mr A Black Ailsa, Ik Y c bit him, Mr. H Curran Dolphin, B W. -Oft., 7in , Messrs M Rule Bros.' Cygnet, U V C, jilt Gin him , Mr J W Alice a Helene, BY 0 , 24ft 6in , Ryan Messrs Kay Bros ' Waterwitch St. H Y 0 Jilt 2in scratch Mr L, Meyer B Camilla, by Iv Y C, Mr Oin . scratch Mr. J Iverr*« Daphne bt K You 23ft., 6in Mr H W Whitehead's Snowdrop bt K Y C Just in Gjm live race starts from the now pier at half-past 1 p in and the competitors are to go three times round the usual course KIDS NO AMATEUR YACHT CLUB The second match for a trophy presented to the above club by Messrs Little and Co , will take place at Albert park late this afternoon at 3 o'clock clock, Start ing from the club moorings, opposite Edwards s boat house The following are the yachts entered, with thoirrespoctivustation» -Mr Ulm's Navigator, No 1 station, Mr Bln"oa Wanda, No 2, Mr Turner's Hello No 3, Mr Cooke Kellie, No 4, Mr blab backs Cygnet, No n. 