Our Canoe Upon the Darling. XI. WENTWORTH (CONTINUED). .Some idea of the the trafilo on this river may ho gathered from the following statistics. Tn oonse quonoe, however, of tho 1884 season being a very dry ono the Darling was( only open for a very brief period, and tho "imports " consequently aro of less than half tho valuo of the last six years' average : 1883 to 1884. Value of imports from Victoria avid South Aus tralia (Darling Uiver only), about ... ... JG253,000 Valuo of exports to Victona aud South Austra tralia (Darling River only) ... ... ... £1,350,000 Number of bales of wool consigned to Melbourne 13,478 Number of bales of wool consigned to Adelaido 46,297 Tho following figures may also bo interesting : Aggregat o Tonnage . ? . . ? '.' with ' 1883 to 1884. ' Barges. Arrivals of steamers from South Australia 157 ... 17,781 Arrivals of steamers from Victoria* ... 26... 8,389 Arrivals of steamers coasting (that is, from ports on Murrumbidgee ana New South Wales side of Murray)... ... ?- ... 27... 4,096 Number of steamers entered outwards for South Australia .... » .:. 167 ... 21,665 Number of steamers entered outwards for Victoria . ... ... ... ...66... 12,969 Number of steamers entered outwards coasting. . ... ,\,. ... 15... 1,455 Totals. ... ... ... i ... 448... 66,355 ? ? ' "' '? i . ? Our. first duty was td" rolaunch the Bunyip and take tier round; to a builders' yard to be renovated and refitted for her long voyage under canvas, it being now necessary to fit her-heavy iron fin, draught of water.being no longer an objection, and new steer ing gear was necessarybef oro she would be handy and safe undor sail. ! ¡ After assisting to get her housed and dismantled for a complete overhaul, wo proceed to inspect the olby and secure quarters; - The five years that have elapsed sinoe Bunyip No. 1 "first bore us to this hospitable shore, havo certainly witnessed substan tial improvements both in and about Wentworth; but still as far as outward evidences condu'oe to show, her progress has been by no means as rapid as that of other towns in the colony dess sfavorably situated. This depression is principally due to the dryness of the back" country ; but perhaps : she may yet como with a rush and win the Föderal Cup hands down. As but a short period has elapsed since Wentworth was fully illustrated and described in the columns of the JOURNAL, a detailed description would be superfluous, suffice it therefore to remark that as a business town it ranks only second to Hay, among those called at by the 'Bunyip." Like that city, it also boasts a commodious gaol, which we were contented to inspeot from the outside only. The court-house and public school are suitable buildings, but with the exception of what promises to be when completed a centrally situated and elegant little post and telegraph office, these institutions being at pre sent divorced to opposite extremities of the town, to tho great inconvenience of the public ; the other Government buildings aré not imposing, Prominent from ita isolated site is a very creditable Me ohanios' Institute, but perhaps, from an architectural standpoint, the Church of England, whioh, with a fine large parsonage attached, occupies a command ing position, takes the palm for strength and beauty. Few, if any, Australian towns of the importance bf Wentworth contain such a small number of hotels. However, the "triumviato'* of bonifaoes maintain well-conducted and commodious houses, one being an establishment not often surpassed, for quantity and quality of accommodation, out of Sydney. Three or four large stores, wholesale and retail, besides.a draper's, two saddlers', and several minor businesses do a fair trade, and two bank branches of the Joint Stock and Commercial supply financial requirements. Durintr tho next two or three days we were actively employed in assisting and directing tho overhaul of of our little Argos. However, on our second evening of our sojourn we found time to row down the river with Mr. James, a gentleman whose acquaintance we had made on board the Ruby, on which he was tem porarily a passenger. Passing the junction we'ar rive a fittle below at Mr. Gurney's gardens, situated picturesquely on the crest of the steep bank. Al though' the season was too far advanced 'for many varieties, Mr. Gurney exhibited,, with justifi able pride, samples of what salt-bush country fairly cultivated ,and irrigated could produoo in the form of fruit, ' equal, if not sur passing, any that we haye seen in the metropolitan marketa .of Australia. Colossal pumpkins, Brob dighagian marrows, and. ponderous melons we pass unheeded-have not their praises already boen sung ad, nauseam?-but tho magnificent show of grapes that still cluster thiokly among the leafy branches of the wonderfully vigorous and healthy vines command attention and challenge.comparison. One huge bunch of musoatels must have weighed 91b, while others that would have turned the scale at two-thirds of that weight seemod quite numerous. On one vine, the precise variety of which has esoapod our memory, the individual grapes seemed little inferior in size to ordinary damsons, and- would certainly if exhibited have taken a prize on that aooount alone. Figs, as at Tandan; also flourished in profusion, ono variety tasted being of exquisite flavor. DOWN THE RIVER AGAIN. , At last the Bunyip, resplendent in a coat of emerald green, her decks being of an ivory tint and streak, and bright work varnished, is again ready for sea ; and after breakfast on the morning of the 25th of Fobruary wo make all plain sail to a gentle breezo, and bidding farewell to the few friends who witness our departure cross the lowored punt chain, and with a fair but rapidly slackening ourrent drift slowly down stream. Once on the broad bosom of the river, wo hope to make better headway, but the gentle air drawing nearly ahead prevents us from obtaining muoh benefit from our white wings. All day long we are passing a continual succession of wooding oamps, an ample stock of neatly piled stacks out on Bpeo. in various lengths to suit the requirements of all furnaces* being evidently pro vided for the busy time ahead. About mid-day the Ruby passes us on her way " down: to Morgan, and shortly after we, in our turn, overhaul her while engaged in taking in wood; but she speedily again shows us her stern, and we soo her no more until arriving at that port. Our progress as yet having been of tho slow and sure order, we determine to keep going until a satisfactory distance was covered. Jusl before sundown we pass the Ana-branch atation, and pressing on in the clear moonlight arrive oloso to Morna station at about 10 p.m., where, crying " hold, enough," we tie up for the night. -V.M . A very strong head wind next morning considerably retards progress, arid in endeavoring to beat, oven under close, reefed canvas, we have Beveral narrow escapes from capsizing, and ship a lot of water, so are forced to stow the sails until the weather moder ates. For a wonder, up to the present, we had encoun tered no snakes ; but we had hardly got to work with the paddle in earnest this morning when we notiood one. Bwimming right towards us hardly tho length of the paddle off. . Having considerable way on the canoe, she; shot past rapidly; but "gettingabout" promptly we got our small bore to bear very quickly; and. a good peppering of No. 6 at very, short range, completely placed, his snakeskin hors, de combat. Shipping our slippery- antagonist aa a trophy we found it to be a brown banded or tigor Bnako (HoplocephaluB ourtus), a very venomous and belligerent variety. It measures about 3ftr whioh is rather above the average length of this species. The breeze moderating about noon,-we again made sail, and many of the bends of the river being favor able, found canvas or rather light duók a material assistance. . . Arriving at Ned's cornet,' the rather' peculiar designation of a very extensive pastoral property on the Viotorian side, we land to renew our store room, which we had omitted to'do before leaving town. The station, like all others on this .[Bide of the river that we had yet ' passed,'was a very unimposing cluster - of cottages situated on a sandy rise on the edge of the blue bush plain ; the only remarkable feature was a raoe cou^Be, on whioh several horses were being trained for the approaching annual raoing festivalat Wentworth. - * - - -l"'/'.? ; The weather havinga very threatening appearance, we did not go muóh further, camping- early in the evening in oompany with two hand-paddle craft, in whioh were'two rabbiters with their dogs and traps, were making their way down the' river irito South Australia. Taking time by the forelock we transfer the bulk of our cargo into One of the covered-inpaddle boats, and arrange* the oanoe for sleepirigin,^spreading an awning over the well ; it was well we did so, aa with out any,warning it oommericed to rain heavily, and kriookirig off only for brief intervals; continued throughout the. whole night ;' however, considering tho very cramped position, and the utter impossibility of turning, over without Biting up, wev were pretty fairly off, arid swinging the little hurricane lathp, ?read until sufficiently sleepy to ensure repose. . ; " It'was late next morning before we got under weigh; but a good stiff fair wind promised to fully make amends for loss of time, but on preparing to start wo found that tho shrinking of the jokelines had 'hopelessly carried away the foot-steering gear, thus' 'rendering it impossible to carry the large mainsail. Maintaining a good speed for seven or eight hours wearrive at the woolsheds belonging to Ned s Corner, but after a brief spell to stretch our legs, we resume the willow, and about, eight o'clock pass the mouth of the Rufus Creek, a. wide channel oonneoting Lake "Victoria; one of the largest sheets" of .fresh water in the1,colony, with the river.. A': little below, being ;tired out, we run the canoe ashore on a sandspit and tie rip for tho night. ^ > , f ;'At dawn of day, the Gem, the largest and fastest paBBônger boat on tho rivors (till lately employed in the mail service between Morgan and Wentworth): arousea us from our slumbers by the rapid beat of her -powerful paddle floats, and after disposing of a hasty or rather soanty breakfast, wo re-ship our impedi menta and make fresh tracks down stream, arriving at noon at Tamborough, the head station of Lake Victoria run, a niöo-loöking, comfortable home stead. Renewing our supplies at tho store, and roslstmg a pressing requisition to dispÓBO of our travelling companion Lassie for "filthy luore " we : again hit ont, and about an hour's paddling brought us to the Devil's Elbow, a sharp and very picturesque angle of tho river j a high red cliff streaked with veinB of light " altered Blate," and mottled with tawny yellow, lightly fringed on its summit, about 90ft above the level of the water, with saline sorub and herbs, formed the background of the view, the base of this steep wall being girt with a dense belt of oane grass, which also surrounded a verdant little island, which evidently at no distant period had been " out off " by a newly formed channel, considerably improving the naviga tion. Landing to obtain a sketch, we had hardly got through with the preliminary pencil-sharpening when tho steamer Tyro, a craft outwardly more resembling a harbor tug than the class of boats generally in uso on the river, makes her appearance round the corner of the elbow, aid gives life to tho scene, as she glides past on her way up stream. THE AUSTRALIAN RHINE. Our sketch hoing completed, we paddle round the elbow, selecting the old andrapidly silting-up bhannel round the roedy, thickly-wooded islet, possibly tho one followed hythe earliest navigators of the " Aus tralian Rhine, Captains Sturt and Cadell. Behind the island is a large partially submerged Bwamp, on whioh several spurwing plover and a few white spoonbills aro scattered j however, larger game attracts our attention, as, observing a large pelican sailing about in single '' cussedness,"! we arm om ourselves, having loaded the 20-bore with a ohargc of No. 4, our heaviest Bhot, and Buooeod, aftei much patient stalking and making a wid( detour, in getting within rango ; fron behind a tree trunk we . oan seo hin gliding slowly along the margin of a shallow pool nol more than fifty paoes distant ; aiming for the head an( nock the tripper is touched, and after an awkwarc and ineffectual attempt to get on the wing, poo: "pelioanus oonspicillatus " , waddles staggorin¡ ashore, and drooping his olumsy headpiece* with it ouriously expansive and capacious bill on tho mudd; "bank, gives up the ghost without further protest On soouring our prize we found him to be a regula old warrior, as bosides several shot holes lon healed up, there was a hole evidently made by a rifl bullet in his pouch. After ascending the cliff and having a good view c the tops of the gum trees, we were preparing to em bark when another steamer bound down stream an having two barges in tow heaves in sight. On dra-n ing alongßido she proves to be the Moira, and as, sh is rather a slow boat, we keep alongside of her witl out difficulty for some distance, one of tho hands o: the Golconda, the largbst of tho two barges,'suggesi ing that we should make fast and tow behind.'- Wo ran ashore to pick up the dog whioh had been'follow ing us along tho bank since leaving the " elbow " and bend bur tow line. : Meanwhile, hoWover, the steamer had obtained a long start, audit was only by most strenuous efforts that wo succeeded" in' over hauling her. Just as success seèms certain-scrreee rith-wo run on a sand'spit,'and no sooner clear ofi this .than hugging the shore too closely,, wo are "hard arid fast" again. By the time1 that we; get ' clear1 bf it, the steamer has nearly half a mile start of us again, and . although wo strain every nerve, for another, three miles, steam asserts its superior staying power over muscio, and ' finding that we can only hold our own, aro reluctantly compelled to relinquish tho §' ursuit." A few miles beyond, the sun having long; ippéd, we nioor !at the' camp of somo hospitable fabbiters. Making nh earlier start than usual," we keep/the paddle1 going pretty briskly until arriving; at Lindsay's cliffs, where à oouple of fine wheat ricks' garnered from a large paddock running back from the crest of the cliffs attracts notice. ; v'Mr. ; Wilkinson, the proprietor, stated that ho had threshed bri tho averagé thirteen bushels of grain to the abré j' and that he was tho only wheat-grower in the district; having two hundred aoros undor ' that cereal this! season. ;; '-'v J':r "V ?.':,, Towards evening we pass the imaginary ' line run ning-due north . and south that/divides Victoria and New South Wales from South Australia j and arriving at the " reoeipt of Customs", for that colony, are politely requested to haul alongside for inspection, the Bunyip being covered in fore and aft in a most suspicious manner. On ascertaining the nature of her oocupation, Mr. Baker, the'officer in charge of tho station, passes the Bunyip after a cursory examina tion, and invites tho crew to aooept his hospitality, a pleasant evening, enhanced by Mrs. Baker's musical contributions, being passed, ; . 'V - : ' ? "I'm sairously thinkin' o' gaun back tae Scotland. Whiles I'm fashed wi ' a' . the -graundeur 1 o' ma life: hero, I yearn like fui'the« freedom an'! oatmeal o' the Hielans. It's true there isna muoklo oxoitement there.'- I mind that Dunoan, ma gran'feyther refused tae let an English doohter, ' wha, was touring in the Hielans ano summer, cure him o' the itoh, on the; ground that he enjoyed a good soratoH", an' had nae-1 thing else tae dae when he sat doon in the evenin' by the ingleside after wark wuz done. I'm no carin' fortho itch masel'as a form o'_ pleasure, but it wud do meguid tao soo them stare atme at hame in a' ma fine ciaos an' ma oeovilized airs an' gracesY Tho puir, vulgar bodies, what a treat I'll be tao them ! They'll tak'the alucé humble Peter fdr a laird, at tho verra loo&ti;'- ? . 