LECTURES -« DR JEFFERIS ON DRESS AND ADORNING The Rev. James Jefferis, LLB., delivered at the Con- forces Ubniil Church, Pitt-street, last evening, the third of a series of lectures on " Spinster Life," dealing particularly with " Dress and Adorning." The congregation numbered fully 2000, and was composed to a very large extent of young men and young. Women. Dr. Jeiteum said To-night I lecture to young women on "Dress and Adorning.'' I approach my subject with some degree of diffidence, since it is one not often dealt with, and by many considered altogether outside the Christian teacher's province ; but I have been strengthened in my purpose by knowing that there is a great deal of Scriptural exhortation, in very plain language, about dress. If Christ and the prophets and apostles spake on the subject, it is not only permissible for me, but it is my bounden duty, to expound their teaching; and so I ought rather to apologise for not having dealt with it before than offer any excuse for dealing with it now. Besides this, I have observed that very many of the ancient and modern writers, from Pinto and Epictetus down to Carlyle and Horace Bucknell], have discussed the philosophy of clothes. ' As to the early Christian writers, Clement, Tertullian, Cyprian, " and the rest, they inveighed, as we may suppose they would, against the luxurious dress of the daughters of the wealthy but decaying empire of Rome. Nor will you, I think, confide] in the severe oil accctic or critic if I say that an excessive fondness for di eng and ornament is characteristic of very; many of the daughters of Bl stain to-day. How can I pass through the leading thoroughfares of the city in the later afternoon without seeing clear and visible tokens of this prevailing vanity ? How can I read the description of the yearly carnival in Melbourne on Cup Day without know- ing that the chief attraction is not the Pacific, not even the gambling, but the costly splendour of the ladies' dressed ladies whose wasteful extravagance deserves just rebuke. " They toil not, neither do they spin, and yet Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of those" Let me say, however, that our age is by no means as bad as many that have gone before it. It would be difficult for a prophet of to-day to deliver such a homily as Isaiah delivered to the Hebrew, women. The vocabulary of our language fails in setting forth the articles of luxurious attire which are given in his 3rd chapter. I could quote you from the early fathers evidence too ample that even Christian ladies of the 3rd and 4th centuries were apparel that would be deemed shameless . now. The fashions that prevailed in England not a hundred years ago were a parody on human nature, and I venture on the other hand to express the opinion that the usual , dress worn but a few years back by English Indies was more in harmony with the requirements of art and the necessities of life than almost any ever before sanctioned by general custom. AJrcudy, alias ! a change has set in. Fashion, the imperious despot-enemy of net, and comfort, and health has issued her mandates, and one has to fear from tendencies already begun that we may shortly witness the reign of ugliness and bizarre. I shall commence my homily, us it is fitting I should, by asking you to look with me but some few of the teachings of Scripture. You have read in the Old Testament of the singular ,bctluoUial of the spinster "(Rebekah to the bachelor Isaac. a trusty' servant had been despatched to the old house and kindred of A-bi chain across the desert to seek the) of a wife for his son. He found the inside Rebekah, in I answer to prayer, and won the coast rd of her family and herself on behalf of his young master. Then we are told how' he brought forth vessels of gold and jewels of silver | and raiment, and gave them to Rebekah. She was to be married to the son of a great shock, and so she >uisap profited as became a prince>s..daughter. But it was not till after the long sojourn of the Hebrews in Egypt that the taste for these was fully developed. "When the sanctrr.uy-'-AVaa to be erected in the desert, during , their' 4.0 'years' wanderings, the gifts and the skill of the women were put in requisition. They brought their bracelets and earrings, amidships and Roberts, told jewels of " gold, and gave them freely. And those who were skilled in the art of spinning and of needlework-skill doubtless gained in making their own dress and the furniture of their touts-brought blue hard nut pro and scarlet and fine linen, and goals' hair, wioiigLt otto embroidered hangings for the sanctuary.., Another phase doubtless came with the establishment of the kingdom, and especially during the reign of Solomon, when the skull of the Tyriaiis, renowned through all the nations of the Mediterranean, was employed in the furnishing of the Temple and the King's Palace. It is then that the Hebrew poet laureate Rings of Solomon-" All thy garments smell of myrrh and aloes and cassia," and of his bride the daughter of the monarch. ''The king's daughter within the palace is all glorious ; her cloth- ing is in wrought with gold. She shall be led unto the king in raiment of bibidcicd'woik." But the highest plane of all, with the beauty and splendour, is seen in the virtuous woman of the Proverbs, whose household life is depicted with such grace and tenderness. She rises with the dawn, and prepares the food of tlie'houseiiold. and southern tasks to her maidens, She looketh well to their ways, and careth not the bread of idleness. But site has no thought, Uko too many of the daughters of Britain, that domestic work carries with it any sense of degradation. She. worketh with wool and flax by distaff and spindle'. Her household is clothes with garnishes that defy the cold. Her own raiment is fine linen and purple. "What wonder that her husband is known in the water as he silloth among the elders of the land. What wonder that he praiseth her saying, " Many daughters have done virtuously., but thou excellent them till. Not long after set in the age of lunacy and e_euiiiincy which iVninh so sternly rebuked, the days when the land was full of silver and gold and treasure, when the Daughters of Zion were haughty and walked we will stretched forth necks and wanton eyes, walking and mincing as they At cut. And you may road at large how the Lord declared that he would take away the bravery of their anklets and cards and crescents, their pendants and bracelets' and mliiHcis, their, head tires and reside chains and sashes, their perfume boxes and amulets, and nose jewels, their festival robes and. mantles and shawls and satchels, their hand minors and fine linen, and ribbons and veils, For a terrible doom was at hand. "War was approaching, in which their mighty racial would fall by the sword, and when for the women, instead of their sweet perfumes there would be a stench, instead of their braided hair there would be baldness instead of silken attire a girding of sackcloth, and Sunburnt faces instead of beauty. You see the lesson of the story. '. Wealth, splendour, luxury, effeminacy, was toliness, and then war, enptivityvdogrudation., It has been a thousand times- repeated in the history of the world Babylon, Egypt, Nineveh, Tyre, Carthage, Greece, Rome. They fell when the heart of the nation had been weakened by self-indulgence, when the men had become cowards through sloth, and the women wan- ton through ease. . And no more clear and evident token is there of " the approaching downfall of a nation than the tilly foppery in the dress of men and the meretricious finery in the dress of women. The counsels of Christ are few upon this point. Perhaps the Jewish women, with their land subject to Rome, had learnt simplicity and moderation. The bids those who are anxious to take no thought for raiment," for Ho who Clothes the grass and paint the lily will clothe His people in their time of need. By which, I understand, What God, by His providence, if only we trust Him, engages to provide for us a sufficiency of appin cl. You are all familiar with the expressive and beautiful words of St. Paul and St. Peter, which I commend to your thoughtful attention is the clear teaching of the New Testament scriptT es on the subject of dress, i St. Paul says, " I desire that women adorn themselves in modest apparel, with shainofastiiess and sobriety, not with braided hair, or gold, or pearls, or costly raiment, but which bottomless women professing godliness with good works." And St. Peter says. " Whose adorning, let it not be that outward adorning of plaiting the hair and of wearing jewels of gold, or of putting on of apparel, but let it be the incor- suitable apparel of a meek and quiet spirit, which is in the sight of God of great price." You may interpret this very "liberally, and think as the Moravians have done, and the leaders of the Salvation Army have tried to do, that these two grave apostles absolutely interdict all costly raiment and the ornaments of gold and silver ; or you may interpret it literally, as I do myself, and thin that their meaning was this-that their real adorning was to be from chin actor, and not from dress, that their life was to be beautified by a meek and quiet spirit and the good works which spring from godliness rather than by any costly regiment they might put on and any gold and gems they might wear. Just us if, when looking upon our Queen in her royal robes of golden tissue, and wearing her crown, flashing with jewels, you should think that her adorning, after all, was not in these, but in the royalty itself of which they were but the symbol., and the loving esteem of 300 millions of people, esteem founded on nearly 50 years' experience of her virtues as a woman and her noble'qOulities as a sovereign. ' Adorning, then, is not only law is but right. Every woman' ought to be beautiful, and can be beautiful if she will but everything in its place, and the highest above all. The body is more than raiment, and the soul is more than both. "Well said Joan Paul Richter, with the insight of poetic genius :-" I know from my own experience, as well as from that of others, that a woman's lovely heart is completely lettuces all extend blots as an unlovely one does all personal charms and that a fair soul line at most only the first moment to di lead,- but a foul one the whole future. "Woman is the pearl oyster. Whether this be brilliant and many coloured or lough and drink from the place of its birth, yet the pure white pearl within alone gives it value." But what shall we say of those foolish women who depend for their beauty wholly on their coverings t For this beauty is not their own, but only the cast-off garments of sheep and worms, and the twisted hair and fibres of lowly plants, and the lustre of certain metals and stones dug out of the earth. Certainly oil this, by judicious display of form and colour, may please the eve but it is but a borrowed beauty, and she who lusts utter it has already lost the crowning glory of her womanhood. Dress indeed, may be a symbol of the soul, fire index of character, and to by its very loveliness may give glory to the wearer; but who thinks of this correspondence between the inner and outer life V For the most part, costly and beautiful dresses are merely something ordered and paid for in order to go early as ignoble vanity by outshining others. But how will you suffer me with cleurword and homely phrase to gather up my thoughts in certain rules or canons i respecting dress and adorning If For those I draw not only upon Scripture, but upon acknowledged maxims concerning the true and gentle life which are well nigh universally. admitted. Your clothing ought to promote health. Remember that the body, so fearfully and wonderfully made, is called in Scripture a temple of the Holy Ghost. You are required, then, to care for the body that it be kept in health and vigour, able to respond to all high sowings that are made ' j' on it as the symbol and organ of the indwelling soul. And this is to be done, not only by proper food and fitting exercise, but by appropriate dress. Any impediment to free action, any hindrance to the circulation of the blood, any obstacle to the full play of those internal organs which, minister to life, is a sin against the body. I am not speak- ing widely or at random. What numberless lives are sacrified by unnatural compression in order that a false and fashionable outline may be gained ! How many have absolutely destroyed their health, and rendered themselves unfit for the common and the higher duties, by this shameful sacrifice to custom. Wanntb, ventilation, freedom, purity regard these as absolutely essential to your dress. 2. Your apparel ought to have the charm of grace and beauty. Nature is always beautiful and when art comes to supple- ment nature, it is an offence and a contradiction when it does not strive to be beautiful too. As the earth bring forth her bud, so the bride adorned herself with her jewels ; or, as Coventry Patmore sings, in the song of a lover " Been out to the woman bows ; She walks In all its glory v claim ; And chief herself of cnithir.shows. Each other helps her, and is armed : ' No splendour 'neath the skies piont! dome But serves for her familiar w car The far-fetched diamond finds its home, Flashing and smouldering in her hair ; For her the seas their ports reveal ; i ' Art and strange lands her pomp supply With purple, chrome, and cochineal, Ochre and lips small." You may be in harmony with nature and the Divine intent by arraying yourself with a grace and beauty.; or you may sin against nature by extravagant finery, by "false com- binations of colour, by the overloading of ornament, by distorting the typical outline of the human body. Of the many common transgressions. I can select but one'. " God," saith the Scripture, made man upright, but hath sought out many inventions." One of his most diabolic inventions is to prevent women from walking upright by causing her to wear an instrument of torture for the feet. And to the same source, to the man- milliner-for surely no woman could have conceived it-I since that ghastly distortion of the human shape winch of to the tyranny of fashion has demanded in woman's dress. That she should lend herself to a custom which destroys all beauty- of form is to me, past comprehension. The fashionably-dressed girl of the period is in this respect a scandal and a warning. I beseeched, young women, in the name of Him who is beauty as well us wisdom, that you refuse to accept. ugliness is a passport into fashion- able life. Defy fashion where it so grossly sins. R of use to be at the mercy of your cordwainer or dressmaker. Rule them: do not let them rule you. A Christian woman at least should be free. Let the woman of the world, if she will, bow to the shameful yoke. 3. Your dress arid adorning should be in harmony with truth. Here I can lay down no rigid line. Your own conscience must be the arbiter. You need not indulge in over-scrupulosity. There are certain conventionalities which deceive no one. Do not be disturbed by these. The essence of falsehood is deceit. If you wilfully and deliberately deceive, you offend against truth. And as Ruskin says, " There are some faults slight in the sight of love, some errors slight in the estimate of wisdom ; but truth forgives no insult and endures no stain." Arid a lie may be us downright and inexcusable in dress or ornament us in spoken word. What falsehood there is in fabrics. In the Chamber of Deputies in Burra., as I saw by yesterday's paper, it was stated that " the fashion for I can silk tissues had passed, and cheap silks were in demand. in such silks much cotton was introduced ; indeed, in some cases inferior silk stuffs had been made, in which there was 80 percent, of cotton." You want to have a silk dress What could be better both for beauty and wear ? But you have not money for real silk, and so you buy a cotton dress with a silken lustre, and seek to palm it off as real. You want to wear gold and jewels. What could be morn" But your means are limited, and so you buy copper with a golden washing, and clear and coloured glass Unit looks like the diamond Enderby. Cheap jeweller by What young soul it rained in the school of Christ does not utterly disdain if? And there are other modes of false adorning. Cyprian rays, "The apostate angels first taught the daughters of men to print the eyes with blackness, to stain the cheeks with a deceitful) led, to dye the hair with false colours, and to drive out all truth both of face and bead by the assaults of their corrup- tion." We need not go back quite so far for the source of modem falsifies. There is quite enough to account for them in the too provident desire to emulate and outshine. A true-blue tea girl dresses to please, but how many there are whose chief aim is to stress the rest. Vanity leads into a whole labyrinth of fuKchood. 4. A fourth rule I will give you is this i dress in proportion to your circumstances. You may not believe-J do not myself that society is wisely divided into upper and lower, us if money or adventitious bank were the sole criterion of what is worthy. But we all of us occupy certain positions in a social scale. Some, for the sake' of example, are learned, and some are less learned. If any one of you, not having won University honours, were to put on the cap and gown of the girl graduate and call yourself Bachelor of Arts, how foolish, as well as false, "you would be. home again are rich, and some are not rich. If one of you possessed of little minds should spend it all on dr cabs, and appear in public like a lady of property, would not that, too, he fool ash and false P And yet how many do it How many servants dress like their mistresses ? How many young women, winning money by daily honourable toil, spend it foolishly and even dishonourably upon true clothes out of all keeping with their position. My thoughts go beyond this The richest among you may well think whether an undue proportion of your menus is not being spent on usurious attire. In every station there is need of thrift. I do not want to be a prophet of evil ; but let me tell you the prosperity of the colony is not always going to be at its present height. Our chief product, by which wealth has been created and trade and commerce kept in activity, has been for a year or two declining in value, and during the past week so seriously as to inspire many with four. I counsel you to be thrifty, one and all. The dark loom of hard times is upon the verge of the horizon. And then yet further, which of you Will be neglectful of the claims of charity, the wise hearted benevolence which is unions the highest duties of the Christian life ? What Ruskin said of English ladies will apply, though perhaps a less strongly, to you : " As long as there are cold and nakedness in the land around you, so long there can be no question at all but that splendour of dress is a crime. In due time, when we have nothing better to set people to work at it may be right to let them make lace and cut jewels ; but as long as there are any who have no blankets for their beds and no rags for their bodies, so long it is blanket-making and tailoring we must set people to work at not face." Take a real illustration, instead of one from imagination. This very week I was in the company of an old friend from South Australia, one of the wealthiest of our fellow-colonists. He has given large sums for the endowment of a University. He contributes to every wise effort of philanthropy, He gives uuuiiüei_Üy for the relief of the outcasts in London, and for the help of the deserted children in the cities of Australia. His wife, u cultivated being lish lady, true helpmate in all his benevolence, was by his side, dressed with simple grace, without one touch of splendour of nature. Simplicity and charity go hand in hand. Only by thrift can you give. Which then would you prof or- fine and costly dress and udotuingto the full extent of your means ; or to hear your Lord say at last, amid the plaudits of' Heaven : " For as much its ye did it to the least of these ye did it also to me." 6\. Just once concluding rule, which I will give in the words of Scripture, " Adorn A'ourselvos with modest apparel." Remember that you are English maidens. Remember that you are Christian maidens. Show clearly to all the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, which in the sight of God is of great price. For after this manner aforetime the holy women also who trusted in God adorned themselves." Here it is impossible to define and prescribe, but God himself is your teacher. Nature has surrounded you with a body- guard of modesty. Whatever would bring a blush to your cheek must be wrong. Whatever is doubtful you had better away with. If the insolence of fashion requires you at social parties to dress in a mode that in home life would be deemed shameless, refuse to sacrifice your modesty upon the altar of indecorum. Let it suffice for the savage to be half clothed and not ashamed. A refined civilisation and the spirit of true religion demand seemly and modest apparel. A corrupted civilisation, reckless of religious restraint, would have you go back to barbarism. In many ways the age is wanton. The banners between virtue and vice are being broken down. What hideous sounds are these that of late have reached from the old Country, like the mutterings of a distant and raging storm, or the groaning of a subterranean earthquake :- i " The world. . look round. I The world we're come to late, Is swollen hand AVllh perished generation, and their sins." You are young and innocent, and you may reply : " And is it so, and is the world 20 bud, "While I hear nothing of it through the trees The world was always evil, but 60 bad 1 " I Yes, so bad. And you in your maidenhood need to be warned. Keen within the safeguard of your innocence as in a pavilion O: God. Let your apparel be in keeping with your character. Every outward excess is a weakness, a breach in the walls. The love of dress, the false beauty of it-the love of ornament, the false glitter of it has been the beginning of ruin to thousands of girls. It is one of the herds of great cities, bad enough in London and New York and San Francisco, and equally bad, perhaps, in Melbourne and Sydney. Bear with me then in fervent appeal. I will express myself in the words of the apostle Paul, " I am jealous over you with godly jealousy; for I espoused you to one husband that I might present you as a pure virgin to Christ. But I fear lost by any means as the serpent beguiled Eve in his craftiness your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity and purity Unit is in Christ." And so I end my advice to you on dress and adorning. a 