Catljnlii intelligence. VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. {FEAST OF COKTUS OHBISTI. Thursday next, the Feast of Corpus Christi, will be a Holiday of Obligation. sr. PAIEICK'S CATHBDBAL. On last Sunday the Very Rev. Fr. CahQl, S.J., brought to a close tbe mission he had been conducting during tbe previous week. A large number of people attended the devotions in tbe evenings, and the many communicants on Sunday morning attested the great good Fr. CabiU's learned and zealous discourses produced. PENTECOST SUNDAY. High MasB was : celebrated in tbe presence of the Archbishop at 11 o'clock by the Bev. Dean Donsgby, with the Bev- P. J. Aylward as deacon, and Rev. M. P. Carroll as sub-deacon. After Mass his Grace imparted to the faithful the Papal Benediction. The choir rendered in admirable style Gounod's Mate Sohnntlle. NEW MISSIONARIES. Two young priests arrived from Ireland by the Ausi/ral for the Diocese of Ballarat. They were met in Melbourne by his lord' ship Dr. Moore and Rev. Fr. Rogers. MISSION AT ST. HILDA. A mission to be conducted by the Redemptorist Fathers will be commenced in St. Mary's Church on Sunday, 7th June, The first week will be devoted to the children only, and the second and third week to adults. Tbe services of tbe first week's mission will be—Masses at 7 and 8.30, Children's Mass at 9.30, High Mass andjeermon at 11, mission instruction for children at 3.30, Rosary sermon and enediotion at 7 p.m. DANDENONG FANCY FAIR, The wind-up of the Fancy Fair in connection with the Dandenong stall took place on Wednesday and Thursday at the Mechanics' Institute, DandenoDg. On Wednesday the hall was crowded. Several of the clergy from the.city and suburbs were present, and about,£70 was realised in the two nights. It is expected tbat fully £700 will be the result of the fair, which speaks well for the liberality of the people of the district. It is intended to hold a wind-up at PakenhBm, in connection with tbe Pakenbam stall, ail an early date. The winning numbers of the art-union will be found in our advertising columns. CATHOLIC SOCIETIES. The first annual reunion of the Altar Attendants' Societies of St. Patrick's Cathedral, St. Mary's (Hotbam), St. Joseph's (Port Melbourne), and St. John the Baptist's (Clifton Hill) was held last Monday (Queen's Birthday). Vested in soutahne and surplice, the Altar attendants, -to the number of about eighty, heard 8 o'clock Mass in the Sanctuary in the Cathedral, after which a' start was made for the.popular picknicing resort, Heidelberg. Having reached the scene of the day's pleasure, amusements of various kind were entered into. At the dinner the Rev. Fr. Carroll occupied the chair, there being also present the Rev. Fr. Ley bourne, 0.C.C., Rev. Fr. M'Gee, and Mr. T. Shortill, secretary of V.C.Y. M.S. Ample justice having been done fo the catering, a programme of . sports was gone through, the results being as follow:—Junior MaidenjRace.—G.May gar (St. Patrick's), 1\. Senior Maiden Race.—M'Donough (St. Joseph's), 1. Junior Handicap Race.— M. Eiley (St. Patrick's), 1. Senior Handicap Race—L. Weber (St. Patrick's), 1. The winners in the Tug <of War contests were St. Joseph's and St. Mary's; the football match being also won by St. Mary's. The thanks of the committee aire due to ! the Rev. Fr. O'Oallaghan, and the rev. gentlemen already named, for the practical Assistance they had given them in making everything pan off Successfully; Thus a most enjoyable day's outing'wab brought toii conclusion. : There was a very good attendance at tbe meeting 'of the Geelobg -Catholic Young Men's Literary Association oi) Friday evening, and Mr. P. : J. Wallace; .vice-president; 1 occupied the chkir. Arrangements for forming 4 gymnastic icjtass in connection with the society were !pft in tbe hands of the committee^for \- nBideration arid report. As some of. e members have neglected 4o 'return tbeir books within tha .time speoified by t^e,^' Monthly MagSzirie,'' towbiish tEere were the J fo." illoWirig contributions :— ' '^Editorial" aid'" Answers'to 06rref$>ondferit?,*' by tKe|Editor, Mr. J. F. Rahilly; ' "iGefelbAfe GefelOii Obrfip/' b^ «dmaahaun:" t poini v in did ivelleri" "Our Trip to Ballarat," by "Peter Simple;" "Why Mass is said in Latin," by "J. R . " How we won the Ladies' Bracelet," by " M. L. E.;" " Our Latest Trip," by "Doubt." The whole of the papers proved instructive and entertaining, and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Rahilly, the Editor, for his efforts, as since he has occupied the position the "Magazine" has become one of the greatest attractions of the society's meetings. GEELONG. (From our own Correspondent. J The half-yearly reception in connection with the Convent Association of Children of Mary took place on Sunday afternoon last, at the Convent. The Rev. C. Nulty, S.J., spiritual director, addressed an effective discourse to the assembled members, taking for bis text these words from the Gospel—"I will ask the Father and He will give you another Paraclete." Fr. Nulty spoke at length upon the mercy and goodness of Almighty God in first sending His Divine Son to redeem and save fallen man, and then sending His Holy Spirit .to consolidate and perfect that. mighty work of redemption by His Perpetual Presence in His Church and in the hearts of all the faithful; and concluded by urging his hearers to an increasing love and devosion to Our Blessed Lady, always remembering that she was pre-eminently the Tabernacle of the Holy Ghost. The ceremony then proceeded, and Misses Alice Cummins and Ellen Wallace were admitted Children of Mary, while Misses K. Toole, C. Henry, A. Cabill, J. M'Ginorisken, E. Steele, K. Kenny, and M. A. Deering received the Aspirants' ribbon. Benediotion of the Blessed Sacrament concluded the very interesting ceremony. Mother Mary Regis presided at the new organ, which she has now completely under control. 