SPORTING NOTES. THE TUIIF. VICTORIA AMATEUR TURT CLUB MEETING. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRE3POKDENT.) SUNIRDAV. IJTLI AUGUST. Tlie August meeting of the V.A.T.C. was held to-day at Cauhield, and although the weather was rather too cold to be quite agreeable, there was a very fair atten dance of spectators present. A very attractive pro gramme, comprising tivo events, had been prepared for the day's proceedings. The lields wore good, and tho various- races were well contested,. Several improve ments have been effected on the club's reserve since last meeting, the most important of which is a new stand erected on the ilat, and capable of accommodating about 1.200 persons, the nrice for admission to the new building having been ilsed at; Is. Anew steeplechase course hn? also been completed, and considerable ad ditions have been made to. the graudstaud. although the latter are not yet quite ready for use. His Excel lency the Governor and suite were present. Sapling STAKES, of 100 sovs. For two-year-olds. Three furlongs. Mr. L. L. Smith's .br f Louisa Berta f Blair) 1 Sir. J. Cohen's br f Edith ' (Cope) 2 Mr, E. Week's b c Garibaldi 'Williams) 3 The following ;ilso started: -Retort, Clansman II, Defrauder, Geelong, Claudia, Uranus, Bluudin, Caul liold, Don Giovan, Lord Chancellor, La Crosse, Aneta, Colleen Dhas, Dulcet, Aapramosite, Mynes, The Nun, Cloiuency and Lottie. Betting: '5 to 1 against Garibaldi and Edith, 8 to 1 against Louisa Berta and Aspromosite, 10 to 1, to *20 to lothers. After a rather straggling start Aneta toot the lead, and made the running for the lirst furlong or s i, when she was caught and passed by Claudia and Lord Chaucellor, Louisa Berta then came witha rush, closely followed by Edith and Garibaldi. A very fair finish eusued, Louisa Berta only beating Edith by a neclr. Garibaldi made a good third, Aneta being fourth, aud The Nun fifth. Time-W sees. Handicap Hurdls RACE.-Of 200 sovs. added to a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each,second horse to receive 50 sovs. out of the stake. Two miles. Sir. C. H. T. liart's eh h The Agent, aged. 12 st 1 lb (Ferguson) 1 Mr. J. Cripps' bl h Duration, 5 years, 9 st 12 lbs (M'Leod) 2 Mr. T. Cotrey's bl g Rav<:n, aged. y st 10.lbs (Cree) Z The other starters wei e Huntsman, Star, Hippogriir. Guardnsh, Tattler, The Ghost, Oculist, Tantaliser, and Devizes. Dotting: 2 to 1 against Huntsman, 3 to 1 against Hippogriti, 5 to 1 {against The Agent, G to 1 against Guardtish, Star, and the Ghost, 10 to 1 against Tanta liser. . Raven was the ilrst away, but Guardfisli led over the first jump. Oculist came up and took the command for a short time, but Ace led into the straight, followed by Guardftsh, Raven, Devizes, and Duration. GuardSsh passed Raven at the stand, but Raveu again got the lead on aseeuding the hill. In the meantime The Ghost fell, and similar mishaps soon afterwards occurred to {Devizes and Ace. The Agent then drew up and ed into the straight, beating Duration by six lengths, Raven being third, Hippogriti fourth, Huntsman iifth, Guardilsh sixth, Tattler seventh, and Tantaliser last. Time, -t mius. t sees. Selling RACE, of 50 sovs. The winner to be sold for £10o. Four furlongs, Mr. H. Haines' ch g Breeze (nil), 5 yrs, S st G lb (Williams) 1 Mr. D. M. Robertson's b h Cincinnati (nil), i yrs, S'st 7 lb3 : (Barton) 2 Only the two started. Betting : 2 to 1 oh Cincinnatns, G to 4 against Breeze. The. two kept company to the turn, but in tho straight Breeze drew away, and won quite easily by over a length. Time, 55 see's. The winner was bought ia for i^'W. Caclfield GRA>~d NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. - A handicap of :J5G sovs., addod to a sweepstake of 7 sov3. each. The second horse to receive 75 sovs., aud the third horse 25 30vs. About two miles and a half. Mr. J. Hunt's br g Granville, aired, 10st Gibs (Huht) 1 Hon.. W. Pearson's b m. Lady Ashton, aged, Ost 121ba (Gardner) 2 Mr. 3. Martin's b m Lizette, aged', list 121bs (Barty) C Governor, Wymler, Minerva, Sailor, \uican, and Studley also went. Betting: 2 to 1 Wyml£t, r to 1 Governor, G to 1 "Vulcan, Minerva, Sailor, and Lizette, 10 to 1 Lady Ashton, Granville, and Studley. Ladv Ashton led at-the .start, atteuded by Lizette. Minerva and Governor fell in front of the stand, aud Vulcau on the ascent after making tho turn. At the back.the order was Lady Ashton, Studley, Lizette, Sailor. The position of the leading division coutinned much the same during the ilrst circuit, but Granville and Wvmlet drew towards the .front. Studley came down at tho Ilrst of the treble in the straight. Lady Ashton ami Granville continued to lead during the re mainder of the distance, and Wymlet, who had fared ba'dlv afl through, blundered, at the sod wall and lost whatever chance he had. A good race between Gran* ville and Ladv Ashton resulted in favor of the former by half a length. Lizette tliird aud Wymlet fourth. Time-5 mins. 55 sees. BALACLAVA STAKES.-Of 100 sovs. Seven furlongs. Mr. S. Jones' br h Bohemian, t yrs. ost lllbs (Cracknel!) 1 Mri A. Selinan'.i br m Too Too, 5 yrs, 7st (Hughes) 2 Mr. J. Wliittinghain's bh Claptrap, G yrs, Sst (frahan) 3 The other starters were, Staiford, Trralee, Grace Darling, Phantom, Jocular, Mistake, Stationer, Ring master, Warileld, The Bev, Umbertn, Reprise, Rebus, Mentmore. Honeycomb, St. Ellen, Nuncio, Bohemian, Sedition, St. Albert, Gipsy's Warning, Plympton, and Baron Nectar. Betting: 1 to 1 Bohemian, 5 to 1 Too Too and Clup tran, «3 to 1 Phantom, G to 1 others. Won cleverly by a neck. Time-1 min. oo sees. WRESTLING. DrNNic v. MILLAR. Our Melbourne correspondent, telegraphing on Saturday night savs:-The wrestling match between Donald Dinnie and Professor Miller for the champion* ship of the world and £100 aside took plaec at the Vic toria Hall to-night, and notwithstanding the high prices of admission the hall was crowded to the doors. The match consisted of the best of live falls; the styles being side hold, Greco-Roman, Cornish, catch-as-catch can, and Scotch. The iirst bout was in. tho side hold style, in which each man had a leather belt round his waist bv which his opponent endeavors to throw him. In this Dinnie forced the work and threw Miller cleau after one or twi ineffectual attempts. Time, 7 mins. 15 sees. First fall to Dinnie. The uext style was the Graco-Roman. Dinnie again forced the wrest ling, and succeeded once on getting Miller down, but the latter was too clever in the ground. Miller ulti mately succeeded in throwing Dinnie, and holding him down the requisite five seconds. Time. 15 mins. First fall to Miller. The third bout was the Cornish style, in canvas jackets. This proved a tough struggle, but Dinuic- at last gave Miller the back crook, and brought him down. Time, 17} mins. Second fall to Dinnie. The fourth bout in catch- as - catch - can wr.s won by Miller in twelve minutes, thus equalising matters. The deciding contest was in the Scotch style, in which Dinnie showed his superiority by repeatedly bringing | Miller down, but failed to hold him on the ground the ; required 30 seconds. However, he managed at last to hold Miller down. Time, 20 mins. Dinnie having won i three falls out of the live was declared winner amidst I great excitement. All through the match Dinnie forced | the work, Miller acting mostly on the defensive, and : relvin" on his strength aud cleverness when wrestling on the ground to outmanoeuvre his opponent. FOOTBALL. Tho match which was arranged to take place between the Sandhurst Imperials and Bendigo teams in tho Upper Reserve on Saturday was not played, on account of the Bendigo not nutting in an appearance. On Wednesdav next the Bendigo and Eaglehawk play in Canterbury P'ark, when an admission fee of Gd will be charged. . A match was played on Saturday between .North Sandhurst and West End, which resulted in a victory for North Sandhurst by 1 goal 7 behmds to 1 beliinds. 'The best players for North Sandhurst were Carndmf. Newson, Perrv, Wright, Hare, and for "West End Dean, Kershaw, Trevarrow. North Sandhurst played with 5 men short. Mr. J. Johns made a very impartial uninire. , , _ , . A* match was played on Saturday at the Sydenham Gardens between the Southern Cross and Long Guily Alberts, which resulted iu a win for tho Cross by one .'oal (Byrnes) and 12 behinds to 2 bebinds. tor the Cress Errington, Trevena (2), Boyd, Chandler,^lett, and Runting plaveu well, as diJ Climas, Cooke, curry, Colman, Morcoui. and Duncan for- the losers. Mr. Lewis acted as central umpire. . Our Melbourne correspondent, writing on Satur day sav=, : - The match South Melbourne and Es^endon' ' which has been looked forward ro with the keenest anticipation^ by the_ partisans of both teams, resulted this afternoon in a iliaw, each side obtaining three goals. _ bonth ha\e not lost a match vet this season, ana it was generally nredicted that thev would be successful on this oc casion. Geelong defeated Richmond by four goals to one- Melbourne beat University by three to one; and Hothani gained a victory over Fitzroy by four to two. 