LITERARY DRAMATIC AKD DE BA TfXG SOCIETY. The first meeting of the newly-organised Debating Society, or, as it is now called, tbe Hockhampton Literary Dramatic and De bating Society, was held on Monday in the Committee-room of the School of Arts. There were about twenty members present, and Mr. J. Rayment presided, After tbe transaction of the routine business Mr. Rayment vacated tbe chair, which was for the remainder of the evening occupied by Mr. W. Cook. Mr. Rayment then read a paper entitled 'An evening with Tom Hood, poet and punster,' in which he gave a short account of Hood's life and referred to the characteristics of hie compositions. We make the following ex tracts from it : — I think I shall not be wrong in saying Tom Hood stands unique in tbe history of literary men. His always pleasant and familiar wit and humour have made him a favourite with everyone at all acquainted with him, whQe his deep pathos has touched many a sympatbic heart. His humour and pathos are so wonder fully blended that it is difficult to know where to draw tbe line. One dung, is certain, he did not become a punster from choice. The bias of his own mind was for something far different — something far higher, to be a poet, Bolely, not a. punster, was the object of hia youthful dreams ; this is evident by some of his earliest productions. Thus we have also on the authority of his son, known as Tom Hood the younger, who tells us his ambition was to become a great poet, to have his name enrolled among those of undy ing fame, whose works stand ont as beacons throughout all ages, hence we find hia first serious efforts moulded after the older and more classical type, as for Instance — ' The Plea of the Midsummer Fairies,' ' Hero and Leander,** and others. Bdt it was not to be. Some flashes of his exquisite wit attracted immediate notice, whetting the appetite of that fickle mistress— the public, so that tbe demand was, like Oliver Twist's, for more. He had ' to write to live * — that is to sav. it beinc his onlv means of obtaininfl support for himself and family. He had to supply that for which there was the greatest demand, eo that he could scarcely find a pttb^ Usher for bis more serioas aba* bis own favourite style. On the other hand* the comic and humorous productions always found' a ready market. We are told by his son tbat the poem already referred to, ' The Plea of the Midsummer Fairies,' fell almost etzll-boni from the press, so tbat Hood hinm-Tf bought up the TfTTia- faJTip sheets, ** to save them,' aa be aid, '* from the butter-shops.** I mush question whether he wonld have entrenched thus on his scanty nv»miB to save any of fau comic wnttngE ! And yet, strange to say* it is by bis serious poems— few as there are really entitled to be so called— that be Is best known and valued. The name of Tom Hood is more remembered by bis *' Song of the Shirt,' ' Bridge of Sighs,*1 and 'Eugene Aram's Dream, than byall his comic writings puttogether. Whatastraijgeanomflly.andho* true a type of the man who was compelled ' to jingle the bauble, when he would fain bare touched tbe lyre,' that his most pothrrk of poems, and tbe one that brought nun th* most fame, should make its first appearance in the pages of a comic paper — The Londow Punch ' Vet such was the fact, and I ban a vivid remembrance of toe sensation its appearance excited ! . . . This Wa» followed by another having tbe same object in view, called 'Tbe lAdy'e Dream, ' but which never attained the same notoriety, though exercising a great influence for good. ' The Dream of Eugene Aram,' is a most intensely thrilling poem^ standing out as it does in marked contrast to his other poems, and nytlfinir it dinicult to realize that it was really written by Hood* But in most of bis other works — if we except his earlier poems— we experience ' flashes of nnfnmiifar wit even amidst their sternest passaged It is this that tends such a peculiar charm to Hood's writings. His eon, 'Tom Hood the younger,*1 (who bid1 tair to be a worthy follower of his gifted father, but who was called away while in bis prime, and as he was beginning to make bis mark in the literary world) thus graphically writes — '* At the moment when the solemnity of his subject threatens to wring tbe sense heart-strings too powerfully, some vtvid play of fancy zig-zags across the gloom, and while it relieves the sense by its mere suddenness* intensifies, ratber than weakens, the efie-£ of the sombre Terse. n Hood as a punster steBds unrivalled, his wonderful play upon words justly entitles him to be called the ** prince of punsters.' His puns are not the strained efforts we have in others. Allow me here to give jou some fines written by a brother punster, pregnant witb meaning as applied to Hood. ltupo£D 1 dan not thee, rho' of the punning brood : or them wunW't* pvnish me, With pungent hutU-bocri.** \- . . ' The reputation of Tom Hood 3s a wit and humourist rests on his writings chiefly. His recorded sayings are few, for in general society he was shy and reserved, seldom making s. joke. It is to be regretted we have not more, for tbe few we have are bo good as to be well worth preserving. ' . . . Physically he was very weak, ard a great sufferer, but mentally he was clear and bright to the end, giving many a bright flash like the Bky -rocket before it dies oat.*1 . . . Another characteristie of Hood's is bis great diversity of style or metre, some indeed are quite daring, lor instance tbe poem, *' The Bridge of Sighs.' ... I will not take up vour time in givinc vou anv lenctiiened ac count of bis life, anyone interested may wead iwihtimlv&i;»ftt''lteBisriais ritiuoif Hood' by hi. son, and daughter (Mrs. Broderip); suffice it to say here that he was bom nut at the close of the last century, and died in 1S43 at the age of 47. . . . At the conclusion of the reading of the paper, the following of Hood's poems were read or recited :— ' Song of the Shirt,' ' The Demon Ship,' ' No,' ' Dream of Eugene Aram,' ?? Faithless Fanny Gray,' ' A Fairy Tale,' ' The Se» Spell,' ' A Nocturnal Sketch,' 'A Double Knack,' and 'The Sausage Maker's Ghost.' A. vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Rayment, and the meeting terminated with the customary vote to the Chairman. 