M=i1ETROPOLITAIN- NOTANDA. (PRox oOUR oWN CORREsPONDNbT)' March 24. There are some veiy sensible customs in India;" For.instance it is. the habit of certain castes: that` when.: a woman marries, the third sands,fourth fingers are cutoffat the flirnt:joint. Philoso. phlera had remarked thne wonderful dex terity' married .ionion :acquired with the!'broonimtick, and, it .was: deemed necessaey in!the interests.of .husbands to interpose ia slight obstacle. Talking of marriage, there is a very significant fact: pointed: out by Mr. Heyter in his Year, Book. Marriages are'fewer; ii the townse than in the country. ,,.Tho use. of Sthe-: broom-stick cannot have miuch to do with this die. inolination of townnmen-to .marry, be. cause soafar as' have: heard,la country girlIcan wield that-weapon of her sex w!sithras much efrectias her town sister. 'IUsuppose tlat th,; pursuit of agricul. ture induces a more.i.ntural human life, and that the dissipations oftgreat cities destroy the.charm of home life. Huge aggregations. are therefo&r;, to he dis. couraged'upon'moral grounds, and the ldistrilutionu of thpoputlation over the country should be tle aims. of patriotic citizens. Above all,.the girls s.ould go in,: heavily for agriculture, since' that seems the otcuputitnn which induces men to fulfil the sieci,1 purpose the critturs were created.. for, to propose. :Unfortunately there is a. te?diency in these -tin!es, for, p~eple to f rowd to gethebrin big'towns, and still more uns fortunately the powers that .'encourage this system of cnltralisation by provid ing all.manjierof publio works in Mel :bourne; instead of spending tihe money in the country districtr,whero it would be reproductive. Speaking of thoeEgyptian question, the last number received of the "Euro peans Mail" says :--"'he whole posi tion has been reconsidered by thc Cabi not, with.the following. result. There is to be no iretieuient from the Soudan; Khartdum 'is to' be?retaken, Osman "Digna finally crushed the Suakin-Ber ber route opeued'out, and' the country between the Nile and'the Red Sea will be pacitied, and,: prhaps for a time ed. ministered by England." That, how ever, wasjust in. th excitement caused by the news of the fall. of Khartoum,. and the death of dne'ral Gordon. Since,then, wehave heard 'that Mr.. Gladstonet'sGovernment is" wavering" about its policy in the Soudan. Most people have some special igititude in .which, they : excel, .and -nobody will doult.the fact that.the present Imperial Ministryarosplendid f!ellows at "war. orinng". . ... The "United Irishnap," a New York -paperpublished ..by.yDonovan Rossa, 'lately. offered'. 10,000. dollars for the body of thaPrince of :'Wles dead or alive. To givea.fair cha'nce to native industry.fora rise, the Piinceforthwith: ,determined to go to Ireland.. The pro ceeding was one of whieli Irishmen will generally approve, as it' will show to the world that. the ravings of the dynamite idiots do not represent the feelings of the Irish people,, and that. men may entertain a fad al;out a Par liament in College Green without being murderers.. The question has been. fiercely con. tested whether 'a:counhtry is being ruined by iinporting more than it ex ports... If so;,England s'etiands a lot of riining.. According .to the lately is isued Board of Trade returnes, there was. is decrease 'of' 6)per'cen tin'the exports end an increase of one p'er' cent in the imports in 1884. I have, looked into. the trade returns of a 'imnioier of coun 'tries, and Ifind .'th rulet is that the. iinports exceed the exports.' If every nation is thus receiing, mnore than it sendr,where does tlfe balance conimefrom t The explanation is, Isuppose, that the ;value of the goods isg+eater at the port of receipt than at the port of shipment, the difference respecting the profit made by the nmerchants. :1 see by the " Otago Witness" that my old fri nd Gerald Massey has been, endeavouring to persuade' the New Zealanders that while it is very foolish. to believe in Biblical stories,.it is right to.believe- in ghosts. Massey got bitten with the spiritist craze through his first' wife, who was a " medium." I see that .Ir. Masscy has been telling a New Zealand audience that his wife developed insanity, and took to drink. ing rum and chewing tobacco Poor 'Jane II always thought hera bit of a crank, lbut Massey's friends mostly looked upon her as a designing hussy,. and wondered how lie could be such a. fool as to be humbugged with her non sense It is passing strange that a man of intelligence and'with a certain kind of ability, slhouldaccept and stick to.for. all these years a lot of rubbish, put into hismhead hy'a msiad wenh who. from an adiction 'to " spirits" in the abstract, settled into a liking for the imost vulgar of the.lot, in concrete form.. Most. people must have observed' 'how certain Imrristers manage to secure a:, reputation' anda c'peetie, by the simple process of insulting adverse wit mese-as for a gentleman to hire himself. out to gratify the spleen' of private per one is not a very dignified way of get ting; money. Tim. ftnny thiig is a. ieotilig between' two of a trade in.opson couirt,. ,f Ia otjir dayo a'coloiial profes. anr of the altllsve ti.t-~ai into collis iou witll as tmineit ni~ aotoir there, of, end as theIt iit , ?ri?n?eig too. olct tofghtdueola.other than verlal one,. hi:sohas4akonuplthhi running and' .;riled ;iut the youniger·~chs nsel. It tl? judges ':ants niagistnates. have no. powuercrto pieveib thseabuse of thia oflln? bprOfm.essidnll'enns the Logisla. turishoild'cepli'iraindlpdt a stop to thndlegri? ?fat 'luaauen'th9;.• browbeat. Patti'wore'60,000 dollars' wortli of diamonds when she appirted.In."Travi artn, in t, Llndo rn-eztl\\. 