GEELONG COURTS. The following fixtures have* been made for holding; Courts at Geeloog during the present year:— • County Cotrn'r.—5th February, 6th April, 4th June, 3rd August,. 1st October, 1st De cember. Assize Court.—Tuesday, 17th February. General Sessions. — Thursday, 28th May. The People Wast Proof.—There is no medicine prescribed by physicians or sold by Druggists, that carries such evidence of its success and superior virtue as Boschee's German Syrup lor severe Coughs, Colds settled on the breast, Consumption, or any disease of the Throat or Lungs. Any person afflicted, can get a Sample Bottle for 6d and try its superior effect before buying the regular size at 3s Gd. Its wounderful cures are as tonishing every one that uses it. Three doses will relieve any case. If you have a Cough or Cold that will not yield to other remedies try German Syrup and you will be surprised at the result. It has cured many cases of so called Consumption which doctors had given up. It is sold by all Druggists in the Civilized world. Dr. Scott's Aromatic Quinine Wine.— The purest Btimulaiit in the world ; infinitely superior to brand or whisky, and is now the most popular drink throughout the colony. Certified by the medical profession as the purest stimulant procurable as a tone and stimulant. Cannot be surpassed, giving tone and life to the symptom. AU grocers and hotel keepers be sure and ask for—Dr. Scott's Quinine Wine. Sold by all Grocers Ghosts.—An attempt is bein made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the won derful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to I adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost: " How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread ?" for, of all the ghost pro ducers, a bit of '•"heavy" bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread; for, although it won't "raise ghosts," it trill raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every wise store keeper has it by him, and every good house wife bnys it Extract from letter of Private "Ward, of the Frontier Mounted Police, Cape Colony:—"I i should just likeyon to see the » ail farm-house Bread that I bake I The oven is one dug in the ground, and is just large enough to hold our daily quantum of two loaves. We use flour, water, salt, and Borwick's Baking Powder. My bread often surprises me, it is so light, and white as snow. Some of our men will insist that I have been 'in the trade,' and nothing I can say will convince them to the contrary!" N.B.—This invaluable article may be obtained of all Grocers and Store keepers in Id and 2d packets, and Gd and Is patentboxes 