MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB RACES. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, October 4. Considering the recent bad weather, th9 Melbourne Hunt Club were singularly fortunate in fixing the date of their meeting on Saturday. Except that the Cup polish has yet to be given in the way of cutting down the grass on the lawns and running back, the course could hardly have looked better. The attendance was larger than at the Grand National Steeplechase Meeting of the V.B.C., and amongst the visitors was Sir Henry Loch. Tn the absence of Mr. George Watson through illness, bis son. Mr. T. Watson, took the starting fiag, and although there were a couple of big fields, one of them of two-year-olds, the horses were always sent away on even terms, and without delay. Results SELLING RACE. Five furlongs. Mr. J. D. Robertson's Sorcerer (nil), 6 st. 11 lb. (Fiddes) i Mr. A. Summer's Ace (£25), 7 st. 6 lb. (Cope) .. 2 Betting—5 to 2 on Ace. Sorcerer jumped away from the favourite at the stait, and holding his lead comfortably all the way down, won in a canter by a length. Time, 1 min. 7 sec. The winner was bought in for £90. HANDICAP HURDLE RACE. One Bills 4fid a and a distance. Mr. Cripp's Duration, 11 st. (Mcteou) ... 77 I Mr. J. McGrade's Tantalizer, 10 st. 7 lb. (Kildafl) 2 Sirw. J. Clarke's Vernet, 9 st (McGowan) .. 3 Chatsworth, Linda. Amateur, and Xenophon also started. Betting—6 to 4 aest. Duration, 5 to 1 each agst. Tantalizer and Chatsworth, 10 to 1 agst. Xenophon. Duration and Amateur were quickest to move. Vemet, however, was in front as they went over the first turdle. and he led the others past the Stand Coming out to the inner side Vernet struck on a hurdle very hard, but kept on his legs wonderfully well, although losing the - ead. Alter passing this hurdle the order amongst the leaders was—Amateur first, slightly in advance of Chatsworth, then General Jackson and Vernet. At the bridge Amateur was still in front, but after passing this point Duration was taken into tbird place. At! the abattoirs Amateur was still leading, with Chatsworth and the favourite next to him. After leaving the ruck Tantalizer moved up to fourth place, leaving the rearmost position to Linda. Vernet had the lead before they got to the turn, and the favourite bad also improved his position, being the first to show in tbe open. Round the turn, where, although having an inside position, he ran wide halfway up the straight, Kitduff Citne very fast on Tantalizer, and as tbe weight seemed to have its effect on Duration his defeat was looked for. At the distance his rider sat down easily, and staking np Duration won by two lengths, Tantalizer being a length and a half n front of Vernet, with'Chatsworth fourth. Time, 3 min. 5J sec. HUNT CLUB CUP. Mr. S. Miner's Knlkyne, 12 st. 7 st. (W. S. Cox) 1 Mr. A. L. Johnson's Goldtop, 11 st. 5 lb. (Owner) 2 Mr. B. Gray's Jack Shephard (C. Filgate).. .. 3 Abdallah, Chesterfield, Curiosity, Emily, Conrad, and Ruby also ran. Belting—7 to 4 agst. Abdallah, 5 to 2 agst. Kulkj ne, and 5 to 1 agst Ruby. When the flag went down the first horses to show in advance were Conrad, Chesterfield, and Ruby, and they kept these positions as they approached the first fence, with Emily, Kuliyne, and Curiosity next. Casualties commenced at the first jump, where Ruby came down. As she rose right under Abdallah's neck, the old grey swung clean ronnd, and was brought to his knees, while Ruby's rein catching in the rider's leg pulled him clean out of the saddle. The succeeding fence brought down Conrad, and the three horses galloped riderless through the gap into the straight. They were followed by Emily, who brought her rider off the course, the field being thus further reduced. Goldtop led over the fence in front of the Stand, followed by Curiosity, Kulkyne, Jack Shepherd, and Chesterfield, these five being the only ones now in the race withmore than half the journey yet to go. The peculiar roan horse Curiosity then went to the front. At the back Goldtop was left with a long lead, and as he came ronnd the turn the horse was tiring palpably. Kulkyne was within a few yards of home when they landed over the last jump, and tbe latter looked all over a winner. He cantered with the others to the distance, when he drew out, and won very easily by five lengths from the tired Goldtop, who was three lengths Si front of Jack Shepherd, with Chesterfield fourth. No others finished. Time, & min. 23 sec. HANDICAP FLAT BACE. One mile. Mr. J. Wilson, jun.'s Ringnaster. 7 st. 7 lb. (Moore) _ .. „ Mr. D. S. Wallace's Chnckster, 8 st. 12 lb. (O'Brien) f Mr. Jones's Bohemian, 7 st. 7 lb. (Flanagan) .. j Seventeen others started. Betting—7 to 2 agst Ringmaster, 9 to 2 agst. Merrimu, 6 to 1 agst. Bohemian, 7 to-1 agst Scaramouche, 8 to 1 agst. Chnckster, 10 to I agst. The Ghost. Ringmaster won by a length. There- was a great race between Bohemian and Chnckster for second place, which eventuated in a dead heat Merrimu was fourth. Time. 1 min. 451 sec. HANDICAP STBFPLECHASE. Two miles. Mr. Pile's Bob Cooper, 10 st 3 lb. (William) .. 1 Mr. A. G. Webb's Chester, 9 st. 10 lb. (Winter) .. 2 Mr. A. Summers's Goodwood, 10 st. 3 lb. (J. Eildnff) _ ..3 Other starters:—Stag (late Australian'Court), Pride, Topsail, Sir Samuel, and Mystery. Betting—2 to agst. Bcb Cooper, 100 to 30 agst. Goodwood, 5 to 1 agst. Chester. Bob Cooper took the lead when the flag MI, and led over the first fence, and at the second jump Topsail came down. After this the order was—Bob Cooper, Stag, Mystery, Sir Samuel, Chester. Goodwood, Pride, with Topsail, who had been remounted, galloping in the rear. They all passed safely over the big fences in front of the Grand Stand and enclosure, but Mystery and Topsail swerved about a good deal and not going kindly. Bob Cooper still led by the river side, where Sir Samuel ran round the jsmps, and being taken back was out of it. At the back of the course Pride struck the stonewall and fell. At this point Bob Cooper had a lead of ten lengths, but Goodwood and Stag closed npon him slightly as they sailed over the last fence is the straight. Chester, galloping strongly, looked momentarily dangerous, bnt Bob Cooper had lots in reserve, and galloped home tbe most comfortable of winners by four lengths, Chester being second, three lengths in front of Goodwood, Stag coming fourth. Time, 4 min. 58 sec. SAPLING STAKES. Half a mile. Mr. W. D. Robertson's The Nun (Moore) .. .. 1 Mr. F. Tozer's Lottie, 7 st. (Bence) 2 Mr. D. M. Robertson's Claudian, 7 st. 9 lb. (EBis) 3 Betting—2 to 1 agst. The Nun, 4 to 1 agst. Wishna, 7 to 1 agst Minstrel. 8 to 1 agst General Gordon. The Nun won in the most comfortable manner by a length and a half from Lottie, who was a length in advance of Claudian, with Repose fourth. Time, 531 sec. 