,L True Ghost Story. Mr. Conrad II. Grecnhow, ivIio was chief oflicer on board of a hired maritime transport at the lime- of the occurrence, 3ms supplied us with an account of a personal experience lie had of meeting with a ghost in In this cynical age, it. is a hazardous ven ture for a man to attempt to convince people that he has seen a ghost. The. busy, hustling man of business pays no heed to psychology, and professes little sympathy for those who love to peer into the mysteries of another world. 6'host stories; lie sets down* at once as the inventions of croning old women, while dreams hare in his opinion no further inspira tion than what comes from nil overladen stomach. But to all the cynics I will tell a ghost story, the truth of which is supported not only by my own word, but by nil the pub lic journals in existence at the time at which the occurrence took place. X shall simply .re late what happened, and leave the doubters to examine into the facts at tlieir leisure. " _ In the year 1826 I was first officer on board a hired transport. Transports in those days were hired, not owned, by the Admiralty. In the month of August in the year named my ship arrived at the Government dockyard at Deptford. On the morning of our arrival at Deptford I obtained leave of absence for the purpose of visiting my sister,who lived at Tulsc Hill, a plnca distant from tho doclc about eight miles.; When I got there I found that a party Was being held, and on the invi tation of my .sister. I remained until between 12 and 1 o'clock in the morning. I then" left with the intention-of walking to Deptford —a performance which to a young man of 20 was i of little momenta It was) a, .beautiful night, the air.being mild undfthe stars shining,' but no moon.' With my mind filled \yith pleasing, thoughts aucut the company I had ' left, I walked" briskly on. * I wended my way towards New Cross turnpike, and when near j the canal there I saw a young lady standing in tho middle of the rood. My mind \yos so full of .the scene I had left .that, I took, little notice tit first of the person in, front of me; When, however, I had reached the point at which she had been standing "when first I saw lier, I observed that she was retiring before me,; keeping '/her'vfacp, towards ;me. I, was struck with" awe when 1 saw distinctly the features - and' dross ■ or this apparition; Dy.\its own, inherent light, other objcets being barely visible • by starlight. At a dis tance of almost "GO years, . the improsr sion .that sweet face made upon my mind is as afresh as on the night I. saw it. She was of .medium"height, .apparently about 20 years of age, and of fair complexion. She was dressed in black," with weepers" on her wrists: and white frilling round her neck. Her cheeks were'riclrin colour, :and hei; eyes were dark and expressive. A', smile in which melancholy was blended with sweetness over spread her features.' As I have, said,- when I drew up to her she retired before - 1116, looking in my face and smiling 011 me. I was amused, as any young sailor would have been in such circumstances, and yet puzzled." I asked her what she was doing there at that time of night. She made 110 reply, but continued to walk backwards in front.of me.. My curiosity was now fully aroused., I speculated as to what the.joke.meant. . Here'aftch- midnight on .a lonely road was r^ji&vntea;^tiy^afyoung: lady of perfectly reipeetablo appearance, and smiled upon without.a w'ord of explanation. I resolved to. obtain from her a reply' to''the question I had already, put; Bj'this time she had readied •'the bridge which, span's' tlie -"Surrey canalj' and there in the" middle:of:it- stood ' awaiting me. There sho, stood, still smiling in the .same melancholy way, I thought it my duty to admonish her,' and I said; as ■ I , stepped up, What aro you doing hero at this tiriio 'of : night ?" In reply, she simply looked, into my kce and smiled; I laid'niy'hand upon her—i •as I thought. ' But nnstead 'of.,pressing her shoulder, my hand sank to her breast. Tjiore: was 110 resistance. "For one moment I-stood , there with my hand apparently buried in tlmt; 'form j and ..with; that; sweet smile;.- still" beaming upnn me. For thnt single moment I was spell-bound—the-next -.1 was^flying along the: road-towards. .Deptford.r- Fear lent .wings to; my" feet; Now. and then as-I dashed along,: ; with:, terrors-thrillingthrough niy bodjr, I glanced furtivejy over my■;shoulder to see if the'-Wiablo'-apparition , was: following. : In; every-bush,-in everyr. shade, I imagined I saw! that smiling-fnce. ■.1 Now. and then- I glanced; at thc'hand" thatrhnd-pierced that shadowy formpfearirig that she might be there. When: I-had gone some distance I became tired and panted,for breath. I resolved^toirest, but thoj next moment fear again possessed me, and onj r'sped. '.'. I npver.;i'an' so hard in all my life.; There was no rest for mo until T reached the! dockyard, gates, spent and miserable, That forlorn figure-on-.tho:bridgo •filled iny iin'agina-;, tion-; and I had. a half guilty feeling, that I, had fled, from an appeal for help. "' Tho w*enj on:wntclr at;tho;dock^-noticing-my-haggnrd; appearance, asked. 1110 what had happenedor- It! was i-elief 'to1 my fourdenodv.mind'i to t'eHUlie, story.' I described- what had taken .place,1 giving the particulars'.of ..the appearance ^and dress ofr tlie girl as I- have "given ,them;-ab,ovb. I then-wont. 011 board, and- aftcr ; a',wlulo fell asleop to dream of the apparition .at. Now. Cross.' •• " 1 • '.• •• - ■ From the men of the watch the story quickly spread, and, before the morning it had reached tlio' police. A constable boarded tlio ship before mid-day, and astonished 1110 by saying that from the information I hod given, the canal had been dragged, and that under a flat bottomed barge the body of a young lady had been found. I repeated to the officer my description of theligurel had seen, and he said it corresponded with the body thnt had been found, I was at once placed under police surveillance. The affair, 011 the face of it, had an ugly look for inc. The body had been found near the bridge where I parted with the spectre, and the police evidently were of opinion that my story was an invention. My captain accom panied 1110 to the inquest, which was held at Plough Inn, and there I. repeated my story. I was-shown the body at the inn. There lay the same figure that I had seen 011 the bridge. Nothing Mas changed, except that the palor of death had taken the place of the rosy hue of life and health on her cheek. The lips were slightly parted, and the same smile that had drawn me 011 in pursuit to the bridge lingered on the features. There was, how ever, an air of repose, of peace, upon the fnce, which had-a soothing effect upon my harassed mind. I felt that the mission that the phantom had called upon me to perform had been accomplished. The body had been token, from its watery bed, and would find Christian burial at sympathetic hands. The coroner ordered that a posf-ntorli-m examina tion .should be held, and adjourned the inquest for (lie purpose. I, of course, attended Ihe coroners court when it. re-opened. Still practically n prisoner, my perilous situation had no terrors for me. J surveyed the " twelve good men raid true with perfect calmness of soul, being more occupied with the peculiarities of character displayed in the faces of jny judges than with concern for my fate. The whole aii'air was to me more like a nightmare than a drama in real life. To the astonishment of everybody but myself, the medical evidence placed beyond doubt the truth of my story. The p>>*l-//iorlem examina tion, they said, showed conclusively that the deceased had been drowned not less ! than three or four days before my ship arrived in the Thames from abroad. My friends were, of course, relieved from a state of ex treme anxiety ; but I heard all without much concern. I had perhaps not recovered from the daze my senses were thrown into on that niglit on the bridge at New Cross. Farther evidence was forthcoming to prove my inno cence. It transpired that the poor girl was of respectable parentage, and that she had been in a situation as governess." She had been either deceived or deserted, and, after writing a letter to a friend concerning her intention, had committed suicide. The jury, returned a veiv diet of suicide, hut did not attempt to explain the ghost of the deceased at New Cross. They evidently thought me " uncanny," and were glad that they had not to deduce from their bewilderment an , addendum to their verdict. In the sixty years that have elapsed since then I have often, when on watcli at night at ser, imagined.that-1 have seen that kindly ghost. •But it, has never bpen, with any. sense of fear that I have peered into the dnrkncss'in the vain effort to fix the airy form. : ; ' What lias the psychologist <o say'to my stoiy? No ghost story ever rested on a firmer basis of- truth than this one, and none was ever easir of verification. One. remarkable feature of it was that, the girl appeared to me as she would be in life,, and not as in death—■' I mean, colour was in her cheek. But for the fact that the post mortem 'examination educed, ;the letter, of the deceased, and tlie circumstance that I was at sea. when the girl'6 death occurred, the ghostly visitant would havo got me into serious trouble. ' v 