?cellapoug. fBMscelli Grandmotlil Gray. 3\. M. iRur [ THINE Tommy Gray fflr;7 appreciated the bat that hia bread was bB"ered oa bath sides lor when he got into a stfl t riot with Charlie Wilson, who thresteneliito tell Tommy's [atber and get bim anr*' all .fired liokin'," Master Tommy just ran oS saying: "DftBBn'tl I've got & grandmother tew home." I Tommy's grandmother was the kind of a woman who is all fire and flame in youth and all ashes-of-rose in old age. She bad been a beauty onoe, but there was nothing V> show tor it but " the tender grace of a day that was dead." WrinkltB had taken the plaoe oi dimples, her eyes had burned themselves out, her oheeks were shrivelled, and as lor teeth she had only two in her head. " But, thank the Lord, they are opposite t'each other," said Grandmother Gray. 8he had a lap for the children, too-most grandmothers don't have any lap-and she sung them to sleep every night. Tommy had made her promise in an unguarded moment that she would rook him to sleep until he was 21\. She seemed in a fair way to do it, bat she reposed his overgrown feet and limbs on a chair and fondled the ourly head till he had just" awakeness" left, after his grand matin vespers, to enable him to steer straight to bed. The songs she sung were very funny ones, or very sorrowfnl. They were either of the " ti rooral-to- loo" order, or like " Hark, from the tombs a doleful sound." What Tommy liked most was the Scotch ministrelsy. He never tired of " Over the water and over the lea, And over the water to Charley. Oh, Charley loves good ale and wine And Charley loves good brandy, And Charley loves to kiss the girls As sweet as sugar candy." Tommy thought there was an edueational difference between him and Charley, but he made no comment for fear of being deprived of the musio. On Sundays she sang: " I'm wearin' awa, Jean, Like snaw wreath in thaw, Jean, I'm wearin' awa To the land o' the leal." "An' what is 'the leal,' grandmother?" Tommy would ask. And the aged woman would fix her sad, tired, patient eyes on the blue beyond and make answer in her low, quavering voice: "It's aye to be true, ma boy, true to ypur king, true to your God, ana ower true'to yoursel'." 1 The old lady had some quaint ways. One of theso was always to attend the grandest church in the parish, where a oelebrated divine prcaohed in the modern vernacular pf amended theology. i " Why do you go to hear so difficult .a preaoher!"'someone asked the old ladj;. " Do yon understand him 1" " Na," she answered," I dinna bear a word that he says." " Ihon what pleasure oan you get ouH his sermons." ^ " Child 1" answered the old lady re verently, " oan't I see the holy wag of his head?" " Is there a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, grandmother ? " that graceless Tommy would ask. " Aye, child." "And does anybody find it ? " "Aye, many. And they go far first. It's not in the flesh you'll find what lies hid at the end of the rainbow." She could tell time by the flowers efod the sun. She had eeen a ghost. She oould find Job's coffin in the sky. She had a charm for bruises and outs. It was like entertaining an angel unawares to have this dear old lady with thorn, for, under her little superstitions, lay a grand soul. One day she counted her years and said " I'm getting old." " Nonsense, mother," they laughed at her. " Ton are only a girl of 80." " I remember when I was 16, and had rOBes on my oheeks," she said. " I wonder when thoy will ever be there again." One night the ohildren went into her room to bo rooked. She sat in the twilight, and the lamp was unlit. She sent them away, first kissing them all around. She kissed Tommy twice; he looked like his grandfather whose likenesB she had worn in a breastpin for forty years. . < "I'm expeetin' oompany," she said to them J " Sang your ways, and God's blessingj&J; with ye." It was Tommy who jumped up in the night from a fearful dream and ran into grandmother's room for oomfort. She still sat in the window. At least her figure was there, but Grandmother Gray bad gone away with her company. 