Adelaide, i [»BOH CUROWN CJRtU BPOKDfcNT] , Mqreb 16. Sir William * and I*dy Des Voour arrived from Melbourne Jw the a.M.S., Shannon and, feta guests at <!)bv<OTUttrak Houft?. ; Sir William Jervois,.Opr*rtfor of j,New, Zealand, left for Melbourne by tbe steamer Adelaide on Saturday. ISQLIWOOD DIVISIONAL Bo^bd.-The elec tion for No. 3 sub-division of the logl-jwood Division resulted, we bear, ill the return o, Mr. J uliua Fry, whod^feated the latememberf; Ur. George Porter, by fivt voteB. FATAP ACCIDENT.-A lamentable aooidsot ocenred at Drayton on Friday last, about bun down. A little boy earned -Frank Clarice, aged |8 years, was digging, out graai with a three-pronged fork,' hnd his htUo eistor, Florence Frances, was picking up tho grass as her brother dug it out. While in tho act of driving the fork into tLe ground bis sister suddenly stooped down, and the fork entered tho top of her head, penetrating the brain, a d cauring instant death. Mr. Hrnry Clarke, the fmher uf the child, was away from home at tho time, and great sympathy is felt with Jiiqi jn bin bereavement. .- . ,. SoriroskB feWLufr - Soadb. Says the' Tenterfield Record of KrBay:-" On Sunday morning, a man named William Johnson and his daughter-a young girl about 14 years of age-were arrested a oouple of miles from town on the B&Uandean-road;, having horses in their possession supposed taj -be stolen.' The horses were a dark bay mure, branded Pl> ove: B1I over 015 on near shoulder, near bind foot white; a brotvn horse, branded 090 . near shoulder; a cbes'nut maro, branded WC5 I nor shoulder ; and a chesnut mare, with filly foal at foot, branded C sideways over P side ways. The accused wepe bioaghtup before the Police Magistrateon Monday morning, and remanded for a week. The young tfirl is sup posed to be identical Kith a " Lojr' of similar height and appearance, who passed a forged cheque at Maryland some time ago. and the supponition is strengthened by the finding uf a pair of boy's grousers of the girl's sise amongst their effects. . The police are making active inquiries as to the truth of the state ment made by the male prisoner regarding the possession of the horses. Too SEVERE,-This is how the editor of the Cooktown Independent with a few strokes of his magic pen, Bmashes up the Gladstone Government, a task which Messrs. Salisbury, Northcote, Churchill & Co., aided by the Tories of England, Ireland, and Scotland, and the diplomatic wire-pullers of Continental detpots, have been iinsuooessfully trying to accomplish for more than four years. Says the very irascible Cooktown Scaramouch : " The crushing majority of 130 in the House of I/ords in favor of the vote of censure, and the miberable majorily of 14 Against it in the Commons, is as emphatic a defeat as the most bitter enemies of Gladstone could have desired. It is probable that, relying on the popularity of the Franchise Bill and its additional voting power, the ' Grand Old Man' may risk an ap peal to the country, but we sincerely hope that he will now retire and allow younger men to steer the ship of SSt&to; clear of the rocks and aboals nmong wbioh ho has jfroun . ded it. The larger towns may be true enough to Liberalism at any price, but the counties and the small boroughs will demand a change of (government. The ghost of Qor don should alone be sufficient to olear tho Trensuty benches of Qladstone, Granville, Derby, and Co.1' Time was when the Dalby Herald enjoyed the distinction of being thu only provincial journal in this colony courage ous enough to denounce the misconduct of Mr. Gladstone and his colleagues; but, single handed, the Herald was unable to compiles their overthrow. Now, however, that Cook town is making cnuimon cauee with Dalby n change in English public opinion, and the advent of a Tory administration, must be rq gnrded as certainties of the immediate fifture. It in to be hofcd that the coming Conserva tive Premier wiil not overlook the claims of the Dalby and Cooktown editors to distinction -the first pair of legleBa garters pboifld l)c bestowed upon then). i 