"Long or short," cried Santley, in a voice ringing with passion, "you shan't live to see it !"—Chapter lv. "RETRIBUTION," By SILVERLEAF. Author of "The Wheel of Life," "All Aboard," &c.;, &c.; Author's rights Reserved. CHAPTER LV. BROUGHT TO BAY. Before the grass had time to grow green above Mrs. Broughton's grave, the great case came on, to prove whether Norah could lay claim to all the land, and houses now built thereon, granted to her father. It was discovered that nineteen years had elapsed since the re-granting of the land to old Simon Brown, as he was called ; had the deeds remained hidden one year more, her title to it would have lapsed. Mr. Santley was advised not to contest the matter, but to make the best terms he could. But either through his own obstinacy, or else urged thereto by his wife, he determined to fight it out. He was an altered man ; his son's disgrace had been a most crushing blow, striking at once at the root of all his joy in the present, and hopes in the future. Then, his wife was as a very thorn in his side, being restrained neither by delicacy nor kindly feeling, from uttering the bitter sneer or the cruel taunt. Her popularity had diminished as a leader of fashion, for she was no longer able to give her entertainments, as had been her custom, regardless of expense. She looked haggard and old, and the rouge she so liberally applied could not hide the ravages made by dis- content, late hours, and evil tempers. Report said that she and her husband led a regular cat and dog life, quarrels being of constant occurrence. The day on which the important case was to be tried came at last. The legal profession was in full force, for, as carrion will gather crows together, so will a good tough case gather lawyers, where there is large property, and every probability of its lingering for a long time in the lawyers' hands. The case was opened, all the parties con- cerned and their friends were present, and all was going smoothly, when Mr. Santley was seen to become greatly agitated, his eyes almost started from his head, his cheeks whitened, and his jaw dropped, tie stood up, and uttered words rapidly, pointing to the witness box with trembling fingers. "It's not fair," said he ; "it's unjust, and I stand no chance, if they bring dead men as witnesses. I won't have it." Then, starting back, he exclaimed in a gesture of horror and affright, " He's coming after me ! keep, him off ! I say, keep him off!" He kept moving backwards, still keeping his eyes fixed on some object that seemed to para- lyse him with fear, till, with a wild cry, almost a shriek, he fell on the floor in a fit. When he recovered sufficiently to consult his lawyer, which was not for some days, he told him to stop all oppo- sition ; he would yield the property to the claimant. It was in vain for the lawyer to try and persuade him to go on with it, assuring him that possession was a great thing. He would not heed. The horror of what he saw that day in court (or, rather, what he thought he saw), was still in his face ; he trembled at every sound ; and at every entrance into his room, he looked as if he awaited some ghastly shadow to follow. The scene in court caused a great sensation, and a report arose that Mr. Santley, overwhelmed with grief for his son, domestic unhappiness in his home, and, lastly, this harass- ing law suit, was losing his senses. Great commiseration was felt for him under these trials ; but no expression of sympathy seemed to do him any good. Mr. Broughton called, and brought an offer from Norah to arrange matters in a liberal manner. But Santley only moaned, and mut- tered, "She does not know, she does not know." At last he determined to resolve his doubts. " What do you know of this girl, who has it in her power to beggar me? Has she any relations or friends ; do you know if she has a brother ?" " She had a brother, but he has never been heard of for years, although he has been advertised for, and it is sup- posed he is dead: if he ever turns up, Norah will have to share her fortune with him. He was a harmless lad, far inferior to his sister, both in personal and mental qualifica- tions." "Do you know his occupation ?" said Santley. "Yes," was the reply, "he was a drover; but did you know him ? " said Mr. Broughton, in some surprise. "Yes," said Santley, his eyes wild with fright and horror, "he's dead, he was murdered, it was he I saw in court that day, with his head all bleeding ; he comes here when I am left alone ; don't leave me till some one comes. I know he will be the death of me ! " Mr. Broughton rang for some one to remain with this man, whom he considered delirious, and gladly took his departure, shocked to see the effects of fear upon the unfortunate man. That afternoon a miserable, disreputable looking man called to see Norah ; she was rather afraid when she saw him, for his appearance was sufficiently alarming, but he did his best to allay her fears, and begged to be allowed to state his business. "I called to ask you if you had a brother called Ned.' " Yes," said Norah, eagerly, " do you know him—is he alive?" " I seen him, Miss, though, it's many a long year ago, and he ain't alive ; he's been lyin' murdered, in a cedar valley, this ten or a dozen years." " Murdered !" said Norah, "who murdered him, you ?" and she recoiled from the man in sudden fear. " No, miss ; though you looks as if you thought I might be capable of it ; not me, but him as you got a action again ; about that there property." " Not Mr. Santley ! you cannot mean him ?" said Norah in great agitation. "Yes, him as you calls Mr. Santley, I calls him Silas Dibley. Your brother Ned found a rich patch of gold, and a thumping big nugget. Not knowin' any harm of Dibley he took him into confidence (the artful old sarpint), Dibley tellin' him he'd give him more for his gold than any one else ; the young fool showed him his plant, and got a tomahawk buried into his skull for his share, whilst Dibley secured the swag. He then escapes from the colony, for he was a ticket- of-leave man, and had to get away in disguise. Some time after he turned up in Melbourne as Santley; bought that there land with the gold of which he had robbed young Ferguson. It seems to come right somehow that you should be the true owner of the land on which he spent your brother's gold. But you see it's done him no good, and it'll do him less. I ain't done with him, I've had a grudge of years' standin' again him ; the time is very near for payment now." Dazed, bewildered, stunned as Norah was by the unex- pected news that had just been communicated, she still was able to observe and shrink with horror from the concentrated hatred in the man's every tone, look, and gesture. She buried her face in her hands and wept convulsively—wept for the young brother, whom, in spite of the long years that had elapsed, she had still hoped might one day be found. Wept for his sad cruel fate, to be thud cut off from the living at a time when his heart must have beat high with the joy of realized hopes. Then succeeded anger, hot, impulsive anger, against Santley. He who had held a respectable position, spending wealth, and thus gaining the consideration for himself that is paid to those who are possessed of an abundance of this world's goods, no matter how acquired, or how deficient the individual may be in every other respect, or how unworthy of the confidence of his fellow men. Santley, a blood-stained murderer ! his soul reeking with guilt ! The crime of which he had been guilty was aggravated by the fact that the deed he had committed was not perpetrated in the heat of angry passion, but greed alone had been the cause ; he had stricken down a simple lad, who had trusted in him ; merely that he might possess his wealth. When Norah looked up she found she was alone, her visitor had stolen away. She regretted she had not asked him more questions, and proofs of his statement, but it was too late now. Mr. Broughton had just returned from his interview with Mr. Santley, and was surprised to find Norah so agitated and tearful. She immediately told him what she had just heard. He listened in astonishment. The man's account tallied well with the scene in court, and with what he had heard himself from Santley ; still he could scarcely believe that a man of such a character, and with such a criminal history, as he was represented to have, should have so long remained unknown and undetected. Perhaps the very audacity of his proceedings may have baffled suspicion. Mr. Broughton regretted very much that he had not seen the visitor who had brought such evil tidings—the bird of ill-omen, who had croaked to such a dismal tune. His evidence would be of the utmost value in the case, as, if he could prove young Ferguson's death, there would be less difficulty in establishing Norah's claim to the whole property as sole heiress. However, there was no help for it now, there was only the chance that the man might return for the sake of obtaining money, as from Norah's account of his sinister appearance, there was every prospect that he would sell his evidence to the highest bidder, and if Norah would not purchase it, he would no doubt levy black mail on Santley. Mr. Broughton had no sooner left Mr. Santley than the latter gentleman's wife glided into the room, with the noiseless step and sinuous movement that was natural to her. As she stood beside her husband's couch, he started, a, prey to the most abject terror. She looked at him with perfect scorn and contempt expressed in her face. No gleam of pity for him shone in her light prominent eyes softening their stern look-no smile detracted from the hard line of her cruel mouth. " Well, old man," she said, " what do you intend to do in this matter, are you so weak and contemptible that you intend to give up all you possess at the first word ; are you going to yield everything that not only makes life pleasant but endurable ? If you think the lawsuit will go against you, why not make terms ? That silly fool, Norah Ferguson, would share half the property with you, if you asked her. You should be up and doing, instead of lying here groaning, trembling and starting at every shadow, as if you expected to see a ghost or the devil come for you before your time," and she laughed a harsh laugh, that had neither mirth nor music in it. "Rouse yourself, be a man instead of a miserable drivelling dotard, what you cannot claim by law win by finesse, address, and cunning ; you were not always a man like this. 1 might hazard a shrewd guess, that the time ha8 been when you would not have hesitated at anything, I say anything that stood between you and the gold you loved. See what you can do now to rescue the fortune that is imperilled. " "I cannot, I cannot," said Santley. "There is a Providence, though I never believed it before; to think that ?she should be his sister. It is fate, remorseless fate. " " What rubbish are you mumbling ? Do you give me tc understand that you will make no effort to save anything, and that my settlement is of no value-for it is part of the disputed property-and that it must go as well as every, thing belonging to us, that we will be beggars !" "It must all go, all go," said Santley, rocking himself tc .and fro in nervous trembling. " Then if it goes, I go," said Agatha. " I shall take th« liberty of taking care of myself. I have jewels, and I shal claim aB mine whatever I can conveniently take, and leav< this accursed house and you, you miserable, trembling wretch !" "Don't go, Agatha, don't leave me," said Santley, hil .request prompted more by his superstitious terrors thai by regard for his wife. "Don't gol" repeated she, scornfully. "Why should! stay 1 You know as well as I do that I married you fo your money, and that I should as soon have thought o marrying that miserable, ragged wretch I see parading th .street opposite as you, had you not been reputed to be om of Sydney's richest men. Your wealth bought me, an( that having flown, my part of the contract is at an end We have not been so happy or devoted that we shouh shed any sentimental tears at the conclusion of an allianc that was so purely business-like." And without another word, or gesture of farewell, sh swept away, her silken draperies making a rustling as sh went out of the room, and out of his life for ever. The old man got up from his couch and rang the bell, pea after peal, but no obsequious servant hastened to obe; the summons. Hats leave a sinking ship, and the domes ticB, bound by no ties of affection, did not feel incline' to hurry themselves to attend to their employer's wants. "It's only missis in one of her tantrums," said the dornet tic whose duty it was to answer the bell ; "let her ring hei .self into a good temper again." The shadows of night were falling, the lamps were bein lit in the streets ; one light shone into the apartment i which Santley lay, casting a broad band of light across tl room, but leaving the corners in deeper shadow than befon and increasing the terror of the conscience-stricken wretcl He hastened to don his clothes, eager to escape from tl room, with itB ghostly horror thick upon it, and longing 1 .find human companionship. He opened a drawer and toe from it a loaded revolver, and concealed it hastily in h dress; from another his trembling hands were taking rolls < notes, when the door noiselessly opened, some one glided i; ?and closed and locked it. Santley Bprang back in horror, which was not relieve when the figure, coming into the light, he saw that it w: .Jack Dawson. " So, you didn't expect me, and you was a goin' out, pe haps : you've a appointment this evening, if so you mu postpone it-my business is particular, and can't be put o: You've come pretty well to the end of your tether, old ma I've found as revenge is sweeter even than gold. The rope ready that's to hang you. You thought old Jack Daws« would be satisfied to spend your money, and soon drink hi self into his grave, and leave you to go on with your ov ?villainies : but I'm a tough 'un, and I ain't squared accoun with you yet. Do you know how it was that your son, th charmin' young feller, such a noble chip of the old block, g nabbed the other day ? Why it was me as spotted him, ai :give the information as got him took, not for any grudge I had agin him, but partly becoa I knew it would touch the only spot in you as has got any feeling, and for uo other reason ; and now, that all the gold as you took from that young idiot, Ferguson, is gone, I ain't no call to keep your secrets no longer, and I ain't a-goin' to. I've took my eggs to a better market. Afore I come here I sent a paper tellin' all about it to the inspector of perleece ; they'll be round by and by, and I'll see you swing yet. It'll be a joyful day when Silas Dibley makes his last speech and confession. But I must have some money first. He then went to the bureau drawer, still open, and took from it several rolls of notes and gold, and then wrapped himself in a warm over- coat that hung in the room, and that would help as a disguise, j Whilst this was taking place his enemy had never moved, except to crouch farther an i farther from the man who had constituted himself the avenger of Ned Ferguson's death. Now he somewhat recovered himself, and said, " if I swing you will hang too ; I know and can prove enough about you to make you die at the end of a rope." ' ' You make a mistake, old man ; you can't hang me. Why out in Californy a mob got me, and were goin' to lynch me-in fact they did do it, and strung me up, but the same instant a young feller, brave as a lion, sprang amongst the mob of demons and cut me down ; he was shot, but not killed, and in the skrimmage that followed I got off. " "A curse on the fool for his meddling officiousness," said Santley, between his teeth. " You'd say so if you know'd it was the same young chap as set me "Lo hunt down that clever young son of yours. " " Then a double curse light on him-why should he work ill to my son ? Who is he, that he should wish to harm him ?" " Why, if you must know, I know'd him as Arthur Wil- son, but I've found out that his name's Broughton-you may know better than I do, what reason he had to hate your son, and to bring him within four walls. Santley sank down again at this, overwhelmed with the accumulated crimes, sins, and their punishment, that had overtaken him, Dawson continued, in a taunting tone,-" I wonder how that young chap of yours, with his white hands and dainty ways will like the hard labour, the coarse food, the confinement. We found it bad enough when we was mates at Port Arthur ; but it'll come harder upon him. If you'd a know'd what was in store for him you could a' got him into better training for it." "Hold your tongue about him," said Santley. " I be- lieve you are the devil himself come to torture me." "No, no, my old mate, I ain't him; you will find he's far wuss nor me when you make his acquaintance. It's about time the perleece was here-I must stay and see them march you off ; I've waited so long for my revenge, that I I mustn't lose one grain of the satisfaction ' now. It'll come pretty hard upon your fine lady wife now, to have to come out of her grand carriage, and to walk as other folks as she's been casting up the dirt on. To give up her dimons, and jools, and silk gowns-and to dress as becomes the widow of a man as was hanged." Whilst the hideous face of Dawson was working the evil passions of hate and revenge, revealed plainly by the light of the street lamp, Santley's was in deep shadow, which hid the murderous settled purpose that was gathering there. Dawson lit his pipe, and smoked, and spat on the rich carpets, interjecting remarks calculated to rouse his foe to the greatest fury. " I'm longing to see you," said he, "held by two bobbies, and the darbies on your wrists ; them fellows is long in coming," "Long or short," said Santley, in a voice ringing with passion, "you shan't live to see it !" His eyes blazed with a light that was more than aDger-it was madness ; he sprang forward, drew his revolver, and shot his foe through the heart ; then, hastily placing the weapon in his mouth, as he heard footsteps approaching, he fired, but the shot only lacerated his mouth and tongue, passing out at the cheek, close to the ear. There was a sound of hurried footsteps in the passage, and a confusion of voices ; the door was beaten upon, and finally the lock forced ; whatever the terrified group of servants expected the sight that met their gaze exceeded their fears. Dawson lay in the middle of the floor, quite dead, weltering in his blood, whilst Santley, who had managed to drag himself into the corner farthest from his victim, was a ghastly spectacle : his wild eyes gleaming with the fire of madness, whilst the blood streamed from mouth and cheek : such was the terror he inspired that none dared go near him until the police arrived, when the murderer, by that time a raving madman, was secured and taken away. 