(jilulhrens (Ealnmn. WAS HE A HERO ? Many a time Frank Clinton had looted up to the beautiful outline of Mount Diablo, standing out against the distant sky, with the natural longing to climb its rugged heights and gaze upon the wonderful panorama to be seen from the summit. His father had promised to take the whole family there some day, but "some day" is usually long in cominfr, and so it had proved in this instance. Great then was Frankss delight when he was invited by his teacher, r Mr. iSaylor, to accompany him on an excursion to the mountain, along with the other members of bis class. They were to be gone two dn.ys, aud c.±minn^ out would see the sun set and rise, and, beat of allv Mr. Nay lor meant to take his rifle and try to get a shot at a deer. Never were six ljoys in a wilder state of excitemtnt, though it was the private belief of Frank's faurily, that the other five combined could scarcely equal their boy in his exuberant delight. There w as nothing else tlioughtof or spoken about; it was the mountain, the mountaiu, from morning to ci^ht, and every book in the hoiue was ransacked which could throw a lay of light on the history or gc-osa'aphy of Contra Costa county, that the young mountaineer might not be ignorant ou any point. It had been settled that Mr. Xaylor should go first to Martinez to make all necessary arrangements, the l>ovs were to join him there, where he would have a conveyance in readiness on the arrival of their train. Each member of the party was to carry his own blanket, and to contribute to the general stock ot provisions. Mothers have a fashion of interesting themselves intensely in the pleasures of their children, and Airs. Cliiton had never taken greater 1 >ains than in preparing the couteuts of Frank's lunch basket. Frank himself looked on with sparkling eyes. " How gcod you are he exclaimed at last, giving Tier a regular bear's hug. " I don't believe there's another fellow in the world has got a mother like you." "I wonder what you would do if anything happened to keep you at home, Frank ?" said his eldest sister, teasiogly. "Do !" exclaimed the boy, " it's the rest of you would have something to do ; either to bury me or to send me to Jvapa. ' " Frank," said his mother, shaking 1 her head, " don't be fooliBh. I should be as sorry as vou if you should have such a disappointment ; but it would not cost either of us our life or our reason, I hope." " Well, I don't want to have it tried," said Frank, as he turned awav. The next morning broke bright and beautiful ; there was no sign of cloud or fog ou all the wide horizon, and Frank was ready to set out in good season. His own home was about a mile distant from the village where the other boys lived, and he was to meet them at the station. By taking a short cut through the fields and along the railroad, he could shorten the distance somewhat, and as it was not convenient for his father to drive hiin over, he went in that way. Passing the house of their nearest neighbour—a lady who had lately lost her husband —he saw her little daughtar standing at the garden gate. " Where's 'oo goin'she asked, for Frank and she were great friends. " Away up there to the top of the mountain," said Frank, as he pointed to Mount Diablo. " Oh, ltt me go wi£ 'oo," said little Margie entreatingly. " Not this time, Margie, said t rank. " Wait till you're a great big girl, and then I'll take you." . " I wants to go now, said Margie, beginning to cry; but Frank, thinking her tears would cot last long, said, "I'm sorry, Margie, but I can't take you now. Ran in and ask your another if y'ou can go when you are big enough.Then he walked on. Why did he not look back': Many times afterwards he asked himself that question, but now he was onlv intent on what lay before him. He soon reached the railroad; it was safe enough walking on the track at that hour, for there was no train due before the one he was to meet at the station ; there was plenty of time, and he did not hurry. Two of the boys were before him, and the other three soon joined them ; but as the last one made his appearance, the others raised a shout, "Tom, where's your lunch-basket';'' , , Poor Tom ! He was one of those boys who are always late, always forgetful, and hi3 blank look was too much ior the rest of the party, who burst out laughing. " I forgot n>y watch," he Baid, " and when I went back for it I put my basket down under a bush, and now—what am I to do? " Yon can't go back," said Frank ; " the train is due in ten minutes. Bat never mind —you can go shares with me. I've got enough for—why, Margie 1" . ^ With one bound Frank sprang ofl the platform, and caught up a little figure toiling painfully along the track. " Margie what are you doing here'! \\\ here did you come from " l'se goin' wif 'oo to the mountain, said Margie, nodding her small head. " But you can't go with me,' said Frank, in despair. "Where is your mother V' _ " She's home. I runned away. I'se goin wif 'oo" T, , .. , ^ " Fellows," exclaimed Frank, what on earth am I to do with her? She lives close to our home, and she's followed me all the way-" , ,, . -• " Send her back the way she came, said one. "Leave her here till somebody comes for suggested her," said a third. another. "Take her along," He could not send her back, the poor little creature, at the risk of her life, neither could he leave her there with no one to take care of her. A mist came over his eyes, and his heart beat wildly with a feeling of suffocation, as he heard in the distance the whistle of the approaching train ; but his mind was made up. " Boys," he said, "if anything happened to that child her mother would go out of her senses. I must take her home." " And give up the trip ?" There was a general howl from all the party. " Yes," said Frank. " Tell Mr. Naylor I couldn't hell) it. Here Tom, take my basket. I'm glad mother's lunch won't go to waste. Good-by. Have a fine time." He was glad of the hurry and bustle, giving him no time to think, but as the tram moved off, and the boys shouted and waved their handkerchiefs out of the windows, do you blame him for feeling cruelly disappointed ? "Now, little Maigie," he said to the child, whose hand he had held all the time, "I must take vou home." Something in the tone of his voice made Margie understand that she had been naughty. " l'se sorry, Frank," she said with a sob, " but I did want to go wif oo." " Never mind," said Frank, " we 11 go another time;" and taking her up he carried her, for she was too tired to walk. The hired girl came running to meet him as he drew near the house. Oh, Mister Frank, wherever did ye find the child ? It's out of me senses I am with the fright." . Y ou'd better look after her another time, said Frank. "I found her at the station." Nora lifted her hands and eyes in horror. "What would the mother say? She's sick in bed, aud I never told her the child was gone." . " Don't tell her now, said Frank. Ixoodby, Margie, don't run away again." He dreaded the meeting at home, but when went in the back way and opened the kitchen door, his mother was alone. " Frankshe started with surprise and i right. "Don't be afraid, mother, its not my ghost," and in a tew words he told her all. Those two days were pretty hard to bear; indeed, Frank did not know how he could have got through, them without his mother's help ; but she managed to save him from being pitied, wliile at the same time lie felt that every one in the house shared his disappointment. And when the excursionists returned he was at the station to meet them, eager to hear all their news. What was it that was taken out of the train and laid on the platform ? A beautiful deer with branching horns? Frank's unselfish delight was as great as that of the boys who had been witness of Mr. Naylor's exploit. " I will be over this evening, Frank, to tell you all our adventures," said the teacher, taking the boy's hand with a kindly pressure. And he kept his word. " We all missed you," he said privately to Frank in the course of the evening, but the reason for your absence was one that made me proud of my scholar." A month later there was a surprise party at Frank's home—a real surprise party, for no one had any hint of it until the door bell rang, and Mr. Naylor and the five boys who had gone up the mountain were ushered in. They brought with them a mysterious box, which was opened and found to contain the antlers of a deer, mounted and ready for putting up over the door. " When I shot the deer," said Mr. Naylor, " I decided that the antlers should be the ijropcrty of that member of our party who lad shown most unselfishness and the greatest desire to minister to the happiness of others. When 1 asked the other boys to help me to decide who should have this memorial of our excursion, they answered with one voice,' Frank Clifton,' and I think there is no doubt tliey decided right. There is a very pretty little poem of Celia Thaxter's, which you may have read, whose closing verse you will find engraved on the little silver plate attached to the memento. The words are these :— That was noble, Roger, that was glorious, Thus to help the weak- Better than to set your ftae victorious On earth's highest peak. Great applause followed Mr. Naylor'a speech, and afterwards there was a pleasant evening, with songs and games and a famous supper, of which Tom's share had not beeu forgotten. " But, mother," said Frank, when the company had left, " it eeems like making a graat fuss about nothing, after all, for what else could I have done ?" And his mother smiled a very happy, satisfied smile, as she answered, "Dear, the noblest deeds which have won the highesj praise have been performed by men who were thinking only of doiug the duty which lav before them, as my boy did when he gave up his own pleasure to bring little Margie home."—Fi.ral Prfxx. 