Local and General News. I he first section of the Gundagal railway will probably be opened on Noverber 1. The l1st quarter's collection at the Albury Custom-house amounted to £6168 14s. A committee has been formed in London' to promote separation in Northern Queens land. The London Standard is again indulging in comments on the lavishing borrrwisg of this colony. A seam of coal has been struck at Red clife, near Brisbane, at ai dejith of. b7 feet 1rom the surface. 'Fle General Post-office "will probably be completed in January next, the stonework being now finmshed. \Ir. O'M7ara announced in the Assembly that he would not be a candidate at the next general election. The election campaign will probably begin in earnest now, Several candidates are announced to-day. A strong feeling of indignation exists throughout Bulgaria at the proposed de thronement of Prince Alexander. It is understood that Sir Alexander Stuart will resign on account of his health. The new Premier is a subject for epecula tion. The German gunboat Albatross, which went ashore on reef near Yap (Caroline Group), has been got off with the loss of portion of her false keel. Twenty-three societies will ta'ce part in the Eight Hours' Demonst ation in Sydney. There will be 50 delegates from the neign bouring colonies present. The council of the Free '1rade Associa cbiation on Friday adopted a manifesto setting forth in nsuccinc form the objects and plan of operations. A nugget of gold weighing 63oz0. was found at Burrendong, near Irrinbarks, on Thursday by a man named Becli, who dug it up with a pick while' tossickrng about. The A.d.N. Co.'s. steamer Victoria re turned from the Caroline Islands on Friday, bringuig some interesting details of the recent annexation proceedings there. The baneful effdct of .grocers being allowed to sell intoxicating liquors was generally admitted at a cdnference of the ?.eamens Clri tisn Temp?race Union'in ·Sydney. ! 1Ir. Dalleyr tated the.bother night that the GovP'inamdnt are satisfied chat imme diately on Graham Bennett'sireleasse ,asteps will be taklen~to'end him to his parente in England. A diversity of opinion, it is reported, exists between Germany, Austria, ani Russia conceriing the revolution in loiu melia, and is delaying the me?ting of the conference. - The jury in the case of the mysterious death of a child at Narrandera tailed to agree, and were discharged. Seven were in favour of a verdict of murder against the prisoner Neville. g t According.to Mr.-M'Elhone, Mr. Wright's conauct in relation to the transformation of his firm into a limited liability company is a gross fraud perpetrated for the sake bf feathering his neat. At all the Anglican churches in Sydney yesterday sermons on '"missions to the heathen". were preached. At the Cathedral in the afternoon the Primate discoursed on the reflex' effect of "missions on home work." An extraordinary rumour affecting the sta bility of the Federal Bank led to a shlight run on the bank on Friday, but there is not the slightest necessity for anything of the kina. The bank is in a very prosperous state. The Scho61 of Arts Committee were on Thursday requested by a deputation from the debating club committee to allow strangeirj to be presentat t.,e club debates as listeners. T'he matter is to be con sidered. ,J. Creer and Son report-having sold by auction,' on Saturday, on the ground, five allotments of land situated at the corner of Tihrosby 'and Union streets, Wickham; which brought from i£5 to £i per foot ; total amount realised, ~56i6 Is. At the Trades U?nidnolCdligress, which opens on Tuesday, representatives of six colonies will take part, including tiro tailoresses fr3m Victor a. Over 20 subjects have been set down for discussion. ho Congress Will sit about a week. The steamer Adeline;had a narrow escape whilst coming into the harbour on Saturday, after a. fishing excursion, but through the manner in which Captain Williams managedr .the helm anything serious. was happil1 averted. A very heavy sea broke close undec he' stern, which caused her to broach-to, but she got clear, and reached the wharf in safety. :The business done at the Police Court on S:ituray was extremely light. The most important case, scharge of travelling.with out paying his fare from Sydney by thewe.s. ,fMaitland, against; Frank'Warden, a sman who has gained consider le notoriety, in this city and dydney. The acctsed pl~aded for time to go and procure, the money to pay his fare,';but Mr. MWair 1ed hiuim'20s, or seven days' imprisonment?. . A large number of persons visited the steamer Belgic, lying at the dyke, yesterday, the only drawback being the waut of agang way to admit of .ladies getting easily cn board. The only meaus of reaching the deck was an ordinary rung'ladder froni tie wharf to the ship's side. A few of tlfi gentle sex defied the risk and went up the ladder, but the great majority went. away disappoirited. If it is a fair question, we would like to aslk -Who is to blame for this iunusual want of ?ourtcuy ? i. Tihe Literary Head of the Salvation Army 'evidently considers :there connected with tlie literay department of the Herald and Adi?ocate in a bad way. Else why should we.find among our.exchanges, on Friday, no less .than ..to; Wlr' Orys-otle: of these especially addressed " to the editor" of this journual.., A perusal of: this Glory-Hallelugah publication, filled. us with. interest, : not to say wonder, at the ingenuity of. the.editor of our contemporay in finding so many. names :aor, the salvation troops doing duty. in virious parts of the couotiy.. For instance, we have the Balmain e Bravcs;e the Pyrmont "Pickets," the Waterloo 'WYonders." the Grafton" Guards," the Goulburn '.Gideons," 'the Lambhton" Lions,'" tlhel Kiama " Kings " (wve had, slmost written ".ghosts "'),the Noira "nathans," thie Maitland "M ili. tants," the Wallsend "Warriors' ," the Crookwell . "Crusnaders,"' the Batburst '"Bombadirs,'" the .Newcvistla "Knights,'~" thc: Paddington "Pilgrims," the Syduey "Songsters," the Pnrramatta "Patrols, 'the, .Miarrickville ",Marksmen," and so on,. Under these variois hdadings we find par:tiouinars of the.local doings of the Army, aid \rv also find a giseat~ deal about the recent disclosures in the PallS-Mall Gazettoe -with a promise of "more .t6 comu!'-a, good s deal more to conie- next.wek. It is hard to fathom the ways of .the:Saved' of course-that is saved by the Army, but we can only 'imagine that the Hallelujah. Glory and Volley Leaders in this colony have .come to a determination to lift hp the.wicked Pressmen from the depths id" hicli 'ive are engulphed. Hence the arrival of the WPar Crys in question. We hope our brethern of the quill in various parts of the colony have been similarly favoured; they will find the "Crys'' nice light Sundayrcading, especially after writing a crushing leader fornext day's paper, in wlhich some unfortunate wight has been well. slated for not paying up hisa subsorip. tion or other causes, 