TNE CASE OF MR. VAN KLUCEN. ClIAPTEIt IV. On tho Thursday morning following I was sent for specially by tho govoraor. With him I found the chaplain. They wanted mo to find out Mr. Henry Trevis, and deliver into his hands tho letter and the ring left for him by Mr. Van Klugen. The distance to Waveney Mallow was 40 miles, and I was instructed to start hy tho first train. I was glad enough to have such a holiday, and nil my expenses paid iflto the bargain, I readied Waveney Mallow in duo course, nnd was not long in finding Mr. Trcvis's domicile. It was an old fashioned red brick house, standing back from the street in a courtyard of its own. I rang thu bell, asked for Mr. Trevis, and was ushered into a small anteroom. Presently there entered to mo an elderly lady, handsome but careworn. There was a troubled look in her eyes, aud an apprehensive something in her nir and manner, as though she lived in momentary dread of hearing some unwelcome tidings. : I asked for Mr. Trevis, Her son, she said, was away in London. Would not she do in his stead? I was sorry, but my instructions were to see Mr. Trevis himself. If that gentleman was in London, to London I must go. Would she kindly furnish mo with her son's address ? "Yes, of cotinie I will," she replied, "if it is really requisite that you should have it. Bnt — I hope tlic-re' is nothing wrong — that you have no unpleasant business with my son, whioh renders it necessary that you should seo him in person ?" "Nothing unpleasant, madam, so far as I know. Merely to deliver into his hands a letter from a gentleman who died a few days ago." Her face brightened at once. " In that case I will go and write vouout Herman's address," she said. " Meanwhilo you won't object to. a glass of sherry." She loft the room. Just as she reached the door there was a rush of l'ght footsteps down the passage, and a' girlish voice exclaimed, " Oh, mamma, here's another box froth Herman, nnd all for me this timo ! Such lovely things; And n tiny casket with a locket aud earrings ! Diamonds and rubies- nothing less. How kind of him not to forget us now that his speculations arc turning out so well." ; "Hush; my darling ! Don't speak so loud. Pray Heaven that Herman bo not rushing into doeper misfortunes than any we have known yet." . The next train took me up to town, nnd twenty minutes after my arrival there. I was. set down at tho entranco to Gray'b Inn. Mr. Trevis's rooms proved to be on tho second floor; up- a harrow stone . staircase. I had just Bet my foot on tho bottom step when I had to make way for a lady who was coming slowly.down. You might have knocked me over .with a Btraw when, on looking up, I saw. tha't the lady was none other than tho mother of Mr. Van Elugcn. There was a smile on her face as she came down. . Sho passed close in front of me, but witiiout recognising me, ' Having fonnd Mr, Trevis's rooms, I knocked, and 'then, in obedience to a summons from within, I opened the door and went in. The room in which I found myself was an ordinary placcenough, scantily, even shabbily, furnished. Its only occnpant was Sir. Trevis himself, who was rending as I opened the door. He was » man of about five-and.thirty, with short black hair, an aquiline nose, and a thick drooping moustache — a man whom I had certainly never seen before. He shut his book and started to his feet " Hollo, Denvil ! what on cartli brings yon here?' he exclaimed. I wn3 so dumbfounded to Gnd lie knew me hy name that for a moment or two I had not a word to say. \- "And how's Stockley ? and Stockley's wife? and Stooklcy's baby ?" he went on. " But sit down, man, and recover yourself a bit. That staircase of mine is an ugly pnlh" I suppose I must have looked very ridiculous as I sat staring at him in a helpless sort of way, for he broke into a laugh. " And now tell me what has brought you so far from home," ho Baid, " so far from dull little Hemingford and the precincts of the county gaol." Tve brought a letter for yon from tho lato Mr. Van Klugen," I said,, hardly knowing whethor I stood on my head or my heels. His face darkened a littlo. "Prom the late Mr. Van Klugen i Just so. Woll, as Propertius said' long ago, 1 sooner or later death comes to all.' " I bonded him tho letter. "And I have here a ring," I said, " which Mr. Van Klugen took off his finger and wished to have sent to you only a few hours before— before you know what, sir." He took the ring eagerly and pressed it twice to his lips,- " Thanks— a thousand thanks !" he said. " It was really very kind and thoughtful of Van. Klugen: to send me the ring. To mo it is beyond price." He tried to put it on his little finger, bnt it woe too small. He looked greatly disappointed. Then he pressed tho ring to his lips again and put it quietly in his pockot. " And now for the letter; lie said. Ho opened and read it. " It has been done already," ho romnrked in a low voice, more as if speaking to himself- than to me. "Ho might havo felt sure that I Bhould not fail in aught that I promised. They will never know the sting of poverty again. I rose to go. Mr. Trevis rose also and crossed to the window, where ho stood for a minute or two looking out into tho' quiet square. "And— and Mr. Van Klugen— in what manner did he meet his fate ?" he asked with his back still towards me. ' " With courage and resignation/" " That is well ; that 1b very well," ho said. Then he sighed deeply, and stood for a littlo while without speaking, I coughed as a gentlo reminder that it was time for mo to go. He turned and took out his purse. " Hero is a sovereign for your expenses," ho said, "aud hero s a trifling douoeur for yourself." I pocketed the money, thanked him, and took my leave, ClIArTER V. " Two days later I was sont for by Mr Barker, the gaol chaplain, for whom I had" acted as nmanucusis on more than one occasion previously. " I hare hero a confession," he said, "which was written out by Mr. Van Klugen tho nM,t before his execution. It is a singular d«u- m.ont— so singular, indeed, that I can only set it down ns the product of a mind diseased and thoroughly out of tunc. Before allowing tiis original to pass out of my hands I am desirom of having a copy made for my privato use, That task I now entrust to you, relying im' plicitly upon your discretion to keep the contents of the document a secret from every one." I took the confession, nnd after I had finished Mr. Barker's copy I thought that I might 03 well malm a duplicate for myself, It is tho contents of that duplicate which, after a quarter of a century, and when neithoi Mr. Trevis, Mr. Barker nor tile governor is any longer among tho living, that I now take upon myself to make public, leaving tiie reador, without further comment, to draw from it whatovcr conclusion may 6eem to him most feasible under tho circumstances. THE CONFESSION. "Hemingford Gaol: "Monday, -1th August, 18—. "The e'.ock has just struck twelve, and nine hours are all that are now left to me in this world. There is a dull sound of hammer ing in the distance, the meaning, of which I cannot mistake. Bnt it is early yet, and the hangman is doubtless sleeping the sloop of ths just. " I can hardly bring the thought home to my miud that I ain really and truly to die when next the clock strikes nine. Yet such is the lamentable fact, and I must hurry over my confession — if confession it can be called. " Were I a humorist I could find food for mirth, though it were of the grimmest, iu my present predicament— or rather in the thought how every one around me iB being fooled with out one of them so much as suspecting it. Neither the worthy governor, nor the chaplain, nor the Bheriff, nor the hangman dreams for one moment that they arc ahont to carry out what is termed " the last sentence of the law" on the wrong man. Aud yet such is the indubitable fact. At nine o'clock this summer morning they are going to liang, not l'elix Van Klugen, but Hcrfcort Trevis ; but they don't know it, and they never would were I ts die without penning these lines. Those who read will probably disbelieve what I am about to set down. But I ennnot help that. My objeat, oven had I tho requisite time and inclination, is not to strive to make converts, hut to leave behind me a simple record of facts. "To begin at the beginning. I was'tho only son of well to do parents, and having in addi- ' tion certain expectations from a rich uncle, I was brought up to no profession, uor, indeed, ever taught to do a day's work in my life. For some years I led an irregular and dissipated life in London and Paris. ' My uncle's death proved tho weakness of the foundation cn which my expectations had been . bnsod. He died very rich, but my name ! was not even mentioned in bis will; Shortly afterwards my father died, comparatively impoverished. A paltry two thousand was all that came to mo on his demise. As a matter of course it did not last me very long. When mv last sovereign was spent I bethought me of certain coupons which my uiothor had planed in my hands for security. They constituted the provision left her hy my father for her old age. I disposed of them at their market value, and appropriated the proceeds. (A confession is not worth calling by that name when it hides anything. I trust that whoever may read .tbeso lines in time to come will give me credit for my frankness.) " Later on, by means of a fictitious docu ment, I obtained possession of my sister's little dowry. It went tho way of alt that ha'd' gone before, nnd ono morning I wcke up to the consciousness that a solitary sovereign svas the last coin I had in the world. I could neither work nor beg, and there was nothing more that I could conveniently 'convey.'' A life of poverty and privation was not to bo thought of. I mado up my mind that .there was nothing left for me but to go through the _ ceremony of the Happy Dispatch. It did not take me long to arrive at this con clusion. I wrote a letter to my mother and sister, to be forwarded to them after ail was over, in Whioh I told them everything, and asked them to try to forgive me. Then I burnt sundry papers which would r.ot hear reading by other eyes, and after that I sallied forth into the streets for the lasr time. Shun ning my clnband the sight of any one I knew, I took my dinner all alone at a French enft) at the back of Regent-street. The change out of my lastsovereign I gave to apoor girfat tiie corner ; then I lighted my cigar and walked slowly back to my room's. 1 " I mast now go back to an illness which I had some five years before this time. It ivas a fever of some kind, and it nearly cost memv life. I had takea a turn for the better an! was slowly recovering, when ono night, as I lay asleep, I went through a very Btrnugo ex perience. I became cooscious that, without being dead, or, indeed, without any exercise cf will on my part, my inner self — my ego — my spiritual essonco, or whatever you may choose to term it, had quitted its earthly tenement for a while, and was wandering aimlessly through space, like a ghost new fledged in search of a home. In the stato in which I was I know neither fear nor elation, nnd wonder was an unknown quality. I was as one in a dream, and was as little trammelled by the ordinary physical laws . of the universe ns dreamers usually are. But I had a vivid con sciousness of life — of a spiritual, etherealised kind of life — which far exceeded anything I had over experienced in dreams. At one moment I- saw my body lying liko a dead husk that I had cast behind me ; the next, by the morost exercise of my will, I was in the hut of au Australian friend. Ho was smoking and reading over once more the well-thumbed letter I had sent him half a year before. Another instant, and I was back with my mother and sister in the old homo at M'aveuey Mallow. My mother was about to put out tho lamp for tho night, my s:st6r was touching a few minor chords on the piano. ' Thank heaven that my boy is bettor !' I heard ray mother Bay. ' To-night I can go to bed with a thankful heart.' But hotli friendship and affection seemed dead within me; and I passed on Utterly unmoved. At tho end of about an hour and a half I came back to ordinary life as from & deepor sleep titan common, to find that X hftfl frightened botli doctor and nurso, ivho hnd given me up as a dead man. il This atrango experience had a considerable , effect upon my mind at the time j but tho lifo I wft tlicn leadiug quickly woro away nil aorious impressions. I looked upon it assomc thing that would never happen again, and etrovo to forgot it as much as possible. . ."KoUill three years had passed away, and I was recovering from a sharp attack of delirium tremens, did anything of the same kind happen to me again. I was dreadfully low and weak at the time, and felt that I would almost sooner die than nndergo the horrors of such a recovery. It was while in this deaponding mood that I fell into a trance (if I may so call it) similar to the one which I have alroady described, and with experiences nlmo3t precisely identical in character. I came out of it as before, thought it strange, And with returning health forgot nil about it. <fI now come to the night of which I have already made mention, when I found myself at the end of fortune's tether, and had made up my mind that there was no resource left mo aavo suicide. . ; "When I got back to my rooms after dining at the caff: I sat with my feet on tho fender, to smoke a last pipo and rausc awhile. The pistol was ready to my hand, and I had vowed to myself that the very moment the clock ctrnck one I would blow out my brains. ' I suppose I must have gone off to sleep while sitting thus, as the next thing that I remember is finding myself— or rather my incorporeal essence — dissociated from my body, and that without any volition of my own in tho matter. I " I fou nd myself in a large and sombre room lined with books and lighted by a solitary lamp. On the opposite side of tno table was seated the shade of a man whom I never remembered haviug seen before — a grave, handsome, middle aged personage. His figure was surrounded by a sort of faint halo of white misty light ; probably my own figure presented a similar appearance, but I did not know it, What I did know, by somo intuitive process which X cannot explain, was that I had been drawn thither by the superior wiii power of ! tho figure before me. I then learnt for the first time that others beside myself possessed the same strange faculty of being able to leave their earthly husk behind them for a brief season. But what in mo was abnormal and beyond my own control was in tho figure before me norma! and exercisable at will. ' Mr. Van Klugcn — for he it was — had only to lie down with his head and feet pointing due north and south, and to will intensely, in ! Order to bring on a atato of coma or trance, in which for tho time being the sp.rit could separate itself from tho body almost as easily 03 tho body could cast off its outer clothing. All this I learned in after conversation with Van Klugcn. He told tnc, too, that his fcxpericneo had brought him into contact With somo half dozen people possessed of the same singular faculty ; but in nono of them was it so powerfully developed as in himself. With him, in fact, the process had almost ( become formulated into the simplicity of an exact science. \ "'We have never mot before,' began tho shade of Mr. Van Klugcn, but so fino is the chord of sympathy which vibrates between one human soul and each and overy soul when no . longer shut up in a fleshly tenement, that as I . Bat here, pining in solitude, and longing for a companion, I knew to an instant when I was no longer alone in this debatable land that lies between the common world and the world of spiriU emancipated by death. I willed Strongly that you should como hither, and you are here. Bat you are troubled, brother shade. Youare wanting in that air of serenity which should ever accompany the philosophic mind.' ji l Why I have been brought hither without any wish on my own part is a mystery to me/ I said, 'seeing that I am due in Hades at fivo . minutes past one. | " 4 la it indeed so ? And I am to be made ft spectacle for gods and man outaido the walls of a certain gaol at nine o'clock ucxt Monday morning— and that for a crimo of which I am fts innocent as you are. After oil, our fates aro not so dissimilar.' i " ' Would that I could change places with you !' X exclaimed. ' It is surely better to die innocent, oven by the hangman's hand, than to be driven to end one's oxistence by . one's own act.' "'That is as it may bo. But tell me what has brought you to this bitter strait' "I told him everything— all my faults, follies and crimes, and how I bad come to tho conclusion that there was no way out of my coil of troubles but one. " Ho listened attentively, ' And would you really prefer to change places with me V ho Asked when I had done. < " ' Really and truly I would. I have a horror of blowing out my brains ; and since die I must, X should prefer to be put out of existence automatically by the hand of another.' "A long conversation followed, which I have neither time nor inclination to detail. The result may be stated In a few words. ' In the first placo wc were to exchange identities, I was to becomo the tenant of the unoccupied body of Felix Van Klugen, at that time lying in a comatose state in Hem- ingford gaol ; he was to become tho tenant of my unoccupied body, at that time lying in my chambers at Gray's Iun, I, as the tenant of Van Klogen'a body, woa to suffer the extreme penalty of tho law on tho day appointed for that ceremony, in return for which, out of his wealth (which ho had taken tho precaution to nettle on his mother previously to his trial), he was to pay thowholo of my debts, to re' fund my mother's portion and my sister's dowry, and in addition to acttlo fivo hundred a year for life upon each of them. "These preliminaries having been agreed upon, it was decided that we should meet on the following night at the same tiino and placo for tho further discussion of our plan. " Kveu alter I had got hack to tho world of Ovetyday nmlitiea I did not repent tho bargain I had made. By Van Klugou's instructions I took next ovcnlng a strong dose of opium in combination with certain other powerful Eastern drugs. Ten minutes after swallowing the mixture X fadod into unconsciousness, only to wake again in spirit in Van KhUen's library, whoro my shadowy ho3t was already Awaiting my arrival. "At that lust meeting everything was . arranged, and it was decided tint tho all important change should take placo tho following night. Much of tho time wo spent together was employed in coaohing up Van Klugen in the history of my family and myself, Ho entered into all tho details with avidity, and I do not doubt that those who, having known tho Herman Trevis of former days, may chooao to keep up their acquaintanco with the Herman 1'rovis of to-day, will find in him a change that will seem all but miraculous. In place of a spendthrift and a sot, of a man who cared for little beyond the gratification of his own vicious tastes, they will find a man temperate to the point of abstemiousness, a man rich iu philosophic culture, a scholar and a gentleman. How un accountable to them will seem such a trans formation ! " But another hour has just struck and I mUBt hurry on, " Next night we met again. Thorc were a few final arrangements to make, and then both of us were ready for the great change. We bIiooIc hands and parted. You know tho rest, A few seconds later I, Herman Trevis, found myself, in tho guise and outward somblanceof Felix Van Klugcn, a condemned felon in Hemingford gaol, whilo the real Felix Van IClugon would henceforth be known to the world as Herman Trevis. "I accepted the alternative offered me deliberately, and of my own free will. I can not say that I regret having done so, although I may have found it a matter of some difficulty to reconcile myself to the peculiarities of tho position. Even that, however, has been accomplished. "I pen this confession under no apprehen sion that its contents can ever bo made use of against the real Mr. Van Klugen. What, indeed, could the law do in such a caso? Nothing — absolutely nothing. It has claimed its victim, and it fa satisfied. — Pivfe.-— Herwan TitEVia;" — T. W, Speight, in Bclgravia, 