THE THIRD PUBLIC SESSION OP THE PLENARY COUNCIL. A PRONOUNCEMENT ON THE EDUCA TION QUESTION. Tho proceedings in connection with the third public session of tho Roman Catholic Plenary Council were commonced iu St. Mary's Cathe dral yesterday morning at half-past 10. After the processiou of bishops and clergy— nearly a hundred iu all — from the vestry to the sauctu- 'nry, the Cardinal and train-bearers being tho last in tho long lino, Pontifical High Mass was commenced. On thin occasion the pontificating prelate was tho Right Rov. Dr. Revielc, Coad jutor Bishop of Sandhurst, Victoria, who had for his attendant ministers tho Rov. Father O'Connor, the Rov. Father Byrne and the Venerable Archdeacon Rigncy. At his throne the Cardinol-Archbi3hop was attended by the Very Rev. Dr. "Carroll, V.G., and tho Very Rev. Dean IPCarthy. Under the direction of tho Very Rev. Dr. O'llaran, tho Very Rev. Dr. Murphy and tho Rev. Vincent Dwycr, tho various solemn cere monies of tho mass wore carried out with much ituprcssivetiess. The color of tho vestments of the mass was red ; the Cardinal wore his long and handsome robes of scarlet, waterwnvo silk, and the bishops their soutnns and mozettas of rich purple. Mozart's Twelfth Muss, with organ accompaniment, was Rung by the cathe dral choir, Mr. Hallewcll conducting, the bril liant (Horia having a particularly good effect. At the Offertory, Mr. James Hinchy, with ex- quisito sweetness, sang Aulnguicr's "O Salu- taris." Mass over, the Right Rev. Dr. P. Moran. Bishop of Dunetlin, New Zealand, ascended the pulpit, and delivered au earnest discourse, dealing entirely with the question of Catholic versus secular 'education. The Right Rev. Dr. P. Moran (Bishop of Dimedin, New Zealand), said " My Lord Car dinal, niy Lords, very Rev. and Rev. Brethren, and Brethren of the Laity,— Iu obedience to thn request of His Eminence,' who as apostolic dele gate preside! over this Plenary Synod, and whose request, must be considered by me as a command ; t come here to-dav to speak to you concerning the principles of Catholic edncatiou, not so much for tlio purpose of instructing yon, who are already well-informed upon theiu. as to put on recoVii solemnly iu prereucc of this august and representative assembly a summary of Catholic teaching on this most, important subject. These principles are founded, ou the one hand, ou the dictate : of sight reason, and on the other, on tho teaching of Our Lord Jesus Christ. Tie it is whoha said, u What will it avail a man to gain the whole world and lose his own soul, ami what shall a tuau give iu ex change for his soul ?" Also those other words, "going forth to teach all nations whatsoever I have commanded you, and lo, I am with you aU days till the consummation of the wovid and lastly, " ho that hears you hears mo, ami he that despises you despises me." Catholic principles of education are the logical develop- i meat of these words. What is really mmut by education ? In these days, when the whole world is. apparently most zealous in the eaunc of education, such an inquiry as this would seem to he altogether superlluous ; vet'it is not so. In the initnls of too many, education has become coufouiuled with mere instruction in some -secular subjects, to the great injury of education. It will l»e well for us, therefore, to carry with us in our relieciions an udeqmitc and accurate idea of u ha, education really mean.:. Education, then, as understood by Cutholicr. and all real scholars, moans the train ing of tho mural ami intellectual faculties of man for a certain end. But the end of man is manifold, and consequently if confusion is to be prevented, nome one end must be paramount. Man is a religious, civil and domestic being, or in other words, man hi Ids creation was destined for heaven hereafter, ami. iu this world, for civil society and ihe family, consequently for a three-fold end. Tlnoe authorities, then,' have a claim to interfere in his education. One end of his education is such a knowledge of God here ou earth as will. enable him to possess ilim in heaven, another such a training as will lit liiin to he a good and useful citizen, and in the third place he must be to brought up as to lie a worthy member of the family. The church, then, and tho Slate, ami the father of the family have all and each a right to a voice in teference to his education. Tho church, that lie may he enabled to become the child of God : the State, that he may become a good and useful citizen; and the head of the family, that he may be come a good son and a good brother/ Were t he.«o authorities to clash, confusion and many other evils would necessarily follow, and consequently from the very nature of things a due sub ordination amongst them is essential. It is clear then, that one must be find, one second, and another must be content with the third place. Their relative -order depends on their relative importance. The primarv cad of maa is to acquire here on earth that know ledge of God which will enable him to possess Him hereafter, and lo this the other two must be subordinate. Ah it is the right ami duty of the church to guide men in all that belongs to their primary end, hers must be the first place iu the truiuiug of their moral au«l intellectual faculties. This training then must begin under Iter auspices and be carried ou under her guid ance lest they uhouid unhappily lose that for wliich thev were created, and thus lose all. For "what will it avail a man to gain th'Mvhok- world and lose hh own sou!." As to the part of the State, Catholics readily concede that Go- vernnmut which represents tho community lias a right to see thai children shall be so educated that they may bu enabled to be come good and useful citizens. The church teaches that the power necessary for the sta bility and well-being of society is ordained of God, and that, consequently, Governintut.s have a right to interfere in education, so as to secure these ends. But what is to be deplored is, that uot Hatbified with doiug this, iu many instances Governments have usurped the entire control of education, and deprived the church of t he exer cise of tho power which as the divinely consti tuted teacher (the holds from God. Who received from our Lord Jesus Christ the commission to teach ? The church, and only the church. After His rcHiurection. and not long before His ascension into heaven, our l>le..-ud Lord, un is related in the last chapter of the gospel according to St. .Matthew, spoke to His Apostles thus: "All power is given to mo in heaven and upon earth. Going therefore teach ye all nations. . . . Teach ing them to observe ull things whatsoever I have commanded you and behold i am with you all days even to the consummation of the world " And docs not this authority and precept given to the church alone establish tier teaching authority as paramount lo that of all other authorities '! As then, it is her right, and her duty to teach the entire revelation of Christ, it is, consequently, necessarily her duty and her right to warn nud guard men against all opposing errors. But how do this if the parent or tho State possess a right to exclude her from tho uchool '! Her right to teach the truths of revelation carries with it her right to direct and superintend all other teaching iu order that error and corruption may not creep in. The late illustrious Pontiff, Pius I A., iu his famous letter to the Archbishop of Fribourg, tersely huius tip the perpetual leaching of the church on this subject, ami condemns all secular and mixed systems of education, declaring them to be inspired by a .spirit of hostility towards her, and by a desire of extinguishing among the people the divine light of ;hc holy faith. And not content witli this clear exposition of Catholic teaching, ho farther declared that the church is in duty bound not only to use her best efforts, and employ every means to secure for childruu the necessary Christian education and instruction, but, moreover, would feel her self obliged to warn all the faithful, and to de clare, -that no one can in conscience frequent mixed und secular schools as heiug.ndYcr.se to the Catholic Church. There is another passage in this important document of tho greatest mo ment. There are to bu found some who would, if possible, persuade ecclesiastical authority to sanction secular or mixed schools iu mixed com munities, and 1 am not sure if some such may not hero and there bo found amongst those who call tiiemselve.j Catholics. To these men 1 beg most earnestly to roeomineiMl a comddera- tion of the following words of the great Ponufi': " Those," lie says, " who prcread that the elmrch ought to abdicate or suspend her control untl her salutary action upon the primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine Author and to b: false to the charge she has received from God, of guiding all men to salvation." '/ou see, then, my dear brethren, that in tlm strenuous efforts everywhere made by genuine Catholics to pro vide Catholic schools for their children, they utc only doiu<f thai which is fueir buumleu duty as Christians to do, and that were they to tio less, they should be fnRe to the charge imposed upon thorn by God. History proves and illustrates the fidelity of the church lo her oillce. From the first it has been her care to establish schools everywhere uccording to her opportunities and her mean.-'. In the begining the residences of bishops and prints were also schools. Monasteries, which in Ihe day <>f their nro.-perily flourished iu all Christian lambs, had .invariably schools attached to tlieiu, mo- also had the cathedrals ; and it i mainly to these the world is mdch'tpd for the preservation of ancient learn ing, even of the »Soriptimjs themselves. Who, lor example, is ignorant of the zeal and snceea of the ancient Irish schools ' Who founded nlgiod. all the great universities, even those of greatest name to-dnv ? The Roman Pontiffs. Who have been their noblest, most generous benefactors ? Dl.-hops ami others of the Catho lic Church. Who raUu! the glorious cathedrals of many lauds, buildings winch even to this day are so many sehools of art. bendy and civilisation 'i Who has established those 1 10 religious congre gation.: of men and women, who devote them- relvoi gratuitously throughout tho world to the edncatiou of youth, particularly the chil dren of the people 7 'li:e Catholic Church. Even now. who is devoting all energies, all powers — intellect, geniiiy, learning, virtue, dis interestedness, Jurge pecuniary means to the education of the people '/ 'ihe Catholic Chinch. In very recent times various Goverumeutu have become alive to their obligations to their sub jects lu reference to education, ami with new-born zeal, though not alwayu well directed have b'ecomo lavish in their, expenditure on schools. . But it is a new-born zeal. It- is not so long since some of them persecuted educa tion, and made it penal to teach even the rudi ments of learning. Iu tho early dayB of somo amongst us popular education was neglected by the State, whereas, even then, and for con-, turics before, the church luul put forth all her energies to secure edncatiou for the people. Our school r.copliy I es, however, now heap hlumo upon the church for not having accomplished impossibilities, for not having educated all in spite of the neglect, the opposition, the per secution, and tho plundering of the State. And even now, notwithstanding tho millions of money annually spent by the State oh schools, she cannot show results equally good with those produced by the church single handed; and obstructed by the civil authority. Nor ia this wonderful,;' through her jealousy of the church the State 1ms undertaken to do the im practicable — to educate independently of re ligion, and in ignorance of it—of religion that has Ghvisttnuiscd and civilised all Christian and civilised nations, informed their literature, guided their history directed their manners, given tone to their intellectual pursuits, leavened their legislation, influenced their morals, and even their commercial pur- suite, and given life to their arts nud sciences. The attempt to educate by ignoring religion and shutting out the church from their mental vision is a mad design, and can lead only to disaster, not only to men's first and best 'interests but to the interests of aU moral und intellectual training, lint is this attempt Iu reality honnst ? Can there be edu cation of any port whilst tho Church and God and religion arc ignored V No ; and therefore, although modern systems of education pretend to ignore these, they do not, because they can not. These subjects are for over cropping up under all systems, and are erroneously treated under most of thorn. As these nyst'ems have beeu established, as Pius IX. declares, in hostil ity to the Church, under thorn no opportunity is lost to prejudice the rising generation against the teaching of revealed, indeed of all, religion. And it must he ho, as Christ has said, " He that is not with Me is against Me." So the system of edu cation tliht does uot frankly accept religion as its basis and willingly snbuut toils guidance, is from tho very nature of the case hostile to Christ and Christianity. Government in the present day have ostentatiously set themselves in direct opposition to God and hi-; Christ, and thev cannot but expect the logical result— viz., to be ground as powder mulcr the idol thev have erected. You. my dear brethren, are more fortunate. Guided by the Church of Clod, gathered :-eeuro!y around the Jlock of Ages, von have listened with docility and reverence to 'the voice of I'clcr, against whom the gates of hell shall not prevail, and, as true, faithful sous of tho unerring Mother, withdrawn yonr- Helvea from all participation in these 'new fangled and pestiferous systems of educa tion, which uot only ignore the existence of the Author of your being — to Whom, hv your veiy ereutiou, 'von are obliged to devote all your services — but endeavour to east llim out from His creation. You have withdrawn yourselves from these, and, because von love real education, you have at great expense, ami notwithstanding the fact that you have licon compiled to pay for the free and godless edu cation of other people children, provided Chi Lilian and Catholic schools for your own. iVraevere in tin course: continue to put from you the poisoned. cup ; preserve for vourdear children, for wlio.-e sotil.-t yuu mu st render au accouut at the Day of Judgment, the oiie true faith, without which it is imposriige to please God : keep alive in their su-cooriblo minds a knowledge of what their father.; have Buffered for this faith, and leave nothing undone that their education, imituad of being stunted, truncated and lub-.-vidod, merely the glm-U of au education, may be that training of the moral and intellectual faculties to a certain end. wliich alone deserves the name of mention. You have zealous, experienced, learned prelates, pre sided over by a great Frinee of tho Church, to direct and guide you. Over all is the Vicar of our Lord Jesus Christ, who in teaching the dopo-'it of revelation to all the faithful cannot go astray, ami who is supcrnatur.dly guided in the government of the Church. i need sav no more. Your noble Christian and C.i'.hulic'con- duct in tlio pa-:t is the guarantee for the future. Son of martyred fathers, you will never forget the deed.; of your ancestors, a reverence for their memory and loyalty to their faith ; vou will, a« hitherto, leave nothing undone to baud down to your children the precious, priceless deposit which it cost these ancestor so tuuch ! to hand down to you. Children of Patrick, children of Augustine, children of Oolunmbkille, children of Ueiuigius, Catholic children of all lands, be mindml of your prelates who have gone before you and guard their faith, which is the root, and foundation of justification. May God the Father who created us, God tho Bon who redeemed ns, God the Holy Ghost who sanctified us, tlio one and triune God, so bless us, so direct and strengthen us: that having, like Ft. Paul, fought the good 'fight and pre served the taith for our-eives and our children, we may come to the possession of that reward which is laid up fur the loyal and just iu Heaven. Amen. Immediately at the conclusion of the sermon, and while a grand march pealed from the organ, the prelate-! and other ecclesiastic left tho s.iucUiury and passed into the sacristy, thus euding the day's ceremonies. Tin fourth public session will be on Wed nesday next. This session will take the form of a solemn commemoration of all the deceased prelate ot Australia, and the memorial sermon will bo delivered by the Right Rov. Dr. Rev- iioliis, Bishop of Adelaide (Sonth Australia), We are given tq understand that to avoid crowding tho admission to the cathedral on Sunday next— the closing day of the council — \vi II bo regulated by tickets, wliich may be procured from ' the Rev. Father Coonan, Administrator of the Cathedral, and Mr. Mouaghan, clerks' otfice, St. Mary s. The cathedral has been open free at the public ceremonies all through tlm council, but it has, we understand, been considered ad visable to make some charge for ticket ou the closing day. The closing ceremonies are to be on a large scale of grandeur, and the Cardinal- Archbishop is to preach. 