The Thespian Flaneur. HAltwoou's benefit evokes a flood of recollections, Surely such a Proteus never ■ appeared on the Mcilbotirno stage, unless •UHi j 1 lint Harwood's vorsa ti ity la greater oven'than Coppin's, Henry llioluvrd Harwood lias boon goneral mana ger, noting manager, at ago manager, light comedian, low comedian, first old maii, second old man, lioavy load, .Juvenile, opera boufto artist, burlesque actor, elown, and, In abort, ovory thing within tho whole range of tho drama, I remember him at G oolong doing Mazoppn and Timour and Tartar, with real horaoa, In rivalry of Burton and Birch, tho dramatic eques trian heroes of those days, As a gallery boy, I. saw him play Move 011-sir, a Pollooman, Half Star oh, Half Saccharine Matter, in Akhurst's Christ mas Pantomime of Dlok Whlttlngton, at tlio Royal iti 1857 j tho same jiloco In which tlio Leopold family, Harry, Tom, George and Frauloln Fanulo made their drat appearance in Australia. 1 believe Harwood has played ovory male eliaraotor in Hamlet except tho Prince. Ho lias doubled Tho Ghost and Polonies with a textual readiness to go on also for tho First Aotor, and First Gravodlggor if nood bo, Mr, Harwood's oxporlonoo has boon partioidariy connected with Melbourne, whioh always aootna to bo his oontro, howovor widely ho may travel, Through out Harry Sullivan's management of tho lloyal, ho storod up tho most valuable part of his observation. Afterwards ho was tho moving spirit in tho management of Lambert, Harwood, Stewart, Bollair, and Honnings, whioh dovolopod through various changes into tho conjunction of Harwood nud Ooppln. It is no exagger ation to say that Mr. Harwood is tho right hand man of tho Melbourne stage. His Oattcrmole, in tho Private Secre tary, is just tho kind of tiling in whioh ho revels, as a distraction from his day's business. "VVo are glad that tho public gave him a worthy bospoalc, The scene shifts from tho Prlvato Soorotary to Struck Oil. This is always a safe card for tho lloyal pooplo to fall baok upon for a kind of interregnum. How timo flies I It is almost half a generation sineo Maggie Moore and J. 0. "Williamson burst upon us. Nothing can be imagined more distinct than J. O. WilUnmson and John Stofol. Tho study was perfected throughout his first voyago from San Francisco to Aus tralia. Williamson was rosolvod to striko a blow equivalent to J. K. Emmet's Fritz, or Jefferson's Rip "Van Winkle, Tho re sult is historical. The share of Mrs. Wil liamson in tho triumph was an important frosh oloment. Lizzie Stofol is a unique figure in tho annals of tho Melbourne stage. Wo have lost two Dean Skinners, in Stuart O'Brien and Harry Sof ton, Mrs. Bryor, the original Mrs. Stofol, romains with the small minority as distinguished from tho great majority, though sho is not vory small, Eignold is so contented with tho Rom any, and the Bijou pooplo are so contented with Mixed, that tlioy give mo no pabulum to write about. Among prospective ar rangements I have boon overhauling a batch of the new pieces on hand, jealously, kept in manusoript. Eignold planks down with Sims's Last Chance, and the Royal management with Hoodman Blind. Then there is Gilbert and Sullivan's Mikado—an infallible success in waiting —though its production will be expen sive. —'»—. Byron's posthumus Opera will be worth trying, for it made a sort of hit at the London Vandevillo. His other posthumus comedy, the Shuttlocock, which Toole tried to galvanize, will henceforth be shelved. I see that Anson has arrived in Melbourne. He will find that his plans have to bo changed a good doal in matters of detail. Perhaps he will not drive on his Groat Pink Pearl at onoo. I think it would bo worth while, if feasiblo, for Anson to study Edward Terry's parts in Pinoro's comedies of The Rocket, and that other one whore Terry made such a lot of the man who forgot all about himself through a railway acci dent. Depend upon it, the pulse of the London pit is the bost index to that of Melbourne, Perhaps tho Royal manage ment would not care to put on Burnard's Turn of the Tide again, but I romombef that Anson made a Loiiddn hit as tho original, of tho part of Mr, Danby, whioh Harwood played here. xt lmvo "Struck Oil " iik the lhont.ro, 1b Is lata in fclio clay to arl tjolHa* " Nock and Nook." .1 wont. Arthur Vivian knows how to ourpontor up iv play. I think ho oouId do ono u )v,0.. ,c; Bouoloiuilt has only written -100, but thou Lopo do Voga wrote somothing A^Sv. 11 ^'uusandi Writo some moro, At thui', l lonty. of good situations not patontod, and, as Pistol says ''Convoy, llli/Hu f * a ■, ,}Vhai'a Ja dramatic Itiglis, too ? And Mramol Is a dramatist, Lay your heads together, ''oothroyd Falrolough Is about looks as If still able to play ' It ohal ou," "lllohard II1," or '< Hamlet'" bettor than any man south of tlio lino. Xhtndmann put him Into Ife0', im° ^i?1'0 tbut. no moro of that, 1 pry'thoo," says Falrolough. Iu ^MVJIn'X'I.NW A0 'J0'1 u M'Ctillough, who Is known to all the Amor!onus In Mol m?n,lirir!.iip,°a,liU hm. miin<ltfcnhon t at tho gioat OaUEonilan lhoatro, San Franolsoo, U tailed, Ilka IMwln Booth's In Now «?»! iiV m? !° '-l,u .fc l'lu(/ "no hausa, Booth s lltoabro, How few'moil aro, or havo boon, gifted with tho double Irving, as groat aotor and groat managor. van Is ono of thoso mon, \\\o would like to soo him again, boarlng In mind .those splendid productions of ! ycjio at thei Melbourne lloyal, with tho whole round of tho legitimate. Tho old war horso Is still In full vigor. OimswiOK Is seventy-two, about ton yours older than Sullivan, and Is to receive a retiring benefit at Drury-lano. Taking up a venom bio porlodlaal, In a Melbourne ' public library tho other day, 1 found a glowing notloo of Groswlok's London debut, at Sadler's Wells, as "Borneo," noarlylialf a century back,and a splendid I.1*!011t young actor ho must have boon. 'Mr. Croswlck's Borneo was admirable," says tho critic. Struts iitul frots his Uouv upon tho stuuQ . 1f . Auil thou is honril no tuoro* All ho can do is to make hay while the sun shlnos. —; 1 obseuve that William Blgnold, Goorgo s brother, Is starring round Bug land with Adam Bode," which George introduced In London, during bis Inst visit, whon ho also playod " My Partnor." Georgo Blgnold has boon coquetting with the Idoa of producing "Adam Bode" in Molbourno. His acting of tho boss part is grand, a favorite companion study to his Amos Olark, I3ufc thon actoi'-mana gors aro always nervous about briugin" out their own favorite studios. Thov are afraid last It should bo n fad. George dofors muchly to Allison. ° Fob instance, George knows very well that ho Is the best Caliban on tho stage, Do wo nob remember him in tho " Tom. pest," at the London Queen's Thoatro with tho dopnrfcod John Byder as Pros poro ? By the way, is there any truth In, tho rumor that the Boyal people have soonary ready for tho " Tempest '/" Gar ner used to have a groat idea about poor little Fred. Marshall playing Bottom in the "Midsummer Night's Dream," which Jefferson nctod in Melbourne. "Dabbepi.," a friend said to the Auok land author, "couldn't you do some thing with that great manuscript of Ibj Brown's ,"' • « Well," snys Darroll, " Don't you know it would bo very expensive! Just fancy having to prop up tho stago to bear the weight of tho team of workln" bullocks which ho introduces !" ° Habuy Poweb tells me somethiu". He was acting the Limerick Boy in Cal cutta, and noticed " Beuben " dressed at I"bo wing, 3nst ready to go on as ho went off, at tho opposite side. When Harry had left the stage, ho heard that " Beuben" kept it waiting. The audienco wore im patient. " Beuben" had fallen dead from heart disease. With a conviction that Lawrence ■Barrett would sucooed in Melbourne I join with his best fricuds in urging him to square up all differences with his old acquaintance Mr. Williamson, and decide to cross the Pacific for here. .1 know that tho United States havo welcomed liim back with open, arms, but that gives me the more warrant of assurance, for the American and Australian audiences will coincide. President Abthub and Henry Irvin" wont together, in Washington, to sol F?Sr^urlld >.G°^ly' ^ "Lond Me • Shillings, Wo have seen that, too. m Melbourne. Do yon romombor Jeffer aon s Tobias Shortcut ?" 