Irish National League Funds. The leaders of the so-called " Irish National League," pure patriots as they profess to be, do not, it would seem, care for the role unless they are well paid for it. The enormous de- ficiency in the returns of the expenditure of the late Land League compared with its re ceipts is now a matter of history. The dis crepancy broke up that league, and the leaders astutely got up a similar league under a new name, and the foolish Roman Catholic Irish in their priest fostered hatred of Eng land were ready at once to subscribe more money. The patriots / touted oven through America and Australia, and it would seem were well paid for so doing. The Redmonds, it ap pears, were very handsomely paid for their patriot tour in Australia. Mr. Walshe would not be a patriot according to his own con fession under five hundred a year. The league funds seem to have had no better ac count rendered of them in Australia than in the old country. A large portion of the funds have not gono to what they were sub scribed for, and some patriots' pockets are all the fuller. The exposure, we recently pub lished, by a Victorian prominent member of the league who curiously enough for an edu cated Irish leaguer seemed to have been honestly acting up to his convictions, dis torted though they were, has drawn the ugly matter before the public gnze, end Catholicus (another leaguer) writes to the Evening News of the 3rd : — " Sir, — The obstinate determination on the part of Mr. J. W. Walshe to hide his ob scurity in the serene enclosure of the Celtio Club from the serious reflections on his con duct which have appeared in recent issues of your journal, is quite in keeping with the character of that precious patriot over since he favored the Australian community with his presence. It is painful to think that of the generous contributions so freely sub scribed by the gallant and noble-hearted sons of Ireland in these colonies, there should be no less a sum (according to Mr. J. Curtin) than from two to three thousand pounds not satisfactorily accounted for, and that there is no public record of the amount paid to Mr. W. Walshe out of the hard-earned offer ings of credulous simplicity, or possibly to assist him in establishing a club as a home of hope for a distressed Irish patriot, "his sisters, his cousins, and his aunts." Why is nothing done to rid the atmosphere of the ugly rumours that are going about, or does the desire to avoid a thorough investigation arise from a consciousness that a searching inquiry would lead to an exposure? It is now about two years since Mr. Walshe bade good-bye to the shores of dear old Ireland, ostensibly for the benefit of his health, en couraged probably by the hope that He who fights and runs away, May live to fight another day. It has since transpired, however, that under the plea of a restoration of health, his visit to our shores might, with Mr. Parnell's con currence, tend to advance the cause of Ire land (and himself.) I am not very familiar with his operations in Victoria, New South Wales, or Queensland ; but as far as South Australia is concerned (which I know more about), a brief reference to his movements may give your readers some idea of the class of man chosen by Mr. Parnell as agent in ad vance, to pave the way for the Redmond Brothers. Before the name of Walshe was ever heard of a powerful committee was formed in Adelaide to co-operate with the central committee in Melbourne in advancing the movement started in Ireland by Mr. Michael Davitt, a man whom I have no hesi tation in saying stands prominently among the great social as well as political reformers of the nineteenth century. Amongst its members were men who had for years asso ciated themselves with every movement which had for its object the welfare of the Irish people. Everything had gone on very smoothly in that colony until the arrival of Mr. Walshe, who wont there uninvited. This unhappy event was, I regret to say, the com mencement of a period of dissensions, discord, confusion, and the breaking asunder of long standing friendships, which are never likely to be cemented. Prior to his arrival over £600 were raised for the Land League Fund, whereas since then scarcely half that snm has been subscribed, and of this amount fully half formed the proceeds of Mr. J. E. Red mond's lecture. The fact is Walshe wanted to be boss ; but there were men there whom this hedge-school scholar dare not attempt to lead by the nose as easily as he apparently succeeded in doing with more pliant material in some of the other colonies. As an instance of his retiring modesty and bashfulness, let me give the exact particulars of a circumstance which occurred during his stay, to which I briefly referred in my last letter. The com mittee decided on presenting a fitting and costly address to each of the Redmonds ; but to ignore such an important bleeding patriot as Mr. Walshe, was a thing which his flesh and blood could not tolerate. Au address was accordingly prepared and licked into intelli gent English and decent grammar by the talented pen of Mr. Pierce Healy. A subser vient majority of the committee having been " worked up," the address was in duo course printed, decorated, and neatly bound at a'coBt of five guineas (paid for out of the loague fund) and formally presented. In replying to this address in a discussive Bpeech — " his only stock-in-trade" ho spoke as follows : " Having thanked those present for their magnificent address, which he considered he had done nothing to deserve, and which had " taken him by surprise," he wont on to say. "He was not vain enough to imagine that it was due to any exertions of his in connection with the Irish National cause, with which he had the honour to be more or less identified. He would treasure the address all his life, for it had always been his aim through life to gain tho goodwill and respect of his country men, whether at home on the dear old hill sides of Ireland, or amongst tho exiles in far- off lands. When he arrived in Australia, some 18 months ago, ho spent some two days in Melbourne trying to find some person who would lend a helping hand in the good old cause ; and perhaps it might bo easily ex plained, inasmuch as his frionds in Victoria wore not aware of what ship ho was coming by." So that from this one may infer that it was not exclusively for the benefit of your health that you came to our shores Mr. Walshe, and certainly no language can be too strong in condemning the cold-hearted indifference of your Victorian " friends " in not turning out en masse to welcome to their peaceful coast an obscure adventurer. But I must quote a little more. "He was the son of a thrice evicted tenant, and he assisted in carry ing his own sister with her 12 children from the home on which her husband had expended £1700" — shade of Croesus! what an appalling sacrifice of wealth to tho demon of ruthless landlordism — " to the house of a kind neigh bour, and that kind neighbour was his, own father. It was no wonder, thereforo, that he should have so earnestly taken up the cause." As a piece of composition this touching reply, which was delivered in the purest of Castle- bar brogue, was most unique. He then wound up by telling his hearers for about the 20th time that he would have much pleasure in relating all that they had done for him and his " noble cousin Michael Davitt." Now, from well directed inquiry, I am justified in believing that the relationship existing be tween tho gifted Michael Davitt and Mr. J. W. Walso might well be illustratod by the glorious brilliancy of tho solar rays being compared with the dim light of a farthing dip. As that distinguished Irishman, Michael Davitt, is on his way to Australia, he tnay be afforded an opportunity of testifying to the accuracy or otherwise of this assumption. I shall for the present content myself with expressing a hope that the independent portion of my follow Irish colonists will not cease agitating for a complete investigation as to the whereabouts of the apparently missing thousands from the funds which have been so generously subscribed to. If ever a renovated organisation is to be built on the skeleton remains of the present Irish National League in Australia, it can only be done by selecting competent men to manage its affairs." THE BONDI RIOT. The Bondi riot case came on for hearing again at the Water Police Court on Wednes- day, before Mr. G. W. F. Addison, S.M. The prisoners (says the Herald ) slipped quickly into the dock as though they wished to avoid the curious gaze of the ill-looking crowd which thronged the space behind the bars. In the body of the court were a number of female relatives of the prisoners. The prisoners already charged were — Walter Burns, alias Shoppy, James Kelly, William Frost, John Flynn, Michael Hely, Michael Berrigan, John Jones, Edward Crimmins, Robert Watts, George Doherty, William Kellow, Charles Carroll, James Hoade, Alfred Gould, James Gray, alias Roarty, Jeremiah Sullivan, George Kellow, and John Hannigan. " In addition, two youths named John Dono- hoe and John Fox were also put upon their trial. . Our readers will perceive that as in all the horrible cases the Papist celts predominate. A RESTFUL PICTURE. "This is a very handsome picture." ho ob served politely to the artist. "What do you call it ?" "That is a study of still life." " What is the name of it ?" " A Tramp at Work." COPY OF A DOCUMENT FOUND IN WINCHESTER CATHEDRAL FOR WORK DONE IN POPISH TIMES. For soldering and reparing St. Joseph 8d For cleaning and ornamenting the Holy Ghost 6d For repairing the Virgin Mary before/ and behind, and making a new child ............... 4s 8d For screwing a nose on tlie Devil putt ing a new horn in his head, and gluing a bit on bis tail I........ 5s 6d ; Us 4d Fkom Thos. Duffin, 11, Iraq Street, West. Maize, per bushel, 4s. 9d. to 4s. lOd. ; Wheat, per bushel, 4s. 0d.- to 4s. Gd. ; Oats, Feed per bushel, 38. to 3s. 3d. ; Oats, Seed 3s. to 3s. 3d. ; Barley (Cape) per bushel, 3s. Ocl. to 3s. 3d. ; Barley (English) 0s. ;; Hay;(Lucorne) per.ton £3 to £6 0s. ; 'Hay (Oaten) per ton £5 to £G f Flour, per ton £9 0s. to £11 Os. ; Potatoes, per ewt. 4s. Od. to 4s. Gd. : Onions, per cw'£ 8s. to 9s. Butter, per lb. 12d.; to Is. 3d. ; Lard (id. to 7d. Bacon; per lb. 9d. to lid. ; Cheese, 6d. to 7d. ; Honey, od. to 5id; Pigs, 5d. to 5id.; Calves, each 5s. to 30s.; Fowls, per pair, 4s. Od. to 6s Od. ; Ducks, per pair 4s. to 4s. Gd. ; Geese, per pair, 7s. to 7s. Gd; Turkeys, per pair, 10s. to 20s. Eggs, per dozen, Is. Gd. to Is. 9d. ; Hides, per lb., 3d. to 3Jd ; Calfskins, each, 9d. to Is. 3d. 