'Called Back' to the: Town Hall! To-hight the Mayor will preside over a meeting of certain citizens of Sydney who, if . they represent public opinion, on ihe question which they propose to discuss, have .beep, to say the least of it a reinark ably long time in making up their minds as to the course of action to be pursued. We pointed out yesterday that they have allowed several months to elapse, during which the Imperial Government has openly enough proclaimed the policy of not undertaking any fresh annexations of islands in the Pacific, without any public and em phatic remonstrance against a deter mination which these citizens now. sup pose to be so fatal to the interests of Australia. . While Melbourne was lashing herself into a state of patriotic frenzy, and some people of doubtful loyalty in Queens land were discussing the propriety of ter minating our relations with England, the patriots of to-night were speechless, and presumably unsympathetic. They had not a word to say -of those calamities upon which they will probably be most elo quent this evening1, and which really were matters of history months ago. Had they then cried aloud intones of warn ing and indignation, the meeting to-night might have been altogether unnecessary. Lord Deebt's policy would have been held up to public execration ; and if that obstinate nobleman is at all amenable to abuse, he might have conceded that to vitu peration which he has refused on all other grounds. But not a whisper was heard on any public platform here to induce any one to believe that the national feeling of this country is in accordance with the views entertained by Mr. W. C. Pkoctoe. Mr. Abigail, and the inextinguishable and perpetual Mr. J. C. Neild, the three most prominent representatives of the movement to be inaugurated this evening. The delay is incomprehensible, and probably will do much to weaken a cause which is cham pioned even by persons of such weight, pro minence, and distinction as these three re markable representative men. It may be that this difficulty has been thoroughly appre ciated, and that Sir Henry Paekes's start ling resurrection from the grave which he had so carefully .and deliberately dug for himself only a few weeks ago, wasabsolntely essential to invest the meeting to-night with any interest whatever. And there can -be no doubt th.at there is a certain kind of sensationalism in Sir Hekey's . pro posed return to the ? . world to-night. Having intoned his political nunc dim ittis, entered his coffin, conducted his own interment — and been (except by a stray libeller of his memory) almost for gotten, it is to inspire a 'night side of nature ' kind of sensation to see him turn ing up at the Town Hall (like a masquer ading ghost at a fancy ball) to take his ghastly part in the performance. His partiality for the aristocracy is as well known as -his ?horror of high station ; but who could have imagined that it would have required Lord Deiibt to overcome Sir Henry's reluctance to serve us any longer, and to recall him once more to life. The public will naturally enough yearn to know under what compulsion this lofty and gentle spirit has been dragged once m:re into the light when he had closed his fine eyes upon us and our doings, and sought and found the peace of death. It is of small import ance what such gentlemen as Mr. Neild and Mr. Abigail may feel themselves obliged to do in the way of discovering and expressing public opinion; but it is another matter when you see a distinguished and departed statesman get out of his coffin, take the return train from Rookwood, get out at the Mortuary station, and call a mourning coach to take him to a public meeting on international matters at the Town Hall. There is more than a mere suspicion that the case Bias become pretty serious when this state of things is reached. And these considerations will doubtless (as is so often the fate of Sir Henry Parses) invest the gathering of this evening with an interest of a character partly mournful, and partly grotesque. If the abject terror inspired by Sir Henry Parkes's unlooked for re-appearance does not overawe the meeting, its gravity may be endangered by other circumstances. Some practical, unspiritual man may be curious enough to inquire why we did not speak out before if we had anything to say, and why we preferred putting resolutions into the hands of illustrious dead men . rather than entrusting them to the insignificant living. The question,' pertinent enough, will be somewhat difficult to answer. Who is to be attacked, after all ? It cannot be denied that if France and Germany have no shadow of right to the annexa tion of any of- the islands of the Pacific, . and that our Australian .interests entitle us, in these colonies, to precedenceover these Empires, Lord Derby is not the only one to blame for robbing usof burbirfchright. Itwill not -do to limit our denunciations to the head- of that vacillating personage. The real delinquents must be sought much nearer home. The .true criminals are, as everyone knows, to be found among the people who.eai our bread, and. at public fes tivities laugh at our pretensions, mock our patriotism, praise our enemies, and welcome them to come and live in the unappropriated islands. It would be pfcly the beginning, of some rare fun, if the gentleman who has been, bo to speak, *' called, back,' would to night pour out Mb -soul on this congenial theme. Meanwhile we trust that whatever else may be accomplished, we shall be saved, as a community, from being laughed at by educated men and .women. Better a thou iiand 'times that jafewieyer and ague smitten German colonists - should languish for a ^rKiie Sunder 'the shade of the ; Tireadfruit trfees i iarid plaintains from Huon Gulf to Ajstralabe Bay, and between the Finisterre Mountains and the ^ea, than that we should l£ Ideii^fied^aii tWey«s ;.$£ the world with a ppi«^aCT^|ito ;^J^'1te; fejgp^cled'- feoni : the orgMiser^ of '4he amnMng gathering of to niglit. V;.j-':. ._?'.?.. '_~:: C \' '?':.: /Z^i^-*, ' .. - ' .... \- ','.': . -.*'?'??''. '?' ? .. .:. - -??-?,'? '' ?? ?;, .-..-??.' . -» ? ' .. '? ' ? ;- .gSi&uw; ;w-S?3fewMffflin^ras;;i*nayL':jbe variously interj^^r-3-^'&ro;^ settle- ment of .^!He account to 3ir.O'D6novan Eossa. ^'?^b|^|p^!:^^^^^m'^a.t;;^..:^s bee' ?ts-t in one of -the streets of New York, and tliat tlie wounds he received are inortaL If the news should- be confirmed, the only feeling of pity which is- likely to be felt by the world in general at his sudden talcing off, will probably be for the surviving actor in that tragedy. - The bullet which reached the dynamite apostle was fired by the hand of a woman, an Englishwoman, as it is stated. It would be idle to speculate at present as to whether.' she was actuated by insanity, or not. ' However improper it might be to express approval of the method she adopted, there is not much impropriety in saying that if the result of it be what is. expecte^d, it will have rid society of a' most pestilent scoundrel. The epithet is not less applicable to him even with the somewhat charitable admission that he was a sincere believer in the justice of the principles he advocated. The one thing certain Respecting his later movements as an 'advanced' Irish patriot is that he made the business yield him a very comfortable living. During the earlier portion of bis career he had certainly given proof that he had the courage of his opinions. For bis proceedings Tslrile in Ireland he had suf fered 'by a long and rigorous imprisonment. Sut from the time he set foot in America he took precious good care not to venture his own skin in any of the plots, which were hatched against 'the bloody Saxon.'.' TTia share in sucb. work was limited to the talking or writing part, including a discretionary control of the' 'fund.' He made no secret of the fact that the Hibernian republic which he wished to establish was, in the preliminary process, to be tempered by assassination and wholesale murder. Be she sane or insane, the Englishwoman has at all events -ma.Tiii.gAfi to pay O'Donovan Eossa in his own coin. The action of the Petersham Municipal Coun cil in closing the local cemetery does not seem to have been a, well-considered procedure. Thorough ness is all very well where the circum stances require it,' but the thoroughness exhibited in this, insstance has gone beyond the necessities of tlie ease. The by-law passed by the council and gazetted on January the 19th is a positive prohibition of any inter ments within specified limits. By this very com prehensive enactment existing rights arc alto gether ignored. Such an exercise of authority on the part of the municipal body will probably be found as unwarrantable on strictly legal, as it is on other grounds. The Roman Catholic community have been the first to protest against it. At the meeting held in St. Mary's Hall last Friday night, and presided over by Archbishop Moran, the grievance in question was stated in a forcible manner by that prelate. Whether Dr. Moran was correct or not in claiming for 1-is co-religionist a superior reverence for the dead, to what is felt by other sects, need not be discussed at present. But be that as it may, we can at least give the former the credit of having on this occasion exhibited a becoming regard for the privileges of the living.' It may be doubted whether any pre cedent can be quoted in support of the regulation adopted by the £eterehamyCounoil. That it was proper to prevent fresh graves from being opened in the cemetery might be granted ; but, except under very different conditions from those which actually exist, further restrictions were uncalled for. Purely sentimental ideas should of course have no weight where the preservation of the public health is concerned ; but there is no reason to think that the latter would fee very seriously imperilled by recognising, at any rate for many a day to come, such rights to exclusive interments as have been acquired in the Petersham Ceme tery. ' . \- Sometimes the Press -has a specially disagree able subject to deal with, which, notwithstanding its unsavoury nature, it is necessary to refer to in the public interest. -People talk about it ; but it is not agreeable to see it in print. We refer now to the question of the insufficient Bupply of latrines in the city. On all hands the necessity of a number of these conveniences is admitted ; but those erected have hitherto been disgracefully small, and the accom modation altogether inadequate. Hence we owe the police prosecutions for offences against de dency — not of the flagrant kind, but of a sort which arises from the want of proper provision for natural requirements. In Paris, which is one of the finest cities in the world, the latrine system ,is most efficiently carried out, and there is no reason why similar attention should not be paid to the same subject in Sydney. We recommend the matter to the especial notice of the present Mayor. Mr. Playfair has shown, a worthy and commendable desire to deal with many of the existing nuisances in the metropolis; and it is to be hoped that before Ms term of office has expired he- will be able to' effect a reform in this direction. There is no need to point attention further to the deficiencies at present existing, because it is hoped that this hint will be sufficient. Certainly public-houses and hotels are required to supply latrines on their licensed premises, but only for the use of their customers, which, in effect, means the obtaining of a drink La the first instance, and involves a cer tain tax. Something far better than, this is re quired fer the general wants of a large city, and the sooner the need is supplied the better. Whatever may be thought of the Salvation Army as a religious body, there can be no doubt that, so far as a business adventure is concerned, it is in a successful condition. The opening of the ' Barracks '* on Saturday was a proof of this. It was no small undertaking to take up a piece of land in Sydney costing .£5000, and to erect a fine building upon ? it at an expense of £1GOO. . There must be large in ternal or external support even to permit, to say nothing of justifying such, a liability and expendi ture. Furthermore, if tlie statement of General Booth is to be relied upon, the army in this colony alone consists of some 22,500 members. Such a body cannot be without its influence, even supposing that the movement itself is a mere piece of sensationalism, of a very low order. To do them justice, the leaders of the army do not claim it to be what is called a respectable body, in the conventional sense of the term. They simply argue that the respectable forms of religion do not reach the disreputable classes, and that their processions and clamorous per formances do. The onus of proof, therefore, rests upon them to show- that - their work is - genuine, that is to say, that it actually does reform the scum of society, and converts them into dfecent .folks. Has it .done this with larrikins and de graded women? If that question can be satisfactorily, answered , then all honour ?to the army and its fantastic, performances ; but one has yet to find the proof. We are not aware that the opposition corps of vagabonds, male and female, which make our streets hideous, has yet been reduced in numbers or power of annoyance. And yet, this ought to be the case if the army is really doing good work. The reply may be that there has not been suffi cient time to test the efficiency of the organisa tion, and that the evil to be fought is so gigantic that it is too soon, to expect what they call victory. There is something in the reply, but. when -are the public to find the amelioration? Let Mr. Booth and ins people show the fruits of their mission in some other form than 'volleys ' and brass bands, and their agency for good will then be more welcome than it is at present. O'Donovan Bossa said to be mortally wounded. This news is almost too good to be true. ? Miss Maggie Moore is in daily expectation of a message calling her to America, where -it has been arranged that she will play through a. short trip with Mr. Williamson, previously to that gentleman's re turn to the colonies. ? ' These firemen must be a frivolous set,' said Mr. SpilkinB, iriio was reading- the paper. 'Why so?' ' I read, in the -paper that after the fire -was under control, the firemen played ail night on the rains. Why didn't they go home and ep to bed like sensible ' men, instead of romping about like children.' The English Channel tunnel project is to be revived by a bill deposited by the shareholders who believe in the genius of Sir G. Watkin. :Tite other .company, headed by Lord B. Grosvenor, has given up the game for a time. Of course the bill will be rejected. 'Are yon afraid of the dark?' asked n mother of her little daughter. 'I was once, mamma, when I wentihto the dark closet to take a tart.' 'What were you «jE*f-U! c*f i ' Imwafcaii-I wouldn't find tfce'taiJi' ' : ? ' ? '-. '? ' ;-7''' ?' '.' .-:??''. 