ONE of the questions which at the present time is puzzUug the statesmen of Europe and others, is the singular action of Prussia in expelling from her dominions all the Poles .who have for years past taken shelter there. W« learn by the latest news that up to the middle ot November no fewer than 34,700 persons, the majority of whom had been formerly Prussian subjec<E» hid baer\ banisned, and as far as can be ascertained without having in any way broken lhe laws or offended the authorities. The order seems to liav? been issued bj royal authority, under, of course, the direction of the ironhanded Bismarck. At the present time Prussia is only one of the states which combined constitute the great German Empire, which under the magic baud of Prince Bismarck, has by leaps and bounds recently come to the very front rank of nation?. It is therefore anticipated that this unjust law of expulsion,which has commenced in one state, will be enforced in all the rest, and that it . is not only from Prussia but Germany the edict refers to. The great Prince has, no doubt, some ulterior object in view in thus persecuting an appareutly harmless and law-abiding part of the population. A great many of these Poles have been for a long time settled in the country, and have accumulated property, and in many cases even served with credit and distinction in the army, and were numbered in the Landwehr, for which services one would imagine they were entitled not only to citizenship but protection, yet in some cases we are told the discharge from service,.And order of banishment were enclosed in the same letter, and in cases ^here appeals were made, based on long residence and service in tbe artny, the only result was an extension of time for a few months or weeks ; in no instance was the order-rescinded. In some ot the rural districts the population has been considerably reduced by tbe proscriptions. lu one district 6,000 persons or one-tenth of the inhabitants have been cruelly banished. In a little town named Wenopono 62 fjtnjilies huve received the order of proscription, whilst in an adjacent village of only 850 inhabitants has been reduced to the extent of 350 or nearly one half. In some of die mining districts the proscription hi) a been so severe that work has hau to be suspended in consequence of the large number of miners being exiled. At Breslan more than 1,000 have been banished. What makes it worse for tbe poorer classes, is that many of tbem have to leave their saving's behind them as they had , invested in mutual relief societies in order to secure a provision for old age, all of which will be lost, as the societies co ild not be cal.'ed on co refund uuder such circumstances, which could not he anticipated by any actuary. The only pai't of the decree tb&t; can be admired is its impartiality, as none appear to be exempt, soldiers, civilians, bankers' clerks, agricultural laborers, miners and workmen generally are all alike proscribed and banished. The interest the question has tor other statesmen naturally is, that vrli '.t is done to the Poles now may be repeated in a short time with other foreigners, Englishmen, French men,and Austrians may in turn receive lhe order to move on, in which case' of course the vested interests of the aliens would suffer considerably. The most astonishing feature is that in these days a state which boasts of its culture, liberty and freedom, as Prussia sometimes does, could enact and enforce such unjust and tyrannical decrees without the Parliament of the country being consulted- It looks like absolute monarchy with a vengeance which is utterly unwotthy of a great aad powerful nation. We are not surprised to see that on* of the Prussian popes refers to the edict in the following terms :—" History has condemned as hsinous political faults and crimes the expulsion of the Moors from Spain,, and tha revocation of the edict of Nautes. What will it say to this new act of inhumanity and injustice perpetrated just two centuries after the expulsion of the Protestants from France by the state which claims -to be at the bead of European civilization and culture." UNITED WATCH NIGHT SERVICE.—A United Watch Night Service will be held in the Wesleyan Lecture Hall on Thursday evening, to commence at 10.30. The Revs. C. Lane, T. McNeil and J. Nancarrow will take part in the service. CRICKET.—A match will be played at Wallaroo, on Ne« Year's Day between a team from Port Pine and the Young Australians of Moonta Mines, when, judging from the reputation of both teams some good play should be exhibited. ENTERTAINMENT.—An interesting entertainment was given to a crowded house on Christmas uight at the Primitive Methodist Church, Cross Roads, by the members of the Temperance Society Cross RoadB. Mr. W. Purlinp, senr., presided. Dramas, recitations and songs were well rendered by the members. The taking" were considered sail ifaqfjry. DEMONSTRATION. — The amalgamated Friendly Societies will hold their annual demonstration on New Year's Day in the Exhibition Grounds, when the usual full programme of sports and races will *be gone through. Ths Friendly Societia's Hall will be formally evened by P,P,G.M. Jones at 11 a.m., after which & processiou will be formed. The dinner will take place at the Globe Hotel in the evening at 7 p.m. SERVICE oir SONG.—The service of song c< Frozen to Death," was given by the members of the Moonta Mines. Primitive Methodist Choir aud Sabbath School scholars to a good congregation on Christmas night The servioe of song was given in the Mines Primitive Church. The connective readings were '-given by Mr. Thomas'Cornelius. The solo and duet singers were the MiBses Emily Hodge and Edith Stevens and Mr. Browning. KADINA VARIETY COMPANY. — This company appeara to be making' headway in the dramatic line, as Was evidenced on Boxing night, when they produced the statly drama "Parted "to a good house in the Institute Hall. Tha,, play affords considerable scope for atfltig, and thi piece was creditably giveh, .the lady amataurs being especially j|?od, whilst Messrs. A. FergussOn, W. H. Rehdell, A. 1 Semmens,A. H. Middfeton and & Thompson sustained their characterii iu good style. Songs were tendered &miig; the intervals by the M&B;&s;'Duntj; - CAROL SERVICE.—A grand C»rolj5fervice was given in the Institute Hall, Kphna, on Christmas morning, by membtefcl^ of the Kadina Choral Society. The" iq^br of Kadina, M. RendeU, Esq., occupied the chair, and after delivering an; appropriate address, introduced the Choral Society, 'who "-sang several carols in good style. The Revs.. Hill, Watkins and Will3 also took part in the service. The society were favored with a full house. During the proceedings a collection was taken up on behalf of the funds of the Kadina JBeuevolenl Society. HANDEL'S MESSIAH. 1 —This oratorio was given in the Kadina Institute Hall on ! Christmas night with-great success,, to a. crowded house and gained the plaudits of the audience the whole of the time. The soloists who deserve special mention were Mrs. W. Rendell, Miss M. Dnnn, and 1 Messrs W. H. Rosewarne and Pft. Rodda, all of which acquitted themselves very' creditably in the solos allotted : to' them.: The choruses were well rendered, and the ! whole programme may be summed up as l the best of its kind ever given in Kadina. Mr. Glasson conducted, to whom the success is due, while Mr. W. H., Williams, jun., officiated at the piano. ENTERTAINMENT AT THE INSTITUTE.— The Surprise Party got up by the Moonta Dramatic Club and String Band met with a crowded house on Boxing night,' in- the above hall, every available space being utilized, and many had to be turned away. The performance, which was got up in a very small space of time, was attractive and amusing throughout, and reflect credit on those in charge. The first part, which consists of the programme common to christy or surprise party shows, was -commenced by &n; overture and chorus combined, entitled "Clink," followed by " The Grave-digger" by Mr. Holman ; He was such a Nigger Noramus," Mr. J. J. Thomas ; " Elsie of the Glen," Mr. J. Reed; "A night with baby," Mr. F. Knight; " Bury me near the old home," Mr. R. Learmond ; Chinese Parasol," Mr. J. J. Thomas; "The last sweet words of mother," Mr. J. Snell ; all pf which were fairly rendered, though owing to the hurried manner in which the entertainment was got up and the few rehearsals had a decided effect upon their vocalization. The final to the first part, " Sambo's Ghost," was most amusing. Tbe end men and the interlocutor^ who were dressed in appropriate nigger costumes, indulged in some good jokes, and cut the most amusing contortions. In tbe second half, the Moonta String' Band played the waltz "Spirit of Eoye** in fins style and with great precision. The Dii'tch song and dance by Mr. Knight was well received and enthusiastically encored. The concluding piece was the laughable farce "He would be a lawyer,",,which created roars of laughter, Sam,~jtl&: was bent on being a lawyer, kept thehoifee'in' a roar of merriment by his fouling* and grotesque mantes vres. The drop scene which was ugedjfor the first time, reflects great creditjon our townsman, Mr. J. J. Thomas, and is in keeping with the prosceniirm atid'scenery recently painted. QUARTERLY MEETING.—The quarterly meeting of the Wesleyan churchfes, Moonta district, was held in the Yelta church on Thursday last, December 24. There were present the Revs. C. i^ine and H. C. George and a good numbeir ^f the brethren. The number of members for the quarter were 536, with nine removals and eight ceased to meet. Messrs. Lathera andJGreorge were elected as senior and junior circuit stewards for the «t»«ning year. Mr. Richards was unanimously elected as the lay representative at tne Conference. The Jubilee Scheme received the promised support of the quarterly meeting, and the interests of the " Christian Weekly"' was warmly advocated, but no pledge was given for a certain number of subscribers. The finanses were not so satisfactory owing to extra expenditure and so many removals. The local preachers' meeting was held on December 22, at Moonta Mines, and the usual business was transacted. CHRISTMAS ENTERTAINS£»NT.—'A very successful entertainment was given in the • Wesleyan Lecture Hall on Christmas: night,by the members of the Moonta Band of Hope. Tbe programme was opened by Handel's "Hallelujah Chorus" by the String Band, followed by a solo, " Sprung a Leak," by Mr. Trenauan, the styla of song and'rendering being well received. After a recitation by Mr. Butson,. A tiss E. G. Bennett gave " The Great City "In her usual good style, which was followed by a duet by Misses A. and F. Roach, whose cultivated voioes. were well sustained in " Bird of the Wilderness." A .novelty was given In the way of a toy symphony consisting of twelve instruments causing a great deaf of amusemet.t. Mr, F.-Martin recited a piece in the place of Mrs. Glasson, and Mr. J. M. Symons gave "Absalom." The duet, "0! Lovely Peace," by Misses Bennett' and Gluyas was well rendered, as was: also the solo, " Darby and Joan," by Miss Gluyas, who received an encora. Mr. A. Bennett gave a recitation. Several carols were rendered during the evening in a very creditable maimer, as were also the selections by the String Baud, under the conductorship of Mr. Quintrell, and a Very enjoyable and interesting entertainment was brought to a close by the National Anthem. We understand that the above entertainment withgalterations' will be repeated in the Moonta Institute on New Year's nighf. ' FATAI. ACCIDEKZ.—A sad accident occurred on Christmas Eve at Eudonda, about 3.30 p.in., when a lad named Henry Strickland, aged 16 years, was drowned in Mr. Darry's dam, near the Excelsior aliH. It appears that the boy with., several other s^ of whom the eldest was II years old, went to «ail a small boat on the dam. Tbe boat got away~, and deceased aad a boy named Ernest Pollard undressed and went into the water to recover the boat, ifollard returned - to the sidef of the dam while -deceased pefsevered, but ho sank and was dronped. Th? alarm" was at once : rafted,,Messrs. Bristowe, Wurm, Short, GUtert, and the father, of the boy tried, without araif, to recover the body. At about 6 p. m. Ml C. Queate; who was absent on duty, sehimedt and. arriving on the scene at once undressed himself and jumped intb the d^m, and after about 20 TDimitttB bard work succeeded in draggin g the body to the bank. Dr. Eeige was at once called and pronounced life extinct, The body was about tiro hours and m : nuteB in the water. Mr. Kleoich was in the water at the time M.C. <Jueal£ recovered the body. From all that caa he asccrtained the unfortunate occurrence was purely accidental. The greatest sympathy is 'felt for the parent*, who liavd* been residents in Eudunaa for the last five years. PRINCE BISMARCK'S ROMANTIC RING.— There is quite a little romance associated with the large, iron ring wcrh by Prince ' Bismarck. The ring,has the Russiaq inscription o t ^ m ^ ^ ' ^ o ^ j ^ ^ used by the Russian^ and expresting much the same meaning as our " No matter." ThiB is the story of the ring :— When Bismarck was Minister nt St. Petersburg, in 1862,hei received in the winter an invitation to an Imperial hunt, which was to take place at a-vwy. cousiderable distance from the capital Bfe turned up at what he supposed to be the rendezvous with plenty of time to ipure, but unfortunately it t«iro»d out that he was still a matter of 16 miles away. A peasant undertook to bring him to the spot in time and forthwith Bismarck and his guide set off in a sleigh with two diminutive horses. To the suggestion of the Prussian Minister, who could only speak his own language, that the animals in front were only rats, the driver returned a curt Nitschewo." " You'll be sure to be in time?" again ventured Bismarck after a while, and the answer was another Nitschewo." The irapat'ent huntsman complained that the pace was not swift enough, and the peasant, with " Nitschewo," lashed his horse into such a speed that Bismarck began to upbraid bim. The answer wag still the same. A short time afterwards both occupants of the sleigh were thrown out, yet -all the satisfaction Bismarck could get from, hia driver was " Nitschewo." Picking tip a piece of iron which had been broken from the sleigh, the Prussian Minister carried it back to St. Petersburg, and had a ringmade as a memento of an adventure which might have had a more serious end. This iron ring still adorns the finger cf the Iron Chancellor. When Bismarck related this stay he is said to haveadded—" My good Germans often reproach me with being too indulgent to Russia; but he should remember that I t alone in all Germany am accustomed to critical moments to say, ".Niischewo" (No matter), while in Russia a hundred million people live who at-the same moment have " Nitschewo " on the tongue." During the week ended December.- 19, tbe*e arrived at Port Adelaide by; sea 147, and 321 left by the same msans. Loss, 174! Tbe Melbourne w Argus " thinks South Australia's only way out of debt and depression is a reduction of wages to the working classes. * A number of the "Unemployed," who have been working at Hergott. have returned to Adelaide to spend Xsaas with their families." An inquest held on the body of a begr named Edward White, who died through injuries received while fighting witU a schoolmate at Hamilton,, Victoria, haa resulted in a verdict of death from, tackjaw, but there was not auHcient e.^d^^oe TO show what caused it. 