dTnimb0. Gloomy. Cotton waste. Show to-morrow. Move rain coming. " The Naked Truth." Summary on Monday. Fire at North Adelaide. Lig Rechabite T to-night. Another respite for bunny. No more Council this week. Gulf of Carpentaria wrecked. Grand muster of Rechabites. Rowley on the marriage laws. A bad speaker on a dry subject. Another late sitting in Assembly. St. Lake's M. I. Society to- night. Another burnt cork troupe coming. Bismarck now drawing in his horns. Ocean Dock deposit question to-day. Gawlerites got a new kiet o' whustlee. Mr. Basot shoald lift his voice higher. M.P.'B now getting bunny on the brain. Longest procession ever seen in Adelaide; Destitute Commission's report next week. Railway employ^ cut to pieceB at Guar dagai. Shakspearians somewhat muddled las®n'ght. Western Australia will now get the gold' fever. The best protector to a young woman Is 9 husband. Malt (per bushel 2s., after all that talfc —30 to 6. The " Pilgrim's Progress" made a tinker immortal. No uce John Brodie trying to get the better of Tomky. When is the promised revised J.P. roll to be issued ? Regular coursing match in the Honsfr yesterday. That North-East land case is put off till next week. Those trawlers got some new formB of p-iimal life. Council have had enough about swearing for a month. We shall hear all about the Torrens por* trait to-day. The rew Parliamentary adage—"All work and no pay." N.A. Lifeboat Crew Social to-night in Temperance Hall. Another wreck; another loss for the Insurance Companies. "Ob, give us a Show," pleaded the members yesterday. Mr. Burgoyne called the Rabbit Destine* tion Bill a bald Bill. Melbourne Freethought rowdies to bsarrested next Sunday. £owley declares that the Bsnkers of Soutb Australia are a bad lot. There will be one or two "officiating ministers" struck off the roll. Hon. members had a holiday on the 1st* and desire another now. Fathers of the Church were trotted out yesterday by Hon. George. "Why should we put a duty on our tomb* fctoncs?" one member asked. Fair-dealing jammakers mnst be scarce according to growers of fruit. As the Attorney-General does all the work should he not get all the pay ? Rowley says he was the first professional man who used Kapunda marble. Tomky doesn't mean to be tricked ont oF that report on his Stockade psts. Does G. W. C. think that his fellow Councillors' patience has no limits ? The Chairman of Committea ruled that thetariff bad been wrongly introduced. Republican France dethroned King of' Anam and enthroned his successor. The country is crying out against the repayment of the Ocean Dsck deposit. Some treasures from the vasty deep werflseenred by those nocturnal trawlers. Hills fruitgrowers now show how they are got at by their friendB the jammakers. Mr. Rees Bays the Sydney stone in the Bank of Adelaide shows signs of decay. " George Witheridge has now tackled old Jerome and St Augustine on swearing. Sun rose at 6 a.m., sets at 5.52 p.m«' Moon rose at 10.52 a.m., sets at 0.11 a.m. Legislators will not forego pleasure for work. A trace of the old Adam after alL When the Oaths Bill is passed that Beddome Bible should be preserved as a relic. South Australian Land Mortgage and Agency Company a 12^ per cent, dividend. Others besides publicans would rejoice if the Rechabites got an inch of water to-day. Mr. Harvey spoke yesterday; he is evidently acting on the hint Mr. Ducknall got. Old John Crozier doesn't believe there's* much religion in Mr. Beddome's congregation. The Attorney-General caught napping Jby Rowley on the legal aspect of the marriagelaw. Thanks, Mr. Rees, for calling attention to the way in which the marriage law is carried out. Proposed addition to the Reporters'litany —" From Cotton and his classic lore, deliver us. What is a " tangible step," Mr. Caldwell?' Is it a step by an M.P. as against one by a ghost? "Revolting scenes" at Melbourne Freethought Sunday entertainments to be put down. Mr. Stirling spoke yesterday of " grasping the hang of a question." How, Mr. Stirling, Colonial-made organ at Gawler. Colony chiselled out of 15 per cent. duty. OhI-' Simpson. Chinese furnituremakers in Melbourne struck for piecework—got wrinkle from> barbarians. If tbe pastoral lessees do not like to destroy the rabbits on their runs let them surrender - their leasee. The Attorney-General knew better than dispute the ruling of Chairman re introduction of tariff. Why should members of Assembly be unfit for business after interviewing country friends at Show! The Hon. G. C. Hawker spoke yesterday of the land being "repeopled by rabbits."/ Repeopled is good. A bald rabbits' Bill, eh? Unkind reference to their untimely loss of scalp, our political Crumb8ter considers. Mr. Symon wanted to know if it would noibe necessary to begin again with discussion on<. the tariff—House shuddered. Did Mr. Landseer speak feelingly yesterday anent consequences of getting buttonholed by country constituents ? Mr. Rounsevell did not remember his own speech in last week's " Hansard" until it wasvouched for by several members. George Cotton, about forty-five years ago, knew a conscientious young man—and ha went out of his mind on swearing. Mr. Landseer says that all hon. members if they go to the Show will have a difficulty in getting back to the House. Oh, fie I Members again mixed over the tariff last night—when onionB were reached there was a general scuttle of the Committee for a nip. Shakspearian quotation for to-day— A woman impudent and mannish grown Is not more loathed than an effeminate man. Troilu* and Cretnda. If there were only a duty on leeks, as proposed by Mr. Symon, what a lot the Government would have to pay on a favourite; article of diet. The total takings of the Berkshire Hotel.. Glenelg, in two years were £4,10614s. 8d-, on which the gross profit was £2,303 lis. 4d. Result, insolvency and first-clacs certificate. It is feared that Mr. Mattinson, as the dread Parliamentary Poet Laureate, was not altogether satisfied with "The didactic contributor's" verses in yesterday's Crumbs. Perhaps he thought there was not variety enough in the feet. Soliloquy by a certain plagued Commissioner in the present Government:— When tbe Opposition members do not grumble, —Do not grumble— And the papers stop thai critiques and complaints —And complaints— Then our own friends coolly tell DS that we stumble —That we stumble. Ob, the hottest word my woe but slightly paints —Slightly paints. Ah, my lot is certainly a wretched one —Wretched one. Here a breakdown and a Howe-1 by way of chorus. ' OUB PARLIAMENTARY ALPHABET. begins BBAY—the popular Johnny, Twists as best pays; but, as a man, bonny. B 