CHAPTER XXIX NOT DEAD YET" Arthur Range had carefully packed up his portmanteau, telling himself as he did so that it was high time he went away. " I'm only fooling myself, and I Bhall never get a bit further with her. I shall stop ou here growing more and more disgusted, and ready to fall out with everybody. So sure as I stay here another twenty-four hours I shall have a furious quarrel with Carleigb, and v hat good will it do ? " " I must be off." There was the letter to Uncle Wash. Range began, and thought he would finish it; but no—it was out of the question in his present frame of mind, so he left it. He felt that he had been mad to speak to Judith as he had, and yet somehow he did not repent. Then came the dinner, and the scene down the garden, with his demand for pardon, hiB rash declaration, and the proof that he was rather inexperienced in reading the ways of mankind of the softer sex. "I'm a fool — an idiot!" he said, as he walked slowly on out of the grounds and into one of the broad drives of the wood. "I used to think myself such a strong-minded, matter-of-fact fellow, and here I am as soft as the greatest greenhorn that ever lived. I wanted polish and no mistake, and experience. First I get into that entanglement at Salz bingen, now I get into this one here. " Ho, I don t," he said, after a pause. " The mischief was done at Malaypore. Well, God bless her! It's all over now, and may Bhe keep her word ! "' I shall not marry George Carleigh,' she said. Well, that does reconcile me a bit; and as to that wretched business with Lady Fanshaw, I think the lady's common sense and honesty are gaining the day. And yet she was with him to- night! " My word! how I should like to half kill that scoundrel! One can't—at least, I cant —Btoop to tell tales; and yet what an atmo' sphere it is for my darling to breathe 1 Stop! Hold hard, Arthur, my lad—not your dar ling ! " Yes," he said, after a pauBe, " my dar ling for ever." He said these words with a tender reve rence and in a low whisper, bending hiB head down upon his breast as ne passed beneath the trees. " There," he said, as he reached the open road ; "now let's be a man. A good sharp walk to settle my nerves, then back and to bed, and to-morrow morning a cheery good by and a. little more experience of life in some other form." He was a good mile from the house now, and walking steadily along the by-lane that led into the main road for Brackley. It was i oh rally dark, for Sir Harry's woods were oil either Bide, end two steps from the green border took the traveller in among the pineB. It was a favourite walk of Range's, for the scent of the pines and the smooth needles lying deep beneath suggested to him patches of country in the Far VVeBt. Many were the times that in the heat of the day he had sauntered along here, reading and dream ing and bnt for the darkness, he would have been threading his way amongst them now. Asit was, he kept to the road. All at once there was a flash, and a faint light shone out just ahead. " The keeper, I suppose," said Range to himself; and, walking on, he became aware of something dark on the green border of the road, which soon resolved itself into a fly, whose tall driver had just lit his pipe and was leaning back against his horse, smoking contentedly, while the beast was cropping the grass. It did not excite any surprise in Range's breast, for the man had probably been up to the house from the town, perhaps to take a fresh visitor or a servant. It was nothing to him. He walked past the fly, turned and walked back, the soft night air aiming his heated brain. He knew the worst—the dream was over, and be told himself that he was going to act sensibly now. Tho fly was pretty well half a mile behind him now—perhaps further, for the man might be driving on after giving his horse a rest— when Range heard voices, and suddenly notice two'figures in front of him, the one disposed to be burly, the other thin, as far as he sonld see in the gloom, between what appeared to be two black walls of growth. Ah! here's some one," said a voice, with a strong American drawl. " Say, stranger, we're 'bout lost in this little island. We want to get to Brackley." " Brackley ?" said Range, stopping. " You are eight mUes away." "Guess that's awkward; but we've got it to do. Which way ia it?" "Bight down this lane, till yon get to where another lane crosses. You take that to the right, follow it over the hill, then take the cut through the woodB, and you strike the main road." "Eight miles?" Baid the other, in as strong a twang; " but there must be a place nearer than that." " Nearer?" said Range. " Oh, yes I there's General Fanshaw'B half a mile back." " is that where the ivy lodge is, where the woman gave us some milk ?" "Yes, that is the lodge," said Range. " But, stop ! I had forgotten; there is a snug little inn by the trout stream where you could get a comfortable bed." "How far away, stranger?" said the first speaker. " Oh 1 not above two miles." " Say, Sam," said the first speaker, "guess we'll go there." " Or camp in the woods," said the other. " I'm not going to walk eight miles to-night. I can't. My foot's blistered now." " I can't offer you a bed," said Range," for lam only a visitor myself." " Say, stranger, guess you're from over the way, aren't you !" said the first man. " Yes ; I am an American," replied Range, " Hear that, Sam. Guess you won't find a place now without someone from our groat nation having a look round. Well, thank ye, stranger, all the same. Just you put us in the right road for the fishing inn, and we'll make tracks." Range had said nothing about fishing inn, but he was off his guard, and the man's words did not strike him as being strange. •' Look here," said Range, suddenly. " I passed an empty fly ten minutes ago._ If you could overtake that you could get a ride back to Brackley." "That's the Bort, sir," said the second man. " I'm fagged out; we've been, I reckon, about all over this little island to-day." " Don't brag, Sam," said the first speaker. " We have had a good tramp, though. Good night, and thankye. Think we'll catch the fly?" "It was standing still," said Range. " Gome along then, Sam. But say, stranger, if we don't catch it. which path do we take for the fishing inn ?" " Well, it's rather puzzling," said Range. 41 T,nnV T'll wnllf n. lit,tip wnv wsfch vnn. 1 Look here, I'll walk a little way with you, and put you on a path through the woods to the river. Then you can follow it to the bridge, and there's the inn.', " Guess, Sam, we won't go running after no flies to-night if stranger here will put us on the road. Is it a good inn ?" " Capital, and the country's beautiful!" " 'Tis so all about here—for England!" said the first Bpeakcr. " We're from Baltimore, stranger: where may you have been raised?' "New York; but I'm from Colorado now." " Glad to meet you, sir. Try one of these. My own raisiog. I've a little plantation of my own—very email, but I don't raise any hut the best plants. I don't want to boast, but you'll find that good tobacco." He banded Range a cigar which lie selected from a large case, took one himself, and handed another to his companion. Then there was a pause, matches were struck, and the party walked on smoking, the light of the matches showing Range that his com panions were well-dressed tourists, no doubt seeing the Yorkshire and Derbyshire hills, and each having a satchel slung from his shoulder. " Little patch of a country, England," said the first speaker; " but when you try to walk it. ycu find there's plenty of room, after all. Fine place. "Yes, it is a lovely little island," said Range. " Every spot is so well kept." " 'Tis so. Say, stronger, I didn't know I was bo tired. I'm glad we met you. Guess you are too, Sam. Eh, is anything the matter ?" " A little—faint—I—ah !" Range reeled, and would have fallen heavily but for his companion, who oaught him by the arm and lowered him on to the grass. "That's it, Nathan," said the first speaker. " Now, quick; take his legs, and in there under the treeB." The second man put himself between Range's legs, lifted thcm.aud the two carried hiir. a dozen yards or so beneath the nines, and laid him on the thickly strewn needles. " Haven't given it to him too strong, have yon. Shell ?" " Not I. Take a deal to kill a fellow like biro. Now quick; no talk. The lantern." " But we may be seen. There are keepers, you know." " Hold your Btupid tongue, man. IT e must risk it. If a keeper does come, throw your handkerchief over his face; we'll say he's ill." " But his dress—his" " Curse you, light that lantern, or I'll"— " Oh 1 very well; I only wanted to" "Talk and find difficulties. Why doD't you begin now about the expense? Now, silence. Only throw the light well upon his face." There was the snapping of u match, a little flat bull's eye lantern, taken from one of the satchels, was lit, and the second man held it so that the light fell upon RaDge's pallid face and closed eyes, and also upon a pair of 1 white, busy hands that were going to the satchel ana returning with something, glis tening. Then, dicl", click, click, click! that was the sound of a pair of sharp scissors busily at work, and the light shone on them, and on Range's bright brown beard, while the men were in the shade. Click, click, click, click ! rapidly and cleverly handled, and the scene was very strange. Thick darkness everywhere, save where that pale face lay, lit up by the bright rays of the lantern,a and there was something almost ghoatly in the effect of those two white hands busy with the keen scissors. Click, dick, dick ! and in a very short time Range's beard, moustache, and whiskers were cut off close to his face, and the hair pushed aside into a heap that glistened sometimes when the light was slightly moved. " How long will the stuff last V " An hour. Hold your tongue; steady with the light." Click, click, click! and Range's bright brown curly nair that he had of late worn rather long, tell fast in a heap, first on one side, then on the other, from temples and ears. Then his head was raised deftly upon a knee, which was also now in the circle of the light, and the hair was cleverly shorn off quite close, from crown to nape, on one side. " I'm so afraid of the light being seen," said the second man, " You always are afraid, Nathan," said the other. " Why, you idiot, there's only juBt this little circle, and I shan't be long. We might have slipped on the coat, though. I' shall risk it now, and finish." Click, click went the scissorB all the while, Range's head being turned round so that his left ear lay uppermost; and in an incredibly short space of time the hair was cut clear again from crown to nape, and not badly, for it was in quite a close, short pile. "There,'' said the first speaker; "I'll touch it up, and make him neat afterwards." As he spoke he thrust back the scissors into his satchel, and drew all the hair into a heap upon that of Range's beard, rose from his knees, and went a couple of yards, where he rapidly scraped a. hole in the pine necdleB. fellow the light, .Nathan." The little round circle played upon the grey ground where the hole was made; and into this the hair was thrust and the pine needles scraped back. Just then there was a sigh from out of the darkness where Range lay. " He's waking;, Shell!" " Not he, my boy : nor he won't wake this hour. Turn off the light for a bit." The lantern was darkened. "How the light coat,Nathan." A thin grey tweed overcoat was rapidly set loose from a strap which had held it as a roll slung from the second man's shoulders, shaken out, and in the darkness Range was held by one in a sitting position, while the other rapidly thrust his bauds through the loose sleeveB, drew the coat over his shoul ders. and buttoned it from waist to chin. " Lay him down, Nathan. That's right. Now the light again." " No, no! don't have the light, Shell." " Am I to call and shout at you till some body hears us?' whispered the other savagely. " Once more, man, we must do this thing well or not at all! The light! IE anybody came now, what then ? He is our sick friend, and we should give the bumpkin half a crown to go and fetch the nearest doctor. Another expense, Nathan!" he sneered. " What a man you are, Shell! But, 1 say, do be quick, or we shall fail," " We shall fail if we are too quick, Nathan! It's all going right. Now, then, the light!" " What ore you going to do 5" " Finish my job." " Fkiah yottrjob !" " Yes; I told you it was my depart ment, and I'd do it so that there shouldn't be a ghost of a chance of discovery. Now then. I'm waiting!" "But what are you going to do? Hadn't we better get him away ? Here's the cup." " Wait and see. The light!" The circle of light played once more upon Range's ghastly face, and what followed would have been ludicrous but for the undercurrent of danger to the victim. For the white hands were busy in the shadow once more, and then they appeared about the face, over which a white composi tion was lightly brushed, rubbed in over cheek and chin ; and then a bright keen blade flashed and played in the light, as one hand held the face and chin and the other rapidly shaved cheek, lip, chin in turn—not a sound being heard but tbe rasp, rasp, rasp of the razor, which was handled in masterly style till the upper scrape or two had been given, and Range's face was as smooth as that of a child. " There, Nathan ; I didn't think when they made me barber's mate at Siug-Sing it would turn out so useful as it has." *' What a man you are, Shell," muttered the other, in a voice full of scared admira tion. " What a man you are not to hold a light," said the other, replacing his implements in in his satchel. • ¥ou have done now: "Not quite. Only the finishing touch wanted," was the reply, and in the light one of the white hands was rapidly inserted in a loose old glove. Then a bottle was taken out of the bag and a piece of sponge, the bottle uncorked, after being shaken, the sponge saturated, and the smooth face, forehead, and head quickly rubbed over with the nurd, which was also carefully applied down the neck, a Handkerchief being uBed to protect collar and tie. It was all very quickly done, and there was something even more weird now in that bright patch of light to see those quick hands—one white, the other brown, bus over the smooth, ghastly face, which rapidly assumed a creamy and then a yel lowish hue. "There," said the first speaker, "1 call that a job, Nathan. His head's dry enough; put on his cap, and make yourself happy. I can do without the light; blow it „ut! Stop a moment! Let's see if I've got all my tackle." The light was played about the ground for a moment, and the various articles replaced in the satchel. " There, Nathan, blow out the light, my lad, and, like 'the baselesBfabric of a vision, leave not a wrack behind.'" Instant darkness was the result. ."I breathe more freely now," said the light-hearer. Well, for the matter of that, Nathan, so do L It is, as the F rench fellows say, un fait accompli. I wish I had had another look at his phiz." "It was quite right—a wonderful trans formation." "Yes, I take credit for it, Nathan. It would puzzle his dearest fiicuds; even old Wash. .Range, to know him now. Ha! ha! ha!" "Hush ! don't be foolish. What are you laughing at?" " I was wondering what Sarah will say to her handsome flame when sheseea him." "Hush! don't; stop larking," said the other, eagerly. " Now, then, what next ?" "Next? Oh ! no hurry, my dear Nathan, Our safety lies in taking everything extremely coolly, /ou see the valne now of doing everything thoroughly, as I have. You didn't know I had those traps in my bag." iderful." No, my dear boy. It is wond "Rubbish ! It's foresight, my dear Nathan; now take a sip of this to put some courage in you. 1 told you I'd manage the trick. Here it is—done!" " Not done yet." " Yes, done. The rest is as easy as can be. How the bird walked into the trap!" " Yes, capitally!" '* Lucky tor him that he did. Saved him some unpleasantness, and a dose of some thing worse, for I meant to have him to-night somehow." " Shell, you are a genius," said Nathan, passing back the flask to his companion. "But where is his cigar? It might tell tale«." "Not it! It might half poison some foolish boy who found and finished it. That's a strong brand, that from Baltimore, Nathan. But make your benevolent mind easy; it's in^m^pocKet." "Now then, got everything?" " Yes." "Thenlet's get him to the side of the road. One moment, though; take off those rings and pnt 'em in your pocket." Range's fingers were stripped, while busy hands removed his watch and chain. "Nowfor his pocket-book, Nathan. That's it. ■ We'll see what's in it when we get a chance." "Shall—shall I carry the pocket book, Shell?" "Curse you for a suspicious hound, Nathan!" cried the other fieroely. " I begin to wish sometimes that I hadn't joined you in this job," "I—I beg your pardon. Shell, I do, indeed, said the other, humbly. "I have been so shuffled, you know, it makes me sus picious. There, I won't be so again." "Take his legs," said Sheldrake, gruffly. His companion obeyed, and the insensible man was borne to the grase on the side of the lane and seated with his bach against a tree. "He's going to wake," said Nathan, in a frightened whisper. " No he is not," said the other. " Didn't you see?" " See ? See what!" "1 gave him a lozenge while you were clearing up. I had to force his teeth open with the scissors, and he has it fast. Now, then, get the fly up, and let's be off. Why, Nathan !" "What? What is it? Anything wrong ?" " Oh! wo'll get over it in the fly; but it shows that however careful we are" "What have you done? What have you missed ?" " 1 forgot to do his hands." "Hah!" " And you didn't remind me when you took off his rings." "No!" "It wasn't a question of coin, Nathan Newburn. There, go and get up the fly." Mewburn went off at a rapid pace, leaving his companion beside the insensible man: and as soon as he was alone, Sheldrake said to himself— " I don't think I've forgotten anything now. We won't keep up the colour; but till we have him safe at home, I don't think any one is likely to ask unpleasant questions about the dark gentleman in a dangerous state; and I don't think they will mix him up with Arthur Lincoln Range, our dear American friend." He stood there listening, with Range's head propped against his leg, to keep him from falling, as ne waited for the fly, the woods near Sir Harry Fanshaw's country home being rather prolific of adventure upon that soft, dark night. " Humph! there they come," said Shel drake, with a satisfied sigh. "Just done in time—there's the moon rising above the trees." The fly was soon beside the insensible man, and he was lifted in. Mewburn followed, and Sheldrake mounted beside the driver, who immediately went off at a rapid rate, under the direction of the man at his side. Range sank back in the corner of the fly, where ne had been placed, and seemed to be sleeping heavily. He was supported bv pillows, and a couple of planks had been iaid from seat to seat, with cushions thereon, so that, in his character of invalid, his legs might rest in a horizontal position; while his captors were so careful that they had provided a rug to keep away the cold night air. Not a pleasant position for a young man, an hour before full of life and action, if not hope; but far better than lying, as Lady Fanshaw supposed, stark and stiff in the wood beyond the WildernesB, and she, in some sort, answerable for his death. ■Sheldrake had made his plans, and hour after hour that fly went steadily on, till after 1 the first halt made for refreshing the horse. It was just midnight when the unwearying eye of the law fell upon it, with the result that about one o'clock, as the fly waB going steadily on jnst beyond the village where the halt had been made, a policeman stepped out from beneath some trees and uttered the magic word— " Stop!" 