THE MAN SHE CARED FOB. By f. w. bobehbob; Author of ' Grandmother's Honey,' ' Coward Con- . ? science,'' 'Poor Zeph,' 'Anne Judge, Spinster.' 'The Black Speck,' 'Hands of Justice,' 'A Woman's Bansom,' to. Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK THE THIRD.— THE MISTRESS OF ILVERCOMBE. Chatter XL.— Night Time (Continued.) The instructions were given, and Agnes and : her grandmother went up the broad stairs to gether. At the door of the elder woman'fe room they paused, and old Mrs. Dangerfield said very solemnly— 'Good night, child, and God be with you till we meet again.' 'Shall I come and sit with you for a while?' ' No ; Therese will do that' 'You are not going to sit up I hope?' Agnes enquired. . ' . ' . ... ' I am not going to rest immediately ; but then the old don't crave for rest— dont require it like the young. I think,' she added, ' that I have work to do before I sleep.' 'Pray let me help you.' ' That is beyond your power, Agnes. Good night again ; think no more of what I have sakt until the tune comes to act. You should have* - nothing save bright thoughts, for you are entering on a new life, believing that marriage means love and constancy and happiness. I» . not that it ?' 'It should mean that or nothing,' was tha , answer. . . 'And it means all three with Daniel Orer dqwn. Ah ! well,' sighed the grandmother, ' J. wish it had been Hamilton.' . 'Pray, don't say so! You cannot guess what is for the best.' ? . 'No, I have been never able to guess that,' These were the parting words Between tha kinswomen, and they gave a turn to the old train of thought when Agnes ChaUis was safe . within her room. They turned her from the one theme which had stalked into the fore* . ground that night— which had been the aim and object of her life before love had gained the mastery. Love— and for whom? She had not owned, to loving Daniel Overdo wn, not as a woman should love the man whom she accepts for a suitor ; and yet she was as troubled as * love-sick maiden that night, and dreamed in the moonlight like a very Juliet. But it was scarcely the face of a Juliet thinking of her Romeo, as she sat at the window with the curtains drawn back from ' the winter landscape, all white and silver beneath the moonbeams ; not a face fall of praise and rhapsody and hope, with the stamp of heaven upon it, the ever creative heaven of her own bright future— glorious fallacy that it may be to the girl who loves lor the first time. It was a face expressive of pain, of an effort at resignation at which her her heart rebelled — the face of one who has awakened from a dream, instead of one who dreams oh and believes visions reality. Engaged to be married ! Yes ; she had pro mised Daniel Overdown to become his -wife ; she had taken pity upon him and saved him from despair ; she had rewarded his long study of her by answering 'Yes.' She could noti dare not, think out the story to the end. He had given her time, her own time, and it would not be difficult to train herselL-to *-»» duty which she had undertaken. He would not hurry her; he would wait patiently fox years, and in years she should forget. Forget what? She did not whisper all that was in her heart ; she did not dare to own that - Daniel Overdown was deposed, had never reigned, had'only held the foremost place by the right which constituted.him.her benefactor, never a lover, or the ghost of one. Suddenly, in the midst of her reverie, ft voice of the night startled her by calling oat her name, and she sprang up and pressed her face to the glass, so that she might peer down into the shadows of the garden close beneath the windows. There was a man standing and looking up at her, or her dream had taken & new shape. She opened the window with trembling hands. ' Don't be afraid, Aggie, it is I— Sam I' her brother called forth in a low tone. ' You here again ? at this hour ! Has any thing happened?' ' I am watching the house, that's all; and there are those who don't sleep in it any better than yourself,' he said in the same suppressed tone of voice.' ' What do you mean ?' ' There is a light in the room of our father's study to-night— ^there was one last night ;' Sam replied. 'Impossible!' ' I saw it after I had left you, and tried to climb np_ by the ivy, which broke down with me. It is there again to-night.' Aggie Challis was a brave woman, but she - felt the blood running not so warmly in her veins as it had done a minute or two since. ' Are you certain of this V 'Quite certain. I have been expecting the light — watching for it,' he repeated. ' I will go. Wait underneath the wjp-li»ws of the study till you see me, SanJ.^near my voice.' ^-- ?'' 'All right!' She closed the window, took up her light, and went with a rapidly beating heart into the shad/™1^ corridor. 'It was a rash adventureandrequiredall her: strength of mind to follow to the end. If Sam. were right, and it was not likelythathe should be the victim of hallucination, there were plotters abroad, and it was necessary to watch them and confound them. In the disused apartment ofher father her grandmother had owned to valuable papers being secreted, and others in the house— servants, perhaps visitors —had heard of this fact, and were searching for them when honest folk 'were sleeping. - See was acting for herself, and in her own cause, by proceeding to the rescue. Nervous and ex cited as she was, it did not strike her that it might be venturing into -no common danger until she stood with her hand on the study door, which was ajar— startling proof of a tres passer lurking within. She hesitated then for the first time^tiw thought of awaking Therese, or one of the' ser vants on the upper floors, occurring to her as & necessary procedure before- she faced the un known on the other side of the wainscot. She listened. The silence was unbroken by . a sound ; no one stirred within the study ; if any one were breathing there, she must have heard it, listening thus intently. She could believe at last that it ws& a delusion of her brotner a. and her hand stole forward softly and pushed the door inwards by an inch or two, whilBtnec great hazel eyes glared at the opening «»» She drew 1»-* as*'* quickly; there ml ft Up^ic burning in the study, and mortal Tiands . Ibaii placed!* there, as sirrely as there mast be ; a. moridtl form amongst the dust and books of her father's favorite room. ' The light was -very bright, but the stillness t-I death was in: the room;' There was not a movement- within; -Agnes was' certain, and, unable ? to endure _ longer the suspense-^the horror of the position — she pushed the door aside and went in,- with a hand pressed upon Ler upheaved breast One quick* eager,- comprehensive glance, and then the truth 'appalled her -utterly, and a wild scream' of -affright escaped her, and. rang echo ingthrough the aoradorSk The iron safe was opes, and old -Mrs. Danger field lay on the floor before it a dead woman, with the keys clutched tightly in her hands. 