dTíjf appfcitig £slovntns fëmiBi. FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1885. After a prolonged and careful trial, the case arising out of the railway accident near Cootamundra has been decided in favour of the Government;. The plaintiff sought for damages to the amount of £1000 ; but the result probably means the saving of a great deal more than that sum to the country. The losses incurred by the Government of Victoria through a recent railway accident were large enough to affect the Treasurer's balance-sheet and if in this instance the charge of negligence which lay at the foundation of the plaintiff's claim for compensation had been proved, it can hardly be doubted that many other sufferers by the accident, with claims resting upon the same foundation, would have brought them for ward. In that case there would only have remained the assessment in each case of the damages which the Government would have been called upon to pay. The Commissioner for Railways was the nominal defendant in this case, whilst Mr. Adams was the immediate plaintiff ; but the ultimate truth is that the public stood interested in both sides. If the plaintiff had won, the public would have had to pay ; but the public had a larger interest than the plaintiff in this action, or than all possible plaintiffs in connection with the accident, in the exposure of negligence, if negligence had been the cause. The public interest in this matter is two-sided, because the public both owns the railways and travels upon them. The travelling public would be running no slight risk if the construction and management of the railways were marked by negligence. The proprietary interest of the public in the railways would be a somewhat hazardous thing if the mere occurrence of an accident were of itself enough, as proving negligence, to make the country responsible for the consequences, where the absence of negligence could not be clearly proved. That, however, does not appear to be the law of the case. When an accident happens, if the Government can put in evidence a reasonable explanation of its cause, responsibility does not accrue unless negligence be positively proved. The public may be congratulated upon the issue of this action, because by rejecting the charge of negligence it tends to establish comMence, and because the judicial ruling as to the burden of proof will tend to discourage litigation upon slender grounds. The alleged negligence was charged under two heads : In the one for insufficient provision for the flow of water, in the other for not properly looking after the condition of the line in view of the heavy rainfall. The first question was one of engineering, as to which a difference of professional opinion at the trial was naturally to be looked for. Experts may generally be found to provide a conflict of testimony upon such points, and non-professional men will consider the known standing and experience of the witnesses in deciding whose judgment shall be accepted. In this instance it was a strong point in favour of the defendant that the culverts in question had withstood previous heavy floods. Some of the jurors seemed, if we understand them rightly, to think that in the light of this last unprecedented rainfall, it would have been better to make the openings larger. But that may be said without assuming that this rainfall would of itself have destroyed the culverts, and without implying that anything like negligence had actually been shown. The positive evidence against negligence in this matter was too strong to be set aside. After the first plans had been prepared there was a special examination of the watershed, and the culverts were enlarged from five feet to eight feet. It is well that this fact was brought to light. The lesson from it will not be lost upon the Department. It is necessary for the protection not only of the public, but also of the public purse, that the Department should always be prepared to produce evidence of a comprehensive examination and careful study of water- sheds, rainfall, and flood levels in the country traversed by the railways. But the question of the sufficiency of two culverts was, for the purposes of this action, shunted by the evidence that the line was swept away by the bursting of the dams. Whether the culverts were sufficient or insufficient for the safe discharge of even an extraordinary rainfall, the engineers could not be held responsible for failing to foresee, that after the construction of the line the creek would be dammed, and that, by the bursting of the dams, the artificially pent-up) waters would be suddenly launched against the line, like an avalanche, to carry everything before them. And this explanation of the cause of the breakaway has some bearing also upon the charge of negligence under the second head. Assuming that there was no negligence in the construction of the line, was there any in the failure of the authorities to keep such a watch upon the line he would have prevented the train rushing into the gap after the culvert had been carried away ? This is the question which seemed to us from the first to be most threatening to the Government. It differs from the other - in this respect The constructing engineers could not he called upon to provide against all possible artificial dangers in the future. Could the managers of the line be required to provide against all actual dangers, whether" natural or artificial, to which it was exposed? The principle governing the other case does seem to be applicable to this, though not perhaps absolutely ; because in some cases the existence of danger" from artificial causes might be known, and the knowledge might call for special precaution. But it could hardly be said that the railway authorities were bound to know that these dams were likely to burst. When the Cootamundra stationmaster went" as far as the Gap at Mullaly's, he was not aware of danger at the culvert beyond, where the train was wrecked. We can understand why in that case he should be relieved of responsibility for the accident. But it does not follow that no one else in the Department ought to have had a more extensive knowledge of the line, and to have been charged'! with the duty of keeping a vigilant watch capture it. The legal answer to that seems to be that the Government does not insure against accident- and that, when it has taken reasonable precaution, the occurrence of accident is not proof of negligence. But what is reasonable precaution? That is a matter which can hardly lie between hard and fast lines, and must be left, we presume to the discretion of juries to determine in particular cases. In this instance the jury found that reasonable precaution had been taken ; but it is not to be assumed that the opinion of the jury in this case lays down an authoritative rule as to how far the Government should go, or as to the limit beyond which the Government need not go, in betting after the lines during wet weather, of legal responsibility for negligence is to be avoided. But the Government ought to look beyond the mere question of legal responsibility in such a matter as this, where human life may be at stake and although economy must be studied in the public in tanks, the public interest demands that there shall be no cheeseparing in this particular. When a statesman makes a false step, and does it too in the spirit of mischief, he never knows when his wrong-doing will turn up and confront him. He may forget it, or make believe that he does ; but there are sure to be kind friends who will jog his memory just when he least desires it, and his past will come up before him as inconveniently as Banquo's ghost at Macbeth's feast. This is just the case with Mr. Berry and the Stock Tax. He is posing now as the man who is going to bring about Federation by means of reciprocity tariffs. Mr. Service unites despatches, but they come to nothing ; SIr. Berry makes fiscal treaties which will prove the real lover to lift as to the federal platform. The Federal Bill may possibly prove inoperative, but the Imperial Act enabling the colonies to make reciprocity treaties with each other embodies, in Mr. Berry's judgment, the modus operandi by which the colonies will be brought en rapport Arith each other it will bring about a uniform tariff,, and Federation will follow. Two years ago Mr. Service said, " Let us federate first, and leave tariff discussions to follow." Mr. Berry now says, " Let us have reciprocity first, and Federation will come of itself." This was the one w lie propounded in the Victorian Legislative Assembly a few days ago. Whether he is right or not in his view, the interesting point to notice just now is his singular inconsistency in preaching reciprocity while he keeps up the stock tax. That tax is pre-eminently his own invention, and it is the most unfederal thing that has ever been done in the history of Australia. It was deliberately put on with the view of bringing New South Wales to its knees, and it is deliberately kept on with the view of bargaining with this colony in future tariff negotiations. It is not wanted for revenue purposes, and it was not asked for by any interest that wanted protection ; it is purely a piece of foreign policy, and as long as it stands on the statute- book in expresses a spirit of hostility to New South Wales. If Mr. Berry were to come forward and say, " I made a mistake in imposing that tax ; it has done New South Wales no harm and Victoria no good ; it has alienated from us Riverine custom and Riverine attachment ; it stands in the way of federal fiscal policy, and is a perpetual reproach to Victorian statesmanship in general, and to me in particular, and therefore I propose to abolish it ;" if he were to come forward and say and do all this, why then there might be joy among the angels in heaven. When Mr. Berry is simply moralising he is excellent. Hear him " All the talk about Federation was a sham if the colonies did not work together in a friendly spirit. If we meant what we said with regard to Federa- tion, we should, at least, respond to the most tations of the other colonies to remove any disabilities under which they laboured, especially when they offered an corresponding benefits in return." Most admirable ! " A Daniel come to judgment." Does then Mr. Berry propose at once to abolish the stock tax? Not at all. Our political Pecksniff has one code for profession and another for practice. a If New South Wales met Victoria in the same spirit as Tasmania, neither the stock tax nor any other tax would DO allowed to stand as an obstacle at the way of a proper understanding Is not this beautiful The real obstacle in the way of abolishing the stock tax is made to appear to be New South Wales, which is wanting in the proper spirit with which to meet Victoria-Kew South Wales having actually had nothing whatever to do with this stock tax, having neither provoked it nor retaliated on it. But what is the proper spirit in which we ought to meet Victoria ? Mr. Berry tells us very plainly. Here is his policy, including the and to be aimed at and the means for its attainment : " Queensland was most anxious to have her Sugar introduced into Victoria free of duty and it would be quite possible to make a treaty by which the sugars and other products of Queensland would be admitted here free of duty. In the same way he had no doubt that Tasmania would be glad to have our manufactures on easier terms than the manufactures of other countries while Ave admitted her natural products on a similar basis. By entering into these treaties the colonies would be paving the way for a common tariff and Federation, and the protection of the interests of the whole of Australia against the world." There is nothing new in these views, for they have been substantially expressed before, but they contain in a nutshell the federal policy of > Victoria. It is that we should legislate in a sense hostile, to Imperial interests with a view to enabling Victoria to exchange her manufactures with the natural products of the surrounding colonies. That is the spirit to which Tasmania has been Drought by proper submission to Berry's diplomacy. That is the spirit to which Queensland is to be brought by bribing her with the offer of a free market for her sugar in Victoria that is the spirit to which New South Wales is to be brought by offer- is to abolish the stock tax. How many people are there in this colony who think that the repeal of that tax will be a sufficient inducement to prefer Victorian to English manufactures ? "U we do see things in that light, we are, according to Mr. Berry, wanting in a proper spirit ; our low moral . tone the great obstacle to the removal of the tax, and we are not abreast of the federal policy of the ' day. We are very much afraid that, laggard pupils as we already are, we shall continue to be backward," and that it will be some time yet before we can educate ourselves to the narrowness, meanness, and selfishness of Mr. Berry's diplomacy. We may expect some difference of opinion as to the manner in which the Patriotic Fund should be distributed, but there ought to be none in regard to the object for which the fund has been raised. The £35,000, or thereabouts, of which the fund consists, was given partly for the support of the Contingent during its absence from the colony, and partly for the relief of the widows and orphans of those who might fall in battle or die during the campaign. The Government undertook the sole responsibility of supporting the Contingent, and as the money was not wanted for the first of the objects for which it was raised, it was left available for the second. But the losses among the Contingent have been few, and it may be concluded that no very considerable part of the money will be wanted for the relief of widows and orphans. Under those circumstances the question that arises is, What is to be done with the money 1 With so large a fund at their command, the committee will have many temptations to be extravagant. Already several ways of disbursing the fund have been devised ; but the Patriotic Fund Committee will probably hold that their charity must be limited to the objects which we have named. The committee may fairly consider the case of the family of any member of the Contingent who has suffered in the service of his country ; but farther than this it will hardly be able to go. The subscribers have given their money for a definite object, and, under existing circumstances at least, the money cannot be used for any other purpose without their consent. By an order of the Court the committee might be enabled to serve a patriotic charity of any other kind, and sooner or later it may be desirable to hold a public meeting with a view to the finding of some new channel of operations. But there is no need for hurry. If properly managed, the fund will get larger, and not smaller, and in due time the committee may discover a cause that will be worthy of the subscriber and the country. Meanwhile it is to be hoped that they will not conclude that because they have plenty of money they may spend it with a free hand. The committee may feel that it is better that they should not be bound by hard-and-fast rules ; but they will probably remember that the more definite their line of action, the less likely are they to make difficulties for themselves and for the public. During the proceedings in the Equity Court a day or two ago, Sir William Mawnino made a statement which has a very important bearing upon the administration of justice, and therefore should receive careful attention from the Government and the . Legislature. He remarked that although he had sat in Equity for five months continuously, had abstained from going on circuit, and had taken a holiday of only one week at Easter, there were nevertheless 39 suits still remaining on the paper for trial. He considered that the jurisdiction was in danger of disgrace by reason of the delayed administration of justice, and pointed out that inas- much as it was impossible, because of the restrictions in the law, to appoint a second Judge in Equity, there seemed no prospect of any improvement taking place in future. There is no doubt about the existence of the evil, nor can there be any doubt that it is a serious one. It will have to be remedied. But how? The natural answer to, appoint another Judge. But it is hardly likely that the Government will ask the Legislature to do that. So many objections were raised to the proposal to appoint a fifth Supreme Court Judge, and so much opposition shown to the efforts that were made to carry out the proposal, that the Government will hardly take any action with the view of creating a sixth Judge. No immediate remedy can therefore be looked for in that quarter". Nor can the Judges themselves be expected to solve the difficulty by increased application to their duties. They have been working at high-pressure for many months ; they have not enjoyed the relaxation from official responsibilities to which they are entitled, and which, indeed, they ought to take. There is a method, however, by which the business in the Courts might be transacted in a reasonable time without increasing the number of Judges. It is the one which it is proposed to adopt in the Courts in Victoria namely, to appoint stenographers and expert typewriters to take down and transcribe the evidence, thus relieving the Judges of the necessity of making notes. If it is true and there is no reason to doubt the statement that by an arrangement of this nature at least half the time now occupied in trying cases would be saved, the scheme ought to be brought into operation in our courts without delay. Were this to be done, there would be no remanets at the end of the terms, and the judges would not be required to sacrifice their holidays to attend to the business of the country. 