A Blackall Apparition. Blackall has been blessed with an apparition. Calm yourselves, superstitious readers; I don't mean a ghost. There is nothing supernatural in this par., though some may scornfully deem it un natural. The apparition of which I speak is. a real, spectacled, flesh-and-blood one. At least the spec tacles are real, and can be sworn to. And, whoever saw a myth troubled with an affection for real spectacles ? : An eager crowd swarmed around the Blackall Post Office, at mail-delivery time, when the apparition first beamed upon the residents through his official spectacles. For the'apparition, be it known, is a he, and is an official—no less than one of the newly appointed, thousand - a - year Commissioners for Dividing Euns. Elbowing his way through the members of the common herd, who were gathered around the delivery-window, patiently awaiting their letters, the lordly apparition bawled out an enquiry about expected telegrams from the seat of (govern ment. There were no telegrams for the apparition who thereupon turned round and clove his mighty way back through the crush, exclaiming in authoritative tones, " Give way there! Make room! " He divided obstructionists so mightily with his official hands, that he nearly toppled over" the high verandah with the sudden force of his exercised dignity, and brusquely hustled aside such humble personages as the local doctor, burly Cornkey, a newly-fledged publican who refused to Budge an inch, &c; * " Jumping Jimmy J /Who's this almighty non such ? " yelled a bystander. "Him? Why he's-the new Commish'ner for Dividing Buns," replied a neighbour. " I guess he oughter be the boss Commish'ner for running a divide/' snarled a Yankee, who stuck square in the great man's path and caused him to make an unavoidable zig-zag. On hearing these presumptuous words, the appari tion was seen, in the pale moonlight, that cast an eerie glamour upon his high-caste countenance, to turn and glare upon the speaker for fully a minute. Then, with the unsteady gait of a man who has received a mortal wound, he staggered away, with the weight of the aggressive pun upon his saddened soul. ' ^ _ . Chables Bushby, who attempted to murder Detective Hyland, in December last, at Ballarat, Victoria, was hanged in Ballarat G-aol on the third inst. 