THE MAGAZINES FOR AUGUST. -3. (FIRST NOTICE.) The August number of Longmans' Magazine realises the four which we have long felt. The noble young gamekeeper in Mr. Black's " White Heather," banished from his beloved mountains and locks, and condemned of live in grimy Glasgow, is going to the bad. His gradual declension towards drink, idleness, vulgarity, and low company is described with admirable power and truthfulness. Whether his " Meenie " will save him remains to be seen, but Mr. Black has such a liking for sad and pathetic endings that one dreads the worst The story continues to be full of poetry somewhat after the manner of Burns, but that Mr. Black is not another Burns every fresh set of verses more and more convinces one. "Eulalie," by the author of '"Mrs. Jerningham's Journal," is a silly story, which nevertheless one cannot help reading to the end. A Middle-aged clergyman falls in love with a blue-eyed, dimpled little maiden of 10. He is just about to many her when he discovers that she is five- and-thirty, was had two husbands, one of whom she attorn pied to Murder and has been a Russian political spy. There is an interesting paper by Mr. W. H. Pollock on Garrick's Acting as seen in his Own Time," and another on Rochefoucauld by Mr. H. M. Trollope. " My Friend the Beachcomber " seems to be a study morn real life, and a very amusing paper it is. This is the way that the Beachcomber acquired an estate : " ' They're superstitious beggars, those Kannlcns. You've heard of buying a thing for a song P Well, I got my Station for a whistle. They believe that spirits twitter and whistle, and you'll hardly get them to go out at night, even with a boiled potato in their hands, which they think good against ghosts, for fear of hearing "the bogies. So I just went whistling Bonnie Dundee at nights all round the location I fancied, and after a week of that, not a nigger would go heart. They made it over to me, gratis, with an address on my courage and fortitude. I gave them some blankets in and that's how real properly used to change hands in the Pacific. But the old tunes are done 'and hero The Beachcomber began to use the most undeserved > md libellous expressions, which I scorn to report, about Mr. Gladstone and the Government which of Into happily controlled the destinies of the Empire.' " Mr. R. L. Stephenson's "Prince Otto" is one of the cleverest stories now being published. The fact that it is something of an allegory may cover a few readers, but as soon as one has read a page or two the real human interest overpowers the moral (whatever that may be), and one is absorbed in the story itself. If it were not for a slight suspicion that the character of Joanna, in " Court Royal, is becoming rather impossible, one has nothing but praise for the present instalment of that novel in the Cornhill Jidoacine. There is plenty of humour in this story an immense boon now-a-days and so there is in Mr. Christie Murray's " Rainbow Gold," the plot of which is becoming very exciting. There are three' excellent scientific and historical articles, called " Fossil Food " (ie., still), "Room Boroughs," and the Birth of Mountains." A wild story of the Edgar Poe Port, called "A Cheap Nigger," completes on uncommonly good number. Except that one is getting more than a little tired of Mr. Walter Crane's verses and his illustrations to them, the same may be said of the English Illustrated Magazine. "Bill Judge" is an extraordinarily pathetic story of a street arab. .' Beneath the Dark Shadow " is the first part of one of those weird stories of which Jllaehwood used to have the monopoly. " The Pilgrimage of the Thomas" is continued, with charming illustrations, and there is a remarkably good paper, also beautifully illustrated, on the "Highland Crofters." The late Hugh Conway's " A Family Affair " remains the serial. Chambers's Journal and Good Words both call forth the same criticism. Except their stories, the papers fall considerably below even the standard of ordinary journalism. At times the very English is deplorable. What newspaper editor, for instance, would admit such a sentence as this, which occurs in an article on " Home Nursing " in Chambers's Journal :-" If able to get up, there should he at least two or three easy chairs and footstools of various heights ? " Mrs. Oliphant's " A House Divided Against Itself " is of course the chief attraction of Chambers's Journal, and there are also two readable stories called Walter Drew" and "The Elephant Turner." The rest of the magazine is very poor work indeed. Mr. James Payn's " The Luck of the Darrells," in good Words, is increasing in interest. In fact such a writer could not long bore one, as to say the truth, he did in the last number. The story called " Andrew Gordon " is concluded, and Mary Howitt continues her pleasantly gossiping " Bernini sconces of my Life." In a. paper on the " Highland Crofters " a ludicrous instance is given of the excessive courtesy of the Highlanders. A dinner and a dance was being given to the tenants : " The number of guests being far in excess of the number of chairs we could muster, benches had been provided rondo of planks nailed on low tressels. Early in the course of the dinner one of those benches (happily one standing against the wall gave May and sion ly subsided, leaving a row of six persons in the' attitude of the seated, but without any scarf s, and this attitude they remained, somewhat helped by the wall, making as though nothing unexpected had occurred, and in that attitude would they un- complainingly have remained to the end of dinner, had not one of us fortunately observed the accident, and insisted with them that they must so far disturb the proceedings as to come out and lot the bench be set up again." the rest of the magazine is very indifferent padding. The editor contributes a sermon, preached before the Queen, and published at her Majesty's request, which fell irresistibly remind naughty people of some wicked Juts on the ordinary type of sermon recently pub- ached. In the Century Mr. W. D. Howells concludes his Rise of Silas Lapham, which has not been a marked success and Mr. Henry James continues his Box Etonians," which, notwithstanding the author's fame, must be pronounced a dismal failure. In the cleverest of Mr. James' stories one was always wondering why one was not bored, but in this there is no doubt about the boredom. The best illustrations are in the article on " Panfoito di Siena," and those are certainly very good indeed. Other well-illustrated papers are on Camp Grindstone " the most of the American canoe club), and on " Typical Dogs." In the latter the fox (terrier and the head of the Irish water spaniel are admirable. Besides the usual series of var papers, the article perhaps most generally interesting is one on American " Hotelkcoping." The following verses, supposed to be written by an old negro, complaining of modern singing, are quaint with a true American quaintness, and have a touch of imagination which is almost true poetry : " For day's heap o' dear new-fashion' songs-jcs'.suig 'em how you plea so Dot 'ill fly off and do hairy kin, or lodge amongst do trees, Or get drowned in do thunder-cloud, or tangled in do aims; For day lack do steady wild-goose flop dnt Iii's do good old hymns. Do weakening' old camp meetin' church is yes' do things for me, Dat start up furn n nigger's soul like blackbirds turn a tree, Wid a flutter 'amongst his feelings as' a wetness round do eyes, Toll lie almost see de employs to do mansions in do aides." Everybody's will read the article in Harper's Maga one on " English and American Railways." The writer is a true patriot, but he is obliged to confess that railway travelling is much more comfortable, as it certainly is faster in England than in America. That- is an interesting paper, exquisitely illustrated, on Decorative Sentiment in Birds." Another good article is one on " Social Democrats in the Reichstag." The host of the stories is called " Elder Brown's Backslide." The Magazine of Art is worth far more than its price, if only for the engraving of Alma Tudema's charming " Who is it in exhibited at the Grosvenor Gallery. But the whole number is good, and comprises illustrated articles on "The Dart," Daniel Chodowiocki " (the Polish etcher of the last century) "The Romance of Art" (Correggio and Parma), '. Old London Doorways," and Female Headgear." 