A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY. Yesterday came the news that t&e; Gorman Government had recognised the claim o! Holland to the eaitirn half of New Guinea, atd ai Groat Biitain had always previously allowed that it was well founded, fwe may consider that the subjiot is due witb, The Dutch Sovereignty has b:on purely nominal, atdnothinghac over beon dono to improve or settle that portion of tha leknd which is claimed by Holland. But It is oheapar to bay a claim of this kind than to diioaes It. We suggested come days since, that tbeparebaw ol the Dnloh claim wonld ba the bast way ol settling the matter, and we may be vary sore that if the British do not bay it, eome day the Germ&ue; will take it. If the Datoh half ot New Guinoa became English it would ho hardly worth the whilo of Prinoa Bismrack to retain the nook he has annexed. On the other baud if he should obtain tbo Datch portion he wouldtbenhave nn overpowering prepond jranco in the Island, Tbo quosllon ol New Guinea is one of vital importance to Australia. We do not want any foreign power to have settlement i at out very doors, to serve as the basis ot hostile operations whenever England may happen to be at war, and we should bad with delight any rfaionabtearrangemeotwber&bjGsrmanymlght; be fnduocd to retire from that portion of Now Guinea which she bos tiken possession of, It might be possible to persuade her to do so wbils she only hclds a small share, but should she ever obtain tha bulk of the island, we might effer all the temptations in onr power in vain, To this point Mr Service may well devote all hia onorgtes and his diplomatia skill, It would ba well worth bis while to see bow far he would be supported by the other colcnles in offering to bear a part o! the expense, Wo must bi prepared to put our bands in our pockets, On this, as on other occasions, wo must pay for our wbfetlo, Wa want New Guinea, not so much for its own sake, as to provent ,it from b3fng need as a point whence out eora- merca would bo endangered ; and if we do net get it, we thai have to spand an amonnt on de fensive forooa whioh would in a faw years pay its valae twioe or thrice over. It wonld bs oheapec to pay for the island than for a da- fence foroe,».vn it the oultey weretho same, be cause in the first ease tho mon wonld be left free to ongago in pgaootul industry. Of course wo mast have a force for onr defonoa, and wa ongbt to sea that onr population are armed and drilfed, Bat we mart fntsrfere as lltUa aa possible with tha regular industries of the people, in order that tha country may bo properly developed and mad to sup port a largo and stable population. Lord Benoomfi.-Id whoo ho bought tha hrga intorest tho Eogluh Govornmcut now hold in tho Suez CasaI, took a atop which was oxocod- irgly popular with tho publio. It turnoJ out toboa souroocf psounWry profit olio, for tbo market value of the shares tmi icoroaaod Im mensely slnoo tho timo of his purohato, Bat that was uot tho reaton why tho Biitioh pgoplo so heartily approved his action. It was bccauBO It gavo tho Gavornmsnt a real share in tho ecntrol ot a groat artery of British Ttnde, hitherto entirely ia tho powor of an alien corp;rr.t;on. That trade is tho very lite blocd of E jgland,acd so it is o! bar colonies. Wo share in its profits, wa mutt share in tbo oost of its promotion. Wo help to proteot It when wo romovo cr noutralhs a danger, aud this is what wo must do with Now Guinea, For tlio oultaro cf tropioal produoo.for tho produolicn of sugar, cotton, ooffos, spices, and othor oomm:ditkscf tbo kind, no doubt New Goiuoa is so weli fit'od that It will rasoup any outlay. Bat it would b 3 just as valuable in a strahgio point of view if it were a moro rook, Its acquisition is a thiog to ba oom- passed by nuy means in our power, and its prise is bat a small pzromtago ol in&nranco; upon a trado whioh is counted by hundreds of milliocs yearly, Aocordieg to Rsatsr, tbo Gorman Govern ment hs ssmmod a protectorate over a tnot of tfrritory acquired by tbo Gormau OjIodu- fog Society west of V. tozibar, on tho oast ooast ot Africa, More ocmplicatteni in tho gamo cf grab 1 From Ranter's telegrams wo team that Lord Granville tol J tho Honao of Lords last night that, In vlow of the Russian advanoe on tho Afghan, frontior, Her Majisty's'-fGovornmsut had urged tto Government cf Knsain to itsno prompt orders to their oommnudoro to halt, so as to avyid any collision with the Afghans, whom Sir Fetor Lsrosdjn had advised to re sist and (nrthor ndvAsos, His Excellency tho Gcvornor loTt Spsnosr street for )B;oohworih by special train at twenty five minutes past nine o'chok this mcrclng, His Exollcnoy was aosotnpanlod by his private secret >ry and aida-de comp, tho Attornoy-Gcu&zal; (Mr Kerfsrd), Fv«t- master General (Mr OxmpbrU), McThcrohy, M.L.C , Mr Billson, M L.A,, aud Mr I', B, Wallaa», M.L.A, His Hmor Jndgo Cope was alio in tte train. Tho special ii timed to arrivo at Broshworth at four o'olook this afternoon, Hia Exodtenoy wiil bo reooived by tho members of the Bj:ohw.»rth Shire C.ainoil and members of tho reaction oommitto. This venipg a bauquot will bo given in the Odd Fallows' HjII, To-morrow morning tho vice regal party will mnkonu excursion t: Mount Stanley, and in tho afternoon the Agricultural and Horticultural Show is to ba opooul. If time permits Hia Excolleucy w:llbo asked to visit the Atbenmum and Borko Masoam, and also formally open the waterworks, Tho psity will return to Melbourne tomorrow eight, His Excellency Sir W, F, Jarvois, tha Governor of Now Zoaland, who arrived over- tend from Sydney by tbo expross yesterday, left again for Adelaido last oveniag by tho steamer Victorian, Hie Excellency, who is accompanied by Major Kcclcs, his a!do<do- camp, purposes oouforrlng with tbo South Australian Government on tho question of Colonial defences, The work performed on tbo Flrmington training ground this morniog was gensrally un- intorosting, and the attendauoeo! t:uts and others was quite in bearing with the prooa.d- ings, Coronet, Tho Agent, Middlomsrob, Krjingpau, and a nnmbsr ol other horses par took of gentle excrctac. bat not a nalten of anv importance took plaoo, A very sorions ebarge has b;en maio by a constable stationed at a sabarban poliro ela tion sgsinst the torgeant in ohsrgo o! thQ distiiot, Sapsrintendent Sadlier wai holding an inquiry a few days ago into another obarge, whioh r?qairod tbo pvesenea ot the lergoant and constable in question, The countable was being examined by MrSAdllor, and as ho was travelling in his statements outside the ohargo under iavoitigation, the Superintendent told him that what ho had stated constituted a aorious charge, and ordered him, after due oantion to consider what bo'was saying, to send a written ctaco. Tufa the constable b&B; done, end bo charges the sergeaut with having kept incoireot bojki in connection with the duty devolviog upon tho men uuder.his charge. An inquiry will now be held. Mr J, Cosmo Nswbery, Superintendent of the Technological Muienm at the Pablio Library, is making great preparations for the Indian and Coloni&l; Exhibition, to bo held in London next year. It is intended that the Masoam abatl exhibit a full col lection to ilhutrato tho natural re sources of this colony for the mam- factors of poroslain, pottery, and earthenware, and Mr Nswbsry hopes to turn out eome simple designs, which will fully convineo manufacturers in the old world that if they comeherc they 'will find ell the materials nccss- sary for the manufaeture ready at thoir bands, All the varieties of olny, &c;,, are being enalyeod, aud ths analysis will go home with the specimens, whioh are now being prepared, The musoam, with the very limited means at its d spoeal, has ahoady produood specimens which sbo v that very go:d work oan bi turned out, aid the trustees are about to app'y to tbo Government for motive power, so that a really hsndiomo exhibit may be made, A largo round granite slab, 3ft Gin in diameter, and weighing about five hundredweight, is now bo'u-g placed in the furnace room, on which tho clays will bs ground wilh moving grmite blocks, Tie motive power propssod is a gas engine and no doubt it will be at unoo supplied by tho Govern ment, Tho weather okaoged early yesterday a'ter- naoo, the northerly winds shifting mora deol- dedly westward, and thereby bricgiog up rate, clouds, Oaly ocoisloml showers, however, have fallen around Melbourne, but the sky threatens a more steady downpour, Tho b i»- metrio depression extends over the whole of tho interior, and rain threatens in most parts of Central Australia, the wind slanting from north to west, From reports rooeivod there Is every probability of a ooctiuunuoo of unsettled weather, with moro or Iosa rain, daring the ucab umj ur bu, The following are the readings by Giant's Instruments;— Barometer, 2G.625, falliog. Heat in snn to-cay, 12 noon, 70, The highest reading ot Gannt's tbcrmutnotor in the shade, Bourko-street, yesterday, va& 83, aud the lowrst, from 9 a.m. yceksriay to 9 o.m. to-day, 50, Tho blgheet reading In tlw sun ycfiterdav was 115, At tho ordinary fortnightly meeting ol the Kew Buough Council, hsld lait ovoning, tho Mayor directed attention to the complaints Uat wfiro bsing mado by pirsons residing in tbo vicinity of the local lcck up, in rospoot ta the noire atd abominable hnguago usod by some of the occupant, If Baid that the structure was composed of wood, aud any noise that wss made by the prisonota wsn vory easily heard, Osly that day there was a Iunatio in theplase, and his largoaga war du gating to tho wbolo noigbborlicod. It was unanimously decided that » request should be madototbo Filioe department to have a new stouo ljok-ap erected, The Central Board of Hialth are oomplaln- icg t-j the Harbor Trust of tho et it j of the Sar.dridgologt.on. Tne subj-:ot has arisen from ft'prevlous oomplaint>y Mr P. S, Groat— sotlng on behalf cf lbs rtai«n;e ol l'ort M-jiboarne. Tfco lagoon la raid to be in a m-jrt insanitary and dkgusling condition, and to be a causa of treat anxiety to tho people liviag in iti neigh- borhcod. It is also stated that mauy oasoe of fever have ooourrcd, caused, in the opiclou of tbo visiting doctors, by "tbo many ur.whcla- ecmp, obnexious and dodly guess whioh risi from this bed of corruption -tho lagoon, " The Pert Melbourne local board of hoalth admit the i-xiitenco of thisuuismea, but assert that it arieos wiihin tbo area tbut is uudrtho judo, diction of the Harbor Traet, Toey theroforo coLsIderthstit i<n.t wHhlo their provisos to spocd any portion of tbo Borough funds on any works witbla that area, O-tshmsct pita inv-j been cocstrnoted to prevent offivj dnioags flowing Into tho l»go:n. At the ordinary fortnightly meeting of tho Tmst to-day, tho Ovmmfiiloner will, in all probability, recon- firm a tetter of theirs ot 14th Ootobor to tho Central Board, urgiog that tho Trust is not responsible for tbo ocmplainod of nuis- anoe A correspondent writes "I road about two weeks ago that soma amateur fishormon onught a itirgarec, whom spear wna six Indus long, Apaity of us w<re ov.t ou NowYosr's Day, and onught ouo wheso uponr wax fully lftloog, Wa woro cut agate yeatouUy, aud caught, ns I bolievo, th? largest stingnroe that was over onught, iff or.o of tho piers. Its weight was nbout 3501b, atd ittjok about cfglt mou to haul it out for us, Tho spoars were Iff. o.u and Gin. rosprcllvely." A correspcDdcnt informs us:—" An outer- tainmont <d nu extraordinary, bit moit i&tcrcitlug; and enocemfnl, ohfiraoter was glvan to tho aged peo» Ic of CLUit gword ard F»tzcoy fist ovocicg, 350 ovor GO yonts ot age, had b«tu invited, and a numbor o! wi.bwa of l-jseov age, Among thoso presett woro a uurnbir bctwocn 80 aud. 00 (two oil whom opeucil tto meeting with pratea aud prayer for tho Divine blessing), pIso ouo woman aged 00, and aaothor iu her 103:d yoar, who gavo n oloar, well-oonnootec! acd earnest addnes, bilttg at times mcvoJ to toars iu rooonuting God's lovo to her acd fill mankind in tho gilt of atornal lifo through Christ. Sho anid sho oommmcod tho fiut Sunday sohool ia Viotoria. IS.Vjral ladies eaug solos ; othors gavo short, ohosriog goBpoladdrosses during tho evening, Thorough happiness ecomod ta roigu ovor thte largo atsemblfigo (thethiit ooth annual gathoring of tho samo kind), Dr Sirgletor, who prodded tor the- sake of tho vrry ngal onos, brought it to n close by all cogngirg io praiao to God and prayer for oaoh cthrr's fotaro and eternal welfare, acd singing, white Having, the Sweet Bjc-and-bye of S&akoy;'e, tbo rofrala bsiug repeatid again and again whilst thsy were separating, many to moot no more till the mornlrg ot tbo resurrection, A largo numb ir cl families of ihe sick and tho poor, ospacUlly widows, have basn esct gifts of tso, auger, cixkts, jatxi, tto,, this morning (Wolnasda)), whiob, no dcubt, if known, will gUddmths hofiitn of thess kind filonds who aidod to liberally in this good work," With reforcnos to tbo report on tha Austra lian Co-operative Tobacco Company, published io yestcrdsy' IIkiiald, by a typographical error the word " retain" lias boon misprinted "tolorn" In tho motion put to tho previous mooting with regard Io Mr J, A, Wilson's ab.vee Tbo oontext makes it quits oridoat that tho word is s:mply n miepxint. In tofo- reuco to tho passage from tho auditors' rcpo.t, quoted in oontirmatiou of tho fact that they were under tbo ituproejinn that tho share holders had rcBolval ta allow Mr J, A, Wilson to retain his tbares at n rulaosd price, tho auditors havo rnco stated that the paragraph referrod to tho amended balance-shot t, issued previous to tho one made up to the 31st of D. comber, 1S81, Soon altar his anhnl by the R.M.S, Farra- matt yesterday, the Right Uav. De Ijioton,thQ newly appoiptod Bishop of lliveriaa, paid a lorg visit to the Fablb Library and Nxtiousl Gaiiory, acompauitd by M:r Lteton nud hU ohaptein, Hia lordship oxprsaaod hitnsolf equally surpriaod aa delight id to bco sack a mognificont library nud splendid o:lhotbn of works ol art at tbo Antipod, nud remsrkod that heooold imagino uo bettor ovidoooas of tho advancod state of civilisation ia the colonire. Dr Linton is au advooato of the liberal use of the Sanday, aud sboi no ronton why snob institution; should not bo opeasd to the public on that day, A man, whoio namo is auknown at preseot, died in the Melbourne Horpitsl last night. He was found by tbo King street polioo on tho footpath, and they thought ho was drunk, On eleb'r examiuatlon it was, however, discovered that tbo man war dying, and ho was taken to the hospital, whore no atta snortiy alter admission, A piooa of paper with the following addross written on it, was fjuad in the doessed's pockets "Mr Black, Park street, South Mel bourne," Tho following it a description of tho man and olothea : — Abjot -15 years of age, 5 it Gin bigb, modiam build, sandy b;ard all round tho face, no moastaoho, Ho was dressed io a black cloth coat, light twcod vest, dank twoed troutere, bUck soft felt hat, and olastio uido bcot«, and red woollen eoatf round his nock, An aeoidoDt happsncd this morning at aa oarly hour in Swaaaton streot, A man named Brecmn was removing a boavy oxse from tho back ot a o»rt,when the care feJ, orushingbotb bis feet io a terrible mauoer, Ha was nt onoo convoyed to Ihe Molbonrne Hospital, whoro hie h jutioB were attend :d to, A boy uatntd William Lovett, ogol 14 years, employed at Mr Jones' training atablos, at Caulfield, was thrown fioma faorao yesterday afternoon, acd sastaloed a fraotuio of tha right thigh. He wai admitted into the Alfred Hos pital, It is cot prcbvblo that tho Melbourne Har bor Trust will altsi the present paokage rate on empty Madagososr sugar mats aud pookotfi in oomplianoe with the wishes of Messrs Onm- icg, Smith anl Co., Charles Jacobs aud Sinr, Croiby and Co., Fanning, Nankivill andCj., Wa,', Sloans and Co,, and tho Yiotoiiau Sugar Co. Tho Harbor Trust have At lact determinod to supply the Port Melbourne Town Pier wi h several losg-psndteg nooesarSos, Among these are two additional lamps And soveral drinking t»ps, This Utter will bo frunito ba a special boon tj viait)rs who forme ly were at a less to quench thoir txirst white at this pier without having raoourae to an bote), A lsdy who travelled from M;!b nrae t BslUrat on Mocday lost a portmautoau, cos- tftinlog ladies' clothing valued at LlO. -S io proceeded by the s.s. Alert to Goelong, thsuoi by cab to tho railway station, and the port mavteau wss missed on hor arrival at B&llarat;, Tbo old steora tog Warhawk, boing now oon- tidored too light fo s»H-goiug purposes, w 11 io future bi used by the Melbsnrns Harbor Tra t for river work, and aUo about Sjindridge and Wllliamstown,| The wooden pavements in the city were a souroo ol somo dangor this morning. A small drizzling rain was falling, and as a conie qatneo the pavements brosme very slippery. A dray heavily laden, was oomlng dowu CcIIlns street at eleven o'clock, and wbsu it got to the corner of Swan t.n streot th borre elippod and fell, Alter ooasldorable trocb'.e it war got on to its feet agate, the only damage whiob waa dono beins to tha hivnoai. which was inju od, but vcly to a slight extent. # No Ices than 550 piles are required to com plete tho lower South Wharf and tha street pilicg authorised between the swinging ba»iu and tho eastern entases to ths Fishormen's Bend ouUing, Thsto will ba ot three lengths— GO foet, 55 feet and 40 feet respectively. When the Marquis of Normnuby oompteinsi ol tbo stinkB emanating from the pellucid Yarra, we tolievs tho Corporation took sum action to remedy tho nnisanos. But tho oare, whatever its nature, was of a very temp >rary kind. At tho pres-nt time aoy person walkiog along tho rivor bxnkbstw«eu Pinoo's Bridge and Brsnder's Ferry must needs hare a very Btrtng stomaob to beat with equanimity tho maladorons whiffs with which his nostrite are constantly assailed. A dofnuot d' g which has remained high and dry on tho bink no»r Edward«'a boatsbeds for the past throe work? contributes largely to tho atoiuo of the looriity; white fr >oq tho Corporation tip thore iaau-as a steady stench, or rather variety of Btenohof, which might well raiio the goga ol auyb dy. Somctijicg could surely be d uo to remedy a state of matto.-8 whioh not only affects tha eom fort of passengers pa-stag al jng the river bank but alio scrlonely throatetis tho publio hailth' Io tmch offul bods as this Corporation "tip1 it is that typhoid and othor fetors find thoir germs. Tho Simpson's Riad Firo Brigade have reeertly creotcd a now stetion'in Hoddte stroet coar Victoria street, and c!«wo to tbo u&w; Savings' Bank in the locality, Too bail Jiog is of brick, with osmout facing, and is fitted up with every oonvcnlonos in regard to tho pur poses for which it Is required, Tno duors ot tho main entranoa run oa rclters to alfow of their being qniokly and osslU opened, so that In tbo event ol a fiie tho reel aud hose may be rapidly run out, and there is a lido door admitting to the building, kojsto whioh have bsea plaoad In the bands of all the membsrs of the brigade, while two keys have bioo left at eaoh of the OlUIdbwoI anj xyohmend Felice SuUoo« fa tho ut-o of tho t o'ico. 0«»o port »u of the st»v tio.-a oui23fix 151.— hun be;n set ap«t ns a cl .l> rtOiu foe tlio use ol lb, llromon nud line boon nio'te furnished, Audit will bo xoga- lady Birpplteil with tbo neW'pipers of the day, periedfes's, ctj, A to cr whiob, wh?n com pleted, will b. vSOIt iu hoig'it, ii cow in osuiao of erection. It is a 00mp'AlU>. Atr.njg 80J12 vliitoro to tho Melbourne Pablio Library th.C Ihoro is not enough light rrndicg, Tluy will thsrotorsi doubthis, b gted t lrarn that, with a roeont cousignmoot of books to tho iostlt rllon, aro tho ocmpteto wciks of sovornl of thobostoovol fete. Amcng tho au'-hors roproiontod arc : Manyatt, WiiliAtu D.aa Qowells, Brett Hart?, Jodnh Glib.-tt (<«bo wrote uudor the tillo of "Timothy Tteoom'>"), Oiarlos Livoi'i Hftl»biitor,U Dul-lrldgo, M»BOIIphant,Chv, Iteadr, Mi<«S:owv',a il3 mud Warvon.Ssvotiil promiuout works on Spteitimliom hava also been reo:iv(-d. Amo.ig wo ks of n did vent kind, whioh finvo biou add d ti tho library, aro a now Dlolionory of N itionnl Bbgraphy, edited bj L alio, aid pnb'ilud this your in London, and a teatbo ou tho BtAbil ty ot ships al.o pnbll-hol thte yoir. Aihoittima fiuos5trF. U OUpp rocslvod a loiter from a frioud in America, fitrtiog that if thoro wern co oolite of BaueroU'd Hfatoiy otthoI'-cifloCjart iu tho M?lboirno Publio Library, Mr J. W. Maokio of Virginia City. Nevada, wonld bj happy to forward tho work to tho trustors, Mr Qbpp plaoed hlmsolf in communiention with tho librarhn ot tho imtitutiop, with tha romltthat tho kind offer wss grctctullr aoant'd. Intimation ot this wan forwardidto Ms Mi'ki, nod by tho lut OfdifominuMrtil arrindtbo tldrtoan volnmoiof the work wbioh have been pubHahed. Thore nro thirty-nioo volumo.uu all, and thtsi will bo foiwnr'od rb they.bsuo from ths prsi, Mr Jainva T, Bnxtm, artlstj' oolormas, of SwanBton street, is »l>jat eroding a no v build ing in that tboroughlaro, for tbo pnrpotn ot bis basilica?, and nUo for hi phot igraphio pro- mtess end art gallortee, and a ghnco at tho plans shows that tho now oditioa will b a decided Rcquhitii n to oar Btront arohltaoturo, The building is denguod la what Is kuown ab tho frco Italian slyte, and tho arch toot bai been hsppy in pr< ducii g au elf «ot which com bines otegscos with solidity. Tjs ttruoturo, which oon»ifds n( G ntorios, and rnus up to a height ol 110 frot, with a fruutago ol 27 foot and a drpth of 102 f 4t, is onrmennted by a dome, a coajowhat uov-1 featcre. The atohi- tctt is Mr W. S. Law, '<182 Oolliai otrsst wret, nud tho bnildor, Mr 0. II. Martin, Tha building is to oost JL0500, and it is oxpsotod that it will bo completed in feur or flvo mouihs from tho ptosont time, There ore low nt/oog-r pab'odb among thoBQ Eogliebujou who havo tnified thcmsalvra trjm obeour.t) to ipulence than tbo deaira to biivr arms, Uoe of the very firrt things that ths rotired dr) suiter or cbeesetnougor dojs, f.'hso ho bos settled upon a littl placoiu tha country, Is to apply to the Heralds' C.-llrgo for Aooat-of arms, and tbero is no tax he pa>s half ai ohocr- fully as that for ths right of diipUylug nrmorlal b (flogs on tho panels of his oorriagoi Snob au ambition is by no means uncommon in Australia, iteraoorctte fis we are wm t to oall oursslvo; but ab thore is no brauoh of the oollsgo of heralds bore ; folks who waat to entry arms muet seok o? invant them tor themselvet, aod they da not seem to bs at ell psrtiouUr about tbo method of doiig cither, Ttnra was a prosecution iu ths D'striot. Court yoitard.ty, when a man wai fioi-d L20 for mutlfatiog a herald book at the Publio Library ; and now it appears tl at tbo praollse of oottiog costs from the book in question, "Fair- barn's Ureite," was a vary common one Scrncdy a page is cmpteto, and tho valuable work is now absolutely ob-Icbo, Saob pitiful pilfering sefmn extremfly iuocuiietanfe with ths ««»«» »« wm vmm uvimuiu of uluvio, wuiuil w(m originally mod to denote ohivalry and honor, M- G«otg(- Sjduey Wboefer, wiuo and spirit merchant, who o r.ffirs woro investigated in tbo Insolvency (Hurt tu-day, oommouosd besiuees throe years ago according to his own admieslon without oxpitnl, a ;d had to borrow L250 to stAit. At the oud of threo yoirs ho foend himself in d-.b) to tho amoaut o! L1G52, with a difioionoy of coinowhsro ubout L12C0. Ho accounted for his poaitlon bj bad d.bti, oxorbitnnt iutnrsst on money and siobnesi, Qjo tionul ebout his borrowing traosactrous ho explained that it was Io the Jews th.t ho had to pay the h'gh iutorea AmonntiDg from 50 to 100 per cent. Ho hud o-uupoandod with thsto mcnsy Undere, who Bigaed a refeaio la con sideration of a payment of 7s Gi in the £, b it had inolcded ttasc gentlomeo In this aoirodol. He stated that be had boeU In the habit of b t- iog cn horie racos. At tho oloao of tho xiimu&tioo; ho wai ordered to file an aaoonnt of his receipts and payments, Ho asked for An allowance ho hud nothing to live on, bat tho Jodgo referrod him to tbo assigaos, Informiog him that the Oourt hod no pewerto allow him anything. The Grown prosecutor atked Jadg Qniahn in the General Seesiona to-day to postpone ths orb? of Dantel Winter aid Sa ah B.-uwa, who are cbatg-d with larouy, uaiil tho n.-xt sit tings of tho oourt. He said that a tedy who is a inatrrtel witness in the case was abrcot iu Now ZiaUcd, and wab co) expictcd bn:k (or 10 days, Mr M'Dsrmott, whonppearod for tha prisoacrs, boid that thrco ohargos had beoa biooght against Wiotes prcvicuily, whioh all broko down, ntdaiit wai net thought that the prisoner oould staid the etrain ol anoUr trial the hearing cf tho fourth obarge was post poa od. Ho thiughi, bowaver, tbut beforo tho picecnt Bppliostion wa- gM&toJ; the ocuit should be ratisfied that tho lady referred to was r«&liy; aneatsrcry wilms?, After toxo fnrthor dis- ensionfrem whiob it appeared that tho lady hid bseu both boand over and eubpamae ' to Ap pear, his Honor said that If tha O.ovn Pfotecutor wan not raedy to proosed ha had no optiou but to postponothe trial until ths uoxt (oui t day, whioh he aooordingly did. There were nino oases disposed of at tho DUtriot Oourt this morning none of which were of any publio tLt rest. Upon several ccoasians, white at tho F;tzoy and Oollingwfod Oonrts, bis Worship Mr Alley, P.M., announced from ths Baooh that indlvidnnlly he would be always ready and willing to afford auy faqil.ty for apps»liog frcm his dcoieioas, as it was hts opiaioo, " Thbt every person cuht to h»ve tho right ol sppfal." At thu 0. Iiiugwood Oourt yostordiy tholtoecsee of apubliohouui was oonvlotcd o! Sundav t'Odiucr. and was ffnrr! T,r>. it tivo- guineas or five p;o>ds ono shiiiing, your Worship," said Mr Lyons, who dotendod the osse. To this M? Alley promptly replied, "Yes, individually I am alv.iys tccdy tioorop'y with «ajh a ceqaes). II wo do our daty it is no'.hiog to ub il a Supremo Oourt reverse our d-ois'oa cithor upon the miritaor up.n teibnioil grouods." Nosoioer bad his Worship said thess wotd< than two of the honorary jaetioos ieared towards tbo chair man, and the third stood up and advanced towards the obair. A very animated con versation then took p'aoo, during which M: Alley could bi heard raying "Well, you hoow« it is only fair," and " If ve do not it will bs said — " Tho hoasrniy jusMocs appoared to b i uuroaionable, and at last Mr Alley acnounoed thadeoUlou as foil) we: " If we alio; our do cisicn wo mus make the flue six pouads.'1 Mr Lycos: "In that oase, your Worship, wc will do with the flvo pounds," Qjits a sousation was oausodat thoICtw Court this morulng, in coEsoqnenco of a young irfto named Alfnd Gandmin, who was under arrest for asvault, gclrg i.ff into a fit, Ho fall on to the fl.-or ia coavnliions moaning and screaming attuo top ol hfs'votao.and the greatest confusion prevailed until ho was biroe from tho viololty of tho osnit Tno ohargsa perforzod i RRioft him woro of rssault upca hit fatee' and using obsorno la&guage;, Ou roturuteg to tbeconrt the polios thiught it proforabla t chargj (be pricouor with b dog a luaatio not uidtr proper care and oontrol, Dr WuUh rfated that he had tesu attending prisoner for lotno oonsidorablo t mi, and found that ho wa net always responiiUu fer hit oarlous oonduot. He was subject to oiiiteptlo nttsoks, and otter them bo was not able to oon trol bliLS'lf. Witness HUggoitod that prisoner should ba cent to tbe tail on pro bation. He should oorlalnly bs kept nuder omo control, Dr Rdpb gave oorroboratlve ovldicoc, Tho father gave evidinco that on yeiterday morning ptiiouer was in ono ot his silly attacks, and suddauly sot oa to witness oauht blm by tho throaL thro Jdnoa to the tsrou&d;, and vroutu uavq wuu«u uim qau ic co. othor son?, Prisoner tuxt picked up a wAsh-b.ifiln and thrnw It at bin head, Ho had sovoral timoi nnBnnUcd his mother, nud wm nnfit to bo at'nrgo, ospooially hi tho ooinptny ol children. Prlaonur was committed to tho Kow Asylum, Th; Fvolflcrny polios havo di oovorcd nn owner for tha property f>nrd ou Muidayio tho p'.siesalon of Juho Ryau, nu old man, remanded till tho 9«h in- 1, lor e-il.ctiug au outxADoo loto .'Ah Ling's hut, at Ytirravilte- Last night It was idontiii d by Mrs Jsrbort, ol Wingfiold streot, tho wito ol a bteoksmiih co- eidiug qIjbq tj tho Rmian Oathclio Chapel. Ou Sunday bUo woro tho grcator portion of tho jiivcllory, whioh, on retiring, iho laid oa the ohott of drawors, Oa Monday, biing bnslly engogod in washing, sbo did not tnte" tin nrtioloo until she went to put on tho " Mizpnh " riug, Uor oimtomation oan b: bettor imfigiuod tluu duaotibod on booomiug nwfito that aolonn swoep had biou mnila of tho whole. Mm Jcrbcrt f nolo euro Ryan go thrcugh ths bddrocm window, A transfer ot the lioons) of tho Town Hall Clnb Hotel wni granted by tho Riohmuud llouch this morniug from Nellio ityan to lliobaid Punch. Over forty Richmond resident wore pro ceeded against at tho comt this morning, for not eoudii g Ibeir ohildrnn tj sohoal a requisite numbsr ol days in tho quarter, Fiuos varying from 5j oach woro Imposed, At tho K'ohroond Pulloo Oourt to d ly, a young lad nnmod John LaDgtends, plcadod guilty to having broken into tho Horttonltaral Sooiety' Grouuds, and damngod tho troos, Tbo mothor of tho lad appeared on his bobalf, and tho polioo stated that ths bay was one of five, tho othcrj having esoapsd, After repri manding the Ud, tho B.moh disohsrgrd him, 10s costs to bo paid hy his father, A pooulisvly mixed np earo was hcaid at tho Riohmond Court this morning, when Jarnoi Smith and William Collies woro obargod with insulting bjhavlor ia a publio pteoo on tho filled Ftb, From tho ovidonco ot Mr Simcoo, tailor, it uppoarod that Smith had Collins down and wis kicking him in a brutal manner. Smith's vsrtlon was that ho was a new arrival la ths place, and hAd b:on troubled with larrikins Oa Ihe date in question, somo mou had insult ing Ms wifo and Bister-in-lnw aud ho sappoBod ho bod taken his rovongo when he got the op' portunity, Tho other doter.d rot stated that Smith was drm-k, and he ha-1 taken him home, Tbb Bench ditoh&rged; both, A young wonnu uamod CoailU Howe wai preset td at the Richmond P-.-lico Oourt this morning on a ohargo of altempitag to commit eaioldo by jnmpirg into tbo Yarra on 22M February, Alf Atkins, who nraktcd to rosono tho woman, stated that hor husband cimo up and wanted to know why sho bad not fioUbod tho Job, and would havo etruok hrr had olhors not been present, Defendant paid sho knov nothing of therocairons?, Her husband ha J been out of work, and thoy w.-roanablo to pay thoir way. Il-r husband and mother-lu- Inw wero constantly " goiug on " at hor, nad eho eupposod that had canscd it, Ho hfid now got woik, and nhe thought tfaoy oould get filong togothor, Tco Bjnoh disobargod acoused. An unhappy eteto of tb ngi existing batwoen a newly-marriod oouplo was disclrscd At tbo Riebmoed Oourt to-day, when Mary Mill? sued Thomea Milter, her huibrnd, for maia- lenatce, The wifo steted that tboy had bsan married in Soptember last, and throo wooks Afterwards sho had to leave tho boose And live with her mtthor, as hor husband, who wfs a hattor, nud able to osrn from L3 to Li a wotk, spent his money in drink, and was in faot np for riotoni behavior btfero the honoymoon was ovor, Milter lived threo months with Ids wife's parents, ana not oniy ata not pay his wifo any thing, but did not give aoy thing for bis board. Latterly he had b;on living in lodgings by him self, Rnd working At OoHingsrood, His oaly plea was that his wifo wanted him to live with her moiher, and be wonld not do it. An order was made lor LI per weok, oosts to bo paid, Ovor a thousand obildron oonnactod with tho Kynoton Sunday S:hods Union onme to Milbcurno, accoropnuiod by thoir toaohorsj by two Hpeotel trains this morning, for tbo yurpese o! holding thoir annual plo-nio At Mordialloo. Oa arrival at tha Speaoer stroet tation tbe obildren woro placod in prsition f-,ur deep, aud wore marobed la thit ordsr down Spincer street and up Flinders stroet to tbe Prico:,' Brtdgs station, where Sspootel trains were ready to oonvey tbom o thoir destination. At tha time of thoir doputoro the weather was not all favorable for out-door rccre&tiQn;, Ths Anglo-Austaalian la London wiltos — Ointidorable interest has bien oxoitjd ia trio- graphic oiroloa hero by tho announcement that (reposal havo been mad to the Hawaiian Govornmont by an Australian s judicata to lay an ocean oablo from Brisbane to San Franoieoo, I used hardly say that no one donbled that the Hawaiian Government woald ooniout, and now wo wait tbe praotioal ouloome, I have no hesitation iniay iog that oboaper tolegiapby to tho Antipodes is a groat acd prosalng want of tho times, commercial and eoaiaf, espscially tfeo latter, I havo of Jaio hid oosarloa pc.rtocnlly to rogrot tho oxoaedvo coot of com- municating with Australia by cable, Tnis was in connootion with sundry d«.Uila rogavding ihodivialoo of & email property to certain persons in Viotoria and New S;uth Wale?. The timo required to oorrespon 1 Is still Incon- veniontly gnat, and tbo benefit of a cheap ocean telegraphy would have hem very groat, lam quite euro that it wonld bo fonnd muoh mora remnnorativeto tho companies to roduoo thoir rates than to maintain tho oxisting high faiiffe. The "AuitrallanMall" itatee that " the keen. oompitUion for tbo Anttrolten water pips, oontra.ts has rciultfd in tho Molbsnrno oon® tract being takon np by a firm in Scotland, and Iho Adelaide oontraot for 12,000 tens by a firm in Middletbor.ugb, Tho order of tbe Melbenrno Water Corporation is 9000 tons, and tho Iron for that oontriot has been ordered from Moisrs Baird and Go., Gartahorrio, The Sidney oontraot for 20,000 tons of pipes, whloh came to Sootland, is boiog pushed forward rapidly, aud is oxpeoted to ba finished by tho end of this ycav; white tbe Melbiurne con tract will inn on till the doss of 1836," "Tiutb" remarks that Mr F.-oudo's precipi tate departure for AnstralU has saved him from what night have proved an ombarrassing controversy respecting osrtain strtomanti in the oonoludiog volumes of tho "Lite ol Oatl)le," I fcoir that it ii the intention of Oarlylo'e niecp, Mrs Aitken, of Dumfries, to publish a " Life" ou hor own aooouut, in whloh many of what eho considers to b j Mr Frond >'a blunders and orroneons impressions will bo oorrected, The cartoon in "Vanity Fait" for 24th January is audotlinsd " A Bquatter," and' in it wo recoguiss a ropresontatioa of Sir Bamuil WHsod This is what "Vanity Fair" says of tho Australian knight " Tho son ol an An- trim farmor, Sir Samuel Witson was born two- and-fiity years ao. Ho Btartsd himself in Ufo by becoming a linen manufaotarer in tho North of Ireland; bat at the aye of twenty hi went ont to Melbourne to join his brothers oa tbsirshocp rnnr. First bo went to tho gold fi.Id'j then be bsoamo a ehoop farmor; and subsequently he eold his proporty in Ireland and brcsmo a squatter, In this oalllng he proved eminently suootfeofal, and has amassed a very largo fortnne. Ho has faken oonBidoiablo i&tsroBt; In tho iutroducticn ol oslmon, goata and o-triohca into Australis. Ho has twice bsen eloeted to the Legislative Avssmbly ot Vlotoris, and has bad to roifet offers of a sect iutho Oofonial MioUtry. Eleven joare ago bs gavo £30.000 for tho orrctlon of tbo Wifeon Hall in Molbourn? acd tho next year ba was knighted by tbo Qaem for life services to tbo Empire, A few years ago bo returned to Euglsnd, and |be has Binoa lived io London and at Haghondon Manor, 'which ho bought on L ird Baaconsfi jld's death, Ha Is now a eandid its for Buokingham- shire, Ha is very, very riob, and on ooossioas very frso with his monoy ; and ho is boginuing to bi known in Lindon," The "aplritbt." arc still "oarylng on tho samo old gaxo" In London. Thfsis what we read in "Iinth" of two worthies who made a descent on Me b mine some time sinoe:— "Two frls&de; ot Blade— ths slate writing rogno and vagabond— wrilQ to > pwpnn to prot-et ! my sayug that tbl« worthy man aok- nowkdgod his ImpoolurtH In Oinada, jj/ friend says that I havo ooufonuded BUda » a a mnu who, a samiug tho sum unm<»f w' | nbont tmitatlrg thr pa -no phcnuheno, aim, dotootcd iu U< nwimllo, Tho av rays that Sisdo " wis iotteddu!! by rough uscgo end throats iuto aigntnff paper in Oanadn, rofcnlog only toa pBtllgJi.1 ocooslon thcro, when ho wan frluutlfosa nil' holplors, On gotllr/g oorois tho froutior J irmuuliately ropudifitcd tho onnfeHiion,' would suggest to those to epirilnulliis tbit with tho atd of a ghost, they should nmnjl to dircovcr wbotlicr Slalo was In OAnadan not, bjforo oontrndlotlng, not ouly mc y!l each othor. Even araorg spbitaaliats, q tol cannot bo himself Mid at tha smnn timo ajui ono who Ie asanining tbo sanio na«»fe In tho meantime, although ths mailfeatg mongors take very good oaro not to submit thole phonomoua to tho test of nu iutlopoQJ jury tldlUd iu tho muJui oporaudi ol eoil Jorern, the phonomena liiaroncna in thiU Btnrtling chnrnotor ovory day, In "Iileht' o! this week, Mr Foratar voucbaafos tho lafw, mation ttat throo largo vulumos tbrongh tlio olosod and btrrlaadod doors olb|. bookaiso. Ho ciferod Professor ,Tfcdoll .100 guiucaa to oxplaiu this BoionlifioiUy, nmjJJ tho Piofcsnor not roplylng, ho offorcd doulik tbo earn to Professor Ilaxloy, who, with th» Bams dieiORnrd of monoy, alto mndo oo roply." Iu tbcoo ooloulos wo a;o RcouBlomod to tVnV that tho AueitrAliau doroestio sorvait U ths Iczitst, most ludcpomlent ninny in tho world nud that in thia rotpcct Eagland is n perfect parrd H?. It herdly scotas oo from what wi read. For iuetasop, Lidy Oathorino Mllum. Gaskoll's friends do not ssom to bj luppy 9 their donuBtio», to judge from tome of thi " expertenooii " whioh sho narrates in " J", 3Bgl man's MeRnzlco." Ilcro aro n fev of tho reasons givm by eorvants for loavfeg, "I havo co fault to fud agniost yon or f,o <j G a honeomald said to a friond of ralru a short klrao ogo, "but I want a ohargo atd I don't liko II — shiro soonory or air," Aaolhti friend h&d; a footman who leit hor, 1 IncftaijS ho said, "ho could co longer Bluy, as bs regfottod to find that his employer <! d not kicp tho oompany bo bad bona Booust-m) to." A toollery mn:d tbht bad boon 0Pf»i4 for roe brgged to teavv, ns oho declined o Uks any orders from mr, docluriog that she oosU only tako orders from lbs perron who ongsged her. A footman, in tho omplojttieut tl onoofmy friends, allowod a groat quantity otbh mnttsr'fl greenhoueo glas) to bo brokoit duiloj; n Btorm, "beoauto," ho said, "it was uot hii plaoe to cioso the wit clws, aod that ha wasa't eognged tote- llthoroidul muo hia buahieB),1 "Juliet' a'so wrifen to tho " (ioon" a pltcotu account of tho exfeav.gxnoo of her soivaut'i- indeed, sho eepmo, although living in th country, to bo In tho powor of somo such domestics as aro deeoribid in Miss BrcuMoo'i "Hostages to Forlunti" The cook tdhoj that tho (four) torvnuts mu.t havo bacon caj eggs or meat for brcekfa?! ; lunch nt cloven, with beer, cheese, and brefid nnd baltor.or aiy romninBoftho dioing- room b.-cakfait ; a pad. diog or tart overy day at dicuor ; jam or osfr at ten ; and a moat, vigolnblp, and cheoao sop, per at bight. Wo bavo received from Mr A. J. Sm'tt "Common Blnudora in Writing and 3p<ak- fug." AHottrics for tbo St.PAfrick's Day spuh nretodoso cn tho 9th Marob. Tcg b.ojo!| ram is for amateurs only. Wo havo been requested to xnoation that 111 Mr Tathnm doalt with by tba Oivil Savvies Oommia.-ion rooeotly ie notoonnected with tbe Fed Oflioo dopartroent, A orioktt mnton, E.M.O 0. v 1G D.mdonoof 0.0. will bo played at Jolimont to morrow, Dth, at 11 o.m, Tho following will rourcscnl thoE.M.0,0, Roes, Boylo, J, W. Mue'o, L'chy, Kow, Musgrovo, Donn, M'Sheue, J, MTlnrsitb, Nash, Hifgius, 