" SELECT POETRY. THE EDITOE. . THE editor who wills to please Must humbly crawl upon hia knees, : • And bl» the hands that beat him; Or 1f be dare attempt to walk, • Must toe the mark that others chalk, And cringe to all that meet him. flays one, your subjects are too grave- Too much moraltity you have— Too maoh about religion; Give me some witch or wizard tales, With slipshod ghosts with Ens and scales, Ot feathers like a pigeon. X love^to read, another cries, ' Those'monstrous fashionable lies— In other words those novels, Composod of klngB and queens and lordB, " Ot border wart and Gothic hordes, That used to live in hoveis. Mo—no, cries one, we've had enough Ol such confounded love-sick stuff To craza the fair creation ; Give us some recent foreign news, Of Russians, Turks—Greeks and Jews Or any othor nation. The man of drilled scholastic lore Would like to see a little more Iu aoraps of Greek and Latin; The merchants rather have the price Of Southern Indigo and rice, Or India silk or satin. Another cries I wnnt more fun A witty anecdote or pun, A rebus or a riddle ; Rome long for missionary news, And some—of wor»dly, carnal views- Would rather hear a fiddle. The critic, too, of classic skill, MuBt dip in gall his gander quill, And acrawi agiinst the paper ; Of all the literary fools, Bred in our colleges and schools, Another cries, I want to see A jumbled up variety— Variety iu all things ; A miscellaneous hodge-podge print Oompoied—I only Rive the hint— Of multifarious small things. I want tome marriage news, says Mi>», It constitutes my highest bliss, To hear of weddings plenty; For in a time of general rain, Kone suffer from drought, 'tis plain, At least not one in twenty. I want to hear of deaths, Bays one, Of people totally outdone, By loases, fire, or fever; Another answers, full as wise, I'd rather have the fall end rise, Of bacon, skins, and leather. dome signify a fecret wish For now and then a savory dish Of politics to fiit them ; But here we reet at perfect ease, For should they swear the moon was cheese We never would dispute them. Or grave, or humorous, w ild or tame, Lolty ur low , 'tis all tbp same, Too haughty or too humble; And every editorial wight Has nought to do but what Is right, And let the grumbler grumble. 