WoveUst. DAN LYONS' DOOM. By WAIF WANDER. CHAPTER III.— (Continued.) ' But there was that in tho woman's face, and especially in her dark, deep sot eyes, that was a warning to a oloser observer. It was a hard face, a cruel face, an ebstinato face, an utterly untrustworthy faco. If ? over iffnnrnnnn and nreiudicc. and a total want of moral ' consciousness were stamped upon features they wero stamped in tho coun tenance of Mrs. Brady. Each of tho threo children that seated themselves at tho table round her on tho occasion of which I write had some reserablonco to tho mother; but the unscrupulous cunning of Cornelius, the ani mal vanity of Nora, and tho ungovernable passions that gleamed in the eyeB of Father James wero all doubled and intensified in tho old woman's faco. As the man we call Father James seated himself opposite to whore sho stood sho leaned on both hands A3 she rested thepi on the tablo and bent over it toward his bowed face, as she muttered angrily between hor set teeth : ' So it's on you again ? Oh, blood of tho elever Bradys, of Clogher, turned to water, tho night is comin' on an' it's freezin' yo aro 1 ' Tho bitter scorn of tho tones was felt keenly by the man to whom they were addressed, and a glance was flashed from his awful eyes into tho woman's that was terrible to meet. ' By ? ' ho cried, if you weren't my mothor you would haunt me too, for I'd kill you I And as it is you'd better be warned, for you may go too far some day, and my lifo is of littlo worth. \- Sho started back as his clenched fist was Btruok so violently on tho tablo'that the dishes Were disturbed, bnt at a warning movement from Cornelius her mood seemed to instantly change, and she laughed harshly. ' ! ' One oan't say a word to you at all, Jamos, tnese timos, sue said ; can t you take a joke _. from your mother ? ' Joke 1' he repeated, as ho Btond up and 'dashed his chair back from the table. 'Am I a' ohild again that you think to twist me ' round your finger! Joke! who in their senses would joke with blood on their hands and the hangman's rope round their necks ? ' and he slammed the door of an adjoining room behind him, leaving his supper un touched on the table. Mrs. Brady's faco grow whito as chalk, and Bhe fell into a ohair, staring at Cornelius with her terrified dark eyes. 'What has come over him at all, Conn,' she cried; 'he's not tho same man since we come here. Oh, my God, do you think ho'll go baok on ns after all ? ' and sho rooked her jaelf to and fro despairingly. ' ' ' To tell you the truth, mother, I'm getting afraid,' replied Cornelius, as ho attacked hia food with an appetite. 'I hope that the black coat isn't putting ideas of religion and repentance in his head.' ' If I thought so I'd tear it off his baok I A son of mine turn whito livered ? A man with my blood in him turn back from the re .-^.-Senge I swore him to on the orosB ? If I ' thought so, his mothor, and I'd knifohim with my own hands.' Sho looked as if she would. She seemed quite capable of any deed as sho rose and ' shook her right hand out clenched against .the air around her. As her .long fingers i gripped eaoh other, then so they would doubt s-Tees have gripped an enemy's throat had it been within reach when tho hot blood was boiling in her veinB — tho same blood, as she had truly said, that had mado Father James , a haunted man. AntyNora.ate her food hastily, and soarcoly V hearing a word that wob passing round her j for sho was used to her mother's temper, ? ( though sho was not in her secrets, and never \- _ troubled her head as to what aroused it. At .' the present sho was too much occupied about tho admirer her brother had given her in his . . idle ohaff, and calculating tho effect of a dress p1 sho intendod to don on the morrow with the I Bole hope of exhibiting herself in it to tho un i . eopsoious Irishman. „ , As for Mrs. Brady, she had forgotten the presence of her youngest until it' was recalled '„ t.. to . her by a motion of CorrioliuB as he spoke in a low voice. ? xuu lurget, mower, inoc someooay IB r ^^liero.' ' .1 ^.?'s'«»!'Oh Nora? Sho never hears anything ...... that doos'nt concern her own self, or sees any thing, God help her, but her own handsome laeo in the* glass. : Nora 1 Nora, I say. I ' ' What ? returned Nora, with a start on , ? = her return from tlie realms of fanoy. i * ' What wor you thinking of ? ' ? Tady Connor,' promptly replied tho girl; and Cornelius roso from the table with a loud t. , laugh that'made the angry blood ruBh into his sistor's face. . OHAPfcER IV. ' j XUiS x-uxvi-uwiii'-l'isijljisu Ui' JUOUKX ltUUAN. The hut is high up on a'spur of Great Mount ? ? ?: Rohan in a ' sheltered spot nearly hidden by ? - trees and big brown rooks, half . oovered with green moss, and grey lichen ; it .was built of heavy timber Blabs, ' arid covered by sheets of box bark, both of which showed the weather worn hue of many years. \--- __'From the front of this hut on the side of the mount ono of the grandest views around '? Mairanga was discernable, and if it had been built' for the plirpose of espionage, no situ -ation could have been better chosen. ? The townBlnp lay under tho oyo hko a green map, dotted with littlo whito oubes that represented I dwellings, aud right across tho long lino of tho gleaming crook, past St. Hcrriclts, and up tho slopo. whoro tho lono cemetery lay, not a human being could movo without being traced from Nan Griffith's hut. . The very gully whoro lay tho long-deserted olaims was opon to tho viow from that hill homo ; and as far os tho oyo could roach — far across tho plains bounded by tho low, purple-blue hills, ono could follow tho traok along which tho coach passed onco a day ; in Bhort, tho oyrie of an eaglo was nover built in a moro commanding and yet retired spot. Two or threo days after that on which my Btory opens, Nan Griffiths was sitting on a block of wood outside tho door of tho hut, and under tho heavy shadow of a spreading treo that bent its orooked bronchos ovor her tin conny-looking figure. Sho was a vory old woman, with whito hair hanging loosely over her shoulders, and a long cloak that covered hor oven down to hor feot ; to this cloak thoro was a hood that could bo drawn at will over her head, nnd holes, through ono of which a skinny hand was passed to grasp' a crutched stick. Tlie old oreaturo was tooth less, and her skin was shrivelled up on her faco like sun-tanned loather ; but tho keen dark eyes that sparkled under tho long whito hairs of hor eyebrows were apparently as Borviceablo as when she was 20 years younger. Sho was muttering and mumbling to her self in a dissatisfied way that mado her sharp nose and chin ruoot in a manner that gave her some resomblonco to a bird of prey, whon Bho saw a woman climbing up the traok among tho trees leading toward tho hut. It wus a tall, pale-faced woman of about thirty fivo, with'' dark hair and eyes, and a woary, helpless look in hor face that would havo won tho sympathy of a stranger, but did not seem to be noticed by Nan; who was her mother. ' What a time you've boen I Faugh tho women thoro iB in these days 1' 'I was an quick as I could bo,' Ellon Griffiths returned, as she seated horsolf wearily near the hag, ' and I'm as tired as death.' \- 'Death is never tired, you fool, and. you always aro,' Nan growled; 'and now you' sit there staring before you 'without tolling me a word ; did you seo the ohild.' ' Yes, but I had a rare hunt for him.' ; ! 1 Wliero was he ?'.//' ? 'Up ;in the; .oemetoiy at tho Colonel's grave.' ' By himself ?' ' No, ho wob with Besignation St. Herrick.' Tho reply Eeomed to stun tho old hag with surprise. With Besignation St. Herrick 1 With her of all the children in tho world 1' and then a harsh, cackling laugh burst from Nan's lips, as she clapped hor hands joyfully. 'It would bo grand,' she soreeohod; 'I wish I'd thought of it afore ; but there's time enough. I'll make a policeman— a trap of him.' 'A policeman 1 of who ? ' ' Of Dan I would it not bo grand if he wero to trap Colonel St. Herrick's murderer I ' Ellen looked at her mother with a stony horror, but Bho said nothing, though tho hag went on as though sho had. ' Oh it's awful isn't it 1 your mother is a hard-hearted, oruel old woman, that would hunt to death tho man you loved. Faugh I you white-livered worm, that would turn and lick the hand that struck you ; are you a child of mine at all ? ' Ellen was used to such talk, and elie said nothing sove what was oppressed in tho worn to death, weary look in her poor white fiSce. ' Toll me what you heard, curse you, and don't sit there like a senseless imago driving me mad,' shouted Nan, as she seized her daughter's arm and shook her violently ; ' open your mouth and speak, fool that you are.' . 'What am I to tell about first?' ' Tho new peoplo at St. Herricks, who are they? — quick.' n„ nl,1 \- -Luuii uttuju iux-ruuy, au uiu wuiuur, twu sons, and a daughter. They've taken St. Herrioks — rented it of Mr. Pollard.' ' And is it true that they're going into the old ground again ? ' 'Yes.' The hag gave her daughter another vicious shake, and her sharp, prominent chin worked like the half of a pair of nut-crackers as she shrieked — , ' ' I'll throttle you if you don't speak out 1 what has eome over you at all fool? Have you seen a ghost— tho ghost of Colonel Herrick, eh ?,' , ' No, but I have seen a face like Dan Lyons.' At . the reply the old woman's hand fell from her daughter's arm aB she questioned anxiously. ' You don't mean that he has come back Ellen?' ' No, it was in a woman's face I saw the likeness, and then it was in tho eyes 'only. When I wbb looking for littlo Dan I went round by tho fence at St. Harriok's, and found a young girl looking over it as if watch ing for somo one ; it was tho daughter of the Brady's that havo taken tho place.' ' Well I yon spoke to her of course ? ' ' Yes, and got a good deal of news out of her, but beforo I left her mothor came out and called her angrily away. It waB in Mrs. Brady's eyes I saw Dan Lyons.' ' It was in your own eyes you saw a fool,' said tho hag scornfully. ' You think of nothing morning, noon, and night, but that double dyed murderer that left a curse on you and yours. Go on with what you were saying.' ' She's a young girl, and a. silly one, tho Brady girl ; but you'll soon seo her for your self, for I told her about you; and she's sure to pay you a viBit. Sho thinks of nothing but sweethearts, and her brother haB told her that a man is in love with her.' 'Whatman?' ' . 'Do you remember Tady Connor, mother?' ' ? ' : ' That Connor that worked in tho Gully when tho Colonel was killed ?' ' The same.' ' Something is going to happen 1' exolaimed Nan, wildly. ' No wonder I dreamed of strange things and: saw strange signs 1 Go on 1' ' Whon Mrs. Brady called the girl inside I went on toward the cemetery, and I met Connor himself on hiB way from the Gully.' 'Did he know you, Ellen ?' 'Yes, at once, and asked me if you were alive yet. He is coming to see you about some dream.' ' Aye ? he was always a soft fool, but an open-handed one, too, so he's welcome.' ' If I don't mistake, that's he ooming up the hill now, mother,' Baid the woman, as she pointed down toward a man who was steadily climbing up tho steep path. Yes, it was Tady, in truth, going, after many misgivings, to see once again the fortune-teller of Mount Roban, whom he had more than once consulted in the years gone Iiit ? fnr ,uno nr-„ of thnon nnt. nn„-mnl characters in whom aro combined deep re ligious convictions and an ignorant belief in supernatural powers and beings, and his ignorant mind was sorely exeroised on account of a strango dream he had had a few nights previous. '.How Mr. Leonard would laugh ot mo,' he was muttering to liimBelf in gasps, as the steepness of tho hill tried hiB lungs severely ; ' ho don't believe in fortuno-tellers or witches, or anything, but seein'B beliovin', an' woll.I know Nan is a witch if there was ever one in this world.' '' ' .v. When ho reached tho hut thoro was no ono [ in front of it, and tho door was shut. Ho knooked a low, respectful knock, and nearly jumped out of his skin as ho was biddon by namo to'enter. ' Cotno in, Tady Connor.' ' What am I frightened of ?' ho reasoned with himself as ho lifted tho latch and pushed opon tho door. ' Of courso Ellon has come baok and tould hor sho seen me.' Whon ho entored tho low, dim room, with the clay floor and thosmoko-blaokencd rafters, ho sow that thero was a small fire on tho hearth, but no ono bosido it, and thon ho turned at a sound that mado him shivor to see Nan Griffiths standing on the threshold of an inner door with a huge blaolc cat at her foot. It wos the cot's unearthly ' me-a-w I' that had mado Tady shudder from head to foot. ' Welcome, Tady Connor,' said the hag, as she advanced and stood bofore him, her skinny hand grasping tho stick, her low bent form still covered with tho long cloak. ' Tho seas havo rolled between us for long years, aud now thoy havo brought you back again.' ' Thoy havo, ma'am,' said Tady, as ho mado a respectful sorapo with his right foot ; and I'm glad to see they have left you look ing so hearty.' ' Timo makes no odds to mo,' sho Baid, as sho drew a seat to the table and sat down, whilo she pointed to anotlior for her visitor. ' I'll livo until a man di03, and thon my work is dono. Sit down.' Tady would havo liked to aBk her whose death was to precede hor own, but he daro'nt, and waited humbly for the hag to Bpeak again. ' You want to consult ma?' she asked, os sho put hor shrivelled faco so near to him that tho fiery little eyes so far baok in her head seemed to burn him. ' Speak out what it is whilo tho humor's on me.' ' It's a drame I had, Mrs. Griffiths — a dramo that's troublin' me intirely ; on' know in' well how knowledgeable you always wor, I Item to ax you about it.' ' All right,' sho replied, bb sho drew toward her with a Bkinny paw tho coin Tady had laid near hor on tho table. ' Skull, fetoh tho master's books.' ' Tho latter command was addressed to the' blaolc cat, who instantly entored tho inside ? chamber and almost instantly roturned with a little bag in his mouth, which ho deposited on. his mistress's lap, taking tho opportunity of 'Ilia vicinity to tho terrified Irishman to Bpit and ' wa- ow ' viciously in his faco. 'Down, Skull,' cried. Nan to tho cat as Bhe opened the'bag and drew a paclc of dirty cards from it. ' Now, Connor, tell mo your dream.' ' It's twiee now I've drained it,' ho said, turning his face away from tho cat, who still glared at him. ' I thought, do you see, that I was down in tho old shaft at work, and that with every spade I dug I turned up tho head of a man. I thought that I always expeoted a lump of gold, and saw it shinin' aB I turned the phovel, but whin it come up it was always the same man's face wid blood on it.' ' Did you know tho face ? ' asked tho hag solemnly. ' ' Yes, I did.' ' Whoso was it ? ' ' It was Dan Lyon, the murderer's, face.' ' Something is going to happen Tady Connor ! ' she said, almost repeating tho words sho had usod to her daughter. ' The dream was always the same ? ' * ' Always, ma'am.' With her jaws munching and mumbling horribly tho fortune-teller spread the cards before her, and with such a keen anxiety in her own repellant and withered faco, that it was evident she possessed some belief in the ort she practised. Unconsciously to himself, the littlo Irishman had uttered the one namo in the whole world that had power to excite her worst passions, for there are far worse passions than the reigning one of Nan Griffith's, which was cupidity. ' What man is plotting against you ? ' she asked him suddenly, as he anxiously watchod her face while she scanned tho cards. 'You have been speaking to him lately, though you have not touched his hand — who is it ? ' and she turned her eyes keenly upon Tady's face. ' I don't know, Mrs. Griffiths. I haven't spoko to a soul to-day but my young master, Mr. Jjeonara Grosser, and J. m sure he d plot nothing agin his fosterer.' 'You spoke to no ono else? — mind what you Bay, Tady Connor.' 'Be this an' be that ! ' asseverated Tody, and then he all at' once stopped, and with a gasp ejaculated almost in a' whisper, ' Sure it wouldn't be Father James I ' ' Who is Father James ? ' Nan asked sus piciously, ' and what right have you to be talking of olergymen here ? Why, the vory cat knows you have named one— look at him I ' In fact tho black oat had turned toward the terrified Tady, and with every hair on end was me-a- wing and spitting at him. ' Spake to him 1 quiten him for my sake, Mrs. Griffith's 1 sure I meant no harm, and at any rate Father James isn't a priest at all Bein' ho isn't in orthers now; he's the gentle man that has rented St. Herrick's an' |is livin' there wid his family.' A . Budden romombrance of what her daughter had said about Nora Brady made the old hag grin to herself as she ordered her familiar to retire, and she resumed the read ing of the cards Bhe had laid down. ' I can tell you nothing about your dream until you dream it once more,' she said, 'but' kanrorn nf o ,lnvl- mnn ll,of .'a uoivuia ui u uuin. mnu mat, id uyiuuo. your very life.' ' How will I find out. who he is ? ' asked Tady, anxiously. _ ' Through a girl,' replied Nan ; ' a young girl with dark hair that's in love with you.' ' With me? It's jokin' you are, ma'm.' Don't I look like a woman to joke ? ' was the angry retort. ' Thero's a girl in love with you, and you'll seo her this very day, for' she's waiting, and watching for you at this moment ; and now go, for I can tell you no more at present. When you dream tho third time come to me again.' Tady got up, and having uttered his thanks, gladly hastened out of the hut. His super stitious terrors of old Nan and her. oat, al though partly overoome by the wonderfully good news she had told him, wero yet quite sufficient to render hia escape into the pure air of the mountain a pleasant one, and he hastened down its side to be at leisure to think over his unexpected good fortune. Good fortune, indeed, and at laBt 1 I think I have told you that Tady Connor had num bered some thirty-five years, and during many lustres of those yoars it had been his hard fate to have been hopelessly over head dnd ears in lovo very many times. Tady'B heart waB soft, but those of the maidens who Boomed' hiB turned-up nose, his crooked fin gero, uuu ma ruu imii, weiu uo mviu ua iuo nether millstone. In vain had ho year after year pictured to himself some lovely inamorato transformed into a loving wife, and called Mrs. Connor. One by one his hopes had been blighted, and his person mocked or laughed at, yet hero waB a young girl with dark hair in love with him— aotually in love with his very self, without being asked or even known at all 1 Delightful thought! but there was one drawback — ho had a rival, for that was tho decision Tady came to regarding tho dark man old Nan had declared to be plotting against him, and warned him against. ' Of coorao it's some chap that sho won't look at on account of her love for me, the darlin' 1 ' ho Boliloquiaed. 'I wonthor who she is at all, at all? but, sure, I'll know soon, forl'm to see hor this very day', and poor Tady, believing in Nan Griffiths with all hia little heart, wont down tho hill rejoicing and looking all around him for a sight of tho girl who at laet had been tho ono to apprceiato tho hithorto despised littlo man. ' Maybe sho's behind somo of tho bushes or rooks wntcliin' mo tho crathur,' he murmured with a fond smilo, os ho took off hia hat and arranged his red, stiff looks. ' It's woll I put on mo now coat, though 'twas for old Nan I did it. Sho was over an always vory particu lar,' and ho squared round his funny littlo person to look at his heels, as lio gave tho od mirod bluo coat with tho brass buttonB a vigorous tug bohind to moke it hang more gracefully. Ho had to pass St. Hcrriok's on his way to tho township— doubtloss tho cunning hag ho had just left hod calculated on that fact, and also anotlior fact, tho latter being that Nora Brady was again standing at tho fenco under tho trees, watching and waiting for tho sweet heart hor brother had promised her, littlo thinking what events would follow from tho effects of his silly fun at tho expense of Nora's well-known vanity and weakness for tho op posite sex. Sho lmd seen Tndy climbing up tho hill path, and now watched hia roturn with a beating heart and a conscious smilo ou hor coarso, rosy face. St. Herrick's had, as wo know, ou interost for Connor that Nora did not guess at, and for a moment, as ho passed it, ho forgot tho for tune teller's prediction and thought of tho murdered man whom ovevyono had loved. In tho very middlo of theso sad thoughts, how ever, ho heard a Blight cough, and with a sud den roturn of his warm admiration of his un known inomoroto's tasto, ho stopped and turned in tho direction of tho 'ahem.' Had there been an observer of tho meeting between Nora and Tady ho muat certainly liavo been an amused ono. Tho girl was craning hor neck over tho fence in trying to follow with her oyea Tady's passing form, when at hor cough ho turned Buddenly and stopped, then sho drew hor big head back and giggled. Tady struck an attitude, an attitude so ludicrous and comical that nothing but the girl's exaggerated self-conceit prevented hor from observing its true naluro, but as it was Bhe saw nothing eavo unbounded admiration of hor over decorated self, and waa immensely delighted, so with tho envious fence only bo tween them Tady grinned from ear to ear, and fell awkwardly upon his knees on tho damp grass, under tho thick trees that protruded their great branches over tho dilapidated fence. ' Aro you Tady Connor ? ' simpered silly Nora, as she ecanned her lover's rather sin gular proportions lavishly displayed by his sprawl upon tho grass. ' I arn, mavourneen, I am that happy man,' cried Tody. ' What makes you so happy ?' ' Beoause at last I see the beauty an' the darlin' of the wide world here forenint mo this blessed day.' 'He-he-he 1' He-he-he wasn't much, but, with the ac companying leer from Nora's small, heavy eyes, it expressed great encouragement to poor Tady. ' Arrah, don't bo laughin' at pie asthorc ; sure, you'll brak my heart do 1' And with a good deal of gruntingj^eiy struggled to his knees, and ventured nearer to tho fence. ' I'm not laughing at you. HowS&l; you know! was here?' Nora asked, as sh--ar- ranged her ribbons nnd cheap ornam?!lfci pretty much as Tady had arranged the ta^ of his coat a little previously. ' Nan tould me agroj an' sure it was mosolf that a'most flew down the hill to come to ye,' replied Tady, but he was wondering all the timo who told the girl his name, and then deciding it was that dangerous dark man who was plotting against him, he determined to ask her at onee. 'I say, agra, who was it tould you me namo?' ' Conn did,' and as Nora went on, ho was muttering, almost audibly; ' D ? Conn, who ever he ia.' ' But who is this . Nan you are talking about? Is she you're sister ?' ' God forbid 1' and Tady crossed himself devoutly, ' arrah no, asthore, she's an ould woman that has lived up on Mount RoBan these twenty years, an' she's a fortune teller.' The latter wordB were uttered in a whisper, that necessitated Tady's monkey-like face being protruded over the fenco in dangerous proximity to that of the delighted Nora, who was, however, woman enough to affect a pru dery she was far from experiencing. ' Go away with you — it's a shame for yoii, and if mother or Conn was to see you, both of us would be killed.' ' Divil a care I care ! Who's Conn ?' asked Connor, with a scornful twist of hia ugly nose at the mention of a name he had identified as a fancied rival. ' I'd be sorry ta vex the mother ov me darlin' girl, but as for Conn — to the divil wid him, I Bay 1 Who is he, at all, at all?' ? 'Conn ismy brother, didn't you know that? I've two brothers, you know, Conn and James, Father James, thoy oall him now.' ' Oh, Lord i is Father James a brother of yours? But afther all, why Bhould we be afraid of him or any ono ? I'll keep company wid no dacent girl except for daoenoy, and sure ho could marry us if ho was agreeablo.' ' Marry us,' repeated Nora, with a. giggle again, at the idea of this^ardent wooing. ' 'Tis early in the day to be talking of marry ing when I've only aeon you a minute or two ago ; and besides, Jamea couldn't ' marry ub, for he's not in orders.' 'OS, I forgot, he tould mo so himself agra; but nover mind, whon we makes up our minds we oan aisy find a priest to tie us together for a happy life. Who's that That was someone shouting shrilly ' Nora ! Nora!' in the direotion of the house. ' 'Tia mo mother 1 I must go or.she'll kill ?mo.' ' ' ' Stop one minnit ashtoro. Whin'll I seo you agin ? Tell mo quiok now beforo you go. Sure I'll be thinkin' it months till I soo your boweheful eyes an' your darlin' faco again.' . ' I don't know, I'm ofton'here at tho fenco, and if you'll whistle I can come mostly any timo in tho ovenin'.' ' Oil, the lovely crathur I' murmured Tody, as he gripped the top rail of the fence and Btared after the quickly retreating figuro of his fat inamorata. ' Isn't Bhe tho darlin' of tho world to take a fancy to me in this way, an' not a sowl to care for me' in this wido world but Mr. Leonard ?' and tho namo re minded him that he had better not keep his young master ignorant of his whereabouts much longor, so he tore himself away and made for the township. CHAPTER V. TIIE DEAD MAN'S OOIISE. . Lono cemetery of Marranga, where tho few dead sleep for from the world they may know no moro, and where tho rustle of tho long grass over their neglected gravca ia rarely caused by a human footatep. There in the quiet nook on tho hill-side may tho bird rear her young in peace among tho spreading trees of the old Bush Land, and tho breeze whisper to dead ears unheard save by the young of the wallaby that sometimes venture to peep from among the rocks that bound its fence. To a stranger no desolation could seem greater than that .of Marranga graveyard, where a dozen graves hod sunk among tho grass to sad negleot, and over only ono had a name or a date been inscribed. And that one, on a head-etonc -jf white marble, stood out from its surrounding of flowering plants, like a sentinel who never sleeps, to guard the last resting-place of n St. Herrick. That spot alono in tho grass tangled enclosure wagjcorefully tended, and lay an oasis of blossom in a desert of desola tion. Tho black letters on the puro surface of tho hood-Btono had in some meaauro faded, but the inscription was yet plain enough to tho eyo had there been ono in tho vicinity to road it. Hut it was yet early in tho morning, and tho man who was slowly approaohing it had not as yet reached the graveyard. Indeed ho seemed in no haste, for ho toiled np the slopo as one afflicted with weakness, and when he hod reached the gate, restod long on it, gazing toward tho white sentinel tomb, Ho was a tall man with a whito haggard faoo under a slouched hat, and he wore a long, black somi clerical coat. It was the new tenant of St. Herricks, the man known as Father James. Perhaps ho did not mean to enter at all. Ho stood thero so long, and so motionleaa that he might have been as dead as that man over whom the whito atone stood, for all ap pearance of life that ho exhibited. Magpies wore stalking proudly in the grass, and greet ing the early Bun with their sweet gurgling notes. The laughing jackass, perched upon tho limb of o leafless gum treo, shrieked out a wild chorus to somo distant mato. The green paroquet iluttored and chattered among the branches, but that Btatue-liko man did not seem to seo them or hear anything until there was tho sounds of voicoa behind him, and then ho turned his head just a littlo way to see who were tho unweloome visitants to a spot ho had believed too lone to bring a Bingle human being to gazo upon hia faoo. It was fair Resignation St. Herrick who camo toward him, though he did not know it then, and beside her walked a boy of about her own age, a boy with a bold, intelligent eyc\ and a fearless mien. Close beside Resignation walked Guardian, her great dog, with his eyes closely and suspiaiously scan ning tho Btranger as the trio neared him. Resignation was attired as she had been when I first named her. A pale blue fleecy dress enveloped her slight figuro, and from under her broad drooping hat hor flossy fair hair fell in a cloud over her shoulders. In one hand Bhe carried a little basket, the other waa laid on tho dog's great head, aa the ohild noticed his uneasy movements. Tho boy's stout, healthy figure was clad in a shirt of somo light flannel material, and a pair of well-made dark trousers covered his Bturdy limbs. A straw hat shaded a pair of fino dark eyes, and a handsome brieht faco. browned by tho sun, and ruddy with health. ' Hush, Guardian, you muBt not be rude to strangers,' Resignation whispered in response to tho dog's subdued growl. ' He will not bite you, sir.' Father James mado no reply, and tho chil dren passed him to enter tho gate. The lad went on without vouchsaving the man a second glance, but Resignation paused with her soft hand on the still opon gate. ' Would you like to eome in, sir ? It i3 not private. Would you like to oome in and Beo my dear father's grave ? ' ' Your father's grave ! Why should I want to see your father's grave, child?' The words wero spoken so sharply that tho child drew back a little ; during all Resigna tion^ little lifo these wero the first words she had heard in any other tones than affection or pity, and sho fixed hor large calm eyeB upon the man in a sort of mild wonder as fcghe replied, Bfc: l beg your pardon ; I thought you were ^?gentleman who has taken the house whmpapa used to livo, and that you might liko to- p3e his grave.' ' Who\ are you, ohild ?' ho asked in trembling tuijies, as his white face seemed to yet blanch of i.-moro ghastly pallor. ' I am Resignation St. Herrick,' she answered ; ' my^ther was Colonel St. Herrick.' . ' Stoy, I will go with j^Bfeha murmered, aB she was turning away witaa disappointed look to follow her companion. Tho gentle child waited gladly until Father Jamea had passed the gate, and then she closed it behind him. He allowed her to pass him, and then followed her up the narrow pathway between the long grasses of the old graves. If she could havo known what was passing in that man's heart — if Bho could havo read his thoughts, hidden beneath that outward calm and that priestly dress, what would Resignation St. Herrick have done, or what would the poor fatherless child have said ? Ho followed hor light steps until sho stopped near a grave, where flowers grew under that white marble headstone, on which the prieat's oyea seemed fixed with Buch a stony glare that tho lad who knelt by the grave with a trowel in his hand stared at him in wonder. If the words had been red hot, and pressed against the man's naked breast, hia face could not have expressed a greater ogony of fear and pain. ? Saobed . . ! To Thk Memory ' ; - . Or Coloseii Theodore St. Heiuuck, ' Foully murdered at Marranga, June 19th, 186 — .- ' Vengeance ia Mine, I will repay, saith the Loan.' ; ) The ohild saw that his eyes were tracing the words, and waited silently and reBpeot fully until he turned his face awav. and sat weakly down on a grassy tuft with his baok to tho headstone. .. The boy looked at Father James with a suspicion that he evidently shared with tho dog, for at evory movement of tho man the animal showed hia teeth; though silently, doubtless from respect to his young mistress's former reproof, but Resignation regarded the atrangor.witli a yearning pity that her soft question explained. ' 'Did you know my dear papa, sir?' and as a reply Father James shook his bowed head. 'You have perhaps lost a dear father, too ? but not in so sad and oruel a way as I lost mine. Oh it was cruel, oruel.' ' It was worse than oruol ; it was inhuman and oowardly I' oried the lad, striking tho trowel on the grass ho was kneeling on for omphasis ; ' and if I waa a man and met him I would kill him as I would a snake.' ' Who aro you ?' asked the priest, suddenly as ho turnod his face toward the vehement speaker. ' Mo ? My name is Daniel.' 'And Daniel is my friend,' explained j Resignation eagorly. ' He has always helped mo to keen papa's crave nioo. and' when ho is a man he is going to find papa's murderer and get him punished.' She said the last words in a low, emphatio whisper, looking round her as if fearful of being overheard as in a matter'of the most seoret consequence. 'Yes, I uhall find him,' Daniel 'doolared, proudly. ' Old Nan wants to make a polioe man of mc to run the villain down ; but I shall find him without being a trap. Ho may hide himself anywhere, bat I shall find him, for it is fated that my hand shall put the rope about his neok.' ' How do you know ?' asked the white faced priest almost in a whiBper. ' Because granhy has Baid so, and Bhe is a reader of the stars— they cannot lie, you know, and besides I feel that I shall know Dan Lyons by instinot if over the villain comes near me.' 'Was Dan Lyons tho name of the man who— and ho nodded toward the head; stone, though ho did not turn his oyes jto wa;3it ' Yes, didn't you know ?' Resignation asked wondoringly. ' Ho was poor papa's mato in tho olaim, you know. It doesn't tell about it thero ' — and sho pointed to the stone — ' but mama haa told mo all about it over and over again. Dan Lyons buried my dear father alive — papa wrote about it in his noto book while ho was dying, and moma has the note book yet. Just fanoy what it must havo been to bo crushed down in tho dark ground alive, but smothoring, and thinking of mama cnl me all the time ! Oh, poor papa I But I would rather havo been him, oven then, than the wicked man that killed him, for ho was going to heaven, but the murderer can never, never go there.' ' Aro you sure of that ? ' How eagerly the question wa3 asked ! with what trembling lips and craving eyes I ' Of course he can't I ' cried Daniel ; ' he muat go among the devils, for he was one of them ! he was no man ! didn't he bury the Colonel alivo and stand looking at him and taunting him whilo ho waa dying ? ' Only a devil oould do that 1 ' ? 'Maybe, Daniel, if he was truly penitent,' [ Resignation said doubtfully ; ' if he is sorry and asks God for Chriat's sake, He may for give him after a great while.' ' Nover I all tho sorrow in tho world wouldn't undo hia Bin or make a dead man live again 1 Besides, if ho was sorry he would havo stood out before tho world and oonfessed his crime 1.' From one to tho other of the childrens' faces Father James gazed eagerly. What oould ho bo looking for? In Dan's eyeajie saw only a fiorco anxiety for justice on the murderer, in Resignation's a pitiful doubt, as her knowledgo of God's meroy was contend ing with her righteous abhorrence of tho man whose crime had made her fatherless. ' It was oruel,' she repeated, as she patted the mould around some plant on the grave beside whioh she now knelt softly, ' and if it was not my poor papa he had killed, I might be sorry for that bad man, but it is hardly natural for me to be sorry for him.' ' Sorry for him ? I wiah I was old enough and— and I'd ? ' ' Vengeance ia mine,' repeated Resigna tion from tho stone ; ' mama says that as surely as God's sun shinoB in the sky God's vengeanco will overtake Dan Lyons, tho mur derer.',' Still from one young faca to another the man looked voicelesaly, the children now fonrlinrr fVin flnTOorfl nn fhfi rrrfivp n.rtr1 nnf rn. lLUU1'o UU'Cla ULl ULIa UUU iiuw iu garding him, but each engaged with their own thoughts. At last the man shuddered from head to foot as though a fit had shaken him with its last throb, and he spoke to the boy. ' Did you say your name was Dan ? ' ' Yes, I wish it wasn't 1 why did they oall me the same namo as that murdering wretoh ? I won't have it 1 J' ' I never call yon Dan,' said Resignation softly ; _ ' Daniel ia a nicer name, and the Daniel in the Bible was a good man.' ' Your namo is Dan ? ' persisted the stranger; 'Dan what?' 'My name is Daniel Griffiths if you want to know,' the boy replied defiantly, for he re sented the prieat's insisting on ' calling him Dan. ' What is your mother's name ? ' ' Ellen, Ellen Griffiths ; sho is old Nan Griffiths' daughter.' (To be continued.) 