Victorian Sporting Items. (Feoh thb Town ahd Cotjktet Jouenal.) Br Maetindale. A more wretched week, as far as the weather is concerned, than of the past seven days it would be hard to imagine. Thursday and Friday last were fair days, but on Saturday, just as the horses went out to start for the first event of the Canlneld meeting, it came on to rain, and from that up to Wednes day it was nothing but showers, with a cold, cutting wind. The effect of the wet on the training tracks at ITlemington has been most disastrous. The sand track has been a perfect quag mire. At its best it is very treacherous. The horses when they gallop on it while wet, sink in very deep. The brush harrowing only covers these up slightly, and when the horses again go, they put their feet in these holes with disastrous effect. The deaths of both Helene and Wizard -«an both be laid to this. There is not the slightest doubt in my mind bat what Helene raptured herself upon it. Wizard was cantering very slowly when he fell and broke his shoulder, which caused him to be destroyed. Not a few think that old Commotion's retirement can be put down to tbe same cause, and many others have felt the effects. The tan gallop is not appre ciated, and the cinder track is that hard that one could hardly make an impression on it with a sledge hammer. The New South Wales horses have most decidedly the best of the condition, which can be easily understood seeing the nnpropitious weather which has prevailed daring the winter. Those in work at Caulfield are better off, as the soil is of a sandy nature, and the rain has not such an effeot upon it as at Jftemington. Of all the gallops that I have witnessed at Flemington that performed by Tom Brown on Saturday morning is the best. Teddy M'Grade was up, so .that he hod a fair weight in. the saddle. Coronet was nut with him, but he was outpaced from tiie jump, and I don't think I ever saw Tom Brown move so well. Prince Imperial also went well the same' morning with Lord Wilton, bat the chestnut is a noted bad one in pri vate. The New Zealand horses have all been doing -well. Liverpool strides along in grand form, and daring the last few days has made a host of friends. Winchester also finds favor, and Thunderbolt's performance each lime when he is asked to gal lop is not amiss. Trenton, since I have seen him properly extended has pleased me very much, and most take a lot of beating in the Melbourne Cap. When going at a slow pace he does not im press favorably. Nordenfeldt never looked better, and Uralla, has come on somewhat daring the past week, and should she continue, the Hon. J. White may yet have the pleasure of winning a Derby with one of his own breeding. The Maribymong Plate candidate, Philip Augustus, who met with a . slight mishap one day last week returned to . the track on Monday, and goes along all right. Prince Imperial looks and goes in capital form, end his owner is very confident about him. Old Commotion's retirement was a great blow to backers, who have been having a rough time of it. : Had the weather proved fine, last Saturday's racing at .?Caulfield would have been most enjoyable. The conrse and its ' surroundings looked, delightful. The' paddock was heavily -coated with glass, and. the flower beds were Been to . the beet ioHT&btage.; The additions and improvements to the crand etasd yrete highly approved of , and the .press room is all that could bo wished. The attend ance flow a very good one, the best j in fact, that has ypjb assembled on a Saineas day. The railway was jtesponsiblo for the conveying of 3Bi4 pas ftngbra, \wnd, ae in addinion to those 1627 paid ?tjaio other gates. Jthsre were orer six th'ouBond Iifaplepresoct. Had ^thewn held oS these would laMoiurt 'i liay» - been oonaiderably augmented. At l^a^^aBhowere&otieU; were very heavy; and this nt^'^lidngaboat very disagreeable. Tto public, lO^flver^wdnldnoWo*^ ^ UatttM^orihe 3?©^S^ fro F«aV£iak^ ^s»6ly'^one ^ that was ia ' anything - litas son-; I cannot go into raptures over Mr. Watson's starting, and his dismissal of the field for the Maiden Stakes was far from a good one, and it will surprise me much if the 'start for the Cup is a good one. Monte Christo disappointed his admirers, and it is just possible that it was not his trne form. The time, liaJn 49sec, considering the going was very good, and the way in which the gallant son of First King and Tardly came away at the finish stamps him a good one. The Hunters' Cup was productive of an excellent contest ; the amateurs going at -the jumps in a most fearless fashion. Had Gippslander's rider nsed the least indgment he must have won easily. With a fine day, the attendance on Saturday will be a very numerous one. I doubt if ever there was sach a betting race as this Caulfield Cup before. No end of horses have beon backed, and it is a curious fact that a horse can be backed for ^20,000 and it will hardly cause him to ascend a point in the market. Almost every day there has been a fresh favorite, and each one has been backed for thousands. The day's programme will contain six events, open ins at 1.30.o'clock with a selling race of five furlongs, but the starters are so doubtful that I cannot hazard a pick. The Second Hurdle Sace follows, and to my thinking the finish will lay between Duration, Mis take, and Bavensworfh. The Nursery Handicap looks as if it would be productive of on excellent finish between Crossfire and Damocles. The race for the Caulfield Cup will be a great one, and I fully ex pect to see at the least 33 starters. What the amount of money is that has beon invested upon this race it would be hard to say. Those that please me most are Prince Imperial, Welcome Jack, Tom Brown, Despot, Lord Wilton, and Winchester. To pick one I shall go for Prince Imperial, and the rioxt best may be Welcome Jack, Dp.spot, Tom Brown, and Winchester. In the Windsor Handicap, according to weights I can see nothing that pleases me better than Rebus who, with Gst 101b on her back, should skip over the six furlongs at a very merry pace. She looks in capital form, but has so often disappointed over here that they are frightened to start her. Of the others The Ghost and Jocular look to be -well treated. Splendid entries have been received for the minor events of the V.E.C. meeting, and the breaking down of Commotion has caused many animals to be entered in the weight-for-age events that would no doubt, have not been nominated. The great puzzle here is, 'will Nordenfeldt get out with the colors up for the Derby. The owner has been interviewed, but I am afraid the interviewers did not learn much. In looking over the general entries, I find the name of Nordenfeldt in the Melbourne _Stakes, which forms the opening event of the meeting. Now this is a pretty good hint for what hfi is intended. The en tries were not made till Monday last, so that the owner was fully acquainted with Monte Christo's form. Perhaps they are relying* upon Uralla, who has come on very fast during the last week. If well I should he quite satisfied that she could win. The cool weather is all in Her favor, and if all goes well I have every belief that she can win. Winchester will be a hard nut to crack, and Thunderbolt looks well, but I ioubfc if they have the pace of the speedy daughter of Chester. Daring the past week there has been a great amount of betting performed, and I doubt if on any previous event in the colony has there been such heavy invest ments made as over the coming Caulfield Cup. .£1000 will not cause a horse to alter a point, while .£20.000 will only cause him to go up one. The strange cose, however, was Prince Imperial. No one would back him until Monday afternoon, when the ' levithian,' after a deal of talk at Mr. John Mayo, offered aud challenged him with an offer of 5000 to 150. To the surprise of the layer it was taken. The result was electric. In less than an hour the price of Prince Imperial went up to 100 to 8, and a little later on it was 10 to 1. Now, other horses were supported by their party for thousands ; still 100 to 4 and 5 -was the best offer. On Tuesday night Mr. Joe Thompson was thoroughly on the warpath, and offered 1000 to 10 about a lot of the Caulfieid Cup candidates. At this price Hilltop was backed, and 5000 to 25 was taken about Anglesey. Tho Wajrga mare Minerva was also backed at 100 to 1. The de«-th of Helene on last Thursday night was a great blow to her party and the public. She was in great form, and her chance of winning: at Caulfieid looked particularly good. Tho examination showed that she had ruptured an artery. On the Friday afternoon, while cantering, The Wizard fell and broke his shoulder. He was at once shot. TheEe two animals meeting with their death, and tho breaking down of Commotion, and others, does not speak very highly for the Flemington training track, the best of which, in wet weather, is the newly made one inside the course proper, and even that is bad. Almost all the New South Wales horses have arrived, and appear to be the best as far as condition goes. The Adelaide Derby horse, Isonomy, has not yet arrived. He is reported to be an out-and-out good one, and should take a lot of beating. Billy Farnan has again challenged Lees to box, one to win, under Quoenfiberry rules, for .£100 or .£200 a side, and has put up a deposit of .£30. The great half-mile race between Malone and O'Brien is to be run off on November C. The celebrated wre3tler, Clarence Whistler, is very dangerously ill. 