???? ???:;?'?? ?y*3?M®Tm%£ ? - ; SPORTING NOTES : i ? ; [Bt Meb'lin.j '; ?.','' ; I have to remind, owners that noinina 1 tions for the principal events at the New Year's Day meet of the Deloraine Turf Club must be in' the hands of the; secretary by eight p.m. on Saturday next.' Thet events' to' be ' attende'3 -fco ' are':— Two-year- ' old Stafces/Vpf : 30' soys'. ;v''NeW;!Tear.'s Gifi^C ? of 35 sovs.'jr'Mying Handicap^,' of '25 spys.|; Handicap Hurdle, , of 30 /soys.,, Acceptance :' aiideniry for the IVIaiden Plate, of 15 sovs.,, received up to1: 8 p.m. on the night of ,. genera! entry, 19th December. : On no. account will any entry be entertained unless the amount required be enclosed at the time of nomination and acceptance. : On Monday week the programme of the' Carrick ? Racing Club will have to be attended to. ? Nominations must be sent to the secretary/ Blair's Hotel, Carrick, before , eightplm. on the day named. '?' The events are:— Hurdle. Race, of 35 sovs. ; Carrick : Plate, of 70 sovs. j Two-year-Old- Stakes, Entally Cup valaed 25 sovs., presented by hon. Thomas Eeibey, with 20 sovs. added ; Steeplechase, of 60 soys. ; Entally Handi cap, of 35 sovs. Entries for Maiden; Plate and acceptances for the other events^ close by eight p7m. : on. December '17. .'':.'' ' Blairgowrie'f jvrites ; on the Cblebrook Eaces in another, column.. ., ' The great racing carnival was brought to a close on Saturday last, and a large num ber of Tasmanians returned by Tuesday's steamer, some rejoicing and others sorrow ing. '. The meeting as a whole was an un doubted success — infact, the most success ful spring: meeting ever held by the V.R.C.. — and the sport all through— ^marred, how ever, by the accident on, the Thursday— I- ?was 'excellent!'- The 'jumping on Steepler chase clay draws a larger attendance than any other . Saturday's racing of ; the ? year,:' 'and.' on this occa sion the attendance 'greatly' exceeded that of last year, and about .£100 above the proceeds of the steeplechase of 1884. was taken: For the chief event of the day our old friend Morven started favourite, but : like his countryman Denmark on Thursday he did notobtain the coveted' honour. He . shaped in anything but ^yihnirig style, and rapped 'nearly every fence. ..A number, of the horses came to grief . Strange to say/ neither Lizette or Bob Cooper, who were first ani second,, was backed. Lizette's legs were not. quite so .clean as backers might wish, and was probably - the reason why both owner and rider declined to risk, anything' on '??her chiince of winning/ '.With, 9st. 41b. up — '-over' a1 stone and'a.half more -thanjin the Cup — Sheet Anchor ranja great ' race for the V. B.C. Handicap, but ; cpu'ld^ only get second to Browii and Rose.. :The; performance, how.ever, was a grand one, '. and the race ; was one of 'the best' of 'the meeting;. ; jii ! the 'Canterbury Plate the ? New Zeaiande'r Trenton again covered him- ! self with glory, defeating',. iNordenfeldt' after, .an exciting ( race, 'by. ,'a lialf: neck.' JYEobertspn'; . asj' ./usual,' ,, rode ' a1 'grand' 'x^e,i,^ and '^qame^.'l'. witti ,' ,' one ' of his characteristic dashes at the finish, j There was great excitement oyerithe , race. : O'Brien '. has the satisfaction ; of : having: a j nicef sum. ;to take'- back rto;Ma6rilandj:his ? crack coltiaying.'been' first' ? on tbree occa sions and third in- tho great race . of the mooting. , : ???::??! .Williamson',' who rode Welcomo Jack in the race for the-Veteran Stakes oh the third day of the V.R.C. Meeting, was fined £5 .for .disobedience at the post, and the stewards added to tho punishment by bust ponding hiui from racing, until the 31st of ncxt;niohth. i .'?' ,- ' ?: Mr.' Joseph Thompson, the well- known bookmaker, was brought before the: stew ards ,'!',pn :the same day at the instance of Mr. Arthur Anderson, who complained that.he had.been, insulted by the leviathan in regard to a disputed bet. Mr. Thomp- son , was ordered to apologise, and the stewards warned him not to offend again. . Several members of the r Melbourne betting, ring refused to pay for a separate license , to ^vager; oh, the: Williamstown ?course.., jM' ?; .,.?,;,,,:,? ;.' . ' ;.-..; ' : The fame of theCiilstock studj has long been established, and eyeryyear.its.success is becoming. inorer pronounced, and this has bee'nih a'great measure owing to. the ex cellence of ;the marcs possessed, by Mr. Field. ; It was therefore with: regret that: sporting' men' in this as well as othbr colp-: nies recently received ; the. : intelligence of 'the death of Queen Mary, ?, Sheet Anchors dam. They.' will ' be 'glad, to learn their regrot was^wasted, as this fine mare is .still alive, , a' mistake li'aying. been made by the owner, who, writes under: date November. 5, ? as r follows : — ?' Iti was' not Queen ^Mary -that I. lost a few weelcsiago, but Aglaia,1 byPeter Wilkihs, from' Lady- bird (dam of British Workman). I thought at first it was : Queen .Maryi but in ; getting my itnares,! together .?(they : had been running.j at, different ; places several miles distant.fr6m'Calstock)iI found it was the other; mare;; i These two niares were exactly alike,!brown in colour. .It was alwaysvery. ditucult ' to distinguish i them; especially when they had their winter's coat on ;' in1 fact, my,old stud grooui Neep ihad often a difficulty in knowing them until they shed their ; coats,: and. ;they were only distin-, guishable then by one being a1 little lighter- ,in colour than the! 'other.' Mr. Field's explanation will be read with interest throuehout the .colonies. ? :-r One bookmaker has failed to : meet his liabilities over the Cup meeting. ?'; It is' understood the : amount is about ^67000,, and he . had previously collected .£2000. This will ^be a' bard blow to those who, have been1 trustingiib their wins to redeem their. fallen fortunes. ' . ; ! : ? uThe racehorse Sarabanda, which was injured at. the Queensland Turf -Club Spring' Meeting by 'running against the. three-quarterrmile post on iMonday, died on Tuesday. Little Nell, who met with a similar accident in a preceding event,' was so badly injured shb :had to, be destroyed. ? .'..;''? The Williamstown Races were held Nov. 9th, at which there was a large attendance. The principal events, ;were the Williams-' town Handicap of 250 sovs/ distance one mile. ? Merrimu was made a strong favourite and won easily out ..of a field of 712;:!' The Steeplechase of '75 i so vs.; distance.' two,- miles, was won by .Granyille, Bob' Cooper, r the favourite, finishing third.' ;.,','.- A serious dispute arose 'in Melbourne last week' relative to 'wagers about New stpad for the Derby. Several backers de clined to pay on the ground that he was prevented from winning through a con spiracy.. The matter camo before the Vic-, torian Club Committee, but learning that it had been before Adelaide Tattersall's. they declined to interfere. Backers gene rally paid with the intention of taking any subsequent proceedings that may be found feasible for the recovery of the mohev.' Last week I. referred to the bad. settling in Sydney over the Caulfiold Meeting; I notice also that the Adelaide bookmakers arc complaining of the bad settling over the Caulfield Meeting and Derby Day. ; I learn from an Adelaide paper that Mr. H.r J. Woodhouse has just completed a very fine oil painting of Lord Wilton, last year's Adelaide Cup winner. Sanders is in the saddle, and the picture is a faith ful representation of both horse and rider. Mr. Woodhouse has also produced credita ble chromo-litho prints of the picture, and sporting men will no doubt take care to ?nrnnmv- firmipH fif f.liPKfi. : In referring to the tipping of winners at the late V.R.C. Meeting, 'Caspian,' in Town and Country, says :— ' As for' the Nordehfeldt-TJralla ' crowd, I don't think anybody deserves credit for tipping him, especially after what his owner was pre sumed to have said concerning his starting. The less said about the matter the sooner ended.',- . ?!-,. ' The news of Sheet Anchor's Cup victory created a great sensation in Sydney and was at first discredited. The Sydney Mail says:— The long faces , that were seen on Tuesday, at the sporting haunts and in the streets of Sydney, after the news of the . result of the Cup race was posted, indicate ' that once more has the battle between the public and the bookmakers ended in entire discomfiture to the former. Settling day will shortly come when'the unlucky backer will have to meet .his liabilities. Trying to break the ring is a romanticyet expensive experiment, the attempt l'esultinff.in nine leases out of ten, in bitter disappointment :tp.the operator, i Tlie ? public have again and again been warned that in backing horses the percentage is greatly against .them j yet. they blindly brave the odds, thus enriching the . horde of'' pencillers,' who live' in almost Vi-egal splendour through the. rashness of ; their clients. , In betting there appears to be some wild infatuation, - for it takes but the lapse of aifew weeks to banish from the mind eyen the most telling blow. From1 thb' opening :6f the' racing campaign on the banks of.theHawkesbury, about six weeks ago,, up toother-present the public 'have' had'a' very 'bad time, 'Hh'e only turn ; of ' good : for tune, being on Saturday last'in'.th'e 'Maxibyrhbhg Plate ' and ' ViR.C, Derby; The 'amount of money' won by tHe public on those two races is trifling com pared with their losses over tho Melbourne Cup. Shoot Anchor is a very bad horse for them, and it is only the immndiate followers of the stable of , tho winner that have come out of the ordeal triumphantly. Stories, no doubt, will be told how porsom in the most humble sphere of life, inspired by the name of tho winning horse, won a bier stake, but when the truth is told, the great bulk of the public have severely burnt their' fingers, and tho Melbourne Cup of 1885 will be remembered as being one of disaster to them. It is poor consolation that Nordenfeldt, the New South Wales champion three-year-old, ran like a race horse, and was not a length from the win ner. Had ho first caught the judge's eye, and been an outsider, it is probable that his victory ? would not ? have been hailed with delight, for the success of an outsider means disaster to backers. Truly, book- ; making is a lucrative occupation; ? , ' The Novice,' the tuvf writer in the Bendigo Advertiser, gets the credit in the, Sydney Mail of being the only contributor to. the' sporting Press who tipped Sheet Anchor -as' the' winner- of tho Melbourne. .Cup.', This,'! as .my l'eade'rs are aware, :is not correct, as' I gave my verdict ( in favour', of the horse, and,{ih*fact, since the weights ^vore issued consistently, stuck to him; If' the writer who made the above statement refers : to theTasnianian of October 31,' he will find that what'T savis correct; ; ? In giving ; a , list of Sheet Anchor's per formances last -veek I accidentally omitted the following :— At the A.' J.C. ' Autumn Meeting, 1885, was nowhere in Dbncaster Handicap (one mile),'. 9st, won by St. Law rence, 7st',71bj nowhere in .Sydney. Cup (two miles), 8st 21b, won. by Normanby, 6st' 301b ;. nowhere in City Handicap (one mile and a half),1 8's't' 51b;'won; by Merlin, 8st 121b j i and:nbwhere: in Place Handicap (oho milb'.and a half); 8st'3lb,wpri by' Mpoh slice, 7st 101b: , ; .. ' ' '; ? : . '.; : ; A writer in the California Breeder and Sportsman, thus pithily declaims against th e : too frequent use of the whip among jockeys : — ' And, by-the-way, it is a 'moral cer tainty' that more races are lost than won by excessive puishment. A mere ' touch of the spur, a light quick stroke of the whip, a moyemont of the bit, in ninety and nine cases in a hundred will have a better effect than severe 'flagellations. In the general craze to follow English customs, the clubs which are calledwhips in, that country are affected — heavy, unwieldy cudgels that ?lacerate with 'even a moderate blow, : when the part struck is a : tender portion of the body, and when used under the excitement1 of a close finish they are instruments of torture: — not a whit more likely to accele rate thespeed'than a lighter whip, as the momentary sting is no neuter, but bruise andmanglo inia way to leave ugly welts and it may, be' virulent sores. Trainers have it in their, power to regulate the spurs and whips used by jockeys ; and as so much regard is; given to even a slight increase of weight carried, a reduction in this respect can be looked after, and with the gratification of- knowing that it; is ? on the lside;bf.mercy.'& It is well known that the crack f jockeys . of England have a great aversion to the whip, and seldom uso it except when absolutely necessary. Maud S., the famous American trottintr mare, recently essayed to break the record at the Narragansett Park Meeting, but during tho critical portion of her journey the hands of Bair, her driver, slipped on the reins, and the mare broke, and. before she could settle down had lost several seconds. ' But for the break, ' says an American exchange, ' there is little doubt that the mile would have been covered in2-08f.' : The trainer of Hermit for his Derby suc cess, George Bloss, died at Newmarket on Sept. 14, at the age of 69. ; The news recalls the events of that most sensational race, concerning which a story has been told. Captain Machell, as the world is aware, was managing Mr. Chaplin's horses, and though there had been no actual misun derstanding between Lord Hastings and Captain Machell, tlie circumstances .of the case made it natural that there should have been no intercourse between them. Lord Hastings stood to win a large fortune on his own animal, and did not for a moment apprehend the faintest danger from' Hermit, who was generally believed to be unfit, given to breaking blood vessels, and altogether without the ghost of a chance. Before the race, however, Captain Machell met Lord Hastings, and told him that the public impression about Hermit was entirely wrong, that the horso was notpnly well,' but, in spite of the price, exceedingly likely to win, and beg him to save some off the money on Mr. Chaplin's ,colt, pointing out;that a very small outlay would, in the event of success, bring in a large stake,fpr Hermit siarted at 66 to 1. Lord Hastings refused, vowing that nothing .could make him believe that Hermit was worth consideration. . How . Hermit won, and the bearer of crimson and white hoops was defeated, turf history re lates. Lord Hastings was practically ruined;, but, nevertheless, he was among the first to congratulate Captain Machell, and to thank him for the: advice he had proffered. ? .; ? Mr. Robert Howett, a prominent member of the English ring and an owner and breeder of horses, has arrived from the old country on a three months' visit to the colonies. Mr. Howett timed himself nicely :LO arriyeiior . tne - v m.\j. .spring meeting, and he expressed the greatest surprise at the Cup gathering. Indeed, : he described ' it as a wonderful sightj and one such as he never before beheld^ and did not' even dream of seeing. . Osborne,. the jockey; too, was fairly astounded at the. Cup sight, and could hardly. believe that racing, was con ducted as it is at Flemington. ;;??'-?' . ': ] Th'e;Bard (says; Bell's' Life), with 'his un beaten certificate, and. untarnished escut cheoni'has ? retired! into. ;winter .quarters, after an arduous season, emblazoned with sixteen consecutive ? winning brackets. Though, truth to write, his contests have lain in pleasant places, no animal approxi mating to first-class form having crossed his path, probably Minting would with very littlo difficulty have lowered his colours ; anyway, if a match wore made between the pair at even weights over any reasonable distance fancy odds would, we think, be laid without compunction on Mr. Vyner's son of Mint Sauce, who is a Young Melbourne mare. In his conformation the recent Champagne winner undoubtedly throws back to his dam's side, a strain celebrated for stamina, especially when judiciously nicked. Lady Peggy, own sister to Dame Agnes (says Bell's Life of Sept. 21), will be trained by John Porter for H. R. H. the Prince of Wales. All true sportsmen will be right glad to greet once again the regal colours of his Royal Highness, viz., purplo body with gold braid; scarlet- sleeves, black velvet cap , with gold fringe.- Originally they made their dchut on the Arabian bay Alep, at Newmarket, and were defeated in a match by, Lord Strathnairn s grey Avowal, whilst on.tho.second occasion they woro unfurled .The Scot carried them for. the Liverpool Grand National on that ill1 fated day that brought to the Prince, just as the race was. run, .the sad news of the untimely death of .his brother, the late Duke ? of _ Albany. May fortune for the future smile onthe royal racing .livery. '? ' 