SPORTING NEWS. SPORTING NOTES. BY FLANEUR. Three Newmarket candidates having a good outside show to win, with a start they should be well up. MISTAKE, 5 years, by" Dante—Stockdove:: At 2 years .stripped eight and. scored'a first and a third; at 3 ycars, stripped four times, no score; at ,4 .years, ran 23 times, won three times, ran second half a score of times, and was several times ■ unplaced. This year he has won three short distance races in marvellously. quick tirao. .Mistake’s last public’ appearance was tn the Victorian Club : Selling Race. In this event he .walked in in. the phenomenal time of 1 min. 2f seo. for. the 5 furlongs, having 7st lib on his back. In this race he carries 7st 61b. A great .many - turfites declare he is not class enough, and that selling platers ought to be excluded from Newmarket company. 1 care nothing about the- company. His time is good and his. weight handy, and fit and well on Saturday’next I shall expect him to be taken : notice of when the numbers go up.- SUBBET, ... ■ ■ r, . . By Barbarian—Fancy. Is an aged gelding, running in the nomination. of T. Ivory.’ His weight in the handicap is 6st 81b". This customer was four years old before he saddled up. Two starts, no win. 'As a five-year-old he went out ’five times and won twice,' both the .‘races bsing the same distance as the Nowmarket. He carried 6it ‘2lb in the one, and Bst lib in the other; the. time being respectively 1 min. 16 3-10th see.,. 1 min. 16 4-10th seo. At six years, started once, but did not score. His last run was in Flying Handicap, Sydney T.C., when he carried 7st 21b, and ran second to Kingswood. T. Ivo>y is one of the best wailists in Australia, and. when'least expected the blue jacket and straw cap suddenly turn up. If be is patient, it is for some purpose,. and I am of opinipu tbat he has designs of an annexation character re specting this Handicap. ... - ABCHiE. . ... 4 years, Rapacity—Eugenie, Bst 131 b. Archie is a name repugnant to the nostril of any backer who has a sound nasal development. -When he went out’ for the Derby of 18831 hewastko cynosure of all■* eyes, the observed 1 of all ‘ ob ververs, ' the popular idol'of-ah'admiring multi tude,&o.;, da capo. ' When he returned to scale, it was. with groans, full,, deep, arid earnest, that he was greeted. A short 2 min'.; and; 39 sec.: ago and Archie could have stood against all the horses in the.world.. New, none so poor as to do him reverence; That Archie did not win the Derby .is a fact,'that he could have won it is doubtful, that- be never got a show to win it is a dead, absolute, certainty. Despised though he is, I regard'him as one of the most brilliant horses in the land for three-quarters of mile. If he start and is.wanted I shall expect him to land his" Bst 131 b cargo about the winning post in 1 min.: 16 seo. . . . . r 'Claptrap, who-ran third in the Newmarket last year, must not be . lost sight of. '. 7st 121 b was his weight on that occasion, 7st 91b this. A year and-31b.should help this soirof Tim Whiffler and Talkative. J. G. Reid’s Ghost will .ran a good horse. This phantom has had a good bit put on him at fair prices. Alphahet, by Maribyrnong - Q. E. D., is doing well on the training ground, and will run a game and good horse on Saturday. In fact, there are so many good and game horses in this event that a scribe is liable- to porpetual be wilderment in estimating their chances. Towa Moor and Leporelio did two of the best gallops oa tho track yesterday. Welcome Jack will be as fit as . a star by the time he is wanted,* and he will take a deal of doieg. Middlemarcb, ..Velocipede, Anglesey, and Lavington did good striding work. Surprise and Topaz swept along for a merry five furlongs, Topaz being at the head of affairs at the finish. Mascotte rnn a clipping five furlongs in excel lent time. This filly is daily improving. .. Sir Garnet, St. J ohn, Coniugsby, and Country Boy did serviceable work, and all finished up well. Silver King and Little Sister peeled off for a two mile spin, the mare apparently having the best of it at the end of the run, but I am of opinion that the King had a stone or two extra on. board. Salvo was backed yesterday for £20,000 to win the Newmarket. Starting at 100’s to 3 the market was cleared at 100’s to 6. Leporello and Velocipede were each supported to the tune of £lO,OOO, from 100’s to 3 to 4. Coniogsby and Sir Garnet are receding steadily point by point. By the time the flag falls the betting market, so far as they are con cerned, will be about zero. Silver. King is first favorite for the Leger at 6 to 4. This price has been accepted to a good amount. lam of opinion that the Leger is not his dart. We shall see. Off Color, Plunger, Welcome Jack, Ringwood. and Sheet Anchor can be backed for five monkeya against the field in the Australian Cup. In the cricket field Australia has beaten All England by a nose. The difference between defeat and victory in such a case is iufinitesimal. The honor of such a defeat is as great as the honor of such a victory. The Englishmen played an uphill game in the gamest and most courageous manner possible. Australia's win is attributable in a great measure to Jarvis, who captured six English wickets behind the sticks. His display can only be characterise:) as dex terous, marvellous,- aod brilliant. __ The greatest and latest sensation in canr.i c.iou with the Newmarket Handicap is tho electrio advanco of Prometheus in the betting, from 100 to 8 to 100 to 20. He was asked a very im portant question yesterday morning, and having answered it in the most complete and satis factory manner, all the money available down to sto 1, was snapped up for tho stable. About £60,000 was got about the horse, and he will go to the post one of the most heavily backed New market favorites we have ever known. Notwith standing the rush he will Dot run for me. The following horses have been struck out of V.R-C. engagements since my last report: Australian Cup.— Anchorite, Buckingham. St. Leger. —Buckingham, Blucher, Bohemian, Lady Temple, Goodwood, Alicia, War Cry. Ascot Vale Stakes.—Memento, Lady Gran ville, Ener, Phaon, Lorelei, Melodious, For ward, Mossiface, Vengeur, Cardigan, Fitz gerald, Copenhagen, Cobweb, Farceur, The Pen cil, Crown Jewel, Crystal, Burford. Newmarket Handicap Anchorite, Dirk Hatteraick, Buckingham, Lucky Hit, Rebus, Soldier Boy. Champion Race.—Buckingham, Reginald. All Engagements.—Le Grand, Rufus, Pail leroo. 