The Tragedy of Featherstone. Bï B.JLÍ.FARJEON, Author of " Grif," Blade of Grass," "JoshuaMarvel," &o.; . ""'THE PROLOGUE. . ONE DAT AND ONE NIGHT. ? Come like sliadowB, so depart. CHAPTER XII (CONTINUED) i Tommy Mayplé, in bewilderment, allowed him self to be seized and held, and wondered what he had done..- As for. Thrifty Miller, when Iiis eyes fell upon thebaskèt of ferns, his bones fairly rat tled with fright (he was a very skeleton of a boy), and he turned as white as a ghost ; and when Mr. Pennyfold said, "Come here!" his legs would scarily carry him j he thought his last moments had arrivbd. But his courage bbgan tb return at tho uuôjqje'cted tones of Mr» Penuyfoíd's Vbjce. Thfe'y-were kind) tn"ey were benlgil, they wer"© evën fatherly, « You see nbthing to laugh at, my b'oyP " " N-n-n-no, sir." " You would not turn and sting the hand that fed you ?" " N-n-n-no, sir;" " This boy/' said Mr, Pennyfold, addressing the company generally, "will elevate himself ; this boy- will, rise, and will become an ornament to, society. It is not my intention, little boys and girls, to make the innocent suifer for the guilty. I have promised to present you with pieces of new s money from the Mint, and I shall: keep: my "pro mise. There will he one exception, who, if he is not utterly lost to shame, may be brought to con fess that honesty is always the best pbHcy. Mrs.-. Pennyfold, hand me that bag. Thank you.' Little boys and girls, yon will file before me in slow and regular order, and upon receipt of the donation, you will how or curtsey, as the case may be, and say, Thank you, sir, to me, and Thank you, my lady, to Mrs. Pennyfold." Mr. Pennyfold opened the bag, and as the chil dren filed past gave to each of them a "brand new penny piece. At the conclusion of the ceremony he addressed them again. : *^You will have observed that I have given no donation to your school-fellow Tommy Mayplo. "Why do I deprive him of his piece of móney and give it to Thrifty Miller ? Because :he has this day committed an act whioh horrifies me. I re quest him to step forward and gaze, if ho can, upon that basket of ferns. Let him go, John." Tommy Mayple stepped forward, and looked at the ferns, and then at Mr. Pennyfold. "Is it possible," exclaimed Mr. Pennyfold, "that he can gaze upon it without'blushing!" " What have I got to blush for ?" demanded Tommy Mayple. '-;:.'V . " What have you get to blush for ? Do you ask that question, with brazen effrontery? I would have spared you had you Bhown a proper spirit of contrition, but I will now expose you to your fellow pupils. These fems are.stolen ferns, and tommy Mayple did it." " I didn't," cried Tommy Mayplo. "It will not avail you, sir. Your accomplice confessed, and made a clean breast of it before he escaped. I Bhall consider what is best to bo done with you. Is any boy or girl in a position to come forward as a witness against hirn ?'' There was perfect silence s not a child moved : and it must be Baid, although they were over whelmed at the revelation of Tommy -Mayple's wickedness,- that they were all sorry for him with the exception of Thrifty Miller..." " In the absence of witnesses," continued Mr. . Pennyfold, "and there being no likelihood of our being able to arrest his accomplice, this wretched little boy will probably escape the consequences of- his crime. Let him ponder on it, and if it is not too late, let him resolve to reform and become an honest boy for the future. .. Whether he does so or not I, for my part, will have nothing more to do with him. I wash my ..hands of. Thomas Mayple." ' All merriment was at an end ; a dark cloud . rested upon the day's enjoyment, and,the children looked at Tommy Mayple in doubt-and fear. He was very.pale, and did not attempt to mir: with them. It was only when poor little Miss Peebles drew him; aside, and said to him, mournfully, " O, Tommy, < Tommy, how could : you- howcould you?" that he exclaimed, passionately, "If it was the the last word I ever had to speak, ma'am, I didn't doit !" ? " . 