MR. A. B. BIGGS'S NEW TELESCOPE. "Not from the stare do I my judgments pluck, And yet methinks I have astronomy." \- SHAKESPEARE. The clear atmosphere of the southern hernis. pheEr peculiarly favours these persona who delight in spending hours at night in viewing through a telescope the ce- lestial bodies — the fixed stars, planets, satellites, and comets—for the purpose of gaining a knowledge of their nature, distri. distribution, magnitudes, motions distances, periodsof revolution, eclipses,etc. Few men in Aus- tralaia have devoted more time to or taken a greater interest in astronomy than Mr. A. B. Biggs, of Patterson-street, Launceston, who has by assiduity gained a wonderful knowledge of the laws of the heavenly bodies, and of the principles by which their motions are regulated. For years Mr. Biggs has been a close observer of the heavens, and we have often been indebted to him for interesting and reliable information concerning special stellar phenomena. He has spent hours in the little rotunda in the Invalid Depot Grounds, where by the aid of a very ex cellent refracting telescope he was enabled to make some interesting observations, and from time to time to gather some fresh information relative to the southern solar system which was very interesting to the famous astronomers of Europe. Recently, however, Mr. Biggs woe mostt agreeably surprised when he was informed by an old and most esteemed friend thest he had a new and very powerful telescope which he intended to present to him. This magni ficent instrument Dr. Biggs has had fitted up in a small but compact observatory in the Invalid Depot Grounds, at the end of the path leading from the gate opposite to the entrance to the Gaol, and last night he invited the representatives of the Press to his sanctum to have a peep at some of the twinkling stare through his new telescope. The evening was somewhat cloudy, and it was feared that the star gazing would have to be postponed, but at 7.30 o clock, when the scribes assembled the fleecy clouds seemed to be drifting southward, and there was a eprospect of the heavens being clear. While Mr. Biggs was adjusting and fixing the telescope the knights of the pencil had a look round his observatory. It is constructed of wood, and is about 10ft, square, and is set so that the eides face the north, east, west, and south respec tively. There is a door at the north and south ends, so that Mr. Biggs can, when occasion requires, step out and see how the weather i The upper half of the sides lower all round the building, so that the telescope can be pointed at any object all round. The roof is very ingeniously constructed. On the top of the east and west walls are fixed iron rails, on which the roof, which is built on wheels, rests, therefore when Mr. Biggs wishes to observe any particular star in the northern sky, he runs the roof southwards until the half of the observatory is open to the sky. Agaiu, if he wishes to fix his attention on a planet in the southern sky he runs the roof northwards, leaving the southern heavens clear for observa tion. By this time Mr. Biggs had the telescope ready, and pointing at Beta Scorpii, a very brilliant double star in the western heavens. The glimpses at the large star, eparkling nod brilliant with its attendant star of a bluer but still beautiful colour, was pleasing in the extreme, and a very pleasant half hour was passed in watching it and bearing Mr. Biggs's remarks concerning it. The telescope was then pointed to the northern edge of the moon, and a splendid peep at its surface was obtained. The mountains were clearly discernible stand ing out from the surface, and throwing shadows on the plains at their feet. But a lengthy observation of old Luna was sipped in the bud by the arrival of a thick bank of clouds which obscured her from view. An attempt was then made to have a peep at Alpha Centaurus, the finest double star in the heavens, which, however, was not obtainable. This double star is invisible to the astronomers in the northern hemisphere, and therefore Mr. Biggs has made it a particular study and gathered a lot of information concerning it, which he will forward to the Royal Society, London, at an early date. The new telescope was constructed by the celebrated optician, Mr. Browning, of London, and has an 8½in. clear aperture. It is a reflect- ing telescope composed of specula or concave reflectors aided by a refracting eye piece. It is to this description of instrument that the scientific world owes the most wonderful astro nomical discoveries, and the names of such men as Newton, Gregory, Herschel, and Lord Rosse are connected with its history. Mr. Biggs's new telescope works up to a magni. fying power of 800 times the power of the naked eye, and he has very delicate glasses, which in case of necessity would enable him to increase its power very considerrably. Mr. Biggs has hardly corn. pleted the fixing of his telescope, being at pre. sent engaged in marking off the degrees on two discs, the one to tell the hour, and the other the meridian, so as to enable him thereby to point his telescope directly on the star he wants to find. He is also nightly engaged in searching for two comets, which are daily ex pected to make their appearance in the heavens. A very excellent invention, which shows Mr. Biggs's skill and ingenuity, has been fixed to his small telescope. It is a micrometer, which Mr. Biggs has invented for measuring the die. tance between double stars or any two bodies which may appear at the same time on the field of vision. This consists of two dark glasses, on which lines have been drawn so as to ademit the light. On one glass the lines are heori zontnl, and on the other is one vertical line. When placed behind one another they can be so manipulated as to throw, as it were, " ghost stars" on to the field of vision, which are moved about until they become exactly below the objects which are to be measured. When this is accurately taken the micrometer is examined, the little apertures which represent the ghost stars noted, the distance between them measured, a calculation made, and the exact distance ascertained. Mr. Biggs will shortly complete this very useful invention, when he will write an article thereon, and for ward it for publication in some of the scientifo journals in England. During the evening Mr. Biggs spoke in very grateful terms of the kindness shown him hey Mr. Alfred Jones, who had allowed hime to erect his observatory in such a convenient place, and who had rendered him every pos sible assistance in the erection thereif. At 9.30 p.m. the sky became so obscure with clouds that the representatives of the Press had to leave the observatory, very much pleased at the peep they had had through the most powerful telescope in the colony. 