MINISTERIAL VISIT TO THE NORTH-EAST. By Telegraph. , (from our own reporter.) AT LI3MOB. Lismorb, Thursday,— Tha Oolonial Treasurer (Mr Dtbbs) and party reached hen at hslf-ptst 11 last night. The usual address ot walcoae wis pre sented by Mr James Barrle It expressed tbe ex- treme pleasure ox tne innaoitsnte to welcome, la Mr Dibbs, tbe first Minister of the Crown to their district. They interpreted his presence as another instance of tbe Government's desire to still far ther recognise the importance of the Richmond Biver district. They gratefally acknowledged ths substantial recognition they bed received from tbe Government of their claims to railway communi cation, and said tbey would always regard h!s visit as a prominent landmark in tbeir history. "Daring your term of office," they said, "ao event hie taken place, probably the most significant end important in the annals of oolenial responsi ble Government. We refer to tbe diipttih ot the New Sonth Wales contingent to the Sonden to assist the mother-country io quelling tbe rebellion in tbat nnhsppy country. We tbink that no mire beneficial act for the colony in oariicniar and Aus tralia generally haa been performed by any ot our oolonial Goternmen'e." Mr Dibbs, in reply, said : I am very'deeply sensible . of the wedh of yonr welcome tu your riub, im portant, and beautiful district. To visit yon «t any time snd under any circnmstanosa would be a great gratification, bat to visit you as yonr guett acd to receive such a welcome as you bavo given tj me today, is a great honour and agteat pleasure. I deeply regret tbat the necessities ot the public, end very urgent buainrs. hsva preventel my colleague, Mr, Dillcy, from eoj lyice a visit to your disiriot, to which I know he had long looked forward with pleasure. (Hear, hear.) It is on 'y by a personal visitation of the various parts ot ths colony, aod by communicating with those residing in them, that such an acquaintance with tbeir re sources, productions, ami capabilities can be ob tained, which will justify Mintsien in determin ing the extent and character of tho public works wbioh are essential for the development ot the wealth cf ihe respective districts. Tois, indeat, is the only justification for tha occasional nbrence of Ministers from their public offices in tbe metro polis. While I regret that your district has not before been made the subjoot of Ministerial inquiry, I am naturally proui ot the honour of being tbe first to discharge tbe duty, (Queers) There csn be no question that there are fow parts ot the colony possessing tho material ot unde- veloptd wealth and national prosperity to tbe sauio extent as your own, It has been onr pleasure and our duty to snbmit to, aud procure tbe ap proval of, Parliament of that great line ot railway wbicb, while it will immediately placo you in ccmmnnioation with our national system of rail ways, will tend in a material degree to the settle ment of the country, and to the attraction ot popu lation to its shotei ; lor this is one of ths first consequences of opening up new portions of tbe colony, and to the general prosperity. (Cheers.) For my own part, 1 bave no doubt that tha great ?ndertaking which Parliament baa so wisely sane tioned will, even in its first years of existence, en tail no loss npon tbe public, while its uitimato success is a matter of oerraiotjr. (Hear, hear.) You have been pleased to allude with a markeu emphasis of approval to tbe action of our Government iu undertaking to inaugurate a nflw colonial policy, (Applauee ) It was a bold act, but it was an honest acd a noble one. (Hear, bear.) It w.-s dictated by tbe purest motives of loyal devotion to the parent country, (Ohcere.) These motives were instantly appreciated, not only by tbe grand old country which we ttied to serve, but by every civilised Power in the world which noderstood the streogtb of oat bonds with the Empire, and which applauded our gratitude. (Applause,) By an overwhelming majority, tbe Parliament of tbe country h'.s vindicated at the earns time our conduct and the loyalty of tbe cuLnies. (Hear, hear.) 1 am thankful to you lor the expression of your entire sympathy in our uctirn. The times are critical, aud there is d-neer of tbe disturbanoa of tbe world's peace, and one Ol the immediate results of our action is to show tbe world that tbe coloay wh eh n capab e of susha racrifica as thatwa nave jast made is iqnal to tbo patriotic duty ot sharing, oot only in ire own dc-lence, bat in that of the Empire. Gentlemen, I tender yoo on bihaif of the Govern ment gut grateful tbBsks for your welcome and you: h spiiulitjr, (Loud cheers.) THE BaNqUKT.. Tbe banquet was, in some respects, remarkable. The Colonial Treasurer w»s some hours delayed in his tour from Grafton, and thu it happened that ibe banquet did not begin until shortly after mid- i igbt. Tbe prettily .decorated Albert Theitro was 'heBcmeoi the conviviality, and it augurs well lot the popularity of tbe Mioistry and toe the piiblic-epiritodncss of the district, wbsn over 70 p.ntlemen will Bit down just before I o'clock ici V e moiniog to go ihrouzo a long m-.nu, and an qually Ion tosst-list. Emry mtmb-.r of Parlia ment present, aod they were io fores, paid his tribute of admiration to tbe beauty, richness, and UTriliiy of tbe district, until at last the repetition r> this prrise brought forth from a local medico herrmatkio the chrirman : "I think you have t,,d quite enough of oar bsautifui district." Accounts of tbeir stewardship were given briefly by Mr Dibbs, and in a few instances shortly, but ino e often tediously, by his collotgusa of th: j opalsr Chum her of tho Legislature. Lis' night tbe faces of tbe Mtnuterlal party bore strong tracts of tbe littlo amount of " tired DatureVswett restorer " they bad bsen able to obtain during tbeir tour. Balmy sleep was too delightful to some of them to longer resist its woo'nes, and short siestas were seize! by tha eppy as speeches were spoken by the sleepless though Mr Dibbs has listened patiently for hoars by the balf-dczen to tbe echoing aod re-echoiogs ci the ideas of one st two men, by over a hundred nitmbeis ol Parliament, the atductiveneas of tbe lsventieib speech last night waB too overpowering for ibe honourable gentleman, and the brilliancy of tbe next few speeches wore lost to this sieepiig and txhau-ted minister, The lull ot ecurd in an iritoivjl between tbo toasts disturbed bis well-earned slumber, however, aud Mr Dibbs tlitn, win spiiogie3 to the Chairman, retired in the wake of ths metropolitan pressman. Three otbor speic'cs concluded tha toasts. Tnu banqnetting-room wtw gracefully dressed with ercbcB of tugar-cane,' baa teas, and pine apples, and evergreens, aod it w<s ao uuique exhibition of the products of this rich distriot, which well dveeivesiheattributo given to it of ibe " Big garden of Australia." " Tne gn at publio act of the Ministry," raid the Chairman, Mr Barrio, "in Bead ing a contingent of soldiers to the rioudin, will be remembered when all other acts of theirs are inrgotleu by that noble act. We raised ourselves Lorn a dependency to a position of a nation. We are no longer in the liadiog stringsof sdepoudency from this day. We have now something to ao in tbe coaDcilsof nations in the outer world, and I um sure yoo ell appreciate tbeir labours, and trait they will ari be spared to occupy their, podtiocsso loDg as tbey do rush acts." (Applause.) Mr Dtuns did uoc mako a long speech in reply Ilia reception by thu g-theriog was enthusiastic, and his utterances wore delivered iu th»t res iluts, coiivitcir g way which always makes him popular with and acceptable to au audi race. Hi speech received many marks ot approbation, as ssntunces prepnsct with signiiicanc < to the people as a whole as well as lo a part felt from bis lips — mois espe cially bis references to tho Soudao question. We live in most peculiar tlmtg, commence! th: bon gen'lemen. Home pcrplu say ibe timet aie out of joint, and tbat overylhiog is upside down We bib here getting on towards tbe northern boundaries of ths colony, and we are enjoying > moat sumptuous repast at an hour whon any other paisous would be just getting into their second s eep. If I were n<>t called upon to apologise t» ycu, and to tbe gentlemen who have cntorcalneu us so gianuly to-night, I might, in making tht apology for our beiog tin c -us of deity, thro it npon the act of God and 'he Queen's euemtss, be Cacs9 it is no fault of cuis. Toe fog de tained as two hours on the Clarence Biver, end it was equa'ly not onr fault that tht water whs not eufficieuriy deep at Cast worth Island to allow oar eteatn--r there. But, attor all. no apolosy is needed. There is a certain amouo' of grim humour io the whole business bappeoiog at 1 in the morning, li you had determined to matk your satiric appreciation of ths conduct of Parliament oaring tbe lone s s.-.on. yoa could cot bave done so in a mora appropriate way than by asking them to ci-mmoaco the onj lyab'e buslnes- of tbe evening at 1 o'clock in the m rroiog. I; is a curious thing that when wo got tbe vote through for year railway it was about tbii boar; therefore, at the witohing hour of 1, waeu ghosts aod goblin are walking ab.ut, tbe Tar iameat of toe country wi-e engaged In duins ice best togiveynu your just od legal rights, (Unesxa.) Aud speaking on toe batning question of a safe entrance to th Rich mond River, the bon gentlemen said : I do n->t know which is tbe finer riv-r of the two, the Clarence or the Riohmnod. La< nUht I thoaxht the Olarenoe wat the Quest river la the culoalss, ted I am not— except from Woodbura tu Llaurors —In a position to draw aa inference as to which it tbe better. Though your river may be as fiie as, or finer than, the Olarenee, tbers Is no doubt that the entrance to ths Richmond River does not possess the advantages for ooovenioa into a safe port and harbour, that Olarenee River dees. Tbat is my impression. Aod I will teli yoa tbii : I intend to cross ths bar nest Svtardsr morning, and intend to form my own opinion of it. (App'ause.) Three times I bars been over tbe O'areccs bar, and formed an opinion of what it is likely to be before a atone bad been laid upoi it by Mr Moriarty. I have seen the reiclia ot ths labours performed there, and havs formed the oon- clnsion that the Clarence is bound to be a Urge shipping port, by resaon of tbe facility of remov ing difficulties at its entrance, and making it safe harbour. I> it possible to do the like for yoar river ? (Yes.) Tea are all engineers, but we want to be moie satisfied. It is purely an engineering qurarion, and a question of cost ; but to take first a practical vitw of the matter, I intend to see aid judge for myself, and to give an opinion then of amateur e.-gioeering in such matters. (Ohesrs.) If it can be possible, at real in able cost, to mike yoar river navigable, it is the daty of any govern ment tosnbmit, and of any parliament to vote, a reasonable rum to accomplish tbst objsct. But, suppose the engineers decided it to be im- pos-ibla to permanently open the Richmond River except by tbe sacrifice of so large a sum of money aa to render its accom plishment limply impoisible, there are asvsral means of utilising the praotiedly proved oirtot ' tht Clarence, by connecting tbe R ohmind River . with mere than one braneh of railway, to onabla the occupiers of ths soil' oa yonr river to avail themselves ol cheap r.ilway carriige to the ship ping port of tbe Clarence, (O-ecrs). Too bon. ge&ilemin; then explained ths need of the sudden return ot Mr D.Iley io tbe metropolis, m«de a graceful apology for bis abience, and paid a high tribute of praise to his chief for the ccuceptiun of the brilliant idea ot S9nding soldiers to assist tha British flig in its reverses in the rioudsu. Ill tbtn went on to ssy that until that day tie bad not thought that Litmura was a town ot such gr.iod-ur and importance, and occupied snch a podtion io the rank ot towas of this colony, and that their river was wh it it is ; and be was perfectly Batitfhd that tho result ot this interviewing of Ministers was bound ti be P'odnctive of good, not a'one to th-m, but to tha whole of tht colony. When reasonable claims were submitted to tbe Government of the day, what ever Government m>gbt be in power, he was sitis- fied tbat the members of .Parliament who had seen what he bad seen tbat day would bo only too glad to pats for ihe district of Richmond such money as was fairly and honourably due to them — (applause) — and he was snre tbat the money weald be returned to tbe Treasnry fourfold In due time, I think theie visits, said Mr Dibb3, are to be advocated on all possible occasions. I am sorry for tbe absence ot Mr Dailey and my other colleague?, and also that my time wilt bB limited to-morrow to ste the enormoni amount of rich land tbat is to be seen ; bnt I was reminded jast new that in February list I promised to form one of a picric excursion to be given on the Rich mond River, and was aiked whether I intended to keep that promise. I believe this orach of yoar importance— of its richness, and its natural re- roarers — that I tbink the district is worthy of a second look, snd I shall be too glad if pnblic business will allow me in August next to join Mr Dailey and renew my acquaintance with yon of to-nigbt. With regard to the Earopean oat- look and political matters, I will say a few words. Never before at any time, I believe, in the biatory of England bis she been in greater straits or in greater difficulties by reason of the angry feelings whioh bave been exhibited towarda her in tne overt att>cks performed by vations centinantal powers against ber. Never before was such an offer of military help aa we havs made more opportune and appropriate, to make England feat that these colonics of hers were no longer a source of weaknetl, bnt were to Old Knglend her towers of strength. (Hear, hear.) At this moment England is on tbe very eve of declaration of war with Bnssia, and it is baeanse of tbe importance of that information wbicb ha been commnnic-ted to Mr DaUey wnile at the C'aience bee- use of the necessity to make the For of Sydney, Newcastle, Botany Bay an! Wollongong secure from probable attack and sar. prise by a Russian fleet, that the hun. gintlomao bat bad to return to Bydney at the earliest pos sible moment. There is no doubt tbat war was Lr.ver so imminent as now ; but I believe there . Iihs been no time in onr history whon tbe people were more prepared to make any sacrifice of blood sudtreaiure to maintain tbe hononrof this country, and to defend onr hearths and horn -s. (AppUaie.) To a large extent what is termed th military ipirit of the psople has been aronsed by Mr Dai- ley's action, and yoa may rely noon it— as citizsns of tbo colony of New Bonth Wales, nettled at a i emote distanco from any immediate effects of the hostile action ot a foreign fleet— that your fallow- citizens will give a good account of tbeir steward- bip if ever unfortunately the opportunity should arise fur their military feeling to be called into ction. (Liners.) Tne latest news from Sydney statts tbat at toe present moment bodies of men cio being employed in Binking torpedoes, and id making the utmost possible defence which the resources cf the colony allow, and we are tolerably well armed with material ot war to pre vent any chance of surprise. (Cheers.) Anv disaster io Sydney or any ports on tbo coast would recoil from one end of the colony to ;be other, We have been permitted to form portion ot tbe British Kmpire, and it should be the proudest object) of - our lives and exi»t:nce forever and ever to remain irua to tbe traditions of old Eogland, aud tha; we in these remote pans of the world should prove ourselves in meeting foe worthy suns of the empire from which we have sprang. (Great applause.) Six o her toasts followed, including that of " Prosperity to ths District," by Mr Diobi, and at a lew minutis before 4 the gathering dispersed, 