ttKEYITIES jSte ftitr ad astro, is what the man said who*weat Jp with b, torpedo. / . : Cablegrams more and more pacific. Oar views pore and more warlike. „ Somebody has discovered a typhoid bed in the Melbourne Botanic Gardens. , Bussia's Drotective duties have failed to oneofc the mportation of British goods into the empire. The water meeting, called ~ky advertisement iH'the Svxsiko !Nsws for last night, fizzled out. _ Weather showery and cold in Gundagai to-day, with every appearance of a heavy downpour. , Wherein are a polioeman and a rainbow alike i1 Both are tokens of peace, and usually appear rafter a ttonn. Fifteen stations to-day report rain. Ai aft other rtations the weather is dull and cloudy. The*eea is A gentleman has Just *' done ' Melbourne-,(with all Its eights) in three days. But then he came from r-amwor&. ' , The young man who always finds something good (n the newspaper is he who carries his lunch, (napped up in it. - At a public-house the landlord has painted up -mxr tide his door, ' Good beer Bold here, buL don't take yaj word for it.' „ Great disgust expressed last .night at thefailure ot1 those who advertised the indignation meeting to put In an appearance. . , Mumps are prevalent in the Bandwick Asylum. Numbers of people feel mumpish outside the asylum, owing to the scarcity of water. 'What is love?' asks a correspondent. Iiove^ my friend, is thinking that you and the girl can be an eternal picnic to each other. The oddest mnemonic curiosity is, that a woman? who never knows her own age knows to hatt-an-hour* that of all her female friends. . ' ' _ The four boxes by ?which the world; has been stated to be governed, are the cartridge box, the ballot box, the jury box, and the band box. It is reDorted from. Quirindi that 'the 'cranky' season has set in. The reporter says; that a lunatic asylum would be a useful addition to the town. Tin-bread must be of full weight, same as ordinary household bread ; but bakers may. charge more' for it if they like. Thus spoke the Supreme Court on Wednesday. A debating society has decided that eSnele hfe is better than the married state. Evidently a majority of the members of that society have been married over a year. 'We can't wait for solicitors j wed newer get through the work if we had to wait for solicitors,' paid Mr. O'Malley Clarke to a lady:litigamt, in the Central. . ,, ' It'B very bard to be struck by your own child, said an elderly complainant in the summons court in the Central. ' Yes,' assented Mr. O'Malley Clarke, S.M. ; ' but you are also charged with also striking ler.' ' Was the doctor attending your daughter at the time of the assault?' asked Mr. T. M. Williamson.. ' Sure, she'd have a doctor dancing round the house if she only had a sore toe,' replied the witness. Different sounds travel with different velocity. A call to dinner will run over a ten-acre field in a moment and a half.'while a summons to return to ?work takes from five to eight minutes. n ' Let us agree, ' says Dalley. ' Agree to federate, ?wires Service. ' Only on coal,' remarks W.B.IX. ' Agreement presupposes federation,' replies the astute James, and there the matter ends. _ An eccentrio female genius has invented a. ?' machine to lay a ghost. ' A much more useful conr ?trivance in these days of business stagnation and in dolent hens would be a machine to lay an egg. ' ? The nest time you send delicacies to my wne, lemarked the mendicant, ' I wish you wouldn't eend anymore jam.' 'So?' 'No. Ptease send some jelly.' 'Doesn't your wife like jam i' 'Yes. but 1 don't.' jb. political speaker accused a rival pf ' nnfathom ablie meanness,' and then, rising to the occar sion, said, ' I warn him not to persist in his dis graceful course, or he'll find that two of us can play lit that game!' t The Education Department might pay the people ?who sweep out and clean the public schools betimes. ?One poor woman who does tne needful for a large suburban Bchool has not had any of the Government money for five months. ' ? . ,..._. A meeting of dairymen interested in forming a protective association was held last evening at the jjurrangong Hotel, George-street. As the proceed ings were deemed to be of a private nature, our reporter was asked to reiare. ? Last Saturday Mr. Quong Tart entertained about ibjrty prominent Scottish citizens at Ms residence, Hunting Tower, Waverley. The merry party enjoyed ?Biemselves exceedingly. The host was unremitting in his attentions to his guests. Two boxes of skeletons bearing the Government railway label, from Eohuca, and addressed in Chinese ?characteTl7'w'efe 'found this morning in a piece of waste ground near Petty 's Hotel. Supposed to be -remains of Chinamen en route to their native land. The complaints about the unfairness of the rebate system on the railways are more numerous. From Wagga We«ga goods are carried at the rate of .£20 per truck, w≤ from Cootanrandrathe charge is .£38. The borough souneils are agitating the matter. It is said that the' male wasp does not sting. But as the male and female wasp wear the same kind of polonaise, and look as much alike as twins, the only -way to distinguish their sex is to catch one. If i± stings, it is a- female ; if not, it is a gentleman ''a1* correspondent calls attention to the^incdn venience caused to people going through the Victoria Park on Sunday evenings »y larrikins throwing stones and otherwise annoying those who wish to -take recreation in the park after tea. The property-master of a theatre is usually very ^ingenious, very industrious, and not too highly paid. 'When a live elephant was once brought upon the stage in a piece in Drury Lane Theatre, the property anaster left the house in disgust. 'If I couldnt anake a better elephant than that,' he said, I ishould be jollv well ashamed of myself J' ' The Mansfield Criokot Club Concert, in the Pro testant Hall, last evening, was very successful. There ?was a largeaudience, most of whom were ladies. Miss ?Chapman, and Messrs. Stewart and Walsh were re peatedly encored. Master Frank Walsh, and little Mbs lazzie Walsh received a double encore. The Sproerainme was long, but well arranged. We frequency hear the expression, a bull in a roookery shop-' °n Wednesday afternoon a cow, with her calf walked into the bar of the Swan with Two Necks Hotel, George-street; and, on being turned out, want across Park-street and entered Jflr. Massey's music shop. She is evidently a person of taste, and as no beer could be obtained from Mr. Punch, she tried to jg'et some more intellectual amuse ment on the opposite side of the street. A marriage has beea arranged between Edward D. Hodgson, of Eton Valf, QueensW, .son of Arthur Hodgson; C.M.G., of Clofton, Stratford-on- Avon, and Miss Constable, elfiost daughter of the Kev. John Constable, rector of Marston Bygott, Frome Somersetshire. Miss M. E. Constable, the fourth daughterof the same cleric, is betrothed to Captain J. E. Erskine, B.N., formerly Commodore of the Australian station. , , , Wallsend and Plattsbnrg mu^t ; be tremendously busy places; West Maitiand the bie. At the first *wo places there is nothing worthy of note, and at the other nothing of a very important ; nature is igoing on. This is recorded as ' nesv's &y; a jxew pastle contemporary. „__ „ Thus Judge MTarland onthe Salvation- ^rmy«. K\e plaintiff in a Kiama case had sailed AC- t-aptaui Skinner, and was arrested by the ' Harmy. -tHe ?ued, and got a verdict for £15 and costs*. «o wonder he smiled,' said the Judge, ' whenhe tawa lot of men calline themselves soldiers of Christ, Jn.Tipring about and beating ihemselves on the breast like war TrVKa-ng. It was the greatest tomfoolery imaginable.'* - ' A deputation, consistine of Alderman William Waterhouse, land Messrs. Atchison. ^elly, and Bligh, waited upon Mr. M'Mahon, the Mayor of Vic toria, at his residence, to-day ,-aud presented him with a requisition asking him to stand for election to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Mr. Holter ma.TiTi In reply Mr. M'Mahon thanked the deputa tion for the honor which had been done to him, and (promised if elected to do all in his power to promote ihe interests of the people of the shore. ' ' The first to welcome the Bev. J. A. Dowie to the Interior of the Melbourne Gaol was' Peter CampbelL Peter's first ejaculation was, 'What, you here too, John; yon didn't marry another wife, did you? 'Nt-,'was the reply, 'Bat the Throne of iniquity has i-een established.' 'Oh/, that won't do here my bis other; ' leave the pious till you go out again.' IheBtw. Joha: ' Lord forgive them, for they k»ow not what they do' Petw,* emphatically, * Oh I bunkum. Have you any coin or any weed ? There a therub.*1' Beach's- Consultation,,Birthday Cup, May 25, 1000 jraflworibw 10s each. First horse j8250. Please register iefcters. Address Beach, «are J. Q. Deeble, DeebleV .Hotel, Zing-street. Thankafor patronage. — Advt. ' ? ? .?'??' ?????.' Gerald Muasey on 'The Devfl,*! JEfuBd^y night.— ADTT. . . . :.',.' ?_????___- Girls' reaS^ made dreB8eB,JByery mierirom Ss lid. Wilson's. Deronshire- Btreet.—AivT. ? .„ Gerald Maesey, West's Academy, nert Sunday, at 7p.m.— Advt. j ''?}'.: L A pair of good blankets 5-t' lld,'cood wide flannel 3%d,fashi6nable drassos 7Jd, at?Bitey^, in Orford ?*treet,— Aj-vt. f ; r '' A luxury and health preserver, New Turldah Ba&, Awt. '? ' ^- - ?'??? :$dfi- *?????? '?;?:':? ???????' ??.-?? Tattereall's Consnltation.-3=Qoeen'B . BirtMay Gap. «all,'«afb of G/Adame/T»fter»all'« Hotel, Sydney. 