; QUIPS AND CRANKS.—NO. CXLVI, NURSEBY RHTMES —LITTLE FOLKS TO BETURVED RELATIVES. L F.—Sydney Contijgent — oh, where have you been ? S.C.—We've been to the desert to fight for our Queen. L.F.—Sydney Contingent, and whit did you there 1 S.C.—We marched and we marched all our foes for to scare. L.F.—Sydney Contingent, your foes did you slar ? S.C.—No; had they been there 'twould have been their last day— But they took precious care to keep out of the way. L.F.—fejdney Contingent, and what did you then? S C.—Why, what could we do but to march back again. L.F.—Sydney Contingent, what else have you done ? S.C.—Why. you see the fame, honour, and glory we've won. L.F.—Sydney Contingent, next time we'll go to, If for marching about there is all this ado. (Naughty L.F. march round to the tune of " Fly to the Desert.") M. O. I. THE GHOST AND HIS DOUBLE—BR LIBEA. (Founded on Fact.) If the reader is a Suffolk man he is, of course, well acquainted with the venerable city of Ipswich. And, if he has ever lived in iDSwich, he will surely remember the pretty little village of Millbrook, situated about four and a half miies south-west of the city. It would be difficult to find in the whole county a more quiet, quaint, or romantic spot. The traveller on the high road connecting Ipswich with London, though passing within a furlong of the Millbrook Arms, would scarcely be aware that the village existed, were it not for the tower of the parish Church, which lifts its ivy-crowned bead high above the stately elm3 by which it is surrounded. At the time of which I write—the beginning of the present century—telegraphs, gas, railways, postage stamps, envelopes, lucifer matches, opera-glasses, cartes-de-visite, and scores of other thingB now considered as indispensable adjuncts to civilization were unknown. Set, even the rustics of Millbrook contrived to lead a jovial life, " content to be," with little anxiety for the future, and no restless strivings after nic-nacs, of which they had never heard. It was in the autumn of the year 1811, and about half an hour after sundown, that three men were seated in the snvg little back parlour of the Millbrook Arms, each smoking his yard of clay and occasionally sipping his rummer of hot elder wine. Let us sketch their portraits. " Bobby Bolter."" "Sir !" " Excuse me for calling you by that familiar cognomen, but I do not know you by any other name. You are the village blacksmith. I believe ?" " So do I; and, though I says it as shouldn't a said it, there aint another smithey in all this 'here country as is able to turn out a nag we' two better pairs o' shoes than this here one store yer; and as for" ! "That will do, sir." Tousee, gentle reader, that our friend Bolter is a robust, bull-headed, burly specimen of humanity, with a skin the colour of stewed gooseberries, and a voice like the tones of a bassoon. " Titus Twist, step forward, if you please. What is your occupation, Mr. Twist ?" " I am tailor, haberdasher, postmaster, parish clerk, sexton, hairdresser, dentist, and beadle of the parish, please yer honour." "Any family?' " A wife and eight young twisters, yer worship." " I am afraid, my little man, that you have much difficulty in making both ends meet. At any rate your cadaverous appearance does not flatter you, but I suppose you contrive to cut your coat according to your cloth. And now, Mr. Buckstone Skinner, you .need not tell us that you are, the village butcher. You certainly are a model of a man and a capital walking advertisement of your own wares. What may be your fighting weight, Mr. Skinner?* " I baint a gwain to tell yer nothin' about meself; so there now, mister." "Well, don't disturb yourself. The reader has before him the very man whose portrait Hogarth, in his famous picture of ' Beer Alley,' represented in the act of throwing a Frenchman up in the air with one arm. Mais revenins a nog moutons. Let us resume the narrative." When we entered the little back parlour of the inn our friend Twist was about to relate a ghost story for the fifth or sixth time to thesame audience in the same room. " To-morrow," he said, " I shall be 38 years older than I was when I was born. Last birthday, you know, I saw a real live ghost, as sure and certain as that my name is Titus Twist. Now, you just li3ten to me. I had entered the belfry as usual, you know, jast afore 8, to toll the curfew when I heerd what I thought was a baby acryin' like winkin' inside the Church. So. what did 1 do but unlock the big doors and go in bold as brass. Well, you know, when I got inside I couldn't see nothin' at all, although I bad my lantern in my fist all the time. But when I got back to the belfry and was just agoin' to toll the bell I sees a little youngster astandin' against the wall, astarin' and awinkin' at me with all his might. Well, you know, he had great red eyes and great big teeth and ears a'most as long as my arms, and a face as white as chalk, and no legs at all to speak on ; and then, you know, he began to swell and jump about and grow bigger and bigger and taller and taller till he actually filled a'most the whole btlfry; and then, you know, it busted right up like a bubble, and I couldn't see nothin' of it no more, only a strong smell o' brimstone—I couldn't, really. When the little man had finished, Bolter and Skinner broke out into a terrific horse laugh as if they too had " busted right up." This brought the landlord upon the scene "just to see," as he expressed it, " what was in the wind." Meanwhile the blacksmith and the butcher began to taunt the timid tailor without mercy. Why didn't he draw the goblin's eye teeth ? Why didn't he crack his skull? Why aidn't he shave his head, and put his ears further back ? Why didn't he tap his whisen with his bodkin ? Why didn't he give the young imp a jollv lleatherin' with the bell rope? How much stingo did he carry in his nut when he went to the tower? But the object of their coarse raillery soon left his persecutors on the plea that it was now time to ring the curfew again. After he had left, Bolter and Skinner refilled their pipes, ordered a fresh supply of drinkables, learned from boniface that it was the schoolmaster who, by means of a .magic lantern, conjured up the mysterious goblin tbat had so affrighted T. T. twelve months ago, and then, by certain nods and winks and significant hints, they gave the landlord to understand that it was just possible that some near relative of the goblin would visit the gloomy precincts of the Church tower on the following night. I have said that the village of Millbrook is situated in a quiet sequestered spot. The Church stands upon rising ground about 100 yards above one of the tributaries of the Orwell, over which there is a rustic bridge leading directly to the Churchyard. Our little friend Twist was .quietly " wtnding his weary way," as the novelists express it, over this bridge, laiitern in hand, on the night of his birthday, little dreaming of what awaited him on his arrival at the tower. It was a moonless and starless night, yet unusually warm for the season. The worthy sexton having entered the porch, seated himself on a sidebench to await the striking of the turret clock. All was still as the grave, or if anything could have been heard it was the gentle ripple of " the babbling brook" he had just crossed. At length the great clock asserted its right to be heard, and at the same instant a deep- toned bowl and a hideous bellow saluted the ears of the bellringer, and immediately afterwards two grim and ghostly forms stared him full in the face. Both were gigantic in stature, but one of them was " black as Erebus," the other "white as a sheet." It was, in fact, Bolter the blacksmith and Skinner the butcher. Each had resolved, unknown to the other, to frighten the little tailor out of his seven senses. But, alas I for "the best laid schemes of mice and men" Bolter "strnck terror into the heart" of the butcher, and Skinner filled the heroic soul of the blacksmith " with pangs unfelt before." Both scampered off with wonderful agility, while the little beUringer mounted the steps of the btlfry, and shouted with aU his might, " Run, white divil. or black divil will catch ye." Meanwhile every 'leg m the village began to howl, " making night hideous," the sexton in mistake rang the firebell instead of the curfew, and all the men, women, and children in the village turned out to learn that the butcher's big dog has rescued two human beings from a watery grave. Within a week afterwards the wbereabouts of the butcher and the blacksmith of Millbrook were unknewn. Wife (lo her husband, [who is arranging his papers)—" Wliat have you got here in this parcel? 1 Husband—" They are the dear reminiscences of our wedding tour." Wife—" Oh, you sweet creature ! Pray what kind of reminiscences are they V Husband—"The.v are hotel bills'." Ail Irishman tried to shoot a sparrow witn an old Queen Anne musket. He fired. The bird, with a chirp or two, flew away unconcerned in the foreground, and Pat was swiftly and noisely laid on his spine in the background. Picking himself up and shaking his fist at the bird, he exclaimed " Be jabers, you wouldn't a' chirped if you'd been at this end of the gun." At the station down in Indiana the Lake Shore Company employs a lady ticket agent. She is a good agent, and attends closely to her business, but she is a woman still. The other day a lady traveller stepped up to the ticket window and enquired about a train that was a little late. " Will the train be leng !" she asked, meaning if it would be long in arriving. •• Oh, yes," was the reply of the fail ticket agent, "longer than last season, but without so many ruffles around the edge." The Earl of Lonsdale was so extensive a proprietor and patron of burghs that he returned nine members in every Parliament, who were facetiously called Lord Lonsdale's ninepens. One of the members thus designated having made a very extravagant speech in the House of Commons, was answered by Mr. Burke in a vein of the happiest sarcasm, which elicited from the House long and continued cheers. Mr. Fox, entering the House just as Mr. Burke was sitting down, enquired of Sheridan what the House was cheering. "Oh, nothing of consequence," replied Sheridan; " only Burke has knocked down one of Lord Lonsdale's ninepins." The household was in great tribulation. Jimmy Tuffboy had been indulging at an infrequent Suntlav-school festival. " I hope he is not dangerous, doctor, Do you think so?" said his anxious mother. "No. not dangerous, exactly. He has a slight attack of peanutico bauanaria, with some symptoms of icecreamitis and c&kurium.; I guess he'll pull through." "You bet I will, Doc., old son." said Jimmy, feebly, "There's 'nuther festival over ter the Methodist next week." His mother was so much encouraged that she fed the mustard plaster to him in a spoon and bound a winter-green '' sling' on the most painful portion of his anatomy. A School Board Inspector tells the following story:—The next composition I examined was that of a not particularly intelligent-looking little lad, with a sallow visage and lank, red hair, his daily employment being to assist his widowed mother, who kept a " leaving shop" in the neighbourhood. Master Hoiler hsd taken for his theme the time-honoured axiom, " Cheats never thrive; 'but his treatment of it was remarkable chiefly from the circumstance that he had altogtther mistaken the sense in which it is generally applied. " The way to thrive," wrote the widow's son, "is to make all that you have a chants of making. When you goes to buy a thing, and the man arstes you so much, if »ou do not bate him down then you cheat yourself and so you won't thrive. So the same when j ou want to sell a thing and you do not arst so much as you might get, though perhaps it mite cot be wuth it any one what new, then you will not thrive. It is rong to cheat anybody, but it is very foolish to cheat yourself. If anybody wants to borrow any money on a article you mite cheat yourself if sou lent her more'n 'bont a quarter what she arst, then you might be sure that you have not cheated yourself, and then you will thrive. The way to thrive is to get all the money that ever vou can.—Yours ever trewly, William Augustus Hoiler." Little Nell—Oh, mamma you musn't let the baby lie in the sun." Mamma—" Why not, pet ?' Little Nell—" Taus it'll melt." Mamma—" Melt?" Little Nell—" Yes, mine did." 