THE STORYTELLER WOOING IN ARCADIA. BY ENOCH LOWE. Chapter I. THE SUITORS. The front window of the post-office commands a fine view of a dog-railed fence which encloses a hundred and twenty acres of as good wheat land as can be found in the colony of Victoria. If you run this fence down you come to another, a little more artistic in workmanship, and further on there is another and another, and then on both sides of the road you see them stretching westward, while away back, north and south, there are other fences enclosing more wheat-land, and within every enclosure there stands a cottage, and within every cottage the old mysterious struggle of human life goes on. Enter any door you please, and you see a good deal of what Hesiod saw. If you enter with Hesiod's eyes you will probably see all he saw. That man sitting at the fire of brigalow is troubled with the same cares and cheered with the same joys as was the dweller at the foot of Mount Ida thousands of years ago. It matters little that this man is called Smith, and that the dweller at the foot of Ida bore a name of many musical syllables ; or that Smith talks of political parties under different names, or of spiritual beliefs under different forms, or of civil laws under different titles, or of domestic economies under different rules. These differences separate him from identity with the dweller at Mount Ida, to an extent only a little beyond that of sounds. The one lived on the Scamander, the other lives on the Goulburn. The Scamander fretted its way to the Hellespont, the Goulburn struggles through snags to the Murray. But Smith's sky is very much the same as the old Trojan's. It is every bit as silent to his sorrows, and every bit as deaf to his prayers ; every bit as wistfully scanned for help, and every bit as solemnly trusted. The chambers of Smith's heart are as crowded as were those of the dweller at Mount Ida. Dead loves walk there. The ghosts of dead hopes wander and weep, the footfalls of living hopes are frequent, and the echoes of their chattering travel up to his brain. Smith, too, feels he knows a deal of the universe. Its wonders are about him, and press down upon him, cover him among his yellow grain, dazzle him from the east and daze him from the west, just as they used to do at the foot of Mount Ida, when the man of the musical syllables looked upwards to find Zeus and seawards to find the goddess that made Zeus propitious. Smith, too, does as the man of the musical syllables did, on the whole—cuts his grain and garners it, trucks it and sells it, begins his loves and ends them, christens his children and buries them, hopes and despairs, prays and swears, weeps and laughs, and, at last, goes away, believing that, somehow, somewhere, all things will be right, and is not heard of any more for ever. There was some substitute for the post office in Hesiod's day, you may be sure, but in our village it would be hard to think of anything that could properly take its place. It is but a small weatherboard house, with an apartment about the size of a squirrel's cage for doing postal business in. The business is very small, and the payment less, and and since Pierce Nagle died, his widow has been allowed to discharge one and take the other. This does not occupy all her time, and, consequently, she dignifies an end of the building with the name of store, and vends, at a moderate advance on original prices, a few of the commodities which the scattered population require. At the time of which we write, the post office possessed an equally attractive feature. The building still stands. Mrs. Nagle still vends commodities, and pockets the small state allowance, people call in from time to time, but the specially attractive feature has disappeared. This was Jinny - Miss Jinny Nagle. She was eighteen years old at this transition period and she was bright, rosy, and light-hearted. It is a pity that, in Australia, we cannot say an industrious, happy souled, bright-eyed girl rises in the morning with the lark. That association has about it great natural fitness, and fulfils accurately all the poetic properties. But not having a lark, the young lady in the Australian hush must rise with anything that can be found. The kingfisher is an unwieldy bird for descriptive purposes, and the familiar nickname, which some enemy to his ornamental usefulness has fitted on to him, must forever get him expelled from pathetic literature. Then there is hardly anything left to draw upon but the poultry-yard. However, Miss Nagle was an early and a cheerful riser. She sang as she tripped over the dewy grass to the yard in which the cow stood. She prepared breakfast for her mother, set the house in order, and before 8 o'clock had her horse saddled, and was ready to ride off to Mount Cooper, where there was a public school in which she performed the duties of second year pupil teacher. At six o'clock in the evening she was home again, still cheerful and happy, and between her books and household duties the night went past. From six o'clock until bedtime became the period of romance in our village. Although the Government allowed but one mail in the week, visitors came almost every night to inquire about letters. Sometimes, of course, they had some small things to buy, but they generally introduced themselves to the cottage as in quest of literature. Mrs. Nagle was genial, and on the best of terms with her rustic acquaintances, and the business generally glided into a friendly interchange of news. Robert Joyce called regularly every second night. He was the owner of 140 acres down the river, and had been a widower for the last seven or eight years. He was between fifty and sixty years of age, was steady, comfortable, and reputed as a man of sound and vigorous intelligence. His mind had a statistical basis. With considerable labour he had collected figures to support almost all the opinions he entertained. Luke Doyle was also a frequent visitor. He was the owner of three farms, which he had latterly cast into one, and, with the help of two permanent hands, was working out splendid agricultural results. The first of the three farms he had taken up when a young man. and the other two came to him through his wives. He had buried two wives now, but was still hale and hearty, and talked of the fine prospects before him with the enthusiasm of a man beginning life. George Henderson, the third of the frequent visitors, was a young man of barely twenty-five, who worked almost three miles off on his father's homestead. He was a quiet, bashful, harmless looking youth, with reddish hair and whiskers, and with hardly a word to say. He would shamble into the sitting room, blushing all over, and would shake Mrs. Nagle's hand all night if she did not draw it away. Seldom, however, would he touch the hand of Miss Nagle. but he would look at it and redden like the setting sun. The fourth visitor, who often found his way to the post-office for letters or something, was Tom Farmer, the poet. Tom was a man of middle age and middle size, getting a bit grizzly, and able to make a living by keeping books, and writing letters for one and another in the village. Some years before he had induced a country editor to print several poems of his on such subjects as the " Expulsion of Adam from the Garden of Eden," and "The Battle of Waterloo," and " An Ode to the Moon ;" and in the glory achieved by these luminous effusions he had walked ever since. Tom was far from admitting that the glory, brilliant and abundant as it was, compensated him in full for his labour, but, as he used to say, if a man is not willing to work for love in Australia the noblest pursuits of the soul will have to be sternly abandoned. The intelligent reader interested in our village does not require to be told how things disposed themselves when of a night these four Arcadian worthies found themselves under the roof of the post-office. They were, as a rule, tolerant of each other. They were always respectful towards Mrs. Nagle, and always, whenever the young lady came into the room, most deferential to Miss Nagle. 