Mick Doonan's Christmas. A Q-host Stoby. Written for Figaro. The subject of my present yarn (spirits) is not the forminted article, but the spiritual one—the ghost, if-ye trish it school-boy fashion; an* it is an authsntic re minisence of me own of a Christmas Eve which I once spint (unknowingly, ye can bet yer bottom dollar) in a haunted humpy on old Parkrr's t&ttle; station. That Christmas Eve was a soorcher a# oo jnistake. Mirages everywhere but the diril a drop i&fvrtbter;, an* the 30 odd miles which I travelled that qfcy, from Charley's creek, is as plain before me now as that sheet of bark wid the liquor on it. There wasn't a blade of green grass to be seen on the whole journey; nothin but parched an'barren flats choke full of spinnefex, wid blake, hungry lookin' ridges between—quite as hungry lookin' as I was feelin' at the time, for I was wallabyin' an' as hard-up as a charity Bermon preached in the middle of Lent. The scarcity of grass dida't trouble me much, for I wasn't a Nebuchadnezzar, though a sun-downer should be if he intends to follow that sort of life; but the want of water fairly brought tears to me eyes an' whin Mick Doonan blubbers, as he did once afterwards^ on the Palmer, over three dead mates speared by the nig gers, his position, to use a medical expression, is critical in the extreme. However, towards evening, great masses of clouds came rollin' up from the East, an', whin straight above me head, began, in soldier fashion, to take up positions for a oomiu' battle. The little clouds, skirmishers like, kept well in front of the big ones; whilst others, aidey cong fashion, kept scuddin* about giving orders and directions to the rest. I didn't mind bein' a spectator, but preferred to be so from some sort of shilter, for the broad canopy of Heaven, although sound an' strong, an* purty, at most times, is poor protection from a thunder-storm. Al though the p«ngs of thirst were almost beyond me strength of endurance, I put me best leg foremost, in hopes that I would drop promiskis like upon a hut or habitation of some sort wherein I might find the necegtaw shelter from a North Mitchell buster. An old Saw says:—Never beatyerself at walkin','* which means, I suppose, that ye must never let yer legs travel one way an' yer mibd another at the same j time, an advice* which I had the ill-luck to forget just I then; for, 'while x&e; brain was rumiuatin' on the past, an' j drafting life-like pictures of the pals and sweethearts of j an earlier and brighter period of me existance, me legs had wandered away from the main road, an' I suddenly found meself upon an almost imperceptible cattle track, without the ghost of an idea as to how I got there or for what length of time I had been followin' it in me sentimental musings. To poke about in quest of knowledge was the best I could do under the circum stances ; an', wid the sinkin' of the sun, an' the first »growl of the thunder, I spotted a deserted hut; but the waterhole on the bank of which it stood, was dry, an' half full of the bleeched boneB of sheep an' cattle which had perished in it many months before. . It wasn't long before the" storm broke,-an', be the same token, the hut wasn't long aither—not more then ten feet—and fit was broken, too, for ye could ride a buck-jumper through the bark roof, the door, and the windys, widhout bein' asked to make good the damage by any Court of Law in Queensland. .1 selected the most sheltered corner of the establishment, an', after spreading me blankets, felt more contint wid the ways of Providence, for I knew there would be water enough an* to Spare in a very short space of time. . There was naither fraud nor humbug abont that storm. 'Twas the genuine article—composed of the strongest foorces that Nature knew of, an' wid a grand new patent of ifs own. , Just such a one as we read of in books, but seldom or never see. The world an' all the elements seemed crammed for two long hours into a sixteen perch allotment, wid mesel, the last of the human species, stuck in the middle—like playing of the thunder, the lightnin' an' the rain. 7 - I was washed as elane afe a Turkish bath could do it, widout any exertion on my part; or the laist expendi ture in the way of soap; an.', when I wanted a drink, all I..had to dp was to open ine mouth on' look par ticularly lively about closin it again, last I got turned inside out wid the foorce ; of the current passin' down. Them two hours was worth more than a fifty-power parson a.n' a dobbin-load of tracts to me, for I prayed more in that period than I had ever prayed in my life | before, or ever hope to again, except I hare a long ] sickness before me lamp of life goes out, in which case i I may pray or perish, providing somebody keeps the tucker going. . ; \- When the stormhad fairly played itself out, I rolled j myself tightly in the damp blankets—extinguished the candle, an'was soon-in the realms of Mofpheus. I couldn't have slept long;! maybe I hadn't enjoyed a wink, for there is a donbt in me mind to tHis^fey aooiit that.particular item of the programme; but,*ln either case, all of o sudden, I got ,a slap in the face-^nothin' to hurt, but sufficiently hard to make me sensible of ft#o things. First, that I was awake and not dreamin*; and, secondly, that it was a human hand that had ad ministered fhe blow. I peered through the darkness—• looked up and around wid tears laid well back, to catoh the faintest, sound. £ couldn't look lower, for I was stretched on terra firms itself, or, no doubt, me eyes would have wandered that way too, but the divil a hayporth could I aither hear or see inside them four slab walls. Outside, the croakin' of the frogs, the chirpin' of the crickets, tiie sighin' of the night-winds through the tops of the tall blue-gums below me on the flats—even the little pat-pat of the rain drops, as they .fell upon the pebbles from the decayin' bark, above me head, came separately yet distinctly to me ear; while, through the fissures in the roof* the stars were, peepin* in uponme— from all of which circumstances I raisoned that Mick Doonan was naither blind nor deaf, an' that if any thing mortal wA in the appartment, he was just the lad to spot it.. I reached .out for the candle an' me match-box, to get that sort of enlightment at laist; an', just as I struck the match on the . box, down came a thin white hand through the darkness, an', before the brimstone j had time to properly flare up, that lucifer was squashed in me fingers. Beyond the fact of seein', I felt tnat un earthly hand strike mine—felt a shiver pass through me bones as if I had been suddenly struck by the reyolvin' fly-wheel of a refrigeratin' engine; but the light was too faint and short-lived for me to discover from what source that hand came, or whether there was anything behind it or not. I was naither flurried nor frightened, but as cool as a eowcumber, to use a gardener's expres sion. Pbssibly, I was a trifle white in the face, but, barrin that, an' a sudden determination on the part of me hair to stand on its dignity, I felt naither dread nor -trepidation: so, castin'the blanket on one side, I faced squarely round, an', whilegettin' another match; ready, said:-- - •. ) "Hold hard, mate; give me time to get a light, an' I'll help ye if I can;" or words mainin' identically the same tning. Again did that white hand descend through the darkness, but wid increased foorce, knockin' me own hand down powerless like, an' squashin' the light as before. I saw the fingers a* plainly, as Isee me own now—long, white, an' spare, lite those of a corpse, but nothin* more. I had never much faith in me own pluck till that night; if I surprised the ghost in the fust puson, I am supernaturally certain that I surprised meaelf in the second, for I was all dull wid the smallest particle of cur imaginable. My third venture at match-iightin' was successful. I lit the candle with1 avidity, but noticed that me hand shook: a~ trifle, although I hadn't tasted grog for three bloomin' months j besides, I fancied that there was a grim, ghastly-lookin' face close to mine for a minute or two—-a female's face,with great, bloodshot eyesandsunjtep^ which was an ugly scar as long:a,B a^ipe- stem. Shakin' off these fancies, or. supposed fancies, I faced ^boldly about, with the candle gripped tightly in me left hand. I was on me pins that time, wid me feet firmly planted on the cowld, wet ground, an* a huge sign of the cross six inche#m fronib of me' nose an' between me an' harm, but—-nothing was visible. I asked lots of questions which sounaed queer in that lonely place, but the divil an answer was'vouchsafed me. I carefully examined the hut both inside an' out, but discovered libthiii- with theexception of some flies on a slab near roe bunk,which I slaugh tered leBt ihere should be anything consaled beneath them. 'Twas about .midnight by the look of the Southern Cross when I turned under the blankets again, but sleep wasout of the/question. I kept the candle turnin' all niglit ' in anticipation of another visit frotn that phantom or spectre, but nothing beyond me own fancies came to annoy me. With the first glimmer of a new day—a! Christmas day, too— I vamoosed that ranch at the1 double-quick, an' bearin1 easterly-—in which direction I had been travelling or some days previous—soon hit on to the maih road which I had lost'the previous evenin', an', by nobn that day, after 'a forced march, I reached Dick Gallagher's pub in safely, an' in time for the Christmas dinner. 5 " Where did ye camp last night P" queried Dick. " Why, in ariold but about two miles off the road about ten from here," I answered, an' at the same time resolvin' to keep the ghost story a sacret widin me own bosom. J" Did anything annoy ye durih' tlie night ?" persisted the old cuss, as he filled me glass to the brim, scrutinisin' mo the while over his spectacles. "The divil a thing, Dick," said I, "barrin' the storm an' ail empty stomach. Why ?" " Only thi8," waSithe.reply j "That that hut has a very bad* name. jOld Tobin and his wife, who were shepherdin* forTPkrker some nine or ten years ago, lived there an' yr&re; murdered by the blacks one Christmas Eve, an' 'tia said that every year,, on this particular day, Mrs. Tobin visits the humpy, has a scoot round: like, to see how things are goin' 6n. I helped to bury her nie4elf, poor woman, an' she had a tomahawk , gash in her faceas long as yer finger." 1 r 