* The Luck of Literature. •The ieal-story of Artemus Ward's debut into prominence is this : Thbre was in 1860 'a comic paper printed in tliis'city by'twvo brothers, Stephens; called IJastty'Fair, which blazed - ip brilliantly for a 'ivhile iinder literary and aitistic 'geniius, but finally flickered and was likely to efpire. The editorship. Was 'affered to 'nie, blit I saw plainly that I coduld do ndthing 'ith 'it. I said: "There are only two men in this country who can do you any'good. One'isJohn G. Saxe and the'other Artemus Ward." At thadt time I believed this to be his real name. "Saxe you can't have, for he is'about torun for governor of Vermont, so you'd better get hold of Mr. Ward as quickly' as you can." : My advice was heeded, and'I was asked if I would writesto Asteinus and learn his views. I did so, to Cleveland, Ohio, and made him the distinct offer of coming to New York on a salary of 30 dols. per week and an increase on the success of the'paper. He was prompt, arriving in New York al. most as soon as his letter of acceptance. He afterwards told me that lie was getting but 1i dols. per week on the Plaindealer, and as sumed the editorial chair of Vani/y Fair; but salt could not save the paper, notwith standing its genuine merit. The American public does not want refined wit, thiough since that time they have been partially educated to it. They want broad humor an~ personal allusion. Punch never did 'sell in this country, and if we want anything out side of a daily paper, it muost be cheap and a great deal of it. Witness :our so called literary papers-eight large pasge-running six continued stories for five cents. As VanityrFairwsas sure togododwn,Aitemus was very despondent. What should he do? One day, Waking up Broadway, I said to him : "Charley, why don't you lecture?" Lecture ! Why, the idea was absurd. He could write, but he could not talk ; he was not able'to get 'up and say ten lines on an emergency. I soon talked him out of that by telling him that he could read his lecture or commit it to memory. That point settled, now what should be his subject? At that time the canard of the Twenty-second street gliost was in full blast, and I suggested ghosts as a subject, knowing that whatever lie wrote he would make it funny, and before we parted it was agreed that he should write what he could on this subject, and on the next evening come down to Praff's, the noted Bohemian resort on Broadway, above Bleecker street. and read it to the party that assembled there every night. This programme was carried out and Arte mus duly appeared with what he called "A Lecture About Ghosts," and read it amid aproarious approval, the main fun of which was that there was not a word in it about ghosts, and it was settled on all sides that it must be brought before the public But how ? There was an actor and occasional manager, at that, time playing general utility at Wallack's theatre, the eldler of the name on Broadway, near Broome street, whose name was De \Valden. I went to De Walden, whom I knew, and talked Artemus to him. He saw it, and an introduction ensued. De Walden worked assiduously, and the entire press helped him. Everybodly was the friend of Artemus, for a more genial, jovial, liberal man did not live. Alas ! for. himself, De Walden took Niblo's saloon, now the dining room of thlie Metropolitan, for one night, with the privilege of six. They ran the six nights, crammed to the doors, and-I doubt if ever iudiences laughed -before or since as they laughed that week. The financial result to Artemus was 1,280 dols., and Artemus was jubilant. Fronm that hour his course was uninterrupted success, and lecture after lecture followed, each one greater than the preceding, and fortune flowed into the pockets of Artemus. 