j ACOBI'S WIFE. BY ADELINE' SERGEANT. AXJXIIOK OF " 1IEH WOllX IN LIFE," *' BEYOJ^ 11K0AIL : A STOKY OF TIIK EGVPTIAX "WAR," ETC.j ETC. [All Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER II.—At tjii: CottA<(f, Joan camc back ill a quarter of an hour with a bag in one hantl and a bundle in another. Reuben Darenth followed her with & dan of milk in his hand. He at least did not disapprove of hor going. When Geoffrey dropped a word, half of astonishment, half of dissatisfaction, the old farmer shook his head rebukingly. "Neighbours must bo neighbourly," he said. "Joan's set her heart 011 going." "It's the right thing to do," said Joan, tritli a clear, bright look upon her brown handsome face, as if she had just seen the way out of a difficulty. '' Are jtixi going fo' walk up with me, Luke ? You may come as far as the garden gate. Good-bye, father." And then she kissed him on both cheeks. " Msrtha will attend to the dairy till I come back again." "I must be gotting home," said the doctor. "Now, Joan, listen to mo." He drew her aside and gave her a few short directions, to which she listened respectfully. "And don't toll them that it's God's will that they should all tako the fever," he concluded. Then to Geoffrey. "Are you coining my way?" " No," said Geoffrey. " I shall walk up tho road with Luke, I think." " With Luke and Joan? All right. Take caro of yourself. Shall I tell your father I've seen you ?" "Certainly," Geoffrey answered, with the cool haughtiness which was natural to him When lie was annoyed: " He will probably bo very grateful to you for tho information." Then he turned to Joan, and walked away from the doctor, who throw a laughing fare well behind him as tho wliito horse trotted down tho lane. tl Joan," Geoffrey soized the opportunity of saying in her ear, "you have not let me speak to you yet." " It is too late," sho answered promptly. " You must not come near mo while I am at the cottage. 1 shall see 110 one." " For how long ?" " Six weeks, I should think." "Joan, I don't know whether you are more cruel or more absurd." And then Luko stepped between them. But Geoffrey found a moment in which to say, with more insistance— " I must speak to you to-night or to-rnor row morning. 1 shall wait." No answer was possible. The cottage to which they were going was situated three-quarters of a mile distant from the Darenths' farm. It stood apart from the village, and, although other dwellings were really within a stone's throw, thero were none in sight. A turn in the road and a few feet of rising ground on either sido the road effectually screened it from all observation. In front there was a small gar den with a tangled hedge and green gate. The placo was oppressively shut in. A stag nant pool at ono corner of the garden, be neath an overhanging willow tree, accounted perhaps for its proverbial unhealthiness. On ordinary occasions tho house and gar .den presented a very quiet and secluded ap pearance. It would have been easy to imagino that this roadside cottage was far removed from any other human habitation. It was the loneliest dwelling-place in the vil lage of Charnwood. But on this especiftl evening, when Joan and Captain Vanborough and Luke reached tho little green gate, the garden was overrun with visitors. Several children were playing in tho road, a man was smoking his pipe at the gate, threo women loitored on tlie path, and Voices issued from tho interior of tho house. " Are they mad ?" said Geoffrey, in a lon tone, as ho advanced. Joan, to whom ho had spokon, looked at .him for a moment, uncomphrohendingly ; then'a new and startled light camo into her eyes. "Is it so bad as that?" sho murmured, slowly. " What's wrong ?" Luko asked of ono of the women, as the three paused at tho gardon gate. " Eh, poor soul, the little boy's just dead ; and the baby's been in a fit," was the answer, wliilo tho other women pressed near to add their testimony to the talo, "MarySpence is just beginning of tho fever herself, and her husband's lit to go out of his mind about the littlo boy." " Yes," said another, in mysterious tones, "but you know that Howden, the under taker, said there was sure to be another death in the house afore long, when ho measured Janey Spcnce last spring." " Why ?" said Geoffrey, who was still wait ing at tllo gate with Luke. The woman turned and curtsied. She had not noticed him before. " Tho body was so limp, sir. When it don't stiffen there's sure to be another death in tho same house aforo tho year runs out." " And moro," said tho first speaker,- " the clock struck wiiile we was singing tho hymn i' church o' Sunday morning ; a suro sign 0' death, as everybody knows." Geoffroy smiled a little at these local superstitions, very common in that part of tho country, but mado no romark. Joan had entered tho house, whither he would have fol lowed her if he could havo done any good, and if she would have allowed liim to do so ; but sho had so decidedly shut the gate upon him that ho had not ventured to open it. He could see her for a few minutes in3ido the cottage, talking with somo of the women who occupied it. Presently sho camo out and stood 011 the doorstop. " Neighbours," she said, so clearly that her words wero heard by every person pre sent, " you would bo doing a kindness if you would all go home directly." The scone was impressed upon Geoffrey Vanborough's memory for many a long year. By this time the sun had sunk below tho hori zon, and though tho westorn sky was still golden with its light, a peculiar hush, as of coming night, had settled down upon the lonely road. Tho cottage, shadowed by the rising ground behind it, looked dark and cheerless ; the groups of visitors in the gar den had been suddenly silenced at the sound of Joan's voico. She herself was the most distinct figure of all, for, as she stood in the doorway, her height and stateliness were ac centuated by tho background of red-brick wall against which sho leaned; and her strongly-marked, handsome faco seemed in its unusual whiteness to havo caught a gleam of light from tho dying day. Everyone waited, thinking She had moro to say ; but sho was silent still. And then a woman be gan to grumblo. " We ain't doing no harm. I ain't a-going home till I know how the baby does, 110 more ain't any of us unless we choose." " The baby is better/' said Joan lirmly. ""You can do no good to Mary Spenco by stopping liore ; and you're only putting your selves in danger. Doctor Ambrose's orders are that nobody should enter this house but those whose business it is to nurso the sick. That is my business now. I'm going to nurse Mary Spenco, and you aro all going home." ' " You wasn't always so ready to take the doctor's orders, Joan Darenth," said a voice from the garden. " If I was an ignorant fool," said Joan, with one of her sudden outbreaks into sharp ness, " is that any reason why I should bo one all my life Then her voice softened into passionate tenderness. "Dear frionds and neighbours, if I'vo ever been of any use to you—and there's not one of you with whom I wouldn't be ready to share my last, crust and my last shilling, and not one of you too that wouldn't be ready to do mo a friendly turn if the time camo for me to want it—do for God's sake have mercy 011 yourselves and your children, as well as on tho poor folks inside who want to be left alone with their dead, and go quietly away to your homes, for you put your own flesh and blood in dan ger by coming here, where the very air may be full of death for aught I know. The doc tor is a wise man, and it would be well if we did a3 he bade us." 'Vbero was a- silence,- and tiitfi sv mur mur. " The doctor's ri-hard man," said a woman's voice. "Ho tolls sonic" rA us it's our fault wlien God takes oar children." " And it is your own fault," said Joan, with a fury of scorn and impatience in her voice. "It is' your own fault when you bring the children infc" danger, and won't trouble to drag tiiem out of if. Go, I say, this moment! Have you no sense, Jx> dc i rency, no fear even ! Walk out of the gate every o!>o of you, and don't come back. Luke, open the' gwte.-" Luko Darenth diu fis ho was told. With a swift, imperious gesture of her riglit hand Joan dismissed the company. Sot one re plied or resisted. Cov.-ed by her tonics the women slunk away towards the village hold ing the children by the hands. Out of sight they grumbled and r'oTile'd her, called her foul names—for some of tho'irf were women of the baser sort—and declared tfcfti thoy would not now lift a finger to help her wer?' alto begging at their door. Joan Darenth Was unpopular at Chamwood from that night. When all wore gone but Geoffrey and Luke, Joan came down from the stops as from a pedestal, her nrmsjianging wearily by her side. " Wa31 too angry with them?" she said, with her eyes full of tears. "Poor souls, I should not be so angry if I did not love them so much ! But what are you two doing hore ? Give me my bag and bundle and make haste away ; you have not so much right here as the villago women ! Thank you Luke ; thank you sir, and good bye.." "Joan !" Captain Yanborough called after her ; but sho was gone. He turned upon Luke almost savagely. " Why can't you stop her? Why do you let her go into that infected hole ? Luko stared, looked up and down as if searching for an answer in earth and sky, and finding nono.~ At length ho said rue fully enough— "It do seoin as though she found it [to be her dooty." And with this answer he.was satisfied, if Geoffrey iVas not. Joan went into the cottage and shut the door. There were many things to be done, but she was ready for her work. The pretty little boy of five years old had died, not half an hour ago, after a few hours' illness only, of the most malignant form of scarlet fever, and her first task was to lay the child quietly out of its mother's sight, then to straighten the cold limbs and cover the childish face. Scarcely any qualm of natural fear disturbed Joan at her work. She was already used to the sight of death. The sick and the dying at Charnwood always sent for Joan. The baby was sleeping quietly, the father was soothed iiito lying down upon a low truckle bed, while Joan attended to the mother. Mrs. Spqnce was in a stupid, half conscious state. As Doctor Ambrose had said, it was likely that hers would be a ■ bad case. There was another child living, a litttle girl about nine, -who seemed so far to be perfectly well.s Through the silent hours of night Joan watched and waited by tho sick woman's bed. Sometimes tho baby woke and had to be fed and hushed to sleep ; sometimes the patient uttered incoherent words, and hoarse, de lirious cries. When these were silent the house was still as death, and the hours seemed long. At last a sleepy bird chirped outside the window. He was answered at a short inter val by another. Then a third woke up, twittered a little and was silent, and twit tered again. Then there was a pause, and in the distance a cock crew. This seemed to bo the signal for a sudden outburst of vocal life. The martens in the eaves, the thrushes in the garden, tho blackbird that had built his nest within the willow-stump, all broko out into melodious song. Joan heard the starlings flutter and tweet to themselves in the chimney; two wood-pigeons cooed to gether upon the roof. Drawing aside tho curtain she saw the indescribable change that, precedes tho dawn of' day passing over tho groyness of the sky, and presently a flash of rose-colour floatod up from oast to west and north and south. Littie by little it deepened into crimson, and the light of day grew clearer, till all tho sky was suffused with a golden glow. It was four o'clock in tho morning of a brilliant summer day. John Sponce stole timidly into tho room, and begged to bo allowed to sit besido his wife awhile. Joan granted his roquest; it was impossible now to guard him from the danger of infcciion, rather ho must share with her tho labour of nursing his wife and perhaps his cliild. "Sit quiet, then," she said, soothingly, " while I go downstairs and look after the fire and make some tea. If baby cries, or if Mary wants mo and I do not hear, you must call mo." She left him and went into tho kitchen. There it occurred to her that tho water used for drinking purposes had all to bo fetched from a stream at a few yards distance from the house. She would take a pail and get some before any of the village folk woro likely to be up. And thus sho would also get a breath of fresh air, for which sho had pined in vain in the stuffy little bedroom of the Spences' co'ttago. She turned to the right as sho left tho garden gato, and made her way up the road for a fow yards. Here sho gained a sharp curve, where, from a continuation of tho ridge that overshadowed the Spences' cottage, a little stream fell fresh and clear'into a natural basin, which it filled, and thence trickled away down the hill and was lost in tho sandier soil below. From the side, of this tiny waterfall sho had a view of wide fields and parkland, which lay below her like a map in tho light of tho rising sun. The villago in the hollow behind tho ridge was completely out of sight, and in the gently - curving plain below, one building only could be seen—ono rising from amidst a group of fir-trees, with gleam of water at its foot—one that Joan Darenth knew well and had re verenced from her childhood, for it was Geoffrey Vanbnrough's homo. She looked at it with tho firm setting of her lips which with her told of some repres sion of emotion. She had filled her pa.il with water, and held it in her strong right hand ; her left was poised lightly upon her hips. Her hair had become partially loosened, and fell in a rich dark stream below her waist; her face 'was grave, but it betrayed very little weariness, in spite of her night of wateh ing. She turned at last to go, but was suddenly confronted by tho figure of a man, who seemed to have started out of tho earth at her very feet. It was Captain Yanborough himself. She recoiled as if she had seen a ghost. "Don't coinc near mo," she said. "How wicked it is of you to expose yourself to danger in this way ! Don't you know where I have spent the night ?" " I know," he answered quietly. " And I liavo lain here or watched your window ever since I left the cottage gate. I told you I must got speech of you before I went away." Sho did not pause to reply. . Avoiding him sho walked swiftly and steadily down the road, with a look of displeasure upon her noble face which ho was quick to note. "You think I am a fool, Joan. Well, suppose I am, at least you can answer tho fool according to his folly. Can you never understand that your coldness, your careless ness, is driving me mad ? Why should you bo so hard on me, and why should you trifle with me 1 I will not say that I must have an answer ; but I beg of you, I entreat of you, to give mo one." His usual gentle indifference of manner had entirely left him. His face was pale beneath its shadowing brown hair, his eyes had a worn expression. Passion and unrest had told upon him more than toil and watch ing upon her. Sho walked on quickly. Her face was rigidly severe. "lhave been sitting all night with the dying and the doad," she responded. " You may be sure I shall not trifle with you now. I never have trilled with you. I have given you an answer half-a-dozen times. You could not have chosen a more unfit moment than this for speaking to mo. No, don't touch me, don't como nearer. Do mo this one great i kindness, sir, go array, for pity's sake, and let mo never see your face again." They liad reached the cottage. Sho entered tlie garden and closed the gate upon him, then rough t sight of his faee, and per haps for a moment relented. Don't look like that/' she said, suddenly turning as pale as Geotj'ruy himself ; ''don't try !c make me think .1 an! hurting you. Oh, how wren;? it is of me to talk to you here at all! But, at r.ny rate, you cannot believe I would trifle with you now '? You know that I ::m speaking in solemn earnest when I ask von to go—to Jet me alone—never, never to speak to me <~ga;u." " But I cannot go," said Geoffrey, insis tently. "I will not go without another word, although I do not know how to toll you half of what I feel. No woman has ever been to me what you could bo. 1 should bo so much a better man. Joan—and surely that will we/gh with yon—if you would but be my wife." "You are wrong ; yon would be no better,1' S11C' said abruptly. " No, I am not a fit wife for you. You are a gentleman ; I am not a lady." " You are the grandest woman I have ever known," said Geoffrey, looking straight into her eyes, "and therefore you ought to bo ribove giving me so paltry a reason." Sho changed color. The shaft had gono home. " It is a paltry reason," she said, dropping Mir eye-lids,1'and it is not the true one." Involuntarily he drew nearer the gate, but she stepped back and shook her head. "It is not," she said, " just because you aro of gentle blood, and I am not ; not because your father, and ycur brother, and Jliss Clarice would look down oiz me ; not because nil the world would be against us ; but be cause I could not bear to be the wife of a man whom I did not think the best and wisest man alive- I have heard of your life, and I think the very ease and comfort—tho waste of it all—would kill me." " Is that all 1" said Geoffrey. Don't you know that I would order my life as you bade me I For your sake I could do anything." " That is not all. I might bo killed and not grumble. But I should not satisfy you ; I should make you unhappy, and you—you would tire of me." " Tire of you ? Does one tire of sunlight? Joan, these reasons of yours are llimsy things. Can you not love me, dear, in spite of them all 7 Speak the truth, and I will abide by it." She looked at him steadfastly. " You will abide by it, will you ?" she said, in a very low voice. " I am glad of that. Well, then, listen. Geoffrey Vanborough, I do not lovo you, and I will not be your wife." " Joan—is that the truth ?" ho cried. Sho gave him a strange look. There was desperation in her eyes. "It is so true," sho said, "that, if you will not take this answer oucefor all, if ever you come near me again—I shall be forced to leavo my father's house and earn my living among strangers as a servant. Do you wish to drive mo to that ?" A red flush had mounted to his forehead. "No," ho said vehemently, "not for the world!" Then ho spoke in a gentler tone. "Pardon mo, Joan, I did not understand be fore. I will not trouble you again." • He raised his hat with ceremonious respect, and turned away. She had gained her point at last. He stood forone moment on the road, as if to collect his scattered thoughts. Then he took the way to Charnwood, and never once looked back. He had got his dismissal and ho took it like a man. As for Joan, she carried her pail of water into the house, and set it down with a weary sigh. "It's done now," sho said aloud. But her throat began to throb and swell so painfully that she was forced to tear with with both hands at the neck of her gown to relieve herself from the sensation of chok ing. Her lips and cheeks turned whito with the effort she made to strangle the passionate sobs with which for a minute or two her bosom heaved. Iler eyes swam with ! burning tears. " Not love you i" she murmured to herself, "Oh, my darling, my darling, as if I would not give my life for yours ! God forgivo mo for tho lie that I have told !" A faint cry from tho upper room restored her to herself. The baby .vas awake. And for the 1'est of the day she had no leisure to brood upon her own troubles or upon the mode of Geoffrey Vanborough's departure. (To be continue'!.) 