ITEMS O? NE"V7S. The Royal Mail steamer Ballarat, with Eng lish news to 17th April, arrived in the Bay shortly after 11 o'clock yesterday morning. The man who was found iii an insensible con- dition on the Daylesford line, near Trentliain, and taken to Kvneton Hospital, never recovered consciousness, but expired on Friday morning. His name was David Graham, a native of Lou don. The boards of the Theatre Royal will be occupied on Friday Sod Saturday nights by Mr John Sheridan,! the young Irish comedian, who will be supported by a selected- coih'edy com- pauy. " F.nn on the Bristol" is the piece that will be produced. ' There were a large number of excursionists travelling by rail yesterday, but not so many as at Christmas or Easter-tiuie.' The majority travelled in the direction of the metropolis, so as to witness the Military Review at Albert Park. The trains to Ballarat and Sandhurst were also comfortably filled. A handsome electro-plated tea arid coffee ser vice, with tray, valued at twenty guineas, is on view in the window of Mr Ure. It is what is termed the lesthetic pattern, which . resembles much in form fashionable services, with an addi tion of ornamentation and with extra heavy handles. It is the gift of the vice-presidents of the Sandhurst, Maldon and Bariogliup Coursing Club, and is to be the first prize for the Puppy Stakes to be run for to-morrow. It was selected from the stock of Messrs Joseph and Co., of Sandhurst. Cable news this morning notifies the arrival of Colonel Stewart at Herat, "where the 'Inhabitants warmly welcomed him. Colonel Ridge way, the successor of Sir Peter Lumsden, arid the officers of the Boundary Commission have gone into summer quarters to the porih of Herat. The British Admiralty have formed a new fleet of 15 irouclads, which will be under the supreriio com mand of Admiral Hornby, K.C.B., a proceeding which is not calculated to increase belief in the pacific assurances of the last few days ; but lather tends to show that while England is will ing to remain at peace she is none the less pre paring for an alternative. Air J. J. T. Noland, who recently invented a safety cage, has since turned his thoughts to an other invention of a simpler kind, but which may enter more largely into use. This is a tool for carpenters, which will be found useful by them in laying boards for tho ceiling and floor. It is a floor and ceiling lever clamp, for prizing the boards together, so as to muko close joints, ; and which operates in reducing labour. Its; retail price will be about 30s, and as Mr Noland; calculates that it will save each man who uses it 2s Gd a day, it will soon repay the outlay on its purchase. He has had it patented, and is hay- ! ing it introduced to the notice of carpenters in Melbourne. A correspondent writes: — "The habit of. people allowing their cattle to wander and graze on the public roads, and trespass upon their., neighbors, is it eeems preventible, as the law does, not allow it, at least in Newsteadsbire. A cattle owner near Strangways, who is an the habit of using the thoroughfares as a pasturage, ; and who laughed, at the' prostestationB of his neighbors, has found, to his severe cost, that the; annoyance can be abated. A neighbor, it is said, provoked the law in the matter, and on enquiry of his solicitor the defendant was willing to; compromise, by paying a good round sum. It; is to be hoped others who allow their cattle in and out of season, to annoy and ..injure their: neighbors will take a warning by his example; and also abate the .nuisance:"'. ; ! At tho Police Court yesterday, before the; Mayor and Mr Pearce, J's.P.j Pat. Lyons, who had been drunk, was discharged.; Aunie Brown, charged with stealing a pair of blankets, was remanded till to-day. William Osborne was brought up for stealing a bottle of whisky from Prosporo Passalaqua, at Guildford. Tho prosecutor stated that Osborne came into his: hotel, and got a glass of beer, but afterwards went into tho bar, which he was told to lenvo.! After he left, a quart bottle of Mitchell's whisky was missed, whereupon he went out and saw the prisoner near a pile of brickB, and lie detained him till the police came. ' The whisky was found among the bricks by Mrs Passalaqua. Tho prisoner was a stranger at Guildford, where ho had stayed in an empty house for a week. Upon being asked how he accounted for the whisky being among the bricks where he was standing, he could not give a feasible explana tion. He was sentenced to one month's im prisonment with hard labour. <' A preliminary meeting of the inhabitants of Guildford was held on Saturday! evening at Dunstan's Hotel to consider the advisability of forming a Rifle Corps for the district. The atten dance waB large, and mostly of young men of good physique. Air Ellis, who had the regula tions, read them to the audience, and explained the steps necessary to be' taken to form a club, arid the antics and privileges of its members. Air Henry then urged on the young men to join, pointing out the advantages that would person ally accrue to them in different ways. The first to step forward were the Btalwart brothers, Kellara, George and John, and they were quickly followed by Alessrs Vf. Carter, Edwards, Henry, Williamson, Dunstans (3), Vallance, N. Carter, Sleo, Menotti, Gawno, Godfrey/Fleming, Aber deen, Johnson, Gibson, Marshall, Franzi and Ellis. As not less than twenty would be accepted by the Minister of Defence it was most gratify- ing to the promoters, Alessrs Ellis and Henry, that twenty-two had come forward at once. As it was expected the surrounding localities would furnish a few moinbers more it was decided to adjourn the meeting to next Saturday evening, and meanwhile all concerned wore to use' their best efforts and influence to get others to enrol; There wore a number of Militiamen present, and great enthusiasm prevailed ; a number signify ing their intention of becoming honorary mem bers. Tho first Hallelujah wedding in connection with the Salvation Army in Castlemaine took place in the barracks in Templeton- streot yes terday afternoon. The bridal party were Mr Smith and Miss Hough, both of. whom have been energetic workers with the Army for a longthy period. The barracks were well filled) there , being about G00 persons presont. The proceedings wore commenced with tho singing of a hymn, "Come Brethren Doar," whiol| was hoartly-Bung by . the soldiers. A prayor : was then offered up by trie Rev. J. F. Horsley Editor 'of! the \ War Cry.' Another prayor was afterwards offered up by Captain Edwards, Mr Horsley : and " Billy Aberdeen. A secpnd riymn was sung, and then the Rev. Mr( Horsley reaii,a portion of. scripture, the words rieing ap! plioabie to trio, occasion that was being celebra ted. 'The rev. gentleman oxplainod the yeraes as he road them, and "this was done in a very lucid raatineiv The nuptial knot was then tied by . Mr. Horsloy, the bride and tlio bridegroom standing 'oiitho' platform uridor the flag of the Army. ... Above tho platform' wore strings of evergreens' : and 'floivers very prettily ar ranged, rind the whole presented a very boauti- furaplpearrihce. Tlio utmost ihterost was cen tred in trie ceremony. Handfuls of rice and flowers wore then thrown at tho happy pair, and after moro singing and praying, the. cere- mony was brought to a closo. The bridal party were then driven around in cabs that wore in 'waiting. ' . ; Tho Rev. James Lowo preached in the Wes- loyan Churoh on Sunday evening last, being "Whit Sunday, on Luke, xxiv., v. ,49 — "Tarry yo in the city of Jerusalem until yo bo endued with power from 'on high. Tho day of Pente cost' which wo celebrate may be called the birtlv- day of tjio Oliristipii Churoh, nnd witnessed the effuBiori 'of the Holy Spirit in liis power; per- feetness and completeness— displayed in- thb moBt remarkable powers which wero conferred on tho disoiples, such as the gift of tongues, a mopt mighty power. Unlettered men spoke with facility languages with which they previously had uo acquaintance, and which ordinarily en tailed ybars of study and a peculiar gift to ac- quiro. Then the power of reading men's thoughts, and of healing by tho touch, was be stowed also ; but the most wnuderful power which the early church possessed was in apply ing Cod's truth so that men were converted by thousands. This preaching power has not left tho church. It is by means of secret earnest and faithful prayer that this power is obtained. The mightiest organization is that where men of prayer, unwearied patience, and unswerving faith obtain the poiver of the Holy Ghost, filling and suffusing the church. Alay we riover rest until we are filled ivith this power. " Ill recogni-'1 tiori of the Queen's birthday, the National An them was sung before the second lesson at morn ing service, and in the Sabbath School the same anthem was sung in lieu of the second hymn. ' ! ; r: A temperance society in- Boston has just ire- solved that tlio use of tobacco for. the gratifica tion of tho appetite is " a sin against God' and humanity." ' ' ! " '. An unfortunate hitch has occurrud in the settlement of tho lock- out. Air J. A. Wallace disagrees with tho association's wording of -the agreement, and the association objocts to Air Wallace's wording. . : " The sentence of the court-martial on Private Leouon, of the Brisbane permanent artillery for Bleeping when on duty, was 90 days' im prisonment and discharge from Her Alajeaty's service. Persons addicted to the habit of sticking their tongues out while working, should tako warn ing from the experience of an Alleghany man, who, while chopping wood a few days ago, was struck on the chin with such force by a fragment as to' almost completely sever his orgau of- speech. A large yield of potatoos has (the ' Reformer' states) "been ubtainod from a farm of twenty- four acres reuted from Alessrs Manifold, near Camperdown. No fewer than 350 tons of the tubers were taken off the allotment in question, and these being disposed of at L2 per ton, de livered at the railway station, the grower secured some L700 for his season's labour. : ' On Saturday night, a woman, Mary Ann Blackmore, informed the St. Kildri polico that a Mrs Josephine AI'Grath, of High-street, StKilda, had taken some stuff out of a bottle, and was dy- iug. Constables O'Callaghan and Stubbs went to see the deceased. The body was quite warm, but Dr Simmons, who had been called in;1 de clared it lifeless. An empty bottle, which had contained painkiller, was found on a chair by the bedside! The deceased1 was a native' of France, aud was of intemperate habits. : A lad named James Henry Cottingham, who, : like most uf the colonial boys, are fond of emulating Blondiri, has met his death owing to his weakness. His father is a gardener, and was buildiug a new huuse in Bur wood-road, Hawtlioru. The skeleton of the house was erected, and a beam fixed across to keep it in position. Young Cottingham; ou the 14th inst., was walking across this beam for the ediflcation of a younger sister, when he fell and injured himself so much' that he died in the Melbourno Hospital on Thursday. ' At the Malvern Police Court on Saturday, an old man named John Karecli, railway gatekeeper; at the crossing over the Dandenong road, near; the Alalve'rri station, "prosecuted a young man, Frederick'AIalsteiy for assault. Prosecutor gave ; evidence that the defendant, who was. a night- man, was in the habit, in company witri two; other.men, of the same calling, of abusing him' whilst passing through the gates. On . the! morning uf the Gth, Malster arid his associates ; passed' through, . arid Ihe' witness was told that; he ought to be boiled down, ''arid another man! put iri: bis place." Six'hours afterwards they' rri- > turned," and requested liim to1 open the gate. He replied : that , a train'was coming, and that they and their horses would be 'killed before : they got through," and also informed" them that it Was against the regulations to lot anyone through wlien the train was due; The bench: fined him L3, with L5 5s costs, in default two moritliB' imprisonment. ' ; - ' ' ;; :!1; ! Archbishop Aforan on Sunday afternoon laid; thb firat stone of 'the Rotrian Catholic 'Church,; which is being built in Duke-street, YYooloomoo-: loo. ; ;The, Archbishop niade the following re-; marks We must centre all our national syrii-l pathy'and affection on this great continent which wo have made our home. I:do not know. thati there is any other country under the bun which! Irish colonists should so' love as their fair country of Australia! " To be sure the United Slates has; great attraction for bar "people;. It isriot'sd far! froui old Iriland, arid . millions of Irish' immi-i grants liiivo .'in ride, it their home, but it' appears ' to. ra'e that riowhere cari there be' found more yrisli aud immeasurable res/iurces, or greater freshness' of freedom and integrity of political ljfp, greater earnestness arid gentleness, greater, energy and! rospeot for others, and at tlie'saino time brighter prospects ' for religion, than in this fairest of lands beneath the Southern Gross." " | The rcberit'suppres3iorl of trie Egyptian paper,: 'Le Bosphpre,' is thus referred to by the Cairo' correspoifderit of the tiih'dlin 'Daily Telegraph, ' tolegraphiug. oii. April 8.:-" This affernobril'at 5 lo'eiock,,; the printing (Office of ; the Frerioh' , newspaper Le. Bosphore' was surrounded by a' body 'of several hundred armed Egyptianl police, when "tho doors wero broken opiin with1 axes, 'and' seals wero put on 1 all the presses.' Tho French vieo cbusril and liis Janissaries, who; a'ttempted to oppose this Violation of trio dp'miele of 'a' Frbiibh ' s'pbjeot, wero ' pushed aside and' severely riuitlod by tlie policb ; arid, as the large' crpwd iri trie'pdjpiriin'o'strbet! bbgari'td'nirirmur,' trie policemen loaded with 'ball. cartridges, arid; ure reported; to have levelled their rifles at tho' consul and tho attendant crowd, which there upon gave way. ' I'rie French Charge. d'Affaires has' addressed- a strong protest to Nubar Pasha,' whose orders' for 'this somewhat incautiously! executed step are based ou llie publication, throb "days ago, in the Arabic edition ' of : ' La Boa|)h'ore ' 1 of rievcral !iclpcuiu'ehts 'of a ao'ditious nature. As, ' how'over; ! ' Le Bosphore ' has 'duplicate presses" hidden away iri' the ' Arab quarter of the-, town, tho paper will, probably reappear .to- morrow., liotwijihsianding'its sup-: pression." '. ' A destructive fire occurred ou Saturday even ing, about half-paBt 8 o'clock, in the lamp room of the Spenoor- strbot railway station, a building ,80ft by 30ft, with galvanized iron rnof. and asphalt floor. Three men had been working at tho stand in the roohi for somo time previously but when tho flames were discovered tlioy had gone to bring in trio lamps from a train which had just arrived. The ajarm was promptly givori arid the station was brought to bear on the fire. In tho meantime, however, the flames had boon seen from' the ihsuranco fire look-out, and d'o- taohmonts from both tlio No. 1 and 2 firo stations wero soon iri attendance. The Hotham Brigade also arrived soon 'afterwards, and got to work but tho services of tho Carlton Brewery, which came later, wore not required; Tho firo lasted about 20 riiinutes, and completely gutted trio room. Ond of' the wings adjoining tho room cohtainpd a tank whioh hold lOOgiil. kerosone. This supply' was connected witli tho laiiip-r'oo'm by a leaden pipe, which wits melted by the boat, and a grq.at quantity of the oil flowed o.yor' the floor, rendering the flames still more intense. Tho workmen statod that wbon they left the room there was no sign of fire, and only one gas- jet burning. Tho damage is roughly estimated at between L500 and LG00. " /, A New York correspondent writes : — ",The riows of Genoral Grant's deadly peril has awakened a responso deop and heartfelt, suoh a's could havo been called forth by no other citizen iri this land. Past enmities aro buried and forgotten in tlie'faee of hiB terrible Bufferings and sorrow. _ Among the press, save with one single exception, there has been an unqualified outburst of grief. Not cyan, from his dearest and life-long friends lias ho roeeivod more cordial or heartfelt sympathy than from' the men whom he met in the death-grapple on tho most tremen dous battle-fields that the world has ever seen. Tho men of the South do not forget his generous conduct to their commander at Appomatox, nor will tho scarred vetormis from Alississippi or Louisiana forget tho man who in tho dark and painful hour of surrender bade them take tlieir horses home as tliey would need them for their spring ploughing. Ever since the announce ment of the General's extreme peril, all classes of our citizens, irrespective of politics, have eviiicbd tlio most painful anxiety for his recovery, and heartfelt prayers are given daily for his speedy restoration to health, coupled with the hop.o that tlio years that yet remain may be among tho happiest of Iris life." 