COUNTRY NEWS. [From our own Correspondents.] RIVERTON, September 3. On Friday last lovers of good music had a genuine treat in this town by hearing the deservedly-popular cantata ' Under the Palms' most efficiently rendered by about 60 voiceB, including valuable helpers from Kapunda and Auburn. The Rev. J. Pierce most ably acted as conductor, and it was mainly owing to his energy and perseverance that the piece was such a success. The Institute Hall was crowded to excess, scores of the audience being unable to obtain seats. Where all were so good it would be unfair to criticise. The large audience went away highly pleased. Mr. Pierce was loudly applauded at the conclusion on announcing that the cantata would shortly be repeated in aid of the Poor Relief Fund. We are well off just now for concerts. Last evening an entertainment was given in aid of the Institute funds by a lot of juveniles styling themselves the Juvenile Diamond Minstrels, to another crowded house, the novelty of the entertainment drawing many, while the sisters, cousins, and aunts of tbe youngsters attended in full force. The entertainment was a thorough success in every point of view ; indeed, it is doubtful if a party of grown up people could be found in River ton to go through the ?orosranime so well. The singing and acting reflected great credit on Mr. McGrsth, under whose supervision the rehearsals had been done. The first part of the entertainment consisted of nigger songs and local hits by Masters A. Dickson, W. Browning, G. Doolette, W. Kershagan, A. Ferrier, J. Annear, E. Doolette, and S. and W. Castine, which were well received. The accompaniments were splendidly played by Miss Sissy Ferrier. After an interval of five minutes Misses C. Ferrier and J. Rhead (a little child of seven years) played an overture so brilliantly as to re ceive an enthusiastic encore. Miss Laura Kelly delighted the audience by sinsing ' Excelsior,' as did also Miss Lottie Kelly in 'Send for Mother, Birdie's Dying.' Master Dickson was loudly applauded for his rendering ' I wish I was a Fish.' ' The Bridge,' by Miss Alma Winshied, was en cored, and tbe last verse was repeated. ' Far Away,' by Miss M. Browning, nicely sung, brought the musical part of the enter tainment to a close, the whole 'winding up with the side-splitting farce ' Pete and the Ghost,' which was well carried out by most of the before-mentioned youngsters. The whole affair passed off most success fully, the audience being well pleased with the endeavors to entertain of the youthful performers, whose ages varied from 15 to 7 year8i ________________ The Queensland Government has placed on the special supplementary estimates for the current year £100,000 to cape with the xabbit invasion. ? 