Sermons and Addresses. ORDINATION SERMON, PREACHED AT ST. PETER'S CHURCH, MELBOURNE, TRINITY SUNDAY, 31sr MAY, 1885. (By Rev. H. B. Macartney, M.A.) ' A golden bell and a pomegranate.'— Exodus xxviii. 34. Op all lovely images of Christ, the loveliest is here. Aaron, washed in pure water, and'clothed in white linen ; above the linen, a robe of blue ; above the robe, an ephod of glorious colours ; flash ing jewels upon his breast ; Israel's names upon each shoulder ; upon his head a mitre, and a leafy diadem ; at his feet, alternate bells and pomegranates. Manifold details, and none of them with out signification ! Godhead and Manhood, Priesthood and Sacrifice,. Life and Death, Earth and Heaven, Beauty and Suffering, Empire and Service, Love with Power, Light with Perfection, Innocence with Prayer, Delicious Fragrance, and a Posterity in number like the stars ! We exclaim with that disciple whom Jesus loved, ' It is the Lord 1' It is the Lord Jesus, our Righteousness, our Holiness, our Redemption. Notably, our Holiness. Holiness spoke to the eye from the Crown ; to the ear from the Bells ; to other senses from the Holy Oil. The Bells made sweet music. ' His sound shall be heard when he goeth in unto the Holy Place before the Lord, and when he oometh out, that he die not.' Every movement of our Great High Priest is melody in God the Father's ear, and ' Holiness becometh His house for ever' — 'Holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord.' The Pomegranate, filled to its utmost capacity with seed, is the well- known emblem of Fruitfulness. The Golden Bells, like the Golden Letters upon the Lace of Blue, may be interpreted from Zechariah xiv. 20 to indicate ' Holiness to the Lord.' Pomegran ates and Bells taken together typify Multiplication and Purity, but it is first the Golden Bell, and then the Pomegranate — Holiness first, then Increase : Good Fruit from' a Good Tree. ? Another hour, Candidates for the Ministry, and you are to go forth, facing a hostile world, a world of fifteen hundred millions, a world dark and dying. The Absent Lord has, by His Spirit, been enlisting soldiers for Himself ever since the morning of the Dispensa tion ; but His armies have ever been oscillating between love's fever and a deadly chill, while The Enemy has never cooled, or swerved an inch from his bloody purpose. He is in great wrath just now, ' because he knoweth that he hath but a short time,' and the fight was never fiercer. But his course is nearly run, for it is the Eleventh Hour, and this is your hour of opportunity against the power of darkness. You are here to receive your Commission. You are to be officers in the King's War. The Prince of this world who is first will soon be last ; you who are last may yet be first, for Light shines at eventide, and Victory crowns the day. There is a path to glory, a path trodden by very few. ' Before honour is humility.' ' Walk before me' precedes the promise, ' I will multiply thee exceedingly'' (Gen. xvii. 1). Abram grows into Abraham — the childless man into ' The Father of a multitude.' I I (a) Let us first consider Personal Holiness. It has a Divine I Source in the Eight; of God. to begin and to perfect whatever I He pleases, wherever He pleases. It has a Divine Stay in the 1 Intercession of Christ. It has, moreover, certain stages— Self- 1 Abhorrence, Peace, Divine Indwelling, Divine Association, Simul I taneous Eepression of Evil and Development of Good. (1) Self I abhorrence begins with the Holy Spirit, who mysteriously approaches I us in the Scriptures, who awakens, alarms, convinces, till we set our f seal, to God's great verdict 'altogether abominable,' and vote ' unanimously with the great company of the Redeemed, ' No con : .;? fidence in the flesh.' (2) Peace follows. ' Peace by the blood,' Peace after pardon, Peace flowing from imputed Eighteousness, Peace passing all understanding, Peace with praise. (3) Divine Indwelling. Christ, when embraced by faith, enters the heart. He is in us a grain from the very Corn of Wheat that died on Calvary, and revived and fructified. Christ is in us, a Branch from the Parent Tree. From Him Holiness arises— from Him dwelling in the heart by faith — from Him our fruit is found. No thistles from this Fig ; no thorns from this Noble Vine. He is the Sinless One in us sinners. (4) Divine Association. After this self loathing, this rest in Jesus, this Holy Inhabitation, comes Compamon ship. A strong affinity now exists between that which is within and that which is without ; between Christ above and Christ indwell ing. Before illumination there may have been approach, for many of the unillnminated pray, but it was approach without affinity, for what communion hath light with darkness? But when Christ is formed in us, there is a knitting by the Spirit in a most wondrous way to Christ on the Throne, and the most blessed Fellowship ensues. It is a Fellowship with God. ' I have one passion,' said Zinzendorf; 'It is He; He alone.' This is an altitude of bliss. Bengel wrote to his bride on the morning of their wedding-day : ' Christ in Heaven, and Christ in the heart. The Heart in Heayen, and Heaven in the heart' (5) Lastly, this divine life, being in its infancy, is in peril from the flesh, as Isaac was from Ishmael. ' The grace of God in the heart of man is a tender plant in a strange, unkindly soil.' Now, whether the law of our new life is to be progress or degeneracy will depend in a large degree on wise and practical precautions. Let me suggest — (1) For your Still Hour covet an early awaking. A few moments saved from a sinful ' satisfying of the flesh' may be fraught with blessing. (2) Having first cleansed the whole body, which is the Temple of the Holy Ghost, fall down and worship ; wrapt in deep, adoring silence, go in to hear the voice, to see the face of God. 'Oh,' said Fenelon, ' ? how rare it is to find a soul still enough to hear God speak!' M'Cheyne was one of these. A grey-haired man once described him to me: 'I heard, him talk, I heard him speak, I heard him preach, I heard him pray. He was a Seraph.' (3) From worship go speedily to the Scriptures, your morning Manna, your Daily Bread. Here Christ Himself appears to instruct, to caution, to nourish, to delight the soul. Let God's own syllables echo and re-echo through your frame. Begin and end this first hour with the Bible. Mortify all craving for lighter food. The Bible is the only book in God's Library. It was the only book Jesus read. It made Him what He was. Let it shape your mind when the softness of the new-born day is upon you. Let it silver your understanding with the silver of its own precious truth. (4) A chief part of your care must be to match the body. A real Consecra tion begins where legal obligation ends, and a Christian's greatest temptations are in things lawful. Study self-denial in a self indulgent age. Live as if in discipline for a Prize ; yea, for Prize after Prize, as if in discipline for ever. Never go out of training. Live a moment at a time, in Faith, and Live every moment in the Spirit. Live in readiness, not knowing how suddenly some message of infinite importance may be flashed along Heaven's wires. Others keep themselves in stern control if only to obtain a corruptible crown. Shall not we for an incorruptible? Keep under your bodies. Eat your meat with gladness and singleness of heart, but with an ever-increasing reference to the influx and eflux of grace and power. Like a detective, make an inventory of every fleshly lust which wars against the soul ; and above all things pass sentence upon that chief of sins, which in your own experience most exhausts the life ; condemn it, hate it, fast from it, lest you die. What ; plenteous grace would now have been your portion, had you con served all grace ever given ! (5) Study may be a mighty help or a mighty hindrance to the divine life. Among so many masters, at whose feet are you to sit ? At the feet of those, I consider, who are at once most spiritual and most accurate ; who throw most light on the very language of the Word ; of those to whom it is given to explore the realms of Nature, to trace God in His glorious works ; ; and of those who supplement the Acts of the Apostles by helpful ? biographies and sublime histories. . (&) After the holy life comes a Fruitful Ministry. Now, Candi dates, gather yourselves up on the Brazen Altar, to be a Whole Burnt Offering, to be useful above measure, to be Lights in a dark place, to separate and to edify the people of God, and to present thousands and thousands perfect in Christ Jesus. Begin with a clear concep tion of what is to be done. The Great Architect has drawn His plans. They are ' settled for ever in Heaven.' Your part is To Learn in faith and in subjection. Work done in doubt cannot be well done. Work done in ignorance or in self-will cannot abide. Therefore, in order to success ivlth God, your Theory of the Church and your Theory of the World must be as clear as crystal. These institutions are essentially different. A mistake as to their nature is fatal. 1\. Your Theory of the Church. The simplest view of the Church is gained from the standpoint of the Future. Her elements then are her elements now. Her sins, having been purged with blood, she is in God's eyes the lovely object hero that she will be there. He '. choso her in prehistoric times ; with a great sum He obtained her I freedom, and He betrothed her to His Well- Beloved, By a series of ) marvellous and miraculous processes, He is adding to her daily such : as shall be saved ; and whom He saves He sanctifies. In every member ? ' of this God- begotten family some lineaments of Ihe Lord Jesus are » manifested, for are we not Tlh kinsfolk by birth as well as Hia Bride by covenant — at once His Sister and His Spouse 1 To perceive that the Lamb's Wife of To-morrow is the Church of To-day disengages the mind from tremendous difficulties. The ' sheep of Christ' were goats, but Christ made them sheep by miracles of power, and they are His sheep for ever. You cannot make or unmake, but you can discern them, feed them, tend them, and rejoice the Shepherd's heart. 2\. Your Theory of tlw World. The one Theory determines the other, and also determines your attitude. All not sheep are goats. All created only once die twice. Alike in inward corruption, worldly people may be most unlike each other in many particulars, yet they consist in the main of only two families — the Eeligious and the Irreligious. The latter will cause you much inward pain, but little annoyance. They will make it their business to Bhun you. They sport themselves while we are preaching, and mock while we are praying. For such your heart will bleed ; for such you will make inter cession day and night ; and from such you'may some day gather in glorious fruit. But the religious people of the world — ah ! here will be your sorest sorrow. They are precisely the same at heart as the irreligious. They diverge, indeed, in opinion and practice, but they are equally strangers to God the Holy Ghost. They love what they call the Church, but Christ Himself they have never known, for they are without the Spirit, and He is ' spiritually discerned.' Hands of anguish they have never stretched out to Him, because never enough anguished ; and so, alas ! their hands are empty. Their religion is a counter-irritant. It is a something without to relieve a disease within, instead of being a something within — not a medicine, yet medicinal — a deathless principle, an eternal life, a glorious Inhabi tant—Christ Himself in His transforming power. Well for you if in their case sorrow of heart is unattended with tribulation, for many of the brethren are grievously oppressed by direct antagonism on the part of men who do not know in what the Church consists, who do not organically belong to her, who yet, conscious of sin, and ignorant of God's righteousness, magnify a particular form of godli ness, denying its power. In daily life, moreover, they separate themselves from the truly religious, and mingle freely with the irreligious, ' Their spot is not the spot of His children.' They lean on externals, and on merits of their own, and count it no adultery to be in friendship with the world. Alas, when such dominate! I fear two things : for others, I fear their influence ; for themselves, their knocking when^the door is shut. You may test the accuracy of these Church and World theories by a simple experiment. We must, confessedly, work on the same lines as the blessed Holy Spirit. Now, Hia work is twofold — a work among the living, and a work among the dead. The Scripture is explicit. To believers He is the Lord and Giver of Life. He is the steady antagonist of their indwelling sin. He is their Comforter, Expositor, and Guide; He is a very God in their bosoms — a living, springing Presence. He is sometimes 'on' them, too, as well as 'in' them. He descends to abide upon them — a Holy Dove — opening God and Eternity more fully to their view, kindling their desires, and leading them through fiery baptisms to higher forms of service. This, when He comes to the Church. But oh! how different when He comes 'convicting the world' (John xvi. 8), quenching false lights, burning false refuges, digging out rotten foundations, cutting down trees of iniquity, leaving not a pin's point of self -righteousness on which to prop up a guilty soul, mirroring forth the heart's unclean imagina tions, creating a perfect revival of distress—' God be merciful to me a sinner.' Then, with unutterable sweetness, He turns the gaze from self to Christ ; to Jesus, once so bruised, so broken with sin's burden, and, therefore, so compassionate; and lo ! the cry of wretchedness breaks into the praise of joy 1 The Spirit's work, brethren, is the pattern for ours. We are to save men out of the world, and to sanctify men in the Church. Now, how is it to be done ? 1\. By prayer, (a) By secret prayer ; by keeping a diligent record of names — as on Aaron's Breastplate — and by making each the subject of separate and earnest supplication ; (b) By uniting in prayer with those like-minded, who hold with you ' ChriBt for every man, and for every man a broken and a contrite heart.' It is by the prayer of faith that you will call into existence a race of Christians, living sacrifices, and holy in heart. ' Pray much,' said an eloquent young minister when dying ; ' pray much, that you may be taught to pray more.' ' We prayed more,' said a Eeformer, ' in the days of our darkness than now.' They had a new lesson to learn— to pray for others. 2\. By visits. Visit always, visit everywhere. One whole day's work amongst the flock is worth four afternoons. Two things make a good visitor — the love of Eeputation and the love of Christ. Let Christ's Love be your constraint ; a force which you possess, but cannot control. Never be happy unless enslaved by it. Insist on knowing everyone, and knowing them in affection. Men who scorn you when at ease will lean on you in trouble. 3\. By the ordinary means of grace. Translate dead performances into living efficacies. Expect rivers of blessing, fresh from the Throne, whenever you open your lips. In converse, in prayer, in sermons, or in sacraments, keep ever looking unto Jesus. Ask and Receive ; Believe and Have. Either forsake a form altogether, or let it be revivified. 4\. By special organisation. By unions and societies outside the fabric of the Church, defensive, aggressive, educational, domestic, national, evangelistic, missionary, spiritual. Have interests for all ; have all interested. Have all your people armed at all points against world, flesh, and devil. 5\. By your sermons. In order to preach, let facts be your fuel, eloquence your fire. Eloquence without facts is only sheet lightning. Eloquence with facts is lightning forked. Have all clear before your mind — Holiness and Sin, Mercy and Wrath, God and Satan, Heaven and Hell. Preach the Word ; it is the instrument of the new birth. Preach the -La,w; by it is the knowledge of sin. Preach Christ. Preach Him as the One with whom you walk ; the One whom you know better than any other. Preach Him because it ia TTe with His dying love who captivates the mind. Preach Him, because He is the Bread of Life. Preach Him, or hungry souls will cry orit from their seats, 'Sir, we would see Jesus.'. Preach Him among the young, where grace falls fastest ; among evil-doers, where Satan's hold is strongest ; by the sick, where the flesh is failing ; by the grave, where hopes are buried ; on vacant corners, in tents, in secular buildings, in private dwellings, at family prayer, in season and out of season; seeking His profit, not your own; other's happiness, whatever it may cost ; itching for no praise in success, or for sympathy in seeming failure ; studying not to draw applause, but groans from the multitude; and remembering whenever you preach that God makes one of your hearers. All results hinge on satisfying Sim. If you cry, ' Sermons, Lord, sermons,' you will get what you ask, and nothing more. But if your cry be, ' Souls, Lord, souls,' you will be given souls, and sermons too. The best preacher is the man whose congregations are best acquainted with the Scriptures, who have the best experimental acquaintance with the Lord Jesus, and who most nearly imitate His manner of life. Aim at a high quality of Christian character. Let the Church Militant get some of her foremost warriors from among your converts. Little Corsica gave France an Emperor. ''6. By agencies out of sight. Nothing so thoroughly fails as selfishness. Let your hearts be expansive, like the heart of God, embracing the city, the diocese, the continent, the world. Have a share, in rescue work all over the globe. Immanuel has His ' crown rights,'1 but He will not be manifested till He has His 'crown jewels' too. His chosen are His jewels. They are scattered everywhere. They cannot recover themselves ; they are waiting to be! recovered. Finally, in the Spirit of Jesu3, exercise a John the Baptist ministry. Speak- out, but very kindly. Be the happiest men on earth, and yet men of sorrow. Be enthusiasts ' for such a Master in so real) so grand a cause. Be lowly. The garment of humility must underlie the garment of power. 'We are nearer heaven when we^ stoop than when we soar.' For every item in the life of Jesus there is a something corresponding for you — a birth, a baptism, a death, a rising again, and & coronation. Sometimes your crown will come full in view as you accompany a mother, a Mend, a wife, a sister, a child, or some of your' spiritual children, and part with them just at the gate of the celestial city, where sweet glimpses are given you of the life within, and of Christ Himself, the living Splendour ; but animated by the Spirit of that same Jesus who left that same city for a manger and a gory cross, you will turn back again a hundred or a thousand times to seek and to save the lost, more careful to gratify His loving heart than to wear His honours or to see His face. ?' - Members of the Congregation, these ministers are for you and yours ; for your souls, your Church, your country — to be a savour of life to some, pulling them out of the fire ; to be a savour of death to others, who despise and perish ; but always to be a sweet savour to God, who leads them in triumph in Christ. Believe in their God, and serve His servants by your prayers. Once again, before we separate, ye golden Bells and Pomegranates, teach us tovbe holy ; teach us all to bring forth fruit to the Father ; teach us all to make melody in our hearts to the Lord, and to sow in tears that we may reap in joy. ?????.-?'? -1' ???:??? ' ? -; ??- ' ??????.?.. - i 