THE HAUNTED BRIDGE. A TALE OF THE HIGHLANDS. I fancy that moat of my readers are acquainted more or less with the aoenery of the Highlands ; bat in the case of by far the larger number of them, I venture to say that such acquaintance extends only to the High- lands in their summer or tneir autumn areis. If so, they only half know them. Brave is the tourist who venture? amid the bens and glens when rude King Boreas lords it over them ; when winter's wind roars adown the gorgts of the hill, staggering the stalwart pines, mingling the withered leaveB and the snowflases in the desolate woods ; when icicles ha»g from the hoary rocks, and the deep drif e chokes op the ravines, mantles the slopes of the comes, and bends in cornices over the threatening cliffs; when the river roars through the plain — brown and swollen — and its parent torrents are leaping and rav ing among the boulders; when the moun aio hare and the ptarmigan are white as the snow that harbours them ; and the deer, driven from the hills by stress of weather, roam in herds through the low-lying woods ; and the mountain fox leaves his caira and prowls around the farm and the sbeepfoid — then, if you would enter into the spirit of loaehness and solitude, take your "Way to the Highlande. Do not imagine, however, that such is their condition daring the whole of winter; on the contrary, I have painted a particularly black picture, and it was in very much b.tter weather that, two or three years ao, I went north, in December, on a vi-it to some friends in Inverness-shire. The particular part of the county I stayed ia does not materially affect my adventure, so I shall not disclose it. My time sped by very pleasantly, although the diBtriot did not afford many neighbours at short distances; but this was a circum stance that always procured me an extra hearty weleome when I ventured far enough from home to call upon any people. On 018 of these expeditions I had ridden to a house about eight mi.e3 away, and the late hour of my arrival brought about an invitation to et&y; for dinner and spend the evening. My friends poshed their hospitality to such an ex- teat that they had almost prevailed up an me to stsy the night as well, when a good natnrcd challenge coanged my wavering plans into a firm determination to be off. Oar con versation after dinner had, not unnataraLy, turned upon ghost stories, as the district was an out-oi-ihe way one and the country folk were folly persuaded of the existenci of kelpies and warlocks of various kinds What now happened was that some cf the youag people fancied they had found the reason why I waa willing to stay all night, and boldly to id ma that I was frightened to oross a certain bridge ou my way home that had the reputation of being haunted. I knew the spot well, though I had never found out its exact story ; and when I bad asserted the country people that I had no fears of the experiment, they solemnly shook their heads, and averred that not for sums untold would they cross the bridgs after night all. On the present occasion, as I had been foremost among the sceptics during the story-telling, I felt my reputation at stake ; and declaring I would on no account remain, I gave orders to have my pony brought round. The whole party came to the door to see me start— the elders inveighing against my foolishness j in setting off at that time of night ; the young people plyiug me with horrors, and telling me to be sure to come round the next morning — if alive — and give an account of my adventures. To all I gave a merry reply, and lighting my pipe, swinging myself into the saddle, and shouting 1 Good night,' I cantered off down the avenue. For a couple of miles the road led me down a deep, wooded glee. On both sides the mountains towered aloft to a height of more than two thoaeand feet, their lower elopes thickly clad with pine and birth, their shoulders and summits white from a recent heavy snowfall. The river poured along tumultuously, close beneath the road, swirl ing past frowning cliffs of reck, brawling and battling with heaps of bonlders, shooting in sheets of glancing foam over cascade and rapid. By daylight the tceoe was sufficiently grand and impressive ; illnmiaed as it now was by a faint moonlight, it was much more bo. The night was calm and slightly frcsty ; but overhead a strong breeze was blowing, and from time to time the moon was obseured by the flyiag cioude. The play of light and shade brought about by this was very beautiful ; at one moment the shaggy hillsides and deep pools of the river were plunged in deepest shadow; iu the next a fiood of pale glory poured over them, paint ing the rushing stream with silver, shooting shafts of light among the tall trees, tracing mosaics on the dark surface of the road. Each clump of ferns, each bush and stump, took uncommon shape, and it required no great stretch of imagination to convert the boulders and reefs of rock out in the stream into waterbulls and kelpies. The rush and roar of the river drowned all other sounds ; but with the exception of the echoing tread of my pony and the occasional bark of a fox from the hill, there was nothing else to be heard. On my way down the glen I passed a few scattered cottages, bnt their occupants were lor>g ago in bed, although it was not much past ten o'clock. The wilder part of the glen ended in a fine pass, where the hills toweled almost straight up from the river, and the pines threw so deep a shadow that for a few yards it was impossible to sec the road, duet beyond, the mountains retreated to right and left, and through a short and level tract of meadow land road and stream made their way down to the shores of the loch- .Ahead cf me I fi o aid 6ee its broad besom glancing in the moonlight, and the great tnowclad mountains beyond it- As tbe improved condition of the road now made rapid progression easier, I gave the pony hit. head, and he went along in a ttyle that promised soon to land me at my destinaiicn. There was only one thing that troubled me — lbs haunted bridge. Ckee past it, anl I should iiioiouguiv erj.:-y my moonlight ride. I do not know whetbtr it wes the thought of faa ghost storks with which we had beguiled the chunr, end which no v kept recurring m my m»rd in spite of all effort t< 6 contrary, cr whether t was the solemn and impreQai ve eoeneiy ,1 had passed through in the glen, that had unstrung me ; hut tbe nearer 1 drew to the bridge the more uncom fortable I felt regarding it. It was not exactly fear, but a vague presentiment of evil— the Highland blood asserting itself. loeuldnot get rid of the sensation, btried to hum and to whistle, but the forced merriment aoon died a natural death. I was now on the loneliest part of the road. From the bottom of the glen as far as the bridge— about three miles — there was not a single cottage, and more than a mile on the other side of it lay a scattered hamlet. The moo®, too, which had hitherto befriended me, now threatened to withdraw its light, and where clumps of trees overhung the road the darkness was deep. The pony carried me along bravely — he knew he was going home — and in a short time a turn ia the road showed me, some distance ahead, a ribbon of white high opon the dark hillside. It wis the stream that ran beneath tbe fatal bridge. Better get oat of this as so on as possible, ! thought, and with voioe and stick I encouraged the pony to increased speed. On we went ! The roar of the haunted stream was loud and nearjnow ; the gloom increased as we plunged deeper into the wood that filled its basin ; in another minute the bridge would be far behind, when, without the least warning, the pony shied to one side and then stood stook still, qaivering all over. The shock all but sent me flying over its head ; but by an effort I kept my seat. I had not far to lock for the cause of the beast's flight. Not a dozen yards away were the dimly-seen parapets of ch-i bridge, and on one of them crouched an object that froze me with terror. There are some moments in which the events of a lifetime pass in review ; there &re; some glances in which an infinity of detail can be taken in quicker than eye can close. This was ot e of them I do not suppose that my eye rested on the object of my terror for more than a second ; but in that brief space I saw what seemed like the upper part of a distorted human body, hunchbacked and withont lege, with a face that glowed with the red light of fire ! I can laugh now, when I think of my fright ; but at that moment, I remember getting the pony into motion somehow with stick, bridle, and voioe, and speeding across the bridge like a thunderbolt-, crouching down, Tam.o'-Shaatfr-like, and momentarily ex pecting eg feel the grip of a clammy hand on my neck ! Hard, hard we ga lop:-d throngh the hamlet I have mentioned ; nor did I rlicksn the pace until the lights of my abode had gleamed through the plantation, and we were safa and sound in the stable-yard. To m ke a real'y good ghost stery, my narrative should go no further ; but tbe sequel has still to be told. I invented an excuse to appease the curiosity of my friends, who naturally were anxious to know what had sent us home in such a faebi m— the pony in a lather and myself with a scared, unintelligible expression. I did not want to tell the real story until I had. made Bome effort to unravel it. With tbis end in view, I started on foot Boon after breakfast for the the house I had dined at, intending to make a thorough examination of the bridge and the coarse of the stream on my way, and to question some of the cottagers in the hamlet. I was saved the tronble, however. I had not gone much more than a mile when I perceived, aiming along the rsad towards me, a Bturdy pedlar, with a fur cap on bis bead and a pack of very large dimensions fastened on his broad snoulders. Such fellows are very commonly met with in the ontlying districts of the Highlands, where they do a roaring trade in ribbons, sham jewellery, and small wares, besides carrying a fund of gossip from place to place. In the specimen of the class now before me I was not long in recognising the ghost of the haunted - bridge, and in haling him I was soon in possession of the whole story, 1 Yes ; he was the man that was sitting on the brig about eleven o'clock ; and was I the gentleman that rode past aB if all the witches in the country side were at bis heels ? Faith, it was a proper fright I had given him.' 'Bat tell me,' I asked, 'what on earth were you doing there at such a time of night V ' Weel, sir, I was very late of gettin across the ferry; and it was a langer step thao I had thoct doou to the village ; and I had had a guid walk the day already, and was tired-like. The brig was kind o handy for a rest ;. so I just sat doon on the dyke and had a bit smoke o' tbe pipe. Losb, sir, when ye came ecourin' past, I tboehfc it was the deil himsel' ; but then I just thocht that it was mysel' sitting iu the ehaiow that had frightened your faeastie, and it had run awa' wi' yoc like. And when I earn' the length o' the village, I just had to creep into a bit sbed ; and wi' my pack and seme straw I soon made a bed. So here was the whole story. The deep shadow on the bridge had prevented me from seeing the sitter's legs ; the heavy knapsack had given him a humpback ; the fur cap and the glow of the pipe accounted for the fiery countenance. With mutual explanations we patted - he to push his sales in the villages beyond ; I, to hurry on to the house in the glen, whose inmates at first evinced the liveliest interest in tbe over-night episode — an interest, however, which waned to dis appointment as I proceeded to explain how the ghost was laid. I may mention that I omUted the ' seourin' past' portion of the adventure. How they will chaff me when they read this 1- — ' Chambers's Journal.' 