The Children's Hour. Between the dark and the daylight, When the night is beginning to lower, Comea a pause in the day s occupations, That is known as the Children's Hour. -Longfellow. IN telling you the following little historical story I am supposing you all like to read, and know about the CHILDREN OF HISTORY. It makes your school readings so much more interesting if you are able to individualise some of the characters you meet with in the history books. The heroine of the story I am going to tell you this week, was a little daughter of King Charles the First. I hardly need to add one word to the sad little tale as I read it so lately, so here it is, extracted from the longer article : In the year 1637 a little daughter was born to King Charles, at St. James's Palace. Archbishop Laud christened her privately twelve days later ; and she was named after her Aunt, Anne of Austria, Queen of France. There were great rejoicings at the baby's birth. The University of Cambridge alone produced more than one hundred and thirty odes, in which she and her sisters, Mary and Elizabeth, were compared to Juno, Minerva, Venus, the Fates, the Graces, the elder Muses, and many other classic celebrities. In the face of all these protestations of loyal affection, no one would imagine that within six years Princess Anne's father would be fighting with his own subjects for his throne and liberty, and that two of his children would be in the hands of his enemies. But little Anne was spared these sad experiences. Very soon after her birth she was assigned her place in the Royal nursery at Richmond, with her regular suite of attendants, ten in number. From her earliest infancy she was extremely : delicate. ' ' A constant feverish cough showed a tendency to disease of the lungs and before she was four years old she died of consumption. The short account of her dei.th is most touching ; we find it in Fuller's Worthies : " Being minded by those about her to call upon God, even when the pangs of death were upon her ; 'I am not able,' said she, 'to say my long prayer,'meaning the Lord's Prayer, ' but I will say my short one : Lighten mme eyes, 0 Lord, lest I sleep the sleep of death.' This done the little lamb gave up the ghost." She was buried in the tomb of her great grandmother, the beautiful Mary, Queen of Scots, in the south aisle of Henry the Seventh's chapel, in Westminster Abbey. There is a curious and very rare engraving of her which was published a few months after her death. The little creature in a close-fitting skull-cap covering her head and fastened under chin, stands grasping a rose in her little hands, with a thoughtful expression on her baby face. Based on the spelling of the name of the little Princess we find the following quaint verse : - - Anna is like a circle's endless frame, For read it forward, backward, 'tis the same. Eternity is circular and round, And Anna hath eternal glory found. The boys of twenty years ago, and some of the boys of to-day, I expect, would be inclined to rank the name of Napoleon Bonaparte on their list of heroes ; not all the boys of to-day, for we are beginning to require something more in a hero than that he should be a great man, we want goodness combined with greatness. > Now, I am glad to say that the fame of Napoleon the Great is declining with every year that passes. He was a great man, there is no doubt, and was very skilful in the important business of fighting. He could live with very little sleep. He had a very hard heart ; he cared for nobody but himself ; but he understood the business of war wonderfully well, and it was because he did so that he was able to make himself Emperor of France, and keep himself in that position for eleven years. I have before me two little sketches which gives us a glimpse of NAPOLEON'S BOYHOOD, and when you have read them you will see that, even in those early days, he showed most of the chacteristics which gave him distinction afterwards ; and I think, too, that he also showed some of the weaknesses which for eyer prevent him being placed in the front rank of heroes. The first glimpse is written by himself. *' In my infancy I was extremly headstrong," he says ; " nothing overawed me, nothing disconcerted me. I was quarrelsome, mischevious ; I was afraid of nobody : I beat one, I scratched another ; I made my- self formidable to the whole family. My brother Joseph was the one with whom I was the most embroiled ; he was beaten, bitten, abused ; I went to complain before he had time to recover from his confusion. I had need to be on the alert ; our mother would have repressed my warlike humour, she would not have put up with my caprices. Her tenderness was joined with severity ; she punished, rewarded all alike ; the good, the bad, nothing escaped her. My father, a man of sense, but too fond of pleasure to pay much attention to our infancy, sometimes attempted to excuse our faults 'Let them alone,' she said, 'it is not your business. It is I who must look after them.' .1 still remember the tears she shed when I quitted Corsica. That is now forty years ago. I was young, and did not foresee the glory that awaited me ; but destiny is unchangeable, one must obey one's star. Mine was to run through the extremes of life ; and I set out to fulfil the task assigned, me. My father repaired to Versailles, whither he had been deputed by the Corsican noblesse. I accompanied him ; we passed through Tuscany-I saw Florence, and. the Grand Duke. We at length reached Paris, we had been recommended to the Queen. My father was welli received, feasted. I entered the school at Brienne ; I was delighted. My head began to ferment ; I wanted to learn, to know, to distinguish myself-I devoured the books that came in my way. Presently there was no talk in the school except about me. I was admired, by some, envied by others ; I felt conscious of my strength and enjoyed my superiority." The other little glimpse we get from the report of his teacher, which has been discovered and made public : " State of the king's scholars eligible from their age to enter into the service or to pass to the school at Paris ; to wit, M. de Buonaparte (Napoleon), born the 25th of August, 1769, in height four feet ten inches (five feet six and a half inches English) has finished his fourth season ; of a good constitution, health excellent, character mild, honest, and grateful ; conduct exem- plary ; has always distinguished himself by his applica- tion to the mathematics ; understands history and¡ geography tolerably well ; is indifferently skilled in merely ornamental studies, or in Latin, in which he has only finished his fourth course ; would make an ex- cellent sailor ; deserves to be passed on to the school at* Paris." During this holiday time, I expect you all take more interest in the weather than usual ; there are sure to be pic-nics, or little holiday jaunts, or visits to be paid that depend more or less for their enjoyment on the weather. So I dare say you will like to know that both in town; and country we are surrounded by NATURAL WEATHBR-GL ASSES. ' If you will only watch the ways and habits of animals: you may form a pretty correct opinion as to what kind of weather we shall have. Shall I tell you a few of the signs that have been already noted, and then you can discover others for yourselves 1 "I do not know," says someone who has studied the matter, "any surer way of predicting the changes in the weather than by ob- serving the habits of the snail. They do not drink, but. they imbibe the moisture during rain, and exude it afterwards. This creature is scarcely ever seen abroad except just before rain falls, and then you see it climb- ing the bark of trees and getting on the leaves. The tree snail, as it is called, two days before rain comes will climb up the stems of plants, and if rain is going to be a hard and long one, then they get on to the sheltered side of the leaf, but if a short rain on the outside. In , other snails deep indentations, beginning at the head between the horns, and ending with the juncture of the tail, appear a few days before a storm. Every farmer knows that when swallows fly low that rain is coming ; sailors when the sea-gulls fly towards the land, when the stormy petrel appears, or Mother Carey's chickens, as they are called, predict foul weather. Take the ants : have you ever noticed the activity they display before a storm-hurry, scurry, rushing hither and thither. Dogs grow sleepy and dull, and like to lie before a fire, as rain approaches ; chickens pick up pebbles, fowls roll in the dust, flies sting and bite more viciously, frogs croak more clamorously, gnats assemble under trees, and horses display restlessness. " When you see a swan flying against the wind,, spiders crowding on a wall, toads coming out of their holes in unusual numbers in an evening, worms, slugs, and snails appearing, robin redbreasts pecking at our windows, pigeons coming to the dovecote earlier than usual, peacocks squalling at night, mice squeaking, or geese washing, you can put them down as rain signs. Nearly all animals have some way of telling the weather in advance. A cat licks herself, or washes her face. Some people also feel the effects of the atmosphere, and'. I have known children to be cross and troublesome ;. and grown people have headaches, toothaches, and rheumatic pains, and last, but not least-corns. Now watch and see what other signs of a weather change you can discover. In India there is a little bird that pays such attention to the decoration of its nest, that it deserves to be written about. It is one of THE WEAYER BIRDS, whose peculiarity is that they build their nests by skil- fully weaving into the desired shapes long strips of grass or other material. The bird, the baya, is a most sociable little fellow, and in Burmah builds his bottle shaped nest under the eaves of human habitations. There he is not disturbed, and often as many as thirty of these nests may be seen hanging about one house, swaying gently in the breeze, and adding greatly to the picturesqueness of the scene. The nest is in itself a beautiful and ingenious piece of work. The upper . portion is divided into two chambers, one for Mother Baya while she is bitting, and one for Father Baya when he has earned the right to rest by having provided his wife with food. The lower portion of the nest is a general living room for the whole family as soon as the little ones have grown strong enough to leave the upper chamber. Is not this the very ideai of a comfortable birds' home ? But the baya is not quite satisfied with comfort only, he must have beauty as well. So he sets to work to ornament his home. His first care ÍB for his little wife, but hardly has she settled down in the nest he has made her, than off he darts intent upon putting the finishing touches to their home. He returns with a lump of fresh clay, which he affixes to the inner wall. of the nest. Then quickly off he flies again to capture one of those living Bparks of which there are so many in the tropics. The firefly ia secured to the lump of clay, and lights up the little home with its phosphorescent /glow. Another and another are added, until the patient little mother has light enough to cheer her during the the long dark night. After that, he brings more fire- flies and fastens them outside the. nest, there to glitter and flash for the benefit of the outside world. Now, Just try and imagine a quaint little hut nestling in the gloom of a tangled tropical forest, and from the over- hanging eaves gently wave the gaily illuminated bird nest lanterns, shedding a soft happy home light on the poor little cottage, which loses its wretchedness for the time being, and is transformed into a fairy palace. The baya is a very intelligent little bird, and can be taught many things. Amongst others it has been taught to dart down a well after a ring which has been -dropped therein, and seizing it before it reaches the water, bear it with apparent exultation to its master. It can be taught to carry notes from one person to another ; it learns to twirl in its beak a small staff with blazing tow at each end ; at a sign it flies from its master to pluck from a beloved mistress the piece of gold which the maidens of Benares wear between the eye- brows. I could tell you about a great many more little birds who have such a decided sense of beauty that they like to ornament their homes, but I have not time now ; another day, perhaps, we will return to the subject. 