' The JMncafioB jLct in Victora. (Ballaiat Ckwrierj The Roman Catholics areon the rampage again. Not only has lies an " Education TJalbn League" been formed by them to assail the monetary principles of the Education. Act/ bWfc a monthly news paper, styled The> EdiiMtion. TJiaotf League Gazette, is to be started to ifjtp moteand givejidditional piquatflfey to the movement. Furthermore, P»-btestants are to be cordially welcomed to theranks ofthe jiew unioni and even the Bible in State Schools League is to be embraced, to strengthen the cause which the union intends to push with unprecedented oratory and vigor. Everybody has heard the story of the lion lying down with the lamb; and it must recur to die mind when finding Roman Catholics making com mon cause with Protestants on what, after all that can be said or done, is purely a denominational question. Ghosts of the mighty champions of Rome in the past-how they must' be quivering with rage to find their descendants so degenerate-so lost to all regard for the great maxim of' Holy Mother Church-that it is " unchanged .and - unchangeable "-r-as to kotow to Protestantism to get a dip into the State parse, and rescne the faithful from their own self-created misery and dilem ma. No such startling departure wtts ever witnessed before as emanating from the bosom of the Roman Catholic XJESreB f^and it Ao^ ^ow ciFilisation is humanising a church which has ever been' extremely assertive, bnt never before showed itself anxious to coalesce with heretics to effect its purpose.. if or \ is it now doing anything of the sort, we are told, as the clerics have nothing to do with the new organisation which has been formed: It is the laity the Roman Catholic Church only that is moving in the mattei| But a smile of incieduiity is-«voked when reading this excuse, since everybody knows who it is that pulls the stringyaad that if the] clergy -was not manipulating tho wires from behind human eqreens, the Educa- i tion Act would be let alone^: and.eveiy body would be content f$vith: iteprovi sions. " The voice is Jacob's voice,: ibujb the hands are the hande of Bsati." What the clergy cannot dp directly they think they can do indirectly. - But thesdheme is altogether <tod thin not to, be seen through, the more especially ats when the new union was launched pay ment by results to the Roman Catholic i schools was the theme, and a leading diguitary ;Q^^ ^|^ch was present ^ tftiB plnnge 'tkt M1 paii'^! - the Bom an Catholics made under such unprece dented conditionSj as the end of it. wil;:, <»f course, be Only the msoal "fizzle." 'i he j.eo|>le of this colony will not allow denominational educa -the genemi axpense to be re-introduced, either directlyorfcy «-«idewmd,to euit «le< ical - ^ends-rriiot eyen though the new: attack IS glozed over by the statement Chat if1-Mr. Bogets -had been : in 'Vtclftria Sftt the' lime, the Education Commission would have recominendt*d such. a. course, which is not trne, as the voting for and against would only thteri 'ha'sre h'een even, or bec.iUBe a few-. Protectants gave lie. tneetingof J\ies-' daylast die benefit o:f their presence. o* «ven the Bible in State -Schools Lcagns heartily -responded to the1 sedncive appeals made for its aii, or though the new attack is to be guided and pushed by a spick and span brand new ' f£he latest effort, to get up « denominational row on the education' question must go^thepMneToad^as all Jtljexjld onfis fcraversed, fepcause onr edu cation i^sbem leasing a.:vaQb: amoj|int: pf,good, because lit is un^sweraWy fair i» thb^creeflfi; fey ^lsLcing' them gall on ; 'the Same footing, fnaking -ro; store or ,1ess .''-at -ioiie . than aiifatber, because to liark back in the slightest degree wouhl evientually destroy the whole scheme, bt-caiisK it specially entails that mom} training which the jdi«r Bentieuts use as a cloak for their, monetary design, because rightly i*>! garded, it is an assistance to reli^ gibus instruction outride, rsither th«n a-disability fcu the furtherance *if this object, and because civilisation is too .prt-pouued here now, whether on Education or any other matters, to snbtni c to Pratestatit or ftoman Catholic cleri cal dictation or mterfer^ce.,. The new union .nay, and doubtlesswill, make a gi^t^uw^ erid noise ipr p, time. But the disturbance will have but a short life, aud «-od in the usual checkmate, saving up .of a bad job, andf. the sequential ac knowledgment of deft&t; kn& inaction. But for all this it is surety something to see, and be surprised at, lioman i'atholics hobnobbing with Pr<»i«-stahts, or rather. asking for Protestant aid to get special monetary help fair the Roman Catholic schools-to effect a purely denomi national end-when the whole historyd? the church previously wnsto avoidanv sach contaet or intimacy, with all the' resoluteness which i50uld.be ptimpednp. for the purpose. This something ieery astonishine indeed to see cjme to pass; and it is the best proof one could iiave of the fel(t feebleness (he cause espousefl, '' and' tike sort ofiforlorn hop< which even ..in the j&oman; Catholic presbyteries of the land, any attack xm the -fundamental principleof the flSduca tion Act' is regarded. True, TOotality iiow, ingenibnfly enough, takes the placf* ot fiuauce it the -cry. _ Bnt. everybody knows that itissnoney which is sought; and this ife precisely what will never be obtained or eoneeded. 