Latest Mail News. A Vfztsn Ghost. — For eoVeral nights lately* tho good people of Llandegoii— Lord Penrhyn'a model village — Bangor, have' been greatly' frightened by the supposed appearance of am apparition in that neighbourhood. People traversing a lane leading to a workyarf belong ing to liord Penrbya after darkf have been ftttftntosfl 'hv im unHCfin AntatraniBfc. Th» other night two young gentlomon wero prooeedhiB: , up tho lane, wHon, all of a sudden, the hat of one. was knooked off. He had no sooner picked. ? it up and roplorjed! it on his head than off', '' it 'went a second time. Upon report- ' iag tho ooourronce to his companion he- found thai he had suffered a similar treatment. Trith' Iho addition of a bleeding' '- cho^k. The7 then proopeded to the B&ngor;* road; and seeing a policeman, reported I3ia- strange assault committed upon them. Macb - , . to thoir astonishment the officer said ho also had. beon eimnarly naltreated) and that his helmet had been so kaooked about that it was no* longer 'fit to -wear.' Things came to bc serious at pass that a fevoe of policemen and! ?? othors vms arranged to waylay this nocturnal knocker off of hata. This- band assembled in. . the lane the other night, and after a- vigilant ?wateh fooul that the 'ghost)' was no other titan an owl- -which had built! its no6t- in one of tbo trees OTOrhanginir the read; Kris eurmised tfi»t the bird! had had^its yousg-'ones stolen, and ?' that it attacked all nightly^ jodostrakns in tho (hopo of inflicting puniiihment'upon tiio rolifcer. ! Tna PnrnoB op WliAs - rti- IntmAwn'. — In. response to the- toaet uf his health, drank at the last RovaliAcademy Bantpzet; BSb- Ejojal Hig&ncss; the Prince of 'VTales said:;— 'Son, ere; have kindly:' alluded) to ovsr late* viBitfto Irelaind. I can- cmly aB&nre; youithat if' tha* visit was a labour at all, it ' w« a'Mnur of! Iotb (Oheera.)1 We hadc for a'long-'time paafr lookedi jorward to- once mc?e visitirg'Ireland. It -#&s; seen that in going tSer6' w»fih'ould:meets- witb'io- kind and iifearty reception, i nd tnoh was ? the oaee with very few eaceptiens: ? W& re ceived as kind andioyal a reception- as it:oonldl both* good fortuae of anyone'to meet withi (Ohocss- ) X wish to- allude ts- only one lubjeot- ' moro— a sobject of gTeat iaterest. We h«dl the opportunity of visiting,- alffiongh the- time allowed nn -ma too short tO' do alii - that ire' could have wished to do, those diBtofets o3 the town' of Dtiblnti in whion- ti© housesj although' they migbfe have picturatqnonoaa, -wore ceriaiilly net' colon lated to jirranote tbo-happinestMuid -welfare oP their inhaWtaaite. Th-it-reminde-me'that'I have' had the lidnooirof servino; for upwards of U yearr on the connniJKHOn whis& haa fordts objjot tltcn improvemant si the dwellings ;of ? the-lowesti . classes of tito* oountry. I will-not aciicipat©; our first report), wbioh T9iQ be shortly issued; Zi will only say, before ratting diiwn,' tfe»t' not- only has it Seem to me a sincere pleasure and satisfaction to- tave aidedt so iraportast «ndi valuable a vrorb^ but I hove had tlie advantage of working -jritili gome of tBe most distingnashbd of my oountrymim, some of whomare 'here to night. Allow nse to thiak you onoe-moro ia. the name of tnyff»mily aadtmyBelf'ifor'the-kiiidi eraeting whichi yon havovgiven to to»njghti.. |Lond oheers.);'' Hobbiblh AraoaiTT in Tiyucsi — A1, Ply month correspondent states* that advices ? from Panama recently received giro thrilling- details- of the rocent - ihsarrecitioB. The insurgents- . seiaed an agent of'tSe Pucifi's Steamship Com pany for refusing.- tt- deliver np arms- and am» munition brought-- by one of the company'* vessels to Colon.- for the use of the Government.. Thereupon the American consul protested. The xebd chief, af teriistenmj f to his remonstrances,, ordered theoonsallibewise tobeseizedandoarriea oflVte- the oalafcoofla; wliiohi'was done.- Tlie (Sbveromcnt trflopfl iavii lg rallied, the-- rebels made- off with their piifioners; Shbte were exchanged, and: the- Armenian consul, after narrowly esoaping,- death, Bneceeded in getting. ? slear of the rebels as- the y retreated toward* Solon, closely followod by Government troops. IBlie rebels rem«aning in ths town took' ad vantage of the absence of 1 ho troops to set it in. Shines They first fired th o ctJabooae, whlere, it is said, hundreds, of porsor is had beon confined, tudall of whom perished, '.rhesosneswhichtook place daring the burning oil tbj-tovra woro- of a,, most harrowing- doscriptii -n. A. fresh ? wind. vraa- blowing aud1 the flu men- qqiokly spread. Several negroes while cngt.ged in looting, were sSst down by -ibe marines Iftuiled /rora. the Galena. The ories-of the a] Irighted people were appalling, and the distresi i of those ruthlessly drinrert from tbec.honiesKiovcd- men to tears. Tie Sre continued to burn fiercely throughout tie- night, and ai day-breat : next morning^littls was left of Colon, with thi ) ezoeption of: about- ' ? two- dozen houses- on the north side of the ' iuivn, and the Paoi£o- Ma'il Company's ? wharf premises. Mpet' of the houses having- beeni constructed wiii' wood, nothing. was left but ashes, and the ssene was one eirutter. devasta tion and rain. Amongstjtri emany ohatredibodics. ofhimiii beings was one of a:Chinam&n; who had beon evidently.) suffooitted in his attempt to escape with his maney, hh . head being onsrusted. in molten metal, rt is sai.d rli&k; 1.50 Jamaieana. wore shot. Tho% goneraL feeling : expressed by the sufferers i»' that htul the Jamaiuans- not. joinedtherebefe-thoeity wouldnot h*ve been, fired. .. : A PKuaiBTEU.-JLowim. — -A most roraarkabl«i atory of persecution, was tbat-uufolied in thoi casoof Georgs H'ederick Hdmore, .-whom Mr.. - Justice Hawkma, haa just committed to gaol for 1& months wiVii-hord labour. It appears that for moro than 10. years tliia jnau baa-pestered, a young lady aaintd Griorxon with his hateful, attentions. It was in 1874(,when'3Iis8Grier son and her brothexs and sisters v-ere at-Mar— gate in ohasgo.- oi a curto, that the. prisoner first tried to fabo» b,w acquaintance upon. her. Then, when.3iiB. Griersonhad joined her.ohil dren at Margate, he Bent thom an Jnvitation to. : go out for a, .drive with him, bud i this- lira. ;. Grierson deolined. On the roturn ofi tfle family to town he continued hatroublesomfc attentions, waylaying Misa . Grierson and. v * her Bister»»and addressing t?Stm, on their- !-.. way to BetiDol. Tliey otmapUined to their mother about tha lellnv/, and ike told. . r,. them to take, no- notico of hinik. Ho-wus not, howevor, thus easily to-be putiofli. Eaainglfdi ' out one of- tb» sistere, tho. pzoeecufsix in tfce-- late oaso,-and began sending; tier Itrrelotter*,, ? sometimfis acsvmpauiad with presents. Tne- ?' letters MJB8 Gsrioruon liiinded talior mother ; the* ^ proBonta.'-wera sent book to tha,- prisoner. Thiat ' ^ )anlodK tho prisonos- had rsoourse to his olbV .' triokii, doggjaig MifS Grioroon ia, the street*?,. ?'??-' wulkbg.up »nd dews for ? hours- together ijk. front of Ler houea, . -waitings for tUe ohildrajx. u, whoixthoy went out, brushing poet them, aad .... apeaiinp,' to them aa he weobb^ Tho prieoner took to following Miss Griarfion. to church. H» kneltfat her Bide to receive tho- Sacrament ' ?witlihojr, but waa repollod. by tho churoU.. .....- authnrLtroH. The family' w,eni down to I.biH— ?:?';!' dudrto, and tbitlter.tho paisonM followed flkom, keaping up thote. and alfeowloco an incqesaafc shower of letters and gnosiaita, As the last ??' regouxes, Mr- Urierco», had his daughter uaadoa ward ol Ohancaiy,. bat oven this safer '' guard was aieffootual.. Su 1879 Chancery ^toooedings were t\rico taken against the ?' '? ijrisoner, aud twice dll ho undertake sot to jAnko aoy further attempt, to bold comraunioa lion- with T3&-% Gnerson. Tho only result waa ???'? a short lu!Uiu tbe persecution, and lien things wont on ngain ptvoiXoly as thoy h»d done ' before. In li'SO Miss Griereon' was sent to . :; 'Paris that »hu might bo out of tie- prisoner'* :way, but tho princiiur went after her, watohed ' for her at ohurch, followed hor about, and so : ? behaved himself an to compol h« on more than. ' ?' onooeoasion U\ put hornolf \mdor tho proteo-. tion of Iho poli««. In 1881 «ie pceno Bhifte tft Torqpay, nnd kho persecuting begins to tnko » ,.. new and more unplena'int form. Tho prijoxwir ? began to indulge in violoni thrra's, and for-,' %:i on» of liii letters of thia doHerintlon he m' tried, wid oci\vioted. Hi» piiniulirdont if itoik ?' \ '' anything too xuvere, ooinddoring.the prolwjgec\ '*''/' nature of the pr.rsecntion. its wanton ovublty, .. ' .' and tho «xtremo violence of tone a.n6V d*»''' '? ??'' moanr.urlntteily uHsumedby this mosl odionav;,'.: '*; kiTor, ? ?' ? ? ? L_T-_:. ...:.:- ? .- ? ; ? ' '' ''r'1 -:iZ T?aw the well known eong, 'Mra. BjidyT^^iy daughter,' wnu hsivrog n. run, a lady 0119 . VTay.',^., ?went iati; Tliilip Werlin's store on' Bauibo»v, ,^ nt»oet, 'Noa- Qvicuud, and alepplng up. itot +),) '.' daahinir yonujr tnlesmaii, said, ^ jHr».AJMr)Wy^B^7 daughter.' '.'(Jlud .'to ;now you.'rrepiled'tliB^v 70ung.nin.il, extending Wb hand, 'Bow ris yows * Hidtterf .;-';-l;V'' ' i ? ' . .p ??.'-,; _.-.- 