LOBBY WHISPERINGS AND GALLERY JOTTINGS. TInglis' Press Agency.1 December 10, Miduight. At last we have something definite about the close of the session. Parlia ment will be prorogued on Friday, 18th inst., at 2 p.m. All business in botii. Houses will be finished up on Thursday* night, leaving nothing but the -closing' pageant for the following day. ifas the first occasion- that Sir Henry officiates at a Parliamentary break-up ; but the thing is so much in his line that he is bound to do it well. As for the views of hon. mem- : bars at the prospect of an early deliver ance, they are necessarily a little mixed. ' Some of the Old Stagers who feel quite secure— re-election .. a certainty — they don't much mind. All that they stand to lose is the cost of the contest, plus -their £6 a week for the period between 26th February, when Parliament expires by effluxion of time, and 15th March, the day of the General Elections. With members lesB secure of re election the case is different. No signs of dismay, however, were apparent on the Assembly benches. On the contrary, high glee prevailed all round. Private bills were slaughtered ruthlessly ; all sorts of questions and motions were scored out of the notice paper, and yet not the least sign of dissatisfaction amongst members thus prevented from airing their favorite fads, or riding their pet hobbies through the Houses. The fact is that the private bills, the questions, and the motions — all mostly bunkum — have already served their purpose. Hon. members can now say to their constituents — ' Well, you see, I tried to serve you in every way, but the House would not let me. Only give me another chance, and see what I won't do.' And ao the notice paper was purged of a lot of what printers call ' standing matter,' stuff that has cumbered the Parliamentary programmes for weeks and months. But amongst that matter there are some things that must not drop out of remem brance. One of these is Mr Duffy's moiion in favor of the colony doing something towards Antarctic exploration. Loud laughter greeted the hon. member's announcement that he did not mean to press the vote on this occasion, but would certainly, if in the House, take it up again next session. 'And in the meantime pay the Antarctic regions a visit,' was Mr Laurens' jokelet. In the lobbies some thing was said about organising a holiday friri ii-i thn far smith A murtinl nutlinritv told his fellow members that a good strong tug steamer could easily make the round from Hobson's Bay to the great Southern Continent and back again within a month. That would give time for excursionists to view the ever-burning Mounts Erebas and Terror belching forth their volcanic I flames and streams of lava 15,000ft above sea level. Hon. members formed the motion, ar.d forihwilli adjourned to test the drink-cooling properties of M'Gregor's glaciers in the ' lift' above. This, I am told, involves a Scotch pun, for which Mr Anderson is blamed. Although little was said in the Assem bly on Tuesday night, when the education vote for more than half a million was rushed through, there was much talk in the lobbies. Gentlemen with clerical cut vestments hovered around. There was a good deal of button-holing, with whis pered ghostly advice, before the vote came on. There was seme expectation of a big debate over the religious instruction diffi culty, but in spite of the professed con scientious conviction in certain quarters, it did not come off. This question will be a burning one at the general elections, but ' sufficient unto the day,' otc. Like the expiring flame of an almost burut-out candle, the gaunt ghost of the Licensing Bill presented itself ouce more to the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday uigut. i m; occasion was uie considera tion of a new clause insisted upon by the Council. Mr Carter puts himself forward a-i a. great authority upon tlis licensing subjeefc, maybe because he has not, unlike other members, had his full of it, or else because he keep3 his eye upon the pub lican division of the community, to whom he is said to be so much indebted, or rather hopes they keep tliJr eyes fixed upon him. At all events, upon an amendment moved by him, a r.an taneu, iviiiuii ivill ill all XIJW- ; lihood be the last of many, and many a ! division in relation to that 'everlasting b-ine of contention.' Now, this was j certainly an honor iu its way, and a very j fitting person did it rest with, for tho mem- j ber for West Melbourne has not had his j shave of talk concerning it by any means, i for talking upon a platform is not after ' all nearly so pleasurable as talking to the ' whole colony of Victoria. Sad to say, the division had the fate of most of its pre decessors of times gone bye, but certainly the contest was a little closer, being 3G to 28, and not 60 to 0 or thereabouts — Ben- tonian styles. The Factories' Bill will soon be the law of the land now, and its progress in the House is, no doubt, watched with anxious interest both by employers and employed. . Not that the factory proprietors and shop keepers, or the great majority of them, have any objection to it in its present form, but legislature in both Houses is so eccentric this session, that they never know what may come next. On Wednes day night the bill iras passed.', safely through commlttse in the Council,' but ' not . without , several amend ments,' and the striking out ef one or, two clauses. Th« clause which relates to the stamping jof furniture or :like -goods with the manufacturers1 name was some what hotly debated, consequent on Mr Ham introducing an amendment to the effect that there should also be stamped.! upon such articles a declaration., as . to whether they were of colonial or Chinese I make. The Council; however, were much more liberal-minded upon this occasion than their colleagues of the, Assembly, and considered that after a , ''' had paid a tax to come into the colony, with certain privileges, it would' be' nnSiir not to give him such privileges. The eariyrclosing clause passed its second ordeal, after some debate, not without opposition. 