The Newmarket Handicap. By Nemo. I Already the leading autumn events of oar Southern neighbours are attracting attention, and a limited amount of speculation has taken place upon the Y. R. C. St. Leger and the Champion Stakes. On Monday last the weights appeared for the Newmarket Handicap and the Australian Cup, to be run at the same meeting. The list for the Newmarket is enough to frighten one ; and where eo many speedy ones are engaged it will be next to an impossibility to select the right one. Nearly all the colonies are represented, and tne nem will ne a large one, though tne quality is naraiy up to the average. The weights are ranged on a higher scale than usual, and Malua, the mighty son of that most suc cessful sire St. Albans, is complimented with lOst. 41b., that is 181b, more than weight for age. Last season he carried Sst. 71b. to the front, and cut out the trip in 1.15^; but at the late Spring Meeting he eclipsed that performance by carrying 9st. lib., and finishing heads and tails with the flying Newstead for the Flying Stakes, when the six furlongs were negotiated in 1.14, the fastest time ever accomplished in England, or Australia, and equalling tbe best American time. Tbat performance stamped birn as being the greatest short dis tance horse in Australia, and although his present impost is a great one, he should be able to carry it into the first flight. Rumour hath it that he has not been doing well of late ; but as he is being trained privately at Brighton nothing is known for certain, so those who wish, to back him should wait until that great indicator, the betting market, affords a sign. Le Grand, who holds the proud title of champion, hardly earned ou last New Year's Day 12 months, is in receipt of 81b. actual weight from the top weight. In last year's race Le Grand gave Malua 31b., and after getting away one of the last of the lot ran through his horses like a flash, and finished upon the girths of the winner ; and as on that running he re ceives 111b. he must, if as good a horse now as he was then, reverse the decision. I think that I w as about the first scribe to fall in love with Malua, for I selected him to win the Caulfield Cup that went to Calma, and have always held him in the highest esteem; but when he is called upon to concede a race horse like Le Grand Sib. I must leave him and follow the fortunes of the son of Epigram. There cannot be a second thought about the merits of Welcome Jack, and, all other considerations being equal, he must take his place amongst the hardest to beat. The weight alloted to Col stoun is enough to sink him ; Hurricane is little better off ; while Sst. 13lb. appears to be more than Archie's Bbare on public form. As a two-year-old he was particularly brilliant ; but so far his three-year-old career has been a series of failures. His pace is beyond question; but the sorry shbw he made in the Anniversary Handicap on Mon day last, when he could not get nearer than fourth in a rather moderate field, tends to the belief that the shorter the distance the better he likes it. Last year another sprinter, Segenhoe, failed to get up with 9st. 21b.; and as Archie would seem to be about the same class of animal, perhaps it would be as weil to leave him in peace for the present. Still I have always had more tbun an ordinary regard for him, contracted even before he made his debut with the silk up ; and whilst regarding him as being very badly in on public form, a little of the old bone remains, and perhaps a little prejudice in his favour tempts me still to have some liugering affection for his prospects. Twelve months ago be carried 8st. 21b. to the front for the Bagot Plate, l£ mile, and won easily in 2.12|. Out of half-a-dozen starts last season, Chuckster carried his colours to the front once, and that was at the V. R. C. Summer Meeting, when, with 8st. 81b. up, he won the Standish Plate, 1 mile, beating Napier, 8st., Fryingpan, Sst. 51b., and a pretty good field, in 1.42.' There were several other good ones behind him, but that notwithstanding there is nothing about his public form .to entitle him to Sst. 121b. here. Mozart, though very fast, has enough to steady him ; Iralea is aptly placed ; and, if really well, Garfield might play a prominent part with 8st. 111b., though it is a great weight for a youngster to be condemned to carry. As a two-year-old h9 was better than Bargo and tbe others; and as all the Julian Avenel stock a re notoriously fast, he may be able to get along into the first flight, though bis impost has little that courts attention about it. Boolka has more than enough, and unless the handicapper regards Warwick as a rod in pickle, is fairly handicapped out of it. The short excursion should suit Battailous so well that even 8st. 91b. may 'not be more tbau he can manage; and if Soldier Boy retains his best form he may have something to say with the same weight. Ned o' the Hills has always been, end is still, a great friend of mine, and if he be thoroughly wound up, as he most certainly was not at the late V. R. C. Spring meeting, he may trouble the best of them. Sir Garnet, Royal Irishman, and Countryman each have lots of pice ; but the latter is a most unreliable fellow, and the first named should be the best of the two. The Caulfield Cup winner, Blink Bonny, won several short races in her own colony, and 8st. 61b. should not keep her out of the battle; Yatefy has hardly foot«nough, but danger may come from Prometheus, who has been a long time in clover. Con ingsby is one of the most evenly bred horses in Australia, and gave us a slight idea of bis merits by carrying 9et., and running Pilot to a neck for the Maiden Plate, at the laet V. It. C. Spring Meeting, when the 1J mile was ruu in 2.43J. Oatbit occasion he wis as stout as a log ; etiil ha showed unluubtei pac?, and when helped hy condi tion should be amongst the hardest to beat. When both were well, Dirk Hatteraick lowered the colours of cardiusin the S tuih vustriliiui Derby, and catt the mile and ahedf bth;nl in2.4Si but of lite he has been all to pieces, and bas not thown anything like bis true form. He and The Brotter have left Fl-uiiuffton and joined the others of' Mtssis. Robertson* string at Kingrtun hear Que^ns clilf, so that those who make it their business or pleasure t j watch horses will have no chance of knowing what they are doing. Helene and Ironmaster both belong to the spetdy class, and so doss Meteor, and none of theui have reason to quarrel with their imposts. Recent running shows that Middletnarch is on the improving scale, aud he may give trouble, while the Geelong running will be pretty well sure to give us a fresh and welcome line about Anglesey. Topaz and The Ghost have frequently done good things ; but it may be that neither cares about a big field and a real ding-dong race from end to end on oae breath. Presuming tbat King's Own will hardly bo ready In time, King of the Gipsies and Meander should be the best of the four that have been placed at 7st. 121b. ; while especial danger may come from Anchorite and The Jewel, who have lib. less. When decidedly short of work, Anchorite ran amongst the first division in the last Mel bourne Cup as far as the shcis ; and, although he gallops somewhat high, and has a slight tendency towards sky scraping, I have formed a very exalted opinion of him, and reckon him up to be one of the best horses in the land. The Jewel got into a bad position soon after the start for the Annivenaiy Handicap, and had to run round his horses nearly all the way, The effort played him out, and he was not in it at the finish ; but that he is a really good animal I am convinced, and more than one big event will go down before him. His stable companion, Prince Imperial, Is a very handsome fel low, but has not yet distinguished himself in public. Still, he has the breeding and. appearance of a racehorse, unless he belies both should have a great s»y in the matter when only asked to carry a feather like 6st, 12 b. With tab 61b. Minerva ran mqob4 to Tom Brotra for Tattersall's Cup, aud here sho has 191b. in^re, white the -length of the journey is ever so inucht less. It is certainly a ' great jump from 6st. 61b.; but (he rise is justifiable, and there is not any reason why she should -not run well. Silver King has yet to give a sign, Mistake is out of place, but Ctaptrap, ' who got home a length away from Le Grand, third, last year, with 7st. 121b., is well in now with 31b. less, and he will again bid high for a place. Z?no and Dic.Utor hava been fairly used, for tbe former was considered a good thing; for the Anniversary Handicap, and the latter can be made pounds better than he was on Monday. If dressed in hi a best, 7st. 81b. should not prevent Lord Wiltoa from occupying a forward position at the finish; and as Amelia Victoria has more than once accom plished fast time over five or six furlongs, she shculd not be left out ia the cold, but she is an ' in and out' run ning lady. If Bis Bis can be got into her best form, sha should be regarded with the greatest respect, for when a baby she ran hulf-a-mile at Adelaide in 48 seconds, and five furlongs at Flemington in 1.2£, the fastest on record ia Australia. Too Too is a mistake; bnt Salvo used to sl-uW lots of pace in his work, and i-'arabanda has some pnblio form on her side. Paganini once, ran five furlongs ia 1.5 at Eisternwick Park, with 8st. 111b. up,. an_ as he is a son of the wonderful St. Albans and ha only 7st. 51b. to dispose of, the Messrs. Robertson may see their colours very near the front. Espiegle and St* John cannot complain of their weights ; and if Backim ham be anything like as good as be promised as a two year-old he must be considered fairly used with 7st. 31b. Coronet has also been handled with tenderness, and Surry could not have got less; while if appearances are to be trusted the untried Premature may be a first-flight gentle man. At the weights the following dozen appear to be the best in: — Malua, Le Grand, Welcome Jack, Sir Garnet, Cooingsby, Dirk Hatteraick, Meander, King of the Gipsies, The Jewel, Anchorite, 13 ia - 13 ie , and Prince Imperial ; ana for three commend me to Le Grand, Malua, and Prince Imperial. 