A BEAD MAN'S LOVE. The rain had cuiitu so suddenly tliat the Countess Elsa Arcon could not possibly, even by putting spurs to her horse, roach . the Castle Lancut before sho was wet through and through, so she and her old tjroom, John Drim, drew rein under the portc-cochere of a dilipated building, that Deemed uninhabited iis well. The countess sprang from her horse, saying : "Here is shelter', at least, John. Is not this one of our, farm-houses ? Put up the horses, and we will wait in one of the rooms for the storm to pass." " Your ladyship forgets " " mat ? Arc all the rooms shut up ?" inquired the countess, now half way up the steps. " Not shut up; but your ladyship knows that a dragoon regiment was stationed here a week ago, and your ladyship has given them- one of your farm- houses for quarters.*" "Oh, was it this one?" laughed the countess, and as she knocked at the door with her riding-whip, it opened," and an ofiicer stepped out. Ho was tall, slender, yet strongly built man, the personification of the Greek Mars, in figure, Btrength, and carriage, but withal so deadly pale that the beholder could not decide whether his beauty was greater than liis singular pallor. " Oh!" he exclaimed, as he saw the lady, " pardon me." "I came to beg for admission. The old house belongs to 'me, but you are the owner at present; will ^ou give me and .my old John shelter from the storm '?" , " You will bring my poor room good fortune, mademoiselle," and telle found SiPEself in a room hung with epaulettes and uniforms ; the table was a chaos of books, letters, cigar-cases, gloves, cravats, jink-stands, and small change. He swept <fche table elear, -and she seated herself and looked through the window at the howling summer storm. y " You must keep us for a couple of hours, lieutenant," she remarked, " Will you t I am the Countess Elsa Arcon, of Castle Lancut." He bowed politely, but with slight indifference, almostmechanically. In everything that ho did there was something measured, almost soulless, as if he went through the customary forms of life by' routine. <" I am lieutenant Raymond Sternfeld. You spoke of my keeping you; but, as you let me know, the house is yours." " Not the room, though." She turned as she spoke; and for the first time they looked each other in the face. ~ 3|6r the first time she marked his youth, his exceeding beauty, his unnatural pallor, and shivered as if with sudden cold. And as his eyes rested on her he seemed to fear her, lovely as she was. He betrayed a sudden discomposure, and caught at his heart as one does when -overcome by sudden terror or sudden grief. But the Jifcule scene lasted scarcely a second, and tkejf continued Buch a conversation as first meeting. • She glanced^ out of the window again, and labelled jiici effects of the storm with an 'artist's inletest. " Does riot the beauty in all this wild- -iiesB impress you. deeply ?" she asked. r he said ; and again &he; noticed the terrible quiet of indifference in him, as if lie . were strange to tlip world and the wodd t&liim; ; as if he could feel neither joy nor sorrowj as if he were a handsome powerful ^sjtomaton, in whose face his maker had forgotten to put a touch of jiving color. " No ; I see nature's beauty and wildness, but I can not say they impress me.'- " You are fortunate," said the lady, slowly. " How comfortable it must be for you." " Do you think so ?" he replied, staring at the ragingv storm ; then, with apparent effort, he turned to his fair guest. "I am disgracefully negligent; let me draw .the sofa to the window." " No, tliank you ; I am a little cold.' •f Your habit is damp. What can me a cigarette. I aui.«c>rry that I have only Virginia, Jflsi, my ;Cossack, shall get you some tobacco anil irjea-paper." '' Wouid you have him drown on the way ?" cried the countess. " But you can not smoke Virginia." " I hope not. Do you take me for a , corporal?" she cried, with her own pretty vivacity. '' I only wonder at you smoking mch poison." " you are a connoisseur." "I have tried all kinds. My father was an inveterate smoker, and my husband, General Arcjm, was ill for five years before his death, and I was his only nurse. I learned to know my cigarette well during those long nights of watching and waiting, in the close, bad atmosphere of a sickroom." .. - She spoke sinSply, and Sternfeld threw her a glance that seemed to ask pardon for an injustice done her in his thoughts. " Bttt ~you -iSve' teaand.a aanjpvar, I see," she-added';:", will you give me a'cup of tea? You ace I invite myself." "I will make it for you, countess." " What! an officer make tea, with a lady in the room!" laughed the pretty woman, taking the old Chinese tea-caddy 4 and the samovar into her own hands. " Bezerdyi belongs to your regiment, I believe. He used to be in the Uhlans, and is a son of Field-Marshal Bezerdyi, is he not?" "Youknow everything, countess." " Oh, you wonder that I am well versed in army matteis. You must remember that I am a soldier's daughter and a soldier's widow. Otherwise I should not have flown so straight to a soldier for shelter from, the storm," she finished with a smile. There was pride and dignity in her smile, childlike as her eyes were. They drank their tea, the clouds broke aiway, and the countess rose to go. "Thank you," she said, as she gave him her hand, " and do not let me remain your debtor long. You are invited to come as a friend to Castle Lancut. I and my aunt, the Countess Odescali. will be delighted to see you. Will you come ?" He bent his handsome head. " Your permission is an honor. Our major, Count Lettwitz, will shortly wait upon you with his officers." 'Groo?i-.bye, then. I shall reach Lancut in sunshine." As she rode away two officers met her, and bowed. One was the captain Count Linski, a tall, slender man, with a projecting chin; the other was Count Dobski, ugly, and small, with freckles, red hair, and little, false, grey eyes. ' Look, that is the countess from the castle," said Linski. "She was talking with Sternfeld. How did Sternfeld, who is an iceberg, get mixed up"— The ugly little red-head smiled maliciously. "Sternfeld and a love- affair!" he said, scornfully. Not so impossible," returned Captain Linski. "Will you go with me and speak to him?" "To Sternfeld? No!" said the little count, sharply, and the Captain went alone. " You have had a visitor I see,"/he said, as he entered the room. "Lord knows, such a piece of femnity makes a bachelor's den more home-like, even if she is gone. The tea is hot still. Yes ; thanks. It was the Countess Arcon. Have you known her long 1 Or is she a relative ? " " I saw her to-day for the first time'," answered Sternfeld, in his indifferent riianner. "The rain drove her in." "You lucky dog ! Then you will not be sorry when the major takes us all to call upon her to morrow. She must be a Peculiar creature. Scandal has never sreathed name. She nursed an old husband on his death, bed, vegetates here with a half idiotic old aunt, plays the piano magnificently, and will not hear of a suitor. What is she like ?" 'I really did not notice her," said Sternfeld, in lrn lifeless way. The major and five of his officers made their visit to Castle Lancut. The Countess Elsa and her aunt Odescali received them charmingly. The Countess Odescali was sarcely more than a cretin who always smiled and ate, but she was a sort of a chaperon for the young widow, and, with the exception of the necessary retinue of servants they were the sole occupants of the castle. 14 As a widow," said the Countess Elsa in farewell, I have no reception day, but I hope whenever you are riding by you will come in for half an hour when you have the time to spare—and as many of you together as possible." There was a charming air of command about her last words. As a soldier's daughter and a hostess, she wished to be on good terms with'all the officers but to none intimately. When they were gone she said to her aunt: "Well, dear Mona, how do you like them 3" But she did not ask the question for the sake of any answer, for Madame Odescali's liveliest means of expression was an eternal, gentle smile. She was treated by her cheerful young niecfe like a poor orphan child, and the Countess Elsa talked with her only to express her own opinions and give her monologues an acceptable form. "You don't care much for the major, you woidd say," pursued Elsa. "He tries to be more niaitial than Mars. You like that long Count Linski the best; he is not handsome, and he seems to have a wicked- tongue, but he has some sense, you think. Bezerdyi is a nice boy ; yes, you are right. But I cannot endure that hideous Count Dobski, nor you either, aunt" He has never done us any harm, but we understand now the. proverb : * Red liair. avro.' All in all, we are raging, are we not, aunt ? Isn't it shameful that ae did not"come 1 It is unpardonable! Of course, ^the major said to them: Gentle- .nen, we must pay our respects to the countess on whose estate we are stationed^ md she will invite us to dinner on sundays, ' So they all came except him. I care nothing about it, but it would have been polite to return the -visit I was forced :to make liini." The Countess supposed that Aunt Odescali, as usual, heard little and understood she started^^heu, the Odescali, jpening heir heare^flHfaifch a little wider, said, thickj,"-: " The man who gave mc shelter in the rani. How do I know what is name is ? " " He is a count i" " No." " Is he handsome ?" "No." " What is he, then ?" " Rude said the countess with flushed cheeks, then she laughed, and added: What silly things we are to get so angry, Mona." Aunt Mona smiled, as usual. The countess did her duty : She invited the Officers who had visited her to dine at Lancut. The dinners passed off as such dinners do. They told military anecdotes, talked politics, paid a few compliments to the lady of the house, ate, , drank and felt completely at ease. In one of the anecdotes Lieutenant Sternfeld's name came up. " You know him, Comitess ?'' interrupted Captain Linski, involuntary. "He is a member of your regiment who trave mc shelter in the last rain-storm," said the countess tranquilly. "Why was he not with you when you called ?" i ' " Oh," cried Dobski, shrilly," Sternfeld is a little toque. Ho is a misanthrope of the deepest hue. You must not measure him by the rules of society. H$t-e you not seen him ? He is as white as the wajl. I believe he eats lucifer matches." Linski gave the little man a contemptuous glance, aad, in his deepest voice, said to the countess: In fact Sternfeld is shy. He used to be more sopiable, but for the last six months he haS apparently Been ailing?. Yet he is one of the bmtest officers in the army — a ;raari of / honor through jaiSI> through, and a h e r o . " " i " Lritil ho had that raicenti-v with Prince Teko, in "Vienna, about a etaiiartise of the worae reputation," cried DobskL "The advantage was all on Sternfeld's side, count," said . Linski, raising his roicc, "and you are the last person to refer to the affair, for the sake ef your friend Prince Teko." Gentlemen," said the coqntess in a mocking voice and a harughfcy face, "yrra are disputing about the right and wrong of a man in whom I have not the sfigbfeSt interest-. Pray finish yrrar former gtajy." And when her guests left her, Countess Elsa, who had talked, laughed, and played hor best-, leaned her lovely head on Aunt Mora's enoulder as if deathly weary, and said, faintly: " It has been a stupid day, Mona. For. s dauxen-se, they said, and he looks like Byron in his sorrow. I was very silly, Mona. Heaven be praised,' I am Oured." Aunt Mona smiled and Stroked the cheek of her niece, whe in that instant buried a something as yet formless and nameless in her stillest soul. So the summer passed away. The eountesa passed her days, as formerly, at the piano, or with her embroidery, in monologues with Aunt Mona, or receiving visits from the officers ©r from the ladies of the neighborhood. She was naturally too proud ev6r again to mention Lieutenant Sternfeld's name, and she had probably quite forgotten him, as it never appeared m her monologue with her aunt. But one chance threw her with him. It was of the high road. A lovely summer day was changing into a disagreeable afternoon of angry wind and dust. 'Hie Countess Elsi was sitting in a little pavilion at the park gules, where she had brought her work, and now she rose and leaned over the balustrade to watch a little caravan that wns being swept along the road. It consisted of a bearded Italian carrying a little child on his back; beside him ran a little boy with three pots, and a tiny girl wrapped in a coarse cloth, like a scarecrow, and the rear was brought up by a young man with a bass viol, a violin, and a bundle of clothes. They trotted by, oor children of the south, driven forward Ey the raw wind of the north, and the Countess Elsa's eyes followed them with the shadow of", tears.. One more came after; but no, lie did-not belong to them, this tall man in the faultless military cloak, and cap pulled far down over his brows. His eyes and here met s« directly that he could not but pause and bOw. "Did you see the poor people?" she asked, as she leaned over the railing. The pale officer neared the gates and rested one foot on the lower step of her •pavilion, but slie did not invitc him in. " Poor people ?" he inquired, as if astonished. " I saw none." " Oh, you are up in the clouds !" cried the countess. "They were just in front of you, and at first I took you for one of them." He did not smile. Such a tiling seemed impossible for his quiet features. "Oh, you mean the Italian musicians. Why do you call them poor ? They are two, they have children with them. I call them rich. What does your tender heart find to pity in them ?" There was slight irony in his tone, not that of a desire to wound, but that which springs from a bitterly roused heart. " Do you not see that they have no mother, and no home ?" cried the countess." ' 1 Home ? Why, they have the liveliest in the world—Italy." " Italy!" she exelaimed, angrily. " Eveiy man has the land of his birth, I suppose. But these poor people must wander, wander, wander among strangers, misunderstood, earning their bread from day to day, never seeing the next step before theni, going back to their Italy with gray hair and weary hearts, and knowing that she may grudge them even their graves." " And there are people who never may hope to see their native land again, countess," answered the pale officer, sharply. " There are many quite respectable people who wander among strangers, stammering another tongue, or grown quite dumb, but they find nO pity, because they do not parade their loneliness. Do you think an oak tree may not be lonely, helpless— may not die of neglect in the midst of a forest of oaks ?" She bent her head and rose. " You should know that better than I, die said; " but the storm is increasing and I am growing cold. Good night. She bowed and 'vanished from, the pavilion. He pursued his homeward way against the wind, but once he stood still and looked back. " She must hate me," he said to himself ; " and why ?" Then as he walked he murmured, " Is it worth while And when he reached home he said to his Cossack : " J6si, lay out my parade things tomorrow. I shall inake a visit. The Countess Arcon was on the point of making a tour of her field, when she heard the bell announcing a visitor. It seemed to ring like a call for help in the ears of the mistress.- " Poor Aunt Odescali and poor visitor," she murmured, aad turned back from the hedge-gate to the front steps. There she found Lieutenant Sternfeld. She bowed, but stood Still insteiad of entering the house. The beauty of the day might /be her excuse, though her reception was not cordial. He stood before her as before his general, and said,.ceremoniously : "Madamela comtesse, I have come to pay you my respects. How beautiful your park is!" It was a beginning, and they walked together along the gravelled path and around the fountain in front of the house He answered more than he talked, but she felt conversational with him in spite of herself. She showed him the "twp pavilions that her husband's parents ha4 built, and spoke of her own cijildish fancies. " Yes," he replied, " youth is irreprcs= sible. It is past and gone, and we give it up, but it always seems to be standing behind us. to keep a soft hand on our shoulder, and its sweet mouth says, 4 Tliank God for me.' " " All, I like you now !" cried Elsa; "you would look on those poor musicians of yesterday with different eyes to-day. You are one of those people on whom the weather lias a gveat influence, like plants," Do you think so, countess f he an swered, with a sad glimmer of a smile. But it iras A smile. "I think you are Siisfoken. Every heart longs for joy and «ladness ; thare is none that finds pleasure in melancholy only because the weather changes. The sunshine er storm that makes our souls light or dark is within us, ami Hot easily altered by force ef wfll." ^If people have heavy burdens to bear," oftid the eountesS, " they must not isolate themselves ; they must seek chcer-" ful people and toy to lead a cheerful life, else they will find jexistence poor ^aid wretehed." c c Do you mear me ? " he asked, nsoftfyr < r Yes" she returned, hearti]y. Pardon me, but I think you are a. little unsympathetic and unsociable. Of eourse it oonserns no one, least «f.nil a woman; but I am not a woman — I am a neighbour." He answered her smile, and there was something like gratitude in his glance and the light that came into his face like a winter stm en a saew-ffeRL H&ve; y*ra never heard, countess,he naked, slowly, °ef a woman who in a time of epidemic avoidefl her «nrn dftila, and Shut the door on her weeping treasure 1—who died alone, without a hand to wipe fiie deafii-tjanlp from her 'brow, that she might save her ohild of infection ? Or say that a man knows he is poisoned through and through—that the touch of his hand, the breath ef his lips will bring his own enrse en others—will he net say to those who love him, ' Back'? Or, rather, will he net avoid every opportunity to love, when he knows that ras love will bring destruction to its objeet 1 Or, fake a wretehed vagrant on whom rests the curse of some crime, and who expects every day to feel the hand of igaominy on his Shoulder"; let some loving being — a friend, a wife, a brother—epien the door of a home to him on his weary march, warm as the hearth may glow, soft as the lamp may burn, lovingly as the lips may smile, will he enter to bring his curse across that threshold ? No !" "Perhaps not" said Elsie Areon ; " but what courage, te be wretched, dying, and to push away the hand that would succor! But where hare you learned that dreary way of looking at life ? Is not this earth beautiful ? Look at the roses. See how the sun sends pearly lights across the spray in the fountain. Is it not glorious ? Is it not bliss to be alive?" "Whocould say no to you?" he answered with shining eyes .and a faint tremuloHsness of the lip. ''You fill every one that hears you with your jpy in life. It is a blessed gift, and one thai scatters blessings. Cod proteet you from all sadness r She blushed, but wdthout embarrassment, and their eyes met. When the glance of two pure and noble souls meet and hold each other, a moment of restful pause from the storm of life comes to both, even if what the world call love never has existed between them Mid never is to exist. She only thought how glad she was that at last he seemed happy. Suddenly something seemed to separate him from her, as if a horrible recollection swept over his souL He turned deadly pale, his mouth grew distorted, but only for a second ; then 'he regained his selfcontrol, the terrible quiet that she had "ust succeeded in breaking. Spirits may { ook so when they hover ever the cradle of an orphan child and hear the cock crow. "I quite forgot," he said, presently, "that 1 am -under orders to-day, and must go back. Pardon me for having trespassed onyour time so long, madame. Had she dreamed that this apathetic statue that spoke so mechanically and moved so wearily had been but a moment before a thinking, feeling human being ? No. As- she looked after him, Elsa said to herself that he was no misanthrope, he was not unfoeling, he was only mortally tired. He had a heart. A few dayte afterward there was a fair in one of the great market towns, and Elsa Arcon, with her Aunt Odescali and eight or ten friends from the neighboring estates, drove over in a party to look on. Late in the afternoon they set out for home, but the evening was so lovely that ft seemed a pity to separate, and what pledsanter than to accept the invitation of the pretty Countess Arcon, and Jiave supper and spend the night at Castle Lancut ? After supper, as the moonlight was bril- liant, they all went out on the terrace, where the night air was heavy with the perfume of flowers. " It is just the hour to listen to someth'ns thnlling," said one Of the ladies. " Who knows a ghost story V' " Or a murder story 7' said another. "Yop always have a story ready, Dobski;*' cried one of the men to the freckled little count, the only officer present. " Yes, I know a story, but not the sort you want. It iB true, though; I have it on the best of authority." "Oh, tell it! When did it happen? Do we know the heroine ?" "That I can not say, but-it happened about a week ago in Paris. The lady's name was Felice Franois. Her father was a general in the eavaliy, and she was out boarding-school. The old general, though he was much beloved by the army, was really rather a common sort of adventurer. Ae was extravogant to the last degree, guzzled champagne at breakfast-, and his wife was a milliner's doll, and nothing more. So he went on making de&s;, though he knew he never could pay, and every one lent- because he gave his word of honor. But a day came when he must either break his word or go to the Jows. Well, he had a frien% stn old man, who said to him : 4 1 wiil pay your debts on condition that you sell me your daughter—I beg pardonr—I mean that she will marry me.' So the father spoke„to his daughter, and she clung to the old man with both hands, and to secure silk dresses and diamonds for life she sold herself like a bale of goods." " Is that all the story V said a Polish count. "There is nothing junusuai hi that." " Yes," grinned Count Dobski, " it is a very simple story, but suppose the heroine were one of our friends ?" "Oh, it is too disgraceful:" cried the ladies. At last the moon set, and they separated for the night. As Dobski kissed his liostess : s liraid, she said : Thank you, count, for entertaining, my guests sp kindly when I was tired." "Oh, countess, you flatter me," he answered, modestly. But if he liad seen her heart he would have trembled, remorseless as ho was. Early the (next morning the guests assembled forj breakfast and departure. The lady of the* house sent her excuses. She liad caught cold on the terrace, and was unable to appear. After the guests were gone, Aunt Mona knocked at the door until she opened it. Here eyes were red, with sleeplessness or crying, as she said: "A little headache, auntie. I am better, tliank you." Then she went back to her chair, and sat down with her head in her hands, supposing her smiling aunt would go away. But suddenly she felt Aunt Mona's hand on her shoulder, and heard he say: " Elsa, I will tell you what is the matter. Will you listen V' Elsa stared at her. The stereotyped smile had gone from her face, and her eyes were dim with tears ; and she spoke distinctly, thoagh slow and heavily : " You wonder to hear me talk, and to khow ; that I can think. A veil seemed to fall from my mind not long ago, and my head began to live agam. But it was hard for me to talk, so I kept still, and 1 heard people say such evil things, that I did not eare to open my mouth tp them. But you never laughed at me, Elsa, and I must speak to you, for you arc unhappy. That foul-mouthed man wounded "you to the heart yesterday, and you are alone. I cam only comfort you, not help you ; you must find a friend to do that. You have one in your heart, an?l he is brave, but you would never call him, so I have sent for him, and he will be here to-day- Who is he, do you ask ? Could I mean any one but the man who this moment is riding to your door?" And she pointed to the window, and the man that Elsa Aroon saw was Lieutenant Sternfeld. She went down to receive him, and motioned him to sit beside her. He said, in his weary yet courteous way, that she had sent for him, and that he liad eome to know in what way he could be of service to her. She tried to answer rath coldness and pride, but she looked at liim and trusted him., " Pardon my sending for you," she answered ; "I need a friend." " Who has more friends than the Countess Areon ?' " Friends who would like to be suitors. Do you think one of the men who come to my house, if I called on them in this way, would not feel justified in taking advantage of it? F«r that reason I sent for you." "Forme?" "Yes; because you are indifferent to me as a woman, because you are indifferent to the whole world, and because I feel that you arc an honorable mail." She was almost as pale as he, as she continued : " So, in this moment of my life when I need help, wiil you be my friend (" She seemed rather to confer than ask a favour. " Your friend," lie murmured. . " It is .a simple thing that I ask you to do ; only to read this letter from my dead father on the day of my marriage to General Arcon." " Countess, I cannot read your letter, I cannot accept the honor of your friendship, li<u- ask you to rely on my befriending you." She rose, with rage and' shame. "Because I am not a datiscn^c/" she cried. " You know about' that ?" His eyes were unnaturally large, and his lips grew as white as his cheeks. She was frightened at what she had said,. but her pride came back. " I have heard it." 11 That <Z«/isciM>e, madame la comtesse, I have never spoken to, never even seen," he said, with a return of his customary indifference to her, to the world, to himself. '' Prince Toko was her avowed lover. One evening at mess, when he liad been drinking, lie gave an infamous description of his inamorata, with whom he had S uarclled. I did not know the woman, ut the thing enraged me. I told the prinee my opinion of him. That was all." She drew a long breath. "Can you pardon me ? I wus hurt at you refusing t» defend mc. And so the thing blew over T" His lips formed the word " Yes." " And you forgive me ?" " For what ?" " I was afraid I had wounded you," she said, almost shyly. He made no answer, only took the letter, and said : " I am to read this ?" " If you please." It ran as follows : " My DEAitLT beloved Elsa: Willyou, indeed, take this step ? Think that he is an old man, and you are still almost a child. True, he once did me a great service, and spared me a deep sorrow, but was he not my old friend and companion in arms ? Now that he is sick and alone he heeds care, you say,' and you will pay my moral debt and fetter your young life to a sick-old man. Don't do it Elsa, 1 implore you. Arcon is no longer rich, and w^are wealthy once more. "We will make him one of ourselves, and teach him to forget his pride, but not through your self-sacrifice. x There is still time to say no, Elsa. Say it!"' "I was an overstrung, eccentric girl," said Elsa, as he finished, " but I have never regretted my step. I gave my father's benefactor a happy old age.' The world judges only by appearances, and yesterday a wicked man said wicked things. of me to my face, without naming names. But how often vffi he name that at mess and in gossiping visits'? So all I ask is tliat a friend who is not a lover shall say with authority, ' It is not true.' Will you say that ?" " What do yourequire of me, countess?" he exclaimed. " If you only knew !" " What do I require !" she cried, in a stifled voice. " Is it so much ? Am I not_ worth even a word ?" - - "Yes," he groaned. " You must not speak so. You are tearing my heart out. Pardon me for leaving you, countess—t am ill. You shall learn whether I can be your friend or undertake tliis mission, but not now." His words r?.ng in lier ears, but he was gone. Lieutenant Siesxfeld to the Cou>*tess AKCOX. Mat>ame la Comtesse: I do not know what I am to say to you in tliis letter. I only know that I must tell you all that struggles in me. You will take these words for what they are, the ciy of a heart that would give the last drop of its biood to ST»are you a sad moment, to win a smile from you, to linger for an hour by your side. I am young, my heart is full to overflowing, and I shall never see you again. From the moment tliat you read these lines I shall liave vanished from the world for you. Do not be angry that I dared not accept the honor of being your brother. My unhappy fate forbids me to live with life, to count upon tomorrow. But one thing it does not forbid—the courage uud the power to tell you that 1 love you with the first, holiest, and oh, indeed, the last love of my heart. I love you with every fibre of my being, with every thought of my soul, with every pulse of my body that in a few moments is to moulder in the grave, where it has long been due. I love rou unutterably. God bless you. Farewell forever. S." * * * * * * A Starless night hung ever the Lancut estates, oppressive, damp darkness, through which a woman, knocked at the lonely farm-house where LieutenantSternfcld lived. The door was opened by the man himself, with a light in his hand. She entered; her old servant, John Drim, stood on the steps outside. The Countess ' Elsa Arcon pushed back the hood of her waterproof and said, as she stood within the tlireshold : " Lieutenant Sternfeld, you are a wicked man." He placed his light on the wiudow-sil! with trembling fingers, only saying: "You here, countess?" A and then stood with folded-haiids before "Hiiy as if she. were a saint. But she looked at him with breath^ less anger. 7 " You. terrrified me te death by your letter. Heaven be praised, yoft are here." " You were alarmed about me T' "Yesshe answered, honestly, though the glance she gave him was indescribablein its reproach and pride; " bow it is-ever. I was alarmed about a human being in deep distress. I was stupid enough for that. No one ever eared for my grief." He caught her hand and held her from going. "Elsa^ do not leave me !"* He cried. I told you tliat I was wretehed, and yon"— " I ouly wished to tell yon to be brave," she struck in. " You have a wife you do not love, or you ore in love with some one yeu cannot marry, and you whimper like a child. Is Chat manly T "Love anyone but you? I ean bear it no longer in this last hour when I must return to the grave in which I have been lying for n year. Elsa, I dared not take or return love, because—I am a dead man!" , Sho took a sudden step backwards and stared at him as if he was mad. "Yes," he continued, with his eyes fixed despairingly en .her face ; " Have you never felt it ? Listen. I am only a ghost; to. morrow's sun must not N see mc on earth. Do you think I am mad ? Listen. My parents were poor; I was alwaj-s lonely and ambitious, and I would not dissipate my youth as other men do in my profession. 1 told ybu of my quarrel with Prinee Teko. A duel naturally followed, but our colonel interfered and it was stopped, at least apparently; not really, however. As we could not fight openly, we arranged a secret duel. We drew lots *n the presence of two witnesses, Dobski and Linski. The one on whom the lot fell was to die bj his own hand befofcc the end of a year. It fell on me, and to-morrow is my last day. Why should I not have died before 2 I could take care of my mother so much the longer; and I lived so litti* alwa} T s working for my fortune. So I have lived my year, but how ! Day by day, lic*ir by hour, death crept towards me. I dared bind myself to no ono. I must stamp out all longing for life and leve. Then you came into my life, and I loved you., -J saw heaven, and dared not stretch out my hand toward it; I saw the highest blessing •oflifelieldout to me,and had to dash-itfroicmy thirsting lips. I must die-wind you stand before me the image of the beauty, glory, and blessedness of life, hopelessly lost to me." His eyes closed, and he fell full length before her, catching a fold of her dress in «4iis fall. She sank beside him, took liim in her arms, and begged liim, as if beside herself to say it was not true ; she cried that she loved him, and _ how was it pos-' sible for him to die when they could be happy ? "It is well I took the poison before* you came," he said, at last; "now I should, not have the eourage." His eyes did not close again, but rested* on her face with an expression of unspeakable love. She saw the ond was nearj and neither spoke nor moved. Her lipe received his last breath. The whole corps was at first horrified at the "legitimate" suicide of a brave comrade, who an hour before liis death had written to the colonel setting forth the reason, but they all declared he could not have done otherwise. ^ The Countess Elsa Arcon withdrew with her poor aunt to some quiet Italian baths. The great world thought the countess was acting nobly in tending her poor imbecile relative. They did not know it was the relative who-was nursing a dying woman. For when the Spring came Elsa went out of life as a flame gOe£ out. A malcidic de Uavgrnr, said the physicians. She was buriedi in the sweet Italian convent which she had endowed with her fortune, and in which Aunt Mona lingered out her last days, without a word and without a smile. — Translated front Ihe German of E. M. Vacano by Helen LaJx. 