THE LAND OF THE C OLDEN FLEECE. BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALi. I—AT SAN FRANCISCO. Five years ago, in the early springtime, eojourning for awhile at San Francisco, a friend drove me in his spider-wagon one enchanting, sunny morning through the leafy glades of the Golden Gate Park, and so to an botel on the seashore over against the famons Seal Rock. -I mind the trip well, for more than one reason. Lunching at the hotel I found my dear old friend, Edward Askew Sothern, who, as Lord Dundreary, had been playins to crowded houses at San Francisco daring the week, but who had been for a loag time in deplorably bad health. He looked that spring morning at the Cliff House as one unmistakably marked for death. All •who can might read " Thauatos" imprinted with ghastly distinctness on bis forehead. He was so pitiably weak and ill tbat he was compelled to forego partaking of a little entertainment which ive had planned for that afternoon, and to lie down on a couch until it was time far hiai to return to El Dorado and play torn tool— and how inimitably did he play it! -for the five or Eix thousandth time as the eccentric whom he had taught millions of Americans, and even Englishmen, to regard as the lifelike type of a member of the British aristocracy. I was only to gaze upon his h<*ndsome face and listen to his kindly voice once more on tliis side the grave. A few months after our meeting on the shore hard by the Golden Gate, I just had time to shake his hand and interchange half a dozen words with him in a private box at the Princess's Theatre, London. A very few days afterwards I heard that poor Sothern was dead. Bnt there is another reason why that trip to the Cliff House and the Seal Rosk continues to dwell in my memory. Twas when tlie wagon turned a sharp angle of the road, shortly before we arrived at our destination, that mine eyes first caught sight of the Pacific. Yes; the Pacific Ocean, a broad bar of ultramarine, gleaming at the end of a vista cf graceful foliage. I have heard of travellers who have expressed themselves as disappointed with the Atlantic, and who have even failed to be impressed fcv the first Bight of the Falls of Niagara ; and it is related of John Kemble, the tragedian, that visiting Chunounix very late in life, he made no secret of hiB opinion that Mount Blanc was a much overrated mountain. I ofen, myself, that I have gazed without emotion on the Guadalquivir, and that I never thought much of the ManQanaus. But the first rapid glimpse of the Pacific filled me with almost unmingled delight. It was worth while—well worth while—to have come so many thousands of miles to behold that sea; to have been jolted in the train day after day from Chicago to Omaha, from Omaha to Ogden, from Ogden to Sacramento City ; to have traversed Wearyfoot Common, otherwise the Rocky Mountains; to have run the gauntlet of the snowsheds and Webber's Capon and the Devil's Slide ; to have threaded the gorges of the Sierras Nevadas ; and, entering at-laet. on the joyous descent of the Pacific Slope, to have passed through what appeared to you as a terrestrial paradise after all the snowy deserts which you had painfully plodded over. And at last you had reached the Iong-yearned-for Pacific. I said that my delight in reaching a bourne so anxiously awaited was almost unmingled. Bat there was just one little drop of bitter in my cup of joy, I stood for a long time alone in the verandah of the hotel, filling my vision with the now-unimpeded view of the blue ocean. Over against me, within pistol-shot, was the group of rocks on which the brownfurred, black-eyed, good-natured-looking seals were clambering, or lying basking in the sun by the score and by the hundred. Anon they would descend and dive into the briny spray, beet, I suppose, on a brief fishing excursion. Now and again there would be a tumultuary Bplashing in the water, and an .ominous popping-up from the surface of one bullet-head after another—bullet-heads displaying teeth likewise—as though seal had iallen out with seal, and there was a fight in progress on some disputed question of a piscatorial property. Ail this while the seals, which were clambering or skylarking on the crags or shaking the foam from their fur coats, ceased not to bark like mad. The residents .of the western extremity of the Marineparade at Brighton used bitterly to complain of the nocturnal uproar raised by the sea- -iioxts at the Aquarium. I wonder what those delicately nerved people would have thought of the incessant bow-wowing of the hairy denizens of the Seal Rocks? Surely the narrow waterway between the crags and the cliffs ought to be called "Barking Creek !" But 1 looked far ahead—far, far away beyond the waste of blue. I looked to the horizon. Over there was China; over there •was Japan i over there was Australia. For how many years had I been longing to look nut life in the Southern Hemisphere! In the Bay of San Francisco there was a plenitude ' of stont ships, which, in less than a month, -would bear me to Hongkong, to Yokohama, or to Sydney. And why not return to England by the way -of India? It was not 'to be this time. I had been globe-trotting for many years, but the pardonable ambition to be a circumnavigator was not yet to be gratified. Besides, I had responsibilities behind me. I had given hostages to Fortune in the United States. 1 had come straight to .'Frisco, leaving Utah unvisited. I was morally round on my return eastward to turn aside at Ogden, branch off at Salt Lake City, and have a peep at what was going on down among the Mormons. There was, besides, a matter of two portmanteaus and a bonnet-box left in the baggage-room of the Grand Pacific Hotel at Chicago, and the remembrance of these impedimenta lay heavy on my soul. And my mind was further troubled by the thought that there was a box full of booKs waiting for me at New York. I must go back by the way which I had come —the Union and Pacific, the Chicago and North-Western, and Erie Railways, and so, by a Cunard steamship, to England. Five years are a large slice out of the life of an elderly wanderer; yet time and the hour have worn out, somehow, the roughest of the days and months between Christmas 1879 and Christmas 1881. Once more I left 'London at the beginning of "the festive season." Once more I have gone to sea in a etorm, traversed the snowy and icebound Eastern States to find strawberries, green peas, oranges, and japonicas growing in the open in California, Once more a friend has driven me down from the Palace Hotel through the Golden Gate Park to the Cliff Houee and the Pacific beach; and once more ' I have watched the gambadoes and listened to the barking of. the merry brown seals on the group of rocks. But it has not been •wistfully, nor with the sickness of hope deferred, that 1 have gazed, this time, upon the huge azure expanse and scanned the horizon. My baggage is at the wharf, and my bark is in the bay. This is Saturday, and on Monday the steamer in which I ha^e taken passage—the good ship Australia, Captain Ghest commanding—Btarts for Honolulu and Sydney, New South Wales. But I must now write in the past tense. Many morns of observation, adventure, and experience .have passed, and I have been slowly, sedulously, and laboriously endeavouring to learn something of a country vast and new and strange to me. But ere I enter on the narrative of what I saw, and heard, and thought in the Land of the Golden Fleece—in the Australian Colonies— some brief space may be allowed to me wherein to tell how I came hither, and what manner of things and people, and what vicissitudes of climate, and the ways of the mighty deep I met with on my way. specially may I dwell perhaps on the last ght of my sojourn in the beloved City of San rancisco. Ay, beloved ! You know what • he Romans say of the Fountain of Trevi. The stranger, they declare, who has once drunk of the Trevi waters is bound to return again and again to the Eternal City ; and indeed, even as I am penning these lines, in a kind of bird - cage, opening on to a verandah looking out on the beautiful Fitzroy River at sultry Rockhampton, in Queensland—we aie not far from the tropics, and one of the leading local is journals called the Capricornicm—I am thinking of what.a very nice thing it will be if I am spared to bid farewell to Australasia at the height of her summer next Christmas, and travelling homewards by a P. & O. touching at Brindisi, or an Orient touching at Naples, to find myself in the early springtime at Rome, and within touch of the Fountain of Trevi. There are ho fountains in 'Frisco that I am aware of, but you always preface your breakfast—such a breakfast—at the Palace Hotel, Market-street, by quaffing a tumblerful of iced water, and devouring a couple of oranges, to put yon in proner trim for the fried oysters, the torn cod, the'tender loin steaks, the scrambled eggs, the stuffed tomatoes, the fisnballs, the buckwheat cakes, and the strawberries and cream which are to follow. Pio Nono once told Kaiser Wilhelm that all Christians belonged, somehow or another, to the Pope. The Imperial Hohenzollern was unable to recog- nise the cogency of the assertion; still I am fatalist enough.to think that when a traveller has once drunk his glass of iced water and sucked his oranges in the breakfast-room of the Palace Hotel, he is unconsciously subjected to an obligation to cross the Rockies and the Sierras -Nevadas again and again; to " do the block" in JKearney-street and be fascinated by the beauty of the ladies engaged in afternoon shopping in that fashionable thoroughfare: to be amazed at the architecture magnificence of the Californian millionaires'red-wood palaces on "Nob Hill;' and while admiring the celerity, efficiency, and cheapness of the cable-tram street cars, io do his best to avoid being run over by those swift and 6ilent but somewhat perilous arks. To be plain, San Francisco is one of the pleasantest cities in the whole world; and you experience the liveliest sense of gratification in " belonging" for the time to Mr. Sharon, the Manager of the Palace, and to Mr. George H. Smith, the courteous, indefatigable, and u'-iijuitous chief clerk of that colossal establishment. There had beea fearful snows in the Eastern States. Winter had put on its ghastliest guise in Cincinnati, and the streets of Chicago had been so' many avenues of avalanches. Snow on the summits of the Rockits and snowdrifts in the canons aad gullies, aud the English mail bound for Australia, via New York and 'Frisco, was two days late. Captain Ghest was staying at the Palace : and as least six tines a day did we who had taken our passages for Sydney interrogate the countenance of that intrepid commander, as though it had been a barometer. We were ashamed to ask him orally too often as to the day .vhen he thought the royal mail steamer Australia w->uld really start on her voyage to Sydney, for mister mariners [have much to pat up with, both on sea and laud, from passeugers; and. I have known captains who had quick tempers, and who could give upon occasion short answers. How stinging was the rebuke administered by the late Commodore Judkins, of the Cunard service, to the lady passenger who, when the ship was off the Banks of Newfoundland, asked him if it were always foggy there. "Do you think I live here, mum?" Quotn stern Commodore Judkins. From Captain Ghest, who was quite a model of mutieii politeness, we did not expect curt answers of the snub-direct order; but in courtesy we spared him the infliction of perpetual queries amounting to " When do you really think the Australia will sail, captain ?" But twenty-four hours after twenty-four hours passed by, and the Australia made no sign of sailing. A rumour ran that the captain had been eeen to shake his head in a very desponding maimer about luncheon - time, and straightway was it bruited about that the mail-train had come to grief somewhere near Cheyenne. Then several snowsheds in the Sionas had, it was vehemently asserted, been burned down, and then the confident statement got abroad that the mail was hopelessly snowed-up 20 miles west of Ogden. But towards dinnertime it was noised far and wide—in the world of the Palacs Hotel—that Captain Ghest had been seen to smile in a waggish manner, and to interchange jokes -with Mr. George H. Smith in the clerk's office.^ Then hope revived, and valises, which in gloomy uncertainty had been half unpacked, were joyfully repacked, and strapped, and corded. On Sunday we learned that the overdue mail train from England was coming along bravely, and that the Australia would positively sail on the ensuing Monday, at 2 p.m. 1 shall not readily forget my last night iu San Francisco. I had " rested" there some nine days, if it could be called resting to have dined out five times, lunched out seven times, and attended a wedding, two evening receptions and suppers, and three 5 o'clock teas. But this Sunday night was to be the last one ere I embarked, and I had a double engagement to fulfil. I had an appointment with an officer of police at 9 p.m. to explore the penetralia of China Town, and at 11 I was to attend a " small-andearly" at the Palace Hotel itself. Under ordinary circa instances I might not have felt any violent inclination to revisit China Town. Joliu Chinaman's picturesqueness is apt ft> become after a time monotonous, and then to-day to satiate, and at length to revolt. Take hitn at his best, and with the most favourable surroundings, the Celestial somehow leaves an unpleasant taste in your mouth. The Roman epigrammatist who didn't like Zabidus, and the Oxford undergradute who didn't line Dr. Fell might be unanimous in the expression of their dislike for the Heatheu Chinee, yet as incapable of giving a definite reason for their aversion. It was the Chinese New Year, and when we plunged into the congeries of narrow streets where the yellow men most do congregate we found this strange excerpt fron the Flowery Land, this assemblage of ba-trays, chow-chow cabinets, chopsticks, pigtails, and shoes, gwith paper soles {so oddly worked up on the Pacific coast, generally and jubilantly en feteLi Hang Chung was having a " high old time" of it, Quang Choo Loo was entertaining all his wife's relations, and Go Bang Wum was "Jiving a banquet in honour of his ancestors under the Ming dynasty. The eaves and bulks of the stores were thickly hung with paper lanterns of divers colours, and on every side was audible the fizzing and bursting of crackers. The police force usually on duty in the Chinese quarter had been largely augmented in view of the festivities of the New Year (February 15), not through any apprehension of the Chinese falling out among themselves—for, as a rule, they are peaceable folk enough—but in order to guard against the contingency of the white " hoodlums" or roughs coming down in force from the American quarter of the city, and "going for" the Celestials. To stone, buffet, and kick John Chinaman, to haul him hither and thither by the pigtail, and roll him in the gutter, so as to smirch and spoil his nice, clean, New Year's clothes, are recreations dear to the hoodlum heart, fortunately, on this occasion the hoodlums did not muster very strongly in China Town ; while, on the other hand, there was quite a large gathering of respectably dressed ladies and gentlemen mingled with the crowd of Orientals, and tranquilly amusing themselves by watching the bizarre panorama which was being unrolled. All the leading merchants and storekeepers were keeping open house or open shop in honour of the New Year, and in every store which we entered the proprietor welcomed us with gravely punctilious politeness, pressing upon us cakes, oranges, sweetmeats, together with cigars, champagne, and some lukewarm alcoholic preparation served in dainty little porcelain cups, and of which beverage the flavour closeiy resembled that of very bad whisky—the well-known " silent spirit' or " cocked hat" blend which had been stirred up with a tallow candle and clarified with an ancient egg. But we should not look the gift horse in the mouth. It does not. matter much where that villainously nasty alcoholic stimulant came from. I do not think either that the champagne was in any way affiliated to the vintages ot Epernay, or that the cigars had had their birth in the island of Cuba, or even in Bremen or Hamburg. They were more probably . " domestics," manufactured in California by the hands of Chinese artisans. Still the wine fizzed [and sparkled and was potable, and the cigars were smokable, and all was offered with graceful hospitality and good faith. If all the Celestials in China Town resembled the merchants and manufacturers there would be no need to recall the unreasoning ill-nature of the epigrams on Zabidus and Doctor Fell. Unfortunately, the mass of the inhabitants of the Chinese quarter are the nastiest of nasty creatures. We went to the largest of the two large theatres. The house was crammed almost to suffocation by a hilarious and strongly malodorous audience. So densely indeed was the auditorium packed, and so very powerful was the perfume emitted by the audience, that the obliging manager insisted that we should witness the performance from the stage itself, where stools, cigarettes, and tea were brought for our accommodation and refreshment. It needed but to strew the stage with rushes to imagine that the Elizabethan age of the drama had come again on the shore of the Pacific. What the play itself was about of course I could not tell, nor did it matter one cent what was its scope or purport. Possibly it was a portion of the self-same drama of which I had been a spectator when I was last in 'Frisco, in March, 1SS0, and which had been going on without a solution of continuity ever since. It was more interesting to enter the dressing-rooms and wat oh the actors bedizening themselves and "making up" their faces. In the propertyroom, too, I saw a large number of appallingly hideous masks ; while in the wardrobe I was shown shelves piled with dresses reall/ extraordinary in the splendour of their fabric and ornamentation. The Chinese theatres of San Francisco, at which performances take place twice a day, Sundays not excepted, are, they tell me, always full. Surely Hi Quang, or How Long, or Yew Bit must be very prosperous managers indeed. From the theatre we went to a very grand entertainment indeed, the cookery being exclusively Chinese, and the use of chopsticks in preference to knives and forts d>> riffueur. We did not partake of the banquet, which was laid out in an infinity of little round saucers. What they contained— pickled eels' feet a la daube, or ••salmi ot frogs' giblets, bird's-nest soup, dried ducks, beche-de-mer, snipe, or snails, or puppy dogs, tails—I know not. The banqueting table waB very prettily decorated with artificial flowers cut out or coloured papers ; aad, as a preliminary to the feast, there was a vocal and instrumental concert, givea by a b idy of Chinese maidens, ranging to all ajijearanje between 14 and 17 years ot age, and who were clad in loose casaqui-is and wide trousers of rich materials, eusaiituoasly bro- caded. None of them were " Golden Lilies" or small-footed. Their complexions were ivory white, their eyes almond-shaped and sable as sloes, their hair very black and lustrous, and very well dressed. They wore a profusion of jewellery, and their eyebrows and lips were manifestly painted, They would really have been pretty but for the sickly, dejected, downtrodden, almost imbecile simper playing about their ruddled lips—the simper of the slave continually deprecating the always imminent bamboo. They were, indeed, professional glee- maidens, the apprentices, and while their apprenticeship lasts the mere slaves and chattels of their master—a fat, tall, Chinaman, with a face like an over- ripe vegetable marrow. The singing was _ the usual Chinese whine, rising no ^ and again to a screech, an ululation no doubt delightful to Oriental ears, but to the Occidental, tympanum distressingly dissonant. We left thi3 scene of revelry to pay a visit to a Joss-house. The temple was situated up three pair cf stairs, kept scrupulously clean and carefully oilclothed, but the stairs were rather|ineonveniently crowded by pilgrims to the Joss, and among this throng there seemed to !>e fully as many Americans as there were Chinamen. The Joss-house itself was an octagcnal auartment, with a hii;h altar covered with painted mats, and behind it a kind of reredos of wood, elaborately carved, gilt in some places, and in others daubed with garish hues. On the altar itself was a heterogeneous assemblage of lacquer trays, : porcelain vases full oi cut-paper flowers, bronze and icory ornaments, table nay'.iia i tied up with parti coloured ribbons, pistry confectionery, dried fish, nuts, oranaes, axl little saucers full of what appeared to b=i respectively saffron and indigo. These last, : together with a number of gaudy little paper purses which looked suspiciously like • Christmas crackers, were, I apprehend, offerings to the Joss. That which struck nie as passing strange in this temple was that there was not the slightest devotional expression on the countenance of the crowd of Chinamen who passed before the altar. They gazed on the display with the usual listless simper, and refrained not froni cracking languid jokes to each other in their own unintelligible Mongol. Perhaps it is not in accordance with Chinese etiquette to be religious in a Joss-house when Fanquis are present. Psrhaps the really devout Chinaman reserves his genuflections and his prostrations for a time when he can be alone with his Joss. Aa inscrutable race. John Chinaman always reminds me of a cat, from Montaigne's point of view. You may laugh at Grimalkin, but j don't be too sure that he is not laughing at ; you. John Chinaman, I fancy, knows a • great deal more about you than you do about ; him. When we left the Joss-house we began i to sink lower and lower in the social s^ale, ! and contrived at last to get very low ij;j|! indeed. Although 'twas New Year's Night si.-! a high holiday, the Chinese pawnbrokers wi:e doing a roaring trade. Why should Mine Uncle have been immerBed in business at this festive season ? Simply for the reason 1 hat most of the Chinamen who were not at ' the play, or the Joss-house, or who were not j smoking opium or dead-drunken with that drug, were gambling, and that as a Chinaman when he is gambling will stake not only his money to the last cent, but the worth of his wearing apparel and his minutest personal belongings, it follows that the pawnbroker is a very convenient accessory to the gaming-table. Is our avuncular kinsman wholly unknown in the luxurious haunts of Monte Carlo ? When Madame la Princesse Katerichasoff has been losing heavily by backing zero, has she not been known over and over again, en plfia tripot, to slip from her fair arms her dazzling diamond bracelets, to push from her rosy ear-lobes their gleaming pendants, and by the hands of a watchful servitor send the glittering gew-gaws to the pawnbroker's ? The world, after all, is not so big a village as we sometimes take it to be. Humanity in far distant lands does not vary half so much as we think, or pretend to think, that it varies; and between this villainous pawnshop in the Chinese slum at 'Frisco and the elegant establishment of Mine Uncle in 'Frisco who shall say that there was not a close bond of union? Yes; there is really much brotherhood among mankind, although perhaps there is a much larger amount of fraternity in vice than in virtue. As for the Celestial pawnshop at 'Frisco, the objects pledged were certainly more remarkable for their variety than for their intrinsic value. A few rusty revolvers—possibly " snabbled" or stolen from their original "Mellican" owners, for the Chinaman, as a rule, is not a shooting .human—shoes with paper soles, broad-brimmed hats, umbrellas, bundles of wearing apparel, fans, fryingpans, handbells, saddles and bridles, lanterns, clocks, a bamboo chair, and a musical box. And the pledging continued merrily late into the night season, for " fan-tan" was at its height, and gambling ceased not in its fastness and its iury. : ; i 1 j 1 : j ' | i ! i ! I From the pawnshop to an " opium joint"— a kind of soporific tavern, an opium-smokers' " pub," where for a paltry fee the slave to narcotic enjoyment is privileged to consume a certain quantity of tne drug and to occupy a bunk or a portion of a bunk until he has slept off the effects of his debauch. It was an illicit "joint," of course, quite contrary to the law; but we saw many more illegal spectacles that night of flowery festivity, and the grosser the violation of the law, State or municipal, the greater was the alacrity of the lawbreakers to admit the officer of police. It was as though they were saying " Take us as we really are; see us at our very worst; and then judge candidly for yourselves whet!)'- you white-skinned lawmakers are morally very much better than we yellow-skinned lawbreakers are." In some of the vilest of the dens which we visited on that night of feasting and revelry—cellars beneath cellars, tier below tier of infamy and squalor too dreadful, too shameful, and too sickening to describe—our coming was evidently expected. The officer of police was dreaded, and perhaps hard, but he was a personage to be conciliated and propitiated. Thus every door of an exceptionally illegal haunt was instantaneously opened in response to the slightest tap from our conductor's knuckles, and in some of the sub- subterraneans, in which the passages were unusually dark, noisome, and tortuous, and the constantly recurring stairs, unusually ricketty and rotten, the kerosine lamp placed at intervals on the filthy floor would be supplemented by cleft sticks, holding an inch or two of candle, lighting which the experienced alguacil would pilot us through fresh caves, fresh dens of hidecu3 odours and hideous doings. The faces that I saw that night—faces more abominable in their distortion and depravation, from the normal aspect [of humanity, faces which, in their groteBqueness and their horror, made pale and [sickly the wildest efforts of the graphic imagination of Jacques Callot and Breushel d'Enfer and the Spaniard Francisco Goya—haunt me now as I am writing in the sunshine and among the vivid greenery of a beautiful land. And they were the faces not only of men, but of women. The ghost of thatlastNew Year'sNightin China Town, San Francisco, I contrived, however, to lay in the Red Sea; for, bidding adieu to our cautious and courteous cicerone, the officer of police, who would take neither fee nor reward for his pains, I had to hasten back to the Palace Hotel and array myself in the warpaint of civilization, that is to say evening dress, for I was to be a guest in one of the suites of rooms of the hotel itself, at a " small and early," organized on a scale commensurate with the San Franciscan ideas of smallness and earliness; so that when I went, very late indeed, to bed my dreams were fortunately not of the Mongolian, but of the Caucasian race—they were dreams of bearded men and beautious ladies in radiant toilettes, of the glittering of diamonds and the_ curling fumes of Cabanas regalios imperiales at 75 cents apiece—dreams of champagne which really came from Epernay, and cost five dollars a bottle, with perhaps some transient visions of a peculiar Californian punch, which, I am informed, contains twelve ingredients, comprising, its concoctors proudly boast, not one single drop of water. On the morrow one had, much against the grain, to bid farewell to 'FriBco. Jordan, we all believe, is a hard road to travel. So is it hard to get to El Dorado, but it is much harder, morally, to get away again, simply because the city is so beautiful, the people so hospitable and so kind, and life in general so thoroughly enjoyable. There is, perhaps, a little too liberal employment of the revolver in the adjustment of political and journalistic difficulties ; but it was not my luck to quarrel with anybody during my brief and happy stay among the Argonauts, and no descendant of Admiral Jason offered to put the contents of a six-shooter into me. Some of the Eastern papers bare a poem written by Deacon Spinks, of Squashvllle. Says the good deacon— " I'm Deacon of the Squashville Church, and once a month or so I come to Yotk to look about and see how matters go; For how could I denounce its sins on meetin' evenin's there If I didn't go and see the thing in all its hiius glare?' T.he Arizona editor has got into trouble. Be explains it thus:—" We edit onr paper this week from the gaol, where we are living for the present. We have been put in the jog for a mouth because we resented an insult offered us by the pin-feather journalist who tries to ran an opposition paper in this town. But if he thinks he will muzzle the Press in this way he is mistaken. Like Edmund Yates, we shall come out of gaol stronger than ever, and shall take our olace in the world with renewed vigour and strength. A month is not a long time to a man with a good conscience, which is our cise. We would request our friends to turn in all items of news to the gentlemanly gwler, who will give them to us." 