CHAPTER XXXVII. — MAY IS BIDDEN TO AN ENTERTAINMENT. When morning dawned, Bid went into her own little house and stripped the walls of the pictures which had lent them such splendour, carrying with these her chair, table, stool, and basket all to the cave which held the posses sions of her cherished friends. ' Sell them wid the rest,' she said, ' for Bid will be Bid the thraveller to the end o' her days.' It was not without a sigh that the old creature thus put oat of her mind her last earthly dream ; but so many earthly dreams had faded from her, that one more seemed easy to forget. Having emptied the cabin, she left the door standing open, so that Simon, or the winds, or the foxes might take possession when they pleased. Early in the day Simon arrived with some stout niffins ready for any mischief. It was a very great labour for the old man to climb the hills, but his daty was before him, and he ac complished it He did not find much trouble in doing the work after all, and he perceived with bitter regret that he could have easily done it alone without the expense of assistants. The people walked out quietly with their bundles in their bands, having already suffered the worst of the evil that had been thrust upon them. They had wept cut the blaze of their hearthstones ; they had broken their houshold gods with their own hands ; they were only now to pass for the last time across the familiar threshold. In one house indeed there was found a little difficulty ; for Simon on pushing into it came face to face with a corpse ; the body of the poor consumptive girl, who had died of fear in her mother's arms. Simon re treated in horror before the sight of death ; and this house was left in peace. The woman who could not move was lifted, bed and all, and placed on the hilL Later, friends took her on their shoulders and carried her down the mountain to Miss Martha's barn, where a snug little chamber had been cleared for her in the straw. Her eldest daughter stayed by to take care of her, and the other children were settled among the farmers in the neighbourhood by May, who was now moving about So this family was disposed of till the father, who was in England, could contrive to find money enough to bring them across the sea. Miss Martha gave a lodging to many other tired souls that night In the dusk of the summer evening the partings took place. There was wild wringing of hands and weep ing and embracing, for friends gathered from many parts to say good-bye to the wanderers. The band of sad travellers passed away down the road and disappeared like the shadows in a dream. They sang a wild ' keen' in chorus as they went, and the shrill note of sorrow hung long and vibrated in the still air. Faintly and more faintly it echoed in the night, the mountains replying to it as long as they could hear. Then silence and darkness settled down upon the moors, and Simon's work was done. The shepherds and the cattle might come to the mountains when they pleased. News had come over the hills of great doings at Camlough. It was quite a year since there had been anythtng like an enteitainment given at that place ; but the whispers ot debt and difficulty which had been multiplying like cob webs over Sir John's fair fame for hospitality were now to be blown away upon the breath of much dissipation ; and Camlough was to wit ness scenes such as the hills had never dreamed of. Guests were coming from England, the castle was filling rapidly, and a series of enter tainments had been devised. In this way were the Archbolds carrying out the doctor's pre scription. The were providing amusement for the heir of TobereevU ; and they were bent upon doing it well. The first piece of gaiety was to be a fancy ball, and guests were invited to it for a hundred miles round. It was a rare idea of Katherine's -to send May an invitation. Miss Martha was not invited ; nor was May asked to stay longer than just while the ball lasted. No carriage, no escort, no chaperone, no dress ! Katherine smiled as she sealed the missive which was meant to make May weep. It was a sultry evening towards the end of July ; the sun had gone down, but the crests of the mountains were still at a red heat Crimson and yellow were still throbbing in the air, and the woods looked hot and dusty, for the dew had not as yet begun to falL The garden paths were baked, the roses hung their heads, and May knelt on the ground tying up the rose-trees, and gathering their fallen'leaves. The sky made a wall of flame at the back of the Golden Mountain, and May's thoughts were beyond the mountain, and seemed to scorch themselves in the flame. A servant in livery rode up to the gate, and Bridget came down the garden with a note for her young mistress. May read the note, and as she did so the blood rushed to her cheeks and forehead, till her eyes ached with the heat, and refused to read any more. Then the flush ebbed away again, and she walked into the house as white as a ghost. ' Aunty,' she said, ' look at this. I am going out for a walk.' And before Miss Martha's spectacles were fairly set on her nose, May was several perches across the leather. Lines of shadow were tracking out the hollows of the moor, and there were brazen lines beside them May seemed walking all the way through wreaths of fire, but she noticed nothing of that, having fire within her heart Castles were burned to cinders in the sky, crags quivered in the flames, and were left charred and spectral. The fires were van quished at last ; twilight came, and a veil crept over the brazen brow of the woods. Fevered nature drank the dew, and slept It was quite dark when May came in from her walk. The fires then were also quenched in her heart ; but a daring thought had been moulded into purpose while they burned. In the morning she had written a note, and burned another before her aunt ap peared. ' I thank you, Katherine Archbold, for giving me an idea,' she said, solemnly, as she tore the pretty letter, and bumed it in little pieces. ' An awful piece of impertinence,' said Miss Martha, entering the room as May held the last fragment to her taper. ** So plain that they did not want you when they never mentioned me. The might safely have paid us the compliment, not fearing we should go. So plain that they did not want you.' ' Very plain, indeed, Aunty. I shall take them by surprise.' 'My dear,' said Miss Martha, faintly, ' what did you intend to say ?' ' That I have acceptad the invitation,' said May. ' And I mean to go.' Miss Martha dropped her band wbicb nad been raised to grasp the teapot She looked astonished, shocked ; then pained and angry. For some minutes she was speechless. ' My love,' she said at last, ' you are surely not yourself. You do not know what you are saying. You ? ' ' Do not say a word till you hear my plan,' said May, quickly. ' If I fail, you may talk to me in any way you please, or you may scold me if I succeed ; but you must not hold me back ; for, Aunty, this is the enterprise of my life.' 'Tell me what you mean,' said Miss Martha, with the air of a person whose mind is made up to the worst Then May unfolded her plan, and her aunt, with many misgivings, was obliged to allow her to put it in practice. May, having got her will, began to follow it in curious fashion. She had first to consider about a costume in which she could appear at a fancy ball, and went about her duties with her mind set on queens and heroines, and especially on their wardrobes. She visited all Miss Martha's ancient stores, lumber-rooms, and closets, deep drawers, and seldom- opened chests, looking for possible treasures of colour and material, and hoping for an inspiration as she went along. There was little to be found that could suit her purpose till Miss Martha at last produced, a litlle reluctantly, some yards of carefully saved light-blue tabinet which had been part of her own mother's wedding finery, anp upon this May seized at once with greedy hands. ' Give it to me,' she said, earnestly ; ' in deed it could not be used for a more sacred purpose.' This fragment of the past, some old black velvet, and some clear-starched muslin, were the best that they could find to suit her pur pose. A pair of long gold ear-rings, with a gold cross to match, presented to Miss Martha while she was] in Normandy, decided May as to the costume which she must assume. She must make the best attempt she could at the dress of a Norman peasant. Miss Martha gave help in designing apparel ; and by the aid of her aunt's memory, and the suggestions of an old water-colour drawing done in Miss Manila's governessing drys, May cut out the garments and set to work. When Bid arrived from the mountain she was told that the young lady wanted her, and was taken into her chamber, where Miss May was stitching buisiy, and with plenty to say to Bid. In one of Miss Martha's outhouses there stood an odd litlle vehicle which had been much used in its time, intended to be drawn by a mule, and called a waggon. It was covered with close curtains of dark green stuff, and had a seat running round the interior supplied with hard green cushions. The floor was matted, and many people have travelled in a less comfortable equipage. On the night of the fete at Camlough this waggoa stood in waiting under the thickest hedge at the lower end of the garden at Monasterlea, having found a hiding-place, since its driver wished to escape all observation from the road. There were many stollers abroad on this particular night who watched for a glimpse of the carriages that had been rolling past all the evening. It was now getting late, and the carriages had ceased appearing. They had a long way to drive after they had passed Monasterlea. May had been tired that day, and had gone to bed early. Bridget had brought her some tea, and Miss Martha had given orders that she was not to be disturbed again that night So the servants had gone to bed, and the place was very quiet, though about eight o'clock a young Norman peasant was standing in May's chamber trying, with shaking hands, to fix Miss Martha's long gold ear-rings into her eats. Her short blue quilted petticoat and bodice of black velvet, her shoes, white muslins, and ornaments were complete. Her hair was rolled away -tightly under the tall white cap, her cheeks glowing with excitement, her eve flashing from place to place to see that nothing was forgotten. May had a trying time before her, and she was not going to turn coward, but rather to strain every nerve for the accomplish ment of her enterprise. Now she was all ready, missal and beads in one hand, and a small black mask in the other. Miss Martha wrapped her closely in a long black cloak, and lastly embraced her ; and the old lady was trembling like a thom- bush on a windy day. 'My darling !' she said, 'give it up even now. If anything were to happen to yon !' ' Now, Aunt}', who are you going to send to do me harm ?' ' If only the servants were to find it out — how humiliating that would be.' (To be Continued, i 