SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB RACE. Considering the recent bad weather, thje Melbourne Hunt Club were singularly fortu- nate in fixing the date of their meeting, an 1 Mr 1 jr_n Moore ami Mr bond when on tie 1 lemington course on Satur di imi"t live m re than once expresse 1 the hope that their respective -prm" meeting" m (Jit 1 e sn ni irly favoure 1 1 \ce[t tint the Cup p h.h lins jet to le Mveninthe vv j of cuttin"_own ihe e,rassou the linns ind runnii _ tricl the couise coull har Us have I oke 1 belter «oit wa»not ' surj rising to learn tint the i ttenil uir-o ins lar"er thin at the Cr m I \auun I Steeple chase meetin of the 1 1 I In the ub.ence cf Mr f corte Wut» n throii.h illness hi3 B in Mr 1 V\ atison tool the startin" llevg and *\lthou h ti ero were a couple of big fields and one of them made up if two jeir olds the hones were always i-enl avvnv on even terms and vvithout delav Mr it fe V\ akley, the ness ¡a Ige, was also at his post for the first tiuii, but had a comp vratively cosj day lor Ins first essay Amongst the visitors were their 1 \ cellencos Sir Henry loch and Sir Wil- liam iV-binson Governor of bouth Aus trillo. Wlth the means available at Klein nilton, .ntl the assistance ot Mr Miles, ot the V R.C, it is hardly necessary to si} tlmtt leQuntClub executive had almost a hol Kin), the only matter requiring their at tention being a charge of abusive language brought by the owner of a beaten favourite against a n.vembe-r of the ring, ni regard to which the tvtewards declined to interfere Mr C D Sfaker as usual .pread ft first class luncheon ni the looms beneath the stand lhe first rae was moro interesting to the Hunt Club than the general public It uns reduced to a mutch between the Ace and Sorcerer, odds of ß to J being laid on the former The favourite mude a poor show however, and wa\ badi} beaten In fact Sorcerer won so comfortably that there were several people anxieus to(,et him, and the owner bael to poy £91 to keep the horse in his stable. The whole o 1 this amouut went to the club This begin nmg promised well for the bookmakers, but i u near!} all the other events backers had ever}thing their own was In a field of eis;ht starters for the Hurdle Race, Duration was backed until the best offer against lum waa 0 to 4, and the appearance of the horse was enough to give conndence to his backers Amongst the out aiders Xenophon looked vers well, and the long odds about him vvcrev token occasion nils on the chance of the lavounte tiring as the turf was rather heavs Dumtion seemed to bo worn out w hen ho came i nto thestraight but appearances u erequite deceptlv e, foi when lantahser and Vcrnet challenged the favourite half wa) home«M Leod roused bim with a slight cllort and won comfortably lantahser who looked his best being second, and Vernet third Nine bornes re mameuln.or the Hunt Club Cutt ana lour of them were ridden by their owners lho veteran grey Abdallah who look-d bright nnd muscular, and waa reported to be os lit as he ever was, remained favourite, but Kulks ne was also v ery freely backed Ruby was the only other one about whom the ring were troubled with inquiries, and he upset thepot butnotinlhewayhisbockcrsexp.cted At the first fence he came down and rt .ing in front of Abdallah he not onl) interfered with the favourite, butins bridle rein uni or tunatcly catching over Mr Glasacocks le',! the rider waa pulled clean over his horses tail and the grey went on riderless Little Conrad tell at tin» second fence, and as 1 mily bolted with her rider into the straight, the fiel 1 was reduced to live before the first halt mile was covered Curiosity carne down at the back of the course leaving four horses to finish Gold top led for the greater part of the journey, but tired after crossing the last jump, and Kuli yne, cantenne, home won a. slow race with ease from Goldtop and Jack Shep pard In the Hat race students of weights and performances must have seen at once that both Ringmaster and Bohemian were well in The followers of the stable indeed made such a ceitaint) of the former that, failing to tot sulhcient straight out moues, they bael el lum irecly in doubles also Moore brought the favourite home a comfortable winner, but there was a slashing race between Bohemian and ChuckBter tor second place the judge giving it a dead heat Chuck-ter scorned to have been blocked tor a tuno at the turn into the Btraight and this inns have interfered with his chance, although the winner had something in reserve 1 or the Steeplechase, the Ade laide horse Bob Cooper vv hose last appear ance on the course was in Martini Henry s Cup v ear, w as backed tor all the moues avail able and taking the lead from the start, raced over the course in line st) le, and jumping well won as he pleased lopsail and 1 rule came down, and Sir Samuel run round one of the fences, The race was run in 2j seconds lasier time than the Hunt Club Cup over the same distance Afine field of l8 two sear olds came to the post for the Sapling »tal es, and backers generally would hear ot nothing but ihe Nun, who had Moore in the saddle as her pilot Mr Pearsons lil! j Ins lina hud a lair support from the stable, but the favourite on the running was by lengths the best in the race She had a lead of several lengtha at the upper end ol the carriage paddock, but w as cased, and vv on very easily by a length and a half, Lottie being second, und Claudian third As Ring master Bob Cooper, and Hie Nun were coupled with ench other in all sorts of doubles as well as being backed individual!), the ring lost a lot ot money ov er the trio lhe following are the details of the racing - BELUM} llACI O! BO sov s Fh o furlongs. Mr T D Robertsons b1 g borcerer (nil) by Iva poleon-Peter Wilkins mare, 4 yts, Ost 111b (i iddes) 1 Mr A. Summeras b g Ace (C25), aged, 7st 01b (Cope) 2 Betting -r. to 2 on tho Ace. Sorcerer Jumped awa> from tho favourite at tho start, and holding his lead comfortabl} nllthowav down, won In a canter bv a lonsth Time, 1min 7sec. Ihe winner waa bought in for for £i>0 HXNDIOU' HUliDLL ItACß, OI 75 sov s Ono milo and a half and a distance Mr J Cripps a bl h Duration, G y rs, ty Hughenden,) -Hlnnomonglo. list (M'Lcod) 1 Mr J Murados brh TantaUser, 0 j rs, lust 71b (Mlduff).. 2 Sir W J ClarLes br g Vernet, 6 jrs, i>st (M Gowan) . 3 Mi T Jones a eli g General Jackson, aged, lOst 41b (Andorson) 0 Mr H Chiîne) s b g Chatsworth, C }rs, lOst 21b (Cope) " 0 Mr fe Mahon s g m Linda, 5 \rs, Oat 121b, carried lOst lib (P lilli) 0 Mr JV Tozers b y Amateur, aged, Out 71b (M Grath) 0 Mr A Simssbrg Ncnophon aged, Ost (Sims) 0 Betting - 0 to 4 agst Duration, 5 to 1 oach agst TantaUser and Chatsworth, 10 toi agst Aenopbon lhere was a slight delà} at the starting post, but the horses wero Dually sent away to an excellent sturt Duration aud Amateur botng quickest to move. \cniet however, was in front as the} went over the llrst hurdle and he led the others past tho stand tho horses next In order behind him being General Jack sou, Amateur, Linda, JVcnophon, Duration, and Oiatsw orth vv Ith TantaUser lost Coming out to the river side, Vernet btruck the hurdle v cr} ira rd, but kept on hu lee,» wonderful!} well, although losing the lead Alter passing this hurdle the order amongst the leaders was Amateur first, (dight)} in advance of Chatawortn, then General Jackson and ^ cruet At the bildete, Amateur was still in front, and aftor passing this polut Duration was taken into third placo, but M Leod pulled him back again Into fifth position At the abattoir* Amateur waa still leading, with Ghats worth and the favourite next to him After leaving the ruck TantaUser had moved up fouth, leaving the icarmost position to tho gre}, Linda Vernet had the lead before thoy got to the turn, and tho favourite also improved his position being tno first to show in the open round the turn, whero, although havinir an inside position, he ran wide Half way up tho straight Kilduf! carne very fast on TantaUser, and ns the woic,ht soctued to havo Ita effect on Duration, his defeat was looked for At ti) o distan co his rider sat down and easily bhakmg Duration up, won ty two lengths, lantaliser being a length and a half In front ot \ernet Chatsworth waa fourth. General Jackson fifth, \cnophon and Amateur next, and Linda a long wa} lost Time, Sur &¿s. TUE HONT CLUB COP, A welter handicap steeplechase of 100 sov s Lowest vv eight to be not less than lOst 71b Tw o miles Mr S MillerflbgKulk}iie ty King Tom, aged, 12at 71b (Mr A\ S Cox) 1 Mr A L Johnson s b g Gold top, aged, list Mb (Ow nor) 2 Mr Ii Gra} s b g Jack Sheppard, 0 \rs, llet (Mr a Hijato) 3 Mr A Anderson's g g Abdallah, öRcd 13st (Mr C Glascock) 0 Mr G Uiisbcllschh ChcstcrÜcld, a^cd 12st (Mr 1 Watson) 0 Mr W Menrics ro t. Cunobity (late Duplicate) (J }rs list 01b (Owner) 0 Mr A Olivers b m KmH},[u.cd mt 4lb (Mr H Drufih) 0 Mr S G Williauibsbr t Conrad nf,ed 11 t -Jib (Owner) 0 Mr A L Watson s br c Itubv aire 1 list (Owner) 0 I CUUIL - LO 4 a0bt Abdallah ( to 2 a.bt Kuli} no ßtJ Ja_,-jt_.uty When the liai, wtnt down the fir ?" hornes to show In alvance were Coi ra I Chcstcrlit 1 nu i Hub} and thtv lie.t these ( osltioiis n ti c} apj roache 1 the ilrrt fe ice with I ii ii} huh i c an I Cunosltv next to them The cnualtli.-, eonnuiccl at the (Ir t j inn; where Hu'} euc tiuvn \\\ she roc r ¡.lit under Aldall-d -. netl tie old c,rc} was BV un" ro uni and brought to his lintis wli le Hub*» s rein catch u" in the riders kg, lulled him clan cut of l be a bile The buccci dinj, finco 1 roupht dow n lUtlo C ml ai 1 three horses (.alioped ri lerlt-a. through ticca into the strate, ht The} were followed by I uuly w ho brought her rider off tho course au 1 tin s the ile) 1 wasturtberrcduccd Goldtoplcdovcrthofenco m front of tile stand followed bj Cunositj Kulk}nu, Jick Shcj ¡aril ano: Uicbtcrlleld these five ben j, the onl} one-» now in the rice with n ore thor, halt tho Joun t} v et to L,O The | ocul ar roi i hone Curios!t} w cnt to the iront after tin} j ivied roun 1 to tho rh er s lo and it tMe had Golütop ha t awaiti drav n up ai d taken a hal ot about halt a length Kulk}ie it I J i I Micipurd were next, mid Chcsterllel I a Ion va} lack At tho wall near tho abattoirs G iriosltv toj pled over and Gold top was left with a lout, lea I As lie carno round the turn the horte was tir ii. - atpall} aid as Kull>ne was within a fe v yirdaof hiin uhoifth } lai ded over the last jump, the latter looked nil over a winner lie cantered v, th the others until reaJiin-, the distante when he i drew out and won ver} canil} ty Ai o lonutl s from th** tired Goldtop who was thrco lemrths in hont ef Jack ShejparJ Chesterfield was fourth and la t as no [ othem li ighed lime 5m 23*. lUMiirvi Fívr rvei, 01 200 soi «. One milo Sir J Milton s (jim )hr o Itiiiírinistcr li) Kulgoi li-I in,-Sar Iles I sr, - t 71b (51-tiro) 1 Mr D S Wallace-b h Uiut-stcr ased bat li- ft) I ríen) ? Mi I Jnies,- br e 1 olemati 4 >ri st Tils (H-in-ieaii) . t Mi V\ Mutplij s br h -ll-dl.iinrch, ' yn jst lib (Mll-llis) O i Mr i li Jolcrtoial j, -tanoni Ojrs »st (liur ' ton) 0 llr 1 G Heidi eli gibe Ghost, a.ed 6'U l»lb (Hil! am ) 0 Sir It I lalbots b h Waiorks, 5 sr* st l"Ib ' (Ulalr) 0 Mr 1 ton. cv " b oi br " Scar-inoiiclic a;eU "at Nilli (Muden) o Vi I Wilsons (Jini ) if f 1 nely Hit, 4jrs, "st lull (1T, o) 0 Mr J ilalnill s bl h Hannibal, a¡,e I, "st 'lb , (T Broun) 0 Mr I Crozier, (lim ) b £ limbon, D j rs Jst Sill (Wolkn) 0 Sir J Vi hlttiughain s eli c Merrimu 1 ) rs, "st _lb iTrahan) 0 Mr f Cou.) s h f noons 4 VM 7et (Cox) 0 Mr J G «old s bl o îsuncio, 4 j rs, Ost 101b, earned Ost l_51b (Bonce) * 0 llr 1 lient) s be CICIOJH _ )rs. Cat 101b (Darr) 0 Mr B Gra) s or c-arah, J sr. Bat 101b carried (ist l.Jlb (H Iiroisn) 0 Mr 11 Holness bt o Qipss's Warning-, 4 jrs, Oat Sib (Oorrj) 0 Mr 11 Darlots b (r Walhalla (late lronliand), 0 S rs Ost 8lb (Tuowcy) . 0 Mr H Tccnd a br o IV ¡ldrako, 3 } rs, Ust 71b, carried Ost, 101b (Doherty) 0 Mr S Das la's b ni Sir v. Jurie} Mrs eat (Johnson) 0 Mr A. Davies s b it Baron Iseckor, J srs, tls-t (Davis) 0 Bcttlntr -7 to 2a(rst Hlngmastcr, 0 to 2 airst Merrimu r> to 1 a_st Bohemian, 7 to 1 njrst -caramouctic, 8 to 1 ajrst Chue-ster, 10 to 1 o eat Ino Ohott Walhalla was very tractions at the skirt, and caused somo tiela) Wlion tlio flair ssent doun. Merrimu got quickly away with a slight lead from Itcbus Chuckstcr being next and Baron Is eel cr, who got anas very badi} a long last At the back Bundo was In iront with Merrimu and Ringmaster as his nearest attendants .sunWo held his lead past tho abattoirs and was Urst to -how round tho turn towards homo Kin.master caine up on lils right, goln¿ well, and -huckster camo\ on the lmldo eloso against tho rails. Hall wal up £.ohcinian carno out lrom the ruck and Joined Issue ii ith them, but King mast r was not to bo caught anti svon b} a length A great race between Bohemian Und chuckstcr tor second placo es cntliatcd In n de- d heat Merrimu was fourth. The Ghost Iltth, Scsiramoucho »l-tli, Minoraseventh, Mrs Jarlcy eighth, \tho others being headed by Helm», »hilo Baron -.colter and Wlldrake finished In the rear lime, lm 4__s \ IIAÎsDICAP BTECrLECrfAÍlE. Of 110 sovs. Tsro mllcsA Mr J Piles bor Dr fr Bob Cooper, at-ou, by Poll dorl lust 31b (Williams) \ 1 Mr A O Webbs eli if Chester aged, Suit 101b (Hinter) V 2 Mr A hummers s U g Uoodssood, aged lOst 3lb (Jno Kildull) t 3 Mr T Jones s b g Stag (lato Australian Court) aged lOst 101b (Anderson) \ 0 Mr J M Grade» b g Pride usai, lOst 81b\ enr riod lOst 101b (Dcanej) \ 0 Mr li Connell-, ns eli (, Topsail aged, 10st\Clb (Gardiner) \ 0 Mr J Hanilll s b g Sir Samuel, aged, lOst lilli (M Lood) \ 0 Mr E.4V llIlssbgMystorj.agcd 9st 121b (Jas Klldua) ^ s 0 Betting-2 to toi ngnt Bob Coopir 100 to 80 igst Goodssood 0 toi nest Uicstir \ Bob Cooper took tho lead sv lion the flag fell aSd led oser tbo llr t fence At tho second Jump Topisl li carno donn Aftir this ti c or lir ssas-Bob Coopa fetai Mister} fair baniucl Chtstor Goodsvood anil Irldo sith To|sal vsho li-d been rcmouutod, galloping In the rear i hey all passed saiel} os tri the bl- fonces in front of tno c,raitd stand enclosure \ but M} story and Topsail Bssersed about a\ good deal and syero not lOing kindly Bob Cooper still led by tho rii er eldo vs-hore Mr Samuel ran round tho jump, and boing tAken baclc, was thenco out of tho race. At tho back of the courso Prldo struck tho stonossall and fell At this point Bob Cooper had a lead of about 10 longths but Good ssood and Stat closed upon bim slightly as thoy got os er the bust (euee In tho straight Chester gallop inc. strong!} looked momontarll} dangerous but Bob Cooper baa lots in resers e and galloped houie the most cotnfortahlo of ii tuners by four lonstlis Chester bein-, second tbroo lengths in front of Goodwood Stai ssos fourtl M} story Ilftb and Sir Samuel and Topsail last lime im tos bAlLINO STAKES A handicap of 90 sors., for two}ear olds. Half a mile Mr W D Robertson s b f The ¡sun by rirstUin-j -Pilgrliiia.ro tísr (Mooro) 1 Mr 1 1-ozcrs bl Lottie 7st (Waiker) 2 Mr IJ M IlobcrtsonshoClaudlan st Dib (Ellis) J Mr J V. blttinghwn s eli o Innuendo Sst (rratian) o MV 1 UilrnsldesboSt Paul Sät (Wood) 0 bli VV J Clarkes bl or br o Washington 8st (Robertson) 0 Mr J Wilson s (jim ) b o The I-obbcr Sst (Burton) 0 Mr *- O Cook s br o Mainsail Sst (Dalton) 0 Mr It, V col s s bl or c o Here Goes bst (Blair) 0 Mr Z Cruiier s Oui ) bl or br u Lara 7st 01b (O Connor) 0 Hon W 1 carson s b f Trishna 7st 01b (Power) 0 Mr S Miller s b f Koonda 7st 01b (luoinoy) 0 Mr J Thompsons b o Master John 7st. Dib (Noisoir) 0 Mr a Grnj s b or br o Ketort, 7st 71b (rionagan) 0 Mr S Miller« b c Geelong, ÏBt 7lb (M lutosh) 0 Mr II TotbiflaboLa Iroso 7st 01b (Dacey) 0 Mr S Horsfalls bri Mistral 7st sib (cracknel!) 0 Mr Vi Kerrs br o General Gordon 7st (Boneo) 0 Betting -2 to 1 a"-st Tho Isun 4 to 1 agst lrishna 7 to 1 agst Mistral s to 1 agst General Gordon Constdcnlitr the largo field of j oungstcrs tbcro was vor} littlo dula) at the start ana they carno aita) alf in n line Trio tsun ssas sscll lu front as they reached Iho tau irossvng vi 1th lletort rind Claudiau close at her heels At the upper end of the carriage paddock thofavourlto had drassn clear assay from-be others and ssas lendlnc, by about Use lengths but Mooro cased hu* as the} approached tiie post and ssion in tho most comfortable manner by a longth and a half from Lottie vsho ssas a IciiLtli in advance of Claudlan Itoposovsas fourth The lobbcr llftb and Mistral last Time, DSJsec ROSI- HILL JiACING CLUB MEETING [BY SPECIAL WIRE ] (THOM OUR CoiiHEsroîiDiai- ) SYDNEY, SATURDAT. Although the fourth meeting of the Rose lull Racing Club opened with cloudy weatner in the morning, rain held off sufficiently long to induce a good number of visitors topas the picturesquely situated course a v ísit Many availed themselves of the special steumeis, and journosed by river, while others w ent by rail or drove to tl_c course beldon, has the course looked so well, and it was in capital condition for rac'-ig 'lhe Hurdle Race inaugurated the programme, and, tor the lirst time, some splendid finishes resulted, especially with the two s ear olds, which brought out a line colt in Cliesham, by Grand lluneur from Lady Chester, who just managed to beat Crosshre by the shortest ol heads Gentility was placed third, but man} thought Clio should have occupied that position Large fields were the order of the afternoon Cerise and Blue performed the feat of the day by winning the Railwos and October Handicaps-an ex cellent performance on the part ot lhe daughter of Wilbetorce Both were ox tremely easy victories Results - HURDLE RACK. Of DO sovs. . Second horBo to receive 10 sois Tivo miles Sir VV E. Bo) d s br g Parado b) Hawthornden Slaribsriioiigniaro, 4 yrs Ost lOlb (Malone) Mr tdward Terry s b g C) tubal, 0 V rs, Oat (Kemp) Sir J Phillips s eh g Michael, a¡,-d, Ott 81b (Cartor) Mr John lluhts br h Oranilllo, aeod. list 21b (Uuht) . Mr li Bennetts b g Sunray, aged, list (buiall) Mr T Shoro us eli g heobolofT, aged, lOat 1-lb -JW.« Hing'« b g Fish, aged, Wat (Talbot) Mr T Lamond ns b h Old Times, 6 yrs, 9st 12lb , carried 10st 0½lb (Keighran) Mr 1 Shoro na 1) g Uhlan, agod, Oat alb (Mason) 0 Mr C btoel s bk g Javelin, 0 yr_, Ost -lb , carried Ost -JIL. (Chifnc}) Betting - ISsen and 0 to 4 airst Parado, G to 1 agst Uhlan, Michael, and Scobolofl As soon as tho Hag fell, Michael and the fas ourito jumped assay Tho Tatter led over tho first (euee, but gas o pluoo to Sunray at the second hurdle lasslng tho -Und gummy held a clear leneth s lead vi Michael und Uhlan whllo Parado drop] ed back last. Tho eamo order pioialled until passing tho nillo post and then Old Timea, after refusing, inado an cfTort and hung on tho top of the hurdle Along tho back stretch bccbelolt took command, and Uhlan fell .scaring tho homo turn C)nibol went to tho front and led to tho d'stance, where tho fasourltc gradually drew on him and won alter a splendid raco b) a length and a hld!, flso lengths between second and third 1 lah was fourth, beobcloH ucu and bhlan last Time, 4m. 2ja THE RAILWAY IIAVDICM Of 70 sovs Ecoond horse to recels o 10 sois, third hors ii Ti sos s -U furlongs Mr Mark Thompson s b f Cerise and Blue, bj W11 berforco-VI) rtlor 4 j rs, 7st 01b (I hi) ps) 1 Mr I) _ -lacka) a bli- g Trccuio-on, 4 } rs, 7bt 21b (Nicholson) Mr J L Blown s g nv Gretna, 0 j rs, Ost Sib car. ried Oat 10.1b (Haine) s Mr M Uallaehersb h Colstoun, 0 )rs, 0»t-lb (Gallagher) 0 Mr Ys Kelso s ch m SV ando, r } rs, Oat (holso) 0 Mr J Slondy« hr h Prodigal, 5 jrs, Sat 41b (¡scrnlccr) C Mr L ii Cart) s b m Morceau, 6 ) rs, Vst 111b (Das ¡a) 0 Mr Joseph Cook, br c Boori, 3 jrs, 7_t &lb; (Leadbeater) . 0 Mr A I -marta b c lAurrilda, 3 jrs, "at bib (Goue.h) 0 Mr Ii II Knights b h Ptiltstar aged, Vat Dib (Lsans) 0 Sir li Herbert ns ch g ¡sir Carnet, aged, "st 21b (Dr-neh) 0 Mr b Gardiners br f Mvgnifter, 3 )rs, 7at (Hiles) 0 Mr B Ea.crs Ir in Rosebud, 3 )rs, Ost. 121b (Corni boll) . 0 Mr li eharil Portera (Jun ) t - g -undhi aecd lat, 1 lb (Fiel 1er) 0 Mr e. It hcits s ch in Thau lias te aged, Ost bib (M Donald) 0 Sir J Goii"h a b c Clarendon J 1rs est Clb , lar ried b_t lib (I ne.li li) 0 Iii J l))kc- ch e -oldiinder, 4 j ra, Oat 41b (bl ate) 0 Mr 1 VV Hall na 1 r e Trojan, 4 jrs, fit 21b (Cu meen) 0 Beul g-3 to 1 ngat Vianda 4 io 1 ogst Moreeau G to 1 agst Prodigal an 1 Clarendon, 7 tola"st_ree union and 10 toi a"st ans other Wanda as usual was quiekest on her legs attended bj Morceau Ma.nMer and Ireeniason Cerise anti Blue heading tho remainder At tim turn the field was In a cluster with feme uni Blue Wan lo, Gictn-i I ree nason an I Slaejnllcc all m a line Once lu the straglit Censo and Blue c-inio a isa) from her field an 1 r uiped home Use tcii.tlia In iront of 1 ree mason who just in inaged to beat Gretna Prodieal was fourth aud tin ii caine Morceau and Wanda with Sir Giruet list Time Hu T.s Till TWO TEMI OÍD HVIDICs.1', Of 120 sois Second I orso to recciso £0 BOSS , third horse 10 soss Half a mile Mr D Coopers elie Chesham, I»} Grand flaneur -Ud} Cllcstii 7st Mb (Kelso) 1 lion VV A I on-, e br I Crossfire 7»t- (Nicholson) 2 Mr lai Moim.linn ns b f GiiUilitv, 7»t 71b (11-trru,) 3 Mr A h Corniscllsbf Clio, bst 71b (Philips) 0 I Mr A I Smart s br o Monten] Sst (Gough) 0 Mr Stockdale ebrf Queen of the "outh, 7st ¡>Ui I (Campbell) . . - 0 Mr Tis Mona.liii 119 b f lloodniiil "ot Slo (\ernl,cr) Mr W i_ns-crs(Jitn) bf Alma 7st (Fngllsh) Mr \ I. Corn sell sbf Anray 7st (M Donald) 11 t in - to I acst ir s lire 1 to 1 n-st Clio -1 to 1-st Mina, to 1 acst cn '"am an 1 Ocnliliis Alter-01 ni ittempN Alus ches _m on I Gen lilli jiuui* 1 of 111 trent c1 Cro-3 Ire and VIontcm an I u 1 Al u! the --milli left Iletoti a furloi g hal l> e 1 truer ed C le bin 1 tool up tho runiiin. from I Ho and then can e Uo sllre Alma and lloo-lssli k No alteration oceuneJ ut t I oppo Itc the stand 1.11 there Cro lire 1 ado a tleten 111 e 1 1 II rt ti cate i Iii sha 1 nil Clio llea lim, ti a Ht nu neil lie suffered n «bart head dein, f r m I lioliam CcntHIti «as )li 1 I ti ml Dieu unie eil IlooJvsmK an 1 Moi tem last Time I r Till 111 I1M1 I I MT Of 100 sos 3 "is ci-ht for -in The ss inner to be sold fori.1- Se in lurloms Mr J I'a}tcnsl»f Arsla by I cuyi}- Arlcl(iiil) 4 vrs Ost lilb (Milu Ison) Mr Ii I Masons b g Dictator (£.> ) aicd 7«t Sib (lvcl'o) Mr A I Cornwell s h li Juntas iiul) aged 7st Clb (Phipps) Mr h. tve} s b g Prlilo (nil) 4 v n "Et (I raus) Petting -Es en and 5 to 4 agst Arista, Z to 1 ogs« Dimtor The fav ourito vraitcd until the distance post iras reached and, chaltonging Dictator had him in dill) THE OOTOBblt HWDICAr, Of 100 sos 9 , second horse to recels 0 10 sors Ono mile and a quarter Mr Mark Thompson sbf Cerise ami Blue bs Mil berforoe-M} rtlo 4 )rs, "st 111b , including iib penalti (Phipps) 1 Mr M Kite s bri Kathleen, 4} re 8st (Davis) . 2 Mr I) Cooper's ch 0 Orator, 4 ) ra, Ost 101b (Mcbol on) .. 3 Mr \\\ Coopor s cb in Happy Thought, 0 } ra, Sst 41b (Gallagher) * 0 Mr 0 Mond} s br h Prodigal, 6 } r>, 7st 101b ("semker) . 0 Mr W helsos b ni Friendship, 0 }r», 7st 01b (Kelso! 0 Mr L M Carty"s 'b ra Morceau, 6 } ra, Tut 21b (rngllsh) .. 0 Mr uosh Cook s br c Boori 2 } rs, 7st (Collo} ) 0 Mr 15 H Knights b li Polcstar, aged, Ost 121b (Eians) 0 Mr II Herbert ns eli g sir Garnet, aged, Ost 101b (Grant) 0 Mr J Allsop na ch g Ccstus, 0 }ra, Ost 41b (Slate) 0 Mr P « Hall us b g Hurocl) don, aged, Ost 41b (Flildun) 0 Mr P VV Hall ns br o Trojan, 4 vrs, Ost (Cunneen) 0 Betting -2 to 1 nrrst Kathleen, 4 to 1 agst Happj Thought, 5 to 1 azst Ccrlso and Blue and Polcstar A moderate stirt svltnessed Kurocl}don first away, with Ccrlso and Bluo laBt At the milo post tho ordir vv as I urocl} don half a length In front of Ccstus, thon Orator and Happ} Thought, with tho rest together. Sir Garnet bringing up tho rear Much the same order pmaiicd alone tho back but at tho $1). furlong post Kathleen and Cerise and Blue oigan to run throtic.li their hoiacs. Hounding the home turn there vv as still no change Ccstus an 1 Ontor attending the leader At the distance boucler tbc favourite and Cerise and Blue singled thcmsclv cs out and tho run homo rcHiilted In an cosy win for Ccrlso and Bluo b} two lengths from Kathleen Orator the same distance off, third Then carne Euroclvdon, Happy Thousht, friendship, Trojan, and Mr Garnet last Time, Jin lojs SPORTING îsOTFS The Melbourne Hunt Club spring meeting of Stiturdos was the most suceesstul on re cord financially speakm" 1 acl era of horses lind a good day except in the bellinc, Race and Hunt Club Cup 1 he defeat of Abdnllah in the latter event was ne.L,ravntin_ He ought to have won. considering tlint he was never so well, and that last sear he was the winner with a couple of pounds more weight Ihe Hat Race was won by Ringmaster who is in the Caulheld Guineas next Saturday as also in the V R.C Derb) , whilst The Nuns ensy win of the Sapling Stakes ought to give her a chance in the Sapling Stal ea at Caul held in which she will be called upon to carrs -lib less than she did in the handicap on baturdaj lhe daughter of 1 irst King is Ulso in the Manbjrnong Plate To day the annual meeting of the Victoria Amateur lurf Club will be neld at Menzies Hotel at halt past three Mr Herbert Power hourn? withdrawn his candidature for the committee the w hole of the retiring mern bers will be declared re elected K ominators of horses in the approaching Maribyrnong Plate and Mares Produce Stake s are finally reminded that by the pay nient of Ssovs for the former and 1 sov for the lai ter attheVKC olhce they can with draw up to 4 o clock today If this is overlooked owners become liable for the halt forfeit cif ID sovs and 8 sovs respectively The Elsternwick park meeting to be held on October 14 demands attention to day entries closing at si p m at the VIC ofnee The several events are the Hurdle Roce of 50 sov s Ladies Iroph) value d5 guineas presented by Mr li ¡skinner, Steeplecha e of 100 sovs belling Race ot 00 sovs 1 lsternvvick park Handicap of 7usovs and a Maiden Trot of 10 sovs. At the same time the balance of sweepstake for the Australian lrottintbires Produce Stal es must be paid lhe Ladies Troph) embraces three bracelets, the first giv en by Mr Skinner and the second and third value 20 e,uineus und 10 guineas by the club lhey were manufactured b) air 1 Gaunt, and are now to be seen at Messrs. Glen and Co s lho general settling over the late Austra han Jockey Club Spring Meeting commences atlla.ni to du) at Bowess lattersnlls and will be concluded at the \ letona Club 1 he settling ov er Sutuidoy a races also takes place at the same time ihe weights for the I irst nurdle Race Steeplechase and loorak Hnndisip nt the approaching V A 1 0 Sprint Meeting will be issued to ans 1 he declarations are to be made for the Maiden 1 late loorak Handicap and Tirst Hurdle It ice at 1 p m. on \V ednes day Nominators of horses in the Moonee V ulley Cup ore nunile 1 that 1 hur-dny next is the date of tirst acceptance lhe amount ot lor felt is 2 sovs lho \ letona Amateur Turf Club Spring Meeting commences on Snturdny next Hie principal events to be decided are the Caul ticld Guineas and Great lool Stakes and by the former some light will be thrown on the coming V R. C Derbj 1 rom to day therefore the betting should become brisk und interesting Ihe other races for the iii st das ot Coullield are the Maiden Plate Hurdle Ruce, Austral! in Hunters Cup and Toorak Hunuicap Arrangements have been made w ith the Rail« ay department lor special fares from all the principal stations in the country districts belore and after the meeting and also on the mornmte of the Guineas and Cusp duys. ihe conditions of the Austral an Joclas Club Summer Cup to be run for at the Bo-int Day meeting are announced lhe race is a handicap sweepstakes of _0 sovs euch half forfeit or 0 sovs if di dared on theda} of teneral entry with 500 sovs. added the second horse to receive 100 sovs. and the third 50 sovs Avvinnerot any handicap of tho value of 100 sovs or 200 sovs alter the declaration of weights is to corry 51b or 71b extra respectively lhe distance is one mile and i halt J ntries are to be made on lhursdny October 15 either nt the A TC otlice in S} dues or the V R.C ofliee in Mel bourne. l)ie vveithts are to be declared after tno Murrumbidgee lurf Club meeting llu\les the well known îsew South Wales jockey died over a week ULO at Windsir near Sydney after a long illness. Some months nto the )oung fellow met with an lcci lent on the training groun 1 and his eise was considere 1 hopeless from the lir_t Arnon st his erentest successes in the s iddle were lho iliirib) mont, Hate on lui mira the Oo\\.s onSnpphire theAscotvalebtokes on Archie the V J C Champagne Stal es on 1 SircH 1 roduce Stal es on W arvvicl the A.J C S - 1 c"er onCip i pie the Hawkes bury Guineos on Monmouth It will also not be lut tun Unit Huxle} s riding of Archie in the V li C Derby subject! d him to considerable abuse which b) the subie quent i erf rnnncc oí the son of Rapidity wi s show n to be quite unwnrrnnte 1 Some e-icit mein was created on Snturdny afterneion by he announcement that Coronet hn 1 been s tro 1 out 11 his Caulfield engage incuts lins is n severe bloi for those people who some time bael secured all the mones in the market about the horse lor the Caulheld Cup It now rer. uns to I eseen whether Mr Robertson will udo[ t i similar course with his horse with regard to the Melbourne Cup lhere was no bettin_ of moment at the Victorian Club on biturh) n lu V dis position vv us however evinced to back 1 irst Chester for the \ li O Derb} u commission evidently beiiifc in the market Mr li M Uobcrtsous two sear old colt OIT Chance bylapidist-Fdelln has arrived from Sydne) Hie Melbourne Gun Club open their ne v ground on 1 rid ij next wh"ii a tro; hj pre sented bv the i resident will be shot for Hie event is to be celebiated bj a luncheon in the new pnvihon Mr V\ Si)cr of the Mellourne Gun Club hos been dornt, some excellent shooting 11 bjdney He won Mr Owen 1 nends troph) nine birds at ¿¿_ )ards after tiemg with Mr H M lnitlitul -.¿jarda last week as the holdei of the I\ew South Wales C un Club Chóllente Cup he was challented by Mr Grant and won the match 1 LEMINGTON TRAINING NOITS Í3\rUItDAl. Thcdr}Inj_; winda of }csenla} which continuod during the night hadimprovtd tbo tracks consider ably this morning, and though a little heavy were in lair f,olng order for strong work ¡aovera! ol the trainera sent their horses alón/ for good working j,, a Ho J a Morrison was the early bim and he trente l the til} St, Gillie »ni Doncaster to tomo capul exercise on the neu 1} malo trnck The two } oar olds \ C, I'ohnont and Harman}, were doing nice exercise, and Reginald was cantering, as also was Ui.caa Commotion went round the band gallop twice goIiiL. strong and well the last circle Arsenal nnd JLho Txavrhr, m compan} were doing- three parts (.peed exercise on tho eanic ¡-.oing; follow e I ty Uaiibible The tv. o} ear oldn Op ii and Kenneth, worn striding alonir, and Dividend and St lau! were rat-ling over lour furlongs for a brisk (.allon KitixubuIeadldlonL,halt pic work oiithelimcrcouri j Coffey had his strm» do rig* some fair paco worl, and Walter HUdnbotl am wa-* canttmnir Waterloo This < horsu looks health} and well Ihe two i ear old tb-no ran over bali a iniic »inartH, and Lbuckntcr cainu smart)} homo after a canter Xho three t car old Denmark was going along at a (air pace on tho sand , whilst Murphj sent S siy along for t,ood ox ercisc and Mlddlemarch ran home sharp. Prestwich (.ave hu lioreca eu«} tasks, the Der ty colt Kenius, ánclese., and Mum Louis-, o' the team, hawng left lor lirls'hto« on tho pie\ on. du Uerntt waa on the turf with Lito-pool mil Winchester for thrre milos -ïie pair striding alón - portlo ii of ih ohUnco ar three ouarters spe.. «iittl is hul mil 1 exercée .uni \«u_,uird, ac ompimcl b\ îhunil.niolt. went for half, ice «orkuver a loupk. of tin csoutlie samt track *-tornowi\ a" un pvrf >rmcd a rat tim _* ..ilîop of thrt-c unies on .lu tm' Ik wv. *i_ com] iiiii. 1 b\ the <._. Mian h II ian. and Agatha nt different portions of The journey *-ome of I» s. Lo ki* ...btmig were jonic through capililworl M^nor and Helene, on HIL in« _,allop, ran overa mile mil a half ut c tdltnt M cod, the bitter to lho Ai.\nan e\hi» tli,. fine form Mid lina mid 1 ep > c utnt o\or fur furlong-, «hen the South Au indian craik *ï_riln showed li r companion tin, w n liif IiracUto wa« düui-r um. splrii h I wari twice round bj himself, uhiNt New «steal cantered round .the bind the colt ti cn mot ed atom: at an In.pi o\ ed pat .or another ronn I lira Aimnln, an 1 tile stupltt-htsL horse liol» Coo] cr were working nii-dlj tlni-iiuu' home stron_.li t tu tel and 1 Ubee um on lhe tnek Mr .»l-w-xocl « H LixreiMi.j. «-e.eral of hit tenm IHitiller bowled alone the sand *ind Orí filths worked Dunlop in rompa»} «»th An tomo After cantering a cirJo of the fai.d the pair «streiche-' out for a useful workimr frtillop, U it tho brother to Ra&>amo did not appear to bo capable of hodin_r Ins own with the Deri 3 colt who moves and goes- like a, t-ood oin. Hawthorn led tho two three 3 car olds, hitaua and M \nierie, for some nice pace work on tho sind Tothill waa e\er ciring äaralus, Ballarat, nml BrUand, al«o the Camellia fill}, whilst Juanna «as moving along nt n brisk racu. Affluence, D13 His, and Lner_>«.o were out, ti)0 latter running homo sharjl) for a couple of I furlongs, tho other pair going through propar.torj I work, and Gratitude was wilkin.f about lintern 1 and Ruby were treated to t=o no lon_r, .v*etul paca ' work. The big horjo is getting all right ngaln rho colt Trojan and tho Alpha fHl\ wm working in company. Lord Wilton was working, but he did not | exceed half pace Tho lhähop ran home fast after doing a canter, and ÎMchoI.soii ga\o Claudian similar work, but tho Cup boree, Coronet, was an ab_ontec Chlfncy had his temi out, To.bli mo. ing alonir smartly on the new ti ick, ant fgbert with I Edith, ran a brisk paco o\ cr tour furlongs on the sim! I Ro.al Maid was doing1 good exercise on the simo I jtround, where Denmark was going stiadilj with Cidfney up Airs Jarley, Goodwood, Ace, and Chata I worth «ere all doing- li_rht exercise, followed b3 , Incident Tully had sol oral of his horti-s doin_? | strong exercise, and Da*, is tent Cliloo and her full 1 brother for useful paco work Buttress and tho Elsie I maro were similarly engaged A L. Johnson had a lot of his horses 011 tho ground Munro tent Marquis on the tan for a couple of circles. Thu isa useful 1 looking horse Oabj wai doing good work on tho ' sand Stoncbrokc and Hemlock strode along for sound excr-lse, Reprise follow Ing suit, and l'irchanco did long, »low woik Hunter, Stationer, and lion Don were all on the tracks I Wilson wns ghing 1*1 ret Prince and Off Colour eomo long w ork on tho sand, the pace being i m pro i ou for the last mile and a half Here Alphabet was irtridiiig along at a strong hilf pace, and Vi al ti us Maid w 19 also taking lons exercise isle, Uio Bt\, Luck\ Hit Ringmaster, and the two jearolds went mUdl}. Itcad bad lho Agent, St John, and Agitation in oompanj, and after tho trio I had cantered a round of tho sand the} broke aw a> for I a useful wariinT gallop oicr tho laßt round, tho brother to Trump \ oss show In? tho w ay at the finish. Country Boj and Jocular wore dcin_r Fimilar ex- ercise tope the r Islander, after cantonna, ran homo a strong el\ fu rio ti ps Tho etecpleciiafio horses Governor and Reticent were stretching out for ser \iocabto work The Pencil was on tho outer track cantering, and finished with a fast six furlonss Anita ran a brisk hatMnUe, and Damocles had tho same work Mrst Consul, Newmerella, West Wind, I Utopia, and Mcnotti were doing cantering exercise 1 Mr \V. W hittj hod a string of eov en or eight horses at work, 'ieend, Horsfall, 'Williams', and Senior haa their rcspectho strings exercising The î-ew Zealand horso Trenton cantered once round tho outer track when ha Incroasod tho pace for another round, but although tho Kew Zealand colt looks wells, ho did not n.o\ 0 f reel j. Ttarao was ch ing sar\ iccab'e exercise to his horses, riz , I antorn, Duffer In, and Bagman, whilst Mr Fen nally brought his team of half a score dow 11 late in the morning The wbolo wcro looking gay and nell. The} were sent for oanteriug exercise CIUCIs.1-1. OPENING or IHE sr,Yso\ Hie cricket Benson of 188j0vvas mangu rated on Saturday tindir the happiest auspices The weather waa nil thnt the most enthusiastic cricketer could desire though the ram that fell during the preceding iveik had rendered several low lying grounds unfit for the wickets I his was particularly the case with the Melbourne Cricket ground and the cuBtomnrj opening mutch between the first eleven and the next sixteen was in consi qnence cancellid Ihe season so far as the premier club is concerne 1 will not betin till baturdav nett, when the first einen v ill try conclusions with the South Melbourne club on the ground of the latter J he lint cricl et match of the siason was played on the North Eit/roy ground vv nere tin first el ven of the J ast Melbourne club were pitte I against 15 players selected from the junior teams which are to compete for Jlcssrs Jio}le and Scotts Challenge Cup Hie match excited a good dull of interest and probabl} 1 300 spectators WLre present Hie colts went first to the vv iel its and kept there despite the fact that the veterans put onno less than seven bowlers When play was discontinued the juniors had put together JJ runs with the loss of seven wickets. Ihe carno will bo resumed next Saturday and should prove lntinsting to wards the finish. 1 he onl} othir match of consequence »as that between the Kichmond and Hawthorn first elevens ploj ed at Hawthorn A number of minor contests took pace in different parts of the sulurbs and ever)where the wickets superseded the goal postB Not a few athletes sighed for the clones of the football field and turned away disconsolately from the monotonous progress ui the summer game In ii fortnights time the Ieuding clubs will be in full swing and the best record of the season will thenceforth be the goal of every ardent crickete .LxiST MELBOURNE V IIFIEEN JLINIOHS A match took place on the ¡North litz toy ground on Satur la} afternoon between an eleven of the Last Melbourne Club and ID junior pla)ers selected from the competing teams for Messrs Bo} le and ¡scotts Challenge Cup lhere was a moderate attendance of spectators Hie wicket was har 1 but was lound to play well Boyle commanded the veteran team and Dr)sdale was selccte 1 to leal the juniors. Hie Last Melbourne Captain non the* toss but sent his oppo nents to the wickets L)nch and D}all opening with the bat to the bowling of Bo}le and M Shane L}iich showed cunful pla) and bad put ü runs to-ether when Dyall who had ndded n single was bowled out bj Mobarn- Johnson took the vncant place and Lynch ha 1 incrensed his recor I to I when he was smart!) caught by Lewis at the wickets Armstrong now joined Johnson who iratne liatil) nftirvv îrils bent a fine hit to longfield where tin 1 ill vv is held b) Woirall and Johnson retirid Hie score now stood d-0-.0 mid there se mid a pro ¿ability of but asm ill tot ii for the I iftim Armstrong howevir who followed grove la towi>r of strength and pin)ed a vers careful game Maher J innett flos and bunill sue ceeded cneli other ns Ina us ni and were each dispose 1 of vv Uli a mo lest reel oiuii-, but Armstrong 1 ej t his pi ice till winn Dnsdalo joined lum his score hn I crept up to W lesdale also lid some excellent worl and had not succumbed when pi ly was dis continued shortly before sundown the score then 1 eing J9 runs for _nen wickets Boyle M Shane Worrnll and lîobertson were the priiicitol bowlers for Last Mel bourne. Hie fielding considering the un oven naturo of the ground, was excellent a notable acquisition m this department beini, \ere Harris a 3onnK lusmaman cricketer who lias liven promise o£ c aellmt thui-s ihe following is tin score - TUMOIiS HOST INM1G8 Lynob o Lo sis bBo}le 0 Dyall b M fal ano 1 Johnson o*»\oirall bBoyle II Armslronc. notout 6" Maher st Lewis b Robertson 7 tlituctt, st Lewis b Itobcrt&on; 1 HO) b Worral I D bl Ith rinout 2 Drysdale not out IO Lu-, byo . 1 Total for seven vvlclccts 90 IUCIUIOÎvD V. «AUTHORS* The first elevens ol th eso clubs met at Hawthorn, and the game resulted In a draw Hawthorn went nrsttothowiclrcts, and put together 88 runs, the pnnoipal acorers being Hnrliah (Ji) and Cowper (17) W lion pla} was dibcc itinuod Richmond had lost four wickets for 25, Harton and Fulton being thy principal contributors The damp state of the ground rendered scoring dltHcult I itrgcrald, tor Ulchmond, ai Cow per and M'Gov ern, lor Haw thorn bow led well. The following are the scores - HAW TIIOttN Cou par, ty Fitzgerald ." 17 iîereaford, b Mizgeratd .2 M'Gh-ern, b Over .. .. 3 P i ngllsh c Isaacs, b Turner .. .. 37 A\ ard, I b vv, b b itzgarild .. ,. 1 Moollard, o and b I-itzgcrald .. ..12 Smith, b 1 ltzgcrald . .. .. ..0 Austin, bOver .. .fl lin,g-» runout. 0 Total . " , " 83 RICHMOND. Fitzgerald, h Coupar. 0 Over, bCoupar . 0 Dunn, bMGhorn. 0 Harton, b M GIv ern. l2 I ultou, not out . I) ii Queen, not out . 0 lives .,. ., 1 Lcgtyes . 1 lour vvleketstor.25 The following matches were also pla}ed -Coburg United v lorn«. United, won ty Coburg, Sa runs to 12 Box hill v Mitcham, won bv Uox hill, 82 to 25 , Waterloo v Lveh-n, won ty \Uterloo, 02 to 17, Dingoes v Alphington won bv the Dingoes, 81 to20 , Hlchmoud Itamblers v Oakleigh, won ty Oakleigh, 03 runs for eight wicket« agu i ni, t r.! , Carlton Alberta ?v horth Star United, won bv ihe Alberts, &0 to-10 Idchmoiid hxccUior \ Uro»veuor, won ty the Ex eelslor, DO to 21 , \ tetori (eight wicket**, for f-0) v líose ot Carlton (75), "Victor} (111) v. Kensington (one wicket for b). The opening match of the University Club will take placo on Tnesdnj on the M C C L.round betwron ttiams selccte 1 ty Mii'-unc Scott and I nimble I'lav will commence at 11 o'clock sharp -Mr Scotts s toam-Wingrovo Huberts, Little, Pitcher, Dr Mailer, rox, J. M Scott Clarke, Shop herd, M Culloch Lew* button, bims, T. Power. Mr Irunihles team-Darri tt,lioss, rreciñan, Suther- land, Molsille, Oaklo), Meek, Dr. Ka), Cookson, I'ortcr, Maller. Dickson, VV omi, H. I'ow cr THE SOUTH MELBOURNE TEAM AT BALLARAT. (BY TELEGRAPH FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) BALLARAT, SUNDAY. The football match South Melbourne v. Combined Ballarat and Ballarat Imperial was played yesterday in Saxon Paddock. In the first half the combined team played a good game, but with bad luck The superiority of South Melbourne was apparent throughout. At half time tlie score waa bouth Melbourne .1 go ils I bi-lnuds, Dnlliii-it 1 go ii Vi behind i. On lesuniing the visitors lind the carne all their own vv.iv, the rc->u!t being South Mel- bourne b ¿onls lo behind., Ballarat 1 go ii 20 behuiils. UNIVERSITY ATHLETIC SPORTS. On Saturday last the University Athletic Association held their first sports meeting on their ground at the back of the University. The programme was a large and varied one and Rood lields st irted for ever) race 'lhere v\ na a good ntrendnnce, «ttr icted principals by tbe inenngene race, the first race 01 the kind held in the colon) Dr Bird acted as stur'er, and Professor Allen Mr Melville and Mr Higgins as judgei 'J he rices were got through without mi) lossof time niidthe.iO events «ere over at 30 minutes pistl p m lhe liav mun Land plujed selections during the itternoon J he following nre the results of the prm cipal events - University Handicap-First Tient lCOinnl« Tour Ile-vls mid a 1 mai V nal Heit-1 Langton 10 )aixls 2 Gol-.niUb, ¡ sards, _, liddle, _ )ardi .s.cuild hscnt -00 lards-1, Lnn.ton -0 sanls, ., Iessrre, 7)ards, T J Hell IS ¡ardí Third Lvont, ¿JOsai-ds-1 J itetl, _-)>r_- -, Mau, 20 \arila , I VVoülralie, _a sards Langton sson tile cup suth 10 point. J Bell being sccon-, svlth 7. Club Handicap -( irst bs cnt 100 _ ards-1, Michie 4)ards, 2, Stracliati, o )orda 3, V ance, 5 v ards. Second Event, J00 barrio-1, Michie, 10 sards, 2, Vaneo 15)ards, 3, Corr, lo )ards. illcliio «on with 10 points. Hurdle Race -1, lira) sha), 0 j ords, 2, O Cussen, 5 ) ards, 3, J King, 7 > ard Open ..atballoi- Race, loo Yards - 1, Rogers Simscrsltj), -, keane (S Ballarat), J, bmall (S atlarat) 410 \ords.-L, Rogers, 2, Keane; S, Small Rogers won with 10 points Schools' »ace, 100 .arils-1, Hamilton (Cnrlton Collego) .'2, Monger (Scotch College) , 1, Proctor (Hal larst Collejro) 250 Yordu -1, Kelly (St -.nvlor s) , 2, -longer, ., Hamilton Hamilton ison with 7 points High Jump -J, Mug, Git Sin , 2, Rogers, 61t. 21n , 8,1 aniel' fit Hu Jilla Walkin.-1, Alblston, 100 5ards, 2 Brlnd, SO)ards, J, Thomson, (103aida Vaulting vi Ith tho I'olo -1, King, flit Oin , 2, Scale, 91t. -In , _ I oners Olt 3ln Colicúo ltaeo, 300 .ards.-1, L Clark (Trinlts); 2, S Anguín (Trlnlt)), J, IL, l'owor (Trinlt)). A Bplcndld race, won b) a loot. Mcnaiorio Hace.-1, Mr Hughes, kangaroo rat, 2, Mr Goldsmiths goat, J, Mr S)iucs guinea fowl Some 20 aiilinils started lho rat, who was the favourite, caine to grief at tho hands of tho cat soon after the start Steeplechase 440 .ard«- 1, Bra)shay, 153ards, 2, Hope, .5 janis, 8, Smiih 203ards Obstado Hace.- 1, J Thomson, 2, Sutton, 3, Hope Sack Haoo -1, Baird , 2, Flood, 3, J Thomion liiej.lo Hace- 1, Baird, 80 sards, 2, ¡5)me, 10 yard a 1.0 larda Handicap-1, Smith, 0 3ards ; 2, Aiolnarsl 1,123ards , S, J Bell, 11 janis OlUccbcarcrs' Raco -1 Goldsmith , 2, Cussen, 3, Parnell Run in full academic dress 200 lords Handicap -1, lllclilo , _, G Bell, 3, I Clark I- mr and Spoon - 1, Held, 2, Bartlcy Mila Running-1, Colquhoun, 40 janis, 2, Harso, 40 sards , lho meeting wound up svlth tho Consolation Stakes, in wlUch O Cussen beat U Power, alter a close «nish THE ESSENDON FOOTBALL CLUB SPORTS. The annual athletic sports of the Essendon Football Club were held at the East Mel- bourne Cricket-ground on Saturday afternoon. There was only a moderate attendance of spectators, and except in the mile foot race, and the bicycling there was but little interest displayed in the events. Very little order was maintained by the officers of the club and the spectators crowded over the ground and not infrequently impeded the proper carrying out of the programme. The following were the results of the events:— Handicap 150 yards (open)—L. S. Dallas 1; D. H. O'Brien, 2; J. Smith, 3; President's Cup (100 yards event) - H. Dunn, 1; H. Griffith, 2; J. Stafford, 3. Essendon Football Club Cup (100 yards event)-A. Young, 1; L. S. Dallas, 2; M. H. Robertson, 3. Essendon Football Club Cup, 200 yards event—A. Young, 1; R. Henty, 2; L. S. Dallas, 3. Handicap Club 160 yards-T. R. Bloomfield, 1, J Smith -T. F. Moore, 3. President's Cup (250 yards)- H. Dunn, 1, J. Stafford 2; H. Griffith, 3. Essendon Football Club Cup - A. Young 1, L. S Dallas, 2; H. M. Robertson, 3. Drop Kick at Football- First Twenty - R. Fleming (58 1/2 yards), 1. Second Twenty- J. Smith (58yds 2ft ), 1. Hurdle Race 120 yards- E. Lethbridge, 1, T. Nally, 2 ; T. R. Bloomfield, 3. One Mile Race- W. Wilson, 1; A. Fosse, 2 ; R. Fleming, 3. President's Cup (440 yards event)- H. Dunn, 1; H. Griffith, 2; J. Stafford, 3. Bicycle Race, two miles- W. M'Neilll ,1; A. E. Brown, 2; H. H. Moore, 3. Steeplechase - W. Wilson, 1; D. Black, 2; E. Leth- bridge, 3. LAWN TENNIS , INTERCOLONIAL CHAMPIONSHIP MEETING Tho follow log is tho completo result of tho drawing (vi ith the timo and court fixed for each match) for the lasrn tennis contests arranicd by tho Melbourne Crlckot Club - _ ol li GESTLVUEVÜ SISÓLE1*. 10 80 S T L Purvesv W J C Kiddell 10 îtO G W li Moule v li W Bartram 12 S0( S t J Highett v W T Coldham 12 BO1 O K JlaleiKh v U A. Wbyto 2.30 b L. T Mitchell v It. W -Martin 2.80, O ]b M'Arthurv winner of 1st match 12 80 S Vi iuucraof 2nd and Srd matches 2.80' S Winners of 4th and Stn matches 2.80. O Winners of ílth and 7tn matches 2.:tü b Winners of äth and 9th matcht* ¿¿0 0 W J Ullathorne v D Webb lïiiO S i M Arthur v winner of Ist match Winners ot 2nd and 3rd matches 2 JO C \\\ Inner« of 4th and 6th luntchcu 2.10 b Winners of Oth und 7th matches 2.80 C Vi Inner, of äth and 0th mutches 2 20 S M limera of 10th and 11th matches. LADIKS SlMtlKS Miss Maguire v Misa üeborno Mls-ïMajnov MÍ»*. Kiddell Miss Bruuton v 111 su J Shew Misa M It, Patterson v winner of 1st match Winnora ot 2nd and ird matches Wluuers of 4th und oth in at chea GiATLEMlA B DoVBt LB M Arthur and W ulc,all v ltalelBh and Dunsford Bartram and Martin v "W ebb and partner Moulo and Herring v Mitchell and a U Mnlth Riddell and Coldham \ Godfre> and borty Why to and Mann v winner, of 1st match 2.30! C W Innors of 2nd and Srd matches 2 80 b \\\ inner» ol 4th and f>th matches ¿ 80 Ö W Inner« of Oth and 7th matchc. LADIKH Dou.u,ri 11 ii ses Furnell end tatterson Mimes ¿lajiulro and Denn va Misses Brunton and Hetherington Misses A Iiccitott and May u< Misses usborne and Kiddell v Miss Lvdlard and Wilson W iiincrs ot 1st and -"nd matches Winners of Ord and 4th matches of the Melbourne Cricket Club Inff, at ß p ni, at the pavilion to nominates Tennis Committee for tho next 12 month» BOWLING The Williamstown How hug Club opened their cracn on '-»aturdan when a match na. p!a>cd between team» chosen bj the prcbllent aid \ ice presidents Tho folio win? is the acore -1 resident-Hink No 1 Morrell Scudds J. tiller, Knight 11 Hink ho f Craig, Kobirti Iriat Bu-mell, 13 Itlnlc Iso _I Itcnnle Tuckwell, Davies Worthington 12 Total, 3d \ico presidents- .tink ho 1-Uaunt nitchie, Paton, Ilornbj.K IUnk.No 2-Hiddle Lilrj, Ulck, Moirell 11 Hink r-o J-Uoliuburg, Tnrubscll MKobcrt Topo 2.Î. Total, 43 The .ko prt. ideiit¡_ team tlicreforo won b> 12 joints Tho pr.7es won laut season wero presente I to Messrs Hid and \\\ ort-Vmigtoi. after tho match, and sc\ eral new member« were proposu-d C\CLI.\G The Melbourne Club, tnkm ' advantage of the return ol fine weather, have resumed their long countr\ rides, and on Satur laj tl^ht riders pro cocded as far as Üox horebt The da> a ride ended at Kilmore at 7 pin ISoxt morning they left at 0 o clock, and reached Melbourne at U p m , having ridden HW tulka LOWING On fcaturdn afternoon tie rowing Reason wa, opened at Geelong b3 thu members of tho liirwon and Corio Üa3 clubs, with a series of per tch four oared race Ll^ht crews entered for the com] etltlon which waa o.era course three quarters o( a milo in lonçth on the liar won 1th cr lho \ariou« heats were holly contested the Ami-hcs being very close The result« were as follow - Hrat Heat -0 Garrard s crow beat P It Crea«} g feccoml Heat -C Hrownlow >- crew beat A ChriBtev a Third Hoot-A fiarnrd s crew beat C Matthew's Tourthlleat-D Moir s crow heit \\\ Iloukels i-iftli Heat,-Hrownlow «crew belt C Gorrardi. faixth lieat -A Garrard a eruw beat D Slulrf*. Mnal Itcat.-0 Brownlow stroke), II Kohu T Curnow, and It. Whorlow (bow) I at A Garrard s trew, and won 