THE V.R.C. AUTUMN MEETING. The Autumn Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club was inaugurated at Flemiogton on Saturday. The attendance was above the average,* and included His Exctllency the Governor. The meeting of the three cracks— Malua, Commotion, aud Off Color—in the Ewendon Stakes rendered the event of exceptional inteiest. Commotion won easily bv live lengths, Malua pulling up lame. It is said the latter iB not likely to race again. Six horses Baddled up for the Aecotvale Stakes, the result of which race is generally accepted as the last indication of crack two-year-old form for the season, and the best guide to prospective results in next season's Derby. With Hales up, the race was regarded as a foregone conclusion for Monte Christo, but Uralla turned tbe tables by winning easily by half a length. There was a good deal of hooting from the hill, especially when Hales (who, by the way, was extremely weak, not having altogether recovered from the effects of his recent accident) came to weigh in, and tbe answering cheer lrom the bookmakers and other better disposed people in the enclosure, in no way allayed the feeling about the race. Mr. While's friends and tbe stable were just as sorely disappointed as the general public, the bulk of their money being on the colt. At tbe Spring meeting, it will be remembered, Uralla staited second favourite for the Maribyinong Plate, but was not placed, whilst Monte Christo ran second to Newetead. For the St. Leger Stakes David, Mozart, Silver King, and Tremando were the competitors. Silver King won as expected ; and the only racing was between David and Mozart for second place. This honor fell to the little Gippslander by a neck. The time was the slowest by ?ome seconds recorded for the last 11 years. For the Newmarket Handicap 30 horses saddled up. It was thoroughly an intercolonial raco, for the colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, Tasmania, South Australia, and Queensland had all representatives. In starting, Velocipede and Mistake lost a lot of ground, and never recovered it. Coronet, a Tasmanian representative, won by three-quarters of a length from Muidlemarcb. The lime wa3 the slowest yet recorded for the race. The owners and backers ot Coronet, as well as the general public, are heavy winners over the result. Tbe party behind Coronet threw in for the big stake of £48,000, the woiking of the commission for which was cleverly executed in three or four bauds, one well-known Melbourne ngeot being responsible for over j£1G,000. The following are the particulars ol the rac- ESSENDON' STAKES, Of S SOTS, each, with 250 added ; 200 sovs. end nil the sweepstakes for the first horse, 30 for the second, and 20 for the third. Weight for age. One mile and a half. Hon. W. Pearson's b h Commotion, by Panic —Evening Star, 6 yrs, 9st 31b (Power) ... l Mr. J. O. Jnglis's b h Malua, 6 yrs, 9st 3lb (Robertson) o Mr. S. Martin's b c Reginald, 3 yrs, 8st lib (Boase) Plausible, Off Color, and Metal also ran. Time, 2tnin. 4"Jsec. THE ASCOTVALE STALES. Of 30 sovs. each, with 650 added; 500 sovs. and all the sweepstakes for the first horse, 100 for the Becond, and 50 for the third. For twoyear-olds. Three-quarters of a mile. Hon. J. White's b or br f Uralla, by Chester —Moonstone, 8st7lb (Ellis) 1 Hon. J. White's bl or g c Monte Christo, by Chester—Kathleen, 9st 31b, including 71b penalty, (Hales) Mr. A. Robertson's b c Dunlop, by Neckersgat—Etta, 7st 10lb(Moore) 3 Antonio. Buttress, and Lady Claudia also ran. Tiuie, lmin. 21£sec. THE ST. LEGE& STAKES, Of 25 sovs each, with 375 added ; 300 sovs. and all the sweepstakes for the first horse, 50 for the second,and 25 for third. For three-yearsold. Une mile and three-quarters and 132 yards. Mr. J. Wilson's, jun, b c Silver King, by First King— Senorita,8st 10lb (Moore) ... 1 Mr. G. Davis'd b c David, by Gondolier— Alice Drew, 8st 101b (Power) 2 Mrs. M. A. Brown's b c Mozart, by Napoleon —Queen Mary, gat iolb (Braithwaite) ... 3 Hon. J. White's br c Tremando, by Tester- Agitation, Sst 101b (Hales) 0 Time, 3min. 32{sec. Won easily. NL1VMABKET HANDICAP, Of 20 sovs. each, with 300 added. The eccond horse to receive 50 sovs., and the third to receive 20 sovs out of the stake. Threequarters of a mile. Mr. D. M. Robinson's b h Coronet, by St. Albans—Prima Donna, 5yrs, 7st (Cracknell) 1 Mr. A. Harvey's b or br c Middlemarch, 4yrs, Sst 4lb (Flanagan) 0 Mr. R. G. Talbot's br h Sheet Anchor, 6yrs, 7st 71b (Williamson) 3 Other Starters :—Welcome Jack, Garfield, Rattailous, Sir Garnet, Bliuk Bonny, Prometheus, Couingsby, Dueona, Topaz, The Ghost, Mistake, Amelia Victoria, Salvo, St. John, Alphabet, Velocipede. Mascotte, Town Moor, Lavington, Xautippe, Bohemian, Hannibal, Surrey, Westbury, Marie Louise, Leporello, ClaudiaTime, lmin 19j-sec. THE 110PKFUL STAKES, Of 5 FOVS each, with 175 added ; 150 sovs. and all tbe sweepstakes for the' first horse, and 25 for the second. For two-years-old that have never won 50 sovs. of public money. Five furloDgs. Mr. II. B Totliiil's b f Juauna, by Gang Forward— Haidee, Sst 71b Mr. A. Boyle ns b f Girofia, 8st jib. . .*.*. 2 Mr. M. Jacobs's b c Sunny Days, Sst. 101b.... 3 Other starters :—Abner, Matchlock, Kern us, Feruside, Manchester, Antonio, Warina, Wildr rake, Mountain Lass, Meerschaum, and Brella. Time, lmin. 4$9ec. BBCNSWJCK STAKES, Of 5 sovs. each, with 325 added ; 250 eors. and all the sweepstakes for the first horse, 50 for the second, and 25 for the third. One mile and a quarter. Mr. J. Redleam's ch f Madcap, 4 yrs, Sst 91b. 2 Mr. G. Glasscock's ch c Distiller, 4 yrs, 6Bt. 3 Sardius, Odd Trick, Little Sister, Anglesey, ? 