The Novelist. Ishmael. . BY M. E. BRADDON. ATJTHOB OF " LADT AUDLKT'S SECRET," "VIXEN," "THE GOLDEN CALF," àc.,.&a..; CHAPTER XXXVI -(CONTINUED.) ".I think she is tho handsomest woman i ? Paris," he said ; " but not half so facinating as certain little woman I know, who has much le« pretension "to absoluto beauty, but who is jpourri ? de chic." ."She is very charming," said the columbim whose every-day name was Amelie Jarze, relieve« by this avowal; "I am devoted to her. Is it nc i strange she does not marry ?" V "??Jj embarras du choix," answered the post-boj ?otherwise Armand de Keratry. "She migh marry anyone, and so she marries no one." ; Armand and Amelie had been closer friend ? than ever since their adventure in the Quartie Latin. It is wonderful how a little escapade o that kind ripens friendship. There was a secre between them, which served as a link. Thej could not hear of the Vicomte's poetry withom exchanging stolen glances, or hiding together ii corners to laugh at their ease. The mere sighl . of the little man, with his faiútless gloves anc ; boots, his mean little sallow face and intolerable airs, set Amelie and Armand in a mutual fever oi ' fun. And after a fortnight of this stolen amuse ment, Armand de Keratry found out all at once that he had had enough of a bachelor's life in . Paris ; that the existence was as banal as. it waa , costly ; that it would be an absolute economy tc : marry 5 and that Amelie Jarze, who had most ol the faults and follies of her age and epoch, re ' deemed by good temper and .high spirits, was the one young woman in all Paris whom he would like to marry. '-.His proposal was ?welcomed by Monsieur and ^Madame Jarze, who had known Mm for years, ?j He was not rich, but he had enough for existence, even in Paris ; and he had expectations. Had \- there been any prospect of a higher bid for hei younger daughter, Madame Jarze's heart would have hardened itself to stone. But thia being the best chance that had offered itself after three years of active enterprise in the husband hunting line/ Madame Jarze melted into tearB and drew the young man to her moire antique bosom before he was aware. > "¿That child has alwaya adored you," she murmured. ? i'Do you really think so?" faltered Armand, who liked to think of a tender little soul looking up to him with secret worship, watching for Iiis pmile8, living upon'his kind words. "Bo you . know I had an idea at one time that Amelie was very much taken by your wealthy friend Monsieur . lahmael." "My dear Armaud! How could you?" ex claimed his future mother-in-law, who was already speculating on the corbeille, and thinking of the letters de faire part. " A man of at least seven and thirty-r-nearly old onough to be her father." Armaud. glanced at Monsieur Jarze, grey, wrinkled, with a figure inclining to that of Punch, and thought there was a good deal of difference between the hypothetical parent and the real article. The arrangement was ratified-the dot agreed. It would be a drain upon the paternal resources, and might involve an appeal to the private purse of the Emperor, a man of almost fabulous generosity to his dependente. But to see that . cockle-shell barque, hia younger daughter, moored 'in a safe haven, Monsieur, Jarzé would have undertaken a task infinitely more diflicult. . ' And now Amélie hung upon her. lover's arm with the proud sense of proprietorship. She was " 'no longer > a demoiselle. d, inaner, with keen eye . ever on the watch for the.; chance bf the :: "moment, the sudden opportunity to lead a worthy victim captive; She bad secured her ; victim, almost unawaroB, and . he wore his ohains as if he liked them. That light nature of hers, was easily made happy. A month ago she had been miserable because Ishmael did not care for'her. She had told herself that in losing the Chance of a magnificent establiahment she : had also lost .the'one man of all others whom she could truly and fondly love. And now she told herself; that the one man whom she had truly and fondly loved from the very dawn of girlhood was the man who was to bc her husband, and that her romantic admiration of Ishmael had been a mere caprice, a girlish whim, of no real significance. To-night, assured that her costume waa a suc cess,, she felt that there was nothing wanting in her cup of bliss. She would not be rich as Ar mand's wife, but she would be aristocratic. She would be Amelie de Keratry. That "de" made amends for much. She had always hated the plebeian sound of Jarze, tout court. Not so happy waa poor Hortense amidst the roses and the lights, the glitter and dazzle of the fête. Clad in a flowing robe of ptirest white, with classic Bandais, , a wreath of oak leaves on her classic head; an pak hough-in her hand, she represented a Grecian sibyl. It was a pretty dress; in the ab stract, and it became Hortense Jarze's atyle of beauty, but it waa not a good costume for a fancy ball. The short skirts and neat ankles, the col umbines, and Pierrottas, and petits chaperons rowgéí, and bergères and (Xébardëuse's had it all their Own way in tho dance ; and aa.there Vere a gbdd n$tfy wallfíbwtívs anic»ng the pitifa érétiù, yotíng-old m'en wllb vowed that tlieyhad given up dancing year's ago, the dancers could take their cboice in the motley crowd of dames and damsels> all masked, and therefore all ou equal terms aa to beauty. It waa form and paco that told at Madame Claveroche's ball. Vainly had Hortense sought hor poet amidst the throng. That small, frail figure might well be lost in such a crowd. And the Viacomte had left his intentions doubtful-would not say whether he would or would not be present. He stigmatised the whole busineBB ag a folly-a mere parade and manifesto on the part of a vain, purse-proud woman, who wanted all PariB to ta i about her and her house. I " No doubt she thinks I shall celebrate her ba in a poem/' he said; "send her down to po I terity as the giver of the prettiest fête of tl I epoch/' " It would make a charming poem," said Ho tense; "the crowd of strange costumes of a nations-the music and flowers and summer nigl -the mystery bf masked faces. Do go to tb ball, if it wero only for the sake of writing aboi it." - The Vicomte mused for a moment, and the shook his head. "It would not be worth the trouble," he sai< u My muse is not inspired by chiffons." "But chiffons rule the world in our day, argued Hortense, who knew the poet's thirst fe renown. " Granted that such a subject is beneat your pen, yet you must know that a poem of tha kind, full of personalities, would set all Pari talking about the author." " It might," mused'Ponchartrain, twirling th pointed end of his moustache with those delicate!; tapering fingers. "People always talk mos obout bagatelles. What a wonderful knowlodgi of the world you have, Mademoiselle Jarze." "I have been obliged to endure my life in i for the last five years," she answered wearily. And now the sibyl was there, but had not ai yet discovered her Apollo. It was some tim< after midnight when Lady Constance Dane tree's coupe drove under tho porch. She had come very late, caring little about th( festival, and anxious to avoid the block oi carriages. She looked superb in a Venetian costume of $ark red velvet, gold brocade, anc black fur, a robe such as Titian or Moroni woulc have loved to paint. The ruff of old Italian point opened just wide enough to show the noble curve of the throat, and was clasped by a large square emerald, of fabulous value, set witb black pearls. Monsieur de Keratry had beer right when he said that a black velvet masi would go but a very little way towards disguising such a woman . as Constance Danetree. There were not three wemen in Paris whose heads were set upon their shoulders with such a queenlike grace. The figure and bearing of this daughtei of Erin were altogether exceptional. No mask could hide, no crowd . efface her. Other masks flocked round her as soon as she appeared in the ball room. Everyoné recognised her. One mar told her that she was:> either Titian's Queen ol Cyprus or Lady Constance Danetree. She was entreated to dance. "Venetian matrons did not waltz," sho an swered. . ? "No, their little amusements were of amore serious kind. They played at poisoning, and made Aqxia Tofana as modern children made toffee. But that is no reason why Lady Constance Danetree should not honour one of the most ^de voted among her slaves," urged au Abbe, with powdered hair and diamond shoe- bucklcs. " I am not Constance Danetree, but a noble Venetian of the sixteenth century, and I have never learnt the dances of the second French Em pire," she answered, sailing past him, with a gracious . bend of the beautiful head, undis guised by any ornament save a single string of pearls twisted ' among tho massive plaits. She mingled with the crowd which lined the ball room, leaving only a central space for the dancers, and moving slowly onward, pausing from time to time to talk to friends, or to watch the waltzers. . And now a new sensation made itself evident among the throng. A suppressed titter, subju gated as. much as possible for decency's sake, circulated in that hall of fading roses, and glit tering crystals, and myriad wax candles begin ning to bend and gutter in their sockets in an atmosphere rapidly becoming, tropical. A. figure, unseen till a few. minutes ago, had inspired the whole room with a sudden sense of the ridicu lous. ? '? / :. ' ? It was a female figure, suggestive of Rubens and the Louvre, recalling an apotheosis of Marie do Medicus ; yet still more vividly recalling tho nearer image of the Belle Helene. It was a lady in the full maturity of a Flemish beauty, fat, fair, and 30, clad as the world is accustomed to see ladies clad across the footlights-but rarely without, that intervening rampart. A woman on the stage is sacred as a priestess by an altar. She belongs to the world ol art. She is a figure in a picture. She lose3 her individuality; and is. only a part of a whole. But a woman parading a ball room on a level with the eyg, rubbing shoulders with the crowd, is only a woman j and in her case there is no excusefor a sin against womanly deli cacy.-. ' . ? .' ? ? * " Tiens !" cried a toreador as the lady, passed, leaning on the, arm of an ambassador, "la belle Helene!" 1'Helene" said another j mais pas Wop belle.".. ? " Quelle brase de chair humaine": whispered a Pierrot. ¡" CPest phis Schneider qm Schneider " muttered a Roumanian gipsy. The fair being sailed on -triumphant, hear ing only a vague buzz of admiration. And now the band in the ball room struck up the march from La Grande Duchesse, and a second orchestra hidden in the garden repeated the strain. Tb was a signal for supper and for unmasking. 'Helene and her ambassador led the way, and the throng followed} a dense procession of splendid and eccentric .costumes, jingling bells, waving plumes, clashing armour, dëmonB, houris, Turks, crusaders. J Lady Constance Danetree, embarrassed by the number of hör admirers, all entreating the honour of her hand, paused in thë midst Of a little circle, undecided which mask Bhe should favour, Abbe, Pierrot, Red Indian, Mandarin, Toreador, they all pressed round her, each hoping to be chosen; when the circle was suddenly broken by a man, taller than the tallest of them by nearly half a head, a man with the red cap of Liberty on Iiis dark short cut hair, and his stalwart figure clad in tho carmagnole jacket of '93, a costume that had a strange and almost sinister air amidst the satin and velvet, the gold and spangles, the plumes and flowers of that glittering crowd. " If Madame will Honour rae <-" murmur the mask, offering his arm. l\ Lady Constance accepted it instantly, ai passed into the moonlit garden on the-, J publican's arm, leaving her circle of admire panics la. : » "What a hideous figure," said ono. "Hie ghost of revolution and bloodshed," sa another. " Tho. police ougbt not; to allow such costume. It is much too suggestive for the temp of the ago." " I should not bo surprised if tho gentlems himself came from the Bue do Jerusalem. Tl policy of the Empire has not been to mako i forget '93, but to remind us what a horrible ei it was, and how lucky we are to escape a repetitic of its terrors." The carmagnole, the red cap, the dark hair, tl firm chin under the velvet mask¿ the tall figu and stately shoulders, the low resonant voice not for a moment had Constance Danetree doubte the individuality of thiß ghost of the fatal yei of '93. Her heart beat fast and loud as she walked b the unknown's side, across the moonlit grass slowly, lingeringly, prolonging to the'utterniOE that brief journey towards the great marque yonder, the canvas doors of which were draw wide apart, revealing the dazzling interior-ch cular tables, diminishing in diameter towards th centre, circles within circles, on the plan of th Exposition, and all the tables flashing with silve and many-coloured glass, flowers, china, and al those artistic compositions in the way of pastr; and confectionery which elevate cookery to a fin art. The banquet had an air of Fairyland undè the electric light. The guests in their rainboi colours and tinsel and gems were crowding romy the tables, filling in the circles. " I do not believe there will be room for us h there," said Lady Constance. "Do you think not?" said the CarmagnoL eagerly. " Would you rather sit here in tho moon light, and let me bringyou some supper, or woul< it be too cold?" "Cold! The atmosphere is positive enjoymen after that tropical ballroom' If you do not min< the trouble I had much, rather sit here." There were groups of ^rustic chairs and litth Japanese tables scattered i about in the cool, ver dant garden, and already some of these had beei pounced upon by those couples, who would alway rather sup in a quiet corner tete-a- tete, were i never so cramped or inconvenient. The Carmagnole selected the pleasantest spot, i rustic bench sheltered from the night wind by i group of magnoHas, masses of dark. Bhining vor dure, with white goblet-shaped blossoms. Here Lady Constance seated herself, while th Carmagnole wont in quest of supper. He had no far to go, the attendance was perfect, and he ha« a waiter at his command in a few minutes arranging the little rustic table, bringing deli catest dishes, and iced champagne iii a great glas pitcher. From the marquee came a Babel of voices Masks had been just this moment removed. Li Belle Helene, in the person of the Baronesi Clavaroche, was in tho central circle,- welcoming her guests. Some of the greatest people in Parii were among that motley crowd. Not the Empe ror, whose declining health was a reason for hil absence from any private festival; nor the Em press, who had never taken kindly to Madam« Clavaroche. But short of the very highest, ther< was no splendour of name or title wanting to th< Baroness' ball. " A brilliant scene," said Constance, with hoi face turned towards the marquee. She had not yet removed her mask, nor had th< Carmagnole. " Ana to-morrow there will bo nothing left of ii but a memory," he answered gravely. Happj those for whom the memory will be linked with £ face they love, not a mere garish vision of strang« faces and strange finery." '? Will it be a sweet or a bitter memory for you Monsieur Ishmael ?" asked Constance, smiling ai him under tho lace border of her mask. "You know nie, then ?" he said, half surprised "Do you suppose that piece of black, velvei across your face can hide yom*individuality? Yoi would be a very commonplace person if your coule disguise yourself so easily." " You knew me from the first moment, then '/ he said, laying aside his mask, looking at her wit! eyes dark with deepest feeling, as they sat oppo. site each other at the little supper-table, half ir moonlight, half in shadow. If Madame Clavaroche's guests in general hac been as indifferent to the pleasures of the table at these two, the banquet might as well have been a stage feast of painted" fruit and empty goblet Lady Constance had eaten half a peach, and hei companion had emptied his champagne glass, and that was all. The attentive waiter, seeing them preoccupied, whisked off the dainty little dishes to a table on tho other side of the gai*den, where a columbine and a Mexican post boy were clamorous for food. " Yes. I knew you from the first." " And you honoured me with your arm in pre ference to those gentlemen round you-some of the most distinguished, names in France!" "I see those great, people every day ; and yon are a stranger. There is always a pleasure in novelty." She spoke in her easiest -manner. Gracious: calm, beautiful beyond all other women in that crowded scene. w here beautiful women were many, But her heart was beating passionately. She fell that this man who had so long and so persistently aVoicle'd her would not have thrWn himself in hei way to-night without a motive. The motive woula reveal itself presently perhaps. In tho meantime her duty as a woman was to be as calm as marble \ to ask no questions 5 to reveal no warmer interest than that faint curiosity which society calls sym pathy. " It is very good of you to remember that it ii long since we met/ said- Ishmael j and then, in t lower voice, "to me the time has been intolerably long, and I thought it was to be only the begin ning of a hopeless for ever." " Indeed !" exclaimed Lady Constance, lightly "yet as your isolation from society was a volun tory retirement, I do not see that you have any right to complain. I was informed that you were one of the few who refused the baroness's invita tion for to-night ?" - - - "That is quite true." "And. yet you are here ?" "And yet I nm hore. "Within an hour or two of my coming I had no idea of being hore. Lady Constance, can you imagine that the whole con ditions of a man's life may bo changed in a few hom's? That a man who has been a slave, fettered and tied by an obligation of the past, may suddenly find himself free-the chain snapped asunder-his own master. Such a change has happened in my life. I am my own master ; free to go where I like j to see whom I like ; free to love and to woo a noble and perfect woman, and to win her if l ean." Ile was leaning across the narrow table, his clasped hands resting upon it, his eyes looking into her eyes. Never had the dark finely featured face looked handsomer than under the scarlet cap of Liberty, flushed with gladness, the eyes shining in the moonlight, the lips tremulous with deepest feeling.; Constance Danetrco's eyelids drooped under that intensé gaze. She tried to make light of the situation, and to stave off the denoitc ment. You' have changed your mind, then, since last June, when you told Mademoiselle Jarze that you intended never to marry ?" "Yes; for in those days I fancied myself bound by an old tie. And now I know that that tie has long been broken, and I am free-have been free for years past, but did not know of my liberty;" / . ." You are talking enigmas," said Constance. "Shall I speak more plainly ?" ho asked, drawing still nearer to her, lowering his voice, lest the very leaves of'tho magnolia, whisper ing gently to themselves all the willie, should have oars to hear him, " in plainest, simplest, truest words) as befits a plain man ? I loved you from the '.'first, Constance-from the first Bweet hour when, we met amidst the frivolous surroundings of a Parisian salon. Froin that hour I was your slave-your ' worshipper. I had found my ideal, the realisation of an old, old dream ; tho ono woman in. this world whom I could reverence and adore..,-; I : had. found her, and my heart went to her as tlïe tide goes to the shore, impelled by a force it vknows not, Bave to know that it is irre sistible. Thad found her- yes, but too late ! I was .bound,: or believed myself bound, by that old tie. And yet I went on meeting you-went on worshipping you-although these lips wero scrupulously dumb j went on treading nearer and nearer .,the verge of an abyss of dishonour. I might have disregarded that old bondage of which, the world knew so little ; might havo ig nored .the past. Yes, this is how Satan would havo argued had I lent my ear. The day came when I felt that I must go no further ; that from this fool's paradise I must escape at any cost to myself. '* And then, half hoping you would guess that I was in some wise the slave of circumstances, I told you that I meant never to marry ; and in that hour I left your house, meaning never to trußt myself in your presence again. I have lived the life of a hermit since that hour; and now I am a free man, Lady Constance-free to win a noble wife, if I can!" He took her unresisting hand, and raised it to his lips. £'He had drawn his chair nearer to hers in -|he( shadowy of the magnolias, and the table was no longer between them. . s ; //'Constance, will you give me no word, of hope ?" .. "¿Is the' tie of which you speak really broken ?" she asiredjjravely. " Have you the right to ask for my love?" "iThe tie is broken-by death." . "íAnd tthere is nothing in your past life-no dishonour, no .taint-which can lessen your worth in the eyes of > such a woman as I ?" '."Thfcre is no. taint-no dishonour. Commer cially, all Paris can; tell you what I am. Socially, I will answer fdr myself. I have done no wrong !" : " AndVou really love mo ?" "As women are rarely loved." " I am yery glad," she murmured softly, as ho bent to listen for his fate. " I am glad you, love me, Ishmael, for my heart went out to you with just the same irresistible impulse that night we first met. I knew then that it was fate. Thank God it ie a happy fate, and that you give me love for love." -, - , (TO BB CONTINUED.) 