FURTHER EFFECTS OF CEN TRALISATION. It might have been reasonably supposed that if any kind of manufacture could be successfully carried out in the up-country towns of Victoria it would be that of tobacco, in those districts where the soil and climate are favorable to tbe growth of that very exacting plant. The river valleys of the norlh-east are peculiarly fitted for the production of this plant, and, naturally, attempts wera made to establish tobacco factories here ; but, between a paternal Government and Parliament on tbe one side and the centralising monopoly of the tobacco "ring" in Melbourne, all such efforts have, after many struggles, proved abortive. It is well known that the valleys of the Little River, the Ovens, and more especially perhaps of the King, are particularly adapted to tho culture of tobacco. Accordingly, some years ago a Chinaman, Mr Ah Katt, some years aao established a tobacco factory in Yackandandah. Here he carried on the bnsinesB for some time wilh a fair measure of success, bat being attracted by the superior quality aud quantity of the King River articles he made advances te the Wangaratta people to transfer the plant and business to that town. Some of the Waniaratta bnsiness men, seeing the value1 of such a factory iu their midst, as Mr Ah Katt employed only European labor in the manufacture, offered him a very handsome bonus to coma amongst them, which he, after some negotiation, accepted, and he moved his plant into the town, at the junction of the King and Ovens Rivers, where his supply of the raw material was almost ready to his hand. In the meantime, however, Mr Berry, in pursuance of what he calls a policy of protection to native industries, placed an embarys on he manufacture of this article in the colony, in the shape of a fee of £150 per annum, ostensibly to, pay for the services of a customs officer to look after the excise duty on the manufactured leaf previous to its being placed on the market. It may be imagined that such an industry, carried out, as it must necessarily be, on a comparatively small scale, and having not only the foreign article, but tne Mel- bourne-made tobacco to compete with, should feel itself heavily handicapped by this new impost, and Mr Ah Katt succumbed to the pressure. The Wan- garatta people, however, were not satisfied with this, ana m combination with some of the to bacco growers they formed a company, bought Mr Ah Katt out, and made a fresh start. All in vain. They fonght manfully for a time against nnheard-of difficulties and the burden of the yearly fee, but had at length to yield, and they in tarn were obliged to sell to a private firm, whose principal is a resident of Sydney. They succeeded in greally im- proving the brand, and it was thought for some time they would pnll through, but the drag npon them proved too heavy, and they also bad to cry, "Enough;" and now the Wangaratta factory is a thing of the past, as the plant is about to bo removed to Sydney. Now, this is a serious blow to the whole district, as well as to Waugaratta, be cause it will act as a discouragement to other similar enterprises. It is evident that it is in the interest of the Melbourne tobacco manufacturers to cut down small country factories, as they thus enjoy a perfect monopoly, and can rig the market as they please. The tiau annual ree is to tnem a mere nothing, as they are all' wealthy firms ; bat such a sum is of course a matter for . serious . consideration toa country manufacturer, who necessar ily starts on a Bmall scale and has to compete with an organised opposition in prices established in Melbourne. The failure of the Wangaratta factory is also a very bad thing for the tobacco plan ters of the district, as the Melbourne buyers will now give exactly what they please for the raw leaf, and no more. And yet it has suggested itself to that out of this catastrophe good may arise. The Beechworth people have been for a long time crying out for the establishment of factories of some kind in the town. Certain it is that without something of the kind, and until the quartz reefs in the neighborhood ..are opened np, Beechworth will make no pro gress. Here is an industry ready to the hand of the Beechworth people, whieb . is capable of unlimited expansion, if; started on anything like a liberal basis, and capable ..of giving employment to scores of bands- — beys and girls -as well as adults. 'Beechworth, although not immediately.on a river itself, is -in the very centre of the river system which produces ehe best tobacco- in Australia. It is connected by rail with -the 9ren> and King Rivers at Wangaratta, and with the former and tbe Buffalo River at Bowman's Forest and Myrtleford. Pre sently it wilt have railway communication with the Kiesva River, and, later on, with the Upper Murray. We are con fident that tobacco would grow well in the immediate neighborhood of Beech worth -itself, where every house might have its small . tobacco patch, just as it now possesses a cabbage- garden,' ana it is peculiarly a plant which flourishes under do mestic / care. Beechworth, too, is not only the centre of a tobaccorgrowing country, : but is in the very heart of a ready market for the manufactured ar ticle, if properly turned out. If , the people of the town really desire to es tablish factories there, here is one offer ing itself which would be incomparable andmore snitableto its conditionsthanai woollen or boot factory or a refrigerating'; company, all of which have been spoken, of for years= The Melbourne Cur.— The race for the Melbourne Cup of 1885 is a thing of the past, having been run at Flemington on Tuesday. The result has afforded another proof of. the uncertainty of turf events ; a comparative outsider, in the Ballarat horse Sheet Anchor, having appropriated the groat prize, with the Qaul field Cup winner, Grace Darling, second, and the favorites, Trenton and Nordenfeldt, third and fourth. The race, which is described in another column, was a grand one, there being thirty-five starters and the time being the faatest for two miles in the oolonies, viz., 3inin. 29l3ec. The best American record for the same distance was that of Ten Broeck, at Louisville, Kentucky — 3min. 274sec. Al though Sheet Anchor wa3 well supported by Ballarat residents, the win was by 110 means a popular one, the general public having pinned their faith to Nordenfeldt and Trenton, and as a consequence the " ring" won heavily. The racing will be continued te-day (Thursday) and on Satur day, the principal event on' the former occasion being the Oaks Stakes, which is run at 5 p.m. Farewell at Wangaratta. —In our leading columus we refer more particularly te the collapse of the Wangaratta Tobacco Factory, and the removal of the plant to Sydney. Commercially, this is a great loss to the town ; but we also regret that it has had its social disadvantages. Mr N. Y. Duncan, who acted as customs-offi cer in the establishment on behalf of the Government, and who has, during his two years' residence ia Wangaratta in that capacity, won the general esteem of the public and made many personal friends, lately received orders to proceed to Mel bourne. A number of his most intimate acquaintances determined, however, that he should not leave without tendering some mark of their regard and their regret, and this took the shape of a little feast, of which the chief characteristics were fruit and wine, accompanied by a presentation of a gold locket bearing a suitable inscrip tion. The affair came off at Messrs Moor- head and Harris's Commercial Hotel, and the table was laid by the former gentleman in a manner so elegantly as to deserve to be described as artistic. Mr J. H. Tone took the chair, and about twenty gentle men sat down to the table. Mr Tone, in a few eloquent and feeling words, ex pressed the sense of all present as to the services rendered by their guest in many matters relating to the sociaf well-being of the town — notably as the hon. secretary of the athletic club aud organiser of the pleasant assemblies which had given so much enjoyment to ladies, as well as gen tlemen, during tho last two winters. He expressed their great regret at losing so good a citizen, and so agreeable a gentle man. These sentiments were heartily received by all present, and Mr Tone then presented the really handsome locket to Mr Duncan, whose health was drunk in bumpers of champagne. Mr Duncan briefly, but earnestly, returned thanks. This was the only toast of the evein- ing, but the enjoyment was kept up . afte midnight., with songs, re citations, hornpipes, &c; And when we mention that Mr Pike recited some of his most telling pieces, that Mr Tone and others supplied the comic element, and that Mr Snelling favored the the company with some pieces on the violin in his own masterly manner, it will be evident that there was no lack of talent or humor. In fact a most enjoyable evening was passed. The Foresters' Sports. — The following is the handicap for the Sheffield Handicap, to be run in connection with the Foresters' sports at Baarmutha Park cn Monday : W. O'Brien, scratch ; J. Yoxall, 3yds; C. Morgan, 3yds; C. Spencer, 3yds; W. Billsborrow, 3yds ; E. Kneebone, 4yds ; M. Stapleton, 5yds ; F. Tersdale, 5yds ; J. McKee, 9yds ; J. Reau, 9yds ; H. Davis, 9yds ; Jas. Whately, 10yds. The handicappers were Messrs D. Ryan, A. Anderson and T. Drenen. The Sheffield Han dicap rules, we are requ ested ta intimate to the competitors, will be strictly adhered to. Beechworth Public Library. — The monthly meeting of the Beechworth Free Public Library aud Burke Museum took place on Monday evening ; there being present — Mr J. Golds worthy (in the chair) the Rev. G. F.- Cross and Messrs - D. Wilson, Alderdice, Stewart, and A. Kyle (hon. sec.). The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The hon. treasurer reported a debit balance of £76 0s 2d. Accounts amounting to £21 16s 3d were passed for payment, and several contributions received during the month ordered to be acknowledged with thanks. Mr Kyle brought under notice the fact that there were arrears of sub scriptions amounting to over £27. and it was resolved that the curator be instructed to make an effort to collect the amounts due, and to not allow the isstie of books to subscribers in arrear. Corowa. — Our correspondent writes :: During a few days last week it was very hot. Friday will be remembered ; it being 135 degrees in the sun. It began to rain on Saturday, and during the day some very heavy showers fell, about 125 points being registered. A large quantity of wool crossed during the past week. The shelter has proved inadequate ; but I should con- sider tnat the great influx is past, for the shearers are returning fast. The wool crossed week ending Saturday amouuted to 2343 bales. Ministerial Appointment.— The port, folio of the Minister of Justice in the Neu South Wales Governmenthasbeenoffered to and accepted by Mr T. M. Slattery. That gentleman and Mr W. J. Dyne, the newly- appointed Minister for Works, were sworn in at a "special- meeting ; of the Executive CounciRop/Monday. v ' 1 ; : r ' " Cricket.— A. match between teams repre senting theWarigarattaand Benalla Cricket clubs : will be played' on the ground of the latter on Monday. The Wangaratta team will be chosen from J. B. Docker, F G Docker, T... G.. Clarke, W. Smith, R Fraser, R„ Gharleson, R. Perry, W Hen derson, C. C: Sandford.-S. Willet, J- B. Wmnicott and L. Taylor. Wangaratta Gun Club. — A meeting of the committee of this club was held at the Commercial' Hotel, Wangaratta, on Monday evening. Present : — The presi dent (Mr John Norton) in the chair, and Messrs 'Harris, Reid, J. O'Brien, Hogg, W. Osbaldstoue, and Moorhead (ho 11. sec- , retary). The minutes of the previous meeting were confirmed. The following"1 new members wera enrolled, and handi capped as follows for the remainder of the present quarter Messrs Wm. Frew (Albury), 29 yards; Alex. Frew (Albury), 28 yards; Mr Geo. Billson (Albury), 28 yards; and Mr Robert O'Brien (Wangaratta), 22 yards. Mr R. Harris offered a trophy to be shot for, . to be won. three times, with an optional sweep of £1. Mr Harris's offer was inanuruiiy accepted, and on his sug gestion it was resolved to shoot by points ; .three points if the bird was killed by first barrel and two ;.points by second barrel. Mr Oshaldstone reported that he had al ready 117 birds ready, and expected more. It was therefore resolved that the first match for the Harris trophy should come off on the 9th of November on the same ground in the paddock uexfcbeywad the cemetery, and that it should commence at 2 p.m. In case Mr Marsden should be unable to bs present, the hon. secretary was authorised to ask Mr R. O'Brien to act as referee, in which capacity the had given such satisfaction, at the opening match of the club. A special general meeting of the members was to be held on the 6th inst., to add to the number of committee, and for general business. Tho arrangements as to the engagements of a trapper were left in the hands of the hon. sec. It was resolved that the number of birds to each 3hooter should - be - seven,- or more, /according to /circum stances. The following accounts were passed for / payment : — Wm, - Oshald stone (birds), £7 103 6d ; Patterson (trapper), £1 10s ; Moorhead and Harris (refreshments), 19s 6d. The meeting ad journed. Accident at Wangaratta. — A man named Deake, injthe employment cf Mr Raisbeck, butcher, Wangaratta, met with a curious, although net uncommon, ac cident on Wednesday. While -riding, somewhat carelessly as it would appear his horse went under a "clotbes-line, which pulled him out of the saddle ; the fall frac turing two of his ribs. He was conveyed to the hospital, andDr Macfarlane informs us he is progressing favorably. Theatrical Notes. — A Melbourne cor respondent writes : — With the exception of a varied change of performance at the Theatre Royal with the great favorites— the. Williamsons — there will be no altera tion in the theatrical programme for the Cup week. The Opera House continues its great success with the " Lights o' Lon- d»n," G. R. Sims's most popular play. Its plot is so good, its incidents so true to nature, and its present cast of characters so ably sustained by. Messrs llignold and Allison's company, aided by most beauti ful scenery aud marvellous mechanical effects, no wonder its popularity is so great. Report says Mr Rignold means soon to re- produce Shakespeare's " Henry V," with increased and unusual splendor. At the Bijou Theatre, " Written in Sand" and " Nita's First" are still drawing well filled houses, and " Mixed" is yet the attraction of tho Nugget Theatre. Report also says the management of the Theatre Royal have a great drama in preparation to be produced very early ; while they are already at work oh the forthcoming annual Christmas pantomime. Two V6ry un doubtedly first-class companies of negro minstrelsy are now in Melbourne — the Federal Minstrels and Emtnerson's Min strels, and each, no doubt, affords much amusement to all lovers wf that kind ef entertainment. . The Harry Rickards- Leete Combination has gone to Sydney, and, it is said, will return for another season in Melbourne at Christmas. Mr George Darrell aud Mr Alfred Dampier, with their several companies, I hear, have 110 cause to grumble for lack of patronage in Sydney. Mrs Wybert Reeve is doing fairly well in Adelaide, in which city Mr B. Fairclough, the tragedian, is giving recitations from Shakespeare aud other poets, interspersed with favorite ballads by that charming vocalist, Miss Elsie May. From thence 'tis said they will proceed to many up-country towns, with the same entertainment. I hear Mr W. J. Hollo- way, . who, with his family, has lately returned from England, and has brought with him many special novelties, will commence his campaign in Ballarat at ' Christmas. Miss Jennie .Lee ,(" Jo") is travelling through the English provinces, as is also another great favorite of the Australian public, Miss Marie De Grey. Both, no doubt, hold grateful memory of their popularity in these colonies. Mrs Arthur Stirling, known here as Miss Cleveland, is now a professor of elocution at tho Ruyal College of Music, in London. Miss Dolly Green is touring the English provinces, and is a great favorite. Mr Henry Bracey is at Hie Court Theatre. Mr J. B. Howe and many others favorably known here are meeting with succo33 in England. Melbourne is crowded with visiters for the great carnival week, and things theatrical are flourishing well. Mining Mbeting. — The half-yearly general meeting of shareholders in the Cobungra Gold Mining Company took place on Friday at Phair's Hotel, Mel bourne, Mr John Ditchburn in the chair. The reports and balance-sheets were unani mously adopted. The mining ' manager reported that 50 days' continuous slnicing had been accomplished, during which time 76,300 cubic yards of stuff had been ope rated upon with a 4kin. nozzle, which prospected fine colors iu the top washes, and as much as 6gr. per dish from the bottom, frequently Igr. haying been panned 6ft or 7ft above the bottom. The little giant nozzle and. other appliances were working first-class. A wash-up would be . commenced in November. Messrs J. Ditchburn, H. Byron Moore and JrW. Lundberg were elected directors for 12 months, and Mr H. . W, Lowry re appointed auditor. A vote of thanks was accorded to; the directors for continuing their services without any remuneration. Be ec a worth Police Court. — At this court on Wednesday, before .Mr McCor- mick, P.M., Edward Maguira was charged, under the Vagrant Act, with having been found by night without law ful excuse- in the enclosed yard of William Neely, vigneron, of Beechworth, on Monday morning, 2nd inst., at half- past four o'clock. He was further chaffed with drunkenness. After hearing the evidence of William Neely, Mary Ann Anderson, William Moore aud Constable Lynch the P.M. remanded the accused until Friday, 6tli inst., for the purpose of enabling defendant to obtain evidence on his behalf. Thomas Gambnld, charged by Constable Waters with having been drunk on Monday, was. on consideration of his haying been locked up since the time of his arrest, discharged with a caution. Inijuest. — An inquest wa3 held at the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum ou Tuesday, before Mr McCormick, coroner, and a jury of twelve, concerning the. death of a former inmate of that institution named John Stewart, who died on Sunday after noon. A verdiet was returned in accor dance with the evidence of Dr Lyons, the dapnty medical superintendent, that death had resulted from chronic pneu monm, ' Thh Grain Market. — Owing to recent changes in the market, the priceBruIingiin Wangaratta have receded lid per bushel below last quotations ; wheat being now 3s 5d per bushel. Oats, however, remain firm, and from the quantity in crop being limited, no very material change either way is expected, reports the " Dispatch." The following are the prices quoted at pre sent : — Wheat, 3s 5id per bushel; oats, 2s to 2s 9d ; bran, Is to Is 2d ; pollard, Is to Is 2d ; flour, 18s per bag; potatoes, 5s per cwt. Educational. — Our readers .who have, children attending the Wangaratta Stata- school will, no doubt, be concerned en learning that the school will be deprived of the services of Mia3 Wilson for some time as that young lady leaves Wangaratta to go on relieving duty at the Waggarandal State-school ; and that Miss Murdoch, alao a teacher in the same school, goes to Oxley on relieving duty, says the " Dispatch." The Importation of Grapes.— The Hon. J. A. Wallace, M.L.O., 011 Monday introduced a deputation of vine growers from Corowa, Hovrlong and neighboring districts to the Minister of Agriculture, asking that the . restrictions placed upon the importation of grapes across the- New- South Wales border into Victoria should be removed. The statement was made that phylloxera only existed in New South Wales: -in one district (Camden); and it was suggested that the proclamation pro hibiting the importation of grapes into Victoria from New South Wales should be made operative to. that district alone. Albury, it was mentioned, traded chiefly with Victoria, and the vine growers across tho borderssent all their grapes'into Victoria- to be pressed. The deputation proposed that a stripe of ten miles along.tlie Murray River, 011 the New South Wales side, should be exempted from the proclama tion. Mr Levin said that it would be im possible to suspend the regulation alto gether ; but he promised to consult his colleagues with a view of making an arrangement by which the vineyard owners near the border might send their grape3 over to this colony to be pressed. Attempts to Wreck a Train.— The Beaufort correspondent of the Age" on Monday telegraphed : — For some time past obstructions have been placed on the railway line between the Beaufort railway station and Mr Gullick's gate on the Bal larat side of the Beanfort station. The obstruction have taken the form of pieces of sawn timber and water pipes, but yes terday morning a large quartz stone, weighing about 161b was placed on the points near the station, and was lashed down with a piece of rope. Fortunately Porter Ryan noticed the obstruction when going on duty at half-past six in the morn ing, otherwise the probability is that the train which arrives at Beaufort at half- past seven from Ballarat would have been wrecked. The detectives have been at work endeavoring to discover the culprit, but up to the present their exertions have not proved successful. A Swimming Shoe. — A swim ming shoe has been patented in America, Combined with a foot plate are apertured lugs projecting from tho bottom, a rod held cn the lugs, with win»3 on the rod. 30 that when the swimmer strikes out the wiugs swing open and offer much resistance to the water, but when the footi3 drawn forward the wing3 swino- together. An Illusion.— Pepper'3 Ghost, says the " Scientific American," is produced as follows : — The real figure, which is not seen by the observer, is seated below the 3tage, in the fight of a strong lamp, and facing a mirror, while above the figure is a piece of plate glass, both mirror and glass -being placed at an angle of about 45deg. The ghostly image or reflection is then seen by the observer apparent ly above and behind the real figure. A Narrow Escape. — The "Alexandra correspondent of the " Age," telegraphing on Sunday, states : — The local post and telegraph office was struck by lightning yesterday afternoon, and the whole of the operating instruments, deluding all the wires connected with the lightning ar rester, were destroyed. Miss Powell, the post mistress, states that she was in the set of forwarding a message to Melbourne, when she heard a terriffie report as if some one outside the office had fired a revolver through the window. Immediately after wards a large ball of fire descended, ig nited the gutta percha wire, and com pletely destroyed everything with which it came in contact. The molteu gntta percha also set a quantity of paper on fire. Miss Powell staggered from the instru ment quiet deaf and blind, and called assistance. Her escape from death was miraculous. The French Population. — There waB some little curiosity felt a few months ago states the "Pall Mall Gazette," about a law adopted by the French Legislature for providing free education and board to every fifth child in a family. The reason for this bounty comes out clearly enough from the French population returns for 1884, which have just been published, but were no doubt already before Ministers when the law in question was introduced. The decrease in number of births in France remains obstinately stationary, while that of deaths slightly increases, tho result being that the excess over deaths has fallen from 172,942 in 1874 to 78,974 in 1883, or 50 per cent in 'ten years. To show the si<»- nificence of these figures one may remark that the excess of births over deaths in any one year in tlie United Kingdom is somewhere about 450,000. Whether i the bounty system will do any good is de cidedly doubtful ; but unless something can be done to avert the downward move ment, the time will soon come when ; the population of France will actually decline. Aristocratic Hop-pickers. — During several days last week, writes the " Home News of the-25th September, the Duchess of Edinburgh, /with her children, has been seen in the hoc-gardens, near Faainroil Park, picking hops for an hour or two at a time. Her Royal Highness is stated to be very fond of " the work, and the Princesses have also entered heartily Into the operation of stripping off the hops. Reclaiming the Fallen. — A " mid night meeting" for the rescue of fallen women is the latest develonmant nf ro. formatory effort in Sydney. Referring to a meeting of this kind held on Friday in the Temperance Hall, the " Sydney Morn ing Herald " says " An excellent re- past was pro viaea, ana a large number of the unfortunates for whom- the -treat was organised attended. All the city mission aries and several clergymen and their wives canvassed the streets between half- past nine and 11 p.m., and many of the women responded to their invitations to be present. A good choir rendered some excellent music, and addresses were delivered by Mr B. Short (chairman), the Revs. T. B. Tress, W. G. Tavlor and .T Hill. Some of the ladies of the committoe of the Female Refuge were also present. Several of the women gladly availed themselves of the offer of a home, and they were conveyed to the refuge in an omnibus, which was thoughtfully pro vided by one of the members of the committee. It was intimated that similar meetings would be held in the future, and good results are anticipated from the method adopted ia raolainung the fallen ' Deathofthk Duke of Abercohn. — Tho death is announced of the Duke of Aber- corn, the head of the house of Hamilton, who in 1866 was Lord Lieutenant of Ire land, and in that capacity received the Prince and Princess of Wales on the occa sion of their first visit to Ireland. Authors' Troubles. — It is naturally thought books which have an immediate and extraordinary sale are readily, if not eagerly, accepted by publishers as soon as the manuscript has been run . over. But this frequently fails to be true. The " In nocents Abroad" is a notable example. After Mark Twain had returned in 1867 ftom. the Quaker Gity excursion to the Old World, he set himself energetically at work to prepare his matter, having no doubt that he could find any number of publishers. As soon as it had been finished, :he offered it again and again in Ne w York to no - purpose. Then , he sent it to Boston, and finally to Philadelphia, - with the same lack of success. Nearly every prominent house in the three places declined it, ; which, of course, both \snr-; prised and exasperated, the author. /He, had reason to believe that a work specially designed to excite laughter (American publishers are always in search they _say of anything humorous), and certainly prosperous in its design, would be printed without delay or trouble. ; Finally, he grew so dispirited .thai; he determined to try no more, even threatening to burn up his MS. At this juncture a friend arid literary man — the late Albert D. Richard son — asked for the copy, as he was going to Hartford, Conn., in order to offer .it thereto a subscription house which had published one or two bf his books. Tak ing it with him, he resoin mended it so strongly, reading some of the drollest parts to one of ..the members of the firm, that it was speedily issued by the Ameri can Publishing Company, and . had, ns everybody knows, an instantaneous and prodigious sale. Almost anybody, it would seem, would feel assured that such a book would be popular, and popularity is what every publisher seeks. But the publishers were in teo much doubt to incur the risk. They often appear to have no more understanding of what, the com munity would like to read than if they had no acquaintance with the trade. Electricity and Whisky. — Three in candescent lamps of thirty-two candle power, inclosed iu a glass tube one above the other, and inserted through the bung- hole into a barrel of whisky. The light and heat thus introduced has the same- effect on the whisky as age had formerly, and the improved article is ready for the market in a much shorter space of time. Instead of tho spirit being injured by the application, good judges say that its quality is greatly improved. Equine Opium Eaters. — The natives of India are said to give their horses opium when they desire to accomplish long journeys. It is related that an Indian horseman gave his animal a dram of opium and thus enabled him to travel with ease forty miles farther. Shocking Moral Depravity. — The case of George John Jolly, which has just been re-opened at Adelaide, displays al most incredible developments of vice and baseness en the part of the principal actors iu this domestic horror. Jolly, a man of rrligious antecedents, and intelligent and respectable appearance, was tried in the Adelaide Criminal Court in October last year for having criminally assaulted his daughter, Mary Matilda Jolly, at Waterloo Plains, on August, 19. The evidence showed that Jolly's daughter, when a little girl, was removed from the Destitute Asylum hy a Mrs Barnes, of"' Waterloo Plains, in whose house she was living at .the time of the alleged outrage. She was then a fine girl of 18 years, and her father, who had not Been her for several years, visited -her three days later. Ac cording to tHe evidence she was followed by her father when taking cows out to feed, and assaulted, besides v being threatened with violence if she reported the matter. Two days later Jolly found her alone in Mrs Barnes's house, and again assaulted her. Three weeks later tho girl reported the circumstance U Mr3 Barnes, who in court corroborated the girl s evidence as to her not having acted immorally with anyone else as far as her knowledge went. _ Jolly in conrt denied the crime, and said that the charge had been trumped up by hj3 daughter because he refused hi3 consent to her marrying a young man named John Harvev, who was paying his addresses to her. However he was sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment, and has already received a flogging of 15 lashes. Recently it was reported to the .srovernment that the evidence given by Miss Jody and Mrs Barnes was untrue, f T f-1 in1uiry disclosed an even more shocking state of things than was brought to light at the previous trial. The <rirl acknowledged that at the time the alleged offence was committed she was already encient," and with a view' of shielding her paramour she accused her father. At the same time she admitted that her father had been guilty of incest, although it was with her consent. Mrs Bar ne3 also confessed that her evidence as to the girl's moral character was false, as she was well aware of the girl's previous misconduct. Jolly has been released from gaol, but the Government does not propose to give him any compensation. The production of all the papers in connection with the case will bo moved for in the House, and the matter is expected to occupy tho attention of membevs during the " social purity" de bate.-— "Evening News." Bismarck and the Doctor.— A good story is told of Prince Bismarck arid his favorite doctor. It was at Karlsbad where they first met. The Princp, feeling unwell, sent for Dr Sehweininger, who began to put all sorts of questions to him.- At last thp Prince lost his temper and exclaimed, "What on earth are ' you 'driving at, - doctor ?" Nothing disconcerted, the latter replied. " I am at your orders. Prince;; hut if you Jyish to be treated without being questioned, you had better send for the veterinary surgeon, who is accustomed to physic in that war." Bridges' Art-union. — Mr Wm. Bridges, of Bridges Art-union, was fined £5 5i, on Friday, at the Ballarat City Police- court, for holding a lottery in contravention of Clause 5 of Act No. 532, "Vic. 3D. Bitten by a Centipede.— The Badda- gianie correspondent of the "Benalla Standard" writes : — Last week at a sawmill in the neighborhood one of tbe men had a sting from a centipede, immediately after receiving which one of his mates sucked the bitten part and placed some turpentine on it. As a result of the "doctoring" thus administered, the man is now, I am glad to say, abie to resume work. Fatal Accident. — A fatal accident oc curred at Ararat on Saturday. A young man named George Cawsey was visiting his father-in-law, Mr F. Samson, chemist, and the two went out on a shooting ex cursion during the morniDg. They were met1 by a young man named Herbertson, and they walked across country in a line. The other two heard Cawsey ire three shots at short intervals, but on cooeying they could get no answer from him. On searching, they found him lying dead, with a shot wound in the left side. His gun was standing on the other side of a brush fence, with the muzzle pointing towards him. Death must have been instantaneous. The I body was at once brought to Ararat. The j deceased has loft a young wife end en el infant. J Tintaldra. A telegram from Tintaldra states Splendid rains fell on Sundav registering Hin. The total stock cro« mgs for October were 68 horses and 388 cattle The country is looking well, with abundance of grasa and water. The English in Paris. -The folio win 1 !(says the "St. James's Gazette" ,0f Septet ber 11) is an extract from a private letter just received from Paris :— "You ou„hJ to warn all your friends not to come to Paris at present. I witnessed a see yesterday which would have disgraced an Irish town during election time. An English lady, with her two daughters walking on the upper _ part of the Chamna Elys&s; near the Arcade Triomohe! Suddenly three, or four Parisian reuVha began ta call out, ' A bas .Ies assassin® Anglais . A has lAmbassade des aa. sassms 1 Vive Rochefort I' , ' La mort aux assassins d'Oliviar Pain !' "The three ladieswere regularly mobbed and hooted at. JThere were several respectable-look- mg Frenchmen, some of them what miaht be called gentlemen in appearance, but none of them lent a hand to rescue the poor women wno were evidently frightened to death. Two . armed police officers alas looked on, but did nothing towards helpine be victims of this outrage. The mob got larger and larger I. did my utmost, Sas did also two Englishmen who happened to be there ; but what were three against ao many ? It was with the greatest difficultv and only by promising a verv iar" present, that we got a cabman to admit uB into his vehicle and drove away. Three or four cabmen positively refused to take us. Pans is no place for any English person, and least of all. for English ladies to come to _ at /present. . Rochefort is evidently trying hard to get ut> a fra.w revolution, and hopes to be President of the Commune yet. The existing au- thonties, and particularly the police, are afraid of „he mob. What will be the end of it all goodness only knows. Boring for Water at Oxley,—1 The Dispatch is informed that boring for water was commenced on Mr A H Smith's farm, Mundara, 011 Friday after' noon, 30th ult., and continued on Saturday, In eight hours a depth of 32 feet was reached, or at the average rate of four feet per hour ; but of course this rate could not be kept up at great depth. It indicates, however, the rapidity with which search for water can be made in comparatively shallow ground, of say from 80 to 100 feet in depth, and a plentiful supply obtained where now all is dry and and. In our opiuion, the intelligence that boring ha3 commenced may be classed as the best news that has for some considerable time reached that portion of the North-Eastern district yin< about Wangaratta, Oxley and North Ovens; as, with the means at band of tapping the underground supplies of water that exist all over this district-, the future of the localities named are enhanced immensely. In trial borings, disappointments may be met with at first, owing to the peculiarities of subterranean formations ; but a little perseverance, until experience and a more intimate acquaintance with the run of the deposits of water-bearing drifts is gained, will place disappointments in boring for water amongst the exceptional cases. England and Rdssi.a. — The "Court Journal" says . that it seems as if we era going to have a few months' peace with Russia, and that some agreement or another has been come to with regard to tha frontier in dispute. But no one can see a lasting peace. In the meantime there will be a war finance. The one who can and will lay out the most money in making herself thoroughly strong for the coming struggle will win the day. This meam that England ought to do bo, for her purse is a larger, and a Fuller one also, than the . Russian's ; but niggardliness of spirit, 0 I want of wisdom in outlay, often reduces m J to a level with mueh humbler financial Powers. "We don't think tlmt we have anything of the kind to fear from tha present Government, who have shown the right spirit up to the present moment in all they have undertaken, and their ad versaries at the coming election will con sequently be severely handicapped. What is doing in Constantinople is a puzzle, and we wonld advise people, who cannot get « sovereign l'or a prize out of the pockets of newpaper proprietors who offer that means of making an income by solving riddles, not to attempt to solve this one. Diplomatists of experience shake their heads at it and " don't know, I'm snre," ahout it, as if they really insant what they said. ... 