A Western Landlord. A Story by Mary Hartwell Catherwood. Author of "CRAQUE OF DOOM," "OLD CAVERN DAYS," ETC, AND NUMEROUS SERIALS AND STORIES IN WIDE-Awake, Lippincott's Harpers', Etc. A young village doctor is a young village doctor, whether he carries a medicine case in the year 1885, or a pair of pill-bags in 1857. But all young doctors are not as large and white and full of vigorous blood as Brother- ton was. Instead of his usual pill bags, how- ever, he held a well-stuffed carpet-sack in his hand as the hack rumbled with him into Millport. The whole snowy country was steeped in moonlight, which threw back a cold, knlfe-like glitter from the ice over Sugar Creek. The shadow of a flour-mill fell over the hack as it jogged across the bridge, and no light appeared in the post-office where the mail bag ought to be delivered. It was after 10 o'clock. The vehicle stopped midway of the one long street, at once the county road and Millport's spinal column, and Brotherton alighted with his carpet-bag, exchanging a word with the hack driver. This half-asleep and weather-hardened be- ing then tramped ahead over frozen mud to the tavern which appeared to lie directly hugging the north pole, for such timber as inclosed Millport opened there upon bound- less white prairie. In those railroadless days Chicago seemed nearly as remote as China to the inland lllinoisan. Brotherton jumped a glazed mud levee and mounted that unpaved path used by the vil- lagers as a side walk. It led directly across a drug store porch, upon which he paused, rapping hard at the door. In time a light appeared through the window, showing candy jars and medicine bottles there dimly displayed behind the fretwork of frost, then a tardy hand unfastened the door, a man's voice growling all the time on the other side of it. Brotherton slipped into a druggy atmos- phere and shook hands with his red- headed, fat partner, who, acting as if tranced by sleep, refastened the door and took up a tin candle- stick covered with stalagmites of ancient tallow. "Left your folks well?" "Yes, quite well. You didn't expect me to-night, did you?" "Yes," yawned the partner, " I've ex- pected you every night. We never know when that hack will get in any more." "It broke into a slew this side of the Red Pump tavern," said Brotherton, "and I thought for a couple of hours we'd have to leave it there and ride the horses in," "You look like you'd been prying a hack out of a slew," observed the partner lowering his candlestick toward Brotherton's muddied and frozen trowsers. "Well, old Vesuvious is red hot." "Blessed be the devil that tends her fires," said Brotherton. "Now, Doc., now.," remonstrated the red headed man, using the Western abbreviation, which shears away a physician's dignity. He piloted a track betwixt clustering chairs, left just as the town loafers were wont to leave them when breaking up daily and nightly court, to a stove at the rear of the store. Though muddy heel marks and the stains of many mouths showed uncleansed upon its cylinder surface, it glowed like a red rose from within, and Brotherton threw off over- coat, hat and gloves upon a counter and aban- doned himself to its heat. In a secluded corner near the stove appeared the lounge-bed which his partner had just vacated. A simi- lar lair in the opposite corner invited the doctor's weary boots after a thirty- mile jolt across the sweep of prairie wind. "It argues well for our decency that we retain a little bit of it when we bunk about so like dogs, don't it Raish ?" he observed with a laugh, uslng a village diminutive for Horatio which Hamlet is all his musings never hit upon. "You're just baok from them flesh-pots of luxury the preacher talks about," responded the druggist. " You'd turn up your nose now on oysters cooked in the can and e't out of the white mortsr." "No, I wouldn't," declared Brotherton, promptly. "So if you've got some in the digging and want a single bite yourself, put on two cans to simmer." "Now, listen to that for extravagance," observed the partner, taking up the candle and going forward in the store. Then he knocked sawdust from a tin oblong, cut the top open with his pocketknife, and reached behind the ipecac jar for a bundle of crackers. The crackers he brought and spread open for Brotherton to munch at, while the can of oysters thawed and then began to leak and sputter upon the stove. "Pepper and salt and a hunk of butter right up there in the white mortar," he sug- gested. Brotherton himself lifted the white mortar down and blew a little dust off its rim. "Don't be so particular," urged Secrist. "I thought it might be tartar emetic," ex- plained tho dootor. " But you're too good a housekeeper to serve me that way, Secrist. Just as I come back, too." "Well, now, Doc., tell the truth," urged the fat man, stretching himself in a chair at the other aide of the stove and glimmering at his friend through half shut eyes. " When you oome back from civil-i-zation to a god- forsaken place like this, don't you think you're making a fool of yourself ?" "No, I don't," rejoined Brotherton. He was sitting on the oounter beside his garments, and his long, strong legs dangled well toward the floor. "This is experience. I like experience, and I don't like hanging by the eyelids. A man can be hardening himself here while he would collapse to nothing waiting for practice in a city. It is'nt such a god-forsaken plaoe, either." "A row down at Peg-leg's whisky shop every Saturday night. Mud and slush up to your eyes in winter. Ague all fall." "That suits me," said Brotherton. Secrist sneered on: "Preaching only once a month In the school-house at early candle-lighting." "There isn't a Christian in town that bears that privation better than you do," laughed the doctor. " O, I ain't saying the ruffianly gang in this neighborhood isn't good enough tor me," chuckled the druggist. " I'm only wondering how a fellow of your stamp can stand it." "What's happened now?" "Nothing," replied tbe druggist briefly, as he went to a front counter and got a piece of wrapping paper for the purpose of lifting the hot can. " Here; hold yoar bowl." "Won't you have some yourself, Raish? The old tumbler will hold them if you give it a steam bath first." " No, I'd rather have some sleep." "You're not going to bank down without telling me all the news ? " "No," said tbe fat man, slowly. "What news could we scare up, do you reckon, though, in the two weeks you've been gone?" "But you were gnashing about ruffianly mi1.: i'I .v iiuwn'i been any &v; l:;,rwi!n. H.r -iil'1! 7" Secrist uttered a negative grunt, sitting on the side of his couch. "I was only thinking of old Hiram Dixon," "No one has killed him?" " No, responded Secrist, with a dissatisfied snuffle. "I know it's your silent, ceaseless petition that somebody will kill him " chuckled the doctor, dipping up his oysters from the white mortar with a broken-handled pewter spoon. "Raishy, these are a comfort in adversity. You better have some." "Everybody says he killed a man once," continued Secrist, leaning forward and rest- ing his arms on his knees. Ruby Stirling's husband and him went north together, and Stirling never was seen alive afterwards." "Yes, I've heard you tell that story a dozen times," said Brotherton, applying himself to his soup with the zest of an hungry man. "But Ruby doesn't believe it. Stirling's body was found whole and untampered with at a hotel. Heart dlsease, congestion, a man's misuse of himself that fools don't know how to describe with a name. And if you men suspected Dixon why didn't you haul him up before the courts and investigate ?" "It was talked of," replied Secrist, despond- ently. "But he had his explanations ready. Old man Dixon is smart." "Ruby's well, is she ?" As Brothetton made this inqiiry he threw a quick side glance at his partner." "I thought I heard somebody knock," said the druggist, turning his head in his palms and listening. The fire whispered. Without-the-frosty wind swept over village and wood and Iost it- self in the vastness of the prairie. There was a sudden squeal and scampering in the wall behind Brotherton. " It's nothing but that old rat," said he. "You'll let that old rat live ta see his child- ren's children to the last generation, before you'll give him a button." " I wish somebody'd give me a button that'd make me sleep to-night," exclaimed drug- gist. "I ain't shut my eyes since dusk." " You were so drowsy you could hardly open the door," declared the dootor. "I was pretendin' to be easy oo you, tike/' explained nis partner, painfolly. " Jerome, there has something happened since yon went away." "What?" exclaimed Bretherton, feeling his temples expand with large beats. "It isn't about old Hiram Dixon–or Ruby?" "I intend to marry her, that's all," an- swered the doctor, antagonism coming to the front in his face. " Doc., Ruby's dead." "She isn't ! " exclaimed Brotherton, leap- ing up. "Doc., she's dead." Automatically Brotherton rubbed his finger through the rings which his soup bowl made upon the counter. Ruby's delicate aquiline face, flushed the color of a blush rose, filled his vision. He did not believe it was now clay white; that her innocent mouth was set in death. He did not upbraid bis partner for suppressing the news. There were no means by which Secrist could have reached him more quickly unless he had driven out to meet the hack. Secrist's voice, proceeding in recital, grew in volume upon his ear. "Blame old Hi Dixon's picture ! He would have put her in the ground twelve hoars after if it hadn't been for her Aunt Ruby Ann and the neighbors." Bremerton grated his nails against the wooden counter. "When did she die ?" "A Friday morning five days ago. I said you ought to of been here all along," pro- nounced Secrist impressively, gazing with commiseration at the pallid young man. "They say it was like this: She was playing with little Nate and tossing up a ball. When the ball went into the air she was alive and well, and when it touched the floor she was a dead woman. Doc, the color didn't go out of her ohecks and she stayed warm. They put her between feather beds, and all the other doctors in town tried their best to bring her to, but it wasn't no use. I don't believe they knew what it was." "She hasn't been––?" demanded Broth- erton quickly, coming forward and setting his foot on the pedestal of the stove. The boot leather smoked, and he watohed; it as if his hopes were exhaling in the smoke. "No, not yet. But old Hiram Dixon says he won't keep her any longer than early to- morrow forenoon. He say's he kept her longer now than anybody ever was kept in Millport." "He won't have a funeral while there's the slightest doubt." "No, he won't have any more funeral than he can help. He'll just pop her in the ground and be done with it. He's helping dig the grave to-night to save expense, and a nice easy job they have of it the way the ground's froze. The women say he got the cheapest coffin that could be bought," continued Secrist, dropping his facts like pebbles into Brother- ton's boiling mind. "Ruby's boy will come into his hands now. And by the time that boy is 21 years old, if Hiram Dixon hasn't the rest of Stirling's property besides what disappeared when Stirling died, then I ain't acquainted with Hiram Dixon. It's most all in land, and easy to trustee out of the hands of a minor heir. I'll go up with you, Doc." "No, you go to bed and sleep," replied the doctor, who having muffled himself, was changing medicines in his pill bags for others on the shelves. "I'll go up with you," said the fat man, bringing forth his own garments. "You'll have a tussle with old Hiram. If he's dug her grave and she isn't dead he'll bury her any- how," The wind blew out of the north like mobile I and invisible ice. Secrist tied his red woollen comforter in another knot under his chin. Before some houses lay a narrow, frosty board as causeway, and across this they walked singly to avoid the rough, frozen mud. A hut of logs, opening by a latch-string, and a weather-boarded domicile, with the door at the rear, were close neighbours. There were two or three brick houses of some pretensions, inclosed by palings, and a barred and silent general store, which in daylight divided patronage with one at the other end of the village. On rising ground stood the tavern; a halting place where the traveller might brace himself for the bleak ride northward. How many a cutting day had Brotherton taken to that narrow road in his jumper, his horse breasting an unstirred ocean of snow. Then, however, he carried cosy, warm thoughts within his wraps and furs, which kept him exhilarated. To-night the north road was the bleakest track he had ever seen. Wanderers on the prairie would be sure to perish; or, should they escape, what comfort could they find in to morrow, anyhow? Opposite the tavern, across a small ravine, and upon a hill stood the largest house in the town. A road curved around ft and crawled down into the dark woods. It was, however, the meanest looking bouse in the town, its size only emphasising its dilapidation. The hoar frost tried vainly to ornament with sil- ver plating certain ancient garments bulging through broken panes, the crazy ashe rattled, and Ioose, unplanted weather-boarding clapped responsively. Secrist and the doctor, waiting for admis- sion before steps on which they dare not stand both at once, heard the wind howling through this hollow mansion as if its vacant chambers were built only for that purpose. Brotherton's chief wish had been to take Ruby out of this place into a home of his own making. She was still so much a little girl that he never realized her widowhood on her maturity. Her child seemed a young brother whom he would adopt for love of her. It forever puzzled him that a creature like Ruby, naturally refined and alive to every thing beautiful, should be cast in her lot and bound to the people who held her. The heredity which gave darkeyed daughters with childish hands and feet and living souls to Mrs. Dixon's like could not be accounted for by medical science. Mrs. Dixon was tlill afoot and let the young men into her unfurnished hall. Naked stair-steps and gaunt bannisters, against which their shadows were thrown by the moon, seemed to welcome them as congenial ghosts. One discouraged candle burned in the square room where most of the living was done, and where dying was to be consuam- mated ; for there in the corner stood the marble-like oblong of sheets stretched over the tops of chairs, concealing what was held beneath them upon the cooling board. Near by, also upheld by two chairs, waited a black coffin, bulging near the head, but narrowing towards the foot. A strong shudder darted through the doctor at this sight, which must have been so common to him. Two other women were watching with Ruby. One of them, the landlady of tho tavern, came forward to meet her two boarders, and shook hands with the doctor. She was capable and portly, and talked in a hoarse whisper. Being the dead girl's Aunt Ruby Ann, she was there to command. Mrs. Dixon sat down in a remote corner with her sunbonnet over her eyes. She was a very thin creature, having calico garments which hung upon her. The contemporary world seldom caught her features on account of this immovable sunbonnet, and it was be- lieved she would die without having ever fully shown her face. She was not deaf, yet when she made one of her scant remarks she shouted it, and people shouted to her in re- turn. The major part of her time was evidently spent in meditation, and Having Hiram Dixon for her second husband was deemed a sufficient excuse for this. Aunt Ruby Ann put a splint-bottomed chair and the one rocker before a sooted and cave-like fireplace where some green sticks were weeping upon rusty fire-dogs. The doctor set his pill-bags and hat upon the splint-bottomed chair, and the landlady understanding him, took up the candle. During their conference her voice never rose above the hoarse whisper proper to the occasion "Did you git werd ?" she inquired. "Not until Secrist told me, after I got out of the hack." "I am glad you're on hand, for he's r'arin' around to bury her whether or no." She cast a look of contempt at her sister who could keep a husband in no better subjection than Hiram Dixon was kept. "I give her up, and then agin' I go and try ones more with feathers under her nose and a looking glass held to her month. I can mighty near see a dimness on the glass, and yet I ain't sure of that neither." Seeing that Brotherton did not lift the cor- ner of the sheet-sarcophagus, Aunt Ruby Ann raised it herself, exposing little Ruby by t he yellow tongue of the candle. Shrouds were just passing out of use then, so Ruby was clad in her best dress of thin, black silk, the sleeves flowing away from her elbows and leaving her arms protected by muslin under- sleeves. A broad collar of needlework was turned down well towards her shoulders and fastened at her throat by a mighty brown and white cameo pin. Her delicate face was not yet pinched or sunken, its unusual whiteneas seeming merely to deepen the darkness of her hair. The minute blue tracery of her eyelid veins and the network on her temples caught the gaze of one who studied her. A suggestion of colour like auroral light ap- peared upon hsr lips and cheeks. "She looks nat'ral, don't she, Doc?" whis- pered the landlady with emphatic hoarse- ness. "Yes," replied Brotherton, getting down upon his knees and applying his ear to her chest and heart. "She didn't say which nor t'other, but down she tumbled," shouted Mrs. Dixon from: her corner, turning the mouth of her sun- bonnet upward from a trance of meditation, and having discharged this oonversational ball she again lowered its muzzle. Brotherton and the landlady held a con- ference which ended in much trampling on the naked floor and some shifting of the mean furniture, at which his partner and the neighbour assisted. Mrs Dixon sat silent, and saw her daughter's body transferred to a table, with a pail of water beside it, and the doctor's morocco case of instruments glitter- ing beneath the feeble candle light. Secrist poked the fire and kept his face strictly chimneyward. At the table long pauses alternated with whispers and changes of position. Water occasionally dripped on the floor. Mrs. Dixon could behold Brotherton's haggard ex- pression, and the quick gesture with which the back of his hand rubbed moisture from his forehead. "Three doctors has give her up," she shouted, and again dropped her sunbonnet mouth, leaving the fact to hit its mark. There was a clock screwed to the wall, with pineapple shaped weights hanging by chalns. It had the piteous air of dragging its own viscera, and was altogether such an incom- plete clock as the master of such a house might desire; but its iron hands kept pace with time, and they indicated that Brother- ton had been experimenting more than an hour when the pat of naked feet became irregularly distinct on the naked stairs, and the sitting-room door was thrown open so wide as to bump against Mr. Dixon's knees. "What did you git up for, Nate?" whis- pered the landlady, meeting him and lifting him to sit on the curve of her arm. The child was in a linsey dress, under which scant drap- ing he cuddled his legs, whike he searched the group around the table with large, dark eyes and began to whimper. "Her and Nate was tossin' the ball together and singin' Lord Lovel," shouted Mrs. Dixon. She bent her sunbonnet head once more and sat motionless, as if waiting to be re- loaded. The landlady turned her face from the table and carried him around to the doctor. "How do you do, Nate ?" said Brotherton, taking one of his ague-tinted claws and kiss- ing it. "I want my maw, wept out Nste, putting up his trembling under-lip.' "Call her," said Brotherton, taking the child upon his own arm, "Maw, 0, maw! ", called Nate. "O, I'm afraid upstairs alone. Make her wake, Docker B'utterton !" The young man moved one of Ruby's arms. "If you can't rouse her, Nate, she's beyond the reach of love and despair. Call ber again." " Doc., Doc.,! " remonstrated the Iandlady, " If you set him to takin' on we never will git bim peacefied again." "And out of her bosom grew a red, red, rose, and out of his'n a grew a briar," shouted Mrs. Dixon. Her knees being again threatened by the opening door, she drew herself together as if collapsing. It was an old man who same in. He fixed the glare to blue goggles npoa the table. His iron grey hair met with ironrgrey beard upon his cheek-bones and formed a shaggy curtain reaching his shoulders. As if sun, raln and many seasons' wear had not done their worst for his ancient and ill-favoured clothing, he was freshly glazed with frozen mud stains, and his dark paws were yellowed by clay quite to the frayed coat sleeve. Shutting the door so that a responsive ehudder ran through the whole house, he demanded at once: "Who's a meddlin' with that corpse?" "The State of Illinois," replied Secrist from the fire place. "The State of Illinois can get out of my houee then," said the old man, wagging his hoary shag." I don't keep a medical college." "Hiram Dixon," sppke out the landlady, "ain't you willin' every means should be tried to see if life's left in Ruby?" " I am," said the druggist, "and I'm the constable." "You can't bury her to-morrow, Mr. Dlxon," said Brotherton. "I am not ready to pro- nounce her dead." I'll bury her to-morrow as sure as the sun rises," said old Hiram Dixon. "And I knowed you couldn't tell a dead woman from a live one. He came forward in his usual stooped and stiffened posture, and Nate, with one arm around the doctor's neck, watched him fear- fully. "I'll bury her to-morrow, and I'll fasten her up in her coffin now, to keep meddlers out, And I'll set on it the rest of the time, if no- thing else'll do." "Hiram Dixon, are you possessed? cried out Ruby's aunt. :Let him alone," said the doctor, hitening through his lips, " only see that she's moved decently." "Keep your dirty, clayey hands off, then," dictated the landlady, "and let Seekers and Doc. Smith's wife and me put her in." "They grew and they grew to the church steeple top, and there they couldn't get no higher," shouted Mrs. Dixon, aiming her quotation at the ceiling over the heads of her discordant inmates. Whatever emotion she felt at seeing her daughter's body placed in its lost receptacle was concealed within the muzzle of the sunbonnet and made no ex- plosive escape. "Now l hope you're satisfied," said Aunt Ruby Ann to the old man, beginning to weep and wring her nose between her thumb and one finger, when the last clrackling fold of Ruby's drapery was laid straight. "If they've all, even to Doc. Brotherton, give her up, I s'pose I'll have to." "I'll be satisfied when the screws is druv to place," replied Hiram Dixon, fitting the lid with such callous exactness that she felt herself impelled to add with biting censure: "I believe you'd like to have Nate in there, too." The old man looked up, and his spectacles in the dim light seemed to flame like wolf eyes. He was exasperated to a point beyond his endurance, and Nate's limsey dress was within easy reaoh, One of the boy's bare feet clenched a round of the chair which supported Ruby's head, as he lifted himself up to look down at her. "I'll put him in," said old Hiram, grabbing the boy, and instantly the shingles on the roof seemed rent by Nate's shriek to his mother. Some muffled sound mingled with the noise he made, and the doctor being first to reach him was the first to see Ruby's open eyes. He was holding her child under one of his arms and lifting her head with the other, when Mrs. Dixon fired off the conclusion of that doggeral ballad with which her mind has been so heavily charged by Ruby's last repe- tition of it: "And there they entwined in a true lover's knot for all true lovers to admire, 'mire, 'mire; for all true lovers to admire." Traditions of Ruby Stirling's trance still linger about Millport. You may yet hear how she tried to move, but could not; how Brotherton let Hiram Dixon do his worst in order to test the effect of a shock, and how he took her away after their marriage, keeping Hiram Dixon utterly remote from herself and her son thenceforward. A high school building to-day occupies the hill where the old house stood, and Ruby's unpleasant stepfather has lain for years frost- locked and grass-bound, in the outgrown grave-yard, his wife––presumably with her sunbonnet over her eyes–– beside him. The railroad and telephone connect Millport with all the world, and the town can hardly be- lieve such tales told of its early youth. 