The Two Babies. Tim night before Christmas we had great fun at our house tilling ghost stories. Mr. Travers told ajbout an awful ghost that used to live in an old house whoro ono of Mr. Travers' friends lived. It wus a tali, thin woman ghost, with her hair all dowu, and dressed in a white gown. She used to oomo into a room in tho middle of the night with a rope in her hand, and Bhe wouM look all around until sbo found a good place to hang hersolf, and thon she would put tho ropa round hor neok and hang iuat as if the was dead, and tho man that 'saw tier would faint away, and when ho woko up in the mornincr abo would bo cone. Ono night a young m-n, who was a book agent, and wasn't afraid of anything, slept in the haunted house. Well, in tho middle of the night tho gbo»t oomos in and l/wks aroimd for a nail to hang herself to. Tho young man' said, ' Good everting, ma'am. Going to hung yourself, I see. Lot mo help you.' So he helps tho ghost to put the rope around her neck ; but instead of hanging hor ho ties the rope to the bodpq^t so she oan't got away, and thon ho lighta a lamp and reads to her out of a book that ho teUa bur every respectable ghost ought to buy. Tho gtos* (tend it a while, and then sho bogged and impkiretl him to stop. So ho kindly and affection atufy pointed out to liia- that sho had no right to go and hang herself *1 othor psople'n houses, and that if sho'd promise never t» do it again Sp'd lot hor go, but if sho didn't he'd read tho whole book to hor, and it had mor'namillion pages. Well, tho ghoet promised, and the young: man let her.go, only lie kept tho ropo, aud nobody ever saw hor again. iMr.i Travera aaya he saw tho rope himself, whioh proves that the story is true. , i I went to bod protty lato that night, and woko up about 1'2 o'clock droamii g of ghosts.: I wasn't a lit frightened, though I was a littlo nervsuB, just as Sue is when sho thinks she hear* but^lara ; but I was afraid mother might bo frightened, so I thought I would go into her room and tell her it was all light, and uubody would hurt her. My littlest «*tar and the baby steop in: tho some room with motfi3r, and the inrt thing I saw waa Cifl bob/ hanging from tho heatl of my sister's bed. This almost frightened me, for I thought tlie baby hod got up in the night and committed suicide. 80 I called mother as loud us I could, and sho sat right up, holding anntliear baby in her arms. Thia mado mo sure tbut 4h« baby hanging to the bednost, n «.„n T T * ? frightened. Aiter a whilo I found that it was maSo of rubber, xriUi a loud squeak in it, and won meant for a Christmas present. Tho rubber buby ^ ae just about tho si*) of 1 real one, and X could hardly tell it from our real baby, onjr it made less noiso. Christmas moriuugwo nil hid our prosonts, and had a good time over them. My littlest sister would take bor baby to ehnroh with htc, only mother found it out, find hid it uudur ht r coat, whero it eqiteaked ovory timo mother kneeled down or stood up. Mr. 3J'irtin c&me; to dinner Christmas Day, und spent the evening with uh. He wus very good-Umnoiueod, and hronght mo a knife, and I fenr.lTO him everything. He wm very pleasant to raotfter, and said ho did so want te see the baby. Aftk* diuuer we all wttut into the poilow, whoro it was rather dork, fo* one «f the lampa didn't 'burn very #eR till it was tuned up. Mr. Martin dropped imto a big ohrar, and tat Tory qniot, thinking, as he said, only I believo ha was more tban half asleep. Mother had «ono upstairs to seo the baby, but presently khe earae down, mid said to Sue, ' Wbi;»e on earth ia tho baby f It jin't in the pnWorr. Suson ; 4o jrou know anything about it ?' Mr. Martin euid very politely, 'What's tlustf Baby missing? I'll find liiiu for you.' And with that. Mr. Martin gots «p and turns urouud, and gives a most droidful yell. Tlier;- vrw * b-aby Ivteff on tho chair just as ctiH uw if it .waa deid. Jar. Martin was sm-o tjiat somo body hud left, our baby in tbo choir, and that ho had sat on it aud smashed it, and of conrso he supposed lie would havo to be hung, and Htak father audaiotlier -would be offended with him. TQicn mother and Hue thoy shri-: kc:l us if a umujW wa * after them, and rushed to jiiok tlm baby uj-, and found that it was the rubber baby, imd that it wasn't hurt a bit, except 1 that the pflnaok was spoiled. Jus* then tlio aur'O brought th ? real baby in out of tlio kitchen, Otii everybody was happy again. That is, uvcrybody but Mr. Martin. Ho got very wigsy. .iiwt aatd ho know that it waa 0110 of tWt bo/ e' infamous trisks ; and ho took his hat and went homo ; hut I nover put tho rubber baby in the ohair, and I don't earowliat ho Hays.— ^JinKnio lirown'm 'Hater's Younfr ?olhu.' ? OJUT- iris rtii I'. 1 Only liia pHy 'W'li at I tbit iiiurtloroal I' Orks thtt'iinfforins Wolf, with an agonised febrrg. ? Wtho Liou ncoojitti uxplan&tionsolame; ; As ? It's only iiis play !' and oau't see Umtn'i gMBO,, . Qfbta roar imd iwrlike display, j V', , I Aiidialso ibikV- fiiu^'d Lion is also nt play.' — Flincli . i' ' 