novelist DAN LYONS' DOOM. By WAIF WANDEB. . OHAFIEB XVI. — (CoNTnroBD.) . . 'Does any one but yon know ol this place 7' he asked, Buspioioualy, as she held up the lamp for him to see around him. 'Only Ellon.' *' What is it for ? What do you have Booh a hiding-place for ?' 'Don't yon see?' she asked, 'wo dis covered it by acoident, and I have BometimeB nsed it to bring fools into blindfold to frighten them with visions— have you forgot that I am. a fortuneteller, and thewitch of Mount Boban, Dan LyonB?' - ? ' I have forgotten nothing,' he said sharply, ' but there is light here, or those ferns would | not grow— mind, -woman, how yon dareto deoeivo me.'.' ? I . 'I am not deceiving you,' and she drew i back a screen o! old bags as she said so, 'there I \- is the pan I burn my herbs and sulphur in, | and the skull that frightens gold out of fools' I pockets, and as for light you will Bee it up | , there among theslopea of the roof when the Bun is not bo low. And now I. will show you that I mean nothing unfair — follow me , Btffl.' . ; ?' She hobbled op a Bteep inoline that waB in a corner of the oave, ana then turning a oor . .. ? ner suddenly - there was - a dense eonen of living verdure before Dan LyonB. 7* If yon doubt me at any time, Dan,' she . . . ? said, ' you have only to part them branches, and you are tree on the udeot Mount 'Boban. ' ? And nowl must get back for fear Bome one -should get into the hat and look for me. I will bring you a bed and food and drink, and . no policeman oan. exer 'Bet an eye on yon '. .. here.' . . .. .' Stay, Kan I If I want you, how am I to call you?' :. ?' - \- 'Knock at the trap-door; I shall hear yon,' if not the first time, Barely at the \- second.' ... She put the lamp on a ledge of roek,. and lettthe murderer there alone, with the sand . under his feet 'and the ferns by his side, and , he lay down to sleep again as criminals so . often sleep, with the shadow of their terrible ,,??? dooin surrounding them closely. CHAPTER .XVII. ? IHB HTODEBEB'SDBEAH.' Ithadbeen a day of great ezoitement at Marranga, and over the township the round moon shone on a . generally-shared and great \-- . disappointment— Dan Lyons had not been arrested.: Every man who had tamed out to . searchfor thelost child had tried to hunt up the murderer, but the son had- set and the \- moon risen vainly so far ai'the arrest of that lated man. At the cottage,, oat in the garden, some \- v^here atanding,and seated on the edge of the \- erandahi ; were - several of the parties yon « ? hav* become interested in, I-hope, daring the relation of this story. : Mr. Pollard waa there, and Leonard Proaser with him. -..Little Danid was standing leaning against the wall of; the house at a little distance, and in a spot from whioh he oould watch his mother's move ments to and fro between kitchen and siok : chamber. - Tad? - was talking, to the boy and looking in Danid's lace with a sad pity, and; the boy had eonfided to the honest irishman more of his thoughts and feelings on the late : events than he would have told to even his ? mother. ? '... \- Tohiamother.doleay? Dan would not . have touted her with one idea now ; he had. lost all oosfidenoe in her, and lost.it for ever. It is a sad stata of affairs between a mother . and ohlld when the latter gsta old enough to \- reason and suspect the actions ot the author of his being; but it had eome to that with Ellen Griffiths and her son Daniel. The boy . waa getting on far thirteen years old, and he had sot reaohed that age: withoulr having heardmany sneers striking at Ellen, passing „ . ' - his disreputable old grandmother's lips. Now that haknewhiamother had , actually .visited that vile, mordant and seoared his .escape, Danid began to reeaU theea sneers and hints, and to shrink 'within himself at what ? .their meaning may have been. Dan did not teU Tady Connor anything of his snspioions ?gainst his mother, oat he. said enough to . make the Irishman so sorry for the lad aa to b«. anxious to sever him entirely from Marranga.- . ?? . -( . Eviit now and then ak they were speaking : the bqy would, Iook» toward, tha. door- of the .: room .whtre hiadead companion lay. Con-., stable Loader stood there silent 'and grim looking, for his dlaappointment was keen, and he hadyet to. impart hiawant of aaooes* to GhaiUa Ellis, who he knew , would not give i him good woxds for it . It wasn't his fault, ! . ?j- ? _ oertamly— hehad done alia manooald do ; ? bat in .all probability tha impossible would be eneotad front him. Loader had said a word or two ot thia to little Daniel, and the boy was determined that . if he oonld traoe Dan Lyons through ' his mother, be wonlitsllLoadsr first ot it, 'lor . Lqadn had beeu kind to him, and it seemed . iast to him, who had the trouble ofsearch all \- day,' that he should K^in the snaosss. il sue 5.'. oess there was, and Pan wa* thinking ol thi* even whUa Tuy waa tailing him how he and Mr.lieott^wangolngawayas soon asthe ?: claim ww workad out, and what a lovely Und Ireland waa. .. - Dan,' said a woman's voioe near tiia boy, ; v v . and be^tarted u he tarned quioUy to her, \ - - : . ; . : tor he knew it waa hia m6ther. ' dome here, I want to kpeak to you, my son.' :? Bllea.QrQlth wa*~4tandiog in the Shadow ot the verandah as she spoke, and iha. had a dark shawl folded around bv. ' Dan,' she said, ' if any one'; asks you for me, tell them I've gone np to do a message lor Miss Fanny.'.',; ?. 'To the larm, mother} Why it's miles away.' \\. I'm only going np to grandmother's, Dan, only I don't want any .one to know I'm on Mount Boban. I don't think any one will miseme ; but itthex,do, say I'mgoneon a mes sage. I won't be long, and.Horse Brown is with M^k St. Herriok?' . , / She was gone, and the bby stood where she had. left him. ' Gone to erandmother's t and then _it flashed Across the boy's memory like a gleam of lightning, that there were hiding plaoee on Mount Boban 1 . r Old Nan did not know that heir cave was no mystery to little Daniel; but I'shoidd like to know what place to olimb, or what rock or .tree, or cave could ever remain a mystery long to Australian Bush boyhood. One day, two years ago, Daniel had tracked a wombat into that cave, and explored the eor nere . where the bones and the skull and rub bish were, and he had once frightened the hag herself half out . of her senses with^a deep groan, just, as she was pretending to call up the devil with her pretended soroery. . Dan Lyons waa bidden on Mount Boban ) That waa_tho idea that .flashed upon him bo vividly. He stood still for a minute to think, and. then he went to the side ot the glum looking constable, and whispered to him— ' Mr. Loader, don't tell any one juat now ; but I think I know where Dan Lyons is.V . ' What I' almost yelled the constable in his surpriBO. ' Hush 1 I'm not sore yon know, but Iwant yon to come and see. Can yon without telling anyone?' 'What makes you think this, Daniel? Toa must tell me more' than that ; I oan't be going oS on another wild goose ohase juBt .when we are, expecting.Elh's baok.' V I am sorry yon .can't so, for l'm tun he's therel.' the boy said decidedly. 'I oan't tell yon how l know, but I do' know, and I .will ask Tady Connor to gb; with me.' ' Stop a ndnnte, Dan,' the policeman re turned, as he laid his hand on the boy's agn, ?Met 'me ask yon a question or two. If the villain., is where you think- conltr one -mn arrest him?' ' ' Dan Lyons is only one man and we, yon and I, womd.be two,' the boy. contemptuously replied. ' ' I am only twelve years old, but it I met Dan Lyons alone I am sore that God would help me to kill him.' 'Me boy,' Tady evdsoftly, ' do you think the'iittle girl that's;.]yin' cowld inside wonld like to hear you saying 'that you would make a murderer ot yerielf.' . ' . 'No, she wouldn't, and I didn't mean that, bnt I'd die myself to eeeDan Lyons punished for killing her.' , ' I will go with yon, in the name of God, wherever you go, -Daniel, and if . these fingers of mine can help to twist a knot round the villain's throat they'll be strong, I know.' ' It was Loader who spoke, ana Tady Connor looked wonderingly at him. ' Where. does the boy want you to go ? ' Tadyasked. 'To take Lyons; he thinks he knows where heis. v Come on then, my boy, we will have, a look at this cave ofjyour's.' \- 'Daniel I ?' cried Tady, in a hoarse, low voice,' ' don't - go l .. don't go;, as drag ging a man to the gallows is no work tor a tender-hearted boy like yoa;' ' I'm not tender- hearted.*, : I hate ' Dan Lyons. ? Didn't the ? ' and he pointed toward the room where Beaignation lay so still, ' she nsed to call me her mend, and I would go np Mount Boban the darkest winter night that ever tell to, see the handcuffs on her mur-. derer'e wrists. If yon do not oome I will go myself.' . ; . ' There is a fate in it,' morniered the Irish man. 'We oan't let the ohild go hinuelf; let as both go with him at alT events.'? . . . It might have been, nearly eleven o'olook when little Daniel, leading his companions by a ciranitous way, so as to avoid any chanoe o! meeting his mother, climbed up the wooded sides el Mount Boban. The moon was on their backs as they climbed, and when they crossed a patch of grass on which .'no trees grew, their shadows fell ahort and. strangely distorted on the hill before them. ' Dry oasse. that rook a little to the left?' the boy asked, as they paosed on one ot these grassy i spots, over which hung the -great branches ot a yellow box, ' the caves is just behind it, and if yon look among the trees farther on you will see the light in granny's window. , Now you can wait here untu I come baok and tell yoo if he is then.' ; 'It he Bees you, my poor boy, then mightn't be time tor you to? ory onti' Tady said anxiously. 'Let ns all go together.' . ' No, wis' would make .too muoh ' noise. There is, no fear for .me, I wont let him see me until yoa are then.' ' 'The boy is right, let him go,' was Loader's dkision, ' These yohng 1 native born ohapa are like native oats in the bash then is no tear ot him ooming to hum.!' ' Daniel Iknew every rod of the way he had yet to go, most of his young life having been spent abont Nan Griffith's hut. '. He had treed *possoma on handreds . of old trees np: Mount Boban, knew the warm hannts ot the snakes, by the, sonny rooks, and had friends with' many a pretty lizard as it crawled, from warm, : mossy nooks on ths fallen logs. . And not always alone— even as his heart.- beat wildly with hia eager, exdtement and hope ot being the one to- bring Dan Lyons to his doom, the boy's eyes filled as he nmembend Beaignation as hiB dear lost companion in many an expedition in search ot wild flowers on the skirts of old Mount Boban; Light of foot, the boy quiokly readied a rock, from which .he had bat to' stop 'and crawl ' through: the bushes that screened - the ' opening ; from the cave whioh Nan Griffiths' had pointed out to the horited man. He paosed then, aqd drew back, for: he heard somis eonnds ' that - wen not of the leaves or the breeae,' of the steeping birds, or the gentle 'poseom. - Then was a sharp rdstla of j branches that were parted' by two fierce hands, andthe boy was faoe to faoe with Dan Lyons, . only a thin screen ol leave* between them; ? In- the -pale moonlight the man's awful faoe gleamed with an onearthly whiteness, yet the shadows onder the overhanging.ey'e-' brows seemed duk aa an even starless mid night. The thin lips were dosed tightly, and then was something so terrible in the ayes that looked oot ,ana down the moantalo to the valley beneath- that little ' Danid ahad dered and shrank from it. Dan Lyona had no hat on. The marks ot the' tonson wen still visible on his head,- bat long thin lodes straggled' on his .temples; and wen blown across rhis sunken cheek by the damp n{ght .bnese. He looked op to^the^ stars and the moon; down to the 'township, aoroes to the, eemetery, and to : Murder Gaily, and ho mot tend a curse as his erss rested on the last. 'He has kept hu .word - .so far, damn him 1 ?' ha groaiied oat between his denahed teeth, ' ana now it ii not the brat's faoe I see but his I' ~ ? \- With these words he let the branches rastle into their plaeea and disappeared, leaving the boy to, crawl hack as he liad oome to tell, his oompanions ot his socoses. ' i 'I oould almost have touohsd' him,'' be. said; with sach triamph, 'but it will be - fsr safer to get him In.theoave, and I can show tha Way!' ; ' Tsfl us something about the inside , ot that fiave,' the oaotious polioeman said, and , Danid did : hii baat to dMcriba the inolined : pith inside, and tbe sadden turn ^ behind the ? HMn ol bxuihtfc' 1 'What-are ow ptani?' Loader uksd, lllii lIPl mm 'turning to Tady Connor. 11 Can I eoont on you, Connor? ' \- ' You can so,' the little Irishman replied, ' but don't let the lad in it at aU.' I'll be in it, in' spite of yoa,' was Danid's firm declaration; ' you can't go without me, and 111 hold the wretch while Mr. Loader pats the irons on his wrists.' 'There's a fate in it ! ' Tady groaned, re peating himiMlf, ' so go on, and I will be at your heels.'. . When the murderer re-entered the cave, after looking through the screen ol basheis down on the bur sweet world beneath him, he dosed himself with poison again, and flung his gaunt form upon thorough bed Nan had sup plied him with. The bed, such as it was, lay on the floor of the oave— it the wretched man stretched out a hand on . either side of him it lay npbn' the cool sajud ; with dther he could have gathered the pale green ferns that flung their, delioate fronds almost to his pale face. .But he did .not feel the Band, or pluck the ferns^— he slept and dreamed. ? \- The murdenr's last dream I Oh, meniful heavens, that such a thing can be! ? That a being on whose soul lies the curse of him that .Bheddeth blood ehonld dream ot happy faces, and the innocent laughter of ohildren I That he should fed the breath of the sweet aea on his faoe, and tbe touoh of loving lips on his oheek! That he should -teel oaressing wo man's arms around him, and the perfume of the roses on her, bosom in , his nostrils, and awake— oh I . pity of it— awake, to ted the felon's irons on his wrists 1 , . ~ Dan Lyons dreamed: that he was a boy again on the green mountains of his Irish home. He heard the whisper of the waters of the river near whioh he was born, and tiie rustle of the sedges upon its banks. It seemed to him that he heard his' mother oallhim by the name ' Dan 1 ' and that somehow or other the notes of a lark , away up in the blue sky were mingled with and drowned his mother's voioe. i Anon he was in a great ship on a wide sea;' and he saw the white crests of the blue' waves breaking and rolling down the watem like, sheets, of white fire onder the silvery moon. Then was . music and dandng and kind Words ; there were girls' bright* eyes and girls' sweet smiles. It seemed to the miserable man that he was sailing on a never-ending sea of happiness, and that there was no such thing aa sorrow in the wide world around him. ' Audthen he tossed his arms in his deep - and grated his set teeth,' as he mumbled, awful, broken' wordB. Great gnarled trees seemed to be stretching their crooked ; limbs all round him, leaving no hope for his escape. Trees without a single leaf on them, and bo ; pallid and dead that they seemed like ser pents, slowly and hopelesaly entwining him. He struck at them with his hands and cursed them with his lips, and he awoke dirieking out to find faoes bending'over him that wen not the faoes of 'his dream, and when he struggled to rise he found he oould ho longer toaoh the sand, for then waa ated on his wristsl ? : Even then the poor boy Daniel flang him self on~ the man, and held br. tried- to hold down his struggling limbs. 'Tie him I tie him. down or he will, get away l Tie him I tie him I ' ' Danid's face was scarlet with a great pasdon ; the fury of an awful excitement burned in his eyes, and aa Tady dragged, him from the helpless man he shrieked aU the louder; ' Tie him; down I tie the murderer dowh:t'- ? ? Tie the. murderer down! That-wf ul ory was heard by two women ap above in Nan. Griffiths' hat. One of the women was Daniel's mother, and as she recognised he; son's voice, and -knew that Das Lyons was taken, she fell forward- on'her faoe at her mother's feet. : 'It waa as'neat a job as ever I saw done I ' .Constable Iiosder exclaimed ; 'and how. Dan Lyons will yon go quietly with ns, or must we drag yoa down the hill like a bundle ot finwood?'' 'Let me empty that bottle,' was the hoarse reply, ' ana then you can take me to hell it yoa like.' 'OHAPTEB XVIII. . THBBB ABB IWSLVB OF OS.' - The night waved slowly ^on, and Mr. -Pol- lard, Leonard and Dr. Syme . hovered yet. around the; front of.theoottage waiting tor the long delayed arrival ot Charlie EUis. They had/ missed .both Loader and Tady Connor, and ; did not know what to make ot it, and the doctor had just been in to see the siok woman, and was idling, the friends aboat her state. -. 'She lies in a' most peouliar state,' he ex plained, 'and asToannot honestly I say I understand the oase, I have sent to Bowden'a for Dr.:Crowther. Half the time she sleeps and then only ehe seems oonsoious, dreaming doobtlesa of what ^she talks of, sometimes loadlv and 'sometiinea ia' a painful matter. Her , aasband'e . death, ner daughter's name with terms of endearment, inatrnetions. to' Ellen Griffith abont household affairs, all proceed - from her ' lips, when adeep, but through all and above all is the' name-of Dan Lyons and her unforgiving hate of him.' - ' : -. '? And when'ahe is awake ? ' ' Mr. Pollard asked,-.'. -, : ' When she is awake she lies as one dead, save that her eye's wandsr. round aa in a rest less search . for something, die knows not what poor thing.' .. . 'Here isEllia on Mt, 'said Leonard,' and . he is ooming quickly. . Bless my heart, how tired and npset you look, Charlie.' - ^ ; I am both,'1 the young trooper replied;' .' but I have no;time to tell yoa muoh until ;I see Loader ;'. when ia he ?'. . : 'We don't know, he has been gone from this a oouple of hoon ,or more, and Tady Connor, it would seem, with him.' . 'No due yet of tho man:?'.' ' 'Dan Lyons ?No; Loader -and several of. our fellows have been in everyjposdble direo tion all day— the man haa disappeared as suddenly as it he hadlgone down in the , earth.' ? 'The shafts? Have theybeenaearehed?' : 'Over and over again. Si. Herriok'a wa*: deserted when Loader went straight to it after ooming ,baok trom Bandarraok. No, Dan Lyon* is not baptan^ yet.' . 'Thank God I V. Mandated . the, yonng trooper,. aa:he took off hi* hat to ^wipe the dost and perspiration from hi* faoe. : 'That the' morderar lanot taken t ? We an all laipriied to bear yoo aay that,'! Mr. Pol lard said,' end yoamoathave strong reason* indeed, for I know that one gnat: objeot with you, sinoe youwen itationed at Marranga,' waa to, find aome traoe ot poor Colond i St. Herriok'a murderer, and - bring him to justtoe.' ( I j '.'At thi* time. yesterday, no gnater prise in my profusion, . it I may oaUit *o,: eoald have been oftend ma than the captore ol Dan teto m not !! Ui«. nplabt yoorielt 1' I 'I ^ returning to^ay from Yaw bena6k, .wberf I had been to ace Father 0 Tar nl about- Conn. Bradr1* statement: and had ataost naoked MaixaDg^ when I waToTtt tOea by the priest himself, who had ridden, after me ia oonieqaenoe ol iome he had gdned that was of the greatest oonse qaenee to me. I need not toUyon word for word. what .be (aid, the whole ol the matter being oompriaed in tbe fast that Ike Lyman'* American party haVe sworn tolynoh Dan Lyo^s, «van it tbqr had to drag Um oat ot Marranga look-op to do it I' . - ; r \ Pauiu a moment to permit ot 'abort ot I moused exclamation* bom hi* listeners, ' Ohadlewenl ra again. -? You know aoch a thing would be ruin to: me, and- it would leave less blame on my shoulders if Ike Lyman had to take Dan Lyons himself beforn he falls into onr hands' at all, for take him he w&l;, living or dead. Ike was never known to'go baok on his word for good or evil. I. did all I oould. I turned baok and rode to Bowden's for the man who is stationed then;'! ' And brought him with you?' ' . 'Yes, he is at my station-' now; but. what would our three be againBt Ike Lyman and his American's?' ' Yoa know that many of ub would stand by you Charlie,' Leonard said, aa he laid his band^affeotionately on the young trooper's 'You would be willing to do bo I know my dear fdlow, but all of ub wonld be as feathers in the way of . these twelve determined men. Isaw them once oh the war path, and I don't want to see them again, though. they only bnrned down a shanty at Byder's— a shanty that deserved it too, for it had .beoome the haunt of all sorts of immorality and- rowdy ism.',. / . ! ' This looks' very like our lost party dom ing down the road,', observed Mr 'Pollard, 'and they're tanning— something, is wrong Charlie.' ,. \- Then was no time to say mon ere Loader, Tady, and little Daniel were upon them. The constable was pale with exoitement, . and bo tired with his exertions that he oofild hardly Sain breath to speak to Charlie. It was the oy who oried in triumph. ?S Dan Lyona is arreaied.' - ! ' Speak it out Loader,' Charlie Ellis urged, ?'though I guess what it is.' ' We took Dan Lyons up on Mount Boban, and I had no sooner lodged him in the look up, that Ike Lyman's vigilance party- Bur- rounded the station.' : ' Didn't I tell you ? ' Ellis aeked of Leonard with the calmness of despair. ' Go on Loader.' . . ' Smith from Bowden's waa then— he told me why you had gone for him,, and Ike Lyman- sent me for you, EUia. He wants to' talk to you for a minute he says.' ' ? ' They have taken possession of tiie station ? ' questioned Mr Pollard. ' Yes, and are armed op to the teeth. A finer looking body of ohaps you never sst eyes on,' and they'll lynch Dan Lyons as sure as I see that moon.' ! 'We muat do our best to save him' yoiug Ellis said, ' who is with me in this ? ' i 'All of ns, ot course. I am a magistrate — I lmve a right to reason with these men against wrongdoing,' 'Do you call lynohing Dsin Lyons wrong-' domg 1 ' dried young Danid. '? A murderer, a murderer like him 1T' i 'Daniel; my boy, don't let your young voioe be heard in such a serious matter as. this,' Mr Pollard said to' the lad. ' It is time for yoa to be in bed.' . ?? It I had been in bed Dan Lyons would not have been in the look-up,' the boy sulkily nturned.' It was me that showed Loader when he was. hiding, and I hoped to take him I' Danid ahswend with pride. 'Isthat a fact? ' Constable Loader was asked. 'An undoubted one, sir— we should never have dreamed of searching for the man when the boy guided us.' ~ .' . Mr. Pollard looked sadly at the puzzled lad, but the importance and necessity of im mediate' aotion about-Ike Lyman's bold : step put poor Daniel's affair in the baok-ground — . only Tady murinurod for the third time that day. ; 'There's a fate^in it. God hdp the boy, there's a fate in it.' ' . ' I, at least, have no ohoioe,' Charlie, said, as he turned toward the police station. 'It is my doty to try and save this villain from any punishment that is not meted out to him by the law of whioh I am a sworn servant, and I will do it if it is at the risk of my life.' : ' They will surdy not prooeed to extremi '.ties in the faoe ot a Justioe oj thePeaoe,' Mr. Pollard said. 'Go. on, EUis, we are with you.' . -They went on in eilenoe, a band of sixmen, with tne boy creeping after them, annotioed for the moment save by Tady, who dropped, back to Danid's side and vainly whispered an advioe to ntnm. . . , . : ' They oan't prevent me,' Daniel said dog gedly, ' and I'll see Dan Lyons hung in spite of them. Mp. Pollard thinkB it dreadful that a boy like me should be glad to Bee a man 'die. '. . Does he forget that Dan Lyon killed ;Besignation's father and then Besignationher self? I ehould like to, see him torn in pieces by wild horses.' : ' My poor boy, my poor boy,' the sympa thetio Irishman irhispered.'and with his arm over Danid's shoulder Tady followed the little band before them, f i When they readhed-the station the moon, now high on the left hand of the road, shone down, on a peculiar scene, considering the time of night and the plaoe. Twelve horses wen tied to the fehoe and either side of, the polioe gate, six at one.side and six at another. Lithe men.tall and dark looking, and with a thin onpe stretched across their faces, stood grimly awaiting the^arrival of the policemen,' while distinctly 'thrown out in dark relief against the white walla of the lock-up wen four other men on guard, and dnssed as were the others, aimply'm dark belted pants, grey shirts, and dark tdt hats. A« Charlie EUis advanced in front of this party his quiok eyes glanoed from Ike Ly man's unooveredfaca totherevolversin every bdt around him, ', , ' Yoo have done a very neat job, Ike Ly man,' Charlie said, ' taken posseasion of the polioe eamp and a prisoner of the Crown, to say nothing of turning a policeman out ot the oampin the middle ot the night.' ' - i ' We have not turned the poor fellow oat,' . Ike replied with a'grim smile; ' ' we only sent for; yoa,:for, . on - the ; contrary, we are veryj anxious to have all the oonstables in the sta tion to-mght.'. ' .When i* Smith, from Bowden's 7 ' Charlie atked. : 'The policeman you went fdr', EUis? Oh, ha ia on gaard over tbe priioner in the lock op.' . A low.laogh ripplsd from one man to J the other otthe grim oand. . '! My friend*, this is no laughing matter/' rtproved. Mr. PoUard, a* he itepped toward Ike Inmah : , ^ yoa an .oommltting a grave, breaob ot thf law. My name is PoUard; I am a magi*trate, and I would .urge you to go home peaoefollr, and leave thi* unhappy man . to be aealt with by the Britiih laws he has defied and outraged.' .- ??-You know, our object ben, then, Mr. Pollard r \- 'I have beard, with horror, that yon have threatened ' to what is 'oalled ' lynoh' the wntohed: being who has been arnsted lor murder,- and is now in that look-up,' Mr. Pollard replied. v ! 'You have heard the- truth ; tuoh is onr intentioa. Now, sir, will you tdl me it you believe^ thii Dan Lyon*..to- be an innooent K^Pd bdp him, nol There ean be no doubt ol his guilt. He ha* not denied it to Iiotdtt InMi ? h'No; he hu boasted *f it. He buried, Colond St. Hsrriok alive twdva yean-ago oat ot revenge lor a just act of the Colonels,- years previoua -to that. Now he ha* oome baok I again in the guile ol a priest, and has killed ! Colond'Bt. tterrick'8: innocent ohild in the moet oold-blooddd, end manner. Don't yoa think Dan Lyon* deserves death ? * ' ' Ye*, bat not by your hands.' « You think he deserves it at ths hand* of tba lawt: Well, *ir, I am glad you agne witb w; wa aro going to put lynoh law in force on .Marranga, and . Judge Lynch has sentenoed Dan Lyons to die within / the hour.' ? ' Try to realize that it wiU.be'. Lyman Law if_you d° this deed,' oried Mr. Pollard. 'You an the leader of this lawlsss party, Ike Lyman, and the blood of this man will be at your door.' ' If it did I 'should know it to be a mark on. the right side of the Big Ledger for me'; but you are mistaken, eir, we 'an one. and aU in this. I am only Ike Lyman ot the Amerioan' Vigilance Committee, and then are twdve of us, aU told. Is this true, mates ?' ' Thbbb ibb twelve of V8 1' was the wply from' every throat, echoed by the men on guard at the look-up ; and it wa's eohoed also by the desperate being inside, who heard every word that was spoken, -and knew that W doom was sealed. . 'You hear,' questioned Ike again, 'then are twelve of us, good men and true, who are willing to shan aU the sin of taking a villain's life, believing it to be a praiseworthy and just deed.' \- ' But there iB no necessity for you to have this wretches' blood on your hands,' pleaded the pitying J.P. ; '! he is now in the hands of the law, and his doom is as certain as if yoa take his life.' ? . 'Is-it., Your law is a queer, institution, my good friend. Let me see just what would be likely to happen in this feUow's case. There will be an inqaest era that, innocent creature who Ues dnder th« same' roof with her dying mother, and Dan Lyons would be committed for trial.' From look-up to court house, from court-house to gaol— remand; postponement, loss of months. In aU these there would be a hundred opportunities of e8oape by bribery, by sympathy, even by death — we vrUl trust1 none of it, our decision is made.' 'Will you let me beg for time and meroy for thiB wretahed, guilty men ?' asked Leonard Pros8er, eagerly. - . _ 'I wonder if you could find words, Mr., Prosaer, for I'know- you have a sister at' home about the age of this cruelly murdered girl.' 'For the love' of God don't murder Dan Lyons this way,' cried poor Tady. : 'You speak feelingly my good man;. do you beg his life because he wears a priest's ooat Tady Connor, I- know all about your feeling for him. You knew of this villain's blood- guiltindas before any one did, and you would have hid it and let hum go free. Stand baok, my man, the night is going, and our work is before us to do.!' _' Not while I stand here to do mt/ duty 1' cried EUis. 'There are only two of us, for it is not our friend's duty to die in defenoe of our prisoner. It is mine, however, and you will pass over my body to remove Dan Lyons from our custody.' ' Perhaps bo, my; good man, but it wiU, please God, be a Uving- body,' Ike cooUy resjjonded, as he wrenohed CharUe's ready revolver from his hand. How it happened the witnesses woulU have. been puzzled: to describe, for in a moment, , as it were, Con stables EUis and Loader wen being marohed off to their own lock-up under the. guard' of a detaobment ot Ike's men. There; is no -harm intended you,' Ike himself, deolared ;' ' not a hair 'of , yoar head ahall be harmed, only we wiU have our man, ;and we wiU see that no blame can possibly attaoh to yoa for what we do this night. Bring.out the prisoner.' He was marohed out- between two men, his white faoe showing ghastly in the moonlight, his wild eyes staring in terrible fear npon the faoes of those around him. While the door, of the look-up was open, Charlie Elli/ and Loader were pushed inside, . and the heavy ironed door alangod upon them. . You an better outof.it,' the Lymans said, ' and we. wiU release (you the moment all is over.' , ' ? ; . Out of the gate Dan Lyons was marohed, with the grip of a strong man on each arm.' His- handcuffs wen unlocked with a key taken from one of the constables, and his wrists -fastened ' behind him with cords, but' not until tbe long blaok coat had been taken from his back; as Ike oried 'angrily : ' Tear : it' off him 1 We musn't let juiy man's religion be mookec^or despised by the touch of a rope I' . And Dan LyonB had said., as yet no word; If he could have told he might have .aaid that the terrible worm, ' There aro twelve of ub,' were repeating themselves over and over, in his brain As he looked hopelessly around him. What could he do faoe to faoe with twelve men? ? . ' * And what could the: others do? 'Some' words the doctor and Mr. PoUard 'again urged, but they were tak»n no heed of, ; and every man, save those in charge of the pri soner, soon Btood ready to moant by his horse's side. ' Bring him here,' Ike oommanded again ; 'he rides on my horse to-night, and Ike Ly-. man wili hold ius bridle.' As Dan Lyons was passing to his plaoe voioeless, he saw the boy Daniel orouohing against tiie fenoe, for the reaUty.of the awful soene had at last told upon him, and he tdt how terrible a thing it was to die. It was.a cruel murderer, no doubt, .but it was awful awful to be dragged out in the night to die, God knew how, at the hands of these sUent men ^ whose faces were hidden I- Even at that last moment he remembered that even gentle Besignatioa would have ' pitied' him, though he had kiUed her, and before he thought more he was at Ike's Bide, pulling him by the; arm, and almost shrieking in his agony of remorse — .? . 'You have no right 1 Let him go, let him go 1 ' '.. . ;? ' Too late my lad,' sneered Dan; Lyon*, with a fiendish' glare'at the boy. ' ' You have, dona your work wdl. Stop men/ 1 must speak to this youngster, and some ot you' know ' I have the ri^it,'- ? ' ; , / ' Lyons,' it you never dld one . good deed hold your tongue now/! 'oried Mr. Pollard, with' uplifted hand ; '. span the boy for the sakeof that meroy you. so'aordy heed your i .' He has spared me,' was the bitter 'reply, . aa his eyes met Danid's, with a hate that hannted him' for, yean ; !? he ' tradked his own mother's footsteps to lay the polioe on me, and -he may now. live, oarse him,- with the knowledge that he hunted hi* own father to 'death.' ; The poor lad shrank baok as though he -had received a blow, and would have ^fallen- it Tady's arms had notoaught him. His Upe grew white, and .he trembled as he shrieked out, '.'It ia a lie I ' but Dan Lyons withered him yet with those .burning eyes ashe re plied— . ' It is no lie, yoo cub ; ask Mr. Pollard— he I know*; ask your- mother— ahe know*; and may the ourse— ' he .waa gagged before another word ooald pass his lips,' and in a moment twdve men rode down the road with ' the murderer in their midst. 1 Danid's whole frame collapsed,- and his weight lay in Tady'* arms as he whiipend faintly— K i -1 hope I am dying. Hi* aonl Ob, mother, mother, a marderer'* son 1 I .« Don't : believe . him, - Daniel - dear,'! ' Tady Connor shouted bravely ; he'* . no father ot youn. Don't I know ?-, Wasn't I here long hefon'you wor born? Ask Mr. Pollua then; and whisper now,, ran 'I didn't like to say itbelon, but it'a-your father! am meatll, asthore l You won t : be ashamed ot poor Tady Connor for a father,. wiU you? and.wa'll go home to Ireland,: when you wUl never h*ar ot that sooundrd , Dan Zgron* again s'aand then now, ho'i better,' thi honMttellowsaid, m Danid .turned his faoe to'the.fenoe and .burst into. tear*! r ? ' U yoooan carry him away in that beUet, Tady, you win have donea good aotion, ana 5»ved a yoang life. To such ; a boy a* that, the knowledge that his father had been hang for suoh terrible marden would have' rained him.'! -. . _ .' Oh, I'U swear him into believin' it, and if I never take a worse oath, the Lord. wiU for give me for it, I know. . Come on home wid me, Danid, alanna.' . , And so away into the 'chadow of the dis tance the murderer and his guards passed, from ths sight of the horrified' watchen into the shadows of the distanoe, when oonld be traded in the moonlight the dark entranoe to Murder Gully. ' They an going to hang him on the spot that witnessed hi* deed* of blood,' whispered Mr. PoUard in an awestrioken voioe. \- ' And then is jUBtioe in it,' added the doc tor, emphatioaUy. : Yes, they: an going to exeoute the man on the claim in whioh he had buried one victim, alive, and within sight of the spot when he had hidden another. The wntohed murderer knew that;' aa soon as he saw the direction they were taking hiih in; but ifhe had not been gagged he oould have spoken no word. .. : For the tsioea of the dead wen around him, and the voices ol tbe dead were in his ears. He saw. Colond St. Herriok as he had seen him last, and he heard his word* aa he had heard them then — : ' If yon leave me here to die, as you eee my faoe now, youwiUsee.it at this hour every night nntU you die yourself, and your own death will be worse than mine— aye, a hun dred times.' ! That waa what the murdered man had said to him-— aye, what he;waa saying to Mm note, with his white face within a yard ot his own I And they had oome true, every word I Colonel St.' Herriok had been- hia. companion every . night for. twelve long years, and now he was then befon him to see him die I - \- ?? And I'm glad of it I' he ahooted; aa-they btood him on hia feet and -took the gag from his mouth. ?? Hang me, and get it over I No hdl can be worse than life surrounded by devils I' . .- . . i ' Man, try to realise the awfal importance of: this moment,' Ike. .Lyman said sternly.. ' By your owh confessions yon an' guilty of the foulest bloodshed— ask your God for meroy . now, whUe it is not yet too late.' ' 'Meroy to me means Oblivion, I have asked it, of Him so long in vain that -1 will not try now.- Do your wont.' ;' . 'A.be, give us a prayer,' Ike said again,, and his brother lifted np his voioe in a power ful appeal, to the great First Cause for meroy on this doomed man; It was' a soene to be recalled; and that was recalled by many of the participatore for yean after. Twdve men with bowed bare heads and a pinioned one standing upright in their midst. The eteep aides of. the gully mottled with moonlit patches and blaok shadows. The olaima with ? their piled- op stuff and silent windlasses. The leafless -frees, on No. 1, and. onder one seared, gaont, outstntched limb a coil of rope tying on the ground. A solemn pause after Abe Lyman's prayer had arisen to heaven, and again his mother spoke. ' ' DahLyone, won't you say one prayer for : yourself?' . . '. , .' Not one,' returned the monster; askAim to pray for me,' Md , he pointed to the imaginary form ot Colond St. Herriok. , 'Then I oan only Bay for you, may the Lord have meroy on 'yonr soul! Mates -we an one' in this matter? it there . is one 1 doubt that we do a just deed let it be spoken,' and the answer was — ' There are twelve of as 1 ' j Before the echoes of the words had oeased to ring around ainong tha rocks of Murder Gully the noose was around , the doomed man's neok, tightened, and'beoomea power -that drew him up among the dead' limbs of the horrified trees upon which no leaves had 'grown for twdve, yean. , In one droadful moment he saw the blue, deep starry sky above whioh was the. dwdling . plaoe ot: his offended God, the .spot when he had laid the' , bloody form of the murdered. ohUd, and the faoe of Colond St. Hehrick befon his eyes to. the lastl Oh what a terrible death to fade I : Among those men who - stood'- gaping - in eUence. at., that; figure . suspended ,;a . dark,, straggling form between them and the pare sky, was there not mon than one who wished that the. deed' had not been done . though then tsere twdve of them. CHAPTBB XK. . }?' up.uspy- '. ? ' The aeend haa obanged and the time. It Is two yean sinee Dan Lyons had met his doom at Marranga, and .from, the window; i befon whioh Leonard Prosseris seated there : is ontspnad broad .CarUngford Bay,, and the. '.green dopes ot the County Down, -Leonard's faoe is bat little changed— his oalm and thoughtful natan is hot one that leaves many traoea ; on - a handsome , taoe, an^- Tady : Connor's wrinkled, qneer visage is from cither oauaea setting defianoe to: the ravage* .el time. - ' : On the morning . I nintroddoe these two of 'my eharaoten to yoa -Tady , is standing on |the opposite side of his master's :table, and I they are talking over Bundry affaire of the [management of the Prosser estate that an in : Connor's, charge. Suddenly Leonard ehanged the subjeot. ' . . ' Daniel'a hoUdaya- are nearly over iare ! they not Tady?' . , ... ; 'Yes sir/ time'* up a Monday next. We iwar thinkin' of axing you for an extension 'Mr. : Leonard1 ; tiin't so long 1 sinoe ye war glad of a^ holiday yersslf,' Tady added; with a i twinkle in his eyes fixed on hi* loiter brother'* oountenanae; - Leonard smikd. 'You have tuna n- gretted fathering, the lad Tady?' he aaked; ;- | 'Bagretted t Son 'yoo'n not axin' In' jearnest Mr. Leonard, for -well you knotr l inever did. Eveiytima - that boy -oall* me: :? Father ' me heart jump* op in me- mouth, ;bnt truth to teU air I .don't tnink he believes I ,am that, thou(^i tie nev«rs** *o. Any word ;from Australia sinoelb. Leonard?' ^ ? 'I had'.a' latter thi* morning from Mr; PoUard— I wa* just going to teU you.' , ' No word of the mother, dr?1' : ' Tale or tiding'Of aither Nan Griffiths or her daughter have never been heard ol sinoe. Do youuiink Danid trets about her ?' - 'He think* ol her ;rm ion, Mr. Leonard, :but fretting I dont know.- You see that bad; n«*s ol her trying to save Dan Lyons he has never got over. But ha wiU get over it, plaae ?God. I never saw anything like the way me 'mother haa takeA to him; and; indeed, be -to iher. declare l believe (he sometime* lanciw he i* her rale grandion.' - , ' Whan an you going to give her a ' rale ' one, Dan.' \- 'Nevar, dr,- with the hdp ol God.' - ???'?- ? ' Now that Nora Brady i* within a oounty ol you—' , 'Mr. Leouard,' Tady interrapted. with such an expression ot pained reproof on hi*, honest phis that Leonard hastaned to appease him. 'You an right; Tady; l.;onaht; to be ashamed of, myself, and ot ooureel wa* only ' joking. Bat ersryone does not koow that tbe : girl is sister, to a murderer.and il iittq be , hoped that acme dsoint man may yat make her a wife. - 'I hear that botb Qonn and .the mother ihave bsoomeTerydevnuL'.'.Tady said. . . : . ?! I am glad to. hear it. . Oharlla EUis and MIn Clarke an married, Tady.' 'An they ilr, Ob, by gob, ha oould wall afford it. - We did weU in them three months' work j though the Lord knows it was like mur- « der to me to eome op out of tho shaft and see that rope hanging then ever and always — I ' wontherif any one takit down yet?' ' I don't know, Tady ; itwas a hard olimb and nq one liked to touoh it. Well, Charlie ' haa naigned, at all events, and they are* mar ried. Mr. Pollard says that th'e guUy is de serted once more, ahd that he feels sad for 1 a week after he visits the oemetery .'- \- ' Indeed, and no wonther. Oh 1 it was the sad sight the day of Mrs. St. Herriok'a . and Bedgnation'e funeral? 'There they wor . in one grave, you may say aU three murthered by that cruel villain .' ' : ?? And Dan Lyons within a stone's throw ot them.' , ?? Outside the fenoe though, sir ; not in con secrated 'ground, anyway.' : ' Oh no, of course not, Tady.' ; ' Did you hear exactly ^ jfhere the Bradys are, Mr. Leonard 7' ? . ? .' Near Armagh; It seems that they came ' home by the first ship alter Conn's ,moat un expected recovery. It was a lesson to him, u-d I am glad he ia 'a changed man.' , ' Then was room for it, Mr. Leonard.' ; ' Then is room tor improvement in every . one of ns, Tady; And. now wiU you go and teU Danid that I'm on for a morning's fish ing if he likes to come with me; and we wiU talk over that question of the- extended holi days.'^ ' ^ \ ? . . ' Oh, ' they're -aa; good as' granted;: Mr. Leonard ; Danid will be eo glad to go ' with you.' 'A minute more, Tady. ' I would not say - anything to the boy about the news from Australia ; it might onsettle him.' : ' Of course not, sir.' - ' . ' . 'And then's one other item; of news in Mr. Pollard's letter. It's quite in your line too, Tady, for you believe in ghosts, I know.' - 'Dan; Lyons has appeared 1'. exclaimed ' Tady, making sauoere ot his round eyes, i Something like it. , Several have deolared that they; have seen him hanging in the Gully where the Americans left him. It is always an' moonlight nights, ol course; and ' jthe dead man swings ronnd his rope, show ing his white faoe at aU parts of the compass. Now, yon know, Mr. PoUard doesn't vouch for the truth ot this, Tady, nor does he be lieve in it.' : 'There'a plenty of men as wise aB Mr, PoUard, though I've nothin' to say agin' the gintieman, that ' believes' in the like,' said Tady, aa he opened the door for his own exit, . ' an' why wouldn't they ? Doesn't it stand to raison that part of a lost sowl's punishment may be to.see his sufferin's an' his sins over again on earth ?' THK BHD#;, 