I ABOVE THE SPEAKER. I Bv Tivioiii! es " Iiiiiotlioiis played on High " Ministers will not complain of the fortnight's dab it on the address, though they may object to the length of some of the speeches They would wish as many members, as possible to deck are their sentiments about all things, for in this way they were run the date of the House As it is, they must have learned a good deal from the dis- cussion For instance, the Elector of Bill will not ben success upon the lines which have been talked of, and might very well be made lied, and the inhuman treaty is by no means so Life is the sanguine have supposed the discussion could not be at once resigned, because of a natural and yet unexpected incident 'The contingent had returned from Sydney in rude health and both crops spirits and had to make some sort of a dt monstiation to signalise their arrival. If they had met Mr. Graves in the corridor, they would certainly have asked him to make a buck, unit would have gone leap-frog over it As it was, they escorted him into the house in triumph, until sented rum between them, and for one who takes life easily, the member for Delatite did look really happy A breach of amity seemed possible at one time, for the decimation Mr Graves thought it necessary to make a little later on, that he had not gone to Sydney, but had been faithful to his duty in Melbourne, is a reflection upon the members who took a part in the Soudan festivities But Mr Bent hit upon an explanation. As member for Brighton he should have been in the House, as mayor of Brighton, and also as president of the shire of Moorabbin, his duty was to welcome the heroes. The members the better part- would have re mained with Mr Graves, We the mayor-the worse half-had to go with Mr. Gaunson In Puffs play we have the parent ex- claiming, " -The father softens, but the governor talked " "Ayr remarks Dungle, that antithesis of persons is a most established figure " And the distinction explains a great deal. Mr. Bent's frankness will sometimes be of a pleasant and manly type, and anon it will deserve the Bismarckian adjective brutal " One day men will say, "Bent is not a bad fellow, and the next they will muster words amongst which "bear" will be distinctly audible There are two Bents because there are two natures Sometimes we have the proper member, and then comes in, alas I the improper mayor. Now we have the ox Munster, and then, Machado I every thing is spoilt by a strong dash of Moorabbin It so happened that nobody had done anything particularly wrong during the absence of the contingent, but there is one unfailing research in such cases, and to keep their hands in, neglected boisterous division had a fling at the press Each undertook with force and feeling to teach good manners. Mr. Gaunson, who has been reflecting recently upon Sir George Verdon as the " fag end of a ban be improved," and as "old Moneybags," says that what disgusts line with the newspapers is their personality. Mr. Bent considers that the re- ii fault in journalism is brutality. And Mr (Graves warns the community that the press is sly. The fourth estate ought to pay attention to these hints, recognising that on the points selected for animadversion each gentleman is an expert Mr Service's reply to the speaker during the debate produced a shower of compli- ments when it came at last "The best thing he has done yet," " There is life in the old horse yet," and remarks of that sort were freely made. Perhaps the boldest and happiest portion of the speech was the ie reading of the New Guinea despatches, which Mr. Harper had given to the House with a considerable degree of success Everything in these cases depends upon the selection of the sentences, and upon the emphasis given to them. Mr. Harper treated passages as counsel do love letters, dwelling naturally upon Isolated points, Mr. Service supplied omissions, and put the emphasis properly. In the school-boy lesson, " Caisui entered on his head " varies materially from "Caesar entered; on his head, his helmet," and to Mr. Sorvice^çptnpletely transformed the Harper selections from the famous New Guinea blue hook. And when the Premier showed that Lord Derby had adopted the protest Mr. Uni por most complained about, and had based his negotiations with Prince Bismarck upon this terse telegram, the cheers were general. The Government seem quite satisfied from conversations andover times since the Premier's speech, that if there is to be any defection in the corner it is not now. But if Mr. Service had a well-earned glow of pleasure the one evening, he had a twinge of pain the next Not during all the s for my days of the reform struggle was he so put out as he was by the averment that he had conspired, while in England, to ruin the O'Loghlen loan, and by the refusal of Mr. Bent to withdraw the charge, though admitting that his only ev l dence was an innate consciousness that Mr. Service was "behind the scenes doing mischief." The Premier's interjection " it is a he, for which he handsomely apologised as wrung from him by a keen sense of the calumny, called attention to him sharply, and it was noted that he looked as if he had been taken suddenly and severely ill. If Mr. Bent desired to deeply wound his old friend and former leader he would go home feeling that he had succeeded admirably. The local brawler element was strong with the hon. member on that Thursday evening. The short title of his address would-be Moorabbin mud " For a thorough style, one with no shilly- shally about it, Mr Woods is still without a rival. His address this time was devoted to railway charges and to the iron pipes issue In the one instance he is on the unpopular and in the other on the popular side, and he is equally emphatic in each It contents some people to say that it railway charges | are lower than our own in California, probably the conditions differ To the astonish- ment of the returned travellers Mr. Woods undertakes to prove that the California changes are the higher of the two with regard to manufactures, most pro- tectionists are satisfied with arguing that this colony can produce good articles enough and that the question is one of price and opportunity Mr Woods undertakes to demonstrate that outside of Victoria honest manufacturer is impossible English gunboats are " shoddy , ' 1 English pipes are frauds and English fails me notorious Indiana He gives the reasons, and he names the instances And still an imbecile world goes on patronising English manufactures I " What should we do in time of war was about a pipe Manu factory v asked Mr Woods triumphantly. No one asked what the pipe factory in such a situation would do for pu now 'The member for Stawell has before now claimed credit for, as he Buys, going the whole hog " His satisfied smile as he resumed his seat might be interpreted, " I think that is the entire animal " When Mr. Graves is really greatly when he has a grievance Where was the member for Delatite last week One morn I niKsetl lain on the customary lull Aluiu tim health until near his favourite tree ' In a melancholy causing, such as a recollection of the elegy naturally promotes, Timotheus mentioned that the front Opposition bench was vacant, stated that two of the members had gone to Sydney, and iiMicdif Mr Graves had accompanied them Here the hon. gentleman does not the un- studied and artless utterance of a gnet, not the desire for a reunion, but, alas ' a nefarious attempt to ruin him in the electoral district which he has the honour to represent ' "Timotheus," he says, saw me in the car rides " So great a muster of casuistry as the hon. gentleman must recognise, however, that this statement is inexact He should put it "I saw Timotheus in the corridor. ' The lunatic who visits London may properly aver, " I saw the Queen," but it does not follow that the Queen saw the rustic. It makes an immense difference whether a man has to say " I saw the tiger in the hush' of the tiger Saw me in the bush " To the harper in the cell Roderick Dhu was clearly visible, for he was anxiously regarding the chief, but of Hodench we are told that his eye was sternly fixed on vacancy Sir Henry law lor was invited to meet Garibaldi, but he really did not see the hero, because as he explains, he was struck by a pretty girl in the room, and was composing verses to her the whole of the evening as to the great local issue, Mr Graves will be well aware that the evidence in case. in which is missing man put ports to put in in appeal case upon the Beeile requires to be critic lily examined and carefully weighed before it conclusion is moved of. 1 specially is caution necessary when the nun testifies to his own presence The defence then pm takes of the nature of an alibi, and Blackstone lay down that while an effort is conclusive of i prisoners innocence verno plea is more commonly used by tin vtiUnrlo can send their guilt when Jim the law is justly suspicious The le idle- literary case is that of Sntft (poet and pamphleteer) i Val mites' (almanac maker and astrologer) Swift having predicted the death of Partridge, published an account of his decease to date Partridge responded with medical eel wife and that he had not even had an illness Swift replied with a measure of the liner 1, and on assertion that the stars never lie 1 Public opinion rein mind in suspense with disastrous consequences to Partridge, inasmuch as his friends were shy about recognising what might be a walking corpse and no one dared ask it possible ghost to dinner Milligan i Uf is also in point Here a husband returned to his native village and endeavoured to upset the decision of a coroner's court that he had been found drowned It was held to be indecent and improper that one man should obstinately pit his opinion against jurymen and the seven witnesses who had identified the corpse Also ad rem is the curious case of Fergus M'Kenne aee&cothth; Aiimloti f vol II, page 106 where it appears under the irrelevant heading of " A W iso Mother Here the Scotch family, who had put on mourning" in the belief that a son had been drowned at sea refused to take it oil upon the mere in receipt of a letter from the young man, because, as the mother Bind ' Johnnie was always a lying laddie In the present instance the testimony is singularly conflicting, and nothing remains but 'or mutual friends to point out some honourable compromise some acceptable modus month An opening is to be found in Mr Graves' own words Carefully examined it is to be noted that they do not amount to an averment that he was in his place on the front Opposition benches he was attend- ing to the business of his constituents He was seen in the corridor ' No doubt it was so He could attend to the correspondence in the Opposition room He would proct ed down the corridor to take his seat in the House, and looking in, and noting that his colleagues were absent, his heart would fail him, and he would remain outside the chain ber, or would sink into some lonely corner, there to nurse his sorrow in silence The love of twins is great (until the one borrows money of the others, and it is difficult to realise the affection of political triplets -so long as they are triplets The chief ruler, the president of the revels, the governor of the Opposition and the Ministry, Mr Speaker, what of him? At first it looked as if the House was in for a bad week the way hon. members who tried to explain their questions were cut short, was described by one of them as a caution " W oil had the boding tremblers learned to trace the days disaster in the morning lace As all were meek and submissive, ready to kiss the rod the Chair, charmed and content with having asserted its authority, became affable and telling Members did more than smile " Tult noll they laughed with counterfeited glee, At all his jokes and many a joke had he When the Speaker personally thanked Mr Bent for coming to terms, and with drawing his amendment on condition that no more speeches were made the reports speak of "laughter and cheers.' His decision that the newspaper article complained of might pass for a breach of privilege be cause it referred to a dissolution and no one has to hear of a dissolution less than I do," occasioned laughter louder still Mr Mirams could not resist the suavity of the Chair He was ready to make mince meat of ' my hon colleague, and he rose accord night He moved the adjournment of the House " to consider the speech of Mr. Langridge the previous week, and on discovering that the procedure was wrong, was about to amend his hand, when the Speaker, with a sigh, remarked, how trout a pity it would be to see a member always be orderly and so careful to obey rules, now set a precedent of evasion " 1 battered and Dissembled 1" Mr Mirams might have retorted, but he did not He was mollified at once, and consented to reserve his Langridge's sar cases for the first legitimate oppor unity In the meantime, he performs the feat of "looking daggers" at his complacent competitor, and now and then in (bringing in an ironical ha, hall when the Minister of Customs has to make some official explanation, or reference is made to the Tasmanian treaty " Did you ever see anything like its inquiries Mr Langridge, innocently as he composes himself to profitable and peaceful meditation After the week a experience, the use of the velvet pass by the Speaker may be pronounced an Immense success But then hon members know of and obtained glimpses of the terrible claws behind it Thursday was a disappointment to the House Members assembled in numbers, expecting a ripping up of the Richardson Carnegie affair, but Mr Richardson, instead of coming to town to clear up the mystery, elected to stop away until Tuesday It remains, then, to be seen whether Mr Gaunson will kindly permit a public trial , but if he stands out good may come of his decision. The similar action of a certain Irish member in England on an important occasion was fatal to the old practice of allowing any one member to clear the gal Tories Mr Biggar was voted a treat me ounce, here we have a Biggar 