Mews and Notes. The steamship Parthia sails for Sydney to-day with 310 domestic servants. Mn. Cracknel!, Superintendent of Tele graphs, expects to arrive in Sydney by the end of the year. The directors of the Scottish Widows' Fund propose to invest their funds to a largo extent in Australian securities. The Hon. Geoffrey Sugar filed his I schedule on Monday; liabilities, £11,518, assets, £4940. Mb. Sala is visiting the Hot Lakes district in New Zealand. He will reach Sydney in about a fortnight, and proceed at once to Tasmania. The vital statistics show that last year there wore four casoB in which triplets were born, and 288 cases in which twins were born. The Times Company, wool brokers, of London, have suspended payment. The liabilities are set down at £200,000, and the assets trifling. Theke are rumours on the Stook Ex-1 change of a new Victorian loan shortly to be floated. The sum stated is from £4,000,000 to £8,000,000. The number of illegitimate children born and registered in New South Wales during laBt year, was 1492. The total number for the past ten years is 11,085. The question of brokerage continues to bo discussed by the fire insurance com panies, some of which are withdrawing from the recent agreement. Theke is said to be very little differ ence between a man who sees a ghost and one who swallows a bad oyster, as far as looks are concerned. The harvest has commenced in many of the northern areaB of South Australia,, the average yield being estimated at four bushels per hour. It is asserted that the Nepean water, when it enters the new works, is so hard as to be almost brackish. This results from the low state of tho rivers supply ing it. The apple orop in Central Cumberland this year will be tho heaviest for the past twenty years. Already the trees have to bo proppod to prevent the limbs from broakiug. The height of the Sydney Post-office tower from the street level, or where letters are posted, lo the tower top is 250 feet, with an addition of 23 feet of flag staff. Tnrc widow of the late Constable Hird, j who was murdered at Canterbury three months ago, in now afflicted by the donth of her oldest sou, a fine lad of lo years of age. Tun polling'at the general election in England begun on Tuesday. Monbi-b Henry Richard, Chiia. Jmncs, Knbert Fer guson, and tlio Right Hon. C. Yilliors were returnod unopposed. The now member for Monnrn, Mr. Harold Stephen, on Tuesday night made one of the best speeches delivered on the Opposition side of the Assembly in the present debate. An important will caee came under the notice of Mr. Justice Molesworth, in Melbourne, on Tuesday. The childron of Rev. Geo. Hurst dispute their father's •will. The property amounts to over £100,000. Captain Hunter, of the barque Coun tess of Derby, was fined at Newcastle ou Tuesday for having five tame rabbits 011 board his vessel. The socond trial of Mr. Joseph Sytnea, the freethought lecturer, for conducting ■a disorderly Sunday entertainment in the Hall of Science, Melbourne, "was to have taken place on Monday but was postponed owing to defendant's illness. Tiie Sydney papers solemnly announce that the mail steamer, Iviiser-i-Hind, which reached Melbourne on Tuesday, brings twenty of Lord Carrington's ser vants. In* an article on Life Assurance Asso ciations, the Economist states that Eng land presents a favourable field for the business carried on by Australian Mutual Provident and kindred colonial societies. Two old colonists, Mr. J. ]i. Were, Consul for Portugal and other countries, and Mr. B.. Goldsbrough. the well-known woolsalesman, are lying dangerously ill at Melbourne, Little hopes are held out of their recovery. THROAT-cutting appeared to be the most popular form of suicide in the colany last year, the number of suicides by that means being 30; by poison 15, by drown ing 11, and by hanging 18. Best strych nine at Bega Dispensary. One of the leading shipping firms at Shanghai has entered into arrangements for the establishment of a line of Bteamers to ply between Shanghai and Melbourne. The firm in question has given orders for the construction of four large steamships at Greenock for the proposed service, and the vessels are now being built. By the steamship Australia, from San Francisco, the trustees of the National Park received several varieties of the American oyster. The collection was carefully packed in boxes, and every one of the oysters reached Sydney alivo. 1 They have been planted out in reserved' beds. Majoh Kitchener says that the me morable siege of Khartoum lasted 317 days, and it is not too much to say that such a noble resistance was due to the in domitable resolution and resource of one Englishman. Never was a garrison so nearly rescued, novel' was a commander so sincerely lamented. The P. and O. Company's R.M.S. Car thage left Colombo on Friday, 20th in stant for Australian ports. Lord Car rington, the newly appointed Governor of New South Wales, Lady Carrington, family, and suite, are passengers by her. The Carthage is due at Albany on Decem ber 1, and should "each Sydney about the 10th of December. Factory.—The Kiuma Reporter says that the official opening of the Albion Park Dairy Factory, 011 Wednesday, 21st iustaut, was a great success. Five hun dred and thirty gallons of milk were oporated upon, and everything went «>fi without a hitch. The first shipment of sixteen casks of butter, from the factory fetched eighteen pence per pound in Syd ney, or threepence per pound above the ordinary market top price. A Rum Accident.—A lad named Lont heitd. 14 years of age, had a miraculous escape last Friday from being killed at Araluen. He was sitting ou an empty rum cask at Costello's Hotel, and placed a lighted match in the bung hole of the cask; an explosion followed. The lad was thrown to the roof of the verandah, a distance of about six feet, and again fell on the burning cask, from which ho was quickly rescued, and strange to say, is not seriously injured.—News. At Newcastle, on Tuesday, Captatn Hunter, of the barque Countess of Derby, was prosecuted under the Rabbit Nui sance Act, 1883, for having five rabbits aboard that vessel. Defendant pleaded guilty, and said the rabbits wore pets of his wife. Mr. Mayor, P.M., said defend ant was liable to a penalty of £100, but taking the circumstances into consider ation he would inflict the light penalty of 20s. with 27s. 6d. costs. Most •volunteer corps in the country districts, by which purely volunteer oorps are meant, have been organised by offi cials in banks, employees in stores, and other persons who hardly belong to the local population proper. They have served more or less in metropolitan corps them selves, and are familiar with their work ing. Unfortunately in many caseB they have been removed from the districts, and as during their residence they have been the mainstay of the movement, their departure has led to an utter decay of local intorest, as their places could not be locally filled up. The cavalry service has far more attractions. Mount a young country native on a horso aud you can do a great deal with him, but be is quite another sort of porson to deal with on foot. Aa. far as the experience of the Cape of Good Hope is concerned, the mounted infantry iB a combination of cavalry and infantry, which has been found to be of incalculable service. Father Collingbiboe and Dr. Jefferie have had a small passage at arms. The priest accuses the pastor of speaking " slightingly" of the nuns, and the Doctor repudiates having done so ; his letter of reply concludes thus:—" I am sorr^ that the good father and I should be at issue. We have had pleasant conversations to ■ gethor upon religious topics (I trust with mutual respect) in the clerical carriage of the funeral train—the only place, alas ! left ub, in these days of division, for ex pressing to one another the unity of faith, which ie stronger than that of creed, or of organisation, or oven of ' baptism.' "— "Upon this a Telegraph writer oomments : —"The clerioal carriage of the funeral toain ! We can see the merry twinkle in Dr. JeSeris's eye when he decided to let the Christian publio into the secret of his mutually-respecting but almost clandes tine intercourse with Father Collingridge. The writer of this paragraph was once admitted to the clerical carriage of a funeral train. The clergy present were evidently not strangers to each other, and occupied the journey to Haslem's Creek with a very lively discussion upon the merits of a Continental wine, upon which subject, it is fair to say, the representa tives of tho two great historical churobes were far more learned than the ' Dissen ters.' Dr. JeSeris and Father Collin gridge, howevor, do not miss the precious opportunity, but retire to a quiet oorner of the carriage and express to one another the unity oi the faith." HOLLOWAY'S OlNTMFRT AM) Pitts are the best, the cheapest, jind the most popular remedies. At all seasons and utuler all circumstances they may be used with safety mid with the certainty of doins; good. Eruptions rashes, and all descriptions of skin diseases, sores, ulcerations, and burns=, are presently benefited mid ultimately cured by these he:dins, soothing, and purifying medi caments. Tii<; Ointment rubbed upon the abdomen checks all tendency to irritation of the bowels, and averts dysentery and other disorders of the intestines. Pimples, blotches, inflam mations of the skin, muscular pains, neuralgic affections, and enlarged glands can be effectively overcome by using Holloway's remedies according to the " instruct ma " accompanying each packet. Bea.le v. St.TCLA.iR.—In the Metro politan District Court, on Tuesday, Ocfcavius Charles Beale, trading as Beale and Company,of 371a Pitt-street, sought to recover from G. H. Sinclair, residing at Palace-street, Petersham, the sum of £15 8s. 9d, for rent due, with interest, on the hire of a Haps burg piano. The defence filed was to the effect that the alleged agreement in connection with the piano was made by defendant through fi-aud on the part of the plaintiff, aud that within a rea sonable time utter the defendant had notice of the fraud, and before receiving any benefit under the agreement, he abandoned and repudiated it. After hearing the evidence on both sides, his Honor gave a verdict for plaintiff for £15 8s. 9d., the amount claimed. |This is anothpr case of "suffering."] In the Supreme Court oa Monday betore the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Fauoett, and Mr. Justice Innes, an action Naylor (Inspector of Nuisance for Borough of Petersham) v. Slattery, was a special case to test the validity of a municipal by-law prohibiting burials iu any ceiuetry within 100 yards of any street, &c.; The Hon. T. M. Slattery had been convicted, and fined for a hreach of this by-law, and the Court this morning upheld the conviction, being of opinion that they were bound by the. decisions of tbe Court iu ex parte Flack in 1880, and Brooks v. Selwyn in 1882 ; at the name time both Mr. Justice Faucett and Sir G. limes were of opinion that the by-law was unreas onable-, inasmuch as it bad tbe effect of closing the Petersham Cp.metvy alto gether. The Court suggested that the proper remedy was an appeal to the Legislature. " No Funds."—In a case recently heard in Scotland in which an action was brought to recover damages against an agent of the Royal Park ot Scotland for having returned a cheque with the words " no funds " affixed, tbe plain tiff cliiimed that on previous occasions he had been allowedito overdraw his ac count. The court dccided that the re fusal of n bank agent to cash a cheque when there are not sufficient funds occasions no wrong to the drawer of the cheque, unless a distinct agreement lias made on the part of the bunk that cheques to the amount in question will be paid. In tbe case referred to no distinct agremant was alleg-'d, and even if, as the plaintiff avowed, he was occasionally allowed by the defendant to overdraw his account with the bank, this established no right on his part to obtain payment of cheques when tbere were no funds to meet them. Mr. Harold Stephen's " Anf.c dote."—Mr. Harold Stephen, before concluding his speech in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday evening,-said lie had an " anecdote " to tell the House, which he thought would satisfatorily account for the course bo took in oppo sition to the Government. He ex plained that some years ago, when ho was engaged as corresponding clerk in the L;<n<ls Department, a case came urder his notice iu which Mrs. Mary Silk, who had made an application for a <".onditiouaUy-uuproved purchase, aud paid her deposit on 40a., asked that a should be made, because she could not put her improvents (tbe bulk of which was fencing) on the land. This survey whs made 13 months afterwards, when a report was made that no improve ments were on the land and that there fore the deposit should be forfeited. This recommendation struck him (Mr. Stephen) as t>eing so hard upon the poor woman that bo ventured to write underneath this recommendation (which was endorsed by the Minister) auother recommendation to the effect that the case should be reconsidered. The Minister (Mr. Parnell) wrote back, re gretting that it was not in his power to alter the decision as the Act was imperative on the poiul, aud that was followed up by a snubbing from the Under-Secretary for his (Mr. Stephen's audacity in interfering after the Mini ster had decided the matter. It hap pened, however, that some time after wards, he received, in his clerical capa city, a paper relating to an exactly similar case, in which a squatter in a northern constituency was interested. That paper bore none of tbe usual official minutes, but bore a direction in the handwriting of the Under-Sec retary, to tbe eSect that the Minister directed that this application should be granted ;.and on tbe side of the paper, in the writing of the present Under-Secretary, was the statement that this was done at the instance of Mr. Abbott. Yet this wsb the man who, now that he had got into the position of Minister for Lands, set him self up as the purifier-general of tbe ojuntry. Mr. Stephen went on to Bay that when the proper time came he would give the name of the squatter, and in the meantime be challenged the production of this paper. He was not sure that it would be forthcoming, be cause it was aa extremely awkward document, and it might be that it had beeu destroyed before now. He had known case in which papers had been taken out of the Records Office to the Minister's room, and had never come back—generally thoy had been eaten by the i*its. (Laughter.)—Telegraph. 