SPORTING ROTES. THE TURF. THE V.E.C. STEEPLECHASE MEETING. (TROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday, 18 th JNLR. The Grand National Hurdle and Steeplechases run with other events to-day under the auspices of the "V.R.C. drew a large number of visitors to Flemington. The weather, which for the two previous days had been fiue, changed on Friday night, uud this morning was ushered in by a light but steady rain, which lasted until about ten o'cloet. At first it was thought the races would have to be postponed, but fortunately the quantity of rain had not been sufficient to make the course dangerous. Hurdle races and steeplechases always take well with, the public, and the Grand National events are looked forward to by some people with as much interest as the Cup. The sport to-day was of a first-class description, tho fields wero good, and tho finishes in oneortwoiustauccsexcitiug. There were several spills, and some of the jockeys were injured, but not to any serious ea tent. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Loch, and suite were present, and appeared to take great interest in the proceedings. As usual with Mr. Byron Moore everything was in good order, and the raccs were got off to time, thus enabling visitors to return to town before dark. The following were tho events : MAIDEN HUHDLE RACE.-Hippogriff, 1; Seabreeze, 2; Duration, 3. The following also started-Coup-d'etat, GratUm, Echo, Oculist, Insolvent, Ace, Swan, "SVal halla, Athenian, Suncroft and Ebony. Time--t mins. 3 sees. MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE.-Reticent, 1; Lady Ashton, 2; Kulkyne, 3. The following also started:-Browu Eagle, Joe's Indian Queen, Signal, and Rivertou. Time -5 mins 2} sees. GRAND NATIONAL HURDLE RACE.-Of 10 sovs. each, with -tOO added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs., and the third 25 sovs. out of the stake. About three miles. The Agent, 1: Guardfish, 2. Cockboat, 3. The following also started:-Huntsman, Sheet Anchor, Star, Student, Guardfish, Tattler, Omadhaun, Tan talizer. Betting-5 to -i Sheet Anchor, 4 to 1 The Agent, 7 to 1 Huntsman, 8 to 1 Guardfish, 10 to 1 Star and Tattler, 20 to 1 CockboAt. After a brief delay, the lot were dispatched on even tonns, Tantalizer leadiug over the first hurdle, followed by Guardfiish, The Agent, Sheet Anchor and Student, whilst Tattler acted as whipper in. Rounding the bend, Huntsman rushed to the front, having Guardfish, Omadhaun, Sheet Anchor, aa his attendants, ana in this order they took the second hurdle, while Tattler blundered. The Agent and Student having dropped back last. At this fence Tantaliser and Star came to grief and were out of it. Along the back-to the bridge Guardfish was taken to tho front at a good pace and led the field along by ten lengths, Huntsman, Agent, Tattler, Student aud Sheet Anchor following in the order named. At the sheds Omadhaun fell, and interefered with Sheet Anchor, who dropped into last place through it. Entcr the straight, Guardfish was 20 lengths ahead of Huntsman, then came the Agent, followed by Tattler and Student together, Sheet Anchor being last. Round the, turn and along the riverside, Guardfish went ahead merrily and was over 30 lengths in advance of his opponents, and this, as they neared the bridge, must have been increased to 50 lengths. Running down towards the sheds the leader began to show signs of tiring, and the gap was materially decreased by Tattler, Cockboat, The Agent, and Huntsman. As they approached the last fence, The Ageut c line with a graud rush and led into tho straight, followed by Cockboat, Guardfish, Tattler, Huntsman, and Sheet Anchor. Below the distance Guardfish answered the call, but was unable to reach The Agent, who won with a little in hand by three lengths from Guardfish, who was one and a half lengths in front of Cockboat. Tattler was fourth, then came Sheet Anchor and Huntsman, Time -1> mms Ok sees. Granq NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE, of 15 sovs. each, with 500 added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs., and third horse 25 SOVB. out of the stake. About throe , miles. Wymlet, 1; Sailor, 2; Denmark, 3. The follow ing also startedGovernor, Morven, Forester, Moon light, Granville, Progress, Native, Minerva, Mernder, Leo and Trickett, Betting: 4 to 1 Governor, 5 to 1 : Morven, 7 to 1 Sailor, Wymlet, Forester, 10 to 1 Leo, Progress, 12 to 1 others. The fourteen horses were i sent on their journey at the second attempt, Native I heing quickest on his legs, and leading past the stand j with Forester, Leo, Denmark, Minorva at his quarters, i Rounding the river turn the topweight was pulling , double, but had settled down behind Native as the first ' obstacle was negotiated. Leo, Wymlet, Forester aud j Trickett being tho next, Governor and Morven being i last. Along the back stretch no material change took ' place, and on reaching the abbattoirs Native and Deu ; mark were together, then came Leo and Wymlet at the ! head of the others, who were well up, with Moonlight ! last. Passing the sheds the leaders were still together i Wymlet having run up third, Minerva, Leo, Mernder, , Forester and Sailor being in a cluster. The double at the end of the straight was cleared by Denmark and Native almost together. "Wymlet and Minerva following, then came Sailor, Leo j and Forester in close attendance - an interval and j Governor showed at the head of the rear division j which was whipped in by Moonlight. Denmark led j over the quadruple with Native a length in the rear, 1 Wymlet struck the second fence, but Tommy recovered ' himself. Morven, Forrester and Moonlight caine down here, tho latter striking very heavily. The field had now 1 j scattered out, Denmark and Native going along the I river side, Leo, Minerva, Sailor, "Wymlet and Governor I comprising tho sccoud division. At the sod wall Leo i and Minerva came down, and Native had forged ahead | of Denmark, whilst Wymlet was creeping up on the i outside and Sailor in the centre. At the abbattoirs a couple more came down, and the race seemed to be a good thing for Deumork, but Wymlet and Sailor, who had been creepiug up challenged tho leaders. Native was soon disposed of and the weight telling on Deu mark, Corrigan brought Wymlet on without any very great elTort, and won by nearly 6 lengths from Sailor : who was 20 lengths ahead- of Denmark. Time, 7 luins. 19J sees. SELLING HURDLE RACE.-Student, 1; Flamborough, 2; Doucaster, 3. Equity, Fusilier, and Assegai, also started. Time-3 mins. 17i sees. FLAT RACE.-Ghost, 1; Plausible, 2; Bohemian, 3.; The following also startod:-Iralee, Anglesey, Fernlea, Ringmaster, Cincinnatus, Sirocca, Gardenia, Favor, Sir Charle3, Warfield, Vernet, Sedition, and Berkeley. Time- lmin.-iSJ sees. TROTTING CLTJD. Tho programmo of the meet of this club on Wednes day, tho 29th inst., is advertised, aud includes a Handicap Selling Trot, a Handicap Trot, and a Ladies'; i Bracelet. The events will be run under the V.lt.C.i rules. FOOTBALL. The Sandhurst Imperials met the Sandhurst for the third time this season in tho Upper Reserve on Satur day, the gamo resulting in a draw slightly in favor of the former by five behinds to two. The Imperial cap tain won the toss, and tho Saudhurst kicked oif against' a slight wind, but the ball was well returned, and the play for a time was of an even character. At length the Sandhurst forced tho play into their opponent's territory, and scored a behind. Tho ball was now. passed to the other end of the ground, tho Imperials' scoring a behind. The play for a time continued in the Sandhurst territory, Gibbs, of the Imps., having a very good shot for goal, but a behind was tho result. From this until half time the game was of an eveudcscriptiou, the state of the game at that period being :-Sandhurst Imperials, 2 behinds; Sandhurst, 1 behind. On the re- j sumption of play, the ball was not long before it was transferred to tho Sandhurst end, the Imps, obtaining another behind. The Sandhurstnow rallied, and placed another behind to their credit. After this, for a time the play was all over the ground, until the Imperials worked the ball into tho Sandhurst end, where several shots for goal were missed by their forwards. Time tv03 shortly afterwards called, the gamo this half being: -Imperials, 3 behinds; Sandhurst, 1 behind. For the Imperials Way, Sharp (2), Izatt, Long, Trevarrow, Blokkerrus, Kedge, and Horsfield showed up promi nently; whilst for tho Sandhurst Nosworth}* (2), Solo mon,* Kerr, Hampson, Eadie, Walker, Corduer, and Skehan worked hard. Mr. Stephens acted impartially as central umpire. Considerable interest is attracted to the third match between the Sandhurst and Bendigo football clubs, : which will come off on Wednesday at the Back Creek Cricket Ground. Both teams are in good trim, and a close and well fought game is expected. The charge ; for admission to the ground is sixpence. Our Eaglehawk correspondent writes :-A football ; match was played in the Canterbury Park on Saturday between the Eaglehawk (2nd twenty) and Peg Leg Juniors (25)j which resulted in a draw in favor of tho i latter by 1 goal and 7 behinds to 1 goal and 2 behinds. ! The game was deprived of its interest by the majority of the players following. For the Juniors, Hurst, Llewellyn, Rule, Smith, Berriman, Rosewarne, and Robbins played a good game, as did also Morgan, Bennett, Hayman, Rodda, and Harvey for Eaglehawk,! Mr. E. Rutherford made a very satisfactory central umpire. Our Melbourne correspondent writing on Saturday says:-Most of the football matches were surprises this afternoon. Carlton inflicted a severe defeat on Geelong, obtaining 7 goals and 4 behinds to Geelong's 2 goals and 12 behinds. Melbourne beat Essendon by 3 goals to 2. The South Melbourne against Fitzroy match resulted in a decided win for South by 9 goals to none. Moro one-sided still was the result of the contest between Hotham and Bendigo, for whilst Ho tliam kicked no fewer than 15 goals, Bendigo failed to secure one. University defeated Richmond by 1 goal : and 6 behinds to Richmond's 12 behinds, and in so doing won, I believe, their first match this season. The result of tho Williamstown and Ballarat match had not reached mo at the time of writing. A match was played on Saturday at Kangaroo Flat between the Coachbuilders and Kangaroo Flat. Owing , to tho Coachies bringing out only eleven men, tho Flat cousented to play with 14 men. The game resulted j as follows:-Kangaroo Flat, I goal and S behiuds to j Coachbuilders 2 behinds. For the winners, F. Sampson ! (goal kicker), S, Sampson, Gourley, Stevenson, 1 MiPherson (2), Courtier, Trobilcock (2), in fact the wholo team played well. For the losers, T. Corr, Liuehan, Farmer, Considine, Orr and Swalling played a good game, Mr Clifford made a very impartial central umpire. Our Castlemaine correspondent, writing on Satur day, says:-A team from Kyneton met the Fouudry Club this afternoon at the recreation reserve. The game, which was one-sided throughout resulted in a victory for the local team, the result being-Castle maine Foundry, 2 goals 8 behinds; Kyneton, 3 behinds. COURSING. A meeting of tho Northern Coursing Club will take place near Rochester on Wednesday. Entries close to day. 