THE V.A.T.C. SFRING MEET ING. First (Guineas) Day. It certainly docs not scam twelve months since the last Caulfield Spring Meeting, and yet it is just a year next Saturday since Sandal upset. a big pot and all our calculations . bv winning the Guineas from end to end. Blink Bonny's Caulfield Cup at the same meeting will long he remembored as one of the greatest bolls over ever witnessed in. .Australia, the rankest outsider in >tbc race winning, while Colstoun, the favourite, was un. pTaced. The carnival, which opened so auspiciously for the ring, saw the down fall of another hot favourite in Rame'c defeat for the Derby, but the tide turned in the Cup, as the four first horses — Malua, Commotion, Plausible, and Hast ings — were the four animate backed to win most money in the big race. The " Guineas " this year promises to prove an unusually interesting event, as at least half a dozen of the probable starters for tho V.R.C. Derby are likely to put in an appearance for the mile race at Caul field, aud the prospect of witnessing a struggle between Dunlop, Ringmaster, Sunny Days, First Prince, Remus, Junnna, The Trawler, and the blue and white representative should alone attract a big crowd to the heath on Saturday. The flying South Australian filly, Madde lina, will make her first appearance on a Victorian course in the Great Foal Stakes, which event will also introduce Victorian race-goers to another clinker in Acme or Phillip Augustus, whichever Mr. White makes up liis mind to send. The recent rains have made the heath look gloriously green, while a host of other improvements, effected since the test Spring Meeting, combine to add to the attractions of the course. E very preparation has been made for the reception of the largest attendance on record, and I scarcely think either the Sublic or the committee are likely to he isappointed in their expectations. . The following are my anticipations for tiie brat day s racing : — Maiden Plate. TOO TOO or HIPPOGRIFF. Hurdle Race. HUNTSMAN 1 ; Duration ... ... 2- Gbattan ... ... 3 The Great Foal Stakes, on paper, looks like a race between White s best and Maddelina. I think the race is a trifle more open than it appears at first sigh t, and I shall go for an out- ANITA l Maddelina ... ... 2 White's Best ... ... 8 THE CAULFIELD GUINEAS will, I think, be fought out by Monte Christo, Joanna, Dunlop, and Bunny Days, and I shall place them — MONTE CHRISTO ... 1 JOANNA ... 2 sdnbx Dats ... . ... 8 Hunters' Cup. ABDALL'AH ob KULKYNE. ' Toorak Handicap. CHUCKSTEE .... ... 1 Bohemian ... ... % The Ghost ... ..... 8 ; 