$pIandrai& 3a Standar~d PUOLIStED VEP.Y FPRIDAY MORNINNO. FRIDlZ , 18Tll DI(;CEMI BEit. TIe farrers in this district have great reason to be thankful that their prospects in the coming harvest are much superior to those of the agricultural ounltunities in most of the other ptortions of the colony. Whilst the grain and other crops through out the Alexindra district look fairly well and'pronlise quite an average yield, those in other districts have beetn for weeks languishing and dwindling for want of the moisturo necessary to make the diffcrerce between a good and a bail harvest. The northern and north-easterlt plhun, at; usual, are amongst the districts where the crops have suffered tnos: fromt the recent hot and dry weather; but associated with these also in the lumtental e category hiav to be placed considerable area: aroiunl Hlamilton and other parts of the Western district, blessed, in ordinary yeirs. with a sufficient and generally etiialhi, rainfall. Geelong and the lBarrablol hills, on the other hand, are this season amoilngs.t the most favonred districts. Genial rains at the critical time haveo spplied the iutIch needed moisture, with the result that the grans is reputed os abundant and the crops healthy and flourishing. A dry October ,is almost certain to prove fatal to the farmers' hopes of a good harvest, and, Irrigation apart, the question has arisen how is the October blight best to be met. .In ,discuising the matter recently In the columns of te i. Arguo," a practical far mer, Mr. Jons Wesr, of MorooroInn, slg. goats thitt the solu tion of the ditfliculty may possibly be foun,d by obtaininng a good commercial early wheat, which will ripen three weeks or a monrth earlier titan the varieties at present grown, and which, sown in May, wointl le sulfHicieltly ad vanced to withstland injury when the usual October drought oet in. According to Mr. WtEsr, no good milling wheat, except the Hybrid Chanplhi., , has been inmported into Victoria for a nurmber of years astl, and lihe suggests that special efforts ,should be made to improve the varieties of whllat at present in cultivation and hylbridlisation. This wotli be it ciigenini and prolp.r task for the Royal Commission to tundertake, recently appointed to enquire and report on what new products other than grain can be profitably grown in Victoria. It is true that the priop)osition is sonmwhat be. yond and outside the enquiry for which the Comitntision win appointed ; but the object is most imllportant, and there iight to bt little or no difliculty in having the duties of the Comntission extended, so as to bring the timatter within the scope of theirenquiry. ''The question is of suprenme importance to threfuture well being of tihe agsicultural interest, and the Council of Agriculture might swe ll take tip the enquiry, and bring the knowledge and ex perience of experts to throw needed light upon the subject. The only other hope of relieving the wheat cultivatoris in the drier parts of the colony froeai the disas trous conseqluences of an insfllicient rain fall is to be found in a well-conlidered schemo of national irrigation. And most assuredly it does not redound to the -credit of the 'earliamntnarians who pIli tically give up the ghost to-dlay, or to the Coalition Govermnent they have retained in office, that a great portlion of the secsion his been wasted in floods of idle talk all personal discusiions, and yet nothing lhas been done to evolve antae practical result from Mr. DeAliNt' ti,.. iion and elaborate and volutrinou rleport. The'I is, how ever, a silver lining to the cliiil which at present eo threuiteingly lowers on the -farmlers' harvest prolpect:i . The Premier annoounced inl the Legislative Anssembly on Tuesday that the railway revenue was cotm. ing in so satisfiactorily that the Cto tie.s sioners could steo, their wav to)wards per forming the conditional promise made by Mr. Stnvici: in his bul lget sapiuch, and that a reduction woutl be made in the grain freights before the coring iiharvest. The txtent of the new reductions will amount to £3C,000, and the reduced rates will apply not only to long dlistancu , as was the cose last year, but aian on a graduated scale, to grain conveyed beyond lifty miles. The Uovternment hive yet to con sider the details proposed by Mr. S1 ii iuru and his colleagues, but no dilliculties are expected to arise, iand the l'rmier is bound by hil i roune i, to have the re.lced rates in operation befuo the coming har vest. "LFor thin relief, much thanks." Since the foregoing was whitten, we are glad to state lthat the Minister of Agricul turn, in the: Ateinbly, )i W'cedneusday night, promised to sendl to every whecat growing country in the world in order to obtain uoed of good conmIercial wheat that would mature three or four weeks earlier than the varieties now grown in Victoria. This is ia stop in the right dlirutctiun, and shouhl lead to rclits emrninently favorable to the interests of thu general farming community. Following their usual cusilont, the Alex andr. Brass Band will parade ont Christ Iluts eve, and after performting a Iiniu er of popular selections in Grant-street in the earlier part of the evening, will, about 11 o'clock, promrenalte round the townIhlip playing tihe usual Christitas hIytuns atid anthlems. The Legislative Counucil ihas once againr proved its value as aI check ipon hiisty legislation. iThat abortion of a mieasure, the E'cctoral Bill, which th, "popllar ouseo" rushed through in indecent littto on tlhie plea of " urgenoy," aind against tie third reading of whlich, we were pleased to see, our rmemrber, Mr, Huntt, entered his proteUt on a division, was re jected by the Upper Ifouse on Wednesday evening by a two to one tmajority, the votes bein: 20 to 10. 'lhe Bill was ablout as crude as it coultd well be, and the prin ciple motive for introdlucing the mtcasure wouldl apper to be to give inereouscd representation to tbe nmetropolis. Electoral reform ia unquestionablly requpired by the country, but it Imust not be of rtch a Patchwvorl tuiture its thalt contained in the Bill wisely rejected by tiho Counoil, but a complrehlensive meanlure, giving proper representation to coatltry electorates having grown it population or too large in area to be nulequately represented by the presenut nuiiber of mctbohrs returned. lWhilsL we regret thalt such oonstituencies as Maoirt and \Viniteri cannot retirt an adhitinal nitoebcr to trlhe next Parliaiietit. we rejotice that ouch ani ill tonsilered eiansure huas not bor. passed into law. The vacancy created in the Yea council by the resignation oi Mr. U. Underwood lhas baoon lilled by the unopposeld returmn of Mr. D. M'Lisi, of Blurrirtndindi itation. We congruttulato the electors of Yea on being fortinuate enough to securo tihe servicoes of mIch a eonscioentiout8 lndi .traightforwardl repte.nt tive, whIse past actions in tne council have beeni ildentified with the truest irtcrentn of the shlire, and whom no clique can makne a tool of. The Governmrr nt surveyors employed upon the )~rmanent survey of the exten sion of the railway line from Yea have now alhncst completed their work up to the Cathkin junction, and after tile Clirist mn? Vacatio1n, unless otherwise instructed, will move their camp up the Yarek road, in continuation of the main linl to Maans field. On Wednesday, August 19th, of the present year, one of the largest and most thoroughly representative ileputations that has ever beon sent from this district, halded by the I'resident of the shlire, attenlded at the oflice of the Cotnmissioncri, of tRailways, and was introduced by Mr. Iiiut, M.i,.A., and the lion. Mr. Balfour. Thle deputation asked, amlnig other things. that tihe brtch line to Alexandra shlonuh be permranently sirveyod at th eiarliest opportunity, and tenders for its construc. tion called si?iultaneously with the line to Cathki. The Conuntissioners promised that if possible the request lshouli be granted. lThe tile ihas now arrived whllen the next stel in this, to this district, all inpoet:ant matter, should be taken. The Nurvey to Cathkin iiay be said to have been conlplettl, and it now , becoeutes the duty of those in anthority t toake every i nsibli, incarusro to have the survey of the branch into the township completed forthwith, and tenders called for tlhe construction of the line from Yea to the townshllip of Alex andra, a distance only of twenty miles. The President of the sllire, whor hla always taken a great interest in this niattor, has thoughtfully taken the first move by telegraphing to Mr. Hunt and asking that genutleoan to interview the Connmissioners as to the most suitable time for thIem to redeemn the promise nmade to visit this die trict at the earliest opportunity, and also to ask that on tile expiration of the Christ mins holidays, the surveyors may be in structed to forthwithl proceed with the permanent survey of the branchl line into the towrnship. It would be needlless repe tition to reiterate the claims o)f this im portant distlict to early railway eorinruni cation. We have written column upon eclmnn on the subjeet. A personal visit by the Cotmrissioners woull do more to vouch for the truth of what we have pro viously urged in advance of our cause thian volumes of writing. We trust the Presi dent will be successfsul in his endeavors to ir.duIce the CommrnuiHsioners to conie and in epect for themisolvea the largo aniount of grand country we have here lying literally idle because for want of railway cornlrni cation it wourl not and loes not pay to put it to its be(st and most legitimate of uses ; and tllhat the Conunissioners will see their way to at nie order the survey of tihe branch line to the township to be pro ceeded with. 'lThe council meeting occunrring just irn nlediately previous to Christmas has in foraetr years generally lapsed, the reason for saime not being very apparent. This year, however, we believe will provei an exception, inaslllucl: as there are several interesting matters to be brought before the meeting oi Wednesday, amtongst whicll are eoveral propositions for proposed works, which it is necessary sllould be Iproceeded with with as little delay as pos sible, notably the drainage works in Bailey-street, a. urgent at this period of the year, the cutting of Iluker's hill, and others. We are given to understand that Mr. H. W. Aleton is making satisfactory pro gress i tilhe collection of the rates. Rate payers should bear in mind that only on rater pild within the current year caln Go v\rllllcltnt endowmeint lie clhinledi, so that one day belind the time delfes the clairm ing by the shire of subslday on that par ticular itemi for twelve months. A lively scene is at the present timo be ing enacted in the busy thoroughfare of Bouurke street, Melbourne, where the Nor uuanby hotel is in a state of siege, owing to at dispute between the owners and the present occupait, tlhe latter of whom, Mrs. Ilaker, assisted by her two daughters, las for several days successfully held the fort against the combined tactics of the Carlton Brewery Fire Brigade, the police, and the etu;plves of the previousu occullier. The wealpons used by the inmates, namtely, a plentiful supply of boiling water, supple. ruented by ani applarertly inexhlrautib l supply of empty beer and porter bottles, all the weak points of assault being vigi lantly watched and guarded, havu so far proved effectual, and the scenie is con tinued day by dlay. This sensational inci dent, from present appearances, is likely to be repeated in a iminor degree in our own townsllip during Chlristmuas week, as we notice by our advertising colunii s that tlhero are two cluinttnts for the posscssion of the Shire-hall for the purpose of holdl ing a ball on the 28th inst., the represen tatives of each entertainment so advertised claiming to lhave the right of jroference. As neither party will ha\ve tihe Issisatince of a lire brigade to cool their ardor, it is a nmatter of specuilation as to what inanaoueres or strategy will be adopted on tihe occasion. Boiling water and empty champagne bottles cast out by the omasonic lodge will certainlybe availble, drild au there t ait local rifle corps in existence, whlose symnathies may possibly bie enlisted on onie side or the lther, it in quite possible that with Martinis, battering rarns, and other ancient and modern aIppliances of warfare to be obtained it PlalInner's euri osity shop, our townspeople Inay reap tihe benefit of a highly dramatic entertainnment not anrounoiced in either of tie advertise imeits ruleerred to. Soano few nronuthn ago a number of genrtlemen resilding in thIe suburbs of tihe townlship kilndly undertookl to canvass in their own itnutedirat neighlborhlood for lsubscriptions to the cottago hiospital. Several of thlese hlaver already maIde their returns, which Ihave been duly acknow ledged in this journal, but ar it is deosirable that all donrutions andl collecting books shnIoild b perfectedl by the 31st irnst., we are requested by tihe necretary to aIsk that all whet have not yet reported will do so if Ipossible on or before tihe date nrnamed. Thie unnsurr assable bIuity of thIe scenery erurrouniding our pretty townshlip is, as might be expected after the Ipublicity wllieh ills been extended to it by the " Vagaliond" and ourselves, arttracting an unusually large niumber of visitors dlurinrg tire Lrcaent ?eason, which we are aiware will bIe largely t)uploemrernted during tile crrroncy of thie Iolidays. No one can doubt burt that wheln we obtain the juest concession of ratilway collnr uniceation direct into tIe townshlip. thie ealubrity antl cooiness of our climrate, andl tile varied pieturesquuencss of thIe townshlip anid sur roundtlings, will corrrnurnld aii large ondl ex teonsive infllix of visitors Irorr every part ut tile cohlnry. A "iervice of annEn," entitled " Ellen Weston," will be rendered by thIe schiolars attelnding St. John's ChII'chI Sitdulay Scliool, on thIe evening of Chlristimrin day, ia thie chulrcli, tnmmencing at 7.30. A collection will lie ilade lit tile closa on beliha:f of tieo finds of tile sholol. We trrust there will le a good attendohnco to elcouragne tlhe children in their efforts. The ltev. Ii. F. tjnhill will ofliciate at St. John's on oundlny next, morninganud evennag, and at Thornton, in the aflternoon, at 3., The sale of furniture and effects at the residence of Mrs. Bernhauld Smith, Bailey. street, will be held to-morrow by Mr. E. W. Sampson. At a mueeting of directors of the Stearn Threshing Comlpanyv, on Saturday, the ten dier of MIr. J. Alsop, jun., of 55 per cent. on the gross takings was accepted sub ject to alproval of other directors for ren tal of machine for the season, Mr. J Ware offering ai bulk suin of £92. Last year Mr. Ware offered 55 per cent. for the machine, and MIr. ,. Alsop a bulk osiium of .82, when the latter was accepted ; and somae of the sharehohldors are wondering by what pro cuss of reasoning the directors came to ar rive at their decision on Saturday, seeing that the per centage accepted was equal to that refused last year, while the bulk num refused this year was in excess of the amoulnt accepted last season. We would draw the attention of farmers, speculotors, and others, to the important sale of land by Mr. E. W. Sampson, at his tmart, Grant-street, on Monday next, when that magniificent property known as the Ev'lingtoun Farn, containing 435 acres of rich agricultural and grazing land, will be offered to publihe competition. The land is subdivided into five paddocko, sell fenced, and permanently watered, with woolshed, yiardrs, and other requisite buihl ings, forming in all a most desiruble home stead ; about 200 acres being suitable for agricultural purposes, and the remaind.er grand grazing land. The terms, which will be easy, are to be announced at the sale. On the sanre ditto and at the same place will also be submitted to auction 20 acres of freehold land situnte on .Johllnon's Creek, the aunmo being well fenced. Mr. Sumpson's next stock sales take pl sco to morrow, entries for which should be sent in as soon as possible. We have received from Mrs. M. Hall a packet of Christmils and New Year's cards, which for beauty of design, delicate shad ing and colorisn, and excellence of work Inanship surpass arty of the productions of previous years. It is truly natonishing the progress made year by year in this art, ia perfect little picture of sterling melrit being now obtainable at six pence. Cardsu that would readily have sold at one shilling each a few years ago are now being offered by Mrs. HIall at one penny each, who hais undoubtedly the greatest and best virict3 ever shown in this district, the prices of wllich range from one penny to £1. We would advise an early call to see the grand display of these fashionable offo-iugs at Mrs. Hlll's store. For the convenienceof country castnmerasnicely assorted packets at prices of lid., Is., and upwards, will be forwarded on receipt of order. Tie induction of the Rev. M. F. Cahill into the charge of St. John's Church, Alexandra, was performed by the Rev. Canon M'Cuillagh, Archdeacon of Sanl hurst, on Tuesday evening, in the presence of a large congregation. Prior to the corn meruncement of tile service the churcllwar dens assembled at the western door of the church, and upon being joined by the clergymen, colndcted the latter in proces ion to the clanicel, where the Rev. Canon M'Cullagh read the Bishop's mandate in structing himn to indluct with all convenient speed the Rev. 31. F. Cahill to the charge of the parochial district of St. John's, The Rev. M. F. Callill having sworn allegiance to Her Majesty the Queen, and his belief in the Thirty-nine Articles of the Church, the keys of the sacred edifice were then delivored by the guardians to the Arch deacon,lnd bly hint to the Rev. Mr. Cahill, together with the charge of the distriot. and tihe emoluments and apportenances arising therefrom. Mr. Cahill was then conducted by the cllurchw.rdene to the reading delt and thes sual evening service of the church proceeded with, special prayers for the occasion being offered up by the rev. Archdeacon. and appropriate Ilhymn s ang. T'rihe Rev. Canon M'Cnllagh ga"o an excellent discourse front the 4 chap 2 epistle to the Corintlians, 5 verse, "For wo preach unto you not ourselves but Christ the Lord." In the course of his remuurks the rev. gentleman said that in re. ligion as in all other matters there was cer tain to be differences of opinion, and that it was essential they should be liberal and broad mlinded, doing all things not as unto tlhemselves but for the glory of Christ the L,ordl, otlherwioe there was the great danger of malking the church xeclusive in place of being inclusive. The induction of his dearly beloved brother had been made at a time whlien the churchl in Alexandra had ibeen left i't most pleciuliar and unflrtunate circuutstanceo, anlld it would devolve upon the congregation to do their utmost to strengthen and uphliold his lhands. lie could assure them that in Mr. Cahill they haid a imost faithful servant of Christ, whose example in life they could follow with the most perfect confidence, who would spend and be spent in their service, and whose preaching would he "lnot of ourselves but of the saving cower of Christ the Lord." God forbid that lie shonhli hlatter any man, but it was ecarcely possible to speak in too high terms of the good and loving qualities of the gentleman they had been so fortunate to secure as their minis tor. The preacher then referred to the ditlieiulties which beset the ministers of Christ in their work, pointing out that in commeircial pursuits as the scan sowed so lie expected to reap. If he sowed plen teously hlie crpected to reap plentiously, if little le expected to reap little but it was not so with ministers of religion. tl'le fruits of tluhir work were not madel known unto tlhemi in this worll. However plen teouisly thy soowedCi the good seied, the hlur vest would not be garnod in until thley etood side by.aide at tbo great day of Judg mrint, wlen, lhe believed, that congregation, standling side by aide withl tlheir belovedl pastor, woul he fruit of the good seed sown, proving tlhat we llave preachedl unto you not of ourselves, but of Cllhrist the Lord. Thle weather has been exceedingly op pIressive during the past week, the ther mIomieter regestering as much as 105 dcg. in tlie shadel. The crops lhare rilpenled very fast, but a few dull days antl rain are requircedl to leligthlen the steiu and fill out tlie ears. It is anticipated tie yield throughout thie district will be up to tihe average, but not so good as was expected earlier in the season. The will of tile late Mr. Boernhard Smith, P.M., was proved last week, his personal property being sworn lt £2,278. The will Iequenatls overything to Mrs. Smith abso lutely. The liev. A. R. Stackhlouse will preach at St. Lukes, Yea, on Sunday next, morning (I) andlll evening (7.30). andl at 3iolepworth, at 1. C.llcction at Molesworth in aid of Sunday Suchouol P'rize Funld. The Rev. T. B. Swift will preach on Sun lday next as followrs--tobur, 11t a.m., Yarck, 2.30 ip.m., nud Alezandra, in tlhe evening at 8\. Also, Uplper Thornton State.~schlol, ?Monday. at 8 p.im., and Darlilngford State school, Taesday, at 8 p.m. The tRev. II. C. Farley will preach ao fo l lows on Sunday--T'hornton, morning, Acheron, afternoon, and Alxandrn, 7.l10. Harvics will also be held at Crystal Creeck, at 3.1.. 