The Blotting Pad. "Thbbb needs no ghost, come from the .grate, to tell ms" that the Ministry it not altogether a happy family. This was an open ' secret before the now historic Gosford banquet. But few probably knew that Farnell was the " coming man." It is hard to realise it now, though as tbe Irish jury said when they acquitted a man who {leaded not guilty—" he ought to know." Sir Alexander is going, Dalley won't reign in his stead, and the author of the Land Act claims to come next in order of heirship. There are few more genial men than the same James Squire Farnell, few better able to do certain things, and few leas fitted for leadership. He not a many-sided man, ho is too thorough!, and as we have just seen cannot he trusted with State secrets. Besides he has a faculty for allowing himBelf to be used and dropped. Outside politics he has been pnt in the front when a name was needed for the chieftainship, and quietly dropped when he could be done without. He-was wanted this last time to get over the land troubles, and now—well, now, " differences of opinion hare arisen." But there is an Abdiel who remains faithful. Perish the motley crew of portfolio holders so Ion? as the hysterical and Deity-invoking Levien ia true! Some day we shall see justice done to such men. Some d&y; a great historic painting will show posterity the Mrs. Micawber of our day grasping the Minister for Lands fervently by the hand, and exclaiming amid tears, " He is the father of mv twins—I never never will desert Mr." Farnell, But will not the Grand Panjandrums Orangery want to know something about that reference to' the Education Act P The matter not having yet been dealt with by the Parra matta amateur parliament of course the country is unsettled on the question, but everyone does, not know that. And a. good many people tfbject to . such' . random and sweeping, denunciations of a law which tcob trouble enough, to get, which costs .enough to cany out, and which will give rise to o no,.end no,end of disousB}on before it as altered, if < ever {hat be done. If there true cue thing more disgusting than another in connection with the disgusting advocacy of the late convict by the blatant Walker, it was the floral " service over his grave. As tbe last standing place he had on earth fell from beneath his feet the cheers of the mob outside rang in his ears, but they were not more out of place than the gathering of thousands of people around the spot where are deposited the remains of one who while living, whatever he may have been, was not worthy of honour. By all means let his stricken mother weep over her boy's grave, as often and bb long as Nature prompts the act. That would furntBh tbe most touching senile in the diomalaffair. But to see the wind- .bag, who was a {Spiritualist when it paidhim, and now lives by denouncing the faiths of others, posing as an apostle of humanity and theatr. • cally placing a wreath on the heap of earth and stones, waB worthy of Paris at its worst. There was Ibsb degradation in the -ministrations of Nosey Bob. . » * Johns is dead, and the question of reprieve or no reprieve—capital punishment or no . executions—does not affeot him now. The law as it stands has been vindicated, and advocates for its reform can use all the arguments the case affords at will. But one future in the affair recalls an old story, and that is the persistent plea that the man was onoe a good Sunday (School boy. The legend is that great painter in the zenith of his fame saw beautiful child playing amidst flowers, and graphically reproducing the child and ite sureoundin^e he called his picture " Innooence." It exceeded all his former efforts and he felt that to complete his life's work he need only produce a companion picture personifying *' Guilt." Yearn were spent an fruitless search, and the painter grew grey and bent before he gratified his desire. At last he was told of a man under sentence of death for a long career of diabolical crime, and visiting him in his condemned cell he found just the model he required. Say b; day the "canvass grew more like the fiendis] figure that scowled at him from the corner of the cell, uutil at last the work was complete. Then a chance word led to enquiries which proved that the criminal of manhood had been the innoc<<at child—that one person had been model for both paintings. The case is no parallel for that we have dealt with, but it carries its moral notwithstanding. Hobson is a man of resource, and as he dwells amrag us and is amiability itself, we feel free to tell his latest effort ia that direction. His castle is of a kind common in-all Parramatta'a suburbs, and being his own ruler in such matters living alone in liberty—he allows himself a latch-key. The other day he leftthia latchkey in "the otherooat," and found himself, near midnight, in the rain, and possessed of .no key but the " key of the street*" Some men would have smashed a window, or done somethin; desperate. Not 60 with Bobson, who brought - his gigantic . intellect to .bear, and before he was quite wet' through could see a plan. By scaling a fence he could reach an outhouse, which he did ; >rocure from it something like a housebreaker's mplement, which he did; climb np on the back premises, which he did, and then with a deal of patient energy open a tiny window, which he did also. Then heonlyhaato squeeze through, smashing his hat and tearing his' coat, and was able to find his way exultantly to the centre of his home. And then he found that when going out he had forgotten to fasten the baok door, and that in fact it was ajar all the time. And then he taxed all his-resources to find revised version quotations. • * — • • -- • Another injustice to" Granville! One of its conscript fathers thinks that if they had a bench of their own they voidd not have their assessments played at dudm'and: drakes with. Not if they could insurethat no ens sat on it but those oonvinced that the assessments were ction, perhaps, but ~ what about those i Jranville public men who said the assessments ware disgraceful Mote any appeals were heard at nil? They may -write "J.'IV after their ntmes by the time Granville has a court house. "Better the devil you know than the ." Bnt it really is hardly polite to quote that proverb. ' v ' As for the denunciations of the valuers themselves everyone can afford to laugh at them. They • ud little enough in court, and if the magistrates did blunder (and we have no brief for their defence) they ought to have heard from Messrs. Armstrong and Matthews then. But their roaring then was of the mildest kind. Not so when they denounce the Bench on paper and obtain revenge, ha 1 ha! on Mr. Bayner by calling him " this man." How "will Mr. Bavner get over this f Will he reflect that other great men have been maligned and preserved their equanimity t or will he rage like a person of the female persuasion when she is addressed as " my good wotnan ?" Sbe generally threatens to let people know that she is no " good woman''; but we hardly expect a corresponding disclaimer from tbe Granville man of many mansions. V One of the most respected of Australia's public men has passed away in the person of sir Wigram Allen. None but those who have watched his conduct in the chair of the Assembly, night after night and month after month, can know his courtesy which never failed, and his fairness and impartiality" to friend and foe. But Sir George was even greater in private life than in public. None will ever know the full exteat of .his benofaitions, since lie was one who truly kept his left hand.in the dark as to the doings of his right. One at least of his efforts, on behalf of the lo'wer stratum of society," is bearing good fruit. Some months ago we were present at a meeting of the " Wentworlh blub." In his own: suburb," the Glebe.and in that part adjoining Sydney, are some of the most undesirable of slums. In the heart of these tbe good knight founded a club 'for young mtu, which has made many straight and kept them so, and which in a year became self-supporting. In reality his outlay was gust great for him, Lut the wisdom of the plan was as valuable as .the hundred pounds. V The proceedings in Wednesday's Police Oourt were of more than ordinary importance, and two rather important moot-points are likely to be settled in consequence, ia equity, of course, no one defends the use of light weights, though it is hard to see how any great harm would result from a butcher having a two pound weight three drams t-liort. But in getting Mr.. Williamson to fight their battles for them the tradespeople are doing the community good service, and will have one or two-doubtful points cleared up. So with the obstruction of footpaths. Some appear to have doubted how far the law would affect them—they are likely to be informed. The Mahdi is "smashed " but not by British prowess. The pestilence that walketh by night has done what cannon and bayonets could not do and settled for ever his claim to the title. Another Mohammed-bea-Abdallah may arise to-morrow, but it wiV. take time for him to convince the zealots of hiB divine mission. After this last disappointment, the Prophet's successor and representative will not be expected so ardently for a time, and in view of the thousands who seal their faith with their blood on the rising of every fanatic or imposter who calls upon them, even Moslem faith will'not take evidences for granted, The now defunct claimant to the Mahdi-ship is the only one who remained successful till death and whose mission was net doubted, by his followers before his deceaso. And if we mistake not, he is the first who has died a* so-called natural death. Peihaps Jie may be the,last to die at all, and Islam cease_ looking for their Messiah much as the Israelites,' their kinsmen, have given over expecting theirs. 