MimCONCI. FbOM OUB CoBKESPONTIENT " JlM." Tins usual drill was held on Tuesday even ing, when a fair proportion of those en rolled were present. At present the weather is most unplea sant for out-door exerciso particularly at night, but the fact that somo of our volun teers liavo to walk five or six miles to be present speaks worlds for the determina tion and ardour the members feel and their wiBh to make the innovation a success. } It is of rourao ovident to all roBidonts that Mittagong rojoicos iu tho possession of a pretty and commodious pnVKonngo; aforosaid building has still a formidable dobt attached to it, which will rcquiro till the cnorgios of tho members of Mint denom ination to liquidate. Tho ladies (over to tho foro iu good works) havo docidod to oom raouco working for tho annual bazaar which gonorally t altos place on I?riuco of Wales, Birthday, h. meeting with roferonco to tho abovo was hold at tho parBonago on Wednesday wlion it was dotorminod tho " fair sex" should do all iu tlioir poww to mako tho coming " Ninth" a grand hucooss. It certainly sconiH hard that tho lion's sharo of work should fall on tlioir slondor shoul dors, bill, if thoy got tho toil they eortainly reap tho harvost, no any " follah" will find to his cost whon ho loavos a bazaar. Writ ing of parsonagos reminds mo of another building of somothing tho Bamo " genus," to wit, tho Homau Catholic Church at Lower Mittagong. Situated in a most lovely spot, just buoIi ft 0110 from winou wo could imagino Gray composing his famous " Elegy," with porlmpa ouo of tha prottiost viows in Iho district, it stands ft motlol of docay and negloct. Somo ruins wo can ro vero and admiro bocauso of tlioir hiatorios or ago ; but I do not think this tiny tomplo can boast of oithor, thoroforo thoro is somo tlriug profoundly molanclioly and droary in its appoaranco. Whother usod or not it sooms n crying shamo that tho building should bo in such a condition ; sttroly it woro bettor to hnvo uono at all than tho prosont ghost of n ouo. 