An Unmasked Card-sharper The Story of a Young Man who waa Detected Cheating in a Olub. They were discussing the latest seandal. A young msu of good connections had been igno miniously expelled from a olub. Playing in oollnsion with a professional gambler, he had cheated at cords and in a few months had won a considerable sum, ' ' And has he killed himself f ' asked some one. ' Bah !' replied another. ' Do men kill them selves for so little nowadays ? It was different in the good eld times.' ' In the good, old times, as you call thorn,! said old General Boy, ' those who adopted the card-sharper's profession killed themselves no more than do those of the present time. Afow exceptions ihere may have been among those. who wore detooted at the outset. But if the first attempt succeeded, they did a3 they do to-day, thoy quickly acoustom themselves to their degradation. Ah, it is so easy ! Whon respeot for his own good name will not restrain a man at the first step, it is enUroly dead within him, and. even, a scandal will not revive it. By the way, I oan tell you of a curious case in point, where- tho hero blow out his brains, but it was not a suicide. No, strange as it may sound, it was not a suioido. Listen : : ' It wa9 some fifty years ago. The Press of that time was- not the terrible gos.-ip that it is to day, and sensational nows never passed certain bounds. There were not fewer scandals, but the scandals were less known. In faot, I think thoro wore ratJier more. Not that we are more virtuous, but the fear of publicity is certainly a great oheck. 'Among the elegant young fellows, the gilded youth of those days, who f urnishod tho greater port of the scandalous gossip by their ecaentrioitios and duols, was a young gentle man attached to the? king's household. I shall c.hII him fltn Vinnmfn T?nliiTirl rTKn *.nmn was not an illustrious one ; in fact, the vieomto was tho fruit of one of thoso mixed marriages introduced by Napoleon I. General Co:ate Roland, who.«e heavy oivalry charges are matters of hintory. had married tho daughter of tho Marquis do Bran3ac, a member of ono of the wealthiest and. most powerful families of Franco. His son was then about twonty-six years of age. Ho had not tho robust, plebeian beauty of his father, -who had been ono of the handsomest men in the army. Ho was rathor the delicate and distinguished graco of his mother, whoso idol he was. Having loved her husband passionately,, the countess was now wrapped up in her son, ' The extravagant life lod by the son had caused a quarrel botrween tho parents. The oountess livod in tho Bransac HOtel, one of tho finest in the Faubourg Saint Gormain, while the general, secluding, himself in a little ohateau in tho foroftof Scnart, pas.-edhis time in the pleasures of the chase. They say he had ill treated his wifo, but its was utterly untrue The fact is that there had been between tho general und his wifo two terrible scene'. ' The first was caused by an idea which took possession Of tho COUnteSS. Shn fnnnrl rtiia. name ' ' Roland ' too ploboian for her son, and tormented her husband to obtain the king's authority to add to.it that of Do Brausao. The general energetically refused. ' ''My name has sufficed for me,' said i he, ' for mo who have-made it famous. It will do ? for thts frao gontleman, my son. If he does, not fiud it brilliant' enough, lot him try to add. to its luBtre.' ' Tho seoond sceno was brought about by, the vioomte abduoting. a ballet dancer, and by a duel and a debt winch, were tho consequences of this little affair. The- general brought the son before his mother aud Toughly reproved himf or his folly. Instead of supporting her huiband, the oouateBB made excuses for her eon. Women' always aro indulgent toward the man in alovs Ecxape. 'As tho general! told his son that his- fortune v*as not sufliciont to' maintain suoh scandalous absurdities, tho oountess unhappily interjeotod : ' ' Oh, tlio forfcuue of the i)e Bransaos- will amply suffico fir-him ' ' She had not oaloulatf d tho e3Peok of- her speeoh. An hour S.iter the general! left, the hotel and wont to. his ohateau ; at khe end' of a week tho family notary informed the countoss tha'ther entire personal fortune was at her dis posal. Tho separation was complete, and tbe gonernl lived alone on tho fifteen thousand francs -which constituted tho rovenue- Us- re ceived from his own fortune. ' Tho eon muds ducks and drakos cf her fortune. At tho end of six months the ooustoss waa hulf ruined; and the energy of- tko- notary alone saved her frum her son's- oxtrwagtmoes. ' ' All at once it became known that' tha Vi eomte Roland1 no louder belonged to tbe- king's houhahold, nnd that ho had liaudodih, bis ro signution an liouloimnt in u cavalry regiment. Thut is wlmt was givon out. but uumciurs of a different ohajmctor wore a3b»t. Ths- xountess no louger appeared in publio, but odnfoiod her self to hor hotel. Iu a fo«r weeks, she seemed 19'3'oars oldor. ' The vicoruto, after a voyaga ofscmo weekB ia. Italy, roturned to Pums, took apartments in. tho Ruo flola Chausue df Antin, and lived tha. lifoof aaidlwon the penBion, of a thousandl franos a. month allowed him, by his mother It wouHl bo little to-day, bat at that time ib onabledi a man to make qnito- a figure in toe fashionable world. Hfe passed! hia tdrno between lovo adnraniures, the theatres, and the croon t.'-!)lo. Thou little by litMo his ologanoa and! his eooentriuitioit b«gan to. !*» talked about. Clubs were not ra plentiful as thoy aionow bat the gilded youth nnd the jramostere had a fow of them wfeoro lovaus of tho greon oloUj could nraune themselves. 'One .evouhijf wheu tho Vioomta. Roland, after- haying wan a considerable sura from one o* his friondii, offorod him his revenge his opponont rooo, and; nnahrair awaarthn nnwio lookpd at Mia In a singular manner . ? ' ' WcU, no, Rnland,' said ho ; 'whatwith yonrlnck -with woihon and your luok with o&rdfi;, you havo too much luck for ouo man ' 'Roland, though somowkaf oholerio de wTtb 1 11?i''xp'ttnation- ?''* contented himself '*,iUeday» 'after the Prefect of Police ah nonnced' himself to tho general at his ohateau ' What p'oBsed/'between them I do not 'know' All that is known of the affair la that thoin rn* tumoa togothor to PaiU. : VT ??&. % -, ' At 1 1 o'olook of tho evening following that interview, the vioomto was seated at a table playing 6oart£. He had Just won tea succes sive jrames from an Englishman, who-, passing through Paris on hia way homo, had been- intro- duced at the- olub by one of the members. Roland had a considerable sum before- him. Tho loser had just risen, and bofore leaving tho table had' bowed thrico, when an elderly gen tleman approached the table, ''Will the Vieomto Rolind permit mo to' tako tho gentleman's revenge ?' ' Tho young man paled. It was his father; ''As you aro a bold player, I offer you » bold gamo. It will bo uselosa for you to say that it iH tOr- tiifrli l-Aflrl ' \nA tlin #vn. Avni handed him a- note folded twice. 'Thovioomte glanced over it, and shuddered visibly. ' ' Do you nsoopt?' 'Ho bowed. Tho general seated himself opposite his son; out a king, and dealt the cards. He won the first hand. When it was tho vieomte's deal he trembled slightly, and a strange'light shone in his eyes ; nevertheless he played on. The genoral won again. ' The vioomte rose; pale as a ghost, and in a smothered voioe said':: ''In an hour, bul. I Bhall have acquitted myself.' ' He left tho room without another word. '.On the following- mornincr tJin cnnrfliATin nf tho Bois de Boulogne brought in the body of tho Vicomte Roland. HiB head was blown to pieoes, his hand still grasping the pistol. In a portfolio was found an unsigned Borap of paper, on whioh wer« the words r i : The loser will blow out his brains. : ? ' The pretended Englishman was an accom plished cardsharper, seat by the Prefect of ;PoIioe. The three bows- had been the sign agreed upon between him. and the general to indicate that the vicomte had cheated. 'The game was ono for Wo and death bo v-tvw»~ auuuvi. u.uu ovu. jjuitr wuiu UlallunoUTOQ —tho son by his own aot; the father by the son's. But this dishonour -srm a seorefc, whioh threatened to become an open Bhamo. Death could stifle it — the son's deatS or the father's, for the stern old soldier would himself have disgraced his son had that son not kept their pact. The price of the general's seoreoy was hia son's life.'— Translated for the 'Argo- naut ' from the Frenoh of Edouard Sio beeker. 