DISAPPOINTED AND BETRAYED. ' § 1 For weeks past South Australia has been in Jthe attitude Jbf a [thild with: closed eyes and open mouth, awaiting what the fairies will send it. South Australia has got her plani, but it tastes bitter, and if swallowed will-be followed by numerous -ills. - -The people' hav-e awakened to a severe disappointment. They were led to form great expectations about the new tariff, but behold the huge mountain has been ija kbor ( |nd brought forth a mouse. , .The long looked-for tariff pleases neither friend' nor foe, pi s'the Government. The^additional income raised Jby . it -might /be free hpr .jFkirf;jtr^der, is filled with adi^iratioii for the Ministerial descrimination displayed. The tariff is a composite and contradictory production of a Ministry who have attempted to reconcile'pHriciplfe Shd polifyaiid-faileH in both. They started with the announcement that the time has arrived to protect local industries. They believed the principle good and necessary, and the country demanded it. What then ? Have they brought in a tariff as was their bounden 'duty for thd express purpose of encouraging local industries? The list does not answer that end; and if it be said it was intended to, the admission is a confession of ; incompetency.. The tariff does increase the'duties, but al^s ! "in: t6b many instanced the increases are where there should have beea—reductionsj—while -the - remissions —are 11 wher&jtherer.should; hav£ been additions. Like this fabled, old man with his^ss, the Ministry by their p&licy; of concessions all round have disgjusted'all'partifes. 1 (l 1 I - < It is.never too late, however; to mend. It lias' d beenrremarked that, there aire extraordinary difficalties against ' ; producing a satisfactory tariff at the outset. The Ministry are laymen t dealing with a host of- highly technical , subjects,; but against this there is the fact that the Government have, quite . a regiment of able officers to procure whatever information they need. If the Ministry are disposed to hide behind this plea of the utter inability of any ;six .gentlemen-odtslde-of trade to meet -the exact requirements of every trade, the hope may. be. entertained that they will see the. error of their ways and penitently return to . first principles. Any article which is taxed less than fifteen per cent, cannot, as a rule, be said to be protected. The evidence rather tends d to the conclusion that this is less than is absolutely necessary to the starting of new industries, the very purpose of a discriminating tariff. In the case of boilers, fifteen per cent, is satisfactory, owing .to the size representing £3 or £4 a ton freight to: the importer. But to place a mere- ten per cent, duty on engines or axle arms, is to mock the manufactureratid irritate the consumer. It would Tie far wiser to increase the duties, on those articles which ojight to be made here, to twenty per cent, than to accept the present increases,, at the same time retaining duties of numerous little lines which cannot be, made here. The duties :on such things as nails,-screws, boiler tubes, 1 and raw material generally, should- be taken off and' J addied to' the nianufactured articles. If this central principle of protecting local ld. industries had been borne in mind, the tariff would not have been remarkable for its incoherency, its inconsistency, its anomalies and its absurdities. We should., riot then have had the numerous just grievances which have _been _published. Our engineers would not have been found complaining that the duty had been placed on the articles they did not make, acid remitted on those they did. Nor would our sailmakers find tarpaulins and tents -protected^ - while sails were admitted free; nor our ropemakers that:vtfhile cordage' is dutiable, rope with sails is free: The. Protectionists have very .good ground., -to cry '" Save us from our - friends.'' Wlieb they admitted the present Ministry to discipleship, jt wAs little thought that they would be betrayed with a kiss. - To some it looks as if the seemingly protective tariff is calculated to >do Protectionism more harm than the hottest diatribes of freetrade. Without tch doubt, through what appears in some instances to :be sheer ignorance, in others gross carelessness, and in a further number want of consistency, the instrument of triumph has been converted for the other side into a figure of ridicule. Admitting this, it would, however, to s^y that the cause of frtotection hsfsbdeh offiiciallyy if imperfectly, recognised by the/'tariff.,; This is a decided Myfflice." . Fot^lwhat' -recognition .hfts. beeh/ : giwn we have "to tnarik' the popular party of which this Ministry is not the best possible mouthpiece. In spite of tffiTstrong assertions of . kofiae : to th& \- r <S0ntrary, we ' beUeve^' the. tariff, improved in pririciple,and detail certainly, will be adopted by the House. • It is to the good practical sense of the Committee that the countrv now finally appeals. 1 For revenue purposes, first and foremost, let the luxuries of 'the well-to-do classes' be equally increased, sparing the working classes, who already bear ,a disproportionate share of taxation. For the encouragement of local industries, let those industries which are chosen for protection be suitable ones, and then protect them thoroughly. Half and half measures are fatal to the object, and injurious to the cause. If protection is worth having it is worth being introduced properly. Having chosen it, as they have done, by accepting the present Ministry, the House must feel itself pledged to give the time-honored and world-wide form of encouraging local industries, by means of the Customs, a full and fair trial. RBCETVED.—Fart 6, " Forest Flora," which 1 Is about the best copy yet turned out. " Orenham's Monthly Turf Register." ,.. . ON . Wednesday;, night a :slight •thunderstpEm, parsed over Port Adelaide. The lighting was very vivid; but only a few'slight showers of rain fell. ' G&AVELT; says the'Sydney EveningNeu>8:—"The yoimg man who fell through, the roof of the Royal Arcade yesterday is in very low spirits." But for this announcement one would expect him to be larking .with the monkeys at the Zoo, or gaily sportiflg around at a suburban muffin scramble.-—Sydney Bulletin. AT" the "Woodsolle lnstitute on Wednesday^veu-: ing last a very enjoyable so.cial in connection .with St. Margaret's Church was held, Mr. D. Bowes, M.P., presiding." After'a capital tea,. songs, reciattions, readings, &c.;, were contributed by Messrs. Thow, Nash, and Taplin, and several ladies added greatly to the enjoyment of the evening by vocal : -and instrumental performances. Mr.' Di - Bews, M.P., gave a comic reading, "The Stair-head Battle," which caused much merriment. It is intended to celebrate the quarterly meetings in future in a similar manner as this one, which will tend to promote intercourse between the members and friends of the church. THE Commercial Wharf despening contract, being cirried out by Mr. W. Jacobsen, is a larger one than was at first anticipated. The bottom i s very uneven, and when the dredgers are alongside "the wharves the silt falls down from underneath to the extent of some hundreds of tons. The work will last, uhder present circumstances, about; two months longer, but if the stuff continues to fall at the same rate, from underneath the wharf it will probably take an extra' month to complete. All thematerial raised is of good quality, and is beingdeposited on the Eann-street-wharf, Birkenhead, thus reclaiming and filling up Rann-street, a twochain road. AT the Port Corporation meeting held yesterday, Or. Malin gave notice of motion for next meeting that lights be placed at intervals of not less than 200 feet on all streets running parallel with and alongside the wharves. This is a move in the right direction, and if the motion is carried there is no doubt that cases of drowning at'the Port will be less frequent, and inquests feWer. It will be remembered that this question has been brought on by the same Councillor for the last two or three years, he recognising the great necessity for such an expenditure, and with more or less success. At the beginning of the present year on his proposition there were several lamps erected on roads abutting on the wharves, among which were Honey-street, Santo-parade, down by the Dock, and at Robinson Bridge. It is to be hoped he will be equally successful with the present motion as he was with the last. Cr. Malin has also asked for a return showing the amounts received from the lighting rate and the amounts expended on lights during the last three years, so there may be expected a good discussion at the last Council meeting. Is their report in another column Messrs. Old ham & Son -write upon the vexed question of outer harboir^' in -which SemaphoreanS,arid in fact, ail South Australians, are evincing greatihterest, IN; the arbitration case between 'Messrs.: Harvey and 'K^g'andtheMarine Board; in, which Mr. T. Hack acted as abitratorto jte fcma^,;,while Mr.H. W; Thompson acted for theIatter,Mr. R. J. Thriifer, S.M.,-as referee, or u^&e;, tT^^rbiteators-decided in. favor of the Board' on all points, eachparty paying their own costs.'"' • THE following, from the BoardofTrade, read-at the Marine Board meeting yesterday, -will be tbf considerable interest to others beaidesthe engineers now sitting in conference in "She" 3?pwn~BaIl;— r "From and after the date of this notice service as fourth engineer in foreign-goingeteamera, where more than four engineers are carried, tbeirnames being entered-oh the articles in iheir respective rating, may be accepted qualified withservice as second or third engineers, to qualify the candidate forexamination for a first-class engineer'scertificate, provided he has, during the.wholeofsuch service, been in possession Of a second-class engineer's certificateXlmperial or under order in Council) and provided be was occassionally in charge or a watch turn and turn about with the second or third engineer. In case's " coming within the above conditions, eighteen months.'service as fourth engineer :of steamers in the foreign' trade may be accepted as equivalent to twelve -months' service as second or third engineer, required by the regulations. Service in a capacity below that of fourth engineer cannot be accepted as qualifying for any class of certificate unless the testimonials of the candidate explicitly certify that during such service he has been taking Watch in the engine room, "aud that the chief engineer <or superintending engineer considers him properly qualified by the •experience to act as .first engineer pi a foreign-going steamer of ninety-nine horse-powe* nominal. In any case the applicant must prove that he has had the responsible charge of an engine or boilers on watch for at least twelve months of sea service, of whichior not less than six months he must have been in charge of the propelling engines. When the workshop service has been performed in a place where steam engines are not made, and the class of irork done is similar to that required in enginemaking. . the .service may be accepted with, anadditional year in the engine-room ; that'is, three .years workshop service and two years in the engine-' room, of which one year must haveioen at sea." CONCERT.—In the Town Halllast night a concert •was given" which, if it was not highly successful financially, was decidedly satisfactory to the audience^ Mr. L. M. Tier, who : has < made >himself •conspicuous in administering and providing relief for the poor of the Port, went to work in a thoroughly business-like manner to get up this concert, the receipts of which ire to be devoted to the relief of the Port poor. The hall was granted free of charge by the Corporation, so that one expense would be avoided, counterbalancing,' perhaps, the number of empty seats. Messrs. Rogersou and Pye played the overture in a masterly manner, after which Rev. Canon Green addressed the'(audience. He referred-to the way in'which subscriptions had flowed in from .the public, and said they owed their hearty thanks to Mr. Tier for the -present entertainment. It "was only one instance - of many in which Mr. Tier had- rendered valuable assistance to Port Adelaide. "The Bugler," by Mr. McFarlane, was -nicely sung. '• '- Miss Williams capitally rendered " The Three Old Maids of Lee." A Scotch dance by Prosessor Denholm was. well performed. Mr. G. Bishop hatl to respond to an . encore, and gave "Oh, Maria.'.' . Our popular; singers, Miss Nellie Peel,' Miss Ada Filsell, and Mr. D. Eunson respectively sang "It was a dream," "The Drunkard's Lone Chili," and "Jessie, the Flower of Dunblane," in a 'capital manner. Mr.' P. Alstyne recited " Progress of Madness," and Mr. G. Filsell sang " The Outlaw." Mr. Harrison danced the sailors' hornpipe in a masterly manner. Miss Nellie Peel sang "Away to the Woods," Herr Knick "Ths Bridge," and Mr. L. M. Tier gave " Miss Brady's Piano-for-tay," and responded to a vociferous encore with "The Chap that Spouts," creating loud applause. Mr. Pye, in a pleasing manner, rendered "The little Hero," the programme concluding with the farce "A Ghost in a Pawnshop." The characters were—Mr. Coldsmith, Mr. G. Bishop; Jake, Mr. J. Veasey; office boy, Mr. L. M. Tier; policeman, Mr. G. Filsell. Mr. J. W. Channon acted as accompanist. The Southern Star Brass Band played selections in thejatreet prior to the entertainment, their services being also rendered gratuitously. A woman hunted two hours for a needle she had dropped on the floor, and couldn't find it, and then her husband came in, and had hardly taken his boots off before he could tell where it was. Queer howjnen do things that women can't. The 35,000,000 of British people annually consume upwards oi 300,000,000 quartern loaves, 93,000,000 cwt.. of .potatoes, 17,000,000 cwt. of vegetables, 30,000,000 cwt of meat, 700,000,000 lb. of fish, 5,000,000 cwt. of butter, 2,000;000,000 lb.: of-Sugar,; 170,090,000 lb. of tea, 1,000,000,000 gaL of beer, 37,000,0 '0 gaL of spirits, and 14,000,000 of wine, the]total cost to consumers being about £500 000 000 or, if we take the net or national expenditure about £349,000,900.. ' . A_ sailor, who had been for several years on a foreign station, and had hardlyever been ashore,asked to. have a trip on land, and proceeded to Alverstroke, where for the first time he witnessed a funeral. When he returnedonboardat ni^ht he could talk of nothing but what he had seen in the churchyard. " Why, what do you think they do with the dead 'corpses ashore?" he asked jbf a shipmate.' " How should I know ?" replied the other. "Well, Bill," said Jack, "may I never stir, but they puts 'em up in boxes and directs 'em. 