THE COCKROACH GAME. He entered the office of the Superinten dent of Police with a black eye, a skinned nose, and other evidence of total depravity, and without waiting to be asked whether he bad been knocked down by an ice waggon or run over by a butcher cart, be led off with : ' It was off up this way, on some street, or other, and I was never -go misused in my life. I'm a square man, and all I want is a square deal and a fair show.' 4( Well, I sat there drinking a glass of beer, when in comes a chap with eyes like peeled onions and a nose which gave him away 40 rod-t off. He had two cockroaches in a b»x, and he was a tricky man.' ' What was bis game ?' ' It was to draw a circle about two feet across oc the table with a piece of chalk, and then dump the cockroaches in the centre. He'd select one and I the other, and whichever roach ran over the circle first took the money. Say, it looked like a square deal.' ' yes.' ' Well, I put down a dollar and selected the cockroach with a sort of wart over Ms left eje. The insects clawed around for a while and acted like cats in strange garret. Then his roach travelled off about a foot and wheeled and came back. Then mine squinted his right eye and made a break. He saw the cold lunch on the table 10 feet away, and he was after it.' ' He'd got within six inches of tbe chalkline and was a climbing for a Lini bur^er cheuse, when the eiran^rur he ups and hauls off with a beer glass and knocks mv roach into the middle of next January.' ' What for ?' ' Why, he claimed tbat I had rubbed my end of (be table with taffy ! f never did it ! Stranger, I'm square — square as a hole in a grindstone. 1 grabbed tbe stakes and be grabbed me. He got tbe money and I got a licking. Can you do anything for me?' ' No more than to advise you to get a warrant.' ' Squire, I can't do it. I'm on my way to Chicago and can't tarrj to fool with the law. If that's the beet you can do then good-bye. I'm a square man and never kick if I have half as how. I don't care particularly for tlie dollar, nor for this black eye and abused uose, but, eay, if that wasn't the brutalest, cold-bloodest way to serve a poor cockroach then may I be called a kicker V —Detroit Free Press. Two young married ladies meet. — ' Well, how is your husband ?' ' He is not at all well, my dear. I assure you I am quite uneasy about him.' ' Poor dear ! I am very sorry for you. Of course, I quite understand your anxiety. You never did look well in black !' All the ghost, murder, and explosion stories had been told, and then a grizzly old captain took a fresh chew of tonacco and obierved : ' The narrowest escape I ever see was that of a man who came in the hold of a vessel loaded with pig iron. He crept into the boat when she was empty and went to sleep, and when they came to load her they covered him up with iron. I Suppose there wasn't more than 500 tons of the stuff on top of him, and be was in tbat position for seven or eight days with nothing to eat or drink. When they got down to him they took him out, and 8 more surprised lot of dock-wallopers you never See.' ' How did he work it ?' was asked. 'Work what?' 'Why, how did he escape being crushed f ' ' He was crushed. He was as flat and thin as that there sail.' ' I don't see where the narrow scape comes in then,' said the lineman. ' Well, I do,' continued tbe narrator, ' and so would you if you had seen them just take him out through a seam in the side of the boat.' Then the meeting broke up. — Detroit Free Press. 