THE TASMAXIAN TREATY. TO TIUS EDITOtt 01' TUE AGE. bin,— i think yon will admit, now that tho at tention of the public has been drawn to tho Tasraanian treaty, it is just as well that its ob jects nud capabilities should be thoroughly dis- l cursed. It would be moro thau a mistake to commit tho colony to the step iuvolved iu the treaty, if after experience should provo that the experiments had seriously endangered or under mined any of our leading industries. And if this position be truo with regard to other ini portant industries, it is especially truo with re gard to tho farming industry. For though most people will he disposed to admit without hesit;i- tiou the general principles enunciated by Mr. Berry at the farmers' deputation cu Friday last, 11 that statesmen bad to look at questions as thoy affected tho wholo community,' and 44 that individuals and even classes might suffer some what for a time when any national mbvemont took place," the gentlemen addressed and moro particularly concerned might have very natur ally replied in tbo lauguage of Horatio — uThero needs no ghost, my lord, come from tho grave to tell us this " What the farmers want, and what I apprehend tbo other industries affected want, is to reduce tho suffering to a minimum; 44 the national movements" may ugo as you please," so long as that object is attained. How then does Mr. Berry, admittedly a friend to the farmers, propose to effect this end, assuming that Parliament will sanction the proposed treaty? Tho farmers maintain that while at the present timo tho prices realised on their produce do afford them a margin of profit, however small, tho reduction in prices produced by a "flooding" of the market would render fanning absolutely un re munerative throughout tho colony, with tho consequent and disastrous results. To this it has been answered that there can be no fear of such a "flooding" from Tasmania, and statistics are quoted in support. 44 But," eay tho fanners, 44 it is not Tasmania we fear so much. The treaty will open the door to New Zealand, and what we most fear iB that Tas mania will become a sort of condict pipe for the surplus grain of tho New Zealand farmers." lu reply to this Mr. Berry, whilo ho promises that btringeiiD regulations will be framed to prevonfc this undesirable result, admits that the contingency referred to does not form olio of the elements of the treaty," ond that if such nn evasion coul 3 bo practised tho treaty would ho a failure. What comfort are the formers and their dependents to take from this assu rance? And what comfort is thorc here for tho owners of the toil, which has steadily in creased in value ever since tho introduction of the present tariff, which is 6o high at present that the tenaut farmers of Warrnambool pay £6 per ucre for tho season's crop? In finding an answer to theso questions, and to many others suggested by a full consideration of tho treaty, tho farmers of this colony, with thoir keen senso of what is solid and practical, will doubtless weigh the whole matter care fully and fairly; and it is not too mnch to say that, when tbey havo assured them selves of the safely of their most important and valuable industry, they on their part will not bo backward iu helping on that broad national movement of which Mr. Berry spoko when he suggested :> its outcome the final federation of the Australian colonies. — Years, &a;, C0ASLE8 JAMES TO US. \- Cfcarauy-iuM 13th JIUr. . 