HIS ONE MISTAKE, -4- By BERTHA. M. CLAY. -4---. CIHAPI'ER LXVI.-(CONTIxUED.) "It looks like a place to be haunted," said Lord Carsdale; "still, a sea- washed jetty is ather a strange place for a ghost. What lind of ghost is it ?" "Well, you know, sir, of couree it is no ghost-there is no such thing; but I tell you one thing, none of our young people would come here after dark, and I do not mind Eaying that I have often hada turn myself." "What is it, then I" asked Lord Caredale. "To tell you the truth, sir," said the old man, "it is a lady. I think some great trouble has driven her mad. She looks like it." "What does she do?" continued Lord Carodale, growing interested. "Well, she never comes here, sir, before the gloaming, and she is 60 shadowy, eo still, so white, and so beautiful, that people have a kind of dread of her. I have seen her often enough, and her lace is quite transparent; it is like marble with the moon shining on it. She seems always to come with the gloaming, asd she goes away with the great darkness. She site right at the end of the jetty, there where the water touches those blackarches. I went to her once," continued the old man, see ing that his listener was interested. "I said to myself there was nothing to be afraid of, and Iwent to her. "Are you not afraid of the waves?" I said to her; and, sir, I almost fell back into the sea myself when she raised her face and looked at me. I did not know that there could be such a face in all the world." "What was it like?" asked Lord Carsdale. "It would take one more clever than I am to tell that. It was like nothing I have ever seen on this earth; it was beautiful, like the face of an angel in a picture, and it was filled with sorrow. It did not look as though she had cried-the grief on it was past all tears; and yet there was a strange light, a curious strange light. I said to her, "Are you not afraid of the waves?" and then she looked as I told you. It took me some time to get over that look. Then I said: "When they reach these black arches they aredangerous," I said 'Yes, I know," she replied; and, for me, such a voice waS worth hearing; it was sweet and end as a cooing dove. "Do you know," I eontinued, "that danger in this case means death?" "Yes, I know it," she answered. "You need not trouble about me. Do you see this mark here?" She raised her hand Euch a white hand, sir, like a snow-flake-and she pointed out to me a great black notch in the wood. "You see this ?" she repeated, and I said "Yes." "I shsll sit here," she said, "night after night until the waves reach here, and when they reach here I shall die. Oh. welome death I Oh, beautiful death I I shell die; it will not be suicide; I shall not kill myself ; but the waves will carry me so gently out to sea-so gently so sweetly I" Sir, I drew back, frightened at her; neither her face nor her voice were like anything earthly. That was more than two weeks since; now I watch her, and I have my boat ready. If ever I see her in danger, I shall do my best to Esveher." "It is a strange story," said Lord Cars dale. "All the young people are shy of going near the jetty. It used to be a famous place for love.making: now, when that silent figure steals s0 gently and quietly along, every one vanishjs as though by magic." "What time do you say the poor lady comes?" asked Lord Carsdale. "Only in the gloaming sir; only in the gloaming," said the old man, as he walked away. CHAPTER LXVII. WON AT LerT. "Ceould it e Ailie ?" Lord Carsdale ked himself the question over and over again. - Why had his thoughts flown to her at once ? why should that strong, swift, keen, secret eonviction have seized him-that it was she, andno one else? It seemed to him, now that he thought of it, natural enough that the should come to Fernbay-the one happy day of her life had been spent here. Could it be Ailie, this woman of unearthly beauty, who was only waiting until the green waves reeched that blacknotch and carried her away? lelooked after the old man, wishing that he had made further inquiries, that he had asked more about her, that he had tried to make out where she came from. Then he said to him eelf that he would wait until the gloaming and see for himself. Suddenly he remembered that he could not wait-hehad promised to send a telegram, and he most do it at once ; he could return as soon as the gloaming fell. He went, despatched his business, and re turned. The gloaming had fallen then, a dight silver mist hung over the sea; the waves ran smoothly, they were crested with white foam; the wind was still, and eemed to brood over the water rather than stir it. It was so dark. as he walked up that lonely jetty, that he could hardly see; then, as he drew nearer-down at the farther end, oppo ite to the black arches, and watching them inently-he saw the silent, solitary figure of fe0maan, In his after life Lord Caredale could hardly describe what followed; it seemed to him that that vwry moment he passed from the reoioos of commonplace and common life into those 'of romance-the darkening night, the long, low wash of the waves, the heaving of the silent sea, the line of lights in the distance, the tall white cliffs standing so erect and do.e fisnt, the lonely jetty with the sea break ing over it, and that one figure watching so in tently. SCouldit be Ailie? He stood and watched -how long he never knew, he could never tell;' The darkness crept on apace; the great ruby light at the end of the jetty sent out a strange, livid flame; still the silent figure sat there, watching the dark arches, and Lord Carodale stood quite still, watching it. \+ Then came a strange, sweet sound-at first he thought it was the distant musie; then it grew so strange, so mad and sweet, he could have believed the old fable of the mermaid; then he recognized the air-a favourite dreamy German melody, called "The Lonely ;"it esemed to float over the waves, and die away in their murmur. It was Ailie singing-he knew the voice. He was quite certain of her then, and he thanked Heaven for the instinct that had led him to find her. He said to himself that he must be cautiouns; perhaps what they said about her was true- that her great esorrow had driven her mad; and he must not dis trees her by suddenly speaking to her. He went nearer to her, and the shadow that the ruby light threw on the jetty was at her feet, but she never saw it. Then, more cautiously still, he went near her, and looked in her face; it was Ailie-but, great Heaven; how changed, how wan, how white Her face, as the old man said, was transparent-it was unearthly in its clear transparency; the sor row that filled it was not of the kind that sends relief in tears. He saw thatshe looked neither to the right nor the left, that she never took her eyes from the great notch on the black arches. He pictured to himself the clear, green waves rising slower higher and higher, until they covered the sweet, sad face, and bore her away with them. The picture troubled him so greatly he dare not be silent any longer. What if she rose suddenly and walked from the end of the jetty into the sea? He stood before her-hetouched her gently, and called her by name. "Aiie I "he said; "Ailie' my wile I" There was no madneos in the gaze she turned on him, nothing but unutterable srd ness-nnntterable sorrow. She did not seem surprised to see him ; perhaps she had thought so much about him tilat it gave her no surprise to osee him there. Her foee could grow no wihiter than it h¢d done, but a strange light came into her eyes. She never dreamed that he was there for any other purpose b?t to blame her. She claeped her hands and looked into herface. "I did not betray you, Lord Carsdale," she said. "I did not tell one single word. I would not' have spoken ii they had killed me." Then she looked from him to the dark arches, where the waves rose slowly. " Ailie," he said, gently. "will you tell me what you are doing here?" "Yes," she replied. "I am waiting until the water re?achd that rock, then it will carry me away." "You know that will be suicide," he said. "I do not think so; the soft, green waves will fetch me--I asll not throw mysrlf in." * "But, Ailie, why do you wish to die?" he asked. "Because my miserable life stands between you and your happiness," she replied; "be cause life is bitter, and death is sweet." "My darling Ailie-my dear wife-listen to me," he said. "I have followed you here, t I have looked for you everywhere, because I want to tell you that at last I have learned to love you-and that I want you to try and be happy as my wife." There was no rapture of love in the pale face, no light such as he had dreamed his words would bring there, no gleam of joy. She looked at him with gentle, mournful dig nity. '"You forget," she said, "you told me that you loved Lady Ethel." There was no reproach, no anger in her tones; nothing but the most gentle incredu lity. li know it," he said; "but Ailis, listen to me. I have come so far to see you, my darling; make room for me by your side." She drew aside her dress, and he sat down by her. "I want to tell you, Ailie, how your heroism has touched me. My darling, take your eyes from that terrible rock; the clear, green waves shall never take you away-your only home shall be henceforward in my heart. Ailie, you said once, long ago, that love wins love; and it is true. Your great love for me has won love from me." Stilm she looked at him, and said: "It is Lady Ethel you love, not me." "My darling wife, what must I say to con vince you that it is you whom I love, and no other? Lady Ethel and I have parted;: we shall not meet again; and I gave up my life to seeking for you, just as now I shall give it up to making you happy." "It cannot be true," she said, musingly. "Itis true, Ailie. I cannot even tell you when I began to think so much about you; I frankly own that it puzzled me myself; I did not believe it was possible that I was learning to love you. Your faoe touched me; the sweet, sad eyes haunted me; the sound of your voice never left me, and I said to myself I must be learning to love my wife at last." He took the two cold, white hands in his. "Then, when I came hack-I was only so short a time absent, Ailie-when I came back, and I found that my beautiful wife had nud denly become a heroine, that for my sake, be cause she would not betray me, she had en dured 'insult and calumny- that she had sacrificed even her fair name for me by re fusing to:justify herself at my expense. I said to myself, my wife is a heroine, the greatest heroine of all; there is no one like her.. Quite suddenly, my darling, you be came invested in my eyes with every great arid glorious quality-with endurance, with patience, with fortitude, with self-denial. What love was this? I said to myself; the world had seen none like it-so beautiful, so brave, so devoted I And, Alle, while I stood listening to what my mother said about you, my heart seemed stirred with a new, sudden, great love-a love that swept through my whole being like a flame, before which all other love faded, and I said to myself, 'I will make myself worthy of my wife.' She looked up at him timidly. , "It is really true, Lord carsdale, that you love ore ?-that you wish to be worthy of me ? -is it really true?" "It is quite true, Alie. Let me tell you something else. Ihave been to Rudeswell, and have made them allhappy there. I have told them who I am, and all about our marrisge. I have done the same thing at home, so that there need be no more secrecy." Some little colour had come into the beauti ful face, a lovely colour that came and went; the unearthly light faded from her face, and something of human interest came into it. "I have been here so long;" she said, " waiting for death, that my eyes are dazzled with the great, strong light oeternity. What did Lady Waldrove say? She was veryangry, I know. I tremble when I think of her." - "She was angry, and my father, too; but, my darling Aile, I am oiomg to take you to Austria; and when we have been there a few years they will forret nil anger, nod be glad to see me back again." Hs spoke more cheerfully than he felt on that one subject. Then he told her all that Lady Ethel had said. "Now will you believe that I love you, my wife? If yon knew how ashamed I feel of all my cowardice, how angry I have been with myself for my want of courage, you would forgive me. Believe that I love you, my darling wife, when I give up with a smile everything man holds most dear-country, home, friends, parents, all for the one true love of my life." . There was a lingering look of incredulity on herface, bdt as he clasped herin hisarms, and covered her face with passionate tears, it vanished never to return. She held. her hands for one minute above her head, then ahe said: "Ithank God that He has gtven me the desire of my heart." The stars eame out in the dark sky, the moon shone on the waters, and long hours had passed before they quitted the solitary pier. It was not the same Ailie; those who had feared her before would not know her now; all the sorrow and sadness had passed from her beautiful face, and it was bright with the happiest love. It seemed to her that no one had ever been so happy before, or so blessed. She asked so many questions about home-whather father and mother hadsaid? what Iose's lover was like? was all the grand news over Frank true? And Lord Caredale, seeing how deeply it interested her, never wearied of telling her every detail of the interview. Two days afterward they started for Vienna, where, in the course of a few months, Lady Carsdale was known as one of the most beautiful and brilliant ornaments of a brilliant court. She was happy beyond all words in her husband's love, and he had learned to value her. CHAPTER LXVIII. ANOELS OF PEACE. Sex years had passed since the terrible day on which the proud Countess of Waldrove had owned, with bitter tears, that the hopes of her life lay buried. Lady Gertrude's marriage was one of the most brilliant cere monies ever witnessed at Rtseneath. The Duke and Duchess of Claverdon were present, and the most elaborate apologies were made for the unavoidable absence of the son and hair. He was in Vienno, and could not get away. Lord Carsdale had sold out of his re. giment before he left England, and the ap pointinst he held in Vienna was a diplomatic The countess owned herself more than con tent with the grandeur of the marriage. Her datighters, the Duchess of Claverdon and Lady Itswdon, visited her very often, bring ing with them blooming children, the eight of whom made her heart ache with longing for her ron. Daring all these years Lsrd Carsdele had not written home. Perhaps had he prayed for pardon and reconciliation, the earl and the countess might have hardened their hea ts asainst him ; as it was, his submission and selance had softened'them. One event had hspened which had brought back all the old bitterness to Lady Waldrove -Lady Ethel had mnarried that most hand. some. irresistible-f all wocnr, Oapaoiu lses. She had become the Counteas of Hurlingham since her marriage, and on each visit to lose. neath she never ceased to weary both earl and counters with importunities to send for their eon soIt was moch nonsense," she said; "the deed was done now. Lord Carsdale had proved himself to be a hero. As forhis wife, the British peerage," she dauntlessly de clared, "did not hold unohanother." There was-nothing but good news from the Derwents. Through the influence of Lord Caredale, Rose's lover, the Reverend Cuthbert Lodes, had been presented with a good living in Yorkshire, where he and his amiable wife lived the happiest of lives. Frank had made his mark, and bid fair to be one of the lead ing civil engineers of the day. John Derwent and his wife had retired to a very pretty little farm in the sunniest part of Kent, where they lived as they had'never hoped to live, and Hettie was with them. Nothing but good news from all parts of the world, and Lady Ailie Caredale rejoiced in it. There came a beautiful spring morning the sun was shining, the balmy air was filled with the perfume of mignonette and lilao. The Earl and Countess of Waldrove sat alone in their breakfast-room at Roseneath Abbey a beautiful room, gay with pink hangings and white lace, fragrant with lovely white hyacinths and jonquile. The sun shone in through the windows, and its light fell on the beautiful flowers, the massive silver, the delicate chins, and fine damask. It was a very pretty and hlxurionus home picture-the countess in her dainty morning-robe and cap of Mlechlin lace, the earl in his dressing-gown -a cozy home picture. Mylady tonuched the white hyacinths, she looked at the green springing mignonette, she lingered over the fragrant tea; and then, with a great sigh, she said to the earl: "I am very lonely; I am very dull." "It is dull," said the earl. "We seem to be lost in this great, empty house. I have felt quite gloomy since Gertrude and her children went away." The same unspoken thought lay deep in the heart of both- an intense longing to have their son near them again. Suddenly the silvery, musical chiming of a child's laughter was heard. Lady Waldrove looked up quickly. "What was that ?" she asked. The earl did not move. "ISome of the servants have little visitors, I should imagine," lie said. But the words died on his lips, for the door suddenly and slowly opened, and then entered the lovelist pair of little children ever beheld. There was a little girl with a face like a rosebud, lovely, laughing eyes, and sweet lips, with shining, golden hair that lay over the whitest shoulders ever seen-a little fairy, fall of grace and dignity. She looked neither to the right nor to the left, but went straight up to the earl, and standing in front of him, raised her lovely, limped eyes to his face. "Will youn please forgive my mamma 1" she said. A handsome, dark-haired boy, with a true Caredale face, and dark, flashing eyes-a frank, bold, brave boy, who won her heart at a glance, went up to Lady Waldrove, and said : " Will you forgive my papa ?" "God bless me l" cried the earl. "Who are these? Who are you, my dear?" " I am Lucie Caredale," said the little fairy. "And I," said the boy, "am Stephen Cars dale-named after my grandfather, the grand old earl." "And who sent you here ?" "Papa and mamma sent as. Papa bide me say he loves you both, and he longs to come home to you. He says you will love mamma when you know her." It was useless for the countess to speak, for the earl had clasped both the pretty mesn sengers in his arms. "I should. refuse the angels of God," he said, "ifI refuse you." " '"Shall you forgive our boy?" said the countess, And the grand old earl, in a faltering voice, said: "I will, I will, as I hope one day to be for given." There was still another surprise for them. Lady Ethel followed the little ones into the room. "I am an uninvited guest," she said; " but, Sam sore, a welcome one. I have brought these dear children. Lord and Lady Cars dale wait outside." The next moment the son was in his mother's arms, and the earl had embraced his son's wife. It was, the prettiest scene ever witneossed, and one -which must have made the angels'smile. They lived happily ever afterward. The countess learned to love very dearly the beautiful, graceful woman who was her son's wife. There was no more popular lady in England than Lady Carsdale; but, when she is speaking seriously, she says there is no greater folly than that of an unequal mar riage. TiB END. 