VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, April 17. A fearful accident, resulting in the death, of an elderly man named Lohemann, occurred at the powder manufactory at Back Creek, Sandhurst, yesterday morning. Lohemann and two lads were engaged about the premises, and some pellets of powder having fallen on a hot pipe used fcr heating the room, they ignited. The fUmes soon spread, and four tins of powder were tired. Lohemann told the two lads to run, which they did, expecting he would follow. Shortly afterwards an ex plosion occurred, which destroyed the greater part of the building. A message was in stantly sent for the Fire Brigade, and after some difficulty the flames were subdued. Lohe* mana's body was found horribly burned and mutilated. It is estimated that there was about Bcwt of powder in the factory at the time of the explosion. William Barnes was found guilty at the Central Criminal Court to-day of the murder of J. B. Slack, at South Melbourne, in Sep tember last, and was sentenced to death. Mexboubne. April 18. A large meeting of German colonists was held in the Fitsroy Town Hall last night to consider the advlsableness of forming a German corps for the defence of the colony. A resolution was unanimously passed in favour of the for mation of the corps, and a committee was ap pointed to take the necessary steps to give it Melbourne, April 20. A case of suspected smallpox has occurred at Hotham Hill Several medical men have seen the patient, a little girl named Richards, and the majority pronounced it to be chicken-pox. The police authorities, however, regard the ease as exceedingly suspicious, and quarantined the house on Saturday, but the Government medical officer, Dr. Shiels, has not seen the patient yet, owing to a disagreement with the focal Board of Health. At the Geelong Police Court to-day the trial of Frank Howarth and Mrs. Beech for the murder of Francis Beech, at Pettavel, in January of last year, was commenced. Beech was shot by a man who entered his bedroom, and the question who was his assailant has since remained involved ia mystery. It has been reported to the Central Board of Health that the girl Richards living at Hotham, and suspected of suffering from smallpox, has really a modified form of that disease. She has not been removed to the sanatorium, but the premises have been strictly quarantined, and all the inmates re* vaccinated. She bad been attending the State school at Hotham up to the time of showing the eruption, and it is impossible to trace the Origin of the outbreak. Several other suspicious. lases are reported in the same locality. Melbourne. April 21. The settling over the Australian Jockey Club's Meeting has progressed very slowly in Melbourne, there being loud complaints at the —ilatoriness of backers. It is rumoured that there will be some trouble over the collection of one or two heavy accounts. The City of Melbourne Bank has declared a dividend at the rate of 10 per centner annum for the past half year, and £20,000 has been carried to the reserve fund, which now amounts to £125,000. Branches are to be opened in the capitals of the other colonies. Melbourne, April 22. The South Australian Jockey Club Meeting is to be held at the Flemington Racecourse on 2nd, 7th, and 9th May. The following are the acceptances for the two principal events:— Goodwood Handicap,— Welcome Jack, Reginald, Blink Bonny, Sardius, Ringwood, Middlemarch, St. Lawrence, Alphabet, Anchorite, Hasard, The Ghost, Kingship, Sir John, Topaz. Duenna. Lord Exeter, Lord Wilton, Umbcrto, Paileroo, Britisher, Ruby, Carbuncle, Ironmaster, Country Boy, Marie Louise, Lantern, Ancas, Berkley. Adelaide Cup—Welcome Jack, Reginald, Ringwood, Off Colour, Blink Bonny, Sardius, Silver King, Madcap, Coriolanus, David, Camerine, Pro metheus, Grace Darling, Plausible, Hilltop, Vergy, Hazard, Kingship, The Broker. Anchorite, Anglesey, Ruby, Britisher, Lord Wilton, Hobart, The Agent, Country Boy, Ancas, Lord Exeter, Gohanna. Melbourne, April 23. A fatal accident happened to-day in the Imperial Company's mine at Buninyong. Two young ladies named Williams and Chap man were going down the shaft to inspect the mine, when, through Miss Williams's dress catching, she fell headlong down the shaft, and U*as killed instantaneously. Miss Chapman Sjsm gjjo thrown off the bucket, but managed to cat— k b(?ld of the ladder and was saved. The 89pn*w4 smallpox patient at Hotham, a little girl n*J*««4 Richards, is now found to be not suffering trm variola. 