.... BRIC-A-BRAC. [Br WmHITE YRTLE.] ....- - ! I' ppose it is onneeessary to inform the readers of-this valuable journal-particularly the readers of this still more valuable column-that on the 24th iind 25th of this month the Pastoral and Agricul taral Society's show will be held at Sandy Gallop. 0' itlbit interesting occasion I understand our Gove.oorwill. "do the amiable"-- that is to say, lihe will 'exprss his pleasure at being present, especially as.he.has heard so much about the agricultural 8allities of the district. Then he willsay that 'heIs agreeably snrpriscd at the excellent show of -; and that a finier display of I- he never saw jn his life, Aod does not expect to see again-in this ibhild, at all events. He will next expatiate upon the advantages springing from such a show and the benefits derivable from becoming a member of the society. Finally, be will bring thiegs to a head by remarking, "I have now much pleasure in declaring this show open to the public." (I may as well men tion here that the above outline--obtained at an enormous expense- is warranted to be a reliable forecast of hie Excellency's speech on the 24th in stant. I say this advisedly; and when I say any thing advisedly you may risk all your shares in the new snteel-manufacturing company on it with safety.) 7, Fricnipal object in writing thin paragraph, how e to tive the municipal and other autoritiosa ¶litleseasouableadvice. hen Sir Anthony came up here, last December, to opoen the other's society's show, the reception accorded him was of a de cidedly thread.bare, faded, all-gone-out-in-the-wash ing eharaster. It was his first visit to the town, too; and I should not have been surprised if I had heard that it would be his last. There were only a few peopleat therailway station to meet him; there wasn't a shred of carpet for him to walk on ; sand, what was worse than all else, there wasn't a ghost of a chehir raised to welcome him to Ipswich. We are a loyal people in this town, and surely we know by this time how to receive dignitaries whom it is Aur duty tohonour. Let it no longer he said of us y it has been-that we do not know how to treat distinguished visitors; and let some hearty cheers on the~4th attest to our pleasure at receiving a visitf the viceroy. Whb& -the last general election brought Mr. Griflith and his adherents into power, great expecta tioni were raised regarding our long-neglected town. I vutoreto osay that a throb of hope was felt in mapy a breast when it was reflected upon that a Ph$poah who did know Joseph was about to reign. Thbe was a good deal of speculation anent the jcosnlof the new Ministry; and a number of eople thought that a district returning seven lihrilm embers should be represented in the Liberal Cabinet. But it was not to be--at all events, it didn''be; and when one or two chances came after waldKt?ieulting the same way, people began to talk. Stih, fheo you look matters fully in the coenten a there does not appear to be much cause for grdmblg on our part. The second section of the B asne Valley line is being gone on with; the double line between Ipswich and Brisbaoe and the oia 'efa will, no doubt, speedily begin to put forth bdls; we are to have a new railway station, a new Oe-mile Bridge, something done to the old Bremer 13ldge. and, best of all, there are the new railway "*erkrohope.' Truly, it seems to me that our lines have fattllen in pleasant places during the last couple of . qa . Beally, ldon't think we ought to com .pln4uo and, what is more, I think that we ought to Ian some steps to show the Ministry that we are gratefil for what has come to our share. Take my Swor4 for it, thoere is notjing lost through being a it d~6dnonatkrtive sometimes. It's a good line to tell a man that you are much obliged to him even when lie is giving you only what is your due. How wrpauld a.hbanqugt do? The date is a matter of detail jlvhh'I leave to others to settle. This suggestion is ,rsdq. because I believe it might, if carried into !*ht , do us some good-at any rate, it would do us .oo harm.; and it would serve to prove that we are nobt enitirely forgetful of favours, r;There does seem to be something rather sick about the result of our last appeal to the money-lenders of the old country. We are iuformed that every pre caution was taken to put the loan on the market at an opportune moment, sod to secure the aid of those mysterious aecessories which inust be taken into considerationin an affair of this kind. Yet, frolau outside point of view, all the care taken seemast hare been useless; and it might he as well to do without it next timne, unless a better outeome is epo)paed. Both Nlw Zealand and South Australia hae pasted round their hats for conoribotions, and they have notpanssed in vain. Certaiuly the amounts biey craved fbr were only about' half of what we wanted to make our lives happy; and it is also understood that by-and-bye we shall ask for three times as much more. These facts no doubt had great weight when the tenders for our loan were beiesmade up, and the Russa-Afgho-Gladsto husi ness pitiably did nothelp it much; but, even whenc all these things are thrown in, there is a good deal left unaccounted for. New Zealand is a smanll place when compared with ourcolony; she has nio immense mining and pastoral industries, as we have, and, besides, isuep to her neck in debt. South Australia is no great shakes, eitlher. She is, I think, twenty threeyears olderthan Queensland; but her resonrcen cannot be compared with ours, and, judging from statistics, she seems to be within easy coo-ee of finsnial.atagnation. Yet the latter colony sails in, aflr the tnglish purse had been relieved of about eight-nillions by colonial borrowers, and gets an averasgebf £100 8s. lid. for every £100 she applied for. More than that, one syndicate was willing to advance the whole of the required loan. And this, too, whild the fate of the South Australian Mlinistry is being decided I By the humpof thesacredeamel, a little explanation would be very acceptable, morie particularly as a quarter of a niillion won't go far when loans to public bodies and compensation for asault and battery by the railway authorities come out pof it. Here goes to point a moral. A poor woman living in England, whose weekly earnings amount to 14s. per week-upon which sum she supports herself and three children-recently disobeyed a magistrate's order to contribute 18d. per week towards the main tenance of a fourth child in loan industrial school. Of course the next move was in the shape of a distress warrant, bot,as there were no effects worth mention ingto distress upon, the delinquent was yanked off to gaol for fourteen days; while the three children were rsent to bask in the sunshine of the nearest work-house. That woman probably hIolds comr mapoistic views by this time. I think I should under such circumstances; or else decide to be a red-a very red-republican. Not much wonder that people emigrate from the old country when they are liable to suffer such an experience as I have hinted at. And it's all to be had in free merry England at less than cost price--no deceptionl I A theatrical star could visltEnglndandgatherin the "duat" pretty well all the way from the Cheviot Hills to Land's End. It's the old story-" to him (or her) that hIath shall b'egiven." A misssionary come to England from Siberia, Terra del Fuego, Victoria Land, or Inais beyond the Ganges. He esolicite aid, and, if Iaebs backed up by influential persons, his tour is a grand financial sucess. lndeed, all sorts of agencies are. now established for christianizing the heathen anm generally benefiting alien races whom we never saw and never may see. But what about our own flt n blood-those who live in the great English oitt~f: What about those who struggle on, year after year, with just enough food to keep body and sou-t-ogethert There are thousands of ach people -thousands whose life consists merely of an inter elisable fight against death, and whose little ones, like the ravens, cry ad anuffer huooer- tbousaend whose only home is "the dnark arch. ' whose grave is fbund in "the black flowing rirer." What abot thniini Too osten, I am ufraid, a deaf car is turosid to their wail of sorrow. I treust that we in tries?.e colonies will not fall into a similar crror. Our own poSt aad our own heathcn shouuld hare a prior cl-hin upon us. LWhen their waots ut ave ieen supplied, thenit will be time enoghlio o thisik of esinistering to strangers. Smne veryinteresting ,lemonstratioss in canu,:etisso witlllying-machines (says tFriday's S. 3#. Jfes·s/i wcrse gicen by Mr. L. Hargrave at a ieetiingof the hoyal Hnciety, on Tlmurday nighlt. Mr. Hargrave eoxhibitsd several models, and though, lie explairned, he haIls notbeCCUn successful in makiang aoy tilh:t woouriu aitais. veiscal fliglt, Ihe ad Ihh lln l o ifar lu ccesslul as to sauce theit to fly in a jimn hsesl d'irection. iii aneahiines flew from his lands tihe .sotiva pouser IsIcds being indiaruiher bands. Tlhe sisls so the li illhilsl. wre eflat, anid llade of paper, as were als t?ie wilgs.ll AMterlcilsagthe Ibetsosetf Mr. lluargavcuthic L ite.::.:; sifaplsd their wig withs st life- likt miioinli, aIl cover ,l a distance if 20ft. or :lOft. T'lie d o.rsmi stlatici .r:'i regilsled mith a grelt dcri oi intlssre.t,i ai1d ?.1h. Its. grave was elsiden I Os, Irosve mude a eoueidcmhsle adeasce inseoictiic roesarsh. 