TRAINING NOTES. FLEMINGTON, TCBSD.IT. There was a lot of serviceable exercise gone through this inoniiog-. The weather was doll, with a heavy atmosphere. Prestwich was early out with his hones. Remus, on the new track (which is now excellent going), was doing nice striding exercise, followed by Marie Louise and Cyclops; others of the team ^oing slowly. Coffey's head man had Scaramouch, Genoa, Fernleo, Bebus, Indian Queen, Honeycomb, Girofla, ahd Bt Lawrence working in pairs on the sand for useful work-the lot looking healthy and welt Chifnoy was on the ground with a por tion of his lot, and be cent Lesbia a good working gallop on the tan. the daughter of Tim Whiffler going with determination. Mrs, Jarley was bowliqg along at half-pace on the same track, «wu vwntui^ MtVMK wv VH «M« DUIUD WttUA) Hazard working slowly, us also Boyal Maid, Edith,1 and Egbert. Later in the morning, Denmark, Equity, Goodwood, Ace, Chatswortb, and Incident (toe latter i br.ngfuUbrfithcrto Hazard) were doing mealum-paoe exercise. Tutiy WAS 6b tie tracks early with hia horses. A black colt, toll brother to Cupola, looks a smart one. whilst Tissue exorcised. Hopejown, Oecropg, E.D., and a oonple'of other* were nil doing fair-pace work. M'Namara sont 1/ord Wilton, who is looking In good form, for half-pace exercise, The Bishop, Childe, Harold, and Manfred follow ing suit. Nicholson old long, strong work with Coronet, #nd daudian cantered. Morri son's noises were all treated to slow exercise, including Donoastcr, Uncas, St. Odille, Austral, Pol wont, and Bamonr. Borstals two year olds strode along for eerrt&ftlae; work, vis.. Mistral and Jiavy ?lae. Davis wm treating the King of the BUig Isle.mare to good wore, as also Buttress. Chloe screwing on the aand wbore Baton Neokar and the Housemaid colt worked. Jellett bad Perch an oe going along slowly for long oxerclee, Commotion was ooingsome capital preparatory worlc pn the eanS, *9'""nK on the tan, wlHlst Plaoilble oanfcrefl, Ajrswal strode along » couple o( two-year-old Uranus, were on the tracks";lhc strode a oouple of rouuds on the sand for soumo «oric. Mahon was doing good excrcwc with PCM" Reprise, Suneroft, Haveloclc, and others of lus team. A. L. Johnson had a string of 16 at work, vis-, lana stioker, Little King-, Footman, Dunlcary, Plato, He call, Phosphorous. Garrvowen, and half a dozen others. Murphy was cantering Middlcmarch, ana the Btceplechasc mare Tissy was doing cxcrcise. . ?" W. D-ikin was cantcrincr some of his two v Mr. ear olds, Tlie Pencil, who was walking, having' done pood pice work on the previous after noon. Kit Kubblos strode round tho ground for a nice working gallop. Off Colour and Waiting Maid did long exercise on the tan; Lucky Hit can terod on the sand; and First Prince, I.O.U., anu Itii'K niastcr worked at a medium pace. The two-year-olds, Worcester, The Fopper, and The Marcliiness filly were doing long excrciso, brushing home strongly. The Bey, Alphabet, and Evie exercised ; and Tozer s Amateur, a three-vear-old Gratis colt, and Lottie wore dofng ditto.". Bafhuret did some half-pace work on the tan, and Ycrgy, with Stornoway, were doing some good pace excrciso, the last time round on the sand. Agatha did a long canter, as also a five-year-old St. Albans' niare. '' he Adelaide division, oon*isting of a tcini of eleven horses, were alt at work. The Israelite, who looks big and well, was on the sand for a couple of turns, the last circle at a brisk pace. The Derby favourite Newstoad, in company with Signor, also strode a couple of times round the same track, both horses going freely and well; Helenc was doing some nice exercise alone, as also Belmont. The two year olds Lara, Maddelina, and Repose were doing steady work, and Anarchy exercised. The steeplechasers Boo Cooper and itobert. the Devil were moving a couple of times round the sand for useful work. ten or eleven of his team exorcising. Country Boy and St. John were doing strong pace work a oouple of circles on the outer going, both horses going well; the rest of them were given serviceable exercise, the two year olds working later in the afternoon, when eev eral youngsters aud other horses were ou the vario 8 tracks. CAULFIELD, Ti:ESDAT. A heavy downpour of rain during the night, which continued until past" o'clock, somewhat delayed train ing operations, the tracks being very sloppy though by midday, through a strong northerly breeze, the ground was moderate going. Mr. Leek's horses were out early, Pljuipton, St. Ellen, and the Hoyden colt, but they only cantered. Hence sent Velocipede a good striding gallop from half to three parts pace, over a couple of miles ; this horse looks in rare buckle to go through his spring preparation; Albauus, Lando, Chanaos, and Mabel Gray, were all working ; Too Too was treated to some half-pace exercise twico round, and King had Vandcrbilt doing some long work. Jones, who has a big string of horses in preparation, had Lizette, Waveriey, Solo, Melodious, Stag, Louis, Violet, Bohemian, General Jackson, and Hippogriff all doing useful work at intervals. The two year olds Garibaldi, Louise Berta, Sweet Marian, and Here Goes were on the track doing cantcring- exercise. Kelly was working Freetrade, who looks a great useful horse, by Smuggler; Warfield, the two year olds Defraudcr and Manx-man IL, the balance of the team exercising later in the day, viz., Carrick, Oculist, The Owl, Clansman, Idleboy, and others. Mr. Dunett was cantering The Ghost and Bonny Bell for long exercise. Grace Darling was striding along for some sound work twice round the ground, inoviDg freely and well. Mr. Davis had his horses out at intervals. Camerine, looking well, was going slowly, as did others of the team. Connolly's, Batty'e, Campbell's, Rowe's, Delaney's, and Harper's horses worked in the afternoon. 'P. Hey wood, who was preparing his horses at Caulfield, returned at the beginning of the week from Orteigh-park, Daude nong. Calma, the Caulfield Cup hero of 1883, will uotbe likely to train on, he showing signs of sore ness. 