V.R.C. Gband National Mkbtimg. — The V.R.C. Grand National Meeting was heM al Fleraington on Saturday, and was well attended. The following aro the results of the races: — Maiden Hurdle Race. — Hippo- grilf, 1 j Sea Breeze, 2; Duration, 3. Four teen horses started. Won by a length and three-quarters. Time, 4tnin osecs Muldou SteeplochuHe. — Ruticont, 1 j Lady Ash ton, 2 : Kullkyn, o. Sevan started. Won by ten lengths. Time, 5min. 23*ec. Grand National Hurdle Race. — Tho Agent, 1 ; uuaraiisii, 2 , vocKuoac, *-* ion scarcea Won by throe lengths, tho winner being ridden throughout in linu stylo. Time, (j\ min. Grand National Steeplechase (about throo miles). — Wyuilet, lOst 41b. (Corrigab) f TSailor,' !)st 101b. (M'Lood) 2; Denmark, 12sb 111b. (Kilduff) 3. Fourteen started. A li»rge number of. the horses fell. Won by, five lengths. Time, 7min IO^sec. Selling Hurdle Race, — Student, 1 ; Flamborough, 2j Donoaster, 3. Six Btarted. Wou by three lengths.' Time, 3min 17,jHeo. Flat Race,— The Ghost, 1 ; Plausible, 2 ; Bohe mian^ 3,. 'Sixteen Btarted.. This was a good race, and was won by three-quarters of a length. Time, lmin. 48Jsec, . 'Converting a' Chin am av._ Throe burly custodians of tho peace lately proceeded to a well-known Chinaman's house, situatod in a little court in Sydney ; and, with out oven so muoh as politely sending, in their names as visitants and asking whether they would become welcome, tho constables entered the front room, and thoro found a Chinaman in a collapsed, backboneleas state huddled on bis bed, covered with a cloak, his opium pipe alongside. John protended to bo fuddled with his dearly loved narcotio fumes, and would not cveu so muoh as 'suvoe' his interviewers. In the samo room ' also wero two young girls 'What are you doing here?' inquired a. policeman.'. 'We'vo come to convert tho poor dear, heathen Chinee/ roplied ono of the girls, ; 'Wo belong to the Blue Ribbon Harmy, and it do pain us to see tbo benighted, terribly unawakoued. state of tbeso wrftohed infidels. Think of what their future will be— .' . 'Think,' of- what your future will be,' roared tho' man in blue 'Wlrnt'a this here brandy -b.ottle a .-doing? What's these here lomouade bottles a doing ? Thia is too thiu. This is. If yon don't clear out precioiiB smart, you'll get pained a jolly sight mnro. Cloar out 1 Convert tho Cbincman, ch 1 Bluo Ribbon bo dashod. This is coming' it too strong, this is.' Aud tho two girls cleared, and woro not oven allowed to stay and convert that ancient Chinaman, nor convert any of his boloDglngs, 