A TRADITION OF COTTLEY HALL. CHAPTER L The wind is high to-night. An enthusiast in spiritualistic fancies, or a dreamer of dreams, needs but to seat himself by the great fireplace of Cottley Hall and listening to the rambling noise which resounds in that capacious chim ney, and he would forthwith be supplied with food for mental imagination to his heart's content. Into Cottley Hall — where everything is either too small or too large, and inconvenient to the almost extent which human ingenuity could possibly make it — it would be hard for the most commonplace indi vidual to enter without experiencing a spice of uncanny romance. H odd corners, twisting stairs, and a wealth of carved panelling conld render it a thing of beauty in the eyes of the artist and romancer, Cottley Hall was a gem of its class, of the first water. A noticeable fact about the latge draughty rooms was that the favoured mortals who gathered round the great wood-fires which blazed therein at winter-time, experienced agreeable sensations of extreme chilliness on oue side and overpowering heat on the other. All the bedsteads were of a large old- fashioned type, thongh these fonr-posters looked bnt strange atoms compared with the enormous rooms in which they were located, the approach of them being mostly across a long un even floor, upon which bygone-shaped articles of furniture appeared few and far between. Acroas the doors of these apartments were drawn pieces of anti quated tapestry, worked with divers representations of Solomon and the Children of Israel, all habited iu a sort of semi-Roman attire. The window- casements were uniformly filled with glass of a ghastly green colour, which when penetrated by the sun's rays, im parted an unwholesome and mildewy character to the countenances of the Wise King and bis contemporaries. The unwary stranger who ventured into the upper regions of Cottley Hail without a guide speedily found himself involved in a labyrinth of passages and turnings which seldom failed to reduce him to great straits before being extricated therefrom. Between the roof and the third floor was a dreary wilder ness of attics, seldom entered by the domestic element — not that they believed iu the ineviteble ghost supposed to haunt these regions, but because the numerous low intersecting beams ren dered locomotion somewhat urmafe. In many places the walk were graced with ancient wooden-faced family portraits, which cansed not a little discomfort to visitors who found themselves for the first time the object of their doll ex pressionless gaze. The strange exaggerated figures of Solomon and the Israelities have caught but little sunshine lately, owing to a long spell of overcast sky, the few fitful rays that have lighted on Cottley Hall being insufficiently strong to penetrate its thick glazed windows. To-night, the tapestry flaps drearily, for a stiff gale is blowing across conntiy, and cold currents of air find their way into the huge deserted rooma The tall timber- trees surrounding the park are creaking and bending to the blast ; but the sturdy gables of Cottley Hall stand firm as the day when they were built. Just such a wild night as this closed apon the 6th of September 1651, three days after the sanguinary and decisive battle of Worcester. Hugh Everett was owner of the Hall at that time, a zealous Farli- mentary speaker of high reputation. It was not by strength of arm or by mighty deeds of valonr that Master Everett had gained unto himself those honours which had procured him the fat and fair manor of Cottley ; from hie childhood up the Republican had seldom eDjoyed good health, his capabilities fitting him rather for a statesman than a soldier, while at the same time his inclinations were more of a civil than of a military character. The ' desperate aud cruel Malignant,' Sir John Rossey, from whom this wealthy patrimonial estate had been alienated since the fatal day of Naseby, closed the long line of his family by getting shot through the head at Rowton Moor ; and now Master Everett reigned in his stead, more eeenre in hiB position that the hot-headed knight had latterly been, but none the less looked npon by hiB numerous ten ants as a usurper and a pleasure-hating upstart Cottley Hall is black and silent, and its chimneys and gables point darkly to the sky. The place might well appear deserted, for nO light is to be seen in its many windows, and no response is made to show that the inhabitants are aware of that hollow knocking at the front door. Said knocking continues at intervals, but at length grows desultory and faint, though the wind howls un ceasingly amongst the great Cottley elms, making noise enough to drown twenty each feeble sounds. Ont of tight at the back of the building, partly > obscured- by overhanging masses of ivy, a tingle light proceeds from a small mullioned -window opening npon the library of the Hall. Tins is Master Everett's favourite retreat, and here he sits, surrounded by books and pamphlets' bearing some interesting titles as A Fast to purge the Thresliing- floore, and A Seed sown upon Goode Grounds, together with the bitterly malevolent and better-known treatise upon the Unlovcliness of Love locks. Hugh Everett's age does not ex-' ceed thirty-five years, but a troubled harassing life-has given him the appear ance of a man of fifty. Short scattered gray hairs, sharp features, and a thin stooping figure, are his principal charac teristics, the extreme plainness of bis countenance being faliy equalled by that of bis dress. The Master of Cottley is pouring over a leather-bound collection of sermons, and though apparently en grossed in his occupation, he is never theless in an unusually absent frame of mind. He has not altered his position for nearly an hour, neither has he at tempted tc tnrn a leaf - there is some thing in the lonely howling of the wind to-night which reminds him of his half- forgotten school- days. Although his eyes are fixed upon that printed page before him, Hugh Everett's thoughts are far away in the remote past, looking back with a sorrowful yearning towards scenes and faces which were familiar to him long before these troubles came noon the land. chaptee n. Things had remained in this state, as we have said, for nearly an hoar, when, chancing to raise his head, Master Everett's wandering gaze encountered a silent figure standing at the other end of the room. Thongh bnt faintly seen by the lamp's dim nncertaia light, there was something about the face he seemed to recoguise, and he sat spell-bound for a moment before starting from his chair. The spell was broken by a forward movement on the part of the apparition, and Everett raised a fearful cry, which was instantly choked by the application of a palpably human hand to bis mouth. Easily mastered in the ensuing scuffle, the Republican sank back and glared fiercely at bis detainer, while his breath came thick and short. ' Hugh Everett,' exclaimed the un welcome intruder who stood over him, ' do you not know me ?' The scattered recollections in Everett's mind slowly pieced themselves together, and he answered after a pause : ' I do now.' ! ' That's 'one to my score then,' said the iudividual with- a short laugh. 'What are you afraid of V ' Nothing, Walter Cunningham, no thing,' answered Everett, controlling bis agitation by a great effort. ' Yet yon have sought me in a strange fashion.' 'And if I have, friend Hughie,' said the new-comer, ' that counts for nothing, does it ? I am in trouble, and have come to you for help. Old friendship shonld bind as, if nought else ; and were I now in your place — thongh, heaven knows I don't wish to be — you should have it for the asking.' ' How did you enter the house ?' in quired Everett, whose under-current of thought would scarcely allow him to follow what the other said. My conscience pricked me somewhat as to the manner of creeping iu,' quoth Canuingham ' bat when a hnnse k«epe bolt and bar so stubbornly as yours does, one must take some liberties in extremis.' ' What trouble are yon in 1 Why do you come here ' asked Everett nervously. ' Have yon joined in any fresh broil, to distnrb the peace of this unhappy country 1' 1 Peace ! unhappy broils !' ejaculated Cunningham. ' What are you talking about f Can it be possible that you have not heard of Worcester fight ?' The Master passed his slim hand across his forehead and answered iu a husky, perturbed voice : 'Many rnmonrs have I heard of late — rumours of war and strange tales of battle, but little did I wot that Walter Cunningham was con cerned therein.' ' He was, and he glorieB in it !' ex claimed his companion with sudden en- thusiasm. ' Hast ever heard, Hugh, of any man possessed with a fighting demon 1 I was that day. — Oh, ye powers 1 give me such another before I die, and I shall leave this world content ! Down went Hamilton, down went Maurice and Maffey, before those fanatics ; yet throughout the medley I bore a charmed iife. My cloak was riddled with bullets — see that shot-hole in my hat — yet -not a wound, not a scratch. Conld such a day again fall to my lot, I should well nigh esteem my self invincible 1' The Cavalier, who had been gesticulating wildly throughout the whole of this disconnected speech, threw himself back in the chair and set his teeth with a sardonic grin. Hugh Everett's blood was up ; bis thin bent frame trembled partly with nervous eagerness and partly with anger while he listened to the fugitive's dis course : but now his powerful voice, which had been so aften raised in behalf of his party, broke forth Eke a deep en raged roar : ' And it is thus thon boastest in thy strength and thy un righteous cause ! What can have prompted thee, thou stirrer-up of strife, to venture hither with thy evil, eelf- exalting tale ; hast thon no fear in throating thy head into the very lion's mouth V This sudden outburst produced no effect whatever upon Cunningham ; he crossed one leg" over the other, looked Everett straight in the face, and an swered sturdily ; ' Not a jot.' The Master of Cottley Hall rested his chin on his hand and regarded the Cavalier fixedly. Bold speaker and diplomatist as he might be, the Repub lican knew that -here he had met his match. Contending passions might urge him to speak harshly, but he felt that to do his old friend a wilful iojaty was foreign to his nature. No one could be better aware of this than Walter Cun ningham, and certainly no one could have turned the opportunity to advan tage with -greater coolness or sagacity. For a few minutes the Cavalier's gutter ing eyes - watched his companion's measured movement as he paced across v the floor ; and then leaning bade again, be quietly said': 'You have two roads to choose from, my good friend : there is no other alternative either hide me or give me up ; the prospect of capture will not induce me to move another step to night.' 'To-night,' echoed Everett, stopping short in his walk. Are yoa indeed so : hard pressed ?' ' My present action will answer that question,' said Cnnningham. ' Fleet wood holds Daventry, and his troopers are scouring the cpuntry like blood hounds in search of poor hunted wretches like myself' ' Have yon fasted long V asked Everett. ' Are you an-hungered !' ' As much as any man may be who has not tasted food since yesterday at mid-day,' replied the fugitive. Everett opened a corner cupboard and placed a loaf a leather flask, and drink ing glass before the Cavalier: ' Bread and wine I can give yon here,' lie said. ' To call for better fare might be danger ous. Fortunate it is that none of my household saw you enter.' ' Fortunate, say yon f said Cunning- bam with a meaning smile, as he on- corked the flask. ' So be it, then, my lad. — Here's to King CharleB !' he added, extending his hand. ' The Young Man,' exclaimed Everett quickly. His Majesty — God bless him f re torted Cunningham, tossing off a deep draught Hugh Everett turned sharply round and walked towards the window. Events had taken a strangely unpleasant tarn with him this evening, and bis position conid scarcely be called a comfortable one. Waller Cunningham, on the other hand, ate and drank in a most uncon cerned manner, for, despite his evident distress, there was an air of careless license about the Cavalier which ill be came the puritanical atmosphere of Master Everett's study. The meal was soon over ; and Cunningham turned to wards the motionless figure at the win dow. CHAPTER m. ' Rouse yonrself, Hughie,' said the fugitive. ' Hast got a tonch of the me grims V ' Walter Cunningham,' returned Everett, looking np, ' one thing can I esteem myself fortnnate in, that I have received this visitation to-night. Left aloDe to myself for lengthy periods, my morbid imagination feeds npon itself and stagnates the very blood within me.' Your discourse sounds mighty well, friend Hugh,' said Cunningham, for the first time showing some impatience ; ' but it will not save me from Fleetwood's troopers. Is there is no secret hole or corner where T can hide till the puttiull slackens ? I have no fancy to be made the mark for a firing-party in your court yard just yet' ' Stay, Btay !' exclaimed Everett, press ing bis hand to his forehead. ' I do remember me now of some such place unto what yon allude.' 'Well,' said Walter, 'so much the better for me. Let ns see to this matter at once.' The Master laid hold npon the lamp with a trembling band and glanced irresolutely ronnd the room. Cunning ham's eyes turned in the same direction until they rested on a mass of carved woodwork situated in one portion of the panelling. ' What is the place yon speak of V asked the uninvited visitor, as his com panion crossed over to this spot and appeared to busily examine it by aid of the light which he carried. ' Hold thon the lamp, and I will tell thee,' said Everett, stooping down on the floor. ' It is said that when this house of Cottley was first built, the luxurious family of Rossey caused certain large kitchens to be constructed under-ground. This came to pass that when that evil doer and imaginer of mischief, Sir John, devoted himself to unlawful state-service, bis yearly revenues were insufficient to maintain that example ef debauchery and gluttonly for which he was well known. The approaches to these kitchens were consequently bricked up, smaller sub stitutes being used -as more convenient, and more adapted to the outlay of his limited income. Cottley Hall at length changed hands ; and it was daring the execution of some needful repairs that a working-man accidently touched a spring concealed among these carvings, letting fall a cunningly contrived panel. An entry being effected, it was found that behind the wall there existed one of the great chimneys rising from the disused kitchens. Across its aperture exteuded a single sooty beam, leading to a small recess on the other side. I myself believed this to be a " priest-hole " which had probably been used daring the times of the Catholic persecution ; bnt having no desire that this panel should remain open to gratify the curious, I ordered it to be closed up and left in stain quo, little thinking that I might one day have occasion to use it. How little can we guess the future !' ' Cannot you remember liow the spring worked!' demanded Cunningham. ' Can yea remember everything that crossed your eyes six years ago V returned the other fretfully. ' I trow not.' Tbe examination continued for come minutes without success, Cnnningham meanwhile keeping perfectly silent, listening to the howling of the wind amongst the Cottley elmB without. 'Hugh Everett,' he said suddenly, starting up and coming to an attitude of rigid attention, ' what is that noise t' The Master shook his head. ' I need scarcely ask,' continued -Cnnn ingham. ' I have been too long a soldier to mistake a bngle calL If that panel is not opened quickly, there may chance to be some murderous work here this night.' What a frightful emergency 1' was the exclamation of Everett, who had not ceased to pass his fingers over the mass of carved work affixed to the panelling. 1 Yon cannot, you dare not offer any resistance.' ' Bethink yon, Hugh Everett,' said the Cavalier grimly, as he toached the hilt of his rapier. ' Have you lived so long in this world and yet cannot guess what a desperate man dare do 1' Everett's face turned white as chalk ; but the smothered moan which broke from his lips was quickly followed by a cry of joy. ' I have found it !' he exclaimed. 'The panel yields 1' Coming to his aid, Cunningham pnshed a portion of the wainscoting on one side, discovering a dark cavernous aperture. ' Enter ; be not afraid,' said Everett, holding np the lamp and throwing its light upon the blackened walls of the chimney. ' Cross that log of wood which yon see, but trust not to it over-much. On the other side is the " priest hole." — Stay a moment Take this other flask with you. I will let you out when the danger is past.' Cnnningham entering, placed one foot upon the thiu worm- eaten beam and faltered. ' Quick !' cried Everett, for an nnmis- takeable sound now smote upon his ears. Steadying himself as he was best able, Cnnningham passed over the yawning pit in safety and gained a ledge on the other tide. The panel closed hurriedly, and through the thick darkness came a muffled Bound of knocking. ' I" faith,' thought the hunted man, as he groped his way into the priest-hole, ' I cannot say much for the hiding-places of the Catholics. Admirable as places of concealment they may be ; but their accommodation is detestable.' The priest-hole was a diminutive apartment, or rather recess, contrived in the thickness of the outer wall, and aired by a loophole which admitted an un pleasantly Btrong draught. A low stone seat occupied one end of the little place, and upon this Cunningham seated him self to wait with praiseworthy patience. CHAPTER IV. ' I am mighty glad to think that yon are no Malignant harbourer, Master Everett. Never mind a tough test for character, sir , it's terribly dry work while it lasts. With your permission, my men shall broach a cask of ale or of strong waters wherewithal to refresh themselves in the kitchen.' The speaker, an athletic man of middle stature, was an officer in charge of a omall body of Poriiunootary troopcrn who had invaded the sanctity of Cottley Hall at this aingnlarly inopportune time. A more unprepossessing individual than Major Brand — by which name the officer had introduced himself to Everett — it would have been difficult to find ; he was a bandy-legged, black-browed enthusiast, with an offensive guttural voice, and a dark ragged moustache. Yet, in spite of his personal disadvantages, the Repub lican officer commanded a large degree of respect, being an excellent specimen of that energetic class of peeple who mount by sheer dogged perseverance over their fellow-creatures' shoulders. His deep-set lynx-like eyes were remarkably piercing ; and Hugh Everett, already much unnerved felt himself quite, unequal to the task of retaining his composure while sabjected to their scrutiny. Slightly bowing his head, ostensibly in deference to military authority, but in reality to hide his con fusion, the Master replied : 1 Cottley Hall is at your service, Major Brand. I shall in no wise hinder any steps you may think fit to take. Nevertheless, your men must be content with what they can get, for my visitors are far from being numerous.' At a word of command the troopers quitted the library, none remaining ex cept a large, powerfully built fellow, whose habiliments bespoke him to be a non-commissioned officer. 'Now, Master Everett,' said the major, ' we can converse together comfortably.' But,' argued Everett, naturally anxious to quit the vicinity of his friend's hiding- place, ' your men have no scrn- pnlous regard for property ; would it not rather be better that we shonld first see them properly quartered V ' No,' answered Brand gruffly, for as cats seem by instinct bound to regard tbe canine race as their natural enemies, so did this official consider all those who in any way opposed his wishes as being snspicions malcontents, on whom in was expedient to keep a watchful eye. Tbe early answer brought a faint flush to Everett's pale cheeks. 'You take strange liberties with me, Major Brand,' he said, for a moment ioting all self- control. 'Times must be sorely changed if my bare word ie not sufficient to re move such as yon from Cottley Hall.' ' Spoken like an upholder of the good cause — eh, Humphries! remarked Brand to the tall trooper who stood looking on. ' Nay !' replied Humphries, speaking with that Scriptural affectation which Everett only need in his more agitated moods, 'the speech savoured mightily like the ranting of some vain-glorious Cavalier. If your worshipful pleasure that he should be arrested etill holds, I will proceed to attach his person without delay.' ' Arrest me — attach my person f ex claimed Everett, starting back. ' Where is your authority to do so 1' ' Hold yonr peace, Humphries 1' said the officer quickly. 'You are over- zealous. — We will etick to the matter now in hand, if yon piease/he continued, addressing himself to Everett.! 'Any questions concerning authority sheH be answered by me as a member of! -that army who placed you in yonr high seat' '"What is it yon have to say to me, then V asked the Master, wearily leaning his head npon his hands. ' This much,' replied Brand, with a significant glance towards his inferior. ' We are seeking for, amongst others, a tronblesome youth named Walter Cnn ningham. Report has tracked him- here, and an eye-witness testifies to his having entered the gates of Cottley Hall this very evening. Ask yonrself, sir, whether a stiff-necked Malignant would tarry at the abode of a well-known- adherent to our cause, unless he were likely tofind friends within.' . 'I will answer no more/ mattered Everett, fairly driven into a -corner. 'You have searched my residence; you i have donbtless interrogated my servants.- and now, finding nought against me, yoa put personal restraint npon my actions, and endeavour to convict me from my own lipB.' The Republican officer did not reply at once ; he was slightly nonplussed ; bnt his suspicions were not eradicated. A few moments' thought convinced this dogmatical worthy that it would be best to change his tactics and assume a pacific demeanour while etill manoeuvring for the desired end. 'I am sorry to have pressed such a charge against yon, Master Everett,' he said frankly, after rnnning the situation over in his mind ; ' bnt dnty, sir, must not be done negligently. It has been a stiff day for the best of ns, etifi enough to try tbe patience of Job. la there no wine-flask handy which we can talk over in a friendlier fashion 1' Greatly relieved by this candid decla ration, the Master busied- himself with placing a jolly-looking flagon on thetable, while the Republican officer, who qnickly gave Borne directions in an undertone, dismissed Humphries to join his com rades downstairs. chapter v. Twelve o'clock strnck. The flagon was nearly empty, and Major Brand's head and arms reclined upon the - table; ; as it slumber had overtaken him. With- . Everett it was different. True as steel to the friend who had sought his pro tection, he still watched, pondering over the probable chances of Cunningham's escape. The wind still blew high ; but ' Hugh Everett heeded it not ; he was wearily counting tbe measured tick of the clock, and inwardly hoping that the morning would relieve him of his un welcome guests. Some unaccountable attraction seemed to fasten his eyes on the secret panel, and his fancy became so; -powerfully excited that he momentarily expected to see it open and tbe figure of Cnnningham issne forth. This peculiar fascination might have continued until the Master dropped asleep through sheer exhaustiou, had not his lethargy been dispelled. by a sudden crash coming from behind the wainscotting. . Everett rose - quickly to his feet and gave a dismayed glance at the recumbent form of Major - Brand. The officer's face was hidden but his position, indicative of profound repose, remained unaltered. The Master hesitated, stopped to listen to the elmn- berer's low breathing, and then oantionsly - approached the hiding-place. In a. minute . the scene was changed. Suddenly spring ing to his feet and throwing open the - door, the officer shouted for his subor- dinate. ' Where are the men 1' demanded Brand. ' Down-stairs.1 answered Humphries, iu a voice thoroughly Buited. to hiB granite-faced aspect. ' They would not be withheld from the strong Arink, aud it hath overcome them. . ' ' How many sentries are there outside! - ' But two, your honour.' The Republican officer uttered & fierce execration. ' Lock the door, Humphries! he vociferated. ' We mnst settle this -matter by ourselves.' ' What do you mean to do f faltered Eyerett with bloodless lips. 'Bring hither your musket, Humphries. Batter the wall ; and if the wood sounds hollow, beat it in.' Tbe Master sank helplessly into a - chair, and vainly endeavoured, by cover ing his ears, to shut out the distracting sounds which accompanied the fulfilment ' of this order: Lookiag np after a short space, he became aware that the work - was accomplished, and that a fresh drama 1 was about to be enacted before his veiy eyes. On the floor lay the trooper's broken gunstock, which, wielded by his powerful arm, had produced a deplorable effect upon the panelling. An opening several feet square was now visible in - the fractured oak. A cold tremor crept over Everett's limbs and seemed to de prive him of the power of motion. He watched tbe movements of the. Republi can officer and his follower vacantly, listening meanwhile to their voices as one who hears in a dream. 'How is this! said the majon 'I cannot see the bottom of this Cimmerian pit — Hold ont the light, Humphries.' An exclamation from both parties timnltaneously followed. ' Yonder is a doorway l' ejaculated the trooper. ' Praised be the Lord, we have the Amaiekite now P 1 Npt yet,' qaoth Brand. 'A pit yawns before us. How are we to cross it ! ' Bear a hand with that, wortiiy sir,' said Humphries, pointing to the long table. ' We'll soon make a roadway.' By the united exertions of the two men tbe legs were qnickly knocked off this useful article of furniture— one of Hugh Everett's particular treasures — which was then forced into the gap and laid across the chimney aperture. ' Take that pistol,' said Brand. 'Show the light on yonder doorway ; and if the Malignant attempts to stop me, shoot him dead.' Everett closed his eyes and gave Cun ningham np for lost, little doubtiog that a few more minutes would decide bis fate. Humphries knelt down, and with the one hand casting the light of the lamp fall npon the entrance to the priest-hole, levelled his leader's long pistol with the other and waited the result The Re publican officer drew his sword and crossed the improvised bridge without any resistance. Roused to the highest pitch of anxiety for his friend's safety, Everett staggered towards the opening, only to see Major Brand come back be grimed and disappointed. The priest- hole was empty. chapter tl It is a favourite axiom with most people that a state of suspense is im measurably worse than an absolute knowledge of the most dreadful certainty. The anxious time which had elapsed since their first alarm had been felt far more keenly by Cunningham than by even his sorely tried friend. The reckless disposition of the Cavalier was not proof against such emotions, and the faint sounds which occasionally reached him served only to heighten his suppositions and make him become a prey to distress ing doubt More than once he had had recourse to Everett's leather flask ; and the potency of its contents, while sus taining him throughout this ordeal, at length began to have au emboldening effect upon his nerves. Placing tbe flask in his pocket, he rose, and c&ntionsly; advanced until his feet encountered the beam that crossed tbe chimney. It wa« here that Cunningham became aware of a narrow streak of light, evidently issuing through a crack io the panel by which be had first entered on the opposite ride Guided solely by the sense of tonch, he crept along the beam, and applying his eye to the crevice, saw enough to con vince him of the near proximity of danger. Through the limited space afforded him for eyesight, he could just discern a strongly built man in military costnme reclining id a position suggestive of his stopping there all night. Facing . him was another person, whom Canning- ! ham with little difficulty made ont to be i Master Hugh Everett, After satisfying ! himself thns far, the fugitive turned j away, and was endeavouring to regain ; hie former quarters, when a slight crack- 1 iing came from tbe farther end of the! log. In a moment Everett's warning, ' Trust not to it overmuch,' flashed across his mind. He made one desperate effort to reach the ledge, when with a crash the rotten beam gave way, and he was precipitated down the black chasm of the disused chimney. A belief had been prevalent amongst Cunningham's friends that this adven turous gentleman was gifted with no fewer than nine lives. His invariable good fortune had not left him, for it was not even now destined that he should leave his bones at the bottom of Cottley chimley. The young royalist's precipitate downfall was sharply arrested by a large beam, across which he fell with a stun- 1 sing shock — a beam similar to that which had jnBt broken beneath him. Mecbanl- cauy grasping it, tbe Gavauer, terribly ahakeD by his fall, lay for some time as if dead, happily uDcooscions of the thundering sounds which echoed from the fractured library panels above. At length, however, a few splinters of wood reached the beam upon which Cunning ham rested, and these at once awoke his dormant energies. Feebly moving his stiffened limbs, the fagitive strove to restore his blood to some degree of circulation ; and bring partially suc cessful in his efforts, he crawled a foot or two along the beam until his ad vance was stopped by the cold bare wall. The noise, together with the fall of rubbish, had now ceased, lor a pause bad been made in Hie attack, and Major Brand was preparing to cross. This fact, coupled with the scattered state of his censes, prevented Cunningham from tak ing the alarm that be would otherwise have done. Turning himself, the Cava- lier once more crossed the black gulf, but only with the same resnlt On neither side was there the slightest pro jection by which he could effect an ascent. It happened, however, at this moment, as tbe much-enduing Cavalier was seated astride the beam, pondering moodily over his unpleasant situation, that his legs, which were dangling be neath him, struck against an iron rod, that descended from the log on which he sat into the unknown depths below. 'Good- luck I' quoth Cunuiogham, wnose blood again glowed within him. 'There are two -ends to a stick ; down or up is all the same to me.' Letting himself drop from his hiding- place, the fugitive began to decent, and in a second or two his feet touched the ground, and Cunningham stood helplessly in the darkness, uncertain whether to advance, for fear of being precipitated into some invisible pit Suddenly, as if by magic, a little speck of white moon light ileckB the floor, it is the orb of night breaking from a rack of clouds, and casting a solitary gleam throogh au opening in the face of the wall TafeiDg heart, Cunningham stepped forward, and with outstretched arms, slowly traversed the long unseen expanse before him. ine nags beneath his feet were slippery with fungus, and the close decayed smell which hung about the place aroused a suspicion that the disused kitehenB in their present condition' could scarcely be conductive toward the good health of Master Everett in the Hall above. On ward, still onward, treading tightly, yet occasionally stumbling over pieces of rotten lumber, until an abrupt collision with the hard wall warned him that he could go no farther. Nothing daunted, Cunningham placed his hand npon the j old stonework, and was about to continue his exploration, when his movements were j checked by the appearance of an unex- j pected phenomenon. Far away in the j direction from which be came, the speck j of moonlight still spangled the floor ; but j now there hovered over it in Hie dark j background a ruddy spot like a lurid evil star, making tbe cold glimmer ol the moon look colder still. He was not long left in donbt as to the nature of this my sterious apparition, for the light began slowly to approach him, and a heavy step sounded oo the stone floor. Canningham thought of his pursuers, and instinctively clutched at his sword-hilt ; but as the light gets nearer, he perceives that his bearer is alone. Hugh Everett 1' be cries, staring joy fully forward. ' Halt there !' answers a harsh un known voice. 'I know yon, Walter Cunningham. Down with your weapon; surrender yourself !' ' Eeep that word for your own crew,' retorted the Cavalier, shrewdly gnessing who the speaker was. ' You are a liar ; you do not know me. Put dowo that lamp, and come to knocks first.' Drawing his sword in a moment, Brand rnahed at the royaliBt, intending to overcome him ere any resistance could be offered. This movement, which had been anticipated, was now as promptly encountered. The Republican's thrust was nimbly avoided, aod so severe a blow dealt him in return, that he was brought to his knees. But the victory was not yet woo. Instantly recovering himself, Major Brand attacked his opponent with such determined ferocity, that it was only tbe state of partial darkness that saved the latter from almost certain defeat. Several slight flesh-wounds were both given and taken in the blind fnty of the encounter, aud Canningham did not feel confident of coming off best man even while he grasped the trasty blade which had borne him company so long, when, as it suddenly snapped off close to his hand, there seemed bat little donbt that they had come to the end of j the game. As a last chance, he threw I aside the useless hiit, and flinging Mm- j self on his stalwart adversary, strove to bear him to tbe ground. Although a i I perfect match for his opponent in a general way, the serions disadvantages under which the Cavalier labonred for bade this present nneqn&l; combat being protracted to any length. Many severe privations and no little amount of fasting had reduced his strength to an unusually low ebb. Not so Major Brand ; the Parliamentary bulldog was well fed and I as powerful as a lion, and the desperate ! grapple must have ended by his eventu ally overcoming the obstinate resistance of Cunningham, had not an accident occurred which brought the dnel to a sharp termination. As they wrestled and canght at each other, the Repub lican made a false step, slipped, and fell backwards, striking his head with terrific force upon the stone flags. The straggle was over. Having satisfied himself that the van quished man was not likely to make a speedy recovery, Canningham took the lamp aud proceeded to the disused j chimney by which he bad descended. On surveying the spot, he found that he mast have-unwittingly alighted in the centre of a huge fireplace, which had no donbt been used for cooking many mighty sirloin t of beef in the days of ' Good Queen Bess.' His late antagonist had evidently come down by easier means, for the end of a ladder let down by a couple of ropes was visible. It was these appliances which helped the Republican officer to prosecute his search, leaving Humphries meanwhile as a guard on Master Everett in the room above. Rightly guessing that assistance would be within bail, though the reason for Ms adversary's coming alone puzzled Cun- ningtoD not a little, he prndeDtly decided to leave the place, if possible by a different way from which he came. With the Republican's sword he cut the ropes fastened to tbe ladder, aod exerting all his strength, succeeded in carrying it from inside the chimney and placing it beneath the opening which he had noticed in the face of the walL Returning after this to the still senseless Brand, he effected a partial change of clothing. He then ascended the ladder, and squeezing himself through the opening, wMch communicated with the level of the ground outside, stood out upon the soddened grass a free men. Tnrning himself the fugitive royalist took one look at the old Hall, bathed in silveiy moonlight, and with a mental hope that hie move ments would be unobserved, he strode away beneath the black shadow of the trees, leaving Cottley, as he thought, for ever. Many years elapsed before Hugh Everett heard any tidings of the noctur nal visitor he received on that eventful night ; and in tbe meantime he suffered greatly from his disintereed kindness. Although actual proof was wanting, suspicion pointed strongly at him as the aider and abettor of the Malignant Canningham ; and consequently a heavy fine was imposed, which ate np the greater part of the revenues of the manor of Cottley. Not until the Restoration, nearly nine years after the eventB we have recorded, did the two again behold each other; and by this time Walter Canningham was high in favonr with tbe restored king. Their meeting was one long to be remembered ; and Everett, as he gazed at his friend's face, felt that even those nine years of tronble had been ill spent in securing his safety ; while Caoningham (now Sir Walter), who brought with him an order from tbe Crown restoring eveiythiog that formerly appertained to the property, would have proenred twenty such, had he been able, in return for the service rendered him on the night when he made acquaintance with the 'priest-hole' of Cottley. 