MUNICIPAL BUIOH8E BBOBK S the seroral municipalitiea ol the A Oolony year by year increase, the popular discontent, with the absurdly wrong-terms under which the municipal franchise is exercised, waxes titdro and more: we only hope th&t; it will keep on waxing right up U the pitch of persistent energetic agitation, until the ewl it denonneea is reformed clean out of tfie way. It is quite right and proper that landed and house property should be liberally represented in the Borough or Municipal. District Council; but it is limply xnfrmniM that properly of that kind, should alone be represented. Yet practically, "that's about the «ze of "it"—the more'e the pity! The laudlord either positively, by means of his "camiil8iive"TOte^ar t iieg&t;»ely,bytlie powers which die law allows him of dis- IwBitmBg his absolutely rules the roast—with this melancholy result; that the Hfuniffpl Council is never (at haidly ewer) the faitiifdl reflection of the views of die local community; but, instead (to paraphrase ab expression of DAK. O'Casnub's), that of a fraction of ft {taction of the aid community- Were landlordism, as a rule, progressive, and liberal, and heartily concerned for the improved sanitary condition of tilings, die fading of discontent we refer-to would be more sentimental than anything else. But, unfortunately, as ereiybody knows, landlordism, as a rule, is a very stagnant sort of thing, conservative on bad old lines, pachydermatous, obtuse. And the best proof that it is so is this, that the very Legislature, Which hesitates to reform out of the way this monopoly by landlordism of the municipal franchise, is constantly being farced to enact laws against the dire evQs directly and patently flowing from that very monopoly. This accursed monopoly is the breeder of the wretched tenement haunted by the death laden miasmatic germ, of the fever den, of the slum—and yet—picture it! flwpV of it! ye men who boast of your freedom—the Parliament of the country, leaving die monopoly untouched, gives certain powers to certain official authorities to effect die removal of the house condemned as a nuisance (that is, of die evil vhieh monopoly has, if not created, connived at)—on payment of course of handsome compensation to the offender I Were every adult man and woman given by die law s voice in municipal . affiant (the dawns of landed property being proteqted by reasonable provisions) it is morally certain that the Slant-creator wouldn't in future be dhnredao much as "the ghost of a show." His occupation would be go He only gtte along as it is by be able to "sit upon" the "intelligence and Tndnpendfswft of bis ward. Give the and independence of die ward fair play, and'tis ha who will bo set upon. We do not mean to say that in Barramatta the monopoly of landlordism has as yet worked such fright- ful mtwrhwrf as it has in other places— take Sydney, far instance ; but, at the same time, who dare deny that it has earned agpod deal of mjndrinf, principally by its obstinate attempts to block and needed rafaonf Take, foe example, therecent municipal elections. The xcgw&mef; Xr. BOCHIB and Bdection of Mr. FTR*mm JOSEPH Bans means, in M%, die prafmeuce ef lasdlordxsm for pi iht art history eonsonatum, and i^B horror at the idea at any step Ekely to mnaoto incisive reforms. Smiiriy, thongh mat to tte same degree, the choice at the Gore Ward BMBuptiKsIa means anxiety to abide in the old nit. Xa Forrest Ward, where both Mr. Fix and Mr. GUSHER vera good men, the principle we are condemning did not come into openitka. In Mmrfen Ward, however, it came into operation with a vengeance, leading to die rejection of a "nei bat intelligent citisen, and to the reretom of the monopolist's nominee. We renew our* advice to < fellow citinas, to "agitate! fitaUf ! Asmxs !!! n lor Jhe reform of the law _ dm Mnricipal Franchise, the sooner they commence to g their the fam of reeolute and osgimised action the better! 