turf topics and anticipations. . : By Asmodel-s \- The wliiriigigiof linio lias .-brought us rouucl to tlio nppro.toli of tinothoi- Bpring campaign, and the recollection that Moridny, the 24th inst., .tsiho dayiof gduorai entiy for tho Hawkoshury, 'and A. 3.0. spring meetings, affords a reminder that tho season 1885-86. is fairly ttpou us. Gec- long, ' Jlooneo Valley, and liosohill have already made their ; respective bids for puhlio fnVor. tliq earliest of early worms having this itime been discovered ou tho- hanks of , Bar- won i but it is to Hawkosburi- wo look as usual for- tlio recognised opening of tlio legitimate season, aud thoso who have 011 former occasions .'assisted, tit onbi of those uiitiatory meetings twhioh Mr. Guesti manages so well, will be .quite satisiied ou tho' 10th and 12tlt of next montli if Hlfey arc fortunate eitougli to experience a ro- liewal of the enjdynient afforded at Hitwkcs-; bury iu- previous seasons.. Althqugli tlio| Hawkesburj' Grand . Handicap has only, once, turnished tlio actual winner of the Metropolitan (in 1872,' when tho mighty Dagworth' won tha "coveted . doublo) ' it hits generally .heon a fair index of subsequent . form, Goldsbrougii,. whot won. in ,'74, afterwards Tuniiiiig' 'second for the Eandwick eveut, which peiTorinaiicd Tho Dean repeated in 1878 ; whilst in 1880 Hesperian,, after .winning the Hawkes- biu-y HautUbap,' nlsd raif, sbcoiid "for the Me- ;troi1olitan',:andlike Gbldshfough tvon tlio lattor raco in! thd following year ' In" l883.Eirst Dqnton kept up tho traditibii by runhirig'fii-st at Iiawkc3hury, and" second at Randwiclr, whilst Hastings, who. won last year on tho banks of tho; Iiielimond. nlso secured a place in the Metropolitan. This soason baokoi-s hnvo held aloof, longer tliau usual from trying to pick tho early spring doublo, but tho absonco oi speoula- tion so far will probably mako matters, all the inoro lively, as , tho ovontful day approaches. lAlrcady: tho' greatest interest is shown in news from tho Now South Wales training grounds, and, judging from tho number of horses doing, good work, tlio general entries for both tlio Hnwkesbtu-y and A.J.C. spring ; meetings , nro not likely to suiTei-by comparison with, those of fonnor seasons. , r nt. Eaoh succeeding meeting ndds to the popu larity of Mooneo Vallby, and a visit to Mr, Cox's cbuycnioiitly: situated rendezvous is invariably attended by pleasurable results, but ttovor, more so than on Sntmxlny last; wkon an axceUantbill bffare urns shbmitled for tho approval .of it very numerous; company. MTiatr with . .gloriouB weather, largo Gelds and cipaq Giiishcs vlsitoia had cause to ho thoroughly; pleased... with; tlio afternoon's proceedings. Publio . toi-nrr vindi cated itself to tlio letter iit thOFiiatMbtropolU tiui Stake, inasmuch' its liinuendo;'and ' Uranus, in tho' absenco.of : their late viptross,' Editli, ' 00- ottpicd the. samo . positions as thoy did nt Goo- long- ii .weefc previously. These' youngsters fought put a dcBporato Gtiish1 from' the homo turnj the issue being so cioso that oiily lmlf.a head separated them as they breasted tlio tapoi This was mainly attvibnti veto Innuondo's extra smartness in getting on his legs, for had Uranus been similarly alert when tho flag dipped lip might havo scored an easier victory. than .did his vanquisher. Iuuuoudo is 011a of tho most mtgainly looking youngstors over, seen on a racocourso— uglier than The Ghost, and that is saying a good , deal— but ho possesses tlio all important., faculty, for' galloping, and as this , is' -.after all tho sins qua nan in a; racehorse, his peculiarly designed cxto- viqr, which rulmost hordevs on the; comical, can bo permitted to - go by ilcfault. A much more nttfactlvo coltHo tlio eye Is- hiSBtablo as sociate, Bclzoni, also a son' of Argtls Scandal, and an.animpl. of rare : size. and, substance, in fact he fairly towered over each and nlLthc com petitors 'in -.this 'respect. The- majority of the candidates say.ored too muelt of the paddock'lo render a display "of form tints early in the sca- son, andtu point oi condition next to the tlirce placed horses,! tho palm must ho a iva rded Louise Bertn, a well grown and well made daughter of Darriwoll and Alothe, whoso ability through. Edith wns suflioiently estimated to string her. upto the short odds of 2 to 1. Being the last to get 011 her. lcgs. slic ran. green into the bar gain, and never once flattered her backers. ; Kite hail boon fried so superior to Caul field, who finished fourth, that her form was 110 iloubt er roneous, and better things may confidently be expected of her later on. Robinson Crusoo was represented iliy a very stylish and promising young gentleman in' Soudan, who can scarcely fail - to. develop .'racing, proclivities ; wiiilo The Ilook claims a ladylike daiigliterin Pearl Eye, who may pome! dajj prove as good as she looks. Rebus was a strong tip for the August Handir oap, but she ucvof; could take up. a position in the race, and the settlement of affairs appeared to rest with, Sister Uuioo and. l'yrelte till .within a dozeii strides . of tho post, when War- field swooped .'down upon' them with a splendidly timed effort oh! Uie part of young Bencb, who gives promise of de veloping commendable ability in the pigskin.' Eeitig the recipient of a out from ' somebody's, whip, in the last' few strides Thomson, 'the rider of Sister Uriiee, was under .the .'impression that Beiico was the lijggressor; anil lodged a protest .accordingly; hilt as there' was no cori'ohorativo testimony aud .ocular 'evidence to call for tho " inlcrferoncc of the stewnrds,' they justly refused to disturb the judge's J!<it. Later 011 Sister Unico made amends by winning the Selling Race, fairly sprcadoagling her field. Tlio extra distanco traversed in tlio Essendon Handicap found out a weak epot m Wai'fielcl , who evidently does not care to he called 011 twice in one afternoon. There tvas nothing in the Steeplechase capable of extending the ex-hurdle racer Scobeioff, who was fairly in his element as long as he was not pushed, and jumping like a stag ho cantered homo an easy winner to tho delight of tho fioldors, who were equally fortunate in tlio con cluding event, Berkeley being one of those can didates which never interfered with tho calcula tions of backers, who were on Evicalmost to a man. With the slippery daughter of Maribyrnong fairly ou the job, andRobcrtson up, it irasiudccd astrong incentive - to go for a recovery; but Evio fared ho better than some of the preced ing favoritos, ami whntercr chance Robertson nitty have possessed oi making up the necessary ground. in : the last' furlong the ' same, was .totally extinguished' by liim.' ' ' becoming 'hopelessly blocked iti attempting to get; up on ' 'ou the inside. I'o my mind tlio filly, had a lot of run'uing left in her nt the fiuisli, aud had the chances of an outsido berth at tho home turn been risked, it is quite possiblc.tliat the favorite 'might have just pulled .through. At- Moonce Valley it is at all times odds against any horse not with tiio leaders at the home; turn ever threading to .' the front 011 the inside, and Robertson is a sufficiently practised horseman to. benefit. by his experience on 'Evio,. who was subjected ; to severe bumping in tho final scrimmage. .' Caulfleld will lie the attraction this afteraoon, for which becasioii Mr. N. lL.'D; jBond, tlie 'live" sccfotary of the V. A.T.C., has p'repared aflirogrammb, of uo .ordinary, attractiveness.; O11 roncwal .of. acquaintanceship" with tho favorite , heath - visitors will be impressed with:;: tliq ' nature; of tho .improvements ;Which: , continue ' to he carried 011 ,for thoiri .. especial ; comfort aud convenience, prominent among the new works now in pro gress' being tlio; extra stand accommodation, both inside anil Outside the reserve. Tlie shil ling sthud in .particular is a boon , tliat will be duly appreciated, ond will no doubt lead to fur ther- provision being made for the convenience of those ryho habitually patronise the flat. Tho new' stcoblechime com-se will be. tested; for the first time, and some cariosity will he evinced as to tho style in whioh tho formidable lino of fences parallel' with tlio straight 'running will h'q negotiated.; Tlie logs will necessitate clean and accurate jumping, and Uie palings and post qud rails will likewise prove diliienlt obstacles :to toll horses Uvlio . aro not possessed : of duly authenticated' "lopping"- certificates: Fine ivcathbr is the only ' desideratum ueedeit. to vqiichsafq tho success .'aml'pleasmq of the day's entertainment, and 011 returning from the heath those 1 who' delight in Olympian cxliibi- tiohs will be afforded an opportunity ,of witness ing thoso . two uiodern gladiators, JfiUor and; iDihnie, ;en'ge ,,in a valorous eoinliat of htus- !ciilaiv ; science . .' aud supremacy. : Tlio afler- 'noon's ; mabhih'ery; will he set1 in , mo-; tibn '.'by tho Sapling Stakes, the ' candidates 'for jtvhich ' number 41, . so ,lbat ,'a fonnldablo ilold'of juveniles may bo rcckonotl on. : jOf thoso two- ycaisolds which havo already mado 'their publio , bow either at .Geoloug or Moonce Valley all aroappa'renlly, held safe by Edith,. Garibaldi arid Uranus, but ; as . several avi.stderaticaUy bred youngstors havo, yet to make thoir ikliul it isqiOBsiljlq that Bom'olhiug snporior to tho forc- goiag .iriay 'tuvn' up thls :nftcpib6iv ; "still ;'.it tq' ailbiy whim .or fsMby this .occasion, and on' that nceouht 'I- shall plump ; for tlio best- of the'Carilfiold;divisiqn, whicli l tnWe to' be Edith,' 'thbugli'-ii ig -quite .'.'.pdssijile' "that ,Lqriij&-'Bqrta,j nqtwtti&tandirii; ; her 5iqoucoJ ,Yh'fb5 ( may (be;! the jruetcd rqpreseutqtivc. -,-l|ranns is .boutU ' toflnislivin ; cip3a.!, 'proximity, mud to hazard i o'Splaeq; 'selection' I sliall dcclnre thusyEditii;, '1 ; \ Uranusj . j'.GqnbaWjj ; 3.| Slieo t ; Arichori' . ;S tar, 'GuardMi; audv-.Tantaliser 7 :,ns apparently upholding premiei' clninwto iiliBtinotlqiV.iri tlio lluitllo Riicei .arid' to' rotlueo ''riiy "chbicoV' -bl V'the; probablo winner to moro restricted limits I shall- pin -.my - faith to illippogriff, Tantaliser mid Guardfish iu tho order named, believing that with a start the trio will bo well worth standing against the field. I question wbother Scaramouch- would bo extended were bo to, bo pulled out for the Selling Raco, and in liis,p.ossibiu ahBence my selection, will revert to QoldTop. Quality is. well represented in the Steeplechase, the struggle for which may rest between; Wynilot, Sailor and lleid's best, Go vernor or Reticent. Finally I expect to see Sailor. .and Wymlot rovorec tbeir Flominglon mnniiig at tbo finish, with Governor closo up, perhaps separating tho Ballarat pair. For tho Balaclava Stakes I .would be inclined to place .Evie 1, WarGcld . 2, and Bohemian 3. -' The recent appointment of a jttdgo.hy the Victoria Racing Club has been a fruitful topic of discussion siuco the annual meeting, but I hays not yet come iu contact with , anyone capable of explaining to me why tlio emolu ments attaching to the starter's office should he three ami a. halt times those of tho judge. Surely it cannot for a moment bo reasoned that there is any comparison between tho two offices - in the, inattor of responsibility ; and vvhilst agreeing with public opinion that sucb a starter as our own veteran, Mr. George Watson, is 0110 whoso special ability marks him as nn invaluable officer of the club, I cannot rocoucilotho amount of bis remuneration with that accorded tho judge. I don't for ono moment mean to infer that the starter's office is overpnid, for Mr. Watson, compared to ail other starters tliat we have sc.cn, is worth any thing in; reason, but .it is only by comparison tliat the perfectly nbsttrd stipend allowed. to the 'judge can bo shown. 'A- slight mistake on tho. part: of the starter need not., necessarily affect the result of a race at ' all, as tho " first away" is, uot always ;".up at the;Gnish," but the responsibility resting on a judgo for such an institution- as tlie V.R.O. csnnnt lm nvnn pq. timated. It is even greater than that of the himdicapper, for au owner dissatisfied- with his weight can at least save himself all further risk of loss by scratching; whilst on tho other band should a known ".clinker," ha slipped iu at too great an advantage, the m.stake is quickly dotccted, and tho market mado ac cordingly. But (ho slightest blunder or incapacity 011 tho part of a judge may iu one race alone at) Flemington mean the diverting of £100,000 into a wrong channel and a conse quent destruction of public confidence and the creation of genoral dissatisfaction. Instead of paying a.man who has these responsibilities tho miserable wage of a junior clerk, a wealthy body like tbo V.R.C. should liavemado it worth acceptance by the most competent man avail able. Nobody finds,- fault personally with Mi'. Wakley, although his appoiutinent came rathor as. a surpriso 110 doubt, hut the. reasonable com plaint is tliat the salary was not materially in creased and applications invited by public ad vertisement. Mr. Vowlos who, since the death of Mr. Johnston, j has filled tho post honorably and capably, liiuVsomothing like a claim on the grounds of eaibres priorcr, anil for tlie sake of saving JllOO.a year, tlie "club lias not acted to him iu by any means a liberal spirit, cspcoially as most peoplo considered that Iris satisfactorily- filled term of probation .would ensure bis per manent appointment to the "post." , Some years ago, at Caulfleld, a nico example of what may result from incompetence in tbo judge's box was shown ; and although Mr. WHkloy may be, and I bcliuvo is, quilo capable of fuifiltling tlio duly ho has undevtakon, his occupanoy of the position at a salary of £100 a year is absurd. :A strong argument used in favor, of granting £250 gratuity to the widow of tho late judgo was that... tho-. latter "liad..boen .very, poorly paid," anil tlie .V.R.C'., by its rc- assessmcnt: of the value of the oiliec, has tcertainiy not raised itsdiguity. . . . Jitr.-F. if. Dakin advertises in Tin leader ioi stable boys. To those ha vi rig charge of eligibio youngsters an opportunity is offered of placing them in a stable. where, in addition. to learning their business from ii. master hand, they will undoubtedly graduate in a purer moral'uhno- sphero tliau unfortunately of ton surrouuds" the nohlo thoroughbred in his preparation for the turf. The advertisement would seem to point to the probability of Mr. Dakin having aban doned his rumored iuterition of settling in New Zealand, which is gratifying, intelligence, as tho mentor of old Commotion mid his stable com panions is one of, those men wiiom tho Victorian l.urf can ill afford to lose. On Thursday next,' the 20tli inst., the Sfawoll Aiuatetu-.Raciiig Club hold a iricoliug, tho .pro- 'grammo consisting of six evorits.,' Entries for tliO' Hut'illo Raqc:, Mi'iblieans'Tui'se and Show Gift closed last. \Vcdncsday, but tho Maiden .riate,'Selliiig Iiaee arid Handicap 1'rot are open until Tuesday, the 18th' inst. ' ' The recently formed Rose'Hiil course, in.Noiv "South .IVales, bids fair .to develop into orio' of tho ' rii'ost . ixjpular .'sportiiig eeiitres. in' the colonics, the three meetings, already held thoro having been", attended with most grritiryihgi 'success, from both a. financial , and sporting poiiit of viow. , Thq fhiial mooting, which was held, ou .Saturday,' a ttracted a larger gathering .than tiiiy of its prodqecs'sors' and the weather being perfopt, .tliq coiri'so; in good ordor, tlio fields numerous, and tlio. .'racing well con gested, a .most eiijoyriblq ' afternoon was tho 'irievilubio 'result.', ; W. "Kelso; who a week previously htid iron' four . races .' out .'of liivo. at Caritorbury Park; ; was rigairi;tlri; 'gobiiforuij 'scoring! twoflrstsaiuVpgoqel soporid.! Faiigb-a-ballagh' initiated, tho prooecdirigs by: :,wWnirig'llfe',Slins, WniTdn,! Magriifiei' arid' a good' "ilojd, irioludiug ; Mf. i At'hito'S'cdlt Xerinox wfio'ocpripiqd an nuim-; : irta'n t position \ ' 'throughout. ; ! J Euyy', ' sc-! cured ,tliq ' Eclmngp" Plate; 7 aftqr. ivcqpiiig; her' ;''supfe9',!,!'su(sM:iyuntil'<''tfiih1 :a,lhupa.':yi;''f/!)Mmiet' .Boori.boih'g oiily bQ'afori irilho run ''hdriVp Uy half ; ri' length. Baokors; had aitotbqr' good turn1 in the Junior 'Haridioapi'fo'r which' .tfioaptly named Farewell; 'started' 'favorite! nri'd 'won'lw'ifK fcomparativP; caso from 'Eagle Grange arid Ehct1';"' arid In the Novices' Plato Wanda, who was most farioi'qd,' beat hei- field hqii'dsqiriolyaftor making nearly air'hef own running,' Sir 'Garuot and'Mlles. following her homo. A uovel foaturo iu the conditions of this raco consisted in tho slipula-4 tion that tho riders must be maidens. KoIso'S consistent gelding Ellington boat a couplo that were much fancied for the August Stakes in Comet and Wallaugra, Faugh -a-bafiagh beat ing tho former for second place. . No moro attractive programmo could bo de sired than that prepared by tho Sydney Tatter-" sail's . Club lor their meeting at Randwick on the 29th August. The Hurdle Raco, which will open tho ball, has 150 sovs. added, and ths Tramway Handicap of 6 furlongs is similarly subsidised. Tho Selling; Raqo i3 worth 100 sovs., and the ffatteisaU's Two-yoar-old Stakes of half a tnilo has 200 sovs. added, . tho weights' being 7 st. 10 lb. for colts and 7 st. 8 lb. for fillies and geldings, , A most interesting card ii completed by the Loftua Handicap of 150 sovs.,1 distanco a tnilo and a quarter. 'J'lie day 0: general entry is Tuesday nest, the lEtb inst. Mr. lfuydon lias another neat litilo pro-, gramme prepared lor the meeting to. ho held at Elstevnwiek Park on tho 29th inst., Vritriei for whioh closo on Monday next, the 17th inst., and weights w ill be declared a week later. Th« events requiring attontion aro tho Three Minute Class Trot, 0119 eveut of 2 miles, value 40 sovs.; Handicap Hurdle Race and Sapling Stakes, o! 50 sovs, each; Steeplechase, 75 sovs.;. Selling Fiat Race, 50 sovs.; Selling Steeplechase, 50 sovs., aud a five. furlong handicap of the same value. . Tho veteran sportsman Mr. John Tait, whose recovery from severe illness I was pleased Jtc uOto last week, has I regret to hear suffered a relapse, and. is again very iit. ; Mr. A. S. . Helpinaa has heon 'appointed secretary to tho Varrnambool Racing Club. Trotting puro'aud simplo'in Australia has proved to ho an itndoniablo failure, and tho , South Australian Trotting Club, like our own kindred institution, has to- fall back upon tho legitimato business for success. At tho 9. A. Trotting Club races held on Saturday last on tho old course, only' two trots wore included in a programme containing six events. In tha Hurdle Race Brigand, Onknparinga and Lady Carfinglon fought thoir battlo over again, and finished in tho order named, and aitor a Selling Trot had been disposed of, Madelina a daughter of Necborsgat and Meg Merrilics, boat Mtcatvber, Trojan and seven others in tho Sapling Stakes. , Tarpeia upset ail calculations by winning the August Handicap, ' Isonomy being second and Wilka third; ' noithor Sandal nor Tho Lawn,; who wero' well supported, getting a place, Stvordfish boat tho favorito Chrysalis, Demon and three, others in tha Steeplechase, arid anothor trot 'completed tho day's oinusomont. First forfeits ; for tho Groitt Metropolitan Stakes are duo for declaration on Monday, the 24th inst. - Tho memhers ol tho Melbourno Hunt Olnb will ceiobrato the closo' of tbo seasou: with tha customary raeo lnoeting at Flemington, Satur day, 3rd September, being the day fixed upon. The colors in which tho great St. Gatien has never yet encountered defeat, viz.-, "white, red collar; cuffs and cap," wore sported onlhe Aus tralian soil for the first time ion Saturday last, nt Moone8 Valley, when tho -2-year-old" Har mony was invested with the honor in the First Metropolitan Stakes.' ' The daughter of - Tho Drummer andMaritana failed to carry the ban ner so conspicuously as is tho custom with Sft Gatien and Florence ; still there is an old saying that a bad beginning ofttimc leads toagoodend- ing, ami this may bo tho case with Mr. 0. Bar- nelt, a well known member of tho ring, who mado hisjiAMil on the turf under tho circum stances indicated. ; ' Adrauco Australia ! An effort is being .made to porpetunto on tlio. turf tho glories achieved in,- England by the; representatives of tbeos colonics iu the criokct field and on the water. Mention has recently been made of the Eclipse States, value;. £10, OM,. to be run at Sandown Park iu 1888,: and. Mr., L. L. Smith informs mo that by the mail which left this wock ho hat sent a nomination aud first subscription for a colt by his handsome siro ths Ncrmanby Stakoi winner, Liberator. Tho youngster is a bright bay, showing all tho quality aud powor of hio sire, and Australian sportsman will, I am sure, joiu nto'in wishing 11 tho doctor" good luck in his plucky venture/ The example is worthy of emulatiomby other Australian stud mastors. Frank £>cng, tuo uaninctu trainer, who, siuco tho victories of Southern Gross and Monarque. lms not been quite ono of. fortune's favoritos, mot with a nasty accident on Satur day which necessitated his removal to the Alfred Hospital. While superintending the despatch from CaulScld.by train oi sorao horsed engaged at Moonce Valley Leng was struok by the door of Ibe borso box, which foil, inflicting an ugly .wquud on his thigh. I am glad to" hear that towards thoend qf'lbo.weefc favorabU symptoms liad stiporvoaqd, and hope that Leng, who is ii perfect master of ,iri3 art, may Won bo about again rind ablq to;ropeat his recant Gee- long success with .Edith aud some of th(. otheityoungstors iu his ohargo. . Mr. Bond informs mc that the shilling static on the flat will bB roaily, for tiio at Caulfleld to day. . The .speed .with which this extra an< much needed rie'eqirimoda'tion has been pro vided, is .another proof of tho cnorgy whlcl chriractcvisOs tho hiaria'gemont of tho V.A.T.C, : I nrii pleased to. ascortain that tho acoidouf whioh recently hofci Arsmi'al was not of a seri ous nature,. and althqugli nt first considorabla anxioty was felt by his trainer, it is now pretty certairi thif tbo preparation of Mr. Poarson'a promising' colt 'for life' spring engagements fa riqt likoly to bs retarded in conscquouce. Mr. Willinrii Bniloyi irini sorry to say, fa less fortu nate' thin' tho. proprietor of Kilmany Park, bts Se|terfe;: 'briri'Weh with an accident tliroughlallliig tvhich will uocossitato life boing cased, at ariy:ratoTor(ri time. A'meotlng'of tho 'Jockoy Club was to have been hold at Newmarket on Wodnesday In tha July Meeting. ' 'Tho following addition to Ruia 4, passed in tho Second Spring Mooting, was to havo, been brought , up. for confirmation : — To ndd lo.Rulo 4 (Hi)i "At' eaoh mooting ad- yortiscd in tho Hating Calendar thoro shall. bo riot loss than ouo weight for aco xaco, \vitl or without penalties or allowances, not being a Eelllng raco or confined to two year oldB, provided thcro aro five entries, and three horses the properly ol different owners start, and at every meeting of moro than two days, one such race oaoh day." The following notice of motion has been given for tho first October meeting by tho stewards: — To alter rule 15 (fourth '"paragragli) as follows, tbo addition being in italics: " No declaration of forfeit, except for the races of tho current week, shall be fixed to be made at noon, or at any hour earlier than the end of the day, nor on any day hit Tuesday." Tho trotting sirePatchen has changed hands, Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and 'Co. having sold him to Mr. Bergin, of Kutherglon, for 140 guineas. Bonnie Dundee, King of tbo Gipsies, Silver King, Ferneide and Achilles have been scratched ... for the Caulflcld Cup, and the scratching of Tasman for the Melbourne Cup has been noti fied from New Zealand. A correspondent in Sydney writes mo that tho training ground at early morning is just now well worth a visit, and it is hardly neces sary to say that morning after morning Mr. J. White's powerful string of three-year-olds are the observed of all observers. Uralla is doing splendid work, and is very forward ; whilst next to the filly, Nordenfeldt and Matchlock aro held in much esteem by the daily watchers. Monte Christo is pronounced a little loss for ward than his abovenamed stable companions, which, however, by no means lessens his Derby prospects, especially as the handsome grey, in company with the disappointing Despot, does liis work in great heart, and is ovideutly in robust health. Ono of tho most improved of last season's two-year olds, I am assured, is Abnor, who is growing into a magnificent colt, and bids fair to fully carry out his early promise of excellence, and the same may be said of the flying Astrcca. First Chester has also gained a host of friends by tho resolute way in which ho moves, and tho two mares, Highland Mary and Happy Thought, aro reported in rare fettle. The New Zealnndcrs, Vanguard and Thunderbolt, are also undergoing a steady and careful pre paration satisfactorily. From Adelaide I hear conflicting accounts of the Derby favorite, Nowetead, but as idle rumors are not infrequent at this season of tho year rcspcoting tho holder of such an important position as that occupied by tbo famous son of Neckorsgat, in the absenco of anything definite to his detriment his friends have really no actual cause for alarm. The supporters of Sardius are sweet upon his Cup chance and havo backed liim to win a good stake at 100's to 4. "Tam 0' Shanter" in the Tnmanian 3!ail writes : — Mr. David Taylor's steeplechaser Forester ha3 returned homo after running twice unsuccessfully in Victoria. A friend of mino who saw Forester landed on the Launccs- ton wharf informs me that the horse exhibited unmistakable signs of a permanent lameness. The dato for holding tho Campbell Town Steeplechase meeting has been altered to the 1st of October, a week in advance of Bothwell aaces. Tboso interested must bear in mind that entries for the Handicap Steeplechase close to-day. " Merlin '' in tho Tasmanlan says : — I had the pleasure of seeing The Assyrian at tho Campbell Town Show, and tho Melbourne Cup winner, who was awarded first prize, looked remarkably welt indeed. Ho has grown into a fine looking horse, and I was glad to bear good accounts of his stock. Mr. Agnow has the good fortune to own Ecveral marcs bred by the late Mr. T. W. Field, and these mated with Tho Assyrian should throw something worth train ing. The other stallions wero King Arthur and British Workman, two remarkably well bred horses. Mr. Job. Lord exhibited his two- year-old, Tho Connt, by King Arthur out of Caledonian's and Forester's dam, and the youngster, although rather small at present, is by no means a badly shaped one, and will no doubt sustain tho family reputation. Laura, by Horatio ont of Princetta, and therefore lull sister to that good but unfortunato stcoplc- chaser Nicholas, is a good sort, and will no doubt pay licrway. She is owned by Messrs. S. Page and J. H. Smith. The annual meeting of the Tasmanian Turf Club was held on tbo 7th inst. Notwithstand ing that the club lost £82 upon tho Winter Meeting, the committee had a very satisfactory report to present to the members. The total receipts for tho Summer Meeting amounted to £1680 17s. 6d., and tho expenditure to £1423 9s. 5(1, leaving a profit of £257 8s. Id., which is very satisfactory, and is something moro than a set off against the loss on the Winter Meeting. It. is gratifying to noto that the members' subscriptions brought in £384 17s., or an increase of £131 4s. upon tho previous year. Tho committee aro of opinion that this increase is in some measure due to the fact of hoving another raco mooting during the yoar, and therefore recommended that tho Winter Meeting bo perscvored with. Altogether, not withstanding the loss on tho Wintor Meeting, and that a largo sum was expended on im provements, £180 15s. 8d. was added to last year's balance, £243 14b. 6d., so that the club has now over £400 to its credit— a very satis factory state of things indeed, and plain proof that the affairs of tho club are admirably managed. Entries for (ho Murrumbidgco Turf Club's Spring Meeting closed on Tuesday, with highly, satisfactory results. Ths Gold Cup has at tracted 65, the Grand Stand Handicap 66, tho Ladies' Bracelet 53 and tbo Town Plato 65, all showing an increase on last year's on tries. A couple of dead heats were witnessed at the Gosforth Park Juno meeting, tho judge not being able to separate Bewdlcy and Glyndon in fho Gatcshoad Selling Handicap Plate, while tho same tiling occurred in connection with Stono Clink and IVinkclman in tho Third Biennial. Both races were run on tho same day- .Blue Grass covored tho distance of tho Northumberland Plate, two miles,' in 3 miu. 35_ ?-5th sec, Last year Lawiniaster, who carried tho same weight, 7 st, 131b., occupied 3 min. 33 3-5th sec. From statistics to hand, tbo Loudon Sports man learns that on the occasion of- tho recent royal raco meeting at Ascot no fewer than over 29,000 telegraph messages wero dealt with at the temporary telegraph office opened there. Wednesday — the Royal Hunt Cup day— is stated to have been tho busiest day of the week, when between 7000 and 8000 telegrams wero des patched and received from all parts of the United Kingdom, out of which number nearly 2000 messages were dealt with on ono of the duplex wires to London in the course of about threo hours, or an average of fully fen mes sages per minuto during that space of time. At tho recent Marden Deer Park sale seven of the best yearlings were purchased by a com missioner for export to Buenos Ayrcs. Racing was only commenced threo years ago at Buenos Ayrcs, and tho Government there havo just begun tho formation of a stud. They have already secured Lady Goligbtly (bought at Lord Falmouth's 6alo) as a brood mare. The com missioner who bought tho yearlings at Marden will take a trainer and jockey out with him on his return from England. It is said that three firms of bookmakers won upwards of £40,000 at tho Ascot Meeting, and that their gains, largo though they were, would have been prodigiously increased if Bendigo had been beaten in tho Hardwicke Stakes. At tho nnnual 6alo of her Majesty's yearlings at the Stud Farm, Hampton Court, fairly good prices wero obtained for tlio colts and fillies by Springfield, but bidding for the other lots ruled low. The sale realised alto gether 3140 guineas, or an average of 142 gui neas. A lot of really good work was done at Rand- wick on Thursday morning, and somo of tho gallops have had an influence upon tho betting market. Terminus and tho Piscator colt wore sent strong onco round, and Sir James and Arista cnntcred. Clnudine did a good mile and a qunrter, while Cairo had tho host of Brunker at . the end of a nice working gallop. But all tho work was put into the shade by tha excellent onco round accom plished by Folly, a four-year-old mare by Grand master— Swectlirs. Sho went strong and well all the way, and rattled over tho last 6 fur longs at such a wonderfully good pace that ono is tempted to believe she is a bit of a' jade, and that her temper did not allow her to race up to her best form either at Canterbury Park or Roso Hill. Ellington ran once round very nicoly, and Happy Thought and Astrrca each accomplished a telling once round. Wanda cantered and ran a smart three-quarters of a mile, and College Boy did a serviceable gallop. Uralla cantered and so did Lennox. The former looks as handsome as a picture, but it may be that she is more forward than is neces sary ; still hor trainer must know best, and as she is in wonderful health and spirits the early 3-year old races of tho coming season will be likely to go down before her. According to cuBtom, Liverpool and Thunderbolt did a long, strong, powerful gallop ou bo- half of New Zealand. Lord of the Lake saw Rapid home over a strong once round. First Chester appeared to do as ho chose with Solicitor. Englo Grange did a really good gallop with Espicglo and Merry Christmas, and Matchlock, Percussion and Nordenfeldt came home in close order at tho end of a good mile and a quarter. Isonomy, Phyllis, Friendship, IVillcroo, Mariner, Gold- finder and a great many others also worked. Despot seemed to havo Monto Christo in diffi culties at tho end of a smart brush, and High land Mary and a number of others worked on the inner track and tan. Tho betting market has shown signs of vitality during tho past week, and immediately upon tho defections from tho Caulficld Ilurdlo Raco and Steeplechase being announced, busi ness commenced in earnest. "Tho double" being tho favorite medium for speculation it soon became evident from the avidity with which Huntsman was coupled with tho favorite selections tor tho Steeplechase that tho Brigh ton horse's chanco over tbe small sticks was held in high esteem. The withdrawal of Morven of courscmado Wymlet a pronounced first' favor ite for tho Steeplechase, and tho " fancy double" was backed down to 100 to 8. Huntsman has also been coupled with Vulcan, MUicrvo and Studley, tho average pries being 100 to 4. Tho Caul- field contingent fancy "Batty's double," Tho Ghost and Lizetto, about which, however, 100 to 2 was offered, alter being accepted to tho tune of about a thousand. Tho same price was laid about Star and Vulcan, Star and Wymlet being operated on at a point shorter odds. After tbeso transactions bad been closed The Agent appeared on tho scene, and being heavily backed, at onco knocked Huntsman out of the favoritcship, leaving off very firm at 2 lo 1, tho double, Agent and Wymlut, also being in grcatrequost. For tbo Victoria Derby, New- stead's decided position plainly indicates that tho ring pay no attention to tho mysterious rumors that havo been flying about, 5 to 1 being difficult to obtain, whilst " 10 to 1 bar one "' went begging until tho middle of the week. Uralla's satisfactory appearance on tbo train ing ground however, has caused her to be backed to win a couplo of thousand at that price, and sho is now a firm second favor! lo nt 100 to 12 taken and offered. 10 to 1 can be obtained about anything else, tbo Now Zcalander, Thunderbolt, being most in request at that price. On tho strength of tho above mentioned gallop, Folly has been established a firm favorito for tho Hawkesbury Handicap, for which her weight is 6 6t., her prico now being 100 to 7 wanted. No favorito has yet been made for tho Maribyrnong Plate, but a good deal of speculation on a small scale has beon indulged in over tho Melbourne Cup, for which event Coronet has definitely assumed tho prmnior position, 100 to 6 being wanted. Tho samo prico is offered about Commotion, and thoso who so eagerly rushed tho old horso a month ago aro beginning to look anxiously for a move on tho part of tho stablo which has not yet taken place, now chagrined would lliey feci who havo so far forestalled tho stablo if tlio Caulflcld Cup should turn out to bo tbo old champion s mission. For tho latter ovent Hurricane has boon heavily backed, and now heads tho quo tations at 100 to 5, the next in public esteem being Velocipede, St. Lawrenco and the tuo South Australians, Lord Wilton and Lantern. 