CHAPTER XLII. THE WANDERER RETURNED. Alone amidst a multitude was Arthur Wilson. He haunted those scenes that had known him in other days ; they had a species of fascination for him. He lunched each day at a restaurant where he and Herbert Santley had been used to partake of their noon-day meal together-so long ago that it seemed to him that it must have been in a previous state of existence. His change of appearance was as a complete disguise, but his voice was the same, and was the cause of his being recognised ; when silent, he might have defied the inspec- tion of his nearest and dearest. What a wonderful thing is the human voice. There is a greater family likeness in voices than even in faces. Rela- tives, many degrees removed, have been traced by the similarity of voice, when there was not the slightest re- semblance of form or feature. Oné day while lunching as usual, he called for a dish in his natural voice. Herbert Santley was within hearing, and was in an instant before him ; he stopped in astonish- ment when face to face with the bronzed, bearded man, seemingly many years older than Ralph ; but Ralph was taken off his guard, and his confusion betrayed him, and then a yearning came over him to speak with a friend once more, and to hear all that could be told of his home and friends. "Ralph Broughton," said Herbert Santley, with a gasp, white to the lips, and shaking as if with ague. " Yes, Herbert, old fellow, you see I am not dead yet ; if my life were of any value to anybody I should have ceased from troubling and been at rest long ago, but I am alive and likely to live. Why, what is the matter ? you look as if you had seen a ghost." He looked ghastly, and the hand which Ralph took and shook warmly was cold and trembling. Not till he had had a glass of brandy did he recover sufficiently to converse with his old-times friend. They adjourned to Ralph's lodgings, and there the outcast heard all that Herbert could tell of the changes time had wrought. As he spoke Ralph looked with something of contempt upon the man he had once thought a friend. He knew that he had outgrown him mentally and morally, and ht wondered at his former liking. Herbert's dainty fínica; dandyism in dress, his affected style of conversation, th( meanness in the narrow retreating forehead, and the low secret cunning in the small close-set eyes, as well as th< small feminine nose and feeble chin, alt indications of i weak and vicious character ; and Ralph thought of th< careless boy of long ago, who had been content with th< friendship of one so little worthy, with wonder and con tempt. But how eagerly he listened to the news of his family of his father's whitened hairs ; his mother's failing health of how Edith was married ; with longing unutterable to b in the home-circle ODce more, to be loved and cared for a of old. » " I suppose, Herbert, no clue has been gained as to th mystery of the £500 ?" " No," said he hastily, "and never will be ; some thing never are found out, and this is one of them. Rest satisfied and think yourself lucky that you had not to languish i prison ; more than one man has before now had to pas weary years in confinement, or even to lose his life on th scaffold for a crime of which he was not guilty ; so tha there are harder cases in the world than even yours." " Rest satisfied ! be thankful ! do you say ?" said Ralpl roused to passion. "Why, every day that has passed sine that horrible affair has seemed a month; each year hs aged me like five ; I have endured martyrdom. Had I nc ?worked, aye, at manual labour too, until body and brai were too tired to think, I should have been tempted to cai away the life become burdensome to me. I have been fs from the haunts of man, civilised and uncivilised, but nev( got far enough to leave my troubles behind me. But, believe in the justice of God-I believe in Providenc Some day the truth will be brought to light ; and when is, I will mete out to the man who has wronged me tl mercy he has dealt me. If he has a heart to suffer, he sha suffer ; if he has a conscience to feel, he shall feel to tt uttermost. /, who never wronged a child even, to I branded with crime ; robbed of my name, my home, m friends, my reputation. It is enough to make a man wee] but all my tears were spent years ago ; anger remains, at a fierce longing for revenge. Revenge that shall be cor plete and final when my time comes. But I frighten yo Why, man, you must be chicken- hearted ; or, leading «liken, fine, dandy existence as you do, must weaken yoi nerves. You are white, and look as faint as a lady, little of the sort of life 1 have led would do you good ai brace you up. I must not talk of my wrong and worrie; I have kept it in so many years, only talking to mys< when alone in the bush ; it has seemed like a letting out water to speak of what has been so long pent up in n heart ; and each year that it has been brooding it h gathered strength and fury, till it is getting too strong f me. But tell me of Edith. Is she as gréât a beauty as i thought she would be ? How much I would like to s her! " " You can if you like. My father's wife (you rememl Agatha Santley) gives an entertainment next week, anc can introduce you as my friend, and you can see Edith a her husband. They are reported to be models of wedd bliss ; but then they have not been many months marri« Brayliegh is not much of a favourite of mine, but I ke friendly for Edith's sake." Ralph agre*ed to go, the temptation was too great resist, the longing was intense to see and speak with 1 sister, perhaps take her hand in his and listen to the lov tones of her voice. No child could have been more ea¿ than he for the coming of the evening when he should Í her again. A slight film of reserve had seemed to grow up betwc Reggie and his wife ; she had given him many opportunit of telling her of the love episodes between him and Agat Santley, but he had held his peace. His fancy for her h been such a boyish and evanescent one that he regarded as nothing ; but he would have freely spoken of it had not been for the circumstance that had occurred the night before his return to the country-when Agatha Munroe had offered to cast away her plighted word, and had told Reggie that she loved him still ; and because she had, when she found her love hopeless, begged him never to speak of it to anyone, but to let the past be as if it had never been. His tender consideration for womeb, his chivalrous kindly feeling, made him shrink from exposing what had occurred, even to his cherished wife. And she was too proud to ask his confidence ; if it were not volunteered it could be with- held ; but the thought rankled in her proud jealous heart. She in no way neglected his comfort, or slackened in her efforts to make their home a charming one ; . but she never offered the caress, and it was yielded as if only from wifely duty. He missed little attentions which amounted to nothing in reality, but whose absence was felt. Reggie was at a loss to account for the change, and strove to win her back to her own sweet self by redoubled atten- tions and kindness. The change in Edith was so slight as to be unobservable to anyone but her husband. Her father often joked her upon her wifely devotion, whilst aunt Hanbury thought her a model of all the graces and virtues, and worthy even of a De Brayliegh. Outsiders considered them a model couple, and quite a refreshing sight in this worldly state of existence where fashionable indifference is considered the correct thing between those whom God has joined together. The day came when the first of the series of entertain- ments to be given by Mrs. Santley was to take place. Work- men bad been busy arranging stages and decorations. Money had been spent lavishly, and Mr. Santley had in vain remonstrated with his wife when he saw the gold he so valued being spent like water. " You would ruin a millionaire, Agatha ; you are, without exception, the most extravagant woman I ever saw," said he, as he saw alterations of the most costly description going on. " I did not marry you to ruin me." " And what do you think I married you for, Mr. Santley ?" I said Agatha, in her coldest, most cutting tone. "Do you think it was because you were young, handsome, a gentleman, clever, or good, or for all these combined ? No ; you might have been all this, and you would have been nothing to me ; you might have been an Adonis for beauty, or an Admirable Crichton for knowledge, in'vain. I married you because you were a rich man, and I mean to obtain all the enjoyment I can get for money. A rich man never makes a greater mistake than when he marries a poor girl in the hope and expectation that she will be careful and saving. The more she has had to save the more she will lavish. I intend to spend money, so you may as well yield quietly. I am not the woman to be coerced." "We will see about that. I have settled a fine place upon you, the rental of which gives you an income that ought to content any woman of less rank than a princess, and I will allowance you in household expenditure ; you shall not, waste the patrimony that should go to Herbert ; and, what is more, if you defy me I will advertise you in all the papers, and forbid the tradespeople to trust you." j "I don't think you will," said Agatha, between her set teeth. "I could give information respecting a certain i correspondent of yours in California which would lead to ! inquiries by the police, and scarcely be welcome to the respectable Mr. Santley." As she spoke there was a dan- gerous glitter in her light eyes that meant mischief. She was scarcely prepared for the effect of her words, for the fact was she knew very little ; one of Jack.Dawson's ill spelt blotted letters had fallen into her hands, and she had imagined all sorts of evil in connection with it, and the evident complicity in guilt between him and her husband : but her ideas were wide of the mark-but it was sufficient for her purpose. Santley turned a livid colour, and sank trembling into a chair. He asked her to give him brandy, his quivering lips I scarcely being able to form the words. She complied, wit! a calm determined look upon her face, and a complacenl . feeling at her heart that she had the lever in her hands tc move him at her will. When somewhat recovered he asked her, hoarsely, "Woman, what do you know ? Tell me at once." " What I know I shall keep to myself, and you would hardly like me to speak your secrets ; walls, you know, hav< ears, and this is not one to impart to other people. Yoi have yourself forced me to allude to it. Now we will com« to an understanding. I will not ruin you, do not fear, bul I married you for your money, and I mean to have the ful benefit of it. I know your income ; I will not exceed it, bul I am not going to have my extravagant wings clipped, thai you may save for Herbert. Your secret shall be respectée by me, but never talk again of allowancing me, or of placing any check upon my expenditure. Be thankful that you hav< a wife who can receive your guests, and head your table ir a worthy manner, and do you credit." And having won hei victory she condecended to be gracious and kind, anc entered into a conversation about all she was doing, anc going to do, in reference to entertaining her guests. H< heard it with dulled ears and aching heart. He had sinnec and suffered for nought. The gold he had sold his soul fo would not benefit his son ; this woman he had married woulc spend it and leave him and his son to beggary. She wa¡ without heart, or even common decency. She did not scrupl to tell him she had married him for his money. Agatha lef him, but he sat and shivered as if the day was cold. H was nothing in his own house, the very servants treated hin with contempt, and the sense of guilt weighed so heaviT that he dared not resent it. Amongst his guests he wa merely Mrs. Santley's husband, and the wife, by her exquisit toilet, her fascinating manners, and her lavish hospitality gathered groups of admirers around her, worshipping at he shrine, and adding to the husband's discomfiture. The Santleys' house was lighted up, the garden wa decorated with Chinese lanterns, making it like fairy-land the air was musical with sweet sounds, gay laughter, an< redolent with delicious odours. Youthful figures flitte< about in the most elegant costumes, and all was gaiety an mirth. No one, to see that assembly, would imagine ther were any aching hearts amongst them. Loveliest among th lovely, gayest amongst the gay, was Edith ; she wa everywhere, the observed of all observers-and admirin glances fell on her from all sides. Reggie was very prou< of his wife, and liked to see her happy. The tableaux was most successful ; Agatha was a bon actress, and not only had distinctive powers, but the ar and tact to manage and arrange her groups to perfection The scenes were perfect, and were warmly applauded ; sh contrived that she and Reggie should act together, an< Edith with Herbert Santley, telling Edith gaily, "yo know my dear, it would never do to have husband and wif stage lovers," and she had her way. When the last scene was ended, and was followed b music and dancing, Reggie asked Edith for a waltz but sh refused, telling him that people would laugh at them for dancing together. "I don't care if they do ; if they enjoy their laugh we can afford to let them. Come, my pet, just one waltz to this delightful music;" but Edith declared she was tired and did not care to dance, and Reggie turned away dis- appointed. A few minutes after she was led off by Herbert Santley. Agatha saw this by-play, and also saw the hurt look in Reggie's face as he turned aside to admire some exquisite flowers on a stand near by. "You must not be jealous, Reggie, you know Herbert is an old lover of Edith's ; she was a sad little flirt, and poor Herbert would have broken his heart for her, if you men's hearts were not made of tougher material. Of course I have only heard his side of the story, but I believe she rejected him in a very cruel manner." "Agatha, I will thank you not to speak of my wife in that manner; she never was a flirt, and if she did reject him, she was perfectly right in doing so. Every rejection seems cruel to the rejected one." "Yon need not be huffy about it; with her wondrous beauty, what marvel that she should play with hearts ? How happy and bright she looks to night !" Reggie had just been thinking that she did not look particularly happy, and she had been casting frequent glances at the corner where he and Agatha were conversing ; but he looked at her now, and her cheeks were brilliant, and her eyes had a light that was almost feverish, but her sweet silvery laugh rang out upon the air, and he thought she must be happy. Just then she disappeared, and he lost sight of her amid the gay throng. Herbert led his partner to another part of the room, where, lounging amongst the wall flowers, was a tall broad shouldered form, whose bronzed face and vigorous look contrasted greatly with the town bred gentlemen by whom he was surrounded. "Edith," said Herbert Santley, "I want to introduce you to a friend of mine ; I know you admire heroes. He is one of the explorers so much fuss was made about some years ago-Arthur Wilson." Edith was interested directly in the man who had braved the terrors of uninhabited wilds, and toiled and suffered for the good of his country. "Mr. Wilson-Mrs. Reginald Brayliegh." Edith bowed, but the explorer extended his broad brown ungloved hand, and Edith laid her small white-gloved one within it, and was astonished at the friendly shake given it. Most assuredly this man was unaccustomed to the ways of fashionable society. Edith with easy graciousness of manner, listened and talked to this man with pleasure ; it was such a delight to hear something different to the honeyed compliments and flatteries, the small talk and chit-chat which were con- stantly dinned into her ears. She led him to talk of his adventures, and when interested he talked well ; and Edith never knew how long she had been listening to this stranger till Reggie came to find her. She introduced her companion to her husband, but they only exchanged a few remarks, and Edith was taken to supper. The culinary and decora- tive arts were exhausted to produce the exquisite repast that made that meal a feast fit for the gods. Nothing was spared to make it perfect ; and wine flowed, and lights blazed, and flowers bloomed in profusion ; tongues relaxed, and the laugh and the jest went round, and youth and beauty revelled in the good things provided for them. Reggie and his wife left soon after supper, each professing to have enjoyed themselves, and neither confessing that they had a care or a pain. That night the cloud darkened that had come between husband and wife ; each felt aggrieved with the other, and thought they had reason. They talked of the acting, the music, the supper, and -the guests, but there was not that confidence there ought to be between husband and wife ; and especially those who loved each other so deeply, and so sincerely as these married lovers did. That night Edith's dreams were troubled ; she thought she was a child again, and the time seemed to have gone back to when Ralph was at home, and they were all happy. Reggie, Willie, and little Dolly were there, butin a moment all was changed, and they were all grown up ; but Ralph had changed into the man with green spectacles, and bronzed and bearded face. He was urging her to some- thing that would separate her and Reggie ; she went, led by him, and immediately a precipice parted her from her husband, and she found herself on a bleak plain, alone, with Agatha and Herbert Santley laughing and jeering at her in the distance. She woke up, trembling and weeping ; her dream was so real that she felt so happy as she woke to find Reggie by her side. But again ehe dreamed a confused jumble, in which the bearded explorer, Herbert, and Agatha, did her some injury, and separated her from her husband again, and all she loved ; this time the sea parted them, and she found herself alone in an open boat, with howling winds and tossing waves between her and her home and friends. 