\- ; ~r , LECTTJJW, '. i \- - ^ , v ! , NEW GUINEA : 18 'ÎEÔPÎ.E; AND THEIR ' CUSTOMS. At the Protestant Hall, last night, the Rev. W. G. Hawes, the well-known New Guinea missionary, delivered a lecture, the subject of which was-" New Guinea : its people, and their customs." The lecture was given under the auspices of the Young Men's Christian Association, and the hall was crowded. The chair was occupied by Sir John Hay. President of the Legislative Council and on the platform were Baron Macleay, the Hon. C. Campbell, the Hon. A. Gordon, Captain Eldred, Dr. Garran, Messrs. F. Abigail, M.L.A., G. Withers, M.L.A., W Neill, Littlejohn, W. Russell, and the Revs. J. H. Fletcher, A. W. Murray, W. Pratt, T. Robjohns, Wyatt, Gill, Popper, Hans Mack, and Thomas Holme. Sir ' JOHN HAY said it was his very pleasant duty to in- produce to the meeting the Rev. Mr. Lawes, who had announced his intention to return to them. All of those present he believed were more or less acquainted with that gentleman, and he was sure himself that Mr. Lawes had come amongst them at a time when the minds of the people here, and in fact all the civilized nations of Europe and America, were very much interested with regard to the future of the great country of which the reverend gentleman knew so much. Many sections of the community here, and communities i in other nations, were looking forward to NeW GtiiROf M i scene for their enterprise, their occupation, or their aggrandisement. The planter would no doubt took to gather where the products that were consumed in temperate 7,01108, the commercial men would Deck them a market for their goods, and the minor would search there for the rich metals that were of such service to inhabitants of civilised coun- , tries). All theRe would in a certain degree seek not only to j tn__iHt,tho people of New Guinea, but to enrich themselves, li was now impossible to stem the current and to prevent civilised inch intruding into these new countries, but it was the duty of the people of these colonies as Christian citizens to see that the intrusion was conducted on principles of humanity. With regard to the circumstances under which New Guinea existed they were deficient in information. Statesmen were deficient in it, and the constituents of this colony were deficient in it. They were occasionally furnished with descriptions of the country and with information concerning it which were more or less correct, but iii great deal of which was tinged with self-interest. In such a case, therefore, to whom could they better look for accurate intelligence on these subjects than Mr. Lawes V (OhM.iv.) This gentleman find a large experience of New Guinea, and he had proved himself capable of making it highly valuable. Mr. Lawes're- lations with the natives were based on the religion of Christ and the principles of humanity, and they had been totally U-utTcctoil by personal interest. (Cheers.) It was <6 such men they were intended to look in such an emergency as the present, and such men were worthy their highest respect. He was sure the lecture they had assembled to hear would prove highly interesting and be listened to with a most encouraging attention. (Hear hear.) Mr. LAWES, who was received with long-continued applause, said - The first record of the people of New Guinea, dates back 300 years and it is not very inviting : " The people of these islands are all black, with frizzy hair, whom they of the Moluccas call Papuas ; they are great cannibals, and so given to düvilishne.s that the device go among them as corn tSanions." The inviting, name, however, of the island itself was probably given by a Spaniard, Order. do Rates, in 1616\. The name is supposed to have been given by a fancied resemblance of the natives to these of Guinea on the coast' of Africa. The -Spanish and Portuguese navigators, who were the first to visit the shores of New Guinea, were soon followed by the Dutch, and they have had some interest in the western part of the island from that period. The British were there at the beginning of the 18th century in the vessels commanded by Captains Cook, Dampier, Bampton, an Alt. The two latter actually annexed Darnley and neighbouring islands in Torres Straits, with the adjacent coast of New Guinea. The size of New Guinea is boutiques to the area of Great Britain and Franco- 300,00 square miles. Of this large area one half, or the western put up to 141 E. long., is acknowledged to be Dutch territory. The basis of this claim is not very substantial, nor yet very generally known, The claims of the Sultan of Tidore are the foundation of the Dutch, and these were originally to have extended only to the small islands of Weight, SaRwat. lind Rome there adjacent to New Guinea. It is only in the capital' of suzerain of the Sultan of Tidore that the Dutch have done anything on New Guinea. They are supported an I been took over as their own his claims. In August, is-, the only direct act of annexation sanctioned by the DatA Government took place. Commissary Van "Delden proclaimed the limits of Dutch territory on the south coat at 141' E. long., the boundary running thence westward round the coast to Cape of Good Hope in 2245.' The Dutch proclama- tion, moreover, does nosay how far inland this annexation extends. It takeslosscasion of the coast of New Guinea" between the two points mentioned, and of the lands hang between." his impossible to say by whom the straight line across thus and as the limit of Dutch territory was first made. In 1848 the Governor-General of the Dutch East Hies, Von Rochussen, defined the rights of the imitation Tidore as extending on the north coast to 140-47 E., jd then it only remained to join that point with the one with proclaimed in 1828. I need scarcely say that the majority of the people, all in fact in the interior, and in ignorance of the existence even of the Sultan of sides and would be the last to recognise his claims if he had ever made them over their territory. A small mine depot exists, or did exist, a few years ago at Duty Some poles supporting the Netherlands' arms were acted along the adjacent coast, but nothing more exists I represent Dutch authority; a fort was ODCO erected at Eton Bay, but was abandoned 60 years ago. Dr. Mer, who was travelling in Dutch New Guinea in 1883, and who, in anticipa- on of his journey applies the Government Resident at Ternate for protection, world that the Government could give him none, and that honest look out for himself. And now having done with ho half of New Guinea, I come to the S.E. ponineuiajiud that part of it of which I have personal kno lodge, p doing this I shall adhere to the t tie of my lecture, viz the people and their customs. As I prefer to speak only A what I have personally seen and known, I shall have pass over a large tract to the West of the Gulf of Papua The whole of the coast in the Fly River region is low an swampy. with such shallow water off the shore, that the navigation is dangerous, and the curio very unhealthy, Signor D'Albertis went 400 nity up the Fly River, but time will show whether he covered the main stream! of this large della. My congues, McFarlane and Scott, have established mission Riding on the Fly River, and are cutting the wild natives chat district under their influence But this I have to personally visited the Fly River, I will pass it by and just to the peninsula. The district of which I shall speak shall be that which begins at Bald Head and extends REst Cape. The raced of this part of New Gulneahro mixed. I shall not attempt to classify them, theorists, who have never' seen them, may do that. Of the coast, a dark race, almost black, is found, a. far as Cape Possession. From there lighter colour towards, with here and there darker ones sandwiched. Other mountains in the interior are tribes belonging probah to a different race. I say probably because it is believed some that those all belong to one and the same race. They certainly present features which, in my opinion, distindsh them from coast tribes. Koisti and Kalinga are of names by which these are known in the Port Moresby dficL The different languages spoken are very numerous. For the coast the language spoken by the Motu tribe Port Moresby is the most important. To speak of the natives generally, I should say they are not by any means a forbidding or repulsive people. The we not a very tall or fine race, although there are some and exceptions to this rule. Imagine a man about 6ft. in., his body a nice brown colour, and if he is a mash it will be covered with red earth and varnished with others face painted in different colours, a piece of pglishcdjono through his nose ; his hair long and frizzy, crammed with bird of paradise plumes and cockatoo feathers Ha teeth black or red; his ears weighted down with his, ear ornaments : his waist compressed to waspish proposes, with a broad belt of black, shell armlets on his arms, analog's teeth necklaces round his neck a breast ornament (hour's tusk or pearl shell ; a gaily painted willst ribbon and long streamers front and taking a anklets and kneelers coloured flax, a small netted bag over his shoulder, and a oh am pot in his hand imagine all this, and you have a typioujow Guiteau. The women match the men. The young men wear an abundance of ornaments, but after marriugvery low. They are all profusely tattooed, and wear a cm ed grass petticoat which reaches to the knees. I think k have here is very good looking pair, who owes nothing the tailor or dressmaker. Fashion is despotic on New Gaol, and all acknowledge her sway. Their get-up wouléroato a sensation on your book, but the women j'udicloufloavo the tight-lacing to the men : they don't resort of official contraction or ox Bandon, and have no slx-butto'lovcs or high-heeled shoes. The hookes in which they live angular, but adapted to the wants and circumstances of the pie. Every man has as good a house, as he himself candle, and they have no nails, and until quite lately no tool those of stone and wood. The characteristic of the newly-rich house is that it is built on piles raised from 6 to 20 from the ground. There is a necessity for this in the coast POOR, for they are mostly in the water; many of the, as the, Knpapnpa and Hull, below low water mark, and was surrounded by deep water. , Others, as at Port Aesby, are just below high water mark, the fronts of the life jutting on the street, end brays dry. The only reasltho people can give for building up is that their fore did so, but the probable reason for their flora doing so in that they were settlers, and be afraid of the inland tribes built their houses so that straight escape if attacked by taking to their canoes. WhFtiuibor is plentiful as at the inland villages of Baron, Pain and the coast village <jf'filalo, the houses are very larWd well built. They, moreover, generally consist of thistles, the first a large platform, or ball, the general sitting dining room ; above fund behind that a room in whitford, tools, We, are kent, at-d'wí-orri'tho young people sleotWhtle above the L quite a in the roof, is a sleeping room where the choicest treasures are kept. This" is generally shut, and visitors are not supposed to intrude there. In all the isobars, or inland villages, are two houses, from 30 to 50 feet high, sometimes two or three in one tree. These are not built among thick branches. All is quite clear beneath the houses, and they are built on a platform reached by a series of ladders. They propertied up in the trees in this manner principally for defence, and as a lookout (ghosts), They are generally inhabited at night. I have often see the mother, with a child and a firestick, climbing up the rickety ladder to bed. At Elemn, in the west, are one long houses such as are common on the banks of the Fly River and in Borneo. Mr. Chalmers visited one which was ICO foot long. It had a large peaked portico, 30 feet wide, supported- by posts 80 feet high. From this high front it tapered and narrowed away to the end, 100 feet distance. In some places on the coast, as at Malva, the houses are like roofs, only squarE. on the ground. They are thatched right down to the ground, have no window. and only in Hamill aperture for a door. They are said to be built so as to be a protection against mosquitoes. It is pretty hot and very silky for them inside None of the houses possess anything in the way of furniture; a log or two of wood to serve as a pillow, and a few many, being all. Every house has a made fireplace in the centre, and generally a fire burn- ing day and night. At the east end of New Guinea the houses are generally very inferior. The houses of the whole of the cast peninsula, from their Bim, stability, and workmanship, indicate a good deal of mechanical ability, especially when you remember the rudeness: of the tools and absence of mechanical appliances. The canoes of the people are also very ingenious and good. With no fool but of stone and that the people build vessels in which they can take long sea voyage, as much as 200 miles from home. Canoes are of great variety. There is the small fishing canoe for inside the reef ; the larger are trading ones, some single and some double ; they are all propelled by mat fails. New (Jiiinonna have a great objection to paddle, if by waiting there is any chance of the wind saving them the trouble. Canoes are often manned (!) by women, who make first-rate sailors. At the east end of New Guinea they build large canoes very much like whaleboats, and can sail with them as CLOSE to the wind as we can with our vessels. These are profusely ornamented, and the decorations and carvings are really graceful and artistic, ions of cargo are brought every year from the gulf to Port Moresby in huge, square-shaped vessels. These are made of 8,10 and even 12 or 14 great canoes firmly lashed together ; they are then covered over with saplings, bulwarks made all round, and a house built at each end ; a crab cone-shaped sail is hoisted, and with a fair wind these unwieldly craft make good progress and safe voyages. And now having described the houses, I will speak of the kind of life that is lived in them. The social life of the people is interesting, and by no means repulsive. A great deal of Interest always gathers round the marriage customs of a people. In New Guinea, a wife being looked upon as a valuable possession, she is always bought. They pay much more for a wife than for anything else, and a woman is proud not of the dowry she has brought her husband, but of the price he has paid for her. The most interested parties are not always consulted in these matrimonial hnrgnins-(Keni's Kardina and going). love, however, generally manages in the end to defeat policy. Botrothals often take place very early, even at birth'; something is paid as deposit money, and as soon as the girl is able to fetch water she begins to carry it for her future husband. If. after the marriage, the young people do not got on well together, they soon separate. Divorce is very simple : the husband has only to tell his bride to go home to her mother, and she is off. It will take a lot of coaxing and food to get her back. If any other young man wins her affections the whole payment has to he returned to the former husband and he can then go again into the matrimonial market. After the birth of a child, divorce is very rare; customs vary among different tribes. In one place young girls are not paid for, but windows secure a very high price. Polygamy is not very common. In many places the people are too poor to afford such luxuries in others, the first wife of j ocean, and if she is a powerful speaker her opinion is generally respected. There is often a good deal of broken crockery in polygamous household (Gabo); sometimes, however, they live peaceably together, uno man at Port Moresby had two wives, who, he says, never quarrel ; but then he has married a living wife's sister, and by this means has avoided having an extra 2 mother-in-law a very important consideration in New Guinea. The first does not always object to a No. 2. If she is sure of being boas, and No. 2 is an industrious, hard-working woman, she has no objection. One young masher chief dismissed his five wivesonodny, and before night he had as many offers from candidates for the vacancies. In the families of the people there is generally a great deal of real affection between the different members. In sickness they are very attentive and cures al of each other. Their grief at the death of their relatives is very deep and pathetic, although some of their customs in showing their affection for the deceased are to us exceedingly repulsive and disgust- ing, i he occupations of the natives are very varied, for they are by no means IKIN. At daybreak every morning a I siring of women may" be seen going to fetch water. It is a primitive Eastern custom, and a very healthy one, conducive to a good physique and graceful figure. About 8 o'clock the women, and at some seasons the men, go inland to their gardens and do not return till about 1 o'clock, and in the planting season not until 3 or 4 o'clock. The soil in their gardens Is well cultivated, and is enclosed with good fences. The men and women share pretty equally all this work. The women do the cooking, and every evening the port all through the village are boiling, if they have anything at all to boil. Their cooking utensils are not numerous, they have no iron vessel at all earthenware pots of various shapes and sizes meet all their requirements. The inland tribes, where pottery scored, cook with her sons in the same way as the South Sea islanders. Their bill of fare is not very extensive or varied. Green bananas are in many places the staff of life, and in all very largely used. yams, taro, sugar-cane, sago, and cocoanuts are at different seasons in use. Made dishes of saco, bananas, and cocoanut are not to be despised. The comet villages get a good deal of fish and wallaby, ' Wild pig is H luxury, and in OHIO places what is known as long pig," but cannibalism is not universal. They have no intoxicant drink of any kind. The use of tobacco was known before we went to New Guinea, and betel chewing is universal. The inland tribes eat snakes, lizards, and birds, and are all exceedingly fond of salt. The procuring of this food occupies some time every day ; every household has to look out for itself and got its own. The men make good pets of various kinds and sires, and in the neighbourhood of Port Moresby do not use hook and line at all. They are expert in dugong and turtle fishing, and at these times are under strict taboo. The women often go out on their own account, and they only are »heU-fi-ihor». They take to the sea almost from birth (Hula mother), and are as much at home in the water as on land. There is great excitement when the long grass is burnt and the hunting season begins. Many hundreds weight of wallaby meat are brought down from inland and consumed every' week until the people get tired of it and long for fish again, Each season has its own particular work, and almost every place has its special manufacture. The Motu tribe, for instance, are the pottery makers of that coast, and thousands of pots and bowls are made at Port Moresby. Other places make shell necklaces, earrings, nose sticks, or women's petticoats. A very complete system of barter prevails between the coast villages and the inland tribes, as well as between the different coast tribes. The women are generally the traders, and very keen ones they make. At Thorcpunu there is a regular fish market. The. women buy fish from the fishermen for bananas and yams. The fish they give a bunch of bananas for to-day they will take up the lagoon to-morrow and sell for two. Cent, per cent., or large profits and quick returns, is their motto. Weapons and tools are made both for home use and for barter. At the east end of New Guinea carving is very common and really artistic. In wartime and unfortunately they are common everything is given up for fighting ; the wholopopulotiun gets wild with excitement, and they are like wild beasts at the eight of blood. The diseases of the people are not numerous, although the climate is to strangers very unhealthy. The natives themselves suffer from fever, though it is not severe. The disease that follows everywhere in the white man's weak Is unknown on New Guinea, their most serious and troublesome disease is ulcers of various kinds ; leprosy, too, is met with. A skin disease, which covers the whole body with a kind of. ringworm, is travelling along the coast from the East. It is very loathsome to us, but the natives do not seem to, mind it at all. Smallpox was epidemic about 16 years ago, and carried off thousands. It came from the west and travelled eastward, and has never appeared since that time. Colds, coughs, and opthalmia are often epidemic. They have no medical treatment for any disease. As it is supposed to be a bewitching of some. kind, they have resort to medicine men and women, who pay enormous fees. They perform incantations over the disease, cook the affected part, and pretend to draw stones, string, and rubbish from the place, in the case of an epidemic the whole village turns out at night to drive it away. They bent tom-toms, throw firesticks, shout and yell most furiously, and go from one end of the village to the other 'The government is difficult to explain to those who are accustomed to civilised and Christian government. The chief rule, but their power is not great. At Port Moresby, besides the big chief, who was a policeman, there was a robber chief, a fighting chief, and a feasting chief, besides some others less important. In any matter affecting the whole community these men would have a good deal of authority. Especially has the home chief power of vetoing any expedition which the fighting or robber chief may wish to load. The vox populi has a good deal of power, and the others have to listen to it. Over individuals the chiefs have very little authority, and would never interfere to prevent quarrelling or stealing in other families the their own. No chief has a right over the land of a tribe. He may hold a good deal of land himself from his position as head of a family, but this gives him no right over the land of others, The people have some outward respect for their chiefs, and certain rules of etc- quette are always observed, but there is nothing externally to distinguish a chief from his fellows. The character of the people generally may be inferred from what I have already said.' They are industrious in their own homes and in their accustomed routine, but they enjoy the most por four freedom, and have never called any man master. They work when and as much as they like, but no more. They NO exceedingly superstitious. By day and by night they are in rear of evil spirits at sea and on land, in fishing and in hunting, they are in slavish use of supernatural powers. Nothing would induce some of them to land at certain places on the coast, or to go Inland after dark. The medicine-man prey upon their fears and extort heavy fees (meats and varimana).. , A word from one of those medicine men will prevent a' trading expedition going to the west for sago.' He has only to ?*¡y,«'.You AM. go, but you won't come back, and they will stay, and the whole village be on the verge of starvation for three months, They have very confused ideas about the rights of property, and are notable thieves clever, and unblushing, too, in' their pilfering. A strong village will go to a weak one and help themselves to whatever they like. Might is right with them. They are not so bloodthirsty end treacherous as they have often been described; but human life has little value with them. There is more of the sneaking murderer in (horn than the brave warrior. The men who are brave and can be called noble savages are very rare, and the exceptions to the rule Cannibalism prevails in the East and West, but from Cape Possession to Orangerie Bay is held in abhorrence - ate at Part (women at ferns). Feasting and dancing are the peat delights of the people, and when not excited by blood and the spirit of revenge are a mild, intelligent, merry crowd. But a trivial matter may at any moment bring on a change is Budden and as wild as one of your " southerly busters." ' They have no records of past history. They have a good many stories and legends, but only a few know them. Their language is full and systematic. The coast tribes about Port Moresby can count up to 100,000, and the children whom we have in our schools have proved themselves exceedingly intelligent, and apt to learn. They count time by means, and have names for each moon in the year. I have tried to interest you in a people whose habits are still primitive, one of the few remaining races untouched by civilisation. They are a people who do not know what money" is, and who UPO no metal ; they have no doctor or lawyer, no tailor or shoemaker, no dressmaker or milliner, no grog shop or gaol, no policeman or magistrate. Letters and newspapers ore unlike unknown. Their houseS have no chair or table, their bedrooms no bedstead, blanket, or pillow. Their ki lobes have no ovens, iron pots, or pans, and their cookery is painfully plain. They never drink milk, and have no beef or mutton, bread or rice in their bill of fare. Without trades or professions, they are all gardeners, hunters, and fishermen ; they work when they like ; sleep, smoke, and play when they like ; have little regret for the past, and no anxiety for the future. These are now to be brought into contact with our nineteenth-century civilisation, and nineteenth century greed for gain so that whether desirable or not it is impossible to leave them in their primitive simplicity. in the struggle for wealth, will the weaker race have fair play ? Has the aboriginal race of Australia had fair play (2 No.") Has the weaker ever had it. It is no use talking about going to New Guinea in a philanthropic or benevolent spirit : Philanthropy)' and benevolence have nothing to do with it. Those who will go, will go to make money in New Guinea, and the natives will be the object of interest only so long as they may help in attaining that object as soon as they cross the path of block the way they will have to go, as the American Indian went, us the Tatinnniaua have gone, and the New Zealanders are going. I re- joice in the word " Protectorates," because I believe that the Government means it, and will do all that can be done by law and regulation to conserve the native races, and protect their rights. And it remains to be seen whether the Germans in the part over which their flag flies will not join with the British Government in the protection of the natives. It is remarkable how much new interest in the natives has been developed in the public, mind since that little strip of northern coast has been claimed by Germany. " The natives will be ruined by the firearms and spirits of those dreadful Germans, who care nothing about the aborigines if they can only make money !" This is the kind of talk we hear now. It will be many years before there can be any intercourse or communication between the northern coast and any part of the southern shores over which the British Protectorate has been proclaimed. Of course, if our boundary is now being extended to Huon Gulf there will be some point of contact, some place where the people of the two protectorates will meet. It is important that the teams policy should be followed by the two Christian and friendly Powers. But while the Government may be left to do her duty and if she is remiss there are plenty to rouse her I am anxious that the Christian public of these colonies should do their duty. I hope the public press and every other voice by which the public will is made known will utter no uncertain sound, that the world may know that come what may the natives of New Guinea are to be protected as their simplicity and ignorance demand. Let a firm, strong public opinion strengthen the bands of the Government in carrying out the provisions of the proclamation, and the bird of paradise may hover in peace over the emu and kangaroo of an advance. Australia I see no reason why' the interests of both races should not be identical, and Australian trade advance with New Guinea civilisation. We have shown, I think, that the natives are capable of developement and progress, and I think we have proved, too, that Christianity I'R the true basis of civilisation. It would be an easy matter for these colonies to double or treble their contributions for missionary work in New Guinea. If you find the money, the men will soon be forthcoming. Depend upon it, nothing but the Gospel of Jesus Christ with raise men who have we fallen so low as those of New Guinea, but under its influence they will become a united, free, and happy' pi opie. (Loud applause). Baron MACLAY said he was quite sure it was the general wish of the meeting that their best thanks should be accorded to the Rev. Mr. Lowe for his highly intoning lecture, and he moved that the rev. gentleman be tendered their most courteous acknowledgements. Mr. A. GORDON seconded the motion, and it was carried by acclamation. Mr. LAWES acknowledged the compliment, but he desired to say one or two plain words In return. Applause and thanks were not everything, and alone they would not evangelise New Guinea. He looked for practical results. He wanted fools and books, and such things, for use in the schools In II ov Guinea, and he would be very glad to have the means to take them back with him. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. 