THEY SAY. Never judge a perse n by tho number of his shoe ; never judgo & Christian by tho rental of his pew. "Comtin," says Artomns Ward "is liko straw berries and cream— wants to bo did slow ; then yon yet tue navour. One of tho greatest needs of Sandhurst is scats in front of the chnrchos. It's very bard on tho young men to have to stand on the sidewalk during services. She— Won't you present mo to your friend, please ? He— But you are not mino to give And if you were, you know, I think I should keep you for myself. She— Always ? He— Always. (Cards are issued immediately.) Mies Roselcaf (who is trying to forco a con versation—What do you suppose, Mr Van Noodle, makes onr hostess's receptions bo in variably stupid ? Mr Van Noodle— Am, weally, I haven't a ghost of an idcaw. Miss R.— And au tuo otnor gentlemen are very mncnuxo you. Yes, that must be the reason. After the marriago of Miss Lillian Snlggs) tho bridal party partook of a sumptuous break fast, towards the end of which a younger brother of the bride got np and said solemnly, raising his glass " Ladles and gentlemen, I havo to propose a toast, which, howevor must be drunk standing. Floaao take your glasses nnd rise up." The guests, although somowhat bewildered, did so. "Now," said tbe young scapegrace, "if you will remain standing for n few minutes I'll find out who has been sitting on my now hat." "Ain't you awful glad that you aro bald, papft?"Baid the littlo girl. " No, I can't say that I am." "Well, I should think you would be, for you can always havo ftU tbo fun you want." " I would liko to know how that is ?' asked papa. " You don't lmo to comb your hair, nor havo it cut, and whon you go to the theatre they always give you tho best seat, way down where tho music is, nnd you havo lots of fun,idon't you, papa?" "Mamma," said tho bald- headed pirate, "our littlo girl is awful sleepy." gTho Shuttle family sits around the ovening firo nndmanagcB to enjoy itself notwithstanding tho rattling and slamming of tho shutters by tbo wintry winds. " Tho English have whipped those wild Egyptian hordes, I seo, said Job ns be threw down tho paper. "I am gladof it,' rejoined his wife ; " Egyptian mummies will be choapor now." "What if they are? Do you lYttllw UU pblUIl lUUUIIUjr I A nuui» ouum,- tliing that ill keep quiet whon I'm trying to count tho stitches on tho worsted shawl." ()fBiU Elder and Miss Holen Kindly, havo boon engaged to be married for somo time, Tho other nigbt old Mrs Kindly camo Into tbo parlor where tho levers wero, and foiuid them scowling and fighting liko cats and dogs. " My good gracious, Helen, how can yon quarrel ao with. VfUlinm? People out on tho street will think, you nro married already." Tho subject bad follou on wedding tours Una said, "I'd go to Switzerland."— " Id go to Italy," said another.-" For my part," ..said Mdlol Tata, "I shouldn't mind whore ' wo wont- as lonff as there wero plonty of tunnels." u poverty has its cares, my son," said Cyrus W. Field ; "but, then, woath has its cares, too —more than poverty, ton to ono. Look at tho panics on tbo monoy market overy week. Do you ever hear of a financial panic in on alms house?" " Now this," said the editor, sa ho read n poem beginning, "Come and drink," "thiB is tho most inviting WQmosrlpt x qyot received," 