The Extravagaut Hindu Legend. Of .the Hindu l^ends the most striking feature is their wildness. Is it -a protest against the dull monotony of life in India? Or is life less monotonous - to the native than tci the European ? Iial Behari's tales, anyhow, are wilder than the -wildest JiItB of the " Arabian Nights." A young maa pats an egg of the toontoonia bird into a cupboard, and out of it comes a babe that, grows into the loveliest girl the world ever saw. The mannik stone in some snakes' heads: is worth ..the wealth ot -seven kings. In a certain city an elephant is king maker, but the king of his choice only reigns a day, for out of the queens mouth comes a threadlike snake, which slays him in the bridal chamber. A long-lost son, who had fallen in love with his motherland has- mounted the cow-house roof that ?fae;may.break in and carry her off, happily hears his life's story from two calves that are. quietly discussing: him : below. A -wife going out of doors on a dark night accidentally, knocks up against a Sankohinni,; white ladyghost, that sat ?on a low branch;: The revongetul,creature .at once took her by the throat, thrust her into a hole in the: tree,.- and went in, taking her shape so completely that the mother-in- law, that universalinm&ie; of the Hindu hut, was deceived. The only difference was that, whereas the wife had been weak.and languid, the ghost .was brisk and active;: " She has turnedover a new leaf; m muchithe hetter,'":<Baid iihe mother-in-law; when theicrrands and the cooldng were c'one in next to no time. But one day the old woman :caught. sight - of the ghost fetching something- from the next loom ghost fashion; by stretching out along arm—-for - ghostsxan stretch their limbs a great way, though not as far as Balt8hasis -can. She said nothing, but told; her son, and they watched, and before long they.Mw-the kitchen hearth ;ablaze, though they knew there was no fire in tho iionse.' »looking >through a chink they.saw that the wife had thrust her foot into the oven, sand that it was burning like a. bit of wood. " She's a ghost,'' they whispered, as they went for the ojha, who tested her by burning tumeric under her nose. -She proved her. ghostship by screaming; .and was then beaten with . slippers ^tiU .she confesBed and showed . where lithe .real wife was, and-was againsbsaten till she promised never to flo the' family, any further. • harm All the Year Round. Look on it, lift it, bear it solemnly, .-•• ? Stand ap and walk beneath it steadfastly. ' Failnotfor sorrow,ialternotforaiii, But onward, upward, till the goal ye win. 