'"OLD ROACH" and HIS ADOPTED DAUGHTER. BY HARRY J. CONGREVE. CHAPTER III. SHARING PLUNDER—FORMING PLANS. Of course, as will be supposed, an intimacy thus romantically commenced, did not terminate suddenly, but rather ripened into a deep attachment. This was but natural, for there were no obstacles on either side in the shape of prior engagements, and on her part what other feeling but love for her deliverer, could repay the debt of gratitude she owed and felt ? and on his was it not natural that tender care for the girl he had rescued, and perhaps a little pride at the one achievement of his life should soon deepen into a stronger feeling ? Suffice it to say that such was the case, and these two strong parallel streams of deep feeling, so near naturally united and flowed on henceforth through the fields of life together. To return to the burglars. At a later hour of the night, in a thick copse, some miles distant from the scene of the robbery, they paused to examine their booty, and to share between them the ready cash which had been stolen. The place which they had chosen for their retreat was in the centre of a very thick clump of holly. They were walled round as it were, by an impenetrable prickly hedge, through which the rays of their lantern could not penetrate. As soon as they reached this retreat and had obtained a light, the old man drew forth a flask of brandy, and after drinking some himself, handed it to Bill, who drained it of its contents. We now have time to examine this precious pair by the feeble light, while they are turning out the contents of their sack. Bill was young. Not more than twenty-three years had passed over his head. He was tall, and well proportioned with a magnificent chest, betokening strength. The beard upon his chin was as yet but scanty, but his hair was clustered in thick, crisp, black curls over his head. His eyes were large and dark, and full of fire, his teeth white as ivory, and his whole face and appearance handsome. The expresssion, however, was bad. Viciousness was predominent, and the life of sensual indulgence, but lately commenced, was already putting its seal upon his features and making an indelible impression. He was clothed in dark tweed from head to foot, and on his head he wore a military cap. Indeed his whole bearing was soldierly and left the conviction that he either was or had been serving in the army. His companion presented a great contrast to him. About fifty years of age, with a form, originally about five feet and- a-half high, but now considerably reduced by a stoop. His body was thin and emaciated, and his locks were well streaked with the signs of age. His hand already palsied by vice shook as it undid the fastenings of the bag, and his small grey eyes glittered like steel as they gloated over the golden ornaments and bright jewels that tumbled out upon the ground. He wore a long grey coat, dark trousers, and an old slouched hat upon his head. " Why Bill, we have indeed done a good night's job, these thingamys and trinkets will stand us in a good five hundred, and if there is any thing in this cash box like what I expect we can take a cabin passage for Botany Bay like swells." Bill did not answer for the excitement of the event was over, and his thoughts were recurring to the little lake, and the murder which he supposed he had committed there. His face was haggard. The devil-may-care expression was gone and he trembled at every sound. The old man, however, did not notice it, for he was busily engaged trying to burst the fastenings of the box. By degrees Bill recovered his composure and commenced to handle the booty, and as he felt the weight of the solid gold ornaments and beheld the sparkling of the diamonds and other jewels - present greed obliterated the past for a time. " Well," said he, "old man, these things are worth something, and I do think I shall take your advice and take a voyage for the benefit of my health. Ah ! ah ! ah ! Go on my travels as the swells do. How much is there in the cash box ?" It was, however, beyond the old man's strength to break it open, for the fastenings were of the strongest, so he handed it over to Bill, who with a vigorous effort burst the hinges, exclaiming, " There Sweeny, you should have strength like that." " Aye, you are a good strong fellow," was the answer, as Sweeny's heart jumped with delight at the large packets of notes and gold which tumbled out and were scattered about at their feet. " There, count it old man and let's whack out the lot and then we can carry the trinkets to the town." " No, no, that wont do. We'll divide the money now, and bury the others and then come for it again in a few days when I have found someone to buy it who will ask no questions." " All right, Sweeny — do as you like \- only make haste for its getting cold," said Bill. Then, suddenly starting as a gust of wind swept over the place moaning through the tree tops, " What's that ?" " What's what ?" replied Sweeny, after waiting a little to listen, " I heard nothing - you frighten a fellow." " I thought I heard a scream," said Bill in a trembling voice. The old man fixed his keen grey eyes upon him for a minute and then exclaimed, " Dont be a fool Bill. It's all flam about murdered men's ghosts, or women's either." Bill's face grew white, but he turned away to hide it while he said, " Then make haste. You don't want to be here all night I suppose ?" " Well, you just scrape a bole to bury the lumber while I count the money." After a little time the trinkets were buried in the ground, and a thick layer of dead leaves scattered over them so as to hide all appearance of their presence. Sweeny having counted the money said, " Here's six hundred and fifty pounds \- that's three hundred for you and three hundred and fifty for me." " Fair whacks old man," said Bill. " Why should you have more than me ? Couldn't I take the lot if I liked ?" he continued showing his brawny arm. " Aye ! but you don't want to !— The girl you know was to be yours, and you had her, and I ask no questions as to what you done with her," said Sweeny. " Well, well, give me the money," said Bill with a shiver, " and let's be off where we can get some brandy to drive out the cold." " Stop a minute. Let's settle about Botany Bay. A fine young fellow like you, who has begun so well — why, if you don't go free on your own account are likely to be sent out by the Government - if you don't get your neck stretched for being too strong." " A good many necks will be stretched before mine," was the response " but I'm agreeable if you are." " When ?" " As soon as you like." "Well then, I'll find out when a vessel sails and then we can take our passage. But take my advice Bill and keep quiet. Don't get on the spree or you might be suspected." " No fear of me. I'm going down to Scotland tomorrow and I shall keep quiet there till you send for me." " All right, and so now for London." And so this precious pair made up their minds to transfer their persons and their talents to the Australian hut. To Be Continued. 