? ':?'?' ..THE RUSSIAN ARMY AND NAVY.' ' - -'' Tha uncertainty which 'prevails viih regard to tho relations botweou England and Ru^ i.i owing to tho Afghan frontier quobtion imparts a'luil ion -1 intorost to tho state of tho Russian militn.-.v mid naval ro sourcos. Tho condition of tho rirm.v of Kussia was fully dealt with in an article, which uppuarcd rocontly in thoso columns, nnd it will now bo sufficient for tha purpose to stato that, omitting from our calculation non-combatants, Russia would in enso of war be ablo :to placo into tho field at onco 758,000 infantry, ?53,000 riflomen, 50,000 cavalry (included in which forco thoro would bo 14 indopondent cavalry divisions with 108 guns),, increased immodiatoly by about .48,000 combatants by tho formation of 79 additional Cossack rogimonts; 88,000 artillery, with 3,450 guns; -and 85,000 ongineors. The abovo figuroa uro based upon a work published quito recontly on tho Russian army, which onablos us to form an nccurato ostimuto of tho land forcos at tho disposal of Russia. Tho figuros given show that that country possosses a Held army of 1,038,000 combatants, with over 3,000 guns. As, howovcr, according to the samosourco, in caso of a mobilisation, an infantry rosorvo of 40,000 men would at onco bo available, tho grand total of a possiblo Russian fiold army could bo raised to 1,438,000 mon. But this docs not by any means represent tho roal . fighting Btrongth of 'Russia, for thoro is availablo a Becond rosorvo, tho first-class of which would supply nearly 2,000,000 mon, whilst no ostimato has yot boon formed of tho numbor comprised in tho secoud class. It has boon obsorved by a recont writor that Russia is. practically unassailable in Europe by England. To some oxtont tho justness of his conclusions must bo admitted; but sn rely ho cannot overlook tho fuct that in caso of hostilities tho Russian navy could not hopo to successfully copo with that of Great Britain. Alarmists in this country notwithstanding, our navy is still a weapon not to be despised, and tho Russian Oovornmont knows very well that groat injury could bo inflictod by our ships. At tho sumo time, it would bo folly if wo omitted to tako into account tho defen sive powor, such as it is, which Russia possossos in hor navy, It is true that navy within rocont years receded from tho third position, which it formorly occupiod, to tho sovonth placo nraong naval Powers; yet it is still formidable! enough to bo rospected, as tho i following statement will show. Tho Russian navy is divided into four divisions, tho Baltic Floot, tho Black Soa Floot, tho Sibornim Floor, and tho Caspian Fleot, of which, howovor, only tho first two coed. bo taken soiiously into account. Tho Baltic . Floot comprises 32 ironclads, — viz., 5 turret frigates, 8 armoured cruisors (3 of them building), 1 casemout ship, and fivo battery ships of tho old typo, all classed asbattlo ships, besides 13 monitors, for coast defonco, and all. launched boforo 1867; 94 torpedo vossols and boats, 24 cruisers, — viz., 2 torpedo ram cruisers (1 building), 12 clipper ships of tho now and 3 of tho old typo, 1 frigato, and 0 flu6h-docked corvettes, 12 gun Doaca oi rao now ana o oi too oiu typo, av yacuts — viz., 9 stoam yachts, 4 stenm cutters, and 17 sailing yachts; and 79 transport, harbour, &c;, ships (2 build ing), of which only 2 aro sailing ships (1 building). Total strength of tho Baltic Fleet : 240 vossels of all classes (of which 5 are under construction.) The Black Soa Floot comprises 7 ironclads — viz., 3 turret ships (all building), 2 Popoffkas, and 2 armoured gun boats, 14 torpedo vossols nnd boats. 7 cruisors of the volunteer fleet, 3 auxiliary cruisors; 80 other unarmoured vosscls— viz., 2 yachts, 2 flush-dock corvettes, 1 scrow- stonmor, 2 paddlo-stoamors, 14 screw-schoonors, 14 vossols classed as steamers, 45 small stcamors, 1 mine-ship, and 5 fire-ships. Total strength of tho Black Sea Floot : 117 votsols of all descriptions, somo of them, however, vory old. Tho three most powerful ships of that division of tho Russian floot aro still undor construction. As was stated abovo, the Siberian and Caspian fleets do not count for much, and tho latter would only come into requisition in caso of an Afghan or Porsian war for tho transport of troops; but to make this return com pleto they should bo included. Tho Siberian fleot comprises 0 torpedo boats, 1 clipper, 3 transport vessels, 4 gunboats, 14 steamers of various sizes, and 18 sailing vossels : total, 46 vessels. The flotilla of the Caspian consists of 3 screw gunboats. 1 scrow steamer, 7 paddle stoamors, 8 small steam vossols, 8 sailing transports, 3 other sailing vessols, and 3 firo ships— total, 33 vessols. Aa tho Caspian would, in caso of a war with Afghanistan, becomo mi important route of communication, tho deficiency of steum trans ports ought to bo noted. Russia also possesses some naval material on the sea of Aral, consisting of 0 steamers and about 20 sailing vossols; but, leaving those, as immaterial, nut of tho roekoning, tho sum total of tho Russian Navy amounts to 442 vossols of ull descriptions. Of this number, howovor, a great many are almost usoless; nnd confining ourseivos to really efficient ships, we find that Russia has only 18') of thorn availablo for sorvico, 25 being ironclads ( in battle-ship?, 13 coast dofoncn \ ossols of thn monitor ':?.?? class, and 2 armoured gunboats, ) 1 torpedo ram cruis er, 114 torpedo boats 20 unarmoured cruiser?, and 10 : gunboats, bosidos a largo numbor of transports, &c.; 'Wo havo not included in this estimate 1 casemato ship and 5 battory ships of an old typo, nor the 2 Popoffkas; nor, finally, gunboats and cruisors of an tiquated pattorn, which would not stand the ghost of a chanco in a naval encounter. In a possible collision in Afghanistan botweon this country and Russia, only a small proportion of the immonso military forces at tho disposal of tho latter could bo utilised at present. If a struggle woro to tako placo now, Russia would havo to draw, in tho first placo, upon tho troops located in Turkestan. Thero aro at prosont of regular troops 10 battalions of rifles recruited and stationed in tho Trauscaspian provinces, say about 10,000 men. Thoro aro no data availablo as to tho numbor of cavalry and artillery garrisonod thoro, nor of the irregular forces that could bo raisod on tho spot. In tho noxt place, the Russian Government has a large force in reserve in Transcaucasia, which is at liberty to omploy either in the direction of Turkoy, Persia, or Afghanistan. Russia has at proseut permanently stationed in tho Trauscaucnsian provinces an army 'which, on a peaeo footing, numbers about 128,000 men, but which will no doubt, bo largely nugmentcd by the introduction of compulsory military sorvico in 'that portion of tho Empire. Incase of war, a considerable portion of the army would probably be shipped across the Caspian by way of Baku and Michailovsk; but tho chief supply of combatants would bo drawn from European Russia, over Odessa toPoti, nnd thonco by rail to Baku, and across tho Caspian. Tho most sorious obstnelo to the employment of a largo force is the difficulty of trans port. Tho Transcuspian Railway extends at present from Michailovsk to Kizil Arvat, 135 milos, only a short way to Horat, which is 523 miles from tho Cas pian port; but thoro can: bo no doubt that its grad ual extension to Askabnd, Sarnkhs, nnd Herat is only a question of time. Tho respite thus grunted to Eng land ought to bo made good uso of. — Morning Post. 