THE EXTRAVAGANT HINDU LEGEND. Of the Hindu legends the most striking feas ture is their wildness. Is it a pretest agains- the dull monotony of life in India ? Or it life less monotonous to the native than to the European ? Lai Behari's tales, anyhow, are wilder than tne wildest bits of the " Arabian Niglit3." A young man puts an egg of the toontoonia bird into a cupboard, and out of it comes a babe that grows into the loveliest pirl the world ever saw. The mannik stone in some snakes' heads is worth the wealth of eeven kings. In a certain city an elephant is king maker, but tbe king of his choice only reigns a day, for out of the queen's mouth comes a threadlike snake, which slays bim in the bridal chamber. A long-lost son, who bad fallen in love with his mother, and has mounted the cow-house roof that he may break in and carry her off, happily hears his life's story from two calves that are quietly discussing him below. A wife going out of doors on a dark night accidentally knocks up against a Sankchiuni, white lady ghost, that sat on a low branch. The revengeful crea ture at once took her by the throat, thrust her into a hole in the tree, and went in, tak ing her shape so completely that the mother- in-law, that universal inmate of the Hindu hut, was deceived. The only difference was that, whereas the wife had been weak and languid, the ghost was brisk and active. " She has turned over a new leaf; so much the better," said the mother-in-law, when the errands and the cooking were done in next to no time. But one day the old woman caught sight of the ghost fetching something from the next room ghost fashion, by stretch" ing out a long arm—for ghosts can stretch their limbs a great way, though not as far as Rakshasis can. She said nothing, but told her son, and they watched, aud before long they saw the kitchen hearth ablaze, though they knew there was no fire in the house. Looking through a chink they saw that the wife had thrust her foot into the oven, and that it was burning like a hit of wood. " She's a ghost," they whispered, as they went for the ojha,who tested her by burning turmeric under her nose. She proved her ghostship by screaming, and was then beaten with flippers till she confessed and showed where the real wife was, and was again beaten till rhe promised never to do the family any % irtiier harm. — iul (he Year Round? 