I SPORTING INTELLIGENCE, j SOUTH AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB MEETING. ADELAIDE CUP DAY. The Adelaide Cup, postponed frotnThurs day last on account of unfavourable weather, was run nt 1 lemington on Saturday, and con sidermg that outside the race of the day there wns noother cventof any importance on the card theiittcndancewasfiiirljsitisfactor) \s nu the first of the meeting, ii vers large shaie of the patron ige was given to the giand stand enclosure where, m addition to the list ol V l>.C members, there w is a large gathering Aniou"st the visitors were His 1 xcellency the Governor and suite Neither the hill nor the Hut vvis oveiclouded, though the attendance in each place was lirger than on Miturdiy list In the morning the weather prospects were not reassuring, but it remained line, though dull, throughout the da) On the lawn the Australian Military Band, under Signor /elmaii went through an excellent musical programme 'Hie lacing commenced with the Maiden Plate Six horses wire on the card for the event, butonl) three saddlid mid ol these ii impsteud was thought to be best, the od Is bung on lum Mr Ù b ANallaces foiirjear old l ipn, who, although a patt) regular pirfornier, had up to Sntiudn) rcmaniidn maiden managed to break Ina run of ill lucl, for he hid little trouble in disposing of the j minder pair as soon as O Brien m the saddle naked him to do so Ten joungsters made up n very fair laid for the straight three quurteis of a mile run in the Isurscry llaudieap 'Hie best of them nt wci"ht tor age was undoubtedly the Ade laide lilly Juannn but she had lill) more to carrj than the next below her in tho list and was giving a lot of weight to nearly everj thing else in the race Ucmus who ran next to her in the Sires Produce Stakes on Saturdii), had exactlj 281b less weight to carrj It was not thought that the nil), good as she is could do what the bandi capper had nsked her, nnd Jumma waa not bucked Mr Pearson s good looking brown colt Aisennl shared favouritism with the ehesnut hlh IJelniniu whose lijit weicht made her bnckers confident A rather curious demonstration was at first made in favour of Sglo, but backers became strange!) shv before the jounesters left the paddock, mid from 100 to ¿0 taken, thecolt went down to 10 to 1 oflered Remus was only con sidcred to have ii 10 toi chance of winning 7 uanna got well away, und with lernside led for some distance, but Bite felt the weight after aboutfour furlongs weie covered, and fell buck beulen At the same point Remus mid Dclamin went up to Ulalume who was in front, and with the three fairly under the whip Dolamia's pace tailed, and the other ehesnut was left with the lead Towards the finish Gusburner and Ulalume were the only pair making any effort to catch Remus, who being energetically ridden, won by a length 'I here was ii fine race for Becond place between I loin.) comb, Ulalume, and Delumia, mid Mr Vowles, being unable to Bcpnrate them, declared it a dead heat between Honeycomb nnd Ulalume, Delamia being only a head be- hind The big event ot the meeting, the Adelaide Cup, was next on the card, with a long in terv al before it that might beusefullj devoted to luncheon nnd an inspection of the horses engaged in the race Down m the paddock there was a large crowd drift ing to those points where the Cup horses wure undergoing their final preparations The New 7ealander, Welcome lack, if not jet on the big side, must be avery muscular lioi.se Hazard, the hurdlernccr, had a ' ' w ashed out " appearance in colour only, and the si/e of the hoise was out of ali proportion to his rider Mr Crozier s pair, Lantern and Ruby, were a sound attraction, and not because of anj thing very pleasing in theirap penraiice either Standing at ease under the sheds, the winner of the Goodwood Handicap, with his immy angularities of form, long legs, and large flat boola, seemed uglier than ever-certainly not the tjpe of ii horse to win a two mile race in good companj, even ii he managed to carry his light weight through tho soft ground Hub), a long low mare, with sharplj falling quarters, looked quite a ponj beside Lantern Plausible both looked well and went well, Ins fine long stride when taking an opening gallop down the Btiaiglit seeming to indicate something more than a 20 to 1 chnnce The stjle of Prometheus moving beside lum was m sharp contrast, for although Mi M hitting ham's hoibo was anxious to go he pattered along m a very tender fashion A good many weie on the look out for Lord Wilton, who, w ith the peculiar black patch on ins near hip, ilnl not requiro the primrose and brown costume of tho rider to lix his ldentitj Bnckers were more anxious to see Anglese), becnuse of the victor) of his stable com- panion Remus, nnd Ins price shortened slightly from the same cause Nothing in the paddock looked as handsome as Britisher, a glossy, symmetrical baj The hoise had the appearance of being thoioughly lit, and with so good a rider as Robertson wearing the green and white stupes, it was not surprising that so many shievvu turi men were content to go no fur thor than Britishei Anchorite looked very Sa) with his rose bordered saddlecloth nnd mile, and the costume of the sume colour oulnsiider Standing quietly, the horse was scarcely as handsome as Ins colours, but he moved well both before the race and m it Conjecture wns anxious to gallop, nnd jumped about neivousl) up to the time of starting The ehesnut maru was a linn favourite, but her appeal ance scarcely indicated ability to race vv ith such horses ¡is Britisher and Lord Wilton Grace Darling looked too thin lor the day and the journe) Madcap's move nients altogethei belied her name, foi she walked very quietly under the fence up to the starting post Sardina looked very well, nnd the fault, if any, was that he was a trille big The rider was m difficulties through the white jacket and cap having been mislaid, and eventually Sardius changed his colours for the time, and came out in cardinal and black The tiny rider m the blue and gold Bpots did not seem to trouble the big brown Hobart very much, but odds of CO to 1 offered appeared to indi- cate that tho Tasmanuin's chance was not looked upon ns a biilliuiit one Thero wns a good deal of delay at the poBt, cluclly caused by the misdemeanours ot Plausible, Anchorite, and Conjecture In the case of the latter, Mr Watson was of opinion that the jockey Moore wns to blame, mid bo « as subsequent!) suspended from riding foi three months for disobedience at the post Shortly nfter the start Hobart lost his rider, and ns the lad fell light amongst the legs ot a score of horses, his escape from serious ni jur) seemed little shoitotu miracle He was able to rise and walk to the fence us soon us the horses passed The earlier part of the race l8 best described by snjing thntirom the starting point, near the upper end of the lawn, light round to the scraping sheds, the lead wns held in turn by Lantern, Conjecture, PiomethcuB, and Hazard Coming round the turu into the straight Biitisher was taken to the front, and Auchoiite was also brought into a lorwurd position Britialicr was first m the straight, and at tins point the rue'e bccmcd confined to the Ballarat horse, with Anchorite and Lord Wilton, lho latter having kept a front position all through the race When the racing commenced in earnest Britisher fell back, and the struggle was lett to Lord AN ii ton and Anchorite Half way down both Sardius and l'lau Bible tried to join issue, but it was evident that neither of them could catch Loid NN ilton, who, galloping gamelj undi r the whip, won bj a clear length irom Anelionte, who m tuin had ii lead ot hall a length fiom Sardius as thej shot past the poat. Immediiitelj behind tho placed horses wiro Plausible Britisher, nnd Lantern, but exactlj a dozen finished m front of Conjee tun I ord NN ilton was b icked to w in a nur slake but evidently not bj the general public, lor tin re w as a solemn silence m the paddock IIB the horse weighed in 1 ho time was laatei than that recorded for Malua m the same race at Adelaide last)ear '1 he fact that 1 uaihei was left to walk over loi the Selling Hurdle ¡¡impractical!) limited the number of events ol the da) to tom 1 usilier on weighing m was put up for aui non, according to the conditions oi the nue, but no one would advance on the upset price of 100 soi 8, mid tho hoise remained with his ownir lor the ll)ing Handicap, a held ol 41 nu the card wns nduced to 10 ne the post. I here wns little to choose between seveinl hoists, us far as the betting ni dieated their clnnecs In the nice bowen r, the tup weight Jliddlemuieh, lunuing in los îvcw market Handicap 1 inn ensilj disposed ot tin field uniimst lum lins broueht the di) a lacing to a elosi 'Hie nu intímenla were ii"iim excellent, the racin" being finished it a convenient!) earlv hour, a great consideration in a winter meeting Mr C D Stinker provided an excellent luncheon under the Bland and with his good mannet mi nt the complaints ot past mccltucs on the subject ol tiittnnn are not like!) to be le peale I 'i he follow ing aie the details of the intuir, - XIA1DI V PLVII Ol 1 sois cadi, with 100 sois addcl NVcl0ht tor a"i One mill and a quarter Vii I) 1 Wallace« li I Ciprl h) Yattendon-Man dra.cn l)is »st (Oliricn) 1 Jlr 1 Hint) sbriOolnnin, J jrs 6st 71b (St All anil 2 Mr J Wilsons ill e Hampstead 2jrs Ost Ulb (Iii) 1 lleltli e - to 1 on liainpstiad 7 to 4 ajst Capri,., to 1 Vbt (lohann i \s tin Hat lill the favourite Jumped nuav with a lulof i elenr lillL,th lind iloubkil thu J,ip butwion liluibill anil Ooh nuil who wau ruliniu/ m\t I v the tilín lliij unhid thu 1 rkl,_( Altir this | olnt, Colmuucllt \i up tolhuiqstcul while Capri was btlli Koine, will within hinwill in tin nar At the hack ol the louise, the two )oun"ir horses wiro galloping hide b) Hide, Home two leiiLths in alliance of Capri Leal ing tin abattoirs, Gohanna drew out and had a two lctigtlis lead, as at a consldcrablj improved pace thov passed the scraping sheds The chesnut eolt 1 liati naught him again a. thei nnproachcd thu strdght, and, locked together, DIL pur raced round tlu tutu \\\ ith tim straight rim in front of him, O Uri-.ii mo\ed I for tho fiist, timo on Capri and tho result was not lu I doubt for an imitant Tho four j oar old paired the other pur at the distanc , and, cantering home »on b> four 1 neills,, Guhanna belting the favourite foi second pluto bj two lengths Time, 2mi i lti-^cis NU! Uin HYM-IeAP, Of r> sow eich, with IWMH-J itddcd For 2 .ra old becond hort>t 2\\) so^s from tho prize. bi\ furlongs Mr b O Cook's ih c Hcmus, h} Gang I-ocwurd HoniuH, "st. lib (1 lanagan) .. . 1 Mr T ColTo> s Ii f llonojcomb, 7st 71b (^uunlcrs) . Mr h Millers b f Llalumc, 7sL Ulli (Obla) t Air li Tothill« li f fumina,'M 4!h (Wwuan) 0 lion W hearson s lire \r_rcnat Sst 411» (Power) . n Mr T loncsat-h o bolo, 7_t 101b (lllair) 0 Mr I Wilson ach o 1 ernside, 7at f.lb (Moore) 0 Mr D II Hill s bl f Cimlaic, 7st «iib (Croker) 0 lion W Piamonshn fiusbu icr, Tsf (Took; 0 Mr L UeekbBthf Dt'hmii.C-t Sib (Brown) O Letting - i to le ich igst Avenal and IXlanui u toi ench agst Hon.}eomb ind Kennis, IO toi (ullinit 100 to IO) ag-ît Solo The tciijimiUhters were extended right acroma the stricht, with pleut} of room to move about Mr i I'eaihon'H piir «ern elosc under the rids on tha Bland s de, with the se irlet jaekec on'solo conspicuous be- tween them hi the centro were- Lennis, luanna, Candaee, and Fernside, and it the further end of tho line-or what Mould for a tircuhr raee be the insidi the flank horses were Ulalume and Hone\eomb On tin Ultimi being" (filen, I ernsidc and .luanna seemed logct.ft\\.a\ us well as am thin 7 As the} snot uoto^ the btri» of tan luanna nnd Ulalume weie leidin,*, lint hair wnv between this point and the upper end of tho carriage paddock the Adelaide tills win heuten Two fut lou u-s from home ltcinm and Dclamin drew up with thu leaders but the oiïm t of tho latter wai not sustained I ittle J lanagan ruling I tennis. vigorous!} got the chc-nut in ibu lead, and won nu excellent race bj a length Llalume and Hone} comb were the onl} othur pur dangcious towards the llmi-h, and the judge being unible to peparuto them declared a deid heat DiliinK was fourth, a head from the dead liciten Jumna und I crn_-.de, in tho order given, were next behind the pan, and Cvndace brought up the rear Time, lm ¿Od AI)Er.AII)L CUP, Of 10 so.s each, with GOO BOVs added Second horse, fiOsovs , third ho rat, 25bovs from tho pilzo Ono milo and a half and a furlong" Mr E W, Ellls'e ch c Lord Wilton, 4 j ra, by Coutitr>man-Instep, 7st (Sauniers) . ..1 Mr I) M Robertson abo Anchorite, 4 yrs, 7st 71b. ("Ha).2 Mr L. Watson's b 0 SardluB, 4 yrs, 8st 101b. (M'Grado) .. .. .3 Mr J Pi H brow'a li li Welcome Jack» 6 yrs, 9 t, nib (I\eini).0 Mr I I-cdfcarn's ch f Madcap, 4 yra, 8st 71b (M. O'Brien) . .. .0 Mr. O Dai is's h m Camerino, aged, 8st.2Ib (Hales) 0 Air J Whittingham'e br h Prometheus, 5 }rs, 8st lib (Tralum) .0 Mr J. O. Heid's ch m Graco Darline, G \rs, 8st (J Williams).* .. .0 lion. IV. Pearson's b g Plausible, D yrs, 7st. ISib. (Power) . .0 Mr A. h\ Sullivan's br a Hazard, 4 yrs. 7st. 111b. (Cope) . .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr ¡j Q Cook's b li Anglesey, G jrs, 7flt. 4lb. (flanagan) .0 Mr. \V Crozier'-, br g Lantern* 5 j ra, (ino. 101b. penalty). 7st Sib (Nicholson) .0 Mr. J V. ilson H, fun , ch m Conjecture, G yrs, 7«t 21b (Mooro) .0 Mr. A. Croidcr's br m Ruby, 0 }rs, 7st, carried 7st Gib (J O'lMon).0 Mi sr. Loughlin's bg Britisher, Ojrs, 7st (Robert son) .0 Mr C S Agnew'abr h Hobart, G j ra, Ost. 91b. (T. Brown) . . .0 Mr. F lient} 's b 0 Gohanna, 3 j ra, Gst. (Sanderson) 0 Betting-3 to 1 agst Conjecture, 4 to 1 agst Uri ti-her, ii to 1 agst Lantern, 8 to 1 agst Lord Wilton, 12 to 1 each agst Welcome Jack and bardius, 15 to 1 each agst Madcap and Promettions, 20 to 1 each agst Camerino ami Plauslblo, 25 to 1 each agst Anchorite and Anglesej, Ü0 to 1 agst Grace Darling, GO to 1 each agst Hazard and Hobart. As tho Jockc} s seemed anxious to cling as closely as possible to tho inner side of the cour.se, somo of them who had not drawn wtll were unusually slow In And* Ing their positions Camerino had tho enviable posi tion against tho rails, while the black and bluo stripes showed Madcap next Uraco Darling had also a good position on the inside Conjcctuio was well placed, but ga\o trouble, and her rider, Moore, was pu nibbed for disobedience* Plauslblo, in the centro of tho field, kept in advance of the others, with lils head porsl.tontl} turned in tho wrong direction Anchorite, m the rear of tim Hold, just as resolute)} declined to come up level with his horses At first Hobart waa on the right Until., hut befóte they started Hazard and Anchonto werohcnt out to join the Tasmanian. I inallv the inov Ing line w as properly dress«! and the flag went down Camerino at the rails, and Lord Wilton further out, were quickest in jumping awov, but before they carne opposite the stand the Good* wood Cpp winner, Lantern, w is with the lead. Lord Wilton was closo behind him Then in a group of three the salmon sleeves of tho INO.v Zealand horse, Weleomo J ne ict «bowed against the sk> blue Jicket of lla/ard aud the brown ot Conjee turo, tho latter leading slightly and forcing her wa) to tho front The two Gipps Land horses, PI a us i bl o and Caine Hue, caine nc\t, and close besido the pair was tho conspicuous and now familiar "all rone on Anchorite 'Iheu a jumble of.colours difli- cult to separate, and last Gohanna nnd Grace Dalling, the latter filling the position she hold on tho race card. Just as they passed the stewards' stand Hobart slippod and unshipped his jocko}, who luLkilj escaped unhurt. Between tho stow auls* looms and tho lower end of tho stand cn* closure the field strung out consider ablv, and going ulomr tho Saltwatu Ith or Lantern, although btill in the ian, was being rapidly overtaken by Conjecture Lord Wilton, galloping niool}, was third, and Promettions no\ttfalil} pull- ing his rider out of tho saddle Then, closo together, caine Cam orine, Hazard, and Sardlus, with the hand* {.OHIO UritUhoi nc\t behind him Madcap, >\ clcomo Jack, llubi, and AmilLsey wero in the ruck, and Grace Uarling last In the straight 1 nu to the brid ii 0 Conjecture passed Lintern und took a lead ot two lengths The dark jacket no\t behind hor showed that Prometheus had pulled his way closo to tho front, and nt his quartets was liri tish cr Lantom WUB fourth, nnd running well, ¿Nicholson holding tho horso hard Lord Hilton and bardius wero the only other pair with a claim to bo amongst tho leaders Ueforothej reached tho abattoirs Conjecture sceiuod toha\ohod enough of It, and resigned tho lead to Prometheus After the pair cunio Lantern and Dritishcr, and at this point It was noticeable that Weleomo Juck had fallen back almost last At the abattoirs tho bi¿ hurdlcraccr lla/ard shot out from the ruck, and carried tho light blue jacket n1on¿ so fast that he had a lead of throo clear lengths as they passed the souping sheds Robertson then took Britisher rapidly to the front, and tho horse going strong us a lion, looked very much Uko a winner. Anchorite, who had boon in the ruck, also mad o his effort here, and running wide on the outside, passed rapidly up to the leaders Closing- up, tho horses ne\t swept round tho turn, running in wedge shaped formation. Britisher was in fiont, with Lantern and Lord W ii ton in their Goodwood Handicap positions, just behind him, and the rose jacket uevt Tho liullurat horse was not long in the van, however, for Anchorite, with ano thor of tho rushes that had given lilm his foremost place, toole tho lead I and was loudly proclaimed the winner. Then carno the crj, "Look at Lord Wilton." Tho I dark chesnut, goln^ gallant)} under the whip, i caught both Lintern and Anchorite, and once 111 I fiant was fast and game enough to keep there, I although ho had to be ridden out almost te the finish Plausible and Sardlus both made determined rushes when little more than a furlong from home, and the pair and Anchorito wero despcratily ridden The} failed, how ov or, to catch Lord Wilton, w ho w on by a clear length, Anchorite being second, half a lomrth in dont of bardius, Plauslblo was fourth, Britisher lifth, and Lantern sKth Then in a string carno Madcap, Grace Darli mr, Anglesey, Camerino, Gohanna, Web come Jack, Conjecture, Hazard, and Rubv, with Pro* mctlieus, no longe 1 pulllrg, last Timo, 2iu GJ^s. WINNEHS OF THE ADIXAIDD CUP. Mr Dowling Jil- J C. lames , Mr U M Ha"'ot flvlr K M llafcot 3Mr T J ll)an 1 Sir N> Lang .Jil 11 Holland IBT» Vir NN E Dakin Mr O Ik inlett Sir Ü Gnrdlnor |Mi N\ A. 1 lígale1 îsrnSir u n smithl 18»0,Ml NV l'Ile l8« Vir S Barnard ISS/vir li Haines ISM, Mr I* NVooltD U8ÜI Mr J O Ililli« lSef Ml b NN Kills ¡raleón >l bor Co« ra .Cow re. Cupbearer 'Norma Australian Iluok Dolphin 'Ace of Trumps Lurline lmpudoncc| |A[ NI | st lb | a|10 «10 SI 8 4 0 (I | n| S I J ro 3 49 | J 411 i J C4 1 44 J 41 1 37 3 6Sj ton Sf 7 4 13 1 41 Banter a « li 10 3 35 Hret,Water s 7 2 II 8 JO llofrillsator J U 7 10 J J7 Kuolid 8 7 4 14 8 SO} Istliy u II 11 U) Malua 1 9 0 li . D54 Lord NNII _| ton_4 7 0 17 2 fit * Ilundir-ap lor the first timo f Distaiico altoied to one nillo and a half and a fur long su uva iiuiiDLE mou, Of J sois O'vcli with 100 sois ad ltd Winner to bo sold for j. 100 One mila and tinco quarters Mr K hoilorsch g Tuslllor by Giatidmaster aïcd (nil) Ost lllb (Grubb) vv o lusillcr was bought In at tho upset price 1I1IXG HANDIOIP, Of 3 sois each, with 100sovs added Three quarters of a mile Mi A Ilarvei s hi o Mlddlomorch, lu Marl bv rnoiio-llousomald 1 )i-s sst 101b (Robert Sir \V Crosier» li f Miss Merlin, 4 j _U> (Nicholson) carried Ost sou's br o Arsenal, 2 v rs, Gst lilli Hon NV 1 (Q llrown) Jlr I 0 Hilda cb g The Ghost, ae.od, 8st 71b (J M lilian») Mr J Wilson s (tun )bo Meteor, 4 jrs 8st 41b (St Alban ) Vir 11 Q Tilbotsb g Stationl 0 vrs Sst (Fallon) Mr 1) s Malinos (,[ Duciiiia 4 jrs, "st lllb (O Urlen) Mr s Miller s be Palllcroo 4 vrs 7st 101b (Olds) Mr J 0 illida g Í Lud j Hit 4 jrs st Sit ( cvlir) Mr S 0 Cook s br f Marie Louise 3 v rs, "it Olli (blunders) Mr CUT Harts!) I Gjml liana Ijis rt Ulli (1 lana an) Mr NV till lab or br I Asms J vrs 0«t 01b (1 litelnr)) Mr It lliurlngsbf List I)nne, 1 ) rs Ost Oil (li llrown) Mr / Todd s b li *a"lt 5 jrs c (limee) Mr I Sm son IIB br " bunstroke (Johnson) Mr I O InJIssblNNanH "!jr= llottli -0 to 1 aest d mkli ma Maru I o i so and Mellor S to 1 narohu I 1 ililli oo 10 lo 1 o ich u.st Stafford an 1 V"ins 1J to la¡,st Miss Merlin an 1 0 to 1 o,st last Linne Thehcaw weight Ml ldlpinardl hal the best posi tion m\t till rail» illili til r isman an fill) A ins was on the outs ii 0\ i il h ni i ti d I ill roowLnthi quill st in eittlnj, asa\ vrh lo Wai h was lett at tin j ost Meteor au I Hie Oho t al o silo 11 in the front tai k At the tun crossing Marie Louise illsltii"ii[sli able was st li In limit while \L,I cs ilosi- Ulldir the rails on tin stand " dL was also foliar will Miorth nitir irosame ti o Un ealiop Mi"s SlLrlm i-hoiel ni front with I lilleroo ( losi le tile her in 1 Manu lomsi The Clio t Sjiiustroki I nl(\ lit and Han la ahno«t lu a Uni bellin 1 tin liadir« Hall \ IJ down tin straieht llobirts-on I roil"lit out Midliin anh and without ti o use of tin whip the 1 L horse lasll) took the hal and kent it until the j ost was reacln I \ iuitinir bj a Inútil and i hall (rom Miss Merlin the I em lest and tightest wiiehts thus IIHIIIL, tin two first platos Arsen il was third thrci quarters ol alcneth behind M Its Merlin Palllcroo was fourth Meteor llfth, last L)nno nc\t, and Lue! v Hit last Time lm 171s ii mil Cst 101b 0 r )rs Cat 41b I) Ost. "lb (Dnliv) 0 7 to 1 each airst ich atrst Middle SPORIINQ NUITS People are nil ver) wise -_terthee\cnf, and are natur ill) asking each other vvh) Cull jecttire, lintiaher, und Liuitein were inn pjsed to have bettei chances for the Adelaide Cup 'han Lord \\\ dtun Especiall) does the question apjil) to Lintern, lor although the 1 itter defeated J ord \\\ ilion eaail) 1» three lengths on the previous Saturday, ii in ir! ed reversal ot weights made ii vvonderlul chunge in the longer distance race Jn the Good wood Handicap Loid VI llton ..ave 1 lintern 71b , whilst last Saturda) Liintcru was giving the former dib, mnl-in" adillcrence of 101b in favour of J ord \\\ llton Io tina m ly now be lidded the cudi ni assumption tint Lantern M rtiniw i) victor) in the tioodwooil was in i gre it nicnaurc accomplished on siitierunce, most ot the jo« lajs w ho lollovvcd in bia wake bung under the impression that lu would run linnscll out-ii mist ike thei were too loi g m tindiiig out. \a ."n 1» the lesults ol the lioodwood Ulindi ipaud Adelui le Cup it H i ver) lcinurk able, ippropiiate, and credit iblc eireum stance that the two principal e\enta should have been nppropnated b) South Australia, mid thus, with the St leger, n \erv con aider ible shnre ot the spoil will return to Vdeluide I o day the entries tor ne .t Snturdn) s Moonee Valley meeting close at kirk s lJa/uar at 1 o clock 'Hie programme comprises the I nnl Stokes, of lu sovs , live furlongs W est bourke Handicap ol 10 sois , si\ tuilongs Steeplechase, of JO sovs, twice round bell ing Knee, ot it) sovs , half a mile and the Ma) Handicap, ot 40 sovs , tom furlongs und n hull 'Hie weights will appear on 'lliurs du> , acceptances ut stale i he general entries tor the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting are to be in ide to du), ut the V K.G oihee, betöre 4 o clock J. he éventa are-Selling Hucc, of r>0 aova , halt a mile , Hurdle hnce, ot 7J SOVS , about ii mile und ti qu- irter, Steeplechusc, of 110 sovs , two miles , Second Selling liace, of DO soi s, six furlonga , nnd Welter Handicap 1 lat Hace of CO sovs , live furlong'. 1 or the lnt'er the horaea have to be ridden bj members of the Melbourne Hunt Club, the Victoria Huang Club, or the \ letona Amateur lurf Club 'Hie Birthday Handicap weights will nppear on friday next, not 'lhursdii), as announced on Saturda) Messrs VV C Yuille and Co will hold -mother sale ot thoroughbred stock at Iseiimirkct tina nlternoon Hie lots include the well known ntimea of St. Lawrence, Chuekstcr, Capri, Stationer, Hannibal Hcspendes, 1'Into, Colstoun, Stafford 1 clio Sir Samuel &c; , und some well bred ) earlings. 'Hie sale commences at 2 o clock Settling o\er the Adelaide Cup and other events ot Saturdny's racing will take place to day, at the Victonn Club und Bowes a latter Ball's Club The wind up of the South Australian Jockey Club meeting will be held to morrow, when an attractive bill of furevvill be pro vided, of which the Stceplcchuae ia the prm cipul event I ho acceptances for the Bourke Jockey Club meeting ure to be declared to morrow \\\ ednesdny uf ternoon is to be devoted to the postponed meeting of the Victorian 'Irotting Club at Elsternwick park, when no doubt there will be a huge attendance to witness the running for the Coronet Cup The weigh ta for the S)dncy Turf Club meeting on the JOth mat will be Issued on '1 hursduy Lntnes for the Sjdney Tattersalls Club meeting, to be held at Randwick on the 2nd ot June, are to be made to Mr James Peri)? the secretary tit lutteraalls, Market street, S)dne), on lliursdaj Moore, the jockey who rode Conjecture in the Adelaide Cup, was called before the stewards, on the complaint of Mr Watson, the starter, and suspended for three calendar months for disobedience tit the post 'Hie Windham Racing Club innounce a winter meeting for Saturda), the 13th of lune Mr Wall, the secietarv, will issue the programme shortly. Coursing men are reminded of an impor tint event for Fridti) ne\t-vi/., the closing of nominations for the Victorian \\\ aterloo Cup Applications will be received up to d p ra by Mr John Munda), the sccre tar) of the Victoria Coursing Club, the sum of 10 sovs to ticcompuny each nomination As heretofore, the stake ia tor G1 all ages at 2r> sovs each, deductions being made for the Purse and Plate A new meeting ia advertised to take place at Moonee Valley on Saturday, the2_lrdinst_ ,when aseries of eight-dog atakes will be run, at the nominal entry fee of a sovereign li) this means coursing men will be enabled to try their greyhounds, especiall) puppies, for the tallowing weeks Victoria Club Derby and Oaks Meeting There ure threi> stakes at a pound entry, two at 2 sovs, and two at J hovs each The original Champion programme at Moonee Valley, na nlso the unte, hu\o been nltered 'Hie meeting is Iixed lor i-ridaj anti Saturday, the lUth and 20th ot lune The principal stake ia the Champion, lor 32 all agea, ut 10 sovs each, divided down to wnineis of one course, lhere ia also ii St. Legei, for 32 puppies, at ii sovs each , and tour eight dog stakes foi all ages and puppies, tit 5 sov a , 4 so) s , J 80v a , nnd 2 sovs euch, the latter to be run on the becond da) 1'uli particulars can be had on application to Mr Koche, the secretiny, at Kirk s Bii/iiur 'Hie second South Australian Waterloo Cup commences at Buckland park, in the neighbourhood of Adelaide, on Tucsdu), und will lun into four dii)s On Friday and Saturda) ne\t a coursing meeting on a large scale will be held at l'airheld park, near Sydney, under the auspices jt the Hawkesbury club The stake is on the principle ot our Waterloo Cup, vizi, a stake for 04 all-ages, with Purse and Pinto tor beaten greyhounds, at ¿2 5a each This is the second aeuaon ot the e\ périment, which lust )eur provetl ti great success, there not being any difficult) in securing the 01 nnme3 , indeed, the upplica tiona nearly i cached 100 Thu meeting takes place on the Plumpton laid out at the e\ pense of Mr H M (junde, M L A , who alao provides the hares gratuitously Last year everything was so well tirrunged thnt the 01 coursi a on the hrst dti)'s curd were disposed of in little more than three hours Members of the Melbourne Gun Club are notihed that Wednesday's shooting hua been postponed till lriday, on account of the Ulstern wick park races TUB SHEPPARTON RACES. (B\ TFLEOH ira FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT ) SIIEPP VUTON, SATURDA-I The following were omitted from the nomi- nations - Birthday Handicap -Mr V\ -stanley's b g Tho hid, 3)rs. Ladies Bracelet -Miss Stanlo) 's b g The Kid HAY JOCKEY CLUB MEETING. (Bi T-__,E<_RAPH THOM OUR CORRESPONDENT ) HAY, SAIURDAA Hie following have accepted tor the Hay Jockey Club meeting to be held next month - UA\ JOOKKT CLUB HVNDICVP Impulse Minerva Gdnuu Tautallscr itaiubotv IV tieri, s tho Cat Cupri Cuilego ßov Anatlia Student Scabrcozu Iona Oumilliaiin Trillo Old Soul 1 avo M) story Obretle Impulse (Johnston s) HURDLE RACE, Student Tantallnor Oinadhaun .lüo.ll)i.iu Broun Girl lii-ctor Chphaii Arab! Sub c1 fair lleur) FOOTBALL. SOUTH MELBOURNE V. CARLTON South Melbourne met Carlton for the first time this season on the South Melbourne Cricket-ground on Saturday afternoon. The ground was heavy and the afternoon threatening, but the rain held off. There were fully 7,000 spectators present, the ground being deeply lined all round. South Melbourne won the toss but there was no wind and Elms, the captain, allowed Baker of Carlton to kick down hill for the first half, a piece of generalship that told in favour of South Melbourne before the close of the game. Dunn, who formerly played with South Yarra, made an active central umpire. At a quarter past 3 Carlton I iel c 1 olí and South Melbourne lnmiodiutLlt camel the 1 nil rieht up to theil opponuitb toal and It w is knocked between the |)o_tB .couti-, a bellin I rho Rather was then .eut round the weat wine in pro\imitv to tile south Milbourne post. I ut tin danger was relieved bv sonic sniirt liai A scrhs of doter marls on both silks followed the chances benic somewhat in f nour of Carlton, »ho (re picntl) lil irketl the la]] but dil not mai o tim mo t of their opporuimti South Melbourne dur ned the same tallies and the ball remain. I in Carlton tirntori * 11 Carlton bl a spirited lall) droic I ick their opponents and tot a chalice foi -.oiil but oniv scored u behind the gamo as is C-ncrilh the case at the liL^innlnj, ot the season so far i as inarki i b an a rccahlu absence ol uu lu rollah le s and as} irit of fair plai but some want of practici was manifested b) both sides Carlton haime tho ttround In their favour woie shouiiu to most adianta^e mil smart goal klokin. would several times have added the dL (red items to the sccreS Tlic marion!, aid lulinlnt with the ball was 1 tter than tlic kiel tug bouth Melbourne parti) as tlio result of a free kick "neil utain_t Cailton attacked the Northerners tcftl and totting a 1 chliid equalised the scoro an 1 ant thor pir i tent attacl was the prelude to another neal attempt at toa! kicking Ihcn by a vigorous effort Ibu ball was corned to tin other end of the (.round and Breen picking it uti within i fen lardsof thupo t blnartl) ) utitthroiuji although cloflü) prCHse 1 b) an opponent Hie score now waa-Cailton, 1 ..oat - bolilnds South Mel bourne r, b-lmids Ihe tamo trew ^er) fast nnd the goals were assailed at either end in quick siieccs sion until half time was diclarcd a few minutes aftei Hie Carlton -toal was kiel ed On the South Mdbourue sido I_I\on Grave Llms and J Yoiin" had bun vu) conspicuous while Drew, T Cameron lohnston and li) land did tooti sen ho for Curlton As soon ns plai recommenced a strimmnto took place near the C irlton posts and the ball boiiu suit to Dt\on he neat!) obtained a toni for the local mm nnd tho pai Ilion rejoice 1 cMLCiiinclv Carlton improiid mid tireen erttin" a chance took it tleierlv and I liked ahccoud toal tor Cailton South Melbnlnio retaliated b> an Irresistible onset which was rewarded within flic minutes b) a second toal for tho Southerners, kicked by llanncsscc w ho _rot n mark near the post South Melbourne ciicounucd by their success, displayed somo excellent markiti-; tactics, giving Kitchen |an easy chanco to achiovc a goal, but onl\ a behind resulted The honours nero ihrucefor mrd cienl} divided until tho umpire was hooted hi bouth Melbourne partisans for allow intr i Carlton plavei it httlo nurk which might have been decided cithei wa> The plai of both teams was fut, eicitl ig, mid ti LU, tliu acor being at this time -"oalscach South Melbourne 7bc.itnd*iCarltoii5 l c hin I Breen marked close lu front ol tin. South Mel bourne posts hut t in gled his kick , and then ¡south Melbourne rchei ni the pressure and pot ti behind A close tu sie noir the Carlton citadel followed, aid Hkud onlj just mi sed the goal M Knight aKoa Southerner di sen ed agoilfora straight long kick w hieb was turned from ita course rlcht against tho post At Instthcgoal was achieve I b\ Bushell, «ho nunkeri tile hall within a j ird of ita destination and ei il> bent it through Carlton nero show mt, Mgm>af bein« outlawed, mid shoitli before time was calh-d Î \oun" kicked a fourtii go ii for South Melbourne lhe finil hcnre was South Milhoumc, 1 "oaU 12 helnn Is, Caí Iton, 2 goals 7 bchinds MM BOURNE \ HT/ROi Thcahoir elul s tmtfor tho first tune this RUM»j on batui li\ at tho Melnouruc cricket crouud lu b] ite uf tile threatening weather tlie match w is will ti ti n Ud there being about fi 000 persons present Mäh me of 1 it7roi won the to s and elected to luck towards the western goal It was ~0 minutes pist ¿ before Hush kicked off for Melbourne Muir received the I all and mit it down the centre, where a M.nm ninrL occurred, and Caren gai o Coleman a mark in fiout, hut a behind was all that resulted On the 1 ick off Melbourne followers took it round the south wing, wheie Carroll, of Melbourne procured it, mil ran well forward, I tit Lwing rcheied Tho ball went out of bounds near the burroo goal and on it being thrown in Teviot wa« awarded a (rec kick for Hunt touching it 1 ranks an 1 Carroll of Melbourne took the hill up to the Ht/rui posts, where Mitchell, Hush I laut, Ito s, and Moss did »onie good maikiug, and Propsting "ot a maik from Cm roll but in tn ing for a ^oal he hid the iiubfortuue to hit the post Tho Melbourne followers continued to assail the I itzro} s I Mil hut Ewing and luir mentit bael and Coiew caic Carroll of rit/ioj a mark uni he in turn g-iie it to lición, and another behind was the result Ou the kick oft Garton held tho ball, and Coleman was chon ti fice kiel which pro cuud tho third behind for 1 itzroi Tho plaj was for borne little time round the Melbourne posts, an 1 Worrall kiel ed two more bchinds lu quick sue ccbsiou which Were clo cl\ followed by another the ball being forced behind hy a Melbourne plijor Garton lade}, and Wilds took it up the centre w here I ranks gai e a muk to Mitchell, and he scored another behind Hung and Worrah" took it round the south wing and Nathan kicked a behind for 1 it¿ roi A free kick was a-,aiii giieii aganiht Plant for touching tho ball, the rcsuitof which was that the Mel bonnie backs were placed on tho defensive, and A Coulson caic it to Carroll, of Melbourne, who sent it round the "rand stand nmg Worrall waa again to tile rescue and kicked well down tho centre but Tucl Held, Sjwomr, Propsting, and W ilns, bj little marks, snut it forward, where I wing was equal to tho occasion lho ball went out of bounds on the bouth wing where it remained for Bomo time. Milling cot a mark, and kicked in front, but luckflcld procured it and gaie it to rranks, who took it round the north wing where Carew marked to I Hiot Elliot to Heron and Heion to Kappiport, whol leked first gool i for 1 it/ro} litzro} obtained threo behind* In ns I man) minutes and half time was then called the scores being litzro},l goal and 10 behind», Mel bourne, 2 bchinds On re entering the field, it wns seen that the fritzroi wore mourning bands on the arm, which was oxplolncd b3 the fict that new« had just been received of the death 1 f Dr Klmmimrton, one of the vice presidents of and honorary phjslcian to tho club Htzroy cot the best of the opening scrimmage, and Burgess kicked a behind fortbein \ I free kick was giien to Mow for Muir passing the ball Moss kicked to A Coulson and the latter to Hush, who kicked a behind for Melbourne Moiling, Kerrigan, and Lindsay tool tho hall up the 1101th wing, but fuckllcld brought it back and Propping gave a mark to Carroll of Melbourne who kicked auother behind Willis pIa>eJ well m centre on the kick off, but Nathan obtained the ball and did ti cood run round tho south wing, wheie Aitken procured and sent it dow 11 the conti e It w as taken bael again b} M'Shano ltnppiport, and W orrall, and the latter kicked a behind Melbourne iiere pla} ing with e\ tremclv bad luck, as C Coulson, with a good attempt for goal, hit the post a second time On being lucked off W Ulis got it and sent it to Piopitui.r who marked to Carroll, of Melbourne who in turn gaie a mark to M Crindlo, and that plater kicked what was ap parent!,) a coal, but it was not allowed the crowd ab/nihlnglts disapproval lu a marke I manner Cole man was awarded a free kick for W Ulla holding tho ball, and cave it to Worrall who passid it on to Carew. and another behind re suited lhe ball was brought down tho centro b\ Propsting anil Carroll, of Mclbourno, and Balle} kicked eighth behind Stachan, Tajlor, and Propsting did scrvicablo notk in the centre, and Ko s got a freo kick for being thrown, but tho I itzro} 's luck again pi otected them, na the ball 1»truck the post for the third time during the match Ker riga» and Lindsay awaiti took it round tho north wing, and another behind resulted I ropstmg, Spooner, and Plant were responsible for tho ball tra telling doun the centre, but Hi Ing was once more equal tothc occasion,amlaoiit it to Kerrigan, who gai c It to \\\ on all, who 1 iciicd a behind 1 itzi o\ obtained J moro bohinds through the instrumentant) of Carew and llapplport Time WUK then called the gamo re suiting in a win for 1 it/ro} bl 1 goal 17 bchinds to 10 behind? Burgess Carew, Coleman, Ewing, Kerri gan, Lindsay, Worrall, Muli, M Shane, and Nathan pim ed best for Iitzroi, while Carroll, Propsting, Willih Hush, lto^s 1 ranks, Moss, Sttachan, and Mit choll carried oil tho houours for Melbourne Mr M Minchin, the umpire chosen b} the association, was unablo to attend on account of illness and his place was satisfactorily filled b3 Mr. J Golding Itisthoiu I tcntion of the Melbourne lootball Club to complain 1 to tin association of the decision of the goal um pire with reference to the disallowed goal LSSCNDON V WILLIAMSTOWN This match was pla} ed on the La't Molbourno cricket ground in the piescnce of about 1,500 HUCO tutors essendon won tho toss, and W Jones kicked off for Williamstown lho first quarter of an hour of tho game was lather In favour of tho visitors, who liad several shots for goal, which, howeicr, only resulted in bchinds. lhe score at half timo stood-Lssondoti, 2 goals G behind*, Williamstown, J behind». On tho ball being thrown up at tho commencement of tho socond half, the Essendon Immediately rushed it down to the visitors' goal, and soon began to scoro, several goals In succession being obtained The came finally resulted in Lssendon scoring I» goals -0 bohinds, tt illlatustown, 3 bohinds Tor Essendon, Aitken, Pearson, Pitcher, Martin, and Moore plnicdwcll, and for tho visitors Kenned}, Laming, Mackreil .Tones (two), dis tlngulshcd themselves Mr \V Wilson made a very impartial (Mitral umpire GEELONG V. GEELONG JUNIORS (23) A match vins pla} ed on tho Corio Cricket ground on Saturday afternoon betu ecu 2J of tho junior mem- bers of thu various clubs In Geelong and the first SO of the Geelong Football Club A capital game was pla> ed for tho lirat hour, during which tho senior club members hold their own dcfcplto tho fact that two goals were kicked against them lho Go elong won thu match b> 5 goals to J Evansdale v. Rainbow.- This match was played at Grace park, Hawthorn, on Saturday, and resulted in an easy victory for the Evansdale by 2 goals and 8 behinds to 1 goal and 2 behinds. W. Maloney, Rand, G. Turner, Woollard, and Dyer played splendidly for the Evansdale. South Yarra v. St. Kilda Royal. -These teams pla} ed at St Kilda on Saturday and tho iranio re suited In a win for the former b} 2 goals (-stewart and free man tie) to 1 goal (Mort) Melbourne v Fitzroy (Second Twenties)-Tins match, pla}ed on Satuida}, resulted lu aiictor} for Melbourne, who kicked ti coals 0 bchinds to their opponent»' 1 goal 7 bchinds Tho go d kickers for Melbourne nero Stub ("i), Nuttall(¿) and Piraou? Hawksburn v. Moonee Ponds. -On Saturday, Moonee Ponds kicked 3 goals (Brunton 2, F. Robinson 1) and 5 behinds against Hawksburn 2 goals and 6 behinds. North Park v. Star of Carlton.-These well known junior clubs mot In the Koial park on Saturday last lhe game proved to he a decisive win for the Part, who scored d goals (J rox2, and T To\ 1) to their opponents 1 bchinds llushford, Torbe» Barr}, Tal laut, Longstaff, M Ketizle and Fox (ttircü) plaied well for the winners, as did Itobeitjott, Uí¿ntrildt ßur wood, Puicell, It)au, and llalmbourg for the losers The following matches were also played on Satur- day - Riversdale v. Essendon Juniors resulted in a draw slightly in favour of latter by 5 behinds to 3 behinds; for Riversdale Price (two), Ashman, Somner, Barnard, Brown, Cottingham, and Parkins plaied best. St. Kilda Royal (second twenty) v. Vaucluse, won by the former by 2 goals 14 behinds to 4 behinds, the goal- kickers for the Royal were Bell and Landor. North- park (second), v. Abbotsford, at Victoria-park North-park 8 behinds, Abbotsford 1 goal (dis- allowed) 11 behinds ; Abbotsford's score was nulli- fied through their playing throughout with 22 men. Marlton 11 goals 11 behinds, to South Yarra Juniors 3 goals 6 behinds ; Allard, Ellerker, Smith (two) for the former, and Gregory, Derham, Jones for the latter, played best. Malvern v Elmsmere, won by the former, 6 goals 17 behinds to 1 behind , the goal kickers were-Dear 2, Munro 2, Currie 1, Randle 1, and Hollick, Cole, Fry, Sharp, Noall, and Scott also played well. Caulfield (1 goal 8 behinds) v. Middle- park (1 goal and 5 behinds); Snow, Agg, Baird, Sargood and Morison played well for Caulfield, while Plumper and Windley were con- spicuous for Middle-park. Park-road v Canter- bury resulted in a win for the former, who kicked 6 goals 15 behinds to 3 goals 6 be- hinds. West-end (second twenty) v. Excelsior (Kew) resulted in a win for the former by 6 goals 14 behinds to 2 behinds , the goal kickers were H. Hyams, Hancy, Tucker, Lidston, Curthois, and Johnston. West-end (first) 4 goals 8 behinds v Eastern Market 1 behind. LACROSSE. Melbourne v. Fitzroy -These clubs met for the first time thin heaton at Albert-park on Saturday the "aine resulting in a draw no coals being Bcorcd ou either side Of tile Fitzroy, Sparllnjr, 1 new man Tncl ett and Strickland were most prominent, whllo foi Melbourne I Statter and b to\ (In goal) weie the 11 tv ers w ho appum e 1 to most adv an tage Collingwood \ south Melbourne-This nutch was plaied at Collingwood on Saturda) Collingwood i ere weai cued owing to the absence of some of their pluiers their ¡)1 (ces being hup lied b) new men who acquitted theinselics cieditahl} Hie match ended in a draw, e ich ade obtaining a goal G Conlon, Henderson Uilsborlon, KnieJit and Haser rendered uood sen ice to tho South while Catt ach A Lok, Hutchison (two), and Coombs woikcd lard foi Col lim,woo I Bohemians v Ea^t Melbourne -Tins match took place at Hoi al paik and resulted lu n win for the lormcrbv J toals to nil The latter club did hot have a full team, and ronbcqucntl} the came was Koincwhot in fal our of the Koieii, who had a large number of shots for coal, some of which were splui didl) stopped b} Baithachc, n"ht in a line with the jnsts Hie buccessful goal throwers nero M I larg, nitchie and Lo.lnll lor the Bohemians, M Harg Pearson, Wilson, 1 itchie, Hamilton Batten plaied well, ns did Bailhache lohn 011, \\\a\man, Burbur}, Beere, Loi ens, for Last Mell oui ne Uiliersiti 1 South Melbourne Blues-This match took place on Saturdai, and resulted m a victor} for the Unii croit} team b\ three coals to nil The coals weie thrown u> Lanchnds, Kenn}, and Parnell ROW ING \ARUA ?* VKU V KOW ING CIA D The annual sculling races in connexion with the \ arra "i ai ra Bow ui¿ Club w ero held on Saturda), foi trophies presented hi the vlee president (Mr A M Crémor) to bL non twice The following weie the results -Lust lient-W M'Millan, south »ide Ceo Irwin northside 10} irds W on hi north hide hi three leiiLthü, Second He it-I Waiters, north side T Aliihi south fal le 110}ards Won h> north side bv one leiicth Third Heat-P Fo^art}, north side G Itwin, south side 40\ards South side ran Into the bank soon after starting Won b) north f-idc bj one leiiLth louith Heat-F It, Ainley, north side J Watters south 8idc 10 vanls Won b\ north i>Wo b} two leiicths lifth Heat-Hobt. Ainlei north bido J Stanle}, south side bOvards Wonuiiioith hide b} foin leiicths Sixth Heit-h J Tailor, north side, J Nolan, south t>idi Won by no ith side bj three lengths The seventh, eighth, and final heats will bo lowed o(T next Saturday , first heat to start at 2.30 p m sharp RICHMOND CITY ROWING CLUB The fourth of the series for the Brame and Furres trophies in connexion with the above club w as row ed on Siturdij afternoon at lUclimond In the first heit Han Ison (stroke) Jerreuiá Carnab}, and M'iircar} beat lacks (stroke), Evan««, M'Allcn, nni Orchard bj half a length after avert exciting lace from stitt, to finish In tho final heat Harrison a cr_.w beat Mitchell (stroke) Pennefather, M kciizic, and Orchard hy about three lengths BOWLING The W e«t Melboumo and 1 it7ro} clubs met on ^iturda} U-t to pla/ for Lhc 11 os trophy on the A n torn j, ree ti, with tho following result -West Melbourne -ho 1 Bmlc-M'Donald rillot P T}rer, W Tv rtr (captain) >Q ho 2 Kink- Miller Thornt- on Bowen buns (captain), ]r» ho _» Kink-Hu) Hat ward S Arness, Stedeford (ciptiin) 7_ï ho 4 llmk-Aitlen Mi\, Hardham Btvth (captain) »., total, 62 I itiToi - ho 1 llmk-Ware MUN Ale* auder, -Nelson (captain), 10 No 2 Hink-Milestone, Kidnev I lad le} btunford (captai ) ltí ho í Hink libs lav eett Cooper, falconer (captain), lb, No 4 Kiul -Noodbim, M Lean, Carr minter (taptim) 11 totil, 5 Majority for West Melbourne, ¿j ] oints fbe bowling match for ' 1 edcratian Cup bouth Melbournu v Melbourne, was pluvcd on the Hieb mond treen on ^aturdí) Appended are the ¡»cores - bouth Melbourne-No 1 Hink-Hopkinson, Ilhir liunkin, Walker (ciptam) S3 ho ^ llmk- Kidston, íindia}, Moore, Oldham (captain) 27 ho t Hink lawton Aitken, >onuin, Stead (captain), 10 No 4 llmk-Lock bill Thack\vra>, Howers Ulo\ er (captain), .12, total 01 Melbourne-ho 1 Kink-Widdecombe, Hegan, Hoduk w, Unltt (captain), 2(3, No 2 Rink «Main, Embling, Martin limit (captain) Ï0 » ho S 1 ink-\ ail, Spiers M Donald Uikkr_.on (captain), 17, ho 4 Kink-Marum, Wood Mailer, Lewis (captain) 1J total, 7ti - South Melbourne winning by 13 points [ CHlCKLr Capnlct v Dudgeon and Arnell -This, the finil i match for the Mell ourne Sports Utpot trophies, wv* ] finished on Siturdav and ended hi a most decisivo 1 win for Dudgeon and \rnell In ceven wickets, tho tvvonot-out men, Hliott and Shcllc}, making the 41 runs required without losing their wickets Elliott obtained H(i, and Shcllc} ii. The Dudgeon and Arnell Club thcrcforo become tho possessors of the llrat prize, cup and gold medal The Cauuleti take the second gold cup, and Lan_r, of tho Parkv illo Club, wins the fcold medal for tho highest individual score, viz., 137 runs, not out To show the i,ood Icclhv with which the various matches hate boen pla}ed, it mav be mentioned that tho Cup Committee nave not had an} protests or disputes of any kind to de cide A cricket mitoh took place on Saturda} between tho eniplo}ca of T S Hart ison and Co and S Greene anil Co , and re .ulled in au cab} win for tho former b} 104 runs, the scores bem^-C S Harrison Mid Co , 1S>,S Greene and Co , 21 \V lui If, ht U5, T Craw ford 4_1 not out, and J M'Eivan 25 were tho highest heororá _ 