SUNBURIRY. (FROM OUII OWN CORRESPONDENT.) AN American lady, at a swell dinner party in England, when pressed by the host to try another course, replied, "No thankee, siree, I'm chock." But that's not the matter with me; though, itn our old Murrumbigee phrase, "my shovel is piled," it is'nt through partaking of the contents of the ' flesh pots of Egypt," filled with "savoury meat such as my soul lovoth." On the contrary, it is not a dish hit off in the cookery book of Mrs. Becton. 'Tis an olla podrida, called Bulla Shire Council, that has literally crammed me to the top of the mental sosophagus, and if I don't have recourse to an emetic of ink I feel conscious that the imperishable rabbit will frisk on my grave at I an early date. There's been great doings Bulls 1 way on the top of Tulip's Hill, whereon stands the temple specially dedicated to the gods of gas. In my last I harnessed three Latin quotations together, not for the purpose of showing off my knowledge of the language in which the immortal Cicero thundered. 'The idea I wished to convey I was the futility of a section of the Council en deavouring to got rid of the Secretary by the process of summary dismissal. From the days that Joshua rattled down the walls of Jericho with his ramshorn artillery to the present hour, there has not been such a mirth provoking fiasco. But at this stage it is necessary that I should start from the earliest commencement of the Secretary rumpus. In September, I am credibly informed, that there were marked indications of a volcanic outburst on Tulip's Mount, for certain men who would rule the roast called on their patent krakatoa to vomit out the Secretary, boots and all. Fortunately for him three of the sonis of Morven said "no you don't, George. We come from a race of heroes who scorned to fail in battle -our fathers ever fell with there faces towards the foe. Think not then, because the sword and spear rust in the old halls that stand by the gleaming waters of Cono, that we are going to slink into corners. The dim ghosts of Ossian and FIingal ride on the Australian thunder cloud. They wave us on. Then have at ye, with the sword of the tongue, more cutting than the tem pered steel. Shall our consciences so accuse us that, when we are taking our whiskey straight, it yi.l-hokro.uo3u.-3unt.c5 ' pulltdows.th.hbrtimu of. our billycook hats in shame whlieniwe meet the stalwart ratepayers on the three-chain roads? No! So long as there is whiskey in the jar, a ' gowpen of meal in the kist', or a plack in the pocket of our breoks, we will hold you at bay." Great was the foaming of the " Mussoraisrs"; nigh to bursting were they with the intoxication of anger when they found their flintlock musket could'nt strike sparks strong enough to set the saltpetre of the carefully prepared volcano afizzing. Mlonth after month they charged down to the Council chamber, vowing doubly distilled vengeance. "The dauntless three" stood man fully in the breach, and the Secretary (by the same token, he that would fry Dick for a muff would waste his oleomargarine) was in treaty with the Essendon Borough Council for the billet of overlooking the bluemarbling of that region. The Secretary "laid low" all the time, so when lie got the Essendon appointment, a good solid .1300 per annum, he coolly sat down and wrote out his resignation paper. Then decorating his visage with a smile of triumphant satisfaction he mounted his war-steed, rode over to the President's resi dence, and straightway delivered the document into that gantleman's hands. What a climax to find that the unbluffible Richard could throw up three sixes in one throw! One thing this appoint ment clearly shows is that the Essendon Council have every faith in Mr. Lothbridge, and I con sider that, as Secretary and Engineer for this Shire, he was the right man in the right place. Even his detractors cannot deny but that lie dis charged his onerous duties in a throughly efficient, uninstakino annrar 'I'har , ,,n rnonlir. ant of strange invblvmonts arising out of this Shire embroglio, and as Messrs. Eadie, Clark, and Ross, t the three Councillors who, from a correct inter- n pretation of equity and justice, took sides with n the Secretary, are blamed, I feel bound to take up a the cudgels in thei.r behalf. They are accused wrongfully of bringing about the stoppage of Shire business. At the September meeting notice was given that, at the October monthly sitting, a a motion would be tabled for the Secretary's per- a emptory dismission from his office. When the October sitting came off this unjust motion was made to take procedure of all other business. The gentlemen I have specified refused to give their sanction to such a Ine of action, at the same time they were willing that the ordinary course of t things should go on provided that this motion . should not be brought upon the board first. This did not suit the other three, because the only thing they could count upon to carry the day was the casting voteof the President. The Government ] a ...a;r.. t?..who Jill.wal . dnw. d ao. allwld.t o re main unpaid until that functionary's patience was worn threadbare, resulting in a verdict, with costs added thereto. Councillor Clark resigned some weeks ago in sheer disgust, and not the least attempt to fill up that extraordinary vacancy has been made, consequently the ratepayers of his section of the East Riding are unrepresented. The Local Government Act is pretty explicit re garding the filling of extraordinary vacancies. The Rabbit Act has not been enforced, and a canard is flying about that the local Nestors in tend to combine rabbit inspecting, Shire engineer ing, secretaryship, in one billet. Woo to the man whose "kismet" i.s to accept that triune billet! Report says his salary will be at the rate of £200 a year. At that starvation rate of remuneration I daresay some poor fellow whom the inexorable devil of necessity drives, with no soul above his boots, will be found to undertake the task. But it would be utter folly to expect that he could do the whole work in a satisfactory manner. Hitherto it has been customary to have all main tenance metal broken very early in the season. This year not an inch of stone has been prepared. In short the Council, as a useful public body, has gone to " eternal smash." The master of Glenara waits in his father's hall till he is called by the ratepayers to re-occupy his seat. Peter, the In. flexible, and Donald, Expounder of the Local Government Act, can do nothing. If the rate payers individually and collectively had any sense of the duty they owe themselves they would at once call on the whole of the councillors to vacate their seats. But no, they are blind as bats, delud ing themselves with the reflection that it is the essence of a good thing to escape paying rates. The grape crop is rapidly advancing towards maturity, but what with the damage inflicted by grasshoppers, and the subsoil not having been penetrated with moisture for two seasons, the output of wine will be very small. The Sunbury races are an accomplished fact. :Monday, 6th April, is the date fixed. The pro gramme, which now lies before me, is an attrac tive one, containing three 10 sov. races, one 8 and one 7.sov., with two 3 sov. events. The sparrow shooting match came off on Satur day. The attendance of shootists was meagre, with a deplorably bad light for pointing straight at such small game. The shooting, taken as a whole, was excellent. What between the handi cap and sweeps, .8 was won and lost. The citizens of our village turned out in force, par ticularly the juvenile element, who seemed to enjoy the sport immensely. -. Infanticide, one of those crimes that arise from .ho annatr,?lly machlinaion, o to oowar-dly. o ducer, came to light last Saturday morning. One of the Asylum attendants, in his travels about some rocky cliffs, discovered the remains of a new-born female infant, rolled in a wrapper with its head battered to pieces. The coroner's en quiry has terminated, so far, in a " found dead" verdict. 