PUBLISHED EVP By WEDNESDAY AND BATUBDAY KOftKIJJG. "BATURDAT, JULY 18,~1888f: THE LICENSING LAW. The new Licensing Bill now before the Victorian Parliament deeply exer jcfpep pjfbjic mind pf-tbp isipter polony. Ana well it fnaj. proposes » great many radical innovations on thfl easing and Wftkea a further ,,; tlio fovyp of fbe ftdfooates, of bid iuk . ij > local option. ' -v sbaiUje It proposes that the colouj " * u divided into licensing districts, aptj. u is provided that in these no more th/in one public house shall bo licensed for each 250 of the population up to 1,000; and over that only one house for each 500 of the population, A district coutainiug 1,000 people can thus have four public houses, and a district of 10,000, 22. The population of the district ia to be ascertained by multiplying tlio number of ratepayers by 5-this numeral being assumed to vepreaout the average size of families. The law thus proposes a sufficiently liberal allowanco of houses, and the trade must be in an unwholesome state in a district when it ia exceeded, If it ia found after the law is in force that a larger number of houses than proposed exists, one-fifth of the rate payers may require that a ballot shall be taken to decide whether or not they shall be reduced to the legal standard. Then, if a majority docido that they shall, the licousing bench must carry out this decision bv crantinc l^Minon only to the lawful number of houses. The owners of houaea struck off are to receive fair compensation from the ratepayers for their loaa, But if the ratepayers decline to take action licences will he issued as usual at the discretion of the bench ; but no new ones will bo isauod till tha population overtakes the maximum allowed by the law. It is provided that no person shall have a beneficial interest m more than one licenced hopee, and any interference witli any licensed house, other than the one held by a licenced perBon, Bhall bo deemed prima facie evidence of a broach of the law. Roadside licences are not to be granted within ten miles of a village, nor within ton miles of any other liconced house. Every licenced house in a town inuat possess not less than six bedrooms available for the public, and wftyaide houses not leas than three, The licencing courts aro armed with iimple powers under the uew Act, r£hey caq grout QS refuse existiBg licences as they see fit; they can order an analysis to be made at any time of spirits and other drinks sold to the public ; they can punish by fine up to '£50, or by imprisonment up to three montliB; they can disqualify at any time a person guilty of questionable or improper practices from holding a licence; and the right is given thorn to fix the amount of compensation to be paid to any owner of a public house who may lose his lioenee by the vote of the ratepayers. The Sunday-trading clause is in cluded in the oill, and made even more stringent, It runs aa follows i~ "Everylicensed victualler on whose licensed I premises any sale or barter of or traffic in I liquor takes place, or on which any liquor is j drunk on Sunday, exoept by lodpra in auoh liouso or by bona-Mc travellers, shall, for a first offence, be liable to a penalty of not lew) than £2, nor exceeding S10} for ft second offends, Bhall be liable to a penalty of not leas than £10 nor exceeding £20 s ana for a third offenca shall ipsofaoto forfeit his lioencs." A traveller is defined as a person who has come from a distance of not less than ten miles in a straight line to the house at which he obtains refresh ments, The barmaid _ clause excites lively interest. The bill proposes to abolish the barmaid, and rune aa followa "No female shall be permitted to attend or be employed in attending customers at the bar on the premises of any licensed victualler, saving and excepting; the wife or daughter of the licensee, ana saving and excepting the licensee if a female, and saving and excepting femalea employed as barmaids in Victoria at the time of ths commencement of this aot j and the burthen of. proof that any female employed after the commencement of this aot is not em ployed contrary to tho provisions of this seqtion shall rest , with the licenseo. The licensee on whose premises any contravention oft the provisions of this section occurs shall bo deemed to have committed an offence against this aot, and shall be liable to a penalty of not less than £2"nor more than £20 for each day on wtyioh suoh «n offence ia <joinm\tted," . This is pretty plain speaking and should meet the end in view. No more thah one bar ia to be allowed in any house, and the bar is to be kept locked during prohibited hours. , Brewers and spirit merchant's houses are ateo to be abolished, Clause 89 of the bill deals with them aa followa :~ ?' No victualler's licence shall be granted or renewed in respect of any premises in which any brewer, spirit merchant, or any person being a distiller within the meaning of the Distillation Act 1862, shall after the com mencement of this aot become the owner in fea or for life, or for a term of years, or of which he shall become the mortgagee, Pro vided, however, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed to apply to any person who ,-iq: only interested in any licensed premises or brewer's, spirit merchant's or distiller's busi. ness as a trustee," ;Thia clause will be firmly opposed by a strong ring. The goods and chattels of the licenced house are made responsible for any flpes or penalties inflicted, by. the licencing bench irrespective of owner ship. Clauses 1X0 and 111 of the new bill throw /the onus of, rebutting charges laid jmder the act on the owners of licenced houses, and if they cannot do BO they are to be held guilty. The fact of their supplying driuk at pro hibited hours ia to be held sufficient 'proof that the liquor supplied was sold} and the old subterfuge that it was given away as a matter of friend, ship is to be relegated to the region where ghost stories and fairy lore are accepted as matters of history. The new Bill is vigorously opposed by a strong ring of brewers and spirit merchants, but as a whole it com. mends itself to the public, who will be . pleased to see it carried in all its main features, 