A Fragment. 'Tis calm.' The animate, nure and glistening mould Whinh, for laok of time, will soon grow cold, Sleeping gently. ' A potent sign of length of years, And soothing to a mother's numerous fears. Sleep! that' ghost of death that haunts us every night,' . "? No more a Bpirit when man is out of sight, Sleep is death', and death is Bleep to all, "When that grimvisitor leaves his card to call. "Weary nature no longer being opprest, That babe awakes and suoks it's mother's breast. And here arise so many questions rare, As food for babes : How did that milk come there P The ox, the sheep, tho swine are killed as food, To give good nourishment to tho circulating blood Of mothers who are Buckling/ The babe a man, Has now to seek his food as best he can. He li vés on death and feels content. At death,.fpr other's life his life ÍB lent. And thus revolving nature holds what we oall lifo « A misery ; a pleasure ; a dream ; a strife With all'that's animate. Whoever bears The greatest strength, the better fares. That man from childhood borrowed all His substance,'frbm the gasping breath and fail Of something, called, or driven,' from its hold ' On life j and now that substance borrowed 's cold. Behold that form stark and stiff in death, Which but a moment prior passed its breath Into that mighty revolution. . What now remains To tell'that it were man-save form P The eyelid's closed, the chin'sf allen, The heart is'oold- which once was warm. When heart and lungs refuse their work to' dd, Then ox/ahd sheep, and swine-will not save j you, Oh man, mußt resolve your compound Into its respective elements, to be found In many who. shall1 visit here awilo, . ' And exit as you the oulminating stile. A dearer than a friend, a beauteous maid, Prostrate with illness on her oouoh was laid. Her' end was near, her life was almost spent, When straight a messenger for one she sent, To bid farewell ; a long farewell to him. Before she passed tho conscious rays ot time. Ho mused upon the many changes which were'shown By revolting nature j as the many ' faculties were thrown ' ( _ Prom -their dwelling places, And as the last was roast, ... y v. v.-. ". He'wondered muoh where they had passed. Oh !.What is life? " Oh ¡What ia death? ';'. » He saw. that form breathing : in a moment it was still. He heard the words it uttered,'and romain they will, until His latest breath; within his mind. Hemused Upon'this latest act of man, and got confused. .Xhe lungs were laboring, the heart was wöak, ; A rest by silence endeavored they seek. ;. The brain neglected by a lack of. blood 1 To discharge its duties as ore it could. As more slowly there,that vital fluid's flow, That cloud of death puissantly did show .; Its influence on the victim it did hold Within" its'grasp. Arid as the cold Of that great conqueror pressed, she died, * Of death the utíhanñv bnt ins«nn.rn.blo briflo Sydney."' ? ':?«.',* ? X, GUERIN. 