PRESBYTERIAN V. METHODIST LAITY. {To the Editor of the Northern Argus.1 Sir — I trust that I am quite at one with Mr. Sutherland in catholicity, and that while 1 would ratber seek aud point out the strengths of any system than its weak nesses, its glory than its shame, would rather be the soaring, singing lark that sees beauty and occasion for joy above, around, below than the carrion crow that rises only to gnin a coigu of vautage from which to desceii'l upon any carcase that may lie fes tering on the ground, yet, with the sturdy non-conformist, Milton, I would cry, ' Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely, according to conscience, above all other liberties.' Still, I opine that there is much of wisdom iu the placing by Milton of knowledge before utterance. ' We speak th.it we do know' is the basis of all forceful and persuasive speech. But ' to our sheep.' Mr. S. asks, ' What has thic,' (i.e. tbe Melbourne telegram 1 quoted in my letter) ' to do with the point I at issue?' Chiefly this, That as, p a public meeting a distinct assertion bad been made, without proof being given, that the privileges accorded by the Methodist Church to her laymen were not anything like so great as those granted by the Pres byterian Church to her laymen, it was quite fair for me to adduce as an illustratiou to the contrary a recent utterance of Presby terian laymen on the matter, although in turn it might also be a bald assertion with out proof. In a word, the telegram was as good in its way as an illustration as was the speaker's assertion as a proof or argument. But putting that altogether on one side, let us to the point at issue and the facts of the case. Mr. S.'s contention, as I understand it, is that ' Wesleyan clergymen derive tbeir position as ministers of the gospel exclu sively from themselves,' and do not ' acknowledge the rights of the people in the matter.' This assertion I must and do most emphatically deny. The polity of the Methodism as a church is neither popish, prelatical, nor Congregational, but Presby-_ terian. We call our clergyman Methodist* preachers or ministers, and our other officers by different names than those which Pres byterians use, but between the Presbyterian Church and ourselves, in offices, officers, and meetings (church), a marked and striking parallel exists. But there are differences, or, of course, we should be one in name as we are now in heart and aim. Methodism is essentially Presbyterian in polity but not in theology. Methodism is Arminian Pres byterianism. And Methodism as a Presby terian Church in polity is especially democratic. Both Presbyterian and Con gregational Churches recognise and conserve the rights of the laity, while the Episcopal Churches minimise them. From his OUOUUUIU O^JtMUUUg I'll IUIB I^UCSLIUU *. CUUUiU imagine that Mr. S. must belong to tbe Free Church of Scotland. Pre-eminently catholic in her spirit, 'the friend of all and the enemy of none,' Methodism has also developed an extraordi nary capacity for meeting the religious wants of the masses, and is as popular as she is because she meets aud satisfies those demands. She makes of each a worker, and finds for each in her commonwealth — her family — a home. And so far from lord ing it over God's heritage, and indulging in sacerdotal assumptions, and being tinctured ?with priestly pride, and being vain with the vanity of an Episcopally-ordained descen dant of the Apostles, than whom none have the right to preach, her ministers — while yet conscious that it is theirs to ' feed the church of God, over which the Holy Ghost Bath made them overseers — can, and do eay, ' We preach not ourselves, bat Christ Jesus as Lord, and ourselves your servants for Christ's sake.' So far, I say, from arro gating the great work of preaching the glorious gospel of the grace of God to them eelves, Methodist preachers call to their side, and to their aid, and to an active coopera tion with them in this matter, the laymen of their church — the noble band of local preachers — without whom Methodism could never have had an existence, and without whom she could not exist as Methodism to day- So far, then, from slighting her laity, Methodism, it appears to me, has honored and exalted them, calling them each and all to live and love and work, so that Presby terian Chalmers said, ' Methodists are at it, all at it, and always at it.' Methodism honors her laity, and leads the van among the churches in according to them this the highest of all privileges, the stated opportu nity of ' preaching the unsearchable riches of Christ.' And, if I mistake not, it is an historical fact that the very church which is honored by having Mr. Sutherland as its present pastor has been indebted very largely in this very direction — i.e., to aid from Methodist local preachers in times that are past. Again, Methodism as a church is the child of providence, emphatically the out growth of circumstances, and eminently adaptive in its nature, so that if in the future, as from time to time in the past, our laity wish for changeB in the constitution of Methodism that can be shown to be reason able, scriptural, and not subversive of the very principles of Methodism herself, I doubt not that such changes, whatever they may be, will come to pass. Methodism being a homogeneous whole has nothing to fear from her laymen, who are bone of her bone, flesh of her flesh, spirit of her spirit. In concluding this letter, I may say that I am not at all aware that the constitution of our church is, as Mr. S. affirms it is, a moot point with our people. Certainly, if it is, the old saying holds good, and one has to go away from home to hear news. I am not aware that the Methodist custom re the calling out of her ministers is in any appreciable degree or sense different from the Presbyterian. Nor am I aware that the Methodist laity feel that they are in any way injured or inadequately represented by our present method of calling out and set ting apart men to the work of the ministry. I would say (1) the people are not sensible of any grievance in this regard ; (2) there is no grievance in this regard for them to be conscious of. I shook hands with Mr. S. on his platform as a Presbyterian and a brother, nay, more, as a brother Presbyterian, and I still shake hands with him ia my heart, heartily. I am, Sir, &c.;, S. F. Pbioe. Kooringa, Nov. 7. 